# 'The Great Pyramid?'
## 
### 
Making up in smiles what they lack in bal
ance, these five students seem determined to
give their all in pyramiding enthusiasm for
Con Home Week. This group is but one of sev

eral which made this year's Hydrofollies a
resounding success by hard work and a desire
to entertain.

Making up in smiles what they lack in bal
ance, these five students seem determined to
give their all in pyramiding enthusiasm for
Con Home Week. This group is but one of sev

eral which made this year's Hydrofollies a
resounding success by hard work and a desire
to entertain.

Making up in smiles what they lack in bal
ance, these five students seem determined to
give their all in pyramiding enthusiasm for
Con Home Week. This group is but one of sev

eral which made this year's Hydrofollies a
resounding success by hard work and a desire
to entertain.

Making up in smiles what they lack in bal
ance, these five students seem determined to
give their all in pyramiding enthusiasm for
Con Home Week. This group is but one of sev

eral which made this year's Hydrofollies a
resounding success by hard work and a desire
to entertain.

Making up in smiles what they lack in bal
ance, these five students seem determined to
give their all in pyramiding enthusiasm for
Con Home Week. This group is but one of sev

eral which made this year's Hydrofollies a
resounding success by hard work and a desire
to entertain.

Making up in smiles what they lack in bal
ance, these five students seem determined to
give their all in pyramiding enthusiasm for
Con Home Week. This group is but one of sev

eral which made this year's Hydrofollies a
resounding success by hard work and a desire
to entertain.

Making up in smiles what they lack in bal
ance, these five students seem determined to
give their all in pyramiding enthusiasm for
Con Home Week. This group is but one of sev

eral which made this year's Hydrofollies a
resounding success by hard work and a desire
to entertain.

Making up in smiles what they lack in bal
ance, these five students seem determined to
give their all in pyramiding enthusiasm for
Con Home Week. This group is but one of sev

eral which made this year's Hydrofollies a
resounding success by hard work and a desire
to entertain.

Making up in smiles what they lack in bal
ance, these five students seem determined to
give their all in pyramiding enthusiasm for
Con Home Week. This group is but one of sev

eral which made this year's Hydrofollies a
resounding success by hard work and a desire
to entertain.

Making up in smiles what they lack in bal
ance, these five students seem determined to
give their all in pyramiding enthusiasm for
Con Home Week. This group is but one of sev

eral which made this year's Hydrofollies a
resounding success by hard work and a desire
to entertain.

Making up in smiles what they lack in bal
ance, these five students seem determined to
give their all in pyramiding enthusiasm for
Con Home Week. This group is but one of sev

eral which made this year's Hydrofollies a
resounding success by hard work and a desire
to entertain.

Making up in smiles what they lack in bal
ance, these five students seem determined to
give their all in pyramiding enthusiasm for
Con Home Week. This group is but one of sev

eral which made this year's Hydrofollies a
resounding success by hard work and a desire
to entertain.

Making up in smiles what they lack in bal
ance, these five students seem determined to
give their all in pyramiding enthusiasm for
Con Home Week. This group is but one of sev

eral which made this year's Hydrofollies a
resounding success by hard work and a desire
to entertain.

Making up in smiles what they lack in bal
ance, these five students seem determined to
give their all in pyramiding enthusiasm for
Con Home Week. This group is but one of sev

eral which made this year's Hydrofollies a
resounding success by hard work and a desire
to entertain.

Making up in smiles what they lack in bal
ance, these five students seem determined to
give their all in pyramiding enthusiasm for
Con Home Week. This group is but one of sev

eral which made this year's Hydrofollies a
resounding success by hard work and a desire
to entertain.

