# Ethics Discussed At Luncheon Club
## 
### 
''Ethics is an attempt to restore
fundamental unity to ourselves," de
clared Henry Lanz, associate pro
fessor of slavic languages and phil
osophy, at Luncheon Club meeting
yesterday.
Professor Lanz, whose recently
published book won the Interna
tional Competition in Philosophy,
went on to say that ethics were
merely conventions or adaptations.
They were not biological but social
adaptations resulting from group ob
servation to make life more agree
able.
Therefore, Professor Lanz pointed
out, the purpose of ethics can be
seen when it is realized how hope
lessly ineffective and lonely indi
viduals are in their own "carnal
cavities." People are naturally
afraid, vain, bashful, and ambitious.
However, concluded Professor
Lanz, since philosophers now agree
that individuals only result from
circumstances and not metaphysics
"good" and harmony are ' achieved
from unity through ethics.
''Ethics is an attempt to restore
fundamental unity to ourselves," de
clared Henry Lanz, associate pro
fessor of slavic languages and phil
osophy, at Luncheon Club meeting
yesterday.
Professor Lanz, whose recently
published book won the Interna
tional Competition in Philosophy,
went on to say that ethics were
merely conventions or adaptations.
They were not biological but social
adaptations resulting from group ob
servation to make life more agree
able.
Therefore, Professor Lanz pointed
out, the purpose of ethics can be
seen when it is realized how hope
lessly ineffective and lonely indi
viduals are in their own "carnal
cavities." People are naturally
afraid, vain, bashful, and ambitious.
However, concluded Professor
Lanz, since philosophers now agree
that individuals only result from
circumstances and not metaphysics
"good" and harmony are ' achieved
from unity through ethics.
''Ethics is an attempt to restore
fundamental unity to ourselves," de
clared Henry Lanz, associate pro
fessor of slavic languages and phil
osophy, at Luncheon Club meeting
yesterday.
Professor Lanz, whose recently
published book won the Interna
tional Competition in Philosophy,
went on to say that ethics were
merely conventions or adaptations.
They were not biological but social
adaptations resulting from group ob
servation to make life more agree
able.
Therefore, Professor Lanz pointed
out, the purpose of ethics can be
seen when it is realized how hope
lessly ineffective and lonely indi
viduals are in their own "carnal
cavities." People are naturally
afraid, vain, bashful, and ambitious.
However, concluded Professor
Lanz, since philosophers now agree
that individuals only result from
circumstances and not metaphysics
"good" and harmony are ' achieved
from unity through ethics.
''Ethics is an attempt to restore
fundamental unity to ourselves," de
clared Henry Lanz, associate pro
fessor of slavic languages and phil
osophy, at Luncheon Club meeting
yesterday.
Professor Lanz, whose recently
published book won the Interna
tional Competition in Philosophy,
went on to say that ethics were
merely conventions or adaptations.
They were not biological but social
adaptations resulting from group ob
servation to make life more agree
able.
Therefore, Professor Lanz pointed
out, the purpose of ethics can be
seen when it is realized how hope
lessly ineffective and lonely indi
viduals are in their own "carnal
cavities." People are naturally
afraid, vain, bashful, and ambitious.
However, concluded Professor
Lanz, since philosophers now agree
that individuals only result from
circumstances and not metaphysics
"good" and harmony are ' achieved
from unity through ethics.
''Ethics is an attempt to restore
fundamental unity to ourselves," de
clared Henry Lanz, associate pro
fessor of slavic languages and phil
osophy, at Luncheon Club meeting
yesterday.
Professor Lanz, whose recently
published book won the Interna
tional Competition in Philosophy,
went on to say that ethics were
merely conventions or adaptations.
They were not biological but social
adaptations resulting from group ob
servation to make life more agree
able.
Therefore, Professor Lanz pointed
out, the purpose of ethics can be
seen when it is realized how hope
lessly ineffective and lonely indi
viduals are in their own "carnal
cavities." People are naturally
afraid, vain, bashful, and ambitious.
However, concluded Professor
Lanz, since philosophers now agree
that individuals only result from
circumstances and not metaphysics
"good" and harmony are ' achieved
from unity through ethics.
''Ethics is an attempt to restore
fundamental unity to ourselves," de
clared Henry Lanz, associate pro
fessor of slavic languages and phil
osophy, at Luncheon Club meeting
yesterday.
Professor Lanz, whose recently
published book won the Interna
tional Competition in Philosophy,
went on to say that ethics were
merely conventions or adaptations.
They were not biological but social
adaptations resulting from group ob
servation to make life more agree
able.
Therefore, Professor Lanz pointed
out, the purpose of ethics can be
seen when it is realized how hope
lessly ineffective and lonely indi
viduals are in their own "carnal
cavities." People are naturally
afraid, vain, bashful, and ambitious.
However, concluded Professor
Lanz, since philosophers now agree
that individuals only result from
circumstances and not metaphysics
"good" and harmony are ' achieved
from unity through ethics.
''Ethics is an attempt to restore
fundamental unity to ourselves," de
clared Henry Lanz, associate pro
fessor of slavic languages and phil
osophy, at Luncheon Club meeting
yesterday.
Professor Lanz, whose recently
published book won the Interna
tional Competition in Philosophy,
went on to say that ethics were
merely conventions or adaptations.
They were not biological but social
adaptations resulting from group ob
servation to make life more agree
able.
Therefore, Professor Lanz pointed
out, the purpose of ethics can be
seen when it is realized how hope
lessly ineffective and lonely indi
viduals are in their own "carnal
cavities." People are naturally
afraid, vain, bashful, and ambitious.
However, concluded Professor
Lanz, since philosophers now agree
that individuals only result from
circumstances and not metaphysics
"good" and harmony are ' achieved
from unity through ethics.
''Ethics is an attempt to restore
fundamental unity to ourselves," de
clared Henry Lanz, associate pro
fessor of slavic languages and phil
osophy, at Luncheon Club meeting
yesterday.
Professor Lanz, whose recently
published book won the Interna
tional Competition in Philosophy,
went on to say that ethics were
merely conventions or adaptations.
They were not biological but social
adaptations resulting from group ob
servation to make life more agree
able.
Therefore, Professor Lanz pointed
out, the purpose of ethics can be
seen when it is realized how hope
lessly ineffective and lonely indi
viduals are in their own "carnal
cavities." People are naturally
afraid, vain, bashful, and ambitious.
However, concluded Professor
Lanz, since philosophers now agree
that individuals only result from
circumstances and not metaphysics
"good" and harmony are ' achieved
from unity through ethics.
''Ethics is an attempt to restore
fundamental unity to ourselves," de
clared Henry Lanz, associate pro
fessor of slavic languages and phil
osophy, at Luncheon Club meeting
yesterday.
Professor Lanz, whose recently
published book won the Interna
tional Competition in Philosophy,
went on to say that ethics were
merely conventions or adaptations.
They were not biological but social
adaptations resulting from group ob
servation to make life more agree
able.
Therefore, Professor Lanz pointed
out, the purpose of ethics can be
seen when it is realized how hope
lessly ineffective and lonely indi
viduals are in their own "carnal
cavities." People are naturally
afraid, vain, bashful, and ambitious.
However, concluded Professor
Lanz, since philosophers now agree
that individuals only result from
circumstances and not metaphysics
"good" and harmony are ' achieved
from unity through ethics.
''Ethics is an attempt to restore
fundamental unity to ourselves," de
clared Henry Lanz, associate pro
fessor of slavic languages and phil
osophy, at Luncheon Club meeting
yesterday.
Professor Lanz, whose recently
published book won the Interna
tional Competition in Philosophy,
went on to say that ethics were
merely conventions or adaptations.
They were not biological but social
adaptations resulting from group ob
servation to make life more agree
able.
Therefore, Professor Lanz pointed
out, the purpose of ethics can be
seen when it is realized how hope
lessly ineffective and lonely indi
viduals are in their own "carnal
cavities." People are naturally
afraid, vain, bashful, and ambitious.
However, concluded Professor
Lanz, since philosophers now agree
that individuals only result from
circumstances and not metaphysics
"good" and harmony are ' achieved
from unity through ethics.
''Ethics is an attempt to restore
fundamental unity to ourselves," de
clared Henry Lanz, associate pro
fessor of slavic languages and phil
osophy, at Luncheon Club meeting
yesterday.
Professor Lanz, whose recently
published book won the Interna
tional Competition in Philosophy,
went on to say that ethics were
merely conventions or adaptations.
They were not biological but social
adaptations resulting from group ob
servation to make life more agree
able.
Therefore, Professor Lanz pointed
out, the purpose of ethics can be
seen when it is realized how hope
lessly ineffective and lonely indi
viduals are in their own "carnal
cavities." People are naturally
afraid, vain, bashful, and ambitious.
However, concluded Professor
Lanz, since philosophers now agree
that individuals only result from
circumstances and not metaphysics
"good" and harmony are ' achieved
from unity through ethics.
''Ethics is an attempt to restore
fundamental unity to ourselves," de
clared Henry Lanz, associate pro
fessor of slavic languages and phil
osophy, at Luncheon Club meeting
yesterday.
Professor Lanz, whose recently
published book won the Interna
tional Competition in Philosophy,
went on to say that ethics were
merely conventions or adaptations.
They were not biological but social
adaptations resulting from group ob
servation to make life more agree
able.
Therefore, Professor Lanz pointed
out, the purpose of ethics can be
seen when it is realized how hope
lessly ineffective and lonely indi
viduals are in their own "carnal
cavities." People are naturally
afraid, vain, bashful, and ambitious.
However, concluded Professor
Lanz, since philosophers now agree
that individuals only result from
circumstances and not metaphysics
"good" and harmony are ' achieved
from unity through ethics.
''Ethics is an attempt to restore
fundamental unity to ourselves," de
clared Henry Lanz, associate pro
fessor of slavic languages and phil
osophy, at Luncheon Club meeting
yesterday.
Professor Lanz, whose recently
published book won the Interna
tional Competition in Philosophy,
went on to say that ethics were
merely conventions or adaptations.
They were not biological but social
adaptations resulting from group ob
servation to make life more agree
able.
Therefore, Professor Lanz pointed
out, the purpose of ethics can be
seen when it is realized how hope
lessly ineffective and lonely indi
viduals are in their own "carnal
cavities." People are naturally
afraid, vain, bashful, and ambitious.
However, concluded Professor
Lanz, since philosophers now agree
that individuals only result from
circumstances and not metaphysics
"good" and harmony are ' achieved
from unity through ethics.
''Ethics is an attempt to restore
fundamental unity to ourselves," de
clared Henry Lanz, associate pro
fessor of slavic languages and phil
osophy, at Luncheon Club meeting
yesterday.
Professor Lanz, whose recently
published book won the Interna
tional Competition in Philosophy,
went on to say that ethics were
merely conventions or adaptations.
They were not biological but social
adaptations resulting from group ob
servation to make life more agree
able.
Therefore, Professor Lanz pointed
out, the purpose of ethics can be
seen when it is realized how hope
lessly ineffective and lonely indi
viduals are in their own "carnal
cavities." People are naturally
afraid, vain, bashful, and ambitious.
However, concluded Professor
Lanz, since philosophers now agree
that individuals only result from
circumstances and not metaphysics
"good" and harmony are ' achieved
from unity through ethics.
''Ethics is an attempt to restore
fundamental unity to ourselves," de
clared Henry Lanz, associate pro
fessor of slavic languages and phil
osophy, at Luncheon Club meeting
yesterday.
Professor Lanz, whose recently
published book won the Interna
tional Competition in Philosophy,
went on to say that ethics were
merely conventions or adaptations.
They were not biological but social
adaptations resulting from group ob
servation to make life more agree
able.
Therefore, Professor Lanz pointed
out, the purpose of ethics can be
seen when it is realized how hope
lessly ineffective and lonely indi
viduals are in their own "carnal
cavities." People are naturally
afraid, vain, bashful, and ambitious.
However, concluded Professor
Lanz, since philosophers now agree
that individuals only result from
circumstances and not metaphysics
"good" and harmony are ' achieved
from unity through ethics.
