# Vocal Groups Find New Accompanist
## 
### 
Because Carl Deisenroth's depart
ure on the eastern debate tour left
the Men's and Women's Glee Clubs
without an accompanist, Beth Yea
ger, freshman, yesterday took over
the position for the women's group,
while tryouts for the men's group
are still in progress.
The Women's Glee Club is now
preparing for a number of appear
ances in February, one of which
will be a singing concert at Los
Gatos High School. The group will
also be heard over the KGO Blue
Network Stanford Hour next month.
Because Carl Deisenroth's depart
ure on the eastern debate tour left
the Men's and Women's Glee Clubs
without an accompanist, Beth Yea
ger, freshman, yesterday took over
the position for the women's group,
while tryouts for the men's group
are still in progress.
The Women's Glee Club is now
preparing for a number of appear
ances in February, one of which
will be a singing concert at Los
Gatos High School. The group will
also be heard over the KGO Blue
Network Stanford Hour next month.
Because Carl Deisenroth's depart
ure on the eastern debate tour left
the Men's and Women's Glee Clubs
without an accompanist, Beth Yea
ger, freshman, yesterday took over
the position for the women's group,
while tryouts for the men's group
are still in progress.
The Women's Glee Club is now
preparing for a number of appear
ances in February, one of which
will be a singing concert at Los
Gatos High School. The group will
also be heard over the KGO Blue
Network Stanford Hour next month.
Because Carl Deisenroth's depart
ure on the eastern debate tour left
the Men's and Women's Glee Clubs
without an accompanist, Beth Yea
ger, freshman, yesterday took over
the position for the women's group,
while tryouts for the men's group
are still in progress.
The Women's Glee Club is now
preparing for a number of appear
ances in February, one of which
will be a singing concert at Los
Gatos High School. The group will
also be heard over the KGO Blue
Network Stanford Hour next month.
Because Carl Deisenroth's depart
ure on the eastern debate tour left
the Men's and Women's Glee Clubs
without an accompanist, Beth Yea
ger, freshman, yesterday took over
the position for the women's group,
while tryouts for the men's group
are still in progress.
The Women's Glee Club is now
preparing for a number of appear
ances in February, one of which
will be a singing concert at Los
Gatos High School. The group will
also be heard over the KGO Blue
Network Stanford Hour next month.
Because Carl Deisenroth's depart
ure on the eastern debate tour left
the Men's and Women's Glee Clubs
without an accompanist, Beth Yea
ger, freshman, yesterday took over
the position for the women's group,
while tryouts for the men's group
are still in progress.
The Women's Glee Club is now
preparing for a number of appear
ances in February, one of which
will be a singing concert at Los
Gatos High School. The group will
also be heard over the KGO Blue
Network Stanford Hour next month.
Because Carl Deisenroth's depart
ure on the eastern debate tour left
the Men's and Women's Glee Clubs
without an accompanist, Beth Yea
ger, freshman, yesterday took over
the position for the women's group,
while tryouts for the men's group
are still in progress.
The Women's Glee Club is now
preparing for a number of appear
ances in February, one of which
will be a singing concert at Los
Gatos High School. The group will
also be heard over the KGO Blue
Network Stanford Hour next month.
Because Carl Deisenroth's depart
ure on the eastern debate tour left
the Men's and Women's Glee Clubs
without an accompanist, Beth Yea
ger, freshman, yesterday took over
the position for the women's group,
while tryouts for the men's group
are still in progress.
The Women's Glee Club is now
preparing for a number of appear
ances in February, one of which
will be a singing concert at Los
Gatos High School. The group will
also be heard over the KGO Blue
Network Stanford Hour next month.
Because Carl Deisenroth's depart
ure on the eastern debate tour left
the Men's and Women's Glee Clubs
without an accompanist, Beth Yea
ger, freshman, yesterday took over
the position for the women's group,
while tryouts for the men's group
are still in progress.
The Women's Glee Club is now
preparing for a number of appear
ances in February, one of which
will be a singing concert at Los
Gatos High School. The group will
also be heard over the KGO Blue
Network Stanford Hour next month.
Because Carl Deisenroth's depart
ure on the eastern debate tour left
the Men's and Women's Glee Clubs
without an accompanist, Beth Yea
ger, freshman, yesterday took over
the position for the women's group,
while tryouts for the men's group
are still in progress.
The Women's Glee Club is now
preparing for a number of appear
ances in February, one of which
will be a singing concert at Los
Gatos High School. The group will
also be heard over the KGO Blue
Network Stanford Hour next month.
Because Carl Deisenroth's depart
ure on the eastern debate tour left
the Men's and Women's Glee Clubs
without an accompanist, Beth Yea
ger, freshman, yesterday took over
the position for the women's group,
while tryouts for the men's group
are still in progress.
The Women's Glee Club is now
preparing for a number of appear
ances in February, one of which
will be a singing concert at Los
Gatos High School. The group will
also be heard over the KGO Blue
Network Stanford Hour next month.
Because Carl Deisenroth's depart
ure on the eastern debate tour left
the Men's and Women's Glee Clubs
without an accompanist, Beth Yea
ger, freshman, yesterday took over
the position for the women's group,
while tryouts for the men's group
are still in progress.
The Women's Glee Club is now
preparing for a number of appear
ances in February, one of which
will be a singing concert at Los
Gatos High School. The group will
also be heard over the KGO Blue
Network Stanford Hour next month.
Because Carl Deisenroth's depart
ure on the eastern debate tour left
the Men's and Women's Glee Clubs
without an accompanist, Beth Yea
ger, freshman, yesterday took over
the position for the women's group,
while tryouts for the men's group
are still in progress.
The Women's Glee Club is now
preparing for a number of appear
ances in February, one of which
will be a singing concert at Los
Gatos High School. The group will
also be heard over the KGO Blue
Network Stanford Hour next month.
Because Carl Deisenroth's depart
ure on the eastern debate tour left
the Men's and Women's Glee Clubs
without an accompanist, Beth Yea
ger, freshman, yesterday took over
the position for the women's group,
while tryouts for the men's group
are still in progress.
The Women's Glee Club is now
preparing for a number of appear
ances in February, one of which
will be a singing concert at Los
Gatos High School. The group will
also be heard over the KGO Blue
Network Stanford Hour next month.
Because Carl Deisenroth's depart
ure on the eastern debate tour left
the Men's and Women's Glee Clubs
without an accompanist, Beth Yea
ger, freshman, yesterday took over
the position for the women's group,
while tryouts for the men's group
are still in progress.
The Women's Glee Club is now
preparing for a number of appear
ances in February, one of which
will be a singing concert at Los
Gatos High School. The group will
also be heard over the KGO Blue
Network Stanford Hour next month.
