# WRESTLING NOTICE
## 
### 
First ol the regular biweekly
wrestling matches will be held next
Tuesday night; those interested in
wrestling may sign up any time
before (J tonight.
The first and second rounds of
mural table tennis are due Fridav,
Feb. 5.
First ol the regular biweekly
wrestling matches will be held next
Tuesday night; those interested in
wrestling may sign up any time
before (J tonight.
The first and second rounds of
mural table tennis are due Fridav,
Feb. 5.
First ol the regular biweekly
wrestling matches will be held next
Tuesday night; those interested in
wrestling may sign up any time
before (J tonight.
The first and second rounds of
mural table tennis are due Fridav,
Feb. 5.
First ol the regular biweekly
wrestling matches will be held next
Tuesday night; those interested in
wrestling may sign up any time
before (J tonight.
The first and second rounds of
mural table tennis are due Fridav,
Feb. 5.
First ol the regular biweekly
wrestling matches will be held next
Tuesday night; those interested in
wrestling may sign up any time
before (J tonight.
The first and second rounds of
mural table tennis are due Fridav,
Feb. 5.
First ol the regular biweekly
wrestling matches will be held next
Tuesday night; those interested in
wrestling may sign up any time
before (J tonight.
The first and second rounds of
mural table tennis are due Fridav,
Feb. 5.
First ol the regular biweekly
wrestling matches will be held next
Tuesday night; those interested in
wrestling may sign up any time
before (J tonight.
The first and second rounds of
mural table tennis are due Fridav,
Feb. 5.
First ol the regular biweekly
wrestling matches will be held next
Tuesday night; those interested in
wrestling may sign up any time
before (J tonight.
The first and second rounds of
mural table tennis are due Fridav,
Feb. 5.
First ol the regular biweekly
wrestling matches will be held next
Tuesday night; those interested in
wrestling may sign up any time
before (J tonight.
The first and second rounds of
mural table tennis are due Fridav,
Feb. 5.
First ol the regular biweekly
wrestling matches will be held next
Tuesday night; those interested in
wrestling may sign up any time
before (J tonight.
The first and second rounds of
mural table tennis are due Fridav,
Feb. 5.
First ol the regular biweekly
wrestling matches will be held next
Tuesday night; those interested in
wrestling may sign up any time
before (J tonight.
The first and second rounds of
mural table tennis are due Fridav,
Feb. 5.
First ol the regular biweekly
wrestling matches will be held next
Tuesday night; those interested in
wrestling may sign up any time
before (J tonight.
The first and second rounds of
mural table tennis are due Fridav,
Feb. 5.
First ol the regular biweekly
wrestling matches will be held next
Tuesday night; those interested in
wrestling may sign up any time
before (J tonight.
The first and second rounds of
mural table tennis are due Fridav,
Feb. 5.
First ol the regular biweekly
wrestling matches will be held next
Tuesday night; those interested in
wrestling may sign up any time
before (J tonight.
The first and second rounds of
mural table tennis are due Fridav,
Feb. 5.
