# Prize Offered For Best History Essay
## 
### 
The Society of Colonial Dames is
offering a $100 prize for the best
essay written by a Stanford under
graduate on any subject dealing
with American colonial history.
Essays should be less than 10,000
words in length, typewritten and in
duplicate. The deadline for sub
mission is April 1, 1954.
All students interested in entering
this contest, are asked to consult
Professor John C. Miller of the His
tory Department.
The Society of Colonial Dames is
offering a $100 prize for the best
essay written by a Stanford under
graduate on any subject dealing
with American colonial history.
Essays should be less than 10,000
words in length, typewritten and in
duplicate. The deadline for sub
mission is April 1, 1954.
All students interested in entering
this contest, are asked to consult
Professor John C. Miller of the His
tory Department.
The Society of Colonial Dames is
offering a $100 prize for the best
essay written by a Stanford under
graduate on any subject dealing
with American colonial history.
Essays should be less than 10,000
words in length, typewritten and in
duplicate. The deadline for sub
mission is April 1, 1954.
All students interested in entering
this contest, are asked to consult
Professor John C. Miller of the His
tory Department.
The Society of Colonial Dames is
offering a $100 prize for the best
essay written by a Stanford under
graduate on any subject dealing
with American colonial history.
Essays should be less than 10,000
words in length, typewritten and in
duplicate. The deadline for sub
mission is April 1, 1954.
All students interested in entering
this contest, are asked to consult
Professor John C. Miller of the His
tory Department.
The Society of Colonial Dames is
offering a $100 prize for the best
essay written by a Stanford under
graduate on any subject dealing
with American colonial history.
Essays should be less than 10,000
words in length, typewritten and in
duplicate. The deadline for sub
mission is April 1, 1954.
All students interested in entering
this contest, are asked to consult
Professor John C. Miller of the His
tory Department.
The Society of Colonial Dames is
offering a $100 prize for the best
essay written by a Stanford under
graduate on any subject dealing
with American colonial history.
Essays should be less than 10,000
words in length, typewritten and in
duplicate. The deadline for sub
mission is April 1, 1954.
All students interested in entering
this contest, are asked to consult
Professor John C. Miller of the His
tory Department.
The Society of Colonial Dames is
offering a $100 prize for the best
essay written by a Stanford under
graduate on any subject dealing
with American colonial history.
Essays should be less than 10,000
words in length, typewritten and in
duplicate. The deadline for sub
mission is April 1, 1954.
All students interested in entering
this contest, are asked to consult
Professor John C. Miller of the His
tory Department.
The Society of Colonial Dames is
offering a $100 prize for the best
essay written by a Stanford under
graduate on any subject dealing
with American colonial history.
Essays should be less than 10,000
words in length, typewritten and in
duplicate. The deadline for sub
mission is April 1, 1954.
All students interested in entering
this contest, are asked to consult
Professor John C. Miller of the His
tory Department.
The Society of Colonial Dames is
offering a $100 prize for the best
essay written by a Stanford under
graduate on any subject dealing
with American colonial history.
Essays should be less than 10,000
words in length, typewritten and in
duplicate. The deadline for sub
mission is April 1, 1954.
All students interested in entering
this contest, are asked to consult
Professor John C. Miller of the His
tory Department.
The Society of Colonial Dames is
offering a $100 prize for the best
essay written by a Stanford under
graduate on any subject dealing
with American colonial history.
Essays should be less than 10,000
words in length, typewritten and in
duplicate. The deadline for sub
mission is April 1, 1954.
All students interested in entering
this contest, are asked to consult
Professor John C. Miller of the His
tory Department.
The Society of Colonial Dames is
offering a $100 prize for the best
essay written by a Stanford under
graduate on any subject dealing
with American colonial history.
Essays should be less than 10,000
words in length, typewritten and in
duplicate. The deadline for sub
mission is April 1, 1954.
All students interested in entering
this contest, are asked to consult
Professor John C. Miller of the His
tory Department.
The Society of Colonial Dames is
offering a $100 prize for the best
essay written by a Stanford under
graduate on any subject dealing
with American colonial history.
Essays should be less than 10,000
words in length, typewritten and in
duplicate. The deadline for sub
mission is April 1, 1954.
All students interested in entering
this contest, are asked to consult
Professor John C. Miller of the His
tory Department.
The Society of Colonial Dames is
offering a $100 prize for the best
essay written by a Stanford under
graduate on any subject dealing
with American colonial history.
Essays should be less than 10,000
words in length, typewritten and in
duplicate. The deadline for sub
mission is April 1, 1954.
All students interested in entering
this contest, are asked to consult
Professor John C. Miller of the His
tory Department.
The Society of Colonial Dames is
offering a $100 prize for the best
essay written by a Stanford under
graduate on any subject dealing
with American colonial history.
Essays should be less than 10,000
words in length, typewritten and in
duplicate. The deadline for sub
mission is April 1, 1954.
All students interested in entering
this contest, are asked to consult
Professor John C. Miller of the His
tory Department.
