# ASSEMBLY TO HEAR PRESIDENT WILBUR ON ORIENTAL TRIP
## 
### 
"Observations in the Orient" will be
the subject of Dr. Wilbur's talk to
morrow at the quarterly A.S.S.U. as
sembly, to be held at 10 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall. He will give some
impressions of student affairs in the
Far East.
Dr. Wilbur returned at the end of
December from a trip to the Orient,
during which he attended the Pan-
Pacific Science Congress in Tokyo and
visited various educational institutions
in Japan, China, Manchuria, and
Korea.
Among the souvenirs of his trip
which Dr. Wilbur brought back with
him is a Chinese examination paper
written 150' years ago. It won first
prize in a yearly competition held
throughout China, the author having
composed a poem on a theme from
Confucius and transcribed it on the
official examination sheet —a piece of
heavy paper folded several times —
while seated on the uoor in the cus
tomary fashion. The corrector's signa
ture appears on the manuscript in
several places; the poem itself is
carefully written in Chinese charac
ters.
Dr. Wilbur also has an invitation to
deliver an address which he received
from one of the prominent Chinese
educators; it is a piece of thin paper
folded lengthwise and containing the
formal invitation, without which no
speaker can be considered as being
properly invited. He also received a
box of specially made cigars from a
Chinese general, and had a picture
painted especially for him by the load
ing Chinese artist. It. is a panel in
water colors illustrating a text from
Confucius.
"Observations in the Orient" will be
the subject of Dr. Wilbur's talk to
morrow at the quarterly A.S.S.U. as
sembly, to be held at 10 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall. He will give some
impressions of student affairs in the
Far East.
Dr. Wilbur returned at the end of
December from a trip to the Orient,
during which he attended the Pan-
Pacific Science Congress in Tokyo and
visited various educational institutions
in Japan, China, Manchuria, and
Korea.
Among the souvenirs of his trip
which Dr. Wilbur brought back with
him is a Chinese examination paper
written 150' years ago. It won first
prize in a yearly competition held
throughout China, the author having
composed a poem on a theme from
Confucius and transcribed it on the
official examination sheet —a piece of
heavy paper folded several times —
while seated on the uoor in the cus
tomary fashion. The corrector's signa
ture appears on the manuscript in
several places; the poem itself is
carefully written in Chinese charac
ters.
Dr. Wilbur also has an invitation to
deliver an address which he received
from one of the prominent Chinese
educators; it is a piece of thin paper
folded lengthwise and containing the
formal invitation, without which no
speaker can be considered as being
properly invited. He also received a
box of specially made cigars from a
Chinese general, and had a picture
painted especially for him by the load
ing Chinese artist. It. is a panel in
water colors illustrating a text from
Confucius.
"Observations in the Orient" will be
the subject of Dr. Wilbur's talk to
morrow at the quarterly A.S.S.U. as
sembly, to be held at 10 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall. He will give some
impressions of student affairs in the
Far East.
Dr. Wilbur returned at the end of
December from a trip to the Orient,
during which he attended the Pan-
Pacific Science Congress in Tokyo and
visited various educational institutions
in Japan, China, Manchuria, and
Korea.
Among the souvenirs of his trip
which Dr. Wilbur brought back with
him is a Chinese examination paper
written 150' years ago. It won first
prize in a yearly competition held
throughout China, the author having
composed a poem on a theme from
Confucius and transcribed it on the
official examination sheet —a piece of
heavy paper folded several times —
while seated on the uoor in the cus
tomary fashion. The corrector's signa
ture appears on the manuscript in
several places; the poem itself is
carefully written in Chinese charac
ters.
Dr. Wilbur also has an invitation to
deliver an address which he received
from one of the prominent Chinese
educators; it is a piece of thin paper
folded lengthwise and containing the
formal invitation, without which no
speaker can be considered as being
properly invited. He also received a
box of specially made cigars from a
Chinese general, and had a picture
painted especially for him by the load
ing Chinese artist. It. is a panel in
water colors illustrating a text from
Confucius.
"Observations in the Orient" will be
the subject of Dr. Wilbur's talk to
morrow at the quarterly A.S.S.U. as
sembly, to be held at 10 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall. He will give some
impressions of student affairs in the
Far East.
Dr. Wilbur returned at the end of
December from a trip to the Orient,
during which he attended the Pan-
Pacific Science Congress in Tokyo and
visited various educational institutions
in Japan, China, Manchuria, and
Korea.
Among the souvenirs of his trip
which Dr. Wilbur brought back with
him is a Chinese examination paper
written 150' years ago. It won first
prize in a yearly competition held
throughout China, the author having
composed a poem on a theme from
Confucius and transcribed it on the
official examination sheet —a piece of
heavy paper folded several times —
while seated on the uoor in the cus
tomary fashion. The corrector's signa
ture appears on the manuscript in
several places; the poem itself is
carefully written in Chinese charac
ters.
Dr. Wilbur also has an invitation to
deliver an address which he received
from one of the prominent Chinese
educators; it is a piece of thin paper
folded lengthwise and containing the
formal invitation, without which no
speaker can be considered as being
properly invited. He also received a
box of specially made cigars from a
Chinese general, and had a picture
painted especially for him by the load
ing Chinese artist. It. is a panel in
water colors illustrating a text from
Confucius.
"Observations in the Orient" will be
the subject of Dr. Wilbur's talk to
morrow at the quarterly A.S.S.U. as
sembly, to be held at 10 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall. He will give some
impressions of student affairs in the
Far East.
Dr. Wilbur returned at the end of
December from a trip to the Orient,
during which he attended the Pan-
Pacific Science Congress in Tokyo and
visited various educational institutions
in Japan, China, Manchuria, and
Korea.
Among the souvenirs of his trip
which Dr. Wilbur brought back with
him is a Chinese examination paper
written 150' years ago. It won first
prize in a yearly competition held
throughout China, the author having
composed a poem on a theme from
Confucius and transcribed it on the
official examination sheet —a piece of
heavy paper folded several times —
while seated on the uoor in the cus
tomary fashion. The corrector's signa
ture appears on the manuscript in
several places; the poem itself is
carefully written in Chinese charac
ters.
Dr. Wilbur also has an invitation to
deliver an address which he received
from one of the prominent Chinese
educators; it is a piece of thin paper
folded lengthwise and containing the
formal invitation, without which no
speaker can be considered as being
properly invited. He also received a
box of specially made cigars from a
Chinese general, and had a picture
painted especially for him by the load
ing Chinese artist. It. is a panel in
water colors illustrating a text from
Confucius.
"Observations in the Orient" will be
the subject of Dr. Wilbur's talk to
morrow at the quarterly A.S.S.U. as
sembly, to be held at 10 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall. He will give some
impressions of student affairs in the
Far East.
Dr. Wilbur returned at the end of
December from a trip to the Orient,
during which he attended the Pan-
Pacific Science Congress in Tokyo and
visited various educational institutions
in Japan, China, Manchuria, and
Korea.
Among the souvenirs of his trip
which Dr. Wilbur brought back with
him is a Chinese examination paper
written 150' years ago. It won first
prize in a yearly competition held
throughout China, the author having
composed a poem on a theme from
Confucius and transcribed it on the
official examination sheet —a piece of
heavy paper folded several times —
while seated on the uoor in the cus
tomary fashion. The corrector's signa
ture appears on the manuscript in
several places; the poem itself is
carefully written in Chinese charac
ters.
Dr. Wilbur also has an invitation to
deliver an address which he received
from one of the prominent Chinese
educators; it is a piece of thin paper
folded lengthwise and containing the
formal invitation, without which no
speaker can be considered as being
properly invited. He also received a
box of specially made cigars from a
Chinese general, and had a picture
painted especially for him by the load
ing Chinese artist. It. is a panel in
water colors illustrating a text from
Confucius.
"Observations in the Orient" will be
the subject of Dr. Wilbur's talk to
morrow at the quarterly A.S.S.U. as
sembly, to be held at 10 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall. He will give some
impressions of student affairs in the
Far East.
Dr. Wilbur returned at the end of
December from a trip to the Orient,
during which he attended the Pan-
Pacific Science Congress in Tokyo and
visited various educational institutions
in Japan, China, Manchuria, and
Korea.
Among the souvenirs of his trip
which Dr. Wilbur brought back with
him is a Chinese examination paper
written 150' years ago. It won first
prize in a yearly competition held
throughout China, the author having
composed a poem on a theme from
Confucius and transcribed it on the
official examination sheet —a piece of
heavy paper folded several times —
while seated on the uoor in the cus
tomary fashion. The corrector's signa
ture appears on the manuscript in
several places; the poem itself is
carefully written in Chinese charac
ters.
Dr. Wilbur also has an invitation to
deliver an address which he received
from one of the prominent Chinese
educators; it is a piece of thin paper
folded lengthwise and containing the
formal invitation, without which no
speaker can be considered as being
properly invited. He also received a
box of specially made cigars from a
Chinese general, and had a picture
painted especially for him by the load
ing Chinese artist. It. is a panel in
water colors illustrating a text from
Confucius.
"Observations in the Orient" will be
the subject of Dr. Wilbur's talk to
morrow at the quarterly A.S.S.U. as
sembly, to be held at 10 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall. He will give some
impressions of student affairs in the
Far East.
Dr. Wilbur returned at the end of
December from a trip to the Orient,
during which he attended the Pan-
Pacific Science Congress in Tokyo and
visited various educational institutions
in Japan, China, Manchuria, and
Korea.
Among the souvenirs of his trip
which Dr. Wilbur brought back with
him is a Chinese examination paper
written 150' years ago. It won first
prize in a yearly competition held
throughout China, the author having
composed a poem on a theme from
Confucius and transcribed it on the
official examination sheet —a piece of
heavy paper folded several times —
while seated on the uoor in the cus
tomary fashion. The corrector's signa
ture appears on the manuscript in
several places; the poem itself is
carefully written in Chinese charac
ters.
Dr. Wilbur also has an invitation to
deliver an address which he received
from one of the prominent Chinese
educators; it is a piece of thin paper
folded lengthwise and containing the
formal invitation, without which no
speaker can be considered as being
properly invited. He also received a
box of specially made cigars from a
Chinese general, and had a picture
painted especially for him by the load
ing Chinese artist. It. is a panel in
water colors illustrating a text from
Confucius.
"Observations in the Orient" will be
the subject of Dr. Wilbur's talk to
morrow at the quarterly A.S.S.U. as
sembly, to be held at 10 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall. He will give some
impressions of student affairs in the
Far East.
Dr. Wilbur returned at the end of
December from a trip to the Orient,
during which he attended the Pan-
Pacific Science Congress in Tokyo and
visited various educational institutions
in Japan, China, Manchuria, and
Korea.
Among the souvenirs of his trip
which Dr. Wilbur brought back with
him is a Chinese examination paper
written 150' years ago. It won first
prize in a yearly competition held
throughout China, the author having
composed a poem on a theme from
Confucius and transcribed it on the
official examination sheet —a piece of
heavy paper folded several times —
while seated on the uoor in the cus
tomary fashion. The corrector's signa
ture appears on the manuscript in
several places; the poem itself is
carefully written in Chinese charac
ters.
Dr. Wilbur also has an invitation to
deliver an address which he received
from one of the prominent Chinese
educators; it is a piece of thin paper
folded lengthwise and containing the
formal invitation, without which no
speaker can be considered as being
properly invited. He also received a
box of specially made cigars from a
Chinese general, and had a picture
painted especially for him by the load
ing Chinese artist. It. is a panel in
water colors illustrating a text from
Confucius.
"Observations in the Orient" will be
the subject of Dr. Wilbur's talk to
morrow at the quarterly A.S.S.U. as
sembly, to be held at 10 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall. He will give some
impressions of student affairs in the
Far East.
Dr. Wilbur returned at the end of
December from a trip to the Orient,
during which he attended the Pan-
Pacific Science Congress in Tokyo and
visited various educational institutions
in Japan, China, Manchuria, and
Korea.
Among the souvenirs of his trip
which Dr. Wilbur brought back with
him is a Chinese examination paper
written 150' years ago. It won first
prize in a yearly competition held
throughout China, the author having
composed a poem on a theme from
Confucius and transcribed it on the
official examination sheet —a piece of
heavy paper folded several times —
while seated on the uoor in the cus
tomary fashion. The corrector's signa
ture appears on the manuscript in
several places; the poem itself is
carefully written in Chinese charac
ters.
Dr. Wilbur also has an invitation to
deliver an address which he received
from one of the prominent Chinese
educators; it is a piece of thin paper
folded lengthwise and containing the
formal invitation, without which no
speaker can be considered as being
properly invited. He also received a
box of specially made cigars from a
Chinese general, and had a picture
painted especially for him by the load
ing Chinese artist. It. is a panel in
water colors illustrating a text from
Confucius.
"Observations in the Orient" will be
the subject of Dr. Wilbur's talk to
morrow at the quarterly A.S.S.U. as
sembly, to be held at 10 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall. He will give some
impressions of student affairs in the
Far East.
Dr. Wilbur returned at the end of
December from a trip to the Orient,
during which he attended the Pan-
Pacific Science Congress in Tokyo and
visited various educational institutions
in Japan, China, Manchuria, and
Korea.
Among the souvenirs of his trip
which Dr. Wilbur brought back with
him is a Chinese examination paper
written 150' years ago. It won first
prize in a yearly competition held
throughout China, the author having
composed a poem on a theme from
Confucius and transcribed it on the
official examination sheet —a piece of
heavy paper folded several times —
while seated on the uoor in the cus
tomary fashion. The corrector's signa
ture appears on the manuscript in
several places; the poem itself is
carefully written in Chinese charac
ters.
Dr. Wilbur also has an invitation to
deliver an address which he received
from one of the prominent Chinese
educators; it is a piece of thin paper
folded lengthwise and containing the
formal invitation, without which no
speaker can be considered as being
properly invited. He also received a
box of specially made cigars from a
Chinese general, and had a picture
painted especially for him by the load
ing Chinese artist. It. is a panel in
water colors illustrating a text from
Confucius.
"Observations in the Orient" will be
the subject of Dr. Wilbur's talk to
morrow at the quarterly A.S.S.U. as
sembly, to be held at 10 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall. He will give some
impressions of student affairs in the
Far East.
Dr. Wilbur returned at the end of
December from a trip to the Orient,
during which he attended the Pan-
Pacific Science Congress in Tokyo and
visited various educational institutions
in Japan, China, Manchuria, and
Korea.
Among the souvenirs of his trip
which Dr. Wilbur brought back with
him is a Chinese examination paper
written 150' years ago. It won first
prize in a yearly competition held
throughout China, the author having
composed a poem on a theme from
Confucius and transcribed it on the
official examination sheet —a piece of
heavy paper folded several times —
while seated on the uoor in the cus
tomary fashion. The corrector's signa
ture appears on the manuscript in
several places; the poem itself is
carefully written in Chinese charac
ters.
Dr. Wilbur also has an invitation to
deliver an address which he received
from one of the prominent Chinese
educators; it is a piece of thin paper
folded lengthwise and containing the
formal invitation, without which no
speaker can be considered as being
properly invited. He also received a
box of specially made cigars from a
Chinese general, and had a picture
painted especially for him by the load
ing Chinese artist. It. is a panel in
water colors illustrating a text from
Confucius.
"Observations in the Orient" will be
the subject of Dr. Wilbur's talk to
morrow at the quarterly A.S.S.U. as
sembly, to be held at 10 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall. He will give some
impressions of student affairs in the
Far East.
Dr. Wilbur returned at the end of
December from a trip to the Orient,
during which he attended the Pan-
Pacific Science Congress in Tokyo and
visited various educational institutions
in Japan, China, Manchuria, and
Korea.
Among the souvenirs of his trip
which Dr. Wilbur brought back with
him is a Chinese examination paper
written 150' years ago. It won first
prize in a yearly competition held
throughout China, the author having
composed a poem on a theme from
Confucius and transcribed it on the
official examination sheet —a piece of
heavy paper folded several times —
while seated on the uoor in the cus
tomary fashion. The corrector's signa
ture appears on the manuscript in
several places; the poem itself is
carefully written in Chinese charac
ters.
Dr. Wilbur also has an invitation to
deliver an address which he received
from one of the prominent Chinese
educators; it is a piece of thin paper
folded lengthwise and containing the
formal invitation, without which no
speaker can be considered as being
properly invited. He also received a
box of specially made cigars from a
Chinese general, and had a picture
painted especially for him by the load
ing Chinese artist. It. is a panel in
water colors illustrating a text from
Confucius.
"Observations in the Orient" will be
the subject of Dr. Wilbur's talk to
morrow at the quarterly A.S.S.U. as
sembly, to be held at 10 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall. He will give some
impressions of student affairs in the
Far East.
Dr. Wilbur returned at the end of
December from a trip to the Orient,
during which he attended the Pan-
Pacific Science Congress in Tokyo and
visited various educational institutions
in Japan, China, Manchuria, and
Korea.
Among the souvenirs of his trip
which Dr. Wilbur brought back with
him is a Chinese examination paper
written 150' years ago. It won first
prize in a yearly competition held
throughout China, the author having
composed a poem on a theme from
Confucius and transcribed it on the
official examination sheet —a piece of
heavy paper folded several times —
while seated on the uoor in the cus
tomary fashion. The corrector's signa
ture appears on the manuscript in
several places; the poem itself is
carefully written in Chinese charac
ters.
Dr. Wilbur also has an invitation to
deliver an address which he received
from one of the prominent Chinese
educators; it is a piece of thin paper
folded lengthwise and containing the
formal invitation, without which no
speaker can be considered as being
properly invited. He also received a
box of specially made cigars from a
Chinese general, and had a picture
painted especially for him by the load
ing Chinese artist. It. is a panel in
water colors illustrating a text from
Confucius.
"Observations in the Orient" will be
the subject of Dr. Wilbur's talk to
morrow at the quarterly A.S.S.U. as
sembly, to be held at 10 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall. He will give some
impressions of student affairs in the
Far East.
Dr. Wilbur returned at the end of
December from a trip to the Orient,
during which he attended the Pan-
Pacific Science Congress in Tokyo and
visited various educational institutions
in Japan, China, Manchuria, and
Korea.
Among the souvenirs of his trip
which Dr. Wilbur brought back with
him is a Chinese examination paper
written 150' years ago. It won first
prize in a yearly competition held
throughout China, the author having
composed a poem on a theme from
Confucius and transcribed it on the
official examination sheet —a piece of
heavy paper folded several times —
while seated on the uoor in the cus
tomary fashion. The corrector's signa
ture appears on the manuscript in
several places; the poem itself is
carefully written in Chinese charac
ters.
Dr. Wilbur also has an invitation to
deliver an address which he received
from one of the prominent Chinese
educators; it is a piece of thin paper
folded lengthwise and containing the
formal invitation, without which no
speaker can be considered as being
properly invited. He also received a
box of specially made cigars from a
Chinese general, and had a picture
painted especially for him by the load
ing Chinese artist. It. is a panel in
water colors illustrating a text from
Confucius.
