# MOTHERS CLUB GETS ANONYMOUS DONATION
## 
### 
A donation of $100 was made anony
mously to the Mothers Club for the
purpose of a scholarship at a meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse yesterday
afternoon. The gift was enclosed in
an envelope addressed to the presi
dent, Mrs. John C. Branner, and the
note accompanying the cheque was
signed "A Mother," with instructions
that the money be used for aiding
some student of the University. _It
was received with a rising vote of
thanks to the donor on the part of
the Club.
Dr. David Starr Jordan was the
speaker of the afternoon, addressing
a group of over one hundred and fifty
women. His talk was on the "Early
Founders of the University." The
meeting was partially in honor of his
birthday today.
A donation of $100 was made anony
mously to the Mothers Club for the
purpose of a scholarship at a meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse yesterday
afternoon. The gift was enclosed in
an envelope addressed to the presi
dent, Mrs. John C. Branner, and the
note accompanying the cheque was
signed "A Mother," with instructions
that the money be used for aiding
some student of the University. _It
was received with a rising vote of
thanks to the donor on the part of
the Club.
Dr. David Starr Jordan was the
speaker of the afternoon, addressing
a group of over one hundred and fifty
women. His talk was on the "Early
Founders of the University." The
meeting was partially in honor of his
birthday today.
A donation of $100 was made anony
mously to the Mothers Club for the
purpose of a scholarship at a meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse yesterday
afternoon. The gift was enclosed in
an envelope addressed to the presi
dent, Mrs. John C. Branner, and the
note accompanying the cheque was
signed "A Mother," with instructions
that the money be used for aiding
some student of the University. _It
was received with a rising vote of
thanks to the donor on the part of
the Club.
Dr. David Starr Jordan was the
speaker of the afternoon, addressing
a group of over one hundred and fifty
women. His talk was on the "Early
Founders of the University." The
meeting was partially in honor of his
birthday today.
A donation of $100 was made anony
mously to the Mothers Club for the
purpose of a scholarship at a meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse yesterday
afternoon. The gift was enclosed in
an envelope addressed to the presi
dent, Mrs. John C. Branner, and the
note accompanying the cheque was
signed "A Mother," with instructions
that the money be used for aiding
some student of the University. _It
was received with a rising vote of
thanks to the donor on the part of
the Club.
Dr. David Starr Jordan was the
speaker of the afternoon, addressing
a group of over one hundred and fifty
women. His talk was on the "Early
Founders of the University." The
meeting was partially in honor of his
birthday today.
A donation of $100 was made anony
mously to the Mothers Club for the
purpose of a scholarship at a meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse yesterday
afternoon. The gift was enclosed in
an envelope addressed to the presi
dent, Mrs. John C. Branner, and the
note accompanying the cheque was
signed "A Mother," with instructions
that the money be used for aiding
some student of the University. _It
was received with a rising vote of
thanks to the donor on the part of
the Club.
Dr. David Starr Jordan was the
speaker of the afternoon, addressing
a group of over one hundred and fifty
women. His talk was on the "Early
Founders of the University." The
meeting was partially in honor of his
birthday today.
A donation of $100 was made anony
mously to the Mothers Club for the
purpose of a scholarship at a meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse yesterday
afternoon. The gift was enclosed in
an envelope addressed to the presi
dent, Mrs. John C. Branner, and the
note accompanying the cheque was
signed "A Mother," with instructions
that the money be used for aiding
some student of the University. _It
was received with a rising vote of
thanks to the donor on the part of
the Club.
Dr. David Starr Jordan was the
speaker of the afternoon, addressing
a group of over one hundred and fifty
women. His talk was on the "Early
Founders of the University." The
meeting was partially in honor of his
birthday today.
A donation of $100 was made anony
mously to the Mothers Club for the
purpose of a scholarship at a meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse yesterday
afternoon. The gift was enclosed in
an envelope addressed to the presi
dent, Mrs. John C. Branner, and the
note accompanying the cheque was
signed "A Mother," with instructions
that the money be used for aiding
some student of the University. _It
was received with a rising vote of
thanks to the donor on the part of
the Club.
Dr. David Starr Jordan was the
speaker of the afternoon, addressing
a group of over one hundred and fifty
women. His talk was on the "Early
Founders of the University." The
meeting was partially in honor of his
birthday today.
A donation of $100 was made anony
mously to the Mothers Club for the
purpose of a scholarship at a meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse yesterday
afternoon. The gift was enclosed in
an envelope addressed to the presi
dent, Mrs. John C. Branner, and the
note accompanying the cheque was
signed "A Mother," with instructions
that the money be used for aiding
some student of the University. _It
was received with a rising vote of
thanks to the donor on the part of
the Club.
Dr. David Starr Jordan was the
speaker of the afternoon, addressing
a group of over one hundred and fifty
women. His talk was on the "Early
Founders of the University." The
meeting was partially in honor of his
birthday today.
A donation of $100 was made anony
mously to the Mothers Club for the
purpose of a scholarship at a meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse yesterday
afternoon. The gift was enclosed in
an envelope addressed to the presi
dent, Mrs. John C. Branner, and the
note accompanying the cheque was
signed "A Mother," with instructions
that the money be used for aiding
some student of the University. _It
was received with a rising vote of
thanks to the donor on the part of
the Club.
Dr. David Starr Jordan was the
speaker of the afternoon, addressing
a group of over one hundred and fifty
women. His talk was on the "Early
Founders of the University." The
meeting was partially in honor of his
birthday today.
A donation of $100 was made anony
mously to the Mothers Club for the
purpose of a scholarship at a meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse yesterday
afternoon. The gift was enclosed in
an envelope addressed to the presi
dent, Mrs. John C. Branner, and the
note accompanying the cheque was
signed "A Mother," with instructions
that the money be used for aiding
some student of the University. _It
was received with a rising vote of
thanks to the donor on the part of
the Club.
Dr. David Starr Jordan was the
speaker of the afternoon, addressing
a group of over one hundred and fifty
women. His talk was on the "Early
Founders of the University." The
meeting was partially in honor of his
birthday today.
A donation of $100 was made anony
mously to the Mothers Club for the
purpose of a scholarship at a meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse yesterday
afternoon. The gift was enclosed in
an envelope addressed to the presi
dent, Mrs. John C. Branner, and the
note accompanying the cheque was
signed "A Mother," with instructions
that the money be used for aiding
some student of the University. _It
was received with a rising vote of
thanks to the donor on the part of
the Club.
Dr. David Starr Jordan was the
speaker of the afternoon, addressing
a group of over one hundred and fifty
women. His talk was on the "Early
Founders of the University." The
meeting was partially in honor of his
birthday today.
A donation of $100 was made anony
mously to the Mothers Club for the
purpose of a scholarship at a meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse yesterday
afternoon. The gift was enclosed in
an envelope addressed to the presi
dent, Mrs. John C. Branner, and the
note accompanying the cheque was
signed "A Mother," with instructions
that the money be used for aiding
some student of the University. _It
was received with a rising vote of
thanks to the donor on the part of
the Club.
Dr. David Starr Jordan was the
speaker of the afternoon, addressing
a group of over one hundred and fifty
women. His talk was on the "Early
Founders of the University." The
meeting was partially in honor of his
birthday today.
A donation of $100 was made anony
mously to the Mothers Club for the
purpose of a scholarship at a meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse yesterday
afternoon. The gift was enclosed in
an envelope addressed to the presi
dent, Mrs. John C. Branner, and the
note accompanying the cheque was
signed "A Mother," with instructions
that the money be used for aiding
some student of the University. _It
was received with a rising vote of
thanks to the donor on the part of
the Club.
Dr. David Starr Jordan was the
speaker of the afternoon, addressing
a group of over one hundred and fifty
women. His talk was on the "Early
Founders of the University." The
meeting was partially in honor of his
birthday today.
A donation of $100 was made anony
mously to the Mothers Club for the
purpose of a scholarship at a meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse yesterday
afternoon. The gift was enclosed in
an envelope addressed to the presi
dent, Mrs. John C. Branner, and the
note accompanying the cheque was
signed "A Mother," with instructions
that the money be used for aiding
some student of the University. _It
was received with a rising vote of
thanks to the donor on the part of
the Club.
Dr. David Starr Jordan was the
speaker of the afternoon, addressing
a group of over one hundred and fifty
women. His talk was on the "Early
Founders of the University." The
meeting was partially in honor of his
birthday today.
A donation of $100 was made anony
mously to the Mothers Club for the
purpose of a scholarship at a meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse yesterday
afternoon. The gift was enclosed in
an envelope addressed to the presi
dent, Mrs. John C. Branner, and the
note accompanying the cheque was
signed "A Mother," with instructions
that the money be used for aiding
some student of the University. _It
was received with a rising vote of
thanks to the donor on the part of
the Club.
Dr. David Starr Jordan was the
speaker of the afternoon, addressing
a group of over one hundred and fifty
women. His talk was on the "Early
Founders of the University." The
meeting was partially in honor of his
birthday today.
