# First Citizenship Lecture Given in Assembly Hall
## 
### 
Temporary repairs on the ceiling of
the Assembly Hall having been com
pleted, Professor Victor J. West gave
the first citizenship lecture of the
winter quarter yesterday. The first
two talks scheduled for the past two
weeks were omitted because of the
repair work being done, but the topics
to have been covered in these lectures
are being handled in the various sec
tions by the class instructors.
Temporary repairs on the ceiling of
the Assembly Hall having been com
pleted, Professor Victor J. West gave
the first citizenship lecture of the
winter quarter yesterday. The first
two talks scheduled for the past two
weeks were omitted because of the
repair work being done, but the topics
to have been covered in these lectures
are being handled in the various sec
tions by the class instructors.
Temporary repairs on the ceiling of
the Assembly Hall having been com
pleted, Professor Victor J. West gave
the first citizenship lecture of the
winter quarter yesterday. The first
two talks scheduled for the past two
weeks were omitted because of the
repair work being done, but the topics
to have been covered in these lectures
are being handled in the various sec
tions by the class instructors.
Temporary repairs on the ceiling of
the Assembly Hall having been com
pleted, Professor Victor J. West gave
the first citizenship lecture of the
winter quarter yesterday. The first
two talks scheduled for the past two
weeks were omitted because of the
repair work being done, but the topics
to have been covered in these lectures
are being handled in the various sec
tions by the class instructors.
Temporary repairs on the ceiling of
the Assembly Hall having been com
pleted, Professor Victor J. West gave
the first citizenship lecture of the
winter quarter yesterday. The first
two talks scheduled for the past two
weeks were omitted because of the
repair work being done, but the topics
to have been covered in these lectures
are being handled in the various sec
tions by the class instructors.
Temporary repairs on the ceiling of
the Assembly Hall having been com
pleted, Professor Victor J. West gave
the first citizenship lecture of the
winter quarter yesterday. The first
two talks scheduled for the past two
weeks were omitted because of the
repair work being done, but the topics
to have been covered in these lectures
are being handled in the various sec
tions by the class instructors.
Temporary repairs on the ceiling of
the Assembly Hall having been com
pleted, Professor Victor J. West gave
the first citizenship lecture of the
winter quarter yesterday. The first
two talks scheduled for the past two
weeks were omitted because of the
repair work being done, but the topics
to have been covered in these lectures
are being handled in the various sec
tions by the class instructors.
Temporary repairs on the ceiling of
the Assembly Hall having been com
pleted, Professor Victor J. West gave
the first citizenship lecture of the
winter quarter yesterday. The first
two talks scheduled for the past two
weeks were omitted because of the
repair work being done, but the topics
to have been covered in these lectures
are being handled in the various sec
tions by the class instructors.
Temporary repairs on the ceiling of
the Assembly Hall having been com
pleted, Professor Victor J. West gave
the first citizenship lecture of the
winter quarter yesterday. The first
two talks scheduled for the past two
weeks were omitted because of the
repair work being done, but the topics
to have been covered in these lectures
are being handled in the various sec
tions by the class instructors.
Temporary repairs on the ceiling of
the Assembly Hall having been com
pleted, Professor Victor J. West gave
the first citizenship lecture of the
winter quarter yesterday. The first
two talks scheduled for the past two
weeks were omitted because of the
repair work being done, but the topics
to have been covered in these lectures
are being handled in the various sec
tions by the class instructors.
Temporary repairs on the ceiling of
the Assembly Hall having been com
pleted, Professor Victor J. West gave
the first citizenship lecture of the
winter quarter yesterday. The first
two talks scheduled for the past two
weeks were omitted because of the
repair work being done, but the topics
to have been covered in these lectures
are being handled in the various sec
tions by the class instructors.
Temporary repairs on the ceiling of
the Assembly Hall having been com
pleted, Professor Victor J. West gave
the first citizenship lecture of the
winter quarter yesterday. The first
two talks scheduled for the past two
weeks were omitted because of the
repair work being done, but the topics
to have been covered in these lectures
are being handled in the various sec
tions by the class instructors.
Temporary repairs on the ceiling of
the Assembly Hall having been com
pleted, Professor Victor J. West gave
the first citizenship lecture of the
winter quarter yesterday. The first
two talks scheduled for the past two
weeks were omitted because of the
repair work being done, but the topics
to have been covered in these lectures
are being handled in the various sec
tions by the class instructors.
Temporary repairs on the ceiling of
the Assembly Hall having been com
pleted, Professor Victor J. West gave
the first citizenship lecture of the
winter quarter yesterday. The first
two talks scheduled for the past two
weeks were omitted because of the
repair work being done, but the topics
to have been covered in these lectures
are being handled in the various sec
tions by the class instructors.
Temporary repairs on the ceiling of
the Assembly Hall having been com
pleted, Professor Victor J. West gave
the first citizenship lecture of the
winter quarter yesterday. The first
two talks scheduled for the past two
weeks were omitted because of the
repair work being done, but the topics
to have been covered in these lectures
are being handled in the various sec
tions by the class instructors.
