# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
STARTS
Student Art* at Stanford is a
group of energetic Stanford stu
dents working together to pro
vide programs winch iffve the
cultural, educational and social
interest* of the Stanford com
munity
INFORMATION
For general campus. Tresidder
I'm on, ft Ray Area information
(including transit map* and
schedules) ( all 497-4.111 or
come to the second floor Infor
mation Onter Daily campus '
ftrots t.ipe W74KD6
RECREATION
I he Recreation Onter offers
14 howling lanes, pinh.ill
machines, pool tables league
pla\. intraimirals. tournaments.
not* ling *|>ecial* 497*431(1
STARTS
Student Art* at Stanford is a
group of energetic Stanford stu
dents working together to pro
vide programs winch iffve the
cultural, educational and social
interest* of the Stanford com
munity
INFORMATION
For general campus. Tresidder
I'm on, ft Ray Area information
(including transit map* and
schedules) ( all 497-4.111 or
come to the second floor Infor
mation Onter Daily campus '
ftrots t.ipe W74KD6
RECREATION
I he Recreation Onter offers
14 howling lanes, pinh.ill
machines, pool tables league
pla\. intraimirals. tournaments.
not* ling *|>ecial* 497*431(1
STARTS
Student Art* at Stanford is a
group of energetic Stanford stu
dents working together to pro
vide programs winch iffve the
cultural, educational and social
interest* of the Stanford com
munity
INFORMATION
For general campus. Tresidder
I'm on, ft Ray Area information
(including transit map* and
schedules) ( all 497-4.111 or
come to the second floor Infor
mation Onter Daily campus '
ftrots t.ipe W74KD6
RECREATION
I he Recreation Onter offers
14 howling lanes, pinh.ill
machines, pool tables league
pla\. intraimirals. tournaments.
not* ling *|>ecial* 497*431(1
STARTS
Student Art* at Stanford is a
group of energetic Stanford stu
dents working together to pro
vide programs winch iffve the
cultural, educational and social
interest* of the Stanford com
munity
INFORMATION
For general campus. Tresidder
I'm on, ft Ray Area information
(including transit map* and
schedules) ( all 497-4.111 or
come to the second floor Infor
mation Onter Daily campus '
ftrots t.ipe W74KD6
RECREATION
I he Recreation Onter offers
14 howling lanes, pinh.ill
machines, pool tables league
pla\. intraimirals. tournaments.
not* ling *|>ecial* 497*431(1
STARTS
Student Art* at Stanford is a
group of energetic Stanford stu
dents working together to pro
vide programs winch iffve the
cultural, educational and social
interest* of the Stanford com
munity
INFORMATION
For general campus. Tresidder
I'm on, ft Ray Area information
(including transit map* and
schedules) ( all 497-4.111 or
come to the second floor Infor
mation Onter Daily campus '
ftrots t.ipe W74KD6
RECREATION
I he Recreation Onter offers
14 howling lanes, pinh.ill
machines, pool tables league
pla\. intraimirals. tournaments.
not* ling *|>ecial* 497*431(1
STARTS
Student Art* at Stanford is a
group of energetic Stanford stu
dents working together to pro
vide programs winch iffve the
cultural, educational and social
interest* of the Stanford com
munity
INFORMATION
For general campus. Tresidder
I'm on, ft Ray Area information
(including transit map* and
schedules) ( all 497-4.111 or
come to the second floor Infor
mation Onter Daily campus '
ftrots t.ipe W74KD6
RECREATION
I he Recreation Onter offers
14 howling lanes, pinh.ill
machines, pool tables league
pla\. intraimirals. tournaments.
not* ling *|>ecial* 497*431(1
STARTS
Student Art* at Stanford is a
group of energetic Stanford stu
dents working together to pro
vide programs winch iffve the
cultural, educational and social
interest* of the Stanford com
munity
INFORMATION
For general campus. Tresidder
I'm on, ft Ray Area information
(including transit map* and
schedules) ( all 497-4.111 or
come to the second floor Infor
mation Onter Daily campus '
ftrots t.ipe W74KD6
RECREATION
I he Recreation Onter offers
14 howling lanes, pinh.ill
machines, pool tables league
pla\. intraimirals. tournaments.
not* ling *|>ecial* 497*431(1
STARTS
Student Art* at Stanford is a
group of energetic Stanford stu
dents working together to pro
vide programs winch iffve the
cultural, educational and social
interest* of the Stanford com
munity
INFORMATION
For general campus. Tresidder
I'm on, ft Ray Area information
(including transit map* and
schedules) ( all 497-4.111 or
come to the second floor Infor
mation Onter Daily campus '
ftrots t.ipe W74KD6
RECREATION
I he Recreation Onter offers
14 howling lanes, pinh.ill
machines, pool tables league
pla\. intraimirals. tournaments.
not* ling *|>ecial* 497*431(1
