# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Daily will hold its first
staff lunch of the summer today
at noon. It will be held in the
"shady grove" outside of the
Daily offices.
All staffers and potential staf
fers are urged to attend. For
those who require a bribe as in
centive, sandwiches will be
served. (But we know you would
come anyway.)
Suggestions and comments on
the first issue are encouraged.
And new writers, photographers
and staffers are welcomed en
thusiastically. (How's that for
intimidation?)
The Daily will hold its first
staff lunch of the summer today
at noon. It will be held in the
"shady grove" outside of the
Daily offices.
All staffers and potential staf
fers are urged to attend. For
those who require a bribe as in
centive, sandwiches will be
served. (But we know you would
come anyway.)
Suggestions and comments on
the first issue are encouraged.
And new writers, photographers
and staffers are welcomed en
thusiastically. (How's that for
intimidation?)
The Daily will hold its first
staff lunch of the summer today
at noon. It will be held in the
"shady grove" outside of the
Daily offices.
All staffers and potential staf
fers are urged to attend. For
those who require a bribe as in
centive, sandwiches will be
served. (But we know you would
come anyway.)
Suggestions and comments on
the first issue are encouraged.
And new writers, photographers
and staffers are welcomed en
thusiastically. (How's that for
intimidation?)
The Daily will hold its first
staff lunch of the summer today
at noon. It will be held in the
"shady grove" outside of the
Daily offices.
All staffers and potential staf
fers are urged to attend. For
those who require a bribe as in
centive, sandwiches will be
served. (But we know you would
come anyway.)
Suggestions and comments on
the first issue are encouraged.
And new writers, photographers
and staffers are welcomed en
thusiastically. (How's that for
intimidation?)
The Daily will hold its first
staff lunch of the summer today
at noon. It will be held in the
"shady grove" outside of the
Daily offices.
All staffers and potential staf
fers are urged to attend. For
those who require a bribe as in
centive, sandwiches will be
served. (But we know you would
come anyway.)
Suggestions and comments on
the first issue are encouraged.
And new writers, photographers
and staffers are welcomed en
thusiastically. (How's that for
intimidation?)
The Daily will hold its first
staff lunch of the summer today
at noon. It will be held in the
"shady grove" outside of the
Daily offices.
All staffers and potential staf
fers are urged to attend. For
those who require a bribe as in
centive, sandwiches will be
served. (But we know you would
come anyway.)
Suggestions and comments on
the first issue are encouraged.
And new writers, photographers
and staffers are welcomed en
thusiastically. (How's that for
intimidation?)
The Daily will hold its first
staff lunch of the summer today
at noon. It will be held in the
"shady grove" outside of the
Daily offices.
All staffers and potential staf
fers are urged to attend. For
those who require a bribe as in
centive, sandwiches will be
served. (But we know you would
come anyway.)
Suggestions and comments on
the first issue are encouraged.
And new writers, photographers
and staffers are welcomed en
thusiastically. (How's that for
intimidation?)
The Daily will hold its first
staff lunch of the summer today
at noon. It will be held in the
"shady grove" outside of the
Daily offices.
All staffers and potential staf
fers are urged to attend. For
those who require a bribe as in
centive, sandwiches will be
served. (But we know you would
come anyway.)
Suggestions and comments on
the first issue are encouraged.
And new writers, photographers
and staffers are welcomed en
thusiastically. (How's that for
intimidation?)
