# Ron Kennedy Elected Toyon Club President
## 
### 
Ron Kennedy, retiring managing
editor of the Daily, was elected
president of the Toyon Club last
night for the remainder of the
scholastic year. His opponent was
Gene Mires.
The vice-presidency was captured
by Bob Quinn, over George McKee.
Art Kehke won the office of secre
tary. Ben Wilcoxen was the losing
candidate.
Ron Kennedy, retiring managing
editor of the Daily, was elected
president of the Toyon Club last
night for the remainder of the
scholastic year. His opponent was
Gene Mires.
The vice-presidency was captured
by Bob Quinn, over George McKee.
Art Kehke won the office of secre
tary. Ben Wilcoxen was the losing
candidate.
Ron Kennedy, retiring managing
editor of the Daily, was elected
president of the Toyon Club last
night for the remainder of the
scholastic year. His opponent was
Gene Mires.
The vice-presidency was captured
by Bob Quinn, over George McKee.
Art Kehke won the office of secre
tary. Ben Wilcoxen was the losing
candidate.
Ron Kennedy, retiring managing
editor of the Daily, was elected
president of the Toyon Club last
night for the remainder of the
scholastic year. His opponent was
Gene Mires.
The vice-presidency was captured
by Bob Quinn, over George McKee.
Art Kehke won the office of secre
tary. Ben Wilcoxen was the losing
candidate.
Ron Kennedy, retiring managing
editor of the Daily, was elected
president of the Toyon Club last
night for the remainder of the
scholastic year. His opponent was
Gene Mires.
The vice-presidency was captured
by Bob Quinn, over George McKee.
Art Kehke won the office of secre
tary. Ben Wilcoxen was the losing
candidate.
Ron Kennedy, retiring managing
editor of the Daily, was elected
president of the Toyon Club last
night for the remainder of the
scholastic year. His opponent was
Gene Mires.
The vice-presidency was captured
by Bob Quinn, over George McKee.
Art Kehke won the office of secre
tary. Ben Wilcoxen was the losing
candidate.
Ron Kennedy, retiring managing
editor of the Daily, was elected
president of the Toyon Club last
night for the remainder of the
scholastic year. His opponent was
Gene Mires.
The vice-presidency was captured
by Bob Quinn, over George McKee.
Art Kehke won the office of secre
tary. Ben Wilcoxen was the losing
candidate.
Ron Kennedy, retiring managing
editor of the Daily, was elected
president of the Toyon Club last
night for the remainder of the
scholastic year. His opponent was
Gene Mires.
The vice-presidency was captured
by Bob Quinn, over George McKee.
Art Kehke won the office of secre
tary. Ben Wilcoxen was the losing
candidate.
Ron Kennedy, retiring managing
editor of the Daily, was elected
president of the Toyon Club last
night for the remainder of the
scholastic year. His opponent was
Gene Mires.
The vice-presidency was captured
by Bob Quinn, over George McKee.
Art Kehke won the office of secre
tary. Ben Wilcoxen was the losing
candidate.
Ron Kennedy, retiring managing
editor of the Daily, was elected
president of the Toyon Club last
night for the remainder of the
scholastic year. His opponent was
Gene Mires.
The vice-presidency was captured
by Bob Quinn, over George McKee.
Art Kehke won the office of secre
tary. Ben Wilcoxen was the losing
candidate.
Ron Kennedy, retiring managing
editor of the Daily, was elected
president of the Toyon Club last
night for the remainder of the
scholastic year. His opponent was
Gene Mires.
The vice-presidency was captured
by Bob Quinn, over George McKee.
Art Kehke won the office of secre
tary. Ben Wilcoxen was the losing
candidate.
Ron Kennedy, retiring managing
editor of the Daily, was elected
president of the Toyon Club last
night for the remainder of the
scholastic year. His opponent was
Gene Mires.
The vice-presidency was captured
by Bob Quinn, over George McKee.
Art Kehke won the office of secre
tary. Ben Wilcoxen was the losing
candidate.
Ron Kennedy, retiring managing
editor of the Daily, was elected
president of the Toyon Club last
night for the remainder of the
scholastic year. His opponent was
Gene Mires.
The vice-presidency was captured
by Bob Quinn, over George McKee.
Art Kehke won the office of secre
tary. Ben Wilcoxen was the losing
candidate.
Ron Kennedy, retiring managing
editor of the Daily, was elected
president of the Toyon Club last
night for the remainder of the
scholastic year. His opponent was
Gene Mires.
The vice-presidency was captured
by Bob Quinn, over George McKee.
Art Kehke won the office of secre
tary. Ben Wilcoxen was the losing
candidate.
