# ANNOUNCEMENTS
## 
### 
THURSDAY
7:30 p.m.—The English Club pre
sents UFA's "Othello" with Emil
Jannings, Werner Krauss, and Lya
de Putti. In the Assembly Hall.
General admission 35 cents; stu
dents 25c.
THURSDAY
7:30 p.m.—The English Club pre
sents UFA's "Othello" with Emil
Jannings, Werner Krauss, and Lya
de Putti. In the Assembly Hall.
General admission 35 cents; stu
dents 25c.
THURSDAY
7:30 p.m.—The English Club pre
sents UFA's "Othello" with Emil
Jannings, Werner Krauss, and Lya
de Putti. In the Assembly Hall.
General admission 35 cents; stu
dents 25c.
THURSDAY
7:30 p.m.—The English Club pre
sents UFA's "Othello" with Emil
Jannings, Werner Krauss, and Lya
de Putti. In the Assembly Hall.
General admission 35 cents; stu
dents 25c.
THURSDAY
7:30 p.m.—The English Club pre
sents UFA's "Othello" with Emil
Jannings, Werner Krauss, and Lya
de Putti. In the Assembly Hall.
General admission 35 cents; stu
dents 25c.
THURSDAY
7:30 p.m.—The English Club pre
sents UFA's "Othello" with Emil
Jannings, Werner Krauss, and Lya
de Putti. In the Assembly Hall.
General admission 35 cents; stu
dents 25c.
THURSDAY
7:30 p.m.—The English Club pre
sents UFA's "Othello" with Emil
Jannings, Werner Krauss, and Lya
de Putti. In the Assembly Hall.
General admission 35 cents; stu
dents 25c.
THURSDAY
7:30 p.m.—The English Club pre
sents UFA's "Othello" with Emil
Jannings, Werner Krauss, and Lya
de Putti. In the Assembly Hall.
General admission 35 cents; stu
dents 25c.
THURSDAY
7:30 p.m.—The English Club pre
sents UFA's "Othello" with Emil
Jannings, Werner Krauss, and Lya
de Putti. In the Assembly Hall.
General admission 35 cents; stu
dents 25c.
THURSDAY
7:30 p.m.—The English Club pre
sents UFA's "Othello" with Emil
Jannings, Werner Krauss, and Lya
de Putti. In the Assembly Hall.
General admission 35 cents; stu
dents 25c.
THURSDAY
7:30 p.m.—The English Club pre
sents UFA's "Othello" with Emil
Jannings, Werner Krauss, and Lya
de Putti. In the Assembly Hall.
General admission 35 cents; stu
dents 25c.
THURSDAY
7:30 p.m.—The English Club pre
sents UFA's "Othello" with Emil
Jannings, Werner Krauss, and Lya
de Putti. In the Assembly Hall.
General admission 35 cents; stu
dents 25c.
THURSDAY
7:30 p.m.—The English Club pre
sents UFA's "Othello" with Emil
Jannings, Werner Krauss, and Lya
de Putti. In the Assembly Hall.
General admission 35 cents; stu
dents 25c.
THURSDAY
7:30 p.m.—The English Club pre
sents UFA's "Othello" with Emil
Jannings, Werner Krauss, and Lya
de Putti. In the Assembly Hall.
General admission 35 cents; stu
dents 25c.
