# Art Club Will Meet Thursday.
## 
### 
The Art Club will meet. Thursday
evening at eight o'clock, at the home
of Mrs. C. E, Sta.rks. 1115 Ramona
street, Palo Alto. Mrs. Starks will
talk informally upon her recent visit
to Europe. While upon the Continent
Professor and Mrs. Starks and their
daughter traveled from one country to
another almost entirely on bicycles.
The Art Club will meet. Thursday
evening at eight o'clock, at the home
of Mrs. C. E, Sta.rks. 1115 Ramona
street, Palo Alto. Mrs. Starks will
talk informally upon her recent visit
to Europe. While upon the Continent
Professor and Mrs. Starks and their
daughter traveled from one country to
another almost entirely on bicycles.
The Art Club will meet. Thursday
evening at eight o'clock, at the home
of Mrs. C. E, Sta.rks. 1115 Ramona
street, Palo Alto. Mrs. Starks will
talk informally upon her recent visit
to Europe. While upon the Continent
Professor and Mrs. Starks and their
daughter traveled from one country to
another almost entirely on bicycles.
The Art Club will meet. Thursday
evening at eight o'clock, at the home
of Mrs. C. E, Sta.rks. 1115 Ramona
street, Palo Alto. Mrs. Starks will
talk informally upon her recent visit
to Europe. While upon the Continent
Professor and Mrs. Starks and their
daughter traveled from one country to
another almost entirely on bicycles.
The Art Club will meet. Thursday
evening at eight o'clock, at the home
of Mrs. C. E, Sta.rks. 1115 Ramona
street, Palo Alto. Mrs. Starks will
talk informally upon her recent visit
to Europe. While upon the Continent
Professor and Mrs. Starks and their
daughter traveled from one country to
another almost entirely on bicycles.
The Art Club will meet. Thursday
evening at eight o'clock, at the home
of Mrs. C. E, Sta.rks. 1115 Ramona
street, Palo Alto. Mrs. Starks will
talk informally upon her recent visit
to Europe. While upon the Continent
Professor and Mrs. Starks and their
daughter traveled from one country to
another almost entirely on bicycles.
The Art Club will meet. Thursday
evening at eight o'clock, at the home
of Mrs. C. E, Sta.rks. 1115 Ramona
street, Palo Alto. Mrs. Starks will
talk informally upon her recent visit
to Europe. While upon the Continent
Professor and Mrs. Starks and their
daughter traveled from one country to
another almost entirely on bicycles.
The Art Club will meet. Thursday
evening at eight o'clock, at the home
of Mrs. C. E, Sta.rks. 1115 Ramona
street, Palo Alto. Mrs. Starks will
talk informally upon her recent visit
to Europe. While upon the Continent
Professor and Mrs. Starks and their
daughter traveled from one country to
another almost entirely on bicycles.
The Art Club will meet. Thursday
evening at eight o'clock, at the home
of Mrs. C. E, Sta.rks. 1115 Ramona
street, Palo Alto. Mrs. Starks will
talk informally upon her recent visit
to Europe. While upon the Continent
Professor and Mrs. Starks and their
daughter traveled from one country to
another almost entirely on bicycles.
The Art Club will meet. Thursday
evening at eight o'clock, at the home
of Mrs. C. E, Sta.rks. 1115 Ramona
street, Palo Alto. Mrs. Starks will
talk informally upon her recent visit
to Europe. While upon the Continent
Professor and Mrs. Starks and their
daughter traveled from one country to
another almost entirely on bicycles.
The Art Club will meet. Thursday
evening at eight o'clock, at the home
of Mrs. C. E, Sta.rks. 1115 Ramona
street, Palo Alto. Mrs. Starks will
talk informally upon her recent visit
to Europe. While upon the Continent
Professor and Mrs. Starks and their
daughter traveled from one country to
another almost entirely on bicycles.
The Art Club will meet. Thursday
evening at eight o'clock, at the home
of Mrs. C. E, Sta.rks. 1115 Ramona
street, Palo Alto. Mrs. Starks will
talk informally upon her recent visit
to Europe. While upon the Continent
Professor and Mrs. Starks and their
daughter traveled from one country to
another almost entirely on bicycles.
The Art Club will meet. Thursday
evening at eight o'clock, at the home
of Mrs. C. E, Sta.rks. 1115 Ramona
street, Palo Alto. Mrs. Starks will
talk informally upon her recent visit
to Europe. While upon the Continent
Professor and Mrs. Starks and their
daughter traveled from one country to
another almost entirely on bicycles.
The Art Club will meet. Thursday
evening at eight o'clock, at the home
of Mrs. C. E, Sta.rks. 1115 Ramona
street, Palo Alto. Mrs. Starks will
talk informally upon her recent visit
to Europe. While upon the Continent
Professor and Mrs. Starks and their
daughter traveled from one country to
another almost entirely on bicycles.
