# American Liner Held at Gibraltar.
## 
### 
Washington, Oct. 28.—The American
consul at Gibraltar has cabled the
State Department that the American
liner Croonland, carrying cotton from
New York to Naples and Greek ports,
has been held up at Gibraltar.
Washington, Oct. 28.—The American
consul at Gibraltar has cabled the
State Department that the American
liner Croonland, carrying cotton from
New York to Naples and Greek ports,
has been held up at Gibraltar.
Washington, Oct. 28.—The American
consul at Gibraltar has cabled the
State Department that the American
liner Croonland, carrying cotton from
New York to Naples and Greek ports,
has been held up at Gibraltar.
Washington, Oct. 28.—The American
consul at Gibraltar has cabled the
State Department that the American
liner Croonland, carrying cotton from
New York to Naples and Greek ports,
has been held up at Gibraltar.
Washington, Oct. 28.—The American
consul at Gibraltar has cabled the
State Department that the American
liner Croonland, carrying cotton from
New York to Naples and Greek ports,
has been held up at Gibraltar.
Washington, Oct. 28.—The American
consul at Gibraltar has cabled the
State Department that the American
liner Croonland, carrying cotton from
New York to Naples and Greek ports,
has been held up at Gibraltar.
Washington, Oct. 28.—The American
consul at Gibraltar has cabled the
State Department that the American
liner Croonland, carrying cotton from
New York to Naples and Greek ports,
has been held up at Gibraltar.
Washington, Oct. 28.—The American
consul at Gibraltar has cabled the
State Department that the American
liner Croonland, carrying cotton from
New York to Naples and Greek ports,
has been held up at Gibraltar.
Washington, Oct. 28.—The American
consul at Gibraltar has cabled the
State Department that the American
liner Croonland, carrying cotton from
New York to Naples and Greek ports,
has been held up at Gibraltar.
Washington, Oct. 28.—The American
consul at Gibraltar has cabled the
State Department that the American
liner Croonland, carrying cotton from
New York to Naples and Greek ports,
has been held up at Gibraltar.
Washington, Oct. 28.—The American
consul at Gibraltar has cabled the
State Department that the American
liner Croonland, carrying cotton from
New York to Naples and Greek ports,
has been held up at Gibraltar.
Washington, Oct. 28.—The American
consul at Gibraltar has cabled the
State Department that the American
liner Croonland, carrying cotton from
New York to Naples and Greek ports,
has been held up at Gibraltar.
Washington, Oct. 28.—The American
consul at Gibraltar has cabled the
State Department that the American
liner Croonland, carrying cotton from
New York to Naples and Greek ports,
has been held up at Gibraltar.
Washington, Oct. 28.—The American
consul at Gibraltar has cabled the
State Department that the American
liner Croonland, carrying cotton from
New York to Naples and Greek ports,
has been held up at Gibraltar.
