# Fisher to Speak On World Affairs
## 
### 
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, professor of
history and chairman of the Hoover
Library, will address a World Af
fairs Conference at Asilomar tomor
row.
Dr. Fisher will discuss "Commu
nism and Other People's Colonial
ism," one of the subtopics of the
Conference theme, "Twentieth Cen
tury Colonialism."
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, professor of
history and chairman of the Hoover
Library, will address a World Af
fairs Conference at Asilomar tomor
row.
Dr. Fisher will discuss "Commu
nism and Other People's Colonial
ism," one of the subtopics of the
Conference theme, "Twentieth Cen
tury Colonialism."
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, professor of
history and chairman of the Hoover
Library, will address a World Af
fairs Conference at Asilomar tomor
row.
Dr. Fisher will discuss "Commu
nism and Other People's Colonial
ism," one of the subtopics of the
Conference theme, "Twentieth Cen
tury Colonialism."
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, professor of
history and chairman of the Hoover
Library, will address a World Af
fairs Conference at Asilomar tomor
row.
Dr. Fisher will discuss "Commu
nism and Other People's Colonial
ism," one of the subtopics of the
Conference theme, "Twentieth Cen
tury Colonialism."
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, professor of
history and chairman of the Hoover
Library, will address a World Af
fairs Conference at Asilomar tomor
row.
Dr. Fisher will discuss "Commu
nism and Other People's Colonial
ism," one of the subtopics of the
Conference theme, "Twentieth Cen
tury Colonialism."
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, professor of
history and chairman of the Hoover
Library, will address a World Af
fairs Conference at Asilomar tomor
row.
Dr. Fisher will discuss "Commu
nism and Other People's Colonial
ism," one of the subtopics of the
Conference theme, "Twentieth Cen
tury Colonialism."
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, professor of
history and chairman of the Hoover
Library, will address a World Af
fairs Conference at Asilomar tomor
row.
Dr. Fisher will discuss "Commu
nism and Other People's Colonial
ism," one of the subtopics of the
Conference theme, "Twentieth Cen
tury Colonialism."
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, professor of
history and chairman of the Hoover
Library, will address a World Af
fairs Conference at Asilomar tomor
row.
Dr. Fisher will discuss "Commu
nism and Other People's Colonial
ism," one of the subtopics of the
Conference theme, "Twentieth Cen
tury Colonialism."
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, professor of
history and chairman of the Hoover
Library, will address a World Af
fairs Conference at Asilomar tomor
row.
Dr. Fisher will discuss "Commu
nism and Other People's Colonial
ism," one of the subtopics of the
Conference theme, "Twentieth Cen
tury Colonialism."
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, professor of
history and chairman of the Hoover
Library, will address a World Af
fairs Conference at Asilomar tomor
row.
Dr. Fisher will discuss "Commu
nism and Other People's Colonial
ism," one of the subtopics of the
Conference theme, "Twentieth Cen
tury Colonialism."
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, professor of
history and chairman of the Hoover
Library, will address a World Af
fairs Conference at Asilomar tomor
row.
Dr. Fisher will discuss "Commu
nism and Other People's Colonial
ism," one of the subtopics of the
Conference theme, "Twentieth Cen
tury Colonialism."
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, professor of
history and chairman of the Hoover
Library, will address a World Af
fairs Conference at Asilomar tomor
row.
Dr. Fisher will discuss "Commu
nism and Other People's Colonial
ism," one of the subtopics of the
Conference theme, "Twentieth Cen
tury Colonialism."
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, professor of
history and chairman of the Hoover
Library, will address a World Af
fairs Conference at Asilomar tomor
row.
Dr. Fisher will discuss "Commu
nism and Other People's Colonial
ism," one of the subtopics of the
Conference theme, "Twentieth Cen
tury Colonialism."
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, professor of
history and chairman of the Hoover
Library, will address a World Af
fairs Conference at Asilomar tomor
row.
Dr. Fisher will discuss "Commu
nism and Other People's Colonial
ism," one of the subtopics of the
Conference theme, "Twentieth Cen
tury Colonialism."
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, professor of
history and chairman of the Hoover
Library, will address a World Af
fairs Conference at Asilomar tomor
row.
Dr. Fisher will discuss "Commu
nism and Other People's Colonial
ism," one of the subtopics of the
Conference theme, "Twentieth Cen
tury Colonialism."
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, professor of
history and chairman of the Hoover
Library, will address a World Af
fairs Conference at Asilomar tomor
row.
Dr. Fisher will discuss "Commu
nism and Other People's Colonial
ism," one of the subtopics of the
Conference theme, "Twentieth Cen
tury Colonialism."
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, professor of
history and chairman of the Hoover
Library, will address a World Af
fairs Conference at Asilomar tomor
row.
Dr. Fisher will discuss "Commu
nism and Other People's Colonial
ism," one of the subtopics of the
Conference theme, "Twentieth Cen
tury Colonialism."
