# Football Tomorrow
## 
### 

Stanford clashes with Washing
ton State tomorrow in Stanford
Stadium. For Pete Cirothe's ac-

lion-packed preview of the game,
see page I!. Artist Ron Fremiti
drew the eartoon on this page.

Stanford clashes with Washing
ton State tomorrow in Stanford
Stadium. For Pete Cirothe's ac-

lion-packed preview of the game,
see page I!. Artist Ron Fremiti
drew the eartoon on this page.

Stanford clashes with Washing
ton State tomorrow in Stanford
Stadium. For Pete Cirothe's ac-

lion-packed preview of the game,
see page I!. Artist Ron Fremiti
drew the eartoon on this page.

Stanford clashes with Washing
ton State tomorrow in Stanford
Stadium. For Pete Cirothe's ac-

lion-packed preview of the game,
see page I!. Artist Ron Fremiti
drew the eartoon on this page.

Stanford clashes with Washing
ton State tomorrow in Stanford
Stadium. For Pete Cirothe's ac-

lion-packed preview of the game,
see page I!. Artist Ron Fremiti
drew the eartoon on this page.

Stanford clashes with Washing
ton State tomorrow in Stanford
Stadium. For Pete Cirothe's ac-

lion-packed preview of the game,
see page I!. Artist Ron Fremiti
drew the eartoon on this page.

Stanford clashes with Washing
ton State tomorrow in Stanford
Stadium. For Pete Cirothe's ac-

lion-packed preview of the game,
see page I!. Artist Ron Fremiti
drew the eartoon on this page.

Stanford clashes with Washing
ton State tomorrow in Stanford
Stadium. For Pete Cirothe's ac-

lion-packed preview of the game,
see page I!. Artist Ron Fremiti
drew the eartoon on this page.

Stanford clashes with Washing
ton State tomorrow in Stanford
Stadium. For Pete Cirothe's ac-

lion-packed preview of the game,
see page I!. Artist Ron Fremiti
drew the eartoon on this page.

Stanford clashes with Washing
ton State tomorrow in Stanford
Stadium. For Pete Cirothe's ac-

lion-packed preview of the game,
see page I!. Artist Ron Fremiti
drew the eartoon on this page.

Stanford clashes with Washing
ton State tomorrow in Stanford
Stadium. For Pete Cirothe's ac-

lion-packed preview of the game,
see page I!. Artist Ron Fremiti
drew the eartoon on this page.

Stanford clashes with Washing
ton State tomorrow in Stanford
Stadium. For Pete Cirothe's ac-

lion-packed preview of the game,
see page I!. Artist Ron Fremiti
drew the eartoon on this page.

Stanford clashes with Washing
ton State tomorrow in Stanford
Stadium. For Pete Cirothe's ac-

lion-packed preview of the game,
see page I!. Artist Ron Fremiti
drew the eartoon on this page.

Stanford clashes with Washing
ton State tomorrow in Stanford
Stadium. For Pete Cirothe's ac-

lion-packed preview of the game,
see page I!. Artist Ron Fremiti
drew the eartoon on this page.

Stanford clashes with Washing
ton State tomorrow in Stanford
Stadium. For Pete Cirothe's ac-

lion-packed preview of the game,
see page I!. Artist Ron Fremiti
drew the eartoon on this page.

Stanford clashes with Washing
ton State tomorrow in Stanford
Stadium. For Pete Cirothe's ac-

lion-packed preview of the game,
see page I!. Artist Ron Fremiti
drew the eartoon on this page.

Stanford clashes with Washing
ton State tomorrow in Stanford
Stadium. For Pete Cirothe's ac-

lion-packed preview of the game,
see page I!. Artist Ron Fremiti
drew the eartoon on this page.
