# Whirl of Social Activities Planned for This Weekend
## Stardusters to Play For Encina Formal 
### 
With "That Old Black Magic" as a
theme, nearly 500 Eneina frosh and
their dates will dance to the music
of the Stardusters Saturday night
from 9 to 1 in the Eneina lounge.
The formal, Encina's first major
social event of the year, is a closed
event strictly for Eneina freshmen
and dates. Patrons are Mrs. Ellene
Sumner, director of Eneina; Mrs.
Lucia Henderson; and Mr. and Mrs.
Robert P. Huff.
Intermission entertainment will be
furnished by a small choral group
composed of Eneina men, according

to Bill Atcheson, Eneina social chair
man.
With "That Old Black Magic" as a
theme, nearly 500 Eneina frosh and
their dates will dance to the music
of the Stardusters Saturday night
from 9 to 1 in the Eneina lounge.
The formal, Encina's first major
social event of the year, is a closed
event strictly for Eneina freshmen
and dates. Patrons are Mrs. Ellene
Sumner, director of Eneina; Mrs.
Lucia Henderson; and Mr. and Mrs.
Robert P. Huff.
Intermission entertainment will be
furnished by a small choral group
composed of Eneina men, according

to Bill Atcheson, Eneina social chair
man.
With "That Old Black Magic" as a
theme, nearly 500 Eneina frosh and
their dates will dance to the music
of the Stardusters Saturday night
from 9 to 1 in the Eneina lounge.
The formal, Encina's first major
social event of the year, is a closed
event strictly for Eneina freshmen
and dates. Patrons are Mrs. Ellene
Sumner, director of Eneina; Mrs.
Lucia Henderson; and Mr. and Mrs.
Robert P. Huff.
Intermission entertainment will be
furnished by a small choral group
composed of Eneina men, according

to Bill Atcheson, Eneina social chair
man.
With "That Old Black Magic" as a
theme, nearly 500 Eneina frosh and
their dates will dance to the music
of the Stardusters Saturday night
from 9 to 1 in the Eneina lounge.
The formal, Encina's first major
social event of the year, is a closed
event strictly for Eneina freshmen
and dates. Patrons are Mrs. Ellene
Sumner, director of Eneina; Mrs.
Lucia Henderson; and Mr. and Mrs.
Robert P. Huff.
Intermission entertainment will be
furnished by a small choral group
composed of Eneina men, according

to Bill Atcheson, Eneina social chair
man.
With "That Old Black Magic" as a
theme, nearly 500 Eneina frosh and
their dates will dance to the music
of the Stardusters Saturday night
from 9 to 1 in the Eneina lounge.
The formal, Encina's first major
social event of the year, is a closed
event strictly for Eneina freshmen
and dates. Patrons are Mrs. Ellene
Sumner, director of Eneina; Mrs.
Lucia Henderson; and Mr. and Mrs.
Robert P. Huff.
Intermission entertainment will be
furnished by a small choral group
composed of Eneina men, according

to Bill Atcheson, Eneina social chair
man.
With "That Old Black Magic" as a
theme, nearly 500 Eneina frosh and
their dates will dance to the music
of the Stardusters Saturday night
from 9 to 1 in the Eneina lounge.
The formal, Encina's first major
social event of the year, is a closed
event strictly for Eneina freshmen
and dates. Patrons are Mrs. Ellene
Sumner, director of Eneina; Mrs.
Lucia Henderson; and Mr. and Mrs.
Robert P. Huff.
Intermission entertainment will be
furnished by a small choral group
composed of Eneina men, according

to Bill Atcheson, Eneina social chair
man.
With "That Old Black Magic" as a
theme, nearly 500 Eneina frosh and
their dates will dance to the music
of the Stardusters Saturday night
from 9 to 1 in the Eneina lounge.
The formal, Encina's first major
social event of the year, is a closed
event strictly for Eneina freshmen
and dates. Patrons are Mrs. Ellene
Sumner, director of Eneina; Mrs.
Lucia Henderson; and Mr. and Mrs.
Robert P. Huff.
Intermission entertainment will be
furnished by a small choral group
composed of Eneina men, according

to Bill Atcheson, Eneina social chair
man.
With "That Old Black Magic" as a
theme, nearly 500 Eneina frosh and
their dates will dance to the music
of the Stardusters Saturday night
from 9 to 1 in the Eneina lounge.
The formal, Encina's first major
social event of the year, is a closed
event strictly for Eneina freshmen
and dates. Patrons are Mrs. Ellene
Sumner, director of Eneina; Mrs.
Lucia Henderson; and Mr. and Mrs.
Robert P. Huff.
Intermission entertainment will be
furnished by a small choral group
composed of Eneina men, according

to Bill Atcheson, Eneina social chair
man.
With "That Old Black Magic" as a
theme, nearly 500 Eneina frosh and
their dates will dance to the music
of the Stardusters Saturday night
from 9 to 1 in the Eneina lounge.
The formal, Encina's first major
social event of the year, is a closed
event strictly for Eneina freshmen
and dates. Patrons are Mrs. Ellene
Sumner, director of Eneina; Mrs.
Lucia Henderson; and Mr. and Mrs.
Robert P. Huff.
Intermission entertainment will be
furnished by a small choral group
composed of Eneina men, according

to Bill Atcheson, Eneina social chair
man.
With "That Old Black Magic" as a
theme, nearly 500 Eneina frosh and
their dates will dance to the music
of the Stardusters Saturday night
from 9 to 1 in the Eneina lounge.
The formal, Encina's first major
social event of the year, is a closed
event strictly for Eneina freshmen
and dates. Patrons are Mrs. Ellene
Sumner, director of Eneina; Mrs.
Lucia Henderson; and Mr. and Mrs.
Robert P. Huff.
Intermission entertainment will be
furnished by a small choral group
composed of Eneina men, according

to Bill Atcheson, Eneina social chair
man.
With "That Old Black Magic" as a
theme, nearly 500 Eneina frosh and
their dates will dance to the music
of the Stardusters Saturday night
from 9 to 1 in the Eneina lounge.
The formal, Encina's first major
social event of the year, is a closed
event strictly for Eneina freshmen
and dates. Patrons are Mrs. Ellene
Sumner, director of Eneina; Mrs.
Lucia Henderson; and Mr. and Mrs.
Robert P. Huff.
Intermission entertainment will be
furnished by a small choral group
composed of Eneina men, according

to Bill Atcheson, Eneina social chair
man.
With "That Old Black Magic" as a
theme, nearly 500 Eneina frosh and
their dates will dance to the music
of the Stardusters Saturday night
from 9 to 1 in the Eneina lounge.
The formal, Encina's first major
social event of the year, is a closed
event strictly for Eneina freshmen
and dates. Patrons are Mrs. Ellene
Sumner, director of Eneina; Mrs.
Lucia Henderson; and Mr. and Mrs.
Robert P. Huff.
Intermission entertainment will be
furnished by a small choral group
composed of Eneina men, according

to Bill Atcheson, Eneina social chair
man.
With "That Old Black Magic" as a
theme, nearly 500 Eneina frosh and
their dates will dance to the music
of the Stardusters Saturday night
from 9 to 1 in the Eneina lounge.
The formal, Encina's first major
social event of the year, is a closed
event strictly for Eneina freshmen
and dates. Patrons are Mrs. Ellene
Sumner, director of Eneina; Mrs.
Lucia Henderson; and Mr. and Mrs.
Robert P. Huff.
Intermission entertainment will be
furnished by a small choral group
composed of Eneina men, according

to Bill Atcheson, Eneina social chair
man.
With "That Old Black Magic" as a
theme, nearly 500 Eneina frosh and
their dates will dance to the music
of the Stardusters Saturday night
from 9 to 1 in the Eneina lounge.
The formal, Encina's first major
social event of the year, is a closed
event strictly for Eneina freshmen
and dates. Patrons are Mrs. Ellene
Sumner, director of Eneina; Mrs.
Lucia Henderson; and Mr. and Mrs.
Robert P. Huff.
Intermission entertainment will be
furnished by a small choral group
composed of Eneina men, according

to Bill Atcheson, Eneina social chair
man.
With "That Old Black Magic" as a
theme, nearly 500 Eneina frosh and
their dates will dance to the music
of the Stardusters Saturday night
from 9 to 1 in the Eneina lounge.
The formal, Encina's first major
social event of the year, is a closed
event strictly for Eneina freshmen
and dates. Patrons are Mrs. Ellene
Sumner, director of Eneina; Mrs.
Lucia Henderson; and Mr. and Mrs.
Robert P. Huff.
Intermission entertainment will be
furnished by a small choral group
composed of Eneina men, according

to Bill Atcheson, Eneina social chair
man.
With "That Old Black Magic" as a
theme, nearly 500 Eneina frosh and
their dates will dance to the music
of the Stardusters Saturday night
from 9 to 1 in the Eneina lounge.
The formal, Encina's first major
social event of the year, is a closed
event strictly for Eneina freshmen
and dates. Patrons are Mrs. Ellene
Sumner, director of Eneina; Mrs.
Lucia Henderson; and Mr. and Mrs.
Robert P. Huff.
Intermission entertainment will be
furnished by a small choral group
composed of Eneina men, according

to Bill Atcheson, Eneina social chair
man.
With "That Old Black Magic" as a
theme, nearly 500 Eneina frosh and
their dates will dance to the music
of the Stardusters Saturday night
from 9 to 1 in the Eneina lounge.
The formal, Encina's first major
social event of the year, is a closed
event strictly for Eneina freshmen
and dates. Patrons are Mrs. Ellene
Sumner, director of Eneina; Mrs.
Lucia Henderson; and Mr. and Mrs.
Robert P. Huff.
Intermission entertainment will be
furnished by a small choral group
composed of Eneina men, according

to Bill Atcheson, Eneina social chair
man.
