# 18 SU Debaters Off To Forensic Meet
## 
### 
Eighteen Stanford debate team
members will travel to Sacra
mento State College to partici
pate in a forensic contest there
today and tomorrow.
The speech divisions in which
students will compete include
debate, oratory, extemporaneous
speaking and interpretive read
ing.
Dan Kremer, Fred Hillier; Don
Proudfoot. Mike Willemyon; Hal
Griffin, Pat Milligan; Nancy
Snookal, Gloria Bianchi; Keith
Torney, Gordon Lewis; Lester
O'Shea, Woody Moyle; John
Trumbull, Craig Barnes; Tom
Savage, Tom JBiglcy; Doreen Hun
ter and Jeff Commons will vie
for speech honors against teams
representing 13 other Bay Area
l schools.
Eighteen Stanford debate team
members will travel to Sacra
mento State College to partici
pate in a forensic contest there
today and tomorrow.
The speech divisions in which
students will compete include
debate, oratory, extemporaneous
speaking and interpretive read
ing.
Dan Kremer, Fred Hillier; Don
Proudfoot. Mike Willemyon; Hal
Griffin, Pat Milligan; Nancy
Snookal, Gloria Bianchi; Keith
Torney, Gordon Lewis; Lester
O'Shea, Woody Moyle; John
Trumbull, Craig Barnes; Tom
Savage, Tom JBiglcy; Doreen Hun
ter and Jeff Commons will vie
for speech honors against teams
representing 13 other Bay Area
l schools.
Eighteen Stanford debate team
members will travel to Sacra
mento State College to partici
pate in a forensic contest there
today and tomorrow.
The speech divisions in which
students will compete include
debate, oratory, extemporaneous
speaking and interpretive read
ing.
Dan Kremer, Fred Hillier; Don
Proudfoot. Mike Willemyon; Hal
Griffin, Pat Milligan; Nancy
Snookal, Gloria Bianchi; Keith
Torney, Gordon Lewis; Lester
O'Shea, Woody Moyle; John
Trumbull, Craig Barnes; Tom
Savage, Tom JBiglcy; Doreen Hun
ter and Jeff Commons will vie
for speech honors against teams
representing 13 other Bay Area
l schools.
Eighteen Stanford debate team
members will travel to Sacra
mento State College to partici
pate in a forensic contest there
today and tomorrow.
The speech divisions in which
students will compete include
debate, oratory, extemporaneous
speaking and interpretive read
ing.
Dan Kremer, Fred Hillier; Don
Proudfoot. Mike Willemyon; Hal
Griffin, Pat Milligan; Nancy
Snookal, Gloria Bianchi; Keith
Torney, Gordon Lewis; Lester
O'Shea, Woody Moyle; John
Trumbull, Craig Barnes; Tom
Savage, Tom JBiglcy; Doreen Hun
ter and Jeff Commons will vie
for speech honors against teams
representing 13 other Bay Area
l schools.
Eighteen Stanford debate team
members will travel to Sacra
mento State College to partici
pate in a forensic contest there
today and tomorrow.
The speech divisions in which
students will compete include
debate, oratory, extemporaneous
speaking and interpretive read
ing.
Dan Kremer, Fred Hillier; Don
Proudfoot. Mike Willemyon; Hal
Griffin, Pat Milligan; Nancy
Snookal, Gloria Bianchi; Keith
Torney, Gordon Lewis; Lester
O'Shea, Woody Moyle; John
Trumbull, Craig Barnes; Tom
Savage, Tom JBiglcy; Doreen Hun
ter and Jeff Commons will vie
for speech honors against teams
representing 13 other Bay Area
l schools.
Eighteen Stanford debate team
members will travel to Sacra
mento State College to partici
pate in a forensic contest there
today and tomorrow.
The speech divisions in which
students will compete include
debate, oratory, extemporaneous
speaking and interpretive read
ing.
Dan Kremer, Fred Hillier; Don
Proudfoot. Mike Willemyon; Hal
Griffin, Pat Milligan; Nancy
Snookal, Gloria Bianchi; Keith
Torney, Gordon Lewis; Lester
O'Shea, Woody Moyle; John
Trumbull, Craig Barnes; Tom
Savage, Tom JBiglcy; Doreen Hun
ter and Jeff Commons will vie
for speech honors against teams
representing 13 other Bay Area
l schools.
Eighteen Stanford debate team
members will travel to Sacra
mento State College to partici
pate in a forensic contest there
today and tomorrow.
The speech divisions in which
students will compete include
debate, oratory, extemporaneous
speaking and interpretive read
ing.
Dan Kremer, Fred Hillier; Don
Proudfoot. Mike Willemyon; Hal
Griffin, Pat Milligan; Nancy
Snookal, Gloria Bianchi; Keith
Torney, Gordon Lewis; Lester
O'Shea, Woody Moyle; John
Trumbull, Craig Barnes; Tom
Savage, Tom JBiglcy; Doreen Hun
ter and Jeff Commons will vie
for speech honors against teams
representing 13 other Bay Area
l schools.
Eighteen Stanford debate team
members will travel to Sacra
mento State College to partici
pate in a forensic contest there
today and tomorrow.
The speech divisions in which
students will compete include
debate, oratory, extemporaneous
speaking and interpretive read
ing.
Dan Kremer, Fred Hillier; Don
Proudfoot. Mike Willemyon; Hal
Griffin, Pat Milligan; Nancy
Snookal, Gloria Bianchi; Keith
Torney, Gordon Lewis; Lester
O'Shea, Woody Moyle; John
Trumbull, Craig Barnes; Tom
Savage, Tom JBiglcy; Doreen Hun
ter and Jeff Commons will vie
for speech honors against teams
representing 13 other Bay Area
l schools.
Eighteen Stanford debate team
members will travel to Sacra
mento State College to partici
pate in a forensic contest there
today and tomorrow.
The speech divisions in which
students will compete include
debate, oratory, extemporaneous
speaking and interpretive read
ing.
Dan Kremer, Fred Hillier; Don
Proudfoot. Mike Willemyon; Hal
Griffin, Pat Milligan; Nancy
Snookal, Gloria Bianchi; Keith
Torney, Gordon Lewis; Lester
O'Shea, Woody Moyle; John
Trumbull, Craig Barnes; Tom
Savage, Tom JBiglcy; Doreen Hun
ter and Jeff Commons will vie
for speech honors against teams
representing 13 other Bay Area
l schools.
Eighteen Stanford debate team
members will travel to Sacra
mento State College to partici
pate in a forensic contest there
today and tomorrow.
The speech divisions in which
students will compete include
debate, oratory, extemporaneous
speaking and interpretive read
ing.
Dan Kremer, Fred Hillier; Don
Proudfoot. Mike Willemyon; Hal
Griffin, Pat Milligan; Nancy
Snookal, Gloria Bianchi; Keith
Torney, Gordon Lewis; Lester
O'Shea, Woody Moyle; John
Trumbull, Craig Barnes; Tom
Savage, Tom JBiglcy; Doreen Hun
ter and Jeff Commons will vie
for speech honors against teams
representing 13 other Bay Area
l schools.
Eighteen Stanford debate team
members will travel to Sacra
mento State College to partici
pate in a forensic contest there
today and tomorrow.
The speech divisions in which
students will compete include
debate, oratory, extemporaneous
speaking and interpretive read
ing.
Dan Kremer, Fred Hillier; Don
Proudfoot. Mike Willemyon; Hal
Griffin, Pat Milligan; Nancy
Snookal, Gloria Bianchi; Keith
Torney, Gordon Lewis; Lester
O'Shea, Woody Moyle; John
Trumbull, Craig Barnes; Tom
Savage, Tom JBiglcy; Doreen Hun
ter and Jeff Commons will vie
for speech honors against teams
representing 13 other Bay Area
l schools.
Eighteen Stanford debate team
members will travel to Sacra
mento State College to partici
pate in a forensic contest there
today and tomorrow.
The speech divisions in which
students will compete include
debate, oratory, extemporaneous
speaking and interpretive read
ing.
Dan Kremer, Fred Hillier; Don
Proudfoot. Mike Willemyon; Hal
Griffin, Pat Milligan; Nancy
Snookal, Gloria Bianchi; Keith
Torney, Gordon Lewis; Lester
O'Shea, Woody Moyle; John
Trumbull, Craig Barnes; Tom
Savage, Tom JBiglcy; Doreen Hun
ter and Jeff Commons will vie
for speech honors against teams
representing 13 other Bay Area
l schools.
Eighteen Stanford debate team
members will travel to Sacra
mento State College to partici
pate in a forensic contest there
today and tomorrow.
The speech divisions in which
students will compete include
debate, oratory, extemporaneous
speaking and interpretive read
ing.
Dan Kremer, Fred Hillier; Don
Proudfoot. Mike Willemyon; Hal
Griffin, Pat Milligan; Nancy
Snookal, Gloria Bianchi; Keith
Torney, Gordon Lewis; Lester
O'Shea, Woody Moyle; John
Trumbull, Craig Barnes; Tom
Savage, Tom JBiglcy; Doreen Hun
ter and Jeff Commons will vie
for speech honors against teams
representing 13 other Bay Area
l schools.
Eighteen Stanford debate team
members will travel to Sacra
mento State College to partici
pate in a forensic contest there
today and tomorrow.
The speech divisions in which
students will compete include
debate, oratory, extemporaneous
speaking and interpretive read
ing.
Dan Kremer, Fred Hillier; Don
Proudfoot. Mike Willemyon; Hal
Griffin, Pat Milligan; Nancy
Snookal, Gloria Bianchi; Keith
Torney, Gordon Lewis; Lester
O'Shea, Woody Moyle; John
Trumbull, Craig Barnes; Tom
Savage, Tom JBiglcy; Doreen Hun
ter and Jeff Commons will vie
for speech honors against teams
representing 13 other Bay Area
l schools.
Eighteen Stanford debate team
members will travel to Sacra
mento State College to partici
pate in a forensic contest there
today and tomorrow.
The speech divisions in which
students will compete include
debate, oratory, extemporaneous
speaking and interpretive read
ing.
Dan Kremer, Fred Hillier; Don
Proudfoot. Mike Willemyon; Hal
Griffin, Pat Milligan; Nancy
Snookal, Gloria Bianchi; Keith
Torney, Gordon Lewis; Lester
O'Shea, Woody Moyle; John
Trumbull, Craig Barnes; Tom
Savage, Tom JBiglcy; Doreen Hun
ter and Jeff Commons will vie
for speech honors against teams
representing 13 other Bay Area
l schools.
Eighteen Stanford debate team
members will travel to Sacra
mento State College to partici
pate in a forensic contest there
today and tomorrow.
The speech divisions in which
students will compete include
debate, oratory, extemporaneous
speaking and interpretive read
ing.
Dan Kremer, Fred Hillier; Don
Proudfoot. Mike Willemyon; Hal
Griffin, Pat Milligan; Nancy
Snookal, Gloria Bianchi; Keith
Torney, Gordon Lewis; Lester
O'Shea, Woody Moyle; John
Trumbull, Craig Barnes; Tom
Savage, Tom JBiglcy; Doreen Hun
ter and Jeff Commons will vie
for speech honors against teams
representing 13 other Bay Area
l schools.
