# Communication.
## 
### 
Some time ago the '98 football
manager in behalf of his team chal
lenged any team in the University
to a game of football. The chal
lenge was accepted by Mr. Scoville
on behalf of the team of 1900.
Since that time the latter manager
has sought the '98 men in vain to
obtain arrangements for the con
test. The Class of 1900 deplores
the marked aversion shown by the
'98 men to backing up their bluff.
If they were sincere the Class of
1900 wishes to be informed of the
fact. A Member of 1900.
Some time ago the '98 football
manager in behalf of his team chal
lenged any team in the University
to a game of football. The chal
lenge was accepted by Mr. Scoville
on behalf of the team of 1900.
Since that time the latter manager
has sought the '98 men in vain to
obtain arrangements for the con
test. The Class of 1900 deplores
the marked aversion shown by the
'98 men to backing up their bluff.
If they were sincere the Class of
1900 wishes to be informed of the
fact. A Member of 1900.
Some time ago the '98 football
manager in behalf of his team chal
lenged any team in the University
to a game of football. The chal
lenge was accepted by Mr. Scoville
on behalf of the team of 1900.
Since that time the latter manager
has sought the '98 men in vain to
obtain arrangements for the con
test. The Class of 1900 deplores
the marked aversion shown by the
'98 men to backing up their bluff.
If they were sincere the Class of
1900 wishes to be informed of the
fact. A Member of 1900.
Some time ago the '98 football
manager in behalf of his team chal
lenged any team in the University
to a game of football. The chal
lenge was accepted by Mr. Scoville
on behalf of the team of 1900.
Since that time the latter manager
has sought the '98 men in vain to
obtain arrangements for the con
test. The Class of 1900 deplores
the marked aversion shown by the
'98 men to backing up their bluff.
If they were sincere the Class of
1900 wishes to be informed of the
fact. A Member of 1900.
Some time ago the '98 football
manager in behalf of his team chal
lenged any team in the University
to a game of football. The chal
lenge was accepted by Mr. Scoville
on behalf of the team of 1900.
Since that time the latter manager
has sought the '98 men in vain to
obtain arrangements for the con
test. The Class of 1900 deplores
the marked aversion shown by the
'98 men to backing up their bluff.
If they were sincere the Class of
1900 wishes to be informed of the
fact. A Member of 1900.
