# Bush's next nominee?
## 
### 
WASHINGTON (AP) -
President Bush began talks
yesterday about a replacement
for John Tower even before his
nomination to run the Penta
gon was rejected, a senior of
ficial said, and the administra
tion promised a swift decision
on a new candidate.
A new nomination may come
before week's end, said the of
ficial, who refused to be iden
tified other than as a senior
administration official. "Obvi
ously we're interested in mov
ing rapidly."
Possible choices include Sen.
William Cohen, R-Maine, and
former Rep. Jack Edwards, R-
Ala., as well as one-time de
fense secretaries Donald
Rumsfeld and James
Schlesinger, said sources who
spoke on condition of
anonymity.
Brent Scowcroft, the presi
dent's national security advis
er, said he was not in line to

be defense secretary, but that
did not dampen speculation
that he was being considered.
Some members of Congress
have suggested a job swap be
tween Scowcroft and Tower,
since the national security ad
viser's job does not require con
firmation.
Two hours before the Senate
rejected Tower, 53-47, Bush
left Washington for a speech
making visit in New York.
Before his departure, Bush
spoke briefly with Scowcroft
about a replacement for Tower,
said the senior administration
official.
The official said a long list
of candidates had been com
piled. "There's been a list for
a long time," the official said,
noting that names had been
compiled before Tower was fi
nally selected last December.
"We're not starting from
scratch."
