# Adv. 7 Page 3
## 
### 
THE GIFT You Alone
Can Give
V
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
Sizes and prices
to suit all
« uTO
Studio —533 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
Can Give
V
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
Sizes and prices
to suit all
« uTO
Studio —533 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
Can Give
V
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
Sizes and prices
to suit all
« uTO
Studio —533 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
Can Give
V
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
Sizes and prices
to suit all
« uTO
Studio —533 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
Can Give
V
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
Sizes and prices
to suit all
« uTO
Studio —533 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
Can Give
V
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
Sizes and prices
to suit all
« uTO
Studio —533 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
Can Give
V
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
Sizes and prices
to suit all
« uTO
Studio —533 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
Can Give
V
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
Sizes and prices
to suit all
« uTO
Studio —533 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
Can Give
V
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
Sizes and prices
to suit all
« uTO
Studio —533 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
Can Give
V
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
Sizes and prices
to suit all
« uTO
Studio —533 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
Can Give
V
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
Sizes and prices
to suit all
« uTO
Studio —533 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
Can Give
V
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
Sizes and prices
to suit all
« uTO
Studio —533 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
Can Give
V
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
Sizes and prices
to suit all
« uTO
Studio —533 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
Can Give
V
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
Sizes and prices
to suit all
« uTO
Studio —533 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
Can Give
V
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
Sizes and prices
to suit all
« uTO
Studio —533 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
