# GROWING PAINS
## 
### 
TEHERAN, Persia, Dec. «. (/]')—
Siah Khan, 18, and nearly 12 feet
tall, is going to Europe for treat
ment of growing pains in his legs.
TEHERAN, Persia, Dec. «. (/]')—
Siah Khan, 18, and nearly 12 feet
tall, is going to Europe for treat
ment of growing pains in his legs.
TEHERAN, Persia, Dec. «. (/]')—
Siah Khan, 18, and nearly 12 feet
tall, is going to Europe for treat
ment of growing pains in his legs.
TEHERAN, Persia, Dec. «. (/]')—
Siah Khan, 18, and nearly 12 feet
tall, is going to Europe for treat
ment of growing pains in his legs.
TEHERAN, Persia, Dec. «. (/]')—
Siah Khan, 18, and nearly 12 feet
tall, is going to Europe for treat
ment of growing pains in his legs.
TEHERAN, Persia, Dec. «. (/]')—
Siah Khan, 18, and nearly 12 feet
tall, is going to Europe for treat
ment of growing pains in his legs.
TEHERAN, Persia, Dec. «. (/]')—
Siah Khan, 18, and nearly 12 feet
tall, is going to Europe for treat
ment of growing pains in his legs.
TEHERAN, Persia, Dec. «. (/]')—
Siah Khan, 18, and nearly 12 feet
tall, is going to Europe for treat
ment of growing pains in his legs.
TEHERAN, Persia, Dec. «. (/]')—
Siah Khan, 18, and nearly 12 feet
tall, is going to Europe for treat
ment of growing pains in his legs.
TEHERAN, Persia, Dec. «. (/]')—
Siah Khan, 18, and nearly 12 feet
tall, is going to Europe for treat
ment of growing pains in his legs.
TEHERAN, Persia, Dec. «. (/]')—
Siah Khan, 18, and nearly 12 feet
tall, is going to Europe for treat
ment of growing pains in his legs.
TEHERAN, Persia, Dec. «. (/]')—
Siah Khan, 18, and nearly 12 feet
tall, is going to Europe for treat
ment of growing pains in his legs.
TEHERAN, Persia, Dec. «. (/]')—
Siah Khan, 18, and nearly 12 feet
tall, is going to Europe for treat
ment of growing pains in his legs.
TEHERAN, Persia, Dec. «. (/]')—
Siah Khan, 18, and nearly 12 feet
tall, is going to Europe for treat
ment of growing pains in his legs.
TEHERAN, Persia, Dec. «. (/]')—
Siah Khan, 18, and nearly 12 feet
tall, is going to Europe for treat
ment of growing pains in his legs.
