# Untitled Article
## 
### 
TEST TIME
With the tight job market, more students
are taking the LSAT to go to law school.
FEATURES/5

SHUT DOWN
O.J. Atogwe and the Cardinal defense
stop WSU to secure a 23-17 victory.
SPORTS/9


TEST TIME
With the tight job market, more students
are taking the LSAT to go to law school.
FEATURES/5

SHUT DOWN
O.J. Atogwe and the Cardinal defense
stop WSU to secure a 23-17 victory.
SPORTS/9


TEST TIME
With the tight job market, more students
are taking the LSAT to go to law school.
FEATURES/5

SHUT DOWN
O.J. Atogwe and the Cardinal defense
stop WSU to secure a 23-17 victory.
SPORTS/9


TEST TIME
With the tight job market, more students
are taking the LSAT to go to law school.
FEATURES/5

SHUT DOWN
O.J. Atogwe and the Cardinal defense
stop WSU to secure a 23-17 victory.
SPORTS/9


TEST TIME
With the tight job market, more students
are taking the LSAT to go to law school.
FEATURES/5

SHUT DOWN
O.J. Atogwe and the Cardinal defense
stop WSU to secure a 23-17 victory.
SPORTS/9


TEST TIME
With the tight job market, more students
are taking the LSAT to go to law school.
FEATURES/5

SHUT DOWN
O.J. Atogwe and the Cardinal defense
stop WSU to secure a 23-17 victory.
SPORTS/9


TEST TIME
With the tight job market, more students
are taking the LSAT to go to law school.
FEATURES/5

SHUT DOWN
O.J. Atogwe and the Cardinal defense
stop WSU to secure a 23-17 victory.
SPORTS/9


TEST TIME
With the tight job market, more students
are taking the LSAT to go to law school.
FEATURES/5

SHUT DOWN
O.J. Atogwe and the Cardinal defense
stop WSU to secure a 23-17 victory.
SPORTS/9


