# Sale of Junior Opera Tickets.
## 
### 
The tickets for the Junior opera,
" The Princess Enone," to he given
on the evening of April 20th, will
be placed on sale Wednesday morn
ing at 9 o'clock on the campus and
at the Stanford Pharmacy in Palo
Alto. The prices will be $1, 75
cents and 50 cents.
The tickets for the Junior opera,
" The Princess Enone," to he given
on the evening of April 20th, will
be placed on sale Wednesday morn
ing at 9 o'clock on the campus and
at the Stanford Pharmacy in Palo
Alto. The prices will be $1, 75
cents and 50 cents.
The tickets for the Junior opera,
" The Princess Enone," to he given
on the evening of April 20th, will
be placed on sale Wednesday morn
ing at 9 o'clock on the campus and
at the Stanford Pharmacy in Palo
Alto. The prices will be $1, 75
cents and 50 cents.
The tickets for the Junior opera,
" The Princess Enone," to he given
on the evening of April 20th, will
be placed on sale Wednesday morn
ing at 9 o'clock on the campus and
at the Stanford Pharmacy in Palo
Alto. The prices will be $1, 75
cents and 50 cents.
The tickets for the Junior opera,
" The Princess Enone," to he given
on the evening of April 20th, will
be placed on sale Wednesday morn
ing at 9 o'clock on the campus and
at the Stanford Pharmacy in Palo
Alto. The prices will be $1, 75
cents and 50 cents.
The tickets for the Junior opera,
" The Princess Enone," to he given
on the evening of April 20th, will
be placed on sale Wednesday morn
ing at 9 o'clock on the campus and
at the Stanford Pharmacy in Palo
Alto. The prices will be $1, 75
cents and 50 cents.
The tickets for the Junior opera,
" The Princess Enone," to he given
on the evening of April 20th, will
be placed on sale Wednesday morn
ing at 9 o'clock on the campus and
at the Stanford Pharmacy in Palo
Alto. The prices will be $1, 75
cents and 50 cents.
The tickets for the Junior opera,
" The Princess Enone," to he given
on the evening of April 20th, will
be placed on sale Wednesday morn
ing at 9 o'clock on the campus and
at the Stanford Pharmacy in Palo
Alto. The prices will be $1, 75
cents and 50 cents.
