# Palo Alto Woman Dies in Accident
## 
### 
One fatal accident marred an
otherwise perfect week-end driving
record for Stanford students.
Injuries incurred last Wednesday
night, when she stepped into the
path of an automobile driven by a
Stanford student, proved fatal to
Mrs. E. E. Hoffman, over 70. She
passed away in Palo Alto Hospital
early Friday morning.
The student, according to police
information, had just driven his
car through the intersection and
was proceeding at a moderate pace
when Mrs. Hoffman loomed in front
of his vehicle. He said he swerved
to the left, but the fender caught
the elderly woman, throwing her to
the pavement.
The inquest will be held Decem
ber 1 in Palo Alto by the Deputy
Coroner.
