# Firemen Save Our Firemen
## 
### 
Every Sunday those unsung, un
derslung heroes of the campus fire
department have drill. They polish
off the trucks and oil the equip
ment so that they can get back to
their checker games sooner, after
demolishing all the local conflagra
tions.
Yesterday, however, as ennui
overtook the smokey stovers of the
department after a stuffed up week
end, they thrilled to the arrival of
"dandy" new nets.
Instead of drilling in the boring
old manner of just rushing around,
all the laddies spent the afternoon
hurling themselves of! their tower
top into the new safety devices.
Reports from frightfully reliable
sources say the chief was pleased
as punch and predicts a successful
season Sunday after next. He may
have the force practice holding
women and children tucked under
either arm.
