# Big Railroads Seek Freight Rate Rise
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Nov. 28 (UP).—
Major railroads will cite President
Roosevelt's desire to revitalize busi
ness when they open their drive
Monday before the Interstate Com
merce Commission for freight rate
increases totaling $450,000,000 an
nually.
The roads seek to add the new
increases to recent rate advances
which upped their revenue $47,500,-
000 a year.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 28 (UP).—
Major railroads will cite President
Roosevelt's desire to revitalize busi
ness when they open their drive
Monday before the Interstate Com
merce Commission for freight rate
increases totaling $450,000,000 an
nually.
The roads seek to add the new
increases to recent rate advances
which upped their revenue $47,500,-
000 a year.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 28 (UP).—
Major railroads will cite President
Roosevelt's desire to revitalize busi
ness when they open their drive
Monday before the Interstate Com
merce Commission for freight rate
increases totaling $450,000,000 an
nually.
The roads seek to add the new
increases to recent rate advances
which upped their revenue $47,500,-
000 a year.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 28 (UP).—
Major railroads will cite President
Roosevelt's desire to revitalize busi
ness when they open their drive
Monday before the Interstate Com
merce Commission for freight rate
increases totaling $450,000,000 an
nually.
The roads seek to add the new
increases to recent rate advances
which upped their revenue $47,500,-
000 a year.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 28 (UP).—
Major railroads will cite President
Roosevelt's desire to revitalize busi
ness when they open their drive
Monday before the Interstate Com
merce Commission for freight rate
increases totaling $450,000,000 an
nually.
The roads seek to add the new
increases to recent rate advances
which upped their revenue $47,500,-
000 a year.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 28 (UP).—
Major railroads will cite President
Roosevelt's desire to revitalize busi
ness when they open their drive
Monday before the Interstate Com
merce Commission for freight rate
increases totaling $450,000,000 an
nually.
The roads seek to add the new
increases to recent rate advances
which upped their revenue $47,500,-
000 a year.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 28 (UP).—
Major railroads will cite President
Roosevelt's desire to revitalize busi
ness when they open their drive
Monday before the Interstate Com
merce Commission for freight rate
increases totaling $450,000,000 an
nually.
The roads seek to add the new
increases to recent rate advances
which upped their revenue $47,500,-
000 a year.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 28 (UP).—
Major railroads will cite President
Roosevelt's desire to revitalize busi
ness when they open their drive
Monday before the Interstate Com
merce Commission for freight rate
increases totaling $450,000,000 an
nually.
The roads seek to add the new
increases to recent rate advances
which upped their revenue $47,500,-
000 a year.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 28 (UP).—
Major railroads will cite President
Roosevelt's desire to revitalize busi
ness when they open their drive
Monday before the Interstate Com
merce Commission for freight rate
increases totaling $450,000,000 an
nually.
The roads seek to add the new
increases to recent rate advances
which upped their revenue $47,500,-
000 a year.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 28 (UP).—
Major railroads will cite President
Roosevelt's desire to revitalize busi
ness when they open their drive
Monday before the Interstate Com
merce Commission for freight rate
increases totaling $450,000,000 an
nually.
The roads seek to add the new
increases to recent rate advances
which upped their revenue $47,500,-
000 a year.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 28 (UP).—
Major railroads will cite President
Roosevelt's desire to revitalize busi
ness when they open their drive
Monday before the Interstate Com
merce Commission for freight rate
increases totaling $450,000,000 an
nually.
The roads seek to add the new
increases to recent rate advances
which upped their revenue $47,500,-
000 a year.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 28 (UP).—
Major railroads will cite President
Roosevelt's desire to revitalize busi
ness when they open their drive
Monday before the Interstate Com
merce Commission for freight rate
increases totaling $450,000,000 an
nually.
The roads seek to add the new
increases to recent rate advances
which upped their revenue $47,500,-
000 a year.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 28 (UP).—
Major railroads will cite President
Roosevelt's desire to revitalize busi
ness when they open their drive
Monday before the Interstate Com
merce Commission for freight rate
increases totaling $450,000,000 an
nually.
The roads seek to add the new
increases to recent rate advances
which upped their revenue $47,500,-
000 a year.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 28 (UP).—
Major railroads will cite President
Roosevelt's desire to revitalize busi
ness when they open their drive
Monday before the Interstate Com
merce Commission for freight rate
increases totaling $450,000,000 an
nually.
The roads seek to add the new
increases to recent rate advances
which upped their revenue $47,500,-
000 a year.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 28 (UP).—
Major railroads will cite President
Roosevelt's desire to revitalize busi
ness when they open their drive
Monday before the Interstate Com
merce Commission for freight rate
increases totaling $450,000,000 an
nually.
The roads seek to add the new
increases to recent rate advances
which upped their revenue $47,500,-
000 a year.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 28 (UP).—
Major railroads will cite President
Roosevelt's desire to revitalize busi
ness when they open their drive
Monday before the Interstate Com
merce Commission for freight rate
increases totaling $450,000,000 an
nually.
The roads seek to add the new
increases to recent rate advances
which upped their revenue $47,500,-
000 a year.
