# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
f' . i
i r H E CfS' ffOKEt. ;
WOMEN'S SHOP
Full Circic Mcnswear
flannel skirts
can be worn with
Velvet blouses for dates
or icrsey for sportswear
OXFORD—CHARCOAL
$22.95
Phelps
Terliel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
f' . i
i r H E CfS' ffOKEt. ;
WOMEN'S SHOP
Full Circic Mcnswear
flannel skirts
can be worn with
Velvet blouses for dates
or icrsey for sportswear
OXFORD—CHARCOAL
$22.95
Phelps
Terliel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
f' . i
i r H E CfS' ffOKEt. ;
WOMEN'S SHOP
Full Circic Mcnswear
flannel skirts
can be worn with
Velvet blouses for dates
or icrsey for sportswear
OXFORD—CHARCOAL
$22.95
Phelps
Terliel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
f' . i
i r H E CfS' ffOKEt. ;
WOMEN'S SHOP
Full Circic Mcnswear
flannel skirts
can be worn with
Velvet blouses for dates
or icrsey for sportswear
OXFORD—CHARCOAL
$22.95
Phelps
Terliel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
f' . i
i r H E CfS' ffOKEt. ;
WOMEN'S SHOP
Full Circic Mcnswear
flannel skirts
can be worn with
Velvet blouses for dates
or icrsey for sportswear
OXFORD—CHARCOAL
$22.95
Phelps
Terliel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
f' . i
i r H E CfS' ffOKEt. ;
WOMEN'S SHOP
Full Circic Mcnswear
flannel skirts
can be worn with
Velvet blouses for dates
or icrsey for sportswear
OXFORD—CHARCOAL
$22.95
Phelps
Terliel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
f' . i
i r H E CfS' ffOKEt. ;
WOMEN'S SHOP
Full Circic Mcnswear
flannel skirts
can be worn with
Velvet blouses for dates
or icrsey for sportswear
OXFORD—CHARCOAL
$22.95
Phelps
Terliel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
f' . i
i r H E CfS' ffOKEt. ;
WOMEN'S SHOP
Full Circic Mcnswear
flannel skirts
can be worn with
Velvet blouses for dates
or icrsey for sportswear
OXFORD—CHARCOAL
$22.95
Phelps
Terliel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
f' . i
i r H E CfS' ffOKEt. ;
WOMEN'S SHOP
Full Circic Mcnswear
flannel skirts
can be worn with
Velvet blouses for dates
or icrsey for sportswear
OXFORD—CHARCOAL
$22.95
Phelps
Terliel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
f' . i
i r H E CfS' ffOKEt. ;
WOMEN'S SHOP
Full Circic Mcnswear
flannel skirts
can be worn with
Velvet blouses for dates
or icrsey for sportswear
OXFORD—CHARCOAL
$22.95
Phelps
Terliel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
f' . i
i r H E CfS' ffOKEt. ;
WOMEN'S SHOP
Full Circic Mcnswear
flannel skirts
can be worn with
Velvet blouses for dates
or icrsey for sportswear
OXFORD—CHARCOAL
$22.95
Phelps
Terliel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
f' . i
i r H E CfS' ffOKEt. ;
WOMEN'S SHOP
Full Circic Mcnswear
flannel skirts
can be worn with
Velvet blouses for dates
or icrsey for sportswear
OXFORD—CHARCOAL
$22.95
Phelps
Terliel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
f' . i
i r H E CfS' ffOKEt. ;
WOMEN'S SHOP
Full Circic Mcnswear
flannel skirts
can be worn with
Velvet blouses for dates
or icrsey for sportswear
OXFORD—CHARCOAL
$22.95
Phelps
Terliel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
f' . i
i r H E CfS' ffOKEt. ;
WOMEN'S SHOP
Full Circic Mcnswear
flannel skirts
can be worn with
Velvet blouses for dates
or icrsey for sportswear
OXFORD—CHARCOAL
$22.95
Phelps
Terliel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
f' . i
i r H E CfS' ffOKEt. ;
WOMEN'S SHOP
Full Circic Mcnswear
flannel skirts
can be worn with
Velvet blouses for dates
or icrsey for sportswear
OXFORD—CHARCOAL
$22.95
Phelps
Terliel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
f' . i
i r H E CfS' ffOKEt. ;
WOMEN'S SHOP
Full Circic Mcnswear
flannel skirts
can be worn with
Velvet blouses for dates
or icrsey for sportswear
OXFORD—CHARCOAL
$22.95
Phelps
Terliel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
