# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. <;f (lie day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. <;f (lie day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. <;f (lie day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. <;f (lie day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. <;f (lie day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. <;f (lie day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. <;f (lie day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. <;f (lie day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. <;f (lie day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. <;f (lie day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. <;f (lie day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. <;f (lie day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. <;f (lie day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. <;f (lie day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. <;f (lie day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. <;f (lie day
before publication.
