# Physiology Club Elects.
## 
### 
At the initial meeting of the Phys
iology CMuI), the organization of the
medical students, the following offi
cers were chosen for the semester:
President, R. Draper; vice-president,
Miss P. Wunlop; secretary, Miss R.
Weiss; treasurer. Miss I. Tognazzini.
At the initial meeting of the Phys
iology CMuI), the organization of the
medical students, the following offi
cers were chosen for the semester:
President, R. Draper; vice-president,
Miss P. Wunlop; secretary, Miss R.
Weiss; treasurer. Miss I. Tognazzini.
At the initial meeting of the Phys
iology CMuI), the organization of the
medical students, the following offi
cers were chosen for the semester:
President, R. Draper; vice-president,
Miss P. Wunlop; secretary, Miss R.
Weiss; treasurer. Miss I. Tognazzini.
At the initial meeting of the Phys
iology CMuI), the organization of the
medical students, the following offi
cers were chosen for the semester:
President, R. Draper; vice-president,
Miss P. Wunlop; secretary, Miss R.
Weiss; treasurer. Miss I. Tognazzini.
At the initial meeting of the Phys
iology CMuI), the organization of the
medical students, the following offi
cers were chosen for the semester:
President, R. Draper; vice-president,
Miss P. Wunlop; secretary, Miss R.
Weiss; treasurer. Miss I. Tognazzini.
At the initial meeting of the Phys
iology CMuI), the organization of the
medical students, the following offi
cers were chosen for the semester:
President, R. Draper; vice-president,
Miss P. Wunlop; secretary, Miss R.
Weiss; treasurer. Miss I. Tognazzini.
At the initial meeting of the Phys
iology CMuI), the organization of the
medical students, the following offi
cers were chosen for the semester:
President, R. Draper; vice-president,
Miss P. Wunlop; secretary, Miss R.
Weiss; treasurer. Miss I. Tognazzini.
At the initial meeting of the Phys
iology CMuI), the organization of the
medical students, the following offi
cers were chosen for the semester:
President, R. Draper; vice-president,
Miss P. Wunlop; secretary, Miss R.
Weiss; treasurer. Miss I. Tognazzini.
At the initial meeting of the Phys
iology CMuI), the organization of the
medical students, the following offi
cers were chosen for the semester:
President, R. Draper; vice-president,
Miss P. Wunlop; secretary, Miss R.
Weiss; treasurer. Miss I. Tognazzini.
At the initial meeting of the Phys
iology CMuI), the organization of the
medical students, the following offi
cers were chosen for the semester:
President, R. Draper; vice-president,
Miss P. Wunlop; secretary, Miss R.
Weiss; treasurer. Miss I. Tognazzini.
At the initial meeting of the Phys
iology CMuI), the organization of the
medical students, the following offi
cers were chosen for the semester:
President, R. Draper; vice-president,
Miss P. Wunlop; secretary, Miss R.
Weiss; treasurer. Miss I. Tognazzini.
At the initial meeting of the Phys
iology CMuI), the organization of the
medical students, the following offi
cers were chosen for the semester:
President, R. Draper; vice-president,
Miss P. Wunlop; secretary, Miss R.
Weiss; treasurer. Miss I. Tognazzini.
At the initial meeting of the Phys
iology CMuI), the organization of the
medical students, the following offi
cers were chosen for the semester:
President, R. Draper; vice-president,
Miss P. Wunlop; secretary, Miss R.
Weiss; treasurer. Miss I. Tognazzini.
At the initial meeting of the Phys
iology CMuI), the organization of the
medical students, the following offi
cers were chosen for the semester:
President, R. Draper; vice-president,
Miss P. Wunlop; secretary, Miss R.
Weiss; treasurer. Miss I. Tognazzini.
