# OATQ
## 
### 
Today
ASSU Fee Refunds: ASSU fee
refunds will be held today and
July 14-18 from 9 a.m.-4 p.m. on
the ASSU back patio. Bring your
summer quarter 1986 student
I.D. card and your spring quarter
1985 voter's receipt.

Noon Concert at Tresidder Union:
STARTS will feature another
noon jazz concert with Sundog's
Trio for your lunchtime enjoy
ment.
Future
Clinical Research Experience: Gain
clinical research experience and
receive academic credit working
on a project examining stress and
Type A behavior. Meeting July 18
at noon, CERAS 310, or call 723-
3897.
Coffee House TTiursday Jazz: The
Ed Kelly Trio will perform
Thursday, July 17 from 9-11 p.m.
The Coffee House.
Indian Feminist Editor: Madhu
Kishwar of Manushi will speak at
the Bechtel International Center

July 17 at 7:30 p.m. For more in
formation call 856-8381
(evenings).
Monday Jazz Session: An all-star
jazz session with Jimmy Nadel.
Monday 9-11 p.m. The Coffee
House.

Nathan Oliveira Sculpture and
Monotypes: Docent tour Sunday
at 2 p.m. at the Stanford Gallery
of Art.
Outing Club July-August Trips:
Angel Island dayhike, two Sierra
backpacks, one Pacific backpack.

Contact I-Center and read OATQ
for details.
SOAR Rock Climbing: Basic rock
climbing instruction Saturday,
Jul\ 19. Pre-trip meeting Tuesday
at 7:30 p.m. in Room 132,
Tresidder Union.

