# KLAHOYA CLUB MEETS
## 
### 
Dean Mary Yost talked on the new
course for women at yesterday's
meeting of Klahoya Club, organiza
tion of oil-campus women. Betty
Moser gave a short talk on the
Y.W.C.A. finance drive before lunch
was served.
Dean Mary Yost talked on the new
course for women at yesterday's
meeting of Klahoya Club, organiza
tion of oil-campus women. Betty
Moser gave a short talk on the
Y.W.C.A. finance drive before lunch
was served.
Dean Mary Yost talked on the new
course for women at yesterday's
meeting of Klahoya Club, organiza
tion of oil-campus women. Betty
Moser gave a short talk on the
Y.W.C.A. finance drive before lunch
was served.
Dean Mary Yost talked on the new
course for women at yesterday's
meeting of Klahoya Club, organiza
tion of oil-campus women. Betty
Moser gave a short talk on the
Y.W.C.A. finance drive before lunch
was served.
Dean Mary Yost talked on the new
course for women at yesterday's
meeting of Klahoya Club, organiza
tion of oil-campus women. Betty
Moser gave a short talk on the
Y.W.C.A. finance drive before lunch
was served.
Dean Mary Yost talked on the new
course for women at yesterday's
meeting of Klahoya Club, organiza
tion of oil-campus women. Betty
Moser gave a short talk on the
Y.W.C.A. finance drive before lunch
was served.
Dean Mary Yost talked on the new
course for women at yesterday's
meeting of Klahoya Club, organiza
tion of oil-campus women. Betty
Moser gave a short talk on the
Y.W.C.A. finance drive before lunch
was served.
Dean Mary Yost talked on the new
course for women at yesterday's
meeting of Klahoya Club, organiza
tion of oil-campus women. Betty
Moser gave a short talk on the
Y.W.C.A. finance drive before lunch
was served.
Dean Mary Yost talked on the new
course for women at yesterday's
meeting of Klahoya Club, organiza
tion of oil-campus women. Betty
Moser gave a short talk on the
Y.W.C.A. finance drive before lunch
was served.
Dean Mary Yost talked on the new
course for women at yesterday's
meeting of Klahoya Club, organiza
tion of oil-campus women. Betty
Moser gave a short talk on the
Y.W.C.A. finance drive before lunch
was served.
Dean Mary Yost talked on the new
course for women at yesterday's
meeting of Klahoya Club, organiza
tion of oil-campus women. Betty
Moser gave a short talk on the
Y.W.C.A. finance drive before lunch
was served.
Dean Mary Yost talked on the new
course for women at yesterday's
meeting of Klahoya Club, organiza
tion of oil-campus women. Betty
Moser gave a short talk on the
Y.W.C.A. finance drive before lunch
was served.
Dean Mary Yost talked on the new
course for women at yesterday's
meeting of Klahoya Club, organiza
tion of oil-campus women. Betty
Moser gave a short talk on the
Y.W.C.A. finance drive before lunch
was served.
Dean Mary Yost talked on the new
course for women at yesterday's
meeting of Klahoya Club, organiza
tion of oil-campus women. Betty
Moser gave a short talk on the
Y.W.C.A. finance drive before lunch
was served.
Dean Mary Yost talked on the new
course for women at yesterday's
meeting of Klahoya Club, organiza
tion of oil-campus women. Betty
Moser gave a short talk on the
Y.W.C.A. finance drive before lunch
was served.
