# Frosh Play S.F. Quintet Tonight
## 
### 
Meeting their toughest opponent to
date, San Francisco Jaysee, tonight
at 7:30 in the Pavilion, frosh basket
ballers are prepared to play a faster
game than their fans have ever be
fore seen, if pre-game preparations
are any indication.
Mentor Gorter spent over half of
yesterday's practice time whipping
his cohorts through fast breaks from
one end of the floor to the other.
Two quintets vyere working all the
time, Wytze starting off each break
with a shot at the basket. As soon as
one team had roared down the hard
wood to score, the other would start.
And missed shots were very few.
Bob Oakford, small skillful dark
horse who in the last thi - ee weeks has
become outstanding in the forward
post, has been in the hospital since
Tuesday with the flu. Much is ex
pected of Wilburt Anderson and La-
Faille, skillful in guard and forward
positions, respectively.
