# U.C.L.A. Biologist To Talk on Thyroid
## 
### 
Dr. Bennet M. Allen, professor of
zoology at the University of Califor
nia at Los Angeles, will speak on the
relation of the thyroid gland and
hypophysis to amphibian metamor
phosis ;it the weekly biology seminar
this afternoon.
Dr. Allen is known for his contri
butions to experimental biology es
pecially in regard to the functions of
the ductless glands and thyroid. The
biology seminars are open to the
public and are held ;it 4:20 in Room
Dr. Bennet M. Allen, professor of
zoology at the University of Califor
nia at Los Angeles, will speak on the
relation of the thyroid gland and
hypophysis to amphibian metamor
phosis ;it the weekly biology seminar
this afternoon.
Dr. Allen is known for his contri
butions to experimental biology es
pecially in regard to the functions of
the ductless glands and thyroid. The
biology seminars are open to the
public and are held ;it 4:20 in Room
Dr. Bennet M. Allen, professor of
zoology at the University of Califor
nia at Los Angeles, will speak on the
relation of the thyroid gland and
hypophysis to amphibian metamor
phosis ;it the weekly biology seminar
this afternoon.
Dr. Allen is known for his contri
butions to experimental biology es
pecially in regard to the functions of
the ductless glands and thyroid. The
biology seminars are open to the
public and are held ;it 4:20 in Room
Dr. Bennet M. Allen, professor of
zoology at the University of Califor
nia at Los Angeles, will speak on the
relation of the thyroid gland and
hypophysis to amphibian metamor
phosis ;it the weekly biology seminar
this afternoon.
Dr. Allen is known for his contri
butions to experimental biology es
pecially in regard to the functions of
the ductless glands and thyroid. The
biology seminars are open to the
public and are held ;it 4:20 in Room
Dr. Bennet M. Allen, professor of
zoology at the University of Califor
nia at Los Angeles, will speak on the
relation of the thyroid gland and
hypophysis to amphibian metamor
phosis ;it the weekly biology seminar
this afternoon.
Dr. Allen is known for his contri
butions to experimental biology es
pecially in regard to the functions of
the ductless glands and thyroid. The
biology seminars are open to the
public and are held ;it 4:20 in Room
Dr. Bennet M. Allen, professor of
zoology at the University of Califor
nia at Los Angeles, will speak on the
relation of the thyroid gland and
hypophysis to amphibian metamor
phosis ;it the weekly biology seminar
this afternoon.
Dr. Allen is known for his contri
butions to experimental biology es
pecially in regard to the functions of
the ductless glands and thyroid. The
biology seminars are open to the
public and are held ;it 4:20 in Room
Dr. Bennet M. Allen, professor of
zoology at the University of Califor
nia at Los Angeles, will speak on the
relation of the thyroid gland and
hypophysis to amphibian metamor
phosis ;it the weekly biology seminar
this afternoon.
Dr. Allen is known for his contri
butions to experimental biology es
pecially in regard to the functions of
the ductless glands and thyroid. The
biology seminars are open to the
public and are held ;it 4:20 in Room
Dr. Bennet M. Allen, professor of
zoology at the University of Califor
nia at Los Angeles, will speak on the
relation of the thyroid gland and
hypophysis to amphibian metamor
phosis ;it the weekly biology seminar
this afternoon.
Dr. Allen is known for his contri
butions to experimental biology es
pecially in regard to the functions of
the ductless glands and thyroid. The
biology seminars are open to the
public and are held ;it 4:20 in Room
Dr. Bennet M. Allen, professor of
zoology at the University of Califor
nia at Los Angeles, will speak on the
relation of the thyroid gland and
hypophysis to amphibian metamor
phosis ;it the weekly biology seminar
this afternoon.
Dr. Allen is known for his contri
butions to experimental biology es
pecially in regard to the functions of
the ductless glands and thyroid. The
biology seminars are open to the
public and are held ;it 4:20 in Room
Dr. Bennet M. Allen, professor of
zoology at the University of Califor
nia at Los Angeles, will speak on the
relation of the thyroid gland and
hypophysis to amphibian metamor
phosis ;it the weekly biology seminar
this afternoon.
Dr. Allen is known for his contri
butions to experimental biology es
pecially in regard to the functions of
the ductless glands and thyroid. The
biology seminars are open to the
public and are held ;it 4:20 in Room
Dr. Bennet M. Allen, professor of
zoology at the University of Califor
nia at Los Angeles, will speak on the
relation of the thyroid gland and
hypophysis to amphibian metamor
phosis ;it the weekly biology seminar
this afternoon.
Dr. Allen is known for his contri
butions to experimental biology es
pecially in regard to the functions of
the ductless glands and thyroid. The
biology seminars are open to the
public and are held ;it 4:20 in Room
Dr. Bennet M. Allen, professor of
zoology at the University of Califor
nia at Los Angeles, will speak on the
relation of the thyroid gland and
hypophysis to amphibian metamor
phosis ;it the weekly biology seminar
this afternoon.
Dr. Allen is known for his contri
butions to experimental biology es
pecially in regard to the functions of
the ductless glands and thyroid. The
biology seminars are open to the
public and are held ;it 4:20 in Room
Dr. Bennet M. Allen, professor of
zoology at the University of Califor
nia at Los Angeles, will speak on the
relation of the thyroid gland and
hypophysis to amphibian metamor
phosis ;it the weekly biology seminar
this afternoon.
Dr. Allen is known for his contri
butions to experimental biology es
pecially in regard to the functions of
the ductless glands and thyroid. The
biology seminars are open to the
public and are held ;it 4:20 in Room
Dr. Bennet M. Allen, professor of
zoology at the University of Califor
nia at Los Angeles, will speak on the
relation of the thyroid gland and
hypophysis to amphibian metamor
phosis ;it the weekly biology seminar
this afternoon.
Dr. Allen is known for his contri
butions to experimental biology es
pecially in regard to the functions of
the ductless glands and thyroid. The
biology seminars are open to the
public and are held ;it 4:20 in Room
Dr. Bennet M. Allen, professor of
zoology at the University of Califor
nia at Los Angeles, will speak on the
relation of the thyroid gland and
hypophysis to amphibian metamor
phosis ;it the weekly biology seminar
this afternoon.
Dr. Allen is known for his contri
butions to experimental biology es
pecially in regard to the functions of
the ductless glands and thyroid. The
biology seminars are open to the
public and are held ;it 4:20 in Room
