# FIJI PLEDGES
## 
### 
Phi Gamma Delta announces the
pledging of John M. Haffner and
John D. Morgan, both of the Class
of '38.
Phi Gamma Delta announces the
pledging of John M. Haffner and
John D. Morgan, both of the Class
of '38.
Phi Gamma Delta announces the
pledging of John M. Haffner and
John D. Morgan, both of the Class
of '38.
Phi Gamma Delta announces the
pledging of John M. Haffner and
John D. Morgan, both of the Class
of '38.
Phi Gamma Delta announces the
pledging of John M. Haffner and
John D. Morgan, both of the Class
of '38.
Phi Gamma Delta announces the
pledging of John M. Haffner and
John D. Morgan, both of the Class
of '38.
Phi Gamma Delta announces the
pledging of John M. Haffner and
John D. Morgan, both of the Class
of '38.
Phi Gamma Delta announces the
pledging of John M. Haffner and
John D. Morgan, both of the Class
of '38.
Phi Gamma Delta announces the
pledging of John M. Haffner and
John D. Morgan, both of the Class
of '38.
Phi Gamma Delta announces the
pledging of John M. Haffner and
John D. Morgan, both of the Class
of '38.
Phi Gamma Delta announces the
pledging of John M. Haffner and
John D. Morgan, both of the Class
of '38.
Phi Gamma Delta announces the
pledging of John M. Haffner and
John D. Morgan, both of the Class
of '38.
Phi Gamma Delta announces the
pledging of John M. Haffner and
John D. Morgan, both of the Class
of '38.
Phi Gamma Delta announces the
pledging of John M. Haffner and
John D. Morgan, both of the Class
of '38.
Phi Gamma Delta announces the
pledging of John M. Haffner and
John D. Morgan, both of the Class
of '38.
