# Where's My Bike?
## 
### 

Freshman year is learning how to rid© a bicycle
again. The fmrtiman at Stanford soon learns that
riding a bicycle isn't such a childish thing any
more and that a bicycle may ever be a better
means of transportation that a car, especially
when he has to get to an 8:00 class on Inner
Quad in two minutes. But at that hour, it may be
hard to find his own bike.

Freshman year is learning how to rid© a bicycle
again. The fmrtiman at Stanford soon learns that
riding a bicycle isn't such a childish thing any
more and that a bicycle may ever be a better
means of transportation that a car, especially
when he has to get to an 8:00 class on Inner
Quad in two minutes. But at that hour, it may be
hard to find his own bike.

Freshman year is learning how to rid© a bicycle
again. The fmrtiman at Stanford soon learns that
riding a bicycle isn't such a childish thing any
more and that a bicycle may ever be a better
means of transportation that a car, especially
when he has to get to an 8:00 class on Inner
Quad in two minutes. But at that hour, it may be
hard to find his own bike.

Freshman year is learning how to rid© a bicycle
again. The fmrtiman at Stanford soon learns that
riding a bicycle isn't such a childish thing any
more and that a bicycle may ever be a better
means of transportation that a car, especially
when he has to get to an 8:00 class on Inner
Quad in two minutes. But at that hour, it may be
hard to find his own bike.

Freshman year is learning how to rid© a bicycle
again. The fmrtiman at Stanford soon learns that
riding a bicycle isn't such a childish thing any
more and that a bicycle may ever be a better
means of transportation that a car, especially
when he has to get to an 8:00 class on Inner
Quad in two minutes. But at that hour, it may be
hard to find his own bike.

Freshman year is learning how to rid© a bicycle
again. The fmrtiman at Stanford soon learns that
riding a bicycle isn't such a childish thing any
more and that a bicycle may ever be a better
means of transportation that a car, especially
when he has to get to an 8:00 class on Inner
Quad in two minutes. But at that hour, it may be
hard to find his own bike.

Freshman year is learning how to rid© a bicycle
again. The fmrtiman at Stanford soon learns that
riding a bicycle isn't such a childish thing any
more and that a bicycle may ever be a better
means of transportation that a car, especially
when he has to get to an 8:00 class on Inner
Quad in two minutes. But at that hour, it may be
hard to find his own bike.

Freshman year is learning how to rid© a bicycle
again. The fmrtiman at Stanford soon learns that
riding a bicycle isn't such a childish thing any
more and that a bicycle may ever be a better
means of transportation that a car, especially
when he has to get to an 8:00 class on Inner
Quad in two minutes. But at that hour, it may be
hard to find his own bike.

Freshman year is learning how to rid© a bicycle
again. The fmrtiman at Stanford soon learns that
riding a bicycle isn't such a childish thing any
more and that a bicycle may ever be a better
means of transportation that a car, especially
when he has to get to an 8:00 class on Inner
Quad in two minutes. But at that hour, it may be
hard to find his own bike.

Freshman year is learning how to rid© a bicycle
again. The fmrtiman at Stanford soon learns that
riding a bicycle isn't such a childish thing any
more and that a bicycle may ever be a better
means of transportation that a car, especially
when he has to get to an 8:00 class on Inner
Quad in two minutes. But at that hour, it may be
hard to find his own bike.

Freshman year is learning how to rid© a bicycle
again. The fmrtiman at Stanford soon learns that
riding a bicycle isn't such a childish thing any
more and that a bicycle may ever be a better
means of transportation that a car, especially
when he has to get to an 8:00 class on Inner
Quad in two minutes. But at that hour, it may be
hard to find his own bike.

Freshman year is learning how to rid© a bicycle
again. The fmrtiman at Stanford soon learns that
riding a bicycle isn't such a childish thing any
more and that a bicycle may ever be a better
means of transportation that a car, especially
when he has to get to an 8:00 class on Inner
Quad in two minutes. But at that hour, it may be
hard to find his own bike.

Freshman year is learning how to rid© a bicycle
again. The fmrtiman at Stanford soon learns that
riding a bicycle isn't such a childish thing any
more and that a bicycle may ever be a better
means of transportation that a car, especially
when he has to get to an 8:00 class on Inner
Quad in two minutes. But at that hour, it may be
hard to find his own bike.

Freshman year is learning how to rid© a bicycle
again. The fmrtiman at Stanford soon learns that
riding a bicycle isn't such a childish thing any
more and that a bicycle may ever be a better
means of transportation that a car, especially
when he has to get to an 8:00 class on Inner
Quad in two minutes. But at that hour, it may be
hard to find his own bike.
