# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS*.
*
B &
g The dirtiest bucks
in the world and
™ the most authentic
11 saddle shoes arc B
£j| made by Spalding,
mi a company that m
sheds a little
tear of joy every B
19 time you buy one
of their shoes. Pi
IJjjj Make them really
m happy and buy two! H
® Bucks ... 13.95,
■ saddles... 14.95
E.it RA. 1
B I
Wot.*
INDIANS*.
*
B &
g The dirtiest bucks
in the world and
™ the most authentic
11 saddle shoes arc B
£j| made by Spalding,
mi a company that m
sheds a little
tear of joy every B
19 time you buy one
of their shoes. Pi
IJjjj Make them really
m happy and buy two! H
® Bucks ... 13.95,
■ saddles... 14.95
E.it RA. 1
B I
Wot.*
INDIANS*.
*
B &
g The dirtiest bucks
in the world and
™ the most authentic
11 saddle shoes arc B
£j| made by Spalding,
mi a company that m
sheds a little
tear of joy every B
19 time you buy one
of their shoes. Pi
IJjjj Make them really
m happy and buy two! H
® Bucks ... 13.95,
■ saddles... 14.95
E.it RA. 1
B I
Wot.*
INDIANS*.
*
B &
g The dirtiest bucks
in the world and
™ the most authentic
11 saddle shoes arc B
£j| made by Spalding,
mi a company that m
sheds a little
tear of joy every B
19 time you buy one
of their shoes. Pi
IJjjj Make them really
m happy and buy two! H
® Bucks ... 13.95,
■ saddles... 14.95
E.it RA. 1
B I
Wot.*
INDIANS*.
*
B &
g The dirtiest bucks
in the world and
™ the most authentic
11 saddle shoes arc B
£j| made by Spalding,
mi a company that m
sheds a little
tear of joy every B
19 time you buy one
of their shoes. Pi
IJjjj Make them really
m happy and buy two! H
® Bucks ... 13.95,
■ saddles... 14.95
E.it RA. 1
B I
Wot.*
INDIANS*.
*
B &
g The dirtiest bucks
in the world and
™ the most authentic
11 saddle shoes arc B
£j| made by Spalding,
mi a company that m
sheds a little
tear of joy every B
19 time you buy one
of their shoes. Pi
IJjjj Make them really
m happy and buy two! H
® Bucks ... 13.95,
■ saddles... 14.95
E.it RA. 1
B I
Wot.*
INDIANS*.
*
B &
g The dirtiest bucks
in the world and
™ the most authentic
11 saddle shoes arc B
£j| made by Spalding,
mi a company that m
sheds a little
tear of joy every B
19 time you buy one
of their shoes. Pi
IJjjj Make them really
m happy and buy two! H
® Bucks ... 13.95,
■ saddles... 14.95
E.it RA. 1
B I
Wot.*
INDIANS*.
*
B &
g The dirtiest bucks
in the world and
™ the most authentic
11 saddle shoes arc B
£j| made by Spalding,
mi a company that m
sheds a little
tear of joy every B
19 time you buy one
of their shoes. Pi
IJjjj Make them really
m happy and buy two! H
® Bucks ... 13.95,
■ saddles... 14.95
E.it RA. 1
B I
Wot.*
INDIANS*.
*
B &
g The dirtiest bucks
in the world and
™ the most authentic
11 saddle shoes arc B
£j| made by Spalding,
mi a company that m
sheds a little
tear of joy every B
19 time you buy one
of their shoes. Pi
IJjjj Make them really
m happy and buy two! H
® Bucks ... 13.95,
■ saddles... 14.95
E.it RA. 1
B I
Wot.*
INDIANS*.
*
B &
g The dirtiest bucks
in the world and
™ the most authentic
11 saddle shoes arc B
£j| made by Spalding,
mi a company that m
sheds a little
tear of joy every B
19 time you buy one
of their shoes. Pi
IJjjj Make them really
m happy and buy two! H
® Bucks ... 13.95,
■ saddles... 14.95
E.it RA. 1
B I
Wot.*
INDIANS*.
*
B &
g The dirtiest bucks
in the world and
™ the most authentic
11 saddle shoes arc B
£j| made by Spalding,
mi a company that m
sheds a little
tear of joy every B
19 time you buy one
of their shoes. Pi
IJjjj Make them really
m happy and buy two! H
® Bucks ... 13.95,
■ saddles... 14.95
E.it RA. 1
B I
Wot.*
INDIANS*.
*
B &
g The dirtiest bucks
in the world and
™ the most authentic
11 saddle shoes arc B
£j| made by Spalding,
mi a company that m
sheds a little
tear of joy every B
19 time you buy one
of their shoes. Pi
IJjjj Make them really
m happy and buy two! H
® Bucks ... 13.95,
■ saddles... 14.95
E.it RA. 1
B I
Wot.*
INDIANS*.
*
B &
g The dirtiest bucks
in the world and
™ the most authentic
11 saddle shoes arc B
£j| made by Spalding,
mi a company that m
sheds a little
tear of joy every B
19 time you buy one
of their shoes. Pi
IJjjj Make them really
m happy and buy two! H
® Bucks ... 13.95,
■ saddles... 14.95
E.it RA. 1
B I
Wot.*
INDIANS*.
*
B &
g The dirtiest bucks
in the world and
™ the most authentic
11 saddle shoes arc B
£j| made by Spalding,
mi a company that m
sheds a little
tear of joy every B
19 time you buy one
of their shoes. Pi
IJjjj Make them really
m happy and buy two! H
® Bucks ... 13.95,
■ saddles... 14.95
E.it RA. 1
B I
Wot.*
INDIANS*.
*
B &
g The dirtiest bucks
in the world and
™ the most authentic
11 saddle shoes arc B
£j| made by Spalding,
mi a company that m
sheds a little
tear of joy every B
19 time you buy one
of their shoes. Pi
IJjjj Make them really
m happy and buy two! H
® Bucks ... 13.95,
■ saddles... 14.95
E.it RA. 1
B I
Wot.*
INDIANS*.
*
B &
g The dirtiest bucks
in the world and
™ the most authentic
11 saddle shoes arc B
£j| made by Spalding,
mi a company that m
sheds a little
tear of joy every B
19 time you buy one
of their shoes. Pi
IJjjj Make them really
m happy and buy two! H
® Bucks ... 13.95,
■ saddles... 14.95
E.it RA. 1
B I
Wot.*
INDIANS*.
*
B &
g The dirtiest bucks
in the world and
™ the most authentic
11 saddle shoes arc B
£j| made by Spalding,
mi a company that m
sheds a little
tear of joy every B
19 time you buy one
of their shoes. Pi
IJjjj Make them really
m happy and buy two! H
® Bucks ... 13.95,
■ saddles... 14.95
E.it RA. 1
B I
Wot.*
INDIANS*.
*
B &
g The dirtiest bucks
in the world and
™ the most authentic
11 saddle shoes arc B
£j| made by Spalding,
mi a company that m
sheds a little
tear of joy every B
19 time you buy one
of their shoes. Pi
IJjjj Make them really
m happy and buy two! H
® Bucks ... 13.95,
■ saddles... 14.95
E.it RA. 1
B I
Wot.*
