# Frosh Musicians At Sidewalk Cafe
## 
### 
Tony Komarof and his combo
of freshman musicians will enter
tain tonight at 9:30 at the Side
walk Cafe. The cafe is located
across the street from the post
office, next to the"I" Center.
Expresso coffee and Danish
pastry are served from 2:30 to
5:30 p.m. every day execpt Satur
day and from 8 to 11 p.m. every
evening except Friday and Satur
day.
Tony Komarof and his combo
of freshman musicians will enter
tain tonight at 9:30 at the Side
walk Cafe. The cafe is located
across the street from the post
office, next to the"I" Center.
Expresso coffee and Danish
pastry are served from 2:30 to
5:30 p.m. every day execpt Satur
day and from 8 to 11 p.m. every
evening except Friday and Satur
day.
Tony Komarof and his combo
of freshman musicians will enter
tain tonight at 9:30 at the Side
walk Cafe. The cafe is located
across the street from the post
office, next to the"I" Center.
Expresso coffee and Danish
pastry are served from 2:30 to
5:30 p.m. every day execpt Satur
day and from 8 to 11 p.m. every
evening except Friday and Satur
day.
Tony Komarof and his combo
of freshman musicians will enter
tain tonight at 9:30 at the Side
walk Cafe. The cafe is located
across the street from the post
office, next to the"I" Center.
Expresso coffee and Danish
pastry are served from 2:30 to
5:30 p.m. every day execpt Satur
day and from 8 to 11 p.m. every
evening except Friday and Satur
day.
Tony Komarof and his combo
of freshman musicians will enter
tain tonight at 9:30 at the Side
walk Cafe. The cafe is located
across the street from the post
office, next to the"I" Center.
Expresso coffee and Danish
pastry are served from 2:30 to
5:30 p.m. every day execpt Satur
day and from 8 to 11 p.m. every
evening except Friday and Satur
day.
Tony Komarof and his combo
of freshman musicians will enter
tain tonight at 9:30 at the Side
walk Cafe. The cafe is located
across the street from the post
office, next to the"I" Center.
Expresso coffee and Danish
pastry are served from 2:30 to
5:30 p.m. every day execpt Satur
day and from 8 to 11 p.m. every
evening except Friday and Satur
day.
Tony Komarof and his combo
of freshman musicians will enter
tain tonight at 9:30 at the Side
walk Cafe. The cafe is located
across the street from the post
office, next to the"I" Center.
Expresso coffee and Danish
pastry are served from 2:30 to
5:30 p.m. every day execpt Satur
day and from 8 to 11 p.m. every
evening except Friday and Satur
day.
Tony Komarof and his combo
of freshman musicians will enter
tain tonight at 9:30 at the Side
walk Cafe. The cafe is located
across the street from the post
office, next to the"I" Center.
Expresso coffee and Danish
pastry are served from 2:30 to
5:30 p.m. every day execpt Satur
day and from 8 to 11 p.m. every
evening except Friday and Satur
day.
Tony Komarof and his combo
of freshman musicians will enter
tain tonight at 9:30 at the Side
walk Cafe. The cafe is located
across the street from the post
office, next to the"I" Center.
Expresso coffee and Danish
pastry are served from 2:30 to
5:30 p.m. every day execpt Satur
day and from 8 to 11 p.m. every
evening except Friday and Satur
day.
Tony Komarof and his combo
of freshman musicians will enter
tain tonight at 9:30 at the Side
walk Cafe. The cafe is located
across the street from the post
office, next to the"I" Center.
Expresso coffee and Danish
pastry are served from 2:30 to
5:30 p.m. every day execpt Satur
day and from 8 to 11 p.m. every
evening except Friday and Satur
day.
Tony Komarof and his combo
of freshman musicians will enter
tain tonight at 9:30 at the Side
walk Cafe. The cafe is located
across the street from the post
office, next to the"I" Center.
Expresso coffee and Danish
pastry are served from 2:30 to
5:30 p.m. every day execpt Satur
day and from 8 to 11 p.m. every
evening except Friday and Satur
day.
Tony Komarof and his combo
of freshman musicians will enter
tain tonight at 9:30 at the Side
walk Cafe. The cafe is located
across the street from the post
office, next to the"I" Center.
Expresso coffee and Danish
pastry are served from 2:30 to
5:30 p.m. every day execpt Satur
day and from 8 to 11 p.m. every
evening except Friday and Satur
day.
Tony Komarof and his combo
of freshman musicians will enter
tain tonight at 9:30 at the Side
walk Cafe. The cafe is located
across the street from the post
office, next to the"I" Center.
Expresso coffee and Danish
pastry are served from 2:30 to
5:30 p.m. every day execpt Satur
day and from 8 to 11 p.m. every
evening except Friday and Satur
day.
Tony Komarof and his combo
of freshman musicians will enter
tain tonight at 9:30 at the Side
walk Cafe. The cafe is located
across the street from the post
office, next to the"I" Center.
Expresso coffee and Danish
pastry are served from 2:30 to
5:30 p.m. every day execpt Satur
day and from 8 to 11 p.m. every
evening except Friday and Satur
day.
Tony Komarof and his combo
of freshman musicians will enter
tain tonight at 9:30 at the Side
walk Cafe. The cafe is located
across the street from the post
office, next to the"I" Center.
Expresso coffee and Danish
pastry are served from 2:30 to
5:30 p.m. every day execpt Satur
day and from 8 to 11 p.m. every
evening except Friday and Satur
day.
Tony Komarof and his combo
of freshman musicians will enter
tain tonight at 9:30 at the Side
walk Cafe. The cafe is located
across the street from the post
office, next to the"I" Center.
Expresso coffee and Danish
pastry are served from 2:30 to
5:30 p.m. every day execpt Satur
day and from 8 to 11 p.m. every
evening except Friday and Satur
day.
Tony Komarof and his combo
of freshman musicians will enter
tain tonight at 9:30 at the Side
walk Cafe. The cafe is located
across the street from the post
office, next to the"I" Center.
Expresso coffee and Danish
pastry are served from 2:30 to
5:30 p.m. every day execpt Satur
day and from 8 to 11 p.m. every
evening except Friday and Satur
day.
Tony Komarof and his combo
of freshman musicians will enter
tain tonight at 9:30 at the Side
walk Cafe. The cafe is located
across the street from the post
office, next to the"I" Center.
Expresso coffee and Danish
pastry are served from 2:30 to
5:30 p.m. every day execpt Satur
day and from 8 to 11 p.m. every
evening except Friday and Satur
day.
