# Togo's: A variety of subs
## 
### Richy Ross 
TOGO'S
4131 El Camino Way
Palo Alto
Daily 11 a.m.-10 p.m.

When all is said and done,
Togo's is probably still one
of the best places around to
go for a quick sub and a
beer.
Togo's offers a wide vari
ety of subs and sandwiches,
with prices in the $1 to $3
range. There are hot
sandwiches like the spicy
Italian sausage grinder for
those who prefer typical
fare, while discriminating
palates will savor such de
lights as the spiced ham,
spiced bologna, salami and
cheese grinder.
Togo'sdoes its best to suit
all potential patrons and has

even resorted to vegetarian
fillings on whole wheat
rolls. Surprisingly good was
the avocado, cucumber,
sprout, onion, and tomato
combination.
And for the finicky eater,
Togo's is well-versed in
such mild concoctions as
turkey and cheese on a bun,
although engineers please
note, the filling was a mere
1.2 cm thick.
For the rest of you , take
heart â€” Togo's sandwiches
are good if not great. Better
yet, there is a3-7p.m. happy
hour every day when beers
(light and dark) are available
for a mere 25 cents. Wine is
also available during these
hours at a very reasonable
price. No hard liquor is

served.
If you are in a hurry, To
go's offers phone-in order
ing service. Barring extreme
circumstances, your favo
rite Togo's sandwich or
grinder should be waiting
for you by the time you ar
rive from campus..Togo's
relatively liberal hours, 9
a.m.-10 p.m. seven days a
week, makes it especially
attractive to those students
who sometimes succumb to
study break munch-out ses
sions.
What Togo's lacks in at
mosphere arid quality is
made up for in convenience
and tradition. As a New
Yorker, I find the place
somewhat lacking in charac
terbutforCalifornia, it's not
bad.
