# I.C.C. Hierarchy-Elect
## 
### 

John Bacon (left) and Dave Bell were elected to the vice
presidency and presidency, respectively, of the I.C.C. Bell,
of El Campo eating club, acknowledges his victory by reiterat
ing his projected platform for increased eating club participa
tion in campus activities.

John Bacon (left) and Dave Bell were elected to the vice
presidency and presidency, respectively, of the I.C.C. Bell,
of El Campo eating club, acknowledges his victory by reiterat
ing his projected platform for increased eating club participa
tion in campus activities.

John Bacon (left) and Dave Bell were elected to the vice
presidency and presidency, respectively, of the I.C.C. Bell,
of El Campo eating club, acknowledges his victory by reiterat
ing his projected platform for increased eating club participa
tion in campus activities.

John Bacon (left) and Dave Bell were elected to the vice
presidency and presidency, respectively, of the I.C.C. Bell,
of El Campo eating club, acknowledges his victory by reiterat
ing his projected platform for increased eating club participa
tion in campus activities.

John Bacon (left) and Dave Bell were elected to the vice
presidency and presidency, respectively, of the I.C.C. Bell,
of El Campo eating club, acknowledges his victory by reiterat
ing his projected platform for increased eating club participa
tion in campus activities.

John Bacon (left) and Dave Bell were elected to the vice
presidency and presidency, respectively, of the I.C.C. Bell,
of El Campo eating club, acknowledges his victory by reiterat
ing his projected platform for increased eating club participa
tion in campus activities.

John Bacon (left) and Dave Bell were elected to the vice
presidency and presidency, respectively, of the I.C.C. Bell,
of El Campo eating club, acknowledges his victory by reiterat
ing his projected platform for increased eating club participa
tion in campus activities.

John Bacon (left) and Dave Bell were elected to the vice
presidency and presidency, respectively, of the I.C.C. Bell,
of El Campo eating club, acknowledges his victory by reiterat
ing his projected platform for increased eating club participa
tion in campus activities.

John Bacon (left) and Dave Bell were elected to the vice
presidency and presidency, respectively, of the I.C.C. Bell,
of El Campo eating club, acknowledges his victory by reiterat
ing his projected platform for increased eating club participa
tion in campus activities.

John Bacon (left) and Dave Bell were elected to the vice
presidency and presidency, respectively, of the I.C.C. Bell,
of El Campo eating club, acknowledges his victory by reiterat
ing his projected platform for increased eating club participa
tion in campus activities.

John Bacon (left) and Dave Bell were elected to the vice
presidency and presidency, respectively, of the I.C.C. Bell,
of El Campo eating club, acknowledges his victory by reiterat
ing his projected platform for increased eating club participa
tion in campus activities.

John Bacon (left) and Dave Bell were elected to the vice
presidency and presidency, respectively, of the I.C.C. Bell,
of El Campo eating club, acknowledges his victory by reiterat
ing his projected platform for increased eating club participa
tion in campus activities.

John Bacon (left) and Dave Bell were elected to the vice
presidency and presidency, respectively, of the I.C.C. Bell,
of El Campo eating club, acknowledges his victory by reiterat
ing his projected platform for increased eating club participa
tion in campus activities.

John Bacon (left) and Dave Bell were elected to the vice
presidency and presidency, respectively, of the I.C.C. Bell,
of El Campo eating club, acknowledges his victory by reiterat
ing his projected platform for increased eating club participa
tion in campus activities.

John Bacon (left) and Dave Bell were elected to the vice
presidency and presidency, respectively, of the I.C.C. Bell,
of El Campo eating club, acknowledges his victory by reiterat
ing his projected platform for increased eating club participa
tion in campus activities.
