# Swan's Sacrifice Bunt
## 
### 

Dick Swan, shortstop, lays clown a sacrifice bunt in the first
inning of the recent Santa Clara game. Pete Middlekauff ad-

vanced to second on the play, but failed to score when the next
two batters grounded out. Santa Clara won the game, 5-4.

Dick Swan, shortstop, lays clown a sacrifice bunt in the first
inning of the recent Santa Clara game. Pete Middlekauff ad-

vanced to second on the play, but failed to score when the next
two batters grounded out. Santa Clara won the game, 5-4.

Dick Swan, shortstop, lays clown a sacrifice bunt in the first
inning of the recent Santa Clara game. Pete Middlekauff ad-

vanced to second on the play, but failed to score when the next
two batters grounded out. Santa Clara won the game, 5-4.

Dick Swan, shortstop, lays clown a sacrifice bunt in the first
inning of the recent Santa Clara game. Pete Middlekauff ad-

vanced to second on the play, but failed to score when the next
two batters grounded out. Santa Clara won the game, 5-4.

Dick Swan, shortstop, lays clown a sacrifice bunt in the first
inning of the recent Santa Clara game. Pete Middlekauff ad-

vanced to second on the play, but failed to score when the next
two batters grounded out. Santa Clara won the game, 5-4.

Dick Swan, shortstop, lays clown a sacrifice bunt in the first
inning of the recent Santa Clara game. Pete Middlekauff ad-

vanced to second on the play, but failed to score when the next
two batters grounded out. Santa Clara won the game, 5-4.

Dick Swan, shortstop, lays clown a sacrifice bunt in the first
inning of the recent Santa Clara game. Pete Middlekauff ad-

vanced to second on the play, but failed to score when the next
two batters grounded out. Santa Clara won the game, 5-4.

Dick Swan, shortstop, lays clown a sacrifice bunt in the first
inning of the recent Santa Clara game. Pete Middlekauff ad-

vanced to second on the play, but failed to score when the next
two batters grounded out. Santa Clara won the game, 5-4.

Dick Swan, shortstop, lays clown a sacrifice bunt in the first
inning of the recent Santa Clara game. Pete Middlekauff ad-

vanced to second on the play, but failed to score when the next
two batters grounded out. Santa Clara won the game, 5-4.

Dick Swan, shortstop, lays clown a sacrifice bunt in the first
inning of the recent Santa Clara game. Pete Middlekauff ad-

vanced to second on the play, but failed to score when the next
two batters grounded out. Santa Clara won the game, 5-4.

Dick Swan, shortstop, lays clown a sacrifice bunt in the first
inning of the recent Santa Clara game. Pete Middlekauff ad-

vanced to second on the play, but failed to score when the next
two batters grounded out. Santa Clara won the game, 5-4.

Dick Swan, shortstop, lays clown a sacrifice bunt in the first
inning of the recent Santa Clara game. Pete Middlekauff ad-

vanced to second on the play, but failed to score when the next
two batters grounded out. Santa Clara won the game, 5-4.

Dick Swan, shortstop, lays clown a sacrifice bunt in the first
inning of the recent Santa Clara game. Pete Middlekauff ad-

vanced to second on the play, but failed to score when the next
two batters grounded out. Santa Clara won the game, 5-4.

Dick Swan, shortstop, lays clown a sacrifice bunt in the first
inning of the recent Santa Clara game. Pete Middlekauff ad-

vanced to second on the play, but failed to score when the next
two batters grounded out. Santa Clara won the game, 5-4.

Dick Swan, shortstop, lays clown a sacrifice bunt in the first
inning of the recent Santa Clara game. Pete Middlekauff ad-

vanced to second on the play, but failed to score when the next
two batters grounded out. Santa Clara won the game, 5-4.
