# Group Protests Dominica Policy
## 
### 
"Alarmed nt tin- worsening
situation in Use Dominican
Republic," a group of stu
dents tiave formed the Stan
ford Committee A train-1 In
tervention in the Dominican
Republic.
Today the Conurjuittee Ls
sending ;i cable to Colonel
Caamauo Deno, lead-' of the
rebel forces in Santo Domin
go. The text oi the cable
reads: "We commend your
brave r< istanee >t' Â» forces
of reaction in your < ountry.
We are with you your fight
to res}ore c nsttUitional gov
ernment."
The chairman of the Com
mittee, Robert Burroughs, an
Rnglisb teaching assistant,
wili make it statement at a
Peace Can us Rally i:i White
Memorial r'la'/.u.
