# Untitled Article
## 
### 
VVhjcn the Daily Palo Alto he.
gan publication this semester, it
was the intention of the editorial
management to canvass the situa
tion and agitate the importance
and possibility of introducing row
ing as a sport at Stanford within
the next few years. In response to
inquiries for data on the subject,
long letters were received from J.
H. Heroy, manager of the Colum
bia crew, and Andrew M.'O'Dea,
coach at Wisconsin, giving full
accounts of the efforts to establish
rowing at their institutions, the
conditions that had to be met, and
the present status of the sport.
Shorter communications were sent
by Barry H. Cerf, president of the
U. C. Boating Association, and Sol
Metzger, manager of the Pennsyl
vania crews. All of these letters
contain most valuable information
and will be of service whenever the
subject can be brought to an issue.
During the past few months the at
tention of the student body has
been so taken up with the interests
already at hand, and a concentra
tion of effort was so necessary to
perfect what we have already un
dertaken, that the time for launch

ing a discussion did not seem op
portune. Nevertheless, if Stanford
expects to maintain her position
among the institutions of the
country in the matter of intercol
legiate sports, it will some day be
necessary to inaugurate rowing—
unless this is found absolutely im
practicable. The projection of the
new gymnasium calls for more im
mediate agitation of the subject
than might otherwise be needed, in
order to have equipment for indoor
training provided in the plans.
Meanwhile it will be profitable for
undergraduates and alumni to take
advantage of every chance to in
form themselves on the sport, so as
to discuss the matter intelligently.
VVhjcn the Daily Palo Alto he.
gan publication this semester, it
was the intention of the editorial
management to canvass the situa
tion and agitate the importance
and possibility of introducing row
ing as a sport at Stanford within
the next few years. In response to
inquiries for data on the subject,
long letters were received from J.
H. Heroy, manager of the Colum
bia crew, and Andrew M.'O'Dea,
coach at Wisconsin, giving full
accounts of the efforts to establish
rowing at their institutions, the
conditions that had to be met, and
the present status of the sport.
Shorter communications were sent
by Barry H. Cerf, president of the
U. C. Boating Association, and Sol
Metzger, manager of the Pennsyl
vania crews. All of these letters
contain most valuable information
and will be of service whenever the
subject can be brought to an issue.
During the past few months the at
tention of the student body has
been so taken up with the interests
already at hand, and a concentra
tion of effort was so necessary to
perfect what we have already un
dertaken, that the time for launch

ing a discussion did not seem op
portune. Nevertheless, if Stanford
expects to maintain her position
among the institutions of the
country in the matter of intercol
legiate sports, it will some day be
necessary to inaugurate rowing—
unless this is found absolutely im
practicable. The projection of the
new gymnasium calls for more im
mediate agitation of the subject
than might otherwise be needed, in
order to have equipment for indoor
training provided in the plans.
Meanwhile it will be profitable for
undergraduates and alumni to take
advantage of every chance to in
form themselves on the sport, so as
to discuss the matter intelligently.
VVhjcn the Daily Palo Alto he.
gan publication this semester, it
was the intention of the editorial
management to canvass the situa
tion and agitate the importance
and possibility of introducing row
ing as a sport at Stanford within
the next few years. In response to
inquiries for data on the subject,
long letters were received from J.
H. Heroy, manager of the Colum
bia crew, and Andrew M.'O'Dea,
coach at Wisconsin, giving full
accounts of the efforts to establish
rowing at their institutions, the
conditions that had to be met, and
the present status of the sport.
Shorter communications were sent
by Barry H. Cerf, president of the
U. C. Boating Association, and Sol
Metzger, manager of the Pennsyl
vania crews. All of these letters
contain most valuable information
and will be of service whenever the
subject can be brought to an issue.
During the past few months the at
tention of the student body has
been so taken up with the interests
already at hand, and a concentra
tion of effort was so necessary to
perfect what we have already un
dertaken, that the time for launch

ing a discussion did not seem op
portune. Nevertheless, if Stanford
expects to maintain her position
among the institutions of the
country in the matter of intercol
legiate sports, it will some day be
necessary to inaugurate rowing—
unless this is found absolutely im
practicable. The projection of the
new gymnasium calls for more im
mediate agitation of the subject
than might otherwise be needed, in
order to have equipment for indoor
training provided in the plans.
Meanwhile it will be profitable for
undergraduates and alumni to take
advantage of every chance to in
form themselves on the sport, so as
to discuss the matter intelligently.
VVhjcn the Daily Palo Alto he.
gan publication this semester, it
was the intention of the editorial
management to canvass the situa
tion and agitate the importance
and possibility of introducing row
ing as a sport at Stanford within
the next few years. In response to
inquiries for data on the subject,
long letters were received from J.
H. Heroy, manager of the Colum
bia crew, and Andrew M.'O'Dea,
coach at Wisconsin, giving full
accounts of the efforts to establish
rowing at their institutions, the
conditions that had to be met, and
the present status of the sport.
Shorter communications were sent
by Barry H. Cerf, president of the
U. C. Boating Association, and Sol
Metzger, manager of the Pennsyl
vania crews. All of these letters
contain most valuable information
and will be of service whenever the
subject can be brought to an issue.
During the past few months the at
tention of the student body has
been so taken up with the interests
already at hand, and a concentra
tion of effort was so necessary to
perfect what we have already un
dertaken, that the time for launch

ing a discussion did not seem op
portune. Nevertheless, if Stanford
expects to maintain her position
among the institutions of the
country in the matter of intercol
legiate sports, it will some day be
necessary to inaugurate rowing—
unless this is found absolutely im
practicable. The projection of the
new gymnasium calls for more im
mediate agitation of the subject
than might otherwise be needed, in
order to have equipment for indoor
training provided in the plans.
Meanwhile it will be profitable for
undergraduates and alumni to take
advantage of every chance to in
form themselves on the sport, so as
to discuss the matter intelligently.
VVhjcn the Daily Palo Alto he.
gan publication this semester, it
was the intention of the editorial
management to canvass the situa
tion and agitate the importance
and possibility of introducing row
ing as a sport at Stanford within
the next few years. In response to
inquiries for data on the subject,
long letters were received from J.
H. Heroy, manager of the Colum
bia crew, and Andrew M.'O'Dea,
coach at Wisconsin, giving full
accounts of the efforts to establish
rowing at their institutions, the
conditions that had to be met, and
the present status of the sport.
Shorter communications were sent
by Barry H. Cerf, president of the
U. C. Boating Association, and Sol
Metzger, manager of the Pennsyl
vania crews. All of these letters
contain most valuable information
and will be of service whenever the
subject can be brought to an issue.
During the past few months the at
tention of the student body has
been so taken up with the interests
already at hand, and a concentra
tion of effort was so necessary to
perfect what we have already un
dertaken, that the time for launch

ing a discussion did not seem op
portune. Nevertheless, if Stanford
expects to maintain her position
among the institutions of the
country in the matter of intercol
legiate sports, it will some day be
necessary to inaugurate rowing—
unless this is found absolutely im
practicable. The projection of the
new gymnasium calls for more im
mediate agitation of the subject
than might otherwise be needed, in
order to have equipment for indoor
training provided in the plans.
Meanwhile it will be profitable for
undergraduates and alumni to take
advantage of every chance to in
form themselves on the sport, so as
to discuss the matter intelligently.
VVhjcn the Daily Palo Alto he.
gan publication this semester, it
was the intention of the editorial
management to canvass the situa
tion and agitate the importance
and possibility of introducing row
ing as a sport at Stanford within
the next few years. In response to
inquiries for data on the subject,
long letters were received from J.
H. Heroy, manager of the Colum
bia crew, and Andrew M.'O'Dea,
coach at Wisconsin, giving full
accounts of the efforts to establish
rowing at their institutions, the
conditions that had to be met, and
the present status of the sport.
Shorter communications were sent
by Barry H. Cerf, president of the
U. C. Boating Association, and Sol
Metzger, manager of the Pennsyl
vania crews. All of these letters
contain most valuable information
and will be of service whenever the
subject can be brought to an issue.
During the past few months the at
tention of the student body has
been so taken up with the interests
already at hand, and a concentra
tion of effort was so necessary to
perfect what we have already un
dertaken, that the time for launch

ing a discussion did not seem op
portune. Nevertheless, if Stanford
expects to maintain her position
among the institutions of the
country in the matter of intercol
legiate sports, it will some day be
necessary to inaugurate rowing—
unless this is found absolutely im
practicable. The projection of the
new gymnasium calls for more im
mediate agitation of the subject
than might otherwise be needed, in
order to have equipment for indoor
training provided in the plans.
Meanwhile it will be profitable for
undergraduates and alumni to take
advantage of every chance to in
form themselves on the sport, so as
to discuss the matter intelligently.
VVhjcn the Daily Palo Alto he.
gan publication this semester, it
was the intention of the editorial
management to canvass the situa
tion and agitate the importance
and possibility of introducing row
ing as a sport at Stanford within
the next few years. In response to
inquiries for data on the subject,
long letters were received from J.
H. Heroy, manager of the Colum
bia crew, and Andrew M.'O'Dea,
coach at Wisconsin, giving full
accounts of the efforts to establish
rowing at their institutions, the
conditions that had to be met, and
the present status of the sport.
Shorter communications were sent
by Barry H. Cerf, president of the
U. C. Boating Association, and Sol
Metzger, manager of the Pennsyl
vania crews. All of these letters
contain most valuable information
and will be of service whenever the
subject can be brought to an issue.
During the past few months the at
tention of the student body has
been so taken up with the interests
already at hand, and a concentra
tion of effort was so necessary to
perfect what we have already un
dertaken, that the time for launch

ing a discussion did not seem op
portune. Nevertheless, if Stanford
expects to maintain her position
among the institutions of the
country in the matter of intercol
legiate sports, it will some day be
necessary to inaugurate rowing—
unless this is found absolutely im
practicable. The projection of the
new gymnasium calls for more im
mediate agitation of the subject
than might otherwise be needed, in
order to have equipment for indoor
training provided in the plans.
Meanwhile it will be profitable for
undergraduates and alumni to take
advantage of every chance to in
form themselves on the sport, so as
to discuss the matter intelligently.
