# FAMOUS COMPOSERS TO FEATURE MALABY PROGRAM TOMORROW
## 
### 
Compositions from many well-known
musicians will feature the piano re
cital of Richard Malaby tomorrow eve
ning in the Women's Clubhouse. This
will be the sole public appearance of
Malaby, a Stanford graduate, who is
here for the summer.
Debussy, Beethoven, Chopin, Mozart,
and Brahms are but a few of the com
posers who will be represented on the
program. These numbers will be of
especial interest to those who have
been attending Warren 1). Allen's lec
ture-recitals on the great musicians.
Malaby, a talented musician, is
somewhat of a composer himself. His
latest creation, "The Grocer's Boy,"
will soon make its appearance from
the publishers. He has just completed
three years of study under Heinrich
Gebhard, in Boston, and is appearing
to make his debut in Boston sometime
this next winter.
Tickets for the concert can be ob
tained at Crandall's and the Bookstore.
