# SMITH WEDS MISS WESTFALL
## 
### 
J. Howell Smith, former Stanford
students, and Miss Lynette Westfall
were married at Cedar Rapids, lowa,
last June, it was learned here today.
J. Howell Smith, former Stanford
students, and Miss Lynette Westfall
were married at Cedar Rapids, lowa,
last June, it was learned here today.
J. Howell Smith, former Stanford
students, and Miss Lynette Westfall
were married at Cedar Rapids, lowa,
last June, it was learned here today.
J. Howell Smith, former Stanford
students, and Miss Lynette Westfall
were married at Cedar Rapids, lowa,
last June, it was learned here today.
J. Howell Smith, former Stanford
students, and Miss Lynette Westfall
were married at Cedar Rapids, lowa,
last June, it was learned here today.
J. Howell Smith, former Stanford
students, and Miss Lynette Westfall
were married at Cedar Rapids, lowa,
last June, it was learned here today.
J. Howell Smith, former Stanford
students, and Miss Lynette Westfall
were married at Cedar Rapids, lowa,
last June, it was learned here today.
J. Howell Smith, former Stanford
students, and Miss Lynette Westfall
were married at Cedar Rapids, lowa,
last June, it was learned here today.
J. Howell Smith, former Stanford
students, and Miss Lynette Westfall
were married at Cedar Rapids, lowa,
last June, it was learned here today.
J. Howell Smith, former Stanford
students, and Miss Lynette Westfall
were married at Cedar Rapids, lowa,
last June, it was learned here today.
J. Howell Smith, former Stanford
students, and Miss Lynette Westfall
were married at Cedar Rapids, lowa,
last June, it was learned here today.
J. Howell Smith, former Stanford
students, and Miss Lynette Westfall
were married at Cedar Rapids, lowa,
last June, it was learned here today.
J. Howell Smith, former Stanford
students, and Miss Lynette Westfall
were married at Cedar Rapids, lowa,
last June, it was learned here today.
J. Howell Smith, former Stanford
students, and Miss Lynette Westfall
were married at Cedar Rapids, lowa,
last June, it was learned here today.
J. Howell Smith, former Stanford
students, and Miss Lynette Westfall
were married at Cedar Rapids, lowa,
last June, it was learned here today.
