# SEVEN MATCHES ARE LEFT IN INTRAMURAL TENNIS TOURNAMENT
## 
### 
Matches in the first round of the
intramural tennis tournament are still
being played off. It was hoped that
these would all have been decided by
Saturday, but there are still seven
left. Nine, however, have emerged vic
torious from thir separate divisions,
which makes a total of sixteen op
ponents yet to be in play at the be
ginning of the second round.
These nine successful men are
Bashor, Barker, Taggart, Denny, Bled
soe, Castellanos, Adams, Snow, and
Edleman.
Coach "Hal" Davis states that the
first round will surely be completed
by July 23. From the elimination in
the next two rounds, which should be
over by July 30, there will be four
victorious men. From these four the
winner of the tournament will be se
lected by August 3.
