# VISIT CAMP OF GIRL SCOUTS
## 
### 
Big Basin was the terminus of the
field trip taken by Miss Susan B.
Dyer's class in Scouting (Education
111) Friday. The members of the class
were guests at Camp Chaparral, the
regional summer camp of the Girl
Scouts.
Big Basin was the terminus of the
field trip taken by Miss Susan B.
Dyer's class in Scouting (Education
111) Friday. The members of the class
were guests at Camp Chaparral, the
regional summer camp of the Girl
Scouts.
Big Basin was the terminus of the
field trip taken by Miss Susan B.
Dyer's class in Scouting (Education
111) Friday. The members of the class
were guests at Camp Chaparral, the
regional summer camp of the Girl
Scouts.
Big Basin was the terminus of the
field trip taken by Miss Susan B.
Dyer's class in Scouting (Education
111) Friday. The members of the class
were guests at Camp Chaparral, the
regional summer camp of the Girl
Scouts.
Big Basin was the terminus of the
field trip taken by Miss Susan B.
Dyer's class in Scouting (Education
111) Friday. The members of the class
were guests at Camp Chaparral, the
regional summer camp of the Girl
Scouts.
Big Basin was the terminus of the
field trip taken by Miss Susan B.
Dyer's class in Scouting (Education
111) Friday. The members of the class
were guests at Camp Chaparral, the
regional summer camp of the Girl
Scouts.
Big Basin was the terminus of the
field trip taken by Miss Susan B.
Dyer's class in Scouting (Education
111) Friday. The members of the class
were guests at Camp Chaparral, the
regional summer camp of the Girl
Scouts.
Big Basin was the terminus of the
field trip taken by Miss Susan B.
Dyer's class in Scouting (Education
111) Friday. The members of the class
were guests at Camp Chaparral, the
regional summer camp of the Girl
Scouts.
Big Basin was the terminus of the
field trip taken by Miss Susan B.
Dyer's class in Scouting (Education
111) Friday. The members of the class
were guests at Camp Chaparral, the
regional summer camp of the Girl
Scouts.
Big Basin was the terminus of the
field trip taken by Miss Susan B.
Dyer's class in Scouting (Education
111) Friday. The members of the class
were guests at Camp Chaparral, the
regional summer camp of the Girl
Scouts.
Big Basin was the terminus of the
field trip taken by Miss Susan B.
Dyer's class in Scouting (Education
111) Friday. The members of the class
were guests at Camp Chaparral, the
regional summer camp of the Girl
Scouts.
Big Basin was the terminus of the
field trip taken by Miss Susan B.
Dyer's class in Scouting (Education
111) Friday. The members of the class
were guests at Camp Chaparral, the
regional summer camp of the Girl
Scouts.
Big Basin was the terminus of the
field trip taken by Miss Susan B.
Dyer's class in Scouting (Education
111) Friday. The members of the class
were guests at Camp Chaparral, the
regional summer camp of the Girl
Scouts.
Big Basin was the terminus of the
field trip taken by Miss Susan B.
Dyer's class in Scouting (Education
111) Friday. The members of the class
were guests at Camp Chaparral, the
regional summer camp of the Girl
Scouts.
Big Basin was the terminus of the
field trip taken by Miss Susan B.
Dyer's class in Scouting (Education
111) Friday. The members of the class
were guests at Camp Chaparral, the
regional summer camp of the Girl
Scouts.
