# ROBLE CLUB TEA
## 
### 
Roble Club will serve another in
formal tea this afternoon from 4 to
5:30. Any student may attend and is
given a cordial invitation to do so.
Roble Club will serve another in
formal tea this afternoon from 4 to
5:30. Any student may attend and is
given a cordial invitation to do so.
Roble Club will serve another in
formal tea this afternoon from 4 to
5:30. Any student may attend and is
given a cordial invitation to do so.
Roble Club will serve another in
formal tea this afternoon from 4 to
5:30. Any student may attend and is
given a cordial invitation to do so.
Roble Club will serve another in
formal tea this afternoon from 4 to
5:30. Any student may attend and is
given a cordial invitation to do so.
Roble Club will serve another in
formal tea this afternoon from 4 to
5:30. Any student may attend and is
given a cordial invitation to do so.
Roble Club will serve another in
formal tea this afternoon from 4 to
5:30. Any student may attend and is
given a cordial invitation to do so.
Roble Club will serve another in
formal tea this afternoon from 4 to
5:30. Any student may attend and is
given a cordial invitation to do so.
Roble Club will serve another in
formal tea this afternoon from 4 to
5:30. Any student may attend and is
given a cordial invitation to do so.
Roble Club will serve another in
formal tea this afternoon from 4 to
5:30. Any student may attend and is
given a cordial invitation to do so.
Roble Club will serve another in
formal tea this afternoon from 4 to
5:30. Any student may attend and is
given a cordial invitation to do so.
Roble Club will serve another in
formal tea this afternoon from 4 to
5:30. Any student may attend and is
given a cordial invitation to do so.
Roble Club will serve another in
formal tea this afternoon from 4 to
5:30. Any student may attend and is
given a cordial invitation to do so.
Roble Club will serve another in
formal tea this afternoon from 4 to
5:30. Any student may attend and is
given a cordial invitation to do so.
Roble Club will serve another in
formal tea this afternoon from 4 to
5:30. Any student may attend and is
given a cordial invitation to do so.
