# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
Wanted:
Photo Editors
for Volume
208.
II" you have experience in photogra
phy and are interested in learning
more about the position, eall the
Photo Dept. at The Stanford Daily.
723-2555 \513
Wanted:
Photo Editors
for Volume
208.
II" you have experience in photogra
phy and are interested in learning
more about the position, eall the
Photo Dept. at The Stanford Daily.
723-2555 \513
Wanted:
Photo Editors
for Volume
208.
II" you have experience in photogra
phy and are interested in learning
more about the position, eall the
Photo Dept. at The Stanford Daily.
723-2555 \513
Wanted:
Photo Editors
for Volume
208.
II" you have experience in photogra
phy and are interested in learning
more about the position, eall the
Photo Dept. at The Stanford Daily.
723-2555 \513
Wanted:
Photo Editors
for Volume
208.
II" you have experience in photogra
phy and are interested in learning
more about the position, eall the
Photo Dept. at The Stanford Daily.
723-2555 \513
