# WORK OF PRESS AT ARMS CONFERENCE TOLD BY ROBINSON
## 
### 
Newspaper work at the imitations con
ference was described byv Professor E. E.
Robinson last night, at the first of a
series of bi-monthly dinners given by
Sigma Delta Chi.
"The attention given to press repre
sentatives was second only to that given
the delegates themselves," said Professor
Robinson. "Some of the special writers,
such as H. G. Wells and Mark Sullivan,
exercised great influence on public
opinion, which of course reacted upon
the delegates.
"At first there was great hesitation oh
the part of the different delegations to
give interviews. This attitude rapidly
gave way, and each delegation soon
maintained regular conferences with the
pjx*ss. The English particularly, under
Lord Ridell, were successful in present
ing their viewpoint to America. The
French, because they insisted on using
their native tongue at these conferences,
were handicapped."
