# CRASH KILLS FOLK
## 
### 
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., April 22
(TP).—Four children, three of them
members of one family, were killed
and four others were injured here
today when a Sunday school bound
truck was hit by a southbound Mis
souri-Texas-Kansas passenger train.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., April 22
(TP).—Four children, three of them
members of one family, were killed
and four others were injured here
today when a Sunday school bound
truck was hit by a southbound Mis
souri-Texas-Kansas passenger train.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., April 22
(TP).—Four children, three of them
members of one family, were killed
and four others were injured here
today when a Sunday school bound
truck was hit by a southbound Mis
souri-Texas-Kansas passenger train.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., April 22
(TP).—Four children, three of them
members of one family, were killed
and four others were injured here
today when a Sunday school bound
truck was hit by a southbound Mis
souri-Texas-Kansas passenger train.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., April 22
(TP).—Four children, three of them
members of one family, were killed
and four others were injured here
today when a Sunday school bound
truck was hit by a southbound Mis
souri-Texas-Kansas passenger train.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., April 22
(TP).—Four children, three of them
members of one family, were killed
and four others were injured here
today when a Sunday school bound
truck was hit by a southbound Mis
souri-Texas-Kansas passenger train.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., April 22
(TP).—Four children, three of them
members of one family, were killed
and four others were injured here
today when a Sunday school bound
truck was hit by a southbound Mis
souri-Texas-Kansas passenger train.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., April 22
(TP).—Four children, three of them
members of one family, were killed
and four others were injured here
today when a Sunday school bound
truck was hit by a southbound Mis
souri-Texas-Kansas passenger train.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., April 22
(TP).—Four children, three of them
members of one family, were killed
and four others were injured here
today when a Sunday school bound
truck was hit by a southbound Mis
souri-Texas-Kansas passenger train.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., April 22
(TP).—Four children, three of them
members of one family, were killed
and four others were injured here
today when a Sunday school bound
truck was hit by a southbound Mis
souri-Texas-Kansas passenger train.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., April 22
(TP).—Four children, three of them
members of one family, were killed
and four others were injured here
today when a Sunday school bound
truck was hit by a southbound Mis
souri-Texas-Kansas passenger train.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., April 22
(TP).—Four children, three of them
members of one family, were killed
and four others were injured here
today when a Sunday school bound
truck was hit by a southbound Mis
souri-Texas-Kansas passenger train.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., April 22
(TP).—Four children, three of them
members of one family, were killed
and four others were injured here
today when a Sunday school bound
truck was hit by a southbound Mis
souri-Texas-Kansas passenger train.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., April 22
(TP).—Four children, three of them
members of one family, were killed
and four others were injured here
today when a Sunday school bound
truck was hit by a southbound Mis
souri-Texas-Kansas passenger train.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., April 22
(TP).—Four children, three of them
members of one family, were killed
and four others were injured here
today when a Sunday school bound
truck was hit by a southbound Mis
souri-Texas-Kansas passenger train.
