# LAW TEST
## 
### 
The Law Capacity test for students
planning to enter the University of
Columbia law school will be given
on Saturday, May 5, at H o'clock in
Room 210.
The Law Capacity test for students
planning to enter the University of
Columbia law school will be given
on Saturday, May 5, at H o'clock in
Room 210.
The Law Capacity test for students
planning to enter the University of
Columbia law school will be given
on Saturday, May 5, at H o'clock in
Room 210.
The Law Capacity test for students
planning to enter the University of
Columbia law school will be given
on Saturday, May 5, at H o'clock in
Room 210.
The Law Capacity test for students
planning to enter the University of
Columbia law school will be given
on Saturday, May 5, at H o'clock in
Room 210.
The Law Capacity test for students
planning to enter the University of
Columbia law school will be given
on Saturday, May 5, at H o'clock in
Room 210.
The Law Capacity test for students
planning to enter the University of
Columbia law school will be given
on Saturday, May 5, at H o'clock in
Room 210.
The Law Capacity test for students
planning to enter the University of
Columbia law school will be given
on Saturday, May 5, at H o'clock in
Room 210.
The Law Capacity test for students
planning to enter the University of
Columbia law school will be given
on Saturday, May 5, at H o'clock in
Room 210.
The Law Capacity test for students
planning to enter the University of
Columbia law school will be given
on Saturday, May 5, at H o'clock in
Room 210.
The Law Capacity test for students
planning to enter the University of
Columbia law school will be given
on Saturday, May 5, at H o'clock in
Room 210.
The Law Capacity test for students
planning to enter the University of
Columbia law school will be given
on Saturday, May 5, at H o'clock in
Room 210.
The Law Capacity test for students
planning to enter the University of
Columbia law school will be given
on Saturday, May 5, at H o'clock in
Room 210.
The Law Capacity test for students
planning to enter the University of
Columbia law school will be given
on Saturday, May 5, at H o'clock in
Room 210.
The Law Capacity test for students
planning to enter the University of
Columbia law school will be given
on Saturday, May 5, at H o'clock in
Room 210.
