# WHEN INSULL LOST FIGHT
## 
### 

This Associated Press picture shows Samuel tnsull (left), for 18
months a fugitive from United States justice, as he left the Turkish
court at Istanbul after losing his fight to appeal a decision for his
extradition.

This Associated Press picture shows Samuel tnsull (left), for 18
months a fugitive from United States justice, as he left the Turkish
court at Istanbul after losing his fight to appeal a decision for his
extradition.

This Associated Press picture shows Samuel tnsull (left), for 18
months a fugitive from United States justice, as he left the Turkish
court at Istanbul after losing his fight to appeal a decision for his
extradition.

This Associated Press picture shows Samuel tnsull (left), for 18
months a fugitive from United States justice, as he left the Turkish
court at Istanbul after losing his fight to appeal a decision for his
extradition.

This Associated Press picture shows Samuel tnsull (left), for 18
months a fugitive from United States justice, as he left the Turkish
court at Istanbul after losing his fight to appeal a decision for his
extradition.

This Associated Press picture shows Samuel tnsull (left), for 18
months a fugitive from United States justice, as he left the Turkish
court at Istanbul after losing his fight to appeal a decision for his
extradition.

This Associated Press picture shows Samuel tnsull (left), for 18
months a fugitive from United States justice, as he left the Turkish
court at Istanbul after losing his fight to appeal a decision for his
extradition.

This Associated Press picture shows Samuel tnsull (left), for 18
months a fugitive from United States justice, as he left the Turkish
court at Istanbul after losing his fight to appeal a decision for his
extradition.

This Associated Press picture shows Samuel tnsull (left), for 18
months a fugitive from United States justice, as he left the Turkish
court at Istanbul after losing his fight to appeal a decision for his
extradition.

This Associated Press picture shows Samuel tnsull (left), for 18
months a fugitive from United States justice, as he left the Turkish
court at Istanbul after losing his fight to appeal a decision for his
extradition.

This Associated Press picture shows Samuel tnsull (left), for 18
months a fugitive from United States justice, as he left the Turkish
court at Istanbul after losing his fight to appeal a decision for his
extradition.

This Associated Press picture shows Samuel tnsull (left), for 18
months a fugitive from United States justice, as he left the Turkish
court at Istanbul after losing his fight to appeal a decision for his
extradition.

This Associated Press picture shows Samuel tnsull (left), for 18
months a fugitive from United States justice, as he left the Turkish
court at Istanbul after losing his fight to appeal a decision for his
extradition.

This Associated Press picture shows Samuel tnsull (left), for 18
months a fugitive from United States justice, as he left the Turkish
court at Istanbul after losing his fight to appeal a decision for his
extradition.

This Associated Press picture shows Samuel tnsull (left), for 18
months a fugitive from United States justice, as he left the Turkish
court at Istanbul after losing his fight to appeal a decision for his
extradition.
