# SHE'LL BE APPLE BLOSSOM QUEEN
## 
### 

Mrs. John Hay Whitney of "Llangollen," near Middleburg, Va., will
reign over the Shenandoah apple blossom festival at Winchester, Va.,
early in May as "Queen Shenandoah XI." Mrs. Whitney, wife of the
noted horse breeder, is the former Elizabeth Altemus of Philadelphia.
The festival date depends on the blossoming of 12,000,000 apple treea
in the Shenandoah region. (Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. John Hay Whitney of "Llangollen," near Middleburg, Va., will
reign over the Shenandoah apple blossom festival at Winchester, Va.,
early in May as "Queen Shenandoah XI." Mrs. Whitney, wife of the
noted horse breeder, is the former Elizabeth Altemus of Philadelphia.
The festival date depends on the blossoming of 12,000,000 apple treea
in the Shenandoah region. (Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. John Hay Whitney of "Llangollen," near Middleburg, Va., will
reign over the Shenandoah apple blossom festival at Winchester, Va.,
early in May as "Queen Shenandoah XI." Mrs. Whitney, wife of the
noted horse breeder, is the former Elizabeth Altemus of Philadelphia.
The festival date depends on the blossoming of 12,000,000 apple treea
in the Shenandoah region. (Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. John Hay Whitney of "Llangollen," near Middleburg, Va., will
reign over the Shenandoah apple blossom festival at Winchester, Va.,
early in May as "Queen Shenandoah XI." Mrs. Whitney, wife of the
noted horse breeder, is the former Elizabeth Altemus of Philadelphia.
The festival date depends on the blossoming of 12,000,000 apple treea
in the Shenandoah region. (Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. John Hay Whitney of "Llangollen," near Middleburg, Va., will
reign over the Shenandoah apple blossom festival at Winchester, Va.,
early in May as "Queen Shenandoah XI." Mrs. Whitney, wife of the
noted horse breeder, is the former Elizabeth Altemus of Philadelphia.
The festival date depends on the blossoming of 12,000,000 apple treea
in the Shenandoah region. (Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. John Hay Whitney of "Llangollen," near Middleburg, Va., will
reign over the Shenandoah apple blossom festival at Winchester, Va.,
early in May as "Queen Shenandoah XI." Mrs. Whitney, wife of the
noted horse breeder, is the former Elizabeth Altemus of Philadelphia.
The festival date depends on the blossoming of 12,000,000 apple treea
in the Shenandoah region. (Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. John Hay Whitney of "Llangollen," near Middleburg, Va., will
reign over the Shenandoah apple blossom festival at Winchester, Va.,
early in May as "Queen Shenandoah XI." Mrs. Whitney, wife of the
noted horse breeder, is the former Elizabeth Altemus of Philadelphia.
The festival date depends on the blossoming of 12,000,000 apple treea
in the Shenandoah region. (Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. John Hay Whitney of "Llangollen," near Middleburg, Va., will
reign over the Shenandoah apple blossom festival at Winchester, Va.,
early in May as "Queen Shenandoah XI." Mrs. Whitney, wife of the
noted horse breeder, is the former Elizabeth Altemus of Philadelphia.
The festival date depends on the blossoming of 12,000,000 apple treea
in the Shenandoah region. (Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. John Hay Whitney of "Llangollen," near Middleburg, Va., will
reign over the Shenandoah apple blossom festival at Winchester, Va.,
early in May as "Queen Shenandoah XI." Mrs. Whitney, wife of the
noted horse breeder, is the former Elizabeth Altemus of Philadelphia.
The festival date depends on the blossoming of 12,000,000 apple treea
in the Shenandoah region. (Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. John Hay Whitney of "Llangollen," near Middleburg, Va., will
reign over the Shenandoah apple blossom festival at Winchester, Va.,
early in May as "Queen Shenandoah XI." Mrs. Whitney, wife of the
noted horse breeder, is the former Elizabeth Altemus of Philadelphia.
The festival date depends on the blossoming of 12,000,000 apple treea
in the Shenandoah region. (Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. John Hay Whitney of "Llangollen," near Middleburg, Va., will
reign over the Shenandoah apple blossom festival at Winchester, Va.,
early in May as "Queen Shenandoah XI." Mrs. Whitney, wife of the
noted horse breeder, is the former Elizabeth Altemus of Philadelphia.
The festival date depends on the blossoming of 12,000,000 apple treea
in the Shenandoah region. (Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. John Hay Whitney of "Llangollen," near Middleburg, Va., will
reign over the Shenandoah apple blossom festival at Winchester, Va.,
early in May as "Queen Shenandoah XI." Mrs. Whitney, wife of the
noted horse breeder, is the former Elizabeth Altemus of Philadelphia.
The festival date depends on the blossoming of 12,000,000 apple treea
in the Shenandoah region. (Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. John Hay Whitney of "Llangollen," near Middleburg, Va., will
reign over the Shenandoah apple blossom festival at Winchester, Va.,
early in May as "Queen Shenandoah XI." Mrs. Whitney, wife of the
noted horse breeder, is the former Elizabeth Altemus of Philadelphia.
The festival date depends on the blossoming of 12,000,000 apple treea
in the Shenandoah region. (Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. John Hay Whitney of "Llangollen," near Middleburg, Va., will
reign over the Shenandoah apple blossom festival at Winchester, Va.,
early in May as "Queen Shenandoah XI." Mrs. Whitney, wife of the
noted horse breeder, is the former Elizabeth Altemus of Philadelphia.
The festival date depends on the blossoming of 12,000,000 apple treea
in the Shenandoah region. (Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. John Hay Whitney of "Llangollen," near Middleburg, Va., will
reign over the Shenandoah apple blossom festival at Winchester, Va.,
early in May as "Queen Shenandoah XI." Mrs. Whitney, wife of the
noted horse breeder, is the former Elizabeth Altemus of Philadelphia.
The festival date depends on the blossoming of 12,000,000 apple treea
in the Shenandoah region. (Associated Press Photo)
