# SIGNS POWER INQUIRY
## 
### 

President Roosevelt is shown signing the Norris-Rankin resolution au
thorizing an investigation into electric power rates throughout the country.
Shown with him arc co-authors of the measure, Representative John Rankin
(left) of Mississippi, and Senator George W. Norris of Nebraska. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt is shown signing the Norris-Rankin resolution au
thorizing an investigation into electric power rates throughout the country.
Shown with him arc co-authors of the measure, Representative John Rankin
(left) of Mississippi, and Senator George W. Norris of Nebraska. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt is shown signing the Norris-Rankin resolution au
thorizing an investigation into electric power rates throughout the country.
Shown with him arc co-authors of the measure, Representative John Rankin
(left) of Mississippi, and Senator George W. Norris of Nebraska. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt is shown signing the Norris-Rankin resolution au
thorizing an investigation into electric power rates throughout the country.
Shown with him arc co-authors of the measure, Representative John Rankin
(left) of Mississippi, and Senator George W. Norris of Nebraska. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt is shown signing the Norris-Rankin resolution au
thorizing an investigation into electric power rates throughout the country.
Shown with him arc co-authors of the measure, Representative John Rankin
(left) of Mississippi, and Senator George W. Norris of Nebraska. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt is shown signing the Norris-Rankin resolution au
thorizing an investigation into electric power rates throughout the country.
Shown with him arc co-authors of the measure, Representative John Rankin
(left) of Mississippi, and Senator George W. Norris of Nebraska. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt is shown signing the Norris-Rankin resolution au
thorizing an investigation into electric power rates throughout the country.
Shown with him arc co-authors of the measure, Representative John Rankin
(left) of Mississippi, and Senator George W. Norris of Nebraska. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt is shown signing the Norris-Rankin resolution au
thorizing an investigation into electric power rates throughout the country.
Shown with him arc co-authors of the measure, Representative John Rankin
(left) of Mississippi, and Senator George W. Norris of Nebraska. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt is shown signing the Norris-Rankin resolution au
thorizing an investigation into electric power rates throughout the country.
Shown with him arc co-authors of the measure, Representative John Rankin
(left) of Mississippi, and Senator George W. Norris of Nebraska. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt is shown signing the Norris-Rankin resolution au
thorizing an investigation into electric power rates throughout the country.
Shown with him arc co-authors of the measure, Representative John Rankin
(left) of Mississippi, and Senator George W. Norris of Nebraska. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt is shown signing the Norris-Rankin resolution au
thorizing an investigation into electric power rates throughout the country.
Shown with him arc co-authors of the measure, Representative John Rankin
(left) of Mississippi, and Senator George W. Norris of Nebraska. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt is shown signing the Norris-Rankin resolution au
thorizing an investigation into electric power rates throughout the country.
Shown with him arc co-authors of the measure, Representative John Rankin
(left) of Mississippi, and Senator George W. Norris of Nebraska. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt is shown signing the Norris-Rankin resolution au
thorizing an investigation into electric power rates throughout the country.
Shown with him arc co-authors of the measure, Representative John Rankin
(left) of Mississippi, and Senator George W. Norris of Nebraska. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt is shown signing the Norris-Rankin resolution au
thorizing an investigation into electric power rates throughout the country.
Shown with him arc co-authors of the measure, Representative John Rankin
(left) of Mississippi, and Senator George W. Norris of Nebraska. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt is shown signing the Norris-Rankin resolution au
thorizing an investigation into electric power rates throughout the country.
Shown with him arc co-authors of the measure, Representative John Rankin
(left) of Mississippi, and Senator George W. Norris of Nebraska. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)
