# PRIMO, SPARE THAT WOOD!
## 
### 

If this blow actually landed, the pieces of that block of wood prob
ably never were found. It's Primo Camera, heavyweight champion, in
training In the Maine woods for his coming bout with Max Baer at
New York. Wood-cutting, road work, snow shoveling, and other forms
of exercise are a part of Camera's workouts. (Associated Prep® Photo)

If this blow actually landed, the pieces of that block of wood prob
ably never were found. It's Primo Camera, heavyweight champion, in
training In the Maine woods for his coming bout with Max Baer at
New York. Wood-cutting, road work, snow shoveling, and other forms
of exercise are a part of Camera's workouts. (Associated Prep® Photo)

If this blow actually landed, the pieces of that block of wood prob
ably never were found. It's Primo Camera, heavyweight champion, in
training In the Maine woods for his coming bout with Max Baer at
New York. Wood-cutting, road work, snow shoveling, and other forms
of exercise are a part of Camera's workouts. (Associated Prep® Photo)

If this blow actually landed, the pieces of that block of wood prob
ably never were found. It's Primo Camera, heavyweight champion, in
training In the Maine woods for his coming bout with Max Baer at
New York. Wood-cutting, road work, snow shoveling, and other forms
of exercise are a part of Camera's workouts. (Associated Prep® Photo)

If this blow actually landed, the pieces of that block of wood prob
ably never were found. It's Primo Camera, heavyweight champion, in
training In the Maine woods for his coming bout with Max Baer at
New York. Wood-cutting, road work, snow shoveling, and other forms
of exercise are a part of Camera's workouts. (Associated Prep® Photo)

If this blow actually landed, the pieces of that block of wood prob
ably never were found. It's Primo Camera, heavyweight champion, in
training In the Maine woods for his coming bout with Max Baer at
New York. Wood-cutting, road work, snow shoveling, and other forms
of exercise are a part of Camera's workouts. (Associated Prep® Photo)

If this blow actually landed, the pieces of that block of wood prob
ably never were found. It's Primo Camera, heavyweight champion, in
training In the Maine woods for his coming bout with Max Baer at
New York. Wood-cutting, road work, snow shoveling, and other forms
of exercise are a part of Camera's workouts. (Associated Prep® Photo)

If this blow actually landed, the pieces of that block of wood prob
ably never were found. It's Primo Camera, heavyweight champion, in
training In the Maine woods for his coming bout with Max Baer at
New York. Wood-cutting, road work, snow shoveling, and other forms
of exercise are a part of Camera's workouts. (Associated Prep® Photo)

If this blow actually landed, the pieces of that block of wood prob
ably never were found. It's Primo Camera, heavyweight champion, in
training In the Maine woods for his coming bout with Max Baer at
New York. Wood-cutting, road work, snow shoveling, and other forms
of exercise are a part of Camera's workouts. (Associated Prep® Photo)

If this blow actually landed, the pieces of that block of wood prob
ably never were found. It's Primo Camera, heavyweight champion, in
training In the Maine woods for his coming bout with Max Baer at
New York. Wood-cutting, road work, snow shoveling, and other forms
of exercise are a part of Camera's workouts. (Associated Prep® Photo)

If this blow actually landed, the pieces of that block of wood prob
ably never were found. It's Primo Camera, heavyweight champion, in
training In the Maine woods for his coming bout with Max Baer at
New York. Wood-cutting, road work, snow shoveling, and other forms
of exercise are a part of Camera's workouts. (Associated Prep® Photo)

If this blow actually landed, the pieces of that block of wood prob
ably never were found. It's Primo Camera, heavyweight champion, in
training In the Maine woods for his coming bout with Max Baer at
New York. Wood-cutting, road work, snow shoveling, and other forms
of exercise are a part of Camera's workouts. (Associated Prep® Photo)

If this blow actually landed, the pieces of that block of wood prob
ably never were found. It's Primo Camera, heavyweight champion, in
training In the Maine woods for his coming bout with Max Baer at
New York. Wood-cutting, road work, snow shoveling, and other forms
of exercise are a part of Camera's workouts. (Associated Prep® Photo)

If this blow actually landed, the pieces of that block of wood prob
ably never were found. It's Primo Camera, heavyweight champion, in
training In the Maine woods for his coming bout with Max Baer at
New York. Wood-cutting, road work, snow shoveling, and other forms
of exercise are a part of Camera's workouts. (Associated Prep® Photo)

If this blow actually landed, the pieces of that block of wood prob
ably never were found. It's Primo Camera, heavyweight champion, in
training In the Maine woods for his coming bout with Max Baer at
New York. Wood-cutting, road work, snow shoveling, and other forms
of exercise are a part of Camera's workouts. (Associated Prep® Photo)
