# Untitled Article
## 
### 

On the march
Several dozen Stanford students and members of Amnesty International march
across campus Friday to protest the death penalty. For more on the case of con
victed murderer Robert Alton Harris, who is scheduled to be executed at 12:01
a.m. Tuesday, see Newsline, page 3.

On the march
Several dozen Stanford students and members of Amnesty International march
across campus Friday to protest the death penalty. For more on the case of con
victed murderer Robert Alton Harris, who is scheduled to be executed at 12:01
a.m. Tuesday, see Newsline, page 3.

On the march
Several dozen Stanford students and members of Amnesty International march
across campus Friday to protest the death penalty. For more on the case of con
victed murderer Robert Alton Harris, who is scheduled to be executed at 12:01
a.m. Tuesday, see Newsline, page 3.

On the march
Several dozen Stanford students and members of Amnesty International march
across campus Friday to protest the death penalty. For more on the case of con
victed murderer Robert Alton Harris, who is scheduled to be executed at 12:01
a.m. Tuesday, see Newsline, page 3.

On the march
Several dozen Stanford students and members of Amnesty International march
across campus Friday to protest the death penalty. For more on the case of con
victed murderer Robert Alton Harris, who is scheduled to be executed at 12:01
a.m. Tuesday, see Newsline, page 3.

On the march
Several dozen Stanford students and members of Amnesty International march
across campus Friday to protest the death penalty. For more on the case of con
victed murderer Robert Alton Harris, who is scheduled to be executed at 12:01
a.m. Tuesday, see Newsline, page 3.

On the march
Several dozen Stanford students and members of Amnesty International march
across campus Friday to protest the death penalty. For more on the case of con
victed murderer Robert Alton Harris, who is scheduled to be executed at 12:01
a.m. Tuesday, see Newsline, page 3.

On the march
Several dozen Stanford students and members of Amnesty International march
across campus Friday to protest the death penalty. For more on the case of con
victed murderer Robert Alton Harris, who is scheduled to be executed at 12:01
a.m. Tuesday, see Newsline, page 3.
