# Adv. 6 Page 4
## 
### 
CL^V^ore
couples
c "n»' *o
< ",arl\ Ic
Jewelers
for .'ftp '
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle s prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for trie
same fine qualify Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Ciirhi/r
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Stroat
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^V^ore
couples
c "n»' *o
< ",arl\ Ic
Jewelers
for .'ftp '
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle s prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for trie
same fine qualify Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Ciirhi/r
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Stroat
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^V^ore
couples
c "n»' *o
< ",arl\ Ic
Jewelers
for .'ftp '
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle s prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for trie
same fine qualify Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Ciirhi/r
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Stroat
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^V^ore
couples
c "n»' *o
< ",arl\ Ic
Jewelers
for .'ftp '
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle s prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for trie
same fine qualify Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Ciirhi/r
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Stroat
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^V^ore
couples
c "n»' *o
< ",arl\ Ic
Jewelers
for .'ftp '
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle s prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for trie
same fine qualify Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Ciirhi/r
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Stroat
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^V^ore
couples
c "n»' *o
< ",arl\ Ic
Jewelers
for .'ftp '
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle s prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for trie
same fine qualify Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Ciirhi/r
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Stroat
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^V^ore
couples
c "n»' *o
< ",arl\ Ic
Jewelers
for .'ftp '
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle s prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for trie
same fine qualify Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Ciirhi/r
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Stroat
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^V^ore
couples
c "n»' *o
< ",arl\ Ic
Jewelers
for .'ftp '
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle s prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for trie
same fine qualify Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Ciirhi/r
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Stroat
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^V^ore
couples
c "n»' *o
< ",arl\ Ic
Jewelers
for .'ftp '
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle s prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for trie
same fine qualify Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Ciirhi/r
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Stroat
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^V^ore
couples
c "n»' *o
< ",arl\ Ic
Jewelers
for .'ftp '
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle s prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for trie
same fine qualify Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Ciirhi/r
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Stroat
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^V^ore
couples
c "n»' *o
< ",arl\ Ic
Jewelers
for .'ftp '
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle s prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for trie
same fine qualify Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Ciirhi/r
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Stroat
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^V^ore
couples
c "n»' *o
< ",arl\ Ic
Jewelers
for .'ftp '
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle s prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for trie
same fine qualify Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Ciirhi/r
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Stroat
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^V^ore
couples
c "n»' *o
< ",arl\ Ic
Jewelers
for .'ftp '
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle s prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for trie
same fine qualify Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Ciirhi/r
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Stroat
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^V^ore
couples
c "n»' *o
< ",arl\ Ic
Jewelers
for .'ftp '
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle s prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for trie
same fine qualify Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Ciirhi/r
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Stroat
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
