# Emerita Prof. Flugge-Lotz Dies
## 
### 
University News Service
Emerita Prof. Irmgard Flugge-Lotz,
internationally known for her studies
in aerodynamics and automatic
controls, died yesterday at Stanford
Hospital following a lengthy illness.
She was 70.
Dean William Kays of the School of
Engineering said she "was not only our
first woman professor of engineering,
she was one of our most distinguished
professors by any standard of
measure."
A professor of aeronautics,
astronautics and applied mechanics,
she taught at Stanford from 1949 until
her retirement in 1968. She and her
engineer husband. Emeritus Prof.
Wilhelm Flugge, both remained active
in research.
Flugge-Lotz received the 1970
achievement award of the Society of
Women Engineers for her distinguished
career in research and teaching. She

was cited for her "significant
contributions in the field of fluid
mechanics, in particular wing theory
and boundary layer theory."
She was the author of more than 50
scientific papers, including a 1931
computation on wing lift that was a
major contribution to modern aircraft
design.
Following retirement, she worked
on satellite control problems and on
problems of heat transfer and drag of
fast moving vehicles.
Born and educated in Germany, she
held a Diploma of Engineering and a
Doctor of Engineering degree from the
Technical University of Hannover. She
became head of the theoretical
department at Gottingen's
Aerodynamics Institute and a
scientific adviser to German and
French research institutes in fluid
mechanics.


IRMGARD FLUGGE-LOTZ
University News Service
Emerita Prof. Irmgard Flugge-Lotz,
internationally known for her studies
in aerodynamics and automatic
controls, died yesterday at Stanford
Hospital following a lengthy illness.
She was 70.
Dean William Kays of the School of
Engineering said she "was not only our
first woman professor of engineering,
she was one of our most distinguished
professors by any standard of
measure."
A professor of aeronautics,
astronautics and applied mechanics,
she taught at Stanford from 1949 until
her retirement in 1968. She and her
engineer husband. Emeritus Prof.
Wilhelm Flugge, both remained active
in research.
Flugge-Lotz received the 1970
achievement award of the Society of
Women Engineers for her distinguished
career in research and teaching. She

was cited for her "significant
contributions in the field of fluid
mechanics, in particular wing theory
and boundary layer theory."
She was the author of more than 50
scientific papers, including a 1931
computation on wing lift that was a
major contribution to modern aircraft
design.
Following retirement, she worked
on satellite control problems and on
problems of heat transfer and drag of
fast moving vehicles.
Born and educated in Germany, she
held a Diploma of Engineering and a
Doctor of Engineering degree from the
Technical University of Hannover. She
became head of the theoretical
department at Gottingen's
Aerodynamics Institute and a
scientific adviser to German and
French research institutes in fluid
mechanics.


IRMGARD FLUGGE-LOTZ
University News Service
Emerita Prof. Irmgard Flugge-Lotz,
internationally known for her studies
in aerodynamics and automatic
controls, died yesterday at Stanford
Hospital following a lengthy illness.
She was 70.
Dean William Kays of the School of
Engineering said she "was not only our
first woman professor of engineering,
she was one of our most distinguished
professors by any standard of
measure."
A professor of aeronautics,
astronautics and applied mechanics,
she taught at Stanford from 1949 until
her retirement in 1968. She and her
engineer husband. Emeritus Prof.
Wilhelm Flugge, both remained active
in research.
Flugge-Lotz received the 1970
achievement award of the Society of
Women Engineers for her distinguished
career in research and teaching. She

was cited for her "significant
contributions in the field of fluid
mechanics, in particular wing theory
and boundary layer theory."
She was the author of more than 50
scientific papers, including a 1931
computation on wing lift that was a
major contribution to modern aircraft
design.
Following retirement, she worked
on satellite control problems and on
problems of heat transfer and drag of
fast moving vehicles.
Born and educated in Germany, she
held a Diploma of Engineering and a
Doctor of Engineering degree from the
Technical University of Hannover. She
became head of the theoretical
department at Gottingen's
Aerodynamics Institute and a
scientific adviser to German and
French research institutes in fluid
mechanics.


IRMGARD FLUGGE-LOTZ
University News Service
Emerita Prof. Irmgard Flugge-Lotz,
internationally known for her studies
in aerodynamics and automatic
controls, died yesterday at Stanford
Hospital following a lengthy illness.
She was 70.
Dean William Kays of the School of
Engineering said she "was not only our
first woman professor of engineering,
she was one of our most distinguished
professors by any standard of
measure."
A professor of aeronautics,
astronautics and applied mechanics,
she taught at Stanford from 1949 until
her retirement in 1968. She and her
engineer husband. Emeritus Prof.
Wilhelm Flugge, both remained active
in research.
Flugge-Lotz received the 1970
achievement award of the Society of
Women Engineers for her distinguished
career in research and teaching. She

was cited for her "significant
contributions in the field of fluid
mechanics, in particular wing theory
and boundary layer theory."
She was the author of more than 50
scientific papers, including a 1931
computation on wing lift that was a
major contribution to modern aircraft
design.
Following retirement, she worked
on satellite control problems and on
problems of heat transfer and drag of
fast moving vehicles.
Born and educated in Germany, she
held a Diploma of Engineering and a
Doctor of Engineering degree from the
Technical University of Hannover. She
became head of the theoretical
department at Gottingen's
Aerodynamics Institute and a
scientific adviser to German and
French research institutes in fluid
mechanics.


IRMGARD FLUGGE-LOTZ
University News Service
Emerita Prof. Irmgard Flugge-Lotz,
internationally known for her studies
in aerodynamics and automatic
controls, died yesterday at Stanford
Hospital following a lengthy illness.
She was 70.
Dean William Kays of the School of
Engineering said she "was not only our
first woman professor of engineering,
she was one of our most distinguished
professors by any standard of
measure."
A professor of aeronautics,
astronautics and applied mechanics,
she taught at Stanford from 1949 until
her retirement in 1968. She and her
engineer husband. Emeritus Prof.
Wilhelm Flugge, both remained active
in research.
Flugge-Lotz received the 1970
achievement award of the Society of
Women Engineers for her distinguished
career in research and teaching. She

was cited for her "significant
contributions in the field of fluid
mechanics, in particular wing theory
and boundary layer theory."
She was the author of more than 50
scientific papers, including a 1931
computation on wing lift that was a
major contribution to modern aircraft
design.
Following retirement, she worked
on satellite control problems and on
problems of heat transfer and drag of
fast moving vehicles.
Born and educated in Germany, she
held a Diploma of Engineering and a
Doctor of Engineering degree from the
Technical University of Hannover. She
became head of the theoretical
department at Gottingen's
Aerodynamics Institute and a
scientific adviser to German and
French research institutes in fluid
mechanics.


IRMGARD FLUGGE-LOTZ
University News Service
Emerita Prof. Irmgard Flugge-Lotz,
internationally known for her studies
in aerodynamics and automatic
controls, died yesterday at Stanford
Hospital following a lengthy illness.
She was 70.
Dean William Kays of the School of
Engineering said she "was not only our
first woman professor of engineering,
she was one of our most distinguished
professors by any standard of
measure."
A professor of aeronautics,
astronautics and applied mechanics,
she taught at Stanford from 1949 until
her retirement in 1968. She and her
engineer husband. Emeritus Prof.
Wilhelm Flugge, both remained active
in research.
Flugge-Lotz received the 1970
achievement award of the Society of
Women Engineers for her distinguished
career in research and teaching. She

was cited for her "significant
contributions in the field of fluid
mechanics, in particular wing theory
and boundary layer theory."
She was the author of more than 50
scientific papers, including a 1931
computation on wing lift that was a
major contribution to modern aircraft
design.
Following retirement, she worked
on satellite control problems and on
problems of heat transfer and drag of
fast moving vehicles.
Born and educated in Germany, she
held a Diploma of Engineering and a
Doctor of Engineering degree from the
Technical University of Hannover. She
became head of the theoretical
department at Gottingen's
Aerodynamics Institute and a
scientific adviser to German and
French research institutes in fluid
mechanics.


IRMGARD FLUGGE-LOTZ
University News Service
Emerita Prof. Irmgard Flugge-Lotz,
internationally known for her studies
in aerodynamics and automatic
controls, died yesterday at Stanford
Hospital following a lengthy illness.
She was 70.
Dean William Kays of the School of
Engineering said she "was not only our
first woman professor of engineering,
she was one of our most distinguished
professors by any standard of
measure."
A professor of aeronautics,
astronautics and applied mechanics,
she taught at Stanford from 1949 until
her retirement in 1968. She and her
engineer husband. Emeritus Prof.
Wilhelm Flugge, both remained active
in research.
Flugge-Lotz received the 1970
achievement award of the Society of
Women Engineers for her distinguished
career in research and teaching. She

was cited for her "significant
contributions in the field of fluid
mechanics, in particular wing theory
and boundary layer theory."
She was the author of more than 50
scientific papers, including a 1931
computation on wing lift that was a
major contribution to modern aircraft
design.
Following retirement, she worked
on satellite control problems and on
problems of heat transfer and drag of
fast moving vehicles.
Born and educated in Germany, she
held a Diploma of Engineering and a
Doctor of Engineering degree from the
Technical University of Hannover. She
became head of the theoretical
department at Gottingen's
Aerodynamics Institute and a
scientific adviser to German and
French research institutes in fluid
mechanics.


IRMGARD FLUGGE-LOTZ
University News Service
Emerita Prof. Irmgard Flugge-Lotz,
internationally known for her studies
in aerodynamics and automatic
controls, died yesterday at Stanford
Hospital following a lengthy illness.
She was 70.
Dean William Kays of the School of
Engineering said she "was not only our
first woman professor of engineering,
she was one of our most distinguished
professors by any standard of
measure."
A professor of aeronautics,
astronautics and applied mechanics,
she taught at Stanford from 1949 until
her retirement in 1968. She and her
engineer husband. Emeritus Prof.
Wilhelm Flugge, both remained active
in research.
Flugge-Lotz received the 1970
achievement award of the Society of
Women Engineers for her distinguished
career in research and teaching. She

was cited for her "significant
contributions in the field of fluid
mechanics, in particular wing theory
and boundary layer theory."
She was the author of more than 50
scientific papers, including a 1931
computation on wing lift that was a
major contribution to modern aircraft
design.
Following retirement, she worked
on satellite control problems and on
problems of heat transfer and drag of
fast moving vehicles.
Born and educated in Germany, she
held a Diploma of Engineering and a
Doctor of Engineering degree from the
Technical University of Hannover. She
became head of the theoretical
department at Gottingen's
Aerodynamics Institute and a
scientific adviser to German and
French research institutes in fluid
mechanics.


IRMGARD FLUGGE-LOTZ
University News Service
Emerita Prof. Irmgard Flugge-Lotz,
internationally known for her studies
in aerodynamics and automatic
controls, died yesterday at Stanford
Hospital following a lengthy illness.
She was 70.
Dean William Kays of the School of
Engineering said she "was not only our
first woman professor of engineering,
she was one of our most distinguished
professors by any standard of
measure."
A professor of aeronautics,
astronautics and applied mechanics,
she taught at Stanford from 1949 until
her retirement in 1968. She and her
engineer husband. Emeritus Prof.
Wilhelm Flugge, both remained active
in research.
Flugge-Lotz received the 1970
achievement award of the Society of
Women Engineers for her distinguished
career in research and teaching. She

was cited for her "significant
contributions in the field of fluid
mechanics, in particular wing theory
and boundary layer theory."
She was the author of more than 50
scientific papers, including a 1931
computation on wing lift that was a
major contribution to modern aircraft
design.
Following retirement, she worked
on satellite control problems and on
problems of heat transfer and drag of
fast moving vehicles.
Born and educated in Germany, she
held a Diploma of Engineering and a
Doctor of Engineering degree from the
Technical University of Hannover. She
became head of the theoretical
department at Gottingen's
Aerodynamics Institute and a
scientific adviser to German and
French research institutes in fluid
mechanics.


IRMGARD FLUGGE-LOTZ
University News Service
Emerita Prof. Irmgard Flugge-Lotz,
internationally known for her studies
in aerodynamics and automatic
controls, died yesterday at Stanford
Hospital following a lengthy illness.
She was 70.
Dean William Kays of the School of
Engineering said she "was not only our
first woman professor of engineering,
she was one of our most distinguished
professors by any standard of
measure."
A professor of aeronautics,
astronautics and applied mechanics,
she taught at Stanford from 1949 until
her retirement in 1968. She and her
engineer husband. Emeritus Prof.
Wilhelm Flugge, both remained active
in research.
Flugge-Lotz received the 1970
achievement award of the Society of
Women Engineers for her distinguished
career in research and teaching. She

was cited for her "significant
contributions in the field of fluid
mechanics, in particular wing theory
and boundary layer theory."
She was the author of more than 50
scientific papers, including a 1931
computation on wing lift that was a
major contribution to modern aircraft
design.
Following retirement, she worked
on satellite control problems and on
problems of heat transfer and drag of
fast moving vehicles.
Born and educated in Germany, she
held a Diploma of Engineering and a
Doctor of Engineering degree from the
Technical University of Hannover. She
became head of the theoretical
department at Gottingen's
Aerodynamics Institute and a
scientific adviser to German and
French research institutes in fluid
mechanics.


IRMGARD FLUGGE-LOTZ
University News Service
Emerita Prof. Irmgard Flugge-Lotz,
internationally known for her studies
in aerodynamics and automatic
controls, died yesterday at Stanford
Hospital following a lengthy illness.
She was 70.
Dean William Kays of the School of
Engineering said she "was not only our
first woman professor of engineering,
she was one of our most distinguished
professors by any standard of
measure."
A professor of aeronautics,
astronautics and applied mechanics,
she taught at Stanford from 1949 until
her retirement in 1968. She and her
engineer husband. Emeritus Prof.
Wilhelm Flugge, both remained active
in research.
Flugge-Lotz received the 1970
achievement award of the Society of
Women Engineers for her distinguished
career in research and teaching. She

was cited for her "significant
contributions in the field of fluid
mechanics, in particular wing theory
and boundary layer theory."
She was the author of more than 50
scientific papers, including a 1931
computation on wing lift that was a
major contribution to modern aircraft
design.
Following retirement, she worked
on satellite control problems and on
problems of heat transfer and drag of
fast moving vehicles.
Born and educated in Germany, she
held a Diploma of Engineering and a
Doctor of Engineering degree from the
Technical University of Hannover. She
became head of the theoretical
department at Gottingen's
Aerodynamics Institute and a
scientific adviser to German and
French research institutes in fluid
mechanics.


IRMGARD FLUGGE-LOTZ
University News Service
Emerita Prof. Irmgard Flugge-Lotz,
internationally known for her studies
in aerodynamics and automatic
controls, died yesterday at Stanford
Hospital following a lengthy illness.
She was 70.
Dean William Kays of the School of
Engineering said she "was not only our
first woman professor of engineering,
she was one of our most distinguished
professors by any standard of
measure."
A professor of aeronautics,
astronautics and applied mechanics,
she taught at Stanford from 1949 until
her retirement in 1968. She and her
engineer husband. Emeritus Prof.
Wilhelm Flugge, both remained active
in research.
Flugge-Lotz received the 1970
achievement award of the Society of
Women Engineers for her distinguished
career in research and teaching. She

was cited for her "significant
contributions in the field of fluid
mechanics, in particular wing theory
and boundary layer theory."
She was the author of more than 50
scientific papers, including a 1931
computation on wing lift that was a
major contribution to modern aircraft
design.
Following retirement, she worked
on satellite control problems and on
problems of heat transfer and drag of
fast moving vehicles.
Born and educated in Germany, she
held a Diploma of Engineering and a
Doctor of Engineering degree from the
Technical University of Hannover. She
became head of the theoretical
department at Gottingen's
Aerodynamics Institute and a
scientific adviser to German and
French research institutes in fluid
mechanics.


IRMGARD FLUGGE-LOTZ
University News Service
Emerita Prof. Irmgard Flugge-Lotz,
internationally known for her studies
in aerodynamics and automatic
controls, died yesterday at Stanford
Hospital following a lengthy illness.
She was 70.
Dean William Kays of the School of
Engineering said she "was not only our
first woman professor of engineering,
she was one of our most distinguished
professors by any standard of
measure."
A professor of aeronautics,
astronautics and applied mechanics,
she taught at Stanford from 1949 until
her retirement in 1968. She and her
engineer husband. Emeritus Prof.
Wilhelm Flugge, both remained active
in research.
Flugge-Lotz received the 1970
achievement award of the Society of
Women Engineers for her distinguished
career in research and teaching. She

was cited for her "significant
contributions in the field of fluid
mechanics, in particular wing theory
and boundary layer theory."
She was the author of more than 50
scientific papers, including a 1931
computation on wing lift that was a
major contribution to modern aircraft
design.
Following retirement, she worked
on satellite control problems and on
problems of heat transfer and drag of
fast moving vehicles.
Born and educated in Germany, she
held a Diploma of Engineering and a
Doctor of Engineering degree from the
Technical University of Hannover. She
became head of the theoretical
department at Gottingen's
Aerodynamics Institute and a
scientific adviser to German and
French research institutes in fluid
mechanics.


IRMGARD FLUGGE-LOTZ
University News Service
Emerita Prof. Irmgard Flugge-Lotz,
internationally known for her studies
in aerodynamics and automatic
controls, died yesterday at Stanford
Hospital following a lengthy illness.
She was 70.
Dean William Kays of the School of
Engineering said she "was not only our
first woman professor of engineering,
she was one of our most distinguished
professors by any standard of
measure."
A professor of aeronautics,
astronautics and applied mechanics,
she taught at Stanford from 1949 until
her retirement in 1968. She and her
engineer husband. Emeritus Prof.
Wilhelm Flugge, both remained active
in research.
Flugge-Lotz received the 1970
achievement award of the Society of
Women Engineers for her distinguished
career in research and teaching. She

was cited for her "significant
contributions in the field of fluid
mechanics, in particular wing theory
and boundary layer theory."
She was the author of more than 50
scientific papers, including a 1931
computation on wing lift that was a
major contribution to modern aircraft
design.
Following retirement, she worked
on satellite control problems and on
problems of heat transfer and drag of
fast moving vehicles.
Born and educated in Germany, she
held a Diploma of Engineering and a
Doctor of Engineering degree from the
Technical University of Hannover. She
became head of the theoretical
department at Gottingen's
Aerodynamics Institute and a
scientific adviser to German and
French research institutes in fluid
mechanics.


IRMGARD FLUGGE-LOTZ
