# Hoover Sworn In On Dulles' Staff
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4 (UP) —
Herbert Hoover Jr., oldest son of
the former President, was sworn in
today as Undersecretary of State as
his father looked on proudly.
Immediately after the oath was
administered by Protocol Chief John
Farr Simmons, young Hoover said it
was a "great privilege" to be chief
assistant to SecTetary State John
Foster Dulles.
Dulles replied he was certain his
efforts "will be splendidly rein
forced" by Hoover. He said he was
most fortunate to have had Walter
Bedell Smith as Undersecretary un
til now and "extremely fortunate"
that Hoover was replacing Smith.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4 (UP) —
Herbert Hoover Jr., oldest son of
the former President, was sworn in
today as Undersecretary of State as
his father looked on proudly.
Immediately after the oath was
administered by Protocol Chief John
Farr Simmons, young Hoover said it
was a "great privilege" to be chief
assistant to SecTetary State John
Foster Dulles.
Dulles replied he was certain his
efforts "will be splendidly rein
forced" by Hoover. He said he was
most fortunate to have had Walter
Bedell Smith as Undersecretary un
til now and "extremely fortunate"
that Hoover was replacing Smith.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4 (UP) —
Herbert Hoover Jr., oldest son of
the former President, was sworn in
today as Undersecretary of State as
his father looked on proudly.
Immediately after the oath was
administered by Protocol Chief John
Farr Simmons, young Hoover said it
was a "great privilege" to be chief
assistant to SecTetary State John
Foster Dulles.
Dulles replied he was certain his
efforts "will be splendidly rein
forced" by Hoover. He said he was
most fortunate to have had Walter
Bedell Smith as Undersecretary un
til now and "extremely fortunate"
that Hoover was replacing Smith.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4 (UP) —
Herbert Hoover Jr., oldest son of
the former President, was sworn in
today as Undersecretary of State as
his father looked on proudly.
Immediately after the oath was
administered by Protocol Chief John
Farr Simmons, young Hoover said it
was a "great privilege" to be chief
assistant to SecTetary State John
Foster Dulles.
Dulles replied he was certain his
efforts "will be splendidly rein
forced" by Hoover. He said he was
most fortunate to have had Walter
Bedell Smith as Undersecretary un
til now and "extremely fortunate"
that Hoover was replacing Smith.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4 (UP) —
Herbert Hoover Jr., oldest son of
the former President, was sworn in
today as Undersecretary of State as
his father looked on proudly.
Immediately after the oath was
administered by Protocol Chief John
Farr Simmons, young Hoover said it
was a "great privilege" to be chief
assistant to SecTetary State John
Foster Dulles.
Dulles replied he was certain his
efforts "will be splendidly rein
forced" by Hoover. He said he was
most fortunate to have had Walter
Bedell Smith as Undersecretary un
til now and "extremely fortunate"
that Hoover was replacing Smith.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4 (UP) —
Herbert Hoover Jr., oldest son of
the former President, was sworn in
today as Undersecretary of State as
his father looked on proudly.
Immediately after the oath was
administered by Protocol Chief John
Farr Simmons, young Hoover said it
was a "great privilege" to be chief
assistant to SecTetary State John
Foster Dulles.
Dulles replied he was certain his
efforts "will be splendidly rein
forced" by Hoover. He said he was
most fortunate to have had Walter
Bedell Smith as Undersecretary un
til now and "extremely fortunate"
that Hoover was replacing Smith.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4 (UP) —
Herbert Hoover Jr., oldest son of
the former President, was sworn in
today as Undersecretary of State as
his father looked on proudly.
Immediately after the oath was
administered by Protocol Chief John
Farr Simmons, young Hoover said it
was a "great privilege" to be chief
assistant to SecTetary State John
Foster Dulles.
Dulles replied he was certain his
efforts "will be splendidly rein
forced" by Hoover. He said he was
most fortunate to have had Walter
Bedell Smith as Undersecretary un
til now and "extremely fortunate"
that Hoover was replacing Smith.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4 (UP) —
Herbert Hoover Jr., oldest son of
the former President, was sworn in
today as Undersecretary of State as
his father looked on proudly.
Immediately after the oath was
administered by Protocol Chief John
Farr Simmons, young Hoover said it
was a "great privilege" to be chief
assistant to SecTetary State John
Foster Dulles.
Dulles replied he was certain his
efforts "will be splendidly rein
forced" by Hoover. He said he was
most fortunate to have had Walter
Bedell Smith as Undersecretary un
til now and "extremely fortunate"
that Hoover was replacing Smith.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4 (UP) —
Herbert Hoover Jr., oldest son of
the former President, was sworn in
today as Undersecretary of State as
his father looked on proudly.
Immediately after the oath was
administered by Protocol Chief John
Farr Simmons, young Hoover said it
was a "great privilege" to be chief
assistant to SecTetary State John
Foster Dulles.
Dulles replied he was certain his
efforts "will be splendidly rein
forced" by Hoover. He said he was
most fortunate to have had Walter
Bedell Smith as Undersecretary un
til now and "extremely fortunate"
that Hoover was replacing Smith.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4 (UP) —
Herbert Hoover Jr., oldest son of
the former President, was sworn in
today as Undersecretary of State as
his father looked on proudly.
Immediately after the oath was
administered by Protocol Chief John
Farr Simmons, young Hoover said it
was a "great privilege" to be chief
assistant to SecTetary State John
Foster Dulles.
Dulles replied he was certain his
efforts "will be splendidly rein
forced" by Hoover. He said he was
most fortunate to have had Walter
Bedell Smith as Undersecretary un
til now and "extremely fortunate"
that Hoover was replacing Smith.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4 (UP) —
Herbert Hoover Jr., oldest son of
the former President, was sworn in
today as Undersecretary of State as
his father looked on proudly.
Immediately after the oath was
administered by Protocol Chief John
Farr Simmons, young Hoover said it
was a "great privilege" to be chief
assistant to SecTetary State John
Foster Dulles.
Dulles replied he was certain his
efforts "will be splendidly rein
forced" by Hoover. He said he was
most fortunate to have had Walter
Bedell Smith as Undersecretary un
til now and "extremely fortunate"
that Hoover was replacing Smith.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4 (UP) —
Herbert Hoover Jr., oldest son of
the former President, was sworn in
today as Undersecretary of State as
his father looked on proudly.
Immediately after the oath was
administered by Protocol Chief John
Farr Simmons, young Hoover said it
was a "great privilege" to be chief
assistant to SecTetary State John
Foster Dulles.
Dulles replied he was certain his
efforts "will be splendidly rein
forced" by Hoover. He said he was
most fortunate to have had Walter
Bedell Smith as Undersecretary un
til now and "extremely fortunate"
that Hoover was replacing Smith.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4 (UP) —
Herbert Hoover Jr., oldest son of
the former President, was sworn in
today as Undersecretary of State as
his father looked on proudly.
Immediately after the oath was
administered by Protocol Chief John
Farr Simmons, young Hoover said it
was a "great privilege" to be chief
assistant to SecTetary State John
Foster Dulles.
Dulles replied he was certain his
efforts "will be splendidly rein
forced" by Hoover. He said he was
most fortunate to have had Walter
Bedell Smith as Undersecretary un
til now and "extremely fortunate"
that Hoover was replacing Smith.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4 (UP) —
Herbert Hoover Jr., oldest son of
the former President, was sworn in
today as Undersecretary of State as
his father looked on proudly.
Immediately after the oath was
administered by Protocol Chief John
Farr Simmons, young Hoover said it
was a "great privilege" to be chief
assistant to SecTetary State John
Foster Dulles.
Dulles replied he was certain his
efforts "will be splendidly rein
forced" by Hoover. He said he was
most fortunate to have had Walter
Bedell Smith as Undersecretary un
til now and "extremely fortunate"
that Hoover was replacing Smith.
