# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Mardel Maynard, '54,
to Maxwell McCollough, '54.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Mardel Maynard, '54,
to Maxwell McCollough, '54.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Mardel Maynard, '54,
to Maxwell McCollough, '54.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Mardel Maynard, '54,
to Maxwell McCollough, '54.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Mardel Maynard, '54,
to Maxwell McCollough, '54.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Mardel Maynard, '54,
to Maxwell McCollough, '54.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Mardel Maynard, '54,
to Maxwell McCollough, '54.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Mardel Maynard, '54,
to Maxwell McCollough, '54.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Mardel Maynard, '54,
to Maxwell McCollough, '54.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Mardel Maynard, '54,
to Maxwell McCollough, '54.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Mardel Maynard, '54,
to Maxwell McCollough, '54.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Mardel Maynard, '54,
to Maxwell McCollough, '54.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Mardel Maynard, '54,
to Maxwell McCollough, '54.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Mardel Maynard, '54,
to Maxwell McCollough, '54.
