# Theta Chi Reports Sunday Morning Theft
## 
### 
A theft of $56.50 in cash was re
ported by the Theta Chi house early
Sunday morning, according to Police
Chief Gordon Davis. Other items
stolen included an electric razor,
cigarette lighter, and cuff links.
A theft of $56.50 in cash was re
ported by the Theta Chi house early
Sunday morning, according to Police
Chief Gordon Davis. Other items
stolen included an electric razor,
cigarette lighter, and cuff links.
A theft of $56.50 in cash was re
ported by the Theta Chi house early
Sunday morning, according to Police
Chief Gordon Davis. Other items
stolen included an electric razor,
cigarette lighter, and cuff links.
A theft of $56.50 in cash was re
ported by the Theta Chi house early
Sunday morning, according to Police
Chief Gordon Davis. Other items
stolen included an electric razor,
cigarette lighter, and cuff links.
A theft of $56.50 in cash was re
ported by the Theta Chi house early
Sunday morning, according to Police
Chief Gordon Davis. Other items
stolen included an electric razor,
cigarette lighter, and cuff links.
A theft of $56.50 in cash was re
ported by the Theta Chi house early
Sunday morning, according to Police
Chief Gordon Davis. Other items
stolen included an electric razor,
cigarette lighter, and cuff links.
A theft of $56.50 in cash was re
ported by the Theta Chi house early
Sunday morning, according to Police
Chief Gordon Davis. Other items
stolen included an electric razor,
cigarette lighter, and cuff links.
A theft of $56.50 in cash was re
ported by the Theta Chi house early
Sunday morning, according to Police
Chief Gordon Davis. Other items
stolen included an electric razor,
cigarette lighter, and cuff links.
A theft of $56.50 in cash was re
ported by the Theta Chi house early
Sunday morning, according to Police
Chief Gordon Davis. Other items
stolen included an electric razor,
cigarette lighter, and cuff links.
A theft of $56.50 in cash was re
ported by the Theta Chi house early
Sunday morning, according to Police
Chief Gordon Davis. Other items
stolen included an electric razor,
cigarette lighter, and cuff links.
A theft of $56.50 in cash was re
ported by the Theta Chi house early
Sunday morning, according to Police
Chief Gordon Davis. Other items
stolen included an electric razor,
cigarette lighter, and cuff links.
A theft of $56.50 in cash was re
ported by the Theta Chi house early
Sunday morning, according to Police
Chief Gordon Davis. Other items
stolen included an electric razor,
cigarette lighter, and cuff links.
A theft of $56.50 in cash was re
ported by the Theta Chi house early
Sunday morning, according to Police
Chief Gordon Davis. Other items
stolen included an electric razor,
cigarette lighter, and cuff links.
A theft of $56.50 in cash was re
ported by the Theta Chi house early
Sunday morning, according to Police
Chief Gordon Davis. Other items
stolen included an electric razor,
cigarette lighter, and cuff links.
