# Far East Defense
## 
### 
WASHINGTON State Depart
ment consultant John Foster Dulles
said today the Japanese peace trea
ty and the related Pacific security
agreements are "initial steps" in a
broad system of mutual defense in
the Fat East.
But lie said there are no imme
diate plans for inaugurating a
broad multilateral defense pact in
the Pacific similar to the North At
lantic Treaty Organization.
WASHINGTON State Depart
ment consultant John Foster Dulles
said today the Japanese peace trea
ty and the related Pacific security
agreements are "initial steps" in a
broad system of mutual defense in
the Fat East.
But lie said there are no imme
diate plans for inaugurating a
broad multilateral defense pact in
the Pacific similar to the North At
lantic Treaty Organization.
WASHINGTON State Depart
ment consultant John Foster Dulles
said today the Japanese peace trea
ty and the related Pacific security
agreements are "initial steps" in a
broad system of mutual defense in
the Fat East.
But lie said there are no imme
diate plans for inaugurating a
broad multilateral defense pact in
the Pacific similar to the North At
lantic Treaty Organization.
WASHINGTON State Depart
ment consultant John Foster Dulles
said today the Japanese peace trea
ty and the related Pacific security
agreements are "initial steps" in a
broad system of mutual defense in
the Fat East.
But lie said there are no imme
diate plans for inaugurating a
broad multilateral defense pact in
the Pacific similar to the North At
lantic Treaty Organization.
WASHINGTON State Depart
ment consultant John Foster Dulles
said today the Japanese peace trea
ty and the related Pacific security
agreements are "initial steps" in a
broad system of mutual defense in
the Fat East.
But lie said there are no imme
diate plans for inaugurating a
broad multilateral defense pact in
the Pacific similar to the North At
lantic Treaty Organization.
WASHINGTON State Depart
ment consultant John Foster Dulles
said today the Japanese peace trea
ty and the related Pacific security
agreements are "initial steps" in a
broad system of mutual defense in
the Fat East.
But lie said there are no imme
diate plans for inaugurating a
broad multilateral defense pact in
the Pacific similar to the North At
lantic Treaty Organization.
WASHINGTON State Depart
ment consultant John Foster Dulles
said today the Japanese peace trea
ty and the related Pacific security
agreements are "initial steps" in a
broad system of mutual defense in
the Fat East.
But lie said there are no imme
diate plans for inaugurating a
broad multilateral defense pact in
the Pacific similar to the North At
lantic Treaty Organization.
WASHINGTON State Depart
ment consultant John Foster Dulles
said today the Japanese peace trea
ty and the related Pacific security
agreements are "initial steps" in a
broad system of mutual defense in
the Fat East.
But lie said there are no imme
diate plans for inaugurating a
broad multilateral defense pact in
the Pacific similar to the North At
lantic Treaty Organization.
WASHINGTON State Depart
ment consultant John Foster Dulles
said today the Japanese peace trea
ty and the related Pacific security
agreements are "initial steps" in a
broad system of mutual defense in
the Fat East.
But lie said there are no imme
diate plans for inaugurating a
broad multilateral defense pact in
the Pacific similar to the North At
lantic Treaty Organization.
WASHINGTON State Depart
ment consultant John Foster Dulles
said today the Japanese peace trea
ty and the related Pacific security
agreements are "initial steps" in a
broad system of mutual defense in
the Fat East.
But lie said there are no imme
diate plans for inaugurating a
broad multilateral defense pact in
the Pacific similar to the North At
lantic Treaty Organization.
WASHINGTON State Depart
ment consultant John Foster Dulles
said today the Japanese peace trea
ty and the related Pacific security
agreements are "initial steps" in a
broad system of mutual defense in
the Fat East.
But lie said there are no imme
diate plans for inaugurating a
broad multilateral defense pact in
the Pacific similar to the North At
lantic Treaty Organization.
WASHINGTON State Depart
ment consultant John Foster Dulles
said today the Japanese peace trea
ty and the related Pacific security
agreements are "initial steps" in a
broad system of mutual defense in
the Fat East.
But lie said there are no imme
diate plans for inaugurating a
broad multilateral defense pact in
the Pacific similar to the North At
lantic Treaty Organization.
WASHINGTON State Depart
ment consultant John Foster Dulles
said today the Japanese peace trea
ty and the related Pacific security
agreements are "initial steps" in a
broad system of mutual defense in
the Fat East.
But lie said there are no imme
diate plans for inaugurating a
broad multilateral defense pact in
the Pacific similar to the North At
lantic Treaty Organization.
WASHINGTON State Depart
ment consultant John Foster Dulles
said today the Japanese peace trea
ty and the related Pacific security
agreements are "initial steps" in a
broad system of mutual defense in
the Fat East.
But lie said there are no imme
diate plans for inaugurating a
broad multilateral defense pact in
the Pacific similar to the North At
lantic Treaty Organization.
WASHINGTON State Depart
ment consultant John Foster Dulles
said today the Japanese peace trea
ty and the related Pacific security
agreements are "initial steps" in a
broad system of mutual defense in
the Fat East.
But lie said there are no imme
diate plans for inaugurating a
broad multilateral defense pact in
the Pacific similar to the North At
lantic Treaty Organization.
WASHINGTON State Depart
ment consultant John Foster Dulles
said today the Japanese peace trea
ty and the related Pacific security
agreements are "initial steps" in a
broad system of mutual defense in
the Fat East.
But lie said there are no imme
diate plans for inaugurating a
broad multilateral defense pact in
the Pacific similar to the North At
lantic Treaty Organization.
