# Scoweroft Talks Today at Library
## 
### 
Richard Scoweroft of the Univer
sity Creative Writing Center faculty
will be today's speaker at the first
Intermezzo program to be held at
3:30 p.m. in the University Library.
He will speak on "Readers and the
Book."
Continuing the series of three
chcdulod programs will be Karl M.
Birkmeyer of the Art Department
faculty, who will speak on "Dada
ism, Surrealism, and So On." Dr.
William L. Crosten, head of the
University's Music Department, will
peak on March 5 when his subject
will be "Then There Is Music."
Richard Scoweroft of the Univer
sity Creative Writing Center faculty
will be today's speaker at the first
Intermezzo program to be held at
3:30 p.m. in the University Library.
He will speak on "Readers and the
Book."
Continuing the series of three
chcdulod programs will be Karl M.
Birkmeyer of the Art Department
faculty, who will speak on "Dada
ism, Surrealism, and So On." Dr.
William L. Crosten, head of the
University's Music Department, will
peak on March 5 when his subject
will be "Then There Is Music."
Richard Scoweroft of the Univer
sity Creative Writing Center faculty
will be today's speaker at the first
Intermezzo program to be held at
3:30 p.m. in the University Library.
He will speak on "Readers and the
Book."
Continuing the series of three
chcdulod programs will be Karl M.
Birkmeyer of the Art Department
faculty, who will speak on "Dada
ism, Surrealism, and So On." Dr.
William L. Crosten, head of the
University's Music Department, will
peak on March 5 when his subject
will be "Then There Is Music."
Richard Scoweroft of the Univer
sity Creative Writing Center faculty
will be today's speaker at the first
Intermezzo program to be held at
3:30 p.m. in the University Library.
He will speak on "Readers and the
Book."
Continuing the series of three
chcdulod programs will be Karl M.
Birkmeyer of the Art Department
faculty, who will speak on "Dada
ism, Surrealism, and So On." Dr.
William L. Crosten, head of the
University's Music Department, will
peak on March 5 when his subject
will be "Then There Is Music."
Richard Scoweroft of the Univer
sity Creative Writing Center faculty
will be today's speaker at the first
Intermezzo program to be held at
3:30 p.m. in the University Library.
He will speak on "Readers and the
Book."
Continuing the series of three
chcdulod programs will be Karl M.
Birkmeyer of the Art Department
faculty, who will speak on "Dada
ism, Surrealism, and So On." Dr.
William L. Crosten, head of the
University's Music Department, will
peak on March 5 when his subject
will be "Then There Is Music."
Richard Scoweroft of the Univer
sity Creative Writing Center faculty
will be today's speaker at the first
Intermezzo program to be held at
3:30 p.m. in the University Library.
He will speak on "Readers and the
Book."
Continuing the series of three
chcdulod programs will be Karl M.
Birkmeyer of the Art Department
faculty, who will speak on "Dada
ism, Surrealism, and So On." Dr.
William L. Crosten, head of the
University's Music Department, will
peak on March 5 when his subject
will be "Then There Is Music."
Richard Scoweroft of the Univer
sity Creative Writing Center faculty
will be today's speaker at the first
Intermezzo program to be held at
3:30 p.m. in the University Library.
He will speak on "Readers and the
Book."
Continuing the series of three
chcdulod programs will be Karl M.
Birkmeyer of the Art Department
faculty, who will speak on "Dada
ism, Surrealism, and So On." Dr.
William L. Crosten, head of the
University's Music Department, will
peak on March 5 when his subject
will be "Then There Is Music."
Richard Scoweroft of the Univer
sity Creative Writing Center faculty
will be today's speaker at the first
Intermezzo program to be held at
3:30 p.m. in the University Library.
He will speak on "Readers and the
Book."
Continuing the series of three
chcdulod programs will be Karl M.
Birkmeyer of the Art Department
faculty, who will speak on "Dada
ism, Surrealism, and So On." Dr.
William L. Crosten, head of the
University's Music Department, will
peak on March 5 when his subject
will be "Then There Is Music."
Richard Scoweroft of the Univer
sity Creative Writing Center faculty
will be today's speaker at the first
Intermezzo program to be held at
3:30 p.m. in the University Library.
He will speak on "Readers and the
Book."
Continuing the series of three
chcdulod programs will be Karl M.
Birkmeyer of the Art Department
faculty, who will speak on "Dada
ism, Surrealism, and So On." Dr.
William L. Crosten, head of the
University's Music Department, will
peak on March 5 when his subject
will be "Then There Is Music."
Richard Scoweroft of the Univer
sity Creative Writing Center faculty
will be today's speaker at the first
Intermezzo program to be held at
3:30 p.m. in the University Library.
He will speak on "Readers and the
Book."
Continuing the series of three
chcdulod programs will be Karl M.
Birkmeyer of the Art Department
faculty, who will speak on "Dada
ism, Surrealism, and So On." Dr.
William L. Crosten, head of the
University's Music Department, will
peak on March 5 when his subject
will be "Then There Is Music."
Richard Scoweroft of the Univer
sity Creative Writing Center faculty
will be today's speaker at the first
Intermezzo program to be held at
3:30 p.m. in the University Library.
He will speak on "Readers and the
Book."
Continuing the series of three
chcdulod programs will be Karl M.
Birkmeyer of the Art Department
faculty, who will speak on "Dada
ism, Surrealism, and So On." Dr.
William L. Crosten, head of the
University's Music Department, will
peak on March 5 when his subject
will be "Then There Is Music."
Richard Scoweroft of the Univer
sity Creative Writing Center faculty
will be today's speaker at the first
Intermezzo program to be held at
3:30 p.m. in the University Library.
He will speak on "Readers and the
Book."
Continuing the series of three
chcdulod programs will be Karl M.
Birkmeyer of the Art Department
faculty, who will speak on "Dada
ism, Surrealism, and So On." Dr.
William L. Crosten, head of the
University's Music Department, will
peak on March 5 when his subject
will be "Then There Is Music."
Richard Scoweroft of the Univer
sity Creative Writing Center faculty
will be today's speaker at the first
Intermezzo program to be held at
3:30 p.m. in the University Library.
He will speak on "Readers and the
Book."
Continuing the series of three
chcdulod programs will be Karl M.
Birkmeyer of the Art Department
faculty, who will speak on "Dada
ism, Surrealism, and So On." Dr.
William L. Crosten, head of the
University's Music Department, will
peak on March 5 when his subject
will be "Then There Is Music."
Richard Scoweroft of the Univer
sity Creative Writing Center faculty
will be today's speaker at the first
Intermezzo program to be held at
3:30 p.m. in the University Library.
He will speak on "Readers and the
Book."
Continuing the series of three
chcdulod programs will be Karl M.
Birkmeyer of the Art Department
faculty, who will speak on "Dada
ism, Surrealism, and So On." Dr.
William L. Crosten, head of the
University's Music Department, will
peak on March 5 when his subject
will be "Then There Is Music."
Richard Scoweroft of the Univer
sity Creative Writing Center faculty
will be today's speaker at the first
Intermezzo program to be held at
3:30 p.m. in the University Library.
He will speak on "Readers and the
Book."
Continuing the series of three
chcdulod programs will be Karl M.
Birkmeyer of the Art Department
faculty, who will speak on "Dada
ism, Surrealism, and So On." Dr.
William L. Crosten, head of the
University's Music Department, will
peak on March 5 when his subject
will be "Then There Is Music."
Richard Scoweroft of the Univer
sity Creative Writing Center faculty
will be today's speaker at the first
Intermezzo program to be held at
3:30 p.m. in the University Library.
He will speak on "Readers and the
Book."
Continuing the series of three
chcdulod programs will be Karl M.
Birkmeyer of the Art Department
faculty, who will speak on "Dada
ism, Surrealism, and So On." Dr.
William L. Crosten, head of the
University's Music Department, will
peak on March 5 when his subject
will be "Then There Is Music."
