# Use of Abandoned House Considered
## 
### 
Cardinals last night appointed a
committee to investigate the possi
bility of using the Lathrop family
house on the hill overlooking Lake
Lagunita for student gatherings.
The Lathrop house is now unused.
Cardinals' committee will consider
factors such as renovation and
maintenance costs which stand in
the way of converting the building
into a center for meetings and so
cial aafTirs.
Cardinal . last night also began
work on its recently undertaken
project of improving Stanford stu
dent-faculty relations. The organi
zation plans to quiz students and
faculty in the near future for sug
gestions on techniques to use in a
relations betterment, program.
Cardinals Mel Butler and Skip Ir
ving were appointed chairmen of
Con Home Week, to be held May
5-10.
Cardinals last night appointed a
committee to investigate the possi
bility of using the Lathrop family
house on the hill overlooking Lake
Lagunita for student gatherings.
The Lathrop house is now unused.
Cardinals' committee will consider
factors such as renovation and
maintenance costs which stand in
the way of converting the building
into a center for meetings and so
cial aafTirs.
Cardinal . last night also began
work on its recently undertaken
project of improving Stanford stu
dent-faculty relations. The organi
zation plans to quiz students and
faculty in the near future for sug
gestions on techniques to use in a
relations betterment, program.
Cardinals Mel Butler and Skip Ir
ving were appointed chairmen of
Con Home Week, to be held May
5-10.
Cardinals last night appointed a
committee to investigate the possi
bility of using the Lathrop family
house on the hill overlooking Lake
Lagunita for student gatherings.
The Lathrop house is now unused.
Cardinals' committee will consider
factors such as renovation and
maintenance costs which stand in
the way of converting the building
into a center for meetings and so
cial aafTirs.
Cardinal . last night also began
work on its recently undertaken
project of improving Stanford stu
dent-faculty relations. The organi
zation plans to quiz students and
faculty in the near future for sug
gestions on techniques to use in a
relations betterment, program.
Cardinals Mel Butler and Skip Ir
ving were appointed chairmen of
Con Home Week, to be held May
5-10.
Cardinals last night appointed a
committee to investigate the possi
bility of using the Lathrop family
house on the hill overlooking Lake
Lagunita for student gatherings.
The Lathrop house is now unused.
Cardinals' committee will consider
factors such as renovation and
maintenance costs which stand in
the way of converting the building
into a center for meetings and so
cial aafTirs.
Cardinal . last night also began
work on its recently undertaken
project of improving Stanford stu
dent-faculty relations. The organi
zation plans to quiz students and
faculty in the near future for sug
gestions on techniques to use in a
relations betterment, program.
Cardinals Mel Butler and Skip Ir
ving were appointed chairmen of
Con Home Week, to be held May
5-10.
Cardinals last night appointed a
committee to investigate the possi
bility of using the Lathrop family
house on the hill overlooking Lake
Lagunita for student gatherings.
The Lathrop house is now unused.
Cardinals' committee will consider
factors such as renovation and
maintenance costs which stand in
the way of converting the building
into a center for meetings and so
cial aafTirs.
Cardinal . last night also began
work on its recently undertaken
project of improving Stanford stu
dent-faculty relations. The organi
zation plans to quiz students and
faculty in the near future for sug
gestions on techniques to use in a
relations betterment, program.
Cardinals Mel Butler and Skip Ir
ving were appointed chairmen of
Con Home Week, to be held May
5-10.
Cardinals last night appointed a
committee to investigate the possi
bility of using the Lathrop family
house on the hill overlooking Lake
Lagunita for student gatherings.
The Lathrop house is now unused.
Cardinals' committee will consider
factors such as renovation and
maintenance costs which stand in
the way of converting the building
into a center for meetings and so
cial aafTirs.
Cardinal . last night also began
work on its recently undertaken
project of improving Stanford stu
dent-faculty relations. The organi
zation plans to quiz students and
faculty in the near future for sug
gestions on techniques to use in a
relations betterment, program.
Cardinals Mel Butler and Skip Ir
ving were appointed chairmen of
Con Home Week, to be held May
5-10.
Cardinals last night appointed a
committee to investigate the possi
bility of using the Lathrop family
house on the hill overlooking Lake
Lagunita for student gatherings.
The Lathrop house is now unused.
Cardinals' committee will consider
factors such as renovation and
maintenance costs which stand in
the way of converting the building
into a center for meetings and so
cial aafTirs.
Cardinal . last night also began
work on its recently undertaken
project of improving Stanford stu
dent-faculty relations. The organi
zation plans to quiz students and
faculty in the near future for sug
gestions on techniques to use in a
relations betterment, program.
Cardinals Mel Butler and Skip Ir
ving were appointed chairmen of
Con Home Week, to be held May
5-10.
Cardinals last night appointed a
committee to investigate the possi
bility of using the Lathrop family
house on the hill overlooking Lake
Lagunita for student gatherings.
The Lathrop house is now unused.
Cardinals' committee will consider
factors such as renovation and
maintenance costs which stand in
the way of converting the building
into a center for meetings and so
cial aafTirs.
Cardinal . last night also began
work on its recently undertaken
project of improving Stanford stu
dent-faculty relations. The organi
zation plans to quiz students and
faculty in the near future for sug
gestions on techniques to use in a
relations betterment, program.
Cardinals Mel Butler and Skip Ir
ving were appointed chairmen of
Con Home Week, to be held May
5-10.
Cardinals last night appointed a
committee to investigate the possi
bility of using the Lathrop family
house on the hill overlooking Lake
Lagunita for student gatherings.
The Lathrop house is now unused.
Cardinals' committee will consider
factors such as renovation and
maintenance costs which stand in
the way of converting the building
into a center for meetings and so
cial aafTirs.
Cardinal . last night also began
work on its recently undertaken
project of improving Stanford stu
dent-faculty relations. The organi
zation plans to quiz students and
faculty in the near future for sug
gestions on techniques to use in a
relations betterment, program.
Cardinals Mel Butler and Skip Ir
ving were appointed chairmen of
Con Home Week, to be held May
5-10.
Cardinals last night appointed a
committee to investigate the possi
bility of using the Lathrop family
house on the hill overlooking Lake
Lagunita for student gatherings.
The Lathrop house is now unused.
Cardinals' committee will consider
factors such as renovation and
maintenance costs which stand in
the way of converting the building
into a center for meetings and so
cial aafTirs.
Cardinal . last night also began
work on its recently undertaken
project of improving Stanford stu
dent-faculty relations. The organi
zation plans to quiz students and
faculty in the near future for sug
gestions on techniques to use in a
relations betterment, program.
Cardinals Mel Butler and Skip Ir
ving were appointed chairmen of
Con Home Week, to be held May
5-10.
Cardinals last night appointed a
committee to investigate the possi
bility of using the Lathrop family
house on the hill overlooking Lake
Lagunita for student gatherings.
The Lathrop house is now unused.
Cardinals' committee will consider
factors such as renovation and
maintenance costs which stand in
the way of converting the building
into a center for meetings and so
cial aafTirs.
Cardinal . last night also began
work on its recently undertaken
project of improving Stanford stu
dent-faculty relations. The organi
zation plans to quiz students and
faculty in the near future for sug
gestions on techniques to use in a
relations betterment, program.
Cardinals Mel Butler and Skip Ir
ving were appointed chairmen of
Con Home Week, to be held May
5-10.
Cardinals last night appointed a
committee to investigate the possi
bility of using the Lathrop family
house on the hill overlooking Lake
Lagunita for student gatherings.
The Lathrop house is now unused.
Cardinals' committee will consider
factors such as renovation and
maintenance costs which stand in
the way of converting the building
into a center for meetings and so
cial aafTirs.
Cardinal . last night also began
work on its recently undertaken
project of improving Stanford stu
dent-faculty relations. The organi
zation plans to quiz students and
faculty in the near future for sug
gestions on techniques to use in a
relations betterment, program.
Cardinals Mel Butler and Skip Ir
ving were appointed chairmen of
Con Home Week, to be held May
5-10.
Cardinals last night appointed a
committee to investigate the possi
bility of using the Lathrop family
house on the hill overlooking Lake
Lagunita for student gatherings.
The Lathrop house is now unused.
Cardinals' committee will consider
factors such as renovation and
maintenance costs which stand in
the way of converting the building
into a center for meetings and so
cial aafTirs.
Cardinal . last night also began
work on its recently undertaken
project of improving Stanford stu
dent-faculty relations. The organi
zation plans to quiz students and
faculty in the near future for sug
gestions on techniques to use in a
relations betterment, program.
Cardinals Mel Butler and Skip Ir
ving were appointed chairmen of
Con Home Week, to be held May
5-10.
Cardinals last night appointed a
committee to investigate the possi
bility of using the Lathrop family
house on the hill overlooking Lake
Lagunita for student gatherings.
The Lathrop house is now unused.
Cardinals' committee will consider
factors such as renovation and
maintenance costs which stand in
the way of converting the building
into a center for meetings and so
cial aafTirs.
Cardinal . last night also began
work on its recently undertaken
project of improving Stanford stu
dent-faculty relations. The organi
zation plans to quiz students and
faculty in the near future for sug
gestions on techniques to use in a
relations betterment, program.
Cardinals Mel Butler and Skip Ir
ving were appointed chairmen of
Con Home Week, to be held May
5-10.
Cardinals last night appointed a
committee to investigate the possi
bility of using the Lathrop family
house on the hill overlooking Lake
Lagunita for student gatherings.
The Lathrop house is now unused.
Cardinals' committee will consider
factors such as renovation and
maintenance costs which stand in
the way of converting the building
into a center for meetings and so
cial aafTirs.
Cardinal . last night also began
work on its recently undertaken
project of improving Stanford stu
dent-faculty relations. The organi
zation plans to quiz students and
faculty in the near future for sug
gestions on techniques to use in a
relations betterment, program.
Cardinals Mel Butler and Skip Ir
ving were appointed chairmen of
Con Home Week, to be held May
5-10.
Cardinals last night appointed a
committee to investigate the possi
bility of using the Lathrop family
house on the hill overlooking Lake
Lagunita for student gatherings.
The Lathrop house is now unused.
Cardinals' committee will consider
factors such as renovation and
maintenance costs which stand in
the way of converting the building
into a center for meetings and so
cial aafTirs.
Cardinal . last night also began
work on its recently undertaken
project of improving Stanford stu
dent-faculty relations. The organi
zation plans to quiz students and
faculty in the near future for sug
gestions on techniques to use in a
relations betterment, program.
Cardinals Mel Butler and Skip Ir
ving were appointed chairmen of
Con Home Week, to be held May
5-10.
