# Farm Professor Gets College Post
## 
### 
J. Hugh Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, has
been elected a member of the Hoard
of Trustees of Golden (late College
in San Francisco, it w;ii announced
at a meeting of the board lar.t
Thursday.
Dr. Jackson, who is also professor
of accounting, has been prominent
in a number of national accounting
organizations and is the author of
many well-known text; in the ac
counting field.
J. Hugh Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, has
been elected a member of the Hoard
of Trustees of Golden (late College
in San Francisco, it w;ii announced
at a meeting of the board lar.t
Thursday.
Dr. Jackson, who is also professor
of accounting, has been prominent
in a number of national accounting
organizations and is the author of
many well-known text; in the ac
counting field.
J. Hugh Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, has
been elected a member of the Hoard
of Trustees of Golden (late College
in San Francisco, it w;ii announced
at a meeting of the board lar.t
Thursday.
Dr. Jackson, who is also professor
of accounting, has been prominent
in a number of national accounting
organizations and is the author of
many well-known text; in the ac
counting field.
J. Hugh Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, has
been elected a member of the Hoard
of Trustees of Golden (late College
in San Francisco, it w;ii announced
at a meeting of the board lar.t
Thursday.
Dr. Jackson, who is also professor
of accounting, has been prominent
in a number of national accounting
organizations and is the author of
many well-known text; in the ac
counting field.
J. Hugh Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, has
been elected a member of the Hoard
of Trustees of Golden (late College
in San Francisco, it w;ii announced
at a meeting of the board lar.t
Thursday.
Dr. Jackson, who is also professor
of accounting, has been prominent
in a number of national accounting
organizations and is the author of
many well-known text; in the ac
counting field.
J. Hugh Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, has
been elected a member of the Hoard
of Trustees of Golden (late College
in San Francisco, it w;ii announced
at a meeting of the board lar.t
Thursday.
Dr. Jackson, who is also professor
of accounting, has been prominent
in a number of national accounting
organizations and is the author of
many well-known text; in the ac
counting field.
J. Hugh Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, has
been elected a member of the Hoard
of Trustees of Golden (late College
in San Francisco, it w;ii announced
at a meeting of the board lar.t
Thursday.
Dr. Jackson, who is also professor
of accounting, has been prominent
in a number of national accounting
organizations and is the author of
many well-known text; in the ac
counting field.
J. Hugh Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, has
been elected a member of the Hoard
of Trustees of Golden (late College
in San Francisco, it w;ii announced
at a meeting of the board lar.t
Thursday.
Dr. Jackson, who is also professor
of accounting, has been prominent
in a number of national accounting
organizations and is the author of
many well-known text; in the ac
counting field.
J. Hugh Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, has
been elected a member of the Hoard
of Trustees of Golden (late College
in San Francisco, it w;ii announced
at a meeting of the board lar.t
Thursday.
Dr. Jackson, who is also professor
of accounting, has been prominent
in a number of national accounting
organizations and is the author of
many well-known text; in the ac
counting field.
J. Hugh Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, has
been elected a member of the Hoard
of Trustees of Golden (late College
in San Francisco, it w;ii announced
at a meeting of the board lar.t
Thursday.
Dr. Jackson, who is also professor
of accounting, has been prominent
in a number of national accounting
organizations and is the author of
many well-known text; in the ac
counting field.
J. Hugh Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, has
been elected a member of the Hoard
of Trustees of Golden (late College
in San Francisco, it w;ii announced
at a meeting of the board lar.t
Thursday.
Dr. Jackson, who is also professor
of accounting, has been prominent
in a number of national accounting
organizations and is the author of
many well-known text; in the ac
counting field.
J. Hugh Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, has
been elected a member of the Hoard
of Trustees of Golden (late College
in San Francisco, it w;ii announced
at a meeting of the board lar.t
Thursday.
Dr. Jackson, who is also professor
of accounting, has been prominent
in a number of national accounting
organizations and is the author of
many well-known text; in the ac
counting field.
J. Hugh Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, has
been elected a member of the Hoard
of Trustees of Golden (late College
in San Francisco, it w;ii announced
at a meeting of the board lar.t
Thursday.
Dr. Jackson, who is also professor
of accounting, has been prominent
in a number of national accounting
organizations and is the author of
many well-known text; in the ac
counting field.
J. Hugh Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, has
been elected a member of the Hoard
of Trustees of Golden (late College
in San Francisco, it w;ii announced
at a meeting of the board lar.t
Thursday.
Dr. Jackson, who is also professor
of accounting, has been prominent
in a number of national accounting
organizations and is the author of
many well-known text; in the ac
counting field.
J. Hugh Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, has
been elected a member of the Hoard
of Trustees of Golden (late College
in San Francisco, it w;ii announced
at a meeting of the board lar.t
Thursday.
Dr. Jackson, who is also professor
of accounting, has been prominent
in a number of national accounting
organizations and is the author of
many well-known text; in the ac
counting field.
J. Hugh Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, has
been elected a member of the Hoard
of Trustees of Golden (late College
in San Francisco, it w;ii announced
at a meeting of the board lar.t
Thursday.
Dr. Jackson, who is also professor
of accounting, has been prominent
in a number of national accounting
organizations and is the author of
many well-known text; in the ac
counting field.
