# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It's got
to be Tiger Woods,
who won the Pac-10
championship.
Sports, page 7

cachet up
Music writer Mike Noren
caught up with Raincoats
singer Ana da Silva.
Intermission

the ying-yang!
Like a ying to his yang, Josh
Gohlke has a column-writing
alter ego.
Opinions, page 5

It's got
to be Tiger Woods,
who won the Pac-10
championship.
Sports, page 7

cachet up
Music writer Mike Noren
caught up with Raincoats
singer Ana da Silva.
Intermission

the ying-yang!
Like a ying to his yang, Josh
Gohlke has a column-writing
alter ego.
Opinions, page 5

It's got
to be Tiger Woods,
who won the Pac-10
championship.
Sports, page 7

cachet up
Music writer Mike Noren
caught up with Raincoats
singer Ana da Silva.
Intermission

the ying-yang!
Like a ying to his yang, Josh
Gohlke has a column-writing
alter ego.
Opinions, page 5

It's got
to be Tiger Woods,
who won the Pac-10
championship.
Sports, page 7

cachet up
Music writer Mike Noren
caught up with Raincoats
singer Ana da Silva.
Intermission

the ying-yang!
Like a ying to his yang, Josh
Gohlke has a column-writing
alter ego.
Opinions, page 5

It's got
to be Tiger Woods,
who won the Pac-10
championship.
Sports, page 7

cachet up
Music writer Mike Noren
caught up with Raincoats
singer Ana da Silva.
Intermission

the ying-yang!
Like a ying to his yang, Josh
Gohlke has a column-writing
alter ego.
Opinions, page 5

