# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
ROMONT
TURF COATS
of
SHAGGY KENWOOD
FABRIC
in gay football colors
You know what happens
when the sun gets below
the western rim of the
Stadium ... be prepared
with a cozy Kenwood Turf
Coat.
$25 to $32.50
\yals-fcer&
Masonic Temple Bldg.
ROMONT
TURF COATS
of
SHAGGY KENWOOD
FABRIC
in gay football colors
You know what happens
when the sun gets below
the western rim of the
Stadium ... be prepared
with a cozy Kenwood Turf
Coat.
$25 to $32.50
\yals-fcer&
Masonic Temple Bldg.
ROMONT
TURF COATS
of
SHAGGY KENWOOD
FABRIC
in gay football colors
You know what happens
when the sun gets below
the western rim of the
Stadium ... be prepared
with a cozy Kenwood Turf
Coat.
$25 to $32.50
\yals-fcer&
Masonic Temple Bldg.
ROMONT
TURF COATS
of
SHAGGY KENWOOD
FABRIC
in gay football colors
You know what happens
when the sun gets below
the western rim of the
Stadium ... be prepared
with a cozy Kenwood Turf
Coat.
$25 to $32.50
\yals-fcer&
Masonic Temple Bldg.
ROMONT
TURF COATS
of
SHAGGY KENWOOD
FABRIC
in gay football colors
You know what happens
when the sun gets below
the western rim of the
Stadium ... be prepared
with a cozy Kenwood Turf
Coat.
$25 to $32.50
\yals-fcer&
Masonic Temple Bldg.
ROMONT
TURF COATS
of
SHAGGY KENWOOD
FABRIC
in gay football colors
You know what happens
when the sun gets below
the western rim of the
Stadium ... be prepared
with a cozy Kenwood Turf
Coat.
$25 to $32.50
\yals-fcer&
Masonic Temple Bldg.
ROMONT
TURF COATS
of
SHAGGY KENWOOD
FABRIC
in gay football colors
You know what happens
when the sun gets below
the western rim of the
Stadium ... be prepared
with a cozy Kenwood Turf
Coat.
$25 to $32.50
\yals-fcer&
Masonic Temple Bldg.
ROMONT
TURF COATS
of
SHAGGY KENWOOD
FABRIC
in gay football colors
You know what happens
when the sun gets below
the western rim of the
Stadium ... be prepared
with a cozy Kenwood Turf
Coat.
$25 to $32.50
\yals-fcer&
Masonic Temple Bldg.
ROMONT
TURF COATS
of
SHAGGY KENWOOD
FABRIC
in gay football colors
You know what happens
when the sun gets below
the western rim of the
Stadium ... be prepared
with a cozy Kenwood Turf
Coat.
$25 to $32.50
\yals-fcer&
Masonic Temple Bldg.
ROMONT
TURF COATS
of
SHAGGY KENWOOD
FABRIC
in gay football colors
You know what happens
when the sun gets below
the western rim of the
Stadium ... be prepared
with a cozy Kenwood Turf
Coat.
$25 to $32.50
\yals-fcer&
Masonic Temple Bldg.
ROMONT
TURF COATS
of
SHAGGY KENWOOD
FABRIC
in gay football colors
You know what happens
when the sun gets below
the western rim of the
Stadium ... be prepared
with a cozy Kenwood Turf
Coat.
$25 to $32.50
\yals-fcer&
Masonic Temple Bldg.
ROMONT
TURF COATS
of
SHAGGY KENWOOD
FABRIC
in gay football colors
You know what happens
when the sun gets below
the western rim of the
Stadium ... be prepared
with a cozy Kenwood Turf
Coat.
$25 to $32.50
\yals-fcer&
Masonic Temple Bldg.
ROMONT
TURF COATS
of
SHAGGY KENWOOD
FABRIC
in gay football colors
You know what happens
when the sun gets below
the western rim of the
Stadium ... be prepared
with a cozy Kenwood Turf
Coat.
$25 to $32.50
\yals-fcer&
Masonic Temple Bldg.
ROMONT
TURF COATS
of
SHAGGY KENWOOD
FABRIC
in gay football colors
You know what happens
when the sun gets below
the western rim of the
Stadium ... be prepared
with a cozy Kenwood Turf
Coat.
$25 to $32.50
\yals-fcer&
Masonic Temple Bldg.
ROMONT
TURF COATS
of
SHAGGY KENWOOD
FABRIC
in gay football colors
You know what happens
when the sun gets below
the western rim of the
Stadium ... be prepared
with a cozy Kenwood Turf
Coat.
$25 to $32.50
\yals-fcer&
Masonic Temple Bldg.
ROMONT
TURF COATS
of
SHAGGY KENWOOD
FABRIC
in gay football colors
You know what happens
when the sun gets below
the western rim of the
Stadium ... be prepared
with a cozy Kenwood Turf
Coat.
$25 to $32.50
\yals-fcer&
Masonic Temple Bldg.
