# â€˜Mr. Deeds' Goes To Town Sunday
## 
### 
"Mr. Deeds Goes to Town"
Sunday night, but the local red
skins won't have to leave their
stomping ground to see him
truck on down. Frank Capra's
masterpiece will be the second
moviepic to show in Memorial
Hall.
Prices stack up 15 cents this
time against 20 cents two
weeks ago. Seven o'clock is the
hour of the curtain raising,
with the box office open around
6:30 o'clock if the movie com
mittee can shuck off their
Sunday night suppers in time.
Second big feature on the
evening's program is a sports
short, "Ski-ing Is Believing."
If the box office returns are big
enough tonight, then the price
can be lowered, so that more
people can come, so that the
prices can be lowered, and so
on.
"Mr. Deeds Goes to Town"
Sunday night, but the local red
skins won't have to leave their
stomping ground to see him
truck on down. Frank Capra's
masterpiece will be the second
moviepic to show in Memorial
Hall.
Prices stack up 15 cents this
time against 20 cents two
weeks ago. Seven o'clock is the
hour of the curtain raising,
with the box office open around
6:30 o'clock if the movie com
mittee can shuck off their
Sunday night suppers in time.
Second big feature on the
evening's program is a sports
short, "Ski-ing Is Believing."
If the box office returns are big
enough tonight, then the price
can be lowered, so that more
people can come, so that the
prices can be lowered, and so
on.
"Mr. Deeds Goes to Town"
Sunday night, but the local red
skins won't have to leave their
stomping ground to see him
truck on down. Frank Capra's
masterpiece will be the second
moviepic to show in Memorial
Hall.
Prices stack up 15 cents this
time against 20 cents two
weeks ago. Seven o'clock is the
hour of the curtain raising,
with the box office open around
6:30 o'clock if the movie com
mittee can shuck off their
Sunday night suppers in time.
Second big feature on the
evening's program is a sports
short, "Ski-ing Is Believing."
If the box office returns are big
enough tonight, then the price
can be lowered, so that more
people can come, so that the
prices can be lowered, and so
on.
"Mr. Deeds Goes to Town"
Sunday night, but the local red
skins won't have to leave their
stomping ground to see him
truck on down. Frank Capra's
masterpiece will be the second
moviepic to show in Memorial
Hall.
Prices stack up 15 cents this
time against 20 cents two
weeks ago. Seven o'clock is the
hour of the curtain raising,
with the box office open around
6:30 o'clock if the movie com
mittee can shuck off their
Sunday night suppers in time.
Second big feature on the
evening's program is a sports
short, "Ski-ing Is Believing."
If the box office returns are big
enough tonight, then the price
can be lowered, so that more
people can come, so that the
prices can be lowered, and so
on.
"Mr. Deeds Goes to Town"
Sunday night, but the local red
skins won't have to leave their
stomping ground to see him
truck on down. Frank Capra's
masterpiece will be the second
moviepic to show in Memorial
Hall.
Prices stack up 15 cents this
time against 20 cents two
weeks ago. Seven o'clock is the
hour of the curtain raising,
with the box office open around
6:30 o'clock if the movie com
mittee can shuck off their
Sunday night suppers in time.
Second big feature on the
evening's program is a sports
short, "Ski-ing Is Believing."
If the box office returns are big
enough tonight, then the price
can be lowered, so that more
people can come, so that the
prices can be lowered, and so
on.
"Mr. Deeds Goes to Town"
Sunday night, but the local red
skins won't have to leave their
stomping ground to see him
truck on down. Frank Capra's
masterpiece will be the second
moviepic to show in Memorial
Hall.
Prices stack up 15 cents this
time against 20 cents two
weeks ago. Seven o'clock is the
hour of the curtain raising,
with the box office open around
6:30 o'clock if the movie com
mittee can shuck off their
Sunday night suppers in time.
Second big feature on the
evening's program is a sports
short, "Ski-ing Is Believing."
If the box office returns are big
enough tonight, then the price
can be lowered, so that more
people can come, so that the
prices can be lowered, and so
on.
"Mr. Deeds Goes to Town"
Sunday night, but the local red
skins won't have to leave their
stomping ground to see him
truck on down. Frank Capra's
masterpiece will be the second
moviepic to show in Memorial
Hall.
Prices stack up 15 cents this
time against 20 cents two
weeks ago. Seven o'clock is the
hour of the curtain raising,
with the box office open around
6:30 o'clock if the movie com
mittee can shuck off their
Sunday night suppers in time.
Second big feature on the
evening's program is a sports
short, "Ski-ing Is Believing."
If the box office returns are big
enough tonight, then the price
can be lowered, so that more
people can come, so that the
prices can be lowered, and so
on.
"Mr. Deeds Goes to Town"
Sunday night, but the local red
skins won't have to leave their
stomping ground to see him
truck on down. Frank Capra's
masterpiece will be the second
moviepic to show in Memorial
Hall.
Prices stack up 15 cents this
time against 20 cents two
weeks ago. Seven o'clock is the
hour of the curtain raising,
with the box office open around
6:30 o'clock if the movie com
mittee can shuck off their
Sunday night suppers in time.
Second big feature on the
evening's program is a sports
short, "Ski-ing Is Believing."
If the box office returns are big
enough tonight, then the price
can be lowered, so that more
people can come, so that the
prices can be lowered, and so
on.
"Mr. Deeds Goes to Town"
Sunday night, but the local red
skins won't have to leave their
stomping ground to see him
truck on down. Frank Capra's
masterpiece will be the second
moviepic to show in Memorial
Hall.
Prices stack up 15 cents this
time against 20 cents two
weeks ago. Seven o'clock is the
hour of the curtain raising,
with the box office open around
6:30 o'clock if the movie com
mittee can shuck off their
Sunday night suppers in time.
Second big feature on the
evening's program is a sports
short, "Ski-ing Is Believing."
If the box office returns are big
enough tonight, then the price
can be lowered, so that more
people can come, so that the
prices can be lowered, and so
on.
"Mr. Deeds Goes to Town"
Sunday night, but the local red
skins won't have to leave their
stomping ground to see him
truck on down. Frank Capra's
masterpiece will be the second
moviepic to show in Memorial
Hall.
Prices stack up 15 cents this
time against 20 cents two
weeks ago. Seven o'clock is the
hour of the curtain raising,
with the box office open around
6:30 o'clock if the movie com
mittee can shuck off their
Sunday night suppers in time.
Second big feature on the
evening's program is a sports
short, "Ski-ing Is Believing."
If the box office returns are big
enough tonight, then the price
can be lowered, so that more
people can come, so that the
prices can be lowered, and so
on.
"Mr. Deeds Goes to Town"
Sunday night, but the local red
skins won't have to leave their
stomping ground to see him
truck on down. Frank Capra's
masterpiece will be the second
moviepic to show in Memorial
Hall.
Prices stack up 15 cents this
time against 20 cents two
weeks ago. Seven o'clock is the
hour of the curtain raising,
with the box office open around
6:30 o'clock if the movie com
mittee can shuck off their
Sunday night suppers in time.
Second big feature on the
evening's program is a sports
short, "Ski-ing Is Believing."
If the box office returns are big
enough tonight, then the price
can be lowered, so that more
people can come, so that the
prices can be lowered, and so
on.
"Mr. Deeds Goes to Town"
Sunday night, but the local red
skins won't have to leave their
stomping ground to see him
truck on down. Frank Capra's
masterpiece will be the second
moviepic to show in Memorial
Hall.
Prices stack up 15 cents this
time against 20 cents two
weeks ago. Seven o'clock is the
hour of the curtain raising,
with the box office open around
6:30 o'clock if the movie com
mittee can shuck off their
Sunday night suppers in time.
Second big feature on the
evening's program is a sports
short, "Ski-ing Is Believing."
If the box office returns are big
enough tonight, then the price
can be lowered, so that more
people can come, so that the
prices can be lowered, and so
on.
"Mr. Deeds Goes to Town"
Sunday night, but the local red
skins won't have to leave their
stomping ground to see him
truck on down. Frank Capra's
masterpiece will be the second
moviepic to show in Memorial
Hall.
Prices stack up 15 cents this
time against 20 cents two
weeks ago. Seven o'clock is the
hour of the curtain raising,
with the box office open around
6:30 o'clock if the movie com
mittee can shuck off their
Sunday night suppers in time.
Second big feature on the
evening's program is a sports
short, "Ski-ing Is Believing."
If the box office returns are big
enough tonight, then the price
can be lowered, so that more
people can come, so that the
prices can be lowered, and so
on.
"Mr. Deeds Goes to Town"
Sunday night, but the local red
skins won't have to leave their
stomping ground to see him
truck on down. Frank Capra's
masterpiece will be the second
moviepic to show in Memorial
Hall.
Prices stack up 15 cents this
time against 20 cents two
weeks ago. Seven o'clock is the
hour of the curtain raising,
with the box office open around
6:30 o'clock if the movie com
mittee can shuck off their
Sunday night suppers in time.
Second big feature on the
evening's program is a sports
short, "Ski-ing Is Believing."
If the box office returns are big
enough tonight, then the price
can be lowered, so that more
people can come, so that the
prices can be lowered, and so
on.
"Mr. Deeds Goes to Town"
Sunday night, but the local red
skins won't have to leave their
stomping ground to see him
truck on down. Frank Capra's
masterpiece will be the second
moviepic to show in Memorial
Hall.
Prices stack up 15 cents this
time against 20 cents two
weeks ago. Seven o'clock is the
hour of the curtain raising,
with the box office open around
6:30 o'clock if the movie com
mittee can shuck off their
Sunday night suppers in time.
Second big feature on the
evening's program is a sports
short, "Ski-ing Is Believing."
If the box office returns are big
enough tonight, then the price
can be lowered, so that more
people can come, so that the
prices can be lowered, and so
on.
"Mr. Deeds Goes to Town"
Sunday night, but the local red
skins won't have to leave their
stomping ground to see him
truck on down. Frank Capra's
masterpiece will be the second
moviepic to show in Memorial
Hall.
Prices stack up 15 cents this
time against 20 cents two
weeks ago. Seven o'clock is the
hour of the curtain raising,
with the box office open around
6:30 o'clock if the movie com
mittee can shuck off their
Sunday night suppers in time.
Second big feature on the
evening's program is a sports
short, "Ski-ing Is Believing."
If the box office returns are big
enough tonight, then the price
can be lowered, so that more
people can come, so that the
prices can be lowered, and so
on.
