# TICKET SCALPING
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Nov. 10 (UP). -
Speculators were reaping a rich
harvest from football fans seeking
tickets for Saturday's annual Army-
Notre Dame classic in Yankee Sta
dium. Prices already had been
tripled and further increases ap
peared certain.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10 (UP). -
Speculators were reaping a rich
harvest from football fans seeking
tickets for Saturday's annual Army-
Notre Dame classic in Yankee Sta
dium. Prices already had been
tripled and further increases ap
peared certain.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10 (UP). -
Speculators were reaping a rich
harvest from football fans seeking
tickets for Saturday's annual Army-
Notre Dame classic in Yankee Sta
dium. Prices already had been
tripled and further increases ap
peared certain.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10 (UP). -
Speculators were reaping a rich
harvest from football fans seeking
tickets for Saturday's annual Army-
Notre Dame classic in Yankee Sta
dium. Prices already had been
tripled and further increases ap
peared certain.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10 (UP). -
Speculators were reaping a rich
harvest from football fans seeking
tickets for Saturday's annual Army-
Notre Dame classic in Yankee Sta
dium. Prices already had been
tripled and further increases ap
peared certain.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10 (UP). -
Speculators were reaping a rich
harvest from football fans seeking
tickets for Saturday's annual Army-
Notre Dame classic in Yankee Sta
dium. Prices already had been
tripled and further increases ap
peared certain.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10 (UP). -
Speculators were reaping a rich
harvest from football fans seeking
tickets for Saturday's annual Army-
Notre Dame classic in Yankee Sta
dium. Prices already had been
tripled and further increases ap
peared certain.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10 (UP). -
Speculators were reaping a rich
harvest from football fans seeking
tickets for Saturday's annual Army-
Notre Dame classic in Yankee Sta
dium. Prices already had been
tripled and further increases ap
peared certain.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10 (UP). -
Speculators were reaping a rich
harvest from football fans seeking
tickets for Saturday's annual Army-
Notre Dame classic in Yankee Sta
dium. Prices already had been
tripled and further increases ap
peared certain.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10 (UP). -
Speculators were reaping a rich
harvest from football fans seeking
tickets for Saturday's annual Army-
Notre Dame classic in Yankee Sta
dium. Prices already had been
tripled and further increases ap
peared certain.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10 (UP). -
Speculators were reaping a rich
harvest from football fans seeking
tickets for Saturday's annual Army-
Notre Dame classic in Yankee Sta
dium. Prices already had been
tripled and further increases ap
peared certain.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10 (UP). -
Speculators were reaping a rich
harvest from football fans seeking
tickets for Saturday's annual Army-
Notre Dame classic in Yankee Sta
dium. Prices already had been
tripled and further increases ap
peared certain.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10 (UP). -
Speculators were reaping a rich
harvest from football fans seeking
tickets for Saturday's annual Army-
Notre Dame classic in Yankee Sta
dium. Prices already had been
tripled and further increases ap
peared certain.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10 (UP). -
Speculators were reaping a rich
harvest from football fans seeking
tickets for Saturday's annual Army-
Notre Dame classic in Yankee Sta
dium. Prices already had been
tripled and further increases ap
peared certain.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10 (UP). -
Speculators were reaping a rich
harvest from football fans seeking
tickets for Saturday's annual Army-
Notre Dame classic in Yankee Sta
dium. Prices already had been
tripled and further increases ap
peared certain.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10 (UP). -
Speculators were reaping a rich
harvest from football fans seeking
tickets for Saturday's annual Army-
Notre Dame classic in Yankee Sta
dium. Prices already had been
tripled and further increases ap
peared certain.
