# Organist To Give Fifth Fall Recital
## 
### 
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present the fifth organ
recital of the fall season today at
4:15 o'clock in the Memorial Church.
It will be presented again on Sun
day at 4 o'clock.
His program, which will be ap
propriate to Armistice Day, con
sists of Fantasia in D minor, J. M.
Beobide; Recit de tierce en taille,
Nicolas de Grigny; Sea Surge, Jul
ian Nesbitt; Fantasia on the Choral,
Paternoster, Hermann Grabner;
Rich and Poor, Moussorgsky; Prayer
for Peace, Paul Held.

Dried sea horses are a common
article of commerce in San Fran
cisco's Chinatown.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present the fifth organ
recital of the fall season today at
4:15 o'clock in the Memorial Church.
It will be presented again on Sun
day at 4 o'clock.
His program, which will be ap
propriate to Armistice Day, con
sists of Fantasia in D minor, J. M.
Beobide; Recit de tierce en taille,
Nicolas de Grigny; Sea Surge, Jul
ian Nesbitt; Fantasia on the Choral,
Paternoster, Hermann Grabner;
Rich and Poor, Moussorgsky; Prayer
for Peace, Paul Held.

Dried sea horses are a common
article of commerce in San Fran
cisco's Chinatown.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present the fifth organ
recital of the fall season today at
4:15 o'clock in the Memorial Church.
It will be presented again on Sun
day at 4 o'clock.
His program, which will be ap
propriate to Armistice Day, con
sists of Fantasia in D minor, J. M.
Beobide; Recit de tierce en taille,
Nicolas de Grigny; Sea Surge, Jul
ian Nesbitt; Fantasia on the Choral,
Paternoster, Hermann Grabner;
Rich and Poor, Moussorgsky; Prayer
for Peace, Paul Held.

Dried sea horses are a common
article of commerce in San Fran
cisco's Chinatown.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present the fifth organ
recital of the fall season today at
4:15 o'clock in the Memorial Church.
It will be presented again on Sun
day at 4 o'clock.
His program, which will be ap
propriate to Armistice Day, con
sists of Fantasia in D minor, J. M.
Beobide; Recit de tierce en taille,
Nicolas de Grigny; Sea Surge, Jul
ian Nesbitt; Fantasia on the Choral,
Paternoster, Hermann Grabner;
Rich and Poor, Moussorgsky; Prayer
for Peace, Paul Held.

Dried sea horses are a common
article of commerce in San Fran
cisco's Chinatown.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present the fifth organ
recital of the fall season today at
4:15 o'clock in the Memorial Church.
It will be presented again on Sun
day at 4 o'clock.
His program, which will be ap
propriate to Armistice Day, con
sists of Fantasia in D minor, J. M.
Beobide; Recit de tierce en taille,
Nicolas de Grigny; Sea Surge, Jul
ian Nesbitt; Fantasia on the Choral,
Paternoster, Hermann Grabner;
Rich and Poor, Moussorgsky; Prayer
for Peace, Paul Held.

Dried sea horses are a common
article of commerce in San Fran
cisco's Chinatown.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present the fifth organ
recital of the fall season today at
4:15 o'clock in the Memorial Church.
It will be presented again on Sun
day at 4 o'clock.
His program, which will be ap
propriate to Armistice Day, con
sists of Fantasia in D minor, J. M.
Beobide; Recit de tierce en taille,
Nicolas de Grigny; Sea Surge, Jul
ian Nesbitt; Fantasia on the Choral,
Paternoster, Hermann Grabner;
Rich and Poor, Moussorgsky; Prayer
for Peace, Paul Held.

Dried sea horses are a common
article of commerce in San Fran
cisco's Chinatown.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present the fifth organ
recital of the fall season today at
4:15 o'clock in the Memorial Church.
It will be presented again on Sun
day at 4 o'clock.
His program, which will be ap
propriate to Armistice Day, con
sists of Fantasia in D minor, J. M.
Beobide; Recit de tierce en taille,
Nicolas de Grigny; Sea Surge, Jul
ian Nesbitt; Fantasia on the Choral,
Paternoster, Hermann Grabner;
Rich and Poor, Moussorgsky; Prayer
for Peace, Paul Held.

Dried sea horses are a common
article of commerce in San Fran
cisco's Chinatown.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present the fifth organ
recital of the fall season today at
4:15 o'clock in the Memorial Church.
It will be presented again on Sun
day at 4 o'clock.
His program, which will be ap
propriate to Armistice Day, con
sists of Fantasia in D minor, J. M.
Beobide; Recit de tierce en taille,
Nicolas de Grigny; Sea Surge, Jul
ian Nesbitt; Fantasia on the Choral,
Paternoster, Hermann Grabner;
Rich and Poor, Moussorgsky; Prayer
for Peace, Paul Held.

Dried sea horses are a common
article of commerce in San Fran
cisco's Chinatown.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present the fifth organ
recital of the fall season today at
4:15 o'clock in the Memorial Church.
It will be presented again on Sun
day at 4 o'clock.
His program, which will be ap
propriate to Armistice Day, con
sists of Fantasia in D minor, J. M.
Beobide; Recit de tierce en taille,
Nicolas de Grigny; Sea Surge, Jul
ian Nesbitt; Fantasia on the Choral,
Paternoster, Hermann Grabner;
Rich and Poor, Moussorgsky; Prayer
for Peace, Paul Held.

Dried sea horses are a common
article of commerce in San Fran
cisco's Chinatown.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present the fifth organ
recital of the fall season today at
4:15 o'clock in the Memorial Church.
It will be presented again on Sun
day at 4 o'clock.
His program, which will be ap
propriate to Armistice Day, con
sists of Fantasia in D minor, J. M.
Beobide; Recit de tierce en taille,
Nicolas de Grigny; Sea Surge, Jul
ian Nesbitt; Fantasia on the Choral,
Paternoster, Hermann Grabner;
Rich and Poor, Moussorgsky; Prayer
for Peace, Paul Held.

Dried sea horses are a common
article of commerce in San Fran
cisco's Chinatown.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present the fifth organ
recital of the fall season today at
4:15 o'clock in the Memorial Church.
It will be presented again on Sun
day at 4 o'clock.
His program, which will be ap
propriate to Armistice Day, con
sists of Fantasia in D minor, J. M.
Beobide; Recit de tierce en taille,
Nicolas de Grigny; Sea Surge, Jul
ian Nesbitt; Fantasia on the Choral,
Paternoster, Hermann Grabner;
Rich and Poor, Moussorgsky; Prayer
for Peace, Paul Held.

Dried sea horses are a common
article of commerce in San Fran
cisco's Chinatown.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present the fifth organ
recital of the fall season today at
4:15 o'clock in the Memorial Church.
It will be presented again on Sun
day at 4 o'clock.
His program, which will be ap
propriate to Armistice Day, con
sists of Fantasia in D minor, J. M.
Beobide; Recit de tierce en taille,
Nicolas de Grigny; Sea Surge, Jul
ian Nesbitt; Fantasia on the Choral,
Paternoster, Hermann Grabner;
Rich and Poor, Moussorgsky; Prayer
for Peace, Paul Held.

Dried sea horses are a common
article of commerce in San Fran
cisco's Chinatown.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present the fifth organ
recital of the fall season today at
4:15 o'clock in the Memorial Church.
It will be presented again on Sun
day at 4 o'clock.
His program, which will be ap
propriate to Armistice Day, con
sists of Fantasia in D minor, J. M.
Beobide; Recit de tierce en taille,
Nicolas de Grigny; Sea Surge, Jul
ian Nesbitt; Fantasia on the Choral,
Paternoster, Hermann Grabner;
Rich and Poor, Moussorgsky; Prayer
for Peace, Paul Held.

Dried sea horses are a common
article of commerce in San Fran
cisco's Chinatown.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present the fifth organ
recital of the fall season today at
4:15 o'clock in the Memorial Church.
It will be presented again on Sun
day at 4 o'clock.
His program, which will be ap
propriate to Armistice Day, con
sists of Fantasia in D minor, J. M.
Beobide; Recit de tierce en taille,
Nicolas de Grigny; Sea Surge, Jul
ian Nesbitt; Fantasia on the Choral,
Paternoster, Hermann Grabner;
Rich and Poor, Moussorgsky; Prayer
for Peace, Paul Held.

Dried sea horses are a common
article of commerce in San Fran
cisco's Chinatown.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present the fifth organ
recital of the fall season today at
4:15 o'clock in the Memorial Church.
It will be presented again on Sun
day at 4 o'clock.
His program, which will be ap
propriate to Armistice Day, con
sists of Fantasia in D minor, J. M.
Beobide; Recit de tierce en taille,
Nicolas de Grigny; Sea Surge, Jul
ian Nesbitt; Fantasia on the Choral,
Paternoster, Hermann Grabner;
Rich and Poor, Moussorgsky; Prayer
for Peace, Paul Held.

Dried sea horses are a common
article of commerce in San Fran
cisco's Chinatown.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present the fifth organ
recital of the fall season today at
4:15 o'clock in the Memorial Church.
It will be presented again on Sun
day at 4 o'clock.
His program, which will be ap
propriate to Armistice Day, con
sists of Fantasia in D minor, J. M.
Beobide; Recit de tierce en taille,
Nicolas de Grigny; Sea Surge, Jul
ian Nesbitt; Fantasia on the Choral,
Paternoster, Hermann Grabner;
Rich and Poor, Moussorgsky; Prayer
for Peace, Paul Held.

Dried sea horses are a common
article of commerce in San Fran
cisco's Chinatown.
