# Frosh Nine Posts Fifth Victory. 4-3
## 
### 
Stanford's frosh baseballers had
to eome from behind Saturday
morning to preserve their unde
feated reeord as they posted iheir
fifth victory of the season over
Roosevelt High School of Fresno,
1-3. The Papooses trailed, 3-2, go
ing into the bottom of Ihe eighth.
Roosevelt . 000 030 000—3 10 2
Freshmen . 020 000 02x —1 X 1
Stanford's frosh baseballers had
to eome from behind Saturday
morning to preserve their unde
feated reeord as they posted iheir
fifth victory of the season over
Roosevelt High School of Fresno,
1-3. The Papooses trailed, 3-2, go
ing into the bottom of Ihe eighth.
Roosevelt . 000 030 000—3 10 2
Freshmen . 020 000 02x —1 X 1
Stanford's frosh baseballers had
to eome from behind Saturday
morning to preserve their unde
feated reeord as they posted iheir
fifth victory of the season over
Roosevelt High School of Fresno,
1-3. The Papooses trailed, 3-2, go
ing into the bottom of Ihe eighth.
Roosevelt . 000 030 000—3 10 2
Freshmen . 020 000 02x —1 X 1
Stanford's frosh baseballers had
to eome from behind Saturday
morning to preserve their unde
feated reeord as they posted iheir
fifth victory of the season over
Roosevelt High School of Fresno,
1-3. The Papooses trailed, 3-2, go
ing into the bottom of Ihe eighth.
Roosevelt . 000 030 000—3 10 2
Freshmen . 020 000 02x —1 X 1
Stanford's frosh baseballers had
to eome from behind Saturday
morning to preserve their unde
feated reeord as they posted iheir
fifth victory of the season over
Roosevelt High School of Fresno,
1-3. The Papooses trailed, 3-2, go
ing into the bottom of Ihe eighth.
Roosevelt . 000 030 000—3 10 2
Freshmen . 020 000 02x —1 X 1
Stanford's frosh baseballers had
to eome from behind Saturday
morning to preserve their unde
feated reeord as they posted iheir
fifth victory of the season over
Roosevelt High School of Fresno,
1-3. The Papooses trailed, 3-2, go
ing into the bottom of Ihe eighth.
Roosevelt . 000 030 000—3 10 2
Freshmen . 020 000 02x —1 X 1
Stanford's frosh baseballers had
to eome from behind Saturday
morning to preserve their unde
feated reeord as they posted iheir
fifth victory of the season over
Roosevelt High School of Fresno,
1-3. The Papooses trailed, 3-2, go
ing into the bottom of Ihe eighth.
Roosevelt . 000 030 000—3 10 2
Freshmen . 020 000 02x —1 X 1
Stanford's frosh baseballers had
to eome from behind Saturday
morning to preserve their unde
feated reeord as they posted iheir
fifth victory of the season over
Roosevelt High School of Fresno,
1-3. The Papooses trailed, 3-2, go
ing into the bottom of Ihe eighth.
Roosevelt . 000 030 000—3 10 2
Freshmen . 020 000 02x —1 X 1
Stanford's frosh baseballers had
to eome from behind Saturday
morning to preserve their unde
feated reeord as they posted iheir
fifth victory of the season over
Roosevelt High School of Fresno,
1-3. The Papooses trailed, 3-2, go
ing into the bottom of Ihe eighth.
Roosevelt . 000 030 000—3 10 2
Freshmen . 020 000 02x —1 X 1
Stanford's frosh baseballers had
to eome from behind Saturday
morning to preserve their unde
feated reeord as they posted iheir
fifth victory of the season over
Roosevelt High School of Fresno,
1-3. The Papooses trailed, 3-2, go
ing into the bottom of Ihe eighth.
Roosevelt . 000 030 000—3 10 2
Freshmen . 020 000 02x —1 X 1
Stanford's frosh baseballers had
to eome from behind Saturday
morning to preserve their unde
feated reeord as they posted iheir
fifth victory of the season over
Roosevelt High School of Fresno,
1-3. The Papooses trailed, 3-2, go
ing into the bottom of Ihe eighth.
Roosevelt . 000 030 000—3 10 2
Freshmen . 020 000 02x —1 X 1
Stanford's frosh baseballers had
to eome from behind Saturday
morning to preserve their unde
feated reeord as they posted iheir
fifth victory of the season over
Roosevelt High School of Fresno,
1-3. The Papooses trailed, 3-2, go
ing into the bottom of Ihe eighth.
Roosevelt . 000 030 000—3 10 2
Freshmen . 020 000 02x —1 X 1
Stanford's frosh baseballers had
to eome from behind Saturday
morning to preserve their unde
feated reeord as they posted iheir
fifth victory of the season over
Roosevelt High School of Fresno,
1-3. The Papooses trailed, 3-2, go
ing into the bottom of Ihe eighth.
Roosevelt . 000 030 000—3 10 2
Freshmen . 020 000 02x —1 X 1
Stanford's frosh baseballers had
to eome from behind Saturday
morning to preserve their unde
feated reeord as they posted iheir
fifth victory of the season over
Roosevelt High School of Fresno,
1-3. The Papooses trailed, 3-2, go
ing into the bottom of Ihe eighth.
Roosevelt . 000 030 000—3 10 2
Freshmen . 020 000 02x —1 X 1
Stanford's frosh baseballers had
to eome from behind Saturday
morning to preserve their unde
feated reeord as they posted iheir
fifth victory of the season over
Roosevelt High School of Fresno,
1-3. The Papooses trailed, 3-2, go
ing into the bottom of Ihe eighth.
Roosevelt . 000 030 000—3 10 2
Freshmen . 020 000 02x —1 X 1
Stanford's frosh baseballers had
to eome from behind Saturday
morning to preserve their unde
feated reeord as they posted iheir
fifth victory of the season over
Roosevelt High School of Fresno,
1-3. The Papooses trailed, 3-2, go
ing into the bottom of Ihe eighth.
Roosevelt . 000 030 000—3 10 2
Freshmen . 020 000 02x —1 X 1
