# GUTHRIE
## 
### 
Guthrie officers: Carolyn Go
forth, president; Dixie Smalley,
vice-president; Carol Lange, sec
retary; Susie Williams, treasur
er; Ann Hagey, social chairman;
Judy Avery, Committee of Eight.
Guthrie officers: Carolyn Go
forth, president; Dixie Smalley,
vice-president; Carol Lange, sec
retary; Susie Williams, treasur
er; Ann Hagey, social chairman;
Judy Avery, Committee of Eight.
Guthrie officers: Carolyn Go
forth, president; Dixie Smalley,
vice-president; Carol Lange, sec
retary; Susie Williams, treasur
er; Ann Hagey, social chairman;
Judy Avery, Committee of Eight.
Guthrie officers: Carolyn Go
forth, president; Dixie Smalley,
vice-president; Carol Lange, sec
retary; Susie Williams, treasur
er; Ann Hagey, social chairman;
Judy Avery, Committee of Eight.
Guthrie officers: Carolyn Go
forth, president; Dixie Smalley,
vice-president; Carol Lange, sec
retary; Susie Williams, treasur
er; Ann Hagey, social chairman;
Judy Avery, Committee of Eight.
Guthrie officers: Carolyn Go
forth, president; Dixie Smalley,
vice-president; Carol Lange, sec
retary; Susie Williams, treasur
er; Ann Hagey, social chairman;
Judy Avery, Committee of Eight.
Guthrie officers: Carolyn Go
forth, president; Dixie Smalley,
vice-president; Carol Lange, sec
retary; Susie Williams, treasur
er; Ann Hagey, social chairman;
Judy Avery, Committee of Eight.
Guthrie officers: Carolyn Go
forth, president; Dixie Smalley,
vice-president; Carol Lange, sec
retary; Susie Williams, treasur
er; Ann Hagey, social chairman;
Judy Avery, Committee of Eight.
Guthrie officers: Carolyn Go
forth, president; Dixie Smalley,
vice-president; Carol Lange, sec
retary; Susie Williams, treasur
er; Ann Hagey, social chairman;
Judy Avery, Committee of Eight.
Guthrie officers: Carolyn Go
forth, president; Dixie Smalley,
vice-president; Carol Lange, sec
retary; Susie Williams, treasur
er; Ann Hagey, social chairman;
Judy Avery, Committee of Eight.
Guthrie officers: Carolyn Go
forth, president; Dixie Smalley,
vice-president; Carol Lange, sec
retary; Susie Williams, treasur
er; Ann Hagey, social chairman;
Judy Avery, Committee of Eight.
Guthrie officers: Carolyn Go
forth, president; Dixie Smalley,
vice-president; Carol Lange, sec
retary; Susie Williams, treasur
er; Ann Hagey, social chairman;
Judy Avery, Committee of Eight.
Guthrie officers: Carolyn Go
forth, president; Dixie Smalley,
vice-president; Carol Lange, sec
retary; Susie Williams, treasur
er; Ann Hagey, social chairman;
Judy Avery, Committee of Eight.
Guthrie officers: Carolyn Go
forth, president; Dixie Smalley,
vice-president; Carol Lange, sec
retary; Susie Williams, treasur
er; Ann Hagey, social chairman;
Judy Avery, Committee of Eight.
Guthrie officers: Carolyn Go
forth, president; Dixie Smalley,
vice-president; Carol Lange, sec
retary; Susie Williams, treasur
er; Ann Hagey, social chairman;
Judy Avery, Committee of Eight.
Guthrie officers: Carolyn Go
forth, president; Dixie Smalley,
vice-president; Carol Lange, sec
retary; Susie Williams, treasur
er; Ann Hagey, social chairman;
Judy Avery, Committee of Eight.
