# fulbright Faculty Grants Available
## 
### 
Fellowship grants are now
available to faculty members for
lecturing and research during
1958-59 in Southeast Asia, the
Pacific area and Latin America
under the Fulbright program.
Applications may tie submitted to
the Committee on International
Exchange of Persons by April 25.
Additional lectureships are also
available under the Smith-Mundt
Act. Booklets about both pro
grams may be obtained in all de
partment offices. For further in
formation, faculty members may
sec K. B. Krauskopf, Room 321 D,
Geology Building, telephone Lo
cal 43.
Fellowship grants are now
available to faculty members for
lecturing and research during
1958-59 in Southeast Asia, the
Pacific area and Latin America
under the Fulbright program.
Applications may tie submitted to
the Committee on International
Exchange of Persons by April 25.
Additional lectureships are also
available under the Smith-Mundt
Act. Booklets about both pro
grams may be obtained in all de
partment offices. For further in
formation, faculty members may
sec K. B. Krauskopf, Room 321 D,
Geology Building, telephone Lo
cal 43.
Fellowship grants are now
available to faculty members for
lecturing and research during
1958-59 in Southeast Asia, the
Pacific area and Latin America
under the Fulbright program.
Applications may tie submitted to
the Committee on International
Exchange of Persons by April 25.
Additional lectureships are also
available under the Smith-Mundt
Act. Booklets about both pro
grams may be obtained in all de
partment offices. For further in
formation, faculty members may
sec K. B. Krauskopf, Room 321 D,
Geology Building, telephone Lo
cal 43.
Fellowship grants are now
available to faculty members for
lecturing and research during
1958-59 in Southeast Asia, the
Pacific area and Latin America
under the Fulbright program.
Applications may tie submitted to
the Committee on International
Exchange of Persons by April 25.
Additional lectureships are also
available under the Smith-Mundt
Act. Booklets about both pro
grams may be obtained in all de
partment offices. For further in
formation, faculty members may
sec K. B. Krauskopf, Room 321 D,
Geology Building, telephone Lo
cal 43.
Fellowship grants are now
available to faculty members for
lecturing and research during
1958-59 in Southeast Asia, the
Pacific area and Latin America
under the Fulbright program.
Applications may tie submitted to
the Committee on International
Exchange of Persons by April 25.
Additional lectureships are also
available under the Smith-Mundt
Act. Booklets about both pro
grams may be obtained in all de
partment offices. For further in
formation, faculty members may
sec K. B. Krauskopf, Room 321 D,
Geology Building, telephone Lo
cal 43.
Fellowship grants are now
available to faculty members for
lecturing and research during
1958-59 in Southeast Asia, the
Pacific area and Latin America
under the Fulbright program.
Applications may tie submitted to
the Committee on International
Exchange of Persons by April 25.
Additional lectureships are also
available under the Smith-Mundt
Act. Booklets about both pro
grams may be obtained in all de
partment offices. For further in
formation, faculty members may
sec K. B. Krauskopf, Room 321 D,
Geology Building, telephone Lo
cal 43.
Fellowship grants are now
available to faculty members for
lecturing and research during
1958-59 in Southeast Asia, the
Pacific area and Latin America
under the Fulbright program.
Applications may tie submitted to
the Committee on International
Exchange of Persons by April 25.
Additional lectureships are also
available under the Smith-Mundt
Act. Booklets about both pro
grams may be obtained in all de
partment offices. For further in
formation, faculty members may
sec K. B. Krauskopf, Room 321 D,
Geology Building, telephone Lo
cal 43.
Fellowship grants are now
available to faculty members for
lecturing and research during
1958-59 in Southeast Asia, the
Pacific area and Latin America
under the Fulbright program.
Applications may tie submitted to
the Committee on International
Exchange of Persons by April 25.
Additional lectureships are also
available under the Smith-Mundt
Act. Booklets about both pro
grams may be obtained in all de
partment offices. For further in
formation, faculty members may
sec K. B. Krauskopf, Room 321 D,
Geology Building, telephone Lo
cal 43.
Fellowship grants are now
available to faculty members for
lecturing and research during
1958-59 in Southeast Asia, the
Pacific area and Latin America
under the Fulbright program.
Applications may tie submitted to
the Committee on International
Exchange of Persons by April 25.
Additional lectureships are also
available under the Smith-Mundt
Act. Booklets about both pro
grams may be obtained in all de
partment offices. For further in
formation, faculty members may
sec K. B. Krauskopf, Room 321 D,
Geology Building, telephone Lo
cal 43.
Fellowship grants are now
available to faculty members for
lecturing and research during
1958-59 in Southeast Asia, the
Pacific area and Latin America
under the Fulbright program.
Applications may tie submitted to
the Committee on International
Exchange of Persons by April 25.
Additional lectureships are also
available under the Smith-Mundt
Act. Booklets about both pro
grams may be obtained in all de
partment offices. For further in
formation, faculty members may
sec K. B. Krauskopf, Room 321 D,
Geology Building, telephone Lo
cal 43.
Fellowship grants are now
available to faculty members for
lecturing and research during
1958-59 in Southeast Asia, the
Pacific area and Latin America
under the Fulbright program.
Applications may tie submitted to
the Committee on International
Exchange of Persons by April 25.
Additional lectureships are also
available under the Smith-Mundt
Act. Booklets about both pro
grams may be obtained in all de
partment offices. For further in
formation, faculty members may
sec K. B. Krauskopf, Room 321 D,
Geology Building, telephone Lo
cal 43.
Fellowship grants are now
available to faculty members for
lecturing and research during
1958-59 in Southeast Asia, the
Pacific area and Latin America
under the Fulbright program.
Applications may tie submitted to
the Committee on International
Exchange of Persons by April 25.
Additional lectureships are also
available under the Smith-Mundt
Act. Booklets about both pro
grams may be obtained in all de
partment offices. For further in
formation, faculty members may
sec K. B. Krauskopf, Room 321 D,
Geology Building, telephone Lo
cal 43.
Fellowship grants are now
available to faculty members for
lecturing and research during
1958-59 in Southeast Asia, the
Pacific area and Latin America
under the Fulbright program.
Applications may tie submitted to
the Committee on International
Exchange of Persons by April 25.
Additional lectureships are also
available under the Smith-Mundt
Act. Booklets about both pro
grams may be obtained in all de
partment offices. For further in
formation, faculty members may
sec K. B. Krauskopf, Room 321 D,
Geology Building, telephone Lo
cal 43.
Fellowship grants are now
available to faculty members for
lecturing and research during
1958-59 in Southeast Asia, the
Pacific area and Latin America
under the Fulbright program.
Applications may tie submitted to
the Committee on International
Exchange of Persons by April 25.
Additional lectureships are also
available under the Smith-Mundt
Act. Booklets about both pro
grams may be obtained in all de
partment offices. For further in
formation, faculty members may
sec K. B. Krauskopf, Room 321 D,
Geology Building, telephone Lo
cal 43.
Fellowship grants are now
available to faculty members for
lecturing and research during
1958-59 in Southeast Asia, the
Pacific area and Latin America
under the Fulbright program.
Applications may tie submitted to
the Committee on International
Exchange of Persons by April 25.
Additional lectureships are also
available under the Smith-Mundt
Act. Booklets about both pro
grams may be obtained in all de
partment offices. For further in
formation, faculty members may
sec K. B. Krauskopf, Room 321 D,
Geology Building, telephone Lo
cal 43.
Fellowship grants are now
available to faculty members for
lecturing and research during
1958-59 in Southeast Asia, the
Pacific area and Latin America
under the Fulbright program.
Applications may tie submitted to
the Committee on International
Exchange of Persons by April 25.
Additional lectureships are also
available under the Smith-Mundt
Act. Booklets about both pro
grams may be obtained in all de
partment offices. For further in
formation, faculty members may
sec K. B. Krauskopf, Room 321 D,
Geology Building, telephone Lo
cal 43.
