# DELTA TAU DELTA
## 
### 
Delta Tau Delta officers: John
Kidd, president; Noel Robinson,
vice-president; Tyler Miller, re
cording secretary; Harry Walk
er, corresponding secretary; Jer
ry Rose, intramural chairman;
Alf Brandin, social chairman;
Doug Dyck, rush chairman; John
MeNelly, house manager; Bob
Bletcher, punch pinero.
Delta Tau Delta officers: John
Kidd, president; Noel Robinson,
vice-president; Tyler Miller, re
cording secretary; Harry Walk
er, corresponding secretary; Jer
ry Rose, intramural chairman;
Alf Brandin, social chairman;
Doug Dyck, rush chairman; John
MeNelly, house manager; Bob
Bletcher, punch pinero.
Delta Tau Delta officers: John
Kidd, president; Noel Robinson,
vice-president; Tyler Miller, re
cording secretary; Harry Walk
er, corresponding secretary; Jer
ry Rose, intramural chairman;
Alf Brandin, social chairman;
Doug Dyck, rush chairman; John
MeNelly, house manager; Bob
Bletcher, punch pinero.
Delta Tau Delta officers: John
Kidd, president; Noel Robinson,
vice-president; Tyler Miller, re
cording secretary; Harry Walk
er, corresponding secretary; Jer
ry Rose, intramural chairman;
Alf Brandin, social chairman;
Doug Dyck, rush chairman; John
MeNelly, house manager; Bob
Bletcher, punch pinero.
Delta Tau Delta officers: John
Kidd, president; Noel Robinson,
vice-president; Tyler Miller, re
cording secretary; Harry Walk
er, corresponding secretary; Jer
ry Rose, intramural chairman;
Alf Brandin, social chairman;
Doug Dyck, rush chairman; John
MeNelly, house manager; Bob
Bletcher, punch pinero.
Delta Tau Delta officers: John
Kidd, president; Noel Robinson,
vice-president; Tyler Miller, re
cording secretary; Harry Walk
er, corresponding secretary; Jer
ry Rose, intramural chairman;
Alf Brandin, social chairman;
Doug Dyck, rush chairman; John
MeNelly, house manager; Bob
Bletcher, punch pinero.
Delta Tau Delta officers: John
Kidd, president; Noel Robinson,
vice-president; Tyler Miller, re
cording secretary; Harry Walk
er, corresponding secretary; Jer
ry Rose, intramural chairman;
Alf Brandin, social chairman;
Doug Dyck, rush chairman; John
MeNelly, house manager; Bob
Bletcher, punch pinero.
Delta Tau Delta officers: John
Kidd, president; Noel Robinson,
vice-president; Tyler Miller, re
cording secretary; Harry Walk
er, corresponding secretary; Jer
ry Rose, intramural chairman;
Alf Brandin, social chairman;
Doug Dyck, rush chairman; John
MeNelly, house manager; Bob
Bletcher, punch pinero.
Delta Tau Delta officers: John
Kidd, president; Noel Robinson,
vice-president; Tyler Miller, re
cording secretary; Harry Walk
er, corresponding secretary; Jer
ry Rose, intramural chairman;
Alf Brandin, social chairman;
Doug Dyck, rush chairman; John
MeNelly, house manager; Bob
Bletcher, punch pinero.
Delta Tau Delta officers: John
Kidd, president; Noel Robinson,
vice-president; Tyler Miller, re
cording secretary; Harry Walk
er, corresponding secretary; Jer
ry Rose, intramural chairman;
Alf Brandin, social chairman;
Doug Dyck, rush chairman; John
MeNelly, house manager; Bob
Bletcher, punch pinero.
Delta Tau Delta officers: John
Kidd, president; Noel Robinson,
vice-president; Tyler Miller, re
cording secretary; Harry Walk
er, corresponding secretary; Jer
ry Rose, intramural chairman;
Alf Brandin, social chairman;
Doug Dyck, rush chairman; John
MeNelly, house manager; Bob
Bletcher, punch pinero.
Delta Tau Delta officers: John
Kidd, president; Noel Robinson,
vice-president; Tyler Miller, re
cording secretary; Harry Walk
er, corresponding secretary; Jer
ry Rose, intramural chairman;
Alf Brandin, social chairman;
Doug Dyck, rush chairman; John
MeNelly, house manager; Bob
Bletcher, punch pinero.
Delta Tau Delta officers: John
Kidd, president; Noel Robinson,
vice-president; Tyler Miller, re
cording secretary; Harry Walk
er, corresponding secretary; Jer
ry Rose, intramural chairman;
Alf Brandin, social chairman;
Doug Dyck, rush chairman; John
MeNelly, house manager; Bob
Bletcher, punch pinero.
Delta Tau Delta officers: John
Kidd, president; Noel Robinson,
vice-president; Tyler Miller, re
cording secretary; Harry Walk
er, corresponding secretary; Jer
ry Rose, intramural chairman;
Alf Brandin, social chairman;
Doug Dyck, rush chairman; John
MeNelly, house manager; Bob
Bletcher, punch pinero.
Delta Tau Delta officers: John
Kidd, president; Noel Robinson,
vice-president; Tyler Miller, re
cording secretary; Harry Walk
er, corresponding secretary; Jer
ry Rose, intramural chairman;
Alf Brandin, social chairman;
Doug Dyck, rush chairman; John
MeNelly, house manager; Bob
Bletcher, punch pinero.
Delta Tau Delta officers: John
Kidd, president; Noel Robinson,
vice-president; Tyler Miller, re
cording secretary; Harry Walk
er, corresponding secretary; Jer
ry Rose, intramural chairman;
Alf Brandin, social chairman;
Doug Dyck, rush chairman; John
MeNelly, house manager; Bob
Bletcher, punch pinero.
