# Dies at Guild Hospital.
## 
### 
At the Guild Hospital, on Tuesday
occurred the death of Jessie Giffen
Thompson, '06, caused by a compli
cation of pneumonia following an ap
pendicitis operation. The funeral
services will be held at the residence
of Mrs. William Scofield, 800 Univer
sity avenue, Saturday afternoon, at 2
o'clock.
At the Guild Hospital, on Tuesday
occurred the death of Jessie Giffen
Thompson, '06, caused by a compli
cation of pneumonia following an ap
pendicitis operation. The funeral
services will be held at the residence
of Mrs. William Scofield, 800 Univer
sity avenue, Saturday afternoon, at 2
o'clock.
At the Guild Hospital, on Tuesday
occurred the death of Jessie Giffen
Thompson, '06, caused by a compli
cation of pneumonia following an ap
pendicitis operation. The funeral
services will be held at the residence
of Mrs. William Scofield, 800 Univer
sity avenue, Saturday afternoon, at 2
o'clock.
At the Guild Hospital, on Tuesday
occurred the death of Jessie Giffen
Thompson, '06, caused by a compli
cation of pneumonia following an ap
pendicitis operation. The funeral
services will be held at the residence
of Mrs. William Scofield, 800 Univer
sity avenue, Saturday afternoon, at 2
o'clock.
At the Guild Hospital, on Tuesday
occurred the death of Jessie Giffen
Thompson, '06, caused by a compli
cation of pneumonia following an ap
pendicitis operation. The funeral
services will be held at the residence
of Mrs. William Scofield, 800 Univer
sity avenue, Saturday afternoon, at 2
o'clock.
At the Guild Hospital, on Tuesday
occurred the death of Jessie Giffen
Thompson, '06, caused by a compli
cation of pneumonia following an ap
pendicitis operation. The funeral
services will be held at the residence
of Mrs. William Scofield, 800 Univer
sity avenue, Saturday afternoon, at 2
o'clock.
At the Guild Hospital, on Tuesday
occurred the death of Jessie Giffen
Thompson, '06, caused by a compli
cation of pneumonia following an ap
pendicitis operation. The funeral
services will be held at the residence
of Mrs. William Scofield, 800 Univer
sity avenue, Saturday afternoon, at 2
o'clock.
At the Guild Hospital, on Tuesday
occurred the death of Jessie Giffen
Thompson, '06, caused by a compli
cation of pneumonia following an ap
pendicitis operation. The funeral
services will be held at the residence
of Mrs. William Scofield, 800 Univer
sity avenue, Saturday afternoon, at 2
o'clock.
At the Guild Hospital, on Tuesday
occurred the death of Jessie Giffen
Thompson, '06, caused by a compli
cation of pneumonia following an ap
pendicitis operation. The funeral
services will be held at the residence
of Mrs. William Scofield, 800 Univer
sity avenue, Saturday afternoon, at 2
o'clock.
