# FOUR MEN CHOSEN TO REPRESENT STANFORD IN GOLF MATCHES
## 
### 
The Cardinal golf team, recently
organized, will meet California next
Saturday morning, at 10> o'clock .on
the San Francisco Club course. The
Blue and Gold team consists of Fred
Lyman, F. Height, J. Villain, F. La
Blond, all crack golfers, who under
stand the fine points of the game. The
Cardinal men will be George Kleiser,
Jr., Bernard Frankenheimer, Millard
Rosenblatt, and Cecil Putman. Previ
ous golfing records of these men point
toward a Cardinal victory. They will
take one practice round on the club
linkß during the week to get the lay
of the ground before the match.
The Cardinal golf team, recently
organized, will meet California next
Saturday morning, at 10> o'clock .on
the San Francisco Club course. The
Blue and Gold team consists of Fred
Lyman, F. Height, J. Villain, F. La
Blond, all crack golfers, who under
stand the fine points of the game. The
Cardinal men will be George Kleiser,
Jr., Bernard Frankenheimer, Millard
Rosenblatt, and Cecil Putman. Previ
ous golfing records of these men point
toward a Cardinal victory. They will
take one practice round on the club
linkß during the week to get the lay
of the ground before the match.
The Cardinal golf team, recently
organized, will meet California next
Saturday morning, at 10> o'clock .on
the San Francisco Club course. The
Blue and Gold team consists of Fred
Lyman, F. Height, J. Villain, F. La
Blond, all crack golfers, who under
stand the fine points of the game. The
Cardinal men will be George Kleiser,
Jr., Bernard Frankenheimer, Millard
Rosenblatt, and Cecil Putman. Previ
ous golfing records of these men point
toward a Cardinal victory. They will
take one practice round on the club
linkß during the week to get the lay
of the ground before the match.
The Cardinal golf team, recently
organized, will meet California next
Saturday morning, at 10> o'clock .on
the San Francisco Club course. The
Blue and Gold team consists of Fred
Lyman, F. Height, J. Villain, F. La
Blond, all crack golfers, who under
stand the fine points of the game. The
Cardinal men will be George Kleiser,
Jr., Bernard Frankenheimer, Millard
Rosenblatt, and Cecil Putman. Previ
ous golfing records of these men point
toward a Cardinal victory. They will
take one practice round on the club
linkß during the week to get the lay
of the ground before the match.
The Cardinal golf team, recently
organized, will meet California next
Saturday morning, at 10> o'clock .on
the San Francisco Club course. The
Blue and Gold team consists of Fred
Lyman, F. Height, J. Villain, F. La
Blond, all crack golfers, who under
stand the fine points of the game. The
Cardinal men will be George Kleiser,
Jr., Bernard Frankenheimer, Millard
Rosenblatt, and Cecil Putman. Previ
ous golfing records of these men point
toward a Cardinal victory. They will
take one practice round on the club
linkß during the week to get the lay
of the ground before the match.
The Cardinal golf team, recently
organized, will meet California next
Saturday morning, at 10> o'clock .on
the San Francisco Club course. The
Blue and Gold team consists of Fred
Lyman, F. Height, J. Villain, F. La
Blond, all crack golfers, who under
stand the fine points of the game. The
Cardinal men will be George Kleiser,
Jr., Bernard Frankenheimer, Millard
Rosenblatt, and Cecil Putman. Previ
ous golfing records of these men point
toward a Cardinal victory. They will
take one practice round on the club
linkß during the week to get the lay
of the ground before the match.
The Cardinal golf team, recently
organized, will meet California next
Saturday morning, at 10> o'clock .on
the San Francisco Club course. The
Blue and Gold team consists of Fred
Lyman, F. Height, J. Villain, F. La
Blond, all crack golfers, who under
stand the fine points of the game. The
Cardinal men will be George Kleiser,
Jr., Bernard Frankenheimer, Millard
Rosenblatt, and Cecil Putman. Previ
ous golfing records of these men point
toward a Cardinal victory. They will
take one practice round on the club
linkß during the week to get the lay
of the ground before the match.
The Cardinal golf team, recently
organized, will meet California next
Saturday morning, at 10> o'clock .on
the San Francisco Club course. The
Blue and Gold team consists of Fred
Lyman, F. Height, J. Villain, F. La
Blond, all crack golfers, who under
stand the fine points of the game. The
Cardinal men will be George Kleiser,
Jr., Bernard Frankenheimer, Millard
Rosenblatt, and Cecil Putman. Previ
ous golfing records of these men point
toward a Cardinal victory. They will
take one practice round on the club
linkß during the week to get the lay
of the ground before the match.
The Cardinal golf team, recently
organized, will meet California next
Saturday morning, at 10> o'clock .on
the San Francisco Club course. The
Blue and Gold team consists of Fred
Lyman, F. Height, J. Villain, F. La
Blond, all crack golfers, who under
stand the fine points of the game. The
Cardinal men will be George Kleiser,
Jr., Bernard Frankenheimer, Millard
Rosenblatt, and Cecil Putman. Previ
ous golfing records of these men point
toward a Cardinal victory. They will
take one practice round on the club
linkß during the week to get the lay
of the ground before the match.
The Cardinal golf team, recently
organized, will meet California next
Saturday morning, at 10> o'clock .on
the San Francisco Club course. The
Blue and Gold team consists of Fred
Lyman, F. Height, J. Villain, F. La
Blond, all crack golfers, who under
stand the fine points of the game. The
Cardinal men will be George Kleiser,
Jr., Bernard Frankenheimer, Millard
Rosenblatt, and Cecil Putman. Previ
ous golfing records of these men point
toward a Cardinal victory. They will
take one practice round on the club
linkß during the week to get the lay
of the ground before the match.
The Cardinal golf team, recently
organized, will meet California next
Saturday morning, at 10> o'clock .on
the San Francisco Club course. The
Blue and Gold team consists of Fred
Lyman, F. Height, J. Villain, F. La
Blond, all crack golfers, who under
stand the fine points of the game. The
Cardinal men will be George Kleiser,
Jr., Bernard Frankenheimer, Millard
Rosenblatt, and Cecil Putman. Previ
ous golfing records of these men point
toward a Cardinal victory. They will
take one practice round on the club
linkß during the week to get the lay
of the ground before the match.
The Cardinal golf team, recently
organized, will meet California next
Saturday morning, at 10> o'clock .on
the San Francisco Club course. The
Blue and Gold team consists of Fred
Lyman, F. Height, J. Villain, F. La
Blond, all crack golfers, who under
stand the fine points of the game. The
Cardinal men will be George Kleiser,
Jr., Bernard Frankenheimer, Millard
Rosenblatt, and Cecil Putman. Previ
ous golfing records of these men point
toward a Cardinal victory. They will
take one practice round on the club
linkß during the week to get the lay
of the ground before the match.
The Cardinal golf team, recently
organized, will meet California next
Saturday morning, at 10> o'clock .on
the San Francisco Club course. The
Blue and Gold team consists of Fred
Lyman, F. Height, J. Villain, F. La
Blond, all crack golfers, who under
stand the fine points of the game. The
Cardinal men will be George Kleiser,
Jr., Bernard Frankenheimer, Millard
Rosenblatt, and Cecil Putman. Previ
ous golfing records of these men point
toward a Cardinal victory. They will
take one practice round on the club
linkß during the week to get the lay
of the ground before the match.
