# Orchesis Group Dances Monday
## Women To Interpret Modern Problems in Program Held In Women's Gym at 8:20 
### 
"Themes from a Youthful Nation"
will provide the motive when Or
chesis, women's honorary dancing
society, under the direction of Ruth
Radir and sponsored by the W.A.A.,
presents its annual dance program
in the women's gym Monday night at
8:20 o'clock.
The participants will interpret
througn contemporary dance the
need lor expansion in America in
"Growing Pains," the westward
movement in "Elbow Room" and the
modern scene in "Modern Merry-
Go-Round."
The individual units of these
main groups include as arranged by
Orchesis and the dancing classes:
Housei'aising and Scarcity in the
first group, Cowboy and Revival
Meeting in the second, and Metropo
lis and Hitch Hikers in the third.
Orchesis members who are par
ticipating include: Carol Rundall,
president of the organization, Char
lotte Becker, Loisann Brichetto,
Adelc Ganlncr, Mary Jane Hawley,
Norma Krull, Phyllis Lakin, Frances
Lesley, Ruth Nutting, Gwen Oliver,
Helengrace Sawyer, Elizabeth
Steans, Gretchcn Temple, Mary
Tiffany, and Helene Wilkins.
"Themes from a Youthful Nation"
will provide the motive when Or
chesis, women's honorary dancing
society, under the direction of Ruth
Radir and sponsored by the W.A.A.,
presents its annual dance program
in the women's gym Monday night at
8:20 o'clock.
The participants will interpret
througn contemporary dance the
need lor expansion in America in
"Growing Pains," the westward
movement in "Elbow Room" and the
modern scene in "Modern Merry-
Go-Round."
The individual units of these
main groups include as arranged by
Orchesis and the dancing classes:
Housei'aising and Scarcity in the
first group, Cowboy and Revival
Meeting in the second, and Metropo
lis and Hitch Hikers in the third.
Orchesis members who are par
ticipating include: Carol Rundall,
president of the organization, Char
lotte Becker, Loisann Brichetto,
Adelc Ganlncr, Mary Jane Hawley,
Norma Krull, Phyllis Lakin, Frances
Lesley, Ruth Nutting, Gwen Oliver,
Helengrace Sawyer, Elizabeth
Steans, Gretchcn Temple, Mary
Tiffany, and Helene Wilkins.
"Themes from a Youthful Nation"
will provide the motive when Or
chesis, women's honorary dancing
society, under the direction of Ruth
Radir and sponsored by the W.A.A.,
presents its annual dance program
in the women's gym Monday night at
8:20 o'clock.
The participants will interpret
througn contemporary dance the
need lor expansion in America in
"Growing Pains," the westward
movement in "Elbow Room" and the
modern scene in "Modern Merry-
Go-Round."
The individual units of these
main groups include as arranged by
Orchesis and the dancing classes:
Housei'aising and Scarcity in the
first group, Cowboy and Revival
Meeting in the second, and Metropo
lis and Hitch Hikers in the third.
Orchesis members who are par
ticipating include: Carol Rundall,
president of the organization, Char
lotte Becker, Loisann Brichetto,
Adelc Ganlncr, Mary Jane Hawley,
Norma Krull, Phyllis Lakin, Frances
Lesley, Ruth Nutting, Gwen Oliver,
Helengrace Sawyer, Elizabeth
Steans, Gretchcn Temple, Mary
Tiffany, and Helene Wilkins.
"Themes from a Youthful Nation"
will provide the motive when Or
chesis, women's honorary dancing
society, under the direction of Ruth
Radir and sponsored by the W.A.A.,
presents its annual dance program
in the women's gym Monday night at
8:20 o'clock.
The participants will interpret
througn contemporary dance the
need lor expansion in America in
"Growing Pains," the westward
movement in "Elbow Room" and the
modern scene in "Modern Merry-
Go-Round."
The individual units of these
main groups include as arranged by
Orchesis and the dancing classes:
Housei'aising and Scarcity in the
first group, Cowboy and Revival
Meeting in the second, and Metropo
lis and Hitch Hikers in the third.
Orchesis members who are par
ticipating include: Carol Rundall,
president of the organization, Char
lotte Becker, Loisann Brichetto,
Adelc Ganlncr, Mary Jane Hawley,
Norma Krull, Phyllis Lakin, Frances
Lesley, Ruth Nutting, Gwen Oliver,
Helengrace Sawyer, Elizabeth
Steans, Gretchcn Temple, Mary
Tiffany, and Helene Wilkins.
"Themes from a Youthful Nation"
will provide the motive when Or
chesis, women's honorary dancing
society, under the direction of Ruth
Radir and sponsored by the W.A.A.,
presents its annual dance program
in the women's gym Monday night at
8:20 o'clock.
The participants will interpret
througn contemporary dance the
need lor expansion in America in
"Growing Pains," the westward
movement in "Elbow Room" and the
modern scene in "Modern Merry-
Go-Round."
The individual units of these
main groups include as arranged by
Orchesis and the dancing classes:
Housei'aising and Scarcity in the
first group, Cowboy and Revival
Meeting in the second, and Metropo
lis and Hitch Hikers in the third.
Orchesis members who are par
ticipating include: Carol Rundall,
president of the organization, Char
lotte Becker, Loisann Brichetto,
Adelc Ganlncr, Mary Jane Hawley,
Norma Krull, Phyllis Lakin, Frances
Lesley, Ruth Nutting, Gwen Oliver,
Helengrace Sawyer, Elizabeth
Steans, Gretchcn Temple, Mary
Tiffany, and Helene Wilkins.
"Themes from a Youthful Nation"
will provide the motive when Or
chesis, women's honorary dancing
society, under the direction of Ruth
Radir and sponsored by the W.A.A.,
presents its annual dance program
in the women's gym Monday night at
8:20 o'clock.
The participants will interpret
througn contemporary dance the
need lor expansion in America in
"Growing Pains," the westward
movement in "Elbow Room" and the
modern scene in "Modern Merry-
Go-Round."
The individual units of these
main groups include as arranged by
Orchesis and the dancing classes:
Housei'aising and Scarcity in the
first group, Cowboy and Revival
Meeting in the second, and Metropo
lis and Hitch Hikers in the third.
Orchesis members who are par
ticipating include: Carol Rundall,
president of the organization, Char
lotte Becker, Loisann Brichetto,
Adelc Ganlncr, Mary Jane Hawley,
Norma Krull, Phyllis Lakin, Frances
Lesley, Ruth Nutting, Gwen Oliver,
Helengrace Sawyer, Elizabeth
Steans, Gretchcn Temple, Mary
Tiffany, and Helene Wilkins.
"Themes from a Youthful Nation"
will provide the motive when Or
chesis, women's honorary dancing
society, under the direction of Ruth
Radir and sponsored by the W.A.A.,
presents its annual dance program
in the women's gym Monday night at
8:20 o'clock.
The participants will interpret
througn contemporary dance the
need lor expansion in America in
"Growing Pains," the westward
movement in "Elbow Room" and the
modern scene in "Modern Merry-
Go-Round."
The individual units of these
main groups include as arranged by
Orchesis and the dancing classes:
Housei'aising and Scarcity in the
first group, Cowboy and Revival
Meeting in the second, and Metropo
lis and Hitch Hikers in the third.
Orchesis members who are par
ticipating include: Carol Rundall,
president of the organization, Char
lotte Becker, Loisann Brichetto,
Adelc Ganlncr, Mary Jane Hawley,
Norma Krull, Phyllis Lakin, Frances
Lesley, Ruth Nutting, Gwen Oliver,
Helengrace Sawyer, Elizabeth
Steans, Gretchcn Temple, Mary
Tiffany, and Helene Wilkins.
"Themes from a Youthful Nation"
will provide the motive when Or
chesis, women's honorary dancing
society, under the direction of Ruth
Radir and sponsored by the W.A.A.,
presents its annual dance program
in the women's gym Monday night at
8:20 o'clock.
The participants will interpret
througn contemporary dance the
need lor expansion in America in
"Growing Pains," the westward
movement in "Elbow Room" and the
modern scene in "Modern Merry-
Go-Round."
The individual units of these
main groups include as arranged by
Orchesis and the dancing classes:
Housei'aising and Scarcity in the
first group, Cowboy and Revival
Meeting in the second, and Metropo
lis and Hitch Hikers in the third.
Orchesis members who are par
ticipating include: Carol Rundall,
president of the organization, Char
lotte Becker, Loisann Brichetto,
Adelc Ganlncr, Mary Jane Hawley,
Norma Krull, Phyllis Lakin, Frances
Lesley, Ruth Nutting, Gwen Oliver,
Helengrace Sawyer, Elizabeth
Steans, Gretchcn Temple, Mary
Tiffany, and Helene Wilkins.
"Themes from a Youthful Nation"
will provide the motive when Or
chesis, women's honorary dancing
society, under the direction of Ruth
Radir and sponsored by the W.A.A.,
presents its annual dance program
in the women's gym Monday night at
8:20 o'clock.
The participants will interpret
througn contemporary dance the
need lor expansion in America in
"Growing Pains," the westward
movement in "Elbow Room" and the
modern scene in "Modern Merry-
Go-Round."
The individual units of these
main groups include as arranged by
Orchesis and the dancing classes:
Housei'aising and Scarcity in the
first group, Cowboy and Revival
Meeting in the second, and Metropo
lis and Hitch Hikers in the third.
Orchesis members who are par
ticipating include: Carol Rundall,
president of the organization, Char
lotte Becker, Loisann Brichetto,
Adelc Ganlncr, Mary Jane Hawley,
Norma Krull, Phyllis Lakin, Frances
Lesley, Ruth Nutting, Gwen Oliver,
Helengrace Sawyer, Elizabeth
Steans, Gretchcn Temple, Mary
Tiffany, and Helene Wilkins.
"Themes from a Youthful Nation"
will provide the motive when Or
chesis, women's honorary dancing
society, under the direction of Ruth
Radir and sponsored by the W.A.A.,
presents its annual dance program
in the women's gym Monday night at
8:20 o'clock.
The participants will interpret
througn contemporary dance the
need lor expansion in America in
"Growing Pains," the westward
movement in "Elbow Room" and the
modern scene in "Modern Merry-
Go-Round."
The individual units of these
main groups include as arranged by
Orchesis and the dancing classes:
Housei'aising and Scarcity in the
first group, Cowboy and Revival
Meeting in the second, and Metropo
lis and Hitch Hikers in the third.
Orchesis members who are par
ticipating include: Carol Rundall,
president of the organization, Char
lotte Becker, Loisann Brichetto,
Adelc Ganlncr, Mary Jane Hawley,
Norma Krull, Phyllis Lakin, Frances
Lesley, Ruth Nutting, Gwen Oliver,
Helengrace Sawyer, Elizabeth
Steans, Gretchcn Temple, Mary
Tiffany, and Helene Wilkins.
"Themes from a Youthful Nation"
will provide the motive when Or
chesis, women's honorary dancing
society, under the direction of Ruth
Radir and sponsored by the W.A.A.,
presents its annual dance program
in the women's gym Monday night at
8:20 o'clock.
The participants will interpret
througn contemporary dance the
need lor expansion in America in
"Growing Pains," the westward
movement in "Elbow Room" and the
modern scene in "Modern Merry-
Go-Round."
The individual units of these
main groups include as arranged by
Orchesis and the dancing classes:
Housei'aising and Scarcity in the
first group, Cowboy and Revival
Meeting in the second, and Metropo
lis and Hitch Hikers in the third.
Orchesis members who are par
ticipating include: Carol Rundall,
president of the organization, Char
lotte Becker, Loisann Brichetto,
Adelc Ganlncr, Mary Jane Hawley,
Norma Krull, Phyllis Lakin, Frances
Lesley, Ruth Nutting, Gwen Oliver,
Helengrace Sawyer, Elizabeth
Steans, Gretchcn Temple, Mary
Tiffany, and Helene Wilkins.
"Themes from a Youthful Nation"
will provide the motive when Or
chesis, women's honorary dancing
society, under the direction of Ruth
Radir and sponsored by the W.A.A.,
presents its annual dance program
in the women's gym Monday night at
8:20 o'clock.
The participants will interpret
througn contemporary dance the
need lor expansion in America in
"Growing Pains," the westward
movement in "Elbow Room" and the
modern scene in "Modern Merry-
Go-Round."
The individual units of these
main groups include as arranged by
Orchesis and the dancing classes:
Housei'aising and Scarcity in the
first group, Cowboy and Revival
Meeting in the second, and Metropo
lis and Hitch Hikers in the third.
Orchesis members who are par
ticipating include: Carol Rundall,
president of the organization, Char
lotte Becker, Loisann Brichetto,
Adelc Ganlncr, Mary Jane Hawley,
Norma Krull, Phyllis Lakin, Frances
Lesley, Ruth Nutting, Gwen Oliver,
Helengrace Sawyer, Elizabeth
Steans, Gretchcn Temple, Mary
Tiffany, and Helene Wilkins.
"Themes from a Youthful Nation"
will provide the motive when Or
chesis, women's honorary dancing
society, under the direction of Ruth
Radir and sponsored by the W.A.A.,
presents its annual dance program
in the women's gym Monday night at
8:20 o'clock.
The participants will interpret
througn contemporary dance the
need lor expansion in America in
"Growing Pains," the westward
movement in "Elbow Room" and the
modern scene in "Modern Merry-
Go-Round."
The individual units of these
main groups include as arranged by
Orchesis and the dancing classes:
Housei'aising and Scarcity in the
first group, Cowboy and Revival
Meeting in the second, and Metropo
lis and Hitch Hikers in the third.
Orchesis members who are par
ticipating include: Carol Rundall,
president of the organization, Char
lotte Becker, Loisann Brichetto,
Adelc Ganlncr, Mary Jane Hawley,
Norma Krull, Phyllis Lakin, Frances
Lesley, Ruth Nutting, Gwen Oliver,
Helengrace Sawyer, Elizabeth
Steans, Gretchcn Temple, Mary
Tiffany, and Helene Wilkins.
"Themes from a Youthful Nation"
will provide the motive when Or
chesis, women's honorary dancing
society, under the direction of Ruth
Radir and sponsored by the W.A.A.,
presents its annual dance program
in the women's gym Monday night at
8:20 o'clock.
The participants will interpret
througn contemporary dance the
need lor expansion in America in
"Growing Pains," the westward
movement in "Elbow Room" and the
modern scene in "Modern Merry-
Go-Round."
The individual units of these
main groups include as arranged by
Orchesis and the dancing classes:
Housei'aising and Scarcity in the
first group, Cowboy and Revival
Meeting in the second, and Metropo
lis and Hitch Hikers in the third.
Orchesis members who are par
ticipating include: Carol Rundall,
president of the organization, Char
lotte Becker, Loisann Brichetto,
Adelc Ganlncr, Mary Jane Hawley,
Norma Krull, Phyllis Lakin, Frances
Lesley, Ruth Nutting, Gwen Oliver,
Helengrace Sawyer, Elizabeth
Steans, Gretchcn Temple, Mary
Tiffany, and Helene Wilkins.
"Themes from a Youthful Nation"
will provide the motive when Or
chesis, women's honorary dancing
society, under the direction of Ruth
Radir and sponsored by the W.A.A.,
presents its annual dance program
in the women's gym Monday night at
8:20 o'clock.
The participants will interpret
througn contemporary dance the
need lor expansion in America in
"Growing Pains," the westward
movement in "Elbow Room" and the
modern scene in "Modern Merry-
Go-Round."
The individual units of these
main groups include as arranged by
Orchesis and the dancing classes:
Housei'aising and Scarcity in the
first group, Cowboy and Revival
Meeting in the second, and Metropo
lis and Hitch Hikers in the third.
Orchesis members who are par
ticipating include: Carol Rundall,
president of the organization, Char
lotte Becker, Loisann Brichetto,
Adelc Ganlncr, Mary Jane Hawley,
Norma Krull, Phyllis Lakin, Frances
Lesley, Ruth Nutting, Gwen Oliver,
Helengrace Sawyer, Elizabeth
Steans, Gretchcn Temple, Mary
Tiffany, and Helene Wilkins.
"Themes from a Youthful Nation"
will provide the motive when Or
chesis, women's honorary dancing
society, under the direction of Ruth
Radir and sponsored by the W.A.A.,
presents its annual dance program
in the women's gym Monday night at
8:20 o'clock.
The participants will interpret
througn contemporary dance the
need lor expansion in America in
"Growing Pains," the westward
movement in "Elbow Room" and the
modern scene in "Modern Merry-
Go-Round."
The individual units of these
main groups include as arranged by
Orchesis and the dancing classes:
Housei'aising and Scarcity in the
first group, Cowboy and Revival
Meeting in the second, and Metropo
lis and Hitch Hikers in the third.
Orchesis members who are par
ticipating include: Carol Rundall,
president of the organization, Char
lotte Becker, Loisann Brichetto,
Adelc Ganlncr, Mary Jane Hawley,
Norma Krull, Phyllis Lakin, Frances
Lesley, Ruth Nutting, Gwen Oliver,
Helengrace Sawyer, Elizabeth
Steans, Gretchcn Temple, Mary
Tiffany, and Helene Wilkins.
