# Adv. 8 Page 5
## 
### 
Q^Vlore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for thq
same fine quality Diamonds.
TSS mSST
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J J(W|LIM
*>• Bryant ItrMt
»•!« At**
323-2934
Q^Vlore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for thq
same fine quality Diamonds.
TSS mSST
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J J(W|LIM
*>• Bryant ItrMt
»•!« At**
323-2934
Q^Vlore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for thq
same fine quality Diamonds.
TSS mSST
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J J(W|LIM
*>• Bryant ItrMt
»•!« At**
323-2934
Q^Vlore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for thq
same fine quality Diamonds.
TSS mSST
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J J(W|LIM
*>• Bryant ItrMt
»•!« At**
323-2934
Q^Vlore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for thq
same fine quality Diamonds.
TSS mSST
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J J(W|LIM
*>• Bryant ItrMt
»•!« At**
323-2934
Q^Vlore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for thq
same fine quality Diamonds.
TSS mSST
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J J(W|LIM
*>• Bryant ItrMt
»•!« At**
323-2934
Q^Vlore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for thq
same fine quality Diamonds.
TSS mSST
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J J(W|LIM
*>• Bryant ItrMt
»•!« At**
323-2934
Q^Vlore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for thq
same fine quality Diamonds.
TSS mSST
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J J(W|LIM
*>• Bryant ItrMt
»•!« At**
323-2934
Q^Vlore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for thq
same fine quality Diamonds.
TSS mSST
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J J(W|LIM
*>• Bryant ItrMt
»•!« At**
323-2934
Q^Vlore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for thq
same fine quality Diamonds.
TSS mSST
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J J(W|LIM
*>• Bryant ItrMt
»•!« At**
323-2934
Q^Vlore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for thq
same fine quality Diamonds.
TSS mSST
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J J(W|LIM
*>• Bryant ItrMt
»•!« At**
323-2934
Q^Vlore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for thq
same fine quality Diamonds.
TSS mSST
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J J(W|LIM
*>• Bryant ItrMt
»•!« At**
323-2934
Q^Vlore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for thq
same fine quality Diamonds.
TSS mSST
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J J(W|LIM
*>• Bryant ItrMt
»•!« At**
323-2934
Q^Vlore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for thq
same fine quality Diamonds.
TSS mSST
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J J(W|LIM
*>• Bryant ItrMt
»•!« At**
323-2934
