# Briefly...
## 
### 
Genetic engineering
Ronald Davis, assistant professor of
biochemistry, will speak about the
technique, goals and possible hazards
of genetic engineering tonight at 7:10
in Whitman House.
Genetic engineering
Ronald Davis, assistant professor of
biochemistry, will speak about the
technique, goals and possible hazards
of genetic engineering tonight at 7:10
in Whitman House.
Genetic engineering
Ronald Davis, assistant professor of
biochemistry, will speak about the
technique, goals and possible hazards
of genetic engineering tonight at 7:10
in Whitman House.
Genetic engineering
Ronald Davis, assistant professor of
biochemistry, will speak about the
technique, goals and possible hazards
of genetic engineering tonight at 7:10
in Whitman House.
Genetic engineering
Ronald Davis, assistant professor of
biochemistry, will speak about the
technique, goals and possible hazards
of genetic engineering tonight at 7:10
in Whitman House.
Genetic engineering
Ronald Davis, assistant professor of
biochemistry, will speak about the
technique, goals and possible hazards
of genetic engineering tonight at 7:10
in Whitman House.
Genetic engineering
Ronald Davis, assistant professor of
biochemistry, will speak about the
technique, goals and possible hazards
of genetic engineering tonight at 7:10
in Whitman House.
Genetic engineering
Ronald Davis, assistant professor of
biochemistry, will speak about the
technique, goals and possible hazards
of genetic engineering tonight at 7:10
in Whitman House.
Genetic engineering
Ronald Davis, assistant professor of
biochemistry, will speak about the
technique, goals and possible hazards
of genetic engineering tonight at 7:10
in Whitman House.
Genetic engineering
Ronald Davis, assistant professor of
biochemistry, will speak about the
technique, goals and possible hazards
of genetic engineering tonight at 7:10
in Whitman House.
Genetic engineering
Ronald Davis, assistant professor of
biochemistry, will speak about the
technique, goals and possible hazards
of genetic engineering tonight at 7:10
in Whitman House.
Genetic engineering
Ronald Davis, assistant professor of
biochemistry, will speak about the
technique, goals and possible hazards
of genetic engineering tonight at 7:10
in Whitman House.
Genetic engineering
Ronald Davis, assistant professor of
biochemistry, will speak about the
technique, goals and possible hazards
of genetic engineering tonight at 7:10
in Whitman House.
Genetic engineering
Ronald Davis, assistant professor of
biochemistry, will speak about the
technique, goals and possible hazards
of genetic engineering tonight at 7:10
in Whitman House.
