# Once Around the Quad
## 
### 
Alpine Club: Practice climb, 9
a.m. tomorrow.
Daily Staff: 1:30 p.m. tomor
row, Shack.
Alpine Club: Practice climb, 9
a.m. tomorrow.
Daily Staff: 1:30 p.m. tomor
row, Shack.
Alpine Club: Practice climb, 9
a.m. tomorrow.
Daily Staff: 1:30 p.m. tomor
row, Shack.
Alpine Club: Practice climb, 9
a.m. tomorrow.
Daily Staff: 1:30 p.m. tomor
row, Shack.
Alpine Club: Practice climb, 9
a.m. tomorrow.
Daily Staff: 1:30 p.m. tomor
row, Shack.
Alpine Club: Practice climb, 9
a.m. tomorrow.
Daily Staff: 1:30 p.m. tomor
row, Shack.
Alpine Club: Practice climb, 9
a.m. tomorrow.
Daily Staff: 1:30 p.m. tomor
row, Shack.
Alpine Club: Practice climb, 9
a.m. tomorrow.
Daily Staff: 1:30 p.m. tomor
row, Shack.
Alpine Club: Practice climb, 9
a.m. tomorrow.
Daily Staff: 1:30 p.m. tomor
row, Shack.
Alpine Club: Practice climb, 9
a.m. tomorrow.
Daily Staff: 1:30 p.m. tomor
row, Shack.
Alpine Club: Practice climb, 9
a.m. tomorrow.
Daily Staff: 1:30 p.m. tomor
row, Shack.
Alpine Club: Practice climb, 9
a.m. tomorrow.
Daily Staff: 1:30 p.m. tomor
row, Shack.
Alpine Club: Practice climb, 9
a.m. tomorrow.
Daily Staff: 1:30 p.m. tomor
row, Shack.
Alpine Club: Practice climb, 9
a.m. tomorrow.
Daily Staff: 1:30 p.m. tomor
row, Shack.
Alpine Club: Practice climb, 9
a.m. tomorrow.
Daily Staff: 1:30 p.m. tomor
row, Shack.
Alpine Club: Practice climb, 9
a.m. tomorrow.
Daily Staff: 1:30 p.m. tomor
row, Shack.
