# Dance Scheduled Tonight by 'I' Club
## 
### 
The first "I" Club dance of
spring quarter will be held at
Chez Yvonne tonight from 9 to 1.
Admission is free to all stu
dents, according to International
Student Club President Peter Ki
rianoff.
The first "I" Club dance of
spring quarter will be held at
Chez Yvonne tonight from 9 to 1.
Admission is free to all stu
dents, according to International
Student Club President Peter Ki
rianoff.
The first "I" Club dance of
spring quarter will be held at
Chez Yvonne tonight from 9 to 1.
Admission is free to all stu
dents, according to International
Student Club President Peter Ki
rianoff.
The first "I" Club dance of
spring quarter will be held at
Chez Yvonne tonight from 9 to 1.
Admission is free to all stu
dents, according to International
Student Club President Peter Ki
rianoff.
The first "I" Club dance of
spring quarter will be held at
Chez Yvonne tonight from 9 to 1.
Admission is free to all stu
dents, according to International
Student Club President Peter Ki
rianoff.
The first "I" Club dance of
spring quarter will be held at
Chez Yvonne tonight from 9 to 1.
Admission is free to all stu
dents, according to International
Student Club President Peter Ki
rianoff.
The first "I" Club dance of
spring quarter will be held at
Chez Yvonne tonight from 9 to 1.
Admission is free to all stu
dents, according to International
Student Club President Peter Ki
rianoff.
The first "I" Club dance of
spring quarter will be held at
Chez Yvonne tonight from 9 to 1.
Admission is free to all stu
dents, according to International
Student Club President Peter Ki
rianoff.
The first "I" Club dance of
spring quarter will be held at
Chez Yvonne tonight from 9 to 1.
Admission is free to all stu
dents, according to International
Student Club President Peter Ki
rianoff.
The first "I" Club dance of
spring quarter will be held at
Chez Yvonne tonight from 9 to 1.
Admission is free to all stu
dents, according to International
Student Club President Peter Ki
rianoff.
The first "I" Club dance of
spring quarter will be held at
Chez Yvonne tonight from 9 to 1.
Admission is free to all stu
dents, according to International
Student Club President Peter Ki
rianoff.
The first "I" Club dance of
spring quarter will be held at
Chez Yvonne tonight from 9 to 1.
Admission is free to all stu
dents, according to International
Student Club President Peter Ki
rianoff.
The first "I" Club dance of
spring quarter will be held at
Chez Yvonne tonight from 9 to 1.
Admission is free to all stu
dents, according to International
Student Club President Peter Ki
rianoff.
The first "I" Club dance of
spring quarter will be held at
Chez Yvonne tonight from 9 to 1.
Admission is free to all stu
dents, according to International
Student Club President Peter Ki
rianoff.
The first "I" Club dance of
spring quarter will be held at
Chez Yvonne tonight from 9 to 1.
Admission is free to all stu
dents, according to International
Student Club President Peter Ki
rianoff.
The first "I" Club dance of
spring quarter will be held at
Chez Yvonne tonight from 9 to 1.
Admission is free to all stu
dents, according to International
Student Club President Peter Ki
rianoff.
