# NAACP Continues Work on Stanford Property Clauses
## 
### 
The Palo Alto branch of the Na
tional Association for the Ad
vancement of Colored People is
still trying to get the University
to insert anti-discrimination claus
es in its property lease contracts.
Lester P. Bailey, field secretary
for the West Coast regional office
of NAACP, declared last Monday
night in a meeting, "We will not
hesitate in the end to take any
steps necessary to make discrimi
nation impossible on these prop
erties."
Last month the NAACP peti
tioned the University's board of
trustees to insert "mandatory an
ti-discrimination clauses in all
contracts wherein University
property is leased. . . ." The trus
tees denied the petition, deeming
such an action unnecessary.
