# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
ENGAGEMENT
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Carol Johnson,
’63, to Douglas Federighi, Break
ers, ’63.
ENGAGEMENT
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Carol Johnson,
’63, to Douglas Federighi, Break
ers, ’63.
ENGAGEMENT
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Carol Johnson,
’63, to Douglas Federighi, Break
ers, ’63.
ENGAGEMENT
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Carol Johnson,
’63, to Douglas Federighi, Break
ers, ’63.
ENGAGEMENT
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Carol Johnson,
’63, to Douglas Federighi, Break
ers, ’63.
ENGAGEMENT
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Carol Johnson,
’63, to Douglas Federighi, Break
ers, ’63.
ENGAGEMENT
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Carol Johnson,
’63, to Douglas Federighi, Break
ers, ’63.
ENGAGEMENT
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Carol Johnson,
’63, to Douglas Federighi, Break
ers, ’63.
ENGAGEMENT
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Carol Johnson,
’63, to Douglas Federighi, Break
ers, ’63.
ENGAGEMENT
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Carol Johnson,
’63, to Douglas Federighi, Break
ers, ’63.
ENGAGEMENT
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Carol Johnson,
’63, to Douglas Federighi, Break
ers, ’63.
ENGAGEMENT
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Carol Johnson,
’63, to Douglas Federighi, Break
ers, ’63.
ENGAGEMENT
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Carol Johnson,
’63, to Douglas Federighi, Break
ers, ’63.
ENGAGEMENT
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Carol Johnson,
’63, to Douglas Federighi, Break
ers, ’63.
ENGAGEMENT
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Carol Johnson,
’63, to Douglas Federighi, Break
ers, ’63.
ENGAGEMENT
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Carol Johnson,
’63, to Douglas Federighi, Break
ers, ’63.
ENGAGEMENT
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Carol Johnson,
’63, to Douglas Federighi, Break
ers, ’63.
