# Adv. 3 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS*.
* i
You say you’re look
ing for an unusual
little gift for someone,
say like yourself?
Well, the Paris Belt
people might just
have the answer. It’s
a fine brown or black
calf belt, neatly coiled
up inside, get this, a
plastic replica of a
golf ball or bowling
same. Be the first in
your group to own
onej Just 3.50 does it.
■
■
■
I
I
I
roos/atkins
INDIANS*.
* i
You say you’re look
ing for an unusual
little gift for someone,
say like yourself?
Well, the Paris Belt
people might just
have the answer. It’s
a fine brown or black
calf belt, neatly coiled
up inside, get this, a
plastic replica of a
golf ball or bowling
same. Be the first in
your group to own
onej Just 3.50 does it.
■
■
■
I
I
I
roos/atkins
INDIANS*.
* i
You say you’re look
ing for an unusual
little gift for someone,
say like yourself?
Well, the Paris Belt
people might just
have the answer. It’s
a fine brown or black
calf belt, neatly coiled
up inside, get this, a
plastic replica of a
golf ball or bowling
same. Be the first in
your group to own
onej Just 3.50 does it.
■
■
■
I
I
I
roos/atkins
INDIANS*.
* i
You say you’re look
ing for an unusual
little gift for someone,
say like yourself?
Well, the Paris Belt
people might just
have the answer. It’s
a fine brown or black
calf belt, neatly coiled
up inside, get this, a
plastic replica of a
golf ball or bowling
same. Be the first in
your group to own
onej Just 3.50 does it.
■
■
■
I
I
I
roos/atkins
INDIANS*.
* i
You say you’re look
ing for an unusual
little gift for someone,
say like yourself?
Well, the Paris Belt
people might just
have the answer. It’s
a fine brown or black
calf belt, neatly coiled
up inside, get this, a
plastic replica of a
golf ball or bowling
same. Be the first in
your group to own
onej Just 3.50 does it.
■
■
■
I
I
I
roos/atkins
INDIANS*.
* i
You say you’re look
ing for an unusual
little gift for someone,
say like yourself?
Well, the Paris Belt
people might just
have the answer. It’s
a fine brown or black
calf belt, neatly coiled
up inside, get this, a
plastic replica of a
golf ball or bowling
same. Be the first in
your group to own
onej Just 3.50 does it.
■
■
■
I
I
I
roos/atkins
INDIANS*.
* i
You say you’re look
ing for an unusual
little gift for someone,
say like yourself?
Well, the Paris Belt
people might just
have the answer. It’s
a fine brown or black
calf belt, neatly coiled
up inside, get this, a
plastic replica of a
golf ball or bowling
same. Be the first in
your group to own
onej Just 3.50 does it.
■
■
■
I
I
I
roos/atkins
INDIANS*.
* i
You say you’re look
ing for an unusual
little gift for someone,
say like yourself?
Well, the Paris Belt
people might just
have the answer. It’s
a fine brown or black
calf belt, neatly coiled
up inside, get this, a
plastic replica of a
golf ball or bowling
same. Be the first in
your group to own
onej Just 3.50 does it.
■
■
■
I
I
I
roos/atkins
INDIANS*.
* i
You say you’re look
ing for an unusual
little gift for someone,
say like yourself?
Well, the Paris Belt
people might just
have the answer. It’s
a fine brown or black
calf belt, neatly coiled
up inside, get this, a
plastic replica of a
golf ball or bowling
same. Be the first in
your group to own
onej Just 3.50 does it.
■
■
■
I
I
I
roos/atkins
INDIANS*.
* i
You say you’re look
ing for an unusual
little gift for someone,
say like yourself?
Well, the Paris Belt
people might just
have the answer. It’s
a fine brown or black
calf belt, neatly coiled
up inside, get this, a
plastic replica of a
golf ball or bowling
same. Be the first in
your group to own
onej Just 3.50 does it.
■
■
■
I
I
I
roos/atkins
INDIANS*.
* i
You say you’re look
ing for an unusual
little gift for someone,
say like yourself?
Well, the Paris Belt
people might just
have the answer. It’s
a fine brown or black
calf belt, neatly coiled
up inside, get this, a
plastic replica of a
golf ball or bowling
same. Be the first in
your group to own
onej Just 3.50 does it.
■
■
■
I
I
I
roos/atkins
INDIANS*.
* i
You say you’re look
ing for an unusual
little gift for someone,
say like yourself?
Well, the Paris Belt
people might just
have the answer. It’s
a fine brown or black
calf belt, neatly coiled
up inside, get this, a
plastic replica of a
golf ball or bowling
same. Be the first in
your group to own
onej Just 3.50 does it.
■
■
■
I
I
I
roos/atkins
INDIANS*.
* i
You say you’re look
ing for an unusual
little gift for someone,
say like yourself?
Well, the Paris Belt
people might just
have the answer. It’s
a fine brown or black
calf belt, neatly coiled
up inside, get this, a
plastic replica of a
golf ball or bowling
same. Be the first in
your group to own
onej Just 3.50 does it.
■
■
■
I
I
I
roos/atkins
INDIANS*.
* i
You say you’re look
ing for an unusual
little gift for someone,
say like yourself?
Well, the Paris Belt
people might just
have the answer. It’s
a fine brown or black
calf belt, neatly coiled
up inside, get this, a
plastic replica of a
golf ball or bowling
same. Be the first in
your group to own
onej Just 3.50 does it.
■
■
■
I
I
I
roos/atkins
INDIANS*.
* i
You say you’re look
ing for an unusual
little gift for someone,
say like yourself?
Well, the Paris Belt
people might just
have the answer. It’s
a fine brown or black
calf belt, neatly coiled
up inside, get this, a
plastic replica of a
golf ball or bowling
same. Be the first in
your group to own
onej Just 3.50 does it.
■
■
■
I
I
I
roos/atkins
INDIANS*.
* i
You say you’re look
ing for an unusual
little gift for someone,
say like yourself?
Well, the Paris Belt
people might just
have the answer. It’s
a fine brown or black
calf belt, neatly coiled
up inside, get this, a
plastic replica of a
golf ball or bowling
same. Be the first in
your group to own
onej Just 3.50 does it.
■
■
■
I
I
I
roos/atkins
INDIANS*.
* i
You say you’re look
ing for an unusual
little gift for someone,
say like yourself?
Well, the Paris Belt
people might just
have the answer. It’s
a fine brown or black
calf belt, neatly coiled
up inside, get this, a
plastic replica of a
golf ball or bowling
same. Be the first in
your group to own
onej Just 3.50 does it.
■
■
■
I
I
I
roos/atkins
