# Overseas Study Grants Available
## 
### 
Three different overseas study
grants among those available to
students for next year, are being
announced by the Financial Aids
Office this week.
Students interested in the Ful
bright Scholarship Program for
overseas study can ask questions
about the program today at 7:30
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women’s Clubhouse. Professor
Edwin Good, this year’s Fulbright
advisor, and Professor Anthony
Sokol, assistant to next year’s ap
plicants, will he on hand to an
swer general questions.
The Graduate wards Office re
ports that the French Govern
ment is again offering a fellow
ship to a Stanford student inter
ested in studying in that country
during the 1962-63 academic year.
Interested students should con
tact the Graduate Awards section
of the Financial Aids Office im
mediately.
Mr. Reid-Aclam, British Consul-
General, will be on campus next
Tuesday to speak to students in
terested in applying for Marshall
Scholarships. A meeting will be
hold from 1:30-2:30 p.m. in the
Dean of Men’s Conference Room
for all interested students.
