# STANFORD ENGINEERS TO BE SELECTED BY ELECTRIC COMPANY
## 
### 
Six to ten Stanford graduate engi
neers are chosen each year by the
General Electric Company for ad
vanced training, M. M. Boring de
clared here today as a representative
of that company's Industrial Service
Department.
In outlining the prospects offered,
Boring said that the men chosen will
be put in a student group to obtain
practical experience to supplement
their college work, and to acquaint
them with the General Electric Com
pany's output. Five hundred engineer
ing graduates from one hundred and
twenty American colleges are accepted
each year by the company for this
study apd work in the main factory
at Schenectady, New York.
College graduates will fill technical
and executive positions, and may work
up into favorable positions in other
electrical companies. Boring will be
on the campus again today, appoint
ments for individual conferences being
made through the Appointment Secre
tary's office.
Six to ten Stanford graduate engi
neers are chosen each year by the
General Electric Company for ad
vanced training, M. M. Boring de
clared here today as a representative
of that company's Industrial Service
Department.
In outlining the prospects offered,
Boring said that the men chosen will
be put in a student group to obtain
practical experience to supplement
their college work, and to acquaint
them with the General Electric Com
pany's output. Five hundred engineer
ing graduates from one hundred and
twenty American colleges are accepted
each year by the company for this
study apd work in the main factory
at Schenectady, New York.
College graduates will fill technical
and executive positions, and may work
up into favorable positions in other
electrical companies. Boring will be
on the campus again today, appoint
ments for individual conferences being
made through the Appointment Secre
tary's office.
Six to ten Stanford graduate engi
neers are chosen each year by the
General Electric Company for ad
vanced training, M. M. Boring de
clared here today as a representative
of that company's Industrial Service
Department.
In outlining the prospects offered,
Boring said that the men chosen will
be put in a student group to obtain
practical experience to supplement
their college work, and to acquaint
them with the General Electric Com
pany's output. Five hundred engineer
ing graduates from one hundred and
twenty American colleges are accepted
each year by the company for this
study apd work in the main factory
at Schenectady, New York.
College graduates will fill technical
and executive positions, and may work
up into favorable positions in other
electrical companies. Boring will be
on the campus again today, appoint
ments for individual conferences being
made through the Appointment Secre
tary's office.
Six to ten Stanford graduate engi
neers are chosen each year by the
General Electric Company for ad
vanced training, M. M. Boring de
clared here today as a representative
of that company's Industrial Service
Department.
In outlining the prospects offered,
Boring said that the men chosen will
be put in a student group to obtain
practical experience to supplement
their college work, and to acquaint
them with the General Electric Com
pany's output. Five hundred engineer
ing graduates from one hundred and
twenty American colleges are accepted
each year by the company for this
study apd work in the main factory
at Schenectady, New York.
College graduates will fill technical
and executive positions, and may work
up into favorable positions in other
electrical companies. Boring will be
on the campus again today, appoint
ments for individual conferences being
made through the Appointment Secre
tary's office.
Six to ten Stanford graduate engi
neers are chosen each year by the
General Electric Company for ad
vanced training, M. M. Boring de
clared here today as a representative
of that company's Industrial Service
Department.
In outlining the prospects offered,
Boring said that the men chosen will
be put in a student group to obtain
practical experience to supplement
their college work, and to acquaint
them with the General Electric Com
pany's output. Five hundred engineer
ing graduates from one hundred and
twenty American colleges are accepted
each year by the company for this
study apd work in the main factory
at Schenectady, New York.
College graduates will fill technical
and executive positions, and may work
up into favorable positions in other
electrical companies. Boring will be
on the campus again today, appoint
ments for individual conferences being
made through the Appointment Secre
tary's office.
Six to ten Stanford graduate engi
neers are chosen each year by the
General Electric Company for ad
vanced training, M. M. Boring de
clared here today as a representative
of that company's Industrial Service
Department.
In outlining the prospects offered,
Boring said that the men chosen will
be put in a student group to obtain
practical experience to supplement
their college work, and to acquaint
them with the General Electric Com
pany's output. Five hundred engineer
ing graduates from one hundred and
twenty American colleges are accepted
each year by the company for this
study apd work in the main factory
at Schenectady, New York.
College graduates will fill technical
and executive positions, and may work
up into favorable positions in other
electrical companies. Boring will be
on the campus again today, appoint
ments for individual conferences being
made through the Appointment Secre
tary's office.
Six to ten Stanford graduate engi
neers are chosen each year by the
General Electric Company for ad
vanced training, M. M. Boring de
clared here today as a representative
of that company's Industrial Service
Department.
In outlining the prospects offered,
Boring said that the men chosen will
be put in a student group to obtain
practical experience to supplement
their college work, and to acquaint
them with the General Electric Com
pany's output. Five hundred engineer
ing graduates from one hundred and
twenty American colleges are accepted
each year by the company for this
study apd work in the main factory
at Schenectady, New York.
College graduates will fill technical
and executive positions, and may work
up into favorable positions in other
electrical companies. Boring will be
on the campus again today, appoint
ments for individual conferences being
made through the Appointment Secre
tary's office.
Six to ten Stanford graduate engi
neers are chosen each year by the
General Electric Company for ad
vanced training, M. M. Boring de
clared here today as a representative
of that company's Industrial Service
Department.
In outlining the prospects offered,
Boring said that the men chosen will
be put in a student group to obtain
practical experience to supplement
their college work, and to acquaint
them with the General Electric Com
pany's output. Five hundred engineer
ing graduates from one hundred and
twenty American colleges are accepted
each year by the company for this
study apd work in the main factory
at Schenectady, New York.
College graduates will fill technical
and executive positions, and may work
up into favorable positions in other
electrical companies. Boring will be
on the campus again today, appoint
ments for individual conferences being
made through the Appointment Secre
tary's office.
Six to ten Stanford graduate engi
neers are chosen each year by the
General Electric Company for ad
vanced training, M. M. Boring de
clared here today as a representative
of that company's Industrial Service
Department.
In outlining the prospects offered,
Boring said that the men chosen will
be put in a student group to obtain
practical experience to supplement
their college work, and to acquaint
them with the General Electric Com
pany's output. Five hundred engineer
ing graduates from one hundred and
twenty American colleges are accepted
each year by the company for this
study apd work in the main factory
at Schenectady, New York.
College graduates will fill technical
and executive positions, and may work
up into favorable positions in other
electrical companies. Boring will be
on the campus again today, appoint
ments for individual conferences being
made through the Appointment Secre
tary's office.
Six to ten Stanford graduate engi
neers are chosen each year by the
General Electric Company for ad
vanced training, M. M. Boring de
clared here today as a representative
of that company's Industrial Service
Department.
In outlining the prospects offered,
Boring said that the men chosen will
be put in a student group to obtain
practical experience to supplement
their college work, and to acquaint
them with the General Electric Com
pany's output. Five hundred engineer
ing graduates from one hundred and
twenty American colleges are accepted
each year by the company for this
study apd work in the main factory
at Schenectady, New York.
College graduates will fill technical
and executive positions, and may work
up into favorable positions in other
electrical companies. Boring will be
on the campus again today, appoint
ments for individual conferences being
made through the Appointment Secre
tary's office.
Six to ten Stanford graduate engi
neers are chosen each year by the
General Electric Company for ad
vanced training, M. M. Boring de
clared here today as a representative
of that company's Industrial Service
Department.
In outlining the prospects offered,
Boring said that the men chosen will
be put in a student group to obtain
practical experience to supplement
their college work, and to acquaint
them with the General Electric Com
pany's output. Five hundred engineer
ing graduates from one hundred and
twenty American colleges are accepted
each year by the company for this
study apd work in the main factory
at Schenectady, New York.
College graduates will fill technical
and executive positions, and may work
up into favorable positions in other
electrical companies. Boring will be
on the campus again today, appoint
ments for individual conferences being
made through the Appointment Secre
tary's office.
Six to ten Stanford graduate engi
neers are chosen each year by the
General Electric Company for ad
vanced training, M. M. Boring de
clared here today as a representative
of that company's Industrial Service
Department.
In outlining the prospects offered,
Boring said that the men chosen will
be put in a student group to obtain
practical experience to supplement
their college work, and to acquaint
them with the General Electric Com
pany's output. Five hundred engineer
ing graduates from one hundred and
twenty American colleges are accepted
each year by the company for this
study apd work in the main factory
at Schenectady, New York.
College graduates will fill technical
and executive positions, and may work
up into favorable positions in other
electrical companies. Boring will be
on the campus again today, appoint
ments for individual conferences being
made through the Appointment Secre
tary's office.
Six to ten Stanford graduate engi
neers are chosen each year by the
General Electric Company for ad
vanced training, M. M. Boring de
clared here today as a representative
of that company's Industrial Service
Department.
In outlining the prospects offered,
Boring said that the men chosen will
be put in a student group to obtain
practical experience to supplement
their college work, and to acquaint
them with the General Electric Com
pany's output. Five hundred engineer
ing graduates from one hundred and
twenty American colleges are accepted
each year by the company for this
study apd work in the main factory
at Schenectady, New York.
College graduates will fill technical
and executive positions, and may work
up into favorable positions in other
electrical companies. Boring will be
on the campus again today, appoint
ments for individual conferences being
made through the Appointment Secre
tary's office.
Six to ten Stanford graduate engi
neers are chosen each year by the
General Electric Company for ad
vanced training, M. M. Boring de
clared here today as a representative
of that company's Industrial Service
Department.
In outlining the prospects offered,
Boring said that the men chosen will
be put in a student group to obtain
practical experience to supplement
their college work, and to acquaint
them with the General Electric Com
pany's output. Five hundred engineer
ing graduates from one hundred and
twenty American colleges are accepted
each year by the company for this
study apd work in the main factory
at Schenectady, New York.
College graduates will fill technical
and executive positions, and may work
up into favorable positions in other
electrical companies. Boring will be
on the campus again today, appoint
ments for individual conferences being
made through the Appointment Secre
tary's office.
Six to ten Stanford graduate engi
neers are chosen each year by the
General Electric Company for ad
vanced training, M. M. Boring de
clared here today as a representative
of that company's Industrial Service
Department.
In outlining the prospects offered,
Boring said that the men chosen will
be put in a student group to obtain
practical experience to supplement
their college work, and to acquaint
them with the General Electric Com
pany's output. Five hundred engineer
ing graduates from one hundred and
twenty American colleges are accepted
each year by the company for this
study apd work in the main factory
at Schenectady, New York.
College graduates will fill technical
and executive positions, and may work
up into favorable positions in other
electrical companies. Boring will be
on the campus again today, appoint
ments for individual conferences being
made through the Appointment Secre
tary's office.
