# Military Association Will Arrange Plans for Dance
## 
### 
Plans for the Military Ball will bo
formulated at the meeting of the
Scabbard and Blade at 4:30 this after
noon in the Military Headquarters.
Adoption of a new local constitution
and election of officers will bo dis
cussed.
Plans for the Military Ball will bo
formulated at the meeting of the
Scabbard and Blade at 4:30 this after
noon in the Military Headquarters.
Adoption of a new local constitution
and election of officers will bo dis
cussed.
Plans for the Military Ball will bo
formulated at the meeting of the
Scabbard and Blade at 4:30 this after
noon in the Military Headquarters.
Adoption of a new local constitution
and election of officers will bo dis
cussed.
Plans for the Military Ball will bo
formulated at the meeting of the
Scabbard and Blade at 4:30 this after
noon in the Military Headquarters.
Adoption of a new local constitution
and election of officers will bo dis
cussed.
Plans for the Military Ball will bo
formulated at the meeting of the
Scabbard and Blade at 4:30 this after
noon in the Military Headquarters.
Adoption of a new local constitution
and election of officers will bo dis
cussed.
Plans for the Military Ball will bo
formulated at the meeting of the
Scabbard and Blade at 4:30 this after
noon in the Military Headquarters.
Adoption of a new local constitution
and election of officers will bo dis
cussed.
Plans for the Military Ball will bo
formulated at the meeting of the
Scabbard and Blade at 4:30 this after
noon in the Military Headquarters.
Adoption of a new local constitution
and election of officers will bo dis
cussed.
Plans for the Military Ball will bo
formulated at the meeting of the
Scabbard and Blade at 4:30 this after
noon in the Military Headquarters.
Adoption of a new local constitution
and election of officers will bo dis
cussed.
Plans for the Military Ball will bo
formulated at the meeting of the
Scabbard and Blade at 4:30 this after
noon in the Military Headquarters.
Adoption of a new local constitution
and election of officers will bo dis
cussed.
Plans for the Military Ball will bo
formulated at the meeting of the
Scabbard and Blade at 4:30 this after
noon in the Military Headquarters.
Adoption of a new local constitution
and election of officers will bo dis
cussed.
Plans for the Military Ball will bo
formulated at the meeting of the
Scabbard and Blade at 4:30 this after
noon in the Military Headquarters.
Adoption of a new local constitution
and election of officers will bo dis
cussed.
Plans for the Military Ball will bo
formulated at the meeting of the
Scabbard and Blade at 4:30 this after
noon in the Military Headquarters.
Adoption of a new local constitution
and election of officers will bo dis
cussed.
Plans for the Military Ball will bo
formulated at the meeting of the
Scabbard and Blade at 4:30 this after
noon in the Military Headquarters.
Adoption of a new local constitution
and election of officers will bo dis
cussed.
Plans for the Military Ball will bo
formulated at the meeting of the
Scabbard and Blade at 4:30 this after
noon in the Military Headquarters.
Adoption of a new local constitution
and election of officers will bo dis
cussed.
Plans for the Military Ball will bo
formulated at the meeting of the
Scabbard and Blade at 4:30 this after
noon in the Military Headquarters.
Adoption of a new local constitution
and election of officers will bo dis
cussed.
