# Work on New Campus for Southern Branch Rushed
## 
### 
Work on the new campus of the
University of California, Southern
Branch, at Westwood, a suburb of Los
Angeles, is well under way with plans
for two buildings already ordered by
the Board of Regents. A library and
an auditorium and general classroom
structure are being rushed to comple
tion, plans for the other units being
considered in the meantime. A nur
sery has been established where thou
sands of plants and shrubs are being
grown for use as soon as the site is
ready for planting.
Work on the new campus of the
University of California, Southern
Branch, at Westwood, a suburb of Los
Angeles, is well under way with plans
for two buildings already ordered by
the Board of Regents. A library and
an auditorium and general classroom
structure are being rushed to comple
tion, plans for the other units being
considered in the meantime. A nur
sery has been established where thou
sands of plants and shrubs are being
grown for use as soon as the site is
ready for planting.
Work on the new campus of the
University of California, Southern
Branch, at Westwood, a suburb of Los
Angeles, is well under way with plans
for two buildings already ordered by
the Board of Regents. A library and
an auditorium and general classroom
structure are being rushed to comple
tion, plans for the other units being
considered in the meantime. A nur
sery has been established where thou
sands of plants and shrubs are being
grown for use as soon as the site is
ready for planting.
Work on the new campus of the
University of California, Southern
Branch, at Westwood, a suburb of Los
Angeles, is well under way with plans
for two buildings already ordered by
the Board of Regents. A library and
an auditorium and general classroom
structure are being rushed to comple
tion, plans for the other units being
considered in the meantime. A nur
sery has been established where thou
sands of plants and shrubs are being
grown for use as soon as the site is
ready for planting.
Work on the new campus of the
University of California, Southern
Branch, at Westwood, a suburb of Los
Angeles, is well under way with plans
for two buildings already ordered by
the Board of Regents. A library and
an auditorium and general classroom
structure are being rushed to comple
tion, plans for the other units being
considered in the meantime. A nur
sery has been established where thou
sands of plants and shrubs are being
grown for use as soon as the site is
ready for planting.
Work on the new campus of the
University of California, Southern
Branch, at Westwood, a suburb of Los
Angeles, is well under way with plans
for two buildings already ordered by
the Board of Regents. A library and
an auditorium and general classroom
structure are being rushed to comple
tion, plans for the other units being
considered in the meantime. A nur
sery has been established where thou
sands of plants and shrubs are being
grown for use as soon as the site is
ready for planting.
Work on the new campus of the
University of California, Southern
Branch, at Westwood, a suburb of Los
Angeles, is well under way with plans
for two buildings already ordered by
the Board of Regents. A library and
an auditorium and general classroom
structure are being rushed to comple
tion, plans for the other units being
considered in the meantime. A nur
sery has been established where thou
sands of plants and shrubs are being
grown for use as soon as the site is
ready for planting.
Work on the new campus of the
University of California, Southern
Branch, at Westwood, a suburb of Los
Angeles, is well under way with plans
for two buildings already ordered by
the Board of Regents. A library and
an auditorium and general classroom
structure are being rushed to comple
tion, plans for the other units being
considered in the meantime. A nur
sery has been established where thou
sands of plants and shrubs are being
grown for use as soon as the site is
ready for planting.
Work on the new campus of the
University of California, Southern
Branch, at Westwood, a suburb of Los
Angeles, is well under way with plans
for two buildings already ordered by
the Board of Regents. A library and
an auditorium and general classroom
structure are being rushed to comple
tion, plans for the other units being
considered in the meantime. A nur
sery has been established where thou
sands of plants and shrubs are being
grown for use as soon as the site is
ready for planting.
Work on the new campus of the
University of California, Southern
Branch, at Westwood, a suburb of Los
Angeles, is well under way with plans
for two buildings already ordered by
the Board of Regents. A library and
an auditorium and general classroom
structure are being rushed to comple
tion, plans for the other units being
considered in the meantime. A nur
sery has been established where thou
sands of plants and shrubs are being
grown for use as soon as the site is
ready for planting.
Work on the new campus of the
University of California, Southern
Branch, at Westwood, a suburb of Los
Angeles, is well under way with plans
for two buildings already ordered by
the Board of Regents. A library and
an auditorium and general classroom
structure are being rushed to comple
tion, plans for the other units being
considered in the meantime. A nur
sery has been established where thou
sands of plants and shrubs are being
grown for use as soon as the site is
ready for planting.
Work on the new campus of the
University of California, Southern
Branch, at Westwood, a suburb of Los
Angeles, is well under way with plans
for two buildings already ordered by
the Board of Regents. A library and
an auditorium and general classroom
structure are being rushed to comple
tion, plans for the other units being
considered in the meantime. A nur
sery has been established where thou
sands of plants and shrubs are being
grown for use as soon as the site is
ready for planting.
Work on the new campus of the
University of California, Southern
Branch, at Westwood, a suburb of Los
Angeles, is well under way with plans
for two buildings already ordered by
the Board of Regents. A library and
an auditorium and general classroom
structure are being rushed to comple
tion, plans for the other units being
considered in the meantime. A nur
sery has been established where thou
sands of plants and shrubs are being
grown for use as soon as the site is
ready for planting.
Work on the new campus of the
University of California, Southern
Branch, at Westwood, a suburb of Los
Angeles, is well under way with plans
for two buildings already ordered by
the Board of Regents. A library and
an auditorium and general classroom
structure are being rushed to comple
tion, plans for the other units being
considered in the meantime. A nur
sery has been established where thou
sands of plants and shrubs are being
grown for use as soon as the site is
ready for planting.
Work on the new campus of the
University of California, Southern
Branch, at Westwood, a suburb of Los
Angeles, is well under way with plans
for two buildings already ordered by
the Board of Regents. A library and
an auditorium and general classroom
structure are being rushed to comple
tion, plans for the other units being
considered in the meantime. A nur
sery has been established where thou
sands of plants and shrubs are being
grown for use as soon as the site is
ready for planting.
