# Percy A. Martin Speaks to Palo Alto Business Women
## 
### 
Professor Percy A. Martin of the
History department, who recently re
turned from South America, spoke in
formally last night at a dinner meet
ing of the Palo Alto Business and Pro
fessional Women's Club held at their
clubhouse.
Professor Percy A. Martin of the
History department, who recently re
turned from South America, spoke in
formally last night at a dinner meet
ing of the Palo Alto Business and Pro
fessional Women's Club held at their
clubhouse.
Professor Percy A. Martin of the
History department, who recently re
turned from South America, spoke in
formally last night at a dinner meet
ing of the Palo Alto Business and Pro
fessional Women's Club held at their
clubhouse.
Professor Percy A. Martin of the
History department, who recently re
turned from South America, spoke in
formally last night at a dinner meet
ing of the Palo Alto Business and Pro
fessional Women's Club held at their
clubhouse.
Professor Percy A. Martin of the
History department, who recently re
turned from South America, spoke in
formally last night at a dinner meet
ing of the Palo Alto Business and Pro
fessional Women's Club held at their
clubhouse.
Professor Percy A. Martin of the
History department, who recently re
turned from South America, spoke in
formally last night at a dinner meet
ing of the Palo Alto Business and Pro
fessional Women's Club held at their
clubhouse.
Professor Percy A. Martin of the
History department, who recently re
turned from South America, spoke in
formally last night at a dinner meet
ing of the Palo Alto Business and Pro
fessional Women's Club held at their
clubhouse.
Professor Percy A. Martin of the
History department, who recently re
turned from South America, spoke in
formally last night at a dinner meet
ing of the Palo Alto Business and Pro
fessional Women's Club held at their
clubhouse.
Professor Percy A. Martin of the
History department, who recently re
turned from South America, spoke in
formally last night at a dinner meet
ing of the Palo Alto Business and Pro
fessional Women's Club held at their
clubhouse.
Professor Percy A. Martin of the
History department, who recently re
turned from South America, spoke in
formally last night at a dinner meet
ing of the Palo Alto Business and Pro
fessional Women's Club held at their
clubhouse.
Professor Percy A. Martin of the
History department, who recently re
turned from South America, spoke in
formally last night at a dinner meet
ing of the Palo Alto Business and Pro
fessional Women's Club held at their
clubhouse.
Professor Percy A. Martin of the
History department, who recently re
turned from South America, spoke in
formally last night at a dinner meet
ing of the Palo Alto Business and Pro
fessional Women's Club held at their
clubhouse.
Professor Percy A. Martin of the
History department, who recently re
turned from South America, spoke in
formally last night at a dinner meet
ing of the Palo Alto Business and Pro
fessional Women's Club held at their
clubhouse.
Professor Percy A. Martin of the
History department, who recently re
turned from South America, spoke in
formally last night at a dinner meet
ing of the Palo Alto Business and Pro
fessional Women's Club held at their
clubhouse.
Professor Percy A. Martin of the
History department, who recently re
turned from South America, spoke in
formally last night at a dinner meet
ing of the Palo Alto Business and Pro
fessional Women's Club held at their
clubhouse.
