# Marcel Touwaide Speaks At Geology Journal Club
## 
### 
A review by Marcel Touwaide of Mi
ner's "Sedimentary Petrography" and
"Supplement to Sedimentary Petrogra
phy" was given last night at the meet
ing of the Journal Club of the Depart
ment of Geology.
A review by Marcel Touwaide of Mi
ner's "Sedimentary Petrography" and
"Supplement to Sedimentary Petrogra
phy" was given last night at the meet
ing of the Journal Club of the Depart
ment of Geology.
A review by Marcel Touwaide of Mi
ner's "Sedimentary Petrography" and
"Supplement to Sedimentary Petrogra
phy" was given last night at the meet
ing of the Journal Club of the Depart
ment of Geology.
A review by Marcel Touwaide of Mi
ner's "Sedimentary Petrography" and
"Supplement to Sedimentary Petrogra
phy" was given last night at the meet
ing of the Journal Club of the Depart
ment of Geology.
A review by Marcel Touwaide of Mi
ner's "Sedimentary Petrography" and
"Supplement to Sedimentary Petrogra
phy" was given last night at the meet
ing of the Journal Club of the Depart
ment of Geology.
A review by Marcel Touwaide of Mi
ner's "Sedimentary Petrography" and
"Supplement to Sedimentary Petrogra
phy" was given last night at the meet
ing of the Journal Club of the Depart
ment of Geology.
A review by Marcel Touwaide of Mi
ner's "Sedimentary Petrography" and
"Supplement to Sedimentary Petrogra
phy" was given last night at the meet
ing of the Journal Club of the Depart
ment of Geology.
A review by Marcel Touwaide of Mi
ner's "Sedimentary Petrography" and
"Supplement to Sedimentary Petrogra
phy" was given last night at the meet
ing of the Journal Club of the Depart
ment of Geology.
A review by Marcel Touwaide of Mi
ner's "Sedimentary Petrography" and
"Supplement to Sedimentary Petrogra
phy" was given last night at the meet
ing of the Journal Club of the Depart
ment of Geology.
A review by Marcel Touwaide of Mi
ner's "Sedimentary Petrography" and
"Supplement to Sedimentary Petrogra
phy" was given last night at the meet
ing of the Journal Club of the Depart
ment of Geology.
A review by Marcel Touwaide of Mi
ner's "Sedimentary Petrography" and
"Supplement to Sedimentary Petrogra
phy" was given last night at the meet
ing of the Journal Club of the Depart
ment of Geology.
A review by Marcel Touwaide of Mi
ner's "Sedimentary Petrography" and
"Supplement to Sedimentary Petrogra
phy" was given last night at the meet
ing of the Journal Club of the Depart
ment of Geology.
A review by Marcel Touwaide of Mi
ner's "Sedimentary Petrography" and
"Supplement to Sedimentary Petrogra
phy" was given last night at the meet
ing of the Journal Club of the Depart
ment of Geology.
A review by Marcel Touwaide of Mi
ner's "Sedimentary Petrography" and
"Supplement to Sedimentary Petrogra
phy" was given last night at the meet
ing of the Journal Club of the Depart
ment of Geology.
A review by Marcel Touwaide of Mi
ner's "Sedimentary Petrography" and
"Supplement to Sedimentary Petrogra
phy" was given last night at the meet
ing of the Journal Club of the Depart
ment of Geology.
