# INTRAMURALS
## Basketball Added In Enema League 
### 
Nairne Ward, Eneina Hall intra
mural chairman, announced yester
day that be is preparing a schedule
lor inter-hall basketball.
"However," Ward said, "only six
teams from the various floors have
signed up."
Ward expressed the feeling that
more teams-should sign up. Wing
intramural chairmen who wish to
sign up teams should contact Ward
in room '104 in Encina before next
Tuesday.
VOLLEYBALL STANDINGS
Won Lost Pet.
RA's 2 0 1.000
2 2 i.(;«<;
3EA 2 1 .«(•«
3W 2 1 . (!(>(>
4WA 2 1 . f>C(i
5 1 1 .500
3EB 0 3 .000
IWB 0 3 .000
Nairne Ward, Eneina Hall intra
mural chairman, announced yester
day that be is preparing a schedule
lor inter-hall basketball.
"However," Ward said, "only six
teams from the various floors have
signed up."
Ward expressed the feeling that
more teams-should sign up. Wing
intramural chairmen who wish to
sign up teams should contact Ward
in room '104 in Encina before next
Tuesday.
VOLLEYBALL STANDINGS
Won Lost Pet.
RA's 2 0 1.000
2 2 i.(;«<;
3EA 2 1 .«(•«
3W 2 1 . (!(>(>
4WA 2 1 . f>C(i
5 1 1 .500
3EB 0 3 .000
IWB 0 3 .000
Nairne Ward, Eneina Hall intra
mural chairman, announced yester
day that be is preparing a schedule
lor inter-hall basketball.
"However," Ward said, "only six
teams from the various floors have
signed up."
Ward expressed the feeling that
more teams-should sign up. Wing
intramural chairmen who wish to
sign up teams should contact Ward
in room '104 in Encina before next
Tuesday.
VOLLEYBALL STANDINGS
Won Lost Pet.
RA's 2 0 1.000
2 2 i.(;«<;
3EA 2 1 .«(•«
3W 2 1 . (!(>(>
4WA 2 1 . f>C(i
5 1 1 .500
3EB 0 3 .000
IWB 0 3 .000
Nairne Ward, Eneina Hall intra
mural chairman, announced yester
day that be is preparing a schedule
lor inter-hall basketball.
"However," Ward said, "only six
teams from the various floors have
signed up."
Ward expressed the feeling that
more teams-should sign up. Wing
intramural chairmen who wish to
sign up teams should contact Ward
in room '104 in Encina before next
Tuesday.
VOLLEYBALL STANDINGS
Won Lost Pet.
RA's 2 0 1.000
2 2 i.(;«<;
3EA 2 1 .«(•«
3W 2 1 . (!(>(>
4WA 2 1 . f>C(i
5 1 1 .500
3EB 0 3 .000
IWB 0 3 .000
Nairne Ward, Eneina Hall intra
mural chairman, announced yester
day that be is preparing a schedule
lor inter-hall basketball.
"However," Ward said, "only six
teams from the various floors have
signed up."
Ward expressed the feeling that
more teams-should sign up. Wing
intramural chairmen who wish to
sign up teams should contact Ward
in room '104 in Encina before next
Tuesday.
VOLLEYBALL STANDINGS
Won Lost Pet.
RA's 2 0 1.000
2 2 i.(;«<;
3EA 2 1 .«(•«
3W 2 1 . (!(>(>
4WA 2 1 . f>C(i
5 1 1 .500
3EB 0 3 .000
IWB 0 3 .000
Nairne Ward, Eneina Hall intra
mural chairman, announced yester
day that be is preparing a schedule
lor inter-hall basketball.
"However," Ward said, "only six
teams from the various floors have
signed up."
Ward expressed the feeling that
more teams-should sign up. Wing
intramural chairmen who wish to
sign up teams should contact Ward
in room '104 in Encina before next
Tuesday.
VOLLEYBALL STANDINGS
Won Lost Pet.
RA's 2 0 1.000
2 2 i.(;«<;
3EA 2 1 .«(•«
3W 2 1 . (!(>(>
4WA 2 1 . f>C(i
5 1 1 .500
3EB 0 3 .000
IWB 0 3 .000
Nairne Ward, Eneina Hall intra
mural chairman, announced yester
day that be is preparing a schedule
lor inter-hall basketball.
"However," Ward said, "only six
teams from the various floors have
signed up."
Ward expressed the feeling that
more teams-should sign up. Wing
intramural chairmen who wish to
sign up teams should contact Ward
in room '104 in Encina before next
Tuesday.
VOLLEYBALL STANDINGS
Won Lost Pet.
RA's 2 0 1.000
2 2 i.(;«<;
3EA 2 1 .«(•«
3W 2 1 . (!(>(>
4WA 2 1 . f>C(i
5 1 1 .500
3EB 0 3 .000
IWB 0 3 .000
Nairne Ward, Eneina Hall intra
mural chairman, announced yester
day that be is preparing a schedule
lor inter-hall basketball.
"However," Ward said, "only six
teams from the various floors have
signed up."
Ward expressed the feeling that
more teams-should sign up. Wing
intramural chairmen who wish to
sign up teams should contact Ward
in room '104 in Encina before next
Tuesday.
VOLLEYBALL STANDINGS
Won Lost Pet.
RA's 2 0 1.000
2 2 i.(;«<;
3EA 2 1 .«(•«
3W 2 1 . (!(>(>
4WA 2 1 . f>C(i
5 1 1 .500
3EB 0 3 .000
IWB 0 3 .000
Nairne Ward, Eneina Hall intra
mural chairman, announced yester
day that be is preparing a schedule
lor inter-hall basketball.
"However," Ward said, "only six
teams from the various floors have
signed up."
Ward expressed the feeling that
more teams-should sign up. Wing
intramural chairmen who wish to
sign up teams should contact Ward
in room '104 in Encina before next
Tuesday.
VOLLEYBALL STANDINGS
Won Lost Pet.
RA's 2 0 1.000
2 2 i.(;«<;
3EA 2 1 .«(•«
3W 2 1 . (!(>(>
4WA 2 1 . f>C(i
5 1 1 .500
3EB 0 3 .000
IWB 0 3 .000
Nairne Ward, Eneina Hall intra
mural chairman, announced yester
day that be is preparing a schedule
lor inter-hall basketball.
"However," Ward said, "only six
teams from the various floors have
signed up."
Ward expressed the feeling that
more teams-should sign up. Wing
intramural chairmen who wish to
sign up teams should contact Ward
in room '104 in Encina before next
Tuesday.
VOLLEYBALL STANDINGS
Won Lost Pet.
RA's 2 0 1.000
2 2 i.(;«<;
3EA 2 1 .«(•«
3W 2 1 . (!(>(>
4WA 2 1 . f>C(i
5 1 1 .500
3EB 0 3 .000
IWB 0 3 .000
Nairne Ward, Eneina Hall intra
mural chairman, announced yester
day that be is preparing a schedule
lor inter-hall basketball.
"However," Ward said, "only six
teams from the various floors have
signed up."
Ward expressed the feeling that
more teams-should sign up. Wing
intramural chairmen who wish to
sign up teams should contact Ward
in room '104 in Encina before next
Tuesday.
VOLLEYBALL STANDINGS
Won Lost Pet.
RA's 2 0 1.000
2 2 i.(;«<;
3EA 2 1 .«(•«
3W 2 1 . (!(>(>
4WA 2 1 . f>C(i
5 1 1 .500
3EB 0 3 .000
IWB 0 3 .000
Nairne Ward, Eneina Hall intra
mural chairman, announced yester
day that be is preparing a schedule
lor inter-hall basketball.
"However," Ward said, "only six
teams from the various floors have
signed up."
Ward expressed the feeling that
more teams-should sign up. Wing
intramural chairmen who wish to
sign up teams should contact Ward
in room '104 in Encina before next
Tuesday.
VOLLEYBALL STANDINGS
Won Lost Pet.
RA's 2 0 1.000
2 2 i.(;«<;
3EA 2 1 .«(•«
3W 2 1 . (!(>(>
4WA 2 1 . f>C(i
5 1 1 .500
3EB 0 3 .000
IWB 0 3 .000
Nairne Ward, Eneina Hall intra
mural chairman, announced yester
day that be is preparing a schedule
lor inter-hall basketball.
"However," Ward said, "only six
teams from the various floors have
signed up."
Ward expressed the feeling that
more teams-should sign up. Wing
intramural chairmen who wish to
sign up teams should contact Ward
in room '104 in Encina before next
Tuesday.
VOLLEYBALL STANDINGS
Won Lost Pet.
RA's 2 0 1.000
2 2 i.(;«<;
3EA 2 1 .«(•«
3W 2 1 . (!(>(>
4WA 2 1 . f>C(i
5 1 1 .500
3EB 0 3 .000
IWB 0 3 .000
Nairne Ward, Eneina Hall intra
mural chairman, announced yester
day that be is preparing a schedule
lor inter-hall basketball.
"However," Ward said, "only six
teams from the various floors have
signed up."
Ward expressed the feeling that
more teams-should sign up. Wing
intramural chairmen who wish to
sign up teams should contact Ward
in room '104 in Encina before next
Tuesday.
VOLLEYBALL STANDINGS
Won Lost Pet.
RA's 2 0 1.000
2 2 i.(;«<;
3EA 2 1 .«(•«
3W 2 1 . (!(>(>
4WA 2 1 . f>C(i
5 1 1 .500
3EB 0 3 .000
IWB 0 3 .000
