# Untitled Article
## 
### 

"By George, Henley, for the last two months I thought you'd
swiped my copy of "Love Life," —an' all the time it's been up
here with my text books."

"By George, Henley, for the last two months I thought you'd
swiped my copy of "Love Life," —an' all the time it's been up
here with my text books."

"By George, Henley, for the last two months I thought you'd
swiped my copy of "Love Life," —an' all the time it's been up
here with my text books."

"By George, Henley, for the last two months I thought you'd
swiped my copy of "Love Life," —an' all the time it's been up
here with my text books."

"By George, Henley, for the last two months I thought you'd
swiped my copy of "Love Life," —an' all the time it's been up
here with my text books."

"By George, Henley, for the last two months I thought you'd
swiped my copy of "Love Life," —an' all the time it's been up
here with my text books."

"By George, Henley, for the last two months I thought you'd
swiped my copy of "Love Life," —an' all the time it's been up
here with my text books."

"By George, Henley, for the last two months I thought you'd
swiped my copy of "Love Life," —an' all the time it's been up
here with my text books."

"By George, Henley, for the last two months I thought you'd
swiped my copy of "Love Life," —an' all the time it's been up
here with my text books."

"By George, Henley, for the last two months I thought you'd
swiped my copy of "Love Life," —an' all the time it's been up
here with my text books."

"By George, Henley, for the last two months I thought you'd
swiped my copy of "Love Life," —an' all the time it's been up
here with my text books."

"By George, Henley, for the last two months I thought you'd
swiped my copy of "Love Life," —an' all the time it's been up
here with my text books."

"By George, Henley, for the last two months I thought you'd
swiped my copy of "Love Life," —an' all the time it's been up
here with my text books."

"By George, Henley, for the last two months I thought you'd
swiped my copy of "Love Life," —an' all the time it's been up
here with my text books."

"By George, Henley, for the last two months I thought you'd
swiped my copy of "Love Life," —an' all the time it's been up
here with my text books."
