# ALUM EXECUTIVE DIES
## 
### 
Funeral services were held Satur
day in Pomona for Alex W. Davis",
member of the executive board of
the Stanford Alumni Association.
Mr. Davis died in Los Angeles on
Thursday of a heart attack.
Mr. Davis was a prominent Los
Angeles attorney and former presi
dent of the Los Angeles Bar Asso
ciation. He was graduated from
Stanford in 1914 with the A.B. de
gree and was awarded the J.D. de
gree in 1916.
Funeral services were held Satur
day in Pomona for Alex W. Davis",
member of the executive board of
the Stanford Alumni Association.
Mr. Davis died in Los Angeles on
Thursday of a heart attack.
Mr. Davis was a prominent Los
Angeles attorney and former presi
dent of the Los Angeles Bar Asso
ciation. He was graduated from
Stanford in 1914 with the A.B. de
gree and was awarded the J.D. de
gree in 1916.
Funeral services were held Satur
day in Pomona for Alex W. Davis",
member of the executive board of
the Stanford Alumni Association.
Mr. Davis died in Los Angeles on
Thursday of a heart attack.
Mr. Davis was a prominent Los
Angeles attorney and former presi
dent of the Los Angeles Bar Asso
ciation. He was graduated from
Stanford in 1914 with the A.B. de
gree and was awarded the J.D. de
gree in 1916.
Funeral services were held Satur
day in Pomona for Alex W. Davis",
member of the executive board of
the Stanford Alumni Association.
Mr. Davis died in Los Angeles on
Thursday of a heart attack.
Mr. Davis was a prominent Los
Angeles attorney and former presi
dent of the Los Angeles Bar Asso
ciation. He was graduated from
Stanford in 1914 with the A.B. de
gree and was awarded the J.D. de
gree in 1916.
Funeral services were held Satur
day in Pomona for Alex W. Davis",
member of the executive board of
the Stanford Alumni Association.
Mr. Davis died in Los Angeles on
Thursday of a heart attack.
Mr. Davis was a prominent Los
Angeles attorney and former presi
dent of the Los Angeles Bar Asso
ciation. He was graduated from
Stanford in 1914 with the A.B. de
gree and was awarded the J.D. de
gree in 1916.
Funeral services were held Satur
day in Pomona for Alex W. Davis",
member of the executive board of
the Stanford Alumni Association.
Mr. Davis died in Los Angeles on
Thursday of a heart attack.
Mr. Davis was a prominent Los
Angeles attorney and former presi
dent of the Los Angeles Bar Asso
ciation. He was graduated from
Stanford in 1914 with the A.B. de
gree and was awarded the J.D. de
gree in 1916.
Funeral services were held Satur
day in Pomona for Alex W. Davis",
member of the executive board of
the Stanford Alumni Association.
Mr. Davis died in Los Angeles on
Thursday of a heart attack.
Mr. Davis was a prominent Los
Angeles attorney and former presi
dent of the Los Angeles Bar Asso
ciation. He was graduated from
Stanford in 1914 with the A.B. de
gree and was awarded the J.D. de
gree in 1916.
Funeral services were held Satur
day in Pomona for Alex W. Davis",
member of the executive board of
the Stanford Alumni Association.
Mr. Davis died in Los Angeles on
Thursday of a heart attack.
Mr. Davis was a prominent Los
Angeles attorney and former presi
dent of the Los Angeles Bar Asso
ciation. He was graduated from
Stanford in 1914 with the A.B. de
gree and was awarded the J.D. de
gree in 1916.
Funeral services were held Satur
day in Pomona for Alex W. Davis",
member of the executive board of
the Stanford Alumni Association.
Mr. Davis died in Los Angeles on
Thursday of a heart attack.
Mr. Davis was a prominent Los
Angeles attorney and former presi
dent of the Los Angeles Bar Asso
ciation. He was graduated from
Stanford in 1914 with the A.B. de
gree and was awarded the J.D. de
gree in 1916.
Funeral services were held Satur
day in Pomona for Alex W. Davis",
member of the executive board of
the Stanford Alumni Association.
Mr. Davis died in Los Angeles on
Thursday of a heart attack.
Mr. Davis was a prominent Los
Angeles attorney and former presi
dent of the Los Angeles Bar Asso
ciation. He was graduated from
Stanford in 1914 with the A.B. de
gree and was awarded the J.D. de
gree in 1916.
Funeral services were held Satur
day in Pomona for Alex W. Davis",
member of the executive board of
the Stanford Alumni Association.
Mr. Davis died in Los Angeles on
Thursday of a heart attack.
Mr. Davis was a prominent Los
Angeles attorney and former presi
dent of the Los Angeles Bar Asso
ciation. He was graduated from
Stanford in 1914 with the A.B. de
gree and was awarded the J.D. de
gree in 1916.
Funeral services were held Satur
day in Pomona for Alex W. Davis",
member of the executive board of
the Stanford Alumni Association.
Mr. Davis died in Los Angeles on
Thursday of a heart attack.
Mr. Davis was a prominent Los
Angeles attorney and former presi
dent of the Los Angeles Bar Asso
ciation. He was graduated from
Stanford in 1914 with the A.B. de
gree and was awarded the J.D. de
gree in 1916.
Funeral services were held Satur
day in Pomona for Alex W. Davis",
member of the executive board of
the Stanford Alumni Association.
Mr. Davis died in Los Angeles on
Thursday of a heart attack.
Mr. Davis was a prominent Los
Angeles attorney and former presi
dent of the Los Angeles Bar Asso
ciation. He was graduated from
Stanford in 1914 with the A.B. de
gree and was awarded the J.D. de
gree in 1916.
Funeral services were held Satur
day in Pomona for Alex W. Davis",
member of the executive board of
the Stanford Alumni Association.
Mr. Davis died in Los Angeles on
Thursday of a heart attack.
Mr. Davis was a prominent Los
Angeles attorney and former presi
dent of the Los Angeles Bar Asso
ciation. He was graduated from
Stanford in 1914 with the A.B. de
gree and was awarded the J.D. de
gree in 1916.
Funeral services were held Satur
day in Pomona for Alex W. Davis",
member of the executive board of
the Stanford Alumni Association.
Mr. Davis died in Los Angeles on
Thursday of a heart attack.
Mr. Davis was a prominent Los
Angeles attorney and former presi
dent of the Los Angeles Bar Asso
ciation. He was graduated from
Stanford in 1914 with the A.B. de
gree and was awarded the J.D. de
gree in 1916.
