# SOPHOMORES GIVE MONEY.
## One Hundred Dollars Donated For the Construction of New Bleachers. 
### 
At a meeting of the Sophomore
class this afternoon, the Sophomore
play committee made its report and
showed a balance of $656.37 after
all expenses were paid. This is the
largest amount ever made by a Soph
omore play.
A motion was made and carried
that a vote of thanks be given to
the coach and committee for the
splendid way in which all their
transactions were carried out. After
this motion, another one was made,
that the committee and cast receive
something more substantial than
mere thanks and the chairman was
authorized to make preparations for
a banquet for the cast and commit
tee.
C. W. Mason, manager of the 1910
"Quad," asked that $100 be set
aside as a loan to the manager, for
the expenses of the "Quad" board
and manager during the remainder
of this semester. A motion witts
made and passed that the class do
nate $100 to the new track bleacher
fund.
On the resignation of C. H. Hails,
chairman of the 1910 "Quad" com
mittee board, J. B. Bubb has been
appointed chairman of the above
committee. This committee acts as
an advisory board In all the under
takings of the 1910 manager and
editor.
At a meeting of the Sophomore
class this afternoon, the Sophomore
play committee made its report and
showed a balance of $656.37 after
all expenses were paid. This is the
largest amount ever made by a Soph
omore play.
A motion was made and carried
that a vote of thanks be given to
the coach and committee for the
splendid way in which all their
transactions were carried out. After
this motion, another one was made,
that the committee and cast receive
something more substantial than
mere thanks and the chairman was
authorized to make preparations for
a banquet for the cast and commit
tee.
C. W. Mason, manager of the 1910
"Quad," asked that $100 be set
aside as a loan to the manager, for
the expenses of the "Quad" board
and manager during the remainder
of this semester. A motion witts
made and passed that the class do
nate $100 to the new track bleacher
fund.
On the resignation of C. H. Hails,
chairman of the 1910 "Quad" com
mittee board, J. B. Bubb has been
appointed chairman of the above
committee. This committee acts as
an advisory board In all the under
takings of the 1910 manager and
editor.
At a meeting of the Sophomore
class this afternoon, the Sophomore
play committee made its report and
showed a balance of $656.37 after
all expenses were paid. This is the
largest amount ever made by a Soph
omore play.
A motion was made and carried
that a vote of thanks be given to
the coach and committee for the
splendid way in which all their
transactions were carried out. After
this motion, another one was made,
that the committee and cast receive
something more substantial than
mere thanks and the chairman was
authorized to make preparations for
a banquet for the cast and commit
tee.
C. W. Mason, manager of the 1910
"Quad," asked that $100 be set
aside as a loan to the manager, for
the expenses of the "Quad" board
and manager during the remainder
of this semester. A motion witts
made and passed that the class do
nate $100 to the new track bleacher
fund.
On the resignation of C. H. Hails,
chairman of the 1910 "Quad" com
mittee board, J. B. Bubb has been
appointed chairman of the above
committee. This committee acts as
an advisory board In all the under
takings of the 1910 manager and
editor.
At a meeting of the Sophomore
class this afternoon, the Sophomore
play committee made its report and
showed a balance of $656.37 after
all expenses were paid. This is the
largest amount ever made by a Soph
omore play.
A motion was made and carried
that a vote of thanks be given to
the coach and committee for the
splendid way in which all their
transactions were carried out. After
this motion, another one was made,
that the committee and cast receive
something more substantial than
mere thanks and the chairman was
authorized to make preparations for
a banquet for the cast and commit
tee.
C. W. Mason, manager of the 1910
"Quad," asked that $100 be set
aside as a loan to the manager, for
the expenses of the "Quad" board
and manager during the remainder
of this semester. A motion witts
made and passed that the class do
nate $100 to the new track bleacher
fund.
On the resignation of C. H. Hails,
chairman of the 1910 "Quad" com
mittee board, J. B. Bubb has been
appointed chairman of the above
committee. This committee acts as
an advisory board In all the under
takings of the 1910 manager and
editor.
At a meeting of the Sophomore
class this afternoon, the Sophomore
play committee made its report and
showed a balance of $656.37 after
all expenses were paid. This is the
largest amount ever made by a Soph
omore play.
A motion was made and carried
that a vote of thanks be given to
the coach and committee for the
splendid way in which all their
transactions were carried out. After
this motion, another one was made,
that the committee and cast receive
something more substantial than
mere thanks and the chairman was
authorized to make preparations for
a banquet for the cast and commit
tee.
C. W. Mason, manager of the 1910
"Quad," asked that $100 be set
aside as a loan to the manager, for
the expenses of the "Quad" board
and manager during the remainder
of this semester. A motion witts
made and passed that the class do
nate $100 to the new track bleacher
fund.
On the resignation of C. H. Hails,
chairman of the 1910 "Quad" com
mittee board, J. B. Bubb has been
appointed chairman of the above
committee. This committee acts as
an advisory board In all the under
takings of the 1910 manager and
editor.
At a meeting of the Sophomore
class this afternoon, the Sophomore
play committee made its report and
showed a balance of $656.37 after
all expenses were paid. This is the
largest amount ever made by a Soph
omore play.
A motion was made and carried
that a vote of thanks be given to
the coach and committee for the
splendid way in which all their
transactions were carried out. After
this motion, another one was made,
that the committee and cast receive
something more substantial than
mere thanks and the chairman was
authorized to make preparations for
a banquet for the cast and commit
tee.
C. W. Mason, manager of the 1910
"Quad," asked that $100 be set
aside as a loan to the manager, for
the expenses of the "Quad" board
and manager during the remainder
of this semester. A motion witts
made and passed that the class do
nate $100 to the new track bleacher
fund.
On the resignation of C. H. Hails,
chairman of the 1910 "Quad" com
mittee board, J. B. Bubb has been
appointed chairman of the above
committee. This committee acts as
an advisory board In all the under
takings of the 1910 manager and
editor.
At a meeting of the Sophomore
class this afternoon, the Sophomore
play committee made its report and
showed a balance of $656.37 after
all expenses were paid. This is the
largest amount ever made by a Soph
omore play.
A motion was made and carried
that a vote of thanks be given to
the coach and committee for the
splendid way in which all their
transactions were carried out. After
this motion, another one was made,
that the committee and cast receive
something more substantial than
mere thanks and the chairman was
authorized to make preparations for
a banquet for the cast and commit
tee.
C. W. Mason, manager of the 1910
"Quad," asked that $100 be set
aside as a loan to the manager, for
the expenses of the "Quad" board
and manager during the remainder
of this semester. A motion witts
made and passed that the class do
nate $100 to the new track bleacher
fund.
On the resignation of C. H. Hails,
chairman of the 1910 "Quad" com
mittee board, J. B. Bubb has been
appointed chairman of the above
committee. This committee acts as
an advisory board In all the under
takings of the 1910 manager and
editor.
At a meeting of the Sophomore
class this afternoon, the Sophomore
play committee made its report and
showed a balance of $656.37 after
all expenses were paid. This is the
largest amount ever made by a Soph
omore play.
A motion was made and carried
that a vote of thanks be given to
the coach and committee for the
splendid way in which all their
transactions were carried out. After
this motion, another one was made,
that the committee and cast receive
something more substantial than
mere thanks and the chairman was
authorized to make preparations for
a banquet for the cast and commit
tee.
C. W. Mason, manager of the 1910
"Quad," asked that $100 be set
aside as a loan to the manager, for
the expenses of the "Quad" board
and manager during the remainder
of this semester. A motion witts
made and passed that the class do
nate $100 to the new track bleacher
fund.
On the resignation of C. H. Hails,
chairman of the 1910 "Quad" com
mittee board, J. B. Bubb has been
appointed chairman of the above
committee. This committee acts as
an advisory board In all the under
takings of the 1910 manager and
editor.
At a meeting of the Sophomore
class this afternoon, the Sophomore
play committee made its report and
showed a balance of $656.37 after
all expenses were paid. This is the
largest amount ever made by a Soph
omore play.
A motion was made and carried
that a vote of thanks be given to
the coach and committee for the
splendid way in which all their
transactions were carried out. After
this motion, another one was made,
that the committee and cast receive
something more substantial than
mere thanks and the chairman was
authorized to make preparations for
a banquet for the cast and commit
tee.
C. W. Mason, manager of the 1910
"Quad," asked that $100 be set
aside as a loan to the manager, for
the expenses of the "Quad" board
and manager during the remainder
of this semester. A motion witts
made and passed that the class do
nate $100 to the new track bleacher
fund.
On the resignation of C. H. Hails,
chairman of the 1910 "Quad" com
mittee board, J. B. Bubb has been
appointed chairman of the above
committee. This committee acts as
an advisory board In all the under
takings of the 1910 manager and
editor.
At a meeting of the Sophomore
class this afternoon, the Sophomore
play committee made its report and
showed a balance of $656.37 after
all expenses were paid. This is the
largest amount ever made by a Soph
omore play.
A motion was made and carried
that a vote of thanks be given to
the coach and committee for the
splendid way in which all their
transactions were carried out. After
this motion, another one was made,
that the committee and cast receive
something more substantial than
mere thanks and the chairman was
authorized to make preparations for
a banquet for the cast and commit
tee.
C. W. Mason, manager of the 1910
"Quad," asked that $100 be set
aside as a loan to the manager, for
the expenses of the "Quad" board
and manager during the remainder
of this semester. A motion witts
made and passed that the class do
nate $100 to the new track bleacher
fund.
On the resignation of C. H. Hails,
chairman of the 1910 "Quad" com
mittee board, J. B. Bubb has been
appointed chairman of the above
committee. This committee acts as
an advisory board In all the under
takings of the 1910 manager and
editor.
