# Swarthmore Rejects That Bequest.
## 
### 
According |to despatches in th,e
San Francisco papers yesterday
Swarthmore College has finally re
jected the bequest of Miss Jeanes,
which provided that all intercolleg
iate athletics should be given up.
The despatches say that instead of
having a value of $3,000,000, as sup
posed, the coal lands which com
prised the bequest were found to be
worth not more than $47,000, and
possibly not more than $10,000.
According |to despatches in th,e
San Francisco papers yesterday
Swarthmore College has finally re
jected the bequest of Miss Jeanes,
which provided that all intercolleg
iate athletics should be given up.
The despatches say that instead of
having a value of $3,000,000, as sup
posed, the coal lands which com
prised the bequest were found to be
worth not more than $47,000, and
possibly not more than $10,000.
According |to despatches in th,e
San Francisco papers yesterday
Swarthmore College has finally re
jected the bequest of Miss Jeanes,
which provided that all intercolleg
iate athletics should be given up.
The despatches say that instead of
having a value of $3,000,000, as sup
posed, the coal lands which com
prised the bequest were found to be
worth not more than $47,000, and
possibly not more than $10,000.
According |to despatches in th,e
San Francisco papers yesterday
Swarthmore College has finally re
jected the bequest of Miss Jeanes,
which provided that all intercolleg
iate athletics should be given up.
The despatches say that instead of
having a value of $3,000,000, as sup
posed, the coal lands which com
prised the bequest were found to be
worth not more than $47,000, and
possibly not more than $10,000.
According |to despatches in th,e
San Francisco papers yesterday
Swarthmore College has finally re
jected the bequest of Miss Jeanes,
which provided that all intercolleg
iate athletics should be given up.
The despatches say that instead of
having a value of $3,000,000, as sup
posed, the coal lands which com
prised the bequest were found to be
worth not more than $47,000, and
possibly not more than $10,000.
According |to despatches in th,e
San Francisco papers yesterday
Swarthmore College has finally re
jected the bequest of Miss Jeanes,
which provided that all intercolleg
iate athletics should be given up.
The despatches say that instead of
having a value of $3,000,000, as sup
posed, the coal lands which com
prised the bequest were found to be
worth not more than $47,000, and
possibly not more than $10,000.
According |to despatches in th,e
San Francisco papers yesterday
Swarthmore College has finally re
jected the bequest of Miss Jeanes,
which provided that all intercolleg
iate athletics should be given up.
The despatches say that instead of
having a value of $3,000,000, as sup
posed, the coal lands which com
prised the bequest were found to be
worth not more than $47,000, and
possibly not more than $10,000.
According |to despatches in th,e
San Francisco papers yesterday
Swarthmore College has finally re
jected the bequest of Miss Jeanes,
which provided that all intercolleg
iate athletics should be given up.
The despatches say that instead of
having a value of $3,000,000, as sup
posed, the coal lands which com
prised the bequest were found to be
worth not more than $47,000, and
possibly not more than $10,000.
According |to despatches in th,e
San Francisco papers yesterday
Swarthmore College has finally re
jected the bequest of Miss Jeanes,
which provided that all intercolleg
iate athletics should be given up.
The despatches say that instead of
having a value of $3,000,000, as sup
posed, the coal lands which com
prised the bequest were found to be
worth not more than $47,000, and
possibly not more than $10,000.
According |to despatches in th,e
San Francisco papers yesterday
Swarthmore College has finally re
jected the bequest of Miss Jeanes,
which provided that all intercolleg
iate athletics should be given up.
The despatches say that instead of
having a value of $3,000,000, as sup
posed, the coal lands which com
prised the bequest were found to be
worth not more than $47,000, and
possibly not more than $10,000.
