# Picnic For Columbia Park Boys.
## 
### 
The Columbia Park Boys' Club will
be given a picnic on the banks of
Lake Lagunita at one o'clock to
morrow afternoon by the combined
sororities, together with Mantiesta
and the Walden Club.
The boys will be quartered in va
rious fraternity houses until Sun
day morning, when they return to
San Francisco. A parade will be
given on the Campus at twelve-flf
teen.
The Columbia Park Boys' Club will
be given a picnic on the banks of
Lake Lagunita at one o'clock to
morrow afternoon by the combined
sororities, together with Mantiesta
and the Walden Club.
The boys will be quartered in va
rious fraternity houses until Sun
day morning, when they return to
San Francisco. A parade will be
given on the Campus at twelve-flf
teen.
The Columbia Park Boys' Club will
be given a picnic on the banks of
Lake Lagunita at one o'clock to
morrow afternoon by the combined
sororities, together with Mantiesta
and the Walden Club.
The boys will be quartered in va
rious fraternity houses until Sun
day morning, when they return to
San Francisco. A parade will be
given on the Campus at twelve-flf
teen.
The Columbia Park Boys' Club will
be given a picnic on the banks of
Lake Lagunita at one o'clock to
morrow afternoon by the combined
sororities, together with Mantiesta
and the Walden Club.
The boys will be quartered in va
rious fraternity houses until Sun
day morning, when they return to
San Francisco. A parade will be
given on the Campus at twelve-flf
teen.
The Columbia Park Boys' Club will
be given a picnic on the banks of
Lake Lagunita at one o'clock to
morrow afternoon by the combined
sororities, together with Mantiesta
and the Walden Club.
The boys will be quartered in va
rious fraternity houses until Sun
day morning, when they return to
San Francisco. A parade will be
given on the Campus at twelve-flf
teen.
The Columbia Park Boys' Club will
be given a picnic on the banks of
Lake Lagunita at one o'clock to
morrow afternoon by the combined
sororities, together with Mantiesta
and the Walden Club.
The boys will be quartered in va
rious fraternity houses until Sun
day morning, when they return to
San Francisco. A parade will be
given on the Campus at twelve-flf
teen.
The Columbia Park Boys' Club will
be given a picnic on the banks of
Lake Lagunita at one o'clock to
morrow afternoon by the combined
sororities, together with Mantiesta
and the Walden Club.
The boys will be quartered in va
rious fraternity houses until Sun
day morning, when they return to
San Francisco. A parade will be
given on the Campus at twelve-flf
teen.
The Columbia Park Boys' Club will
be given a picnic on the banks of
Lake Lagunita at one o'clock to
morrow afternoon by the combined
sororities, together with Mantiesta
and the Walden Club.
The boys will be quartered in va
rious fraternity houses until Sun
day morning, when they return to
San Francisco. A parade will be
given on the Campus at twelve-flf
teen.
The Columbia Park Boys' Club will
be given a picnic on the banks of
Lake Lagunita at one o'clock to
morrow afternoon by the combined
sororities, together with Mantiesta
and the Walden Club.
The boys will be quartered in va
rious fraternity houses until Sun
day morning, when they return to
San Francisco. A parade will be
given on the Campus at twelve-flf
teen.
The Columbia Park Boys' Club will
be given a picnic on the banks of
Lake Lagunita at one o'clock to
morrow afternoon by the combined
sororities, together with Mantiesta
and the Walden Club.
The boys will be quartered in va
rious fraternity houses until Sun
day morning, when they return to
San Francisco. A parade will be
given on the Campus at twelve-flf
teen.
