# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
LOVER MAN
is only one of the gems
in Stan Kenton's new
"Sketches on
Standards"
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
more people
go to
HEIDELBERG'S
than
anybody
LOVER MAN
is only one of the gems
in Stan Kenton's new
"Sketches on
Standards"
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
more people
go to
HEIDELBERG'S
than
anybody
LOVER MAN
is only one of the gems
in Stan Kenton's new
"Sketches on
Standards"
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
more people
go to
HEIDELBERG'S
than
anybody
LOVER MAN
is only one of the gems
in Stan Kenton's new
"Sketches on
Standards"
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
more people
go to
HEIDELBERG'S
than
anybody
LOVER MAN
is only one of the gems
in Stan Kenton's new
"Sketches on
Standards"
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
more people
go to
HEIDELBERG'S
than
anybody
LOVER MAN
is only one of the gems
in Stan Kenton's new
"Sketches on
Standards"
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
more people
go to
HEIDELBERG'S
than
anybody
LOVER MAN
is only one of the gems
in Stan Kenton's new
"Sketches on
Standards"
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
more people
go to
HEIDELBERG'S
than
anybody
LOVER MAN
is only one of the gems
in Stan Kenton's new
"Sketches on
Standards"
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
more people
go to
HEIDELBERG'S
than
anybody
LOVER MAN
is only one of the gems
in Stan Kenton's new
"Sketches on
Standards"
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
more people
go to
HEIDELBERG'S
than
anybody
LOVER MAN
is only one of the gems
in Stan Kenton's new
"Sketches on
Standards"
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
more people
go to
HEIDELBERG'S
than
anybody
LOVER MAN
is only one of the gems
in Stan Kenton's new
"Sketches on
Standards"
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
more people
go to
HEIDELBERG'S
than
anybody
LOVER MAN
is only one of the gems
in Stan Kenton's new
"Sketches on
Standards"
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
more people
go to
HEIDELBERG'S
than
anybody
LOVER MAN
is only one of the gems
in Stan Kenton's new
"Sketches on
Standards"
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
more people
go to
HEIDELBERG'S
than
anybody
LOVER MAN
is only one of the gems
in Stan Kenton's new
"Sketches on
Standards"
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
more people
go to
HEIDELBERG'S
than
anybody
LOVER MAN
is only one of the gems
in Stan Kenton's new
"Sketches on
Standards"
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
more people
go to
HEIDELBERG'S
than
anybody
