# A 						Phi O In Return Money and Books
## 
### 
The AI pi in Phi Omega Book Ex
changc will remain open today and
tomorrow from I) l,o 12 and 1 to 4
to return money and unsold hooks
from its curly-quarter sale. The
Exchange is located in Room 100,
main floor rear in the Main Library.
Any money or hooks not claimed
hy Saturday night will be used by
Die fraternity for service projects.
The AI pi in Phi Omega Book Ex
changc will remain open today and
tomorrow from I) l,o 12 and 1 to 4
to return money and unsold hooks
from its curly-quarter sale. The
Exchange is located in Room 100,
main floor rear in the Main Library.
Any money or hooks not claimed
hy Saturday night will be used by
Die fraternity for service projects.
The AI pi in Phi Omega Book Ex
changc will remain open today and
tomorrow from I) l,o 12 and 1 to 4
to return money and unsold hooks
from its curly-quarter sale. The
Exchange is located in Room 100,
main floor rear in the Main Library.
Any money or hooks not claimed
hy Saturday night will be used by
Die fraternity for service projects.
The AI pi in Phi Omega Book Ex
changc will remain open today and
tomorrow from I) l,o 12 and 1 to 4
to return money and unsold hooks
from its curly-quarter sale. The
Exchange is located in Room 100,
main floor rear in the Main Library.
Any money or hooks not claimed
hy Saturday night will be used by
Die fraternity for service projects.
The AI pi in Phi Omega Book Ex
changc will remain open today and
tomorrow from I) l,o 12 and 1 to 4
to return money and unsold hooks
from its curly-quarter sale. The
Exchange is located in Room 100,
main floor rear in the Main Library.
Any money or hooks not claimed
hy Saturday night will be used by
Die fraternity for service projects.
The AI pi in Phi Omega Book Ex
changc will remain open today and
tomorrow from I) l,o 12 and 1 to 4
to return money and unsold hooks
from its curly-quarter sale. The
Exchange is located in Room 100,
main floor rear in the Main Library.
Any money or hooks not claimed
hy Saturday night will be used by
Die fraternity for service projects.
The AI pi in Phi Omega Book Ex
changc will remain open today and
tomorrow from I) l,o 12 and 1 to 4
to return money and unsold hooks
from its curly-quarter sale. The
Exchange is located in Room 100,
main floor rear in the Main Library.
Any money or hooks not claimed
hy Saturday night will be used by
Die fraternity for service projects.
The AI pi in Phi Omega Book Ex
changc will remain open today and
tomorrow from I) l,o 12 and 1 to 4
to return money and unsold hooks
from its curly-quarter sale. The
Exchange is located in Room 100,
main floor rear in the Main Library.
Any money or hooks not claimed
hy Saturday night will be used by
Die fraternity for service projects.
The AI pi in Phi Omega Book Ex
changc will remain open today and
tomorrow from I) l,o 12 and 1 to 4
to return money and unsold hooks
from its curly-quarter sale. The
Exchange is located in Room 100,
main floor rear in the Main Library.
Any money or hooks not claimed
hy Saturday night will be used by
Die fraternity for service projects.
The AI pi in Phi Omega Book Ex
changc will remain open today and
tomorrow from I) l,o 12 and 1 to 4
to return money and unsold hooks
from its curly-quarter sale. The
Exchange is located in Room 100,
main floor rear in the Main Library.
Any money or hooks not claimed
hy Saturday night will be used by
Die fraternity for service projects.
The AI pi in Phi Omega Book Ex
changc will remain open today and
tomorrow from I) l,o 12 and 1 to 4
to return money and unsold hooks
from its curly-quarter sale. The
Exchange is located in Room 100,
main floor rear in the Main Library.
Any money or hooks not claimed
hy Saturday night will be used by
Die fraternity for service projects.
The AI pi in Phi Omega Book Ex
changc will remain open today and
tomorrow from I) l,o 12 and 1 to 4
to return money and unsold hooks
from its curly-quarter sale. The
Exchange is located in Room 100,
main floor rear in the Main Library.
Any money or hooks not claimed
hy Saturday night will be used by
Die fraternity for service projects.
The AI pi in Phi Omega Book Ex
changc will remain open today and
tomorrow from I) l,o 12 and 1 to 4
to return money and unsold hooks
from its curly-quarter sale. The
Exchange is located in Room 100,
main floor rear in the Main Library.
Any money or hooks not claimed
hy Saturday night will be used by
Die fraternity for service projects.
The AI pi in Phi Omega Book Ex
changc will remain open today and
tomorrow from I) l,o 12 and 1 to 4
to return money and unsold hooks
from its curly-quarter sale. The
Exchange is located in Room 100,
main floor rear in the Main Library.
Any money or hooks not claimed
hy Saturday night will be used by
Die fraternity for service projects.
The AI pi in Phi Omega Book Ex
changc will remain open today and
tomorrow from I) l,o 12 and 1 to 4
to return money and unsold hooks
from its curly-quarter sale. The
Exchange is located in Room 100,
main floor rear in the Main Library.
Any money or hooks not claimed
hy Saturday night will be used by
Die fraternity for service projects.
