# SONJA HONORS TAISTO MAKI
## 
### 

FOR HIS EFFORTS in behalf of his countrymen, famed Finnish dis
tance runner Taisto Maki smiles happily as he receives a special
award, in Los Angeles, from Sonja Heme, pretty Norwegian skater
and film star.

FOR HIS EFFORTS in behalf of his countrymen, famed Finnish dis
tance runner Taisto Maki smiles happily as he receives a special
award, in Los Angeles, from Sonja Heme, pretty Norwegian skater
and film star.

FOR HIS EFFORTS in behalf of his countrymen, famed Finnish dis
tance runner Taisto Maki smiles happily as he receives a special
award, in Los Angeles, from Sonja Heme, pretty Norwegian skater
and film star.

FOR HIS EFFORTS in behalf of his countrymen, famed Finnish dis
tance runner Taisto Maki smiles happily as he receives a special
award, in Los Angeles, from Sonja Heme, pretty Norwegian skater
and film star.

FOR HIS EFFORTS in behalf of his countrymen, famed Finnish dis
tance runner Taisto Maki smiles happily as he receives a special
award, in Los Angeles, from Sonja Heme, pretty Norwegian skater
and film star.

FOR HIS EFFORTS in behalf of his countrymen, famed Finnish dis
tance runner Taisto Maki smiles happily as he receives a special
award, in Los Angeles, from Sonja Heme, pretty Norwegian skater
and film star.

FOR HIS EFFORTS in behalf of his countrymen, famed Finnish dis
tance runner Taisto Maki smiles happily as he receives a special
award, in Los Angeles, from Sonja Heme, pretty Norwegian skater
and film star.

FOR HIS EFFORTS in behalf of his countrymen, famed Finnish dis
tance runner Taisto Maki smiles happily as he receives a special
award, in Los Angeles, from Sonja Heme, pretty Norwegian skater
and film star.

FOR HIS EFFORTS in behalf of his countrymen, famed Finnish dis
tance runner Taisto Maki smiles happily as he receives a special
award, in Los Angeles, from Sonja Heme, pretty Norwegian skater
and film star.

FOR HIS EFFORTS in behalf of his countrymen, famed Finnish dis
tance runner Taisto Maki smiles happily as he receives a special
award, in Los Angeles, from Sonja Heme, pretty Norwegian skater
and film star.

FOR HIS EFFORTS in behalf of his countrymen, famed Finnish dis
tance runner Taisto Maki smiles happily as he receives a special
award, in Los Angeles, from Sonja Heme, pretty Norwegian skater
and film star.

FOR HIS EFFORTS in behalf of his countrymen, famed Finnish dis
tance runner Taisto Maki smiles happily as he receives a special
award, in Los Angeles, from Sonja Heme, pretty Norwegian skater
and film star.

FOR HIS EFFORTS in behalf of his countrymen, famed Finnish dis
tance runner Taisto Maki smiles happily as he receives a special
award, in Los Angeles, from Sonja Heme, pretty Norwegian skater
and film star.

FOR HIS EFFORTS in behalf of his countrymen, famed Finnish dis
tance runner Taisto Maki smiles happily as he receives a special
award, in Los Angeles, from Sonja Heme, pretty Norwegian skater
and film star.

FOR HIS EFFORTS in behalf of his countrymen, famed Finnish dis
tance runner Taisto Maki smiles happily as he receives a special
award, in Los Angeles, from Sonja Heme, pretty Norwegian skater
and film star.

FOR HIS EFFORTS in behalf of his countrymen, famed Finnish dis
tance runner Taisto Maki smiles happily as he receives a special
award, in Los Angeles, from Sonja Heme, pretty Norwegian skater
and film star.

FOR HIS EFFORTS in behalf of his countrymen, famed Finnish dis
tance runner Taisto Maki smiles happily as he receives a special
award, in Los Angeles, from Sonja Heme, pretty Norwegian skater
and film star.
