# KZSU
## 
### 
A panel including Professors
Linus Pauling, Alan Waterman,
and Charles Drekmeier will
discuss "The Role of the
University in a Violent
Society" on KZSU's Close-up
at 7 p.m. tonight.
A panel including Professors
Linus Pauling, Alan Waterman,
and Charles Drekmeier will
discuss "The Role of the
University in a Violent
Society" on KZSU's Close-up
at 7 p.m. tonight.
A panel including Professors
Linus Pauling, Alan Waterman,
and Charles Drekmeier will
discuss "The Role of the
University in a Violent
Society" on KZSU's Close-up
at 7 p.m. tonight.
A panel including Professors
Linus Pauling, Alan Waterman,
and Charles Drekmeier will
discuss "The Role of the
University in a Violent
Society" on KZSU's Close-up
at 7 p.m. tonight.
A panel including Professors
Linus Pauling, Alan Waterman,
and Charles Drekmeier will
discuss "The Role of the
University in a Violent
Society" on KZSU's Close-up
at 7 p.m. tonight.
A panel including Professors
Linus Pauling, Alan Waterman,
and Charles Drekmeier will
discuss "The Role of the
University in a Violent
Society" on KZSU's Close-up
at 7 p.m. tonight.
A panel including Professors
Linus Pauling, Alan Waterman,
and Charles Drekmeier will
discuss "The Role of the
University in a Violent
Society" on KZSU's Close-up
at 7 p.m. tonight.
A panel including Professors
Linus Pauling, Alan Waterman,
and Charles Drekmeier will
discuss "The Role of the
University in a Violent
Society" on KZSU's Close-up
at 7 p.m. tonight.
A panel including Professors
Linus Pauling, Alan Waterman,
and Charles Drekmeier will
discuss "The Role of the
University in a Violent
Society" on KZSU's Close-up
at 7 p.m. tonight.
A panel including Professors
Linus Pauling, Alan Waterman,
and Charles Drekmeier will
discuss "The Role of the
University in a Violent
Society" on KZSU's Close-up
at 7 p.m. tonight.
A panel including Professors
Linus Pauling, Alan Waterman,
and Charles Drekmeier will
discuss "The Role of the
University in a Violent
Society" on KZSU's Close-up
at 7 p.m. tonight.
A panel including Professors
Linus Pauling, Alan Waterman,
and Charles Drekmeier will
discuss "The Role of the
University in a Violent
Society" on KZSU's Close-up
at 7 p.m. tonight.
A panel including Professors
Linus Pauling, Alan Waterman,
and Charles Drekmeier will
discuss "The Role of the
University in a Violent
Society" on KZSU's Close-up
at 7 p.m. tonight.
