# Strike in Italy
## 
### 
KOIME Rome's city-wide trans
portation system came to a halt to
day as a Communist-led 24-hour
general strike went into cffcct
throughout Italy.
The strike order went out to some
5,000,000 members of the Commu
nist-dominated General Confedera
tion of Labor (CGIL) in protest
against the death of two peasants in
a clash with police Tuesday.
KOIME Rome's city-wide trans
portation system came to a halt to
day as a Communist-led 24-hour
general strike went into cffcct
throughout Italy.
The strike order went out to some
5,000,000 members of the Commu
nist-dominated General Confedera
tion of Labor (CGIL) in protest
against the death of two peasants in
a clash with police Tuesday.
KOIME Rome's city-wide trans
portation system came to a halt to
day as a Communist-led 24-hour
general strike went into cffcct
throughout Italy.
The strike order went out to some
5,000,000 members of the Commu
nist-dominated General Confedera
tion of Labor (CGIL) in protest
against the death of two peasants in
a clash with police Tuesday.
KOIME Rome's city-wide trans
portation system came to a halt to
day as a Communist-led 24-hour
general strike went into cffcct
throughout Italy.
The strike order went out to some
5,000,000 members of the Commu
nist-dominated General Confedera
tion of Labor (CGIL) in protest
against the death of two peasants in
a clash with police Tuesday.
KOIME Rome's city-wide trans
portation system came to a halt to
day as a Communist-led 24-hour
general strike went into cffcct
throughout Italy.
The strike order went out to some
5,000,000 members of the Commu
nist-dominated General Confedera
tion of Labor (CGIL) in protest
against the death of two peasants in
a clash with police Tuesday.
KOIME Rome's city-wide trans
portation system came to a halt to
day as a Communist-led 24-hour
general strike went into cffcct
throughout Italy.
The strike order went out to some
5,000,000 members of the Commu
nist-dominated General Confedera
tion of Labor (CGIL) in protest
against the death of two peasants in
a clash with police Tuesday.
KOIME Rome's city-wide trans
portation system came to a halt to
day as a Communist-led 24-hour
general strike went into cffcct
throughout Italy.
The strike order went out to some
5,000,000 members of the Commu
nist-dominated General Confedera
tion of Labor (CGIL) in protest
against the death of two peasants in
a clash with police Tuesday.
KOIME Rome's city-wide trans
portation system came to a halt to
day as a Communist-led 24-hour
general strike went into cffcct
throughout Italy.
The strike order went out to some
5,000,000 members of the Commu
nist-dominated General Confedera
tion of Labor (CGIL) in protest
against the death of two peasants in
a clash with police Tuesday.
KOIME Rome's city-wide trans
portation system came to a halt to
day as a Communist-led 24-hour
general strike went into cffcct
throughout Italy.
The strike order went out to some
5,000,000 members of the Commu
nist-dominated General Confedera
tion of Labor (CGIL) in protest
against the death of two peasants in
a clash with police Tuesday.
KOIME Rome's city-wide trans
portation system came to a halt to
day as a Communist-led 24-hour
general strike went into cffcct
throughout Italy.
The strike order went out to some
5,000,000 members of the Commu
nist-dominated General Confedera
tion of Labor (CGIL) in protest
against the death of two peasants in
a clash with police Tuesday.
KOIME Rome's city-wide trans
portation system came to a halt to
day as a Communist-led 24-hour
general strike went into cffcct
throughout Italy.
The strike order went out to some
5,000,000 members of the Commu
nist-dominated General Confedera
tion of Labor (CGIL) in protest
against the death of two peasants in
a clash with police Tuesday.
KOIME Rome's city-wide trans
portation system came to a halt to
day as a Communist-led 24-hour
general strike went into cffcct
throughout Italy.
The strike order went out to some
5,000,000 members of the Commu
nist-dominated General Confedera
tion of Labor (CGIL) in protest
against the death of two peasants in
a clash with police Tuesday.
KOIME Rome's city-wide trans
portation system came to a halt to
day as a Communist-led 24-hour
general strike went into cffcct
throughout Italy.
The strike order went out to some
5,000,000 members of the Commu
nist-dominated General Confedera
tion of Labor (CGIL) in protest
against the death of two peasants in
a clash with police Tuesday.
KOIME Rome's city-wide trans
portation system came to a halt to
day as a Communist-led 24-hour
general strike went into cffcct
throughout Italy.
The strike order went out to some
5,000,000 members of the Commu
nist-dominated General Confedera
tion of Labor (CGIL) in protest
against the death of two peasants in
a clash with police Tuesday.
KOIME Rome's city-wide trans
portation system came to a halt to
day as a Communist-led 24-hour
general strike went into cffcct
throughout Italy.
The strike order went out to some
5,000,000 members of the Commu
nist-dominated General Confedera
tion of Labor (CGIL) in protest
against the death of two peasants in
a clash with police Tuesday.
KOIME Rome's city-wide trans
portation system came to a halt to
day as a Communist-led 24-hour
general strike went into cffcct
throughout Italy.
The strike order went out to some
5,000,000 members of the Commu
nist-dominated General Confedera
tion of Labor (CGIL) in protest
against the death of two peasants in
a clash with police Tuesday.
