# GALIFFA FOR SHRINE
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Nov. 30 (/P) —Arnold
Galifla, Army's great quarterback,
has accepted an invitation to play
in the East - West Shrine Hospital
football game December 31 at San
Francisco.
Galilfa's acceptance was an
nounced today by Andy Kerr, head
CHICAGO, Nov. 30 (/P) —Arnold
Galifla, Army's great quarterback,
has accepted an invitation to play
in the East - West Shrine Hospital
football game December 31 at San
Francisco.
Galilfa's acceptance was an
nounced today by Andy Kerr, head
CHICAGO, Nov. 30 (/P) —Arnold
Galifla, Army's great quarterback,
has accepted an invitation to play
in the East - West Shrine Hospital
football game December 31 at San
Francisco.
Galilfa's acceptance was an
nounced today by Andy Kerr, head
CHICAGO, Nov. 30 (/P) —Arnold
Galifla, Army's great quarterback,
has accepted an invitation to play
in the East - West Shrine Hospital
football game December 31 at San
Francisco.
Galilfa's acceptance was an
nounced today by Andy Kerr, head
CHICAGO, Nov. 30 (/P) —Arnold
Galifla, Army's great quarterback,
has accepted an invitation to play
in the East - West Shrine Hospital
football game December 31 at San
Francisco.
Galilfa's acceptance was an
nounced today by Andy Kerr, head
CHICAGO, Nov. 30 (/P) —Arnold
Galifla, Army's great quarterback,
has accepted an invitation to play
in the East - West Shrine Hospital
football game December 31 at San
Francisco.
Galilfa's acceptance was an
nounced today by Andy Kerr, head
CHICAGO, Nov. 30 (/P) —Arnold
Galifla, Army's great quarterback,
has accepted an invitation to play
in the East - West Shrine Hospital
football game December 31 at San
Francisco.
Galilfa's acceptance was an
nounced today by Andy Kerr, head
CHICAGO, Nov. 30 (/P) —Arnold
Galifla, Army's great quarterback,
has accepted an invitation to play
in the East - West Shrine Hospital
football game December 31 at San
Francisco.
Galilfa's acceptance was an
nounced today by Andy Kerr, head
CHICAGO, Nov. 30 (/P) —Arnold
Galifla, Army's great quarterback,
has accepted an invitation to play
in the East - West Shrine Hospital
football game December 31 at San
Francisco.
Galilfa's acceptance was an
nounced today by Andy Kerr, head
CHICAGO, Nov. 30 (/P) —Arnold
Galifla, Army's great quarterback,
has accepted an invitation to play
in the East - West Shrine Hospital
football game December 31 at San
Francisco.
Galilfa's acceptance was an
nounced today by Andy Kerr, head
CHICAGO, Nov. 30 (/P) —Arnold
Galifla, Army's great quarterback,
has accepted an invitation to play
in the East - West Shrine Hospital
football game December 31 at San
Francisco.
Galilfa's acceptance was an
nounced today by Andy Kerr, head
CHICAGO, Nov. 30 (/P) —Arnold
Galifla, Army's great quarterback,
has accepted an invitation to play
in the East - West Shrine Hospital
football game December 31 at San
Francisco.
Galilfa's acceptance was an
nounced today by Andy Kerr, head
CHICAGO, Nov. 30 (/P) —Arnold
Galifla, Army's great quarterback,
has accepted an invitation to play
in the East - West Shrine Hospital
football game December 31 at San
Francisco.
Galilfa's acceptance was an
nounced today by Andy Kerr, head
CHICAGO, Nov. 30 (/P) —Arnold
Galifla, Army's great quarterback,
has accepted an invitation to play
in the East - West Shrine Hospital
football game December 31 at San
Francisco.
Galilfa's acceptance was an
nounced today by Andy Kerr, head
CHICAGO, Nov. 30 (/P) —Arnold
Galifla, Army's great quarterback,
has accepted an invitation to play
in the East - West Shrine Hospital
football game December 31 at San
Francisco.
Galilfa's acceptance was an
nounced today by Andy Kerr, head
CHICAGO, Nov. 30 (/P) —Arnold
Galifla, Army's great quarterback,
has accepted an invitation to play
in the East - West Shrine Hospital
football game December 31 at San
Francisco.
Galilfa's acceptance was an
nounced today by Andy Kerr, head
