# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Saralee Canfield, '52, to
Bud Rice, '48.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Saralee Canfield, '52, to
Bud Rice, '48.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Saralee Canfield, '52, to
Bud Rice, '48.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Saralee Canfield, '52, to
Bud Rice, '48.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Saralee Canfield, '52, to
Bud Rice, '48.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Saralee Canfield, '52, to
Bud Rice, '48.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Saralee Canfield, '52, to
Bud Rice, '48.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Saralee Canfield, '52, to
Bud Rice, '48.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Saralee Canfield, '52, to
Bud Rice, '48.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Saralee Canfield, '52, to
Bud Rice, '48.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Saralee Canfield, '52, to
Bud Rice, '48.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Saralee Canfield, '52, to
Bud Rice, '48.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Saralee Canfield, '52, to
Bud Rice, '48.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Saralee Canfield, '52, to
Bud Rice, '48.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Saralee Canfield, '52, to
Bud Rice, '48.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Saralee Canfield, '52, to
Bud Rice, '48.
