# Untitled Article
## 
### 

HERE IT IS: Stanford's new Law School under construction. Be
gun in October of 1948, the school is expected to be ready for
occupancy after February 1, 1950.

HERE IT IS: Stanford's new Law School under construction. Be
gun in October of 1948, the school is expected to be ready for
occupancy after February 1, 1950.

HERE IT IS: Stanford's new Law School under construction. Be
gun in October of 1948, the school is expected to be ready for
occupancy after February 1, 1950.

HERE IT IS: Stanford's new Law School under construction. Be
gun in October of 1948, the school is expected to be ready for
occupancy after February 1, 1950.

HERE IT IS: Stanford's new Law School under construction. Be
gun in October of 1948, the school is expected to be ready for
occupancy after February 1, 1950.

HERE IT IS: Stanford's new Law School under construction. Be
gun in October of 1948, the school is expected to be ready for
occupancy after February 1, 1950.

HERE IT IS: Stanford's new Law School under construction. Be
gun in October of 1948, the school is expected to be ready for
occupancy after February 1, 1950.

HERE IT IS: Stanford's new Law School under construction. Be
gun in October of 1948, the school is expected to be ready for
occupancy after February 1, 1950.

HERE IT IS: Stanford's new Law School under construction. Be
gun in October of 1948, the school is expected to be ready for
occupancy after February 1, 1950.

HERE IT IS: Stanford's new Law School under construction. Be
gun in October of 1948, the school is expected to be ready for
occupancy after February 1, 1950.

HERE IT IS: Stanford's new Law School under construction. Be
gun in October of 1948, the school is expected to be ready for
occupancy after February 1, 1950.

HERE IT IS: Stanford's new Law School under construction. Be
gun in October of 1948, the school is expected to be ready for
occupancy after February 1, 1950.

HERE IT IS: Stanford's new Law School under construction. Be
gun in October of 1948, the school is expected to be ready for
occupancy after February 1, 1950.

HERE IT IS: Stanford's new Law School under construction. Be
gun in October of 1948, the school is expected to be ready for
occupancy after February 1, 1950.

HERE IT IS: Stanford's new Law School under construction. Be
gun in October of 1948, the school is expected to be ready for
occupancy after February 1, 1950.

HERE IT IS: Stanford's new Law School under construction. Be
gun in October of 1948, the school is expected to be ready for
occupancy after February 1, 1950.
