# Station Manager Announces Staff
## 
### 
Staff assignments for KSU were
announced yesterday by Charles R.
Patton, station manager. The fol
lowing assignments for summer
quarter were made after short try
out periods:
Bill Eilers, sales and advertising
manager; Larry Frankley, program
director; Claire Banks, chief an
nouncer; Fred Terman, chief engi
neer; Clark Moore, music director;
A 1 Forbes, news director; Jeanne
Cannon, traffic manager; Audrey
Robinson, office manager; and Peg
gy Hiltz, public events officer.
Patton said that KSU will remain
on the air through Aug. 15, broad
casting nightly except Sunday.
Staff assignments for KSU were
announced yesterday by Charles R.
Patton, station manager. The fol
lowing assignments for summer
quarter were made after short try
out periods:
Bill Eilers, sales and advertising
manager; Larry Frankley, program
director; Claire Banks, chief an
nouncer; Fred Terman, chief engi
neer; Clark Moore, music director;
A 1 Forbes, news director; Jeanne
Cannon, traffic manager; Audrey
Robinson, office manager; and Peg
gy Hiltz, public events officer.
Patton said that KSU will remain
on the air through Aug. 15, broad
casting nightly except Sunday.
Staff assignments for KSU were
announced yesterday by Charles R.
Patton, station manager. The fol
lowing assignments for summer
quarter were made after short try
out periods:
Bill Eilers, sales and advertising
manager; Larry Frankley, program
director; Claire Banks, chief an
nouncer; Fred Terman, chief engi
neer; Clark Moore, music director;
A 1 Forbes, news director; Jeanne
Cannon, traffic manager; Audrey
Robinson, office manager; and Peg
gy Hiltz, public events officer.
Patton said that KSU will remain
on the air through Aug. 15, broad
casting nightly except Sunday.
Staff assignments for KSU were
announced yesterday by Charles R.
Patton, station manager. The fol
lowing assignments for summer
quarter were made after short try
out periods:
Bill Eilers, sales and advertising
manager; Larry Frankley, program
director; Claire Banks, chief an
nouncer; Fred Terman, chief engi
neer; Clark Moore, music director;
A 1 Forbes, news director; Jeanne
Cannon, traffic manager; Audrey
Robinson, office manager; and Peg
gy Hiltz, public events officer.
Patton said that KSU will remain
on the air through Aug. 15, broad
casting nightly except Sunday.
Staff assignments for KSU were
announced yesterday by Charles R.
Patton, station manager. The fol
lowing assignments for summer
quarter were made after short try
out periods:
Bill Eilers, sales and advertising
manager; Larry Frankley, program
director; Claire Banks, chief an
nouncer; Fred Terman, chief engi
neer; Clark Moore, music director;
A 1 Forbes, news director; Jeanne
Cannon, traffic manager; Audrey
Robinson, office manager; and Peg
gy Hiltz, public events officer.
Patton said that KSU will remain
on the air through Aug. 15, broad
casting nightly except Sunday.
Staff assignments for KSU were
announced yesterday by Charles R.
Patton, station manager. The fol
lowing assignments for summer
quarter were made after short try
out periods:
Bill Eilers, sales and advertising
manager; Larry Frankley, program
director; Claire Banks, chief an
nouncer; Fred Terman, chief engi
neer; Clark Moore, music director;
A 1 Forbes, news director; Jeanne
Cannon, traffic manager; Audrey
Robinson, office manager; and Peg
gy Hiltz, public events officer.
Patton said that KSU will remain
on the air through Aug. 15, broad
casting nightly except Sunday.
Staff assignments for KSU were
announced yesterday by Charles R.
Patton, station manager. The fol
lowing assignments for summer
quarter were made after short try
out periods:
Bill Eilers, sales and advertising
manager; Larry Frankley, program
director; Claire Banks, chief an
nouncer; Fred Terman, chief engi
neer; Clark Moore, music director;
A 1 Forbes, news director; Jeanne
Cannon, traffic manager; Audrey
Robinson, office manager; and Peg
gy Hiltz, public events officer.
Patton said that KSU will remain
on the air through Aug. 15, broad
casting nightly except Sunday.
Staff assignments for KSU were
announced yesterday by Charles R.
Patton, station manager. The fol
lowing assignments for summer
quarter were made after short try
out periods:
Bill Eilers, sales and advertising
manager; Larry Frankley, program
director; Claire Banks, chief an
nouncer; Fred Terman, chief engi
neer; Clark Moore, music director;
A 1 Forbes, news director; Jeanne
Cannon, traffic manager; Audrey
Robinson, office manager; and Peg
gy Hiltz, public events officer.
Patton said that KSU will remain
on the air through Aug. 15, broad
casting nightly except Sunday.
Staff assignments for KSU were
announced yesterday by Charles R.
Patton, station manager. The fol
lowing assignments for summer
quarter were made after short try
out periods:
Bill Eilers, sales and advertising
manager; Larry Frankley, program
director; Claire Banks, chief an
nouncer; Fred Terman, chief engi
neer; Clark Moore, music director;
A 1 Forbes, news director; Jeanne
Cannon, traffic manager; Audrey
Robinson, office manager; and Peg
gy Hiltz, public events officer.
Patton said that KSU will remain
on the air through Aug. 15, broad
casting nightly except Sunday.
Staff assignments for KSU were
announced yesterday by Charles R.
Patton, station manager. The fol
lowing assignments for summer
quarter were made after short try
out periods:
Bill Eilers, sales and advertising
manager; Larry Frankley, program
director; Claire Banks, chief an
nouncer; Fred Terman, chief engi
neer; Clark Moore, music director;
A 1 Forbes, news director; Jeanne
Cannon, traffic manager; Audrey
Robinson, office manager; and Peg
gy Hiltz, public events officer.
Patton said that KSU will remain
on the air through Aug. 15, broad
casting nightly except Sunday.
Staff assignments for KSU were
announced yesterday by Charles R.
Patton, station manager. The fol
lowing assignments for summer
quarter were made after short try
out periods:
Bill Eilers, sales and advertising
manager; Larry Frankley, program
director; Claire Banks, chief an
nouncer; Fred Terman, chief engi
neer; Clark Moore, music director;
A 1 Forbes, news director; Jeanne
Cannon, traffic manager; Audrey
Robinson, office manager; and Peg
gy Hiltz, public events officer.
Patton said that KSU will remain
on the air through Aug. 15, broad
casting nightly except Sunday.
Staff assignments for KSU were
announced yesterday by Charles R.
Patton, station manager. The fol
lowing assignments for summer
quarter were made after short try
out periods:
Bill Eilers, sales and advertising
manager; Larry Frankley, program
director; Claire Banks, chief an
nouncer; Fred Terman, chief engi
neer; Clark Moore, music director;
A 1 Forbes, news director; Jeanne
Cannon, traffic manager; Audrey
Robinson, office manager; and Peg
gy Hiltz, public events officer.
Patton said that KSU will remain
on the air through Aug. 15, broad
casting nightly except Sunday.
Staff assignments for KSU were
announced yesterday by Charles R.
Patton, station manager. The fol
lowing assignments for summer
quarter were made after short try
out periods:
Bill Eilers, sales and advertising
manager; Larry Frankley, program
director; Claire Banks, chief an
nouncer; Fred Terman, chief engi
neer; Clark Moore, music director;
A 1 Forbes, news director; Jeanne
Cannon, traffic manager; Audrey
Robinson, office manager; and Peg
gy Hiltz, public events officer.
Patton said that KSU will remain
on the air through Aug. 15, broad
casting nightly except Sunday.
Staff assignments for KSU were
announced yesterday by Charles R.
Patton, station manager. The fol
lowing assignments for summer
quarter were made after short try
out periods:
Bill Eilers, sales and advertising
manager; Larry Frankley, program
director; Claire Banks, chief an
nouncer; Fred Terman, chief engi
neer; Clark Moore, music director;
A 1 Forbes, news director; Jeanne
Cannon, traffic manager; Audrey
Robinson, office manager; and Peg
gy Hiltz, public events officer.
Patton said that KSU will remain
on the air through Aug. 15, broad
casting nightly except Sunday.
Staff assignments for KSU were
announced yesterday by Charles R.
Patton, station manager. The fol
lowing assignments for summer
quarter were made after short try
out periods:
Bill Eilers, sales and advertising
manager; Larry Frankley, program
director; Claire Banks, chief an
nouncer; Fred Terman, chief engi
neer; Clark Moore, music director;
A 1 Forbes, news director; Jeanne
Cannon, traffic manager; Audrey
Robinson, office manager; and Peg
gy Hiltz, public events officer.
Patton said that KSU will remain
on the air through Aug. 15, broad
casting nightly except Sunday.
