# NEW NAVAL RULING
## 
### 
Civil agents are now authorized to
arrest enlisted naval personnel in
continental United States, Alaska,
Hawaii, and the Canal Zone, where
proper warrant is presented, the
12th Naval District announced yes
terday.
Civil agents are now authorized to
arrest enlisted naval personnel in
continental United States, Alaska,
Hawaii, and the Canal Zone, where
proper warrant is presented, the
12th Naval District announced yes
terday.
Civil agents are now authorized to
arrest enlisted naval personnel in
continental United States, Alaska,
Hawaii, and the Canal Zone, where
proper warrant is presented, the
12th Naval District announced yes
terday.
Civil agents are now authorized to
arrest enlisted naval personnel in
continental United States, Alaska,
Hawaii, and the Canal Zone, where
proper warrant is presented, the
12th Naval District announced yes
terday.
Civil agents are now authorized to
arrest enlisted naval personnel in
continental United States, Alaska,
Hawaii, and the Canal Zone, where
proper warrant is presented, the
12th Naval District announced yes
terday.
Civil agents are now authorized to
arrest enlisted naval personnel in
continental United States, Alaska,
Hawaii, and the Canal Zone, where
proper warrant is presented, the
12th Naval District announced yes
terday.
Civil agents are now authorized to
arrest enlisted naval personnel in
continental United States, Alaska,
Hawaii, and the Canal Zone, where
proper warrant is presented, the
12th Naval District announced yes
terday.
Civil agents are now authorized to
arrest enlisted naval personnel in
continental United States, Alaska,
Hawaii, and the Canal Zone, where
proper warrant is presented, the
12th Naval District announced yes
terday.
Civil agents are now authorized to
arrest enlisted naval personnel in
continental United States, Alaska,
Hawaii, and the Canal Zone, where
proper warrant is presented, the
12th Naval District announced yes
terday.
Civil agents are now authorized to
arrest enlisted naval personnel in
continental United States, Alaska,
Hawaii, and the Canal Zone, where
proper warrant is presented, the
12th Naval District announced yes
terday.
Civil agents are now authorized to
arrest enlisted naval personnel in
continental United States, Alaska,
Hawaii, and the Canal Zone, where
proper warrant is presented, the
12th Naval District announced yes
terday.
Civil agents are now authorized to
arrest enlisted naval personnel in
continental United States, Alaska,
Hawaii, and the Canal Zone, where
proper warrant is presented, the
12th Naval District announced yes
terday.
Civil agents are now authorized to
arrest enlisted naval personnel in
continental United States, Alaska,
Hawaii, and the Canal Zone, where
proper warrant is presented, the
12th Naval District announced yes
terday.
Civil agents are now authorized to
arrest enlisted naval personnel in
continental United States, Alaska,
Hawaii, and the Canal Zone, where
proper warrant is presented, the
12th Naval District announced yes
terday.
Civil agents are now authorized to
arrest enlisted naval personnel in
continental United States, Alaska,
Hawaii, and the Canal Zone, where
proper warrant is presented, the
12th Naval District announced yes
terday.
