# Free Chest X-Rays Offered to Students
## 
### 
Free chest X-rays will be of
fered to students Wednesday from
9 a.m. to noon and from 1 to 4
p.m., the Santa Clara County Tu
berculosis Association announced
yesterday.
A mobile unit will be stationed
back of the women's gymnasium
for the convenience of summer
students.
Free chest X-rays will be of
fered to students Wednesday from
9 a.m. to noon and from 1 to 4
p.m., the Santa Clara County Tu
berculosis Association announced
yesterday.
A mobile unit will be stationed
back of the women's gymnasium
for the convenience of summer
students.
Free chest X-rays will be of
fered to students Wednesday from
9 a.m. to noon and from 1 to 4
p.m., the Santa Clara County Tu
berculosis Association announced
yesterday.
A mobile unit will be stationed
back of the women's gymnasium
for the convenience of summer
students.
Free chest X-rays will be of
fered to students Wednesday from
9 a.m. to noon and from 1 to 4
p.m., the Santa Clara County Tu
berculosis Association announced
yesterday.
A mobile unit will be stationed
back of the women's gymnasium
for the convenience of summer
students.
Free chest X-rays will be of
fered to students Wednesday from
9 a.m. to noon and from 1 to 4
p.m., the Santa Clara County Tu
berculosis Association announced
yesterday.
A mobile unit will be stationed
back of the women's gymnasium
for the convenience of summer
students.
Free chest X-rays will be of
fered to students Wednesday from
9 a.m. to noon and from 1 to 4
p.m., the Santa Clara County Tu
berculosis Association announced
yesterday.
A mobile unit will be stationed
back of the women's gymnasium
for the convenience of summer
students.
Free chest X-rays will be of
fered to students Wednesday from
9 a.m. to noon and from 1 to 4
p.m., the Santa Clara County Tu
berculosis Association announced
yesterday.
A mobile unit will be stationed
back of the women's gymnasium
for the convenience of summer
students.
Free chest X-rays will be of
fered to students Wednesday from
9 a.m. to noon and from 1 to 4
p.m., the Santa Clara County Tu
berculosis Association announced
yesterday.
A mobile unit will be stationed
back of the women's gymnasium
for the convenience of summer
students.
Free chest X-rays will be of
fered to students Wednesday from
9 a.m. to noon and from 1 to 4
p.m., the Santa Clara County Tu
berculosis Association announced
yesterday.
A mobile unit will be stationed
back of the women's gymnasium
for the convenience of summer
students.
Free chest X-rays will be of
fered to students Wednesday from
9 a.m. to noon and from 1 to 4
p.m., the Santa Clara County Tu
berculosis Association announced
yesterday.
A mobile unit will be stationed
back of the women's gymnasium
for the convenience of summer
students.
Free chest X-rays will be of
fered to students Wednesday from
9 a.m. to noon and from 1 to 4
p.m., the Santa Clara County Tu
berculosis Association announced
yesterday.
A mobile unit will be stationed
back of the women's gymnasium
for the convenience of summer
students.
Free chest X-rays will be of
fered to students Wednesday from
9 a.m. to noon and from 1 to 4
p.m., the Santa Clara County Tu
berculosis Association announced
yesterday.
A mobile unit will be stationed
back of the women's gymnasium
for the convenience of summer
students.
Free chest X-rays will be of
fered to students Wednesday from
9 a.m. to noon and from 1 to 4
p.m., the Santa Clara County Tu
berculosis Association announced
yesterday.
A mobile unit will be stationed
back of the women's gymnasium
for the convenience of summer
students.
Free chest X-rays will be of
fered to students Wednesday from
9 a.m. to noon and from 1 to 4
p.m., the Santa Clara County Tu
berculosis Association announced
yesterday.
A mobile unit will be stationed
back of the women's gymnasium
for the convenience of summer
students.
Free chest X-rays will be of
fered to students Wednesday from
9 a.m. to noon and from 1 to 4
p.m., the Santa Clara County Tu
berculosis Association announced
yesterday.
A mobile unit will be stationed
back of the women's gymnasium
for the convenience of summer
students.
