# MORE JOBS THAN MEN
## 
### 
More jobs than men seems to be the
situation at Mrs. Spenner's student em
ployment office. Catalogued are twenty
unfilled room jobs and eighteen board
jobs. Only one board and room job is
open.
More jobs than men seems to be the
situation at Mrs. Spenner's student em
ployment office. Catalogued are twenty
unfilled room jobs and eighteen board
jobs. Only one board and room job is
open.
More jobs than men seems to be the
situation at Mrs. Spenner's student em
ployment office. Catalogued are twenty
unfilled room jobs and eighteen board
jobs. Only one board and room job is
open.
More jobs than men seems to be the
situation at Mrs. Spenner's student em
ployment office. Catalogued are twenty
unfilled room jobs and eighteen board
jobs. Only one board and room job is
open.
More jobs than men seems to be the
situation at Mrs. Spenner's student em
ployment office. Catalogued are twenty
unfilled room jobs and eighteen board
jobs. Only one board and room job is
open.
More jobs than men seems to be the
situation at Mrs. Spenner's student em
ployment office. Catalogued are twenty
unfilled room jobs and eighteen board
jobs. Only one board and room job is
open.
More jobs than men seems to be the
situation at Mrs. Spenner's student em
ployment office. Catalogued are twenty
unfilled room jobs and eighteen board
jobs. Only one board and room job is
open.
More jobs than men seems to be the
situation at Mrs. Spenner's student em
ployment office. Catalogued are twenty
unfilled room jobs and eighteen board
jobs. Only one board and room job is
open.
More jobs than men seems to be the
situation at Mrs. Spenner's student em
ployment office. Catalogued are twenty
unfilled room jobs and eighteen board
jobs. Only one board and room job is
open.
More jobs than men seems to be the
situation at Mrs. Spenner's student em
ployment office. Catalogued are twenty
unfilled room jobs and eighteen board
jobs. Only one board and room job is
open.
More jobs than men seems to be the
situation at Mrs. Spenner's student em
ployment office. Catalogued are twenty
unfilled room jobs and eighteen board
jobs. Only one board and room job is
open.
More jobs than men seems to be the
situation at Mrs. Spenner's student em
ployment office. Catalogued are twenty
unfilled room jobs and eighteen board
jobs. Only one board and room job is
open.
More jobs than men seems to be the
situation at Mrs. Spenner's student em
ployment office. Catalogued are twenty
unfilled room jobs and eighteen board
jobs. Only one board and room job is
open.
More jobs than men seems to be the
situation at Mrs. Spenner's student em
ployment office. Catalogued are twenty
unfilled room jobs and eighteen board
jobs. Only one board and room job is
open.
