# INSTRUCTOR GOES TO TEXAS U.
## 
### 
Robert Rapp, section instructor in
economics here for the past two
years, left Monday with his wife
for Austin, Texas, where he will
begin his new duties as assistant
professor of economics at the Uni
versity of Texas. Rapp received his
Ph.D degree at Stanford last winter
quarter.
Robert Rapp, section instructor in
economics here for the past two
years, left Monday with his wife
for Austin, Texas, where he will
begin his new duties as assistant
professor of economics at the Uni
versity of Texas. Rapp received his
Ph.D degree at Stanford last winter
quarter.
Robert Rapp, section instructor in
economics here for the past two
years, left Monday with his wife
for Austin, Texas, where he will
begin his new duties as assistant
professor of economics at the Uni
versity of Texas. Rapp received his
Ph.D degree at Stanford last winter
quarter.
Robert Rapp, section instructor in
economics here for the past two
years, left Monday with his wife
for Austin, Texas, where he will
begin his new duties as assistant
professor of economics at the Uni
versity of Texas. Rapp received his
Ph.D degree at Stanford last winter
quarter.
Robert Rapp, section instructor in
economics here for the past two
years, left Monday with his wife
for Austin, Texas, where he will
begin his new duties as assistant
professor of economics at the Uni
versity of Texas. Rapp received his
Ph.D degree at Stanford last winter
quarter.
Robert Rapp, section instructor in
economics here for the past two
years, left Monday with his wife
for Austin, Texas, where he will
begin his new duties as assistant
professor of economics at the Uni
versity of Texas. Rapp received his
Ph.D degree at Stanford last winter
quarter.
Robert Rapp, section instructor in
economics here for the past two
years, left Monday with his wife
for Austin, Texas, where he will
begin his new duties as assistant
professor of economics at the Uni
versity of Texas. Rapp received his
Ph.D degree at Stanford last winter
quarter.
Robert Rapp, section instructor in
economics here for the past two
years, left Monday with his wife
for Austin, Texas, where he will
begin his new duties as assistant
professor of economics at the Uni
versity of Texas. Rapp received his
Ph.D degree at Stanford last winter
quarter.
Robert Rapp, section instructor in
economics here for the past two
years, left Monday with his wife
for Austin, Texas, where he will
begin his new duties as assistant
professor of economics at the Uni
versity of Texas. Rapp received his
Ph.D degree at Stanford last winter
quarter.
Robert Rapp, section instructor in
economics here for the past two
years, left Monday with his wife
for Austin, Texas, where he will
begin his new duties as assistant
professor of economics at the Uni
versity of Texas. Rapp received his
Ph.D degree at Stanford last winter
quarter.
Robert Rapp, section instructor in
economics here for the past two
years, left Monday with his wife
for Austin, Texas, where he will
begin his new duties as assistant
professor of economics at the Uni
versity of Texas. Rapp received his
Ph.D degree at Stanford last winter
quarter.
Robert Rapp, section instructor in
economics here for the past two
years, left Monday with his wife
for Austin, Texas, where he will
begin his new duties as assistant
professor of economics at the Uni
versity of Texas. Rapp received his
Ph.D degree at Stanford last winter
quarter.
Robert Rapp, section instructor in
economics here for the past two
years, left Monday with his wife
for Austin, Texas, where he will
begin his new duties as assistant
professor of economics at the Uni
versity of Texas. Rapp received his
Ph.D degree at Stanford last winter
quarter.
Robert Rapp, section instructor in
economics here for the past two
years, left Monday with his wife
for Austin, Texas, where he will
begin his new duties as assistant
professor of economics at the Uni
versity of Texas. Rapp received his
Ph.D degree at Stanford last winter
quarter.
Robert Rapp, section instructor in
economics here for the past two
years, left Monday with his wife
for Austin, Texas, where he will
begin his new duties as assistant
professor of economics at the Uni
versity of Texas. Rapp received his
Ph.D degree at Stanford last winter
quarter.
