# Mears To Travel During Sabbatical
## 
### 
Eliot G. Mears, professor of geog
raphy and international trade, and
director of summer quarter, will go
on sabbatical leave this coming
school year. In his absence, Dr.
John A. Sellards, acting assistant
professor of romanic languages, will
act as director of next summer
quarter.
Leaving in September, Mears will
journey first to South America where
he will make a brief stay
Eliot G. Mears, professor of geog
raphy and international trade, and
director of summer quarter, will go
on sabbatical leave this coming
school year. In his absence, Dr.
John A. Sellards, acting assistant
professor of romanic languages, will
act as director of next summer
quarter.
Leaving in September, Mears will
journey first to South America where
he will make a brief stay
Eliot G. Mears, professor of geog
raphy and international trade, and
director of summer quarter, will go
on sabbatical leave this coming
school year. In his absence, Dr.
John A. Sellards, acting assistant
professor of romanic languages, will
act as director of next summer
quarter.
Leaving in September, Mears will
journey first to South America where
he will make a brief stay
Eliot G. Mears, professor of geog
raphy and international trade, and
director of summer quarter, will go
on sabbatical leave this coming
school year. In his absence, Dr.
John A. Sellards, acting assistant
professor of romanic languages, will
act as director of next summer
quarter.
Leaving in September, Mears will
journey first to South America where
he will make a brief stay
Eliot G. Mears, professor of geog
raphy and international trade, and
director of summer quarter, will go
on sabbatical leave this coming
school year. In his absence, Dr.
John A. Sellards, acting assistant
professor of romanic languages, will
act as director of next summer
quarter.
Leaving in September, Mears will
journey first to South America where
he will make a brief stay
Eliot G. Mears, professor of geog
raphy and international trade, and
director of summer quarter, will go
on sabbatical leave this coming
school year. In his absence, Dr.
John A. Sellards, acting assistant
professor of romanic languages, will
act as director of next summer
quarter.
Leaving in September, Mears will
journey first to South America where
he will make a brief stay
Eliot G. Mears, professor of geog
raphy and international trade, and
director of summer quarter, will go
on sabbatical leave this coming
school year. In his absence, Dr.
John A. Sellards, acting assistant
professor of romanic languages, will
act as director of next summer
quarter.
Leaving in September, Mears will
journey first to South America where
he will make a brief stay
Eliot G. Mears, professor of geog
raphy and international trade, and
director of summer quarter, will go
on sabbatical leave this coming
school year. In his absence, Dr.
John A. Sellards, acting assistant
professor of romanic languages, will
act as director of next summer
quarter.
Leaving in September, Mears will
journey first to South America where
he will make a brief stay
Eliot G. Mears, professor of geog
raphy and international trade, and
director of summer quarter, will go
on sabbatical leave this coming
school year. In his absence, Dr.
John A. Sellards, acting assistant
professor of romanic languages, will
act as director of next summer
quarter.
Leaving in September, Mears will
journey first to South America where
he will make a brief stay
Eliot G. Mears, professor of geog
raphy and international trade, and
director of summer quarter, will go
on sabbatical leave this coming
school year. In his absence, Dr.
John A. Sellards, acting assistant
professor of romanic languages, will
act as director of next summer
quarter.
Leaving in September, Mears will
journey first to South America where
he will make a brief stay
Eliot G. Mears, professor of geog
raphy and international trade, and
director of summer quarter, will go
on sabbatical leave this coming
school year. In his absence, Dr.
John A. Sellards, acting assistant
professor of romanic languages, will
act as director of next summer
quarter.
Leaving in September, Mears will
journey first to South America where
he will make a brief stay
Eliot G. Mears, professor of geog
raphy and international trade, and
director of summer quarter, will go
on sabbatical leave this coming
school year. In his absence, Dr.
John A. Sellards, acting assistant
professor of romanic languages, will
act as director of next summer
quarter.
Leaving in September, Mears will
journey first to South America where
he will make a brief stay
Eliot G. Mears, professor of geog
raphy and international trade, and
director of summer quarter, will go
on sabbatical leave this coming
school year. In his absence, Dr.
John A. Sellards, acting assistant
professor of romanic languages, will
act as director of next summer
quarter.
Leaving in September, Mears will
journey first to South America where
he will make a brief stay
Eliot G. Mears, professor of geog
raphy and international trade, and
director of summer quarter, will go
on sabbatical leave this coming
school year. In his absence, Dr.
John A. Sellards, acting assistant
professor of romanic languages, will
act as director of next summer
quarter.
Leaving in September, Mears will
journey first to South America where
he will make a brief stay
Eliot G. Mears, professor of geog
raphy and international trade, and
director of summer quarter, will go
on sabbatical leave this coming
school year. In his absence, Dr.
John A. Sellards, acting assistant
professor of romanic languages, will
act as director of next summer
quarter.
Leaving in September, Mears will
journey first to South America where
he will make a brief stay
