# SANDOE GIVES LECTURE
## 
### 
James Sandoe, director of dra
matics at the University of Colo
rado, delivered the last Tudor lec
ture of the summer, "Master Viola,"
last night.
James Sandoe, director of dra
matics at the University of Colo
rado, delivered the last Tudor lec
ture of the summer, "Master Viola,"
last night.
James Sandoe, director of dra
matics at the University of Colo
rado, delivered the last Tudor lec
ture of the summer, "Master Viola,"
last night.
James Sandoe, director of dra
matics at the University of Colo
rado, delivered the last Tudor lec
ture of the summer, "Master Viola,"
last night.
James Sandoe, director of dra
matics at the University of Colo
rado, delivered the last Tudor lec
ture of the summer, "Master Viola,"
last night.
James Sandoe, director of dra
matics at the University of Colo
rado, delivered the last Tudor lec
ture of the summer, "Master Viola,"
last night.
James Sandoe, director of dra
matics at the University of Colo
rado, delivered the last Tudor lec
ture of the summer, "Master Viola,"
last night.
James Sandoe, director of dra
matics at the University of Colo
rado, delivered the last Tudor lec
ture of the summer, "Master Viola,"
last night.
James Sandoe, director of dra
matics at the University of Colo
rado, delivered the last Tudor lec
ture of the summer, "Master Viola,"
last night.
James Sandoe, director of dra
matics at the University of Colo
rado, delivered the last Tudor lec
ture of the summer, "Master Viola,"
last night.
James Sandoe, director of dra
matics at the University of Colo
rado, delivered the last Tudor lec
ture of the summer, "Master Viola,"
last night.
James Sandoe, director of dra
matics at the University of Colo
rado, delivered the last Tudor lec
ture of the summer, "Master Viola,"
last night.
James Sandoe, director of dra
matics at the University of Colo
rado, delivered the last Tudor lec
ture of the summer, "Master Viola,"
last night.
James Sandoe, director of dra
matics at the University of Colo
rado, delivered the last Tudor lec
ture of the summer, "Master Viola,"
last night.
James Sandoe, director of dra
matics at the University of Colo
rado, delivered the last Tudor lec
ture of the summer, "Master Viola,"
last night.
