# 'Bashful' Bill
## 
### 

Bill Paulman, "Bashful" Bill to
those who know him off the grid
iron, is "a great guy" in the opin
ion of his team-mates, but to
Coach Tiny Thornhill Bill is "a
great football player with the
makings of an All-American."
Paulman returns to the football
fold on the Farm after a lay-off
last season caused by a broken
ankle sustained in the autumn
quarter's first practice session.

Bill Paulman, "Bashful" Bill to
those who know him off the grid
iron, is "a great guy" in the opin
ion of his team-mates, but to
Coach Tiny Thornhill Bill is "a
great football player with the
makings of an All-American."
Paulman returns to the football
fold on the Farm after a lay-off
last season caused by a broken
ankle sustained in the autumn
quarter's first practice session.

Bill Paulman, "Bashful" Bill to
those who know him off the grid
iron, is "a great guy" in the opin
ion of his team-mates, but to
Coach Tiny Thornhill Bill is "a
great football player with the
makings of an All-American."
Paulman returns to the football
fold on the Farm after a lay-off
last season caused by a broken
ankle sustained in the autumn
quarter's first practice session.

Bill Paulman, "Bashful" Bill to
those who know him off the grid
iron, is "a great guy" in the opin
ion of his team-mates, but to
Coach Tiny Thornhill Bill is "a
great football player with the
makings of an All-American."
Paulman returns to the football
fold on the Farm after a lay-off
last season caused by a broken
ankle sustained in the autumn
quarter's first practice session.

Bill Paulman, "Bashful" Bill to
those who know him off the grid
iron, is "a great guy" in the opin
ion of his team-mates, but to
Coach Tiny Thornhill Bill is "a
great football player with the
makings of an All-American."
Paulman returns to the football
fold on the Farm after a lay-off
last season caused by a broken
ankle sustained in the autumn
quarter's first practice session.

Bill Paulman, "Bashful" Bill to
those who know him off the grid
iron, is "a great guy" in the opin
ion of his team-mates, but to
Coach Tiny Thornhill Bill is "a
great football player with the
makings of an All-American."
Paulman returns to the football
fold on the Farm after a lay-off
last season caused by a broken
ankle sustained in the autumn
quarter's first practice session.

Bill Paulman, "Bashful" Bill to
those who know him off the grid
iron, is "a great guy" in the opin
ion of his team-mates, but to
Coach Tiny Thornhill Bill is "a
great football player with the
makings of an All-American."
Paulman returns to the football
fold on the Farm after a lay-off
last season caused by a broken
ankle sustained in the autumn
quarter's first practice session.

Bill Paulman, "Bashful" Bill to
those who know him off the grid
iron, is "a great guy" in the opin
ion of his team-mates, but to
Coach Tiny Thornhill Bill is "a
great football player with the
makings of an All-American."
Paulman returns to the football
fold on the Farm after a lay-off
last season caused by a broken
ankle sustained in the autumn
quarter's first practice session.

Bill Paulman, "Bashful" Bill to
those who know him off the grid
iron, is "a great guy" in the opin
ion of his team-mates, but to
Coach Tiny Thornhill Bill is "a
great football player with the
makings of an All-American."
Paulman returns to the football
fold on the Farm after a lay-off
last season caused by a broken
ankle sustained in the autumn
quarter's first practice session.

Bill Paulman, "Bashful" Bill to
those who know him off the grid
iron, is "a great guy" in the opin
ion of his team-mates, but to
Coach Tiny Thornhill Bill is "a
great football player with the
makings of an All-American."
Paulman returns to the football
fold on the Farm after a lay-off
last season caused by a broken
ankle sustained in the autumn
quarter's first practice session.

Bill Paulman, "Bashful" Bill to
those who know him off the grid
iron, is "a great guy" in the opin
ion of his team-mates, but to
Coach Tiny Thornhill Bill is "a
great football player with the
makings of an All-American."
Paulman returns to the football
fold on the Farm after a lay-off
last season caused by a broken
ankle sustained in the autumn
quarter's first practice session.

Bill Paulman, "Bashful" Bill to
those who know him off the grid
iron, is "a great guy" in the opin
ion of his team-mates, but to
Coach Tiny Thornhill Bill is "a
great football player with the
makings of an All-American."
Paulman returns to the football
fold on the Farm after a lay-off
last season caused by a broken
ankle sustained in the autumn
quarter's first practice session.

Bill Paulman, "Bashful" Bill to
those who know him off the grid
iron, is "a great guy" in the opin
ion of his team-mates, but to
Coach Tiny Thornhill Bill is "a
great football player with the
makings of an All-American."
Paulman returns to the football
fold on the Farm after a lay-off
last season caused by a broken
ankle sustained in the autumn
quarter's first practice session.

Bill Paulman, "Bashful" Bill to
those who know him off the grid
iron, is "a great guy" in the opin
ion of his team-mates, but to
Coach Tiny Thornhill Bill is "a
great football player with the
makings of an All-American."
Paulman returns to the football
fold on the Farm after a lay-off
last season caused by a broken
ankle sustained in the autumn
quarter's first practice session.

Bill Paulman, "Bashful" Bill to
those who know him off the grid
iron, is "a great guy" in the opin
ion of his team-mates, but to
Coach Tiny Thornhill Bill is "a
great football player with the
makings of an All-American."
Paulman returns to the football
fold on the Farm after a lay-off
last season caused by a broken
ankle sustained in the autumn
quarter's first practice session.
