# Nominations Are Open To Fill Vacancies In The Student Council
## 
### 
Nominations for candidates for the
three vacancies in the Student Coun
cil will be received by the Daily Palo
Alto at any time before noon Monday.
It is hoped that a larger number of
nominations will be made than was
possibly through the senior class.
The council will pass on the eligi
bility of the names submitted, and
provide for balloting on the Quad on
Tuesday.
Nominations for candidates for the
three vacancies in the Student Coun
cil will be received by the Daily Palo
Alto at any time before noon Monday.
It is hoped that a larger number of
nominations will be made than was
possibly through the senior class.
The council will pass on the eligi
bility of the names submitted, and
provide for balloting on the Quad on
Tuesday.
Nominations for candidates for the
three vacancies in the Student Coun
cil will be received by the Daily Palo
Alto at any time before noon Monday.
It is hoped that a larger number of
nominations will be made than was
possibly through the senior class.
The council will pass on the eligi
bility of the names submitted, and
provide for balloting on the Quad on
Tuesday.
Nominations for candidates for the
three vacancies in the Student Coun
cil will be received by the Daily Palo
Alto at any time before noon Monday.
It is hoped that a larger number of
nominations will be made than was
possibly through the senior class.
The council will pass on the eligi
bility of the names submitted, and
provide for balloting on the Quad on
Tuesday.
Nominations for candidates for the
three vacancies in the Student Coun
cil will be received by the Daily Palo
Alto at any time before noon Monday.
It is hoped that a larger number of
nominations will be made than was
possibly through the senior class.
The council will pass on the eligi
bility of the names submitted, and
provide for balloting on the Quad on
Tuesday.
Nominations for candidates for the
three vacancies in the Student Coun
cil will be received by the Daily Palo
Alto at any time before noon Monday.
It is hoped that a larger number of
nominations will be made than was
possibly through the senior class.
The council will pass on the eligi
bility of the names submitted, and
provide for balloting on the Quad on
Tuesday.
Nominations for candidates for the
three vacancies in the Student Coun
cil will be received by the Daily Palo
Alto at any time before noon Monday.
It is hoped that a larger number of
nominations will be made than was
possibly through the senior class.
The council will pass on the eligi
bility of the names submitted, and
provide for balloting on the Quad on
Tuesday.
Nominations for candidates for the
three vacancies in the Student Coun
cil will be received by the Daily Palo
Alto at any time before noon Monday.
It is hoped that a larger number of
nominations will be made than was
possibly through the senior class.
The council will pass on the eligi
bility of the names submitted, and
provide for balloting on the Quad on
Tuesday.
Nominations for candidates for the
three vacancies in the Student Coun
cil will be received by the Daily Palo
Alto at any time before noon Monday.
It is hoped that a larger number of
nominations will be made than was
possibly through the senior class.
The council will pass on the eligi
bility of the names submitted, and
provide for balloting on the Quad on
Tuesday.
Nominations for candidates for the
three vacancies in the Student Coun
cil will be received by the Daily Palo
Alto at any time before noon Monday.
It is hoped that a larger number of
nominations will be made than was
possibly through the senior class.
The council will pass on the eligi
bility of the names submitted, and
provide for balloting on the Quad on
Tuesday.
Nominations for candidates for the
three vacancies in the Student Coun
cil will be received by the Daily Palo
Alto at any time before noon Monday.
It is hoped that a larger number of
nominations will be made than was
possibly through the senior class.
The council will pass on the eligi
bility of the names submitted, and
provide for balloting on the Quad on
Tuesday.
Nominations for candidates for the
three vacancies in the Student Coun
cil will be received by the Daily Palo
Alto at any time before noon Monday.
It is hoped that a larger number of
nominations will be made than was
possibly through the senior class.
The council will pass on the eligi
bility of the names submitted, and
provide for balloting on the Quad on
Tuesday.
