# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Pennsylvania has lost half of last
year's track point winners by gradu
ation.
Pennsylvania has lost half of last
year's track point winners by gradu
ation.
Pennsylvania has lost half of last
year's track point winners by gradu
ation.
Pennsylvania has lost half of last
year's track point winners by gradu
ation.
Pennsylvania has lost half of last
year's track point winners by gradu
ation.
Pennsylvania has lost half of last
year's track point winners by gradu
ation.
Pennsylvania has lost half of last
year's track point winners by gradu
ation.
Pennsylvania has lost half of last
year's track point winners by gradu
ation.
Pennsylvania has lost half of last
year's track point winners by gradu
ation.
Pennsylvania has lost half of last
year's track point winners by gradu
ation.
Pennsylvania has lost half of last
year's track point winners by gradu
ation.
Pennsylvania has lost half of last
year's track point winners by gradu
ation.
Pennsylvania has lost half of last
year's track point winners by gradu
ation.
