# Delinquent Assessments Paid.
## 
### 
Collections of delinquent student
body assessments on the quad this
morning amounted to $57. On
Saturday six hundred delinquent
notices were sent to studente who
had not yet paid. A collector will
be on the quad to-morrow to re
ceive further unpaid assessments.
Collections of delinquent student
body assessments on the quad this
morning amounted to $57. On
Saturday six hundred delinquent
notices were sent to studente who
had not yet paid. A collector will
be on the quad to-morrow to re
ceive further unpaid assessments.
Collections of delinquent student
body assessments on the quad this
morning amounted to $57. On
Saturday six hundred delinquent
notices were sent to studente who
had not yet paid. A collector will
be on the quad to-morrow to re
ceive further unpaid assessments.
Collections of delinquent student
body assessments on the quad this
morning amounted to $57. On
Saturday six hundred delinquent
notices were sent to studente who
had not yet paid. A collector will
be on the quad to-morrow to re
ceive further unpaid assessments.
Collections of delinquent student
body assessments on the quad this
morning amounted to $57. On
Saturday six hundred delinquent
notices were sent to studente who
had not yet paid. A collector will
be on the quad to-morrow to re
ceive further unpaid assessments.
Collections of delinquent student
body assessments on the quad this
morning amounted to $57. On
Saturday six hundred delinquent
notices were sent to studente who
had not yet paid. A collector will
be on the quad to-morrow to re
ceive further unpaid assessments.
Collections of delinquent student
body assessments on the quad this
morning amounted to $57. On
Saturday six hundred delinquent
notices were sent to studente who
had not yet paid. A collector will
be on the quad to-morrow to re
ceive further unpaid assessments.
Collections of delinquent student
body assessments on the quad this
morning amounted to $57. On
Saturday six hundred delinquent
notices were sent to studente who
had not yet paid. A collector will
be on the quad to-morrow to re
ceive further unpaid assessments.
Collections of delinquent student
body assessments on the quad this
morning amounted to $57. On
Saturday six hundred delinquent
notices were sent to studente who
had not yet paid. A collector will
be on the quad to-morrow to re
ceive further unpaid assessments.
