# Will Organize Rowing Club.
## 
### 
A rowing club for the women of
the University is an immediate
prospect, and already a hundred
names have been subscribed to the
lißt which the president of the
Woman's Athletic Association has
posted for entries.
It is expected that with the pro
posed club rowing will be firmly
initiated ae one of the women's
sports at Stanford. The services
of Coach Murphy may possibly be
arranged for the club, although
nothing has been arranged as yet.
At the regular meeting of the
Athletic Association to-morrow
plans for the rowing club will be
discussed and a committee ap
pointed to organize and oversee
this special branch of athletics.
A rowing club for the women of
the University is an immediate
prospect, and already a hundred
names have been subscribed to the
lißt which the president of the
Woman's Athletic Association has
posted for entries.
It is expected that with the pro
posed club rowing will be firmly
initiated ae one of the women's
sports at Stanford. The services
of Coach Murphy may possibly be
arranged for the club, although
nothing has been arranged as yet.
At the regular meeting of the
Athletic Association to-morrow
plans for the rowing club will be
discussed and a committee ap
pointed to organize and oversee
this special branch of athletics.
A rowing club for the women of
the University is an immediate
prospect, and already a hundred
names have been subscribed to the
lißt which the president of the
Woman's Athletic Association has
posted for entries.
It is expected that with the pro
posed club rowing will be firmly
initiated ae one of the women's
sports at Stanford. The services
of Coach Murphy may possibly be
arranged for the club, although
nothing has been arranged as yet.
At the regular meeting of the
Athletic Association to-morrow
plans for the rowing club will be
discussed and a committee ap
pointed to organize and oversee
this special branch of athletics.
A rowing club for the women of
the University is an immediate
prospect, and already a hundred
names have been subscribed to the
lißt which the president of the
Woman's Athletic Association has
posted for entries.
It is expected that with the pro
posed club rowing will be firmly
initiated ae one of the women's
sports at Stanford. The services
of Coach Murphy may possibly be
arranged for the club, although
nothing has been arranged as yet.
At the regular meeting of the
Athletic Association to-morrow
plans for the rowing club will be
discussed and a committee ap
pointed to organize and oversee
this special branch of athletics.
A rowing club for the women of
the University is an immediate
prospect, and already a hundred
names have been subscribed to the
lißt which the president of the
Woman's Athletic Association has
posted for entries.
It is expected that with the pro
posed club rowing will be firmly
initiated ae one of the women's
sports at Stanford. The services
of Coach Murphy may possibly be
arranged for the club, although
nothing has been arranged as yet.
At the regular meeting of the
Athletic Association to-morrow
plans for the rowing club will be
discussed and a committee ap
pointed to organize and oversee
this special branch of athletics.
A rowing club for the women of
the University is an immediate
prospect, and already a hundred
names have been subscribed to the
lißt which the president of the
Woman's Athletic Association has
posted for entries.
It is expected that with the pro
posed club rowing will be firmly
initiated ae one of the women's
sports at Stanford. The services
of Coach Murphy may possibly be
arranged for the club, although
nothing has been arranged as yet.
At the regular meeting of the
Athletic Association to-morrow
plans for the rowing club will be
discussed and a committee ap
pointed to organize and oversee
this special branch of athletics.
A rowing club for the women of
the University is an immediate
prospect, and already a hundred
names have been subscribed to the
lißt which the president of the
Woman's Athletic Association has
posted for entries.
It is expected that with the pro
posed club rowing will be firmly
initiated ae one of the women's
sports at Stanford. The services
of Coach Murphy may possibly be
arranged for the club, although
nothing has been arranged as yet.
At the regular meeting of the
Athletic Association to-morrow
plans for the rowing club will be
discussed and a committee ap
pointed to organize and oversee
this special branch of athletics.
A rowing club for the women of
the University is an immediate
prospect, and already a hundred
names have been subscribed to the
lißt which the president of the
Woman's Athletic Association has
posted for entries.
It is expected that with the pro
posed club rowing will be firmly
initiated ae one of the women's
sports at Stanford. The services
of Coach Murphy may possibly be
arranged for the club, although
nothing has been arranged as yet.
At the regular meeting of the
Athletic Association to-morrow
plans for the rowing club will be
discussed and a committee ap
pointed to organize and oversee
this special branch of athletics.
A rowing club for the women of
the University is an immediate
prospect, and already a hundred
names have been subscribed to the
lißt which the president of the
Woman's Athletic Association has
posted for entries.
It is expected that with the pro
posed club rowing will be firmly
initiated ae one of the women's
sports at Stanford. The services
of Coach Murphy may possibly be
arranged for the club, although
nothing has been arranged as yet.
At the regular meeting of the
Athletic Association to-morrow
plans for the rowing club will be
discussed and a committee ap
pointed to organize and oversee
this special branch of athletics.
