# Addressed Prohibition League.
## 
### 
Before the opening meeting of
the Prohibition League, held Sat
urday evening, President Jordan
discussed the effects alcoholic
liquors have on the brain.
Before the opening meeting of
the Prohibition League, held Sat
urday evening, President Jordan
discussed the effects alcoholic
liquors have on the brain.
Before the opening meeting of
the Prohibition League, held Sat
urday evening, President Jordan
discussed the effects alcoholic
liquors have on the brain.
Before the opening meeting of
the Prohibition League, held Sat
urday evening, President Jordan
discussed the effects alcoholic
liquors have on the brain.
Before the opening meeting of
the Prohibition League, held Sat
urday evening, President Jordan
discussed the effects alcoholic
liquors have on the brain.
Before the opening meeting of
the Prohibition League, held Sat
urday evening, President Jordan
discussed the effects alcoholic
liquors have on the brain.
Before the opening meeting of
the Prohibition League, held Sat
urday evening, President Jordan
discussed the effects alcoholic
liquors have on the brain.
Before the opening meeting of
the Prohibition League, held Sat
urday evening, President Jordan
discussed the effects alcoholic
liquors have on the brain.
Before the opening meeting of
the Prohibition League, held Sat
urday evening, President Jordan
discussed the effects alcoholic
liquors have on the brain.
