# Dink to Hold Free Concert Sunday
## 
### 
The Music Department will pre
sent a free, student-faculty cham
ber music concert at 4:30 p.m.
Sunday in Dinkelspiel Auditori
um.
The program includes Vivaldi’s
Concerto for Flute, Oboe and
Bassoon in G Minor, and a group
of songs by Francis Poulenc, in
cluding “Le Bestiaire.” The Stan
ford Chorale, under Prof. Harold
Schmidt’s direction, will sing
“Kyrie, Gott Vater” by Fortner,
“Motet: Benedict a es Coelorum
Regina” by Desprez, “Ecca Mor
morar I’Onda” by Monteverdi.
The final number will be a scene
from the opera “Night Flight” by
Dalla Piccola, with Prof. Sandor
Salgo conducting and Prof. Rob
ert Loper narrating.
