# Roble "Card" Informal To Be Held Tomorrow
## 
### 
Approximately 12ft couples will
attend the Roble Club "Card" in
formal tomorrow night from 9 to 1.
Presidents of sororities and of
Toyon, Branner, and Sequoia have
been invited and Ift of them have
accepted the invitation to attend.
Hearts, spades, clubs, and dia
monds are to be carried out in the
j decorations and programs. Craig's
Cardinals will furnish the music.
Approximately 12ft couples will
attend the Roble Club "Card" in
formal tomorrow night from 9 to 1.
Presidents of sororities and of
Toyon, Branner, and Sequoia have
been invited and Ift of them have
accepted the invitation to attend.
Hearts, spades, clubs, and dia
monds are to be carried out in the
j decorations and programs. Craig's
Cardinals will furnish the music.
Approximately 12ft couples will
attend the Roble Club "Card" in
formal tomorrow night from 9 to 1.
Presidents of sororities and of
Toyon, Branner, and Sequoia have
been invited and Ift of them have
accepted the invitation to attend.
Hearts, spades, clubs, and dia
monds are to be carried out in the
j decorations and programs. Craig's
Cardinals will furnish the music.
Approximately 12ft couples will
attend the Roble Club "Card" in
formal tomorrow night from 9 to 1.
Presidents of sororities and of
Toyon, Branner, and Sequoia have
been invited and Ift of them have
accepted the invitation to attend.
Hearts, spades, clubs, and dia
monds are to be carried out in the
j decorations and programs. Craig's
Cardinals will furnish the music.
Approximately 12ft couples will
attend the Roble Club "Card" in
formal tomorrow night from 9 to 1.
Presidents of sororities and of
Toyon, Branner, and Sequoia have
been invited and Ift of them have
accepted the invitation to attend.
Hearts, spades, clubs, and dia
monds are to be carried out in the
j decorations and programs. Craig's
Cardinals will furnish the music.
Approximately 12ft couples will
attend the Roble Club "Card" in
formal tomorrow night from 9 to 1.
Presidents of sororities and of
Toyon, Branner, and Sequoia have
been invited and Ift of them have
accepted the invitation to attend.
Hearts, spades, clubs, and dia
monds are to be carried out in the
j decorations and programs. Craig's
Cardinals will furnish the music.
Approximately 12ft couples will
attend the Roble Club "Card" in
formal tomorrow night from 9 to 1.
Presidents of sororities and of
Toyon, Branner, and Sequoia have
been invited and Ift of them have
accepted the invitation to attend.
Hearts, spades, clubs, and dia
monds are to be carried out in the
j decorations and programs. Craig's
Cardinals will furnish the music.
Approximately 12ft couples will
attend the Roble Club "Card" in
formal tomorrow night from 9 to 1.
Presidents of sororities and of
Toyon, Branner, and Sequoia have
been invited and Ift of them have
accepted the invitation to attend.
Hearts, spades, clubs, and dia
monds are to be carried out in the
j decorations and programs. Craig's
Cardinals will furnish the music.
Approximately 12ft couples will
attend the Roble Club "Card" in
formal tomorrow night from 9 to 1.
Presidents of sororities and of
Toyon, Branner, and Sequoia have
been invited and Ift of them have
accepted the invitation to attend.
Hearts, spades, clubs, and dia
monds are to be carried out in the
j decorations and programs. Craig's
Cardinals will furnish the music.
Approximately 12ft couples will
attend the Roble Club "Card" in
formal tomorrow night from 9 to 1.
Presidents of sororities and of
Toyon, Branner, and Sequoia have
been invited and Ift of them have
accepted the invitation to attend.
Hearts, spades, clubs, and dia
monds are to be carried out in the
j decorations and programs. Craig's
Cardinals will furnish the music.
Approximately 12ft couples will
attend the Roble Club "Card" in
formal tomorrow night from 9 to 1.
Presidents of sororities and of
Toyon, Branner, and Sequoia have
been invited and Ift of them have
accepted the invitation to attend.
Hearts, spades, clubs, and dia
monds are to be carried out in the
j decorations and programs. Craig's
Cardinals will furnish the music.
Approximately 12ft couples will
attend the Roble Club "Card" in
formal tomorrow night from 9 to 1.
Presidents of sororities and of
Toyon, Branner, and Sequoia have
been invited and Ift of them have
accepted the invitation to attend.
Hearts, spades, clubs, and dia
monds are to be carried out in the
j decorations and programs. Craig's
Cardinals will furnish the music.
Approximately 12ft couples will
attend the Roble Club "Card" in
formal tomorrow night from 9 to 1.
Presidents of sororities and of
Toyon, Branner, and Sequoia have
been invited and Ift of them have
accepted the invitation to attend.
Hearts, spades, clubs, and dia
monds are to be carried out in the
j decorations and programs. Craig's
Cardinals will furnish the music.
Approximately 12ft couples will
attend the Roble Club "Card" in
formal tomorrow night from 9 to 1.
Presidents of sororities and of
Toyon, Branner, and Sequoia have
been invited and Ift of them have
accepted the invitation to attend.
Hearts, spades, clubs, and dia
monds are to be carried out in the
j decorations and programs. Craig's
Cardinals will furnish the music.
Approximately 12ft couples will
attend the Roble Club "Card" in
formal tomorrow night from 9 to 1.
Presidents of sororities and of
Toyon, Branner, and Sequoia have
been invited and Ift of them have
accepted the invitation to attend.
Hearts, spades, clubs, and dia
monds are to be carried out in the
j decorations and programs. Craig's
Cardinals will furnish the music.
Approximately 12ft couples will
attend the Roble Club "Card" in
formal tomorrow night from 9 to 1.
Presidents of sororities and of
Toyon, Branner, and Sequoia have
been invited and Ift of them have
accepted the invitation to attend.
Hearts, spades, clubs, and dia
monds are to be carried out in the
j decorations and programs. Craig's
Cardinals will furnish the music.
