# Father Ricard Reported Improving At Sanitarium
## 
### 
SAN JOSE, Jan. 29. (TP) —Father
Jerome Ricard, University of Santa
Clara "patire of the rains" and
noted advocate of the sun spot
theory of weather forecasting, was
reported much improved at the
O'Connor sanitarium here today,
where he was taken yesterday fol
lowing a heart attack. Grave fears
were at first felt because of his
advanced af?e. Father Ricard is
SO years old and lias been con
nected with the University for a
long time.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 29. (TP) —Father
Jerome Ricard, University of Santa
Clara "patire of the rains" and
noted advocate of the sun spot
theory of weather forecasting, was
reported much improved at the
O'Connor sanitarium here today,
where he was taken yesterday fol
lowing a heart attack. Grave fears
were at first felt because of his
advanced af?e. Father Ricard is
SO years old and lias been con
nected with the University for a
long time.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 29. (TP) —Father
Jerome Ricard, University of Santa
Clara "patire of the rains" and
noted advocate of the sun spot
theory of weather forecasting, was
reported much improved at the
O'Connor sanitarium here today,
where he was taken yesterday fol
lowing a heart attack. Grave fears
were at first felt because of his
advanced af?e. Father Ricard is
SO years old and lias been con
nected with the University for a
long time.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 29. (TP) —Father
Jerome Ricard, University of Santa
Clara "patire of the rains" and
noted advocate of the sun spot
theory of weather forecasting, was
reported much improved at the
O'Connor sanitarium here today,
where he was taken yesterday fol
lowing a heart attack. Grave fears
were at first felt because of his
advanced af?e. Father Ricard is
SO years old and lias been con
nected with the University for a
long time.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 29. (TP) —Father
Jerome Ricard, University of Santa
Clara "patire of the rains" and
noted advocate of the sun spot
theory of weather forecasting, was
reported much improved at the
O'Connor sanitarium here today,
where he was taken yesterday fol
lowing a heart attack. Grave fears
were at first felt because of his
advanced af?e. Father Ricard is
SO years old and lias been con
nected with the University for a
long time.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 29. (TP) —Father
Jerome Ricard, University of Santa
Clara "patire of the rains" and
noted advocate of the sun spot
theory of weather forecasting, was
reported much improved at the
O'Connor sanitarium here today,
where he was taken yesterday fol
lowing a heart attack. Grave fears
were at first felt because of his
advanced af?e. Father Ricard is
SO years old and lias been con
nected with the University for a
long time.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 29. (TP) —Father
Jerome Ricard, University of Santa
Clara "patire of the rains" and
noted advocate of the sun spot
theory of weather forecasting, was
reported much improved at the
O'Connor sanitarium here today,
where he was taken yesterday fol
lowing a heart attack. Grave fears
were at first felt because of his
advanced af?e. Father Ricard is
SO years old and lias been con
nected with the University for a
long time.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 29. (TP) —Father
Jerome Ricard, University of Santa
Clara "patire of the rains" and
noted advocate of the sun spot
theory of weather forecasting, was
reported much improved at the
O'Connor sanitarium here today,
where he was taken yesterday fol
lowing a heart attack. Grave fears
were at first felt because of his
advanced af?e. Father Ricard is
SO years old and lias been con
nected with the University for a
long time.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 29. (TP) —Father
Jerome Ricard, University of Santa
Clara "patire of the rains" and
noted advocate of the sun spot
theory of weather forecasting, was
reported much improved at the
O'Connor sanitarium here today,
where he was taken yesterday fol
lowing a heart attack. Grave fears
were at first felt because of his
advanced af?e. Father Ricard is
SO years old and lias been con
nected with the University for a
long time.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 29. (TP) —Father
Jerome Ricard, University of Santa
Clara "patire of the rains" and
noted advocate of the sun spot
theory of weather forecasting, was
reported much improved at the
O'Connor sanitarium here today,
where he was taken yesterday fol
lowing a heart attack. Grave fears
were at first felt because of his
advanced af?e. Father Ricard is
SO years old and lias been con
nected with the University for a
long time.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 29. (TP) —Father
Jerome Ricard, University of Santa
Clara "patire of the rains" and
noted advocate of the sun spot
theory of weather forecasting, was
reported much improved at the
O'Connor sanitarium here today,
where he was taken yesterday fol
lowing a heart attack. Grave fears
were at first felt because of his
advanced af?e. Father Ricard is
SO years old and lias been con
nected with the University for a
long time.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 29. (TP) —Father
Jerome Ricard, University of Santa
Clara "patire of the rains" and
noted advocate of the sun spot
theory of weather forecasting, was
reported much improved at the
O'Connor sanitarium here today,
where he was taken yesterday fol
lowing a heart attack. Grave fears
were at first felt because of his
advanced af?e. Father Ricard is
SO years old and lias been con
nected with the University for a
long time.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 29. (TP) —Father
Jerome Ricard, University of Santa
Clara "patire of the rains" and
noted advocate of the sun spot
theory of weather forecasting, was
reported much improved at the
O'Connor sanitarium here today,
where he was taken yesterday fol
lowing a heart attack. Grave fears
were at first felt because of his
advanced af?e. Father Ricard is
SO years old and lias been con
nected with the University for a
long time.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 29. (TP) —Father
Jerome Ricard, University of Santa
Clara "patire of the rains" and
noted advocate of the sun spot
theory of weather forecasting, was
reported much improved at the
O'Connor sanitarium here today,
where he was taken yesterday fol
lowing a heart attack. Grave fears
were at first felt because of his
advanced af?e. Father Ricard is
SO years old and lias been con
nected with the University for a
long time.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 29. (TP) —Father
Jerome Ricard, University of Santa
Clara "patire of the rains" and
noted advocate of the sun spot
theory of weather forecasting, was
reported much improved at the
O'Connor sanitarium here today,
where he was taken yesterday fol
lowing a heart attack. Grave fears
were at first felt because of his
advanced af?e. Father Ricard is
SO years old and lias been con
nected with the University for a
long time.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 29. (TP) —Father
Jerome Ricard, University of Santa
Clara "patire of the rains" and
noted advocate of the sun spot
theory of weather forecasting, was
reported much improved at the
O'Connor sanitarium here today,
where he was taken yesterday fol
lowing a heart attack. Grave fears
were at first felt because of his
advanced af?e. Father Ricard is
SO years old and lias been con
nected with the University for a
long time.
