# U.C. Crew Coach
## 
### 

"Ky" Ebright is California's crew
mentor. He is counting on a strong
team for the 1930 season.

"Ky" Ebright is California's crew
mentor. He is counting on a strong
team for the 1930 season.

"Ky" Ebright is California's crew
mentor. He is counting on a strong
team for the 1930 season.

"Ky" Ebright is California's crew
mentor. He is counting on a strong
team for the 1930 season.

"Ky" Ebright is California's crew
mentor. He is counting on a strong
team for the 1930 season.

"Ky" Ebright is California's crew
mentor. He is counting on a strong
team for the 1930 season.

"Ky" Ebright is California's crew
mentor. He is counting on a strong
team for the 1930 season.

"Ky" Ebright is California's crew
mentor. He is counting on a strong
team for the 1930 season.

"Ky" Ebright is California's crew
mentor. He is counting on a strong
team for the 1930 season.

"Ky" Ebright is California's crew
mentor. He is counting on a strong
team for the 1930 season.

"Ky" Ebright is California's crew
mentor. He is counting on a strong
team for the 1930 season.

"Ky" Ebright is California's crew
mentor. He is counting on a strong
team for the 1930 season.

"Ky" Ebright is California's crew
mentor. He is counting on a strong
team for the 1930 season.

"Ky" Ebright is California's crew
mentor. He is counting on a strong
team for the 1930 season.

"Ky" Ebright is California's crew
mentor. He is counting on a strong
team for the 1930 season.

"Ky" Ebright is California's crew
mentor. He is counting on a strong
team for the 1930 season.
