# FRANCE DEMANDS ENOUGH TONNAGE TO CARRY WINES
## 
### 
LONDON, Jan. 2!). (/P)â€”
There is a link between war
ships and wine, and the Lon
don Naval Conference has dis
covered it.
Talks between naval ex
perts have revealed that Latin
countries must have warships
bin enough to store wine
casks for the crew. The prob
lem is readily solved in bat
tleships and large cruisers,
hut in the smaller submarines
and torpedo boats it becomes
serious. The extra displace
ment and greater tonnage re
quired to serve French blue
jackets wine with their bread
is something to be considered
in fixing naval ratios between
nations.
