# Sophomore Women Will Help Furnish Gymnasium
## 
### 
Sophomore women decided unani
mously to help with furnishing
some part of the new women's gym
at the regular luncheon yesterday.
Committees are to be appointed
to investigate the different possi
bilities and those interested are
requested to see Jane Snyder, cabi
net chairman. A week-end trip to
Asilomar was also planned for
March 1-2.
Sophomore women decided unani
mously to help with furnishing
some part of the new women's gym
at the regular luncheon yesterday.
Committees are to be appointed
to investigate the different possi
bilities and those interested are
requested to see Jane Snyder, cabi
net chairman. A week-end trip to
Asilomar was also planned for
March 1-2.
Sophomore women decided unani
mously to help with furnishing
some part of the new women's gym
at the regular luncheon yesterday.
Committees are to be appointed
to investigate the different possi
bilities and those interested are
requested to see Jane Snyder, cabi
net chairman. A week-end trip to
Asilomar was also planned for
March 1-2.
Sophomore women decided unani
mously to help with furnishing
some part of the new women's gym
at the regular luncheon yesterday.
Committees are to be appointed
to investigate the different possi
bilities and those interested are
requested to see Jane Snyder, cabi
net chairman. A week-end trip to
Asilomar was also planned for
March 1-2.
Sophomore women decided unani
mously to help with furnishing
some part of the new women's gym
at the regular luncheon yesterday.
Committees are to be appointed
to investigate the different possi
bilities and those interested are
requested to see Jane Snyder, cabi
net chairman. A week-end trip to
Asilomar was also planned for
March 1-2.
Sophomore women decided unani
mously to help with furnishing
some part of the new women's gym
at the regular luncheon yesterday.
Committees are to be appointed
to investigate the different possi
bilities and those interested are
requested to see Jane Snyder, cabi
net chairman. A week-end trip to
Asilomar was also planned for
March 1-2.
Sophomore women decided unani
mously to help with furnishing
some part of the new women's gym
at the regular luncheon yesterday.
Committees are to be appointed
to investigate the different possi
bilities and those interested are
requested to see Jane Snyder, cabi
net chairman. A week-end trip to
Asilomar was also planned for
March 1-2.
Sophomore women decided unani
mously to help with furnishing
some part of the new women's gym
at the regular luncheon yesterday.
Committees are to be appointed
to investigate the different possi
bilities and those interested are
requested to see Jane Snyder, cabi
net chairman. A week-end trip to
Asilomar was also planned for
March 1-2.
Sophomore women decided unani
mously to help with furnishing
some part of the new women's gym
at the regular luncheon yesterday.
Committees are to be appointed
to investigate the different possi
bilities and those interested are
requested to see Jane Snyder, cabi
net chairman. A week-end trip to
Asilomar was also planned for
March 1-2.
Sophomore women decided unani
mously to help with furnishing
some part of the new women's gym
at the regular luncheon yesterday.
Committees are to be appointed
to investigate the different possi
bilities and those interested are
requested to see Jane Snyder, cabi
net chairman. A week-end trip to
Asilomar was also planned for
March 1-2.
Sophomore women decided unani
mously to help with furnishing
some part of the new women's gym
at the regular luncheon yesterday.
Committees are to be appointed
to investigate the different possi
bilities and those interested are
requested to see Jane Snyder, cabi
net chairman. A week-end trip to
Asilomar was also planned for
March 1-2.
Sophomore women decided unani
mously to help with furnishing
some part of the new women's gym
at the regular luncheon yesterday.
Committees are to be appointed
to investigate the different possi
bilities and those interested are
requested to see Jane Snyder, cabi
net chairman. A week-end trip to
Asilomar was also planned for
March 1-2.
Sophomore women decided unani
mously to help with furnishing
some part of the new women's gym
at the regular luncheon yesterday.
Committees are to be appointed
to investigate the different possi
bilities and those interested are
requested to see Jane Snyder, cabi
net chairman. A week-end trip to
Asilomar was also planned for
March 1-2.
Sophomore women decided unani
mously to help with furnishing
some part of the new women's gym
at the regular luncheon yesterday.
Committees are to be appointed
to investigate the different possi
bilities and those interested are
requested to see Jane Snyder, cabi
net chairman. A week-end trip to
Asilomar was also planned for
March 1-2.
Sophomore women decided unani
mously to help with furnishing
some part of the new women's gym
at the regular luncheon yesterday.
Committees are to be appointed
to investigate the different possi
bilities and those interested are
requested to see Jane Snyder, cabi
net chairman. A week-end trip to
Asilomar was also planned for
March 1-2.
Sophomore women decided unani
mously to help with furnishing
some part of the new women's gym
at the regular luncheon yesterday.
Committees are to be appointed
to investigate the different possi
bilities and those interested are
requested to see Jane Snyder, cabi
net chairman. A week-end trip to
Asilomar was also planned for
March 1-2.
