# La 						Barba Wins Fight In Los Angeles From Torres
## 
### 
Fidel La Barba, ex-lightweight
boxing champion of the world and
former Stanford student, culminat
ed a fight at the Olympic. Audi
torium at Los Angeles, Tuesday
night, with a nine-count knockdown
in the ninth round. La Barba
trounced Johnny Torres from pil
lar to post in the ten-round main
event. Torres was not in the run
ning from the first round on, when
Fidel opened with an irresistable
body attack.
Fidel La Barba, ex-lightweight
boxing champion of the world and
former Stanford student, culminat
ed a fight at the Olympic. Audi
torium at Los Angeles, Tuesday
night, with a nine-count knockdown
in the ninth round. La Barba
trounced Johnny Torres from pil
lar to post in the ten-round main
event. Torres was not in the run
ning from the first round on, when
Fidel opened with an irresistable
body attack.
Fidel La Barba, ex-lightweight
boxing champion of the world and
former Stanford student, culminat
ed a fight at the Olympic. Audi
torium at Los Angeles, Tuesday
night, with a nine-count knockdown
in the ninth round. La Barba
trounced Johnny Torres from pil
lar to post in the ten-round main
event. Torres was not in the run
ning from the first round on, when
Fidel opened with an irresistable
body attack.
Fidel La Barba, ex-lightweight
boxing champion of the world and
former Stanford student, culminat
ed a fight at the Olympic. Audi
torium at Los Angeles, Tuesday
night, with a nine-count knockdown
in the ninth round. La Barba
trounced Johnny Torres from pil
lar to post in the ten-round main
event. Torres was not in the run
ning from the first round on, when
Fidel opened with an irresistable
body attack.
Fidel La Barba, ex-lightweight
boxing champion of the world and
former Stanford student, culminat
ed a fight at the Olympic. Audi
torium at Los Angeles, Tuesday
night, with a nine-count knockdown
in the ninth round. La Barba
trounced Johnny Torres from pil
lar to post in the ten-round main
event. Torres was not in the run
ning from the first round on, when
Fidel opened with an irresistable
body attack.
Fidel La Barba, ex-lightweight
boxing champion of the world and
former Stanford student, culminat
ed a fight at the Olympic. Audi
torium at Los Angeles, Tuesday
night, with a nine-count knockdown
in the ninth round. La Barba
trounced Johnny Torres from pil
lar to post in the ten-round main
event. Torres was not in the run
ning from the first round on, when
Fidel opened with an irresistable
body attack.
Fidel La Barba, ex-lightweight
boxing champion of the world and
former Stanford student, culminat
ed a fight at the Olympic. Audi
torium at Los Angeles, Tuesday
night, with a nine-count knockdown
in the ninth round. La Barba
trounced Johnny Torres from pil
lar to post in the ten-round main
event. Torres was not in the run
ning from the first round on, when
Fidel opened with an irresistable
body attack.
Fidel La Barba, ex-lightweight
boxing champion of the world and
former Stanford student, culminat
ed a fight at the Olympic. Audi
torium at Los Angeles, Tuesday
night, with a nine-count knockdown
in the ninth round. La Barba
trounced Johnny Torres from pil
lar to post in the ten-round main
event. Torres was not in the run
ning from the first round on, when
Fidel opened with an irresistable
body attack.
Fidel La Barba, ex-lightweight
boxing champion of the world and
former Stanford student, culminat
ed a fight at the Olympic. Audi
torium at Los Angeles, Tuesday
night, with a nine-count knockdown
in the ninth round. La Barba
trounced Johnny Torres from pil
lar to post in the ten-round main
event. Torres was not in the run
ning from the first round on, when
Fidel opened with an irresistable
body attack.
Fidel La Barba, ex-lightweight
boxing champion of the world and
former Stanford student, culminat
ed a fight at the Olympic. Audi
torium at Los Angeles, Tuesday
night, with a nine-count knockdown
in the ninth round. La Barba
trounced Johnny Torres from pil
lar to post in the ten-round main
event. Torres was not in the run
ning from the first round on, when
Fidel opened with an irresistable
body attack.
Fidel La Barba, ex-lightweight
boxing champion of the world and
former Stanford student, culminat
ed a fight at the Olympic. Audi
torium at Los Angeles, Tuesday
night, with a nine-count knockdown
in the ninth round. La Barba
trounced Johnny Torres from pil
lar to post in the ten-round main
event. Torres was not in the run
ning from the first round on, when
Fidel opened with an irresistable
body attack.
Fidel La Barba, ex-lightweight
boxing champion of the world and
former Stanford student, culminat
ed a fight at the Olympic. Audi
torium at Los Angeles, Tuesday
night, with a nine-count knockdown
in the ninth round. La Barba
trounced Johnny Torres from pil
lar to post in the ten-round main
event. Torres was not in the run
ning from the first round on, when
Fidel opened with an irresistable
body attack.
Fidel La Barba, ex-lightweight
boxing champion of the world and
former Stanford student, culminat
ed a fight at the Olympic. Audi
torium at Los Angeles, Tuesday
night, with a nine-count knockdown
in the ninth round. La Barba
trounced Johnny Torres from pil
lar to post in the ten-round main
event. Torres was not in the run
ning from the first round on, when
Fidel opened with an irresistable
body attack.
Fidel La Barba, ex-lightweight
boxing champion of the world and
former Stanford student, culminat
ed a fight at the Olympic. Audi
torium at Los Angeles, Tuesday
night, with a nine-count knockdown
in the ninth round. La Barba
trounced Johnny Torres from pil
lar to post in the ten-round main
event. Torres was not in the run
ning from the first round on, when
Fidel opened with an irresistable
body attack.
Fidel La Barba, ex-lightweight
boxing champion of the world and
former Stanford student, culminat
ed a fight at the Olympic. Audi
torium at Los Angeles, Tuesday
night, with a nine-count knockdown
in the ninth round. La Barba
trounced Johnny Torres from pil
lar to post in the ten-round main
event. Torres was not in the run
ning from the first round on, when
Fidel opened with an irresistable
body attack.
Fidel La Barba, ex-lightweight
boxing champion of the world and
former Stanford student, culminat
ed a fight at the Olympic. Audi
torium at Los Angeles, Tuesday
night, with a nine-count knockdown
in the ninth round. La Barba
trounced Johnny Torres from pil
lar to post in the ten-round main
event. Torres was not in the run
ning from the first round on, when
Fidel opened with an irresistable
body attack.
