# Student War Poll Survey Revealed
## 
### 
Results from the Student Opinion
Surveys of America on questions
concerning the present war were
announced yesterday by Sam
Holmes, associate editor of the poll.
Taken co-operatively by students
from Maine to California, the poll
presented a panel of four answers to
the interviewees. According to the
answers, 28 per cent believed the
United Nations arc doing all they
can, and they will eventually de
feat the Axis; 32 per cent con
sidered that the United Nations are
doing as well as could be expected,
and they will probably defeat the
Axis; 30 per cent thought that the
United Nations arc not doing as
well as was expected, and there is a
chance they might lose the war; 2
per cent stated that the Axis powers
are doing so well it looks as if the
United Nations might lose.
