# SOCCER MEN WILL PLAY ON ALL-STAR TEAM IN PALO ALTO
## 
### 
Several varsity soccer players will
represent Stanford Sunday in a soccer
game between an All-Star team com
posed of men on the University and
Club League teams outside of San
Francisco and another simflar team
made up of players on teams within
the city. The Stanford men will plaj
with members of the American Legion
and Trafalgar teams. Those who will
take part are: Elmore, Ta'am. Dwighl,
Howe, and Clark.
The contest will take place at 2:30
on the American Legion grounds in
Palo Alto. The purpose of this post
season game is to create interest in
the sport among high school student*
and furnish entertainment for the per
sons now acquainted with the game.
Several varsity soccer players will
represent Stanford Sunday in a soccer
game between an All-Star team com
posed of men on the University and
Club League teams outside of San
Francisco and another simflar team
made up of players on teams within
the city. The Stanford men will plaj
with members of the American Legion
and Trafalgar teams. Those who will
take part are: Elmore, Ta'am. Dwighl,
Howe, and Clark.
The contest will take place at 2:30
on the American Legion grounds in
Palo Alto. The purpose of this post
season game is to create interest in
the sport among high school student*
and furnish entertainment for the per
sons now acquainted with the game.
Several varsity soccer players will
represent Stanford Sunday in a soccer
game between an All-Star team com
posed of men on the University and
Club League teams outside of San
Francisco and another simflar team
made up of players on teams within
the city. The Stanford men will plaj
with members of the American Legion
and Trafalgar teams. Those who will
take part are: Elmore, Ta'am. Dwighl,
Howe, and Clark.
The contest will take place at 2:30
on the American Legion grounds in
Palo Alto. The purpose of this post
season game is to create interest in
the sport among high school student*
and furnish entertainment for the per
sons now acquainted with the game.
Several varsity soccer players will
represent Stanford Sunday in a soccer
game between an All-Star team com
posed of men on the University and
Club League teams outside of San
Francisco and another simflar team
made up of players on teams within
the city. The Stanford men will plaj
with members of the American Legion
and Trafalgar teams. Those who will
take part are: Elmore, Ta'am. Dwighl,
Howe, and Clark.
The contest will take place at 2:30
on the American Legion grounds in
Palo Alto. The purpose of this post
season game is to create interest in
the sport among high school student*
and furnish entertainment for the per
sons now acquainted with the game.
Several varsity soccer players will
represent Stanford Sunday in a soccer
game between an All-Star team com
posed of men on the University and
Club League teams outside of San
Francisco and another simflar team
made up of players on teams within
the city. The Stanford men will plaj
with members of the American Legion
and Trafalgar teams. Those who will
take part are: Elmore, Ta'am. Dwighl,
Howe, and Clark.
The contest will take place at 2:30
on the American Legion grounds in
Palo Alto. The purpose of this post
season game is to create interest in
the sport among high school student*
and furnish entertainment for the per
sons now acquainted with the game.
Several varsity soccer players will
represent Stanford Sunday in a soccer
game between an All-Star team com
posed of men on the University and
Club League teams outside of San
Francisco and another simflar team
made up of players on teams within
the city. The Stanford men will plaj
with members of the American Legion
and Trafalgar teams. Those who will
take part are: Elmore, Ta'am. Dwighl,
Howe, and Clark.
The contest will take place at 2:30
on the American Legion grounds in
Palo Alto. The purpose of this post
season game is to create interest in
the sport among high school student*
and furnish entertainment for the per
sons now acquainted with the game.
Several varsity soccer players will
represent Stanford Sunday in a soccer
game between an All-Star team com
posed of men on the University and
Club League teams outside of San
Francisco and another simflar team
made up of players on teams within
the city. The Stanford men will plaj
with members of the American Legion
and Trafalgar teams. Those who will
take part are: Elmore, Ta'am. Dwighl,
Howe, and Clark.
The contest will take place at 2:30
on the American Legion grounds in
Palo Alto. The purpose of this post
season game is to create interest in
the sport among high school student*
and furnish entertainment for the per
sons now acquainted with the game.
Several varsity soccer players will
represent Stanford Sunday in a soccer
game between an All-Star team com
posed of men on the University and
Club League teams outside of San
Francisco and another simflar team
made up of players on teams within
the city. The Stanford men will plaj
with members of the American Legion
and Trafalgar teams. Those who will
take part are: Elmore, Ta'am. Dwighl,
Howe, and Clark.
The contest will take place at 2:30
on the American Legion grounds in
Palo Alto. The purpose of this post
season game is to create interest in
the sport among high school student*
and furnish entertainment for the per
sons now acquainted with the game.
Several varsity soccer players will
represent Stanford Sunday in a soccer
game between an All-Star team com
posed of men on the University and
Club League teams outside of San
Francisco and another simflar team
made up of players on teams within
the city. The Stanford men will plaj
with members of the American Legion
and Trafalgar teams. Those who will
take part are: Elmore, Ta'am. Dwighl,
Howe, and Clark.
The contest will take place at 2:30
on the American Legion grounds in
Palo Alto. The purpose of this post
season game is to create interest in
the sport among high school student*
and furnish entertainment for the per
sons now acquainted with the game.
Several varsity soccer players will
represent Stanford Sunday in a soccer
game between an All-Star team com
posed of men on the University and
Club League teams outside of San
Francisco and another simflar team
made up of players on teams within
the city. The Stanford men will plaj
with members of the American Legion
and Trafalgar teams. Those who will
take part are: Elmore, Ta'am. Dwighl,
Howe, and Clark.
The contest will take place at 2:30
on the American Legion grounds in
Palo Alto. The purpose of this post
season game is to create interest in
the sport among high school student*
and furnish entertainment for the per
sons now acquainted with the game.
Several varsity soccer players will
represent Stanford Sunday in a soccer
game between an All-Star team com
posed of men on the University and
Club League teams outside of San
Francisco and another simflar team
made up of players on teams within
the city. The Stanford men will plaj
with members of the American Legion
and Trafalgar teams. Those who will
take part are: Elmore, Ta'am. Dwighl,
Howe, and Clark.
The contest will take place at 2:30
on the American Legion grounds in
Palo Alto. The purpose of this post
season game is to create interest in
the sport among high school student*
and furnish entertainment for the per
sons now acquainted with the game.
Several varsity soccer players will
represent Stanford Sunday in a soccer
game between an All-Star team com
posed of men on the University and
Club League teams outside of San
Francisco and another simflar team
made up of players on teams within
the city. The Stanford men will plaj
with members of the American Legion
and Trafalgar teams. Those who will
take part are: Elmore, Ta'am. Dwighl,
Howe, and Clark.
The contest will take place at 2:30
on the American Legion grounds in
Palo Alto. The purpose of this post
season game is to create interest in
the sport among high school student*
and furnish entertainment for the per
sons now acquainted with the game.
Several varsity soccer players will
represent Stanford Sunday in a soccer
game between an All-Star team com
posed of men on the University and
Club League teams outside of San
Francisco and another simflar team
made up of players on teams within
the city. The Stanford men will plaj
with members of the American Legion
and Trafalgar teams. Those who will
take part are: Elmore, Ta'am. Dwighl,
Howe, and Clark.
The contest will take place at 2:30
on the American Legion grounds in
Palo Alto. The purpose of this post
season game is to create interest in
the sport among high school student*
and furnish entertainment for the per
sons now acquainted with the game.
Several varsity soccer players will
represent Stanford Sunday in a soccer
game between an All-Star team com
posed of men on the University and
Club League teams outside of San
Francisco and another simflar team
made up of players on teams within
the city. The Stanford men will plaj
with members of the American Legion
and Trafalgar teams. Those who will
take part are: Elmore, Ta'am. Dwighl,
Howe, and Clark.
The contest will take place at 2:30
on the American Legion grounds in
Palo Alto. The purpose of this post
season game is to create interest in
the sport among high school student*
and furnish entertainment for the per
sons now acquainted with the game.
Several varsity soccer players will
represent Stanford Sunday in a soccer
game between an All-Star team com
posed of men on the University and
Club League teams outside of San
Francisco and another simflar team
made up of players on teams within
the city. The Stanford men will plaj
with members of the American Legion
and Trafalgar teams. Those who will
take part are: Elmore, Ta'am. Dwighl,
Howe, and Clark.
The contest will take place at 2:30
on the American Legion grounds in
Palo Alto. The purpose of this post
season game is to create interest in
the sport among high school student*
and furnish entertainment for the per
sons now acquainted with the game.
