# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The following seniors will usher
in the Memorial Church Sunday
morning, March 4:
A. C. Kirkwood
C. A. Newlin
T. H. Shepherd
L. S. Bush
The following seniors will usher
in the Memorial Church Sunday
morning, March 4:
A. C. Kirkwood
C. A. Newlin
T. H. Shepherd
L. S. Bush
The following seniors will usher
in the Memorial Church Sunday
morning, March 4:
A. C. Kirkwood
C. A. Newlin
T. H. Shepherd
L. S. Bush
The following seniors will usher
in the Memorial Church Sunday
morning, March 4:
A. C. Kirkwood
C. A. Newlin
T. H. Shepherd
L. S. Bush
The following seniors will usher
in the Memorial Church Sunday
morning, March 4:
A. C. Kirkwood
C. A. Newlin
T. H. Shepherd
L. S. Bush
The following seniors will usher
in the Memorial Church Sunday
morning, March 4:
A. C. Kirkwood
C. A. Newlin
T. H. Shepherd
L. S. Bush
The following seniors will usher
in the Memorial Church Sunday
morning, March 4:
A. C. Kirkwood
C. A. Newlin
T. H. Shepherd
L. S. Bush
The following seniors will usher
in the Memorial Church Sunday
morning, March 4:
A. C. Kirkwood
C. A. Newlin
T. H. Shepherd
L. S. Bush
The following seniors will usher
in the Memorial Church Sunday
morning, March 4:
A. C. Kirkwood
C. A. Newlin
T. H. Shepherd
L. S. Bush
The following seniors will usher
in the Memorial Church Sunday
morning, March 4:
A. C. Kirkwood
C. A. Newlin
T. H. Shepherd
L. S. Bush
The following seniors will usher
in the Memorial Church Sunday
morning, March 4:
A. C. Kirkwood
C. A. Newlin
T. H. Shepherd
L. S. Bush
The following seniors will usher
in the Memorial Church Sunday
morning, March 4:
A. C. Kirkwood
C. A. Newlin
T. H. Shepherd
L. S. Bush
The following seniors will usher
in the Memorial Church Sunday
morning, March 4:
A. C. Kirkwood
C. A. Newlin
T. H. Shepherd
L. S. Bush
The following seniors will usher
in the Memorial Church Sunday
morning, March 4:
A. C. Kirkwood
C. A. Newlin
T. H. Shepherd
L. S. Bush
The following seniors will usher
in the Memorial Church Sunday
morning, March 4:
A. C. Kirkwood
C. A. Newlin
T. H. Shepherd
L. S. Bush
