# Indian Nine Goes For Nine
## 
### 
Stanford's baseball team seeks
to go into final exams with an
undefeated 9-0 record after this
weekend's two games with Santa
Clara. Currently the Tribe has
not been pressed in winning seven
in a row.
Dick Kovasevieh and Mike Con
nelly. both extremely effective
thus far in the season will be on
the hill on Friday and Saturday
afternoon's games, respectively.
Stanford's baseball team seeks
to go into final exams with an
undefeated 9-0 record after this
weekend's two games with Santa
Clara. Currently the Tribe has
not been pressed in winning seven
in a row.
Dick Kovasevieh and Mike Con
nelly. both extremely effective
thus far in the season will be on
the hill on Friday and Saturday
afternoon's games, respectively.
Stanford's baseball team seeks
to go into final exams with an
undefeated 9-0 record after this
weekend's two games with Santa
Clara. Currently the Tribe has
not been pressed in winning seven
in a row.
Dick Kovasevieh and Mike Con
nelly. both extremely effective
thus far in the season will be on
the hill on Friday and Saturday
afternoon's games, respectively.
Stanford's baseball team seeks
to go into final exams with an
undefeated 9-0 record after this
weekend's two games with Santa
Clara. Currently the Tribe has
not been pressed in winning seven
in a row.
Dick Kovasevieh and Mike Con
nelly. both extremely effective
thus far in the season will be on
the hill on Friday and Saturday
afternoon's games, respectively.
Stanford's baseball team seeks
to go into final exams with an
undefeated 9-0 record after this
weekend's two games with Santa
Clara. Currently the Tribe has
not been pressed in winning seven
in a row.
Dick Kovasevieh and Mike Con
nelly. both extremely effective
thus far in the season will be on
the hill on Friday and Saturday
afternoon's games, respectively.
Stanford's baseball team seeks
to go into final exams with an
undefeated 9-0 record after this
weekend's two games with Santa
Clara. Currently the Tribe has
not been pressed in winning seven
in a row.
Dick Kovasevieh and Mike Con
nelly. both extremely effective
thus far in the season will be on
the hill on Friday and Saturday
afternoon's games, respectively.
Stanford's baseball team seeks
to go into final exams with an
undefeated 9-0 record after this
weekend's two games with Santa
Clara. Currently the Tribe has
not been pressed in winning seven
in a row.
Dick Kovasevieh and Mike Con
nelly. both extremely effective
thus far in the season will be on
the hill on Friday and Saturday
afternoon's games, respectively.
Stanford's baseball team seeks
to go into final exams with an
undefeated 9-0 record after this
weekend's two games with Santa
Clara. Currently the Tribe has
not been pressed in winning seven
in a row.
Dick Kovasevieh and Mike Con
nelly. both extremely effective
thus far in the season will be on
the hill on Friday and Saturday
afternoon's games, respectively.
Stanford's baseball team seeks
to go into final exams with an
undefeated 9-0 record after this
weekend's two games with Santa
Clara. Currently the Tribe has
not been pressed in winning seven
in a row.
Dick Kovasevieh and Mike Con
nelly. both extremely effective
thus far in the season will be on
the hill on Friday and Saturday
afternoon's games, respectively.
Stanford's baseball team seeks
to go into final exams with an
undefeated 9-0 record after this
weekend's two games with Santa
Clara. Currently the Tribe has
not been pressed in winning seven
in a row.
Dick Kovasevieh and Mike Con
nelly. both extremely effective
thus far in the season will be on
the hill on Friday and Saturday
afternoon's games, respectively.
Stanford's baseball team seeks
to go into final exams with an
undefeated 9-0 record after this
weekend's two games with Santa
Clara. Currently the Tribe has
not been pressed in winning seven
in a row.
Dick Kovasevieh and Mike Con
nelly. both extremely effective
thus far in the season will be on
the hill on Friday and Saturday
afternoon's games, respectively.
Stanford's baseball team seeks
to go into final exams with an
undefeated 9-0 record after this
weekend's two games with Santa
Clara. Currently the Tribe has
not been pressed in winning seven
in a row.
Dick Kovasevieh and Mike Con
nelly. both extremely effective
thus far in the season will be on
the hill on Friday and Saturday
afternoon's games, respectively.
Stanford's baseball team seeks
to go into final exams with an
undefeated 9-0 record after this
weekend's two games with Santa
Clara. Currently the Tribe has
not been pressed in winning seven
in a row.
Dick Kovasevieh and Mike Con
nelly. both extremely effective
thus far in the season will be on
the hill on Friday and Saturday
afternoon's games, respectively.
Stanford's baseball team seeks
to go into final exams with an
undefeated 9-0 record after this
weekend's two games with Santa
Clara. Currently the Tribe has
not been pressed in winning seven
in a row.
Dick Kovasevieh and Mike Con
nelly. both extremely effective
thus far in the season will be on
the hill on Friday and Saturday
afternoon's games, respectively.
Stanford's baseball team seeks
to go into final exams with an
undefeated 9-0 record after this
weekend's two games with Santa
Clara. Currently the Tribe has
not been pressed in winning seven
in a row.
Dick Kovasevieh and Mike Con
nelly. both extremely effective
thus far in the season will be on
the hill on Friday and Saturday
afternoon's games, respectively.
