# Measles Cases Number Fifteen
## 
### 
Two new cases of measles en
tered Palo Alto Hospital yesterday,
making a total of five confined there.
Ten others are in the isolation home
awaitiny discharge after their period
of incarceration.
According to Dr. Thomas A. Stor
ey, chairman of the faculty com
mittee on public health, the third
outbreak of the epidemic should be
gin about the first of the week, but
the number of students affected
should be far le: s than during the
first, two waves.
Dr. Storey, also said: ''I wish to
express the committer's appreciation
for the co-operation and construc
tive attitude of the Ex Committee,
The Daily, Women's Conference, and
the Interfraternity Council toward
ihc controlling of the measles epi
demic. Without the co-operation of
those groups and the community,
control of ihe epidemic would have
been impossible."
Two new cases of measles en
tered Palo Alto Hospital yesterday,
making a total of five confined there.
Ten others are in the isolation home
awaitiny discharge after their period
of incarceration.
According to Dr. Thomas A. Stor
ey, chairman of the faculty com
mittee on public health, the third
outbreak of the epidemic should be
gin about the first of the week, but
the number of students affected
should be far le: s than during the
first, two waves.
Dr. Storey, also said: ''I wish to
express the committer's appreciation
for the co-operation and construc
tive attitude of the Ex Committee,
The Daily, Women's Conference, and
the Interfraternity Council toward
ihc controlling of the measles epi
demic. Without the co-operation of
those groups and the community,
control of ihe epidemic would have
been impossible."
Two new cases of measles en
tered Palo Alto Hospital yesterday,
making a total of five confined there.
Ten others are in the isolation home
awaitiny discharge after their period
of incarceration.
According to Dr. Thomas A. Stor
ey, chairman of the faculty com
mittee on public health, the third
outbreak of the epidemic should be
gin about the first of the week, but
the number of students affected
should be far le: s than during the
first, two waves.
Dr. Storey, also said: ''I wish to
express the committer's appreciation
for the co-operation and construc
tive attitude of the Ex Committee,
The Daily, Women's Conference, and
the Interfraternity Council toward
ihc controlling of the measles epi
demic. Without the co-operation of
those groups and the community,
control of ihe epidemic would have
been impossible."
Two new cases of measles en
tered Palo Alto Hospital yesterday,
making a total of five confined there.
Ten others are in the isolation home
awaitiny discharge after their period
of incarceration.
According to Dr. Thomas A. Stor
ey, chairman of the faculty com
mittee on public health, the third
outbreak of the epidemic should be
gin about the first of the week, but
the number of students affected
should be far le: s than during the
first, two waves.
Dr. Storey, also said: ''I wish to
express the committer's appreciation
for the co-operation and construc
tive attitude of the Ex Committee,
The Daily, Women's Conference, and
the Interfraternity Council toward
ihc controlling of the measles epi
demic. Without the co-operation of
those groups and the community,
control of ihe epidemic would have
been impossible."
Two new cases of measles en
tered Palo Alto Hospital yesterday,
making a total of five confined there.
Ten others are in the isolation home
awaitiny discharge after their period
of incarceration.
According to Dr. Thomas A. Stor
ey, chairman of the faculty com
mittee on public health, the third
outbreak of the epidemic should be
gin about the first of the week, but
the number of students affected
should be far le: s than during the
first, two waves.
Dr. Storey, also said: ''I wish to
express the committer's appreciation
for the co-operation and construc
tive attitude of the Ex Committee,
The Daily, Women's Conference, and
the Interfraternity Council toward
ihc controlling of the measles epi
demic. Without the co-operation of
those groups and the community,
control of ihe epidemic would have
been impossible."
Two new cases of measles en
tered Palo Alto Hospital yesterday,
making a total of five confined there.
Ten others are in the isolation home
awaitiny discharge after their period
of incarceration.
According to Dr. Thomas A. Stor
ey, chairman of the faculty com
mittee on public health, the third
outbreak of the epidemic should be
gin about the first of the week, but
the number of students affected
should be far le: s than during the
first, two waves.
Dr. Storey, also said: ''I wish to
express the committer's appreciation
for the co-operation and construc
tive attitude of the Ex Committee,
The Daily, Women's Conference, and
the Interfraternity Council toward
ihc controlling of the measles epi
demic. Without the co-operation of
those groups and the community,
control of ihe epidemic would have
been impossible."
Two new cases of measles en
tered Palo Alto Hospital yesterday,
making a total of five confined there.
Ten others are in the isolation home
awaitiny discharge after their period
of incarceration.
According to Dr. Thomas A. Stor
ey, chairman of the faculty com
mittee on public health, the third
outbreak of the epidemic should be
gin about the first of the week, but
the number of students affected
should be far le: s than during the
first, two waves.
Dr. Storey, also said: ''I wish to
express the committer's appreciation
for the co-operation and construc
tive attitude of the Ex Committee,
The Daily, Women's Conference, and
the Interfraternity Council toward
ihc controlling of the measles epi
demic. Without the co-operation of
those groups and the community,
control of ihe epidemic would have
been impossible."
Two new cases of measles en
tered Palo Alto Hospital yesterday,
making a total of five confined there.
Ten others are in the isolation home
awaitiny discharge after their period
of incarceration.
According to Dr. Thomas A. Stor
ey, chairman of the faculty com
mittee on public health, the third
outbreak of the epidemic should be
gin about the first of the week, but
the number of students affected
should be far le: s than during the
first, two waves.
Dr. Storey, also said: ''I wish to
express the committer's appreciation
for the co-operation and construc
tive attitude of the Ex Committee,
The Daily, Women's Conference, and
the Interfraternity Council toward
ihc controlling of the measles epi
demic. Without the co-operation of
those groups and the community,
control of ihe epidemic would have
been impossible."
Two new cases of measles en
tered Palo Alto Hospital yesterday,
making a total of five confined there.
Ten others are in the isolation home
awaitiny discharge after their period
of incarceration.
According to Dr. Thomas A. Stor
ey, chairman of the faculty com
mittee on public health, the third
outbreak of the epidemic should be
gin about the first of the week, but
the number of students affected
should be far le: s than during the
first, two waves.
Dr. Storey, also said: ''I wish to
express the committer's appreciation
for the co-operation and construc
tive attitude of the Ex Committee,
The Daily, Women's Conference, and
the Interfraternity Council toward
ihc controlling of the measles epi
demic. Without the co-operation of
those groups and the community,
control of ihe epidemic would have
been impossible."
Two new cases of measles en
tered Palo Alto Hospital yesterday,
making a total of five confined there.
Ten others are in the isolation home
awaitiny discharge after their period
of incarceration.
According to Dr. Thomas A. Stor
ey, chairman of the faculty com
mittee on public health, the third
outbreak of the epidemic should be
gin about the first of the week, but
the number of students affected
should be far le: s than during the
first, two waves.
Dr. Storey, also said: ''I wish to
express the committer's appreciation
for the co-operation and construc
tive attitude of the Ex Committee,
The Daily, Women's Conference, and
the Interfraternity Council toward
ihc controlling of the measles epi
demic. Without the co-operation of
those groups and the community,
control of ihe epidemic would have
been impossible."
Two new cases of measles en
tered Palo Alto Hospital yesterday,
making a total of five confined there.
Ten others are in the isolation home
awaitiny discharge after their period
of incarceration.
According to Dr. Thomas A. Stor
ey, chairman of the faculty com
mittee on public health, the third
outbreak of the epidemic should be
gin about the first of the week, but
the number of students affected
should be far le: s than during the
first, two waves.
Dr. Storey, also said: ''I wish to
express the committer's appreciation
for the co-operation and construc
tive attitude of the Ex Committee,
The Daily, Women's Conference, and
the Interfraternity Council toward
ihc controlling of the measles epi
demic. Without the co-operation of
those groups and the community,
control of ihe epidemic would have
been impossible."
Two new cases of measles en
tered Palo Alto Hospital yesterday,
making a total of five confined there.
Ten others are in the isolation home
awaitiny discharge after their period
of incarceration.
According to Dr. Thomas A. Stor
ey, chairman of the faculty com
mittee on public health, the third
outbreak of the epidemic should be
gin about the first of the week, but
the number of students affected
should be far le: s than during the
first, two waves.
Dr. Storey, also said: ''I wish to
express the committer's appreciation
for the co-operation and construc
tive attitude of the Ex Committee,
The Daily, Women's Conference, and
the Interfraternity Council toward
ihc controlling of the measles epi
demic. Without the co-operation of
those groups and the community,
control of ihe epidemic would have
been impossible."
Two new cases of measles en
tered Palo Alto Hospital yesterday,
making a total of five confined there.
Ten others are in the isolation home
awaitiny discharge after their period
of incarceration.
According to Dr. Thomas A. Stor
ey, chairman of the faculty com
mittee on public health, the third
outbreak of the epidemic should be
gin about the first of the week, but
the number of students affected
should be far le: s than during the
first, two waves.
Dr. Storey, also said: ''I wish to
express the committer's appreciation
for the co-operation and construc
tive attitude of the Ex Committee,
The Daily, Women's Conference, and
the Interfraternity Council toward
ihc controlling of the measles epi
demic. Without the co-operation of
those groups and the community,
control of ihe epidemic would have
been impossible."
Two new cases of measles en
tered Palo Alto Hospital yesterday,
making a total of five confined there.
Ten others are in the isolation home
awaitiny discharge after their period
of incarceration.
According to Dr. Thomas A. Stor
ey, chairman of the faculty com
mittee on public health, the third
outbreak of the epidemic should be
gin about the first of the week, but
the number of students affected
should be far le: s than during the
first, two waves.
Dr. Storey, also said: ''I wish to
express the committer's appreciation
for the co-operation and construc
tive attitude of the Ex Committee,
The Daily, Women's Conference, and
the Interfraternity Council toward
ihc controlling of the measles epi
demic. Without the co-operation of
those groups and the community,
control of ihe epidemic would have
been impossible."
Two new cases of measles en
tered Palo Alto Hospital yesterday,
making a total of five confined there.
Ten others are in the isolation home
awaitiny discharge after their period
of incarceration.
According to Dr. Thomas A. Stor
ey, chairman of the faculty com
mittee on public health, the third
outbreak of the epidemic should be
gin about the first of the week, but
the number of students affected
should be far le: s than during the
first, two waves.
Dr. Storey, also said: ''I wish to
express the committer's appreciation
for the co-operation and construc
tive attitude of the Ex Committee,
The Daily, Women's Conference, and
the Interfraternity Council toward
ihc controlling of the measles epi
demic. Without the co-operation of
those groups and the community,
control of ihe epidemic would have
been impossible."
