# EYE OF THE FLEET' TAKES OFF DURING PACIFIC WAR GAMES
## 
### 

Setting out to hunt "enemy" craft, one of the U.S.S. Pennsylvania's four seaplanes is shown b«ing
catapulted from the quarterdeck during the Pacific war games. The ship's huge guns are shown in the
left foreground while another plane is in the right foreground. (Associated Press Photo)

Setting out to hunt "enemy" craft, one of the U.S.S. Pennsylvania's four seaplanes is shown b«ing
catapulted from the quarterdeck during the Pacific war games. The ship's huge guns are shown in the
left foreground while another plane is in the right foreground. (Associated Press Photo)

Setting out to hunt "enemy" craft, one of the U.S.S. Pennsylvania's four seaplanes is shown b«ing
catapulted from the quarterdeck during the Pacific war games. The ship's huge guns are shown in the
left foreground while another plane is in the right foreground. (Associated Press Photo)

Setting out to hunt "enemy" craft, one of the U.S.S. Pennsylvania's four seaplanes is shown b«ing
catapulted from the quarterdeck during the Pacific war games. The ship's huge guns are shown in the
left foreground while another plane is in the right foreground. (Associated Press Photo)

Setting out to hunt "enemy" craft, one of the U.S.S. Pennsylvania's four seaplanes is shown b«ing
catapulted from the quarterdeck during the Pacific war games. The ship's huge guns are shown in the
left foreground while another plane is in the right foreground. (Associated Press Photo)

Setting out to hunt "enemy" craft, one of the U.S.S. Pennsylvania's four seaplanes is shown b«ing
catapulted from the quarterdeck during the Pacific war games. The ship's huge guns are shown in the
left foreground while another plane is in the right foreground. (Associated Press Photo)

Setting out to hunt "enemy" craft, one of the U.S.S. Pennsylvania's four seaplanes is shown b«ing
catapulted from the quarterdeck during the Pacific war games. The ship's huge guns are shown in the
left foreground while another plane is in the right foreground. (Associated Press Photo)

Setting out to hunt "enemy" craft, one of the U.S.S. Pennsylvania's four seaplanes is shown b«ing
catapulted from the quarterdeck during the Pacific war games. The ship's huge guns are shown in the
left foreground while another plane is in the right foreground. (Associated Press Photo)

Setting out to hunt "enemy" craft, one of the U.S.S. Pennsylvania's four seaplanes is shown b«ing
catapulted from the quarterdeck during the Pacific war games. The ship's huge guns are shown in the
left foreground while another plane is in the right foreground. (Associated Press Photo)

Setting out to hunt "enemy" craft, one of the U.S.S. Pennsylvania's four seaplanes is shown b«ing
catapulted from the quarterdeck during the Pacific war games. The ship's huge guns are shown in the
left foreground while another plane is in the right foreground. (Associated Press Photo)

Setting out to hunt "enemy" craft, one of the U.S.S. Pennsylvania's four seaplanes is shown b«ing
catapulted from the quarterdeck during the Pacific war games. The ship's huge guns are shown in the
left foreground while another plane is in the right foreground. (Associated Press Photo)

Setting out to hunt "enemy" craft, one of the U.S.S. Pennsylvania's four seaplanes is shown b«ing
catapulted from the quarterdeck during the Pacific war games. The ship's huge guns are shown in the
left foreground while another plane is in the right foreground. (Associated Press Photo)

Setting out to hunt "enemy" craft, one of the U.S.S. Pennsylvania's four seaplanes is shown b«ing
catapulted from the quarterdeck during the Pacific war games. The ship's huge guns are shown in the
left foreground while another plane is in the right foreground. (Associated Press Photo)

Setting out to hunt "enemy" craft, one of the U.S.S. Pennsylvania's four seaplanes is shown b«ing
catapulted from the quarterdeck during the Pacific war games. The ship's huge guns are shown in the
left foreground while another plane is in the right foreground. (Associated Press Photo)

Setting out to hunt "enemy" craft, one of the U.S.S. Pennsylvania's four seaplanes is shown b«ing
catapulted from the quarterdeck during the Pacific war games. The ship's huge guns are shown in the
left foreground while another plane is in the right foreground. (Associated Press Photo)
