# Widow's Birthday Party Finds Scads of Friends
## 
### 
WILMINGTON, Del., May 29 (/P).
—Mrs. Sarah E. Jester is 80, and a
widow, but is far from being alone
in the world.
There were 165 guests at her 80th
birthday party—l 2 sons and daugh
ters, 100 grandchildren, 52 great
grandchildren. and one great-great
grandchild.
WILMINGTON, Del., May 29 (/P).
—Mrs. Sarah E. Jester is 80, and a
widow, but is far from being alone
in the world.
There were 165 guests at her 80th
birthday party—l 2 sons and daugh
ters, 100 grandchildren, 52 great
grandchildren. and one great-great
grandchild.
WILMINGTON, Del., May 29 (/P).
—Mrs. Sarah E. Jester is 80, and a
widow, but is far from being alone
in the world.
There were 165 guests at her 80th
birthday party—l 2 sons and daugh
ters, 100 grandchildren, 52 great
grandchildren. and one great-great
grandchild.
WILMINGTON, Del., May 29 (/P).
—Mrs. Sarah E. Jester is 80, and a
widow, but is far from being alone
in the world.
There were 165 guests at her 80th
birthday party—l 2 sons and daugh
ters, 100 grandchildren, 52 great
grandchildren. and one great-great
grandchild.
WILMINGTON, Del., May 29 (/P).
—Mrs. Sarah E. Jester is 80, and a
widow, but is far from being alone
in the world.
There were 165 guests at her 80th
birthday party—l 2 sons and daugh
ters, 100 grandchildren, 52 great
grandchildren. and one great-great
grandchild.
WILMINGTON, Del., May 29 (/P).
—Mrs. Sarah E. Jester is 80, and a
widow, but is far from being alone
in the world.
There were 165 guests at her 80th
birthday party—l 2 sons and daugh
ters, 100 grandchildren, 52 great
grandchildren. and one great-great
grandchild.
WILMINGTON, Del., May 29 (/P).
—Mrs. Sarah E. Jester is 80, and a
widow, but is far from being alone
in the world.
There were 165 guests at her 80th
birthday party—l 2 sons and daugh
ters, 100 grandchildren, 52 great
grandchildren. and one great-great
grandchild.
WILMINGTON, Del., May 29 (/P).
—Mrs. Sarah E. Jester is 80, and a
widow, but is far from being alone
in the world.
There were 165 guests at her 80th
birthday party—l 2 sons and daugh
ters, 100 grandchildren, 52 great
grandchildren. and one great-great
grandchild.
WILMINGTON, Del., May 29 (/P).
—Mrs. Sarah E. Jester is 80, and a
widow, but is far from being alone
in the world.
There were 165 guests at her 80th
birthday party—l 2 sons and daugh
ters, 100 grandchildren, 52 great
grandchildren. and one great-great
grandchild.
WILMINGTON, Del., May 29 (/P).
—Mrs. Sarah E. Jester is 80, and a
widow, but is far from being alone
in the world.
There were 165 guests at her 80th
birthday party—l 2 sons and daugh
ters, 100 grandchildren, 52 great
grandchildren. and one great-great
grandchild.
WILMINGTON, Del., May 29 (/P).
—Mrs. Sarah E. Jester is 80, and a
widow, but is far from being alone
in the world.
There were 165 guests at her 80th
birthday party—l 2 sons and daugh
ters, 100 grandchildren, 52 great
grandchildren. and one great-great
grandchild.
WILMINGTON, Del., May 29 (/P).
—Mrs. Sarah E. Jester is 80, and a
widow, but is far from being alone
in the world.
There were 165 guests at her 80th
birthday party—l 2 sons and daugh
ters, 100 grandchildren, 52 great
grandchildren. and one great-great
grandchild.
WILMINGTON, Del., May 29 (/P).
—Mrs. Sarah E. Jester is 80, and a
widow, but is far from being alone
in the world.
There were 165 guests at her 80th
birthday party—l 2 sons and daugh
ters, 100 grandchildren, 52 great
grandchildren. and one great-great
grandchild.
WILMINGTON, Del., May 29 (/P).
—Mrs. Sarah E. Jester is 80, and a
widow, but is far from being alone
in the world.
There were 165 guests at her 80th
birthday party—l 2 sons and daugh
ters, 100 grandchildren, 52 great
grandchildren. and one great-great
grandchild.
WILMINGTON, Del., May 29 (/P).
—Mrs. Sarah E. Jester is 80, and a
widow, but is far from being alone
in the world.
There were 165 guests at her 80th
birthday party—l 2 sons and daugh
ters, 100 grandchildren, 52 great
grandchildren. and one great-great
grandchild.
