# HOWELL MEXICO COACH
## 
### 
LITTLE ROCK. Ark.. May 20 (A 1 ).
—Millard (Dixie) Howell, ail-Amer
ican halfback at the University of
Alabama, said here today he had
signed a two-year contract to coach
the University of Mexico football
team. Howell is here with the Bir
mingham club of the Southern As
sociation.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark.. May 20 (A 1 ).
—Millard (Dixie) Howell, ail-Amer
ican halfback at the University of
Alabama, said here today he had
signed a two-year contract to coach
the University of Mexico football
team. Howell is here with the Bir
mingham club of the Southern As
sociation.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark.. May 20 (A 1 ).
—Millard (Dixie) Howell, ail-Amer
ican halfback at the University of
Alabama, said here today he had
signed a two-year contract to coach
the University of Mexico football
team. Howell is here with the Bir
mingham club of the Southern As
sociation.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark.. May 20 (A 1 ).
—Millard (Dixie) Howell, ail-Amer
ican halfback at the University of
Alabama, said here today he had
signed a two-year contract to coach
the University of Mexico football
team. Howell is here with the Bir
mingham club of the Southern As
sociation.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark.. May 20 (A 1 ).
—Millard (Dixie) Howell, ail-Amer
ican halfback at the University of
Alabama, said here today he had
signed a two-year contract to coach
the University of Mexico football
team. Howell is here with the Bir
mingham club of the Southern As
sociation.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark.. May 20 (A 1 ).
—Millard (Dixie) Howell, ail-Amer
ican halfback at the University of
Alabama, said here today he had
signed a two-year contract to coach
the University of Mexico football
team. Howell is here with the Bir
mingham club of the Southern As
sociation.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark.. May 20 (A 1 ).
—Millard (Dixie) Howell, ail-Amer
ican halfback at the University of
Alabama, said here today he had
signed a two-year contract to coach
the University of Mexico football
team. Howell is here with the Bir
mingham club of the Southern As
sociation.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark.. May 20 (A 1 ).
—Millard (Dixie) Howell, ail-Amer
ican halfback at the University of
Alabama, said here today he had
signed a two-year contract to coach
the University of Mexico football
team. Howell is here with the Bir
mingham club of the Southern As
sociation.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark.. May 20 (A 1 ).
—Millard (Dixie) Howell, ail-Amer
ican halfback at the University of
Alabama, said here today he had
signed a two-year contract to coach
the University of Mexico football
team. Howell is here with the Bir
mingham club of the Southern As
sociation.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark.. May 20 (A 1 ).
—Millard (Dixie) Howell, ail-Amer
ican halfback at the University of
Alabama, said here today he had
signed a two-year contract to coach
the University of Mexico football
team. Howell is here with the Bir
mingham club of the Southern As
sociation.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark.. May 20 (A 1 ).
—Millard (Dixie) Howell, ail-Amer
ican halfback at the University of
Alabama, said here today he had
signed a two-year contract to coach
the University of Mexico football
team. Howell is here with the Bir
mingham club of the Southern As
sociation.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark.. May 20 (A 1 ).
—Millard (Dixie) Howell, ail-Amer
ican halfback at the University of
Alabama, said here today he had
signed a two-year contract to coach
the University of Mexico football
team. Howell is here with the Bir
mingham club of the Southern As
sociation.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark.. May 20 (A 1 ).
—Millard (Dixie) Howell, ail-Amer
ican halfback at the University of
Alabama, said here today he had
signed a two-year contract to coach
the University of Mexico football
team. Howell is here with the Bir
mingham club of the Southern As
sociation.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark.. May 20 (A 1 ).
—Millard (Dixie) Howell, ail-Amer
ican halfback at the University of
Alabama, said here today he had
signed a two-year contract to coach
the University of Mexico football
team. Howell is here with the Bir
mingham club of the Southern As
sociation.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark.. May 20 (A 1 ).
—Millard (Dixie) Howell, ail-Amer
ican halfback at the University of
Alabama, said here today he had
signed a two-year contract to coach
the University of Mexico football
team. Howell is here with the Bir
mingham club of the Southern As
sociation.
