# One act that made it
## 
### 
What was the best play on
campus over the past few years?
A strong candidate is Peter
Gruenbaum's "Tales From a
Game," one of the Original
Winter One Acts two years ago.
"Tales" is a wickedly clever
comedy about Matt and
Thunder, two friends playing
poker for stories about their
secrets. These stories occur in
the form of flashbacks which,
surprisingly, are neither confus
ing nor disruptive to the plot.
And now "Tales From a

Game" is back. Gruenbaum, a
graduate student in applied
physics, has expanded his one
act into a full-length play. It
shows Feb. 22-25 at 8 p.m. and
Feb. 26 at 7 p.m. at the
Baylands Interpretive Center on
Embarcadero just past Highway
101.
The performance is sponsored
by the Palo Alto Playwright
Forum and Theatre Works.
Tickets are $8 at 326-7974.
Check it out. This one is
great!

What was the best play on
campus over the past few years?
A strong candidate is Peter
Gruenbaum's "Tales From a
Game," one of the Original
Winter One Acts two years ago.
"Tales" is a wickedly clever
comedy about Matt and
Thunder, two friends playing
poker for stories about their
secrets. These stories occur in
the form of flashbacks which,
surprisingly, are neither confus
ing nor disruptive to the plot.
And now "Tales From a

Game" is back. Gruenbaum, a
graduate student in applied
physics, has expanded his one
act into a full-length play. It
shows Feb. 22-25 at 8 p.m. and
Feb. 26 at 7 p.m. at the
Baylands Interpretive Center on
Embarcadero just past Highway
101.
The performance is sponsored
by the Palo Alto Playwright
Forum and Theatre Works.
Tickets are $8 at 326-7974.
Check it out. This one is
great!

What was the best play on
campus over the past few years?
A strong candidate is Peter
Gruenbaum's "Tales From a
Game," one of the Original
Winter One Acts two years ago.
"Tales" is a wickedly clever
comedy about Matt and
Thunder, two friends playing
poker for stories about their
secrets. These stories occur in
the form of flashbacks which,
surprisingly, are neither confus
ing nor disruptive to the plot.
And now "Tales From a

Game" is back. Gruenbaum, a
graduate student in applied
physics, has expanded his one
act into a full-length play. It
shows Feb. 22-25 at 8 p.m. and
Feb. 26 at 7 p.m. at the
Baylands Interpretive Center on
Embarcadero just past Highway
101.
The performance is sponsored
by the Palo Alto Playwright
Forum and Theatre Works.
Tickets are $8 at 326-7974.
Check it out. This one is
great!

What was the best play on
campus over the past few years?
A strong candidate is Peter
Gruenbaum's "Tales From a
Game," one of the Original
Winter One Acts two years ago.
"Tales" is a wickedly clever
comedy about Matt and
Thunder, two friends playing
poker for stories about their
secrets. These stories occur in
the form of flashbacks which,
surprisingly, are neither confus
ing nor disruptive to the plot.
And now "Tales From a

Game" is back. Gruenbaum, a
graduate student in applied
physics, has expanded his one
act into a full-length play. It
shows Feb. 22-25 at 8 p.m. and
Feb. 26 at 7 p.m. at the
Baylands Interpretive Center on
Embarcadero just past Highway
101.
The performance is sponsored
by the Palo Alto Playwright
Forum and Theatre Works.
Tickets are $8 at 326-7974.
Check it out. This one is
great!

What was the best play on
campus over the past few years?
A strong candidate is Peter
Gruenbaum's "Tales From a
Game," one of the Original
Winter One Acts two years ago.
"Tales" is a wickedly clever
comedy about Matt and
Thunder, two friends playing
poker for stories about their
secrets. These stories occur in
the form of flashbacks which,
surprisingly, are neither confus
ing nor disruptive to the plot.
And now "Tales From a

Game" is back. Gruenbaum, a
graduate student in applied
physics, has expanded his one
act into a full-length play. It
shows Feb. 22-25 at 8 p.m. and
Feb. 26 at 7 p.m. at the
Baylands Interpretive Center on
Embarcadero just past Highway
101.
The performance is sponsored
by the Palo Alto Playwright
Forum and Theatre Works.
Tickets are $8 at 326-7974.
Check it out. This one is
great!

What was the best play on
campus over the past few years?
A strong candidate is Peter
Gruenbaum's "Tales From a
Game," one of the Original
Winter One Acts two years ago.
"Tales" is a wickedly clever
comedy about Matt and
Thunder, two friends playing
poker for stories about their
secrets. These stories occur in
the form of flashbacks which,
surprisingly, are neither confus
ing nor disruptive to the plot.
And now "Tales From a

Game" is back. Gruenbaum, a
graduate student in applied
physics, has expanded his one
act into a full-length play. It
shows Feb. 22-25 at 8 p.m. and
Feb. 26 at 7 p.m. at the
Baylands Interpretive Center on
Embarcadero just past Highway
101.
The performance is sponsored
by the Palo Alto Playwright
Forum and Theatre Works.
Tickets are $8 at 326-7974.
Check it out. This one is
great!

What was the best play on
campus over the past few years?
A strong candidate is Peter
Gruenbaum's "Tales From a
Game," one of the Original
Winter One Acts two years ago.
"Tales" is a wickedly clever
comedy about Matt and
Thunder, two friends playing
poker for stories about their
secrets. These stories occur in
the form of flashbacks which,
surprisingly, are neither confus
ing nor disruptive to the plot.
And now "Tales From a

Game" is back. Gruenbaum, a
graduate student in applied
physics, has expanded his one
act into a full-length play. It
shows Feb. 22-25 at 8 p.m. and
Feb. 26 at 7 p.m. at the
Baylands Interpretive Center on
Embarcadero just past Highway
101.
The performance is sponsored
by the Palo Alto Playwright
Forum and Theatre Works.
Tickets are $8 at 326-7974.
Check it out. This one is
great!

What was the best play on
campus over the past few years?
A strong candidate is Peter
Gruenbaum's "Tales From a
Game," one of the Original
Winter One Acts two years ago.
"Tales" is a wickedly clever
comedy about Matt and
Thunder, two friends playing
poker for stories about their
secrets. These stories occur in
the form of flashbacks which,
surprisingly, are neither confus
ing nor disruptive to the plot.
And now "Tales From a

Game" is back. Gruenbaum, a
graduate student in applied
physics, has expanded his one
act into a full-length play. It
shows Feb. 22-25 at 8 p.m. and
Feb. 26 at 7 p.m. at the
Baylands Interpretive Center on
Embarcadero just past Highway
101.
The performance is sponsored
by the Palo Alto Playwright
Forum and Theatre Works.
Tickets are $8 at 326-7974.
Check it out. This one is
great!

