# The 						Intermission Dirty Proverb Jumble
## 
### 
How well do you know your "dirty proverbs?" Un
scramble these Jumbles one letter to each square to
form four deviant sexual practices. The letters in the
circles, when unscrambled, form the answer to the
photograph clue.

DCLEVELAN RSTEAME
Q_ 00 0
YDIRT ZSANCHE
_00__ 0
IHOUDIN
o_o
YDONKE PUNCH
JO 0 0


Clue: What this person would rather be doing ...
Writing for
How well do you know your "dirty proverbs?" Un
scramble these Jumbles one letter to each square to
form four deviant sexual practices. The letters in the
circles, when unscrambled, form the answer to the
photograph clue.

DCLEVELAN RSTEAME
Q_ 00 0
YDIRT ZSANCHE
_00__ 0
IHOUDIN
o_o
YDONKE PUNCH
JO 0 0


Clue: What this person would rather be doing ...
Writing for
How well do you know your "dirty proverbs?" Un
scramble these Jumbles one letter to each square to
form four deviant sexual practices. The letters in the
circles, when unscrambled, form the answer to the
photograph clue.

DCLEVELAN RSTEAME
Q_ 00 0
YDIRT ZSANCHE
_00__ 0
IHOUDIN
o_o
YDONKE PUNCH
JO 0 0


Clue: What this person would rather be doing ...
Writing for
How well do you know your "dirty proverbs?" Un
scramble these Jumbles one letter to each square to
form four deviant sexual practices. The letters in the
circles, when unscrambled, form the answer to the
photograph clue.

DCLEVELAN RSTEAME
Q_ 00 0
YDIRT ZSANCHE
_00__ 0
IHOUDIN
o_o
YDONKE PUNCH
JO 0 0


Clue: What this person would rather be doing ...
Writing for
How well do you know your "dirty proverbs?" Un
scramble these Jumbles one letter to each square to
form four deviant sexual practices. The letters in the
circles, when unscrambled, form the answer to the
photograph clue.

DCLEVELAN RSTEAME
Q_ 00 0
YDIRT ZSANCHE
_00__ 0
IHOUDIN
o_o
YDONKE PUNCH
JO 0 0


Clue: What this person would rather be doing ...
Writing for
How well do you know your "dirty proverbs?" Un
scramble these Jumbles one letter to each square to
form four deviant sexual practices. The letters in the
circles, when unscrambled, form the answer to the
photograph clue.

DCLEVELAN RSTEAME
Q_ 00 0
YDIRT ZSANCHE
_00__ 0
IHOUDIN
o_o
YDONKE PUNCH
JO 0 0


Clue: What this person would rather be doing ...
Writing for
How well do you know your "dirty proverbs?" Un
scramble these Jumbles one letter to each square to
form four deviant sexual practices. The letters in the
circles, when unscrambled, form the answer to the
photograph clue.

DCLEVELAN RSTEAME
Q_ 00 0
YDIRT ZSANCHE
_00__ 0
IHOUDIN
o_o
YDONKE PUNCH
JO 0 0


Clue: What this person would rather be doing ...
Writing for
How well do you know your "dirty proverbs?" Un
scramble these Jumbles one letter to each square to
form four deviant sexual practices. The letters in the
circles, when unscrambled, form the answer to the
photograph clue.

DCLEVELAN RSTEAME
Q_ 00 0
YDIRT ZSANCHE
_00__ 0
IHOUDIN
o_o
YDONKE PUNCH
JO 0 0


Clue: What this person would rather be doing ...
Writing for
