# 'King Kong' is coming
## 
### 
The original King Kong will he
shown Tuesday evening at 7:,'{()
and 9:30 in Cubberley Au
ditorium. The 19:Lt version is an
improbable beauty and the beast
classic. Fay Wray goes on ram
page, kidnaping a gorilla and
climbing the Empire State Build
ing where she fights off the U.S.
Air Force. This film, directed by
Merian ('. Cooper and Ernest
Schoedsack, was the inspiration
for the current television series,
Bionic Woman.
The original King Kong will he
shown Tuesday evening at 7:,'{()
and 9:30 in Cubberley Au
ditorium. The 19:Lt version is an
improbable beauty and the beast
classic. Fay Wray goes on ram
page, kidnaping a gorilla and
climbing the Empire State Build
ing where she fights off the U.S.
Air Force. This film, directed by
Merian ('. Cooper and Ernest
Schoedsack, was the inspiration
for the current television series,
Bionic Woman.
The original King Kong will he
shown Tuesday evening at 7:,'{()
and 9:30 in Cubberley Au
ditorium. The 19:Lt version is an
improbable beauty and the beast
classic. Fay Wray goes on ram
page, kidnaping a gorilla and
climbing the Empire State Build
ing where she fights off the U.S.
Air Force. This film, directed by
Merian ('. Cooper and Ernest
Schoedsack, was the inspiration
for the current television series,
Bionic Woman.
The original King Kong will he
shown Tuesday evening at 7:,'{()
and 9:30 in Cubberley Au
ditorium. The 19:Lt version is an
improbable beauty and the beast
classic. Fay Wray goes on ram
page, kidnaping a gorilla and
climbing the Empire State Build
ing where she fights off the U.S.
Air Force. This film, directed by
Merian ('. Cooper and Ernest
Schoedsack, was the inspiration
for the current television series,
Bionic Woman.
The original King Kong will he
shown Tuesday evening at 7:,'{()
and 9:30 in Cubberley Au
ditorium. The 19:Lt version is an
improbable beauty and the beast
classic. Fay Wray goes on ram
page, kidnaping a gorilla and
climbing the Empire State Build
ing where she fights off the U.S.
Air Force. This film, directed by
Merian ('. Cooper and Ernest
Schoedsack, was the inspiration
for the current television series,
Bionic Woman.
The original King Kong will he
shown Tuesday evening at 7:,'{()
and 9:30 in Cubberley Au
ditorium. The 19:Lt version is an
improbable beauty and the beast
classic. Fay Wray goes on ram
page, kidnaping a gorilla and
climbing the Empire State Build
ing where she fights off the U.S.
Air Force. This film, directed by
Merian ('. Cooper and Ernest
Schoedsack, was the inspiration
for the current television series,
Bionic Woman.
The original King Kong will he
shown Tuesday evening at 7:,'{()
and 9:30 in Cubberley Au
ditorium. The 19:Lt version is an
improbable beauty and the beast
classic. Fay Wray goes on ram
page, kidnaping a gorilla and
climbing the Empire State Build
ing where she fights off the U.S.
Air Force. This film, directed by
Merian ('. Cooper and Ernest
Schoedsack, was the inspiration
for the current television series,
Bionic Woman.
The original King Kong will he
shown Tuesday evening at 7:,'{()
and 9:30 in Cubberley Au
ditorium. The 19:Lt version is an
improbable beauty and the beast
classic. Fay Wray goes on ram
page, kidnaping a gorilla and
climbing the Empire State Build
ing where she fights off the U.S.
Air Force. This film, directed by
Merian ('. Cooper and Ernest
Schoedsack, was the inspiration
for the current television series,
Bionic Woman.
The original King Kong will he
shown Tuesday evening at 7:,'{()
and 9:30 in Cubberley Au
ditorium. The 19:Lt version is an
improbable beauty and the beast
classic. Fay Wray goes on ram
page, kidnaping a gorilla and
climbing the Empire State Build
ing where she fights off the U.S.
Air Force. This film, directed by
Merian ('. Cooper and Ernest
Schoedsack, was the inspiration
for the current television series,
Bionic Woman.
The original King Kong will he
shown Tuesday evening at 7:,'{()
and 9:30 in Cubberley Au
ditorium. The 19:Lt version is an
improbable beauty and the beast
classic. Fay Wray goes on ram
page, kidnaping a gorilla and
climbing the Empire State Build
ing where she fights off the U.S.
Air Force. This film, directed by
Merian ('. Cooper and Ernest
Schoedsack, was the inspiration
for the current television series,
Bionic Woman.
The original King Kong will he
shown Tuesday evening at 7:,'{()
and 9:30 in Cubberley Au
ditorium. The 19:Lt version is an
improbable beauty and the beast
classic. Fay Wray goes on ram
page, kidnaping a gorilla and
climbing the Empire State Build
ing where she fights off the U.S.
Air Force. This film, directed by
Merian ('. Cooper and Ernest
Schoedsack, was the inspiration
for the current television series,
Bionic Woman.
The original King Kong will he
shown Tuesday evening at 7:,'{()
and 9:30 in Cubberley Au
ditorium. The 19:Lt version is an
improbable beauty and the beast
classic. Fay Wray goes on ram
page, kidnaping a gorilla and
climbing the Empire State Build
ing where she fights off the U.S.
Air Force. This film, directed by
Merian ('. Cooper and Ernest
Schoedsack, was the inspiration
for the current television series,
Bionic Woman.
The original King Kong will he
shown Tuesday evening at 7:,'{()
and 9:30 in Cubberley Au
ditorium. The 19:Lt version is an
improbable beauty and the beast
classic. Fay Wray goes on ram
page, kidnaping a gorilla and
climbing the Empire State Build
ing where she fights off the U.S.
Air Force. This film, directed by
Merian ('. Cooper and Ernest
Schoedsack, was the inspiration
for the current television series,
Bionic Woman.
