# FACULTY CLUB INLETS
## 
### 
The Faculty Club, which is an in
formal group composed of all ihe
members of the faculty, will hold
its regular monthly meeting in the
Faculty Clubhouse at 8 o'clock to
night. The gathering is purely so
cial, and supper will be served dur
ing the evening.
The Faculty Club, which is an in
formal group composed of all ihe
members of the faculty, will hold
its regular monthly meeting in the
Faculty Clubhouse at 8 o'clock to
night. The gathering is purely so
cial, and supper will be served dur
ing the evening.
The Faculty Club, which is an in
formal group composed of all ihe
members of the faculty, will hold
its regular monthly meeting in the
Faculty Clubhouse at 8 o'clock to
night. The gathering is purely so
cial, and supper will be served dur
ing the evening.
The Faculty Club, which is an in
formal group composed of all ihe
members of the faculty, will hold
its regular monthly meeting in the
Faculty Clubhouse at 8 o'clock to
night. The gathering is purely so
cial, and supper will be served dur
ing the evening.
The Faculty Club, which is an in
formal group composed of all ihe
members of the faculty, will hold
its regular monthly meeting in the
Faculty Clubhouse at 8 o'clock to
night. The gathering is purely so
cial, and supper will be served dur
ing the evening.
The Faculty Club, which is an in
formal group composed of all ihe
members of the faculty, will hold
its regular monthly meeting in the
Faculty Clubhouse at 8 o'clock to
night. The gathering is purely so
cial, and supper will be served dur
ing the evening.
The Faculty Club, which is an in
formal group composed of all ihe
members of the faculty, will hold
its regular monthly meeting in the
Faculty Clubhouse at 8 o'clock to
night. The gathering is purely so
cial, and supper will be served dur
ing the evening.
The Faculty Club, which is an in
formal group composed of all ihe
members of the faculty, will hold
its regular monthly meeting in the
Faculty Clubhouse at 8 o'clock to
night. The gathering is purely so
cial, and supper will be served dur
ing the evening.
The Faculty Club, which is an in
formal group composed of all ihe
members of the faculty, will hold
its regular monthly meeting in the
Faculty Clubhouse at 8 o'clock to
night. The gathering is purely so
cial, and supper will be served dur
ing the evening.
The Faculty Club, which is an in
formal group composed of all ihe
members of the faculty, will hold
its regular monthly meeting in the
Faculty Clubhouse at 8 o'clock to
night. The gathering is purely so
cial, and supper will be served dur
ing the evening.
The Faculty Club, which is an in
formal group composed of all ihe
members of the faculty, will hold
its regular monthly meeting in the
Faculty Clubhouse at 8 o'clock to
night. The gathering is purely so
cial, and supper will be served dur
ing the evening.
The Faculty Club, which is an in
formal group composed of all ihe
members of the faculty, will hold
its regular monthly meeting in the
Faculty Clubhouse at 8 o'clock to
night. The gathering is purely so
cial, and supper will be served dur
ing the evening.
The Faculty Club, which is an in
formal group composed of all ihe
members of the faculty, will hold
its regular monthly meeting in the
Faculty Clubhouse at 8 o'clock to
night. The gathering is purely so
cial, and supper will be served dur
ing the evening.
The Faculty Club, which is an in
formal group composed of all ihe
members of the faculty, will hold
its regular monthly meeting in the
Faculty Clubhouse at 8 o'clock to
night. The gathering is purely so
cial, and supper will be served dur
ing the evening.
The Faculty Club, which is an in
formal group composed of all ihe
members of the faculty, will hold
its regular monthly meeting in the
Faculty Clubhouse at 8 o'clock to
night. The gathering is purely so
cial, and supper will be served dur
ing the evening.
The Faculty Club, which is an in
formal group composed of all ihe
members of the faculty, will hold
its regular monthly meeting in the
Faculty Clubhouse at 8 o'clock to
night. The gathering is purely so
cial, and supper will be served dur
ing the evening.
