# CLARK INJURED
## 
### 
John A.. Clark, '30, is in the Palo
. lto Hospital suffering from a
roken wrist and three broken ribs
ustained when he fell from a 22-
>ot ladder yesterday afternoon
•hile decorating for the Branner
ance tomorrow night, according to
report to the Daily last night. He
as adjusting the lighting arrange
lents when the ladder slipped.
John A.. Clark, '30, is in the Palo
. lto Hospital suffering from a
roken wrist and three broken ribs
ustained when he fell from a 22-
>ot ladder yesterday afternoon
•hile decorating for the Branner
ance tomorrow night, according to
report to the Daily last night. He
as adjusting the lighting arrange
lents when the ladder slipped.
John A.. Clark, '30, is in the Palo
. lto Hospital suffering from a
roken wrist and three broken ribs
ustained when he fell from a 22-
>ot ladder yesterday afternoon
•hile decorating for the Branner
ance tomorrow night, according to
report to the Daily last night. He
as adjusting the lighting arrange
lents when the ladder slipped.
John A.. Clark, '30, is in the Palo
. lto Hospital suffering from a
roken wrist and three broken ribs
ustained when he fell from a 22-
>ot ladder yesterday afternoon
•hile decorating for the Branner
ance tomorrow night, according to
report to the Daily last night. He
as adjusting the lighting arrange
lents when the ladder slipped.
John A.. Clark, '30, is in the Palo
. lto Hospital suffering from a
roken wrist and three broken ribs
ustained when he fell from a 22-
>ot ladder yesterday afternoon
•hile decorating for the Branner
ance tomorrow night, according to
report to the Daily last night. He
as adjusting the lighting arrange
lents when the ladder slipped.
John A.. Clark, '30, is in the Palo
. lto Hospital suffering from a
roken wrist and three broken ribs
ustained when he fell from a 22-
>ot ladder yesterday afternoon
•hile decorating for the Branner
ance tomorrow night, according to
report to the Daily last night. He
as adjusting the lighting arrange
lents when the ladder slipped.
John A.. Clark, '30, is in the Palo
. lto Hospital suffering from a
roken wrist and three broken ribs
ustained when he fell from a 22-
>ot ladder yesterday afternoon
•hile decorating for the Branner
ance tomorrow night, according to
report to the Daily last night. He
as adjusting the lighting arrange
lents when the ladder slipped.
John A.. Clark, '30, is in the Palo
. lto Hospital suffering from a
roken wrist and three broken ribs
ustained when he fell from a 22-
>ot ladder yesterday afternoon
•hile decorating for the Branner
ance tomorrow night, according to
report to the Daily last night. He
as adjusting the lighting arrange
lents when the ladder slipped.
John A.. Clark, '30, is in the Palo
. lto Hospital suffering from a
roken wrist and three broken ribs
ustained when he fell from a 22-
>ot ladder yesterday afternoon
•hile decorating for the Branner
ance tomorrow night, according to
report to the Daily last night. He
as adjusting the lighting arrange
lents when the ladder slipped.
John A.. Clark, '30, is in the Palo
. lto Hospital suffering from a
roken wrist and three broken ribs
ustained when he fell from a 22-
>ot ladder yesterday afternoon
•hile decorating for the Branner
ance tomorrow night, according to
report to the Daily last night. He
as adjusting the lighting arrange
lents when the ladder slipped.
John A.. Clark, '30, is in the Palo
. lto Hospital suffering from a
roken wrist and three broken ribs
ustained when he fell from a 22-
>ot ladder yesterday afternoon
•hile decorating for the Branner
ance tomorrow night, according to
report to the Daily last night. He
as adjusting the lighting arrange
lents when the ladder slipped.
John A.. Clark, '30, is in the Palo
. lto Hospital suffering from a
roken wrist and three broken ribs
ustained when he fell from a 22-
>ot ladder yesterday afternoon
•hile decorating for the Branner
ance tomorrow night, according to
report to the Daily last night. He
as adjusting the lighting arrange
lents when the ladder slipped.
John A.. Clark, '30, is in the Palo
. lto Hospital suffering from a
roken wrist and three broken ribs
ustained when he fell from a 22-
>ot ladder yesterday afternoon
•hile decorating for the Branner
ance tomorrow night, according to
report to the Daily last night. He
as adjusting the lighting arrange
lents when the ladder slipped.
John A.. Clark, '30, is in the Palo
. lto Hospital suffering from a
roken wrist and three broken ribs
ustained when he fell from a 22-
>ot ladder yesterday afternoon
•hile decorating for the Branner
ance tomorrow night, according to
report to the Daily last night. He
as adjusting the lighting arrange
lents when the ladder slipped.
John A.. Clark, '30, is in the Palo
. lto Hospital suffering from a
roken wrist and three broken ribs
ustained when he fell from a 22-
>ot ladder yesterday afternoon
•hile decorating for the Branner
ance tomorrow night, according to
report to the Daily last night. He
as adjusting the lighting arrange
lents when the ladder slipped.
John A.. Clark, '30, is in the Palo
. lto Hospital suffering from a
roken wrist and three broken ribs
ustained when he fell from a 22-
>ot ladder yesterday afternoon
•hile decorating for the Branner
ance tomorrow night, according to
report to the Daily last night. He
as adjusting the lighting arrange
lents when the ladder slipped.
