# OLIVE MOTT READS AT SUNDAY VESPERS
## 
### 
Poetry on music will be read by
Olive Mott at the regular Sunday
vesper service held in the Y.W.C.A.
rooms on the top floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse at 5:15 o'clock.
Handel's "Largo" and "Cavalleria
Rusticana" will be given as piano
selections by Catherine Spaulding.
All faculty and woman students are
invited.
Poetry on music will be read by
Olive Mott at the regular Sunday
vesper service held in the Y.W.C.A.
rooms on the top floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse at 5:15 o'clock.
Handel's "Largo" and "Cavalleria
Rusticana" will be given as piano
selections by Catherine Spaulding.
All faculty and woman students are
invited.
Poetry on music will be read by
Olive Mott at the regular Sunday
vesper service held in the Y.W.C.A.
rooms on the top floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse at 5:15 o'clock.
Handel's "Largo" and "Cavalleria
Rusticana" will be given as piano
selections by Catherine Spaulding.
All faculty and woman students are
invited.
Poetry on music will be read by
Olive Mott at the regular Sunday
vesper service held in the Y.W.C.A.
rooms on the top floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse at 5:15 o'clock.
Handel's "Largo" and "Cavalleria
Rusticana" will be given as piano
selections by Catherine Spaulding.
All faculty and woman students are
invited.
Poetry on music will be read by
Olive Mott at the regular Sunday
vesper service held in the Y.W.C.A.
rooms on the top floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse at 5:15 o'clock.
Handel's "Largo" and "Cavalleria
Rusticana" will be given as piano
selections by Catherine Spaulding.
All faculty and woman students are
invited.
Poetry on music will be read by
Olive Mott at the regular Sunday
vesper service held in the Y.W.C.A.
rooms on the top floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse at 5:15 o'clock.
Handel's "Largo" and "Cavalleria
Rusticana" will be given as piano
selections by Catherine Spaulding.
All faculty and woman students are
invited.
Poetry on music will be read by
Olive Mott at the regular Sunday
vesper service held in the Y.W.C.A.
rooms on the top floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse at 5:15 o'clock.
Handel's "Largo" and "Cavalleria
Rusticana" will be given as piano
selections by Catherine Spaulding.
All faculty and woman students are
invited.
Poetry on music will be read by
Olive Mott at the regular Sunday
vesper service held in the Y.W.C.A.
rooms on the top floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse at 5:15 o'clock.
Handel's "Largo" and "Cavalleria
Rusticana" will be given as piano
selections by Catherine Spaulding.
All faculty and woman students are
invited.
Poetry on music will be read by
Olive Mott at the regular Sunday
vesper service held in the Y.W.C.A.
rooms on the top floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse at 5:15 o'clock.
Handel's "Largo" and "Cavalleria
Rusticana" will be given as piano
selections by Catherine Spaulding.
All faculty and woman students are
invited.
Poetry on music will be read by
Olive Mott at the regular Sunday
vesper service held in the Y.W.C.A.
rooms on the top floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse at 5:15 o'clock.
Handel's "Largo" and "Cavalleria
Rusticana" will be given as piano
selections by Catherine Spaulding.
All faculty and woman students are
invited.
Poetry on music will be read by
Olive Mott at the regular Sunday
vesper service held in the Y.W.C.A.
rooms on the top floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse at 5:15 o'clock.
Handel's "Largo" and "Cavalleria
Rusticana" will be given as piano
selections by Catherine Spaulding.
All faculty and woman students are
invited.
Poetry on music will be read by
Olive Mott at the regular Sunday
vesper service held in the Y.W.C.A.
rooms on the top floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse at 5:15 o'clock.
Handel's "Largo" and "Cavalleria
Rusticana" will be given as piano
selections by Catherine Spaulding.
All faculty and woman students are
invited.
Poetry on music will be read by
Olive Mott at the regular Sunday
vesper service held in the Y.W.C.A.
rooms on the top floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse at 5:15 o'clock.
Handel's "Largo" and "Cavalleria
Rusticana" will be given as piano
selections by Catherine Spaulding.
All faculty and woman students are
invited.
Poetry on music will be read by
Olive Mott at the regular Sunday
vesper service held in the Y.W.C.A.
rooms on the top floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse at 5:15 o'clock.
Handel's "Largo" and "Cavalleria
Rusticana" will be given as piano
selections by Catherine Spaulding.
All faculty and woman students are
invited.
Poetry on music will be read by
Olive Mott at the regular Sunday
vesper service held in the Y.W.C.A.
rooms on the top floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse at 5:15 o'clock.
Handel's "Largo" and "Cavalleria
Rusticana" will be given as piano
selections by Catherine Spaulding.
All faculty and woman students are
invited.
Poetry on music will be read by
Olive Mott at the regular Sunday
vesper service held in the Y.W.C.A.
rooms on the top floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse at 5:15 o'clock.
Handel's "Largo" and "Cavalleria
Rusticana" will be given as piano
selections by Catherine Spaulding.
All faculty and woman students are
invited.
