# DO-X PREPARES FOR NEXT LAP OF TRIP TO UNITED STATES
## 
### 
AMSTERDAM, Nov. G (/P).â€”>The
Do-X, largest flying boat in the
world, probably will leave Saturday
for England on another lap of the
flight that is intended eventually
to set the great craft down in New
York harbor.
The Do-X soared from Altenrhe
yesterday and came down here after
an easy flight, but was prevented
from going further by the weather.
The length of stay in the English
town is as yet undetermined, de
pending on the weather, but the de
parture from there will be toward
Havre and then Lisbon, where the
long-dreamed-of flight to America
will begin.
Dr. Claude Dornier said that the
12-motored Do-X, which has greatly
excited sightseeing Hollanders, prob
ably would make an experimental
flight at about 11 o'clock Friday,
going to the Hague and Rotterdam.
