# CHILEAN OFFICIALS RELEASE AMERICAN AIR PHOTOGRAPHER
## 
### 
SANTIAGO DE CHILE, Nov. 6
(/I'). â€”Ambassador William S. Cul
bertson today sought an explanation
tention of Captain Albert W. Stev
from Chilean authorities of the do
ers, aerial photographer for the Na
tional Geographic Society, as ho was
about to leave Chile yesterday.
The ambassador said his complaint
was not against the Chilean govern
ment but against Colonel Merino,
head of the army aviation, who was
understood to have ordered the ar
rest.
Captain Stevens was detained for
three hours, being released after
Ambassador Culbertson had inter
ceded in his behalf. Elis status was
not clear today and it was not known
whether he would be ailowed to re
sume his journey.
