# TURTLES MALT CARS
## 
### 
CHICAGO. Nov. 6 (/P).—All turtles
do not swim, which assertion, made
by K. P. Schmidt, of the Field Mu
seum, was a bit of luck for some
2.000 of them found wandering
across busy Michigan Boulevard,
blocking traffic.
CHICAGO. Nov. 6 (/P).—All turtles
do not swim, which assertion, made
by K. P. Schmidt, of the Field Mu
seum, was a bit of luck for some
2.000 of them found wandering
across busy Michigan Boulevard,
blocking traffic.
CHICAGO. Nov. 6 (/P).—All turtles
do not swim, which assertion, made
by K. P. Schmidt, of the Field Mu
seum, was a bit of luck for some
2.000 of them found wandering
across busy Michigan Boulevard,
blocking traffic.
CHICAGO. Nov. 6 (/P).—All turtles
do not swim, which assertion, made
by K. P. Schmidt, of the Field Mu
seum, was a bit of luck for some
2.000 of them found wandering
across busy Michigan Boulevard,
blocking traffic.
CHICAGO. Nov. 6 (/P).—All turtles
do not swim, which assertion, made
by K. P. Schmidt, of the Field Mu
seum, was a bit of luck for some
2.000 of them found wandering
across busy Michigan Boulevard,
blocking traffic.
CHICAGO. Nov. 6 (/P).—All turtles
do not swim, which assertion, made
by K. P. Schmidt, of the Field Mu
seum, was a bit of luck for some
2.000 of them found wandering
across busy Michigan Boulevard,
blocking traffic.
CHICAGO. Nov. 6 (/P).—All turtles
do not swim, which assertion, made
by K. P. Schmidt, of the Field Mu
seum, was a bit of luck for some
2.000 of them found wandering
across busy Michigan Boulevard,
blocking traffic.
CHICAGO. Nov. 6 (/P).—All turtles
do not swim, which assertion, made
by K. P. Schmidt, of the Field Mu
seum, was a bit of luck for some
2.000 of them found wandering
across busy Michigan Boulevard,
blocking traffic.
CHICAGO. Nov. 6 (/P).—All turtles
do not swim, which assertion, made
by K. P. Schmidt, of the Field Mu
seum, was a bit of luck for some
2.000 of them found wandering
across busy Michigan Boulevard,
blocking traffic.
CHICAGO. Nov. 6 (/P).—All turtles
do not swim, which assertion, made
by K. P. Schmidt, of the Field Mu
seum, was a bit of luck for some
2.000 of them found wandering
across busy Michigan Boulevard,
blocking traffic.
CHICAGO. Nov. 6 (/P).—All turtles
do not swim, which assertion, made
by K. P. Schmidt, of the Field Mu
seum, was a bit of luck for some
2.000 of them found wandering
across busy Michigan Boulevard,
blocking traffic.
CHICAGO. Nov. 6 (/P).—All turtles
do not swim, which assertion, made
by K. P. Schmidt, of the Field Mu
seum, was a bit of luck for some
2.000 of them found wandering
across busy Michigan Boulevard,
blocking traffic.
CHICAGO. Nov. 6 (/P).—All turtles
do not swim, which assertion, made
by K. P. Schmidt, of the Field Mu
seum, was a bit of luck for some
2.000 of them found wandering
across busy Michigan Boulevard,
blocking traffic.
CHICAGO. Nov. 6 (/P).—All turtles
do not swim, which assertion, made
by K. P. Schmidt, of the Field Mu
seum, was a bit of luck for some
2.000 of them found wandering
across busy Michigan Boulevard,
blocking traffic.
CHICAGO. Nov. 6 (/P).—All turtles
do not swim, which assertion, made
by K. P. Schmidt, of the Field Mu
seum, was a bit of luck for some
2.000 of them found wandering
across busy Michigan Boulevard,
blocking traffic.
CHICAGO. Nov. 6 (/P).—All turtles
do not swim, which assertion, made
by K. P. Schmidt, of the Field Mu
seum, was a bit of luck for some
2.000 of them found wandering
across busy Michigan Boulevard,
blocking traffic.
