# TELESCOPE INSTALLED
## 
### 
ST. HELENA, Nov. 6 (/P). —A tele
scope with a 14-inch reflector is
under construction at Pacific Union
College, near St. Helena. When
completed it will be one of the
largest telescopes in Northern Cali
fornia.
ST. HELENA, Nov. 6 (/P). —A tele
scope with a 14-inch reflector is
under construction at Pacific Union
College, near St. Helena. When
completed it will be one of the
largest telescopes in Northern Cali
fornia.
ST. HELENA, Nov. 6 (/P). —A tele
scope with a 14-inch reflector is
under construction at Pacific Union
College, near St. Helena. When
completed it will be one of the
largest telescopes in Northern Cali
fornia.
ST. HELENA, Nov. 6 (/P). —A tele
scope with a 14-inch reflector is
under construction at Pacific Union
College, near St. Helena. When
completed it will be one of the
largest telescopes in Northern Cali
fornia.
ST. HELENA, Nov. 6 (/P). —A tele
scope with a 14-inch reflector is
under construction at Pacific Union
College, near St. Helena. When
completed it will be one of the
largest telescopes in Northern Cali
fornia.
ST. HELENA, Nov. 6 (/P). —A tele
scope with a 14-inch reflector is
under construction at Pacific Union
College, near St. Helena. When
completed it will be one of the
largest telescopes in Northern Cali
fornia.
ST. HELENA, Nov. 6 (/P). —A tele
scope with a 14-inch reflector is
under construction at Pacific Union
College, near St. Helena. When
completed it will be one of the
largest telescopes in Northern Cali
fornia.
ST. HELENA, Nov. 6 (/P). —A tele
scope with a 14-inch reflector is
under construction at Pacific Union
College, near St. Helena. When
completed it will be one of the
largest telescopes in Northern Cali
fornia.
ST. HELENA, Nov. 6 (/P). —A tele
scope with a 14-inch reflector is
under construction at Pacific Union
College, near St. Helena. When
completed it will be one of the
largest telescopes in Northern Cali
fornia.
ST. HELENA, Nov. 6 (/P). —A tele
scope with a 14-inch reflector is
under construction at Pacific Union
College, near St. Helena. When
completed it will be one of the
largest telescopes in Northern Cali
fornia.
ST. HELENA, Nov. 6 (/P). —A tele
scope with a 14-inch reflector is
under construction at Pacific Union
College, near St. Helena. When
completed it will be one of the
largest telescopes in Northern Cali
fornia.
ST. HELENA, Nov. 6 (/P). —A tele
scope with a 14-inch reflector is
under construction at Pacific Union
College, near St. Helena. When
completed it will be one of the
largest telescopes in Northern Cali
fornia.
ST. HELENA, Nov. 6 (/P). —A tele
scope with a 14-inch reflector is
under construction at Pacific Union
College, near St. Helena. When
completed it will be one of the
largest telescopes in Northern Cali
fornia.
ST. HELENA, Nov. 6 (/P). —A tele
scope with a 14-inch reflector is
under construction at Pacific Union
College, near St. Helena. When
completed it will be one of the
largest telescopes in Northern Cali
fornia.
ST. HELENA, Nov. 6 (/P). —A tele
scope with a 14-inch reflector is
under construction at Pacific Union
College, near St. Helena. When
completed it will be one of the
largest telescopes in Northern Cali
fornia.
ST. HELENA, Nov. 6 (/P). —A tele
scope with a 14-inch reflector is
under construction at Pacific Union
College, near St. Helena. When
completed it will be one of the
largest telescopes in Northern Cali
fornia.
