# NEILL HEADS SKULL, SNAKES THIS YEAR
## 
### 
Elections of officers of Skull and
Snakes were held at the Beta Theta
Pi house yesterday afternoon. The
society is composed of junior and
senior Block "S" men and student
body presidents.
Phil Neill was elected president,
and Bud Hawkins was chosen secre
tary of the organization. The retir
ing president, and secretary are Har
low Rothert and Walter Heinecke,
respectively.
Elections of officers of Skull and
Snakes were held at the Beta Theta
Pi house yesterday afternoon. The
society is composed of junior and
senior Block "S" men and student
body presidents.
Phil Neill was elected president,
and Bud Hawkins was chosen secre
tary of the organization. The retir
ing president, and secretary are Har
low Rothert and Walter Heinecke,
respectively.
Elections of officers of Skull and
Snakes were held at the Beta Theta
Pi house yesterday afternoon. The
society is composed of junior and
senior Block "S" men and student
body presidents.
Phil Neill was elected president,
and Bud Hawkins was chosen secre
tary of the organization. The retir
ing president, and secretary are Har
low Rothert and Walter Heinecke,
respectively.
Elections of officers of Skull and
Snakes were held at the Beta Theta
Pi house yesterday afternoon. The
society is composed of junior and
senior Block "S" men and student
body presidents.
Phil Neill was elected president,
and Bud Hawkins was chosen secre
tary of the organization. The retir
ing president, and secretary are Har
low Rothert and Walter Heinecke,
respectively.
Elections of officers of Skull and
Snakes were held at the Beta Theta
Pi house yesterday afternoon. The
society is composed of junior and
senior Block "S" men and student
body presidents.
Phil Neill was elected president,
and Bud Hawkins was chosen secre
tary of the organization. The retir
ing president, and secretary are Har
low Rothert and Walter Heinecke,
respectively.
Elections of officers of Skull and
Snakes were held at the Beta Theta
Pi house yesterday afternoon. The
society is composed of junior and
senior Block "S" men and student
body presidents.
Phil Neill was elected president,
and Bud Hawkins was chosen secre
tary of the organization. The retir
ing president, and secretary are Har
low Rothert and Walter Heinecke,
respectively.
Elections of officers of Skull and
Snakes were held at the Beta Theta
Pi house yesterday afternoon. The
society is composed of junior and
senior Block "S" men and student
body presidents.
Phil Neill was elected president,
and Bud Hawkins was chosen secre
tary of the organization. The retir
ing president, and secretary are Har
low Rothert and Walter Heinecke,
respectively.
Elections of officers of Skull and
Snakes were held at the Beta Theta
Pi house yesterday afternoon. The
society is composed of junior and
senior Block "S" men and student
body presidents.
Phil Neill was elected president,
and Bud Hawkins was chosen secre
tary of the organization. The retir
ing president, and secretary are Har
low Rothert and Walter Heinecke,
respectively.
Elections of officers of Skull and
Snakes were held at the Beta Theta
Pi house yesterday afternoon. The
society is composed of junior and
senior Block "S" men and student
body presidents.
Phil Neill was elected president,
and Bud Hawkins was chosen secre
tary of the organization. The retir
ing president, and secretary are Har
low Rothert and Walter Heinecke,
respectively.
Elections of officers of Skull and
Snakes were held at the Beta Theta
Pi house yesterday afternoon. The
society is composed of junior and
senior Block "S" men and student
body presidents.
Phil Neill was elected president,
and Bud Hawkins was chosen secre
tary of the organization. The retir
ing president, and secretary are Har
low Rothert and Walter Heinecke,
respectively.
Elections of officers of Skull and
Snakes were held at the Beta Theta
Pi house yesterday afternoon. The
society is composed of junior and
senior Block "S" men and student
body presidents.
Phil Neill was elected president,
and Bud Hawkins was chosen secre
tary of the organization. The retir
ing president, and secretary are Har
low Rothert and Walter Heinecke,
respectively.
Elections of officers of Skull and
Snakes were held at the Beta Theta
Pi house yesterday afternoon. The
society is composed of junior and
senior Block "S" men and student
body presidents.
Phil Neill was elected president,
and Bud Hawkins was chosen secre
tary of the organization. The retir
ing president, and secretary are Har
low Rothert and Walter Heinecke,
respectively.
Elections of officers of Skull and
Snakes were held at the Beta Theta
Pi house yesterday afternoon. The
society is composed of junior and
senior Block "S" men and student
body presidents.
Phil Neill was elected president,
and Bud Hawkins was chosen secre
tary of the organization. The retir
ing president, and secretary are Har
low Rothert and Walter Heinecke,
respectively.
Elections of officers of Skull and
Snakes were held at the Beta Theta
Pi house yesterday afternoon. The
society is composed of junior and
senior Block "S" men and student
body presidents.
Phil Neill was elected president,
and Bud Hawkins was chosen secre
tary of the organization. The retir
ing president, and secretary are Har
low Rothert and Walter Heinecke,
respectively.
Elections of officers of Skull and
Snakes were held at the Beta Theta
Pi house yesterday afternoon. The
society is composed of junior and
senior Block "S" men and student
body presidents.
Phil Neill was elected president,
and Bud Hawkins was chosen secre
tary of the organization. The retir
ing president, and secretary are Har
low Rothert and Walter Heinecke,
respectively.
Elections of officers of Skull and
Snakes were held at the Beta Theta
Pi house yesterday afternoon. The
society is composed of junior and
senior Block "S" men and student
body presidents.
Phil Neill was elected president,
and Bud Hawkins was chosen secre
tary of the organization. The retir
ing president, and secretary are Har
low Rothert and Walter Heinecke,
respectively.
