# DRY ORGANIZATIONS RETAIN CONTROL IN RECENT ELECTIONS
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Nov. 6 (/P). â€”Dry
organizations and a dry senator,
Sheppard of Texas, looked over
election returns today and decided
that prohibition had not suffered.
An organization seeking modifica
tion, the Federal Dispensary Tax
Reduction League, looked at these
same returns and announced it had
sponsored 160 candidates in Tues
day's election and that all but 16
were elected.
"The Anti-Saloon League said the
"dry cause had weathered the
Democratic landslide and the un
precedented wet campaign in a re
markable way."
Sheppard said prohibition would
be safe in the new congress and that
the election indicated the people
were swinging back lo the Demo
cratic party.
