# CORRECTION
## 
### 
Ralph J. Allen, son of E. A. A
University plumber, died at Ii
California, last Saturday as the
suit of internal injuries receive
the World War.
Ralph J. Allen, son of E. A. A
University plumber, died at Ii
California, last Saturday as the
suit of internal injuries receive
the World War.
Ralph J. Allen, son of E. A. A
University plumber, died at Ii
California, last Saturday as the
suit of internal injuries receive
the World War.
Ralph J. Allen, son of E. A. A
University plumber, died at Ii
California, last Saturday as the
suit of internal injuries receive
the World War.
Ralph J. Allen, son of E. A. A
University plumber, died at Ii
California, last Saturday as the
suit of internal injuries receive
the World War.
Ralph J. Allen, son of E. A. A
University plumber, died at Ii
California, last Saturday as the
suit of internal injuries receive
the World War.
Ralph J. Allen, son of E. A. A
University plumber, died at Ii
California, last Saturday as the
suit of internal injuries receive
the World War.
Ralph J. Allen, son of E. A. A
University plumber, died at Ii
California, last Saturday as the
suit of internal injuries receive
the World War.
Ralph J. Allen, son of E. A. A
University plumber, died at Ii
California, last Saturday as the
suit of internal injuries receive
the World War.
Ralph J. Allen, son of E. A. A
University plumber, died at Ii
California, last Saturday as the
suit of internal injuries receive
the World War.
Ralph J. Allen, son of E. A. A
University plumber, died at Ii
California, last Saturday as the
suit of internal injuries receive
the World War.
Ralph J. Allen, son of E. A. A
University plumber, died at Ii
California, last Saturday as the
suit of internal injuries receive
the World War.
Ralph J. Allen, son of E. A. A
University plumber, died at Ii
California, last Saturday as the
suit of internal injuries receive
the World War.
Ralph J. Allen, son of E. A. A
University plumber, died at Ii
California, last Saturday as the
suit of internal injuries receive
the World War.
Ralph J. Allen, son of E. A. A
University plumber, died at Ii
California, last Saturday as the
suit of internal injuries receive
the World War.
Ralph J. Allen, son of E. A. A
University plumber, died at Ii
California, last Saturday as the
suit of internal injuries receive
the World War.
