# EARTHQUAKE AT U.C.
## 
### 
I (10 UK KLK Y. May 7. (/p)—'The
University of California seismo
graph station reported today the
instruments there had recorded an
apparently violent and distant
earthquake beginning at 2:53 p.m.
Tuesday and lasting about two
hours.
I (10 UK KLK Y. May 7. (/p)—'The
University of California seismo
graph station reported today the
instruments there had recorded an
apparently violent and distant
earthquake beginning at 2:53 p.m.
Tuesday and lasting about two
hours.
I (10 UK KLK Y. May 7. (/p)—'The
University of California seismo
graph station reported today the
instruments there had recorded an
apparently violent and distant
earthquake beginning at 2:53 p.m.
Tuesday and lasting about two
hours.
I (10 UK KLK Y. May 7. (/p)—'The
University of California seismo
graph station reported today the
instruments there had recorded an
apparently violent and distant
earthquake beginning at 2:53 p.m.
Tuesday and lasting about two
hours.
I (10 UK KLK Y. May 7. (/p)—'The
University of California seismo
graph station reported today the
instruments there had recorded an
apparently violent and distant
earthquake beginning at 2:53 p.m.
Tuesday and lasting about two
hours.
I (10 UK KLK Y. May 7. (/p)—'The
University of California seismo
graph station reported today the
instruments there had recorded an
apparently violent and distant
earthquake beginning at 2:53 p.m.
Tuesday and lasting about two
hours.
I (10 UK KLK Y. May 7. (/p)—'The
University of California seismo
graph station reported today the
instruments there had recorded an
apparently violent and distant
earthquake beginning at 2:53 p.m.
Tuesday and lasting about two
hours.
I (10 UK KLK Y. May 7. (/p)—'The
University of California seismo
graph station reported today the
instruments there had recorded an
apparently violent and distant
earthquake beginning at 2:53 p.m.
Tuesday and lasting about two
hours.
I (10 UK KLK Y. May 7. (/p)—'The
University of California seismo
graph station reported today the
instruments there had recorded an
apparently violent and distant
earthquake beginning at 2:53 p.m.
Tuesday and lasting about two
hours.
I (10 UK KLK Y. May 7. (/p)—'The
University of California seismo
graph station reported today the
instruments there had recorded an
apparently violent and distant
earthquake beginning at 2:53 p.m.
Tuesday and lasting about two
hours.
I (10 UK KLK Y. May 7. (/p)—'The
University of California seismo
graph station reported today the
instruments there had recorded an
apparently violent and distant
earthquake beginning at 2:53 p.m.
Tuesday and lasting about two
hours.
I (10 UK KLK Y. May 7. (/p)—'The
University of California seismo
graph station reported today the
instruments there had recorded an
apparently violent and distant
earthquake beginning at 2:53 p.m.
Tuesday and lasting about two
hours.
I (10 UK KLK Y. May 7. (/p)—'The
University of California seismo
graph station reported today the
instruments there had recorded an
apparently violent and distant
earthquake beginning at 2:53 p.m.
Tuesday and lasting about two
hours.
I (10 UK KLK Y. May 7. (/p)—'The
University of California seismo
graph station reported today the
instruments there had recorded an
apparently violent and distant
earthquake beginning at 2:53 p.m.
Tuesday and lasting about two
hours.
