# Untitled Article
## 
### 
If conditions are at all favorable,
college students should hi* married, is
the advice of John H. Mueller, asso
ciate professor of sociology at Ore
gon, as he pointed out the high
scholastic record of college couples, j
If conditions are at all favorable,
college students should hi* married, is
the advice of John H. Mueller, asso
ciate professor of sociology at Ore
gon, as he pointed out the high
scholastic record of college couples, j
If conditions are at all favorable,
college students should hi* married, is
the advice of John H. Mueller, asso
ciate professor of sociology at Ore
gon, as he pointed out the high
scholastic record of college couples, j
If conditions are at all favorable,
college students should hi* married, is
the advice of John H. Mueller, asso
ciate professor of sociology at Ore
gon, as he pointed out the high
scholastic record of college couples, j
If conditions are at all favorable,
college students should hi* married, is
the advice of John H. Mueller, asso
ciate professor of sociology at Ore
gon, as he pointed out the high
scholastic record of college couples, j
If conditions are at all favorable,
college students should hi* married, is
the advice of John H. Mueller, asso
ciate professor of sociology at Ore
gon, as he pointed out the high
scholastic record of college couples, j
If conditions are at all favorable,
college students should hi* married, is
the advice of John H. Mueller, asso
ciate professor of sociology at Ore
gon, as he pointed out the high
scholastic record of college couples, j
If conditions are at all favorable,
college students should hi* married, is
the advice of John H. Mueller, asso
ciate professor of sociology at Ore
gon, as he pointed out the high
scholastic record of college couples, j
If conditions are at all favorable,
college students should hi* married, is
the advice of John H. Mueller, asso
ciate professor of sociology at Ore
gon, as he pointed out the high
scholastic record of college couples, j
If conditions are at all favorable,
college students should hi* married, is
the advice of John H. Mueller, asso
ciate professor of sociology at Ore
gon, as he pointed out the high
scholastic record of college couples, j
If conditions are at all favorable,
college students should hi* married, is
the advice of John H. Mueller, asso
ciate professor of sociology at Ore
gon, as he pointed out the high
scholastic record of college couples, j
If conditions are at all favorable,
college students should hi* married, is
the advice of John H. Mueller, asso
ciate professor of sociology at Ore
gon, as he pointed out the high
scholastic record of college couples, j
If conditions are at all favorable,
college students should hi* married, is
the advice of John H. Mueller, asso
ciate professor of sociology at Ore
gon, as he pointed out the high
scholastic record of college couples, j
If conditions are at all favorable,
college students should hi* married, is
the advice of John H. Mueller, asso
ciate professor of sociology at Ore
gon, as he pointed out the high
scholastic record of college couples, j
