# GENERAL SALE OF PROM BIDS WILL BE HELD TODAY
## 
### 
With almost half the avail
able bids already taken by
members of the Junior Class,
the remaining bids for tlio
1930 Junior Prom will be
placed on general sale this
morning at the A.S.S.U. office
in t lie Old Union.
The prom is to be given on
the niglu of Friday, May IG,
in the Pavilion. The bids are
$5.00 and any registered stu
dent is eligible to purchase
one.
Val Valente and his eleven
piece, radio-broadcasting or
chestra have been engaged to
furnish music for the prom
and arrangements have been
made to transform t lie entire
Pavilion into an elaborate
multi-colored ballroom.
