# MORGAN, FORUM LEADER
## 
### 
Professor B. Q. Morgan of the
Germanic Language Department has
been asked by the Palo Alto Times
to conduct a daily forum of ques
tions and answers in a column on
post-war peace problems.
Professor B. Q. Morgan of the
Germanic Language Department has
been asked by the Palo Alto Times
to conduct a daily forum of ques
tions and answers in a column on
post-war peace problems.
Professor B. Q. Morgan of the
Germanic Language Department has
been asked by the Palo Alto Times
to conduct a daily forum of ques
tions and answers in a column on
post-war peace problems.
Professor B. Q. Morgan of the
Germanic Language Department has
been asked by the Palo Alto Times
to conduct a daily forum of ques
tions and answers in a column on
post-war peace problems.
Professor B. Q. Morgan of the
Germanic Language Department has
been asked by the Palo Alto Times
to conduct a daily forum of ques
tions and answers in a column on
post-war peace problems.
Professor B. Q. Morgan of the
Germanic Language Department has
been asked by the Palo Alto Times
to conduct a daily forum of ques
tions and answers in a column on
post-war peace problems.
Professor B. Q. Morgan of the
Germanic Language Department has
been asked by the Palo Alto Times
to conduct a daily forum of ques
tions and answers in a column on
post-war peace problems.
Professor B. Q. Morgan of the
Germanic Language Department has
been asked by the Palo Alto Times
to conduct a daily forum of ques
tions and answers in a column on
post-war peace problems.
Professor B. Q. Morgan of the
Germanic Language Department has
been asked by the Palo Alto Times
to conduct a daily forum of ques
tions and answers in a column on
post-war peace problems.
Professor B. Q. Morgan of the
Germanic Language Department has
been asked by the Palo Alto Times
to conduct a daily forum of ques
tions and answers in a column on
post-war peace problems.
Professor B. Q. Morgan of the
Germanic Language Department has
been asked by the Palo Alto Times
to conduct a daily forum of ques
tions and answers in a column on
post-war peace problems.
Professor B. Q. Morgan of the
Germanic Language Department has
been asked by the Palo Alto Times
to conduct a daily forum of ques
tions and answers in a column on
post-war peace problems.
Professor B. Q. Morgan of the
Germanic Language Department has
been asked by the Palo Alto Times
to conduct a daily forum of ques
tions and answers in a column on
post-war peace problems.
Professor B. Q. Morgan of the
Germanic Language Department has
been asked by the Palo Alto Times
to conduct a daily forum of ques
tions and answers in a column on
post-war peace problems.
Professor B. Q. Morgan of the
Germanic Language Department has
been asked by the Palo Alto Times
to conduct a daily forum of ques
tions and answers in a column on
post-war peace problems.
Professor B. Q. Morgan of the
Germanic Language Department has
been asked by the Palo Alto Times
to conduct a daily forum of ques
tions and answers in a column on
post-war peace problems.
Professor B. Q. Morgan of the
Germanic Language Department has
been asked by the Palo Alto Times
to conduct a daily forum of ques
tions and answers in a column on
post-war peace problems.
