# Toyon Club to Hold Informal Dance Soon
## 
### 
Toyon Club will hold an informal
dance this Saturday evening from 9
to 1 in the lobby. The dance will
take the place of the Annual Toyon
Winter Formal, according to Rene
Zentner, hall dance chairman, who
said an informal dance was decided
upon instead of a more expensive
formal affair.
Toyon Club will hold an informal
dance this Saturday evening from 9
to 1 in the lobby. The dance will
take the place of the Annual Toyon
Winter Formal, according to Rene
Zentner, hall dance chairman, who
said an informal dance was decided
upon instead of a more expensive
formal affair.
Toyon Club will hold an informal
dance this Saturday evening from 9
to 1 in the lobby. The dance will
take the place of the Annual Toyon
Winter Formal, according to Rene
Zentner, hall dance chairman, who
said an informal dance was decided
upon instead of a more expensive
formal affair.
Toyon Club will hold an informal
dance this Saturday evening from 9
to 1 in the lobby. The dance will
take the place of the Annual Toyon
Winter Formal, according to Rene
Zentner, hall dance chairman, who
said an informal dance was decided
upon instead of a more expensive
formal affair.
Toyon Club will hold an informal
dance this Saturday evening from 9
to 1 in the lobby. The dance will
take the place of the Annual Toyon
Winter Formal, according to Rene
Zentner, hall dance chairman, who
said an informal dance was decided
upon instead of a more expensive
formal affair.
Toyon Club will hold an informal
dance this Saturday evening from 9
to 1 in the lobby. The dance will
take the place of the Annual Toyon
Winter Formal, according to Rene
Zentner, hall dance chairman, who
said an informal dance was decided
upon instead of a more expensive
formal affair.
Toyon Club will hold an informal
dance this Saturday evening from 9
to 1 in the lobby. The dance will
take the place of the Annual Toyon
Winter Formal, according to Rene
Zentner, hall dance chairman, who
said an informal dance was decided
upon instead of a more expensive
formal affair.
Toyon Club will hold an informal
dance this Saturday evening from 9
to 1 in the lobby. The dance will
take the place of the Annual Toyon
Winter Formal, according to Rene
Zentner, hall dance chairman, who
said an informal dance was decided
upon instead of a more expensive
formal affair.
Toyon Club will hold an informal
dance this Saturday evening from 9
to 1 in the lobby. The dance will
take the place of the Annual Toyon
Winter Formal, according to Rene
Zentner, hall dance chairman, who
said an informal dance was decided
upon instead of a more expensive
formal affair.
Toyon Club will hold an informal
dance this Saturday evening from 9
to 1 in the lobby. The dance will
take the place of the Annual Toyon
Winter Formal, according to Rene
Zentner, hall dance chairman, who
said an informal dance was decided
upon instead of a more expensive
formal affair.
Toyon Club will hold an informal
dance this Saturday evening from 9
to 1 in the lobby. The dance will
take the place of the Annual Toyon
Winter Formal, according to Rene
Zentner, hall dance chairman, who
said an informal dance was decided
upon instead of a more expensive
formal affair.
Toyon Club will hold an informal
dance this Saturday evening from 9
to 1 in the lobby. The dance will
take the place of the Annual Toyon
Winter Formal, according to Rene
Zentner, hall dance chairman, who
said an informal dance was decided
upon instead of a more expensive
formal affair.
Toyon Club will hold an informal
dance this Saturday evening from 9
to 1 in the lobby. The dance will
take the place of the Annual Toyon
Winter Formal, according to Rene
Zentner, hall dance chairman, who
said an informal dance was decided
upon instead of a more expensive
formal affair.
Toyon Club will hold an informal
dance this Saturday evening from 9
to 1 in the lobby. The dance will
take the place of the Annual Toyon
Winter Formal, according to Rene
Zentner, hall dance chairman, who
said an informal dance was decided
upon instead of a more expensive
formal affair.
Toyon Club will hold an informal
dance this Saturday evening from 9
to 1 in the lobby. The dance will
take the place of the Annual Toyon
Winter Formal, according to Rene
Zentner, hall dance chairman, who
said an informal dance was decided
upon instead of a more expensive
formal affair.
Toyon Club will hold an informal
dance this Saturday evening from 9
to 1 in the lobby. The dance will
take the place of the Annual Toyon
Winter Formal, according to Rene
Zentner, hall dance chairman, who
said an informal dance was decided
upon instead of a more expensive
formal affair.
Toyon Club will hold an informal
dance this Saturday evening from 9
to 1 in the lobby. The dance will
take the place of the Annual Toyon
Winter Formal, according to Rene
Zentner, hall dance chairman, who
said an informal dance was decided
upon instead of a more expensive
formal affair.
