# Adv. 22 Page 4
## 
### 
A Cornell professor claims he has
developed a new type of cabbage
which will not smell up the hou.se
when cooking.
A Cornell professor claims he has
developed a new type of cabbage
which will not smell up the hou.se
when cooking.
A Cornell professor claims he has
developed a new type of cabbage
which will not smell up the hou.se
when cooking.
A Cornell professor claims he has
developed a new type of cabbage
which will not smell up the hou.se
when cooking.
A Cornell professor claims he has
developed a new type of cabbage
which will not smell up the hou.se
when cooking.
A Cornell professor claims he has
developed a new type of cabbage
which will not smell up the hou.se
when cooking.
A Cornell professor claims he has
developed a new type of cabbage
which will not smell up the hou.se
when cooking.
A Cornell professor claims he has
developed a new type of cabbage
which will not smell up the hou.se
when cooking.
A Cornell professor claims he has
developed a new type of cabbage
which will not smell up the hou.se
when cooking.
A Cornell professor claims he has
developed a new type of cabbage
which will not smell up the hou.se
when cooking.
A Cornell professor claims he has
developed a new type of cabbage
which will not smell up the hou.se
when cooking.
A Cornell professor claims he has
developed a new type of cabbage
which will not smell up the hou.se
when cooking.
A Cornell professor claims he has
developed a new type of cabbage
which will not smell up the hou.se
when cooking.
A Cornell professor claims he has
developed a new type of cabbage
which will not smell up the hou.se
when cooking.
A Cornell professor claims he has
developed a new type of cabbage
which will not smell up the hou.se
when cooking.
