# ENTHUSIASTIC BADMINTON RACKET SWINGERS
## 
### 

Members of Stanford's relatively new Badminton Club are pictured
here. They are Al-<ti Hutchinson, Jane Lenunoii, Dorothy Baker, and
Miller Freeman. (Stanford Daily Photo.)

Members of Stanford's relatively new Badminton Club are pictured
here. They are Al-<ti Hutchinson, Jane Lenunoii, Dorothy Baker, and
Miller Freeman. (Stanford Daily Photo.)

Members of Stanford's relatively new Badminton Club are pictured
here. They are Al-<ti Hutchinson, Jane Lenunoii, Dorothy Baker, and
Miller Freeman. (Stanford Daily Photo.)

Members of Stanford's relatively new Badminton Club are pictured
here. They are Al-<ti Hutchinson, Jane Lenunoii, Dorothy Baker, and
Miller Freeman. (Stanford Daily Photo.)

Members of Stanford's relatively new Badminton Club are pictured
here. They are Al-<ti Hutchinson, Jane Lenunoii, Dorothy Baker, and
Miller Freeman. (Stanford Daily Photo.)

Members of Stanford's relatively new Badminton Club are pictured
here. They are Al-<ti Hutchinson, Jane Lenunoii, Dorothy Baker, and
Miller Freeman. (Stanford Daily Photo.)

Members of Stanford's relatively new Badminton Club are pictured
here. They are Al-<ti Hutchinson, Jane Lenunoii, Dorothy Baker, and
Miller Freeman. (Stanford Daily Photo.)

Members of Stanford's relatively new Badminton Club are pictured
here. They are Al-<ti Hutchinson, Jane Lenunoii, Dorothy Baker, and
Miller Freeman. (Stanford Daily Photo.)

Members of Stanford's relatively new Badminton Club are pictured
here. They are Al-<ti Hutchinson, Jane Lenunoii, Dorothy Baker, and
Miller Freeman. (Stanford Daily Photo.)

Members of Stanford's relatively new Badminton Club are pictured
here. They are Al-<ti Hutchinson, Jane Lenunoii, Dorothy Baker, and
Miller Freeman. (Stanford Daily Photo.)

Members of Stanford's relatively new Badminton Club are pictured
here. They are Al-<ti Hutchinson, Jane Lenunoii, Dorothy Baker, and
Miller Freeman. (Stanford Daily Photo.)

Members of Stanford's relatively new Badminton Club are pictured
here. They are Al-<ti Hutchinson, Jane Lenunoii, Dorothy Baker, and
Miller Freeman. (Stanford Daily Photo.)

Members of Stanford's relatively new Badminton Club are pictured
here. They are Al-<ti Hutchinson, Jane Lenunoii, Dorothy Baker, and
Miller Freeman. (Stanford Daily Photo.)

Members of Stanford's relatively new Badminton Club are pictured
here. They are Al-<ti Hutchinson, Jane Lenunoii, Dorothy Baker, and
Miller Freeman. (Stanford Daily Photo.)

Members of Stanford's relatively new Badminton Club are pictured
here. They are Al-<ti Hutchinson, Jane Lenunoii, Dorothy Baker, and
Miller Freeman. (Stanford Daily Photo.)
