# Newman Gives Fiesta Tonight
## 
### 
An all-campus Fiesta, with the
atmosphere of old Mexico, spon
sored by Newman Club, will take
place tonight at 8. Newman Hall,
built in (he Spanish style, at Cow
per and Melville in Palo Alto, is
to be the location of the Fiesta.
Mexican decorations, including
a “pinata" and colors from “south
of the border,” will provide the
setting for the Fiesta. Music pro
vided for dancing will be both
Mexican and American. Mexican
refreshments will be served.
Thirteen Mexican students, cur
rently visiting this country, will
be special guests for the evening,
and will lend "their experience to
a few traditional dances for ev
eryone to do. Tickets may be pur
chased at the door this evening
for $l.OO.
