# Wallabies Are Again Victorious.
## 
### 
The Wallabies of Australia defeated
the All-California team last Saturday
afternoon in San Francisco by a score
of 17-0. The field was in excellent
condition, and the Wallabies had thp
best opportunity to show their skill
and speed.
The Wallabies of Australia defeated
the All-California team last Saturday
afternoon in San Francisco by a score
of 17-0. The field was in excellent
condition, and the Wallabies had thp
best opportunity to show their skill
and speed.
The Wallabies of Australia defeated
the All-California team last Saturday
afternoon in San Francisco by a score
of 17-0. The field was in excellent
condition, and the Wallabies had thp
best opportunity to show their skill
and speed.
The Wallabies of Australia defeated
the All-California team last Saturday
afternoon in San Francisco by a score
of 17-0. The field was in excellent
condition, and the Wallabies had thp
best opportunity to show their skill
and speed.
The Wallabies of Australia defeated
the All-California team last Saturday
afternoon in San Francisco by a score
of 17-0. The field was in excellent
condition, and the Wallabies had thp
best opportunity to show their skill
and speed.
The Wallabies of Australia defeated
the All-California team last Saturday
afternoon in San Francisco by a score
of 17-0. The field was in excellent
condition, and the Wallabies had thp
best opportunity to show their skill
and speed.
The Wallabies of Australia defeated
the All-California team last Saturday
afternoon in San Francisco by a score
of 17-0. The field was in excellent
condition, and the Wallabies had thp
best opportunity to show their skill
and speed.
The Wallabies of Australia defeated
the All-California team last Saturday
afternoon in San Francisco by a score
of 17-0. The field was in excellent
condition, and the Wallabies had thp
best opportunity to show their skill
and speed.
The Wallabies of Australia defeated
the All-California team last Saturday
afternoon in San Francisco by a score
of 17-0. The field was in excellent
condition, and the Wallabies had thp
best opportunity to show their skill
and speed.
The Wallabies of Australia defeated
the All-California team last Saturday
afternoon in San Francisco by a score
of 17-0. The field was in excellent
condition, and the Wallabies had thp
best opportunity to show their skill
and speed.
The Wallabies of Australia defeated
the All-California team last Saturday
afternoon in San Francisco by a score
of 17-0. The field was in excellent
condition, and the Wallabies had thp
best opportunity to show their skill
and speed.
