# Guerard Delivers Lecture.
## 
### 
Thursday afternoon Assistant Pro
fessor Guerard of the Romanic Lan
guage department delivered the sec
ond lecture in the series he is giv
ing this semester on France. This
lecture was on "Versailles and Louis
XIV," and numerous slides were used,
showing the architecture and statu
ary of that period.
Thursday afternoon Assistant Pro
fessor Guerard of the Romanic Lan
guage department delivered the sec
ond lecture in the series he is giv
ing this semester on France. This
lecture was on "Versailles and Louis
XIV," and numerous slides were used,
showing the architecture and statu
ary of that period.
Thursday afternoon Assistant Pro
fessor Guerard of the Romanic Lan
guage department delivered the sec
ond lecture in the series he is giv
ing this semester on France. This
lecture was on "Versailles and Louis
XIV," and numerous slides were used,
showing the architecture and statu
ary of that period.
Thursday afternoon Assistant Pro
fessor Guerard of the Romanic Lan
guage department delivered the sec
ond lecture in the series he is giv
ing this semester on France. This
lecture was on "Versailles and Louis
XIV," and numerous slides were used,
showing the architecture and statu
ary of that period.
Thursday afternoon Assistant Pro
fessor Guerard of the Romanic Lan
guage department delivered the sec
ond lecture in the series he is giv
ing this semester on France. This
lecture was on "Versailles and Louis
XIV," and numerous slides were used,
showing the architecture and statu
ary of that period.
Thursday afternoon Assistant Pro
fessor Guerard of the Romanic Lan
guage department delivered the sec
ond lecture in the series he is giv
ing this semester on France. This
lecture was on "Versailles and Louis
XIV," and numerous slides were used,
showing the architecture and statu
ary of that period.
Thursday afternoon Assistant Pro
fessor Guerard of the Romanic Lan
guage department delivered the sec
ond lecture in the series he is giv
ing this semester on France. This
lecture was on "Versailles and Louis
XIV," and numerous slides were used,
showing the architecture and statu
ary of that period.
Thursday afternoon Assistant Pro
fessor Guerard of the Romanic Lan
guage department delivered the sec
ond lecture in the series he is giv
ing this semester on France. This
lecture was on "Versailles and Louis
XIV," and numerous slides were used,
showing the architecture and statu
ary of that period.
Thursday afternoon Assistant Pro
fessor Guerard of the Romanic Lan
guage department delivered the sec
ond lecture in the series he is giv
ing this semester on France. This
lecture was on "Versailles and Louis
XIV," and numerous slides were used,
showing the architecture and statu
ary of that period.
Thursday afternoon Assistant Pro
fessor Guerard of the Romanic Lan
guage department delivered the sec
ond lecture in the series he is giv
ing this semester on France. This
lecture was on "Versailles and Louis
XIV," and numerous slides were used,
showing the architecture and statu
ary of that period.
Thursday afternoon Assistant Pro
fessor Guerard of the Romanic Lan
guage department delivered the sec
ond lecture in the series he is giv
ing this semester on France. This
lecture was on "Versailles and Louis
XIV," and numerous slides were used,
showing the architecture and statu
ary of that period.
