# Sophomores vs. Freshmen Tomorrow.
## 
### 
The interclass baseball series be
gins tomorrow afternoon at 3:30
o'clock, when the Sophomore nine will
meet the Freshman team on the var
sity diamond. The underclass teams
have had small chance for practice,
but a good opening game is expected.
The interclass baseball series be
gins tomorrow afternoon at 3:30
o'clock, when the Sophomore nine will
meet the Freshman team on the var
sity diamond. The underclass teams
have had small chance for practice,
but a good opening game is expected.
The interclass baseball series be
gins tomorrow afternoon at 3:30
o'clock, when the Sophomore nine will
meet the Freshman team on the var
sity diamond. The underclass teams
have had small chance for practice,
but a good opening game is expected.
The interclass baseball series be
gins tomorrow afternoon at 3:30
o'clock, when the Sophomore nine will
meet the Freshman team on the var
sity diamond. The underclass teams
have had small chance for practice,
but a good opening game is expected.
The interclass baseball series be
gins tomorrow afternoon at 3:30
o'clock, when the Sophomore nine will
meet the Freshman team on the var
sity diamond. The underclass teams
have had small chance for practice,
but a good opening game is expected.
The interclass baseball series be
gins tomorrow afternoon at 3:30
o'clock, when the Sophomore nine will
meet the Freshman team on the var
sity diamond. The underclass teams
have had small chance for practice,
but a good opening game is expected.
The interclass baseball series be
gins tomorrow afternoon at 3:30
o'clock, when the Sophomore nine will
meet the Freshman team on the var
sity diamond. The underclass teams
have had small chance for practice,
but a good opening game is expected.
The interclass baseball series be
gins tomorrow afternoon at 3:30
o'clock, when the Sophomore nine will
meet the Freshman team on the var
sity diamond. The underclass teams
have had small chance for practice,
but a good opening game is expected.
The interclass baseball series be
gins tomorrow afternoon at 3:30
o'clock, when the Sophomore nine will
meet the Freshman team on the var
sity diamond. The underclass teams
have had small chance for practice,
but a good opening game is expected.
The interclass baseball series be
gins tomorrow afternoon at 3:30
o'clock, when the Sophomore nine will
meet the Freshman team on the var
sity diamond. The underclass teams
have had small chance for practice,
but a good opening game is expected.
The interclass baseball series be
gins tomorrow afternoon at 3:30
o'clock, when the Sophomore nine will
meet the Freshman team on the var
sity diamond. The underclass teams
have had small chance for practice,
but a good opening game is expected.
