# Adv. 76 Page 27
## 
### 
Read The Daily. Recycle The Daily
Official
University
Business Cards
Order cards from your office or
home computer by using Portfolio
version 1.1 or any Web browser and
go to The Campus Directory.
Browser address:
http://www-portfolio.stanford.edu/
$anoo
for
two color cards
Read The Daily. Recycle The Daily
Official
University
Business Cards
Order cards from your office or
home computer by using Portfolio
version 1.1 or any Web browser and
go to The Campus Directory.
Browser address:
http://www-portfolio.stanford.edu/
$anoo
for
two color cards
Read The Daily. Recycle The Daily
Official
University
Business Cards
Order cards from your office or
home computer by using Portfolio
version 1.1 or any Web browser and
go to The Campus Directory.
Browser address:
http://www-portfolio.stanford.edu/
$anoo
for
two color cards
Read The Daily. Recycle The Daily
Official
University
Business Cards
Order cards from your office or
home computer by using Portfolio
version 1.1 or any Web browser and
go to The Campus Directory.
Browser address:
http://www-portfolio.stanford.edu/
$anoo
for
two color cards
Read The Daily. Recycle The Daily
Official
University
Business Cards
Order cards from your office or
home computer by using Portfolio
version 1.1 or any Web browser and
go to The Campus Directory.
Browser address:
http://www-portfolio.stanford.edu/
$anoo
for
two color cards
Read The Daily. Recycle The Daily
Official
University
Business Cards
Order cards from your office or
home computer by using Portfolio
version 1.1 or any Web browser and
go to The Campus Directory.
Browser address:
http://www-portfolio.stanford.edu/
$anoo
for
two color cards
