# Sodalities Enlist
## Santa Clara Club, Famous as Baseball Organization, Flocks to Rugby Standard 
### 
Within a week or two, the town of
Santa Clara will have another strong
rugby team in the field. The Sodality
Club, well known on the coast as base
hall stars, and who in the days of
American football here always put out
a spltmdid team, will take up rugby
for the tirst time. The Sodality Club Is
an athletic club very similar to the
Barbarians in organization. It is com
posed largely of graduates from Santa
Clara University, most of whom have
played rugby before.
The men have been out in suits for
the past week practicing with the
Santa Clara squad and are in good
condition. Acqistapace, who starred
for Santa Clara in football, will man
age the team and is already arranging
the schedule of games to be played
Kiely, Stuart. Condron, Acquistapace,
McCann, and Cillman are amone the
well known athletes who will be out
for positions on the new team.
Within a week or two, the town of
Santa Clara will have another strong
rugby team in the field. The Sodality
Club, well known on the coast as base
hall stars, and who in the days of
American football here always put out
a spltmdid team, will take up rugby
for the tirst time. The Sodality Club Is
an athletic club very similar to the
Barbarians in organization. It is com
posed largely of graduates from Santa
Clara University, most of whom have
played rugby before.
The men have been out in suits for
the past week practicing with the
Santa Clara squad and are in good
condition. Acqistapace, who starred
for Santa Clara in football, will man
age the team and is already arranging
the schedule of games to be played
Kiely, Stuart. Condron, Acquistapace,
McCann, and Cillman are amone the
well known athletes who will be out
for positions on the new team.
Within a week or two, the town of
Santa Clara will have another strong
rugby team in the field. The Sodality
Club, well known on the coast as base
hall stars, and who in the days of
American football here always put out
a spltmdid team, will take up rugby
for the tirst time. The Sodality Club Is
an athletic club very similar to the
Barbarians in organization. It is com
posed largely of graduates from Santa
Clara University, most of whom have
played rugby before.
The men have been out in suits for
the past week practicing with the
Santa Clara squad and are in good
condition. Acqistapace, who starred
for Santa Clara in football, will man
age the team and is already arranging
the schedule of games to be played
Kiely, Stuart. Condron, Acquistapace,
McCann, and Cillman are amone the
well known athletes who will be out
for positions on the new team.
Within a week or two, the town of
Santa Clara will have another strong
rugby team in the field. The Sodality
Club, well known on the coast as base
hall stars, and who in the days of
American football here always put out
a spltmdid team, will take up rugby
for the tirst time. The Sodality Club Is
an athletic club very similar to the
Barbarians in organization. It is com
posed largely of graduates from Santa
Clara University, most of whom have
played rugby before.
The men have been out in suits for
the past week practicing with the
Santa Clara squad and are in good
condition. Acqistapace, who starred
for Santa Clara in football, will man
age the team and is already arranging
the schedule of games to be played
Kiely, Stuart. Condron, Acquistapace,
McCann, and Cillman are amone the
well known athletes who will be out
for positions on the new team.
Within a week or two, the town of
Santa Clara will have another strong
rugby team in the field. The Sodality
Club, well known on the coast as base
hall stars, and who in the days of
American football here always put out
a spltmdid team, will take up rugby
for the tirst time. The Sodality Club Is
an athletic club very similar to the
Barbarians in organization. It is com
posed largely of graduates from Santa
Clara University, most of whom have
played rugby before.
The men have been out in suits for
the past week practicing with the
Santa Clara squad and are in good
condition. Acqistapace, who starred
for Santa Clara in football, will man
age the team and is already arranging
the schedule of games to be played
Kiely, Stuart. Condron, Acquistapace,
McCann, and Cillman are amone the
well known athletes who will be out
for positions on the new team.
Within a week or two, the town of
Santa Clara will have another strong
rugby team in the field. The Sodality
Club, well known on the coast as base
hall stars, and who in the days of
American football here always put out
a spltmdid team, will take up rugby
for the tirst time. The Sodality Club Is
an athletic club very similar to the
Barbarians in organization. It is com
posed largely of graduates from Santa
Clara University, most of whom have
played rugby before.
The men have been out in suits for
the past week practicing with the
Santa Clara squad and are in good
condition. Acqistapace, who starred
for Santa Clara in football, will man
age the team and is already arranging
the schedule of games to be played
Kiely, Stuart. Condron, Acquistapace,
McCann, and Cillman are amone the
well known athletes who will be out
for positions on the new team.
Within a week or two, the town of
Santa Clara will have another strong
rugby team in the field. The Sodality
Club, well known on the coast as base
hall stars, and who in the days of
American football here always put out
a spltmdid team, will take up rugby
for the tirst time. The Sodality Club Is
an athletic club very similar to the
Barbarians in organization. It is com
posed largely of graduates from Santa
Clara University, most of whom have
played rugby before.
The men have been out in suits for
the past week practicing with the
Santa Clara squad and are in good
condition. Acqistapace, who starred
for Santa Clara in football, will man
age the team and is already arranging
the schedule of games to be played
Kiely, Stuart. Condron, Acquistapace,
McCann, and Cillman are amone the
well known athletes who will be out
for positions on the new team.
Within a week or two, the town of
Santa Clara will have another strong
rugby team in the field. The Sodality
Club, well known on the coast as base
hall stars, and who in the days of
American football here always put out
a spltmdid team, will take up rugby
for the tirst time. The Sodality Club Is
an athletic club very similar to the
Barbarians in organization. It is com
posed largely of graduates from Santa
Clara University, most of whom have
played rugby before.
The men have been out in suits for
the past week practicing with the
Santa Clara squad and are in good
condition. Acqistapace, who starred
for Santa Clara in football, will man
age the team and is already arranging
the schedule of games to be played
Kiely, Stuart. Condron, Acquistapace,
McCann, and Cillman are amone the
well known athletes who will be out
for positions on the new team.
Within a week or two, the town of
Santa Clara will have another strong
rugby team in the field. The Sodality
Club, well known on the coast as base
hall stars, and who in the days of
American football here always put out
a spltmdid team, will take up rugby
for the tirst time. The Sodality Club Is
an athletic club very similar to the
Barbarians in organization. It is com
posed largely of graduates from Santa
Clara University, most of whom have
played rugby before.
The men have been out in suits for
the past week practicing with the
Santa Clara squad and are in good
condition. Acqistapace, who starred
for Santa Clara in football, will man
age the team and is already arranging
the schedule of games to be played
Kiely, Stuart. Condron, Acquistapace,
McCann, and Cillman are amone the
well known athletes who will be out
for positions on the new team.
Within a week or two, the town of
Santa Clara will have another strong
rugby team in the field. The Sodality
Club, well known on the coast as base
hall stars, and who in the days of
American football here always put out
a spltmdid team, will take up rugby
for the tirst time. The Sodality Club Is
an athletic club very similar to the
Barbarians in organization. It is com
posed largely of graduates from Santa
Clara University, most of whom have
played rugby before.
The men have been out in suits for
the past week practicing with the
Santa Clara squad and are in good
condition. Acqistapace, who starred
for Santa Clara in football, will man
age the team and is already arranging
the schedule of games to be played
Kiely, Stuart. Condron, Acquistapace,
McCann, and Cillman are amone the
well known athletes who will be out
for positions on the new team.
Within a week or two, the town of
Santa Clara will have another strong
rugby team in the field. The Sodality
Club, well known on the coast as base
hall stars, and who in the days of
American football here always put out
a spltmdid team, will take up rugby
for the tirst time. The Sodality Club Is
an athletic club very similar to the
Barbarians in organization. It is com
posed largely of graduates from Santa
Clara University, most of whom have
played rugby before.
The men have been out in suits for
the past week practicing with the
Santa Clara squad and are in good
condition. Acqistapace, who starred
for Santa Clara in football, will man
age the team and is already arranging
the schedule of games to be played
Kiely, Stuart. Condron, Acquistapace,
McCann, and Cillman are amone the
well known athletes who will be out
for positions on the new team.
Within a week or two, the town of
Santa Clara will have another strong
rugby team in the field. The Sodality
Club, well known on the coast as base
hall stars, and who in the days of
American football here always put out
a spltmdid team, will take up rugby
for the tirst time. The Sodality Club Is
an athletic club very similar to the
Barbarians in organization. It is com
posed largely of graduates from Santa
Clara University, most of whom have
played rugby before.
The men have been out in suits for
the past week practicing with the
Santa Clara squad and are in good
condition. Acqistapace, who starred
for Santa Clara in football, will man
age the team and is already arranging
the schedule of games to be played
Kiely, Stuart. Condron, Acquistapace,
McCann, and Cillman are amone the
well known athletes who will be out
for positions on the new team.
Within a week or two, the town of
Santa Clara will have another strong
rugby team in the field. The Sodality
Club, well known on the coast as base
hall stars, and who in the days of
American football here always put out
a spltmdid team, will take up rugby
for the tirst time. The Sodality Club Is
an athletic club very similar to the
Barbarians in organization. It is com
posed largely of graduates from Santa
Clara University, most of whom have
played rugby before.
The men have been out in suits for
the past week practicing with the
Santa Clara squad and are in good
condition. Acqistapace, who starred
for Santa Clara in football, will man
age the team and is already arranging
the schedule of games to be played
Kiely, Stuart. Condron, Acquistapace,
McCann, and Cillman are amone the
well known athletes who will be out
for positions on the new team.
