# Untitled Article
## 
### 
J. D. Rutledge, '10, and F. O. Olm
sted, '15, were week-end visitors on
the campus.
J. D. Rutledge, '10, and F. O. Olm
sted, '15, were week-end visitors on
the campus.
J. D. Rutledge, '10, and F. O. Olm
sted, '15, were week-end visitors on
the campus.
J. D. Rutledge, '10, and F. O. Olm
sted, '15, were week-end visitors on
the campus.
J. D. Rutledge, '10, and F. O. Olm
sted, '15, were week-end visitors on
the campus.
J. D. Rutledge, '10, and F. O. Olm
sted, '15, were week-end visitors on
the campus.
J. D. Rutledge, '10, and F. O. Olm
sted, '15, were week-end visitors on
the campus.
J. D. Rutledge, '10, and F. O. Olm
sted, '15, were week-end visitors on
the campus.
J. D. Rutledge, '10, and F. O. Olm
sted, '15, were week-end visitors on
the campus.
J. D. Rutledge, '10, and F. O. Olm
sted, '15, were week-end visitors on
the campus.
J. D. Rutledge, '10, and F. O. Olm
sted, '15, were week-end visitors on
the campus.
J. D. Rutledge, '10, and F. O. Olm
sted, '15, were week-end visitors on
the campus.
J. D. Rutledge, '10, and F. O. Olm
sted, '15, were week-end visitors on
the campus.
