# Adv. 3 Page 1
## 
### 
Majors Due
Sophomores must declare
their majors before Wednes
day or they will not be al
lowed to prc-rcg for Autumn
Quarter.
Majors Due
Sophomores must declare
their majors before Wednes
day or they will not be al
lowed to prc-rcg for Autumn
Quarter.
Majors Due
Sophomores must declare
their majors before Wednes
day or they will not be al
lowed to prc-rcg for Autumn
Quarter.
Majors Due
Sophomores must declare
their majors before Wednes
day or they will not be al
lowed to prc-rcg for Autumn
Quarter.
Majors Due
Sophomores must declare
their majors before Wednes
day or they will not be al
lowed to prc-rcg for Autumn
Quarter.
Majors Due
Sophomores must declare
their majors before Wednes
day or they will not be al
lowed to prc-rcg for Autumn
Quarter.
Majors Due
Sophomores must declare
their majors before Wednes
day or they will not be al
lowed to prc-rcg for Autumn
Quarter.
Majors Due
Sophomores must declare
their majors before Wednes
day or they will not be al
lowed to prc-rcg for Autumn
Quarter.
Majors Due
Sophomores must declare
their majors before Wednes
day or they will not be al
lowed to prc-rcg for Autumn
Quarter.
Majors Due
Sophomores must declare
their majors before Wednes
day or they will not be al
lowed to prc-rcg for Autumn
Quarter.
Majors Due
Sophomores must declare
their majors before Wednes
day or they will not be al
lowed to prc-rcg for Autumn
Quarter.
Majors Due
Sophomores must declare
their majors before Wednes
day or they will not be al
lowed to prc-rcg for Autumn
Quarter.
Majors Due
Sophomores must declare
their majors before Wednes
day or they will not be al
lowed to prc-rcg for Autumn
Quarter.
Majors Due
Sophomores must declare
their majors before Wednes
day or they will not be al
lowed to prc-rcg for Autumn
Quarter.
Majors Due
Sophomores must declare
their majors before Wednes
day or they will not be al
lowed to prc-rcg for Autumn
Quarter.
Majors Due
Sophomores must declare
their majors before Wednes
day or they will not be al
lowed to prc-rcg for Autumn
Quarter.
Majors Due
Sophomores must declare
their majors before Wednes
day or they will not be al
lowed to prc-rcg for Autumn
Quarter.
