# Lagunita To Hold Open House Friday
## 
### 
Lagunita will hold its open house
for all campus women this Friday
from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m., according to
Sue Chute, general chairman.
Entertainment will consist of an
all-girl orchestra from Lagunita
playing from the terrace. This will
be followed by community singing,
skits, dancing, and more singing.
The group will play bridge in
Adelfa, games in Naranja, and rec
ords in Eucalypto. Songs will be
sung in Magnolia.
Volleyball will be played in the
grounds across the street from La
gunita and round-robin ping-pong in
the court.
Refreshments will be served
throughout the evening. Lagunita
will carry out the ranch theme of the
open house in decorations, the re
freshment tables, and orchestra cos
tumes.
The chairmen of the open house
besides Miss Chute are Barbara Sea
ver, entertainment; Roberta Mace,
refreshments; Joan Fullenwider, in
vitations; Gloria Brooks, postwar
publicity.
Nominations for Lagunita Court
offices will be Thursday, June 1, ac
cording to Muriel Tarr, chairman of
election board. The president, first
vice-president, second vice-presi
dent, and chairman of Committee of
Seven will be nominated at this
time. Declination will be Friday.
Lagunita will hold its open house
for all campus women this Friday
from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m., according to
Sue Chute, general chairman.
Entertainment will consist of an
all-girl orchestra from Lagunita
playing from the terrace. This will
be followed by community singing,
skits, dancing, and more singing.
The group will play bridge in
Adelfa, games in Naranja, and rec
ords in Eucalypto. Songs will be
sung in Magnolia.
Volleyball will be played in the
grounds across the street from La
gunita and round-robin ping-pong in
the court.
Refreshments will be served
throughout the evening. Lagunita
will carry out the ranch theme of the
open house in decorations, the re
freshment tables, and orchestra cos
tumes.
The chairmen of the open house
besides Miss Chute are Barbara Sea
ver, entertainment; Roberta Mace,
refreshments; Joan Fullenwider, in
vitations; Gloria Brooks, postwar
publicity.
Nominations for Lagunita Court
offices will be Thursday, June 1, ac
cording to Muriel Tarr, chairman of
election board. The president, first
vice-president, second vice-presi
dent, and chairman of Committee of
Seven will be nominated at this
time. Declination will be Friday.
Lagunita will hold its open house
for all campus women this Friday
from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m., according to
Sue Chute, general chairman.
Entertainment will consist of an
all-girl orchestra from Lagunita
playing from the terrace. This will
be followed by community singing,
skits, dancing, and more singing.
The group will play bridge in
Adelfa, games in Naranja, and rec
ords in Eucalypto. Songs will be
sung in Magnolia.
Volleyball will be played in the
grounds across the street from La
gunita and round-robin ping-pong in
the court.
Refreshments will be served
throughout the evening. Lagunita
will carry out the ranch theme of the
open house in decorations, the re
freshment tables, and orchestra cos
tumes.
The chairmen of the open house
besides Miss Chute are Barbara Sea
ver, entertainment; Roberta Mace,
refreshments; Joan Fullenwider, in
vitations; Gloria Brooks, postwar
publicity.
Nominations for Lagunita Court
offices will be Thursday, June 1, ac
cording to Muriel Tarr, chairman of
election board. The president, first
vice-president, second vice-presi
dent, and chairman of Committee of
Seven will be nominated at this
time. Declination will be Friday.
Lagunita will hold its open house
for all campus women this Friday
from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m., according to
Sue Chute, general chairman.
Entertainment will consist of an
all-girl orchestra from Lagunita
playing from the terrace. This will
be followed by community singing,
skits, dancing, and more singing.
The group will play bridge in
Adelfa, games in Naranja, and rec
ords in Eucalypto. Songs will be
sung in Magnolia.
Volleyball will be played in the
grounds across the street from La
gunita and round-robin ping-pong in
the court.
Refreshments will be served
throughout the evening. Lagunita
will carry out the ranch theme of the
open house in decorations, the re
freshment tables, and orchestra cos
tumes.
The chairmen of the open house
besides Miss Chute are Barbara Sea
ver, entertainment; Roberta Mace,
refreshments; Joan Fullenwider, in
vitations; Gloria Brooks, postwar
publicity.
Nominations for Lagunita Court
offices will be Thursday, June 1, ac
cording to Muriel Tarr, chairman of
election board. The president, first
vice-president, second vice-presi
dent, and chairman of Committee of
Seven will be nominated at this
time. Declination will be Friday.
Lagunita will hold its open house
for all campus women this Friday
from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m., according to
Sue Chute, general chairman.
Entertainment will consist of an
all-girl orchestra from Lagunita
playing from the terrace. This will
be followed by community singing,
skits, dancing, and more singing.
The group will play bridge in
Adelfa, games in Naranja, and rec
ords in Eucalypto. Songs will be
sung in Magnolia.
Volleyball will be played in the
grounds across the street from La
gunita and round-robin ping-pong in
the court.
Refreshments will be served
throughout the evening. Lagunita
will carry out the ranch theme of the
open house in decorations, the re
freshment tables, and orchestra cos
tumes.
The chairmen of the open house
besides Miss Chute are Barbara Sea
ver, entertainment; Roberta Mace,
refreshments; Joan Fullenwider, in
vitations; Gloria Brooks, postwar
publicity.
Nominations for Lagunita Court
offices will be Thursday, June 1, ac
cording to Muriel Tarr, chairman of
election board. The president, first
vice-president, second vice-presi
dent, and chairman of Committee of
Seven will be nominated at this
time. Declination will be Friday.
Lagunita will hold its open house
for all campus women this Friday
from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m., according to
Sue Chute, general chairman.
Entertainment will consist of an
all-girl orchestra from Lagunita
playing from the terrace. This will
be followed by community singing,
skits, dancing, and more singing.
The group will play bridge in
Adelfa, games in Naranja, and rec
ords in Eucalypto. Songs will be
sung in Magnolia.
Volleyball will be played in the
grounds across the street from La
gunita and round-robin ping-pong in
the court.
Refreshments will be served
throughout the evening. Lagunita
will carry out the ranch theme of the
open house in decorations, the re
freshment tables, and orchestra cos
tumes.
The chairmen of the open house
besides Miss Chute are Barbara Sea
ver, entertainment; Roberta Mace,
refreshments; Joan Fullenwider, in
vitations; Gloria Brooks, postwar
publicity.
Nominations for Lagunita Court
offices will be Thursday, June 1, ac
cording to Muriel Tarr, chairman of
election board. The president, first
vice-president, second vice-presi
dent, and chairman of Committee of
Seven will be nominated at this
time. Declination will be Friday.
Lagunita will hold its open house
for all campus women this Friday
from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m., according to
Sue Chute, general chairman.
Entertainment will consist of an
all-girl orchestra from Lagunita
playing from the terrace. This will
be followed by community singing,
skits, dancing, and more singing.
The group will play bridge in
Adelfa, games in Naranja, and rec
ords in Eucalypto. Songs will be
sung in Magnolia.
Volleyball will be played in the
grounds across the street from La
gunita and round-robin ping-pong in
the court.
Refreshments will be served
throughout the evening. Lagunita
will carry out the ranch theme of the
open house in decorations, the re
freshment tables, and orchestra cos
tumes.
The chairmen of the open house
besides Miss Chute are Barbara Sea
ver, entertainment; Roberta Mace,
refreshments; Joan Fullenwider, in
vitations; Gloria Brooks, postwar
publicity.
Nominations for Lagunita Court
offices will be Thursday, June 1, ac
cording to Muriel Tarr, chairman of
election board. The president, first
vice-president, second vice-presi
dent, and chairman of Committee of
Seven will be nominated at this
time. Declination will be Friday.
Lagunita will hold its open house
for all campus women this Friday
from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m., according to
Sue Chute, general chairman.
Entertainment will consist of an
all-girl orchestra from Lagunita
playing from the terrace. This will
be followed by community singing,
skits, dancing, and more singing.
The group will play bridge in
Adelfa, games in Naranja, and rec
ords in Eucalypto. Songs will be
sung in Magnolia.
Volleyball will be played in the
grounds across the street from La
gunita and round-robin ping-pong in
the court.
Refreshments will be served
throughout the evening. Lagunita
will carry out the ranch theme of the
open house in decorations, the re
freshment tables, and orchestra cos
tumes.
The chairmen of the open house
besides Miss Chute are Barbara Sea
ver, entertainment; Roberta Mace,
refreshments; Joan Fullenwider, in
vitations; Gloria Brooks, postwar
publicity.
Nominations for Lagunita Court
offices will be Thursday, June 1, ac
cording to Muriel Tarr, chairman of
election board. The president, first
vice-president, second vice-presi
dent, and chairman of Committee of
Seven will be nominated at this
time. Declination will be Friday.
Lagunita will hold its open house
for all campus women this Friday
from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m., according to
Sue Chute, general chairman.
Entertainment will consist of an
all-girl orchestra from Lagunita
playing from the terrace. This will
be followed by community singing,
skits, dancing, and more singing.
The group will play bridge in
Adelfa, games in Naranja, and rec
ords in Eucalypto. Songs will be
sung in Magnolia.
Volleyball will be played in the
grounds across the street from La
gunita and round-robin ping-pong in
the court.
Refreshments will be served
throughout the evening. Lagunita
will carry out the ranch theme of the
open house in decorations, the re
freshment tables, and orchestra cos
tumes.
The chairmen of the open house
besides Miss Chute are Barbara Sea
ver, entertainment; Roberta Mace,
refreshments; Joan Fullenwider, in
vitations; Gloria Brooks, postwar
publicity.
Nominations for Lagunita Court
offices will be Thursday, June 1, ac
cording to Muriel Tarr, chairman of
election board. The president, first
vice-president, second vice-presi
dent, and chairman of Committee of
Seven will be nominated at this
time. Declination will be Friday.
Lagunita will hold its open house
for all campus women this Friday
from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m., according to
Sue Chute, general chairman.
Entertainment will consist of an
all-girl orchestra from Lagunita
playing from the terrace. This will
be followed by community singing,
skits, dancing, and more singing.
The group will play bridge in
Adelfa, games in Naranja, and rec
ords in Eucalypto. Songs will be
sung in Magnolia.
Volleyball will be played in the
grounds across the street from La
gunita and round-robin ping-pong in
the court.
Refreshments will be served
throughout the evening. Lagunita
will carry out the ranch theme of the
open house in decorations, the re
freshment tables, and orchestra cos
tumes.
The chairmen of the open house
besides Miss Chute are Barbara Sea
ver, entertainment; Roberta Mace,
refreshments; Joan Fullenwider, in
vitations; Gloria Brooks, postwar
publicity.
Nominations for Lagunita Court
offices will be Thursday, June 1, ac
cording to Muriel Tarr, chairman of
election board. The president, first
vice-president, second vice-presi
dent, and chairman of Committee of
Seven will be nominated at this
time. Declination will be Friday.
Lagunita will hold its open house
for all campus women this Friday
from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m., according to
Sue Chute, general chairman.
Entertainment will consist of an
all-girl orchestra from Lagunita
playing from the terrace. This will
be followed by community singing,
skits, dancing, and more singing.
The group will play bridge in
Adelfa, games in Naranja, and rec
ords in Eucalypto. Songs will be
sung in Magnolia.
Volleyball will be played in the
grounds across the street from La
gunita and round-robin ping-pong in
the court.
Refreshments will be served
throughout the evening. Lagunita
will carry out the ranch theme of the
open house in decorations, the re
freshment tables, and orchestra cos
tumes.
The chairmen of the open house
besides Miss Chute are Barbara Sea
ver, entertainment; Roberta Mace,
refreshments; Joan Fullenwider, in
vitations; Gloria Brooks, postwar
publicity.
Nominations for Lagunita Court
offices will be Thursday, June 1, ac
cording to Muriel Tarr, chairman of
election board. The president, first
vice-president, second vice-presi
dent, and chairman of Committee of
Seven will be nominated at this
time. Declination will be Friday.
Lagunita will hold its open house
for all campus women this Friday
from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m., according to
Sue Chute, general chairman.
Entertainment will consist of an
all-girl orchestra from Lagunita
playing from the terrace. This will
be followed by community singing,
skits, dancing, and more singing.
The group will play bridge in
Adelfa, games in Naranja, and rec
ords in Eucalypto. Songs will be
sung in Magnolia.
Volleyball will be played in the
grounds across the street from La
gunita and round-robin ping-pong in
the court.
Refreshments will be served
throughout the evening. Lagunita
will carry out the ranch theme of the
open house in decorations, the re
freshment tables, and orchestra cos
tumes.
The chairmen of the open house
besides Miss Chute are Barbara Sea
ver, entertainment; Roberta Mace,
refreshments; Joan Fullenwider, in
vitations; Gloria Brooks, postwar
publicity.
Nominations for Lagunita Court
offices will be Thursday, June 1, ac
cording to Muriel Tarr, chairman of
election board. The president, first
vice-president, second vice-presi
dent, and chairman of Committee of
Seven will be nominated at this
time. Declination will be Friday.
Lagunita will hold its open house
for all campus women this Friday
from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m., according to
Sue Chute, general chairman.
Entertainment will consist of an
all-girl orchestra from Lagunita
playing from the terrace. This will
be followed by community singing,
skits, dancing, and more singing.
The group will play bridge in
Adelfa, games in Naranja, and rec
ords in Eucalypto. Songs will be
sung in Magnolia.
Volleyball will be played in the
grounds across the street from La
gunita and round-robin ping-pong in
the court.
Refreshments will be served
throughout the evening. Lagunita
will carry out the ranch theme of the
open house in decorations, the re
freshment tables, and orchestra cos
tumes.
The chairmen of the open house
besides Miss Chute are Barbara Sea
ver, entertainment; Roberta Mace,
refreshments; Joan Fullenwider, in
vitations; Gloria Brooks, postwar
publicity.
Nominations for Lagunita Court
offices will be Thursday, June 1, ac
cording to Muriel Tarr, chairman of
election board. The president, first
vice-president, second vice-presi
dent, and chairman of Committee of
Seven will be nominated at this
time. Declination will be Friday.
Lagunita will hold its open house
for all campus women this Friday
from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m., according to
Sue Chute, general chairman.
Entertainment will consist of an
all-girl orchestra from Lagunita
playing from the terrace. This will
be followed by community singing,
skits, dancing, and more singing.
The group will play bridge in
Adelfa, games in Naranja, and rec
ords in Eucalypto. Songs will be
sung in Magnolia.
Volleyball will be played in the
grounds across the street from La
gunita and round-robin ping-pong in
the court.
Refreshments will be served
throughout the evening. Lagunita
will carry out the ranch theme of the
open house in decorations, the re
freshment tables, and orchestra cos
tumes.
The chairmen of the open house
besides Miss Chute are Barbara Sea
ver, entertainment; Roberta Mace,
refreshments; Joan Fullenwider, in
vitations; Gloria Brooks, postwar
publicity.
Nominations for Lagunita Court
offices will be Thursday, June 1, ac
cording to Muriel Tarr, chairman of
election board. The president, first
vice-president, second vice-presi
dent, and chairman of Committee of
Seven will be nominated at this
time. Declination will be Friday.
Lagunita will hold its open house
for all campus women this Friday
from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m., according to
Sue Chute, general chairman.
Entertainment will consist of an
all-girl orchestra from Lagunita
playing from the terrace. This will
be followed by community singing,
skits, dancing, and more singing.
The group will play bridge in
Adelfa, games in Naranja, and rec
ords in Eucalypto. Songs will be
sung in Magnolia.
Volleyball will be played in the
grounds across the street from La
gunita and round-robin ping-pong in
the court.
Refreshments will be served
throughout the evening. Lagunita
will carry out the ranch theme of the
open house in decorations, the re
freshment tables, and orchestra cos
tumes.
The chairmen of the open house
besides Miss Chute are Barbara Sea
ver, entertainment; Roberta Mace,
refreshments; Joan Fullenwider, in
vitations; Gloria Brooks, postwar
publicity.
Nominations for Lagunita Court
offices will be Thursday, June 1, ac
cording to Muriel Tarr, chairman of
election board. The president, first
vice-president, second vice-presi
dent, and chairman of Committee of
Seven will be nominated at this
time. Declination will be Friday.
