# Foreign Club Talks On World Problem
## 
### 
Dr. and Mrs. Tresidder were guests
of the International Club Sunday
evening in Mrs. Thomas' home on
Lincoln.
The meeting was called to order by
Servet Duran, president, and after a
short business discussion the eve
ning was launched into one concern
ing political, economic, and social
problems.
Alexis Avis spoke on the intellU
gence of the Javanese; Bob Myrling
gave an interesting candid camera
shot of the Islands, and Enrique Sid
well defended Argentina's present
neutral attitude in the world situa
tion.
Dr. and Mrs. Tresidder were guests
of the International Club Sunday
evening in Mrs. Thomas' home on
Lincoln.
The meeting was called to order by
Servet Duran, president, and after a
short business discussion the eve
ning was launched into one concern
ing political, economic, and social
problems.
Alexis Avis spoke on the intellU
gence of the Javanese; Bob Myrling
gave an interesting candid camera
shot of the Islands, and Enrique Sid
well defended Argentina's present
neutral attitude in the world situa
tion.
Dr. and Mrs. Tresidder were guests
of the International Club Sunday
evening in Mrs. Thomas' home on
Lincoln.
The meeting was called to order by
Servet Duran, president, and after a
short business discussion the eve
ning was launched into one concern
ing political, economic, and social
problems.
Alexis Avis spoke on the intellU
gence of the Javanese; Bob Myrling
gave an interesting candid camera
shot of the Islands, and Enrique Sid
well defended Argentina's present
neutral attitude in the world situa
tion.
Dr. and Mrs. Tresidder were guests
of the International Club Sunday
evening in Mrs. Thomas' home on
Lincoln.
The meeting was called to order by
Servet Duran, president, and after a
short business discussion the eve
ning was launched into one concern
ing political, economic, and social
problems.
Alexis Avis spoke on the intellU
gence of the Javanese; Bob Myrling
gave an interesting candid camera
shot of the Islands, and Enrique Sid
well defended Argentina's present
neutral attitude in the world situa
tion.
Dr. and Mrs. Tresidder were guests
of the International Club Sunday
evening in Mrs. Thomas' home on
Lincoln.
The meeting was called to order by
Servet Duran, president, and after a
short business discussion the eve
ning was launched into one concern
ing political, economic, and social
problems.
Alexis Avis spoke on the intellU
gence of the Javanese; Bob Myrling
gave an interesting candid camera
shot of the Islands, and Enrique Sid
well defended Argentina's present
neutral attitude in the world situa
tion.
Dr. and Mrs. Tresidder were guests
of the International Club Sunday
evening in Mrs. Thomas' home on
Lincoln.
The meeting was called to order by
Servet Duran, president, and after a
short business discussion the eve
ning was launched into one concern
ing political, economic, and social
problems.
Alexis Avis spoke on the intellU
gence of the Javanese; Bob Myrling
gave an interesting candid camera
shot of the Islands, and Enrique Sid
well defended Argentina's present
neutral attitude in the world situa
tion.
Dr. and Mrs. Tresidder were guests
of the International Club Sunday
evening in Mrs. Thomas' home on
Lincoln.
The meeting was called to order by
Servet Duran, president, and after a
short business discussion the eve
ning was launched into one concern
ing political, economic, and social
problems.
Alexis Avis spoke on the intellU
gence of the Javanese; Bob Myrling
gave an interesting candid camera
shot of the Islands, and Enrique Sid
well defended Argentina's present
neutral attitude in the world situa
tion.
Dr. and Mrs. Tresidder were guests
of the International Club Sunday
evening in Mrs. Thomas' home on
Lincoln.
The meeting was called to order by
Servet Duran, president, and after a
short business discussion the eve
ning was launched into one concern
ing political, economic, and social
problems.
Alexis Avis spoke on the intellU
gence of the Javanese; Bob Myrling
gave an interesting candid camera
shot of the Islands, and Enrique Sid
well defended Argentina's present
neutral attitude in the world situa
tion.
Dr. and Mrs. Tresidder were guests
of the International Club Sunday
evening in Mrs. Thomas' home on
Lincoln.
The meeting was called to order by
Servet Duran, president, and after a
short business discussion the eve
ning was launched into one concern
ing political, economic, and social
problems.
Alexis Avis spoke on the intellU
gence of the Javanese; Bob Myrling
gave an interesting candid camera
shot of the Islands, and Enrique Sid
well defended Argentina's present
neutral attitude in the world situa
tion.
Dr. and Mrs. Tresidder were guests
of the International Club Sunday
evening in Mrs. Thomas' home on
Lincoln.
The meeting was called to order by
Servet Duran, president, and after a
short business discussion the eve
ning was launched into one concern
ing political, economic, and social
problems.
Alexis Avis spoke on the intellU
gence of the Javanese; Bob Myrling
gave an interesting candid camera
shot of the Islands, and Enrique Sid
well defended Argentina's present
neutral attitude in the world situa
tion.
Dr. and Mrs. Tresidder were guests
of the International Club Sunday
evening in Mrs. Thomas' home on
Lincoln.
The meeting was called to order by
Servet Duran, president, and after a
short business discussion the eve
ning was launched into one concern
ing political, economic, and social
problems.
Alexis Avis spoke on the intellU
gence of the Javanese; Bob Myrling
gave an interesting candid camera
shot of the Islands, and Enrique Sid
well defended Argentina's present
neutral attitude in the world situa
tion.
Dr. and Mrs. Tresidder were guests
of the International Club Sunday
evening in Mrs. Thomas' home on
Lincoln.
The meeting was called to order by
Servet Duran, president, and after a
short business discussion the eve
ning was launched into one concern
ing political, economic, and social
problems.
Alexis Avis spoke on the intellU
gence of the Javanese; Bob Myrling
gave an interesting candid camera
shot of the Islands, and Enrique Sid
well defended Argentina's present
neutral attitude in the world situa
tion.
Dr. and Mrs. Tresidder were guests
of the International Club Sunday
evening in Mrs. Thomas' home on
Lincoln.
The meeting was called to order by
Servet Duran, president, and after a
short business discussion the eve
ning was launched into one concern
ing political, economic, and social
problems.
Alexis Avis spoke on the intellU
gence of the Javanese; Bob Myrling
gave an interesting candid camera
shot of the Islands, and Enrique Sid
well defended Argentina's present
neutral attitude in the world situa
tion.
Dr. and Mrs. Tresidder were guests
of the International Club Sunday
evening in Mrs. Thomas' home on
Lincoln.
The meeting was called to order by
Servet Duran, president, and after a
short business discussion the eve
ning was launched into one concern
ing political, economic, and social
problems.
Alexis Avis spoke on the intellU
gence of the Javanese; Bob Myrling
gave an interesting candid camera
shot of the Islands, and Enrique Sid
well defended Argentina's present
neutral attitude in the world situa
tion.
Dr. and Mrs. Tresidder were guests
of the International Club Sunday
evening in Mrs. Thomas' home on
Lincoln.
The meeting was called to order by
Servet Duran, president, and after a
short business discussion the eve
ning was launched into one concern
ing political, economic, and social
problems.
Alexis Avis spoke on the intellU
gence of the Javanese; Bob Myrling
gave an interesting candid camera
shot of the Islands, and Enrique Sid
well defended Argentina's present
neutral attitude in the world situa
tion.
