# Faculty Equitation Class Commences on Monday
## 
### 
An equitation class for members of
the faculty and the University staff
will be held on Mondays and Wednes
days at 9:30 o'clock in the morning,
commencing on Monday, January 11.
Those desiring to enroll in this class
may do so by calling the secretary of
the Military department, P.A. 900, lo
cal 45, and leaving their names. The
class will start from the Military de
partment stables.
An equitation class for members of
the faculty and the University staff
will be held on Mondays and Wednes
days at 9:30 o'clock in the morning,
commencing on Monday, January 11.
Those desiring to enroll in this class
may do so by calling the secretary of
the Military department, P.A. 900, lo
cal 45, and leaving their names. The
class will start from the Military de
partment stables.
An equitation class for members of
the faculty and the University staff
will be held on Mondays and Wednes
days at 9:30 o'clock in the morning,
commencing on Monday, January 11.
Those desiring to enroll in this class
may do so by calling the secretary of
the Military department, P.A. 900, lo
cal 45, and leaving their names. The
class will start from the Military de
partment stables.
An equitation class for members of
the faculty and the University staff
will be held on Mondays and Wednes
days at 9:30 o'clock in the morning,
commencing on Monday, January 11.
Those desiring to enroll in this class
may do so by calling the secretary of
the Military department, P.A. 900, lo
cal 45, and leaving their names. The
class will start from the Military de
partment stables.
An equitation class for members of
the faculty and the University staff
will be held on Mondays and Wednes
days at 9:30 o'clock in the morning,
commencing on Monday, January 11.
Those desiring to enroll in this class
may do so by calling the secretary of
the Military department, P.A. 900, lo
cal 45, and leaving their names. The
class will start from the Military de
partment stables.
An equitation class for members of
the faculty and the University staff
will be held on Mondays and Wednes
days at 9:30 o'clock in the morning,
commencing on Monday, January 11.
Those desiring to enroll in this class
may do so by calling the secretary of
the Military department, P.A. 900, lo
cal 45, and leaving their names. The
class will start from the Military de
partment stables.
An equitation class for members of
the faculty and the University staff
will be held on Mondays and Wednes
days at 9:30 o'clock in the morning,
commencing on Monday, January 11.
Those desiring to enroll in this class
may do so by calling the secretary of
the Military department, P.A. 900, lo
cal 45, and leaving their names. The
class will start from the Military de
partment stables.
An equitation class for members of
the faculty and the University staff
will be held on Mondays and Wednes
days at 9:30 o'clock in the morning,
commencing on Monday, January 11.
Those desiring to enroll in this class
may do so by calling the secretary of
the Military department, P.A. 900, lo
cal 45, and leaving their names. The
class will start from the Military de
partment stables.
An equitation class for members of
the faculty and the University staff
will be held on Mondays and Wednes
days at 9:30 o'clock in the morning,
commencing on Monday, January 11.
Those desiring to enroll in this class
may do so by calling the secretary of
the Military department, P.A. 900, lo
cal 45, and leaving their names. The
class will start from the Military de
partment stables.
An equitation class for members of
the faculty and the University staff
will be held on Mondays and Wednes
days at 9:30 o'clock in the morning,
commencing on Monday, January 11.
Those desiring to enroll in this class
may do so by calling the secretary of
the Military department, P.A. 900, lo
cal 45, and leaving their names. The
class will start from the Military de
partment stables.
An equitation class for members of
the faculty and the University staff
will be held on Mondays and Wednes
days at 9:30 o'clock in the morning,
commencing on Monday, January 11.
Those desiring to enroll in this class
may do so by calling the secretary of
the Military department, P.A. 900, lo
cal 45, and leaving their names. The
class will start from the Military de
partment stables.
An equitation class for members of
the faculty and the University staff
will be held on Mondays and Wednes
days at 9:30 o'clock in the morning,
commencing on Monday, January 11.
Those desiring to enroll in this class
may do so by calling the secretary of
the Military department, P.A. 900, lo
cal 45, and leaving their names. The
class will start from the Military de
partment stables.
An equitation class for members of
the faculty and the University staff
will be held on Mondays and Wednes
days at 9:30 o'clock in the morning,
commencing on Monday, January 11.
Those desiring to enroll in this class
may do so by calling the secretary of
the Military department, P.A. 900, lo
cal 45, and leaving their names. The
class will start from the Military de
partment stables.
An equitation class for members of
the faculty and the University staff
will be held on Mondays and Wednes
days at 9:30 o'clock in the morning,
commencing on Monday, January 11.
Those desiring to enroll in this class
may do so by calling the secretary of
the Military department, P.A. 900, lo
cal 45, and leaving their names. The
class will start from the Military de
partment stables.
