# NEW LIBRARY BOOKS
## 
### 
Several bound volumes of the Geo
logical Survey of China for the past
few years have been recently added to
the Branner Geological library. They
are a part of a Chinese publications
collection purchased by the library in
1925.
Several bound volumes of the Geo
logical Survey of China for the past
few years have been recently added to
the Branner Geological library. They
are a part of a Chinese publications
collection purchased by the library in
1925.
Several bound volumes of the Geo
logical Survey of China for the past
few years have been recently added to
the Branner Geological library. They
are a part of a Chinese publications
collection purchased by the library in
1925.
Several bound volumes of the Geo
logical Survey of China for the past
few years have been recently added to
the Branner Geological library. They
are a part of a Chinese publications
collection purchased by the library in
1925.
Several bound volumes of the Geo
logical Survey of China for the past
few years have been recently added to
the Branner Geological library. They
are a part of a Chinese publications
collection purchased by the library in
1925.
Several bound volumes of the Geo
logical Survey of China for the past
few years have been recently added to
the Branner Geological library. They
are a part of a Chinese publications
collection purchased by the library in
1925.
Several bound volumes of the Geo
logical Survey of China for the past
few years have been recently added to
the Branner Geological library. They
are a part of a Chinese publications
collection purchased by the library in
1925.
Several bound volumes of the Geo
logical Survey of China for the past
few years have been recently added to
the Branner Geological library. They
are a part of a Chinese publications
collection purchased by the library in
1925.
Several bound volumes of the Geo
logical Survey of China for the past
few years have been recently added to
the Branner Geological library. They
are a part of a Chinese publications
collection purchased by the library in
1925.
Several bound volumes of the Geo
logical Survey of China for the past
few years have been recently added to
the Branner Geological library. They
are a part of a Chinese publications
collection purchased by the library in
1925.
Several bound volumes of the Geo
logical Survey of China for the past
few years have been recently added to
the Branner Geological library. They
are a part of a Chinese publications
collection purchased by the library in
1925.
Several bound volumes of the Geo
logical Survey of China for the past
few years have been recently added to
the Branner Geological library. They
are a part of a Chinese publications
collection purchased by the library in
1925.
Several bound volumes of the Geo
logical Survey of China for the past
few years have been recently added to
the Branner Geological library. They
are a part of a Chinese publications
collection purchased by the library in
1925.
Several bound volumes of the Geo
logical Survey of China for the past
few years have been recently added to
the Branner Geological library. They
are a part of a Chinese publications
collection purchased by the library in
1925.
