# Student survey will measure ecstasy use
## 
### Malinda McCollum Staff writer 
Although Cowell Student
Health Center officials criti
cized the methodology in a
study last year on student
ecstasy use, two undergradu
ates are again using similar
methods to survey the extent
of campus ecstasy use.
Senior John Crandon and
junior Kara Takeuchi are con
ducting the survey on student
use of the amphetamine-like
drug as a project for an intro
ductory class in psychophar
macology.
Last week they distributed
two-page surveys in libraries,
student residences, classes and
other locations on campus. The
survey included questions on
frequency of use, symptoms ex
perienced and cost of a dose.

The methods used in the cur
rent study are similar to those
used in a 1987 survey on
ecstasy use supervised by
Neurology Prof. Stephen
Peroutka.
Peroutka's poll was called
"unscientific" by Cowell Direc
tor Paul Walters when the
results were released last De
cember. Walters said the pool
of participants was not repre
sentative of the Stanford com
munity.
According to last year's sur
vey, 39 percent of Stanford un
dergraduates had tried ecstasy
at least once.
The 1987 study's results dif
fered dramatically from a 1986
drug use survey conducted by
Cowell Health Center, which
showed that 8 percent of un
dergraduates had tried ecstasy
at least once.
