# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
TO US SO LITTLE
TO THEM SO MUCH
"SERVICE IS MY
BUSINESS"
Free Oil Change
if we fail to use our new
vacuum cleaner on the in
terior of your car in con
nection with a Wash or
Lube Job.
FREE Pick-Up
Peters'
STADIUM SHELL
Embarcadero at El Camino
TO US SO LITTLE
TO THEM SO MUCH
"SERVICE IS MY
BUSINESS"
Free Oil Change
if we fail to use our new
vacuum cleaner on the in
terior of your car in con
nection with a Wash or
Lube Job.
FREE Pick-Up
Peters'
STADIUM SHELL
Embarcadero at El Camino
TO US SO LITTLE
TO THEM SO MUCH
"SERVICE IS MY
BUSINESS"
Free Oil Change
if we fail to use our new
vacuum cleaner on the in
terior of your car in con
nection with a Wash or
Lube Job.
FREE Pick-Up
Peters'
STADIUM SHELL
Embarcadero at El Camino
TO US SO LITTLE
TO THEM SO MUCH
"SERVICE IS MY
BUSINESS"
Free Oil Change
if we fail to use our new
vacuum cleaner on the in
terior of your car in con
nection with a Wash or
Lube Job.
FREE Pick-Up
Peters'
STADIUM SHELL
Embarcadero at El Camino
TO US SO LITTLE
TO THEM SO MUCH
"SERVICE IS MY
BUSINESS"
Free Oil Change
if we fail to use our new
vacuum cleaner on the in
terior of your car in con
nection with a Wash or
Lube Job.
FREE Pick-Up
Peters'
STADIUM SHELL
Embarcadero at El Camino
TO US SO LITTLE
TO THEM SO MUCH
"SERVICE IS MY
BUSINESS"
Free Oil Change
if we fail to use our new
vacuum cleaner on the in
terior of your car in con
nection with a Wash or
Lube Job.
FREE Pick-Up
Peters'
STADIUM SHELL
Embarcadero at El Camino
TO US SO LITTLE
TO THEM SO MUCH
"SERVICE IS MY
BUSINESS"
Free Oil Change
if we fail to use our new
vacuum cleaner on the in
terior of your car in con
nection with a Wash or
Lube Job.
FREE Pick-Up
Peters'
STADIUM SHELL
Embarcadero at El Camino
TO US SO LITTLE
TO THEM SO MUCH
"SERVICE IS MY
BUSINESS"
Free Oil Change
if we fail to use our new
vacuum cleaner on the in
terior of your car in con
nection with a Wash or
Lube Job.
FREE Pick-Up
Peters'
STADIUM SHELL
Embarcadero at El Camino
TO US SO LITTLE
TO THEM SO MUCH
"SERVICE IS MY
BUSINESS"
Free Oil Change
if we fail to use our new
vacuum cleaner on the in
terior of your car in con
nection with a Wash or
Lube Job.
FREE Pick-Up
Peters'
STADIUM SHELL
Embarcadero at El Camino
TO US SO LITTLE
TO THEM SO MUCH
"SERVICE IS MY
BUSINESS"
Free Oil Change
if we fail to use our new
vacuum cleaner on the in
terior of your car in con
nection with a Wash or
Lube Job.
FREE Pick-Up
Peters'
STADIUM SHELL
Embarcadero at El Camino
TO US SO LITTLE
TO THEM SO MUCH
"SERVICE IS MY
BUSINESS"
Free Oil Change
if we fail to use our new
vacuum cleaner on the in
terior of your car in con
nection with a Wash or
Lube Job.
FREE Pick-Up
Peters'
STADIUM SHELL
Embarcadero at El Camino
TO US SO LITTLE
TO THEM SO MUCH
"SERVICE IS MY
BUSINESS"
Free Oil Change
if we fail to use our new
vacuum cleaner on the in
terior of your car in con
nection with a Wash or
Lube Job.
FREE Pick-Up
Peters'
STADIUM SHELL
Embarcadero at El Camino
TO US SO LITTLE
TO THEM SO MUCH
"SERVICE IS MY
BUSINESS"
Free Oil Change
if we fail to use our new
vacuum cleaner on the in
terior of your car in con
nection with a Wash or
Lube Job.
FREE Pick-Up
Peters'
STADIUM SHELL
Embarcadero at El Camino
TO US SO LITTLE
TO THEM SO MUCH
"SERVICE IS MY
BUSINESS"
Free Oil Change
if we fail to use our new
vacuum cleaner on the in
terior of your car in con
nection with a Wash or
Lube Job.
FREE Pick-Up
Peters'
STADIUM SHELL
Embarcadero at El Camino
TO US SO LITTLE
TO THEM SO MUCH
"SERVICE IS MY
BUSINESS"
Free Oil Change
if we fail to use our new
vacuum cleaner on the in
terior of your car in con
nection with a Wash or
Lube Job.
FREE Pick-Up
Peters'
STADIUM SHELL
Embarcadero at El Camino
TO US SO LITTLE
TO THEM SO MUCH
"SERVICE IS MY
BUSINESS"
Free Oil Change
if we fail to use our new
vacuum cleaner on the in
terior of your car in con
nection with a Wash or
Lube Job.
FREE Pick-Up
Peters'
STADIUM SHELL
Embarcadero at El Camino
