# Camera Club Exhibit Opens In Art Gallery
## 
### 
The photography exhibit, spon
sored by the Camera Club, begins
today in the Art Gallery at 10 a.m.
The exhibit will be open for one
week. Included in the showing are
pictures by students and by nation
ally known professional photogra
phers, many historical photographs,
and the equipment used in a typical
darkroom.
Prizes of $7.50 and $5. as well as
five blue ribbons, will be awarded
the outstanding photographs of the
exhibit by the judges: Mrs. Robert
Cross, director of the Art Gallery;
Professor Edward armer, of the art
department; and James McClure,
director of photography for the
University. There will also be a
prize for the most popular photo
graph.
A prime feature of the exhibit is
some old photographs of animals in
motion taken by Eadweard Muy
bridge, who once worked for Sena
tor Stanford. Stanford, wishing to
discover if trotting horses ever had
all their feet off the ground at one
time, hired Muybridge to set up a
series of electrically controlled
cameras, which would take pictures
of a trotting horse every fraction of
a second.
The result (which confirmed
Stanford's contention that horses
often had all four feet off the
ground) was the beginning of a ca
reer for Muybridge. He started to
make similar photographs of all
kinds of animals in action. Then he
devised a method of showing each
print, in order, for an instant. This
created the illusion of a "moving
picture."
Two nationally known profes
sional photographers, Cedric Wright
and Ansel Adams, have, as guests,
entered some of their work in the
exhibit.
The photography exhibit, spon
sored by the Camera Club, begins
today in the Art Gallery at 10 a.m.
The exhibit will be open for one
week. Included in the showing are
pictures by students and by nation
ally known professional photogra
phers, many historical photographs,
and the equipment used in a typical
darkroom.
Prizes of $7.50 and $5. as well as
five blue ribbons, will be awarded
the outstanding photographs of the
exhibit by the judges: Mrs. Robert
Cross, director of the Art Gallery;
Professor Edward armer, of the art
department; and James McClure,
director of photography for the
University. There will also be a
prize for the most popular photo
graph.
A prime feature of the exhibit is
some old photographs of animals in
motion taken by Eadweard Muy
bridge, who once worked for Sena
tor Stanford. Stanford, wishing to
discover if trotting horses ever had
all their feet off the ground at one
time, hired Muybridge to set up a
series of electrically controlled
cameras, which would take pictures
of a trotting horse every fraction of
a second.
The result (which confirmed
Stanford's contention that horses
often had all four feet off the
ground) was the beginning of a ca
reer for Muybridge. He started to
make similar photographs of all
kinds of animals in action. Then he
devised a method of showing each
print, in order, for an instant. This
created the illusion of a "moving
picture."
Two nationally known profes
sional photographers, Cedric Wright
and Ansel Adams, have, as guests,
entered some of their work in the
exhibit.
The photography exhibit, spon
sored by the Camera Club, begins
today in the Art Gallery at 10 a.m.
The exhibit will be open for one
week. Included in the showing are
pictures by students and by nation
ally known professional photogra
phers, many historical photographs,
and the equipment used in a typical
darkroom.
Prizes of $7.50 and $5. as well as
five blue ribbons, will be awarded
the outstanding photographs of the
exhibit by the judges: Mrs. Robert
Cross, director of the Art Gallery;
Professor Edward armer, of the art
department; and James McClure,
director of photography for the
University. There will also be a
prize for the most popular photo
graph.
A prime feature of the exhibit is
some old photographs of animals in
motion taken by Eadweard Muy
bridge, who once worked for Sena
tor Stanford. Stanford, wishing to
discover if trotting horses ever had
all their feet off the ground at one
time, hired Muybridge to set up a
series of electrically controlled
cameras, which would take pictures
of a trotting horse every fraction of
a second.
The result (which confirmed
Stanford's contention that horses
often had all four feet off the
ground) was the beginning of a ca
reer for Muybridge. He started to
make similar photographs of all
kinds of animals in action. Then he
devised a method of showing each
print, in order, for an instant. This
created the illusion of a "moving
picture."
Two nationally known profes
sional photographers, Cedric Wright
and Ansel Adams, have, as guests,
entered some of their work in the
exhibit.
The photography exhibit, spon
sored by the Camera Club, begins
today in the Art Gallery at 10 a.m.
The exhibit will be open for one
week. Included in the showing are
pictures by students and by nation
ally known professional photogra
phers, many historical photographs,
and the equipment used in a typical
darkroom.
Prizes of $7.50 and $5. as well as
five blue ribbons, will be awarded
the outstanding photographs of the
exhibit by the judges: Mrs. Robert
Cross, director of the Art Gallery;
Professor Edward armer, of the art
department; and James McClure,
director of photography for the
University. There will also be a
prize for the most popular photo
graph.
A prime feature of the exhibit is
some old photographs of animals in
motion taken by Eadweard Muy
bridge, who once worked for Sena
tor Stanford. Stanford, wishing to
discover if trotting horses ever had
all their feet off the ground at one
time, hired Muybridge to set up a
series of electrically controlled
cameras, which would take pictures
of a trotting horse every fraction of
a second.
The result (which confirmed
Stanford's contention that horses
often had all four feet off the
ground) was the beginning of a ca
reer for Muybridge. He started to
make similar photographs of all
kinds of animals in action. Then he
devised a method of showing each
print, in order, for an instant. This
created the illusion of a "moving
picture."
Two nationally known profes
sional photographers, Cedric Wright
and Ansel Adams, have, as guests,
entered some of their work in the
exhibit.
The photography exhibit, spon
sored by the Camera Club, begins
today in the Art Gallery at 10 a.m.
The exhibit will be open for one
week. Included in the showing are
pictures by students and by nation
ally known professional photogra
phers, many historical photographs,
and the equipment used in a typical
darkroom.
Prizes of $7.50 and $5. as well as
five blue ribbons, will be awarded
the outstanding photographs of the
exhibit by the judges: Mrs. Robert
Cross, director of the Art Gallery;
Professor Edward armer, of the art
department; and James McClure,
director of photography for the
University. There will also be a
prize for the most popular photo
graph.
A prime feature of the exhibit is
some old photographs of animals in
motion taken by Eadweard Muy
bridge, who once worked for Sena
tor Stanford. Stanford, wishing to
discover if trotting horses ever had
all their feet off the ground at one
time, hired Muybridge to set up a
series of electrically controlled
cameras, which would take pictures
of a trotting horse every fraction of
a second.
The result (which confirmed
Stanford's contention that horses
often had all four feet off the
ground) was the beginning of a ca
reer for Muybridge. He started to
make similar photographs of all
kinds of animals in action. Then he
devised a method of showing each
print, in order, for an instant. This
created the illusion of a "moving
picture."
Two nationally known profes
sional photographers, Cedric Wright
and Ansel Adams, have, as guests,
entered some of their work in the
exhibit.
The photography exhibit, spon
sored by the Camera Club, begins
today in the Art Gallery at 10 a.m.
The exhibit will be open for one
week. Included in the showing are
pictures by students and by nation
ally known professional photogra
phers, many historical photographs,
and the equipment used in a typical
darkroom.
Prizes of $7.50 and $5. as well as
five blue ribbons, will be awarded
the outstanding photographs of the
exhibit by the judges: Mrs. Robert
Cross, director of the Art Gallery;
Professor Edward armer, of the art
department; and James McClure,
director of photography for the
University. There will also be a
prize for the most popular photo
graph.
A prime feature of the exhibit is
some old photographs of animals in
motion taken by Eadweard Muy
bridge, who once worked for Sena
tor Stanford. Stanford, wishing to
discover if trotting horses ever had
all their feet off the ground at one
time, hired Muybridge to set up a
series of electrically controlled
cameras, which would take pictures
of a trotting horse every fraction of
a second.
The result (which confirmed
Stanford's contention that horses
often had all four feet off the
ground) was the beginning of a ca
reer for Muybridge. He started to
make similar photographs of all
kinds of animals in action. Then he
devised a method of showing each
print, in order, for an instant. This
created the illusion of a "moving
picture."
Two nationally known profes
sional photographers, Cedric Wright
and Ansel Adams, have, as guests,
entered some of their work in the
exhibit.
The photography exhibit, spon
sored by the Camera Club, begins
today in the Art Gallery at 10 a.m.
The exhibit will be open for one
week. Included in the showing are
pictures by students and by nation
ally known professional photogra
phers, many historical photographs,
and the equipment used in a typical
darkroom.
Prizes of $7.50 and $5. as well as
five blue ribbons, will be awarded
the outstanding photographs of the
exhibit by the judges: Mrs. Robert
Cross, director of the Art Gallery;
Professor Edward armer, of the art
department; and James McClure,
director of photography for the
University. There will also be a
prize for the most popular photo
graph.
A prime feature of the exhibit is
some old photographs of animals in
motion taken by Eadweard Muy
bridge, who once worked for Sena
tor Stanford. Stanford, wishing to
discover if trotting horses ever had
all their feet off the ground at one
time, hired Muybridge to set up a
series of electrically controlled
cameras, which would take pictures
of a trotting horse every fraction of
a second.
The result (which confirmed
Stanford's contention that horses
often had all four feet off the
ground) was the beginning of a ca
reer for Muybridge. He started to
make similar photographs of all
kinds of animals in action. Then he
devised a method of showing each
print, in order, for an instant. This
created the illusion of a "moving
picture."
Two nationally known profes
sional photographers, Cedric Wright
and Ansel Adams, have, as guests,
entered some of their work in the
exhibit.
The photography exhibit, spon
sored by the Camera Club, begins
today in the Art Gallery at 10 a.m.
The exhibit will be open for one
week. Included in the showing are
pictures by students and by nation
ally known professional photogra
phers, many historical photographs,
and the equipment used in a typical
darkroom.
Prizes of $7.50 and $5. as well as
five blue ribbons, will be awarded
the outstanding photographs of the
exhibit by the judges: Mrs. Robert
Cross, director of the Art Gallery;
Professor Edward armer, of the art
department; and James McClure,
director of photography for the
University. There will also be a
prize for the most popular photo
graph.
A prime feature of the exhibit is
some old photographs of animals in
motion taken by Eadweard Muy
bridge, who once worked for Sena
tor Stanford. Stanford, wishing to
discover if trotting horses ever had
all their feet off the ground at one
time, hired Muybridge to set up a
series of electrically controlled
cameras, which would take pictures
of a trotting horse every fraction of
a second.
The result (which confirmed
Stanford's contention that horses
often had all four feet off the
ground) was the beginning of a ca
reer for Muybridge. He started to
make similar photographs of all
kinds of animals in action. Then he
devised a method of showing each
print, in order, for an instant. This
created the illusion of a "moving
picture."
Two nationally known profes
sional photographers, Cedric Wright
and Ansel Adams, have, as guests,
entered some of their work in the
exhibit.
The photography exhibit, spon
sored by the Camera Club, begins
today in the Art Gallery at 10 a.m.
The exhibit will be open for one
week. Included in the showing are
pictures by students and by nation
ally known professional photogra
phers, many historical photographs,
and the equipment used in a typical
darkroom.
Prizes of $7.50 and $5. as well as
five blue ribbons, will be awarded
the outstanding photographs of the
exhibit by the judges: Mrs. Robert
Cross, director of the Art Gallery;
Professor Edward armer, of the art
department; and James McClure,
director of photography for the
University. There will also be a
prize for the most popular photo
graph.
A prime feature of the exhibit is
some old photographs of animals in
motion taken by Eadweard Muy
bridge, who once worked for Sena
tor Stanford. Stanford, wishing to
discover if trotting horses ever had
all their feet off the ground at one
time, hired Muybridge to set up a
series of electrically controlled
cameras, which would take pictures
of a trotting horse every fraction of
a second.
The result (which confirmed
Stanford's contention that horses
often had all four feet off the
ground) was the beginning of a ca
reer for Muybridge. He started to
make similar photographs of all
kinds of animals in action. Then he
devised a method of showing each
print, in order, for an instant. This
created the illusion of a "moving
picture."
Two nationally known profes
sional photographers, Cedric Wright
and Ansel Adams, have, as guests,
entered some of their work in the
exhibit.
The photography exhibit, spon
sored by the Camera Club, begins
today in the Art Gallery at 10 a.m.
The exhibit will be open for one
week. Included in the showing are
pictures by students and by nation
ally known professional photogra
phers, many historical photographs,
and the equipment used in a typical
darkroom.
Prizes of $7.50 and $5. as well as
five blue ribbons, will be awarded
the outstanding photographs of the
exhibit by the judges: Mrs. Robert
Cross, director of the Art Gallery;
Professor Edward armer, of the art
department; and James McClure,
director of photography for the
University. There will also be a
prize for the most popular photo
graph.
A prime feature of the exhibit is
some old photographs of animals in
motion taken by Eadweard Muy
bridge, who once worked for Sena
tor Stanford. Stanford, wishing to
discover if trotting horses ever had
all their feet off the ground at one
time, hired Muybridge to set up a
series of electrically controlled
cameras, which would take pictures
of a trotting horse every fraction of
a second.
The result (which confirmed
Stanford's contention that horses
often had all four feet off the
ground) was the beginning of a ca
reer for Muybridge. He started to
make similar photographs of all
kinds of animals in action. Then he
devised a method of showing each
print, in order, for an instant. This
created the illusion of a "moving
picture."
Two nationally known profes
sional photographers, Cedric Wright
and Ansel Adams, have, as guests,
entered some of their work in the
exhibit.
The photography exhibit, spon
sored by the Camera Club, begins
today in the Art Gallery at 10 a.m.
The exhibit will be open for one
week. Included in the showing are
pictures by students and by nation
ally known professional photogra
phers, many historical photographs,
and the equipment used in a typical
darkroom.
Prizes of $7.50 and $5. as well as
five blue ribbons, will be awarded
the outstanding photographs of the
exhibit by the judges: Mrs. Robert
Cross, director of the Art Gallery;
Professor Edward armer, of the art
department; and James McClure,
director of photography for the
University. There will also be a
prize for the most popular photo
graph.
A prime feature of the exhibit is
some old photographs of animals in
motion taken by Eadweard Muy
bridge, who once worked for Sena
tor Stanford. Stanford, wishing to
discover if trotting horses ever had
all their feet off the ground at one
time, hired Muybridge to set up a
series of electrically controlled
cameras, which would take pictures
of a trotting horse every fraction of
a second.
The result (which confirmed
Stanford's contention that horses
often had all four feet off the
ground) was the beginning of a ca
reer for Muybridge. He started to
make similar photographs of all
kinds of animals in action. Then he
devised a method of showing each
print, in order, for an instant. This
created the illusion of a "moving
picture."
Two nationally known profes
sional photographers, Cedric Wright
and Ansel Adams, have, as guests,
entered some of their work in the
exhibit.
The photography exhibit, spon
sored by the Camera Club, begins
today in the Art Gallery at 10 a.m.
The exhibit will be open for one
week. Included in the showing are
pictures by students and by nation
ally known professional photogra
phers, many historical photographs,
and the equipment used in a typical
darkroom.
Prizes of $7.50 and $5. as well as
five blue ribbons, will be awarded
the outstanding photographs of the
exhibit by the judges: Mrs. Robert
Cross, director of the Art Gallery;
Professor Edward armer, of the art
department; and James McClure,
director of photography for the
University. There will also be a
prize for the most popular photo
graph.
A prime feature of the exhibit is
some old photographs of animals in
motion taken by Eadweard Muy
bridge, who once worked for Sena
tor Stanford. Stanford, wishing to
discover if trotting horses ever had
all their feet off the ground at one
time, hired Muybridge to set up a
series of electrically controlled
cameras, which would take pictures
of a trotting horse every fraction of
a second.
The result (which confirmed
Stanford's contention that horses
often had all four feet off the
ground) was the beginning of a ca
reer for Muybridge. He started to
make similar photographs of all
kinds of animals in action. Then he
devised a method of showing each
print, in order, for an instant. This
created the illusion of a "moving
picture."
Two nationally known profes
sional photographers, Cedric Wright
and Ansel Adams, have, as guests,
entered some of their work in the
exhibit.
The photography exhibit, spon
sored by the Camera Club, begins
today in the Art Gallery at 10 a.m.
The exhibit will be open for one
week. Included in the showing are
pictures by students and by nation
ally known professional photogra
phers, many historical photographs,
and the equipment used in a typical
darkroom.
Prizes of $7.50 and $5. as well as
five blue ribbons, will be awarded
the outstanding photographs of the
exhibit by the judges: Mrs. Robert
Cross, director of the Art Gallery;
Professor Edward armer, of the art
department; and James McClure,
director of photography for the
University. There will also be a
prize for the most popular photo
graph.
A prime feature of the exhibit is
some old photographs of animals in
motion taken by Eadweard Muy
bridge, who once worked for Sena
tor Stanford. Stanford, wishing to
discover if trotting horses ever had
all their feet off the ground at one
time, hired Muybridge to set up a
series of electrically controlled
cameras, which would take pictures
of a trotting horse every fraction of
a second.
The result (which confirmed
Stanford's contention that horses
often had all four feet off the
ground) was the beginning of a ca
reer for Muybridge. He started to
make similar photographs of all
kinds of animals in action. Then he
devised a method of showing each
print, in order, for an instant. This
created the illusion of a "moving
picture."
Two nationally known profes
sional photographers, Cedric Wright
and Ansel Adams, have, as guests,
entered some of their work in the
exhibit.
The photography exhibit, spon
sored by the Camera Club, begins
today in the Art Gallery at 10 a.m.
The exhibit will be open for one
week. Included in the showing are
pictures by students and by nation
ally known professional photogra
phers, many historical photographs,
and the equipment used in a typical
darkroom.
Prizes of $7.50 and $5. as well as
five blue ribbons, will be awarded
the outstanding photographs of the
exhibit by the judges: Mrs. Robert
Cross, director of the Art Gallery;
Professor Edward armer, of the art
department; and James McClure,
director of photography for the
University. There will also be a
prize for the most popular photo
graph.
A prime feature of the exhibit is
some old photographs of animals in
motion taken by Eadweard Muy
bridge, who once worked for Sena
tor Stanford. Stanford, wishing to
discover if trotting horses ever had
all their feet off the ground at one
time, hired Muybridge to set up a
series of electrically controlled
cameras, which would take pictures
of a trotting horse every fraction of
a second.
The result (which confirmed
Stanford's contention that horses
often had all four feet off the
ground) was the beginning of a ca
reer for Muybridge. He started to
make similar photographs of all
kinds of animals in action. Then he
devised a method of showing each
print, in order, for an instant. This
created the illusion of a "moving
picture."
Two nationally known profes
sional photographers, Cedric Wright
and Ansel Adams, have, as guests,
entered some of their work in the
exhibit.
The photography exhibit, spon
sored by the Camera Club, begins
today in the Art Gallery at 10 a.m.
The exhibit will be open for one
week. Included in the showing are
pictures by students and by nation
ally known professional photogra
phers, many historical photographs,
and the equipment used in a typical
darkroom.
Prizes of $7.50 and $5. as well as
five blue ribbons, will be awarded
the outstanding photographs of the
exhibit by the judges: Mrs. Robert
Cross, director of the Art Gallery;
Professor Edward armer, of the art
department; and James McClure,
director of photography for the
University. There will also be a
prize for the most popular photo
graph.
A prime feature of the exhibit is
some old photographs of animals in
motion taken by Eadweard Muy
bridge, who once worked for Sena
tor Stanford. Stanford, wishing to
discover if trotting horses ever had
all their feet off the ground at one
time, hired Muybridge to set up a
series of electrically controlled
cameras, which would take pictures
of a trotting horse every fraction of
a second.
The result (which confirmed
Stanford's contention that horses
often had all four feet off the
ground) was the beginning of a ca
reer for Muybridge. He started to
make similar photographs of all
kinds of animals in action. Then he
devised a method of showing each
print, in order, for an instant. This
created the illusion of a "moving
picture."
Two nationally known profes
sional photographers, Cedric Wright
and Ansel Adams, have, as guests,
entered some of their work in the
exhibit.
The photography exhibit, spon
sored by the Camera Club, begins
today in the Art Gallery at 10 a.m.
The exhibit will be open for one
week. Included in the showing are
pictures by students and by nation
ally known professional photogra
phers, many historical photographs,
and the equipment used in a typical
darkroom.
Prizes of $7.50 and $5. as well as
five blue ribbons, will be awarded
the outstanding photographs of the
exhibit by the judges: Mrs. Robert
Cross, director of the Art Gallery;
Professor Edward armer, of the art
department; and James McClure,
director of photography for the
University. There will also be a
prize for the most popular photo
graph.
A prime feature of the exhibit is
some old photographs of animals in
motion taken by Eadweard Muy
bridge, who once worked for Sena
tor Stanford. Stanford, wishing to
discover if trotting horses ever had
all their feet off the ground at one
time, hired Muybridge to set up a
series of electrically controlled
cameras, which would take pictures
of a trotting horse every fraction of
a second.
The result (which confirmed
Stanford's contention that horses
often had all four feet off the
ground) was the beginning of a ca
reer for Muybridge. He started to
make similar photographs of all
kinds of animals in action. Then he
devised a method of showing each
print, in order, for an instant. This
created the illusion of a "moving
picture."
Two nationally known profes
sional photographers, Cedric Wright
and Ansel Adams, have, as guests,
entered some of their work in the
exhibit.
