# THE 						WEATHER
## 
### 
BAY AREA— Clear today and to
morrow; slightly warmer today.
Gentle to moderate southerly
wine's.
BAY AREA— Clear today and to
morrow; slightly warmer today.
Gentle to moderate southerly
wine's.
BAY AREA— Clear today and to
morrow; slightly warmer today.
Gentle to moderate southerly
wine's.
BAY AREA— Clear today and to
morrow; slightly warmer today.
Gentle to moderate southerly
wine's.
BAY AREA— Clear today and to
morrow; slightly warmer today.
Gentle to moderate southerly
wine's.
BAY AREA— Clear today and to
morrow; slightly warmer today.
Gentle to moderate southerly
wine's.
BAY AREA— Clear today and to
morrow; slightly warmer today.
Gentle to moderate southerly
wine's.
BAY AREA— Clear today and to
morrow; slightly warmer today.
Gentle to moderate southerly
wine's.
BAY AREA— Clear today and to
morrow; slightly warmer today.
Gentle to moderate southerly
wine's.
BAY AREA— Clear today and to
morrow; slightly warmer today.
Gentle to moderate southerly
wine's.
BAY AREA— Clear today and to
morrow; slightly warmer today.
Gentle to moderate southerly
wine's.
BAY AREA— Clear today and to
morrow; slightly warmer today.
Gentle to moderate southerly
wine's.
BAY AREA— Clear today and to
morrow; slightly warmer today.
Gentle to moderate southerly
wine's.
BAY AREA— Clear today and to
morrow; slightly warmer today.
Gentle to moderate southerly
wine's.
BAY AREA— Clear today and to
morrow; slightly warmer today.
Gentle to moderate southerly
wine's.
BAY AREA— Clear today and to
morrow; slightly warmer today.
Gentle to moderate southerly
wine's.
