# 'Ballet Variante' To Be Presented
## 
### 
Mia Slavenska, loveliest of all
great dancing stars, and her Ballet
Variante of eight outstanding ar
tists, will appear as the first pro
gram of the ASSU Student Concert
Scries Nov. 22.
Individual tickets are now on sale
at the Concert Series office in the
Nitery, according to Sharon Nuss,
concert manager. Tickets may be
obtained by writing to Box 1151,
Campus. Additional information
about the Concert Series may be
had by telephoning DA 3-.°»870.
Season tickets for the entire Con
cert Scries also may be purchased.
Following Mia Slavenska will be:
Jan Peerce, tenor, on Feb. 11; Jo
seph Szigeti, violinist, Apr. 21; and
Florence Quartararo, lyric soprano.
May 19.
