# Frosh 'Y' Aspirants To Be Introduced
## 
### 
Introductions of candidates for
offices in Freshman "Y" will be
made at duplicate meetings today
and tomorrow at 4:30 on the lower
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Voting for officers will be held
Thursday evening in the corridors
of Roble and Branner. All off-cam
pus freshmen are urged to vote in
the "Y" office Thursday or Friday.
Candidates for offices are: presi
dent, Margaret Gairdner, Peggy
Welch. Elisabeth Hawkins; vice
president, Mary Miles, Alice John
son, Suzanne Desimon; secretary
treasurer. Kathleen Barr, Barbara
Beal, 1 illie Driehous, Suzanne Cul
bertson, and Nancy Glidden.
Introductions of candidates for
offices in Freshman "Y" will be
made at duplicate meetings today
and tomorrow at 4:30 on the lower
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Voting for officers will be held
Thursday evening in the corridors
of Roble and Branner. All off-cam
pus freshmen are urged to vote in
the "Y" office Thursday or Friday.
Candidates for offices are: presi
dent, Margaret Gairdner, Peggy
Welch. Elisabeth Hawkins; vice
president, Mary Miles, Alice John
son, Suzanne Desimon; secretary
treasurer. Kathleen Barr, Barbara
Beal, 1 illie Driehous, Suzanne Cul
bertson, and Nancy Glidden.
Introductions of candidates for
offices in Freshman "Y" will be
made at duplicate meetings today
and tomorrow at 4:30 on the lower
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Voting for officers will be held
Thursday evening in the corridors
of Roble and Branner. All off-cam
pus freshmen are urged to vote in
the "Y" office Thursday or Friday.
Candidates for offices are: presi
dent, Margaret Gairdner, Peggy
Welch. Elisabeth Hawkins; vice
president, Mary Miles, Alice John
son, Suzanne Desimon; secretary
treasurer. Kathleen Barr, Barbara
Beal, 1 illie Driehous, Suzanne Cul
bertson, and Nancy Glidden.
Introductions of candidates for
offices in Freshman "Y" will be
made at duplicate meetings today
and tomorrow at 4:30 on the lower
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Voting for officers will be held
Thursday evening in the corridors
of Roble and Branner. All off-cam
pus freshmen are urged to vote in
the "Y" office Thursday or Friday.
Candidates for offices are: presi
dent, Margaret Gairdner, Peggy
Welch. Elisabeth Hawkins; vice
president, Mary Miles, Alice John
son, Suzanne Desimon; secretary
treasurer. Kathleen Barr, Barbara
Beal, 1 illie Driehous, Suzanne Cul
bertson, and Nancy Glidden.
Introductions of candidates for
offices in Freshman "Y" will be
made at duplicate meetings today
and tomorrow at 4:30 on the lower
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Voting for officers will be held
Thursday evening in the corridors
of Roble and Branner. All off-cam
pus freshmen are urged to vote in
the "Y" office Thursday or Friday.
Candidates for offices are: presi
dent, Margaret Gairdner, Peggy
Welch. Elisabeth Hawkins; vice
president, Mary Miles, Alice John
son, Suzanne Desimon; secretary
treasurer. Kathleen Barr, Barbara
Beal, 1 illie Driehous, Suzanne Cul
bertson, and Nancy Glidden.
Introductions of candidates for
offices in Freshman "Y" will be
made at duplicate meetings today
and tomorrow at 4:30 on the lower
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Voting for officers will be held
Thursday evening in the corridors
of Roble and Branner. All off-cam
pus freshmen are urged to vote in
the "Y" office Thursday or Friday.
Candidates for offices are: presi
dent, Margaret Gairdner, Peggy
Welch. Elisabeth Hawkins; vice
president, Mary Miles, Alice John
son, Suzanne Desimon; secretary
treasurer. Kathleen Barr, Barbara
Beal, 1 illie Driehous, Suzanne Cul
bertson, and Nancy Glidden.
Introductions of candidates for
offices in Freshman "Y" will be
made at duplicate meetings today
and tomorrow at 4:30 on the lower
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Voting for officers will be held
Thursday evening in the corridors
of Roble and Branner. All off-cam
pus freshmen are urged to vote in
the "Y" office Thursday or Friday.
Candidates for offices are: presi
dent, Margaret Gairdner, Peggy
Welch. Elisabeth Hawkins; vice
president, Mary Miles, Alice John
son, Suzanne Desimon; secretary
treasurer. Kathleen Barr, Barbara
Beal, 1 illie Driehous, Suzanne Cul
bertson, and Nancy Glidden.
Introductions of candidates for
offices in Freshman "Y" will be
made at duplicate meetings today
and tomorrow at 4:30 on the lower
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Voting for officers will be held
Thursday evening in the corridors
of Roble and Branner. All off-cam
pus freshmen are urged to vote in
the "Y" office Thursday or Friday.
Candidates for offices are: presi
dent, Margaret Gairdner, Peggy
Welch. Elisabeth Hawkins; vice
president, Mary Miles, Alice John
son, Suzanne Desimon; secretary
treasurer. Kathleen Barr, Barbara
Beal, 1 illie Driehous, Suzanne Cul
bertson, and Nancy Glidden.
Introductions of candidates for
offices in Freshman "Y" will be
made at duplicate meetings today
and tomorrow at 4:30 on the lower
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Voting for officers will be held
Thursday evening in the corridors
of Roble and Branner. All off-cam
pus freshmen are urged to vote in
the "Y" office Thursday or Friday.
Candidates for offices are: presi
dent, Margaret Gairdner, Peggy
Welch. Elisabeth Hawkins; vice
president, Mary Miles, Alice John
son, Suzanne Desimon; secretary
treasurer. Kathleen Barr, Barbara
Beal, 1 illie Driehous, Suzanne Cul
bertson, and Nancy Glidden.
Introductions of candidates for
offices in Freshman "Y" will be
made at duplicate meetings today
and tomorrow at 4:30 on the lower
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Voting for officers will be held
Thursday evening in the corridors
of Roble and Branner. All off-cam
pus freshmen are urged to vote in
the "Y" office Thursday or Friday.
Candidates for offices are: presi
dent, Margaret Gairdner, Peggy
Welch. Elisabeth Hawkins; vice
president, Mary Miles, Alice John
son, Suzanne Desimon; secretary
treasurer. Kathleen Barr, Barbara
Beal, 1 illie Driehous, Suzanne Cul
bertson, and Nancy Glidden.
Introductions of candidates for
offices in Freshman "Y" will be
made at duplicate meetings today
and tomorrow at 4:30 on the lower
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Voting for officers will be held
Thursday evening in the corridors
of Roble and Branner. All off-cam
pus freshmen are urged to vote in
the "Y" office Thursday or Friday.
Candidates for offices are: presi
dent, Margaret Gairdner, Peggy
Welch. Elisabeth Hawkins; vice
president, Mary Miles, Alice John
son, Suzanne Desimon; secretary
treasurer. Kathleen Barr, Barbara
Beal, 1 illie Driehous, Suzanne Cul
bertson, and Nancy Glidden.
Introductions of candidates for
offices in Freshman "Y" will be
made at duplicate meetings today
and tomorrow at 4:30 on the lower
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Voting for officers will be held
Thursday evening in the corridors
of Roble and Branner. All off-cam
pus freshmen are urged to vote in
the "Y" office Thursday or Friday.
Candidates for offices are: presi
dent, Margaret Gairdner, Peggy
Welch. Elisabeth Hawkins; vice
president, Mary Miles, Alice John
son, Suzanne Desimon; secretary
treasurer. Kathleen Barr, Barbara
Beal, 1 illie Driehous, Suzanne Cul
bertson, and Nancy Glidden.
Introductions of candidates for
offices in Freshman "Y" will be
made at duplicate meetings today
and tomorrow at 4:30 on the lower
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Voting for officers will be held
Thursday evening in the corridors
of Roble and Branner. All off-cam
pus freshmen are urged to vote in
the "Y" office Thursday or Friday.
Candidates for offices are: presi
dent, Margaret Gairdner, Peggy
Welch. Elisabeth Hawkins; vice
president, Mary Miles, Alice John
son, Suzanne Desimon; secretary
treasurer. Kathleen Barr, Barbara
Beal, 1 illie Driehous, Suzanne Cul
bertson, and Nancy Glidden.
Introductions of candidates for
offices in Freshman "Y" will be
made at duplicate meetings today
and tomorrow at 4:30 on the lower
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Voting for officers will be held
Thursday evening in the corridors
of Roble and Branner. All off-cam
pus freshmen are urged to vote in
the "Y" office Thursday or Friday.
Candidates for offices are: presi
dent, Margaret Gairdner, Peggy
Welch. Elisabeth Hawkins; vice
president, Mary Miles, Alice John
son, Suzanne Desimon; secretary
treasurer. Kathleen Barr, Barbara
Beal, 1 illie Driehous, Suzanne Cul
bertson, and Nancy Glidden.
Introductions of candidates for
offices in Freshman "Y" will be
made at duplicate meetings today
and tomorrow at 4:30 on the lower
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Voting for officers will be held
Thursday evening in the corridors
of Roble and Branner. All off-cam
pus freshmen are urged to vote in
the "Y" office Thursday or Friday.
Candidates for offices are: presi
dent, Margaret Gairdner, Peggy
Welch. Elisabeth Hawkins; vice
president, Mary Miles, Alice John
son, Suzanne Desimon; secretary
treasurer. Kathleen Barr, Barbara
Beal, 1 illie Driehous, Suzanne Cul
bertson, and Nancy Glidden.
Introductions of candidates for
offices in Freshman "Y" will be
made at duplicate meetings today
and tomorrow at 4:30 on the lower
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Voting for officers will be held
Thursday evening in the corridors
of Roble and Branner. All off-cam
pus freshmen are urged to vote in
the "Y" office Thursday or Friday.
Candidates for offices are: presi
dent, Margaret Gairdner, Peggy
Welch. Elisabeth Hawkins; vice
president, Mary Miles, Alice John
son, Suzanne Desimon; secretary
treasurer. Kathleen Barr, Barbara
Beal, 1 illie Driehous, Suzanne Cul
bertson, and Nancy Glidden.
