# Dill to Speak on Russia At Mills College Forum
## 
### 
Marshall Dill Jr. of the history
department at Stanford will speak
on a panel at Mills College Nov. 19
on the subject "The Positive Ap
proach to the Russian Challenge."
The discussion is being sponsored
by the Associated Students at Mills
and is part of their biennial con
ferences on current world prob
lems.
Marshall Dill Jr. of the history
department at Stanford will speak
on a panel at Mills College Nov. 19
on the subject "The Positive Ap
proach to the Russian Challenge."
The discussion is being sponsored
by the Associated Students at Mills
and is part of their biennial con
ferences on current world prob
lems.
Marshall Dill Jr. of the history
department at Stanford will speak
on a panel at Mills College Nov. 19
on the subject "The Positive Ap
proach to the Russian Challenge."
The discussion is being sponsored
by the Associated Students at Mills
and is part of their biennial con
ferences on current world prob
lems.
Marshall Dill Jr. of the history
department at Stanford will speak
on a panel at Mills College Nov. 19
on the subject "The Positive Ap
proach to the Russian Challenge."
The discussion is being sponsored
by the Associated Students at Mills
and is part of their biennial con
ferences on current world prob
lems.
Marshall Dill Jr. of the history
department at Stanford will speak
on a panel at Mills College Nov. 19
on the subject "The Positive Ap
proach to the Russian Challenge."
The discussion is being sponsored
by the Associated Students at Mills
and is part of their biennial con
ferences on current world prob
lems.
Marshall Dill Jr. of the history
department at Stanford will speak
on a panel at Mills College Nov. 19
on the subject "The Positive Ap
proach to the Russian Challenge."
The discussion is being sponsored
by the Associated Students at Mills
and is part of their biennial con
ferences on current world prob
lems.
Marshall Dill Jr. of the history
department at Stanford will speak
on a panel at Mills College Nov. 19
on the subject "The Positive Ap
proach to the Russian Challenge."
The discussion is being sponsored
by the Associated Students at Mills
and is part of their biennial con
ferences on current world prob
lems.
Marshall Dill Jr. of the history
department at Stanford will speak
on a panel at Mills College Nov. 19
on the subject "The Positive Ap
proach to the Russian Challenge."
The discussion is being sponsored
by the Associated Students at Mills
and is part of their biennial con
ferences on current world prob
lems.
Marshall Dill Jr. of the history
department at Stanford will speak
on a panel at Mills College Nov. 19
on the subject "The Positive Ap
proach to the Russian Challenge."
The discussion is being sponsored
by the Associated Students at Mills
and is part of their biennial con
ferences on current world prob
lems.
Marshall Dill Jr. of the history
department at Stanford will speak
on a panel at Mills College Nov. 19
on the subject "The Positive Ap
proach to the Russian Challenge."
The discussion is being sponsored
by the Associated Students at Mills
and is part of their biennial con
ferences on current world prob
lems.
Marshall Dill Jr. of the history
department at Stanford will speak
on a panel at Mills College Nov. 19
on the subject "The Positive Ap
proach to the Russian Challenge."
The discussion is being sponsored
by the Associated Students at Mills
and is part of their biennial con
ferences on current world prob
lems.
Marshall Dill Jr. of the history
department at Stanford will speak
on a panel at Mills College Nov. 19
on the subject "The Positive Ap
proach to the Russian Challenge."
The discussion is being sponsored
by the Associated Students at Mills
and is part of their biennial con
ferences on current world prob
lems.
Marshall Dill Jr. of the history
department at Stanford will speak
on a panel at Mills College Nov. 19
on the subject "The Positive Ap
proach to the Russian Challenge."
The discussion is being sponsored
by the Associated Students at Mills
and is part of their biennial con
ferences on current world prob
lems.
Marshall Dill Jr. of the history
department at Stanford will speak
on a panel at Mills College Nov. 19
on the subject "The Positive Ap
proach to the Russian Challenge."
The discussion is being sponsored
by the Associated Students at Mills
and is part of their biennial con
ferences on current world prob
lems.
Marshall Dill Jr. of the history
department at Stanford will speak
on a panel at Mills College Nov. 19
on the subject "The Positive Ap
proach to the Russian Challenge."
The discussion is being sponsored
by the Associated Students at Mills
and is part of their biennial con
ferences on current world prob
lems.
Marshall Dill Jr. of the history
department at Stanford will speak
on a panel at Mills College Nov. 19
on the subject "The Positive Ap
proach to the Russian Challenge."
The discussion is being sponsored
by the Associated Students at Mills
and is part of their biennial con
ferences on current world prob
lems.
