# Adv. 14 Page 3
## 
### 
GET SET
for all 3 speeds with
the now Columbia
Record At tj( I unent.
fpl 2.S>!>
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
GET SET
for all 3 speeds with
the now Columbia
Record At tj( I unent.
fpl 2.S>!>
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
GET SET
for all 3 speeds with
the now Columbia
Record At tj( I unent.
fpl 2.S>!>
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
GET SET
for all 3 speeds with
the now Columbia
Record At tj( I unent.
fpl 2.S>!>
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
GET SET
for all 3 speeds with
the now Columbia
Record At tj( I unent.
fpl 2.S>!>
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
GET SET
for all 3 speeds with
the now Columbia
Record At tj( I unent.
fpl 2.S>!>
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
GET SET
for all 3 speeds with
the now Columbia
Record At tj( I unent.
fpl 2.S>!>
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
GET SET
for all 3 speeds with
the now Columbia
Record At tj( I unent.
fpl 2.S>!>
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
GET SET
for all 3 speeds with
the now Columbia
Record At tj( I unent.
fpl 2.S>!>
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
GET SET
for all 3 speeds with
the now Columbia
Record At tj( I unent.
fpl 2.S>!>
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
GET SET
for all 3 speeds with
the now Columbia
Record At tj( I unent.
fpl 2.S>!>
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
GET SET
for all 3 speeds with
the now Columbia
Record At tj( I unent.
fpl 2.S>!>
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
GET SET
for all 3 speeds with
the now Columbia
Record At tj( I unent.
fpl 2.S>!>
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
GET SET
for all 3 speeds with
the now Columbia
Record At tj( I unent.
fpl 2.S>!>
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
GET SET
for all 3 speeds with
the now Columbia
Record At tj( I unent.
fpl 2.S>!>
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
GET SET
for all 3 speeds with
the now Columbia
Record At tj( I unent.
fpl 2.S>!>
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
