# TENNIS RESULTS
## 
### 
Bea Bailey defeated Marjoiie Gib
bons 6-4. 7-5 to win the Women's
All-University Single Tennis Tour
nament.
The finals of the Women's All~
University Doubles Tennis Tourna
ment will be played this weekend
between Marjorie Gibbons and
Carla Anderson and Bea Bailey and
Claire Vedensky.
Bea Bailey defeated Marjoiie Gib
bons 6-4. 7-5 to win the Women's
All-University Single Tennis Tour
nament.
The finals of the Women's All~
University Doubles Tennis Tourna
ment will be played this weekend
between Marjorie Gibbons and
Carla Anderson and Bea Bailey and
Claire Vedensky.
Bea Bailey defeated Marjoiie Gib
bons 6-4. 7-5 to win the Women's
All-University Single Tennis Tour
nament.
The finals of the Women's All~
University Doubles Tennis Tourna
ment will be played this weekend
between Marjorie Gibbons and
Carla Anderson and Bea Bailey and
Claire Vedensky.
Bea Bailey defeated Marjoiie Gib
bons 6-4. 7-5 to win the Women's
All-University Single Tennis Tour
nament.
The finals of the Women's All~
University Doubles Tennis Tourna
ment will be played this weekend
between Marjorie Gibbons and
Carla Anderson and Bea Bailey and
Claire Vedensky.
Bea Bailey defeated Marjoiie Gib
bons 6-4. 7-5 to win the Women's
All-University Single Tennis Tour
nament.
The finals of the Women's All~
University Doubles Tennis Tourna
ment will be played this weekend
between Marjorie Gibbons and
Carla Anderson and Bea Bailey and
Claire Vedensky.
Bea Bailey defeated Marjoiie Gib
bons 6-4. 7-5 to win the Women's
All-University Single Tennis Tour
nament.
The finals of the Women's All~
University Doubles Tennis Tourna
ment will be played this weekend
between Marjorie Gibbons and
Carla Anderson and Bea Bailey and
Claire Vedensky.
Bea Bailey defeated Marjoiie Gib
bons 6-4. 7-5 to win the Women's
All-University Single Tennis Tour
nament.
The finals of the Women's All~
University Doubles Tennis Tourna
ment will be played this weekend
between Marjorie Gibbons and
Carla Anderson and Bea Bailey and
Claire Vedensky.
Bea Bailey defeated Marjoiie Gib
bons 6-4. 7-5 to win the Women's
All-University Single Tennis Tour
nament.
The finals of the Women's All~
University Doubles Tennis Tourna
ment will be played this weekend
between Marjorie Gibbons and
Carla Anderson and Bea Bailey and
Claire Vedensky.
Bea Bailey defeated Marjoiie Gib
bons 6-4. 7-5 to win the Women's
All-University Single Tennis Tour
nament.
The finals of the Women's All~
University Doubles Tennis Tourna
ment will be played this weekend
between Marjorie Gibbons and
Carla Anderson and Bea Bailey and
Claire Vedensky.
Bea Bailey defeated Marjoiie Gib
bons 6-4. 7-5 to win the Women's
All-University Single Tennis Tour
nament.
The finals of the Women's All~
University Doubles Tennis Tourna
ment will be played this weekend
between Marjorie Gibbons and
Carla Anderson and Bea Bailey and
Claire Vedensky.
Bea Bailey defeated Marjoiie Gib
bons 6-4. 7-5 to win the Women's
All-University Single Tennis Tour
nament.
The finals of the Women's All~
University Doubles Tennis Tourna
ment will be played this weekend
between Marjorie Gibbons and
Carla Anderson and Bea Bailey and
Claire Vedensky.
Bea Bailey defeated Marjoiie Gib
bons 6-4. 7-5 to win the Women's
All-University Single Tennis Tour
nament.
The finals of the Women's All~
University Doubles Tennis Tourna
ment will be played this weekend
between Marjorie Gibbons and
Carla Anderson and Bea Bailey and
Claire Vedensky.
Bea Bailey defeated Marjoiie Gib
bons 6-4. 7-5 to win the Women's
All-University Single Tennis Tour
nament.
The finals of the Women's All~
University Doubles Tennis Tourna
ment will be played this weekend
between Marjorie Gibbons and
Carla Anderson and Bea Bailey and
Claire Vedensky.
Bea Bailey defeated Marjoiie Gib
bons 6-4. 7-5 to win the Women's
All-University Single Tennis Tour
nament.
The finals of the Women's All~
University Doubles Tennis Tourna
ment will be played this weekend
between Marjorie Gibbons and
Carla Anderson and Bea Bailey and
Claire Vedensky.
Bea Bailey defeated Marjoiie Gib
bons 6-4. 7-5 to win the Women's
All-University Single Tennis Tour
nament.
The finals of the Women's All~
University Doubles Tennis Tourna
ment will be played this weekend
between Marjorie Gibbons and
Carla Anderson and Bea Bailey and
Claire Vedensky.
Bea Bailey defeated Marjoiie Gib
bons 6-4. 7-5 to win the Women's
All-University Single Tennis Tour
nament.
The finals of the Women's All~
University Doubles Tennis Tourna
ment will be played this weekend
between Marjorie Gibbons and
Carla Anderson and Bea Bailey and
Claire Vedensky.
