# MRS. BECKLEY DIES AT ELECTION BOOTH
## 
### United Press 
CHINO, Cal., Nov. 2.—Mrs. Nora
Beckley, 26, dropped dead of heart
disease in the polling place of the
Chino school, shortly after she and
her husband. William, had opened the
election booth.
CHINO, Cal., Nov. 2.—Mrs. Nora
Beckley, 26, dropped dead of heart
disease in the polling place of the
Chino school, shortly after she and
her husband. William, had opened the
election booth.
CHINO, Cal., Nov. 2.—Mrs. Nora
Beckley, 26, dropped dead of heart
disease in the polling place of the
Chino school, shortly after she and
her husband. William, had opened the
election booth.
CHINO, Cal., Nov. 2.—Mrs. Nora
Beckley, 26, dropped dead of heart
disease in the polling place of the
Chino school, shortly after she and
her husband. William, had opened the
election booth.
CHINO, Cal., Nov. 2.—Mrs. Nora
Beckley, 26, dropped dead of heart
disease in the polling place of the
Chino school, shortly after she and
her husband. William, had opened the
election booth.
CHINO, Cal., Nov. 2.—Mrs. Nora
Beckley, 26, dropped dead of heart
disease in the polling place of the
Chino school, shortly after she and
her husband. William, had opened the
election booth.
CHINO, Cal., Nov. 2.—Mrs. Nora
Beckley, 26, dropped dead of heart
disease in the polling place of the
Chino school, shortly after she and
her husband. William, had opened the
election booth.
CHINO, Cal., Nov. 2.—Mrs. Nora
Beckley, 26, dropped dead of heart
disease in the polling place of the
Chino school, shortly after she and
her husband. William, had opened the
election booth.
CHINO, Cal., Nov. 2.—Mrs. Nora
Beckley, 26, dropped dead of heart
disease in the polling place of the
Chino school, shortly after she and
her husband. William, had opened the
election booth.
CHINO, Cal., Nov. 2.—Mrs. Nora
Beckley, 26, dropped dead of heart
disease in the polling place of the
Chino school, shortly after she and
her husband. William, had opened the
election booth.
CHINO, Cal., Nov. 2.—Mrs. Nora
Beckley, 26, dropped dead of heart
disease in the polling place of the
Chino school, shortly after she and
her husband. William, had opened the
election booth.
CHINO, Cal., Nov. 2.—Mrs. Nora
Beckley, 26, dropped dead of heart
disease in the polling place of the
Chino school, shortly after she and
her husband. William, had opened the
election booth.
