# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'll be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you and billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
with gas and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'll be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you and billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
with gas and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'll be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you and billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
with gas and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'll be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you and billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
with gas and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'll be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you and billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
with gas and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'll be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you and billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
with gas and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'll be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you and billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
with gas and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'll be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you and billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
with gas and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'll be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you and billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
with gas and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'll be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you and billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
with gas and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'll be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you and billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
with gas and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'll be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you and billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
with gas and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'll be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you and billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
with gas and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'll be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you and billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
with gas and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'll be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you and billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
with gas and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'll be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you and billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
with gas and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'll be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you and billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
with gas and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'll be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you and billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
with gas and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real
across from Stadium
