# Adv. 14 Page 3
## 
### 
£DEAR JOAN —Do add
Katharine Cibbs secre
tarial training to your
degree . . . KAY.
Special Course for Col
lege Women. Send
for catalog.
£DEAR JOAN —Do add
Katharine Cibbs secre
tarial training to your
degree . . . KAY.
Special Course for Col
lege Women. Send
for catalog.
£DEAR JOAN —Do add
Katharine Cibbs secre
tarial training to your
degree . . . KAY.
Special Course for Col
lege Women. Send
for catalog.
£DEAR JOAN —Do add
Katharine Cibbs secre
tarial training to your
degree . . . KAY.
Special Course for Col
lege Women. Send
for catalog.
£DEAR JOAN —Do add
Katharine Cibbs secre
tarial training to your
degree . . . KAY.
Special Course for Col
lege Women. Send
for catalog.
£DEAR JOAN —Do add
Katharine Cibbs secre
tarial training to your
degree . . . KAY.
Special Course for Col
lege Women. Send
for catalog.
£DEAR JOAN —Do add
Katharine Cibbs secre
tarial training to your
degree . . . KAY.
Special Course for Col
lege Women. Send
for catalog.
£DEAR JOAN —Do add
Katharine Cibbs secre
tarial training to your
degree . . . KAY.
Special Course for Col
lege Women. Send
for catalog.
£DEAR JOAN —Do add
Katharine Cibbs secre
tarial training to your
degree . . . KAY.
Special Course for Col
lege Women. Send
for catalog.
£DEAR JOAN —Do add
Katharine Cibbs secre
tarial training to your
degree . . . KAY.
Special Course for Col
lege Women. Send
for catalog.
£DEAR JOAN —Do add
Katharine Cibbs secre
tarial training to your
degree . . . KAY.
Special Course for Col
lege Women. Send
for catalog.
£DEAR JOAN —Do add
Katharine Cibbs secre
tarial training to your
degree . . . KAY.
Special Course for Col
lege Women. Send
for catalog.
£DEAR JOAN —Do add
Katharine Cibbs secre
tarial training to your
degree . . . KAY.
Special Course for Col
lege Women. Send
for catalog.
£DEAR JOAN —Do add
Katharine Cibbs secre
tarial training to your
degree . . . KAY.
Special Course for Col
lege Women. Send
for catalog.
£DEAR JOAN —Do add
Katharine Cibbs secre
tarial training to your
degree . . . KAY.
Special Course for Col
lege Women. Send
for catalog.
£DEAR JOAN —Do add
Katharine Cibbs secre
tarial training to your
degree . . . KAY.
Special Course for Col
lege Women. Send
for catalog.
£DEAR JOAN —Do add
Katharine Cibbs secre
tarial training to your
degree . . . KAY.
Special Course for Col
lege Women. Send
for catalog.
£DEAR JOAN —Do add
Katharine Cibbs secre
tarial training to your
degree . . . KAY.
Special Course for Col
lege Women. Send
for catalog.
