# MERCURY SOARS WITH DROUGHT
## 
### 

ON THE BTII DAY <if a drought in upper New York state, Pauline Warner, farm miss, helps place paper
"hats" over 5,000 melon plants near Albany to proteel (hem from the sun's parching rays. Throughout the
state the temperature soared, in New York City to 90.7.

ON THE BTII DAY <if a drought in upper New York state, Pauline Warner, farm miss, helps place paper
"hats" over 5,000 melon plants near Albany to proteel (hem from the sun's parching rays. Throughout the
state the temperature soared, in New York City to 90.7.

ON THE BTII DAY <if a drought in upper New York state, Pauline Warner, farm miss, helps place paper
"hats" over 5,000 melon plants near Albany to proteel (hem from the sun's parching rays. Throughout the
state the temperature soared, in New York City to 90.7.

ON THE BTII DAY <if a drought in upper New York state, Pauline Warner, farm miss, helps place paper
"hats" over 5,000 melon plants near Albany to proteel (hem from the sun's parching rays. Throughout the
state the temperature soared, in New York City to 90.7.

ON THE BTII DAY <if a drought in upper New York state, Pauline Warner, farm miss, helps place paper
"hats" over 5,000 melon plants near Albany to proteel (hem from the sun's parching rays. Throughout the
state the temperature soared, in New York City to 90.7.

ON THE BTII DAY <if a drought in upper New York state, Pauline Warner, farm miss, helps place paper
"hats" over 5,000 melon plants near Albany to proteel (hem from the sun's parching rays. Throughout the
state the temperature soared, in New York City to 90.7.

ON THE BTII DAY <if a drought in upper New York state, Pauline Warner, farm miss, helps place paper
"hats" over 5,000 melon plants near Albany to proteel (hem from the sun's parching rays. Throughout the
state the temperature soared, in New York City to 90.7.

ON THE BTII DAY <if a drought in upper New York state, Pauline Warner, farm miss, helps place paper
"hats" over 5,000 melon plants near Albany to proteel (hem from the sun's parching rays. Throughout the
state the temperature soared, in New York City to 90.7.

ON THE BTII DAY <if a drought in upper New York state, Pauline Warner, farm miss, helps place paper
"hats" over 5,000 melon plants near Albany to proteel (hem from the sun's parching rays. Throughout the
state the temperature soared, in New York City to 90.7.

ON THE BTII DAY <if a drought in upper New York state, Pauline Warner, farm miss, helps place paper
"hats" over 5,000 melon plants near Albany to proteel (hem from the sun's parching rays. Throughout the
state the temperature soared, in New York City to 90.7.

ON THE BTII DAY <if a drought in upper New York state, Pauline Warner, farm miss, helps place paper
"hats" over 5,000 melon plants near Albany to proteel (hem from the sun's parching rays. Throughout the
state the temperature soared, in New York City to 90.7.

ON THE BTII DAY <if a drought in upper New York state, Pauline Warner, farm miss, helps place paper
"hats" over 5,000 melon plants near Albany to proteel (hem from the sun's parching rays. Throughout the
state the temperature soared, in New York City to 90.7.

ON THE BTII DAY <if a drought in upper New York state, Pauline Warner, farm miss, helps place paper
"hats" over 5,000 melon plants near Albany to proteel (hem from the sun's parching rays. Throughout the
state the temperature soared, in New York City to 90.7.

ON THE BTII DAY <if a drought in upper New York state, Pauline Warner, farm miss, helps place paper
"hats" over 5,000 melon plants near Albany to proteel (hem from the sun's parching rays. Throughout the
state the temperature soared, in New York City to 90.7.

ON THE BTII DAY <if a drought in upper New York state, Pauline Warner, farm miss, helps place paper
"hats" over 5,000 melon plants near Albany to proteel (hem from the sun's parching rays. Throughout the
state the temperature soared, in New York City to 90.7.

ON THE BTII DAY <if a drought in upper New York state, Pauline Warner, farm miss, helps place paper
"hats" over 5,000 melon plants near Albany to proteel (hem from the sun's parching rays. Throughout the
state the temperature soared, in New York City to 90.7.

ON THE BTII DAY <if a drought in upper New York state, Pauline Warner, farm miss, helps place paper
"hats" over 5,000 melon plants near Albany to proteel (hem from the sun's parching rays. Throughout the
state the temperature soared, in New York City to 90.7.

ON THE BTII DAY <if a drought in upper New York state, Pauline Warner, farm miss, helps place paper
"hats" over 5,000 melon plants near Albany to proteel (hem from the sun's parching rays. Throughout the
state the temperature soared, in New York City to 90.7.
