# FDR's Decree Subdues Labor
## Coast Labor Heads Asked to Arbitrate 
### 
President Roosevelt's unlimited
emergency proclamation was utilized
Wednesday night in an attempt to
break the 19-day strike on $500,000,-
000 worth of government shipbuild
ing orders at San Francisco ship
yards.
Sen. Harry Truman, D., Mo., asked
striking AFL and CIO machinists to
submit their dispute with 11 west
coast ship manufacturers to federal
arbitration, and return to work un
der Mr. Roosevelt's pledge that "la
bor's rights shall be respected."
Two officials of the striking AFL
union, appearing before Truman's
Senate defense committee at Wash
ington, said the arbitration plan
would be submitted to the strike
membership without recommenda
tion.
LABOR HOLIDAY
At Charleston, S.C., an estimated
G.OOO AFL union members called off
a scheduled "labor holiday" at de
fense projects in the area. Never
theless, about 1500 workers picket
ed en masse at the Charleston naval
ordnance project where 400 men
have been on strike since May 23.
A strike of 600 CIO members end
ed at the Carborundum Company
plant at Niagara Falls, N.Y., upon
request of government labor con
ciliators. The National Defense Me
diation Board obtained at least a
six-day postponement of strike ac
tion among 11.000 employes of the
North American Aviation Corpora
tion's Inglewood, Cal., plant.
STRIKERS MEDIATE
The National Defense Mediation
Board assigned a new panel to the
loggers' strike at camps near Port
land, Ore. Discussions began Wed
nesday. Another NDMB panel still
was struggling with the threatened
renev/al of a work stoppage in the
soft coal fields.
At Cleveland, 0., 4000 employes at
five plants of the Aluminum Com
pany of America balloted in a CIO
strike election to support pay boost
demands. There was no strike call,
however, and company officials dis
counted the danger of a work stop
page.
President Roosevelt's unlimited
emergency proclamation was utilized
Wednesday night in an attempt to
break the 19-day strike on $500,000,-
000 worth of government shipbuild
ing orders at San Francisco ship
yards.
Sen. Harry Truman, D., Mo., asked
striking AFL and CIO machinists to
submit their dispute with 11 west
coast ship manufacturers to federal
arbitration, and return to work un
der Mr. Roosevelt's pledge that "la
bor's rights shall be respected."
Two officials of the striking AFL
union, appearing before Truman's
Senate defense committee at Wash
ington, said the arbitration plan
would be submitted to the strike
membership without recommenda
tion.
LABOR HOLIDAY
At Charleston, S.C., an estimated
G.OOO AFL union members called off
a scheduled "labor holiday" at de
fense projects in the area. Never
theless, about 1500 workers picket
ed en masse at the Charleston naval
ordnance project where 400 men
have been on strike since May 23.
A strike of 600 CIO members end
ed at the Carborundum Company
plant at Niagara Falls, N.Y., upon
request of government labor con
ciliators. The National Defense Me
diation Board obtained at least a
six-day postponement of strike ac
tion among 11.000 employes of the
North American Aviation Corpora
tion's Inglewood, Cal., plant.
STRIKERS MEDIATE
The National Defense Mediation
Board assigned a new panel to the
loggers' strike at camps near Port
land, Ore. Discussions began Wed
nesday. Another NDMB panel still
was struggling with the threatened
renev/al of a work stoppage in the
soft coal fields.
At Cleveland, 0., 4000 employes at
five plants of the Aluminum Com
pany of America balloted in a CIO
strike election to support pay boost
demands. There was no strike call,
however, and company officials dis
counted the danger of a work stop
page.
President Roosevelt's unlimited
emergency proclamation was utilized
Wednesday night in an attempt to
break the 19-day strike on $500,000,-
000 worth of government shipbuild
ing orders at San Francisco ship
yards.
Sen. Harry Truman, D., Mo., asked
striking AFL and CIO machinists to
submit their dispute with 11 west
coast ship manufacturers to federal
arbitration, and return to work un
der Mr. Roosevelt's pledge that "la
bor's rights shall be respected."
Two officials of the striking AFL
union, appearing before Truman's
Senate defense committee at Wash
ington, said the arbitration plan
would be submitted to the strike
membership without recommenda
tion.
LABOR HOLIDAY
At Charleston, S.C., an estimated
G.OOO AFL union members called off
a scheduled "labor holiday" at de
fense projects in the area. Never
theless, about 1500 workers picket
ed en masse at the Charleston naval
ordnance project where 400 men
have been on strike since May 23.
A strike of 600 CIO members end
ed at the Carborundum Company
plant at Niagara Falls, N.Y., upon
request of government labor con
ciliators. The National Defense Me
diation Board obtained at least a
six-day postponement of strike ac
tion among 11.000 employes of the
North American Aviation Corpora
tion's Inglewood, Cal., plant.
STRIKERS MEDIATE
The National Defense Mediation
Board assigned a new panel to the
loggers' strike at camps near Port
land, Ore. Discussions began Wed
nesday. Another NDMB panel still
was struggling with the threatened
renev/al of a work stoppage in the
soft coal fields.
At Cleveland, 0., 4000 employes at
five plants of the Aluminum Com
pany of America balloted in a CIO
strike election to support pay boost
demands. There was no strike call,
however, and company officials dis
counted the danger of a work stop
page.
President Roosevelt's unlimited
emergency proclamation was utilized
Wednesday night in an attempt to
break the 19-day strike on $500,000,-
000 worth of government shipbuild
ing orders at San Francisco ship
yards.
Sen. Harry Truman, D., Mo., asked
striking AFL and CIO machinists to
submit their dispute with 11 west
coast ship manufacturers to federal
arbitration, and return to work un
der Mr. Roosevelt's pledge that "la
bor's rights shall be respected."
Two officials of the striking AFL
union, appearing before Truman's
Senate defense committee at Wash
ington, said the arbitration plan
would be submitted to the strike
membership without recommenda
tion.
LABOR HOLIDAY
At Charleston, S.C., an estimated
G.OOO AFL union members called off
a scheduled "labor holiday" at de
fense projects in the area. Never
theless, about 1500 workers picket
ed en masse at the Charleston naval
ordnance project where 400 men
have been on strike since May 23.
A strike of 600 CIO members end
ed at the Carborundum Company
plant at Niagara Falls, N.Y., upon
request of government labor con
ciliators. The National Defense Me
diation Board obtained at least a
six-day postponement of strike ac
tion among 11.000 employes of the
North American Aviation Corpora
tion's Inglewood, Cal., plant.
STRIKERS MEDIATE
The National Defense Mediation
Board assigned a new panel to the
loggers' strike at camps near Port
land, Ore. Discussions began Wed
nesday. Another NDMB panel still
was struggling with the threatened
renev/al of a work stoppage in the
soft coal fields.
At Cleveland, 0., 4000 employes at
five plants of the Aluminum Com
pany of America balloted in a CIO
strike election to support pay boost
demands. There was no strike call,
however, and company officials dis
counted the danger of a work stop
page.
President Roosevelt's unlimited
emergency proclamation was utilized
Wednesday night in an attempt to
break the 19-day strike on $500,000,-
000 worth of government shipbuild
ing orders at San Francisco ship
yards.
Sen. Harry Truman, D., Mo., asked
striking AFL and CIO machinists to
submit their dispute with 11 west
coast ship manufacturers to federal
arbitration, and return to work un
der Mr. Roosevelt's pledge that "la
bor's rights shall be respected."
Two officials of the striking AFL
union, appearing before Truman's
Senate defense committee at Wash
ington, said the arbitration plan
would be submitted to the strike
membership without recommenda
tion.
LABOR HOLIDAY
At Charleston, S.C., an estimated
G.OOO AFL union members called off
a scheduled "labor holiday" at de
fense projects in the area. Never
theless, about 1500 workers picket
ed en masse at the Charleston naval
ordnance project where 400 men
have been on strike since May 23.
A strike of 600 CIO members end
ed at the Carborundum Company
plant at Niagara Falls, N.Y., upon
request of government labor con
ciliators. The National Defense Me
diation Board obtained at least a
six-day postponement of strike ac
tion among 11.000 employes of the
North American Aviation Corpora
tion's Inglewood, Cal., plant.
STRIKERS MEDIATE
The National Defense Mediation
Board assigned a new panel to the
loggers' strike at camps near Port
land, Ore. Discussions began Wed
nesday. Another NDMB panel still
was struggling with the threatened
renev/al of a work stoppage in the
soft coal fields.
At Cleveland, 0., 4000 employes at
five plants of the Aluminum Com
pany of America balloted in a CIO
strike election to support pay boost
demands. There was no strike call,
however, and company officials dis
counted the danger of a work stop
page.
President Roosevelt's unlimited
emergency proclamation was utilized
Wednesday night in an attempt to
break the 19-day strike on $500,000,-
000 worth of government shipbuild
ing orders at San Francisco ship
yards.
Sen. Harry Truman, D., Mo., asked
striking AFL and CIO machinists to
submit their dispute with 11 west
coast ship manufacturers to federal
arbitration, and return to work un
der Mr. Roosevelt's pledge that "la
bor's rights shall be respected."
Two officials of the striking AFL
union, appearing before Truman's
Senate defense committee at Wash
ington, said the arbitration plan
would be submitted to the strike
membership without recommenda
tion.
LABOR HOLIDAY
At Charleston, S.C., an estimated
G.OOO AFL union members called off
a scheduled "labor holiday" at de
fense projects in the area. Never
theless, about 1500 workers picket
ed en masse at the Charleston naval
ordnance project where 400 men
have been on strike since May 23.
A strike of 600 CIO members end
ed at the Carborundum Company
plant at Niagara Falls, N.Y., upon
request of government labor con
ciliators. The National Defense Me
diation Board obtained at least a
six-day postponement of strike ac
tion among 11.000 employes of the
North American Aviation Corpora
tion's Inglewood, Cal., plant.
STRIKERS MEDIATE
The National Defense Mediation
Board assigned a new panel to the
loggers' strike at camps near Port
land, Ore. Discussions began Wed
nesday. Another NDMB panel still
was struggling with the threatened
renev/al of a work stoppage in the
soft coal fields.
At Cleveland, 0., 4000 employes at
five plants of the Aluminum Com
pany of America balloted in a CIO
strike election to support pay boost
demands. There was no strike call,
however, and company officials dis
counted the danger of a work stop
page.
President Roosevelt's unlimited
emergency proclamation was utilized
Wednesday night in an attempt to
break the 19-day strike on $500,000,-
000 worth of government shipbuild
ing orders at San Francisco ship
yards.
Sen. Harry Truman, D., Mo., asked
striking AFL and CIO machinists to
submit their dispute with 11 west
coast ship manufacturers to federal
arbitration, and return to work un
der Mr. Roosevelt's pledge that "la
bor's rights shall be respected."
Two officials of the striking AFL
union, appearing before Truman's
Senate defense committee at Wash
ington, said the arbitration plan
would be submitted to the strike
membership without recommenda
tion.
LABOR HOLIDAY
At Charleston, S.C., an estimated
G.OOO AFL union members called off
a scheduled "labor holiday" at de
fense projects in the area. Never
theless, about 1500 workers picket
ed en masse at the Charleston naval
ordnance project where 400 men
have been on strike since May 23.
A strike of 600 CIO members end
ed at the Carborundum Company
plant at Niagara Falls, N.Y., upon
request of government labor con
ciliators. The National Defense Me
diation Board obtained at least a
six-day postponement of strike ac
tion among 11.000 employes of the
North American Aviation Corpora
tion's Inglewood, Cal., plant.
STRIKERS MEDIATE
The National Defense Mediation
Board assigned a new panel to the
loggers' strike at camps near Port
land, Ore. Discussions began Wed
nesday. Another NDMB panel still
was struggling with the threatened
renev/al of a work stoppage in the
soft coal fields.
At Cleveland, 0., 4000 employes at
five plants of the Aluminum Com
pany of America balloted in a CIO
strike election to support pay boost
demands. There was no strike call,
however, and company officials dis
counted the danger of a work stop
page.
President Roosevelt's unlimited
emergency proclamation was utilized
Wednesday night in an attempt to
break the 19-day strike on $500,000,-
000 worth of government shipbuild
ing orders at San Francisco ship
yards.
Sen. Harry Truman, D., Mo., asked
striking AFL and CIO machinists to
submit their dispute with 11 west
coast ship manufacturers to federal
arbitration, and return to work un
der Mr. Roosevelt's pledge that "la
bor's rights shall be respected."
Two officials of the striking AFL
union, appearing before Truman's
Senate defense committee at Wash
ington, said the arbitration plan
would be submitted to the strike
membership without recommenda
tion.
LABOR HOLIDAY
At Charleston, S.C., an estimated
G.OOO AFL union members called off
a scheduled "labor holiday" at de
fense projects in the area. Never
theless, about 1500 workers picket
ed en masse at the Charleston naval
ordnance project where 400 men
have been on strike since May 23.
A strike of 600 CIO members end
ed at the Carborundum Company
plant at Niagara Falls, N.Y., upon
request of government labor con
ciliators. The National Defense Me
diation Board obtained at least a
six-day postponement of strike ac
tion among 11.000 employes of the
North American Aviation Corpora
tion's Inglewood, Cal., plant.
STRIKERS MEDIATE
The National Defense Mediation
Board assigned a new panel to the
loggers' strike at camps near Port
land, Ore. Discussions began Wed
nesday. Another NDMB panel still
was struggling with the threatened
renev/al of a work stoppage in the
soft coal fields.
At Cleveland, 0., 4000 employes at
five plants of the Aluminum Com
pany of America balloted in a CIO
strike election to support pay boost
demands. There was no strike call,
however, and company officials dis
counted the danger of a work stop
page.
President Roosevelt's unlimited
emergency proclamation was utilized
Wednesday night in an attempt to
break the 19-day strike on $500,000,-
000 worth of government shipbuild
ing orders at San Francisco ship
yards.
Sen. Harry Truman, D., Mo., asked
striking AFL and CIO machinists to
submit their dispute with 11 west
coast ship manufacturers to federal
arbitration, and return to work un
der Mr. Roosevelt's pledge that "la
bor's rights shall be respected."
Two officials of the striking AFL
union, appearing before Truman's
Senate defense committee at Wash
ington, said the arbitration plan
would be submitted to the strike
membership without recommenda
tion.
LABOR HOLIDAY
At Charleston, S.C., an estimated
G.OOO AFL union members called off
a scheduled "labor holiday" at de
fense projects in the area. Never
theless, about 1500 workers picket
ed en masse at the Charleston naval
ordnance project where 400 men
have been on strike since May 23.
A strike of 600 CIO members end
ed at the Carborundum Company
plant at Niagara Falls, N.Y., upon
request of government labor con
ciliators. The National Defense Me
diation Board obtained at least a
six-day postponement of strike ac
tion among 11.000 employes of the
North American Aviation Corpora
tion's Inglewood, Cal., plant.
STRIKERS MEDIATE
The National Defense Mediation
Board assigned a new panel to the
loggers' strike at camps near Port
land, Ore. Discussions began Wed
nesday. Another NDMB panel still
was struggling with the threatened
renev/al of a work stoppage in the
soft coal fields.
At Cleveland, 0., 4000 employes at
five plants of the Aluminum Com
pany of America balloted in a CIO
strike election to support pay boost
demands. There was no strike call,
however, and company officials dis
counted the danger of a work stop
page.
President Roosevelt's unlimited
emergency proclamation was utilized
Wednesday night in an attempt to
break the 19-day strike on $500,000,-
000 worth of government shipbuild
ing orders at San Francisco ship
yards.
Sen. Harry Truman, D., Mo., asked
striking AFL and CIO machinists to
submit their dispute with 11 west
coast ship manufacturers to federal
arbitration, and return to work un
der Mr. Roosevelt's pledge that "la
bor's rights shall be respected."
Two officials of the striking AFL
union, appearing before Truman's
Senate defense committee at Wash
ington, said the arbitration plan
would be submitted to the strike
membership without recommenda
tion.
LABOR HOLIDAY
At Charleston, S.C., an estimated
G.OOO AFL union members called off
a scheduled "labor holiday" at de
fense projects in the area. Never
theless, about 1500 workers picket
ed en masse at the Charleston naval
ordnance project where 400 men
have been on strike since May 23.
A strike of 600 CIO members end
ed at the Carborundum Company
plant at Niagara Falls, N.Y., upon
request of government labor con
ciliators. The National Defense Me
diation Board obtained at least a
six-day postponement of strike ac
tion among 11.000 employes of the
North American Aviation Corpora
tion's Inglewood, Cal., plant.
STRIKERS MEDIATE
The National Defense Mediation
Board assigned a new panel to the
loggers' strike at camps near Port
land, Ore. Discussions began Wed
nesday. Another NDMB panel still
was struggling with the threatened
renev/al of a work stoppage in the
soft coal fields.
At Cleveland, 0., 4000 employes at
five plants of the Aluminum Com
pany of America balloted in a CIO
strike election to support pay boost
demands. There was no strike call,
however, and company officials dis
counted the danger of a work stop
page.
President Roosevelt's unlimited
emergency proclamation was utilized
Wednesday night in an attempt to
break the 19-day strike on $500,000,-
000 worth of government shipbuild
ing orders at San Francisco ship
yards.
Sen. Harry Truman, D., Mo., asked
striking AFL and CIO machinists to
submit their dispute with 11 west
coast ship manufacturers to federal
arbitration, and return to work un
der Mr. Roosevelt's pledge that "la
bor's rights shall be respected."
Two officials of the striking AFL
union, appearing before Truman's
Senate defense committee at Wash
ington, said the arbitration plan
would be submitted to the strike
membership without recommenda
tion.
LABOR HOLIDAY
At Charleston, S.C., an estimated
G.OOO AFL union members called off
a scheduled "labor holiday" at de
fense projects in the area. Never
theless, about 1500 workers picket
ed en masse at the Charleston naval
ordnance project where 400 men
have been on strike since May 23.
A strike of 600 CIO members end
ed at the Carborundum Company
plant at Niagara Falls, N.Y., upon
request of government labor con
ciliators. The National Defense Me
diation Board obtained at least a
six-day postponement of strike ac
tion among 11.000 employes of the
North American Aviation Corpora
tion's Inglewood, Cal., plant.
STRIKERS MEDIATE
The National Defense Mediation
Board assigned a new panel to the
loggers' strike at camps near Port
land, Ore. Discussions began Wed
nesday. Another NDMB panel still
was struggling with the threatened
renev/al of a work stoppage in the
soft coal fields.
At Cleveland, 0., 4000 employes at
five plants of the Aluminum Com
pany of America balloted in a CIO
strike election to support pay boost
demands. There was no strike call,
however, and company officials dis
counted the danger of a work stop
page.
President Roosevelt's unlimited
emergency proclamation was utilized
Wednesday night in an attempt to
break the 19-day strike on $500,000,-
000 worth of government shipbuild
ing orders at San Francisco ship
yards.
Sen. Harry Truman, D., Mo., asked
striking AFL and CIO machinists to
submit their dispute with 11 west
coast ship manufacturers to federal
arbitration, and return to work un
der Mr. Roosevelt's pledge that "la
bor's rights shall be respected."
Two officials of the striking AFL
union, appearing before Truman's
Senate defense committee at Wash
ington, said the arbitration plan
would be submitted to the strike
membership without recommenda
tion.
LABOR HOLIDAY
At Charleston, S.C., an estimated
G.OOO AFL union members called off
a scheduled "labor holiday" at de
fense projects in the area. Never
theless, about 1500 workers picket
ed en masse at the Charleston naval
ordnance project where 400 men
have been on strike since May 23.
A strike of 600 CIO members end
ed at the Carborundum Company
plant at Niagara Falls, N.Y., upon
request of government labor con
ciliators. The National Defense Me
diation Board obtained at least a
six-day postponement of strike ac
tion among 11.000 employes of the
North American Aviation Corpora
tion's Inglewood, Cal., plant.
STRIKERS MEDIATE
The National Defense Mediation
Board assigned a new panel to the
loggers' strike at camps near Port
land, Ore. Discussions began Wed
nesday. Another NDMB panel still
was struggling with the threatened
renev/al of a work stoppage in the
soft coal fields.
At Cleveland, 0., 4000 employes at
five plants of the Aluminum Com
pany of America balloted in a CIO
strike election to support pay boost
demands. There was no strike call,
however, and company officials dis
counted the danger of a work stop
page.
President Roosevelt's unlimited
emergency proclamation was utilized
Wednesday night in an attempt to
break the 19-day strike on $500,000,-
000 worth of government shipbuild
ing orders at San Francisco ship
yards.
Sen. Harry Truman, D., Mo., asked
striking AFL and CIO machinists to
submit their dispute with 11 west
coast ship manufacturers to federal
arbitration, and return to work un
der Mr. Roosevelt's pledge that "la
bor's rights shall be respected."
Two officials of the striking AFL
union, appearing before Truman's
Senate defense committee at Wash
ington, said the arbitration plan
would be submitted to the strike
membership without recommenda
tion.
LABOR HOLIDAY
At Charleston, S.C., an estimated
G.OOO AFL union members called off
a scheduled "labor holiday" at de
fense projects in the area. Never
theless, about 1500 workers picket
ed en masse at the Charleston naval
ordnance project where 400 men
have been on strike since May 23.
A strike of 600 CIO members end
ed at the Carborundum Company
plant at Niagara Falls, N.Y., upon
request of government labor con
ciliators. The National Defense Me
diation Board obtained at least a
six-day postponement of strike ac
tion among 11.000 employes of the
North American Aviation Corpora
tion's Inglewood, Cal., plant.
STRIKERS MEDIATE
The National Defense Mediation
Board assigned a new panel to the
loggers' strike at camps near Port
land, Ore. Discussions began Wed
nesday. Another NDMB panel still
was struggling with the threatened
renev/al of a work stoppage in the
soft coal fields.
At Cleveland, 0., 4000 employes at
five plants of the Aluminum Com
pany of America balloted in a CIO
strike election to support pay boost
demands. There was no strike call,
however, and company officials dis
counted the danger of a work stop
page.
President Roosevelt's unlimited
emergency proclamation was utilized
Wednesday night in an attempt to
break the 19-day strike on $500,000,-
000 worth of government shipbuild
ing orders at San Francisco ship
yards.
Sen. Harry Truman, D., Mo., asked
striking AFL and CIO machinists to
submit their dispute with 11 west
coast ship manufacturers to federal
arbitration, and return to work un
der Mr. Roosevelt's pledge that "la
bor's rights shall be respected."
Two officials of the striking AFL
union, appearing before Truman's
Senate defense committee at Wash
ington, said the arbitration plan
would be submitted to the strike
membership without recommenda
tion.
LABOR HOLIDAY
At Charleston, S.C., an estimated
G.OOO AFL union members called off
a scheduled "labor holiday" at de
fense projects in the area. Never
theless, about 1500 workers picket
ed en masse at the Charleston naval
ordnance project where 400 men
have been on strike since May 23.
A strike of 600 CIO members end
ed at the Carborundum Company
plant at Niagara Falls, N.Y., upon
request of government labor con
ciliators. The National Defense Me
diation Board obtained at least a
six-day postponement of strike ac
tion among 11.000 employes of the
North American Aviation Corpora
tion's Inglewood, Cal., plant.
STRIKERS MEDIATE
The National Defense Mediation
Board assigned a new panel to the
loggers' strike at camps near Port
land, Ore. Discussions began Wed
nesday. Another NDMB panel still
was struggling with the threatened
renev/al of a work stoppage in the
soft coal fields.
At Cleveland, 0., 4000 employes at
five plants of the Aluminum Com
pany of America balloted in a CIO
strike election to support pay boost
demands. There was no strike call,
however, and company officials dis
counted the danger of a work stop
page.
President Roosevelt's unlimited
emergency proclamation was utilized
Wednesday night in an attempt to
break the 19-day strike on $500,000,-
000 worth of government shipbuild
ing orders at San Francisco ship
yards.
Sen. Harry Truman, D., Mo., asked
striking AFL and CIO machinists to
submit their dispute with 11 west
coast ship manufacturers to federal
arbitration, and return to work un
der Mr. Roosevelt's pledge that "la
bor's rights shall be respected."
Two officials of the striking AFL
union, appearing before Truman's
Senate defense committee at Wash
ington, said the arbitration plan
would be submitted to the strike
membership without recommenda
tion.
LABOR HOLIDAY
At Charleston, S.C., an estimated
G.OOO AFL union members called off
a scheduled "labor holiday" at de
fense projects in the area. Never
theless, about 1500 workers picket
ed en masse at the Charleston naval
ordnance project where 400 men
have been on strike since May 23.
A strike of 600 CIO members end
ed at the Carborundum Company
plant at Niagara Falls, N.Y., upon
request of government labor con
ciliators. The National Defense Me
diation Board obtained at least a
six-day postponement of strike ac
tion among 11.000 employes of the
North American Aviation Corpora
tion's Inglewood, Cal., plant.
STRIKERS MEDIATE
The National Defense Mediation
Board assigned a new panel to the
loggers' strike at camps near Port
land, Ore. Discussions began Wed
nesday. Another NDMB panel still
was struggling with the threatened
renev/al of a work stoppage in the
soft coal fields.
At Cleveland, 0., 4000 employes at
five plants of the Aluminum Com
pany of America balloted in a CIO
strike election to support pay boost
demands. There was no strike call,
however, and company officials dis
counted the danger of a work stop
page.
President Roosevelt's unlimited
emergency proclamation was utilized
Wednesday night in an attempt to
break the 19-day strike on $500,000,-
000 worth of government shipbuild
ing orders at San Francisco ship
yards.
Sen. Harry Truman, D., Mo., asked
striking AFL and CIO machinists to
submit their dispute with 11 west
coast ship manufacturers to federal
arbitration, and return to work un
der Mr. Roosevelt's pledge that "la
bor's rights shall be respected."
Two officials of the striking AFL
union, appearing before Truman's
Senate defense committee at Wash
ington, said the arbitration plan
would be submitted to the strike
membership without recommenda
tion.
LABOR HOLIDAY
At Charleston, S.C., an estimated
G.OOO AFL union members called off
a scheduled "labor holiday" at de
fense projects in the area. Never
theless, about 1500 workers picket
ed en masse at the Charleston naval
ordnance project where 400 men
have been on strike since May 23.
A strike of 600 CIO members end
ed at the Carborundum Company
plant at Niagara Falls, N.Y., upon
request of government labor con
ciliators. The National Defense Me
diation Board obtained at least a
six-day postponement of strike ac
tion among 11.000 employes of the
North American Aviation Corpora
tion's Inglewood, Cal., plant.
STRIKERS MEDIATE
The National Defense Mediation
Board assigned a new panel to the
loggers' strike at camps near Port
land, Ore. Discussions began Wed
nesday. Another NDMB panel still
was struggling with the threatened
renev/al of a work stoppage in the
soft coal fields.
At Cleveland, 0., 4000 employes at
five plants of the Aluminum Com
pany of America balloted in a CIO
strike election to support pay boost
demands. There was no strike call,
however, and company officials dis
counted the danger of a work stop
page.
President Roosevelt's unlimited
emergency proclamation was utilized
Wednesday night in an attempt to
break the 19-day strike on $500,000,-
000 worth of government shipbuild
ing orders at San Francisco ship
yards.
Sen. Harry Truman, D., Mo., asked
striking AFL and CIO machinists to
submit their dispute with 11 west
coast ship manufacturers to federal
arbitration, and return to work un
der Mr. Roosevelt's pledge that "la
bor's rights shall be respected."
Two officials of the striking AFL
union, appearing before Truman's
Senate defense committee at Wash
ington, said the arbitration plan
would be submitted to the strike
membership without recommenda
tion.
LABOR HOLIDAY
At Charleston, S.C., an estimated
G.OOO AFL union members called off
a scheduled "labor holiday" at de
fense projects in the area. Never
theless, about 1500 workers picket
ed en masse at the Charleston naval
ordnance project where 400 men
have been on strike since May 23.
A strike of 600 CIO members end
ed at the Carborundum Company
plant at Niagara Falls, N.Y., upon
request of government labor con
ciliators. The National Defense Me
diation Board obtained at least a
six-day postponement of strike ac
tion among 11.000 employes of the
North American Aviation Corpora
tion's Inglewood, Cal., plant.
STRIKERS MEDIATE
The National Defense Mediation
Board assigned a new panel to the
loggers' strike at camps near Port
land, Ore. Discussions began Wed
nesday. Another NDMB panel still
was struggling with the threatened
renev/al of a work stoppage in the
soft coal fields.
At Cleveland, 0., 4000 employes at
five plants of the Aluminum Com
pany of America balloted in a CIO
strike election to support pay boost
demands. There was no strike call,
however, and company officials dis
counted the danger of a work stop
page.
President Roosevelt's unlimited
emergency proclamation was utilized
Wednesday night in an attempt to
break the 19-day strike on $500,000,-
000 worth of government shipbuild
ing orders at San Francisco ship
yards.
Sen. Harry Truman, D., Mo., asked
striking AFL and CIO machinists to
submit their dispute with 11 west
coast ship manufacturers to federal
arbitration, and return to work un
der Mr. Roosevelt's pledge that "la
bor's rights shall be respected."
Two officials of the striking AFL
union, appearing before Truman's
Senate defense committee at Wash
ington, said the arbitration plan
would be submitted to the strike
membership without recommenda
tion.
LABOR HOLIDAY
At Charleston, S.C., an estimated
G.OOO AFL union members called off
a scheduled "labor holiday" at de
fense projects in the area. Never
theless, about 1500 workers picket
ed en masse at the Charleston naval
ordnance project where 400 men
have been on strike since May 23.
A strike of 600 CIO members end
ed at the Carborundum Company
plant at Niagara Falls, N.Y., upon
request of government labor con
ciliators. The National Defense Me
diation Board obtained at least a
six-day postponement of strike ac
tion among 11.000 employes of the
North American Aviation Corpora
tion's Inglewood, Cal., plant.
STRIKERS MEDIATE
The National Defense Mediation
Board assigned a new panel to the
loggers' strike at camps near Port
land, Ore. Discussions began Wed
nesday. Another NDMB panel still
was struggling with the threatened
renev/al of a work stoppage in the
soft coal fields.
At Cleveland, 0., 4000 employes at
five plants of the Aluminum Com
pany of America balloted in a CIO
strike election to support pay boost
demands. There was no strike call,
however, and company officials dis
counted the danger of a work stop
page.
