# MILITARY DRILL FOR OLIVER
## 
### 

LAWSON LITTLE, left, and Gene Sarazen, center, top-flight golfers,
stage a military drill with golf clubs for Ed Oliver, who is in the
army now. The trio played in the Goodall round robin tournament at
Flushing, N.Y.

LAWSON LITTLE, left, and Gene Sarazen, center, top-flight golfers,
stage a military drill with golf clubs for Ed Oliver, who is in the
army now. The trio played in the Goodall round robin tournament at
Flushing, N.Y.

LAWSON LITTLE, left, and Gene Sarazen, center, top-flight golfers,
stage a military drill with golf clubs for Ed Oliver, who is in the
army now. The trio played in the Goodall round robin tournament at
Flushing, N.Y.

LAWSON LITTLE, left, and Gene Sarazen, center, top-flight golfers,
stage a military drill with golf clubs for Ed Oliver, who is in the
army now. The trio played in the Goodall round robin tournament at
Flushing, N.Y.

LAWSON LITTLE, left, and Gene Sarazen, center, top-flight golfers,
stage a military drill with golf clubs for Ed Oliver, who is in the
army now. The trio played in the Goodall round robin tournament at
Flushing, N.Y.

LAWSON LITTLE, left, and Gene Sarazen, center, top-flight golfers,
stage a military drill with golf clubs for Ed Oliver, who is in the
army now. The trio played in the Goodall round robin tournament at
Flushing, N.Y.

LAWSON LITTLE, left, and Gene Sarazen, center, top-flight golfers,
stage a military drill with golf clubs for Ed Oliver, who is in the
army now. The trio played in the Goodall round robin tournament at
Flushing, N.Y.

LAWSON LITTLE, left, and Gene Sarazen, center, top-flight golfers,
stage a military drill with golf clubs for Ed Oliver, who is in the
army now. The trio played in the Goodall round robin tournament at
Flushing, N.Y.

LAWSON LITTLE, left, and Gene Sarazen, center, top-flight golfers,
stage a military drill with golf clubs for Ed Oliver, who is in the
army now. The trio played in the Goodall round robin tournament at
Flushing, N.Y.

LAWSON LITTLE, left, and Gene Sarazen, center, top-flight golfers,
stage a military drill with golf clubs for Ed Oliver, who is in the
army now. The trio played in the Goodall round robin tournament at
Flushing, N.Y.

LAWSON LITTLE, left, and Gene Sarazen, center, top-flight golfers,
stage a military drill with golf clubs for Ed Oliver, who is in the
army now. The trio played in the Goodall round robin tournament at
Flushing, N.Y.

LAWSON LITTLE, left, and Gene Sarazen, center, top-flight golfers,
stage a military drill with golf clubs for Ed Oliver, who is in the
army now. The trio played in the Goodall round robin tournament at
Flushing, N.Y.

LAWSON LITTLE, left, and Gene Sarazen, center, top-flight golfers,
stage a military drill with golf clubs for Ed Oliver, who is in the
army now. The trio played in the Goodall round robin tournament at
Flushing, N.Y.

LAWSON LITTLE, left, and Gene Sarazen, center, top-flight golfers,
stage a military drill with golf clubs for Ed Oliver, who is in the
army now. The trio played in the Goodall round robin tournament at
Flushing, N.Y.

LAWSON LITTLE, left, and Gene Sarazen, center, top-flight golfers,
stage a military drill with golf clubs for Ed Oliver, who is in the
army now. The trio played in the Goodall round robin tournament at
Flushing, N.Y.

LAWSON LITTLE, left, and Gene Sarazen, center, top-flight golfers,
stage a military drill with golf clubs for Ed Oliver, who is in the
army now. The trio played in the Goodall round robin tournament at
Flushing, N.Y.

LAWSON LITTLE, left, and Gene Sarazen, center, top-flight golfers,
stage a military drill with golf clubs for Ed Oliver, who is in the
army now. The trio played in the Goodall round robin tournament at
Flushing, N.Y.

LAWSON LITTLE, left, and Gene Sarazen, center, top-flight golfers,
stage a military drill with golf clubs for Ed Oliver, who is in the
army now. The trio played in the Goodall round robin tournament at
Flushing, N.Y.
