# WAR HAS NEW THEATER IN CRETE
## 
### 

THIS IS A VIEW of Canea, Crete, on Sunda Bay. where fierce lighting raged as Germans attempted to gain
foothold on the strategic island. The skies nearby were reported filled with German planes, gliders, and
transports, but British and Greeks fought valiantly. »

THIS IS A VIEW of Canea, Crete, on Sunda Bay. where fierce lighting raged as Germans attempted to gain
foothold on the strategic island. The skies nearby were reported filled with German planes, gliders, and
transports, but British and Greeks fought valiantly. »

THIS IS A VIEW of Canea, Crete, on Sunda Bay. where fierce lighting raged as Germans attempted to gain
foothold on the strategic island. The skies nearby were reported filled with German planes, gliders, and
transports, but British and Greeks fought valiantly. »

THIS IS A VIEW of Canea, Crete, on Sunda Bay. where fierce lighting raged as Germans attempted to gain
foothold on the strategic island. The skies nearby were reported filled with German planes, gliders, and
transports, but British and Greeks fought valiantly. »

THIS IS A VIEW of Canea, Crete, on Sunda Bay. where fierce lighting raged as Germans attempted to gain
foothold on the strategic island. The skies nearby were reported filled with German planes, gliders, and
transports, but British and Greeks fought valiantly. »

THIS IS A VIEW of Canea, Crete, on Sunda Bay. where fierce lighting raged as Germans attempted to gain
foothold on the strategic island. The skies nearby were reported filled with German planes, gliders, and
transports, but British and Greeks fought valiantly. »

THIS IS A VIEW of Canea, Crete, on Sunda Bay. where fierce lighting raged as Germans attempted to gain
foothold on the strategic island. The skies nearby were reported filled with German planes, gliders, and
transports, but British and Greeks fought valiantly. »

THIS IS A VIEW of Canea, Crete, on Sunda Bay. where fierce lighting raged as Germans attempted to gain
foothold on the strategic island. The skies nearby were reported filled with German planes, gliders, and
transports, but British and Greeks fought valiantly. »

THIS IS A VIEW of Canea, Crete, on Sunda Bay. where fierce lighting raged as Germans attempted to gain
foothold on the strategic island. The skies nearby were reported filled with German planes, gliders, and
transports, but British and Greeks fought valiantly. »

THIS IS A VIEW of Canea, Crete, on Sunda Bay. where fierce lighting raged as Germans attempted to gain
foothold on the strategic island. The skies nearby were reported filled with German planes, gliders, and
transports, but British and Greeks fought valiantly. »

THIS IS A VIEW of Canea, Crete, on Sunda Bay. where fierce lighting raged as Germans attempted to gain
foothold on the strategic island. The skies nearby were reported filled with German planes, gliders, and
transports, but British and Greeks fought valiantly. »

THIS IS A VIEW of Canea, Crete, on Sunda Bay. where fierce lighting raged as Germans attempted to gain
foothold on the strategic island. The skies nearby were reported filled with German planes, gliders, and
transports, but British and Greeks fought valiantly. »

THIS IS A VIEW of Canea, Crete, on Sunda Bay. where fierce lighting raged as Germans attempted to gain
foothold on the strategic island. The skies nearby were reported filled with German planes, gliders, and
transports, but British and Greeks fought valiantly. »

THIS IS A VIEW of Canea, Crete, on Sunda Bay. where fierce lighting raged as Germans attempted to gain
foothold on the strategic island. The skies nearby were reported filled with German planes, gliders, and
transports, but British and Greeks fought valiantly. »

THIS IS A VIEW of Canea, Crete, on Sunda Bay. where fierce lighting raged as Germans attempted to gain
foothold on the strategic island. The skies nearby were reported filled with German planes, gliders, and
transports, but British and Greeks fought valiantly. »

THIS IS A VIEW of Canea, Crete, on Sunda Bay. where fierce lighting raged as Germans attempted to gain
foothold on the strategic island. The skies nearby were reported filled with German planes, gliders, and
transports, but British and Greeks fought valiantly. »

THIS IS A VIEW of Canea, Crete, on Sunda Bay. where fierce lighting raged as Germans attempted to gain
foothold on the strategic island. The skies nearby were reported filled with German planes, gliders, and
transports, but British and Greeks fought valiantly. »

THIS IS A VIEW of Canea, Crete, on Sunda Bay. where fierce lighting raged as Germans attempted to gain
foothold on the strategic island. The skies nearby were reported filled with German planes, gliders, and
transports, but British and Greeks fought valiantly. »
