# Sports shorts
## 
### 
Men's golf
Despite an eighth-place
finish at the Pacific 10 Con
ference championships,
Stanford golfers still head
line the All-Pac-10 squads.
Cardinal star Tiger
Woods, the only freshman
to be honored, was selected
Golfer of the Year. Woods,
who averaged 71.8 in tour
nament plays and posted
three wins and seven top
-10 finishes, was joined by
senior Notah Begay 111 on
the first team.
Conference coaches also
selected seniors Casey Mar
tin and William Yanagisawa
to the six-man second team.
Stanford's four golfers
led all schools, as confer
ence champion Arizona
State followed with three
(plus two honorable men
tion selections).
Sailing
The Stanford women
have qualified for the
national championship on
May 26-28, the Intercolle
giate Yacht Racing Associa
tion announced last Thurs
day.
The Cardinal will join 15
other squads at the Navy
Yacht Club in Coronado,
Calif. A young contingent
of three juniors, a sopho
more and two freshmen is
expected to represent Stan
ford.
