# NEWS DIGEST
## from The Associated Press Recovery Edifice 
### 
In his third nation-wide radio ad
dress last night, F.R. explained how
the Recovery Edifice was being con
structed, reviewed the erection of
each pillar, hoped the temple would
be the habitation of a sound eco
nomic life. Other highlights of the
speech were: round condemnation of
NRA "chiselers," assurances given
embattled farmers that if farm
prices could not be raised "one way,
we will do it another"; promise of
a maintenance of U.S. credit and a
sound currency.
In his third nation-wide radio ad
dress last night, F.R. explained how
the Recovery Edifice was being con
structed, reviewed the erection of
each pillar, hoped the temple would
be the habitation of a sound eco
nomic life. Other highlights of the
speech were: round condemnation of
NRA "chiselers," assurances given
embattled farmers that if farm
prices could not be raised "one way,
we will do it another"; promise of
a maintenance of U.S. credit and a
sound currency.
In his third nation-wide radio ad
dress last night, F.R. explained how
the Recovery Edifice was being con
structed, reviewed the erection of
each pillar, hoped the temple would
be the habitation of a sound eco
nomic life. Other highlights of the
speech were: round condemnation of
NRA "chiselers," assurances given
embattled farmers that if farm
prices could not be raised "one way,
we will do it another"; promise of
a maintenance of U.S. credit and a
sound currency.
In his third nation-wide radio ad
dress last night, F.R. explained how
the Recovery Edifice was being con
structed, reviewed the erection of
each pillar, hoped the temple would
be the habitation of a sound eco
nomic life. Other highlights of the
speech were: round condemnation of
NRA "chiselers," assurances given
embattled farmers that if farm
prices could not be raised "one way,
we will do it another"; promise of
a maintenance of U.S. credit and a
sound currency.
In his third nation-wide radio ad
dress last night, F.R. explained how
the Recovery Edifice was being con
structed, reviewed the erection of
each pillar, hoped the temple would
be the habitation of a sound eco
nomic life. Other highlights of the
speech were: round condemnation of
NRA "chiselers," assurances given
embattled farmers that if farm
prices could not be raised "one way,
we will do it another"; promise of
a maintenance of U.S. credit and a
sound currency.
In his third nation-wide radio ad
dress last night, F.R. explained how
the Recovery Edifice was being con
structed, reviewed the erection of
each pillar, hoped the temple would
be the habitation of a sound eco
nomic life. Other highlights of the
speech were: round condemnation of
NRA "chiselers," assurances given
embattled farmers that if farm
prices could not be raised "one way,
we will do it another"; promise of
a maintenance of U.S. credit and a
sound currency.
In his third nation-wide radio ad
dress last night, F.R. explained how
the Recovery Edifice was being con
structed, reviewed the erection of
each pillar, hoped the temple would
be the habitation of a sound eco
nomic life. Other highlights of the
speech were: round condemnation of
NRA "chiselers," assurances given
embattled farmers that if farm
prices could not be raised "one way,
we will do it another"; promise of
a maintenance of U.S. credit and a
sound currency.
In his third nation-wide radio ad
dress last night, F.R. explained how
the Recovery Edifice was being con
structed, reviewed the erection of
each pillar, hoped the temple would
be the habitation of a sound eco
nomic life. Other highlights of the
speech were: round condemnation of
NRA "chiselers," assurances given
embattled farmers that if farm
prices could not be raised "one way,
we will do it another"; promise of
a maintenance of U.S. credit and a
sound currency.
In his third nation-wide radio ad
dress last night, F.R. explained how
the Recovery Edifice was being con
structed, reviewed the erection of
each pillar, hoped the temple would
be the habitation of a sound eco
nomic life. Other highlights of the
speech were: round condemnation of
NRA "chiselers," assurances given
embattled farmers that if farm
prices could not be raised "one way,
we will do it another"; promise of
a maintenance of U.S. credit and a
sound currency.
In his third nation-wide radio ad
dress last night, F.R. explained how
the Recovery Edifice was being con
structed, reviewed the erection of
each pillar, hoped the temple would
be the habitation of a sound eco
nomic life. Other highlights of the
speech were: round condemnation of
NRA "chiselers," assurances given
embattled farmers that if farm
prices could not be raised "one way,
we will do it another"; promise of
a maintenance of U.S. credit and a
sound currency.
In his third nation-wide radio ad
dress last night, F.R. explained how
the Recovery Edifice was being con
structed, reviewed the erection of
each pillar, hoped the temple would
be the habitation of a sound eco
nomic life. Other highlights of the
speech were: round condemnation of
NRA "chiselers," assurances given
embattled farmers that if farm
prices could not be raised "one way,
we will do it another"; promise of
a maintenance of U.S. credit and a
sound currency.
In his third nation-wide radio ad
dress last night, F.R. explained how
the Recovery Edifice was being con
structed, reviewed the erection of
each pillar, hoped the temple would
be the habitation of a sound eco
nomic life. Other highlights of the
speech were: round condemnation of
NRA "chiselers," assurances given
embattled farmers that if farm
prices could not be raised "one way,
we will do it another"; promise of
a maintenance of U.S. credit and a
sound currency.
In his third nation-wide radio ad
dress last night, F.R. explained how
the Recovery Edifice was being con
structed, reviewed the erection of
each pillar, hoped the temple would
be the habitation of a sound eco
nomic life. Other highlights of the
speech were: round condemnation of
NRA "chiselers," assurances given
embattled farmers that if farm
prices could not be raised "one way,
we will do it another"; promise of
a maintenance of U.S. credit and a
sound currency.
In his third nation-wide radio ad
dress last night, F.R. explained how
the Recovery Edifice was being con
structed, reviewed the erection of
each pillar, hoped the temple would
be the habitation of a sound eco
nomic life. Other highlights of the
speech were: round condemnation of
NRA "chiselers," assurances given
embattled farmers that if farm
prices could not be raised "one way,
we will do it another"; promise of
a maintenance of U.S. credit and a
sound currency.
In his third nation-wide radio ad
dress last night, F.R. explained how
the Recovery Edifice was being con
structed, reviewed the erection of
each pillar, hoped the temple would
be the habitation of a sound eco
nomic life. Other highlights of the
speech were: round condemnation of
NRA "chiselers," assurances given
embattled farmers that if farm
prices could not be raised "one way,
we will do it another"; promise of
a maintenance of U.S. credit and a
sound currency.
