# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
A mid-quarter surprise was the
engagement of Louise Hudson, Pi
Beta Phi, and Richard Gould, Al
pha D<-lta Phi, announced last Sat
urday night at tfie Pi Phi house.
A mid-quarter surprise was the
engagement of Louise Hudson, Pi
Beta Phi, and Richard Gould, Al
pha D<-lta Phi, announced last Sat
urday night at tfie Pi Phi house.
A mid-quarter surprise was the
engagement of Louise Hudson, Pi
Beta Phi, and Richard Gould, Al
pha D<-lta Phi, announced last Sat
urday night at tfie Pi Phi house.
A mid-quarter surprise was the
engagement of Louise Hudson, Pi
Beta Phi, and Richard Gould, Al
pha D<-lta Phi, announced last Sat
urday night at tfie Pi Phi house.
A mid-quarter surprise was the
engagement of Louise Hudson, Pi
Beta Phi, and Richard Gould, Al
pha D<-lta Phi, announced last Sat
urday night at tfie Pi Phi house.
A mid-quarter surprise was the
engagement of Louise Hudson, Pi
Beta Phi, and Richard Gould, Al
pha D<-lta Phi, announced last Sat
urday night at tfie Pi Phi house.
A mid-quarter surprise was the
engagement of Louise Hudson, Pi
Beta Phi, and Richard Gould, Al
pha D<-lta Phi, announced last Sat
urday night at tfie Pi Phi house.
A mid-quarter surprise was the
engagement of Louise Hudson, Pi
Beta Phi, and Richard Gould, Al
pha D<-lta Phi, announced last Sat
urday night at tfie Pi Phi house.
A mid-quarter surprise was the
engagement of Louise Hudson, Pi
Beta Phi, and Richard Gould, Al
pha D<-lta Phi, announced last Sat
urday night at tfie Pi Phi house.
A mid-quarter surprise was the
engagement of Louise Hudson, Pi
Beta Phi, and Richard Gould, Al
pha D<-lta Phi, announced last Sat
urday night at tfie Pi Phi house.
A mid-quarter surprise was the
engagement of Louise Hudson, Pi
Beta Phi, and Richard Gould, Al
pha D<-lta Phi, announced last Sat
urday night at tfie Pi Phi house.
A mid-quarter surprise was the
engagement of Louise Hudson, Pi
Beta Phi, and Richard Gould, Al
pha D<-lta Phi, announced last Sat
urday night at tfie Pi Phi house.
A mid-quarter surprise was the
engagement of Louise Hudson, Pi
Beta Phi, and Richard Gould, Al
pha D<-lta Phi, announced last Sat
urday night at tfie Pi Phi house.
A mid-quarter surprise was the
engagement of Louise Hudson, Pi
Beta Phi, and Richard Gould, Al
pha D<-lta Phi, announced last Sat
urday night at tfie Pi Phi house.
A mid-quarter surprise was the
engagement of Louise Hudson, Pi
Beta Phi, and Richard Gould, Al
pha D<-lta Phi, announced last Sat
urday night at tfie Pi Phi house.
