# Branner Carnival and junior Dinner-Dance
## 
### 
Two all campus events scheduled for tomorrow
night are the annual Branner ( arnival and the.
junior class dinner-danee. Carnival chairman
Linda Markwett and Head Yell Leader Rill Duke
look over the k*bft s donated by local merchants
which will he auctioned off by Duke at the Bran
ner Carnival. Among; the contributions are a
sterling- silver cigarette case and a white cash
mere sweater. The carnival will be held from H
p.m. to 12:30 a.m. Dates with campus person
alities will also he auctioned off by Duke, Pro
ceeds will go to the Branner Scholarship Fund.
On the right, "Lucy" ami "Violet" are discussing

their dates for the junior dinner-dance: "Schroe
der" and "Pigpen." But "Charlie Brown" thinks
they are talking about him. The event will be
held at the Adobe Creek Lodge. Dinner will
start at 7 p.m. and the Adobe Creek Lodge band
wiil play until 2 a.m. Entertainment will be pro
vided by foiksinger Leon White who also does
Elvis Presley imitations. Tickets will continue
being sold on Engineering Corner today. A
stuffed "Charlie lirown" doll will be auctioned
otf at the dance. The theme of the dance, inci
dentally, is "Peanuts."
—Daily Photos by Larry Lynch

Two all campus events scheduled for tomorrow
night are the annual Branner ( arnival and the.
junior class dinner-danee. Carnival chairman
Linda Markwett and Head Yell Leader Rill Duke
look over the k*bft s donated by local merchants
which will he auctioned off by Duke at the Bran
ner Carnival. Among; the contributions are a
sterling- silver cigarette case and a white cash
mere sweater. The carnival will be held from H
p.m. to 12:30 a.m. Dates with campus person
alities will also he auctioned off by Duke, Pro
ceeds will go to the Branner Scholarship Fund.
On the right, "Lucy" ami "Violet" are discussing

their dates for the junior dinner-dance: "Schroe
der" and "Pigpen." But "Charlie Brown" thinks
they are talking about him. The event will be
held at the Adobe Creek Lodge. Dinner will
start at 7 p.m. and the Adobe Creek Lodge band
wiil play until 2 a.m. Entertainment will be pro
vided by foiksinger Leon White who also does
Elvis Presley imitations. Tickets will continue
being sold on Engineering Corner today. A
stuffed "Charlie lirown" doll will be auctioned
otf at the dance. The theme of the dance, inci
dentally, is "Peanuts."
—Daily Photos by Larry Lynch

Two all campus events scheduled for tomorrow
night are the annual Branner ( arnival and the.
junior class dinner-danee. Carnival chairman
Linda Markwett and Head Yell Leader Rill Duke
look over the k*bft s donated by local merchants
which will he auctioned off by Duke at the Bran
ner Carnival. Among; the contributions are a
sterling- silver cigarette case and a white cash
mere sweater. The carnival will be held from H
p.m. to 12:30 a.m. Dates with campus person
alities will also he auctioned off by Duke, Pro
ceeds will go to the Branner Scholarship Fund.
On the right, "Lucy" ami "Violet" are discussing

their dates for the junior dinner-dance: "Schroe
der" and "Pigpen." But "Charlie Brown" thinks
they are talking about him. The event will be
held at the Adobe Creek Lodge. Dinner will
start at 7 p.m. and the Adobe Creek Lodge band
wiil play until 2 a.m. Entertainment will be pro
vided by foiksinger Leon White who also does
Elvis Presley imitations. Tickets will continue
being sold on Engineering Corner today. A
stuffed "Charlie lirown" doll will be auctioned
otf at the dance. The theme of the dance, inci
dentally, is "Peanuts."
—Daily Photos by Larry Lynch

Two all campus events scheduled for tomorrow
night are the annual Branner ( arnival and the.
junior class dinner-danee. Carnival chairman
Linda Markwett and Head Yell Leader Rill Duke
look over the k*bft s donated by local merchants
which will he auctioned off by Duke at the Bran
ner Carnival. Among; the contributions are a
sterling- silver cigarette case and a white cash
mere sweater. The carnival will be held from H
p.m. to 12:30 a.m. Dates with campus person
alities will also he auctioned off by Duke, Pro
ceeds will go to the Branner Scholarship Fund.
On the right, "Lucy" ami "Violet" are discussing

their dates for the junior dinner-dance: "Schroe
der" and "Pigpen." But "Charlie Brown" thinks
they are talking about him. The event will be
held at the Adobe Creek Lodge. Dinner will
start at 7 p.m. and the Adobe Creek Lodge band
wiil play until 2 a.m. Entertainment will be pro
vided by foiksinger Leon White who also does
Elvis Presley imitations. Tickets will continue
being sold on Engineering Corner today. A
stuffed "Charlie lirown" doll will be auctioned
otf at the dance. The theme of the dance, inci
dentally, is "Peanuts."
—Daily Photos by Larry Lynch

Two all campus events scheduled for tomorrow
night are the annual Branner ( arnival and the.
junior class dinner-danee. Carnival chairman
Linda Markwett and Head Yell Leader Rill Duke
look over the k*bft s donated by local merchants
which will he auctioned off by Duke at the Bran
ner Carnival. Among; the contributions are a
sterling- silver cigarette case and a white cash
mere sweater. The carnival will be held from H
p.m. to 12:30 a.m. Dates with campus person
alities will also he auctioned off by Duke, Pro
ceeds will go to the Branner Scholarship Fund.
On the right, "Lucy" ami "Violet" are discussing

their dates for the junior dinner-dance: "Schroe
der" and "Pigpen." But "Charlie Brown" thinks
they are talking about him. The event will be
held at the Adobe Creek Lodge. Dinner will
start at 7 p.m. and the Adobe Creek Lodge band
wiil play until 2 a.m. Entertainment will be pro
vided by foiksinger Leon White who also does
Elvis Presley imitations. Tickets will continue
being sold on Engineering Corner today. A
stuffed "Charlie lirown" doll will be auctioned
otf at the dance. The theme of the dance, inci
dentally, is "Peanuts."
—Daily Photos by Larry Lynch

Two all campus events scheduled for tomorrow
night are the annual Branner ( arnival and the.
junior class dinner-danee. Carnival chairman
Linda Markwett and Head Yell Leader Rill Duke
look over the k*bft s donated by local merchants
which will he auctioned off by Duke at the Bran
ner Carnival. Among; the contributions are a
sterling- silver cigarette case and a white cash
mere sweater. The carnival will be held from H
p.m. to 12:30 a.m. Dates with campus person
alities will also he auctioned off by Duke, Pro
ceeds will go to the Branner Scholarship Fund.
On the right, "Lucy" ami "Violet" are discussing

their dates for the junior dinner-dance: "Schroe
der" and "Pigpen." But "Charlie Brown" thinks
they are talking about him. The event will be
held at the Adobe Creek Lodge. Dinner will
start at 7 p.m. and the Adobe Creek Lodge band
wiil play until 2 a.m. Entertainment will be pro
vided by foiksinger Leon White who also does
Elvis Presley imitations. Tickets will continue
being sold on Engineering Corner today. A
stuffed "Charlie lirown" doll will be auctioned
otf at the dance. The theme of the dance, inci
dentally, is "Peanuts."
—Daily Photos by Larry Lynch

Two all campus events scheduled for tomorrow
night are the annual Branner ( arnival and the.
junior class dinner-danee. Carnival chairman
Linda Markwett and Head Yell Leader Rill Duke
look over the k*bft s donated by local merchants
which will he auctioned off by Duke at the Bran
ner Carnival. Among; the contributions are a
sterling- silver cigarette case and a white cash
mere sweater. The carnival will be held from H
p.m. to 12:30 a.m. Dates with campus person
alities will also he auctioned off by Duke, Pro
ceeds will go to the Branner Scholarship Fund.
On the right, "Lucy" ami "Violet" are discussing

their dates for the junior dinner-dance: "Schroe
der" and "Pigpen." But "Charlie Brown" thinks
they are talking about him. The event will be
held at the Adobe Creek Lodge. Dinner will
start at 7 p.m. and the Adobe Creek Lodge band
wiil play until 2 a.m. Entertainment will be pro
vided by foiksinger Leon White who also does
Elvis Presley imitations. Tickets will continue
being sold on Engineering Corner today. A
stuffed "Charlie lirown" doll will be auctioned
otf at the dance. The theme of the dance, inci
dentally, is "Peanuts."
—Daily Photos by Larry Lynch

Two all campus events scheduled for tomorrow
night are the annual Branner ( arnival and the.
junior class dinner-danee. Carnival chairman
Linda Markwett and Head Yell Leader Rill Duke
look over the k*bft s donated by local merchants
which will he auctioned off by Duke at the Bran
ner Carnival. Among; the contributions are a
sterling- silver cigarette case and a white cash
mere sweater. The carnival will be held from H
p.m. to 12:30 a.m. Dates with campus person
alities will also he auctioned off by Duke, Pro
ceeds will go to the Branner Scholarship Fund.
On the right, "Lucy" ami "Violet" are discussing

their dates for the junior dinner-dance: "Schroe
der" and "Pigpen." But "Charlie Brown" thinks
they are talking about him. The event will be
held at the Adobe Creek Lodge. Dinner will
start at 7 p.m. and the Adobe Creek Lodge band
wiil play until 2 a.m. Entertainment will be pro
vided by foiksinger Leon White who also does
Elvis Presley imitations. Tickets will continue
being sold on Engineering Corner today. A
stuffed "Charlie lirown" doll will be auctioned
otf at the dance. The theme of the dance, inci
dentally, is "Peanuts."
—Daily Photos by Larry Lynch

Two all campus events scheduled for tomorrow
night are the annual Branner ( arnival and the.
junior class dinner-danee. Carnival chairman
Linda Markwett and Head Yell Leader Rill Duke
look over the k*bft s donated by local merchants
which will he auctioned off by Duke at the Bran
ner Carnival. Among; the contributions are a
sterling- silver cigarette case and a white cash
mere sweater. The carnival will be held from H
p.m. to 12:30 a.m. Dates with campus person
alities will also he auctioned off by Duke, Pro
ceeds will go to the Branner Scholarship Fund.
On the right, "Lucy" ami "Violet" are discussing

their dates for the junior dinner-dance: "Schroe
der" and "Pigpen." But "Charlie Brown" thinks
they are talking about him. The event will be
held at the Adobe Creek Lodge. Dinner will
start at 7 p.m. and the Adobe Creek Lodge band
wiil play until 2 a.m. Entertainment will be pro
vided by foiksinger Leon White who also does
Elvis Presley imitations. Tickets will continue
being sold on Engineering Corner today. A
stuffed "Charlie lirown" doll will be auctioned
otf at the dance. The theme of the dance, inci
dentally, is "Peanuts."
—Daily Photos by Larry Lynch

Two all campus events scheduled for tomorrow
night are the annual Branner ( arnival and the.
junior class dinner-danee. Carnival chairman
Linda Markwett and Head Yell Leader Rill Duke
look over the k*bft s donated by local merchants
which will he auctioned off by Duke at the Bran
ner Carnival. Among; the contributions are a
sterling- silver cigarette case and a white cash
mere sweater. The carnival will be held from H
p.m. to 12:30 a.m. Dates with campus person
alities will also he auctioned off by Duke, Pro
ceeds will go to the Branner Scholarship Fund.
On the right, "Lucy" ami "Violet" are discussing

their dates for the junior dinner-dance: "Schroe
der" and "Pigpen." But "Charlie Brown" thinks
they are talking about him. The event will be
held at the Adobe Creek Lodge. Dinner will
start at 7 p.m. and the Adobe Creek Lodge band
wiil play until 2 a.m. Entertainment will be pro
vided by foiksinger Leon White who also does
Elvis Presley imitations. Tickets will continue
being sold on Engineering Corner today. A
stuffed "Charlie lirown" doll will be auctioned
otf at the dance. The theme of the dance, inci
dentally, is "Peanuts."
—Daily Photos by Larry Lynch

Two all campus events scheduled for tomorrow
night are the annual Branner ( arnival and the.
junior class dinner-danee. Carnival chairman
Linda Markwett and Head Yell Leader Rill Duke
look over the k*bft s donated by local merchants
which will he auctioned off by Duke at the Bran
ner Carnival. Among; the contributions are a
sterling- silver cigarette case and a white cash
mere sweater. The carnival will be held from H
p.m. to 12:30 a.m. Dates with campus person
alities will also he auctioned off by Duke, Pro
ceeds will go to the Branner Scholarship Fund.
On the right, "Lucy" ami "Violet" are discussing

their dates for the junior dinner-dance: "Schroe
der" and "Pigpen." But "Charlie Brown" thinks
they are talking about him. The event will be
held at the Adobe Creek Lodge. Dinner will
start at 7 p.m. and the Adobe Creek Lodge band
wiil play until 2 a.m. Entertainment will be pro
vided by foiksinger Leon White who also does
Elvis Presley imitations. Tickets will continue
being sold on Engineering Corner today. A
stuffed "Charlie lirown" doll will be auctioned
otf at the dance. The theme of the dance, inci
dentally, is "Peanuts."
—Daily Photos by Larry Lynch

Two all campus events scheduled for tomorrow
night are the annual Branner ( arnival and the.
junior class dinner-danee. Carnival chairman
Linda Markwett and Head Yell Leader Rill Duke
look over the k*bft s donated by local merchants
which will he auctioned off by Duke at the Bran
ner Carnival. Among; the contributions are a
sterling- silver cigarette case and a white cash
mere sweater. The carnival will be held from H
p.m. to 12:30 a.m. Dates with campus person
alities will also he auctioned off by Duke, Pro
ceeds will go to the Branner Scholarship Fund.
On the right, "Lucy" ami "Violet" are discussing

their dates for the junior dinner-dance: "Schroe
der" and "Pigpen." But "Charlie Brown" thinks
they are talking about him. The event will be
held at the Adobe Creek Lodge. Dinner will
start at 7 p.m. and the Adobe Creek Lodge band
wiil play until 2 a.m. Entertainment will be pro
vided by foiksinger Leon White who also does
Elvis Presley imitations. Tickets will continue
being sold on Engineering Corner today. A
stuffed "Charlie lirown" doll will be auctioned
otf at the dance. The theme of the dance, inci
dentally, is "Peanuts."
—Daily Photos by Larry Lynch

Two all campus events scheduled for tomorrow
night are the annual Branner ( arnival and the.
junior class dinner-danee. Carnival chairman
Linda Markwett and Head Yell Leader Rill Duke
look over the k*bft s donated by local merchants
which will he auctioned off by Duke at the Bran
ner Carnival. Among; the contributions are a
sterling- silver cigarette case and a white cash
mere sweater. The carnival will be held from H
p.m. to 12:30 a.m. Dates with campus person
alities will also he auctioned off by Duke, Pro
ceeds will go to the Branner Scholarship Fund.
On the right, "Lucy" ami "Violet" are discussing

their dates for the junior dinner-dance: "Schroe
der" and "Pigpen." But "Charlie Brown" thinks
they are talking about him. The event will be
held at the Adobe Creek Lodge. Dinner will
start at 7 p.m. and the Adobe Creek Lodge band
wiil play until 2 a.m. Entertainment will be pro
vided by foiksinger Leon White who also does
Elvis Presley imitations. Tickets will continue
being sold on Engineering Corner today. A
stuffed "Charlie lirown" doll will be auctioned
otf at the dance. The theme of the dance, inci
dentally, is "Peanuts."
—Daily Photos by Larry Lynch

Two all campus events scheduled for tomorrow
night are the annual Branner ( arnival and the.
junior class dinner-danee. Carnival chairman
Linda Markwett and Head Yell Leader Rill Duke
look over the k*bft s donated by local merchants
which will he auctioned off by Duke at the Bran
ner Carnival. Among; the contributions are a
sterling- silver cigarette case and a white cash
mere sweater. The carnival will be held from H
p.m. to 12:30 a.m. Dates with campus person
alities will also he auctioned off by Duke, Pro
ceeds will go to the Branner Scholarship Fund.
On the right, "Lucy" ami "Violet" are discussing

their dates for the junior dinner-dance: "Schroe
der" and "Pigpen." But "Charlie Brown" thinks
they are talking about him. The event will be
held at the Adobe Creek Lodge. Dinner will
start at 7 p.m. and the Adobe Creek Lodge band
wiil play until 2 a.m. Entertainment will be pro
vided by foiksinger Leon White who also does
Elvis Presley imitations. Tickets will continue
being sold on Engineering Corner today. A
stuffed "Charlie lirown" doll will be auctioned
otf at the dance. The theme of the dance, inci
dentally, is "Peanuts."
—Daily Photos by Larry Lynch

Two all campus events scheduled for tomorrow
night are the annual Branner ( arnival and the.
junior class dinner-danee. Carnival chairman
Linda Markwett and Head Yell Leader Rill Duke
look over the k*bft s donated by local merchants
which will he auctioned off by Duke at the Bran
ner Carnival. Among; the contributions are a
sterling- silver cigarette case and a white cash
mere sweater. The carnival will be held from H
p.m. to 12:30 a.m. Dates with campus person
alities will also he auctioned off by Duke, Pro
ceeds will go to the Branner Scholarship Fund.
On the right, "Lucy" ami "Violet" are discussing

their dates for the junior dinner-dance: "Schroe
der" and "Pigpen." But "Charlie Brown" thinks
they are talking about him. The event will be
held at the Adobe Creek Lodge. Dinner will
start at 7 p.m. and the Adobe Creek Lodge band
wiil play until 2 a.m. Entertainment will be pro
vided by foiksinger Leon White who also does
Elvis Presley imitations. Tickets will continue
being sold on Engineering Corner today. A
stuffed "Charlie lirown" doll will be auctioned
otf at the dance. The theme of the dance, inci
dentally, is "Peanuts."
—Daily Photos by Larry Lynch

Two all campus events scheduled for tomorrow
night are the annual Branner ( arnival and the.
junior class dinner-danee. Carnival chairman
Linda Markwett and Head Yell Leader Rill Duke
look over the k*bft s donated by local merchants
which will he auctioned off by Duke at the Bran
ner Carnival. Among; the contributions are a
sterling- silver cigarette case and a white cash
mere sweater. The carnival will be held from H
p.m. to 12:30 a.m. Dates with campus person
alities will also he auctioned off by Duke, Pro
ceeds will go to the Branner Scholarship Fund.
On the right, "Lucy" ami "Violet" are discussing

their dates for the junior dinner-dance: "Schroe
der" and "Pigpen." But "Charlie Brown" thinks
they are talking about him. The event will be
held at the Adobe Creek Lodge. Dinner will
start at 7 p.m. and the Adobe Creek Lodge band
wiil play until 2 a.m. Entertainment will be pro
vided by foiksinger Leon White who also does
Elvis Presley imitations. Tickets will continue
being sold on Engineering Corner today. A
stuffed "Charlie lirown" doll will be auctioned
otf at the dance. The theme of the dance, inci
dentally, is "Peanuts."
—Daily Photos by Larry Lynch

