# Baroque Concert To Be Presented Sunday Afternoon
## 
### 
A concert of Baroque music, the
fifth in the present Chamber Mu
sic Series, will be presented Sun
day at 4 p.m. in Cubberley Audi
torium.
The program will consist of
four works, the first of which
will be "Vago Augelletto." Clau
dio Monteverdi, early 17th cen
tury composer, used a text by
Petrarch for his love madrigal.
The Stanford Chorale and strings
will be under the direction of Dr.
Harold Schmidt in this number.
Gloria Vial will be the featured
soloist in Bach's "Concerto in A
Minor" for violin and orchestra.
The work was written about 1720.
The text of the third work, "In
te. Domine, speravi," is from the
first three verses of Psalms 71.
The motet is by Heinrich Schutz
from the Symphoniae sacrae of
IG2O. Janis Wilcox will be alto
soloist, with Elizabeth Van Vorst,
violin, and John Kolarik, trom
bone.
The program will conclude with !
"The Denial of Saint Peter." The !
French Baroque work is by Marc-
Antoine Charpentier, one of the
composers to Louis XIV. It is one
of his sacred histories. Soloists
on this work will be Richard
Storrs, Harold Schmidt, Janis
Wilcox, Roberta Grant. Theodore
Toews and Robert MacKinnon.
The concert, hris been prepared
under the joint direction of San
dor Salgo, Harold Schmidt and
Putnam Aldrlch. It is open to the
public free of charge.
