# MacArthur To End Seizure Controls
## 
### 
TOKYO, Oct. 23 (UP). — Gen.
Douglas Mac Arthur is preparing to
release his Army intelligence crews
from restrictions which denied
them the right of search and seizure
and forced them to gather vital
counter - intelligence information
through the Japanese police, it was
learned tonight.
The forthcoming directive follows
complaints from Mac Arthur's in
telligence crews that their work was
at a standstill because they lacked
power to search without the as
sistance of Japanese police or seize
material without first making a
formal request through Japanese
authorities.
Although the intelligence agents
feel the new directive will be a big
step forward, they understand it
still will not permit them to seize
necessary material on Army au
thority alone.
TOKYO, Oct. 23 (UP). — Gen.
Douglas Mac Arthur is preparing to
release his Army intelligence crews
from restrictions which denied
them the right of search and seizure
and forced them to gather vital
counter - intelligence information
through the Japanese police, it was
learned tonight.
The forthcoming directive follows
complaints from Mac Arthur's in
telligence crews that their work was
at a standstill because they lacked
power to search without the as
sistance of Japanese police or seize
material without first making a
formal request through Japanese
authorities.
Although the intelligence agents
feel the new directive will be a big
step forward, they understand it
still will not permit them to seize
necessary material on Army au
thority alone.
TOKYO, Oct. 23 (UP). — Gen.
Douglas Mac Arthur is preparing to
release his Army intelligence crews
from restrictions which denied
them the right of search and seizure
and forced them to gather vital
counter - intelligence information
through the Japanese police, it was
learned tonight.
The forthcoming directive follows
complaints from Mac Arthur's in
telligence crews that their work was
at a standstill because they lacked
power to search without the as
sistance of Japanese police or seize
material without first making a
formal request through Japanese
authorities.
Although the intelligence agents
feel the new directive will be a big
step forward, they understand it
still will not permit them to seize
necessary material on Army au
thority alone.
TOKYO, Oct. 23 (UP). — Gen.
Douglas Mac Arthur is preparing to
release his Army intelligence crews
from restrictions which denied
them the right of search and seizure
and forced them to gather vital
counter - intelligence information
through the Japanese police, it was
learned tonight.
The forthcoming directive follows
complaints from Mac Arthur's in
telligence crews that their work was
at a standstill because they lacked
power to search without the as
sistance of Japanese police or seize
material without first making a
formal request through Japanese
authorities.
Although the intelligence agents
feel the new directive will be a big
step forward, they understand it
still will not permit them to seize
necessary material on Army au
thority alone.
TOKYO, Oct. 23 (UP). — Gen.
Douglas Mac Arthur is preparing to
release his Army intelligence crews
from restrictions which denied
them the right of search and seizure
and forced them to gather vital
counter - intelligence information
through the Japanese police, it was
learned tonight.
The forthcoming directive follows
complaints from Mac Arthur's in
telligence crews that their work was
at a standstill because they lacked
power to search without the as
sistance of Japanese police or seize
material without first making a
formal request through Japanese
authorities.
Although the intelligence agents
feel the new directive will be a big
step forward, they understand it
still will not permit them to seize
necessary material on Army au
thority alone.
TOKYO, Oct. 23 (UP). — Gen.
Douglas Mac Arthur is preparing to
release his Army intelligence crews
from restrictions which denied
them the right of search and seizure
and forced them to gather vital
counter - intelligence information
through the Japanese police, it was
learned tonight.
The forthcoming directive follows
complaints from Mac Arthur's in
telligence crews that their work was
at a standstill because they lacked
power to search without the as
sistance of Japanese police or seize
material without first making a
formal request through Japanese
authorities.
Although the intelligence agents
feel the new directive will be a big
step forward, they understand it
still will not permit them to seize
necessary material on Army au
thority alone.
TOKYO, Oct. 23 (UP). — Gen.
Douglas Mac Arthur is preparing to
release his Army intelligence crews
from restrictions which denied
them the right of search and seizure
and forced them to gather vital
counter - intelligence information
through the Japanese police, it was
learned tonight.
The forthcoming directive follows
complaints from Mac Arthur's in
telligence crews that their work was
at a standstill because they lacked
power to search without the as
sistance of Japanese police or seize
material without first making a
formal request through Japanese
authorities.
Although the intelligence agents
feel the new directive will be a big
step forward, they understand it
still will not permit them to seize
necessary material on Army au
thority alone.
TOKYO, Oct. 23 (UP). — Gen.
Douglas Mac Arthur is preparing to
release his Army intelligence crews
from restrictions which denied
them the right of search and seizure
and forced them to gather vital
counter - intelligence information
through the Japanese police, it was
learned tonight.
The forthcoming directive follows
complaints from Mac Arthur's in
telligence crews that their work was
at a standstill because they lacked
power to search without the as
sistance of Japanese police or seize
material without first making a
formal request through Japanese
authorities.
Although the intelligence agents
feel the new directive will be a big
step forward, they understand it
still will not permit them to seize
necessary material on Army au
thority alone.
TOKYO, Oct. 23 (UP). — Gen.
Douglas Mac Arthur is preparing to
release his Army intelligence crews
from restrictions which denied
them the right of search and seizure
and forced them to gather vital
counter - intelligence information
through the Japanese police, it was
learned tonight.
The forthcoming directive follows
complaints from Mac Arthur's in
telligence crews that their work was
at a standstill because they lacked
power to search without the as
sistance of Japanese police or seize
material without first making a
formal request through Japanese
authorities.
Although the intelligence agents
feel the new directive will be a big
step forward, they understand it
still will not permit them to seize
necessary material on Army au
thority alone.
TOKYO, Oct. 23 (UP). — Gen.
Douglas Mac Arthur is preparing to
release his Army intelligence crews
from restrictions which denied
them the right of search and seizure
and forced them to gather vital
counter - intelligence information
through the Japanese police, it was
learned tonight.
The forthcoming directive follows
complaints from Mac Arthur's in
telligence crews that their work was
at a standstill because they lacked
power to search without the as
sistance of Japanese police or seize
material without first making a
formal request through Japanese
authorities.
Although the intelligence agents
feel the new directive will be a big
step forward, they understand it
still will not permit them to seize
necessary material on Army au
thority alone.
TOKYO, Oct. 23 (UP). — Gen.
Douglas Mac Arthur is preparing to
release his Army intelligence crews
from restrictions which denied
them the right of search and seizure
and forced them to gather vital
counter - intelligence information
through the Japanese police, it was
learned tonight.
The forthcoming directive follows
complaints from Mac Arthur's in
telligence crews that their work was
at a standstill because they lacked
power to search without the as
sistance of Japanese police or seize
material without first making a
formal request through Japanese
authorities.
Although the intelligence agents
feel the new directive will be a big
step forward, they understand it
still will not permit them to seize
necessary material on Army au
thority alone.
TOKYO, Oct. 23 (UP). — Gen.
Douglas Mac Arthur is preparing to
release his Army intelligence crews
from restrictions which denied
them the right of search and seizure
and forced them to gather vital
counter - intelligence information
through the Japanese police, it was
learned tonight.
The forthcoming directive follows
complaints from Mac Arthur's in
telligence crews that their work was
at a standstill because they lacked
power to search without the as
sistance of Japanese police or seize
material without first making a
formal request through Japanese
authorities.
Although the intelligence agents
feel the new directive will be a big
step forward, they understand it
still will not permit them to seize
necessary material on Army au
thority alone.
TOKYO, Oct. 23 (UP). — Gen.
Douglas Mac Arthur is preparing to
release his Army intelligence crews
from restrictions which denied
them the right of search and seizure
and forced them to gather vital
counter - intelligence information
through the Japanese police, it was
learned tonight.
The forthcoming directive follows
complaints from Mac Arthur's in
telligence crews that their work was
at a standstill because they lacked
power to search without the as
sistance of Japanese police or seize
material without first making a
formal request through Japanese
authorities.
Although the intelligence agents
feel the new directive will be a big
step forward, they understand it
still will not permit them to seize
necessary material on Army au
thority alone.
TOKYO, Oct. 23 (UP). — Gen.
Douglas Mac Arthur is preparing to
release his Army intelligence crews
from restrictions which denied
them the right of search and seizure
and forced them to gather vital
counter - intelligence information
through the Japanese police, it was
learned tonight.
The forthcoming directive follows
complaints from Mac Arthur's in
telligence crews that their work was
at a standstill because they lacked
power to search without the as
sistance of Japanese police or seize
material without first making a
formal request through Japanese
authorities.
Although the intelligence agents
feel the new directive will be a big
step forward, they understand it
still will not permit them to seize
necessary material on Army au
thority alone.
TOKYO, Oct. 23 (UP). — Gen.
Douglas Mac Arthur is preparing to
release his Army intelligence crews
from restrictions which denied
them the right of search and seizure
and forced them to gather vital
counter - intelligence information
through the Japanese police, it was
learned tonight.
The forthcoming directive follows
complaints from Mac Arthur's in
telligence crews that their work was
at a standstill because they lacked
power to search without the as
sistance of Japanese police or seize
material without first making a
formal request through Japanese
authorities.
Although the intelligence agents
feel the new directive will be a big
step forward, they understand it
still will not permit them to seize
necessary material on Army au
thority alone.
TOKYO, Oct. 23 (UP). — Gen.
Douglas Mac Arthur is preparing to
release his Army intelligence crews
from restrictions which denied
them the right of search and seizure
and forced them to gather vital
counter - intelligence information
through the Japanese police, it was
learned tonight.
The forthcoming directive follows
complaints from Mac Arthur's in
telligence crews that their work was
at a standstill because they lacked
power to search without the as
sistance of Japanese police or seize
material without first making a
formal request through Japanese
authorities.
Although the intelligence agents
feel the new directive will be a big
step forward, they understand it
still will not permit them to seize
necessary material on Army au
thority alone.
