# Untitled Article
## 
### 

By United Press
Gen. Omar N. Bradley, Veterans Administrator (center), confers with
Col. James G. Oonnelly, general manager of the San Francisco veterans'
hospital, and Lt. Col. Mary Agnes Brown, WAC, women's veterans ad
viser, in one of his flying stops on a tour of the West in an effort to
expedite the veterans' organization program.

By United Press
Gen. Omar N. Bradley, Veterans Administrator (center), confers with
Col. James G. Oonnelly, general manager of the San Francisco veterans'
hospital, and Lt. Col. Mary Agnes Brown, WAC, women's veterans ad
viser, in one of his flying stops on a tour of the West in an effort to
expedite the veterans' organization program.

By United Press
Gen. Omar N. Bradley, Veterans Administrator (center), confers with
Col. James G. Oonnelly, general manager of the San Francisco veterans'
hospital, and Lt. Col. Mary Agnes Brown, WAC, women's veterans ad
viser, in one of his flying stops on a tour of the West in an effort to
expedite the veterans' organization program.

By United Press
Gen. Omar N. Bradley, Veterans Administrator (center), confers with
Col. James G. Oonnelly, general manager of the San Francisco veterans'
hospital, and Lt. Col. Mary Agnes Brown, WAC, women's veterans ad
viser, in one of his flying stops on a tour of the West in an effort to
expedite the veterans' organization program.

By United Press
Gen. Omar N. Bradley, Veterans Administrator (center), confers with
Col. James G. Oonnelly, general manager of the San Francisco veterans'
hospital, and Lt. Col. Mary Agnes Brown, WAC, women's veterans ad
viser, in one of his flying stops on a tour of the West in an effort to
expedite the veterans' organization program.

By United Press
Gen. Omar N. Bradley, Veterans Administrator (center), confers with
Col. James G. Oonnelly, general manager of the San Francisco veterans'
hospital, and Lt. Col. Mary Agnes Brown, WAC, women's veterans ad
viser, in one of his flying stops on a tour of the West in an effort to
expedite the veterans' organization program.

By United Press
Gen. Omar N. Bradley, Veterans Administrator (center), confers with
Col. James G. Oonnelly, general manager of the San Francisco veterans'
hospital, and Lt. Col. Mary Agnes Brown, WAC, women's veterans ad
viser, in one of his flying stops on a tour of the West in an effort to
expedite the veterans' organization program.

By United Press
Gen. Omar N. Bradley, Veterans Administrator (center), confers with
Col. James G. Oonnelly, general manager of the San Francisco veterans'
hospital, and Lt. Col. Mary Agnes Brown, WAC, women's veterans ad
viser, in one of his flying stops on a tour of the West in an effort to
expedite the veterans' organization program.

By United Press
Gen. Omar N. Bradley, Veterans Administrator (center), confers with
Col. James G. Oonnelly, general manager of the San Francisco veterans'
hospital, and Lt. Col. Mary Agnes Brown, WAC, women's veterans ad
viser, in one of his flying stops on a tour of the West in an effort to
expedite the veterans' organization program.

By United Press
Gen. Omar N. Bradley, Veterans Administrator (center), confers with
Col. James G. Oonnelly, general manager of the San Francisco veterans'
hospital, and Lt. Col. Mary Agnes Brown, WAC, women's veterans ad
viser, in one of his flying stops on a tour of the West in an effort to
expedite the veterans' organization program.

By United Press
Gen. Omar N. Bradley, Veterans Administrator (center), confers with
Col. James G. Oonnelly, general manager of the San Francisco veterans'
hospital, and Lt. Col. Mary Agnes Brown, WAC, women's veterans ad
viser, in one of his flying stops on a tour of the West in an effort to
expedite the veterans' organization program.

By United Press
Gen. Omar N. Bradley, Veterans Administrator (center), confers with
Col. James G. Oonnelly, general manager of the San Francisco veterans'
hospital, and Lt. Col. Mary Agnes Brown, WAC, women's veterans ad
viser, in one of his flying stops on a tour of the West in an effort to
expedite the veterans' organization program.

By United Press
Gen. Omar N. Bradley, Veterans Administrator (center), confers with
Col. James G. Oonnelly, general manager of the San Francisco veterans'
hospital, and Lt. Col. Mary Agnes Brown, WAC, women's veterans ad
viser, in one of his flying stops on a tour of the West in an effort to
expedite the veterans' organization program.

By United Press
Gen. Omar N. Bradley, Veterans Administrator (center), confers with
Col. James G. Oonnelly, general manager of the San Francisco veterans'
hospital, and Lt. Col. Mary Agnes Brown, WAC, women's veterans ad
viser, in one of his flying stops on a tour of the West in an effort to
expedite the veterans' organization program.

By United Press
Gen. Omar N. Bradley, Veterans Administrator (center), confers with
Col. James G. Oonnelly, general manager of the San Francisco veterans'
hospital, and Lt. Col. Mary Agnes Brown, WAC, women's veterans ad
viser, in one of his flying stops on a tour of the West in an effort to
expedite the veterans' organization program.

By United Press
Gen. Omar N. Bradley, Veterans Administrator (center), confers with
Col. James G. Oonnelly, general manager of the San Francisco veterans'
hospital, and Lt. Col. Mary Agnes Brown, WAC, women's veterans ad
viser, in one of his flying stops on a tour of the West in an effort to
expedite the veterans' organization program.
