# "Zeb" Terry Fields 1.000 for Angels
## 
### 
"Zeb" Terry, '14, captain of last
year's Varsity nine, is now fielding
1,000 for the Los Angeles Angeles
coast-leaguers with whom he is play
ing in an infield capacity. His bat
ting average is .271. according to pre
sent reports. He forms a unit of the
unmarried third of the Angel aggrega
tion.
"Zeb" Terry, '14, captain of last
year's Varsity nine, is now fielding
1,000 for the Los Angeles Angeles
coast-leaguers with whom he is play
ing in an infield capacity. His bat
ting average is .271. according to pre
sent reports. He forms a unit of the
unmarried third of the Angel aggrega
tion.
"Zeb" Terry, '14, captain of last
year's Varsity nine, is now fielding
1,000 for the Los Angeles Angeles
coast-leaguers with whom he is play
ing in an infield capacity. His bat
ting average is .271. according to pre
sent reports. He forms a unit of the
unmarried third of the Angel aggrega
tion.
"Zeb" Terry, '14, captain of last
year's Varsity nine, is now fielding
1,000 for the Los Angeles Angeles
coast-leaguers with whom he is play
ing in an infield capacity. His bat
ting average is .271. according to pre
sent reports. He forms a unit of the
unmarried third of the Angel aggrega
tion.
"Zeb" Terry, '14, captain of last
year's Varsity nine, is now fielding
1,000 for the Los Angeles Angeles
coast-leaguers with whom he is play
ing in an infield capacity. His bat
ting average is .271. according to pre
sent reports. He forms a unit of the
unmarried third of the Angel aggrega
tion.
"Zeb" Terry, '14, captain of last
year's Varsity nine, is now fielding
1,000 for the Los Angeles Angeles
coast-leaguers with whom he is play
ing in an infield capacity. His bat
ting average is .271. according to pre
sent reports. He forms a unit of the
unmarried third of the Angel aggrega
tion.
"Zeb" Terry, '14, captain of last
year's Varsity nine, is now fielding
1,000 for the Los Angeles Angeles
coast-leaguers with whom he is play
ing in an infield capacity. His bat
ting average is .271. according to pre
sent reports. He forms a unit of the
unmarried third of the Angel aggrega
tion.
"Zeb" Terry, '14, captain of last
year's Varsity nine, is now fielding
1,000 for the Los Angeles Angeles
coast-leaguers with whom he is play
ing in an infield capacity. His bat
ting average is .271. according to pre
sent reports. He forms a unit of the
unmarried third of the Angel aggrega
tion.
"Zeb" Terry, '14, captain of last
year's Varsity nine, is now fielding
1,000 for the Los Angeles Angeles
coast-leaguers with whom he is play
ing in an infield capacity. His bat
ting average is .271. according to pre
sent reports. He forms a unit of the
unmarried third of the Angel aggrega
tion.
"Zeb" Terry, '14, captain of last
year's Varsity nine, is now fielding
1,000 for the Los Angeles Angeles
coast-leaguers with whom he is play
ing in an infield capacity. His bat
ting average is .271. according to pre
sent reports. He forms a unit of the
unmarried third of the Angel aggrega
tion.
"Zeb" Terry, '14, captain of last
year's Varsity nine, is now fielding
1,000 for the Los Angeles Angeles
coast-leaguers with whom he is play
ing in an infield capacity. His bat
ting average is .271. according to pre
sent reports. He forms a unit of the
unmarried third of the Angel aggrega
tion.
"Zeb" Terry, '14, captain of last
year's Varsity nine, is now fielding
1,000 for the Los Angeles Angeles
coast-leaguers with whom he is play
ing in an infield capacity. His bat
ting average is .271. according to pre
sent reports. He forms a unit of the
unmarried third of the Angel aggrega
tion.
"Zeb" Terry, '14, captain of last
year's Varsity nine, is now fielding
1,000 for the Los Angeles Angeles
coast-leaguers with whom he is play
ing in an infield capacity. His bat
ting average is .271. according to pre
sent reports. He forms a unit of the
unmarried third of the Angel aggrega
tion.
