# ENGINEERING ASSEMBLY IS SCHEDULER FOR TOMORROW
## 
### 
Tomorrow will witness the fourth
assembly of the structural and civil
engineering students for the purpose
of hearing one of the series of il
lustrated lectures delivered by J. D.
Galloway of San Francisco on the
"History of Bridge Construction." The
lecture to be given tomorrow will
commence with the history of bridge
building beginning with the modern
a-.e. Mr. Galloway's previous talks
have, been rather an introduction t"
the topic upon which he will speak
tomorrow. Henceforth the prob
lems discussed will be those of the
present day engineer and in this way
may carry an added interest. \s be
fore the lecture will be held at 3:00
in room 283 of the Engineering Build
ing.
