# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Captain Dodson, pitcher Dodge, in
fielder Hayes and outfielder Adair of
the California Varsity were specta
tors at the Stanfo.rd-Santa Clara game
this afternoon.
Captain Dodson, pitcher Dodge, in
fielder Hayes and outfielder Adair of
the California Varsity were specta
tors at the Stanfo.rd-Santa Clara game
this afternoon.
Captain Dodson, pitcher Dodge, in
fielder Hayes and outfielder Adair of
the California Varsity were specta
tors at the Stanfo.rd-Santa Clara game
this afternoon.
Captain Dodson, pitcher Dodge, in
fielder Hayes and outfielder Adair of
the California Varsity were specta
tors at the Stanfo.rd-Santa Clara game
this afternoon.
Captain Dodson, pitcher Dodge, in
fielder Hayes and outfielder Adair of
the California Varsity were specta
tors at the Stanfo.rd-Santa Clara game
this afternoon.
Captain Dodson, pitcher Dodge, in
fielder Hayes and outfielder Adair of
the California Varsity were specta
tors at the Stanfo.rd-Santa Clara game
this afternoon.
Captain Dodson, pitcher Dodge, in
fielder Hayes and outfielder Adair of
the California Varsity were specta
tors at the Stanfo.rd-Santa Clara game
this afternoon.
Captain Dodson, pitcher Dodge, in
fielder Hayes and outfielder Adair of
the California Varsity were specta
tors at the Stanfo.rd-Santa Clara game
this afternoon.
Captain Dodson, pitcher Dodge, in
fielder Hayes and outfielder Adair of
the California Varsity were specta
tors at the Stanfo.rd-Santa Clara game
this afternoon.
Captain Dodson, pitcher Dodge, in
fielder Hayes and outfielder Adair of
the California Varsity were specta
tors at the Stanfo.rd-Santa Clara game
this afternoon.
Captain Dodson, pitcher Dodge, in
fielder Hayes and outfielder Adair of
the California Varsity were specta
tors at the Stanfo.rd-Santa Clara game
this afternoon.
Captain Dodson, pitcher Dodge, in
fielder Hayes and outfielder Adair of
the California Varsity were specta
tors at the Stanfo.rd-Santa Clara game
this afternoon.
Captain Dodson, pitcher Dodge, in
fielder Hayes and outfielder Adair of
the California Varsity were specta
tors at the Stanfo.rd-Santa Clara game
this afternoon.
