# Untitled Article
## 
### 
How many things both just
and unjust are sanctified by
custom. —Terence.
How many things both just
and unjust are sanctified by
custom. —Terence.
How many things both just
and unjust are sanctified by
custom. —Terence.
How many things both just
and unjust are sanctified by
custom. —Terence.
How many things both just
and unjust are sanctified by
custom. —Terence.
How many things both just
and unjust are sanctified by
custom. —Terence.
How many things both just
and unjust are sanctified by
custom. —Terence.
How many things both just
and unjust are sanctified by
custom. —Terence.
How many things both just
and unjust are sanctified by
custom. —Terence.
How many things both just
and unjust are sanctified by
custom. —Terence.
How many things both just
and unjust are sanctified by
custom. —Terence.
How many things both just
and unjust are sanctified by
custom. —Terence.
How many things both just
and unjust are sanctified by
custom. —Terence.
