# ANTI-TAXI
## 
### 
It has been a lons cherished tradi
tion, in keeping with the democratic
atmosphere of the University, thai
flowers and taxis (in the old days car
riages) are tabooed at all formal as
well as informal functions of univer
sity interest. May the present gen
eration preserve the good old custon
especially at the Opera tomorrow ev
enlng and the Junior Prom on Frirta:
evening.
It has been a lons cherished tradi
tion, in keeping with the democratic
atmosphere of the University, thai
flowers and taxis (in the old days car
riages) are tabooed at all formal as
well as informal functions of univer
sity interest. May the present gen
eration preserve the good old custon
especially at the Opera tomorrow ev
enlng and the Junior Prom on Frirta:
evening.
It has been a lons cherished tradi
tion, in keeping with the democratic
atmosphere of the University, thai
flowers and taxis (in the old days car
riages) are tabooed at all formal as
well as informal functions of univer
sity interest. May the present gen
eration preserve the good old custon
especially at the Opera tomorrow ev
enlng and the Junior Prom on Frirta:
evening.
It has been a lons cherished tradi
tion, in keeping with the democratic
atmosphere of the University, thai
flowers and taxis (in the old days car
riages) are tabooed at all formal as
well as informal functions of univer
sity interest. May the present gen
eration preserve the good old custon
especially at the Opera tomorrow ev
enlng and the Junior Prom on Frirta:
evening.
It has been a lons cherished tradi
tion, in keeping with the democratic
atmosphere of the University, thai
flowers and taxis (in the old days car
riages) are tabooed at all formal as
well as informal functions of univer
sity interest. May the present gen
eration preserve the good old custon
especially at the Opera tomorrow ev
enlng and the Junior Prom on Frirta:
evening.
It has been a lons cherished tradi
tion, in keeping with the democratic
atmosphere of the University, thai
flowers and taxis (in the old days car
riages) are tabooed at all formal as
well as informal functions of univer
sity interest. May the present gen
eration preserve the good old custon
especially at the Opera tomorrow ev
enlng and the Junior Prom on Frirta:
evening.
It has been a lons cherished tradi
tion, in keeping with the democratic
atmosphere of the University, thai
flowers and taxis (in the old days car
riages) are tabooed at all formal as
well as informal functions of univer
sity interest. May the present gen
eration preserve the good old custon
especially at the Opera tomorrow ev
enlng and the Junior Prom on Frirta:
evening.
It has been a lons cherished tradi
tion, in keeping with the democratic
atmosphere of the University, thai
flowers and taxis (in the old days car
riages) are tabooed at all formal as
well as informal functions of univer
sity interest. May the present gen
eration preserve the good old custon
especially at the Opera tomorrow ev
enlng and the Junior Prom on Frirta:
evening.
It has been a lons cherished tradi
tion, in keeping with the democratic
atmosphere of the University, thai
flowers and taxis (in the old days car
riages) are tabooed at all formal as
well as informal functions of univer
sity interest. May the present gen
eration preserve the good old custon
especially at the Opera tomorrow ev
enlng and the Junior Prom on Frirta:
evening.
It has been a lons cherished tradi
tion, in keeping with the democratic
atmosphere of the University, thai
flowers and taxis (in the old days car
riages) are tabooed at all formal as
well as informal functions of univer
sity interest. May the present gen
eration preserve the good old custon
especially at the Opera tomorrow ev
enlng and the Junior Prom on Frirta:
evening.
It has been a lons cherished tradi
tion, in keeping with the democratic
atmosphere of the University, thai
flowers and taxis (in the old days car
riages) are tabooed at all formal as
well as informal functions of univer
sity interest. May the present gen
eration preserve the good old custon
especially at the Opera tomorrow ev
enlng and the Junior Prom on Frirta:
evening.
It has been a lons cherished tradi
tion, in keeping with the democratic
atmosphere of the University, thai
flowers and taxis (in the old days car
riages) are tabooed at all formal as
well as informal functions of univer
sity interest. May the present gen
eration preserve the good old custon
especially at the Opera tomorrow ev
enlng and the Junior Prom on Frirta:
evening.
It has been a lons cherished tradi
tion, in keeping with the democratic
atmosphere of the University, thai
flowers and taxis (in the old days car
riages) are tabooed at all formal as
well as informal functions of univer
sity interest. May the present gen
eration preserve the good old custon
especially at the Opera tomorrow ev
enlng and the Junior Prom on Frirta:
evening.
