# Women Will Hold Vesper Service Series at Roble
## 
### 
University women students and fac
ulty women are invited to the vesper
services which will be held at Roble
hall at 4:45 every Sunday afternoon
beginning this Sunday, when Profes
sor James Gyde will talk about
"Hopes, Ambitions, and Dreams."
Malcolm Davison, 'cellist, and Maria
Anderson, pianist, will play.
The vesper services have been or
ganized by a student committee of
which Esther Greenacre is chairman.
Music is planned by Maria Anderson.
University women students and fac
ulty women are invited to the vesper
services which will be held at Roble
hall at 4:45 every Sunday afternoon
beginning this Sunday, when Profes
sor James Gyde will talk about
"Hopes, Ambitions, and Dreams."
Malcolm Davison, 'cellist, and Maria
Anderson, pianist, will play.
The vesper services have been or
ganized by a student committee of
which Esther Greenacre is chairman.
Music is planned by Maria Anderson.
University women students and fac
ulty women are invited to the vesper
services which will be held at Roble
hall at 4:45 every Sunday afternoon
beginning this Sunday, when Profes
sor James Gyde will talk about
"Hopes, Ambitions, and Dreams."
Malcolm Davison, 'cellist, and Maria
Anderson, pianist, will play.
The vesper services have been or
ganized by a student committee of
which Esther Greenacre is chairman.
Music is planned by Maria Anderson.
University women students and fac
ulty women are invited to the vesper
services which will be held at Roble
hall at 4:45 every Sunday afternoon
beginning this Sunday, when Profes
sor James Gyde will talk about
"Hopes, Ambitions, and Dreams."
Malcolm Davison, 'cellist, and Maria
Anderson, pianist, will play.
The vesper services have been or
ganized by a student committee of
which Esther Greenacre is chairman.
Music is planned by Maria Anderson.
University women students and fac
ulty women are invited to the vesper
services which will be held at Roble
hall at 4:45 every Sunday afternoon
beginning this Sunday, when Profes
sor James Gyde will talk about
"Hopes, Ambitions, and Dreams."
Malcolm Davison, 'cellist, and Maria
Anderson, pianist, will play.
The vesper services have been or
ganized by a student committee of
which Esther Greenacre is chairman.
Music is planned by Maria Anderson.
University women students and fac
ulty women are invited to the vesper
services which will be held at Roble
hall at 4:45 every Sunday afternoon
beginning this Sunday, when Profes
sor James Gyde will talk about
"Hopes, Ambitions, and Dreams."
Malcolm Davison, 'cellist, and Maria
Anderson, pianist, will play.
The vesper services have been or
ganized by a student committee of
which Esther Greenacre is chairman.
Music is planned by Maria Anderson.
University women students and fac
ulty women are invited to the vesper
services which will be held at Roble
hall at 4:45 every Sunday afternoon
beginning this Sunday, when Profes
sor James Gyde will talk about
"Hopes, Ambitions, and Dreams."
Malcolm Davison, 'cellist, and Maria
Anderson, pianist, will play.
The vesper services have been or
ganized by a student committee of
which Esther Greenacre is chairman.
Music is planned by Maria Anderson.
University women students and fac
ulty women are invited to the vesper
services which will be held at Roble
hall at 4:45 every Sunday afternoon
beginning this Sunday, when Profes
sor James Gyde will talk about
"Hopes, Ambitions, and Dreams."
Malcolm Davison, 'cellist, and Maria
Anderson, pianist, will play.
The vesper services have been or
ganized by a student committee of
which Esther Greenacre is chairman.
Music is planned by Maria Anderson.
University women students and fac
ulty women are invited to the vesper
services which will be held at Roble
hall at 4:45 every Sunday afternoon
beginning this Sunday, when Profes
sor James Gyde will talk about
"Hopes, Ambitions, and Dreams."
Malcolm Davison, 'cellist, and Maria
Anderson, pianist, will play.
The vesper services have been or
ganized by a student committee of
which Esther Greenacre is chairman.
Music is planned by Maria Anderson.
University women students and fac
ulty women are invited to the vesper
services which will be held at Roble
hall at 4:45 every Sunday afternoon
beginning this Sunday, when Profes
sor James Gyde will talk about
"Hopes, Ambitions, and Dreams."
Malcolm Davison, 'cellist, and Maria
Anderson, pianist, will play.
The vesper services have been or
ganized by a student committee of
which Esther Greenacre is chairman.
Music is planned by Maria Anderson.
University women students and fac
ulty women are invited to the vesper
services which will be held at Roble
hall at 4:45 every Sunday afternoon
beginning this Sunday, when Profes
sor James Gyde will talk about
"Hopes, Ambitions, and Dreams."
Malcolm Davison, 'cellist, and Maria
Anderson, pianist, will play.
The vesper services have been or
ganized by a student committee of
which Esther Greenacre is chairman.
Music is planned by Maria Anderson.
University women students and fac
ulty women are invited to the vesper
services which will be held at Roble
hall at 4:45 every Sunday afternoon
beginning this Sunday, when Profes
sor James Gyde will talk about
"Hopes, Ambitions, and Dreams."
Malcolm Davison, 'cellist, and Maria
Anderson, pianist, will play.
The vesper services have been or
ganized by a student committee of
which Esther Greenacre is chairman.
Music is planned by Maria Anderson.
University women students and fac
ulty women are invited to the vesper
services which will be held at Roble
hall at 4:45 every Sunday afternoon
beginning this Sunday, when Profes
sor James Gyde will talk about
"Hopes, Ambitions, and Dreams."
Malcolm Davison, 'cellist, and Maria
Anderson, pianist, will play.
The vesper services have been or
ganized by a student committee of
which Esther Greenacre is chairman.
Music is planned by Maria Anderson.
University women students and fac
ulty women are invited to the vesper
services which will be held at Roble
hall at 4:45 every Sunday afternoon
beginning this Sunday, when Profes
sor James Gyde will talk about
"Hopes, Ambitions, and Dreams."
Malcolm Davison, 'cellist, and Maria
Anderson, pianist, will play.
The vesper services have been or
ganized by a student committee of
which Esther Greenacre is chairman.
Music is planned by Maria Anderson.
University women students and fac
ulty women are invited to the vesper
services which will be held at Roble
hall at 4:45 every Sunday afternoon
beginning this Sunday, when Profes
sor James Gyde will talk about
"Hopes, Ambitions, and Dreams."
Malcolm Davison, 'cellist, and Maria
Anderson, pianist, will play.
The vesper services have been or
ganized by a student committee of
which Esther Greenacre is chairman.
Music is planned by Maria Anderson.
University women students and fac
ulty women are invited to the vesper
services which will be held at Roble
hall at 4:45 every Sunday afternoon
beginning this Sunday, when Profes
sor James Gyde will talk about
"Hopes, Ambitions, and Dreams."
Malcolm Davison, 'cellist, and Maria
Anderson, pianist, will play.
The vesper services have been or
ganized by a student committee of
which Esther Greenacre is chairman.
Music is planned by Maria Anderson.
