# FOOTBALL NOTICE
## 
### 
The Football Manager notifies
the squad that formal practise
for the Notre Dame game will
'begin on Monday.
The Football Manager notifies
the squad that formal practise
for the Notre Dame game will
'begin on Monday.
The Football Manager notifies
the squad that formal practise
for the Notre Dame game will
'begin on Monday.
The Football Manager notifies
the squad that formal practise
for the Notre Dame game will
'begin on Monday.
The Football Manager notifies
the squad that formal practise
for the Notre Dame game will
'begin on Monday.
The Football Manager notifies
the squad that formal practise
for the Notre Dame game will
'begin on Monday.
The Football Manager notifies
the squad that formal practise
for the Notre Dame game will
'begin on Monday.
The Football Manager notifies
the squad that formal practise
for the Notre Dame game will
'begin on Monday.
The Football Manager notifies
the squad that formal practise
for the Notre Dame game will
'begin on Monday.
The Football Manager notifies
the squad that formal practise
for the Notre Dame game will
'begin on Monday.
The Football Manager notifies
the squad that formal practise
for the Notre Dame game will
'begin on Monday.
The Football Manager notifies
the squad that formal practise
for the Notre Dame game will
'begin on Monday.
The Football Manager notifies
the squad that formal practise
for the Notre Dame game will
'begin on Monday.
The Football Manager notifies
the squad that formal practise
for the Notre Dame game will
'begin on Monday.
The Football Manager notifies
the squad that formal practise
for the Notre Dame game will
'begin on Monday.
The Football Manager notifies
the squad that formal practise
for the Notre Dame game will
'begin on Monday.
