# For the record
## 
### 
In a headline to a men's tennis
story yesterday, The Daily mis
named which player was iiyured.
The story correctly named the in
jured player as Jared Palmer.
An article in yesterday's Daily
about the lesbian community con
tained the sentence, "Ethnic mi
nority and graduate students face
similar problems." The sentence
should have read, "Lesbian and
bisexual women who are graduate
students or members of ethnic mi
norities face this problem (lack of
community) to an even greater
extent."
The same article incorrectly
named the group that is partly
funding the Beyond Heterosexu
ality network. It is the Women's
Collective of the Gay and Lesbian
Alliance at Stanford.
In a headline to a men's tennis
story yesterday, The Daily mis
named which player was iiyured.
The story correctly named the in
jured player as Jared Palmer.
An article in yesterday's Daily
about the lesbian community con
tained the sentence, "Ethnic mi
nority and graduate students face
similar problems." The sentence
should have read, "Lesbian and
bisexual women who are graduate
students or members of ethnic mi
norities face this problem (lack of
community) to an even greater
extent."
The same article incorrectly
named the group that is partly
funding the Beyond Heterosexu
ality network. It is the Women's
Collective of the Gay and Lesbian
Alliance at Stanford.
In a headline to a men's tennis
story yesterday, The Daily mis
named which player was iiyured.
The story correctly named the in
jured player as Jared Palmer.
An article in yesterday's Daily
about the lesbian community con
tained the sentence, "Ethnic mi
nority and graduate students face
similar problems." The sentence
should have read, "Lesbian and
bisexual women who are graduate
students or members of ethnic mi
norities face this problem (lack of
community) to an even greater
extent."
The same article incorrectly
named the group that is partly
funding the Beyond Heterosexu
ality network. It is the Women's
Collective of the Gay and Lesbian
Alliance at Stanford.
In a headline to a men's tennis
story yesterday, The Daily mis
named which player was iiyured.
The story correctly named the in
jured player as Jared Palmer.
An article in yesterday's Daily
about the lesbian community con
tained the sentence, "Ethnic mi
nority and graduate students face
similar problems." The sentence
should have read, "Lesbian and
bisexual women who are graduate
students or members of ethnic mi
norities face this problem (lack of
community) to an even greater
extent."
The same article incorrectly
named the group that is partly
funding the Beyond Heterosexu
ality network. It is the Women's
Collective of the Gay and Lesbian
Alliance at Stanford.
In a headline to a men's tennis
story yesterday, The Daily mis
named which player was iiyured.
The story correctly named the in
jured player as Jared Palmer.
An article in yesterday's Daily
about the lesbian community con
tained the sentence, "Ethnic mi
nority and graduate students face
similar problems." The sentence
should have read, "Lesbian and
bisexual women who are graduate
students or members of ethnic mi
norities face this problem (lack of
community) to an even greater
extent."
The same article incorrectly
named the group that is partly
funding the Beyond Heterosexu
ality network. It is the Women's
Collective of the Gay and Lesbian
Alliance at Stanford.
In a headline to a men's tennis
story yesterday, The Daily mis
named which player was iiyured.
The story correctly named the in
jured player as Jared Palmer.
An article in yesterday's Daily
about the lesbian community con
tained the sentence, "Ethnic mi
nority and graduate students face
similar problems." The sentence
should have read, "Lesbian and
bisexual women who are graduate
students or members of ethnic mi
norities face this problem (lack of
community) to an even greater
extent."
The same article incorrectly
named the group that is partly
funding the Beyond Heterosexu
ality network. It is the Women's
Collective of the Gay and Lesbian
Alliance at Stanford.
In a headline to a men's tennis
story yesterday, The Daily mis
named which player was iiyured.
The story correctly named the in
jured player as Jared Palmer.
An article in yesterday's Daily
about the lesbian community con
tained the sentence, "Ethnic mi
nority and graduate students face
similar problems." The sentence
should have read, "Lesbian and
bisexual women who are graduate
students or members of ethnic mi
norities face this problem (lack of
community) to an even greater
extent."
The same article incorrectly
named the group that is partly
funding the Beyond Heterosexu
ality network. It is the Women's
Collective of the Gay and Lesbian
Alliance at Stanford.
