# INSIDE
## 
### 
Humm baby
Cardinal spikers wave
goodbye to Pepperdine
down in Malibu.
See Sports, page 9

Giant attitude
Nepalese celebrate
democracy by dancing in
the streets.
See World & Nation, page 3

Gotta like these kids
Red-hot baseball plays
like Athens in defeat of
Spartans.
See Sports, page 8

Humm baby
Cardinal spikers wave
goodbye to Pepperdine
down in Malibu.
See Sports, page 9

Giant attitude
Nepalese celebrate
democracy by dancing in
the streets.
See World & Nation, page 3

Gotta like these kids
Red-hot baseball plays
like Athens in defeat of
Spartans.
See Sports, page 8

Humm baby
Cardinal spikers wave
goodbye to Pepperdine
down in Malibu.
See Sports, page 9

Giant attitude
Nepalese celebrate
democracy by dancing in
the streets.
See World & Nation, page 3

Gotta like these kids
Red-hot baseball plays
like Athens in defeat of
Spartans.
See Sports, page 8

Humm baby
Cardinal spikers wave
goodbye to Pepperdine
down in Malibu.
See Sports, page 9

Giant attitude
Nepalese celebrate
democracy by dancing in
the streets.
See World & Nation, page 3

Gotta like these kids
Red-hot baseball plays
like Athens in defeat of
Spartans.
See Sports, page 8

Humm baby
Cardinal spikers wave
goodbye to Pepperdine
down in Malibu.
See Sports, page 9

Giant attitude
Nepalese celebrate
democracy by dancing in
the streets.
See World & Nation, page 3

Gotta like these kids
Red-hot baseball plays
like Athens in defeat of
Spartans.
See Sports, page 8

Humm baby
Cardinal spikers wave
goodbye to Pepperdine
down in Malibu.
See Sports, page 9

Giant attitude
Nepalese celebrate
democracy by dancing in
the streets.
See World & Nation, page 3

Gotta like these kids
Red-hot baseball plays
like Athens in defeat of
Spartans.
See Sports, page 8

Humm baby
Cardinal spikers wave
goodbye to Pepperdine
down in Malibu.
See Sports, page 9

Giant attitude
Nepalese celebrate
democracy by dancing in
the streets.
See World & Nation, page 3

Gotta like these kids
Red-hot baseball plays
like Athens in defeat of
Spartans.
See Sports, page 8

