# 'I' Club to Hold Mixer Tonight
## 
### 
International Club will sponsor its
bi-weekly mixer tonight at Chez
Yvonne from 9 to 1. ' I Club presi
dent Jose Raymundo stated that the
mixer is an all-campus affair.
Its purpose is to give both Ameri

can and foreign students a chance to
meet and talk in a social atmosphere.
Rides will leave the Cellar and the
Village Administration Building at
8:15 p.m. Raymundo asks that ev
eryone bring dance records.
International Club will sponsor its
bi-weekly mixer tonight at Chez
Yvonne from 9 to 1. ' I Club presi
dent Jose Raymundo stated that the
mixer is an all-campus affair.
Its purpose is to give both Ameri

can and foreign students a chance to
meet and talk in a social atmosphere.
Rides will leave the Cellar and the
Village Administration Building at
8:15 p.m. Raymundo asks that ev
eryone bring dance records.
International Club will sponsor its
bi-weekly mixer tonight at Chez
Yvonne from 9 to 1. ' I Club presi
dent Jose Raymundo stated that the
mixer is an all-campus affair.
Its purpose is to give both Ameri

can and foreign students a chance to
meet and talk in a social atmosphere.
Rides will leave the Cellar and the
Village Administration Building at
8:15 p.m. Raymundo asks that ev
eryone bring dance records.
International Club will sponsor its
bi-weekly mixer tonight at Chez
Yvonne from 9 to 1. ' I Club presi
dent Jose Raymundo stated that the
mixer is an all-campus affair.
Its purpose is to give both Ameri

can and foreign students a chance to
meet and talk in a social atmosphere.
Rides will leave the Cellar and the
Village Administration Building at
8:15 p.m. Raymundo asks that ev
eryone bring dance records.
International Club will sponsor its
bi-weekly mixer tonight at Chez
Yvonne from 9 to 1. ' I Club presi
dent Jose Raymundo stated that the
mixer is an all-campus affair.
Its purpose is to give both Ameri

can and foreign students a chance to
meet and talk in a social atmosphere.
Rides will leave the Cellar and the
Village Administration Building at
8:15 p.m. Raymundo asks that ev
eryone bring dance records.
International Club will sponsor its
bi-weekly mixer tonight at Chez
Yvonne from 9 to 1. ' I Club presi
dent Jose Raymundo stated that the
mixer is an all-campus affair.
Its purpose is to give both Ameri

can and foreign students a chance to
meet and talk in a social atmosphere.
Rides will leave the Cellar and the
Village Administration Building at
8:15 p.m. Raymundo asks that ev
eryone bring dance records.
International Club will sponsor its
bi-weekly mixer tonight at Chez
Yvonne from 9 to 1. ' I Club presi
dent Jose Raymundo stated that the
mixer is an all-campus affair.
Its purpose is to give both Ameri

can and foreign students a chance to
meet and talk in a social atmosphere.
Rides will leave the Cellar and the
Village Administration Building at
8:15 p.m. Raymundo asks that ev
eryone bring dance records.
International Club will sponsor its
bi-weekly mixer tonight at Chez
Yvonne from 9 to 1. ' I Club presi
dent Jose Raymundo stated that the
mixer is an all-campus affair.
Its purpose is to give both Ameri

can and foreign students a chance to
meet and talk in a social atmosphere.
Rides will leave the Cellar and the
Village Administration Building at
8:15 p.m. Raymundo asks that ev
eryone bring dance records.
International Club will sponsor its
bi-weekly mixer tonight at Chez
Yvonne from 9 to 1. ' I Club presi
dent Jose Raymundo stated that the
mixer is an all-campus affair.
Its purpose is to give both Ameri

can and foreign students a chance to
meet and talk in a social atmosphere.
Rides will leave the Cellar and the
Village Administration Building at
8:15 p.m. Raymundo asks that ev
eryone bring dance records.
International Club will sponsor its
bi-weekly mixer tonight at Chez
Yvonne from 9 to 1. ' I Club presi
dent Jose Raymundo stated that the
mixer is an all-campus affair.
Its purpose is to give both Ameri

can and foreign students a chance to
meet and talk in a social atmosphere.
Rides will leave the Cellar and the
Village Administration Building at
8:15 p.m. Raymundo asks that ev
eryone bring dance records.
International Club will sponsor its
bi-weekly mixer tonight at Chez
Yvonne from 9 to 1. ' I Club presi
dent Jose Raymundo stated that the
mixer is an all-campus affair.
Its purpose is to give both Ameri

can and foreign students a chance to
meet and talk in a social atmosphere.
Rides will leave the Cellar and the
Village Administration Building at
8:15 p.m. Raymundo asks that ev
eryone bring dance records.
International Club will sponsor its
bi-weekly mixer tonight at Chez
Yvonne from 9 to 1. ' I Club presi
dent Jose Raymundo stated that the
mixer is an all-campus affair.
Its purpose is to give both Ameri

can and foreign students a chance to
meet and talk in a social atmosphere.
Rides will leave the Cellar and the
Village Administration Building at
8:15 p.m. Raymundo asks that ev
eryone bring dance records.
International Club will sponsor its
bi-weekly mixer tonight at Chez
Yvonne from 9 to 1. ' I Club presi
dent Jose Raymundo stated that the
mixer is an all-campus affair.
Its purpose is to give both Ameri

can and foreign students a chance to
meet and talk in a social atmosphere.
Rides will leave the Cellar and the
Village Administration Building at
8:15 p.m. Raymundo asks that ev
eryone bring dance records.
International Club will sponsor its
bi-weekly mixer tonight at Chez
Yvonne from 9 to 1. ' I Club presi
dent Jose Raymundo stated that the
mixer is an all-campus affair.
Its purpose is to give both Ameri

can and foreign students a chance to
meet and talk in a social atmosphere.
Rides will leave the Cellar and the
Village Administration Building at
8:15 p.m. Raymundo asks that ev
eryone bring dance records.
International Club will sponsor its
bi-weekly mixer tonight at Chez
Yvonne from 9 to 1. ' I Club presi
dent Jose Raymundo stated that the
mixer is an all-campus affair.
Its purpose is to give both Ameri

can and foreign students a chance to
meet and talk in a social atmosphere.
Rides will leave the Cellar and the
Village Administration Building at
8:15 p.m. Raymundo asks that ev
eryone bring dance records.
