# Play Continues Run
## 
### 
Bernard Shaw's "Misalliance" will
be given repeat performances by the
Stanford Players tonight and to
morrow night at 8:15 in the Little
Theater.
A few tickets are still available.
Bernard Shaw's "Misalliance" will
be given repeat performances by the
Stanford Players tonight and to
morrow night at 8:15 in the Little
Theater.
A few tickets are still available.
Bernard Shaw's "Misalliance" will
be given repeat performances by the
Stanford Players tonight and to
morrow night at 8:15 in the Little
Theater.
A few tickets are still available.
Bernard Shaw's "Misalliance" will
be given repeat performances by the
Stanford Players tonight and to
morrow night at 8:15 in the Little
Theater.
A few tickets are still available.
Bernard Shaw's "Misalliance" will
be given repeat performances by the
Stanford Players tonight and to
morrow night at 8:15 in the Little
Theater.
A few tickets are still available.
Bernard Shaw's "Misalliance" will
be given repeat performances by the
Stanford Players tonight and to
morrow night at 8:15 in the Little
Theater.
A few tickets are still available.
Bernard Shaw's "Misalliance" will
be given repeat performances by the
Stanford Players tonight and to
morrow night at 8:15 in the Little
Theater.
A few tickets are still available.
Bernard Shaw's "Misalliance" will
be given repeat performances by the
Stanford Players tonight and to
morrow night at 8:15 in the Little
Theater.
A few tickets are still available.
Bernard Shaw's "Misalliance" will
be given repeat performances by the
Stanford Players tonight and to
morrow night at 8:15 in the Little
Theater.
A few tickets are still available.
Bernard Shaw's "Misalliance" will
be given repeat performances by the
Stanford Players tonight and to
morrow night at 8:15 in the Little
Theater.
A few tickets are still available.
Bernard Shaw's "Misalliance" will
be given repeat performances by the
Stanford Players tonight and to
morrow night at 8:15 in the Little
Theater.
A few tickets are still available.
Bernard Shaw's "Misalliance" will
be given repeat performances by the
Stanford Players tonight and to
morrow night at 8:15 in the Little
Theater.
A few tickets are still available.
Bernard Shaw's "Misalliance" will
be given repeat performances by the
Stanford Players tonight and to
morrow night at 8:15 in the Little
Theater.
A few tickets are still available.
Bernard Shaw's "Misalliance" will
be given repeat performances by the
Stanford Players tonight and to
morrow night at 8:15 in the Little
Theater.
A few tickets are still available.
Bernard Shaw's "Misalliance" will
be given repeat performances by the
Stanford Players tonight and to
morrow night at 8:15 in the Little
Theater.
A few tickets are still available.
