# Vet Credit Cards
## 
### 
Tomorrow is the last day vet
erans may use their credit cards
this quarter to buy hooks and
supplies at the Stanford Book
store.
Tomorrow is the last day vet
erans may use their credit cards
this quarter to buy hooks and
supplies at the Stanford Book
store.
Tomorrow is the last day vet
erans may use their credit cards
this quarter to buy hooks and
supplies at the Stanford Book
store.
Tomorrow is the last day vet
erans may use their credit cards
this quarter to buy hooks and
supplies at the Stanford Book
store.
Tomorrow is the last day vet
erans may use their credit cards
this quarter to buy hooks and
supplies at the Stanford Book
store.
Tomorrow is the last day vet
erans may use their credit cards
this quarter to buy hooks and
supplies at the Stanford Book
store.
Tomorrow is the last day vet
erans may use their credit cards
this quarter to buy hooks and
supplies at the Stanford Book
store.
Tomorrow is the last day vet
erans may use their credit cards
this quarter to buy hooks and
supplies at the Stanford Book
store.
Tomorrow is the last day vet
erans may use their credit cards
this quarter to buy hooks and
supplies at the Stanford Book
store.
Tomorrow is the last day vet
erans may use their credit cards
this quarter to buy hooks and
supplies at the Stanford Book
store.
Tomorrow is the last day vet
erans may use their credit cards
this quarter to buy hooks and
supplies at the Stanford Book
store.
Tomorrow is the last day vet
erans may use their credit cards
this quarter to buy hooks and
supplies at the Stanford Book
store.
Tomorrow is the last day vet
erans may use their credit cards
this quarter to buy hooks and
supplies at the Stanford Book
store.
Tomorrow is the last day vet
erans may use their credit cards
this quarter to buy hooks and
supplies at the Stanford Book
store.
Tomorrow is the last day vet
erans may use their credit cards
this quarter to buy hooks and
supplies at the Stanford Book
store.
