# Graduates Plan Dance Tomorrow
## 
### 
The graduate class will hold a
dance tomorrow from 9 to 11 p.m.
in the Stanford Room at Rickey's.
George Woodall's band will furnish
the music/
Tickets are $1.50 for members of
the Graduate Students' Association
and $1.75 for all non-members. AH
graduate students and their guests
are invited.
The dress for the occasion will be
cocktail dresses for the women and
suits for the men.
Tickets will be sold at the door
and by graduate representatives in
the dorms and in the various grad
uate schools.
The graduate class will hold a
cocktail party this afternoon from
4 to 6 at Frank's Steakhouse.
The graduate class will hold a
dance tomorrow from 9 to 11 p.m.
in the Stanford Room at Rickey's.
George Woodall's band will furnish
the music/
Tickets are $1.50 for members of
the Graduate Students' Association
and $1.75 for all non-members. AH
graduate students and their guests
are invited.
The dress for the occasion will be
cocktail dresses for the women and
suits for the men.
Tickets will be sold at the door
and by graduate representatives in
the dorms and in the various grad
uate schools.
The graduate class will hold a
cocktail party this afternoon from
4 to 6 at Frank's Steakhouse.
The graduate class will hold a
dance tomorrow from 9 to 11 p.m.
in the Stanford Room at Rickey's.
George Woodall's band will furnish
the music/
Tickets are $1.50 for members of
the Graduate Students' Association
and $1.75 for all non-members. AH
graduate students and their guests
are invited.
The dress for the occasion will be
cocktail dresses for the women and
suits for the men.
Tickets will be sold at the door
and by graduate representatives in
the dorms and in the various grad
uate schools.
The graduate class will hold a
cocktail party this afternoon from
4 to 6 at Frank's Steakhouse.
The graduate class will hold a
dance tomorrow from 9 to 11 p.m.
in the Stanford Room at Rickey's.
George Woodall's band will furnish
the music/
Tickets are $1.50 for members of
the Graduate Students' Association
and $1.75 for all non-members. AH
graduate students and their guests
are invited.
The dress for the occasion will be
cocktail dresses for the women and
suits for the men.
Tickets will be sold at the door
and by graduate representatives in
the dorms and in the various grad
uate schools.
The graduate class will hold a
cocktail party this afternoon from
4 to 6 at Frank's Steakhouse.
The graduate class will hold a
dance tomorrow from 9 to 11 p.m.
in the Stanford Room at Rickey's.
George Woodall's band will furnish
the music/
Tickets are $1.50 for members of
the Graduate Students' Association
and $1.75 for all non-members. AH
graduate students and their guests
are invited.
The dress for the occasion will be
cocktail dresses for the women and
suits for the men.
Tickets will be sold at the door
and by graduate representatives in
the dorms and in the various grad
uate schools.
The graduate class will hold a
cocktail party this afternoon from
4 to 6 at Frank's Steakhouse.
The graduate class will hold a
dance tomorrow from 9 to 11 p.m.
in the Stanford Room at Rickey's.
George Woodall's band will furnish
the music/
Tickets are $1.50 for members of
the Graduate Students' Association
and $1.75 for all non-members. AH
graduate students and their guests
are invited.
The dress for the occasion will be
cocktail dresses for the women and
suits for the men.
Tickets will be sold at the door
and by graduate representatives in
the dorms and in the various grad
uate schools.
The graduate class will hold a
cocktail party this afternoon from
4 to 6 at Frank's Steakhouse.
The graduate class will hold a
dance tomorrow from 9 to 11 p.m.
in the Stanford Room at Rickey's.
George Woodall's band will furnish
the music/
Tickets are $1.50 for members of
the Graduate Students' Association
and $1.75 for all non-members. AH
graduate students and their guests
are invited.
The dress for the occasion will be
cocktail dresses for the women and
suits for the men.
Tickets will be sold at the door
and by graduate representatives in
the dorms and in the various grad
uate schools.
The graduate class will hold a
cocktail party this afternoon from
4 to 6 at Frank's Steakhouse.
The graduate class will hold a
dance tomorrow from 9 to 11 p.m.
in the Stanford Room at Rickey's.
George Woodall's band will furnish
the music/
Tickets are $1.50 for members of
the Graduate Students' Association
and $1.75 for all non-members. AH
graduate students and their guests
are invited.
The dress for the occasion will be
cocktail dresses for the women and
suits for the men.
Tickets will be sold at the door
and by graduate representatives in
the dorms and in the various grad
uate schools.
The graduate class will hold a
cocktail party this afternoon from
4 to 6 at Frank's Steakhouse.
The graduate class will hold a
dance tomorrow from 9 to 11 p.m.
in the Stanford Room at Rickey's.
George Woodall's band will furnish
the music/
Tickets are $1.50 for members of
the Graduate Students' Association
and $1.75 for all non-members. AH
graduate students and their guests
are invited.
The dress for the occasion will be
cocktail dresses for the women and
suits for the men.
Tickets will be sold at the door
and by graduate representatives in
the dorms and in the various grad
uate schools.
The graduate class will hold a
cocktail party this afternoon from
4 to 6 at Frank's Steakhouse.
The graduate class will hold a
dance tomorrow from 9 to 11 p.m.
in the Stanford Room at Rickey's.
George Woodall's band will furnish
the music/
Tickets are $1.50 for members of
the Graduate Students' Association
and $1.75 for all non-members. AH
graduate students and their guests
are invited.
The dress for the occasion will be
cocktail dresses for the women and
suits for the men.
Tickets will be sold at the door
and by graduate representatives in
the dorms and in the various grad
uate schools.
The graduate class will hold a
cocktail party this afternoon from
4 to 6 at Frank's Steakhouse.
The graduate class will hold a
dance tomorrow from 9 to 11 p.m.
in the Stanford Room at Rickey's.
George Woodall's band will furnish
the music/
Tickets are $1.50 for members of
the Graduate Students' Association
and $1.75 for all non-members. AH
graduate students and their guests
are invited.
The dress for the occasion will be
cocktail dresses for the women and
suits for the men.
Tickets will be sold at the door
and by graduate representatives in
the dorms and in the various grad
uate schools.
The graduate class will hold a
cocktail party this afternoon from
4 to 6 at Frank's Steakhouse.
The graduate class will hold a
dance tomorrow from 9 to 11 p.m.
in the Stanford Room at Rickey's.
George Woodall's band will furnish
the music/
Tickets are $1.50 for members of
the Graduate Students' Association
and $1.75 for all non-members. AH
graduate students and their guests
are invited.
The dress for the occasion will be
cocktail dresses for the women and
suits for the men.
Tickets will be sold at the door
and by graduate representatives in
the dorms and in the various grad
uate schools.
The graduate class will hold a
cocktail party this afternoon from
4 to 6 at Frank's Steakhouse.
The graduate class will hold a
dance tomorrow from 9 to 11 p.m.
in the Stanford Room at Rickey's.
George Woodall's band will furnish
the music/
Tickets are $1.50 for members of
the Graduate Students' Association
and $1.75 for all non-members. AH
graduate students and their guests
are invited.
The dress for the occasion will be
cocktail dresses for the women and
suits for the men.
Tickets will be sold at the door
and by graduate representatives in
the dorms and in the various grad
uate schools.
The graduate class will hold a
cocktail party this afternoon from
4 to 6 at Frank's Steakhouse.
The graduate class will hold a
dance tomorrow from 9 to 11 p.m.
in the Stanford Room at Rickey's.
George Woodall's band will furnish
the music/
Tickets are $1.50 for members of
the Graduate Students' Association
and $1.75 for all non-members. AH
graduate students and their guests
are invited.
The dress for the occasion will be
cocktail dresses for the women and
suits for the men.
Tickets will be sold at the door
and by graduate representatives in
the dorms and in the various grad
uate schools.
The graduate class will hold a
cocktail party this afternoon from
4 to 6 at Frank's Steakhouse.
The graduate class will hold a
dance tomorrow from 9 to 11 p.m.
in the Stanford Room at Rickey's.
George Woodall's band will furnish
the music/
Tickets are $1.50 for members of
the Graduate Students' Association
and $1.75 for all non-members. AH
graduate students and their guests
are invited.
The dress for the occasion will be
cocktail dresses for the women and
suits for the men.
Tickets will be sold at the door
and by graduate representatives in
the dorms and in the various grad
uate schools.
The graduate class will hold a
cocktail party this afternoon from
4 to 6 at Frank's Steakhouse.
