# HEIM ELECTED
## 
### 
Larry Heim ha.s been elected sea
son's captain of the varsity swim
ming team, coach Tom Haynie an
nounced yesterday.
Larry Heim ha.s been elected sea
son's captain of the varsity swim
ming team, coach Tom Haynie an
nounced yesterday.
Larry Heim ha.s been elected sea
son's captain of the varsity swim
ming team, coach Tom Haynie an
nounced yesterday.
Larry Heim ha.s been elected sea
son's captain of the varsity swim
ming team, coach Tom Haynie an
nounced yesterday.
Larry Heim ha.s been elected sea
son's captain of the varsity swim
ming team, coach Tom Haynie an
nounced yesterday.
Larry Heim ha.s been elected sea
son's captain of the varsity swim
ming team, coach Tom Haynie an
nounced yesterday.
Larry Heim ha.s been elected sea
son's captain of the varsity swim
ming team, coach Tom Haynie an
nounced yesterday.
Larry Heim ha.s been elected sea
son's captain of the varsity swim
ming team, coach Tom Haynie an
nounced yesterday.
Larry Heim ha.s been elected sea
son's captain of the varsity swim
ming team, coach Tom Haynie an
nounced yesterday.
Larry Heim ha.s been elected sea
son's captain of the varsity swim
ming team, coach Tom Haynie an
nounced yesterday.
Larry Heim ha.s been elected sea
son's captain of the varsity swim
ming team, coach Tom Haynie an
nounced yesterday.
Larry Heim ha.s been elected sea
son's captain of the varsity swim
ming team, coach Tom Haynie an
nounced yesterday.
Larry Heim ha.s been elected sea
son's captain of the varsity swim
ming team, coach Tom Haynie an
nounced yesterday.
Larry Heim ha.s been elected sea
son's captain of the varsity swim
ming team, coach Tom Haynie an
nounced yesterday.
Larry Heim ha.s been elected sea
son's captain of the varsity swim
ming team, coach Tom Haynie an
nounced yesterday.
