# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
Greek Skit to Head
MSU Rally Tonight
A football rally for tomor
row's same with Michigan
State will be held at 6:45 to
night in front of the new
Union.
Songs and yells led by the
Pom-pon girls and the yell
leaders, speeches by members
of the Stanford football team,
and a skit on Plato, Socrates
and Aristotle are scheduled
for the rally.
Greek Skit to Head
MSU Rally Tonight
A football rally for tomor
row's same with Michigan
State will be held at 6:45 to
night in front of the new
Union.
Songs and yells led by the
Pom-pon girls and the yell
leaders, speeches by members
of the Stanford football team,
and a skit on Plato, Socrates
and Aristotle are scheduled
for the rally.
Greek Skit to Head
MSU Rally Tonight
A football rally for tomor
row's same with Michigan
State will be held at 6:45 to
night in front of the new
Union.
Songs and yells led by the
Pom-pon girls and the yell
leaders, speeches by members
of the Stanford football team,
and a skit on Plato, Socrates
and Aristotle are scheduled
for the rally.
Greek Skit to Head
MSU Rally Tonight
A football rally for tomor
row's same with Michigan
State will be held at 6:45 to
night in front of the new
Union.
Songs and yells led by the
Pom-pon girls and the yell
leaders, speeches by members
of the Stanford football team,
and a skit on Plato, Socrates
and Aristotle are scheduled
for the rally.
Greek Skit to Head
MSU Rally Tonight
A football rally for tomor
row's same with Michigan
State will be held at 6:45 to
night in front of the new
Union.
Songs and yells led by the
Pom-pon girls and the yell
leaders, speeches by members
of the Stanford football team,
and a skit on Plato, Socrates
and Aristotle are scheduled
for the rally.
Greek Skit to Head
MSU Rally Tonight
A football rally for tomor
row's same with Michigan
State will be held at 6:45 to
night in front of the new
Union.
Songs and yells led by the
Pom-pon girls and the yell
leaders, speeches by members
of the Stanford football team,
and a skit on Plato, Socrates
and Aristotle are scheduled
for the rally.
Greek Skit to Head
MSU Rally Tonight
A football rally for tomor
row's same with Michigan
State will be held at 6:45 to
night in front of the new
Union.
Songs and yells led by the
Pom-pon girls and the yell
leaders, speeches by members
of the Stanford football team,
and a skit on Plato, Socrates
and Aristotle are scheduled
for the rally.
Greek Skit to Head
MSU Rally Tonight
A football rally for tomor
row's same with Michigan
State will be held at 6:45 to
night in front of the new
Union.
Songs and yells led by the
Pom-pon girls and the yell
leaders, speeches by members
of the Stanford football team,
and a skit on Plato, Socrates
and Aristotle are scheduled
for the rally.
Greek Skit to Head
MSU Rally Tonight
A football rally for tomor
row's same with Michigan
State will be held at 6:45 to
night in front of the new
Union.
Songs and yells led by the
Pom-pon girls and the yell
leaders, speeches by members
of the Stanford football team,
and a skit on Plato, Socrates
and Aristotle are scheduled
for the rally.
Greek Skit to Head
MSU Rally Tonight
A football rally for tomor
row's same with Michigan
State will be held at 6:45 to
night in front of the new
Union.
Songs and yells led by the
Pom-pon girls and the yell
leaders, speeches by members
of the Stanford football team,
and a skit on Plato, Socrates
and Aristotle are scheduled
for the rally.
Greek Skit to Head
MSU Rally Tonight
A football rally for tomor
row's same with Michigan
State will be held at 6:45 to
night in front of the new
Union.
Songs and yells led by the
Pom-pon girls and the yell
leaders, speeches by members
of the Stanford football team,
and a skit on Plato, Socrates
and Aristotle are scheduled
for the rally.
Greek Skit to Head
MSU Rally Tonight
A football rally for tomor
row's same with Michigan
State will be held at 6:45 to
night in front of the new
Union.
Songs and yells led by the
Pom-pon girls and the yell
leaders, speeches by members
of the Stanford football team,
and a skit on Plato, Socrates
and Aristotle are scheduled
for the rally.
Greek Skit to Head
MSU Rally Tonight
A football rally for tomor
row's same with Michigan
State will be held at 6:45 to
night in front of the new
Union.
Songs and yells led by the
Pom-pon girls and the yell
leaders, speeches by members
of the Stanford football team,
and a skit on Plato, Socrates
and Aristotle are scheduled
for the rally.
Greek Skit to Head
MSU Rally Tonight
A football rally for tomor
row's same with Michigan
State will be held at 6:45 to
night in front of the new
Union.
Songs and yells led by the
Pom-pon girls and the yell
leaders, speeches by members
of the Stanford football team,
and a skit on Plato, Socrates
and Aristotle are scheduled
for the rally.
Greek Skit to Head
MSU Rally Tonight
A football rally for tomor
row's same with Michigan
State will be held at 6:45 to
night in front of the new
Union.
Songs and yells led by the
Pom-pon girls and the yell
leaders, speeches by members
of the Stanford football team,
and a skit on Plato, Socrates
and Aristotle are scheduled
for the rally.
Greek Skit to Head
MSU Rally Tonight
A football rally for tomor
row's same with Michigan
State will be held at 6:45 to
night in front of the new
Union.
Songs and yells led by the
Pom-pon girls and the yell
leaders, speeches by members
of the Stanford football team,
and a skit on Plato, Socrates
and Aristotle are scheduled
for the rally.
