# Untitled Article
## 
### 


ED BUDDE, I., and Dave Behrman, r., part of MSU's massive line, are expected to be two of the
Spartan's standouts against Stanford tomorrow. Budde, a tackle, is one of the fastest linemen on
the Spartan squad. Behrman, an all-American tackle last year, is regarded as one of the top cen
ters in the country.


ED BUDDE, I., and Dave Behrman, r., part of MSU's massive line, are expected to be two of the
Spartan's standouts against Stanford tomorrow. Budde, a tackle, is one of the fastest linemen on
the Spartan squad. Behrman, an all-American tackle last year, is regarded as one of the top cen
ters in the country.


ED BUDDE, I., and Dave Behrman, r., part of MSU's massive line, are expected to be two of the
Spartan's standouts against Stanford tomorrow. Budde, a tackle, is one of the fastest linemen on
the Spartan squad. Behrman, an all-American tackle last year, is regarded as one of the top cen
ters in the country.


ED BUDDE, I., and Dave Behrman, r., part of MSU's massive line, are expected to be two of the
Spartan's standouts against Stanford tomorrow. Budde, a tackle, is one of the fastest linemen on
the Spartan squad. Behrman, an all-American tackle last year, is regarded as one of the top cen
ters in the country.


ED BUDDE, I., and Dave Behrman, r., part of MSU's massive line, are expected to be two of the
Spartan's standouts against Stanford tomorrow. Budde, a tackle, is one of the fastest linemen on
the Spartan squad. Behrman, an all-American tackle last year, is regarded as one of the top cen
ters in the country.


ED BUDDE, I., and Dave Behrman, r., part of MSU's massive line, are expected to be two of the
Spartan's standouts against Stanford tomorrow. Budde, a tackle, is one of the fastest linemen on
the Spartan squad. Behrman, an all-American tackle last year, is regarded as one of the top cen
ters in the country.


ED BUDDE, I., and Dave Behrman, r., part of MSU's massive line, are expected to be two of the
Spartan's standouts against Stanford tomorrow. Budde, a tackle, is one of the fastest linemen on
the Spartan squad. Behrman, an all-American tackle last year, is regarded as one of the top cen
ters in the country.


ED BUDDE, I., and Dave Behrman, r., part of MSU's massive line, are expected to be two of the
Spartan's standouts against Stanford tomorrow. Budde, a tackle, is one of the fastest linemen on
the Spartan squad. Behrman, an all-American tackle last year, is regarded as one of the top cen
ters in the country.


ED BUDDE, I., and Dave Behrman, r., part of MSU's massive line, are expected to be two of the
Spartan's standouts against Stanford tomorrow. Budde, a tackle, is one of the fastest linemen on
the Spartan squad. Behrman, an all-American tackle last year, is regarded as one of the top cen
ters in the country.


ED BUDDE, I., and Dave Behrman, r., part of MSU's massive line, are expected to be two of the
Spartan's standouts against Stanford tomorrow. Budde, a tackle, is one of the fastest linemen on
the Spartan squad. Behrman, an all-American tackle last year, is regarded as one of the top cen
ters in the country.


ED BUDDE, I., and Dave Behrman, r., part of MSU's massive line, are expected to be two of the
Spartan's standouts against Stanford tomorrow. Budde, a tackle, is one of the fastest linemen on
the Spartan squad. Behrman, an all-American tackle last year, is regarded as one of the top cen
ters in the country.


ED BUDDE, I., and Dave Behrman, r., part of MSU's massive line, are expected to be two of the
Spartan's standouts against Stanford tomorrow. Budde, a tackle, is one of the fastest linemen on
the Spartan squad. Behrman, an all-American tackle last year, is regarded as one of the top cen
ters in the country.


ED BUDDE, I., and Dave Behrman, r., part of MSU's massive line, are expected to be two of the
Spartan's standouts against Stanford tomorrow. Budde, a tackle, is one of the fastest linemen on
the Spartan squad. Behrman, an all-American tackle last year, is regarded as one of the top cen
ters in the country.


ED BUDDE, I., and Dave Behrman, r., part of MSU's massive line, are expected to be two of the
Spartan's standouts against Stanford tomorrow. Budde, a tackle, is one of the fastest linemen on
the Spartan squad. Behrman, an all-American tackle last year, is regarded as one of the top cen
ters in the country.


ED BUDDE, I., and Dave Behrman, r., part of MSU's massive line, are expected to be two of the
Spartan's standouts against Stanford tomorrow. Budde, a tackle, is one of the fastest linemen on
the Spartan squad. Behrman, an all-American tackle last year, is regarded as one of the top cen
ters in the country.


ED BUDDE, I., and Dave Behrman, r., part of MSU's massive line, are expected to be two of the
Spartan's standouts against Stanford tomorrow. Budde, a tackle, is one of the fastest linemen on
the Spartan squad. Behrman, an all-American tackle last year, is regarded as one of the top cen
ters in the country.
