# 45 Grave Sleep in Safety
## 
### 
-45 Grave is perhaps the
best post-punk hand to
evolve out of the Los An
geles music scene. They are
horror rock hy its very defi
nition and every element of
this album reinforces the
band's image; from the
titles and lyrics of songs like
"Evil." "Phantoms" and
"Procession" to the photo
on the inside cover picturing
the band with white faces
and darkened eyes in a misty
graveyard.
Yet they are much more
diverse and combine ele
ments of heavy metal and
punk in this macabre set
ting. This synthesis stands

up only because each hand
member carries a particular
element of musical style
through the record.
The particular standouts
are Don Bolles on drums,
vocalist Dinah Cancer,
guitarist Paul Cutler and
Paul Roessler on keyboards.
Bolles keeps the rhythms of
the early punk scene alive
throughout the album with
an unrelenting high-energy
beat. Cutler on the other
hand has always been in
fatuated with distortion
and feedback guitar which
he has incorporated into
several tracks, in particular
you'll have a hard time con
vincing yourself that you
aren't listening to AC/DC
when you hear "Partytime."
Roessler is the latest ad
dition to the band and his
keyboards are a great en
hancement to the gothic,
churchlike quality of the
musical imagery.
The standout, however, is
Dinah Cancer, perhaps the
best female vocalist in the
alternative music scene. She
presents the lyrics (if each
song with raw energy and in

tensity yet without scream
ing incomprehensible noise
at the listener, a quality
that is very rare among
female vocalists of this
genre.
The album itself is a com
bination of old and new ma
terial. The old material such
as "Evil" and "Phantoms"
has been cleaned up and
revitalized into better ver
sions. The new material is
less punk and more gothic in
nature: keyboards dominate
the opening sequences which
lead to constantly changing
rhythms as guitars and
organ-like keyboards trade
off lead roles. The theme of
the album lies in the realm
of evil and despair in a
modern world captured by
images of darkness and sub
conscious conflict. 45 Grave
certainly is the band to con
vey these ideas. Not every
one will join the 45 Grave
Memorial Society (translate
as "fan club") but the al
bum certainly deserves a lis
ten and will leave its mark
on the alternative music
scene.
â€” Johnathan Pregler


Knigmu Records
