# ON'N OFF THE CAMPUS
## Charles Bates Married 
### 
Charles E. H. Bates, '21, and Eliza
beth Black of Pelham, N. Y., were
married recently. Mrs. Bates is a
graduate nurse. Bates is finishing his
last year in medicine at the Cornell
University Medical School. He is a
member of the Phi Chi Medical fra
ternity.
* * »
Charles E. H. Bates, '21, and Eliza
beth Black of Pelham, N. Y., were
married recently. Mrs. Bates is a
graduate nurse. Bates is finishing his
last year in medicine at the Cornell
University Medical School. He is a
member of the Phi Chi Medical fra
ternity.
* * »
Charles E. H. Bates, '21, and Eliza
beth Black of Pelham, N. Y., were
married recently. Mrs. Bates is a
graduate nurse. Bates is finishing his
last year in medicine at the Cornell
University Medical School. He is a
member of the Phi Chi Medical fra
ternity.
* * »
Charles E. H. Bates, '21, and Eliza
beth Black of Pelham, N. Y., were
married recently. Mrs. Bates is a
graduate nurse. Bates is finishing his
last year in medicine at the Cornell
University Medical School. He is a
member of the Phi Chi Medical fra
ternity.
* * »
Charles E. H. Bates, '21, and Eliza
beth Black of Pelham, N. Y., were
married recently. Mrs. Bates is a
graduate nurse. Bates is finishing his
last year in medicine at the Cornell
University Medical School. He is a
member of the Phi Chi Medical fra
ternity.
* * »
Charles E. H. Bates, '21, and Eliza
beth Black of Pelham, N. Y., were
married recently. Mrs. Bates is a
graduate nurse. Bates is finishing his
last year in medicine at the Cornell
University Medical School. He is a
member of the Phi Chi Medical fra
ternity.
* * »
Charles E. H. Bates, '21, and Eliza
beth Black of Pelham, N. Y., were
married recently. Mrs. Bates is a
graduate nurse. Bates is finishing his
last year in medicine at the Cornell
University Medical School. He is a
member of the Phi Chi Medical fra
ternity.
* * »
Charles E. H. Bates, '21, and Eliza
beth Black of Pelham, N. Y., were
married recently. Mrs. Bates is a
graduate nurse. Bates is finishing his
last year in medicine at the Cornell
University Medical School. He is a
member of the Phi Chi Medical fra
ternity.
* * »
Charles E. H. Bates, '21, and Eliza
beth Black of Pelham, N. Y., were
married recently. Mrs. Bates is a
graduate nurse. Bates is finishing his
last year in medicine at the Cornell
University Medical School. He is a
member of the Phi Chi Medical fra
ternity.
* * »
Charles E. H. Bates, '21, and Eliza
beth Black of Pelham, N. Y., were
married recently. Mrs. Bates is a
graduate nurse. Bates is finishing his
last year in medicine at the Cornell
University Medical School. He is a
member of the Phi Chi Medical fra
ternity.
* * »
Charles E. H. Bates, '21, and Eliza
beth Black of Pelham, N. Y., were
married recently. Mrs. Bates is a
graduate nurse. Bates is finishing his
last year in medicine at the Cornell
University Medical School. He is a
member of the Phi Chi Medical fra
ternity.
* * »
Charles E. H. Bates, '21, and Eliza
beth Black of Pelham, N. Y., were
married recently. Mrs. Bates is a
graduate nurse. Bates is finishing his
last year in medicine at the Cornell
University Medical School. He is a
member of the Phi Chi Medical fra
ternity.
* * »
Charles E. H. Bates, '21, and Eliza
beth Black of Pelham, N. Y., were
married recently. Mrs. Bates is a
graduate nurse. Bates is finishing his
last year in medicine at the Cornell
University Medical School. He is a
member of the Phi Chi Medical fra
ternity.
* * »
Charles E. H. Bates, '21, and Eliza
beth Black of Pelham, N. Y., were
married recently. Mrs. Bates is a
graduate nurse. Bates is finishing his
last year in medicine at the Cornell
University Medical School. He is a
member of the Phi Chi Medical fra
ternity.
* * »
Charles E. H. Bates, '21, and Eliza
beth Black of Pelham, N. Y., were
married recently. Mrs. Bates is a
graduate nurse. Bates is finishing his
last year in medicine at the Cornell
University Medical School. He is a
member of the Phi Chi Medical fra
ternity.
* * »
