# Honor Conferred On Stanford Prof
## 
### 
A Stanford hedonist received an
international honor yesterday when
lie was notified that he had been
appointed by the International Geo
graphical Union as a corresponding
member of its Commission for the
Study of Pliocene and Pleistocene
Terraces.
Dr. Arthur D. Howard, associate
professor of mineral sciences, re
ceived word of the appointment,
made # at a meeting in Lisbon, Por
tugal, from Professor Paul Macar of
the University of Liege in Belgium.
A Stanford hedonist received an
international honor yesterday when
lie was notified that he had been
appointed by the International Geo
graphical Union as a corresponding
member of its Commission for the
Study of Pliocene and Pleistocene
Terraces.
Dr. Arthur D. Howard, associate
professor of mineral sciences, re
ceived word of the appointment,
made # at a meeting in Lisbon, Por
tugal, from Professor Paul Macar of
the University of Liege in Belgium.
A Stanford hedonist received an
international honor yesterday when
lie was notified that he had been
appointed by the International Geo
graphical Union as a corresponding
member of its Commission for the
Study of Pliocene and Pleistocene
Terraces.
Dr. Arthur D. Howard, associate
professor of mineral sciences, re
ceived word of the appointment,
made # at a meeting in Lisbon, Por
tugal, from Professor Paul Macar of
the University of Liege in Belgium.
A Stanford hedonist received an
international honor yesterday when
lie was notified that he had been
appointed by the International Geo
graphical Union as a corresponding
member of its Commission for the
Study of Pliocene and Pleistocene
Terraces.
Dr. Arthur D. Howard, associate
professor of mineral sciences, re
ceived word of the appointment,
made # at a meeting in Lisbon, Por
tugal, from Professor Paul Macar of
the University of Liege in Belgium.
A Stanford hedonist received an
international honor yesterday when
lie was notified that he had been
appointed by the International Geo
graphical Union as a corresponding
member of its Commission for the
Study of Pliocene and Pleistocene
Terraces.
Dr. Arthur D. Howard, associate
professor of mineral sciences, re
ceived word of the appointment,
made # at a meeting in Lisbon, Por
tugal, from Professor Paul Macar of
the University of Liege in Belgium.
A Stanford hedonist received an
international honor yesterday when
lie was notified that he had been
appointed by the International Geo
graphical Union as a corresponding
member of its Commission for the
Study of Pliocene and Pleistocene
Terraces.
Dr. Arthur D. Howard, associate
professor of mineral sciences, re
ceived word of the appointment,
made # at a meeting in Lisbon, Por
tugal, from Professor Paul Macar of
the University of Liege in Belgium.
A Stanford hedonist received an
international honor yesterday when
lie was notified that he had been
appointed by the International Geo
graphical Union as a corresponding
member of its Commission for the
Study of Pliocene and Pleistocene
Terraces.
Dr. Arthur D. Howard, associate
professor of mineral sciences, re
ceived word of the appointment,
made # at a meeting in Lisbon, Por
tugal, from Professor Paul Macar of
the University of Liege in Belgium.
A Stanford hedonist received an
international honor yesterday when
lie was notified that he had been
appointed by the International Geo
graphical Union as a corresponding
member of its Commission for the
Study of Pliocene and Pleistocene
Terraces.
Dr. Arthur D. Howard, associate
professor of mineral sciences, re
ceived word of the appointment,
made # at a meeting in Lisbon, Por
tugal, from Professor Paul Macar of
the University of Liege in Belgium.
A Stanford hedonist received an
international honor yesterday when
lie was notified that he had been
appointed by the International Geo
graphical Union as a corresponding
member of its Commission for the
Study of Pliocene and Pleistocene
Terraces.
Dr. Arthur D. Howard, associate
professor of mineral sciences, re
ceived word of the appointment,
made # at a meeting in Lisbon, Por
tugal, from Professor Paul Macar of
the University of Liege in Belgium.
A Stanford hedonist received an
international honor yesterday when
lie was notified that he had been
appointed by the International Geo
graphical Union as a corresponding
member of its Commission for the
Study of Pliocene and Pleistocene
Terraces.
Dr. Arthur D. Howard, associate
professor of mineral sciences, re
ceived word of the appointment,
made # at a meeting in Lisbon, Por
tugal, from Professor Paul Macar of
the University of Liege in Belgium.
A Stanford hedonist received an
international honor yesterday when
lie was notified that he had been
appointed by the International Geo
graphical Union as a corresponding
member of its Commission for the
Study of Pliocene and Pleistocene
Terraces.
Dr. Arthur D. Howard, associate
professor of mineral sciences, re
ceived word of the appointment,
made # at a meeting in Lisbon, Por
tugal, from Professor Paul Macar of
the University of Liege in Belgium.
A Stanford hedonist received an
international honor yesterday when
lie was notified that he had been
appointed by the International Geo
graphical Union as a corresponding
member of its Commission for the
Study of Pliocene and Pleistocene
Terraces.
Dr. Arthur D. Howard, associate
professor of mineral sciences, re
ceived word of the appointment,
made # at a meeting in Lisbon, Por
tugal, from Professor Paul Macar of
the University of Liege in Belgium.
A Stanford hedonist received an
international honor yesterday when
lie was notified that he had been
appointed by the International Geo
graphical Union as a corresponding
member of its Commission for the
Study of Pliocene and Pleistocene
Terraces.
Dr. Arthur D. Howard, associate
professor of mineral sciences, re
ceived word of the appointment,
made # at a meeting in Lisbon, Por
tugal, from Professor Paul Macar of
the University of Liege in Belgium.
A Stanford hedonist received an
international honor yesterday when
lie was notified that he had been
appointed by the International Geo
graphical Union as a corresponding
member of its Commission for the
Study of Pliocene and Pleistocene
Terraces.
Dr. Arthur D. Howard, associate
professor of mineral sciences, re
ceived word of the appointment,
made # at a meeting in Lisbon, Por
tugal, from Professor Paul Macar of
the University of Liege in Belgium.
