# Quartet to Play Piece by Ratner
## 
### 
A program of contemporary music
wil! be given in Memorial Hall at
8:15 tomorrow night by the Califor
nia String Quartet and Bernhard
, Abramowitsch and his company.
Tickets for the concert, priced at
$1.20, arc on sale at the Peninsula
Box Office in Palo Alto and at Room
Temporary Building B, on the
campus. They will also be sold at
the box office before the perform
ance.
The concert will be given by the
Composers' Forum under the aus
pices of the University's Committee
on Public Exercisse. One of the fea
tures of the program wil! be the
presentation by the quartet of a
composition, "String Quartet in E,"
written in 1942 by Leonard Ratncr
of the Stanford Music Department
faculty.
