# NSA Resolution Asks for Federal Aid to Students
## 
### 
Federal aid to education was on
the agenda of the second national
student congress of the National
Student Association held at the
University of Illinois in August,
1949.
Since August, an active effort has
been made to draw up a specific
program and have a corresponding
bill introduced into the U.S. Con
gress.
The student congress passed a
resolution giving federal scholarship
and fellowship grants to students
chosen on the basis of an objective
examination, merit, and need. The
resolution also provided that the
student have the right to choose his
own curriculum and accredited uni
versity.
Included in the resolution was a
stipulation against federal control or
pressure on the student or institu
tion and discrimination because of
race, sex. religion, color, national
origin, or political belief.
On December 12 and 13, 1949, two
NSA representatives attended a
meeting of the American Council on
ducation to draft proposals for fed
eral scholarships. A report was
drawn up which established the de
sired amount of grants-in-aid at
$750 per academic year for under
graduate students. There was no
program for graduate students.
According to the report, selection
of students would be handled by a
national examination, but final
choice would be subject to the dis
cretion of the State Scholarship
Board. Awards will go to students
just entering college and a limited
number of those already enrolled
and in need of aid.
Federal aid to education was on
the agenda of the second national
student congress of the National
Student Association held at the
University of Illinois in August,
1949.
Since August, an active effort has
been made to draw up a specific
program and have a corresponding
bill introduced into the U.S. Con
gress.
The student congress passed a
resolution giving federal scholarship
and fellowship grants to students
chosen on the basis of an objective
examination, merit, and need. The
resolution also provided that the
student have the right to choose his
own curriculum and accredited uni
versity.
Included in the resolution was a
stipulation against federal control or
pressure on the student or institu
tion and discrimination because of
race, sex. religion, color, national
origin, or political belief.
On December 12 and 13, 1949, two
NSA representatives attended a
meeting of the American Council on
ducation to draft proposals for fed
eral scholarships. A report was
drawn up which established the de
sired amount of grants-in-aid at
$750 per academic year for under
graduate students. There was no
program for graduate students.
According to the report, selection
of students would be handled by a
national examination, but final
choice would be subject to the dis
cretion of the State Scholarship
Board. Awards will go to students
just entering college and a limited
number of those already enrolled
and in need of aid.
Federal aid to education was on
the agenda of the second national
student congress of the National
Student Association held at the
University of Illinois in August,
1949.
Since August, an active effort has
been made to draw up a specific
program and have a corresponding
bill introduced into the U.S. Con
gress.
The student congress passed a
resolution giving federal scholarship
and fellowship grants to students
chosen on the basis of an objective
examination, merit, and need. The
resolution also provided that the
student have the right to choose his
own curriculum and accredited uni
versity.
Included in the resolution was a
stipulation against federal control or
pressure on the student or institu
tion and discrimination because of
race, sex. religion, color, national
origin, or political belief.
On December 12 and 13, 1949, two
NSA representatives attended a
meeting of the American Council on
ducation to draft proposals for fed
eral scholarships. A report was
drawn up which established the de
sired amount of grants-in-aid at
$750 per academic year for under
graduate students. There was no
program for graduate students.
According to the report, selection
of students would be handled by a
national examination, but final
choice would be subject to the dis
cretion of the State Scholarship
Board. Awards will go to students
just entering college and a limited
number of those already enrolled
and in need of aid.
Federal aid to education was on
the agenda of the second national
student congress of the National
Student Association held at the
University of Illinois in August,
1949.
Since August, an active effort has
been made to draw up a specific
program and have a corresponding
bill introduced into the U.S. Con
gress.
The student congress passed a
resolution giving federal scholarship
and fellowship grants to students
chosen on the basis of an objective
examination, merit, and need. The
resolution also provided that the
student have the right to choose his
own curriculum and accredited uni
versity.
Included in the resolution was a
stipulation against federal control or
pressure on the student or institu
tion and discrimination because of
race, sex. religion, color, national
origin, or political belief.
On December 12 and 13, 1949, two
NSA representatives attended a
meeting of the American Council on
ducation to draft proposals for fed
eral scholarships. A report was
drawn up which established the de
sired amount of grants-in-aid at
$750 per academic year for under
graduate students. There was no
program for graduate students.
According to the report, selection
of students would be handled by a
national examination, but final
choice would be subject to the dis
cretion of the State Scholarship
Board. Awards will go to students
just entering college and a limited
number of those already enrolled
and in need of aid.
Federal aid to education was on
the agenda of the second national
student congress of the National
Student Association held at the
University of Illinois in August,
1949.
Since August, an active effort has
been made to draw up a specific
program and have a corresponding
bill introduced into the U.S. Con
gress.
The student congress passed a
resolution giving federal scholarship
and fellowship grants to students
chosen on the basis of an objective
examination, merit, and need. The
resolution also provided that the
student have the right to choose his
own curriculum and accredited uni
versity.
Included in the resolution was a
stipulation against federal control or
pressure on the student or institu
tion and discrimination because of
race, sex. religion, color, national
origin, or political belief.
On December 12 and 13, 1949, two
NSA representatives attended a
meeting of the American Council on
ducation to draft proposals for fed
eral scholarships. A report was
drawn up which established the de
sired amount of grants-in-aid at
$750 per academic year for under
graduate students. There was no
program for graduate students.
According to the report, selection
of students would be handled by a
national examination, but final
choice would be subject to the dis
cretion of the State Scholarship
Board. Awards will go to students
just entering college and a limited
number of those already enrolled
and in need of aid.
Federal aid to education was on
the agenda of the second national
student congress of the National
Student Association held at the
University of Illinois in August,
1949.
Since August, an active effort has
been made to draw up a specific
program and have a corresponding
bill introduced into the U.S. Con
gress.
The student congress passed a
resolution giving federal scholarship
and fellowship grants to students
chosen on the basis of an objective
examination, merit, and need. The
resolution also provided that the
student have the right to choose his
own curriculum and accredited uni
versity.
Included in the resolution was a
stipulation against federal control or
pressure on the student or institu
tion and discrimination because of
race, sex. religion, color, national
origin, or political belief.
On December 12 and 13, 1949, two
NSA representatives attended a
meeting of the American Council on
ducation to draft proposals for fed
eral scholarships. A report was
drawn up which established the de
sired amount of grants-in-aid at
$750 per academic year for under
graduate students. There was no
program for graduate students.
According to the report, selection
of students would be handled by a
national examination, but final
choice would be subject to the dis
cretion of the State Scholarship
Board. Awards will go to students
just entering college and a limited
number of those already enrolled
and in need of aid.
Federal aid to education was on
the agenda of the second national
student congress of the National
Student Association held at the
University of Illinois in August,
1949.
Since August, an active effort has
been made to draw up a specific
program and have a corresponding
bill introduced into the U.S. Con
gress.
The student congress passed a
resolution giving federal scholarship
and fellowship grants to students
chosen on the basis of an objective
examination, merit, and need. The
resolution also provided that the
student have the right to choose his
own curriculum and accredited uni
versity.
Included in the resolution was a
stipulation against federal control or
pressure on the student or institu
tion and discrimination because of
race, sex. religion, color, national
origin, or political belief.
On December 12 and 13, 1949, two
NSA representatives attended a
meeting of the American Council on
ducation to draft proposals for fed
eral scholarships. A report was
drawn up which established the de
sired amount of grants-in-aid at
$750 per academic year for under
graduate students. There was no
program for graduate students.
According to the report, selection
of students would be handled by a
national examination, but final
choice would be subject to the dis
cretion of the State Scholarship
Board. Awards will go to students
just entering college and a limited
number of those already enrolled
and in need of aid.
Federal aid to education was on
the agenda of the second national
student congress of the National
Student Association held at the
University of Illinois in August,
1949.
Since August, an active effort has
been made to draw up a specific
program and have a corresponding
bill introduced into the U.S. Con
gress.
The student congress passed a
resolution giving federal scholarship
and fellowship grants to students
chosen on the basis of an objective
examination, merit, and need. The
resolution also provided that the
student have the right to choose his
own curriculum and accredited uni
versity.
Included in the resolution was a
stipulation against federal control or
pressure on the student or institu
tion and discrimination because of
race, sex. religion, color, national
origin, or political belief.
On December 12 and 13, 1949, two
NSA representatives attended a
meeting of the American Council on
ducation to draft proposals for fed
eral scholarships. A report was
drawn up which established the de
sired amount of grants-in-aid at
$750 per academic year for under
graduate students. There was no
program for graduate students.
According to the report, selection
of students would be handled by a
national examination, but final
choice would be subject to the dis
cretion of the State Scholarship
Board. Awards will go to students
just entering college and a limited
number of those already enrolled
and in need of aid.
Federal aid to education was on
the agenda of the second national
student congress of the National
Student Association held at the
University of Illinois in August,
1949.
Since August, an active effort has
been made to draw up a specific
program and have a corresponding
bill introduced into the U.S. Con
gress.
The student congress passed a
resolution giving federal scholarship
and fellowship grants to students
chosen on the basis of an objective
examination, merit, and need. The
resolution also provided that the
student have the right to choose his
own curriculum and accredited uni
versity.
Included in the resolution was a
stipulation against federal control or
pressure on the student or institu
tion and discrimination because of
race, sex. religion, color, national
origin, or political belief.
On December 12 and 13, 1949, two
NSA representatives attended a
meeting of the American Council on
ducation to draft proposals for fed
eral scholarships. A report was
drawn up which established the de
sired amount of grants-in-aid at
$750 per academic year for under
graduate students. There was no
program for graduate students.
According to the report, selection
of students would be handled by a
national examination, but final
choice would be subject to the dis
cretion of the State Scholarship
Board. Awards will go to students
just entering college and a limited
number of those already enrolled
and in need of aid.
Federal aid to education was on
the agenda of the second national
student congress of the National
Student Association held at the
University of Illinois in August,
1949.
Since August, an active effort has
been made to draw up a specific
program and have a corresponding
bill introduced into the U.S. Con
gress.
The student congress passed a
resolution giving federal scholarship
and fellowship grants to students
chosen on the basis of an objective
examination, merit, and need. The
resolution also provided that the
student have the right to choose his
own curriculum and accredited uni
versity.
Included in the resolution was a
stipulation against federal control or
pressure on the student or institu
tion and discrimination because of
race, sex. religion, color, national
origin, or political belief.
On December 12 and 13, 1949, two
NSA representatives attended a
meeting of the American Council on
ducation to draft proposals for fed
eral scholarships. A report was
drawn up which established the de
sired amount of grants-in-aid at
$750 per academic year for under
graduate students. There was no
program for graduate students.
According to the report, selection
of students would be handled by a
national examination, but final
choice would be subject to the dis
cretion of the State Scholarship
Board. Awards will go to students
just entering college and a limited
number of those already enrolled
and in need of aid.
Federal aid to education was on
the agenda of the second national
student congress of the National
Student Association held at the
University of Illinois in August,
1949.
Since August, an active effort has
been made to draw up a specific
program and have a corresponding
bill introduced into the U.S. Con
gress.
The student congress passed a
resolution giving federal scholarship
and fellowship grants to students
chosen on the basis of an objective
examination, merit, and need. The
resolution also provided that the
student have the right to choose his
own curriculum and accredited uni
versity.
Included in the resolution was a
stipulation against federal control or
pressure on the student or institu
tion and discrimination because of
race, sex. religion, color, national
origin, or political belief.
On December 12 and 13, 1949, two
NSA representatives attended a
meeting of the American Council on
ducation to draft proposals for fed
eral scholarships. A report was
drawn up which established the de
sired amount of grants-in-aid at
$750 per academic year for under
graduate students. There was no
program for graduate students.
According to the report, selection
of students would be handled by a
national examination, but final
choice would be subject to the dis
cretion of the State Scholarship
Board. Awards will go to students
just entering college and a limited
number of those already enrolled
and in need of aid.
Federal aid to education was on
the agenda of the second national
student congress of the National
Student Association held at the
University of Illinois in August,
1949.
Since August, an active effort has
been made to draw up a specific
program and have a corresponding
bill introduced into the U.S. Con
gress.
The student congress passed a
resolution giving federal scholarship
and fellowship grants to students
chosen on the basis of an objective
examination, merit, and need. The
resolution also provided that the
student have the right to choose his
own curriculum and accredited uni
versity.
Included in the resolution was a
stipulation against federal control or
pressure on the student or institu
tion and discrimination because of
race, sex. religion, color, national
origin, or political belief.
On December 12 and 13, 1949, two
NSA representatives attended a
meeting of the American Council on
ducation to draft proposals for fed
eral scholarships. A report was
drawn up which established the de
sired amount of grants-in-aid at
$750 per academic year for under
graduate students. There was no
program for graduate students.
According to the report, selection
of students would be handled by a
national examination, but final
choice would be subject to the dis
cretion of the State Scholarship
Board. Awards will go to students
just entering college and a limited
number of those already enrolled
and in need of aid.
Federal aid to education was on
the agenda of the second national
student congress of the National
Student Association held at the
University of Illinois in August,
1949.
Since August, an active effort has
been made to draw up a specific
program and have a corresponding
bill introduced into the U.S. Con
gress.
The student congress passed a
resolution giving federal scholarship
and fellowship grants to students
chosen on the basis of an objective
examination, merit, and need. The
resolution also provided that the
student have the right to choose his
own curriculum and accredited uni
versity.
Included in the resolution was a
stipulation against federal control or
pressure on the student or institu
tion and discrimination because of
race, sex. religion, color, national
origin, or political belief.
On December 12 and 13, 1949, two
NSA representatives attended a
meeting of the American Council on
ducation to draft proposals for fed
eral scholarships. A report was
drawn up which established the de
sired amount of grants-in-aid at
$750 per academic year for under
graduate students. There was no
program for graduate students.
According to the report, selection
of students would be handled by a
national examination, but final
choice would be subject to the dis
cretion of the State Scholarship
Board. Awards will go to students
just entering college and a limited
number of those already enrolled
and in need of aid.
Federal aid to education was on
the agenda of the second national
student congress of the National
Student Association held at the
University of Illinois in August,
1949.
Since August, an active effort has
been made to draw up a specific
program and have a corresponding
bill introduced into the U.S. Con
gress.
The student congress passed a
resolution giving federal scholarship
and fellowship grants to students
chosen on the basis of an objective
examination, merit, and need. The
resolution also provided that the
student have the right to choose his
own curriculum and accredited uni
versity.
Included in the resolution was a
stipulation against federal control or
pressure on the student or institu
tion and discrimination because of
race, sex. religion, color, national
origin, or political belief.
On December 12 and 13, 1949, two
NSA representatives attended a
meeting of the American Council on
ducation to draft proposals for fed
eral scholarships. A report was
drawn up which established the de
sired amount of grants-in-aid at
$750 per academic year for under
graduate students. There was no
program for graduate students.
According to the report, selection
of students would be handled by a
national examination, but final
choice would be subject to the dis
cretion of the State Scholarship
Board. Awards will go to students
just entering college and a limited
number of those already enrolled
and in need of aid.
