# Adv. 32 Page 7
## 
### 
H
GAY GIBSON
FROCKS
For Dates, For
Street and Campus
New novelty weaves in
gold, beige, green, rust,
and blue. Sizes 9 to 15.
Very specially priced.
5.95 7.95 10.95
Ballins
530 Ramona St.
H
GAY GIBSON
FROCKS
For Dates, For
Street and Campus
New novelty weaves in
gold, beige, green, rust,
and blue. Sizes 9 to 15.
Very specially priced.
5.95 7.95 10.95
Ballins
530 Ramona St.
H
GAY GIBSON
FROCKS
For Dates, For
Street and Campus
New novelty weaves in
gold, beige, green, rust,
and blue. Sizes 9 to 15.
Very specially priced.
5.95 7.95 10.95
Ballins
530 Ramona St.
H
GAY GIBSON
FROCKS
For Dates, For
Street and Campus
New novelty weaves in
gold, beige, green, rust,
and blue. Sizes 9 to 15.
Very specially priced.
5.95 7.95 10.95
Ballins
530 Ramona St.
H
GAY GIBSON
FROCKS
For Dates, For
Street and Campus
New novelty weaves in
gold, beige, green, rust,
and blue. Sizes 9 to 15.
Very specially priced.
5.95 7.95 10.95
Ballins
530 Ramona St.
H
GAY GIBSON
FROCKS
For Dates, For
Street and Campus
New novelty weaves in
gold, beige, green, rust,
and blue. Sizes 9 to 15.
Very specially priced.
5.95 7.95 10.95
Ballins
530 Ramona St.
H
GAY GIBSON
FROCKS
For Dates, For
Street and Campus
New novelty weaves in
gold, beige, green, rust,
and blue. Sizes 9 to 15.
Very specially priced.
5.95 7.95 10.95
Ballins
530 Ramona St.
H
GAY GIBSON
FROCKS
For Dates, For
Street and Campus
New novelty weaves in
gold, beige, green, rust,
and blue. Sizes 9 to 15.
Very specially priced.
5.95 7.95 10.95
Ballins
530 Ramona St.
H
GAY GIBSON
FROCKS
For Dates, For
Street and Campus
New novelty weaves in
gold, beige, green, rust,
and blue. Sizes 9 to 15.
Very specially priced.
5.95 7.95 10.95
Ballins
530 Ramona St.
H
GAY GIBSON
FROCKS
For Dates, For
Street and Campus
New novelty weaves in
gold, beige, green, rust,
and blue. Sizes 9 to 15.
Very specially priced.
5.95 7.95 10.95
Ballins
530 Ramona St.
H
GAY GIBSON
FROCKS
For Dates, For
Street and Campus
New novelty weaves in
gold, beige, green, rust,
and blue. Sizes 9 to 15.
Very specially priced.
5.95 7.95 10.95
Ballins
530 Ramona St.
H
GAY GIBSON
FROCKS
For Dates, For
Street and Campus
New novelty weaves in
gold, beige, green, rust,
and blue. Sizes 9 to 15.
Very specially priced.
5.95 7.95 10.95
Ballins
530 Ramona St.
H
GAY GIBSON
FROCKS
For Dates, For
Street and Campus
New novelty weaves in
gold, beige, green, rust,
and blue. Sizes 9 to 15.
Very specially priced.
5.95 7.95 10.95
Ballins
530 Ramona St.
H
GAY GIBSON
FROCKS
For Dates, For
Street and Campus
New novelty weaves in
gold, beige, green, rust,
and blue. Sizes 9 to 15.
Very specially priced.
5.95 7.95 10.95
Ballins
530 Ramona St.
H
GAY GIBSON
FROCKS
For Dates, For
Street and Campus
New novelty weaves in
gold, beige, green, rust,
and blue. Sizes 9 to 15.
Very specially priced.
5.95 7.95 10.95
Ballins
530 Ramona St.
H
GAY GIBSON
FROCKS
For Dates, For
Street and Campus
New novelty weaves in
gold, beige, green, rust,
and blue. Sizes 9 to 15.
Very specially priced.
5.95 7.95 10.95
Ballins
530 Ramona St.
H
GAY GIBSON
FROCKS
For Dates, For
Street and Campus
New novelty weaves in
gold, beige, green, rust,
and blue. Sizes 9 to 15.
Very specially priced.
5.95 7.95 10.95
Ballins
530 Ramona St.
H
GAY GIBSON
FROCKS
For Dates, For
Street and Campus
New novelty weaves in
gold, beige, green, rust,
and blue. Sizes 9 to 15.
Very specially priced.
5.95 7.95 10.95
Ballins
530 Ramona St.
