# Negro Athlete Vies With Brud Holland
## 
### 
One of the greatest negro football
players of all time, the great Drud
Hollaud of Cornell, is now being
given stiff competition by an 18-
year-old sensation, from Ithaca, N.Y.
named Sam Pierce.
Pierce is an honor student, a bril
liant broken-field runner, and can
pass with either hand equally well.
One of the greatest negro football
players of all time, the great Drud
Hollaud of Cornell, is now being
given stiff competition by an 18-
year-old sensation, from Ithaca, N.Y.
named Sam Pierce.
Pierce is an honor student, a bril
liant broken-field runner, and can
pass with either hand equally well.
One of the greatest negro football
players of all time, the great Drud
Hollaud of Cornell, is now being
given stiff competition by an 18-
year-old sensation, from Ithaca, N.Y.
named Sam Pierce.
Pierce is an honor student, a bril
liant broken-field runner, and can
pass with either hand equally well.
One of the greatest negro football
players of all time, the great Drud
Hollaud of Cornell, is now being
given stiff competition by an 18-
year-old sensation, from Ithaca, N.Y.
named Sam Pierce.
Pierce is an honor student, a bril
liant broken-field runner, and can
pass with either hand equally well.
One of the greatest negro football
players of all time, the great Drud
Hollaud of Cornell, is now being
given stiff competition by an 18-
year-old sensation, from Ithaca, N.Y.
named Sam Pierce.
Pierce is an honor student, a bril
liant broken-field runner, and can
pass with either hand equally well.
One of the greatest negro football
players of all time, the great Drud
Hollaud of Cornell, is now being
given stiff competition by an 18-
year-old sensation, from Ithaca, N.Y.
named Sam Pierce.
Pierce is an honor student, a bril
liant broken-field runner, and can
pass with either hand equally well.
One of the greatest negro football
players of all time, the great Drud
Hollaud of Cornell, is now being
given stiff competition by an 18-
year-old sensation, from Ithaca, N.Y.
named Sam Pierce.
Pierce is an honor student, a bril
liant broken-field runner, and can
pass with either hand equally well.
One of the greatest negro football
players of all time, the great Drud
Hollaud of Cornell, is now being
given stiff competition by an 18-
year-old sensation, from Ithaca, N.Y.
named Sam Pierce.
Pierce is an honor student, a bril
liant broken-field runner, and can
pass with either hand equally well.
One of the greatest negro football
players of all time, the great Drud
Hollaud of Cornell, is now being
given stiff competition by an 18-
year-old sensation, from Ithaca, N.Y.
named Sam Pierce.
Pierce is an honor student, a bril
liant broken-field runner, and can
pass with either hand equally well.
One of the greatest negro football
players of all time, the great Drud
Hollaud of Cornell, is now being
given stiff competition by an 18-
year-old sensation, from Ithaca, N.Y.
named Sam Pierce.
Pierce is an honor student, a bril
liant broken-field runner, and can
pass with either hand equally well.
One of the greatest negro football
players of all time, the great Drud
Hollaud of Cornell, is now being
given stiff competition by an 18-
year-old sensation, from Ithaca, N.Y.
named Sam Pierce.
Pierce is an honor student, a bril
liant broken-field runner, and can
pass with either hand equally well.
One of the greatest negro football
players of all time, the great Drud
Hollaud of Cornell, is now being
given stiff competition by an 18-
year-old sensation, from Ithaca, N.Y.
named Sam Pierce.
Pierce is an honor student, a bril
liant broken-field runner, and can
pass with either hand equally well.
One of the greatest negro football
players of all time, the great Drud
Hollaud of Cornell, is now being
given stiff competition by an 18-
year-old sensation, from Ithaca, N.Y.
named Sam Pierce.
Pierce is an honor student, a bril
liant broken-field runner, and can
pass with either hand equally well.
One of the greatest negro football
players of all time, the great Drud
Hollaud of Cornell, is now being
given stiff competition by an 18-
year-old sensation, from Ithaca, N.Y.
named Sam Pierce.
Pierce is an honor student, a bril
liant broken-field runner, and can
pass with either hand equally well.
One of the greatest negro football
players of all time, the great Drud
Hollaud of Cornell, is now being
given stiff competition by an 18-
year-old sensation, from Ithaca, N.Y.
named Sam Pierce.
Pierce is an honor student, a bril
liant broken-field runner, and can
pass with either hand equally well.
One of the greatest negro football
players of all time, the great Drud
Hollaud of Cornell, is now being
given stiff competition by an 18-
year-old sensation, from Ithaca, N.Y.
named Sam Pierce.
Pierce is an honor student, a bril
liant broken-field runner, and can
pass with either hand equally well.
One of the greatest negro football
players of all time, the great Drud
Hollaud of Cornell, is now being
given stiff competition by an 18-
year-old sensation, from Ithaca, N.Y.
named Sam Pierce.
Pierce is an honor student, a bril
liant broken-field runner, and can
pass with either hand equally well.
One of the greatest negro football
players of all time, the great Drud
Hollaud of Cornell, is now being
given stiff competition by an 18-
year-old sensation, from Ithaca, N.Y.
named Sam Pierce.
Pierce is an honor student, a bril
liant broken-field runner, and can
pass with either hand equally well.
