# PHI SIG PLEDGE
## 
### 
Phi Sigma Kappa announces Ihe
edging of Landon R. Wheeler, '38.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces Ihe
edging of Landon R. Wheeler, '38.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces Ihe
edging of Landon R. Wheeler, '38.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces Ihe
edging of Landon R. Wheeler, '38.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces Ihe
edging of Landon R. Wheeler, '38.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces Ihe
edging of Landon R. Wheeler, '38.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces Ihe
edging of Landon R. Wheeler, '38.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces Ihe
edging of Landon R. Wheeler, '38.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces Ihe
edging of Landon R. Wheeler, '38.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces Ihe
edging of Landon R. Wheeler, '38.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces Ihe
edging of Landon R. Wheeler, '38.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces Ihe
edging of Landon R. Wheeler, '38.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces Ihe
edging of Landon R. Wheeler, '38.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces Ihe
edging of Landon R. Wheeler, '38.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces Ihe
edging of Landon R. Wheeler, '38.
