# Basketball Men Hold Practice.
## 
### 
The men interested in the formation
of a basketball team, held a short
practice yesterday afternoon on the
court outside of the Encina Gymna
sium. Practice in basket throwing
and light scrimmage was indulged in.
The men interested in the formation
of a basketball team, held a short
practice yesterday afternoon on the
court outside of the Encina Gymna
sium. Practice in basket throwing
and light scrimmage was indulged in.
The men interested in the formation
of a basketball team, held a short
practice yesterday afternoon on the
court outside of the Encina Gymna
sium. Practice in basket throwing
and light scrimmage was indulged in.
The men interested in the formation
of a basketball team, held a short
practice yesterday afternoon on the
court outside of the Encina Gymna
sium. Practice in basket throwing
and light scrimmage was indulged in.
The men interested in the formation
of a basketball team, held a short
practice yesterday afternoon on the
court outside of the Encina Gymna
sium. Practice in basket throwing
and light scrimmage was indulged in.
The men interested in the formation
of a basketball team, held a short
practice yesterday afternoon on the
court outside of the Encina Gymna
sium. Practice in basket throwing
and light scrimmage was indulged in.
The men interested in the formation
of a basketball team, held a short
practice yesterday afternoon on the
court outside of the Encina Gymna
sium. Practice in basket throwing
and light scrimmage was indulged in.
The men interested in the formation
of a basketball team, held a short
practice yesterday afternoon on the
court outside of the Encina Gymna
sium. Practice in basket throwing
and light scrimmage was indulged in.
The men interested in the formation
of a basketball team, held a short
practice yesterday afternoon on the
court outside of the Encina Gymna
sium. Practice in basket throwing
and light scrimmage was indulged in.
The men interested in the formation
of a basketball team, held a short
practice yesterday afternoon on the
court outside of the Encina Gymna
sium. Practice in basket throwing
and light scrimmage was indulged in.
The men interested in the formation
of a basketball team, held a short
practice yesterday afternoon on the
court outside of the Encina Gymna
sium. Practice in basket throwing
and light scrimmage was indulged in.
