# Untitled Article
## 
### 
"No protest agim-st Crawford
has heeii received from Califor
nia., as none is allowed in such
a ease as the present one, The
determination of Crawford's eli
gibility lies solely witii me, as
a ikiaii may he protested by the
other university only on a ques
tion of amateur standing.
"Crawford has been out of
college two consecutive semes
ters, which under the present
intercollegiate agreement, make
one college year, and there
fore he is eligible. This state
ment of eligibility I am acting
on, went into effect in 3!MC> by
common consent of hoth univer
sities. Under the old agreement
Crawford, would Inive been in
t'iigihle."â€”l)r. F. Angeil.
