# Iron Curtain Talk Will Open Winter Tuesday Series
## 
### 
"Life at the Iron Curtain To
day" will be the topic of tomor
row evening's lecture in Memo
rial Auditorium, the first of the
winter quarter Tuesday Series.
The speaker will be Dr. Paul L.
Dengler, an Austrian citizen and
internationally known educator
and lecturer. His talk, subtitled
"The Miracle of Austria — The
Glory of Hungary," will bo pre
sented to the public without
charge at 7:30.
Dengler is the founder and for
mer director of the Austro-Ameri
ean Institute of Education. He
has been a Carnegie visiting pro
fessor at American universities
six times and has conducted nine
lectures throughout the United
States under the Institute of In
ternational Education auspices.
"Life at the Iron Curtain To
day" will be the topic of tomor
row evening's lecture in Memo
rial Auditorium, the first of the
winter quarter Tuesday Series.
The speaker will be Dr. Paul L.
Dengler, an Austrian citizen and
internationally known educator
and lecturer. His talk, subtitled
"The Miracle of Austria — The
Glory of Hungary," will bo pre
sented to the public without
charge at 7:30.
Dengler is the founder and for
mer director of the Austro-Ameri
ean Institute of Education. He
has been a Carnegie visiting pro
fessor at American universities
six times and has conducted nine
lectures throughout the United
States under the Institute of In
ternational Education auspices.
"Life at the Iron Curtain To
day" will be the topic of tomor
row evening's lecture in Memo
rial Auditorium, the first of the
winter quarter Tuesday Series.
The speaker will be Dr. Paul L.
Dengler, an Austrian citizen and
internationally known educator
and lecturer. His talk, subtitled
"The Miracle of Austria — The
Glory of Hungary," will bo pre
sented to the public without
charge at 7:30.
Dengler is the founder and for
mer director of the Austro-Ameri
ean Institute of Education. He
has been a Carnegie visiting pro
fessor at American universities
six times and has conducted nine
lectures throughout the United
States under the Institute of In
ternational Education auspices.
"Life at the Iron Curtain To
day" will be the topic of tomor
row evening's lecture in Memo
rial Auditorium, the first of the
winter quarter Tuesday Series.
The speaker will be Dr. Paul L.
Dengler, an Austrian citizen and
internationally known educator
and lecturer. His talk, subtitled
"The Miracle of Austria — The
Glory of Hungary," will bo pre
sented to the public without
charge at 7:30.
Dengler is the founder and for
mer director of the Austro-Ameri
ean Institute of Education. He
has been a Carnegie visiting pro
fessor at American universities
six times and has conducted nine
lectures throughout the United
States under the Institute of In
ternational Education auspices.
"Life at the Iron Curtain To
day" will be the topic of tomor
row evening's lecture in Memo
rial Auditorium, the first of the
winter quarter Tuesday Series.
The speaker will be Dr. Paul L.
Dengler, an Austrian citizen and
internationally known educator
and lecturer. His talk, subtitled
"The Miracle of Austria — The
Glory of Hungary," will bo pre
sented to the public without
charge at 7:30.
Dengler is the founder and for
mer director of the Austro-Ameri
ean Institute of Education. He
has been a Carnegie visiting pro
fessor at American universities
six times and has conducted nine
lectures throughout the United
States under the Institute of In
ternational Education auspices.
"Life at the Iron Curtain To
day" will be the topic of tomor
row evening's lecture in Memo
rial Auditorium, the first of the
winter quarter Tuesday Series.
The speaker will be Dr. Paul L.
Dengler, an Austrian citizen and
internationally known educator
and lecturer. His talk, subtitled
"The Miracle of Austria — The
Glory of Hungary," will bo pre
sented to the public without
charge at 7:30.
Dengler is the founder and for
mer director of the Austro-Ameri
ean Institute of Education. He
has been a Carnegie visiting pro
fessor at American universities
six times and has conducted nine
lectures throughout the United
States under the Institute of In
ternational Education auspices.
"Life at the Iron Curtain To
day" will be the topic of tomor
row evening's lecture in Memo
rial Auditorium, the first of the
winter quarter Tuesday Series.
The speaker will be Dr. Paul L.
Dengler, an Austrian citizen and
internationally known educator
and lecturer. His talk, subtitled
"The Miracle of Austria — The
Glory of Hungary," will bo pre
sented to the public without
charge at 7:30.
Dengler is the founder and for
mer director of the Austro-Ameri
ean Institute of Education. He
has been a Carnegie visiting pro
fessor at American universities
six times and has conducted nine
lectures throughout the United
States under the Institute of In
ternational Education auspices.
"Life at the Iron Curtain To
day" will be the topic of tomor
row evening's lecture in Memo
rial Auditorium, the first of the
winter quarter Tuesday Series.
The speaker will be Dr. Paul L.
Dengler, an Austrian citizen and
internationally known educator
and lecturer. His talk, subtitled
"The Miracle of Austria — The
Glory of Hungary," will bo pre
sented to the public without
charge at 7:30.
Dengler is the founder and for
mer director of the Austro-Ameri
ean Institute of Education. He
has been a Carnegie visiting pro
fessor at American universities
six times and has conducted nine
lectures throughout the United
States under the Institute of In
ternational Education auspices.
"Life at the Iron Curtain To
day" will be the topic of tomor
row evening's lecture in Memo
rial Auditorium, the first of the
winter quarter Tuesday Series.
The speaker will be Dr. Paul L.
Dengler, an Austrian citizen and
internationally known educator
and lecturer. His talk, subtitled
"The Miracle of Austria — The
Glory of Hungary," will bo pre
sented to the public without
charge at 7:30.
Dengler is the founder and for
mer director of the Austro-Ameri
ean Institute of Education. He
has been a Carnegie visiting pro
fessor at American universities
six times and has conducted nine
lectures throughout the United
States under the Institute of In
ternational Education auspices.
"Life at the Iron Curtain To
day" will be the topic of tomor
row evening's lecture in Memo
rial Auditorium, the first of the
winter quarter Tuesday Series.
The speaker will be Dr. Paul L.
Dengler, an Austrian citizen and
internationally known educator
and lecturer. His talk, subtitled
"The Miracle of Austria — The
Glory of Hungary," will bo pre
sented to the public without
charge at 7:30.
Dengler is the founder and for
mer director of the Austro-Ameri
ean Institute of Education. He
has been a Carnegie visiting pro
fessor at American universities
six times and has conducted nine
lectures throughout the United
States under the Institute of In
ternational Education auspices.
"Life at the Iron Curtain To
day" will be the topic of tomor
row evening's lecture in Memo
rial Auditorium, the first of the
winter quarter Tuesday Series.
The speaker will be Dr. Paul L.
Dengler, an Austrian citizen and
internationally known educator
and lecturer. His talk, subtitled
"The Miracle of Austria — The
Glory of Hungary," will bo pre
sented to the public without
charge at 7:30.
Dengler is the founder and for
mer director of the Austro-Ameri
ean Institute of Education. He
has been a Carnegie visiting pro
fessor at American universities
six times and has conducted nine
lectures throughout the United
States under the Institute of In
ternational Education auspices.
"Life at the Iron Curtain To
day" will be the topic of tomor
row evening's lecture in Memo
rial Auditorium, the first of the
winter quarter Tuesday Series.
The speaker will be Dr. Paul L.
Dengler, an Austrian citizen and
internationally known educator
and lecturer. His talk, subtitled
"The Miracle of Austria — The
Glory of Hungary," will bo pre
sented to the public without
charge at 7:30.
Dengler is the founder and for
mer director of the Austro-Ameri
ean Institute of Education. He
has been a Carnegie visiting pro
fessor at American universities
six times and has conducted nine
lectures throughout the United
States under the Institute of In
ternational Education auspices.
"Life at the Iron Curtain To
day" will be the topic of tomor
row evening's lecture in Memo
rial Auditorium, the first of the
winter quarter Tuesday Series.
The speaker will be Dr. Paul L.
Dengler, an Austrian citizen and
internationally known educator
and lecturer. His talk, subtitled
"The Miracle of Austria — The
Glory of Hungary," will bo pre
sented to the public without
charge at 7:30.
Dengler is the founder and for
mer director of the Austro-Ameri
ean Institute of Education. He
has been a Carnegie visiting pro
fessor at American universities
six times and has conducted nine
lectures throughout the United
States under the Institute of In
ternational Education auspices.
"Life at the Iron Curtain To
day" will be the topic of tomor
row evening's lecture in Memo
rial Auditorium, the first of the
winter quarter Tuesday Series.
The speaker will be Dr. Paul L.
Dengler, an Austrian citizen and
internationally known educator
and lecturer. His talk, subtitled
"The Miracle of Austria — The
Glory of Hungary," will bo pre
sented to the public without
charge at 7:30.
Dengler is the founder and for
mer director of the Austro-Ameri
ean Institute of Education. He
has been a Carnegie visiting pro
fessor at American universities
six times and has conducted nine
lectures throughout the United
States under the Institute of In
ternational Education auspices.
"Life at the Iron Curtain To
day" will be the topic of tomor
row evening's lecture in Memo
rial Auditorium, the first of the
winter quarter Tuesday Series.
The speaker will be Dr. Paul L.
Dengler, an Austrian citizen and
internationally known educator
and lecturer. His talk, subtitled
"The Miracle of Austria — The
Glory of Hungary," will bo pre
sented to the public without
charge at 7:30.
Dengler is the founder and for
mer director of the Austro-Ameri
ean Institute of Education. He
has been a Carnegie visiting pro
fessor at American universities
six times and has conducted nine
lectures throughout the United
States under the Institute of In
ternational Education auspices.
"Life at the Iron Curtain To
day" will be the topic of tomor
row evening's lecture in Memo
rial Auditorium, the first of the
winter quarter Tuesday Series.
The speaker will be Dr. Paul L.
Dengler, an Austrian citizen and
internationally known educator
and lecturer. His talk, subtitled
"The Miracle of Austria — The
Glory of Hungary," will bo pre
sented to the public without
charge at 7:30.
Dengler is the founder and for
mer director of the Austro-Ameri
ean Institute of Education. He
has been a Carnegie visiting pro
fessor at American universities
six times and has conducted nine
lectures throughout the United
States under the Institute of In
ternational Education auspices.
