# Farm Grad Wins Diplomatic Post
## 
### 
Stanford graduate Robert von
Pagenhardt ha.s been appointed a
career foreign service officer by
President Eisenhower, the State
Department, has announced. The
appointment makes him a vice
consul and a secretary in the Dip
lomatic Service.
Von Pagenhardt received his
15.A. degree from Stanford in 1048
and his M.A. degree from the In
stitute du Pantheon in Paris in
I!).")(). He also attended George
town University, Queens College,
Southwestern Louisiana Institute,
Fa< ulte fie Droit, University of
Bordeaux, University of Paris and
University du Koln.
Prior to joining the foreign
service, von Pagenhardt had been
executive assistant and instructor
in political science at Stanford.
Stanford graduate Robert von
Pagenhardt ha.s been appointed a
career foreign service officer by
President Eisenhower, the State
Department, has announced. The
appointment makes him a vice
consul and a secretary in the Dip
lomatic Service.
Von Pagenhardt received his
15.A. degree from Stanford in 1048
and his M.A. degree from the In
stitute du Pantheon in Paris in
I!).")(). He also attended George
town University, Queens College,
Southwestern Louisiana Institute,
Fa< ulte fie Droit, University of
Bordeaux, University of Paris and
University du Koln.
Prior to joining the foreign
service, von Pagenhardt had been
executive assistant and instructor
in political science at Stanford.
Stanford graduate Robert von
Pagenhardt ha.s been appointed a
career foreign service officer by
President Eisenhower, the State
Department, has announced. The
appointment makes him a vice
consul and a secretary in the Dip
lomatic Service.
Von Pagenhardt received his
15.A. degree from Stanford in 1048
and his M.A. degree from the In
stitute du Pantheon in Paris in
I!).")(). He also attended George
town University, Queens College,
Southwestern Louisiana Institute,
Fa< ulte fie Droit, University of
Bordeaux, University of Paris and
University du Koln.
Prior to joining the foreign
service, von Pagenhardt had been
executive assistant and instructor
in political science at Stanford.
Stanford graduate Robert von
Pagenhardt ha.s been appointed a
career foreign service officer by
President Eisenhower, the State
Department, has announced. The
appointment makes him a vice
consul and a secretary in the Dip
lomatic Service.
Von Pagenhardt received his
15.A. degree from Stanford in 1048
and his M.A. degree from the In
stitute du Pantheon in Paris in
I!).")(). He also attended George
town University, Queens College,
Southwestern Louisiana Institute,
Fa< ulte fie Droit, University of
Bordeaux, University of Paris and
University du Koln.
Prior to joining the foreign
service, von Pagenhardt had been
executive assistant and instructor
in political science at Stanford.
Stanford graduate Robert von
Pagenhardt ha.s been appointed a
career foreign service officer by
President Eisenhower, the State
Department, has announced. The
appointment makes him a vice
consul and a secretary in the Dip
lomatic Service.
Von Pagenhardt received his
15.A. degree from Stanford in 1048
and his M.A. degree from the In
stitute du Pantheon in Paris in
I!).")(). He also attended George
town University, Queens College,
Southwestern Louisiana Institute,
Fa< ulte fie Droit, University of
Bordeaux, University of Paris and
University du Koln.
Prior to joining the foreign
service, von Pagenhardt had been
executive assistant and instructor
in political science at Stanford.
Stanford graduate Robert von
Pagenhardt ha.s been appointed a
career foreign service officer by
President Eisenhower, the State
Department, has announced. The
appointment makes him a vice
consul and a secretary in the Dip
lomatic Service.
Von Pagenhardt received his
15.A. degree from Stanford in 1048
and his M.A. degree from the In
stitute du Pantheon in Paris in
I!).")(). He also attended George
town University, Queens College,
Southwestern Louisiana Institute,
Fa< ulte fie Droit, University of
Bordeaux, University of Paris and
University du Koln.
Prior to joining the foreign
service, von Pagenhardt had been
executive assistant and instructor
in political science at Stanford.
Stanford graduate Robert von
Pagenhardt ha.s been appointed a
career foreign service officer by
President Eisenhower, the State
Department, has announced. The
appointment makes him a vice
consul and a secretary in the Dip
lomatic Service.
Von Pagenhardt received his
15.A. degree from Stanford in 1048
and his M.A. degree from the In
stitute du Pantheon in Paris in
I!).")(). He also attended George
town University, Queens College,
Southwestern Louisiana Institute,
Fa< ulte fie Droit, University of
Bordeaux, University of Paris and
University du Koln.
Prior to joining the foreign
service, von Pagenhardt had been
executive assistant and instructor
in political science at Stanford.
Stanford graduate Robert von
Pagenhardt ha.s been appointed a
career foreign service officer by
President Eisenhower, the State
Department, has announced. The
appointment makes him a vice
consul and a secretary in the Dip
lomatic Service.
Von Pagenhardt received his
15.A. degree from Stanford in 1048
and his M.A. degree from the In
stitute du Pantheon in Paris in
I!).")(). He also attended George
town University, Queens College,
Southwestern Louisiana Institute,
Fa< ulte fie Droit, University of
Bordeaux, University of Paris and
University du Koln.
Prior to joining the foreign
service, von Pagenhardt had been
executive assistant and instructor
in political science at Stanford.
Stanford graduate Robert von
Pagenhardt ha.s been appointed a
career foreign service officer by
President Eisenhower, the State
Department, has announced. The
appointment makes him a vice
consul and a secretary in the Dip
lomatic Service.
Von Pagenhardt received his
15.A. degree from Stanford in 1048
and his M.A. degree from the In
stitute du Pantheon in Paris in
I!).")(). He also attended George
town University, Queens College,
Southwestern Louisiana Institute,
Fa< ulte fie Droit, University of
Bordeaux, University of Paris and
University du Koln.
Prior to joining the foreign
service, von Pagenhardt had been
executive assistant and instructor
in political science at Stanford.
Stanford graduate Robert von
Pagenhardt ha.s been appointed a
career foreign service officer by
President Eisenhower, the State
Department, has announced. The
appointment makes him a vice
consul and a secretary in the Dip
lomatic Service.
Von Pagenhardt received his
15.A. degree from Stanford in 1048
and his M.A. degree from the In
stitute du Pantheon in Paris in
I!).")(). He also attended George
town University, Queens College,
Southwestern Louisiana Institute,
Fa< ulte fie Droit, University of
Bordeaux, University of Paris and
University du Koln.
Prior to joining the foreign
service, von Pagenhardt had been
executive assistant and instructor
in political science at Stanford.
Stanford graduate Robert von
Pagenhardt ha.s been appointed a
career foreign service officer by
President Eisenhower, the State
Department, has announced. The
appointment makes him a vice
consul and a secretary in the Dip
lomatic Service.
Von Pagenhardt received his
15.A. degree from Stanford in 1048
and his M.A. degree from the In
stitute du Pantheon in Paris in
I!).")(). He also attended George
town University, Queens College,
Southwestern Louisiana Institute,
Fa< ulte fie Droit, University of
Bordeaux, University of Paris and
University du Koln.
Prior to joining the foreign
service, von Pagenhardt had been
executive assistant and instructor
in political science at Stanford.
Stanford graduate Robert von
Pagenhardt ha.s been appointed a
career foreign service officer by
President Eisenhower, the State
Department, has announced. The
appointment makes him a vice
consul and a secretary in the Dip
lomatic Service.
Von Pagenhardt received his
15.A. degree from Stanford in 1048
and his M.A. degree from the In
stitute du Pantheon in Paris in
I!).")(). He also attended George
town University, Queens College,
Southwestern Louisiana Institute,
Fa< ulte fie Droit, University of
Bordeaux, University of Paris and
University du Koln.
Prior to joining the foreign
service, von Pagenhardt had been
executive assistant and instructor
in political science at Stanford.
Stanford graduate Robert von
Pagenhardt ha.s been appointed a
career foreign service officer by
President Eisenhower, the State
Department, has announced. The
appointment makes him a vice
consul and a secretary in the Dip
lomatic Service.
Von Pagenhardt received his
15.A. degree from Stanford in 1048
and his M.A. degree from the In
stitute du Pantheon in Paris in
I!).")(). He also attended George
town University, Queens College,
Southwestern Louisiana Institute,
Fa< ulte fie Droit, University of
Bordeaux, University of Paris and
University du Koln.
Prior to joining the foreign
service, von Pagenhardt had been
executive assistant and instructor
in political science at Stanford.
Stanford graduate Robert von
Pagenhardt ha.s been appointed a
career foreign service officer by
President Eisenhower, the State
Department, has announced. The
appointment makes him a vice
consul and a secretary in the Dip
lomatic Service.
Von Pagenhardt received his
15.A. degree from Stanford in 1048
and his M.A. degree from the In
stitute du Pantheon in Paris in
I!).")(). He also attended George
town University, Queens College,
Southwestern Louisiana Institute,
Fa< ulte fie Droit, University of
Bordeaux, University of Paris and
University du Koln.
Prior to joining the foreign
service, von Pagenhardt had been
executive assistant and instructor
in political science at Stanford.
Stanford graduate Robert von
Pagenhardt ha.s been appointed a
career foreign service officer by
President Eisenhower, the State
Department, has announced. The
appointment makes him a vice
consul and a secretary in the Dip
lomatic Service.
Von Pagenhardt received his
15.A. degree from Stanford in 1048
and his M.A. degree from the In
stitute du Pantheon in Paris in
I!).")(). He also attended George
town University, Queens College,
Southwestern Louisiana Institute,
Fa< ulte fie Droit, University of
Bordeaux, University of Paris and
University du Koln.
Prior to joining the foreign
service, von Pagenhardt had been
executive assistant and instructor
in political science at Stanford.
Stanford graduate Robert von
Pagenhardt ha.s been appointed a
career foreign service officer by
President Eisenhower, the State
Department, has announced. The
appointment makes him a vice
consul and a secretary in the Dip
lomatic Service.
Von Pagenhardt received his
15.A. degree from Stanford in 1048
and his M.A. degree from the In
stitute du Pantheon in Paris in
I!).")(). He also attended George
town University, Queens College,
Southwestern Louisiana Institute,
Fa< ulte fie Droit, University of
Bordeaux, University of Paris and
University du Koln.
Prior to joining the foreign
service, von Pagenhardt had been
executive assistant and instructor
in political science at Stanford.
