# Stanford Vollyballers Take Fourth
## DAILY Sports 
### 
On March 19 and 20, a volley
ball team composed of seven
Stanford students participated
in the Santa Barbara Invitation
al Collegiate Volleyball Tourna
ment. Junior college and college
teams from all over California
participated in the two day af
fair. Tired mentally and physi
cally from finals and only hav
ing played together a few times
(UCLA gives scholarships!),

the Stanford six managed a
fourth against the top college
teams in the nation.
After beating University of
California at Santa Barbara in
the first round, Stanford lost to
nationally-ranked UCLA in a
close three game match. Led by
John Taylor, 1964 Olympian, and
Bob Conrad, a former college

All-American at Santa Monica
City College, the Indians upset
the Bruins in the second game,
only to lose in the third, 15-8.
This put the Tribe into the los
ers' bracket, where they pro
ceeded to whip San Fernando
State College, San Diego State
College, and Loyola of Los An
geles. They then lost to Santa
Monica City College, who took
second behind UCLA. San Jose
State was third. Other members
of the Stanford squad were Bill
Twist, Tuck Petersen, Chris
McLachlin, Scott Porter, and
John Meek.
Stanford's hopes are high for
the Far Western championships,
which will be held April 15 at
Alameda Naval Air Station in
Oakland. Virtually the same
teams will participate in the
tournament, and a high placing
here almost assures a high rank
ing in the nation.
On March 19 and 20, a volley
ball team composed of seven
Stanford students participated
in the Santa Barbara Invitation
al Collegiate Volleyball Tourna
ment. Junior college and college
teams from all over California
participated in the two day af
fair. Tired mentally and physi
cally from finals and only hav
ing played together a few times
(UCLA gives scholarships!),

the Stanford six managed a
fourth against the top college
teams in the nation.
After beating University of
California at Santa Barbara in
the first round, Stanford lost to
nationally-ranked UCLA in a
close three game match. Led by
John Taylor, 1964 Olympian, and
Bob Conrad, a former college

All-American at Santa Monica
City College, the Indians upset
the Bruins in the second game,
only to lose in the third, 15-8.
This put the Tribe into the los
ers' bracket, where they pro
ceeded to whip San Fernando
State College, San Diego State
College, and Loyola of Los An
geles. They then lost to Santa
Monica City College, who took
second behind UCLA. San Jose
State was third. Other members
of the Stanford squad were Bill
Twist, Tuck Petersen, Chris
McLachlin, Scott Porter, and
John Meek.
Stanford's hopes are high for
the Far Western championships,
which will be held April 15 at
Alameda Naval Air Station in
Oakland. Virtually the same
teams will participate in the
tournament, and a high placing
here almost assures a high rank
ing in the nation.
On March 19 and 20, a volley
ball team composed of seven
Stanford students participated
in the Santa Barbara Invitation
al Collegiate Volleyball Tourna
ment. Junior college and college
teams from all over California
participated in the two day af
fair. Tired mentally and physi
cally from finals and only hav
ing played together a few times
(UCLA gives scholarships!),

the Stanford six managed a
fourth against the top college
teams in the nation.
After beating University of
California at Santa Barbara in
the first round, Stanford lost to
nationally-ranked UCLA in a
close three game match. Led by
John Taylor, 1964 Olympian, and
Bob Conrad, a former college

All-American at Santa Monica
City College, the Indians upset
the Bruins in the second game,
only to lose in the third, 15-8.
This put the Tribe into the los
ers' bracket, where they pro
ceeded to whip San Fernando
State College, San Diego State
College, and Loyola of Los An
geles. They then lost to Santa
Monica City College, who took
second behind UCLA. San Jose
State was third. Other members
of the Stanford squad were Bill
Twist, Tuck Petersen, Chris
McLachlin, Scott Porter, and
John Meek.
Stanford's hopes are high for
the Far Western championships,
which will be held April 15 at
Alameda Naval Air Station in
Oakland. Virtually the same
teams will participate in the
tournament, and a high placing
here almost assures a high rank
ing in the nation.
On March 19 and 20, a volley
ball team composed of seven
Stanford students participated
in the Santa Barbara Invitation
al Collegiate Volleyball Tourna
ment. Junior college and college
teams from all over California
participated in the two day af
fair. Tired mentally and physi
cally from finals and only hav
ing played together a few times
(UCLA gives scholarships!),

the Stanford six managed a
fourth against the top college
teams in the nation.
After beating University of
California at Santa Barbara in
the first round, Stanford lost to
nationally-ranked UCLA in a
close three game match. Led by
John Taylor, 1964 Olympian, and
Bob Conrad, a former college

All-American at Santa Monica
City College, the Indians upset
the Bruins in the second game,
only to lose in the third, 15-8.
This put the Tribe into the los
ers' bracket, where they pro
ceeded to whip San Fernando
State College, San Diego State
College, and Loyola of Los An
geles. They then lost to Santa
Monica City College, who took
second behind UCLA. San Jose
State was third. Other members
of the Stanford squad were Bill
Twist, Tuck Petersen, Chris
McLachlin, Scott Porter, and
John Meek.
Stanford's hopes are high for
the Far Western championships,
which will be held April 15 at
Alameda Naval Air Station in
Oakland. Virtually the same
teams will participate in the
tournament, and a high placing
here almost assures a high rank
ing in the nation.
On March 19 and 20, a volley
ball team composed of seven
Stanford students participated
in the Santa Barbara Invitation
al Collegiate Volleyball Tourna
ment. Junior college and college
teams from all over California
participated in the two day af
fair. Tired mentally and physi
cally from finals and only hav
ing played together a few times
(UCLA gives scholarships!),

the Stanford six managed a
fourth against the top college
teams in the nation.
After beating University of
California at Santa Barbara in
the first round, Stanford lost to
nationally-ranked UCLA in a
close three game match. Led by
John Taylor, 1964 Olympian, and
Bob Conrad, a former college

All-American at Santa Monica
City College, the Indians upset
the Bruins in the second game,
only to lose in the third, 15-8.
This put the Tribe into the los
ers' bracket, where they pro
ceeded to whip San Fernando
State College, San Diego State
College, and Loyola of Los An
geles. They then lost to Santa
Monica City College, who took
second behind UCLA. San Jose
State was third. Other members
of the Stanford squad were Bill
Twist, Tuck Petersen, Chris
McLachlin, Scott Porter, and
John Meek.
Stanford's hopes are high for
the Far Western championships,
which will be held April 15 at
Alameda Naval Air Station in
Oakland. Virtually the same
teams will participate in the
tournament, and a high placing
here almost assures a high rank
ing in the nation.
On March 19 and 20, a volley
ball team composed of seven
Stanford students participated
in the Santa Barbara Invitation
al Collegiate Volleyball Tourna
ment. Junior college and college
teams from all over California
participated in the two day af
fair. Tired mentally and physi
cally from finals and only hav
ing played together a few times
(UCLA gives scholarships!),

the Stanford six managed a
fourth against the top college
teams in the nation.
After beating University of
California at Santa Barbara in
the first round, Stanford lost to
nationally-ranked UCLA in a
close three game match. Led by
John Taylor, 1964 Olympian, and
Bob Conrad, a former college

All-American at Santa Monica
City College, the Indians upset
the Bruins in the second game,
only to lose in the third, 15-8.
This put the Tribe into the los
ers' bracket, where they pro
ceeded to whip San Fernando
State College, San Diego State
College, and Loyola of Los An
geles. They then lost to Santa
Monica City College, who took
second behind UCLA. San Jose
State was third. Other members
of the Stanford squad were Bill
Twist, Tuck Petersen, Chris
McLachlin, Scott Porter, and
John Meek.
Stanford's hopes are high for
the Far Western championships,
which will be held April 15 at
Alameda Naval Air Station in
Oakland. Virtually the same
teams will participate in the
tournament, and a high placing
here almost assures a high rank
ing in the nation.
On March 19 and 20, a volley
ball team composed of seven
Stanford students participated
in the Santa Barbara Invitation
al Collegiate Volleyball Tourna
ment. Junior college and college
teams from all over California
participated in the two day af
fair. Tired mentally and physi
cally from finals and only hav
ing played together a few times
(UCLA gives scholarships!),

the Stanford six managed a
fourth against the top college
teams in the nation.
After beating University of
California at Santa Barbara in
the first round, Stanford lost to
nationally-ranked UCLA in a
close three game match. Led by
John Taylor, 1964 Olympian, and
Bob Conrad, a former college

All-American at Santa Monica
City College, the Indians upset
the Bruins in the second game,
only to lose in the third, 15-8.
This put the Tribe into the los
ers' bracket, where they pro
ceeded to whip San Fernando
State College, San Diego State
College, and Loyola of Los An
geles. They then lost to Santa
Monica City College, who took
second behind UCLA. San Jose
State was third. Other members
of the Stanford squad were Bill
Twist, Tuck Petersen, Chris
McLachlin, Scott Porter, and
John Meek.
Stanford's hopes are high for
the Far Western championships,
which will be held April 15 at
Alameda Naval Air Station in
Oakland. Virtually the same
teams will participate in the
tournament, and a high placing
here almost assures a high rank
ing in the nation.
On March 19 and 20, a volley
ball team composed of seven
Stanford students participated
in the Santa Barbara Invitation
al Collegiate Volleyball Tourna
ment. Junior college and college
teams from all over California
participated in the two day af
fair. Tired mentally and physi
cally from finals and only hav
ing played together a few times
(UCLA gives scholarships!),

the Stanford six managed a
fourth against the top college
teams in the nation.
After beating University of
California at Santa Barbara in
the first round, Stanford lost to
nationally-ranked UCLA in a
close three game match. Led by
John Taylor, 1964 Olympian, and
Bob Conrad, a former college

All-American at Santa Monica
City College, the Indians upset
the Bruins in the second game,
only to lose in the third, 15-8.
This put the Tribe into the los
ers' bracket, where they pro
ceeded to whip San Fernando
State College, San Diego State
College, and Loyola of Los An
geles. They then lost to Santa
Monica City College, who took
second behind UCLA. San Jose
State was third. Other members
of the Stanford squad were Bill
Twist, Tuck Petersen, Chris
McLachlin, Scott Porter, and
John Meek.
Stanford's hopes are high for
the Far Western championships,
which will be held April 15 at
Alameda Naval Air Station in
Oakland. Virtually the same
teams will participate in the
tournament, and a high placing
here almost assures a high rank
ing in the nation.
On March 19 and 20, a volley
ball team composed of seven
Stanford students participated
in the Santa Barbara Invitation
al Collegiate Volleyball Tourna
ment. Junior college and college
teams from all over California
participated in the two day af
fair. Tired mentally and physi
cally from finals and only hav
ing played together a few times
(UCLA gives scholarships!),

the Stanford six managed a
fourth against the top college
teams in the nation.
After beating University of
California at Santa Barbara in
the first round, Stanford lost to
nationally-ranked UCLA in a
close three game match. Led by
John Taylor, 1964 Olympian, and
Bob Conrad, a former college

All-American at Santa Monica
City College, the Indians upset
the Bruins in the second game,
only to lose in the third, 15-8.
This put the Tribe into the los
ers' bracket, where they pro
ceeded to whip San Fernando
State College, San Diego State
College, and Loyola of Los An
geles. They then lost to Santa
Monica City College, who took
second behind UCLA. San Jose
State was third. Other members
of the Stanford squad were Bill
Twist, Tuck Petersen, Chris
McLachlin, Scott Porter, and
John Meek.
Stanford's hopes are high for
the Far Western championships,
which will be held April 15 at
Alameda Naval Air Station in
Oakland. Virtually the same
teams will participate in the
tournament, and a high placing
here almost assures a high rank
ing in the nation.
On March 19 and 20, a volley
ball team composed of seven
Stanford students participated
in the Santa Barbara Invitation
al Collegiate Volleyball Tourna
ment. Junior college and college
teams from all over California
participated in the two day af
fair. Tired mentally and physi
cally from finals and only hav
ing played together a few times
(UCLA gives scholarships!),

the Stanford six managed a
fourth against the top college
teams in the nation.
After beating University of
California at Santa Barbara in
the first round, Stanford lost to
nationally-ranked UCLA in a
close three game match. Led by
John Taylor, 1964 Olympian, and
Bob Conrad, a former college

All-American at Santa Monica
City College, the Indians upset
the Bruins in the second game,
only to lose in the third, 15-8.
This put the Tribe into the los
ers' bracket, where they pro
ceeded to whip San Fernando
State College, San Diego State
College, and Loyola of Los An
geles. They then lost to Santa
Monica City College, who took
second behind UCLA. San Jose
State was third. Other members
of the Stanford squad were Bill
Twist, Tuck Petersen, Chris
McLachlin, Scott Porter, and
John Meek.
Stanford's hopes are high for
the Far Western championships,
which will be held April 15 at
Alameda Naval Air Station in
Oakland. Virtually the same
teams will participate in the
tournament, and a high placing
here almost assures a high rank
ing in the nation.
On March 19 and 20, a volley
ball team composed of seven
Stanford students participated
in the Santa Barbara Invitation
al Collegiate Volleyball Tourna
ment. Junior college and college
teams from all over California
participated in the two day af
fair. Tired mentally and physi
cally from finals and only hav
ing played together a few times
(UCLA gives scholarships!),

the Stanford six managed a
fourth against the top college
teams in the nation.
After beating University of
California at Santa Barbara in
the first round, Stanford lost to
nationally-ranked UCLA in a
close three game match. Led by
John Taylor, 1964 Olympian, and
Bob Conrad, a former college

All-American at Santa Monica
City College, the Indians upset
the Bruins in the second game,
only to lose in the third, 15-8.
This put the Tribe into the los
ers' bracket, where they pro
ceeded to whip San Fernando
State College, San Diego State
College, and Loyola of Los An
geles. They then lost to Santa
Monica City College, who took
second behind UCLA. San Jose
State was third. Other members
of the Stanford squad were Bill
Twist, Tuck Petersen, Chris
McLachlin, Scott Porter, and
John Meek.
Stanford's hopes are high for
the Far Western championships,
which will be held April 15 at
Alameda Naval Air Station in
Oakland. Virtually the same
teams will participate in the
tournament, and a high placing
here almost assures a high rank
ing in the nation.
On March 19 and 20, a volley
ball team composed of seven
Stanford students participated
in the Santa Barbara Invitation
al Collegiate Volleyball Tourna
ment. Junior college and college
teams from all over California
participated in the two day af
fair. Tired mentally and physi
cally from finals and only hav
ing played together a few times
(UCLA gives scholarships!),

the Stanford six managed a
fourth against the top college
teams in the nation.
After beating University of
California at Santa Barbara in
the first round, Stanford lost to
nationally-ranked UCLA in a
close three game match. Led by
John Taylor, 1964 Olympian, and
Bob Conrad, a former college

All-American at Santa Monica
City College, the Indians upset
the Bruins in the second game,
only to lose in the third, 15-8.
This put the Tribe into the los
ers' bracket, where they pro
ceeded to whip San Fernando
State College, San Diego State
College, and Loyola of Los An
geles. They then lost to Santa
Monica City College, who took
second behind UCLA. San Jose
State was third. Other members
of the Stanford squad were Bill
Twist, Tuck Petersen, Chris
McLachlin, Scott Porter, and
John Meek.
Stanford's hopes are high for
the Far Western championships,
which will be held April 15 at
Alameda Naval Air Station in
Oakland. Virtually the same
teams will participate in the
tournament, and a high placing
here almost assures a high rank
ing in the nation.
On March 19 and 20, a volley
ball team composed of seven
Stanford students participated
in the Santa Barbara Invitation
al Collegiate Volleyball Tourna
ment. Junior college and college
teams from all over California
participated in the two day af
fair. Tired mentally and physi
cally from finals and only hav
ing played together a few times
(UCLA gives scholarships!),

the Stanford six managed a
fourth against the top college
teams in the nation.
After beating University of
California at Santa Barbara in
the first round, Stanford lost to
nationally-ranked UCLA in a
close three game match. Led by
John Taylor, 1964 Olympian, and
Bob Conrad, a former college

All-American at Santa Monica
City College, the Indians upset
the Bruins in the second game,
only to lose in the third, 15-8.
This put the Tribe into the los
ers' bracket, where they pro
ceeded to whip San Fernando
State College, San Diego State
College, and Loyola of Los An
geles. They then lost to Santa
Monica City College, who took
second behind UCLA. San Jose
State was third. Other members
of the Stanford squad were Bill
Twist, Tuck Petersen, Chris
McLachlin, Scott Porter, and
John Meek.
Stanford's hopes are high for
the Far Western championships,
which will be held April 15 at
Alameda Naval Air Station in
Oakland. Virtually the same
teams will participate in the
tournament, and a high placing
here almost assures a high rank
ing in the nation.
On March 19 and 20, a volley
ball team composed of seven
Stanford students participated
in the Santa Barbara Invitation
al Collegiate Volleyball Tourna
ment. Junior college and college
teams from all over California
participated in the two day af
fair. Tired mentally and physi
cally from finals and only hav
ing played together a few times
(UCLA gives scholarships!),

the Stanford six managed a
fourth against the top college
teams in the nation.
After beating University of
California at Santa Barbara in
the first round, Stanford lost to
nationally-ranked UCLA in a
close three game match. Led by
John Taylor, 1964 Olympian, and
Bob Conrad, a former college

All-American at Santa Monica
City College, the Indians upset
the Bruins in the second game,
only to lose in the third, 15-8.
This put the Tribe into the los
ers' bracket, where they pro
ceeded to whip San Fernando
State College, San Diego State
College, and Loyola of Los An
geles. They then lost to Santa
Monica City College, who took
second behind UCLA. San Jose
State was third. Other members
of the Stanford squad were Bill
Twist, Tuck Petersen, Chris
McLachlin, Scott Porter, and
John Meek.
Stanford's hopes are high for
the Far Western championships,
which will be held April 15 at
Alameda Naval Air Station in
Oakland. Virtually the same
teams will participate in the
tournament, and a high placing
here almost assures a high rank
ing in the nation.
On March 19 and 20, a volley
ball team composed of seven
Stanford students participated
in the Santa Barbara Invitation
al Collegiate Volleyball Tourna
ment. Junior college and college
teams from all over California
participated in the two day af
fair. Tired mentally and physi
cally from finals and only hav
ing played together a few times
(UCLA gives scholarships!),

the Stanford six managed a
fourth against the top college
teams in the nation.
After beating University of
California at Santa Barbara in
the first round, Stanford lost to
nationally-ranked UCLA in a
close three game match. Led by
John Taylor, 1964 Olympian, and
Bob Conrad, a former college

All-American at Santa Monica
City College, the Indians upset
the Bruins in the second game,
only to lose in the third, 15-8.
This put the Tribe into the los
ers' bracket, where they pro
ceeded to whip San Fernando
State College, San Diego State
College, and Loyola of Los An
geles. They then lost to Santa
Monica City College, who took
second behind UCLA. San Jose
State was third. Other members
of the Stanford squad were Bill
Twist, Tuck Petersen, Chris
McLachlin, Scott Porter, and
John Meek.
Stanford's hopes are high for
the Far Western championships,
which will be held April 15 at
Alameda Naval Air Station in
Oakland. Virtually the same
teams will participate in the
tournament, and a high placing
here almost assures a high rank
ing in the nation.
