# WHAT'S ON THE INSIDE
## 
### 
TRAINING: The making of a Vol
unteer—the target is rele
vancy.
See Page 3
Q&A: Most asked questions
about Peace Corps selection,
training. Page 8
1966 TRAINING PROGRAMS: A
directory of Overseas open
ings in 46 nations. Page 6
TRADITION: 'They Laughed When
We Sat Down at the World to
Play' Page 2
WHAT'S IT LIKE?: Volunteers
describe some of the prob
lems they face in Africa, Far
East and Latin American as
signments. Pages 4, 5
IMPACT: Can Peace Corps effec
tiveness be measured? Some
scientists have tried. Page 3
EDUCATION: The Peace Corps
tries to melt a Freudian ice
cap. Page 2
TRAINING: The making of a Vol
unteer—the target is rele
vancy.
See Page 3
Q&A: Most asked questions
about Peace Corps selection,
training. Page 8
1966 TRAINING PROGRAMS: A
directory of Overseas open
ings in 46 nations. Page 6
TRADITION: 'They Laughed When
We Sat Down at the World to
Play' Page 2
WHAT'S IT LIKE?: Volunteers
describe some of the prob
lems they face in Africa, Far
East and Latin American as
signments. Pages 4, 5
IMPACT: Can Peace Corps effec
tiveness be measured? Some
scientists have tried. Page 3
EDUCATION: The Peace Corps
tries to melt a Freudian ice
cap. Page 2
TRAINING: The making of a Vol
unteer—the target is rele
vancy.
See Page 3
Q&A: Most asked questions
about Peace Corps selection,
training. Page 8
1966 TRAINING PROGRAMS: A
directory of Overseas open
ings in 46 nations. Page 6
TRADITION: 'They Laughed When
We Sat Down at the World to
Play' Page 2
WHAT'S IT LIKE?: Volunteers
describe some of the prob
lems they face in Africa, Far
East and Latin American as
signments. Pages 4, 5
IMPACT: Can Peace Corps effec
tiveness be measured? Some
scientists have tried. Page 3
EDUCATION: The Peace Corps
tries to melt a Freudian ice
cap. Page 2
TRAINING: The making of a Vol
unteer—the target is rele
vancy.
See Page 3
Q&A: Most asked questions
about Peace Corps selection,
training. Page 8
1966 TRAINING PROGRAMS: A
directory of Overseas open
ings in 46 nations. Page 6
TRADITION: 'They Laughed When
We Sat Down at the World to
Play' Page 2
WHAT'S IT LIKE?: Volunteers
describe some of the prob
lems they face in Africa, Far
East and Latin American as
signments. Pages 4, 5
IMPACT: Can Peace Corps effec
tiveness be measured? Some
scientists have tried. Page 3
EDUCATION: The Peace Corps
tries to melt a Freudian ice
cap. Page 2
TRAINING: The making of a Vol
unteer—the target is rele
vancy.
See Page 3
Q&A: Most asked questions
about Peace Corps selection,
training. Page 8
1966 TRAINING PROGRAMS: A
directory of Overseas open
ings in 46 nations. Page 6
TRADITION: 'They Laughed When
We Sat Down at the World to
Play' Page 2
WHAT'S IT LIKE?: Volunteers
describe some of the prob
lems they face in Africa, Far
East and Latin American as
signments. Pages 4, 5
IMPACT: Can Peace Corps effec
tiveness be measured? Some
scientists have tried. Page 3
EDUCATION: The Peace Corps
tries to melt a Freudian ice
cap. Page 2
TRAINING: The making of a Vol
unteer—the target is rele
vancy.
See Page 3
Q&A: Most asked questions
about Peace Corps selection,
training. Page 8
1966 TRAINING PROGRAMS: A
directory of Overseas open
ings in 46 nations. Page 6
TRADITION: 'They Laughed When
We Sat Down at the World to
Play' Page 2
WHAT'S IT LIKE?: Volunteers
describe some of the prob
lems they face in Africa, Far
East and Latin American as
signments. Pages 4, 5
IMPACT: Can Peace Corps effec
tiveness be measured? Some
scientists have tried. Page 3
EDUCATION: The Peace Corps
tries to melt a Freudian ice
cap. Page 2
TRAINING: The making of a Vol
unteer—the target is rele
vancy.
See Page 3
Q&A: Most asked questions
about Peace Corps selection,
training. Page 8
1966 TRAINING PROGRAMS: A
directory of Overseas open
ings in 46 nations. Page 6
TRADITION: 'They Laughed When
We Sat Down at the World to
Play' Page 2
WHAT'S IT LIKE?: Volunteers
describe some of the prob
lems they face in Africa, Far
East and Latin American as
signments. Pages 4, 5
IMPACT: Can Peace Corps effec
tiveness be measured? Some
scientists have tried. Page 3
EDUCATION: The Peace Corps
tries to melt a Freudian ice
cap. Page 2
TRAINING: The making of a Vol
unteer—the target is rele
vancy.
See Page 3
Q&A: Most asked questions
about Peace Corps selection,
training. Page 8
1966 TRAINING PROGRAMS: A
directory of Overseas open
ings in 46 nations. Page 6
TRADITION: 'They Laughed When
We Sat Down at the World to
Play' Page 2
WHAT'S IT LIKE?: Volunteers
describe some of the prob
lems they face in Africa, Far
East and Latin American as
signments. Pages 4, 5
IMPACT: Can Peace Corps effec
tiveness be measured? Some
scientists have tried. Page 3
EDUCATION: The Peace Corps
tries to melt a Freudian ice
cap. Page 2
TRAINING: The making of a Vol
unteer—the target is rele
vancy.
See Page 3
Q&A: Most asked questions
about Peace Corps selection,
training. Page 8
1966 TRAINING PROGRAMS: A
directory of Overseas open
ings in 46 nations. Page 6
TRADITION: 'They Laughed When
We Sat Down at the World to
Play' Page 2
WHAT'S IT LIKE?: Volunteers
describe some of the prob
lems they face in Africa, Far
East and Latin American as
signments. Pages 4, 5
IMPACT: Can Peace Corps effec
tiveness be measured? Some
scientists have tried. Page 3
EDUCATION: The Peace Corps
tries to melt a Freudian ice
cap. Page 2
TRAINING: The making of a Vol
unteer—the target is rele
vancy.
See Page 3
Q&A: Most asked questions
about Peace Corps selection,
training. Page 8
1966 TRAINING PROGRAMS: A
directory of Overseas open
ings in 46 nations. Page 6
TRADITION: 'They Laughed When
We Sat Down at the World to
Play' Page 2
WHAT'S IT LIKE?: Volunteers
describe some of the prob
lems they face in Africa, Far
East and Latin American as
signments. Pages 4, 5
IMPACT: Can Peace Corps effec
tiveness be measured? Some
scientists have tried. Page 3
EDUCATION: The Peace Corps
tries to melt a Freudian ice
cap. Page 2
TRAINING: The making of a Vol
unteer—the target is rele
vancy.
See Page 3
Q&A: Most asked questions
about Peace Corps selection,
training. Page 8
1966 TRAINING PROGRAMS: A
directory of Overseas open
ings in 46 nations. Page 6
TRADITION: 'They Laughed When
We Sat Down at the World to
Play' Page 2
WHAT'S IT LIKE?: Volunteers
describe some of the prob
lems they face in Africa, Far
East and Latin American as
signments. Pages 4, 5
IMPACT: Can Peace Corps effec
tiveness be measured? Some
scientists have tried. Page 3
EDUCATION: The Peace Corps
tries to melt a Freudian ice
cap. Page 2
TRAINING: The making of a Vol
unteer—the target is rele
vancy.
See Page 3
Q&A: Most asked questions
about Peace Corps selection,
training. Page 8
1966 TRAINING PROGRAMS: A
directory of Overseas open
ings in 46 nations. Page 6
TRADITION: 'They Laughed When
We Sat Down at the World to
Play' Page 2
WHAT'S IT LIKE?: Volunteers
describe some of the prob
lems they face in Africa, Far
East and Latin American as
signments. Pages 4, 5
IMPACT: Can Peace Corps effec
tiveness be measured? Some
scientists have tried. Page 3
EDUCATION: The Peace Corps
tries to melt a Freudian ice
cap. Page 2
TRAINING: The making of a Vol
unteer—the target is rele
vancy.
See Page 3
Q&A: Most asked questions
about Peace Corps selection,
training. Page 8
1966 TRAINING PROGRAMS: A
directory of Overseas open
ings in 46 nations. Page 6
TRADITION: 'They Laughed When
We Sat Down at the World to
Play' Page 2
WHAT'S IT LIKE?: Volunteers
describe some of the prob
lems they face in Africa, Far
East and Latin American as
signments. Pages 4, 5
IMPACT: Can Peace Corps effec
tiveness be measured? Some
scientists have tried. Page 3
EDUCATION: The Peace Corps
tries to melt a Freudian ice
cap. Page 2
TRAINING: The making of a Vol
unteer—the target is rele
vancy.
See Page 3
Q&A: Most asked questions
about Peace Corps selection,
training. Page 8
1966 TRAINING PROGRAMS: A
directory of Overseas open
ings in 46 nations. Page 6
TRADITION: 'They Laughed When
We Sat Down at the World to
Play' Page 2
WHAT'S IT LIKE?: Volunteers
describe some of the prob
lems they face in Africa, Far
East and Latin American as
signments. Pages 4, 5
IMPACT: Can Peace Corps effec
tiveness be measured? Some
scientists have tried. Page 3
EDUCATION: The Peace Corps
tries to melt a Freudian ice
cap. Page 2
TRAINING: The making of a Vol
unteer—the target is rele
vancy.
See Page 3
Q&A: Most asked questions
about Peace Corps selection,
training. Page 8
1966 TRAINING PROGRAMS: A
directory of Overseas open
ings in 46 nations. Page 6
TRADITION: 'They Laughed When
We Sat Down at the World to
Play' Page 2
WHAT'S IT LIKE?: Volunteers
describe some of the prob
lems they face in Africa, Far
East and Latin American as
signments. Pages 4, 5
IMPACT: Can Peace Corps effec
tiveness be measured? Some
scientists have tried. Page 3
EDUCATION: The Peace Corps
tries to melt a Freudian ice
cap. Page 2
