# BILL ALLOWING PRESIDENT TO SEIZE COAL PROPOSED
## 
### (By United Press 
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.—The presi
dent of the United States could seize
and operate the coal mines in case of
a national emergency under provisions
of a bill introduced in the senate to
day.
Senator BVockhart, businessman and
farmer from lowa, is author of the
measure and he believes it may pre
vent future strikes in the perturbed
coal industry and safeguard the public
from a repetition of existing condi
tions.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.—The presi
dent of the United States could seize
and operate the coal mines in case of
a national emergency under provisions
of a bill introduced in the senate to
day.
Senator BVockhart, businessman and
farmer from lowa, is author of the
measure and he believes it may pre
vent future strikes in the perturbed
coal industry and safeguard the public
from a repetition of existing condi
tions.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.—The presi
dent of the United States could seize
and operate the coal mines in case of
a national emergency under provisions
of a bill introduced in the senate to
day.
Senator BVockhart, businessman and
farmer from lowa, is author of the
measure and he believes it may pre
vent future strikes in the perturbed
coal industry and safeguard the public
from a repetition of existing condi
tions.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.—The presi
dent of the United States could seize
and operate the coal mines in case of
a national emergency under provisions
of a bill introduced in the senate to
day.
Senator BVockhart, businessman and
farmer from lowa, is author of the
measure and he believes it may pre
vent future strikes in the perturbed
coal industry and safeguard the public
from a repetition of existing condi
tions.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.—The presi
dent of the United States could seize
and operate the coal mines in case of
a national emergency under provisions
of a bill introduced in the senate to
day.
Senator BVockhart, businessman and
farmer from lowa, is author of the
measure and he believes it may pre
vent future strikes in the perturbed
coal industry and safeguard the public
from a repetition of existing condi
tions.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.—The presi
dent of the United States could seize
and operate the coal mines in case of
a national emergency under provisions
of a bill introduced in the senate to
day.
Senator BVockhart, businessman and
farmer from lowa, is author of the
measure and he believes it may pre
vent future strikes in the perturbed
coal industry and safeguard the public
from a repetition of existing condi
tions.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.—The presi
dent of the United States could seize
and operate the coal mines in case of
a national emergency under provisions
of a bill introduced in the senate to
day.
Senator BVockhart, businessman and
farmer from lowa, is author of the
measure and he believes it may pre
vent future strikes in the perturbed
coal industry and safeguard the public
from a repetition of existing condi
tions.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.—The presi
dent of the United States could seize
and operate the coal mines in case of
a national emergency under provisions
of a bill introduced in the senate to
day.
Senator BVockhart, businessman and
farmer from lowa, is author of the
measure and he believes it may pre
vent future strikes in the perturbed
coal industry and safeguard the public
from a repetition of existing condi
tions.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.—The presi
dent of the United States could seize
and operate the coal mines in case of
a national emergency under provisions
of a bill introduced in the senate to
day.
Senator BVockhart, businessman and
farmer from lowa, is author of the
measure and he believes it may pre
vent future strikes in the perturbed
coal industry and safeguard the public
from a repetition of existing condi
tions.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.—The presi
dent of the United States could seize
and operate the coal mines in case of
a national emergency under provisions
of a bill introduced in the senate to
day.
Senator BVockhart, businessman and
farmer from lowa, is author of the
measure and he believes it may pre
vent future strikes in the perturbed
coal industry and safeguard the public
from a repetition of existing condi
tions.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.—The presi
dent of the United States could seize
and operate the coal mines in case of
a national emergency under provisions
of a bill introduced in the senate to
day.
Senator BVockhart, businessman and
farmer from lowa, is author of the
measure and he believes it may pre
vent future strikes in the perturbed
coal industry and safeguard the public
from a repetition of existing condi
tions.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.—The presi
dent of the United States could seize
and operate the coal mines in case of
a national emergency under provisions
of a bill introduced in the senate to
day.
Senator BVockhart, businessman and
farmer from lowa, is author of the
measure and he believes it may pre
vent future strikes in the perturbed
coal industry and safeguard the public
from a repetition of existing condi
tions.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.—The presi
dent of the United States could seize
and operate the coal mines in case of
a national emergency under provisions
of a bill introduced in the senate to
day.
Senator BVockhart, businessman and
farmer from lowa, is author of the
measure and he believes it may pre
vent future strikes in the perturbed
coal industry and safeguard the public
from a repetition of existing condi
tions.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.—The presi
dent of the United States could seize
and operate the coal mines in case of
a national emergency under provisions
of a bill introduced in the senate to
day.
Senator BVockhart, businessman and
farmer from lowa, is author of the
measure and he believes it may pre
vent future strikes in the perturbed
coal industry and safeguard the public
from a repetition of existing condi
tions.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.—The presi
dent of the United States could seize
and operate the coal mines in case of
a national emergency under provisions
of a bill introduced in the senate to
day.
Senator BVockhart, businessman and
farmer from lowa, is author of the
measure and he believes it may pre
vent future strikes in the perturbed
coal industry and safeguard the public
from a repetition of existing condi
tions.
