# AMAZONS NOT BEAUTIFUL EASTERN ARTIST CLAIMS
## 
### (By United Press 
CHICAGO, Jan. 25. —Women who
specialize) ]in athletic contests lose
their beauty and feminine charm, In
diana Gyberson, prominent artist, de
clared in an interview here today.
Women athletes are eyesores to the
landscape, according to Miss Gyber
son, who advocated plenty of outdoor
life and exercise but frowns on pro
fessionalizing sports for women.
CHICAGO, Jan. 25. —Women who
specialize) ]in athletic contests lose
their beauty and feminine charm, In
diana Gyberson, prominent artist, de
clared in an interview here today.
Women athletes are eyesores to the
landscape, according to Miss Gyber
son, who advocated plenty of outdoor
life and exercise but frowns on pro
fessionalizing sports for women.
CHICAGO, Jan. 25. —Women who
specialize) ]in athletic contests lose
their beauty and feminine charm, In
diana Gyberson, prominent artist, de
clared in an interview here today.
Women athletes are eyesores to the
landscape, according to Miss Gyber
son, who advocated plenty of outdoor
life and exercise but frowns on pro
fessionalizing sports for women.
CHICAGO, Jan. 25. —Women who
specialize) ]in athletic contests lose
their beauty and feminine charm, In
diana Gyberson, prominent artist, de
clared in an interview here today.
Women athletes are eyesores to the
landscape, according to Miss Gyber
son, who advocated plenty of outdoor
life and exercise but frowns on pro
fessionalizing sports for women.
CHICAGO, Jan. 25. —Women who
specialize) ]in athletic contests lose
their beauty and feminine charm, In
diana Gyberson, prominent artist, de
clared in an interview here today.
Women athletes are eyesores to the
landscape, according to Miss Gyber
son, who advocated plenty of outdoor
life and exercise but frowns on pro
fessionalizing sports for women.
CHICAGO, Jan. 25. —Women who
specialize) ]in athletic contests lose
their beauty and feminine charm, In
diana Gyberson, prominent artist, de
clared in an interview here today.
Women athletes are eyesores to the
landscape, according to Miss Gyber
son, who advocated plenty of outdoor
life and exercise but frowns on pro
fessionalizing sports for women.
CHICAGO, Jan. 25. —Women who
specialize) ]in athletic contests lose
their beauty and feminine charm, In
diana Gyberson, prominent artist, de
clared in an interview here today.
Women athletes are eyesores to the
landscape, according to Miss Gyber
son, who advocated plenty of outdoor
life and exercise but frowns on pro
fessionalizing sports for women.
CHICAGO, Jan. 25. —Women who
specialize) ]in athletic contests lose
their beauty and feminine charm, In
diana Gyberson, prominent artist, de
clared in an interview here today.
Women athletes are eyesores to the
landscape, according to Miss Gyber
son, who advocated plenty of outdoor
life and exercise but frowns on pro
fessionalizing sports for women.
CHICAGO, Jan. 25. —Women who
specialize) ]in athletic contests lose
their beauty and feminine charm, In
diana Gyberson, prominent artist, de
clared in an interview here today.
Women athletes are eyesores to the
landscape, according to Miss Gyber
son, who advocated plenty of outdoor
life and exercise but frowns on pro
fessionalizing sports for women.
CHICAGO, Jan. 25. —Women who
specialize) ]in athletic contests lose
their beauty and feminine charm, In
diana Gyberson, prominent artist, de
clared in an interview here today.
Women athletes are eyesores to the
landscape, according to Miss Gyber
son, who advocated plenty of outdoor
life and exercise but frowns on pro
fessionalizing sports for women.
CHICAGO, Jan. 25. —Women who
specialize) ]in athletic contests lose
their beauty and feminine charm, In
diana Gyberson, prominent artist, de
clared in an interview here today.
Women athletes are eyesores to the
landscape, according to Miss Gyber
son, who advocated plenty of outdoor
life and exercise but frowns on pro
fessionalizing sports for women.
CHICAGO, Jan. 25. —Women who
specialize) ]in athletic contests lose
their beauty and feminine charm, In
diana Gyberson, prominent artist, de
clared in an interview here today.
Women athletes are eyesores to the
landscape, according to Miss Gyber
son, who advocated plenty of outdoor
life and exercise but frowns on pro
fessionalizing sports for women.
CHICAGO, Jan. 25. —Women who
specialize) ]in athletic contests lose
their beauty and feminine charm, In
diana Gyberson, prominent artist, de
clared in an interview here today.
Women athletes are eyesores to the
landscape, according to Miss Gyber
son, who advocated plenty of outdoor
life and exercise but frowns on pro
fessionalizing sports for women.
CHICAGO, Jan. 25. —Women who
specialize) ]in athletic contests lose
their beauty and feminine charm, In
diana Gyberson, prominent artist, de
clared in an interview here today.
Women athletes are eyesores to the
landscape, according to Miss Gyber
son, who advocated plenty of outdoor
life and exercise but frowns on pro
fessionalizing sports for women.
CHICAGO, Jan. 25. —Women who
specialize) ]in athletic contests lose
their beauty and feminine charm, In
diana Gyberson, prominent artist, de
clared in an interview here today.
Women athletes are eyesores to the
landscape, according to Miss Gyber
son, who advocated plenty of outdoor
life and exercise but frowns on pro
fessionalizing sports for women.
