# CALIFORNIA REGISTRATION HAS EIGHT THOUSAND
## 
### 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA—
Registration figures compiled by the
Recorder's office of the University of
California up to and including Janu
ary 20, show a total attendance at
Berkeley of 8811, of which 1267 are
graduate and 7544 undergraduate. The
graduate enrollment shows an increase
of 40 per cent over that of January,
1922, and the undergraduate registra
tion a decrease of two per cent.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA—
Registration figures compiled by the
Recorder's office of the University of
California up to and including Janu
ary 20, show a total attendance at
Berkeley of 8811, of which 1267 are
graduate and 7544 undergraduate. The
graduate enrollment shows an increase
of 40 per cent over that of January,
1922, and the undergraduate registra
tion a decrease of two per cent.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA—
Registration figures compiled by the
Recorder's office of the University of
California up to and including Janu
ary 20, show a total attendance at
Berkeley of 8811, of which 1267 are
graduate and 7544 undergraduate. The
graduate enrollment shows an increase
of 40 per cent over that of January,
1922, and the undergraduate registra
tion a decrease of two per cent.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA—
Registration figures compiled by the
Recorder's office of the University of
California up to and including Janu
ary 20, show a total attendance at
Berkeley of 8811, of which 1267 are
graduate and 7544 undergraduate. The
graduate enrollment shows an increase
of 40 per cent over that of January,
1922, and the undergraduate registra
tion a decrease of two per cent.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA—
Registration figures compiled by the
Recorder's office of the University of
California up to and including Janu
ary 20, show a total attendance at
Berkeley of 8811, of which 1267 are
graduate and 7544 undergraduate. The
graduate enrollment shows an increase
of 40 per cent over that of January,
1922, and the undergraduate registra
tion a decrease of two per cent.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA—
Registration figures compiled by the
Recorder's office of the University of
California up to and including Janu
ary 20, show a total attendance at
Berkeley of 8811, of which 1267 are
graduate and 7544 undergraduate. The
graduate enrollment shows an increase
of 40 per cent over that of January,
1922, and the undergraduate registra
tion a decrease of two per cent.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA—
Registration figures compiled by the
Recorder's office of the University of
California up to and including Janu
ary 20, show a total attendance at
Berkeley of 8811, of which 1267 are
graduate and 7544 undergraduate. The
graduate enrollment shows an increase
of 40 per cent over that of January,
1922, and the undergraduate registra
tion a decrease of two per cent.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA—
Registration figures compiled by the
Recorder's office of the University of
California up to and including Janu
ary 20, show a total attendance at
Berkeley of 8811, of which 1267 are
graduate and 7544 undergraduate. The
graduate enrollment shows an increase
of 40 per cent over that of January,
1922, and the undergraduate registra
tion a decrease of two per cent.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA—
Registration figures compiled by the
Recorder's office of the University of
California up to and including Janu
ary 20, show a total attendance at
Berkeley of 8811, of which 1267 are
graduate and 7544 undergraduate. The
graduate enrollment shows an increase
of 40 per cent over that of January,
1922, and the undergraduate registra
tion a decrease of two per cent.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA—
Registration figures compiled by the
Recorder's office of the University of
California up to and including Janu
ary 20, show a total attendance at
Berkeley of 8811, of which 1267 are
graduate and 7544 undergraduate. The
graduate enrollment shows an increase
of 40 per cent over that of January,
1922, and the undergraduate registra
tion a decrease of two per cent.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA—
Registration figures compiled by the
Recorder's office of the University of
California up to and including Janu
ary 20, show a total attendance at
Berkeley of 8811, of which 1267 are
graduate and 7544 undergraduate. The
graduate enrollment shows an increase
of 40 per cent over that of January,
1922, and the undergraduate registra
tion a decrease of two per cent.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA—
Registration figures compiled by the
Recorder's office of the University of
California up to and including Janu
ary 20, show a total attendance at
Berkeley of 8811, of which 1267 are
graduate and 7544 undergraduate. The
graduate enrollment shows an increase
of 40 per cent over that of January,
1922, and the undergraduate registra
tion a decrease of two per cent.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA—
Registration figures compiled by the
Recorder's office of the University of
California up to and including Janu
ary 20, show a total attendance at
Berkeley of 8811, of which 1267 are
graduate and 7544 undergraduate. The
graduate enrollment shows an increase
of 40 per cent over that of January,
1922, and the undergraduate registra
tion a decrease of two per cent.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA—
Registration figures compiled by the
Recorder's office of the University of
California up to and including Janu
ary 20, show a total attendance at
Berkeley of 8811, of which 1267 are
graduate and 7544 undergraduate. The
graduate enrollment shows an increase
of 40 per cent over that of January,
1922, and the undergraduate registra
tion a decrease of two per cent.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA—
Registration figures compiled by the
Recorder's office of the University of
California up to and including Janu
ary 20, show a total attendance at
Berkeley of 8811, of which 1267 are
graduate and 7544 undergraduate. The
graduate enrollment shows an increase
of 40 per cent over that of January,
1922, and the undergraduate registra
tion a decrease of two per cent.
