# Another Viewpoint
## 
### 
In order to clear up existing confusion
in the minds of students with regard to
the new ruling of the Academic Commit
tee concerning the requirement in Physi
cal Education, I wish to explain how this
ruling operates.
All students registered in the Lower
Division are required to take Physical
Education as long as they are in the
Lower Division up to a maximum of six
quarters. Each course must he satis
factorily passed, and any course not so
passed must he repeated, even though the
student should become an Upper Division
student. Therefore, students registering
at Stanford at the beginning of their
freshman year must take six quarters of
required Physical Education. Students
transferring from other universities to
Stanford must take required Physical
Education for as many quarters as they
are registered in the Lower Division.
This means that all work in Physical
Education taken by Upper Division stu
dents is elective work, unless such stu
dents have failed to pass a' required
course and are repeating it. Such elec
tive work will carry one unit of credit
per quarter for the women.
1 lie staff of Roble Gymnasium wishes
to urge that all transferred women who
are now registered in Physical Educa
tion. and who may be affected by the new
ruling, continue the course in which they
are registered and receive the unit of
credit now possible. They will be so re
ported to the Registrar's Office at the
end of the quarter, unless they arrange
to the contrary in Miss Bunting's office.
It is imperative, however, that such stu
dent? have their Physical Education on
their study cards in the Registrar's Office
if they wish to receive credit. Such stu
dents should make sure, therefore, at the
Registrar's Office that their Physical Ed
ucation course is on their study card.
HELEN MASTERS RUNTING.
