# STANFORD CAN NOT GO.
## The
						Track Team Will Not be Taken East This Year. 
### 
Contrary to our expectations, it
is now almost definitely settled
that the track team will be unable
to make an Eastern trip this year.
The plan was given up not without
much reluctance for it was believed
that Stanford's team would be well
able to hold its own against the
contestants in the Mott Haven
games. But the rules of entry in
the Eastern contest are such that
several of our best men would be
debarred from competing by reason
of their not being long enough
connected with the University.
Stanford would thus be at a dis
advantage which would be serious
enough to rob the team of all glory
that might accrue to the trip. The
Berkeley team threatens to go East
whether they win the Field-day or
not.
