# Judges for Finals.
## 
### 
The I liter-society Debating Com
mittee elected the following judges
for the Intercollegiate finals this
afternoon: Professors A. G. New
comer, C. B. Whittier, and .Walter
Miller.
The I liter-society Debating Com
mittee elected the following judges
for the Intercollegiate finals this
afternoon: Professors A. G. New
comer, C. B. Whittier, and .Walter
Miller.
The I liter-society Debating Com
mittee elected the following judges
for the Intercollegiate finals this
afternoon: Professors A. G. New
comer, C. B. Whittier, and .Walter
Miller.
The I liter-society Debating Com
mittee elected the following judges
for the Intercollegiate finals this
afternoon: Professors A. G. New
comer, C. B. Whittier, and .Walter
Miller.
The I liter-society Debating Com
mittee elected the following judges
for the Intercollegiate finals this
afternoon: Professors A. G. New
comer, C. B. Whittier, and .Walter
Miller.
The I liter-society Debating Com
mittee elected the following judges
for the Intercollegiate finals this
afternoon: Professors A. G. New
comer, C. B. Whittier, and .Walter
Miller.
The I liter-society Debating Com
mittee elected the following judges
for the Intercollegiate finals this
afternoon: Professors A. G. New
comer, C. B. Whittier, and .Walter
Miller.
