# Santa Clara Loses To California.
## 
### 
The University of California base
ball team defeated Santa Clara Col
lege yesterday afternoon by the score
of to 1.
The University of California base
ball team defeated Santa Clara Col
lege yesterday afternoon by the score
of to 1.
The University of California base
ball team defeated Santa Clara Col
lege yesterday afternoon by the score
of to 1.
The University of California base
ball team defeated Santa Clara Col
lege yesterday afternoon by the score
of to 1.
The University of California base
ball team defeated Santa Clara Col
lege yesterday afternoon by the score
of to 1.
The University of California base
ball team defeated Santa Clara Col
lege yesterday afternoon by the score
of to 1.
The University of California base
ball team defeated Santa Clara Col
lege yesterday afternoon by the score
of to 1.
The University of California base
ball team defeated Santa Clara Col
lege yesterday afternoon by the score
of to 1.
The University of California base
ball team defeated Santa Clara Col
lege yesterday afternoon by the score
of to 1.
The University of California base
ball team defeated Santa Clara Col
lege yesterday afternoon by the score
of to 1.
