# STUDENT BODY WILL NOMINATE TOMORROW
## REGULAR ANNUAL ELECTION TO BE HELD SOON. Meeting in Chapel Will Place Names of Candidates Before the Students. 
### 
Nominations for officers of the Stu
dent Body for the fall semester of
1912 will be held tomorrow afternoon
at 1:10 in the Chapel. Eleven officials
will be proposed to guide the student
ship of state for the term. The posi
tions for which nominations will be
open are President of the Associated
Students, Vice-President, Secretary,
Editor of the Daily Palo Alto, Manager
of the Daily Palo Alto, Graduate
Manager, two Junior members of the
Executive Committee, one Sophomore
member, one Freshman member, Edi
tor of the Sequoia, and Manager of the
Sequoia.
Any member of the Student Body
will be eligible to make nominations
or be nominated at this meeting. In
past years it has been the custom to
nominate for the positions of Presi
dent and Secretary of the Associated
Students members of the incoming
Senior class, which this year is 1913.
For the position of Student Body Man
ager a graduate student who will be
enrolled in college next semester must
be selected.
The nomination meeting tomorrow
will occur at !:iu in the Cftapei, and
will be for all members of the Stu
dent Body. President K. L. Schaupp,
'12, will preside.
Nominations for officers of the Stu
dent Body for the fall semester of
1912 will be held tomorrow afternoon
at 1:10 in the Chapel. Eleven officials
will be proposed to guide the student
ship of state for the term. The posi
tions for which nominations will be
open are President of the Associated
Students, Vice-President, Secretary,
Editor of the Daily Palo Alto, Manager
of the Daily Palo Alto, Graduate
Manager, two Junior members of the
Executive Committee, one Sophomore
member, one Freshman member, Edi
tor of the Sequoia, and Manager of the
Sequoia.
Any member of the Student Body
will be eligible to make nominations
or be nominated at this meeting. In
past years it has been the custom to
nominate for the positions of Presi
dent and Secretary of the Associated
Students members of the incoming
Senior class, which this year is 1913.
For the position of Student Body Man
ager a graduate student who will be
enrolled in college next semester must
be selected.
The nomination meeting tomorrow
will occur at !:iu in the Cftapei, and
will be for all members of the Stu
dent Body. President K. L. Schaupp,
'12, will preside.
Nominations for officers of the Stu
dent Body for the fall semester of
1912 will be held tomorrow afternoon
at 1:10 in the Chapel. Eleven officials
will be proposed to guide the student
ship of state for the term. The posi
tions for which nominations will be
open are President of the Associated
Students, Vice-President, Secretary,
Editor of the Daily Palo Alto, Manager
of the Daily Palo Alto, Graduate
Manager, two Junior members of the
Executive Committee, one Sophomore
member, one Freshman member, Edi
tor of the Sequoia, and Manager of the
Sequoia.
Any member of the Student Body
will be eligible to make nominations
or be nominated at this meeting. In
past years it has been the custom to
nominate for the positions of Presi
dent and Secretary of the Associated
Students members of the incoming
Senior class, which this year is 1913.
For the position of Student Body Man
ager a graduate student who will be
enrolled in college next semester must
be selected.
The nomination meeting tomorrow
will occur at !:iu in the Cftapei, and
will be for all members of the Stu
dent Body. President K. L. Schaupp,
'12, will preside.
Nominations for officers of the Stu
dent Body for the fall semester of
1912 will be held tomorrow afternoon
at 1:10 in the Chapel. Eleven officials
will be proposed to guide the student
ship of state for the term. The posi
tions for which nominations will be
open are President of the Associated
Students, Vice-President, Secretary,
Editor of the Daily Palo Alto, Manager
of the Daily Palo Alto, Graduate
Manager, two Junior members of the
Executive Committee, one Sophomore
member, one Freshman member, Edi
tor of the Sequoia, and Manager of the
Sequoia.
Any member of the Student Body
will be eligible to make nominations
or be nominated at this meeting. In
past years it has been the custom to
nominate for the positions of Presi
dent and Secretary of the Associated
Students members of the incoming
Senior class, which this year is 1913.
For the position of Student Body Man
ager a graduate student who will be
enrolled in college next semester must
be selected.
The nomination meeting tomorrow
will occur at !:iu in the Cftapei, and
will be for all members of the Stu
dent Body. President K. L. Schaupp,
'12, will preside.
Nominations for officers of the Stu
dent Body for the fall semester of
1912 will be held tomorrow afternoon
at 1:10 in the Chapel. Eleven officials
will be proposed to guide the student
ship of state for the term. The posi
tions for which nominations will be
open are President of the Associated
Students, Vice-President, Secretary,
Editor of the Daily Palo Alto, Manager
of the Daily Palo Alto, Graduate
Manager, two Junior members of the
Executive Committee, one Sophomore
member, one Freshman member, Edi
tor of the Sequoia, and Manager of the
Sequoia.
Any member of the Student Body
will be eligible to make nominations
or be nominated at this meeting. In
past years it has been the custom to
nominate for the positions of Presi
dent and Secretary of the Associated
Students members of the incoming
Senior class, which this year is 1913.
For the position of Student Body Man
ager a graduate student who will be
enrolled in college next semester must
be selected.
The nomination meeting tomorrow
will occur at !:iu in the Cftapei, and
will be for all members of the Stu
dent Body. President K. L. Schaupp,
'12, will preside.
Nominations for officers of the Stu
dent Body for the fall semester of
1912 will be held tomorrow afternoon
at 1:10 in the Chapel. Eleven officials
will be proposed to guide the student
ship of state for the term. The posi
tions for which nominations will be
open are President of the Associated
Students, Vice-President, Secretary,
Editor of the Daily Palo Alto, Manager
of the Daily Palo Alto, Graduate
Manager, two Junior members of the
Executive Committee, one Sophomore
member, one Freshman member, Edi
tor of the Sequoia, and Manager of the
Sequoia.
Any member of the Student Body
will be eligible to make nominations
or be nominated at this meeting. In
past years it has been the custom to
nominate for the positions of Presi
dent and Secretary of the Associated
Students members of the incoming
Senior class, which this year is 1913.
For the position of Student Body Man
ager a graduate student who will be
enrolled in college next semester must
be selected.
The nomination meeting tomorrow
will occur at !:iu in the Cftapei, and
will be for all members of the Stu
dent Body. President K. L. Schaupp,
'12, will preside.
Nominations for officers of the Stu
dent Body for the fall semester of
1912 will be held tomorrow afternoon
at 1:10 in the Chapel. Eleven officials
will be proposed to guide the student
ship of state for the term. The posi
tions for which nominations will be
open are President of the Associated
Students, Vice-President, Secretary,
Editor of the Daily Palo Alto, Manager
of the Daily Palo Alto, Graduate
Manager, two Junior members of the
Executive Committee, one Sophomore
member, one Freshman member, Edi
tor of the Sequoia, and Manager of the
Sequoia.
Any member of the Student Body
will be eligible to make nominations
or be nominated at this meeting. In
past years it has been the custom to
nominate for the positions of Presi
dent and Secretary of the Associated
Students members of the incoming
Senior class, which this year is 1913.
For the position of Student Body Man
ager a graduate student who will be
enrolled in college next semester must
be selected.
The nomination meeting tomorrow
will occur at !:iu in the Cftapei, and
will be for all members of the Stu
dent Body. President K. L. Schaupp,
'12, will preside.
Nominations for officers of the Stu
dent Body for the fall semester of
1912 will be held tomorrow afternoon
at 1:10 in the Chapel. Eleven officials
will be proposed to guide the student
ship of state for the term. The posi
tions for which nominations will be
open are President of the Associated
Students, Vice-President, Secretary,
Editor of the Daily Palo Alto, Manager
of the Daily Palo Alto, Graduate
Manager, two Junior members of the
Executive Committee, one Sophomore
member, one Freshman member, Edi
tor of the Sequoia, and Manager of the
Sequoia.
Any member of the Student Body
will be eligible to make nominations
or be nominated at this meeting. In
past years it has been the custom to
nominate for the positions of Presi
dent and Secretary of the Associated
Students members of the incoming
Senior class, which this year is 1913.
For the position of Student Body Man
ager a graduate student who will be
enrolled in college next semester must
be selected.
The nomination meeting tomorrow
will occur at !:iu in the Cftapei, and
will be for all members of the Stu
dent Body. President K. L. Schaupp,
'12, will preside.
Nominations for officers of the Stu
dent Body for the fall semester of
1912 will be held tomorrow afternoon
at 1:10 in the Chapel. Eleven officials
will be proposed to guide the student
ship of state for the term. The posi
tions for which nominations will be
open are President of the Associated
Students, Vice-President, Secretary,
Editor of the Daily Palo Alto, Manager
of the Daily Palo Alto, Graduate
Manager, two Junior members of the
Executive Committee, one Sophomore
member, one Freshman member, Edi
tor of the Sequoia, and Manager of the
Sequoia.
Any member of the Student Body
will be eligible to make nominations
or be nominated at this meeting. In
past years it has been the custom to
nominate for the positions of Presi
dent and Secretary of the Associated
Students members of the incoming
Senior class, which this year is 1913.
For the position of Student Body Man
ager a graduate student who will be
enrolled in college next semester must
be selected.
The nomination meeting tomorrow
will occur at !:iu in the Cftapei, and
will be for all members of the Stu
dent Body. President K. L. Schaupp,
'12, will preside.
Nominations for officers of the Stu
dent Body for the fall semester of
1912 will be held tomorrow afternoon
at 1:10 in the Chapel. Eleven officials
will be proposed to guide the student
ship of state for the term. The posi
tions for which nominations will be
open are President of the Associated
Students, Vice-President, Secretary,
Editor of the Daily Palo Alto, Manager
of the Daily Palo Alto, Graduate
Manager, two Junior members of the
Executive Committee, one Sophomore
member, one Freshman member, Edi
tor of the Sequoia, and Manager of the
Sequoia.
Any member of the Student Body
will be eligible to make nominations
or be nominated at this meeting. In
past years it has been the custom to
nominate for the positions of Presi
dent and Secretary of the Associated
Students members of the incoming
Senior class, which this year is 1913.
For the position of Student Body Man
ager a graduate student who will be
enrolled in college next semester must
be selected.
The nomination meeting tomorrow
will occur at !:iu in the Cftapei, and
will be for all members of the Stu
dent Body. President K. L. Schaupp,
'12, will preside.
Nominations for officers of the Stu
dent Body for the fall semester of
1912 will be held tomorrow afternoon
at 1:10 in the Chapel. Eleven officials
will be proposed to guide the student
ship of state for the term. The posi
tions for which nominations will be
open are President of the Associated
Students, Vice-President, Secretary,
Editor of the Daily Palo Alto, Manager
of the Daily Palo Alto, Graduate
Manager, two Junior members of the
Executive Committee, one Sophomore
member, one Freshman member, Edi
tor of the Sequoia, and Manager of the
Sequoia.
Any member of the Student Body
will be eligible to make nominations
or be nominated at this meeting. In
past years it has been the custom to
nominate for the positions of Presi
dent and Secretary of the Associated
Students members of the incoming
Senior class, which this year is 1913.
For the position of Student Body Man
ager a graduate student who will be
enrolled in college next semester must
be selected.
The nomination meeting tomorrow
will occur at !:iu in the Cftapei, and
will be for all members of the Stu
dent Body. President K. L. Schaupp,
'12, will preside.
Nominations for officers of the Stu
dent Body for the fall semester of
1912 will be held tomorrow afternoon
at 1:10 in the Chapel. Eleven officials
will be proposed to guide the student
ship of state for the term. The posi
tions for which nominations will be
open are President of the Associated
Students, Vice-President, Secretary,
Editor of the Daily Palo Alto, Manager
of the Daily Palo Alto, Graduate
Manager, two Junior members of the
Executive Committee, one Sophomore
member, one Freshman member, Edi
tor of the Sequoia, and Manager of the
Sequoia.
Any member of the Student Body
will be eligible to make nominations
or be nominated at this meeting. In
past years it has been the custom to
nominate for the positions of Presi
dent and Secretary of the Associated
Students members of the incoming
Senior class, which this year is 1913.
For the position of Student Body Man
ager a graduate student who will be
enrolled in college next semester must
be selected.
The nomination meeting tomorrow
will occur at !:iu in the Cftapei, and
will be for all members of the Stu
dent Body. President K. L. Schaupp,
'12, will preside.
Nominations for officers of the Stu
dent Body for the fall semester of
1912 will be held tomorrow afternoon
at 1:10 in the Chapel. Eleven officials
will be proposed to guide the student
ship of state for the term. The posi
tions for which nominations will be
open are President of the Associated
Students, Vice-President, Secretary,
Editor of the Daily Palo Alto, Manager
of the Daily Palo Alto, Graduate
Manager, two Junior members of the
Executive Committee, one Sophomore
member, one Freshman member, Edi
tor of the Sequoia, and Manager of the
Sequoia.
Any member of the Student Body
will be eligible to make nominations
or be nominated at this meeting. In
past years it has been the custom to
nominate for the positions of Presi
dent and Secretary of the Associated
Students members of the incoming
Senior class, which this year is 1913.
For the position of Student Body Man
ager a graduate student who will be
enrolled in college next semester must
be selected.
The nomination meeting tomorrow
will occur at !:iu in the Cftapei, and
will be for all members of the Stu
dent Body. President K. L. Schaupp,
'12, will preside.
