# Notable Preacher to Speak Sunday.
## 
### 
Rev. Thomas Franklin Day, D. 1).,
Professor of Old Testament Interpre
tation at the San Francisco Theologi
cal Seminary, will preach at Sunday's
service in the University Chapel.
Rev. Thomas Franklin Day, D. 1).,
Professor of Old Testament Interpre
tation at the San Francisco Theologi
cal Seminary, will preach at Sunday's
service in the University Chapel.
Rev. Thomas Franklin Day, D. 1).,
Professor of Old Testament Interpre
tation at the San Francisco Theologi
cal Seminary, will preach at Sunday's
service in the University Chapel.
Rev. Thomas Franklin Day, D. 1).,
Professor of Old Testament Interpre
tation at the San Francisco Theologi
cal Seminary, will preach at Sunday's
service in the University Chapel.
Rev. Thomas Franklin Day, D. 1).,
Professor of Old Testament Interpre
tation at the San Francisco Theologi
cal Seminary, will preach at Sunday's
service in the University Chapel.
Rev. Thomas Franklin Day, D. 1).,
Professor of Old Testament Interpre
tation at the San Francisco Theologi
cal Seminary, will preach at Sunday's
service in the University Chapel.
Rev. Thomas Franklin Day, D. 1).,
Professor of Old Testament Interpre
tation at the San Francisco Theologi
cal Seminary, will preach at Sunday's
service in the University Chapel.
Rev. Thomas Franklin Day, D. 1).,
Professor of Old Testament Interpre
tation at the San Francisco Theologi
cal Seminary, will preach at Sunday's
service in the University Chapel.
Rev. Thomas Franklin Day, D. 1).,
Professor of Old Testament Interpre
tation at the San Francisco Theologi
cal Seminary, will preach at Sunday's
service in the University Chapel.
Rev. Thomas Franklin Day, D. 1).,
Professor of Old Testament Interpre
tation at the San Francisco Theologi
cal Seminary, will preach at Sunday's
service in the University Chapel.
Rev. Thomas Franklin Day, D. 1).,
Professor of Old Testament Interpre
tation at the San Francisco Theologi
cal Seminary, will preach at Sunday's
service in the University Chapel.
Rev. Thomas Franklin Day, D. 1).,
Professor of Old Testament Interpre
tation at the San Francisco Theologi
cal Seminary, will preach at Sunday's
service in the University Chapel.
Rev. Thomas Franklin Day, D. 1).,
Professor of Old Testament Interpre
tation at the San Francisco Theologi
cal Seminary, will preach at Sunday's
service in the University Chapel.
