# Miss Mirrielees Elected to Press Club.
## 
### 
The Women's Press Club has elected
to honorary membership, Miss Edith
R. Mirrielees, former editor of the
Sequoia and a recent contributor to
the American Magazine, who is at
present acting instructor in the Eng
lish department.
The Women's Press Club has elected
to honorary membership, Miss Edith
R. Mirrielees, former editor of the
Sequoia and a recent contributor to
the American Magazine, who is at
present acting instructor in the Eng
lish department.
The Women's Press Club has elected
to honorary membership, Miss Edith
R. Mirrielees, former editor of the
Sequoia and a recent contributor to
the American Magazine, who is at
present acting instructor in the Eng
lish department.
The Women's Press Club has elected
to honorary membership, Miss Edith
R. Mirrielees, former editor of the
Sequoia and a recent contributor to
the American Magazine, who is at
present acting instructor in the Eng
lish department.
The Women's Press Club has elected
to honorary membership, Miss Edith
R. Mirrielees, former editor of the
Sequoia and a recent contributor to
the American Magazine, who is at
present acting instructor in the Eng
lish department.
The Women's Press Club has elected
to honorary membership, Miss Edith
R. Mirrielees, former editor of the
Sequoia and a recent contributor to
the American Magazine, who is at
present acting instructor in the Eng
lish department.
The Women's Press Club has elected
to honorary membership, Miss Edith
R. Mirrielees, former editor of the
Sequoia and a recent contributor to
the American Magazine, who is at
present acting instructor in the Eng
lish department.
The Women's Press Club has elected
to honorary membership, Miss Edith
R. Mirrielees, former editor of the
Sequoia and a recent contributor to
the American Magazine, who is at
present acting instructor in the Eng
lish department.
The Women's Press Club has elected
to honorary membership, Miss Edith
R. Mirrielees, former editor of the
Sequoia and a recent contributor to
the American Magazine, who is at
present acting instructor in the Eng
lish department.
The Women's Press Club has elected
to honorary membership, Miss Edith
R. Mirrielees, former editor of the
Sequoia and a recent contributor to
the American Magazine, who is at
present acting instructor in the Eng
lish department.
The Women's Press Club has elected
to honorary membership, Miss Edith
R. Mirrielees, former editor of the
Sequoia and a recent contributor to
the American Magazine, who is at
present acting instructor in the Eng
lish department.
The Women's Press Club has elected
to honorary membership, Miss Edith
R. Mirrielees, former editor of the
Sequoia and a recent contributor to
the American Magazine, who is at
present acting instructor in the Eng
lish department.
The Women's Press Club has elected
to honorary membership, Miss Edith
R. Mirrielees, former editor of the
Sequoia and a recent contributor to
the American Magazine, who is at
present acting instructor in the Eng
lish department.
