# Training in Journalism.
## 
### 
President C. K. Adams of \\ is
consin read a paper recently before
the Wisconsin Press Association on
"What our schools and higher in
stitutions of learning can do for
modern journalism." lie prefaced
his paper with an invitation to the
editors to visit the university either
in a body or otherwise, lie lirst
dwelt upon the tremendous in
fluence of the press. From it, he
said, we get most of our politics if
not religion. He dwelt inter
estingly on the New York school of
diabolism founded by Wilbur F.
Storey, and of the attempt made to
counteract its influence at Cornell
while President Adams was at the
head of that institution. The
tendency of the newspaper man, he
said, is too often toward overesti
mating the sensational. He gave
recent examples of local occurences
which showed that the farther a re
port spreads the more distorted it
becomes. He asserted that the
university was an excellent train
ing. school for journalism. Ihe
first two years at college should be
spent in getting the fundamental
essentials of a good education and
the second two might be devoted to
special work. The newspaper man
needs training in three directions:
First, in the ability to express him
self rapidly, clearly, and vigorously;
second, to discuss the essentials of
a matter as well as the picturesque
and interesting phases; third, to
have a proper regard for accuracy
and truth.â€”Cardinal.
