# Petition Protests Hearing Coverage
## 
### 
Editor's note: The following pe
tition is now at Engineering Cor
ner.
We, .students of Stanford Uni
versity, protest the way in which
much of the nation's press has
misrepresented the student dem
onstrations against the House
Committee on Un-American Activ
ities hearings in San Francisco on
May 13. 14 and 15.
We denounce the claim that the
demonstrations were "Commu
nist-directed mob violence," and
furthermore resent as an Insult
to our intelligence the statement'
that the demonstrators were "un
knowing and misguided students."
In our view, the students who
demonstrated were conscientious
ly opposed to the unfair and un-
American committee techniques
which violate the spirit and pro
visions of the Bill of Rights (i.e.
freedom of speech, assembly, and
the right to a fair trial by due
process of law). The student op
posed the Committee with a high
purpose in mind, and we, the un
dersigned, will stand opposed to
the Committee and its methods.
Editor's note: The following pe
tition is now at Engineering Cor
ner.
We, .students of Stanford Uni
versity, protest the way in which
much of the nation's press has
misrepresented the student dem
onstrations against the House
Committee on Un-American Activ
ities hearings in San Francisco on
May 13. 14 and 15.
We denounce the claim that the
demonstrations were "Commu
nist-directed mob violence," and
furthermore resent as an Insult
to our intelligence the statement'
that the demonstrators were "un
knowing and misguided students."
In our view, the students who
demonstrated were conscientious
ly opposed to the unfair and un-
American committee techniques
which violate the spirit and pro
visions of the Bill of Rights (i.e.
freedom of speech, assembly, and
the right to a fair trial by due
process of law). The student op
posed the Committee with a high
purpose in mind, and we, the un
dersigned, will stand opposed to
the Committee and its methods.
Editor's note: The following pe
tition is now at Engineering Cor
ner.
We, .students of Stanford Uni
versity, protest the way in which
much of the nation's press has
misrepresented the student dem
onstrations against the House
Committee on Un-American Activ
ities hearings in San Francisco on
May 13. 14 and 15.
We denounce the claim that the
demonstrations were "Commu
nist-directed mob violence," and
furthermore resent as an Insult
to our intelligence the statement'
that the demonstrators were "un
knowing and misguided students."
In our view, the students who
demonstrated were conscientious
ly opposed to the unfair and un-
American committee techniques
which violate the spirit and pro
visions of the Bill of Rights (i.e.
freedom of speech, assembly, and
the right to a fair trial by due
process of law). The student op
posed the Committee with a high
purpose in mind, and we, the un
dersigned, will stand opposed to
the Committee and its methods.
Editor's note: The following pe
tition is now at Engineering Cor
ner.
We, .students of Stanford Uni
versity, protest the way in which
much of the nation's press has
misrepresented the student dem
onstrations against the House
Committee on Un-American Activ
ities hearings in San Francisco on
May 13. 14 and 15.
We denounce the claim that the
demonstrations were "Commu
nist-directed mob violence," and
furthermore resent as an Insult
to our intelligence the statement'
that the demonstrators were "un
knowing and misguided students."
In our view, the students who
demonstrated were conscientious
ly opposed to the unfair and un-
American committee techniques
which violate the spirit and pro
visions of the Bill of Rights (i.e.
freedom of speech, assembly, and
the right to a fair trial by due
process of law). The student op
posed the Committee with a high
purpose in mind, and we, the un
dersigned, will stand opposed to
the Committee and its methods.
Editor's note: The following pe
tition is now at Engineering Cor
ner.
We, .students of Stanford Uni
versity, protest the way in which
much of the nation's press has
misrepresented the student dem
onstrations against the House
Committee on Un-American Activ
ities hearings in San Francisco on
May 13. 14 and 15.
We denounce the claim that the
demonstrations were "Commu
nist-directed mob violence," and
furthermore resent as an Insult
to our intelligence the statement'
that the demonstrators were "un
knowing and misguided students."
In our view, the students who
demonstrated were conscientious
ly opposed to the unfair and un-
American committee techniques
which violate the spirit and pro
visions of the Bill of Rights (i.e.
freedom of speech, assembly, and
the right to a fair trial by due
process of law). The student op
posed the Committee with a high
purpose in mind, and we, the un
dersigned, will stand opposed to
the Committee and its methods.
Editor's note: The following pe
tition is now at Engineering Cor
ner.
We, .students of Stanford Uni
versity, protest the way in which
much of the nation's press has
misrepresented the student dem
onstrations against the House
Committee on Un-American Activ
ities hearings in San Francisco on
May 13. 14 and 15.
We denounce the claim that the
demonstrations were "Commu
nist-directed mob violence," and
furthermore resent as an Insult
to our intelligence the statement'
that the demonstrators were "un
knowing and misguided students."
In our view, the students who
demonstrated were conscientious
ly opposed to the unfair and un-
American committee techniques
which violate the spirit and pro
visions of the Bill of Rights (i.e.
freedom of speech, assembly, and
the right to a fair trial by due
process of law). The student op
posed the Committee with a high
purpose in mind, and we, the un
dersigned, will stand opposed to
the Committee and its methods.
Editor's note: The following pe
tition is now at Engineering Cor
ner.
We, .students of Stanford Uni
versity, protest the way in which
much of the nation's press has
misrepresented the student dem
onstrations against the House
Committee on Un-American Activ
ities hearings in San Francisco on
May 13. 14 and 15.
We denounce the claim that the
demonstrations were "Commu
nist-directed mob violence," and
furthermore resent as an Insult
to our intelligence the statement'
that the demonstrators were "un
knowing and misguided students."
In our view, the students who
demonstrated were conscientious
ly opposed to the unfair and un-
American committee techniques
which violate the spirit and pro
visions of the Bill of Rights (i.e.
freedom of speech, assembly, and
the right to a fair trial by due
process of law). The student op
posed the Committee with a high
purpose in mind, and we, the un
dersigned, will stand opposed to
the Committee and its methods.
Editor's note: The following pe
tition is now at Engineering Cor
ner.
We, .students of Stanford Uni
versity, protest the way in which
much of the nation's press has
misrepresented the student dem
onstrations against the House
Committee on Un-American Activ
ities hearings in San Francisco on
May 13. 14 and 15.
We denounce the claim that the
demonstrations were "Commu
nist-directed mob violence," and
furthermore resent as an Insult
to our intelligence the statement'
that the demonstrators were "un
knowing and misguided students."
In our view, the students who
demonstrated were conscientious
ly opposed to the unfair and un-
American committee techniques
which violate the spirit and pro
visions of the Bill of Rights (i.e.
freedom of speech, assembly, and
the right to a fair trial by due
process of law). The student op
posed the Committee with a high
purpose in mind, and we, the un
dersigned, will stand opposed to
the Committee and its methods.
Editor's note: The following pe
tition is now at Engineering Cor
ner.
We, .students of Stanford Uni
versity, protest the way in which
much of the nation's press has
misrepresented the student dem
onstrations against the House
Committee on Un-American Activ
ities hearings in San Francisco on
May 13. 14 and 15.
We denounce the claim that the
demonstrations were "Commu
nist-directed mob violence," and
furthermore resent as an Insult
to our intelligence the statement'
that the demonstrators were "un
knowing and misguided students."
In our view, the students who
demonstrated were conscientious
ly opposed to the unfair and un-
American committee techniques
which violate the spirit and pro
visions of the Bill of Rights (i.e.
freedom of speech, assembly, and
the right to a fair trial by due
process of law). The student op
posed the Committee with a high
purpose in mind, and we, the un
dersigned, will stand opposed to
the Committee and its methods.
Editor's note: The following pe
tition is now at Engineering Cor
ner.
We, .students of Stanford Uni
versity, protest the way in which
much of the nation's press has
misrepresented the student dem
onstrations against the House
Committee on Un-American Activ
ities hearings in San Francisco on
May 13. 14 and 15.
We denounce the claim that the
demonstrations were "Commu
nist-directed mob violence," and
furthermore resent as an Insult
to our intelligence the statement'
that the demonstrators were "un
knowing and misguided students."
In our view, the students who
demonstrated were conscientious
ly opposed to the unfair and un-
American committee techniques
which violate the spirit and pro
visions of the Bill of Rights (i.e.
freedom of speech, assembly, and
the right to a fair trial by due
process of law). The student op
posed the Committee with a high
purpose in mind, and we, the un
dersigned, will stand opposed to
the Committee and its methods.
Editor's note: The following pe
tition is now at Engineering Cor
ner.
We, .students of Stanford Uni
versity, protest the way in which
much of the nation's press has
misrepresented the student dem
onstrations against the House
Committee on Un-American Activ
ities hearings in San Francisco on
May 13. 14 and 15.
We denounce the claim that the
demonstrations were "Commu
nist-directed mob violence," and
furthermore resent as an Insult
to our intelligence the statement'
that the demonstrators were "un
knowing and misguided students."
In our view, the students who
demonstrated were conscientious
ly opposed to the unfair and un-
American committee techniques
which violate the spirit and pro
visions of the Bill of Rights (i.e.
freedom of speech, assembly, and
the right to a fair trial by due
process of law). The student op
posed the Committee with a high
purpose in mind, and we, the un
dersigned, will stand opposed to
the Committee and its methods.
Editor's note: The following pe
tition is now at Engineering Cor
ner.
We, .students of Stanford Uni
versity, protest the way in which
much of the nation's press has
misrepresented the student dem
onstrations against the House
Committee on Un-American Activ
ities hearings in San Francisco on
May 13. 14 and 15.
We denounce the claim that the
demonstrations were "Commu
nist-directed mob violence," and
furthermore resent as an Insult
to our intelligence the statement'
that the demonstrators were "un
knowing and misguided students."
In our view, the students who
demonstrated were conscientious
ly opposed to the unfair and un-
American committee techniques
which violate the spirit and pro
visions of the Bill of Rights (i.e.
freedom of speech, assembly, and
the right to a fair trial by due
process of law). The student op
posed the Committee with a high
purpose in mind, and we, the un
dersigned, will stand opposed to
the Committee and its methods.
Editor's note: The following pe
tition is now at Engineering Cor
ner.
We, .students of Stanford Uni
versity, protest the way in which
much of the nation's press has
misrepresented the student dem
onstrations against the House
Committee on Un-American Activ
ities hearings in San Francisco on
May 13. 14 and 15.
We denounce the claim that the
demonstrations were "Commu
nist-directed mob violence," and
furthermore resent as an Insult
to our intelligence the statement'
that the demonstrators were "un
knowing and misguided students."
In our view, the students who
demonstrated were conscientious
ly opposed to the unfair and un-
American committee techniques
which violate the spirit and pro
visions of the Bill of Rights (i.e.
freedom of speech, assembly, and
the right to a fair trial by due
process of law). The student op
posed the Committee with a high
purpose in mind, and we, the un
dersigned, will stand opposed to
the Committee and its methods.
Editor's note: The following pe
tition is now at Engineering Cor
ner.
We, .students of Stanford Uni
versity, protest the way in which
much of the nation's press has
misrepresented the student dem
onstrations against the House
Committee on Un-American Activ
ities hearings in San Francisco on
May 13. 14 and 15.
We denounce the claim that the
demonstrations were "Commu
nist-directed mob violence," and
furthermore resent as an Insult
to our intelligence the statement'
that the demonstrators were "un
knowing and misguided students."
In our view, the students who
demonstrated were conscientious
ly opposed to the unfair and un-
American committee techniques
which violate the spirit and pro
visions of the Bill of Rights (i.e.
freedom of speech, assembly, and
the right to a fair trial by due
process of law). The student op
posed the Committee with a high
purpose in mind, and we, the un
dersigned, will stand opposed to
the Committee and its methods.
Editor's note: The following pe
tition is now at Engineering Cor
ner.
We, .students of Stanford Uni
versity, protest the way in which
much of the nation's press has
misrepresented the student dem
onstrations against the House
Committee on Un-American Activ
ities hearings in San Francisco on
May 13. 14 and 15.
We denounce the claim that the
demonstrations were "Commu
nist-directed mob violence," and
furthermore resent as an Insult
to our intelligence the statement'
that the demonstrators were "un
knowing and misguided students."
In our view, the students who
demonstrated were conscientious
ly opposed to the unfair and un-
American committee techniques
which violate the spirit and pro
visions of the Bill of Rights (i.e.
freedom of speech, assembly, and
the right to a fair trial by due
process of law). The student op
posed the Committee with a high
purpose in mind, and we, the un
dersigned, will stand opposed to
the Committee and its methods.
Editor's note: The following pe
tition is now at Engineering Cor
ner.
We, .students of Stanford Uni
versity, protest the way in which
much of the nation's press has
misrepresented the student dem
onstrations against the House
Committee on Un-American Activ
ities hearings in San Francisco on
May 13. 14 and 15.
We denounce the claim that the
demonstrations were "Commu
nist-directed mob violence," and
furthermore resent as an Insult
to our intelligence the statement'
that the demonstrators were "un
knowing and misguided students."
In our view, the students who
demonstrated were conscientious
ly opposed to the unfair and un-
American committee techniques
which violate the spirit and pro
visions of the Bill of Rights (i.e.
freedom of speech, assembly, and
the right to a fair trial by due
process of law). The student op
posed the Committee with a high
purpose in mind, and we, the un
dersigned, will stand opposed to
the Committee and its methods.
