# DEBATE MEETING SLATED
## 
### 
Debaters who compose Stanford's
chapter of Delta Sigma Rho, na
tional forensic honorary, will meet
tomorrow at 2 o'clock in Room 203.
New members are to be selected and
officers picked to lead the organi
zation this yeai\
Debaters who compose Stanford's
chapter of Delta Sigma Rho, na
tional forensic honorary, will meet
tomorrow at 2 o'clock in Room 203.
New members are to be selected and
officers picked to lead the organi
zation this yeai\
Debaters who compose Stanford's
chapter of Delta Sigma Rho, na
tional forensic honorary, will meet
tomorrow at 2 o'clock in Room 203.
New members are to be selected and
officers picked to lead the organi
zation this yeai\
Debaters who compose Stanford's
chapter of Delta Sigma Rho, na
tional forensic honorary, will meet
tomorrow at 2 o'clock in Room 203.
New members are to be selected and
officers picked to lead the organi
zation this yeai\
Debaters who compose Stanford's
chapter of Delta Sigma Rho, na
tional forensic honorary, will meet
tomorrow at 2 o'clock in Room 203.
New members are to be selected and
officers picked to lead the organi
zation this yeai\
Debaters who compose Stanford's
chapter of Delta Sigma Rho, na
tional forensic honorary, will meet
tomorrow at 2 o'clock in Room 203.
New members are to be selected and
officers picked to lead the organi
zation this yeai\
Debaters who compose Stanford's
chapter of Delta Sigma Rho, na
tional forensic honorary, will meet
tomorrow at 2 o'clock in Room 203.
New members are to be selected and
officers picked to lead the organi
zation this yeai\
Debaters who compose Stanford's
chapter of Delta Sigma Rho, na
tional forensic honorary, will meet
tomorrow at 2 o'clock in Room 203.
New members are to be selected and
officers picked to lead the organi
zation this yeai\
Debaters who compose Stanford's
chapter of Delta Sigma Rho, na
tional forensic honorary, will meet
tomorrow at 2 o'clock in Room 203.
New members are to be selected and
officers picked to lead the organi
zation this yeai\
Debaters who compose Stanford's
chapter of Delta Sigma Rho, na
tional forensic honorary, will meet
tomorrow at 2 o'clock in Room 203.
New members are to be selected and
officers picked to lead the organi
zation this yeai\
Debaters who compose Stanford's
chapter of Delta Sigma Rho, na
tional forensic honorary, will meet
tomorrow at 2 o'clock in Room 203.
New members are to be selected and
officers picked to lead the organi
zation this yeai\
Debaters who compose Stanford's
chapter of Delta Sigma Rho, na
tional forensic honorary, will meet
tomorrow at 2 o'clock in Room 203.
New members are to be selected and
officers picked to lead the organi
zation this yeai\
Debaters who compose Stanford's
chapter of Delta Sigma Rho, na
tional forensic honorary, will meet
tomorrow at 2 o'clock in Room 203.
New members are to be selected and
officers picked to lead the organi
zation this yeai\
Debaters who compose Stanford's
chapter of Delta Sigma Rho, na
tional forensic honorary, will meet
tomorrow at 2 o'clock in Room 203.
New members are to be selected and
officers picked to lead the organi
zation this yeai\
Debaters who compose Stanford's
chapter of Delta Sigma Rho, na
tional forensic honorary, will meet
tomorrow at 2 o'clock in Room 203.
New members are to be selected and
officers picked to lead the organi
zation this yeai\
