# Frosh Water Poloists Defeat Palo Alto High
## 
### 
Off to a slow start Stanford's
freshman water polo team came to
life in time to down the Palo Alto
High School squad 6-1 yesterday
afternoon.
George Pearson's steady and good
play at guard won the individual
honors.
Card Babe scorers were: Ben Voss,
3; Alec McKensie,'2; Bob Hoover, 1.
Off to a slow start Stanford's
freshman water polo team came to
life in time to down the Palo Alto
High School squad 6-1 yesterday
afternoon.
George Pearson's steady and good
play at guard won the individual
honors.
Card Babe scorers were: Ben Voss,
3; Alec McKensie,'2; Bob Hoover, 1.
Off to a slow start Stanford's
freshman water polo team came to
life in time to down the Palo Alto
High School squad 6-1 yesterday
afternoon.
George Pearson's steady and good
play at guard won the individual
honors.
Card Babe scorers were: Ben Voss,
3; Alec McKensie,'2; Bob Hoover, 1.
Off to a slow start Stanford's
freshman water polo team came to
life in time to down the Palo Alto
High School squad 6-1 yesterday
afternoon.
George Pearson's steady and good
play at guard won the individual
honors.
Card Babe scorers were: Ben Voss,
3; Alec McKensie,'2; Bob Hoover, 1.
Off to a slow start Stanford's
freshman water polo team came to
life in time to down the Palo Alto
High School squad 6-1 yesterday
afternoon.
George Pearson's steady and good
play at guard won the individual
honors.
Card Babe scorers were: Ben Voss,
3; Alec McKensie,'2; Bob Hoover, 1.
Off to a slow start Stanford's
freshman water polo team came to
life in time to down the Palo Alto
High School squad 6-1 yesterday
afternoon.
George Pearson's steady and good
play at guard won the individual
honors.
Card Babe scorers were: Ben Voss,
3; Alec McKensie,'2; Bob Hoover, 1.
Off to a slow start Stanford's
freshman water polo team came to
life in time to down the Palo Alto
High School squad 6-1 yesterday
afternoon.
George Pearson's steady and good
play at guard won the individual
honors.
Card Babe scorers were: Ben Voss,
3; Alec McKensie,'2; Bob Hoover, 1.
Off to a slow start Stanford's
freshman water polo team came to
life in time to down the Palo Alto
High School squad 6-1 yesterday
afternoon.
George Pearson's steady and good
play at guard won the individual
honors.
Card Babe scorers were: Ben Voss,
3; Alec McKensie,'2; Bob Hoover, 1.
Off to a slow start Stanford's
freshman water polo team came to
life in time to down the Palo Alto
High School squad 6-1 yesterday
afternoon.
George Pearson's steady and good
play at guard won the individual
honors.
Card Babe scorers were: Ben Voss,
3; Alec McKensie,'2; Bob Hoover, 1.
Off to a slow start Stanford's
freshman water polo team came to
life in time to down the Palo Alto
High School squad 6-1 yesterday
afternoon.
George Pearson's steady and good
play at guard won the individual
honors.
Card Babe scorers were: Ben Voss,
3; Alec McKensie,'2; Bob Hoover, 1.
Off to a slow start Stanford's
freshman water polo team came to
life in time to down the Palo Alto
High School squad 6-1 yesterday
afternoon.
George Pearson's steady and good
play at guard won the individual
honors.
Card Babe scorers were: Ben Voss,
3; Alec McKensie,'2; Bob Hoover, 1.
Off to a slow start Stanford's
freshman water polo team came to
life in time to down the Palo Alto
High School squad 6-1 yesterday
afternoon.
George Pearson's steady and good
play at guard won the individual
honors.
Card Babe scorers were: Ben Voss,
3; Alec McKensie,'2; Bob Hoover, 1.
Off to a slow start Stanford's
freshman water polo team came to
life in time to down the Palo Alto
High School squad 6-1 yesterday
afternoon.
George Pearson's steady and good
play at guard won the individual
honors.
Card Babe scorers were: Ben Voss,
3; Alec McKensie,'2; Bob Hoover, 1.
Off to a slow start Stanford's
freshman water polo team came to
life in time to down the Palo Alto
High School squad 6-1 yesterday
afternoon.
George Pearson's steady and good
play at guard won the individual
honors.
Card Babe scorers were: Ben Voss,
3; Alec McKensie,'2; Bob Hoover, 1.
Off to a slow start Stanford's
freshman water polo team came to
life in time to down the Palo Alto
High School squad 6-1 yesterday
afternoon.
George Pearson's steady and good
play at guard won the individual
honors.
Card Babe scorers were: Ben Voss,
3; Alec McKensie,'2; Bob Hoover, 1.
