# Alumni Reading
## 
### 
Alumni of Alpha Omicron Pi are
sponsoring a reading to be given at
the sorority house tonight at 8:15
o'clock by Claire MacGreggor, a
member of the Public Speaking De
partment. "A Lantern in Her Hand"
is the selection.
Alumni of Alpha Omicron Pi are
sponsoring a reading to be given at
the sorority house tonight at 8:15
o'clock by Claire MacGreggor, a
member of the Public Speaking De
partment. "A Lantern in Her Hand"
is the selection.
Alumni of Alpha Omicron Pi are
sponsoring a reading to be given at
the sorority house tonight at 8:15
o'clock by Claire MacGreggor, a
member of the Public Speaking De
partment. "A Lantern in Her Hand"
is the selection.
Alumni of Alpha Omicron Pi are
sponsoring a reading to be given at
the sorority house tonight at 8:15
o'clock by Claire MacGreggor, a
member of the Public Speaking De
partment. "A Lantern in Her Hand"
is the selection.
Alumni of Alpha Omicron Pi are
sponsoring a reading to be given at
the sorority house tonight at 8:15
o'clock by Claire MacGreggor, a
member of the Public Speaking De
partment. "A Lantern in Her Hand"
is the selection.
Alumni of Alpha Omicron Pi are
sponsoring a reading to be given at
the sorority house tonight at 8:15
o'clock by Claire MacGreggor, a
member of the Public Speaking De
partment. "A Lantern in Her Hand"
is the selection.
Alumni of Alpha Omicron Pi are
sponsoring a reading to be given at
the sorority house tonight at 8:15
o'clock by Claire MacGreggor, a
member of the Public Speaking De
partment. "A Lantern in Her Hand"
is the selection.
Alumni of Alpha Omicron Pi are
sponsoring a reading to be given at
the sorority house tonight at 8:15
o'clock by Claire MacGreggor, a
member of the Public Speaking De
partment. "A Lantern in Her Hand"
is the selection.
Alumni of Alpha Omicron Pi are
sponsoring a reading to be given at
the sorority house tonight at 8:15
o'clock by Claire MacGreggor, a
member of the Public Speaking De
partment. "A Lantern in Her Hand"
is the selection.
Alumni of Alpha Omicron Pi are
sponsoring a reading to be given at
the sorority house tonight at 8:15
o'clock by Claire MacGreggor, a
member of the Public Speaking De
partment. "A Lantern in Her Hand"
is the selection.
Alumni of Alpha Omicron Pi are
sponsoring a reading to be given at
the sorority house tonight at 8:15
o'clock by Claire MacGreggor, a
member of the Public Speaking De
partment. "A Lantern in Her Hand"
is the selection.
Alumni of Alpha Omicron Pi are
sponsoring a reading to be given at
the sorority house tonight at 8:15
o'clock by Claire MacGreggor, a
member of the Public Speaking De
partment. "A Lantern in Her Hand"
is the selection.
Alumni of Alpha Omicron Pi are
sponsoring a reading to be given at
the sorority house tonight at 8:15
o'clock by Claire MacGreggor, a
member of the Public Speaking De
partment. "A Lantern in Her Hand"
is the selection.
Alumni of Alpha Omicron Pi are
sponsoring a reading to be given at
the sorority house tonight at 8:15
o'clock by Claire MacGreggor, a
member of the Public Speaking De
partment. "A Lantern in Her Hand"
is the selection.
Alumni of Alpha Omicron Pi are
sponsoring a reading to be given at
the sorority house tonight at 8:15
o'clock by Claire MacGreggor, a
member of the Public Speaking De
partment. "A Lantern in Her Hand"
is the selection.
