# Rhodes Group Names Three
## 
### 
The Stanford committee for the
selection of Rhodes Scholars re
cently nominated Edward Ardzroo
ni, David Jacobson, and A1 Ivey to
appear before the .state ' Rhodes
Scholar committee early in Decem
ber.
The candidate approved by the
state committee will immediately
pass on to the regional committee
where the final selection is made.
The three nominees have all been
awarded scholarships and under
graduate honors.
Ardzrooni, a student in special
programs in humanities, has been
active in debate and served as pres
ident of Canterbury Club, the cam
pus Episcopalian organization.
Jacobson, a history major, lias
served as president of the Debate
Society and won the JofTre Debate
with the University of California in
his sophomore year.
Ivey, a psych major, served as
vice-president for the National Stu
dent Association in the California
region and also served as a membei
of the NSA national executive com
mittee.
The Stanford committee for the
selection of Rhodes Scholars re
cently nominated Edward Ardzroo
ni, David Jacobson, and A1 Ivey to
appear before the .state ' Rhodes
Scholar committee early in Decem
ber.
The candidate approved by the
state committee will immediately
pass on to the regional committee
where the final selection is made.
The three nominees have all been
awarded scholarships and under
graduate honors.
Ardzrooni, a student in special
programs in humanities, has been
active in debate and served as pres
ident of Canterbury Club, the cam
pus Episcopalian organization.
Jacobson, a history major, lias
served as president of the Debate
Society and won the JofTre Debate
with the University of California in
his sophomore year.
Ivey, a psych major, served as
vice-president for the National Stu
dent Association in the California
region and also served as a membei
of the NSA national executive com
mittee.
The Stanford committee for the
selection of Rhodes Scholars re
cently nominated Edward Ardzroo
ni, David Jacobson, and A1 Ivey to
appear before the .state ' Rhodes
Scholar committee early in Decem
ber.
The candidate approved by the
state committee will immediately
pass on to the regional committee
where the final selection is made.
The three nominees have all been
awarded scholarships and under
graduate honors.
Ardzrooni, a student in special
programs in humanities, has been
active in debate and served as pres
ident of Canterbury Club, the cam
pus Episcopalian organization.
Jacobson, a history major, lias
served as president of the Debate
Society and won the JofTre Debate
with the University of California in
his sophomore year.
Ivey, a psych major, served as
vice-president for the National Stu
dent Association in the California
region and also served as a membei
of the NSA national executive com
mittee.
The Stanford committee for the
selection of Rhodes Scholars re
cently nominated Edward Ardzroo
ni, David Jacobson, and A1 Ivey to
appear before the .state ' Rhodes
Scholar committee early in Decem
ber.
The candidate approved by the
state committee will immediately
pass on to the regional committee
where the final selection is made.
The three nominees have all been
awarded scholarships and under
graduate honors.
Ardzrooni, a student in special
programs in humanities, has been
active in debate and served as pres
ident of Canterbury Club, the cam
pus Episcopalian organization.
Jacobson, a history major, lias
served as president of the Debate
Society and won the JofTre Debate
with the University of California in
his sophomore year.
Ivey, a psych major, served as
vice-president for the National Stu
dent Association in the California
region and also served as a membei
of the NSA national executive com
mittee.
The Stanford committee for the
selection of Rhodes Scholars re
cently nominated Edward Ardzroo
ni, David Jacobson, and A1 Ivey to
appear before the .state ' Rhodes
Scholar committee early in Decem
ber.
The candidate approved by the
state committee will immediately
pass on to the regional committee
where the final selection is made.
The three nominees have all been
awarded scholarships and under
graduate honors.
Ardzrooni, a student in special
programs in humanities, has been
active in debate and served as pres
ident of Canterbury Club, the cam
pus Episcopalian organization.
Jacobson, a history major, lias
served as president of the Debate
Society and won the JofTre Debate
with the University of California in
his sophomore year.
Ivey, a psych major, served as
vice-president for the National Stu
dent Association in the California
region and also served as a membei
of the NSA national executive com
mittee.
The Stanford committee for the
selection of Rhodes Scholars re
cently nominated Edward Ardzroo
ni, David Jacobson, and A1 Ivey to
appear before the .state ' Rhodes
Scholar committee early in Decem
ber.
The candidate approved by the
state committee will immediately
pass on to the regional committee
where the final selection is made.
The three nominees have all been
awarded scholarships and under
graduate honors.
Ardzrooni, a student in special
programs in humanities, has been
active in debate and served as pres
ident of Canterbury Club, the cam
pus Episcopalian organization.
Jacobson, a history major, lias
served as president of the Debate
Society and won the JofTre Debate
with the University of California in
his sophomore year.
Ivey, a psych major, served as
vice-president for the National Stu
dent Association in the California
region and also served as a membei
of the NSA national executive com
mittee.
The Stanford committee for the
selection of Rhodes Scholars re
cently nominated Edward Ardzroo
ni, David Jacobson, and A1 Ivey to
appear before the .state ' Rhodes
Scholar committee early in Decem
ber.
The candidate approved by the
state committee will immediately
pass on to the regional committee
where the final selection is made.
The three nominees have all been
awarded scholarships and under
graduate honors.
Ardzrooni, a student in special
programs in humanities, has been
active in debate and served as pres
ident of Canterbury Club, the cam
pus Episcopalian organization.
Jacobson, a history major, lias
served as president of the Debate
Society and won the JofTre Debate
with the University of California in
his sophomore year.
Ivey, a psych major, served as
vice-president for the National Stu
dent Association in the California
region and also served as a membei
of the NSA national executive com
mittee.
The Stanford committee for the
selection of Rhodes Scholars re
cently nominated Edward Ardzroo
ni, David Jacobson, and A1 Ivey to
appear before the .state ' Rhodes
Scholar committee early in Decem
ber.
The candidate approved by the
state committee will immediately
pass on to the regional committee
where the final selection is made.
The three nominees have all been
awarded scholarships and under
graduate honors.
Ardzrooni, a student in special
programs in humanities, has been
active in debate and served as pres
ident of Canterbury Club, the cam
pus Episcopalian organization.
Jacobson, a history major, lias
served as president of the Debate
Society and won the JofTre Debate
with the University of California in
his sophomore year.
Ivey, a psych major, served as
vice-president for the National Stu
dent Association in the California
region and also served as a membei
of the NSA national executive com
mittee.
The Stanford committee for the
selection of Rhodes Scholars re
cently nominated Edward Ardzroo
ni, David Jacobson, and A1 Ivey to
appear before the .state ' Rhodes
Scholar committee early in Decem
ber.
The candidate approved by the
state committee will immediately
pass on to the regional committee
where the final selection is made.
The three nominees have all been
awarded scholarships and under
graduate honors.
Ardzrooni, a student in special
programs in humanities, has been
active in debate and served as pres
ident of Canterbury Club, the cam
pus Episcopalian organization.
Jacobson, a history major, lias
served as president of the Debate
Society and won the JofTre Debate
with the University of California in
his sophomore year.
Ivey, a psych major, served as
vice-president for the National Stu
dent Association in the California
region and also served as a membei
of the NSA national executive com
mittee.
The Stanford committee for the
selection of Rhodes Scholars re
cently nominated Edward Ardzroo
ni, David Jacobson, and A1 Ivey to
appear before the .state ' Rhodes
Scholar committee early in Decem
ber.
The candidate approved by the
state committee will immediately
pass on to the regional committee
where the final selection is made.
The three nominees have all been
awarded scholarships and under
graduate honors.
Ardzrooni, a student in special
programs in humanities, has been
active in debate and served as pres
ident of Canterbury Club, the cam
pus Episcopalian organization.
Jacobson, a history major, lias
served as president of the Debate
Society and won the JofTre Debate
with the University of California in
his sophomore year.
Ivey, a psych major, served as
vice-president for the National Stu
dent Association in the California
region and also served as a membei
of the NSA national executive com
mittee.
The Stanford committee for the
selection of Rhodes Scholars re
cently nominated Edward Ardzroo
ni, David Jacobson, and A1 Ivey to
appear before the .state ' Rhodes
Scholar committee early in Decem
ber.
The candidate approved by the
state committee will immediately
pass on to the regional committee
where the final selection is made.
The three nominees have all been
awarded scholarships and under
graduate honors.
Ardzrooni, a student in special
programs in humanities, has been
active in debate and served as pres
ident of Canterbury Club, the cam
pus Episcopalian organization.
Jacobson, a history major, lias
served as president of the Debate
Society and won the JofTre Debate
with the University of California in
his sophomore year.
Ivey, a psych major, served as
vice-president for the National Stu
dent Association in the California
region and also served as a membei
of the NSA national executive com
mittee.
The Stanford committee for the
selection of Rhodes Scholars re
cently nominated Edward Ardzroo
ni, David Jacobson, and A1 Ivey to
appear before the .state ' Rhodes
Scholar committee early in Decem
ber.
The candidate approved by the
state committee will immediately
pass on to the regional committee
where the final selection is made.
The three nominees have all been
awarded scholarships and under
graduate honors.
Ardzrooni, a student in special
programs in humanities, has been
active in debate and served as pres
ident of Canterbury Club, the cam
pus Episcopalian organization.
Jacobson, a history major, lias
served as president of the Debate
Society and won the JofTre Debate
with the University of California in
his sophomore year.
Ivey, a psych major, served as
vice-president for the National Stu
dent Association in the California
region and also served as a membei
of the NSA national executive com
mittee.
The Stanford committee for the
selection of Rhodes Scholars re
cently nominated Edward Ardzroo
ni, David Jacobson, and A1 Ivey to
appear before the .state ' Rhodes
Scholar committee early in Decem
ber.
The candidate approved by the
state committee will immediately
pass on to the regional committee
where the final selection is made.
The three nominees have all been
awarded scholarships and under
graduate honors.
Ardzrooni, a student in special
programs in humanities, has been
active in debate and served as pres
ident of Canterbury Club, the cam
pus Episcopalian organization.
Jacobson, a history major, lias
served as president of the Debate
Society and won the JofTre Debate
with the University of California in
his sophomore year.
Ivey, a psych major, served as
vice-president for the National Stu
dent Association in the California
region and also served as a membei
of the NSA national executive com
mittee.
The Stanford committee for the
selection of Rhodes Scholars re
cently nominated Edward Ardzroo
ni, David Jacobson, and A1 Ivey to
appear before the .state ' Rhodes
Scholar committee early in Decem
ber.
The candidate approved by the
state committee will immediately
pass on to the regional committee
where the final selection is made.
The three nominees have all been
awarded scholarships and under
graduate honors.
Ardzrooni, a student in special
programs in humanities, has been
active in debate and served as pres
ident of Canterbury Club, the cam
pus Episcopalian organization.
Jacobson, a history major, lias
served as president of the Debate
Society and won the JofTre Debate
with the University of California in
his sophomore year.
Ivey, a psych major, served as
vice-president for the National Stu
dent Association in the California
region and also served as a membei
of the NSA national executive com
mittee.
