# Concert Tickets Here
## 
### 
Students who have ordered season
tickets for the Stanford Concert
Series should pick them up as soon
as possible, according to Manager
John Tirrell. Hours of the Concert
Series oMice, located in the Nitery,
are 1 to 5 p.m. Monday through Fri
day
Students who have ordered season
tickets for the Stanford Concert
Series should pick them up as soon
as possible, according to Manager
John Tirrell. Hours of the Concert
Series oMice, located in the Nitery,
are 1 to 5 p.m. Monday through Fri
day
Students who have ordered season
tickets for the Stanford Concert
Series should pick them up as soon
as possible, according to Manager
John Tirrell. Hours of the Concert
Series oMice, located in the Nitery,
are 1 to 5 p.m. Monday through Fri
day
Students who have ordered season
tickets for the Stanford Concert
Series should pick them up as soon
as possible, according to Manager
John Tirrell. Hours of the Concert
Series oMice, located in the Nitery,
are 1 to 5 p.m. Monday through Fri
day
Students who have ordered season
tickets for the Stanford Concert
Series should pick them up as soon
as possible, according to Manager
John Tirrell. Hours of the Concert
Series oMice, located in the Nitery,
are 1 to 5 p.m. Monday through Fri
day
Students who have ordered season
tickets for the Stanford Concert
Series should pick them up as soon
as possible, according to Manager
John Tirrell. Hours of the Concert
Series oMice, located in the Nitery,
are 1 to 5 p.m. Monday through Fri
day
Students who have ordered season
tickets for the Stanford Concert
Series should pick them up as soon
as possible, according to Manager
John Tirrell. Hours of the Concert
Series oMice, located in the Nitery,
are 1 to 5 p.m. Monday through Fri
day
Students who have ordered season
tickets for the Stanford Concert
Series should pick them up as soon
as possible, according to Manager
John Tirrell. Hours of the Concert
Series oMice, located in the Nitery,
are 1 to 5 p.m. Monday through Fri
day
Students who have ordered season
tickets for the Stanford Concert
Series should pick them up as soon
as possible, according to Manager
John Tirrell. Hours of the Concert
Series oMice, located in the Nitery,
are 1 to 5 p.m. Monday through Fri
day
Students who have ordered season
tickets for the Stanford Concert
Series should pick them up as soon
as possible, according to Manager
John Tirrell. Hours of the Concert
Series oMice, located in the Nitery,
are 1 to 5 p.m. Monday through Fri
day
Students who have ordered season
tickets for the Stanford Concert
Series should pick them up as soon
as possible, according to Manager
John Tirrell. Hours of the Concert
Series oMice, located in the Nitery,
are 1 to 5 p.m. Monday through Fri
day
Students who have ordered season
tickets for the Stanford Concert
Series should pick them up as soon
as possible, according to Manager
John Tirrell. Hours of the Concert
Series oMice, located in the Nitery,
are 1 to 5 p.m. Monday through Fri
day
Students who have ordered season
tickets for the Stanford Concert
Series should pick them up as soon
as possible, according to Manager
John Tirrell. Hours of the Concert
Series oMice, located in the Nitery,
are 1 to 5 p.m. Monday through Fri
day
Students who have ordered season
tickets for the Stanford Concert
Series should pick them up as soon
as possible, according to Manager
John Tirrell. Hours of the Concert
Series oMice, located in the Nitery,
are 1 to 5 p.m. Monday through Fri
day
