# King's Men Recital Nets Nearly $450
## 
### 
Last Friday's "Kind's Men'' con
cert. netted nearly $450 in profits,
Meredith Noble, concert chairman,
reported.
This year's proceeds arc slightly
less than last, years. The Berlin Af
filiation Committee is confident that
it can offer a scholarship to a stu
dent, from the Free University of
Berlin nevertheless. Concert profits
will supply about two-thirds of the
necessary funds.
Last Friday's "Kind's Men'' con
cert. netted nearly $450 in profits,
Meredith Noble, concert chairman,
reported.
This year's proceeds arc slightly
less than last, years. The Berlin Af
filiation Committee is confident that
it can offer a scholarship to a stu
dent, from the Free University of
Berlin nevertheless. Concert profits
will supply about two-thirds of the
necessary funds.
Last Friday's "Kind's Men'' con
cert. netted nearly $450 in profits,
Meredith Noble, concert chairman,
reported.
This year's proceeds arc slightly
less than last, years. The Berlin Af
filiation Committee is confident that
it can offer a scholarship to a stu
dent, from the Free University of
Berlin nevertheless. Concert profits
will supply about two-thirds of the
necessary funds.
Last Friday's "Kind's Men'' con
cert. netted nearly $450 in profits,
Meredith Noble, concert chairman,
reported.
This year's proceeds arc slightly
less than last, years. The Berlin Af
filiation Committee is confident that
it can offer a scholarship to a stu
dent, from the Free University of
Berlin nevertheless. Concert profits
will supply about two-thirds of the
necessary funds.
Last Friday's "Kind's Men'' con
cert. netted nearly $450 in profits,
Meredith Noble, concert chairman,
reported.
This year's proceeds arc slightly
less than last, years. The Berlin Af
filiation Committee is confident that
it can offer a scholarship to a stu
dent, from the Free University of
Berlin nevertheless. Concert profits
will supply about two-thirds of the
necessary funds.
Last Friday's "Kind's Men'' con
cert. netted nearly $450 in profits,
Meredith Noble, concert chairman,
reported.
This year's proceeds arc slightly
less than last, years. The Berlin Af
filiation Committee is confident that
it can offer a scholarship to a stu
dent, from the Free University of
Berlin nevertheless. Concert profits
will supply about two-thirds of the
necessary funds.
Last Friday's "Kind's Men'' con
cert. netted nearly $450 in profits,
Meredith Noble, concert chairman,
reported.
This year's proceeds arc slightly
less than last, years. The Berlin Af
filiation Committee is confident that
it can offer a scholarship to a stu
dent, from the Free University of
Berlin nevertheless. Concert profits
will supply about two-thirds of the
necessary funds.
Last Friday's "Kind's Men'' con
cert. netted nearly $450 in profits,
Meredith Noble, concert chairman,
reported.
This year's proceeds arc slightly
less than last, years. The Berlin Af
filiation Committee is confident that
it can offer a scholarship to a stu
dent, from the Free University of
Berlin nevertheless. Concert profits
will supply about two-thirds of the
necessary funds.
Last Friday's "Kind's Men'' con
cert. netted nearly $450 in profits,
Meredith Noble, concert chairman,
reported.
This year's proceeds arc slightly
less than last, years. The Berlin Af
filiation Committee is confident that
it can offer a scholarship to a stu
dent, from the Free University of
Berlin nevertheless. Concert profits
will supply about two-thirds of the
necessary funds.
Last Friday's "Kind's Men'' con
cert. netted nearly $450 in profits,
Meredith Noble, concert chairman,
reported.
This year's proceeds arc slightly
less than last, years. The Berlin Af
filiation Committee is confident that
it can offer a scholarship to a stu
dent, from the Free University of
Berlin nevertheless. Concert profits
will supply about two-thirds of the
necessary funds.
Last Friday's "Kind's Men'' con
cert. netted nearly $450 in profits,
Meredith Noble, concert chairman,
reported.
This year's proceeds arc slightly
less than last, years. The Berlin Af
filiation Committee is confident that
it can offer a scholarship to a stu
dent, from the Free University of
Berlin nevertheless. Concert profits
will supply about two-thirds of the
necessary funds.
Last Friday's "Kind's Men'' con
cert. netted nearly $450 in profits,
Meredith Noble, concert chairman,
reported.
This year's proceeds arc slightly
less than last, years. The Berlin Af
filiation Committee is confident that
it can offer a scholarship to a stu
dent, from the Free University of
Berlin nevertheless. Concert profits
will supply about two-thirds of the
necessary funds.
Last Friday's "Kind's Men'' con
cert. netted nearly $450 in profits,
Meredith Noble, concert chairman,
reported.
This year's proceeds arc slightly
less than last, years. The Berlin Af
filiation Committee is confident that
it can offer a scholarship to a stu
dent, from the Free University of
Berlin nevertheless. Concert profits
will supply about two-thirds of the
necessary funds.
Last Friday's "Kind's Men'' con
cert. netted nearly $450 in profits,
Meredith Noble, concert chairman,
reported.
This year's proceeds arc slightly
less than last, years. The Berlin Af
filiation Committee is confident that
it can offer a scholarship to a stu
dent, from the Free University of
Berlin nevertheless. Concert profits
will supply about two-thirds of the
necessary funds.
