# Tarr Gets Face-Lifting
## 
### 

CHIN UP! - Stanford fullback Bill Tarr seems to be getting a
face lifting as he is hauled down on the one-yard line by Husky
Bill Albrecht with a grip on his chin. Corky Lewis is giving Al
brecht lots of help bringing Tarr down. The first-quarter play
was good for seven yards, Jerry Gustafson scoring on the next
play on a quarterback sneak. The Cards missed the following
conversion but won the game, 13-7. —NEA Telephoto

CHIN UP! - Stanford fullback Bill Tarr seems to be getting a
face lifting as he is hauled down on the one-yard line by Husky
Bill Albrecht with a grip on his chin. Corky Lewis is giving Al
brecht lots of help bringing Tarr down. The first-quarter play
was good for seven yards, Jerry Gustafson scoring on the next
play on a quarterback sneak. The Cards missed the following
conversion but won the game, 13-7. —NEA Telephoto

CHIN UP! - Stanford fullback Bill Tarr seems to be getting a
face lifting as he is hauled down on the one-yard line by Husky
Bill Albrecht with a grip on his chin. Corky Lewis is giving Al
brecht lots of help bringing Tarr down. The first-quarter play
was good for seven yards, Jerry Gustafson scoring on the next
play on a quarterback sneak. The Cards missed the following
conversion but won the game, 13-7. —NEA Telephoto

CHIN UP! - Stanford fullback Bill Tarr seems to be getting a
face lifting as he is hauled down on the one-yard line by Husky
Bill Albrecht with a grip on his chin. Corky Lewis is giving Al
brecht lots of help bringing Tarr down. The first-quarter play
was good for seven yards, Jerry Gustafson scoring on the next
play on a quarterback sneak. The Cards missed the following
conversion but won the game, 13-7. —NEA Telephoto

CHIN UP! - Stanford fullback Bill Tarr seems to be getting a
face lifting as he is hauled down on the one-yard line by Husky
Bill Albrecht with a grip on his chin. Corky Lewis is giving Al
brecht lots of help bringing Tarr down. The first-quarter play
was good for seven yards, Jerry Gustafson scoring on the next
play on a quarterback sneak. The Cards missed the following
conversion but won the game, 13-7. —NEA Telephoto

CHIN UP! - Stanford fullback Bill Tarr seems to be getting a
face lifting as he is hauled down on the one-yard line by Husky
Bill Albrecht with a grip on his chin. Corky Lewis is giving Al
brecht lots of help bringing Tarr down. The first-quarter play
was good for seven yards, Jerry Gustafson scoring on the next
play on a quarterback sneak. The Cards missed the following
conversion but won the game, 13-7. —NEA Telephoto

CHIN UP! - Stanford fullback Bill Tarr seems to be getting a
face lifting as he is hauled down on the one-yard line by Husky
Bill Albrecht with a grip on his chin. Corky Lewis is giving Al
brecht lots of help bringing Tarr down. The first-quarter play
was good for seven yards, Jerry Gustafson scoring on the next
play on a quarterback sneak. The Cards missed the following
conversion but won the game, 13-7. —NEA Telephoto

CHIN UP! - Stanford fullback Bill Tarr seems to be getting a
face lifting as he is hauled down on the one-yard line by Husky
Bill Albrecht with a grip on his chin. Corky Lewis is giving Al
brecht lots of help bringing Tarr down. The first-quarter play
was good for seven yards, Jerry Gustafson scoring on the next
play on a quarterback sneak. The Cards missed the following
conversion but won the game, 13-7. —NEA Telephoto

CHIN UP! - Stanford fullback Bill Tarr seems to be getting a
face lifting as he is hauled down on the one-yard line by Husky
Bill Albrecht with a grip on his chin. Corky Lewis is giving Al
brecht lots of help bringing Tarr down. The first-quarter play
was good for seven yards, Jerry Gustafson scoring on the next
play on a quarterback sneak. The Cards missed the following
conversion but won the game, 13-7. —NEA Telephoto

CHIN UP! - Stanford fullback Bill Tarr seems to be getting a
face lifting as he is hauled down on the one-yard line by Husky
Bill Albrecht with a grip on his chin. Corky Lewis is giving Al
brecht lots of help bringing Tarr down. The first-quarter play
was good for seven yards, Jerry Gustafson scoring on the next
play on a quarterback sneak. The Cards missed the following
conversion but won the game, 13-7. —NEA Telephoto

CHIN UP! - Stanford fullback Bill Tarr seems to be getting a
face lifting as he is hauled down on the one-yard line by Husky
Bill Albrecht with a grip on his chin. Corky Lewis is giving Al
brecht lots of help bringing Tarr down. The first-quarter play
was good for seven yards, Jerry Gustafson scoring on the next
play on a quarterback sneak. The Cards missed the following
conversion but won the game, 13-7. —NEA Telephoto

CHIN UP! - Stanford fullback Bill Tarr seems to be getting a
face lifting as he is hauled down on the one-yard line by Husky
Bill Albrecht with a grip on his chin. Corky Lewis is giving Al
brecht lots of help bringing Tarr down. The first-quarter play
was good for seven yards, Jerry Gustafson scoring on the next
play on a quarterback sneak. The Cards missed the following
conversion but won the game, 13-7. —NEA Telephoto

CHIN UP! - Stanford fullback Bill Tarr seems to be getting a
face lifting as he is hauled down on the one-yard line by Husky
Bill Albrecht with a grip on his chin. Corky Lewis is giving Al
brecht lots of help bringing Tarr down. The first-quarter play
was good for seven yards, Jerry Gustafson scoring on the next
play on a quarterback sneak. The Cards missed the following
conversion but won the game, 13-7. —NEA Telephoto

CHIN UP! - Stanford fullback Bill Tarr seems to be getting a
face lifting as he is hauled down on the one-yard line by Husky
Bill Albrecht with a grip on his chin. Corky Lewis is giving Al
brecht lots of help bringing Tarr down. The first-quarter play
was good for seven yards, Jerry Gustafson scoring on the next
play on a quarterback sneak. The Cards missed the following
conversion but won the game, 13-7. —NEA Telephoto
