# NATIONAL CONVENTION OUTLINES TWO-YEAR PROGRAM OF Y.W.C.A.
## 
### 
The two big problems of the Y. W.
C. A. were met at the national bienni
al convention held at Hot Springs,
Arkansas, April 20 to 27, when the
national budget was outlined for the
next two years, and when the student
association, through their assembly,
assumed their part of the national
expense. No action was taken on the
proposed change of membership basis
from an alternate to a personal basis,
and the question will be brought up
again at the next convention in 1924.
This was the gist of the report
made by Edna Hawkenson, '22, who
returned this week from the conven
tion at Hot Springs, which she at
tended as a member of the national
finance commission and as the student
delegate from the Stanford Y. W. C. A.
Four hundred students, represent
ing every state in the Union and six
foreign countries, made up the Stu
dent Assembly, while the convention
proper was composed of 2000 dele
gates.
The outstanding feature of the con
vention was the work of the Student
Assembly in re-organizing the student
department to make possible the union
of national and local associations.
Mrs. Frederick Paist, who is the
sister of President Wilbur, was re
elected president of the national Y.
W. C. A., to serve for the next two
years. The National Board and all
officers are elected at the biennial con
ventions.
Miss A. Maude Royden, who is con
sidered England's foremost woman
preacher, was the principal speaker
at the convention. Her series of six
addresses dealt with social and eco
nomic problems.
A report on the workings of the
convention, particularly the Student
Assembly, will be made soon by Miss
Hawkenson, at a meeting of the Stan
ford Y. W. C. A.
