# Sequoia Club Organizes To Cope With Fire Menace
## 
### 
Organization of Sequoia Club as a
protection against fire menace, took
place last night on about the same
plans as that adopted at Encina a few
weeks ago. Ed Lamb, University fire
marshal, spoke to the club about the
dangers of fire, giving some graphic
illustrations, and urged the organiza
tion of fhe club for the ball and also
as an aid to prevent careless fires
started on the campus by campers and
trartips. The plan of organization pro
vides for a general fire chief for the
complete hall and a captain and lieu
tenant for each floor.
Organization of Sequoia Club as a
protection against fire menace, took
place last night on about the same
plans as that adopted at Encina a few
weeks ago. Ed Lamb, University fire
marshal, spoke to the club about the
dangers of fire, giving some graphic
illustrations, and urged the organiza
tion of fhe club for the ball and also
as an aid to prevent careless fires
started on the campus by campers and
trartips. The plan of organization pro
vides for a general fire chief for the
complete hall and a captain and lieu
tenant for each floor.
Organization of Sequoia Club as a
protection against fire menace, took
place last night on about the same
plans as that adopted at Encina a few
weeks ago. Ed Lamb, University fire
marshal, spoke to the club about the
dangers of fire, giving some graphic
illustrations, and urged the organiza
tion of fhe club for the ball and also
as an aid to prevent careless fires
started on the campus by campers and
trartips. The plan of organization pro
vides for a general fire chief for the
complete hall and a captain and lieu
tenant for each floor.
Organization of Sequoia Club as a
protection against fire menace, took
place last night on about the same
plans as that adopted at Encina a few
weeks ago. Ed Lamb, University fire
marshal, spoke to the club about the
dangers of fire, giving some graphic
illustrations, and urged the organiza
tion of fhe club for the ball and also
as an aid to prevent careless fires
started on the campus by campers and
trartips. The plan of organization pro
vides for a general fire chief for the
complete hall and a captain and lieu
tenant for each floor.
Organization of Sequoia Club as a
protection against fire menace, took
place last night on about the same
plans as that adopted at Encina a few
weeks ago. Ed Lamb, University fire
marshal, spoke to the club about the
dangers of fire, giving some graphic
illustrations, and urged the organiza
tion of fhe club for the ball and also
as an aid to prevent careless fires
started on the campus by campers and
trartips. The plan of organization pro
vides for a general fire chief for the
complete hall and a captain and lieu
tenant for each floor.
Organization of Sequoia Club as a
protection against fire menace, took
place last night on about the same
plans as that adopted at Encina a few
weeks ago. Ed Lamb, University fire
marshal, spoke to the club about the
dangers of fire, giving some graphic
illustrations, and urged the organiza
tion of fhe club for the ball and also
as an aid to prevent careless fires
started on the campus by campers and
trartips. The plan of organization pro
vides for a general fire chief for the
complete hall and a captain and lieu
tenant for each floor.
Organization of Sequoia Club as a
protection against fire menace, took
place last night on about the same
plans as that adopted at Encina a few
weeks ago. Ed Lamb, University fire
marshal, spoke to the club about the
dangers of fire, giving some graphic
illustrations, and urged the organiza
tion of fhe club for the ball and also
as an aid to prevent careless fires
started on the campus by campers and
trartips. The plan of organization pro
vides for a general fire chief for the
complete hall and a captain and lieu
tenant for each floor.
Organization of Sequoia Club as a
protection against fire menace, took
place last night on about the same
plans as that adopted at Encina a few
weeks ago. Ed Lamb, University fire
marshal, spoke to the club about the
dangers of fire, giving some graphic
illustrations, and urged the organiza
tion of fhe club for the ball and also
as an aid to prevent careless fires
started on the campus by campers and
trartips. The plan of organization pro
vides for a general fire chief for the
complete hall and a captain and lieu
tenant for each floor.
Organization of Sequoia Club as a
protection against fire menace, took
place last night on about the same
plans as that adopted at Encina a few
weeks ago. Ed Lamb, University fire
marshal, spoke to the club about the
dangers of fire, giving some graphic
illustrations, and urged the organiza
tion of fhe club for the ball and also
as an aid to prevent careless fires
started on the campus by campers and
trartips. The plan of organization pro
vides for a general fire chief for the
complete hall and a captain and lieu
tenant for each floor.
Organization of Sequoia Club as a
protection against fire menace, took
place last night on about the same
plans as that adopted at Encina a few
weeks ago. Ed Lamb, University fire
marshal, spoke to the club about the
dangers of fire, giving some graphic
illustrations, and urged the organiza
tion of fhe club for the ball and also
as an aid to prevent careless fires
started on the campus by campers and
trartips. The plan of organization pro
vides for a general fire chief for the
complete hall and a captain and lieu
tenant for each floor.
Organization of Sequoia Club as a
protection against fire menace, took
place last night on about the same
plans as that adopted at Encina a few
weeks ago. Ed Lamb, University fire
marshal, spoke to the club about the
dangers of fire, giving some graphic
illustrations, and urged the organiza
tion of fhe club for the ball and also
as an aid to prevent careless fires
started on the campus by campers and
trartips. The plan of organization pro
vides for a general fire chief for the
complete hall and a captain and lieu
tenant for each floor.
Organization of Sequoia Club as a
protection against fire menace, took
place last night on about the same
plans as that adopted at Encina a few
weeks ago. Ed Lamb, University fire
marshal, spoke to the club about the
dangers of fire, giving some graphic
illustrations, and urged the organiza
tion of fhe club for the ball and also
as an aid to prevent careless fires
started on the campus by campers and
trartips. The plan of organization pro
vides for a general fire chief for the
complete hall and a captain and lieu
tenant for each floor.
Organization of Sequoia Club as a
protection against fire menace, took
place last night on about the same
plans as that adopted at Encina a few
weeks ago. Ed Lamb, University fire
marshal, spoke to the club about the
dangers of fire, giving some graphic
illustrations, and urged the organiza
tion of fhe club for the ball and also
as an aid to prevent careless fires
started on the campus by campers and
trartips. The plan of organization pro
vides for a general fire chief for the
complete hall and a captain and lieu
tenant for each floor.
Organization of Sequoia Club as a
protection against fire menace, took
place last night on about the same
plans as that adopted at Encina a few
weeks ago. Ed Lamb, University fire
marshal, spoke to the club about the
dangers of fire, giving some graphic
illustrations, and urged the organiza
tion of fhe club for the ball and also
as an aid to prevent careless fires
started on the campus by campers and
trartips. The plan of organization pro
vides for a general fire chief for the
complete hall and a captain and lieu
tenant for each floor.
