# NO TRIP FOR SHAW PLAY CAST.
## Producing Rights Of "Arms and the Man" Already Preempted In Los Angeles. 
### 
The proposed trip for of the English
Club play cast of "Arms and the Man"
has received a death blow for a pro
duction of the Shaw comedy in Los
Angeles during the holidays. The
reason is that the management of the
Helasco Stock Company of that city
holds the producing rights for "Arms
and the Man" for one year. This
company paid $2;">0 for the rights and
will not release them for considerable
more. This hindrance is practically
the only thing that prevents the trip.
President L. S. YValbridge of the
English Club returned this morning
from Los Angeles, where he was in
the position to investigate. He stat
ed today that the plans would be
abandoned.
