# Announcements.
## 
### 
<>i<'<>logical Society—Will meet to
morrow evening at 8 at the Acacia
house.
Intcrcollegiatc tio)crnors — Will
meet at Zetu Psi house Wednesday
evening at 7:30.
Subscriptions—For Daily Palo Alto,
for students residing in Palo Alto, will
be received at Congdon & Crome's
bookstore.
Sophomore Cotillion — Will hold
practice in Encina clubroom next
Tuesday evening at 8:30 All couples
with tickets should be present.
Committe.
German 2 b.—Consultation Tues
day: Todd, Jameson, Tully, Hill.
Thursday: Jollyman, A. Wishard, 11.
Wishard. Please watch this column
for further notices.
G. H. Danton.
Sophomore Play—Second Women's
try-outs Wednesday at 1:30 in room
214; men Thursday, same hour and
place. Candidates should know se
lection from parts, and bring books.
Committee.
Philological Association—Will meet
December 3 at 2:30 in room 31. First
paper by Prof. H. W Rolfe, "Certain
Economic Facts that Mel]) Explain
the Greatness of Athens." Second
paper by Prof. J. Elmore, "Note on
Use of the Personal Pronoun in
Plato."
.11, E. 3 a.—There will lie an ex
amination in Elementary Machine De
sign, Friday, December 4th, at 1:30
in room 283. This examination is
intended for all the students who re
ceived marks of "condition" or "in
complete" on the work of last sem
ester.
G. H. Marx.
