# WINS TENNIS TOURNEY
## E. R. CANTERBURY, '12, AWARDED THIELE TROPHY CUP. Defeats W. H. Newman, '12, In Three Out of Four Sets In Thanksgiving Holiday Matches. 
### 
The Tliiele Cup tennis tournament
was completed in record time by Sai
urday afternoon with E. R. Canter
bury, '12, of Redlands, in possession
of the coveted silver trophy. The
second prize, a pair of tennis shoes
goes to W. H. Newman, '12, of San
Diego, the adversary whom Canter
bury beat in three sets out of four,
while the third and fourth prizes, a
racquet case and three tennis balls,
were awarded to Instructor E. Jordan
and H. Wright, '12, respectively. The
second and third and fourth prizes
were granted by the Tennis Club.
The score of the final match fol
lows: 2-6, 7-5, 8-6, 7-5. In the semi
finals Newman beat Jordan 6-4, 6-3,
while Canterbury beat Wright 6-3,
6-4.
This year's tennis tournament has
been the most successful yet held.
The fifty cents entry fee paid for all
the prizes and provided for new balls
for every other match. The entry list
was the largest in stveral years and
the matches were played off in rec
ord-breaking time. The Tennis Club
was able to bring thetournament to
such a successful close largely
through its policy of. granting liber
al handicaps to the weaker players.
The Tliiele Cup tennis tournament
was completed in record time by Sai
urday afternoon with E. R. Canter
bury, '12, of Redlands, in possession
of the coveted silver trophy. The
second prize, a pair of tennis shoes
goes to W. H. Newman, '12, of San
Diego, the adversary whom Canter
bury beat in three sets out of four,
while the third and fourth prizes, a
racquet case and three tennis balls,
were awarded to Instructor E. Jordan
and H. Wright, '12, respectively. The
second and third and fourth prizes
were granted by the Tennis Club.
The score of the final match fol
lows: 2-6, 7-5, 8-6, 7-5. In the semi
finals Newman beat Jordan 6-4, 6-3,
while Canterbury beat Wright 6-3,
6-4.
This year's tennis tournament has
been the most successful yet held.
The fifty cents entry fee paid for all
the prizes and provided for new balls
for every other match. The entry list
was the largest in stveral years and
the matches were played off in rec
ord-breaking time. The Tennis Club
was able to bring thetournament to
such a successful close largely
through its policy of. granting liber
al handicaps to the weaker players.
The Tliiele Cup tennis tournament
was completed in record time by Sai
urday afternoon with E. R. Canter
bury, '12, of Redlands, in possession
of the coveted silver trophy. The
second prize, a pair of tennis shoes
goes to W. H. Newman, '12, of San
Diego, the adversary whom Canter
bury beat in three sets out of four,
while the third and fourth prizes, a
racquet case and three tennis balls,
were awarded to Instructor E. Jordan
and H. Wright, '12, respectively. The
second and third and fourth prizes
were granted by the Tennis Club.
The score of the final match fol
lows: 2-6, 7-5, 8-6, 7-5. In the semi
finals Newman beat Jordan 6-4, 6-3,
while Canterbury beat Wright 6-3,
6-4.
This year's tennis tournament has
been the most successful yet held.
The fifty cents entry fee paid for all
the prizes and provided for new balls
for every other match. The entry list
was the largest in stveral years and
the matches were played off in rec
ord-breaking time. The Tennis Club
was able to bring thetournament to
such a successful close largely
through its policy of. granting liber
al handicaps to the weaker players.
The Tliiele Cup tennis tournament
was completed in record time by Sai
urday afternoon with E. R. Canter
bury, '12, of Redlands, in possession
of the coveted silver trophy. The
second prize, a pair of tennis shoes
goes to W. H. Newman, '12, of San
Diego, the adversary whom Canter
bury beat in three sets out of four,
while the third and fourth prizes, a
racquet case and three tennis balls,
were awarded to Instructor E. Jordan
and H. Wright, '12, respectively. The
second and third and fourth prizes
were granted by the Tennis Club.
The score of the final match fol
lows: 2-6, 7-5, 8-6, 7-5. In the semi
finals Newman beat Jordan 6-4, 6-3,
while Canterbury beat Wright 6-3,
6-4.
This year's tennis tournament has
been the most successful yet held.
The fifty cents entry fee paid for all
the prizes and provided for new balls
for every other match. The entry list
was the largest in stveral years and
the matches were played off in rec
ord-breaking time. The Tennis Club
was able to bring thetournament to
such a successful close largely
through its policy of. granting liber
al handicaps to the weaker players.
The Tliiele Cup tennis tournament
was completed in record time by Sai
urday afternoon with E. R. Canter
bury, '12, of Redlands, in possession
of the coveted silver trophy. The
second prize, a pair of tennis shoes
goes to W. H. Newman, '12, of San
Diego, the adversary whom Canter
bury beat in three sets out of four,
while the third and fourth prizes, a
racquet case and three tennis balls,
were awarded to Instructor E. Jordan
and H. Wright, '12, respectively. The
second and third and fourth prizes
were granted by the Tennis Club.
The score of the final match fol
lows: 2-6, 7-5, 8-6, 7-5. In the semi
finals Newman beat Jordan 6-4, 6-3,
while Canterbury beat Wright 6-3,
6-4.
This year's tennis tournament has
been the most successful yet held.
The fifty cents entry fee paid for all
the prizes and provided for new balls
for every other match. The entry list
was the largest in stveral years and
the matches were played off in rec
ord-breaking time. The Tennis Club
was able to bring thetournament to
such a successful close largely
through its policy of. granting liber
al handicaps to the weaker players.
The Tliiele Cup tennis tournament
was completed in record time by Sai
urday afternoon with E. R. Canter
bury, '12, of Redlands, in possession
of the coveted silver trophy. The
second prize, a pair of tennis shoes
goes to W. H. Newman, '12, of San
Diego, the adversary whom Canter
bury beat in three sets out of four,
while the third and fourth prizes, a
racquet case and three tennis balls,
were awarded to Instructor E. Jordan
and H. Wright, '12, respectively. The
second and third and fourth prizes
were granted by the Tennis Club.
The score of the final match fol
lows: 2-6, 7-5, 8-6, 7-5. In the semi
finals Newman beat Jordan 6-4, 6-3,
while Canterbury beat Wright 6-3,
6-4.
This year's tennis tournament has
been the most successful yet held.
The fifty cents entry fee paid for all
the prizes and provided for new balls
for every other match. The entry list
was the largest in stveral years and
the matches were played off in rec
ord-breaking time. The Tennis Club
was able to bring thetournament to
such a successful close largely
through its policy of. granting liber
al handicaps to the weaker players.
The Tliiele Cup tennis tournament
was completed in record time by Sai
urday afternoon with E. R. Canter
bury, '12, of Redlands, in possession
of the coveted silver trophy. The
second prize, a pair of tennis shoes
goes to W. H. Newman, '12, of San
Diego, the adversary whom Canter
bury beat in three sets out of four,
while the third and fourth prizes, a
racquet case and three tennis balls,
were awarded to Instructor E. Jordan
and H. Wright, '12, respectively. The
second and third and fourth prizes
were granted by the Tennis Club.
The score of the final match fol
lows: 2-6, 7-5, 8-6, 7-5. In the semi
finals Newman beat Jordan 6-4, 6-3,
while Canterbury beat Wright 6-3,
6-4.
This year's tennis tournament has
been the most successful yet held.
The fifty cents entry fee paid for all
the prizes and provided for new balls
for every other match. The entry list
was the largest in stveral years and
the matches were played off in rec
ord-breaking time. The Tennis Club
was able to bring thetournament to
such a successful close largely
through its policy of. granting liber
al handicaps to the weaker players.
The Tliiele Cup tennis tournament
was completed in record time by Sai
urday afternoon with E. R. Canter
bury, '12, of Redlands, in possession
of the coveted silver trophy. The
second prize, a pair of tennis shoes
goes to W. H. Newman, '12, of San
Diego, the adversary whom Canter
bury beat in three sets out of four,
while the third and fourth prizes, a
racquet case and three tennis balls,
were awarded to Instructor E. Jordan
and H. Wright, '12, respectively. The
second and third and fourth prizes
were granted by the Tennis Club.
The score of the final match fol
lows: 2-6, 7-5, 8-6, 7-5. In the semi
finals Newman beat Jordan 6-4, 6-3,
while Canterbury beat Wright 6-3,
6-4.
This year's tennis tournament has
been the most successful yet held.
The fifty cents entry fee paid for all
the prizes and provided for new balls
for every other match. The entry list
was the largest in stveral years and
the matches were played off in rec
ord-breaking time. The Tennis Club
was able to bring thetournament to
such a successful close largely
through its policy of. granting liber
al handicaps to the weaker players.
The Tliiele Cup tennis tournament
was completed in record time by Sai
urday afternoon with E. R. Canter
bury, '12, of Redlands, in possession
of the coveted silver trophy. The
second prize, a pair of tennis shoes
goes to W. H. Newman, '12, of San
Diego, the adversary whom Canter
bury beat in three sets out of four,
while the third and fourth prizes, a
racquet case and three tennis balls,
were awarded to Instructor E. Jordan
and H. Wright, '12, respectively. The
second and third and fourth prizes
were granted by the Tennis Club.
The score of the final match fol
lows: 2-6, 7-5, 8-6, 7-5. In the semi
finals Newman beat Jordan 6-4, 6-3,
while Canterbury beat Wright 6-3,
6-4.
This year's tennis tournament has
been the most successful yet held.
The fifty cents entry fee paid for all
the prizes and provided for new balls
for every other match. The entry list
was the largest in stveral years and
the matches were played off in rec
ord-breaking time. The Tennis Club
was able to bring thetournament to
such a successful close largely
through its policy of. granting liber
al handicaps to the weaker players.
The Tliiele Cup tennis tournament
was completed in record time by Sai
urday afternoon with E. R. Canter
bury, '12, of Redlands, in possession
of the coveted silver trophy. The
second prize, a pair of tennis shoes
goes to W. H. Newman, '12, of San
Diego, the adversary whom Canter
bury beat in three sets out of four,
while the third and fourth prizes, a
racquet case and three tennis balls,
were awarded to Instructor E. Jordan
and H. Wright, '12, respectively. The
second and third and fourth prizes
were granted by the Tennis Club.
The score of the final match fol
lows: 2-6, 7-5, 8-6, 7-5. In the semi
finals Newman beat Jordan 6-4, 6-3,
while Canterbury beat Wright 6-3,
6-4.
This year's tennis tournament has
been the most successful yet held.
The fifty cents entry fee paid for all
the prizes and provided for new balls
for every other match. The entry list
was the largest in stveral years and
the matches were played off in rec
ord-breaking time. The Tennis Club
was able to bring thetournament to
such a successful close largely
through its policy of. granting liber
al handicaps to the weaker players.
