# Dr. Gardner Will Preach In Founders' Day Services
## 
### 
Founders' Day Service in the Me
morial Church at 11 o'clock Sunday
will have Dr. D. Charles Gardner as
preacher. This will be the first time
for three weeks that Dr. Gardner has
spoken at the Sunday service.
Ruth Klette will sing the solo part
in the anthem, "O for a Closer Walk
with God," by Foster. The other an
them will be, "I Will Lift Up Mine
Eyes." by Rogers.
Founders' Day Service in the Me
morial Church at 11 o'clock Sunday
will have Dr. D. Charles Gardner as
preacher. This will be the first time
for three weeks that Dr. Gardner has
spoken at the Sunday service.
Ruth Klette will sing the solo part
in the anthem, "O for a Closer Walk
with God," by Foster. The other an
them will be, "I Will Lift Up Mine
Eyes." by Rogers.
Founders' Day Service in the Me
morial Church at 11 o'clock Sunday
will have Dr. D. Charles Gardner as
preacher. This will be the first time
for three weeks that Dr. Gardner has
spoken at the Sunday service.
Ruth Klette will sing the solo part
in the anthem, "O for a Closer Walk
with God," by Foster. The other an
them will be, "I Will Lift Up Mine
Eyes." by Rogers.
Founders' Day Service in the Me
morial Church at 11 o'clock Sunday
will have Dr. D. Charles Gardner as
preacher. This will be the first time
for three weeks that Dr. Gardner has
spoken at the Sunday service.
Ruth Klette will sing the solo part
in the anthem, "O for a Closer Walk
with God," by Foster. The other an
them will be, "I Will Lift Up Mine
Eyes." by Rogers.
Founders' Day Service in the Me
morial Church at 11 o'clock Sunday
will have Dr. D. Charles Gardner as
preacher. This will be the first time
for three weeks that Dr. Gardner has
spoken at the Sunday service.
Ruth Klette will sing the solo part
in the anthem, "O for a Closer Walk
with God," by Foster. The other an
them will be, "I Will Lift Up Mine
Eyes." by Rogers.
Founders' Day Service in the Me
morial Church at 11 o'clock Sunday
will have Dr. D. Charles Gardner as
preacher. This will be the first time
for three weeks that Dr. Gardner has
spoken at the Sunday service.
Ruth Klette will sing the solo part
in the anthem, "O for a Closer Walk
with God," by Foster. The other an
them will be, "I Will Lift Up Mine
Eyes." by Rogers.
Founders' Day Service in the Me
morial Church at 11 o'clock Sunday
will have Dr. D. Charles Gardner as
preacher. This will be the first time
for three weeks that Dr. Gardner has
spoken at the Sunday service.
Ruth Klette will sing the solo part
in the anthem, "O for a Closer Walk
with God," by Foster. The other an
them will be, "I Will Lift Up Mine
Eyes." by Rogers.
Founders' Day Service in the Me
morial Church at 11 o'clock Sunday
will have Dr. D. Charles Gardner as
preacher. This will be the first time
for three weeks that Dr. Gardner has
spoken at the Sunday service.
Ruth Klette will sing the solo part
in the anthem, "O for a Closer Walk
with God," by Foster. The other an
them will be, "I Will Lift Up Mine
Eyes." by Rogers.
Founders' Day Service in the Me
morial Church at 11 o'clock Sunday
will have Dr. D. Charles Gardner as
preacher. This will be the first time
for three weeks that Dr. Gardner has
spoken at the Sunday service.
Ruth Klette will sing the solo part
in the anthem, "O for a Closer Walk
with God," by Foster. The other an
them will be, "I Will Lift Up Mine
Eyes." by Rogers.
Founders' Day Service in the Me
morial Church at 11 o'clock Sunday
will have Dr. D. Charles Gardner as
preacher. This will be the first time
for three weeks that Dr. Gardner has
spoken at the Sunday service.
Ruth Klette will sing the solo part
in the anthem, "O for a Closer Walk
with God," by Foster. The other an
them will be, "I Will Lift Up Mine
Eyes." by Rogers.
Founders' Day Service in the Me
morial Church at 11 o'clock Sunday
will have Dr. D. Charles Gardner as
preacher. This will be the first time
for three weeks that Dr. Gardner has
spoken at the Sunday service.
Ruth Klette will sing the solo part
in the anthem, "O for a Closer Walk
with God," by Foster. The other an
them will be, "I Will Lift Up Mine
Eyes." by Rogers.
Founders' Day Service in the Me
morial Church at 11 o'clock Sunday
will have Dr. D. Charles Gardner as
preacher. This will be the first time
for three weeks that Dr. Gardner has
spoken at the Sunday service.
Ruth Klette will sing the solo part
in the anthem, "O for a Closer Walk
with God," by Foster. The other an
them will be, "I Will Lift Up Mine
Eyes." by Rogers.
Founders' Day Service in the Me
morial Church at 11 o'clock Sunday
will have Dr. D. Charles Gardner as
preacher. This will be the first time
for three weeks that Dr. Gardner has
spoken at the Sunday service.
Ruth Klette will sing the solo part
in the anthem, "O for a Closer Walk
with God," by Foster. The other an
them will be, "I Will Lift Up Mine
Eyes." by Rogers.
Founders' Day Service in the Me
morial Church at 11 o'clock Sunday
will have Dr. D. Charles Gardner as
preacher. This will be the first time
for three weeks that Dr. Gardner has
spoken at the Sunday service.
Ruth Klette will sing the solo part
in the anthem, "O for a Closer Walk
with God," by Foster. The other an
them will be, "I Will Lift Up Mine
Eyes." by Rogers.
Founders' Day Service in the Me
morial Church at 11 o'clock Sunday
will have Dr. D. Charles Gardner as
preacher. This will be the first time
for three weeks that Dr. Gardner has
spoken at the Sunday service.
Ruth Klette will sing the solo part
in the anthem, "O for a Closer Walk
with God," by Foster. The other an
them will be, "I Will Lift Up Mine
Eyes." by Rogers.
