# QUAD PICTURES
## 
### 
Quad pictures of the senior
vice-president, secretary, and
treasurer for both terms, perma
nent class officers, and members
of tlie Senior Week committee
will be taken at 1 o'clock sharp
today in the Union court. Men
are askod to wear coat and neck
ties.
Quad pictures of the senior
vice-president, secretary, and
treasurer for both terms, perma
nent class officers, and members
of tlie Senior Week committee
will be taken at 1 o'clock sharp
today in the Union court. Men
are askod to wear coat and neck
ties.
Quad pictures of the senior
vice-president, secretary, and
treasurer for both terms, perma
nent class officers, and members
of tlie Senior Week committee
will be taken at 1 o'clock sharp
today in the Union court. Men
are askod to wear coat and neck
ties.
Quad pictures of the senior
vice-president, secretary, and
treasurer for both terms, perma
nent class officers, and members
of tlie Senior Week committee
will be taken at 1 o'clock sharp
today in the Union court. Men
are askod to wear coat and neck
ties.
Quad pictures of the senior
vice-president, secretary, and
treasurer for both terms, perma
nent class officers, and members
of tlie Senior Week committee
will be taken at 1 o'clock sharp
today in the Union court. Men
are askod to wear coat and neck
ties.
Quad pictures of the senior
vice-president, secretary, and
treasurer for both terms, perma
nent class officers, and members
of tlie Senior Week committee
will be taken at 1 o'clock sharp
today in the Union court. Men
are askod to wear coat and neck
ties.
Quad pictures of the senior
vice-president, secretary, and
treasurer for both terms, perma
nent class officers, and members
of tlie Senior Week committee
will be taken at 1 o'clock sharp
today in the Union court. Men
are askod to wear coat and neck
ties.
Quad pictures of the senior
vice-president, secretary, and
treasurer for both terms, perma
nent class officers, and members
of tlie Senior Week committee
will be taken at 1 o'clock sharp
today in the Union court. Men
are askod to wear coat and neck
ties.
Quad pictures of the senior
vice-president, secretary, and
treasurer for both terms, perma
nent class officers, and members
of tlie Senior Week committee
will be taken at 1 o'clock sharp
today in the Union court. Men
are askod to wear coat and neck
ties.
Quad pictures of the senior
vice-president, secretary, and
treasurer for both terms, perma
nent class officers, and members
of tlie Senior Week committee
will be taken at 1 o'clock sharp
today in the Union court. Men
are askod to wear coat and neck
ties.
Quad pictures of the senior
vice-president, secretary, and
treasurer for both terms, perma
nent class officers, and members
of tlie Senior Week committee
will be taken at 1 o'clock sharp
today in the Union court. Men
are askod to wear coat and neck
ties.
Quad pictures of the senior
vice-president, secretary, and
treasurer for both terms, perma
nent class officers, and members
of tlie Senior Week committee
will be taken at 1 o'clock sharp
today in the Union court. Men
are askod to wear coat and neck
ties.
Quad pictures of the senior
vice-president, secretary, and
treasurer for both terms, perma
nent class officers, and members
of tlie Senior Week committee
will be taken at 1 o'clock sharp
today in the Union court. Men
are askod to wear coat and neck
ties.
Quad pictures of the senior
vice-president, secretary, and
treasurer for both terms, perma
nent class officers, and members
of tlie Senior Week committee
will be taken at 1 o'clock sharp
today in the Union court. Men
are askod to wear coat and neck
ties.
Quad pictures of the senior
vice-president, secretary, and
treasurer for both terms, perma
nent class officers, and members
of tlie Senior Week committee
will be taken at 1 o'clock sharp
today in the Union court. Men
are askod to wear coat and neck
ties.
