# SCIENTISTS ESTABLISH FRANKLIN FELLOWSHIP FOR CHEMISTRY WORK
## 
### 
As a tribute to Dr. Edward Curtis
Franklin, a chemist of international
reputation, who was 65 years old
Tuesday, and who will consequently
retire from the Stanford faculty in
June, his scientific friends and asso
ciates in all parts of the country are
establishing a fellowship at Stanford
to be known as the Edward Curtis
Franklin fellowship jn Chemistry.
Dr. Ira Remson, the famous chemist
and former president of Johns Hop
kins University, is honorary chairman
of the national committee in charge
of raising the fund, and Dr. Vernon
Kellog, of the National Research Coun
cil at Washington, is chairman. Dr.
Jordan, President Wilbur, Dr. Robert
E. Swain, and Herbert Hoover are in
cluded on the committee.
Dr. Franklin has the distinction of
being one of the few Americans to
open up a fundamental field of re
search in chemistry. He is especially
known for his researches in liquid
ammonia and the compounds of the
ammonia system. His discoveries in
this field established him as an au
thority of international recognition.
He has been a member of the Stan
ford faculty since 1903. A graduate
from the University of Kansas, Dr.
Franklin received advanced degrees
there and at Johns Hopkins, where he
was a student under Remsen. He has
studied in Berlin and has received
honorary degrees from Northwestern
and Western Reserve Universities. He
has held active and honorary offices
in numerous scientific societies and
has served the government as a
chemist.
