# JUNIOR OPERA SONGS DESIRED BY DIRECTOR
## 
### 
More songs of all sorts for the t
Junior Opera are still needed, is the
announcement of Gordon Hall, musical
director of the show. Those to which
comedy lines can be put are particu
larly desired as the book of the opera
offers many opportunities for songs of
this type.
The musical plot of the opera, con
taining a description of all the num- <
hers, is expected to be ready to mail
to com nosers by the end <rf the week.
More songs of all sorts for the t
Junior Opera are still needed, is the
announcement of Gordon Hall, musical
director of the show. Those to which
comedy lines can be put are particu
larly desired as the book of the opera
offers many opportunities for songs of
this type.
The musical plot of the opera, con
taining a description of all the num- <
hers, is expected to be ready to mail
to com nosers by the end <rf the week.
More songs of all sorts for the t
Junior Opera are still needed, is the
announcement of Gordon Hall, musical
director of the show. Those to which
comedy lines can be put are particu
larly desired as the book of the opera
offers many opportunities for songs of
this type.
The musical plot of the opera, con
taining a description of all the num- <
hers, is expected to be ready to mail
to com nosers by the end <rf the week.
More songs of all sorts for the t
Junior Opera are still needed, is the
announcement of Gordon Hall, musical
director of the show. Those to which
comedy lines can be put are particu
larly desired as the book of the opera
offers many opportunities for songs of
this type.
The musical plot of the opera, con
taining a description of all the num- <
hers, is expected to be ready to mail
to com nosers by the end <rf the week.
More songs of all sorts for the t
Junior Opera are still needed, is the
announcement of Gordon Hall, musical
director of the show. Those to which
comedy lines can be put are particu
larly desired as the book of the opera
offers many opportunities for songs of
this type.
The musical plot of the opera, con
taining a description of all the num- <
hers, is expected to be ready to mail
to com nosers by the end <rf the week.
More songs of all sorts for the t
Junior Opera are still needed, is the
announcement of Gordon Hall, musical
director of the show. Those to which
comedy lines can be put are particu
larly desired as the book of the opera
offers many opportunities for songs of
this type.
The musical plot of the opera, con
taining a description of all the num- <
hers, is expected to be ready to mail
to com nosers by the end <rf the week.
More songs of all sorts for the t
Junior Opera are still needed, is the
announcement of Gordon Hall, musical
director of the show. Those to which
comedy lines can be put are particu
larly desired as the book of the opera
offers many opportunities for songs of
this type.
The musical plot of the opera, con
taining a description of all the num- <
hers, is expected to be ready to mail
to com nosers by the end <rf the week.
More songs of all sorts for the t
Junior Opera are still needed, is the
announcement of Gordon Hall, musical
director of the show. Those to which
comedy lines can be put are particu
larly desired as the book of the opera
offers many opportunities for songs of
this type.
The musical plot of the opera, con
taining a description of all the num- <
hers, is expected to be ready to mail
to com nosers by the end <rf the week.
More songs of all sorts for the t
Junior Opera are still needed, is the
announcement of Gordon Hall, musical
director of the show. Those to which
comedy lines can be put are particu
larly desired as the book of the opera
offers many opportunities for songs of
this type.
The musical plot of the opera, con
taining a description of all the num- <
hers, is expected to be ready to mail
to com nosers by the end <rf the week.
More songs of all sorts for the t
Junior Opera are still needed, is the
announcement of Gordon Hall, musical
director of the show. Those to which
comedy lines can be put are particu
larly desired as the book of the opera
offers many opportunities for songs of
this type.
The musical plot of the opera, con
taining a description of all the num- <
hers, is expected to be ready to mail
to com nosers by the end <rf the week.
More songs of all sorts for the t
Junior Opera are still needed, is the
announcement of Gordon Hall, musical
director of the show. Those to which
comedy lines can be put are particu
larly desired as the book of the opera
offers many opportunities for songs of
this type.
The musical plot of the opera, con
taining a description of all the num- <
hers, is expected to be ready to mail
to com nosers by the end <rf the week.
More songs of all sorts for the t
Junior Opera are still needed, is the
announcement of Gordon Hall, musical
director of the show. Those to which
comedy lines can be put are particu
larly desired as the book of the opera
offers many opportunities for songs of
this type.
The musical plot of the opera, con
taining a description of all the num- <
hers, is expected to be ready to mail
to com nosers by the end <rf the week.
More songs of all sorts for the t
Junior Opera are still needed, is the
announcement of Gordon Hall, musical
director of the show. Those to which
comedy lines can be put are particu
larly desired as the book of the opera
offers many opportunities for songs of
this type.
The musical plot of the opera, con
taining a description of all the num- <
hers, is expected to be ready to mail
to com nosers by the end <rf the week.
More songs of all sorts for the t
Junior Opera are still needed, is the
announcement of Gordon Hall, musical
director of the show. Those to which
comedy lines can be put are particu
larly desired as the book of the opera
offers many opportunities for songs of
this type.
The musical plot of the opera, con
taining a description of all the num- <
hers, is expected to be ready to mail
to com nosers by the end <rf the week.
More songs of all sorts for the t
Junior Opera are still needed, is the
announcement of Gordon Hall, musical
director of the show. Those to which
comedy lines can be put are particu
larly desired as the book of the opera
offers many opportunities for songs of
this type.
The musical plot of the opera, con
taining a description of all the num- <
hers, is expected to be ready to mail
to com nosers by the end <rf the week.
