# Stanford Players Read Prize Play
## 
### 
"Surrey," the blank verse play which
won the Maxwell Anderson prize this
year for dramatic composition in verse,
was presented as a group reading by
the Stanford course in Stage Classics
Production last night in the Assembly
Hall. The cast included a number of
student actors who took part last week
in the production of "Antony and
Cleopatra."
"Surrey" was written by Florette
Henri of Mount Airy, Croton-on-
Hudson, New York. In its three acts
the author has traced the career of
Henry Howard, sonnetter and Earl of
Surrey, a favorite under Henry VIII.
According to the author's interpreta
tion of history, Surrey rose to fame
by his honesty and lost his head
through his proud incorruptibility.
Following the play, court dances of
the Tudor period, under the direction
of Ruth Radir, and a reading of Edwin
Arlington Robinson's "Ben Jonson
Meets a Man from Stratford," by Dr.
Margery Bailey were also presented.
"Surrey," the blank verse play which
won the Maxwell Anderson prize this
year for dramatic composition in verse,
was presented as a group reading by
the Stanford course in Stage Classics
Production last night in the Assembly
Hall. The cast included a number of
student actors who took part last week
in the production of "Antony and
Cleopatra."
"Surrey" was written by Florette
Henri of Mount Airy, Croton-on-
Hudson, New York. In its three acts
the author has traced the career of
Henry Howard, sonnetter and Earl of
Surrey, a favorite under Henry VIII.
According to the author's interpreta
tion of history, Surrey rose to fame
by his honesty and lost his head
through his proud incorruptibility.
Following the play, court dances of
the Tudor period, under the direction
of Ruth Radir, and a reading of Edwin
Arlington Robinson's "Ben Jonson
Meets a Man from Stratford," by Dr.
Margery Bailey were also presented.
"Surrey," the blank verse play which
won the Maxwell Anderson prize this
year for dramatic composition in verse,
was presented as a group reading by
the Stanford course in Stage Classics
Production last night in the Assembly
Hall. The cast included a number of
student actors who took part last week
in the production of "Antony and
Cleopatra."
"Surrey" was written by Florette
Henri of Mount Airy, Croton-on-
Hudson, New York. In its three acts
the author has traced the career of
Henry Howard, sonnetter and Earl of
Surrey, a favorite under Henry VIII.
According to the author's interpreta
tion of history, Surrey rose to fame
by his honesty and lost his head
through his proud incorruptibility.
Following the play, court dances of
the Tudor period, under the direction
of Ruth Radir, and a reading of Edwin
Arlington Robinson's "Ben Jonson
Meets a Man from Stratford," by Dr.
Margery Bailey were also presented.
"Surrey," the blank verse play which
won the Maxwell Anderson prize this
year for dramatic composition in verse,
was presented as a group reading by
the Stanford course in Stage Classics
Production last night in the Assembly
Hall. The cast included a number of
student actors who took part last week
in the production of "Antony and
Cleopatra."
"Surrey" was written by Florette
Henri of Mount Airy, Croton-on-
Hudson, New York. In its three acts
the author has traced the career of
Henry Howard, sonnetter and Earl of
Surrey, a favorite under Henry VIII.
According to the author's interpreta
tion of history, Surrey rose to fame
by his honesty and lost his head
through his proud incorruptibility.
Following the play, court dances of
the Tudor period, under the direction
of Ruth Radir, and a reading of Edwin
Arlington Robinson's "Ben Jonson
Meets a Man from Stratford," by Dr.
Margery Bailey were also presented.
"Surrey," the blank verse play which
won the Maxwell Anderson prize this
year for dramatic composition in verse,
was presented as a group reading by
the Stanford course in Stage Classics
Production last night in the Assembly
Hall. The cast included a number of
student actors who took part last week
in the production of "Antony and
Cleopatra."
"Surrey" was written by Florette
Henri of Mount Airy, Croton-on-
Hudson, New York. In its three acts
the author has traced the career of
Henry Howard, sonnetter and Earl of
Surrey, a favorite under Henry VIII.
According to the author's interpreta
tion of history, Surrey rose to fame
by his honesty and lost his head
through his proud incorruptibility.
Following the play, court dances of
the Tudor period, under the direction
of Ruth Radir, and a reading of Edwin
Arlington Robinson's "Ben Jonson
Meets a Man from Stratford," by Dr.
Margery Bailey were also presented.
"Surrey," the blank verse play which
won the Maxwell Anderson prize this
year for dramatic composition in verse,
was presented as a group reading by
the Stanford course in Stage Classics
Production last night in the Assembly
Hall. The cast included a number of
student actors who took part last week
in the production of "Antony and
Cleopatra."
"Surrey" was written by Florette
Henri of Mount Airy, Croton-on-
Hudson, New York. In its three acts
the author has traced the career of
Henry Howard, sonnetter and Earl of
Surrey, a favorite under Henry VIII.
According to the author's interpreta
tion of history, Surrey rose to fame
by his honesty and lost his head
through his proud incorruptibility.
Following the play, court dances of
the Tudor period, under the direction
of Ruth Radir, and a reading of Edwin
Arlington Robinson's "Ben Jonson
Meets a Man from Stratford," by Dr.
Margery Bailey were also presented.
"Surrey," the blank verse play which
won the Maxwell Anderson prize this
year for dramatic composition in verse,
was presented as a group reading by
the Stanford course in Stage Classics
Production last night in the Assembly
Hall. The cast included a number of
student actors who took part last week
in the production of "Antony and
Cleopatra."
"Surrey" was written by Florette
Henri of Mount Airy, Croton-on-
Hudson, New York. In its three acts
the author has traced the career of
Henry Howard, sonnetter and Earl of
Surrey, a favorite under Henry VIII.
According to the author's interpreta
tion of history, Surrey rose to fame
by his honesty and lost his head
through his proud incorruptibility.
Following the play, court dances of
the Tudor period, under the direction
of Ruth Radir, and a reading of Edwin
Arlington Robinson's "Ben Jonson
Meets a Man from Stratford," by Dr.
Margery Bailey were also presented.
"Surrey," the blank verse play which
won the Maxwell Anderson prize this
year for dramatic composition in verse,
was presented as a group reading by
the Stanford course in Stage Classics
Production last night in the Assembly
Hall. The cast included a number of
student actors who took part last week
in the production of "Antony and
Cleopatra."
"Surrey" was written by Florette
Henri of Mount Airy, Croton-on-
Hudson, New York. In its three acts
the author has traced the career of
Henry Howard, sonnetter and Earl of
Surrey, a favorite under Henry VIII.
According to the author's interpreta
tion of history, Surrey rose to fame
by his honesty and lost his head
through his proud incorruptibility.
Following the play, court dances of
the Tudor period, under the direction
of Ruth Radir, and a reading of Edwin
Arlington Robinson's "Ben Jonson
Meets a Man from Stratford," by Dr.
Margery Bailey were also presented.
"Surrey," the blank verse play which
won the Maxwell Anderson prize this
year for dramatic composition in verse,
was presented as a group reading by
the Stanford course in Stage Classics
Production last night in the Assembly
Hall. The cast included a number of
student actors who took part last week
in the production of "Antony and
Cleopatra."
"Surrey" was written by Florette
Henri of Mount Airy, Croton-on-
Hudson, New York. In its three acts
the author has traced the career of
Henry Howard, sonnetter and Earl of
Surrey, a favorite under Henry VIII.
According to the author's interpreta
tion of history, Surrey rose to fame
by his honesty and lost his head
through his proud incorruptibility.
Following the play, court dances of
the Tudor period, under the direction
of Ruth Radir, and a reading of Edwin
Arlington Robinson's "Ben Jonson
Meets a Man from Stratford," by Dr.
Margery Bailey were also presented.
"Surrey," the blank verse play which
won the Maxwell Anderson prize this
year for dramatic composition in verse,
was presented as a group reading by
the Stanford course in Stage Classics
Production last night in the Assembly
Hall. The cast included a number of
student actors who took part last week
in the production of "Antony and
Cleopatra."
"Surrey" was written by Florette
Henri of Mount Airy, Croton-on-
Hudson, New York. In its three acts
the author has traced the career of
Henry Howard, sonnetter and Earl of
Surrey, a favorite under Henry VIII.
According to the author's interpreta
tion of history, Surrey rose to fame
by his honesty and lost his head
through his proud incorruptibility.
Following the play, court dances of
the Tudor period, under the direction
of Ruth Radir, and a reading of Edwin
Arlington Robinson's "Ben Jonson
Meets a Man from Stratford," by Dr.
Margery Bailey were also presented.
"Surrey," the blank verse play which
won the Maxwell Anderson prize this
year for dramatic composition in verse,
was presented as a group reading by
the Stanford course in Stage Classics
Production last night in the Assembly
Hall. The cast included a number of
student actors who took part last week
in the production of "Antony and
Cleopatra."
"Surrey" was written by Florette
Henri of Mount Airy, Croton-on-
Hudson, New York. In its three acts
the author has traced the career of
Henry Howard, sonnetter and Earl of
Surrey, a favorite under Henry VIII.
According to the author's interpreta
tion of history, Surrey rose to fame
by his honesty and lost his head
through his proud incorruptibility.
Following the play, court dances of
the Tudor period, under the direction
of Ruth Radir, and a reading of Edwin
Arlington Robinson's "Ben Jonson
Meets a Man from Stratford," by Dr.
Margery Bailey were also presented.
"Surrey," the blank verse play which
won the Maxwell Anderson prize this
year for dramatic composition in verse,
was presented as a group reading by
the Stanford course in Stage Classics
Production last night in the Assembly
Hall. The cast included a number of
student actors who took part last week
in the production of "Antony and
Cleopatra."
"Surrey" was written by Florette
Henri of Mount Airy, Croton-on-
Hudson, New York. In its three acts
the author has traced the career of
Henry Howard, sonnetter and Earl of
Surrey, a favorite under Henry VIII.
According to the author's interpreta
tion of history, Surrey rose to fame
by his honesty and lost his head
through his proud incorruptibility.
Following the play, court dances of
the Tudor period, under the direction
of Ruth Radir, and a reading of Edwin
Arlington Robinson's "Ben Jonson
Meets a Man from Stratford," by Dr.
Margery Bailey were also presented.
"Surrey," the blank verse play which
won the Maxwell Anderson prize this
year for dramatic composition in verse,
was presented as a group reading by
the Stanford course in Stage Classics
Production last night in the Assembly
Hall. The cast included a number of
student actors who took part last week
in the production of "Antony and
Cleopatra."
"Surrey" was written by Florette
Henri of Mount Airy, Croton-on-
Hudson, New York. In its three acts
the author has traced the career of
Henry Howard, sonnetter and Earl of
Surrey, a favorite under Henry VIII.
According to the author's interpreta
tion of history, Surrey rose to fame
by his honesty and lost his head
through his proud incorruptibility.
Following the play, court dances of
the Tudor period, under the direction
of Ruth Radir, and a reading of Edwin
Arlington Robinson's "Ben Jonson
Meets a Man from Stratford," by Dr.
Margery Bailey were also presented.
"Surrey," the blank verse play which
won the Maxwell Anderson prize this
year for dramatic composition in verse,
was presented as a group reading by
the Stanford course in Stage Classics
Production last night in the Assembly
Hall. The cast included a number of
student actors who took part last week
in the production of "Antony and
Cleopatra."
"Surrey" was written by Florette
Henri of Mount Airy, Croton-on-
Hudson, New York. In its three acts
the author has traced the career of
Henry Howard, sonnetter and Earl of
Surrey, a favorite under Henry VIII.
According to the author's interpreta
tion of history, Surrey rose to fame
by his honesty and lost his head
through his proud incorruptibility.
Following the play, court dances of
the Tudor period, under the direction
of Ruth Radir, and a reading of Edwin
Arlington Robinson's "Ben Jonson
Meets a Man from Stratford," by Dr.
Margery Bailey were also presented.
"Surrey," the blank verse play which
won the Maxwell Anderson prize this
year for dramatic composition in verse,
was presented as a group reading by
the Stanford course in Stage Classics
Production last night in the Assembly
Hall. The cast included a number of
student actors who took part last week
in the production of "Antony and
Cleopatra."
"Surrey" was written by Florette
Henri of Mount Airy, Croton-on-
Hudson, New York. In its three acts
the author has traced the career of
Henry Howard, sonnetter and Earl of
Surrey, a favorite under Henry VIII.
According to the author's interpreta
tion of history, Surrey rose to fame
by his honesty and lost his head
through his proud incorruptibility.
Following the play, court dances of
the Tudor period, under the direction
of Ruth Radir, and a reading of Edwin
Arlington Robinson's "Ben Jonson
Meets a Man from Stratford," by Dr.
Margery Bailey were also presented.
"Surrey," the blank verse play which
won the Maxwell Anderson prize this
year for dramatic composition in verse,
was presented as a group reading by
the Stanford course in Stage Classics
Production last night in the Assembly
Hall. The cast included a number of
student actors who took part last week
in the production of "Antony and
Cleopatra."
"Surrey" was written by Florette
Henri of Mount Airy, Croton-on-
Hudson, New York. In its three acts
the author has traced the career of
Henry Howard, sonnetter and Earl of
Surrey, a favorite under Henry VIII.
According to the author's interpreta
tion of history, Surrey rose to fame
by his honesty and lost his head
through his proud incorruptibility.
Following the play, court dances of
the Tudor period, under the direction
of Ruth Radir, and a reading of Edwin
Arlington Robinson's "Ben Jonson
Meets a Man from Stratford," by Dr.
Margery Bailey were also presented.
