# Descendent of Dan Boone at Hawaii U.
## 
### 
Miss Betty Boone, descendent of
famous Daniel, the "bar killer," and
Stanford junior is now attending the
University of Hawaii summer session.
In Hawaii she is accompanied by her
mother.
At Stanford she majors in psychol
ogy, but this summer she is taking a
course on the pre-school child. She
attended Castilleja School and is a
member of Gamma Phi Beta and Or
chesis, dancing society at Stanford.

them, it doesn t do any good because
they think I'm lying and want one any
way. Sometimes I tell them I haven't
got anything in the house because I'm
closing out tomorrow, but that just
makes them curious and they come
around the next day and bring their
friends. Business booms but I don't.
It's driving me nuts."
Miss Betty Boone, descendent of
famous Daniel, the "bar killer," and
Stanford junior is now attending the
University of Hawaii summer session.
In Hawaii she is accompanied by her
mother.
At Stanford she majors in psychol
ogy, but this summer she is taking a
course on the pre-school child. She
attended Castilleja School and is a
member of Gamma Phi Beta and Or
chesis, dancing society at Stanford.

them, it doesn t do any good because
they think I'm lying and want one any
way. Sometimes I tell them I haven't
got anything in the house because I'm
closing out tomorrow, but that just
makes them curious and they come
around the next day and bring their
friends. Business booms but I don't.
It's driving me nuts."
Miss Betty Boone, descendent of
famous Daniel, the "bar killer," and
Stanford junior is now attending the
University of Hawaii summer session.
In Hawaii she is accompanied by her
mother.
At Stanford she majors in psychol
ogy, but this summer she is taking a
course on the pre-school child. She
attended Castilleja School and is a
member of Gamma Phi Beta and Or
chesis, dancing society at Stanford.

them, it doesn t do any good because
they think I'm lying and want one any
way. Sometimes I tell them I haven't
got anything in the house because I'm
closing out tomorrow, but that just
makes them curious and they come
around the next day and bring their
friends. Business booms but I don't.
It's driving me nuts."
Miss Betty Boone, descendent of
famous Daniel, the "bar killer," and
Stanford junior is now attending the
University of Hawaii summer session.
In Hawaii she is accompanied by her
mother.
At Stanford she majors in psychol
ogy, but this summer she is taking a
course on the pre-school child. She
attended Castilleja School and is a
member of Gamma Phi Beta and Or
chesis, dancing society at Stanford.

them, it doesn t do any good because
they think I'm lying and want one any
way. Sometimes I tell them I haven't
got anything in the house because I'm
closing out tomorrow, but that just
makes them curious and they come
around the next day and bring their
friends. Business booms but I don't.
It's driving me nuts."
Miss Betty Boone, descendent of
famous Daniel, the "bar killer," and
Stanford junior is now attending the
University of Hawaii summer session.
In Hawaii she is accompanied by her
mother.
At Stanford she majors in psychol
ogy, but this summer she is taking a
course on the pre-school child. She
attended Castilleja School and is a
member of Gamma Phi Beta and Or
chesis, dancing society at Stanford.

them, it doesn t do any good because
they think I'm lying and want one any
way. Sometimes I tell them I haven't
got anything in the house because I'm
closing out tomorrow, but that just
makes them curious and they come
around the next day and bring their
friends. Business booms but I don't.
It's driving me nuts."
Miss Betty Boone, descendent of
famous Daniel, the "bar killer," and
Stanford junior is now attending the
University of Hawaii summer session.
In Hawaii she is accompanied by her
mother.
At Stanford she majors in psychol
ogy, but this summer she is taking a
course on the pre-school child. She
attended Castilleja School and is a
member of Gamma Phi Beta and Or
chesis, dancing society at Stanford.

them, it doesn t do any good because
they think I'm lying and want one any
way. Sometimes I tell them I haven't
got anything in the house because I'm
closing out tomorrow, but that just
makes them curious and they come
around the next day and bring their
friends. Business booms but I don't.
It's driving me nuts."
Miss Betty Boone, descendent of
famous Daniel, the "bar killer," and
Stanford junior is now attending the
University of Hawaii summer session.
In Hawaii she is accompanied by her
mother.
At Stanford she majors in psychol
ogy, but this summer she is taking a
course on the pre-school child. She
attended Castilleja School and is a
member of Gamma Phi Beta and Or
chesis, dancing society at Stanford.

them, it doesn t do any good because
they think I'm lying and want one any
way. Sometimes I tell them I haven't
got anything in the house because I'm
closing out tomorrow, but that just
makes them curious and they come
around the next day and bring their
friends. Business booms but I don't.
It's driving me nuts."
Miss Betty Boone, descendent of
famous Daniel, the "bar killer," and
Stanford junior is now attending the
University of Hawaii summer session.
In Hawaii she is accompanied by her
mother.
At Stanford she majors in psychol
ogy, but this summer she is taking a
course on the pre-school child. She
attended Castilleja School and is a
member of Gamma Phi Beta and Or
chesis, dancing society at Stanford.

them, it doesn t do any good because
they think I'm lying and want one any
way. Sometimes I tell them I haven't
got anything in the house because I'm
closing out tomorrow, but that just
makes them curious and they come
around the next day and bring their
friends. Business booms but I don't.
It's driving me nuts."
Miss Betty Boone, descendent of
famous Daniel, the "bar killer," and
Stanford junior is now attending the
University of Hawaii summer session.
In Hawaii she is accompanied by her
mother.
At Stanford she majors in psychol
ogy, but this summer she is taking a
course on the pre-school child. She
attended Castilleja School and is a
member of Gamma Phi Beta and Or
chesis, dancing society at Stanford.

them, it doesn t do any good because
they think I'm lying and want one any
way. Sometimes I tell them I haven't
got anything in the house because I'm
closing out tomorrow, but that just
makes them curious and they come
around the next day and bring their
friends. Business booms but I don't.
It's driving me nuts."
Miss Betty Boone, descendent of
famous Daniel, the "bar killer," and
Stanford junior is now attending the
University of Hawaii summer session.
In Hawaii she is accompanied by her
mother.
At Stanford she majors in psychol
ogy, but this summer she is taking a
course on the pre-school child. She
attended Castilleja School and is a
member of Gamma Phi Beta and Or
chesis, dancing society at Stanford.

them, it doesn t do any good because
they think I'm lying and want one any
way. Sometimes I tell them I haven't
got anything in the house because I'm
closing out tomorrow, but that just
makes them curious and they come
around the next day and bring their
friends. Business booms but I don't.
It's driving me nuts."
Miss Betty Boone, descendent of
famous Daniel, the "bar killer," and
Stanford junior is now attending the
University of Hawaii summer session.
In Hawaii she is accompanied by her
mother.
At Stanford she majors in psychol
ogy, but this summer she is taking a
course on the pre-school child. She
attended Castilleja School and is a
member of Gamma Phi Beta and Or
chesis, dancing society at Stanford.

them, it doesn t do any good because
they think I'm lying and want one any
way. Sometimes I tell them I haven't
got anything in the house because I'm
closing out tomorrow, but that just
makes them curious and they come
around the next day and bring their
friends. Business booms but I don't.
It's driving me nuts."
Miss Betty Boone, descendent of
famous Daniel, the "bar killer," and
Stanford junior is now attending the
University of Hawaii summer session.
In Hawaii she is accompanied by her
mother.
At Stanford she majors in psychol
ogy, but this summer she is taking a
course on the pre-school child. She
attended Castilleja School and is a
member of Gamma Phi Beta and Or
chesis, dancing society at Stanford.

them, it doesn t do any good because
they think I'm lying and want one any
way. Sometimes I tell them I haven't
got anything in the house because I'm
closing out tomorrow, but that just
makes them curious and they come
around the next day and bring their
friends. Business booms but I don't.
It's driving me nuts."
Miss Betty Boone, descendent of
famous Daniel, the "bar killer," and
Stanford junior is now attending the
University of Hawaii summer session.
In Hawaii she is accompanied by her
mother.
At Stanford she majors in psychol
ogy, but this summer she is taking a
course on the pre-school child. She
attended Castilleja School and is a
member of Gamma Phi Beta and Or
chesis, dancing society at Stanford.

them, it doesn t do any good because
they think I'm lying and want one any
way. Sometimes I tell them I haven't
got anything in the house because I'm
closing out tomorrow, but that just
makes them curious and they come
around the next day and bring their
friends. Business booms but I don't.
It's driving me nuts."
Miss Betty Boone, descendent of
famous Daniel, the "bar killer," and
Stanford junior is now attending the
University of Hawaii summer session.
In Hawaii she is accompanied by her
mother.
At Stanford she majors in psychol
ogy, but this summer she is taking a
course on the pre-school child. She
attended Castilleja School and is a
member of Gamma Phi Beta and Or
chesis, dancing society at Stanford.

them, it doesn t do any good because
they think I'm lying and want one any
way. Sometimes I tell them I haven't
got anything in the house because I'm
closing out tomorrow, but that just
makes them curious and they come
around the next day and bring their
friends. Business booms but I don't.
It's driving me nuts."
Miss Betty Boone, descendent of
famous Daniel, the "bar killer," and
Stanford junior is now attending the
University of Hawaii summer session.
In Hawaii she is accompanied by her
mother.
At Stanford she majors in psychol
ogy, but this summer she is taking a
course on the pre-school child. She
attended Castilleja School and is a
member of Gamma Phi Beta and Or
chesis, dancing society at Stanford.

them, it doesn t do any good because
they think I'm lying and want one any
way. Sometimes I tell them I haven't
got anything in the house because I'm
closing out tomorrow, but that just
makes them curious and they come
around the next day and bring their
friends. Business booms but I don't.
It's driving me nuts."
Miss Betty Boone, descendent of
famous Daniel, the "bar killer," and
Stanford junior is now attending the
University of Hawaii summer session.
In Hawaii she is accompanied by her
mother.
At Stanford she majors in psychol
ogy, but this summer she is taking a
course on the pre-school child. She
attended Castilleja School and is a
member of Gamma Phi Beta and Or
chesis, dancing society at Stanford.

them, it doesn t do any good because
they think I'm lying and want one any
way. Sometimes I tell them I haven't
got anything in the house because I'm
closing out tomorrow, but that just
makes them curious and they come
around the next day and bring their
friends. Business booms but I don't.
It's driving me nuts."
