# Untitled Article
## 
### 
HIDDEN HOUSE
Kingscote is a haven in the middle of
campus for students shunning the Draw
FEATURES/4

GAME OVER
Santa Clara again sends women's
soccer home from the Tournament.
SPORTS/7


HIDDEN HOUSE
Kingscote is a haven in the middle of
campus for students shunning the Draw
FEATURES/4

GAME OVER
Santa Clara again sends women's
soccer home from the Tournament.
SPORTS/7


HIDDEN HOUSE
Kingscote is a haven in the middle of
campus for students shunning the Draw
FEATURES/4

GAME OVER
Santa Clara again sends women's
soccer home from the Tournament.
SPORTS/7


HIDDEN HOUSE
Kingscote is a haven in the middle of
campus for students shunning the Draw
FEATURES/4

GAME OVER
Santa Clara again sends women's
soccer home from the Tournament.
SPORTS/7


HIDDEN HOUSE
Kingscote is a haven in the middle of
campus for students shunning the Draw
FEATURES/4

GAME OVER
Santa Clara again sends women's
soccer home from the Tournament.
SPORTS/7


HIDDEN HOUSE
Kingscote is a haven in the middle of
campus for students shunning the Draw
FEATURES/4

GAME OVER
Santa Clara again sends women's
soccer home from the Tournament.
SPORTS/7


HIDDEN HOUSE
Kingscote is a haven in the middle of
campus for students shunning the Draw
FEATURES/4

GAME OVER
Santa Clara again sends women's
soccer home from the Tournament.
SPORTS/7


HIDDEN HOUSE
Kingscote is a haven in the middle of
campus for students shunning the Draw
FEATURES/4

GAME OVER
Santa Clara again sends women's
soccer home from the Tournament.
SPORTS/7


