# Groan
## 
### 
Bodie liasniussen, a freshman
from Roble, staggers- under an
armload of books, but still man
ages to wear an "it's all part
of-t lie-game smile."


— Daily plmto by Curl Oliver
Bodie liasniussen, a freshman
from Roble, staggers- under an
armload of books, but still man
ages to wear an "it's all part
of-t lie-game smile."


— Daily plmto by Curl Oliver
Bodie liasniussen, a freshman
from Roble, staggers- under an
armload of books, but still man
ages to wear an "it's all part
of-t lie-game smile."


— Daily plmto by Curl Oliver
Bodie liasniussen, a freshman
from Roble, staggers- under an
armload of books, but still man
ages to wear an "it's all part
of-t lie-game smile."


— Daily plmto by Curl Oliver
Bodie liasniussen, a freshman
from Roble, staggers- under an
armload of books, but still man
ages to wear an "it's all part
of-t lie-game smile."


— Daily plmto by Curl Oliver
Bodie liasniussen, a freshman
from Roble, staggers- under an
armload of books, but still man
ages to wear an "it's all part
of-t lie-game smile."


— Daily plmto by Curl Oliver
Bodie liasniussen, a freshman
from Roble, staggers- under an
armload of books, but still man
ages to wear an "it's all part
of-t lie-game smile."


— Daily plmto by Curl Oliver
Bodie liasniussen, a freshman
from Roble, staggers- under an
armload of books, but still man
ages to wear an "it's all part
of-t lie-game smile."


— Daily plmto by Curl Oliver
Bodie liasniussen, a freshman
from Roble, staggers- under an
armload of books, but still man
ages to wear an "it's all part
of-t lie-game smile."


— Daily plmto by Curl Oliver
Bodie liasniussen, a freshman
from Roble, staggers- under an
armload of books, but still man
ages to wear an "it's all part
of-t lie-game smile."


— Daily plmto by Curl Oliver
Bodie liasniussen, a freshman
from Roble, staggers- under an
armload of books, but still man
ages to wear an "it's all part
of-t lie-game smile."


— Daily plmto by Curl Oliver
Bodie liasniussen, a freshman
from Roble, staggers- under an
armload of books, but still man
ages to wear an "it's all part
of-t lie-game smile."


— Daily plmto by Curl Oliver
Bodie liasniussen, a freshman
from Roble, staggers- under an
armload of books, but still man
ages to wear an "it's all part
of-t lie-game smile."


— Daily plmto by Curl Oliver
Bodie liasniussen, a freshman
from Roble, staggers- under an
armload of books, but still man
ages to wear an "it's all part
of-t lie-game smile."


— Daily plmto by Curl Oliver
Bodie liasniussen, a freshman
from Roble, staggers- under an
armload of books, but still man
ages to wear an "it's all part
of-t lie-game smile."


— Daily plmto by Curl Oliver
Bodie liasniussen, a freshman
from Roble, staggers- under an
armload of books, but still man
ages to wear an "it's all part
of-t lie-game smile."


— Daily plmto by Curl Oliver
Bodie liasniussen, a freshman
from Roble, staggers- under an
armload of books, but still man
ages to wear an "it's all part
of-t lie-game smile."


— Daily plmto by Curl Oliver
