# Grid Tickets Still Available
## 
### 
Tickets for the remaining foot
hall games will he on sale today
and Wednesday at the Pavilion
from 8:30 a.m. to 4 p.m.
For games with University of
Washington, Air Force Academy
and Oregon State College the stu
dent tickets are free, hut the Uni
versity of Soul horn California
game at Stanford will cost $1.75
nnd the Big Game at Berkeley $2.
No student tickets will be sold
at the Stadium.
According to Assistant Director
of Athletics Chuck Taylor, a lim
ited number of Big Game tickets
arc available for parents of stu
dents who are not eligible to ap
ply in any other classification.
Students should call at the Ath
letic Department and file an ap
plication in their parents' name
today, Wednesday or as long as
the tickets remain.
Tickets for the remaining foot
hall games will he on sale today
and Wednesday at the Pavilion
from 8:30 a.m. to 4 p.m.
For games with University of
Washington, Air Force Academy
and Oregon State College the stu
dent tickets are free, hut the Uni
versity of Soul horn California
game at Stanford will cost $1.75
nnd the Big Game at Berkeley $2.
No student tickets will be sold
at the Stadium.
According to Assistant Director
of Athletics Chuck Taylor, a lim
ited number of Big Game tickets
arc available for parents of stu
dents who are not eligible to ap
ply in any other classification.
Students should call at the Ath
letic Department and file an ap
plication in their parents' name
today, Wednesday or as long as
the tickets remain.
Tickets for the remaining foot
hall games will he on sale today
and Wednesday at the Pavilion
from 8:30 a.m. to 4 p.m.
For games with University of
Washington, Air Force Academy
and Oregon State College the stu
dent tickets are free, hut the Uni
versity of Soul horn California
game at Stanford will cost $1.75
nnd the Big Game at Berkeley $2.
No student tickets will be sold
at the Stadium.
According to Assistant Director
of Athletics Chuck Taylor, a lim
ited number of Big Game tickets
arc available for parents of stu
dents who are not eligible to ap
ply in any other classification.
Students should call at the Ath
letic Department and file an ap
plication in their parents' name
today, Wednesday or as long as
the tickets remain.
Tickets for the remaining foot
hall games will he on sale today
and Wednesday at the Pavilion
from 8:30 a.m. to 4 p.m.
For games with University of
Washington, Air Force Academy
and Oregon State College the stu
dent tickets are free, hut the Uni
versity of Soul horn California
game at Stanford will cost $1.75
nnd the Big Game at Berkeley $2.
No student tickets will be sold
at the Stadium.
According to Assistant Director
of Athletics Chuck Taylor, a lim
ited number of Big Game tickets
arc available for parents of stu
dents who are not eligible to ap
ply in any other classification.
Students should call at the Ath
letic Department and file an ap
plication in their parents' name
today, Wednesday or as long as
the tickets remain.
Tickets for the remaining foot
hall games will he on sale today
and Wednesday at the Pavilion
from 8:30 a.m. to 4 p.m.
For games with University of
Washington, Air Force Academy
and Oregon State College the stu
dent tickets are free, hut the Uni
versity of Soul horn California
game at Stanford will cost $1.75
nnd the Big Game at Berkeley $2.
No student tickets will be sold
at the Stadium.
According to Assistant Director
of Athletics Chuck Taylor, a lim
ited number of Big Game tickets
arc available for parents of stu
dents who are not eligible to ap
ply in any other classification.
Students should call at the Ath
letic Department and file an ap
plication in their parents' name
today, Wednesday or as long as
the tickets remain.
Tickets for the remaining foot
hall games will he on sale today
and Wednesday at the Pavilion
from 8:30 a.m. to 4 p.m.
For games with University of
Washington, Air Force Academy
and Oregon State College the stu
dent tickets are free, hut the Uni
versity of Soul horn California
game at Stanford will cost $1.75
nnd the Big Game at Berkeley $2.
No student tickets will be sold
at the Stadium.
According to Assistant Director
of Athletics Chuck Taylor, a lim
ited number of Big Game tickets
arc available for parents of stu
dents who are not eligible to ap
ply in any other classification.
Students should call at the Ath
letic Department and file an ap
plication in their parents' name
today, Wednesday or as long as
the tickets remain.
Tickets for the remaining foot
hall games will he on sale today
and Wednesday at the Pavilion
from 8:30 a.m. to 4 p.m.
For games with University of
Washington, Air Force Academy
and Oregon State College the stu
dent tickets are free, hut the Uni
versity of Soul horn California
game at Stanford will cost $1.75
nnd the Big Game at Berkeley $2.
No student tickets will be sold
at the Stadium.
According to Assistant Director
of Athletics Chuck Taylor, a lim
ited number of Big Game tickets
arc available for parents of stu
dents who are not eligible to ap
ply in any other classification.
Students should call at the Ath
letic Department and file an ap
plication in their parents' name
today, Wednesday or as long as
the tickets remain.
Tickets for the remaining foot
hall games will he on sale today
and Wednesday at the Pavilion
from 8:30 a.m. to 4 p.m.
For games with University of
Washington, Air Force Academy
and Oregon State College the stu
dent tickets are free, hut the Uni
versity of Soul horn California
game at Stanford will cost $1.75
nnd the Big Game at Berkeley $2.
No student tickets will be sold
at the Stadium.
According to Assistant Director
of Athletics Chuck Taylor, a lim
ited number of Big Game tickets
arc available for parents of stu
dents who are not eligible to ap
ply in any other classification.
Students should call at the Ath
letic Department and file an ap
plication in their parents' name
today, Wednesday or as long as
the tickets remain.
Tickets for the remaining foot
hall games will he on sale today
and Wednesday at the Pavilion
from 8:30 a.m. to 4 p.m.
For games with University of
Washington, Air Force Academy
and Oregon State College the stu
dent tickets are free, hut the Uni
versity of Soul horn California
game at Stanford will cost $1.75
nnd the Big Game at Berkeley $2.
No student tickets will be sold
at the Stadium.
According to Assistant Director
of Athletics Chuck Taylor, a lim
ited number of Big Game tickets
arc available for parents of stu
dents who are not eligible to ap
ply in any other classification.
Students should call at the Ath
letic Department and file an ap
plication in their parents' name
today, Wednesday or as long as
the tickets remain.
Tickets for the remaining foot
hall games will he on sale today
and Wednesday at the Pavilion
from 8:30 a.m. to 4 p.m.
For games with University of
Washington, Air Force Academy
and Oregon State College the stu
dent tickets are free, hut the Uni
versity of Soul horn California
game at Stanford will cost $1.75
nnd the Big Game at Berkeley $2.
No student tickets will be sold
at the Stadium.
According to Assistant Director
of Athletics Chuck Taylor, a lim
ited number of Big Game tickets
arc available for parents of stu
dents who are not eligible to ap
ply in any other classification.
Students should call at the Ath
letic Department and file an ap
plication in their parents' name
today, Wednesday or as long as
the tickets remain.
Tickets for the remaining foot
hall games will he on sale today
and Wednesday at the Pavilion
from 8:30 a.m. to 4 p.m.
For games with University of
Washington, Air Force Academy
and Oregon State College the stu
dent tickets are free, hut the Uni
versity of Soul horn California
game at Stanford will cost $1.75
nnd the Big Game at Berkeley $2.
No student tickets will be sold
at the Stadium.
According to Assistant Director
of Athletics Chuck Taylor, a lim
ited number of Big Game tickets
arc available for parents of stu
dents who are not eligible to ap
ply in any other classification.
Students should call at the Ath
letic Department and file an ap
plication in their parents' name
today, Wednesday or as long as
the tickets remain.
Tickets for the remaining foot
hall games will he on sale today
and Wednesday at the Pavilion
from 8:30 a.m. to 4 p.m.
For games with University of
Washington, Air Force Academy
and Oregon State College the stu
dent tickets are free, hut the Uni
versity of Soul horn California
game at Stanford will cost $1.75
nnd the Big Game at Berkeley $2.
No student tickets will be sold
at the Stadium.
According to Assistant Director
of Athletics Chuck Taylor, a lim
ited number of Big Game tickets
arc available for parents of stu
dents who are not eligible to ap
ply in any other classification.
Students should call at the Ath
letic Department and file an ap
plication in their parents' name
today, Wednesday or as long as
the tickets remain.
Tickets for the remaining foot
hall games will he on sale today
and Wednesday at the Pavilion
from 8:30 a.m. to 4 p.m.
For games with University of
Washington, Air Force Academy
and Oregon State College the stu
dent tickets are free, hut the Uni
versity of Soul horn California
game at Stanford will cost $1.75
nnd the Big Game at Berkeley $2.
No student tickets will be sold
at the Stadium.
According to Assistant Director
of Athletics Chuck Taylor, a lim
ited number of Big Game tickets
arc available for parents of stu
dents who are not eligible to ap
ply in any other classification.
Students should call at the Ath
letic Department and file an ap
plication in their parents' name
today, Wednesday or as long as
the tickets remain.
Tickets for the remaining foot
hall games will he on sale today
and Wednesday at the Pavilion
from 8:30 a.m. to 4 p.m.
For games with University of
Washington, Air Force Academy
and Oregon State College the stu
dent tickets are free, hut the Uni
versity of Soul horn California
game at Stanford will cost $1.75
nnd the Big Game at Berkeley $2.
No student tickets will be sold
at the Stadium.
According to Assistant Director
of Athletics Chuck Taylor, a lim
ited number of Big Game tickets
arc available for parents of stu
dents who are not eligible to ap
ply in any other classification.
Students should call at the Ath
letic Department and file an ap
plication in their parents' name
today, Wednesday or as long as
the tickets remain.
Tickets for the remaining foot
hall games will he on sale today
and Wednesday at the Pavilion
from 8:30 a.m. to 4 p.m.
For games with University of
Washington, Air Force Academy
and Oregon State College the stu
dent tickets are free, hut the Uni
versity of Soul horn California
game at Stanford will cost $1.75
nnd the Big Game at Berkeley $2.
No student tickets will be sold
at the Stadium.
According to Assistant Director
of Athletics Chuck Taylor, a lim
ited number of Big Game tickets
arc available for parents of stu
dents who are not eligible to ap
ply in any other classification.
Students should call at the Ath
letic Department and file an ap
plication in their parents' name
today, Wednesday or as long as
the tickets remain.
Tickets for the remaining foot
hall games will he on sale today
and Wednesday at the Pavilion
from 8:30 a.m. to 4 p.m.
For games with University of
Washington, Air Force Academy
and Oregon State College the stu
dent tickets are free, hut the Uni
versity of Soul horn California
game at Stanford will cost $1.75
nnd the Big Game at Berkeley $2.
No student tickets will be sold
at the Stadium.
According to Assistant Director
of Athletics Chuck Taylor, a lim
ited number of Big Game tickets
arc available for parents of stu
dents who are not eligible to ap
ply in any other classification.
Students should call at the Ath
letic Department and file an ap
plication in their parents' name
today, Wednesday or as long as
the tickets remain.
Tickets for the remaining foot
hall games will he on sale today
and Wednesday at the Pavilion
from 8:30 a.m. to 4 p.m.
For games with University of
Washington, Air Force Academy
and Oregon State College the stu
dent tickets are free, hut the Uni
versity of Soul horn California
game at Stanford will cost $1.75
nnd the Big Game at Berkeley $2.
No student tickets will be sold
at the Stadium.
According to Assistant Director
of Athletics Chuck Taylor, a lim
ited number of Big Game tickets
arc available for parents of stu
dents who are not eligible to ap
ply in any other classification.
Students should call at the Ath
letic Department and file an ap
plication in their parents' name
today, Wednesday or as long as
the tickets remain.
