# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Proudly marching past crude huts on Tarawa, Gilbert Islands, native
work battalion is ready to start reconstruction job for American
forces. Work begins on Betio, one of Tarawa's atolls where Jap re-
wa.« ni'ushiui

Proudly marching past crude huts on Tarawa, Gilbert Islands, native
work battalion is ready to start reconstruction job for American
forces. Work begins on Betio, one of Tarawa's atolls where Jap re-
wa.« ni'ushiui

Proudly marching past crude huts on Tarawa, Gilbert Islands, native
work battalion is ready to start reconstruction job for American
forces. Work begins on Betio, one of Tarawa's atolls where Jap re-
wa.« ni'ushiui

Proudly marching past crude huts on Tarawa, Gilbert Islands, native
work battalion is ready to start reconstruction job for American
forces. Work begins on Betio, one of Tarawa's atolls where Jap re-
wa.« ni'ushiui

Proudly marching past crude huts on Tarawa, Gilbert Islands, native
work battalion is ready to start reconstruction job for American
forces. Work begins on Betio, one of Tarawa's atolls where Jap re-
wa.« ni'ushiui

Proudly marching past crude huts on Tarawa, Gilbert Islands, native
work battalion is ready to start reconstruction job for American
forces. Work begins on Betio, one of Tarawa's atolls where Jap re-
wa.« ni'ushiui

Proudly marching past crude huts on Tarawa, Gilbert Islands, native
work battalion is ready to start reconstruction job for American
forces. Work begins on Betio, one of Tarawa's atolls where Jap re-
wa.« ni'ushiui

Proudly marching past crude huts on Tarawa, Gilbert Islands, native
work battalion is ready to start reconstruction job for American
forces. Work begins on Betio, one of Tarawa's atolls where Jap re-
wa.« ni'ushiui

Proudly marching past crude huts on Tarawa, Gilbert Islands, native
work battalion is ready to start reconstruction job for American
forces. Work begins on Betio, one of Tarawa's atolls where Jap re-
wa.« ni'ushiui

Proudly marching past crude huts on Tarawa, Gilbert Islands, native
work battalion is ready to start reconstruction job for American
forces. Work begins on Betio, one of Tarawa's atolls where Jap re-
wa.« ni'ushiui

Proudly marching past crude huts on Tarawa, Gilbert Islands, native
work battalion is ready to start reconstruction job for American
forces. Work begins on Betio, one of Tarawa's atolls where Jap re-
wa.« ni'ushiui

Proudly marching past crude huts on Tarawa, Gilbert Islands, native
work battalion is ready to start reconstruction job for American
forces. Work begins on Betio, one of Tarawa's atolls where Jap re-
wa.« ni'ushiui

Proudly marching past crude huts on Tarawa, Gilbert Islands, native
work battalion is ready to start reconstruction job for American
forces. Work begins on Betio, one of Tarawa's atolls where Jap re-
wa.« ni'ushiui

Proudly marching past crude huts on Tarawa, Gilbert Islands, native
work battalion is ready to start reconstruction job for American
forces. Work begins on Betio, one of Tarawa's atolls where Jap re-
wa.« ni'ushiui

Proudly marching past crude huts on Tarawa, Gilbert Islands, native
work battalion is ready to start reconstruction job for American
forces. Work begins on Betio, one of Tarawa's atolls where Jap re-
wa.« ni'ushiui

Proudly marching past crude huts on Tarawa, Gilbert Islands, native
work battalion is ready to start reconstruction job for American
forces. Work begins on Betio, one of Tarawa's atolls where Jap re-
wa.« ni'ushiui
