# Swim Team Wins; Freshman Stars
## 
### 
Bill Weeden's equalling of the
Pacific Coast 150-yard back-stroke
record of 1:41.5 was the outstanding
performance of a highly successful
swimming week-end for Stanford.
Friday night at Hayward the In
dians brought home nine medals in
the Pacific Association A.A.U. in
door championships. Weeden also
copped the 100-meter championship
in another record breaking race.
Such stellar teams as California,
San Jose State and Stockton went
home with a single medal apiece.
The Stanford freshmen beat the
Stockton Olympic Club Saturday,
41-34 as Weeden, Chuck Wiper, and
Roy Vitousek went to town. Vitou
sek won both the 50- and the 100-
yard free-style events with Wiper
second in both.
Bill Weeden's equalling of the
Pacific Coast 150-yard back-stroke
record of 1:41.5 was the outstanding
performance of a highly successful
swimming week-end for Stanford.
Friday night at Hayward the In
dians brought home nine medals in
the Pacific Association A.A.U. in
door championships. Weeden also
copped the 100-meter championship
in another record breaking race.
Such stellar teams as California,
San Jose State and Stockton went
home with a single medal apiece.
The Stanford freshmen beat the
Stockton Olympic Club Saturday,
41-34 as Weeden, Chuck Wiper, and
Roy Vitousek went to town. Vitou
sek won both the 50- and the 100-
yard free-style events with Wiper
second in both.
Bill Weeden's equalling of the
Pacific Coast 150-yard back-stroke
record of 1:41.5 was the outstanding
performance of a highly successful
swimming week-end for Stanford.
Friday night at Hayward the In
dians brought home nine medals in
the Pacific Association A.A.U. in
door championships. Weeden also
copped the 100-meter championship
in another record breaking race.
Such stellar teams as California,
San Jose State and Stockton went
home with a single medal apiece.
The Stanford freshmen beat the
Stockton Olympic Club Saturday,
41-34 as Weeden, Chuck Wiper, and
Roy Vitousek went to town. Vitou
sek won both the 50- and the 100-
yard free-style events with Wiper
second in both.
Bill Weeden's equalling of the
Pacific Coast 150-yard back-stroke
record of 1:41.5 was the outstanding
performance of a highly successful
swimming week-end for Stanford.
Friday night at Hayward the In
dians brought home nine medals in
the Pacific Association A.A.U. in
door championships. Weeden also
copped the 100-meter championship
in another record breaking race.
Such stellar teams as California,
San Jose State and Stockton went
home with a single medal apiece.
The Stanford freshmen beat the
Stockton Olympic Club Saturday,
41-34 as Weeden, Chuck Wiper, and
Roy Vitousek went to town. Vitou
sek won both the 50- and the 100-
yard free-style events with Wiper
second in both.
Bill Weeden's equalling of the
Pacific Coast 150-yard back-stroke
record of 1:41.5 was the outstanding
performance of a highly successful
swimming week-end for Stanford.
Friday night at Hayward the In
dians brought home nine medals in
the Pacific Association A.A.U. in
door championships. Weeden also
copped the 100-meter championship
in another record breaking race.
Such stellar teams as California,
San Jose State and Stockton went
home with a single medal apiece.
The Stanford freshmen beat the
Stockton Olympic Club Saturday,
41-34 as Weeden, Chuck Wiper, and
Roy Vitousek went to town. Vitou
sek won both the 50- and the 100-
yard free-style events with Wiper
second in both.
Bill Weeden's equalling of the
Pacific Coast 150-yard back-stroke
record of 1:41.5 was the outstanding
performance of a highly successful
swimming week-end for Stanford.
Friday night at Hayward the In
dians brought home nine medals in
the Pacific Association A.A.U. in
door championships. Weeden also
copped the 100-meter championship
in another record breaking race.
Such stellar teams as California,
San Jose State and Stockton went
home with a single medal apiece.
The Stanford freshmen beat the
Stockton Olympic Club Saturday,
41-34 as Weeden, Chuck Wiper, and
Roy Vitousek went to town. Vitou
sek won both the 50- and the 100-
yard free-style events with Wiper
second in both.
Bill Weeden's equalling of the
Pacific Coast 150-yard back-stroke
record of 1:41.5 was the outstanding
performance of a highly successful
swimming week-end for Stanford.
Friday night at Hayward the In
dians brought home nine medals in
the Pacific Association A.A.U. in
door championships. Weeden also
copped the 100-meter championship
in another record breaking race.
Such stellar teams as California,
San Jose State and Stockton went
home with a single medal apiece.
The Stanford freshmen beat the
Stockton Olympic Club Saturday,
41-34 as Weeden, Chuck Wiper, and
Roy Vitousek went to town. Vitou
sek won both the 50- and the 100-
yard free-style events with Wiper
second in both.
Bill Weeden's equalling of the
Pacific Coast 150-yard back-stroke
record of 1:41.5 was the outstanding
performance of a highly successful
swimming week-end for Stanford.
Friday night at Hayward the In
dians brought home nine medals in
the Pacific Association A.A.U. in
door championships. Weeden also
copped the 100-meter championship
in another record breaking race.
Such stellar teams as California,
San Jose State and Stockton went
home with a single medal apiece.
The Stanford freshmen beat the
Stockton Olympic Club Saturday,
41-34 as Weeden, Chuck Wiper, and
Roy Vitousek went to town. Vitou
sek won both the 50- and the 100-
yard free-style events with Wiper
second in both.
Bill Weeden's equalling of the
Pacific Coast 150-yard back-stroke
record of 1:41.5 was the outstanding
performance of a highly successful
swimming week-end for Stanford.
Friday night at Hayward the In
dians brought home nine medals in
the Pacific Association A.A.U. in
door championships. Weeden also
copped the 100-meter championship
in another record breaking race.
Such stellar teams as California,
San Jose State and Stockton went
home with a single medal apiece.
The Stanford freshmen beat the
Stockton Olympic Club Saturday,
41-34 as Weeden, Chuck Wiper, and
Roy Vitousek went to town. Vitou
sek won both the 50- and the 100-
yard free-style events with Wiper
second in both.
Bill Weeden's equalling of the
Pacific Coast 150-yard back-stroke
record of 1:41.5 was the outstanding
performance of a highly successful
swimming week-end for Stanford.
Friday night at Hayward the In
dians brought home nine medals in
the Pacific Association A.A.U. in
door championships. Weeden also
copped the 100-meter championship
in another record breaking race.
Such stellar teams as California,
San Jose State and Stockton went
home with a single medal apiece.
The Stanford freshmen beat the
Stockton Olympic Club Saturday,
41-34 as Weeden, Chuck Wiper, and
Roy Vitousek went to town. Vitou
sek won both the 50- and the 100-
yard free-style events with Wiper
second in both.
Bill Weeden's equalling of the
Pacific Coast 150-yard back-stroke
record of 1:41.5 was the outstanding
performance of a highly successful
swimming week-end for Stanford.
Friday night at Hayward the In
dians brought home nine medals in
the Pacific Association A.A.U. in
door championships. Weeden also
copped the 100-meter championship
in another record breaking race.
Such stellar teams as California,
San Jose State and Stockton went
home with a single medal apiece.
The Stanford freshmen beat the
Stockton Olympic Club Saturday,
41-34 as Weeden, Chuck Wiper, and
Roy Vitousek went to town. Vitou
sek won both the 50- and the 100-
yard free-style events with Wiper
second in both.
Bill Weeden's equalling of the
Pacific Coast 150-yard back-stroke
record of 1:41.5 was the outstanding
performance of a highly successful
swimming week-end for Stanford.
Friday night at Hayward the In
dians brought home nine medals in
the Pacific Association A.A.U. in
door championships. Weeden also
copped the 100-meter championship
in another record breaking race.
Such stellar teams as California,
San Jose State and Stockton went
home with a single medal apiece.
The Stanford freshmen beat the
Stockton Olympic Club Saturday,
41-34 as Weeden, Chuck Wiper, and
Roy Vitousek went to town. Vitou
sek won both the 50- and the 100-
yard free-style events with Wiper
second in both.
Bill Weeden's equalling of the
Pacific Coast 150-yard back-stroke
record of 1:41.5 was the outstanding
performance of a highly successful
swimming week-end for Stanford.
Friday night at Hayward the In
dians brought home nine medals in
the Pacific Association A.A.U. in
door championships. Weeden also
copped the 100-meter championship
in another record breaking race.
Such stellar teams as California,
San Jose State and Stockton went
home with a single medal apiece.
The Stanford freshmen beat the
Stockton Olympic Club Saturday,
41-34 as Weeden, Chuck Wiper, and
Roy Vitousek went to town. Vitou
sek won both the 50- and the 100-
yard free-style events with Wiper
second in both.
Bill Weeden's equalling of the
Pacific Coast 150-yard back-stroke
record of 1:41.5 was the outstanding
performance of a highly successful
swimming week-end for Stanford.
Friday night at Hayward the In
dians brought home nine medals in
the Pacific Association A.A.U. in
door championships. Weeden also
copped the 100-meter championship
in another record breaking race.
Such stellar teams as California,
San Jose State and Stockton went
home with a single medal apiece.
The Stanford freshmen beat the
Stockton Olympic Club Saturday,
41-34 as Weeden, Chuck Wiper, and
Roy Vitousek went to town. Vitou
sek won both the 50- and the 100-
yard free-style events with Wiper
second in both.
Bill Weeden's equalling of the
Pacific Coast 150-yard back-stroke
record of 1:41.5 was the outstanding
performance of a highly successful
swimming week-end for Stanford.
Friday night at Hayward the In
dians brought home nine medals in
the Pacific Association A.A.U. in
door championships. Weeden also
copped the 100-meter championship
in another record breaking race.
Such stellar teams as California,
San Jose State and Stockton went
home with a single medal apiece.
The Stanford freshmen beat the
Stockton Olympic Club Saturday,
41-34 as Weeden, Chuck Wiper, and
Roy Vitousek went to town. Vitou
sek won both the 50- and the 100-
yard free-style events with Wiper
second in both.
