# Veterans March In Holiday Parade
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 22 (UP).
A three-hour parade of marching
units, bands and members of vet
erans organizations along Market
street to the Civic Center loday
featured San Francisco's observance
of George Washington's birthday
anniversary.
Mayor Angelo J. Rossi, Maj. Gen.
George Simonds of the Army Ninth
Corps Area; Maj. Gen. C. H. Lyman
of the U. S. Marine Corps, and offi
cers of the national guard reviewed
the marchers as they passed before
the city hall.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 22 (UP).
A three-hour parade of marching
units, bands and members of vet
erans organizations along Market
street to the Civic Center loday
featured San Francisco's observance
of George Washington's birthday
anniversary.
Mayor Angelo J. Rossi, Maj. Gen.
George Simonds of the Army Ninth
Corps Area; Maj. Gen. C. H. Lyman
of the U. S. Marine Corps, and offi
cers of the national guard reviewed
the marchers as they passed before
the city hall.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 22 (UP).
A three-hour parade of marching
units, bands and members of vet
erans organizations along Market
street to the Civic Center loday
featured San Francisco's observance
of George Washington's birthday
anniversary.
Mayor Angelo J. Rossi, Maj. Gen.
George Simonds of the Army Ninth
Corps Area; Maj. Gen. C. H. Lyman
of the U. S. Marine Corps, and offi
cers of the national guard reviewed
the marchers as they passed before
the city hall.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 22 (UP).
A three-hour parade of marching
units, bands and members of vet
erans organizations along Market
street to the Civic Center loday
featured San Francisco's observance
of George Washington's birthday
anniversary.
Mayor Angelo J. Rossi, Maj. Gen.
George Simonds of the Army Ninth
Corps Area; Maj. Gen. C. H. Lyman
of the U. S. Marine Corps, and offi
cers of the national guard reviewed
the marchers as they passed before
the city hall.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 22 (UP).
A three-hour parade of marching
units, bands and members of vet
erans organizations along Market
street to the Civic Center loday
featured San Francisco's observance
of George Washington's birthday
anniversary.
Mayor Angelo J. Rossi, Maj. Gen.
George Simonds of the Army Ninth
Corps Area; Maj. Gen. C. H. Lyman
of the U. S. Marine Corps, and offi
cers of the national guard reviewed
the marchers as they passed before
the city hall.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 22 (UP).
A three-hour parade of marching
units, bands and members of vet
erans organizations along Market
street to the Civic Center loday
featured San Francisco's observance
of George Washington's birthday
anniversary.
Mayor Angelo J. Rossi, Maj. Gen.
George Simonds of the Army Ninth
Corps Area; Maj. Gen. C. H. Lyman
of the U. S. Marine Corps, and offi
cers of the national guard reviewed
the marchers as they passed before
the city hall.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 22 (UP).
A three-hour parade of marching
units, bands and members of vet
erans organizations along Market
street to the Civic Center loday
featured San Francisco's observance
of George Washington's birthday
anniversary.
Mayor Angelo J. Rossi, Maj. Gen.
George Simonds of the Army Ninth
Corps Area; Maj. Gen. C. H. Lyman
of the U. S. Marine Corps, and offi
cers of the national guard reviewed
the marchers as they passed before
the city hall.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 22 (UP).
A three-hour parade of marching
units, bands and members of vet
erans organizations along Market
street to the Civic Center loday
featured San Francisco's observance
of George Washington's birthday
anniversary.
Mayor Angelo J. Rossi, Maj. Gen.
George Simonds of the Army Ninth
Corps Area; Maj. Gen. C. H. Lyman
of the U. S. Marine Corps, and offi
cers of the national guard reviewed
the marchers as they passed before
the city hall.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 22 (UP).
A three-hour parade of marching
units, bands and members of vet
erans organizations along Market
street to the Civic Center loday
featured San Francisco's observance
of George Washington's birthday
anniversary.
Mayor Angelo J. Rossi, Maj. Gen.
George Simonds of the Army Ninth
Corps Area; Maj. Gen. C. H. Lyman
of the U. S. Marine Corps, and offi
cers of the national guard reviewed
the marchers as they passed before
the city hall.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 22 (UP).
A three-hour parade of marching
units, bands and members of vet
erans organizations along Market
street to the Civic Center loday
featured San Francisco's observance
of George Washington's birthday
anniversary.
Mayor Angelo J. Rossi, Maj. Gen.
George Simonds of the Army Ninth
Corps Area; Maj. Gen. C. H. Lyman
of the U. S. Marine Corps, and offi
cers of the national guard reviewed
the marchers as they passed before
the city hall.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 22 (UP).
A three-hour parade of marching
units, bands and members of vet
erans organizations along Market
street to the Civic Center loday
featured San Francisco's observance
of George Washington's birthday
anniversary.
Mayor Angelo J. Rossi, Maj. Gen.
George Simonds of the Army Ninth
Corps Area; Maj. Gen. C. H. Lyman
of the U. S. Marine Corps, and offi
cers of the national guard reviewed
the marchers as they passed before
the city hall.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 22 (UP).
A three-hour parade of marching
units, bands and members of vet
erans organizations along Market
street to the Civic Center loday
featured San Francisco's observance
of George Washington's birthday
anniversary.
Mayor Angelo J. Rossi, Maj. Gen.
George Simonds of the Army Ninth
Corps Area; Maj. Gen. C. H. Lyman
of the U. S. Marine Corps, and offi
cers of the national guard reviewed
the marchers as they passed before
the city hall.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 22 (UP).
A three-hour parade of marching
units, bands and members of vet
erans organizations along Market
street to the Civic Center loday
featured San Francisco's observance
of George Washington's birthday
anniversary.
Mayor Angelo J. Rossi, Maj. Gen.
George Simonds of the Army Ninth
Corps Area; Maj. Gen. C. H. Lyman
of the U. S. Marine Corps, and offi
cers of the national guard reviewed
the marchers as they passed before
the city hall.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 22 (UP).
A three-hour parade of marching
units, bands and members of vet
erans organizations along Market
street to the Civic Center loday
featured San Francisco's observance
of George Washington's birthday
anniversary.
Mayor Angelo J. Rossi, Maj. Gen.
George Simonds of the Army Ninth
Corps Area; Maj. Gen. C. H. Lyman
of the U. S. Marine Corps, and offi
cers of the national guard reviewed
the marchers as they passed before
the city hall.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 22 (UP).
A three-hour parade of marching
units, bands and members of vet
erans organizations along Market
street to the Civic Center loday
featured San Francisco's observance
of George Washington's birthday
anniversary.
Mayor Angelo J. Rossi, Maj. Gen.
George Simonds of the Army Ninth
Corps Area; Maj. Gen. C. H. Lyman
of the U. S. Marine Corps, and offi
cers of the national guard reviewed
the marchers as they passed before
the city hall.
