# Encina Club Plans Jolly-Up Friday
## 
### 
Encina Club will give the first
jolly-up in its history next Friday
night at 9:30 o'clock in the Encina
Lobby. The dance will be presented
after the U.C.L.A.-Stanford basket
ball game and will be open to the
entire University free of charge.
Pete Voigt's orchestra will play in
a modified swing style patterned
after Hal Kemp's and will feature
"Jeri, The Swingcopated Songs
tress." Voigt's orchestra is the one
that played at President
freshman reception last quarter.
Walt Stoessel, president of Encina
Club, announced that the jolly-up
is part of the freshman class's pro
gram of increased activity. The
dance committee for the jolly-up is
made up of Dick Harmon, Encina
Club manager, Grayson Bryan, and
Bob Doffelmyer.
