# Adv. 13 Page 3
## 
### 
54 Fourth Street b
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 75c
With Private Bath, $1 26
175 Rooms
125 3aths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P depot to Hotel
igir
• •
54 Fourth Street b
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 75c
With Private Bath, $1 26
175 Rooms
125 3aths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P depot to Hotel
igir
• •
54 Fourth Street b
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 75c
With Private Bath, $1 26
175 Rooms
125 3aths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P depot to Hotel
igir
• •
54 Fourth Street b
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 75c
With Private Bath, $1 26
175 Rooms
125 3aths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P depot to Hotel
igir
• •
54 Fourth Street b
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 75c
With Private Bath, $1 26
175 Rooms
125 3aths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P depot to Hotel
igir
• •
54 Fourth Street b
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 75c
With Private Bath, $1 26
175 Rooms
125 3aths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P depot to Hotel
igir
• •
54 Fourth Street b
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 75c
With Private Bath, $1 26
175 Rooms
125 3aths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P depot to Hotel
igir
• •
54 Fourth Street b
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 75c
With Private Bath, $1 26
175 Rooms
125 3aths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P depot to Hotel
igir
• •
54 Fourth Street b
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 75c
With Private Bath, $1 26
175 Rooms
125 3aths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P depot to Hotel
igir
• •
54 Fourth Street b
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 75c
With Private Bath, $1 26
175 Rooms
125 3aths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P depot to Hotel
igir
• •
54 Fourth Street b
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 75c
With Private Bath, $1 26
175 Rooms
125 3aths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P depot to Hotel
igir
• •
54 Fourth Street b
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 75c
With Private Bath, $1 26
175 Rooms
125 3aths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P depot to Hotel
igir
• •
54 Fourth Street b
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 75c
With Private Bath, $1 26
175 Rooms
125 3aths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P depot to Hotel
igir
• •
54 Fourth Street b
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 75c
With Private Bath, $1 26
175 Rooms
125 3aths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P depot to Hotel
igir
• •
54 Fourth Street b
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 75c
With Private Bath, $1 26
175 Rooms
125 3aths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P depot to Hotel
igir
• •
