# Adv. 38 Page 7
## 
### 
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
twcfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Homer Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
$ l OO OFF
WITH S.U. ID
GOOD THRU FINALS WEEK
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
twcfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Homer Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
$ l OO OFF
WITH S.U. ID
GOOD THRU FINALS WEEK
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
twcfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Homer Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
$ l OO OFF
WITH S.U. ID
GOOD THRU FINALS WEEK
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
twcfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Homer Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
$ l OO OFF
WITH S.U. ID
GOOD THRU FINALS WEEK
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
twcfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Homer Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
$ l OO OFF
WITH S.U. ID
GOOD THRU FINALS WEEK
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
twcfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Homer Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
$ l OO OFF
WITH S.U. ID
GOOD THRU FINALS WEEK
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
twcfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Homer Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
$ l OO OFF
WITH S.U. ID
GOOD THRU FINALS WEEK
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
twcfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Homer Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
$ l OO OFF
WITH S.U. ID
GOOD THRU FINALS WEEK
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
twcfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Homer Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
$ l OO OFF
WITH S.U. ID
GOOD THRU FINALS WEEK
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
twcfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Homer Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
$ l OO OFF
WITH S.U. ID
GOOD THRU FINALS WEEK
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
twcfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Homer Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
$ l OO OFF
WITH S.U. ID
GOOD THRU FINALS WEEK
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
twcfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Homer Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
$ l OO OFF
WITH S.U. ID
GOOD THRU FINALS WEEK
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
twcfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Homer Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
$ l OO OFF
WITH S.U. ID
GOOD THRU FINALS WEEK
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
twcfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Homer Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
$ l OO OFF
WITH S.U. ID
GOOD THRU FINALS WEEK
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
twcfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Homer Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
$ l OO OFF
WITH S.U. ID
GOOD THRU FINALS WEEK
