# Untitled Article
## 
### 

I „ )
Art Streiber/Daily
Hacking away
Cardinal Rich Marik will show his golfing prowess tomorrow and Sunday as Stanford
hosts the Stanford United States Intercollegiate Golf Tournament. The Cardinal, the
tourney's defending champion, will compete against 17 other teams including N0.6-
ranked USC, the winner of the fall Intercollegiate Tournament, and University of the
Pacific, which was the runner-up in the fall.

I „ )
Art Streiber/Daily
Hacking away
Cardinal Rich Marik will show his golfing prowess tomorrow and Sunday as Stanford
hosts the Stanford United States Intercollegiate Golf Tournament. The Cardinal, the
tourney's defending champion, will compete against 17 other teams including N0.6-
ranked USC, the winner of the fall Intercollegiate Tournament, and University of the
Pacific, which was the runner-up in the fall.

I „ )
Art Streiber/Daily
Hacking away
Cardinal Rich Marik will show his golfing prowess tomorrow and Sunday as Stanford
hosts the Stanford United States Intercollegiate Golf Tournament. The Cardinal, the
tourney's defending champion, will compete against 17 other teams including N0.6-
ranked USC, the winner of the fall Intercollegiate Tournament, and University of the
Pacific, which was the runner-up in the fall.

I „ )
Art Streiber/Daily
Hacking away
Cardinal Rich Marik will show his golfing prowess tomorrow and Sunday as Stanford
hosts the Stanford United States Intercollegiate Golf Tournament. The Cardinal, the
tourney's defending champion, will compete against 17 other teams including N0.6-
ranked USC, the winner of the fall Intercollegiate Tournament, and University of the
Pacific, which was the runner-up in the fall.

I „ )
Art Streiber/Daily
Hacking away
Cardinal Rich Marik will show his golfing prowess tomorrow and Sunday as Stanford
hosts the Stanford United States Intercollegiate Golf Tournament. The Cardinal, the
tourney's defending champion, will compete against 17 other teams including N0.6-
ranked USC, the winner of the fall Intercollegiate Tournament, and University of the
Pacific, which was the runner-up in the fall.

I „ )
Art Streiber/Daily
Hacking away
Cardinal Rich Marik will show his golfing prowess tomorrow and Sunday as Stanford
hosts the Stanford United States Intercollegiate Golf Tournament. The Cardinal, the
tourney's defending champion, will compete against 17 other teams including N0.6-
ranked USC, the winner of the fall Intercollegiate Tournament, and University of the
Pacific, which was the runner-up in the fall.

I „ )
Art Streiber/Daily
Hacking away
Cardinal Rich Marik will show his golfing prowess tomorrow and Sunday as Stanford
hosts the Stanford United States Intercollegiate Golf Tournament. The Cardinal, the
tourney's defending champion, will compete against 17 other teams including N0.6-
ranked USC, the winner of the fall Intercollegiate Tournament, and University of the
Pacific, which was the runner-up in the fall.
