# Ticket Sales For 'Cocktail'
## 
### 
Tickets for T. S. Eliot's modern
throe-act comedy, "The Cocktail
Party," to be presented by the
Stanford Players in the Little
Theater of Memorial Auditorium
May 20 23 and 27 30, are now on
sale at Memorial Auditorium box
office weekday afternoons from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Tim Haggcrty will play thr>
role of Sir Henhy Harcourt-Reil
ly in the production, directed by
Lawrence Wismer.
Tickets are priced at $1.75 and
$1.25.
Also continuing this week are
ticket sales for the Rossini musi
cal farce, "Count Ory," which
will be presented by the Stanford
Opera Theater in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium, May 21 23 and 29 -30.
Tickets for the opera can be pur
chased at the Dinkelspiel box of
fice.
Tickets for T. S. Eliot's modern
throe-act comedy, "The Cocktail
Party," to be presented by the
Stanford Players in the Little
Theater of Memorial Auditorium
May 20 23 and 27 30, are now on
sale at Memorial Auditorium box
office weekday afternoons from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Tim Haggcrty will play thr>
role of Sir Henhy Harcourt-Reil
ly in the production, directed by
Lawrence Wismer.
Tickets are priced at $1.75 and
$1.25.
Also continuing this week are
ticket sales for the Rossini musi
cal farce, "Count Ory," which
will be presented by the Stanford
Opera Theater in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium, May 21 23 and 29 -30.
Tickets for the opera can be pur
chased at the Dinkelspiel box of
fice.
Tickets for T. S. Eliot's modern
throe-act comedy, "The Cocktail
Party," to be presented by the
Stanford Players in the Little
Theater of Memorial Auditorium
May 20 23 and 27 30, are now on
sale at Memorial Auditorium box
office weekday afternoons from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Tim Haggcrty will play thr>
role of Sir Henhy Harcourt-Reil
ly in the production, directed by
Lawrence Wismer.
Tickets are priced at $1.75 and
$1.25.
Also continuing this week are
ticket sales for the Rossini musi
cal farce, "Count Ory," which
will be presented by the Stanford
Opera Theater in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium, May 21 23 and 29 -30.
Tickets for the opera can be pur
chased at the Dinkelspiel box of
fice.
Tickets for T. S. Eliot's modern
throe-act comedy, "The Cocktail
Party," to be presented by the
Stanford Players in the Little
Theater of Memorial Auditorium
May 20 23 and 27 30, are now on
sale at Memorial Auditorium box
office weekday afternoons from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Tim Haggcrty will play thr>
role of Sir Henhy Harcourt-Reil
ly in the production, directed by
Lawrence Wismer.
Tickets are priced at $1.75 and
$1.25.
Also continuing this week are
ticket sales for the Rossini musi
cal farce, "Count Ory," which
will be presented by the Stanford
Opera Theater in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium, May 21 23 and 29 -30.
Tickets for the opera can be pur
chased at the Dinkelspiel box of
fice.
Tickets for T. S. Eliot's modern
throe-act comedy, "The Cocktail
Party," to be presented by the
Stanford Players in the Little
Theater of Memorial Auditorium
May 20 23 and 27 30, are now on
sale at Memorial Auditorium box
office weekday afternoons from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Tim Haggcrty will play thr>
role of Sir Henhy Harcourt-Reil
ly in the production, directed by
Lawrence Wismer.
Tickets are priced at $1.75 and
$1.25.
Also continuing this week are
ticket sales for the Rossini musi
cal farce, "Count Ory," which
will be presented by the Stanford
Opera Theater in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium, May 21 23 and 29 -30.
Tickets for the opera can be pur
chased at the Dinkelspiel box of
fice.
Tickets for T. S. Eliot's modern
throe-act comedy, "The Cocktail
Party," to be presented by the
Stanford Players in the Little
Theater of Memorial Auditorium
May 20 23 and 27 30, are now on
sale at Memorial Auditorium box
office weekday afternoons from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Tim Haggcrty will play thr>
role of Sir Henhy Harcourt-Reil
ly in the production, directed by
Lawrence Wismer.
Tickets are priced at $1.75 and
$1.25.
Also continuing this week are
ticket sales for the Rossini musi
cal farce, "Count Ory," which
will be presented by the Stanford
Opera Theater in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium, May 21 23 and 29 -30.
Tickets for the opera can be pur
chased at the Dinkelspiel box of
fice.
Tickets for T. S. Eliot's modern
throe-act comedy, "The Cocktail
Party," to be presented by the
Stanford Players in the Little
Theater of Memorial Auditorium
May 20 23 and 27 30, are now on
sale at Memorial Auditorium box
office weekday afternoons from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Tim Haggcrty will play thr>
role of Sir Henhy Harcourt-Reil
ly in the production, directed by
Lawrence Wismer.
Tickets are priced at $1.75 and
$1.25.
Also continuing this week are
ticket sales for the Rossini musi
cal farce, "Count Ory," which
will be presented by the Stanford
Opera Theater in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium, May 21 23 and 29 -30.
Tickets for the opera can be pur
chased at the Dinkelspiel box of
fice.
Tickets for T. S. Eliot's modern
throe-act comedy, "The Cocktail
Party," to be presented by the
Stanford Players in the Little
Theater of Memorial Auditorium
May 20 23 and 27 30, are now on
sale at Memorial Auditorium box
office weekday afternoons from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Tim Haggcrty will play thr>
role of Sir Henhy Harcourt-Reil
ly in the production, directed by
Lawrence Wismer.
Tickets are priced at $1.75 and
$1.25.
Also continuing this week are
ticket sales for the Rossini musi
cal farce, "Count Ory," which
will be presented by the Stanford
Opera Theater in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium, May 21 23 and 29 -30.
Tickets for the opera can be pur
chased at the Dinkelspiel box of
fice.
Tickets for T. S. Eliot's modern
throe-act comedy, "The Cocktail
Party," to be presented by the
Stanford Players in the Little
Theater of Memorial Auditorium
May 20 23 and 27 30, are now on
sale at Memorial Auditorium box
office weekday afternoons from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Tim Haggcrty will play thr>
role of Sir Henhy Harcourt-Reil
ly in the production, directed by
Lawrence Wismer.
Tickets are priced at $1.75 and
$1.25.
Also continuing this week are
ticket sales for the Rossini musi
cal farce, "Count Ory," which
will be presented by the Stanford
Opera Theater in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium, May 21 23 and 29 -30.
Tickets for the opera can be pur
chased at the Dinkelspiel box of
fice.
Tickets for T. S. Eliot's modern
throe-act comedy, "The Cocktail
Party," to be presented by the
Stanford Players in the Little
Theater of Memorial Auditorium
May 20 23 and 27 30, are now on
sale at Memorial Auditorium box
office weekday afternoons from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Tim Haggcrty will play thr>
role of Sir Henhy Harcourt-Reil
ly in the production, directed by
Lawrence Wismer.
Tickets are priced at $1.75 and
$1.25.
Also continuing this week are
ticket sales for the Rossini musi
cal farce, "Count Ory," which
will be presented by the Stanford
Opera Theater in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium, May 21 23 and 29 -30.
Tickets for the opera can be pur
chased at the Dinkelspiel box of
fice.
Tickets for T. S. Eliot's modern
throe-act comedy, "The Cocktail
Party," to be presented by the
Stanford Players in the Little
Theater of Memorial Auditorium
May 20 23 and 27 30, are now on
sale at Memorial Auditorium box
office weekday afternoons from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Tim Haggcrty will play thr>
role of Sir Henhy Harcourt-Reil
ly in the production, directed by
Lawrence Wismer.
Tickets are priced at $1.75 and
$1.25.
Also continuing this week are
ticket sales for the Rossini musi
cal farce, "Count Ory," which
will be presented by the Stanford
Opera Theater in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium, May 21 23 and 29 -30.
Tickets for the opera can be pur
chased at the Dinkelspiel box of
fice.
Tickets for T. S. Eliot's modern
throe-act comedy, "The Cocktail
Party," to be presented by the
Stanford Players in the Little
Theater of Memorial Auditorium
May 20 23 and 27 30, are now on
sale at Memorial Auditorium box
office weekday afternoons from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Tim Haggcrty will play thr>
role of Sir Henhy Harcourt-Reil
ly in the production, directed by
Lawrence Wismer.
Tickets are priced at $1.75 and
$1.25.
Also continuing this week are
ticket sales for the Rossini musi
cal farce, "Count Ory," which
will be presented by the Stanford
Opera Theater in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium, May 21 23 and 29 -30.
Tickets for the opera can be pur
chased at the Dinkelspiel box of
fice.
Tickets for T. S. Eliot's modern
throe-act comedy, "The Cocktail
Party," to be presented by the
Stanford Players in the Little
Theater of Memorial Auditorium
May 20 23 and 27 30, are now on
sale at Memorial Auditorium box
office weekday afternoons from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Tim Haggcrty will play thr>
role of Sir Henhy Harcourt-Reil
ly in the production, directed by
Lawrence Wismer.
Tickets are priced at $1.75 and
$1.25.
Also continuing this week are
ticket sales for the Rossini musi
cal farce, "Count Ory," which
will be presented by the Stanford
Opera Theater in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium, May 21 23 and 29 -30.
Tickets for the opera can be pur
chased at the Dinkelspiel box of
fice.
Tickets for T. S. Eliot's modern
throe-act comedy, "The Cocktail
Party," to be presented by the
Stanford Players in the Little
Theater of Memorial Auditorium
May 20 23 and 27 30, are now on
sale at Memorial Auditorium box
office weekday afternoons from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Tim Haggcrty will play thr>
role of Sir Henhy Harcourt-Reil
ly in the production, directed by
Lawrence Wismer.
Tickets are priced at $1.75 and
$1.25.
Also continuing this week are
ticket sales for the Rossini musi
cal farce, "Count Ory," which
will be presented by the Stanford
Opera Theater in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium, May 21 23 and 29 -30.
Tickets for the opera can be pur
chased at the Dinkelspiel box of
fice.
Tickets for T. S. Eliot's modern
throe-act comedy, "The Cocktail
Party," to be presented by the
Stanford Players in the Little
Theater of Memorial Auditorium
May 20 23 and 27 30, are now on
sale at Memorial Auditorium box
office weekday afternoons from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Tim Haggcrty will play thr>
role of Sir Henhy Harcourt-Reil
ly in the production, directed by
Lawrence Wismer.
Tickets are priced at $1.75 and
$1.25.
Also continuing this week are
ticket sales for the Rossini musi
cal farce, "Count Ory," which
will be presented by the Stanford
Opera Theater in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium, May 21 23 and 29 -30.
Tickets for the opera can be pur
chased at the Dinkelspiel box of
fice.
Tickets for T. S. Eliot's modern
throe-act comedy, "The Cocktail
Party," to be presented by the
Stanford Players in the Little
Theater of Memorial Auditorium
May 20 23 and 27 30, are now on
sale at Memorial Auditorium box
office weekday afternoons from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Tim Haggcrty will play thr>
role of Sir Henhy Harcourt-Reil
ly in the production, directed by
Lawrence Wismer.
Tickets are priced at $1.75 and
$1.25.
Also continuing this week are
ticket sales for the Rossini musi
cal farce, "Count Ory," which
will be presented by the Stanford
Opera Theater in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium, May 21 23 and 29 -30.
Tickets for the opera can be pur
chased at the Dinkelspiel box of
fice.
Tickets for T. S. Eliot's modern
throe-act comedy, "The Cocktail
Party," to be presented by the
Stanford Players in the Little
Theater of Memorial Auditorium
May 20 23 and 27 30, are now on
sale at Memorial Auditorium box
office weekday afternoons from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Tim Haggcrty will play thr>
role of Sir Henhy Harcourt-Reil
ly in the production, directed by
Lawrence Wismer.
Tickets are priced at $1.75 and
$1.25.
Also continuing this week are
ticket sales for the Rossini musi
cal farce, "Count Ory," which
will be presented by the Stanford
Opera Theater in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium, May 21 23 and 29 -30.
Tickets for the opera can be pur
chased at the Dinkelspiel box of
fice.
