# Daily To Announce Time For Tryouts
## 
### 
A tryoutee period will be an
nounced soon for students who
wish to try out for positions on
the editorial staff of the Daily.
During this period trvoutees are
required to write sample stories,
study Daily rules, and pass tests
on proofreadng and copyreading.
Positions which students may try
out for are cub reporters, report
ers, and copyreaders.
A tryoutee period will be an
nounced soon for students who
wish to try out for positions on
the editorial staff of the Daily.
During this period trvoutees are
required to write sample stories,
study Daily rules, and pass tests
on proofreadng and copyreading.
Positions which students may try
out for are cub reporters, report
ers, and copyreaders.
A tryoutee period will be an
nounced soon for students who
wish to try out for positions on
the editorial staff of the Daily.
During this period trvoutees are
required to write sample stories,
study Daily rules, and pass tests
on proofreadng and copyreading.
Positions which students may try
out for are cub reporters, report
ers, and copyreaders.
A tryoutee period will be an
nounced soon for students who
wish to try out for positions on
the editorial staff of the Daily.
During this period trvoutees are
required to write sample stories,
study Daily rules, and pass tests
on proofreadng and copyreading.
Positions which students may try
out for are cub reporters, report
ers, and copyreaders.
A tryoutee period will be an
nounced soon for students who
wish to try out for positions on
the editorial staff of the Daily.
During this period trvoutees are
required to write sample stories,
study Daily rules, and pass tests
on proofreadng and copyreading.
Positions which students may try
out for are cub reporters, report
ers, and copyreaders.
A tryoutee period will be an
nounced soon for students who
wish to try out for positions on
the editorial staff of the Daily.
During this period trvoutees are
required to write sample stories,
study Daily rules, and pass tests
on proofreadng and copyreading.
Positions which students may try
out for are cub reporters, report
ers, and copyreaders.
A tryoutee period will be an
nounced soon for students who
wish to try out for positions on
the editorial staff of the Daily.
During this period trvoutees are
required to write sample stories,
study Daily rules, and pass tests
on proofreadng and copyreading.
Positions which students may try
out for are cub reporters, report
ers, and copyreaders.
A tryoutee period will be an
nounced soon for students who
wish to try out for positions on
the editorial staff of the Daily.
During this period trvoutees are
required to write sample stories,
study Daily rules, and pass tests
on proofreadng and copyreading.
Positions which students may try
out for are cub reporters, report
ers, and copyreaders.
A tryoutee period will be an
nounced soon for students who
wish to try out for positions on
the editorial staff of the Daily.
During this period trvoutees are
required to write sample stories,
study Daily rules, and pass tests
on proofreadng and copyreading.
Positions which students may try
out for are cub reporters, report
ers, and copyreaders.
A tryoutee period will be an
nounced soon for students who
wish to try out for positions on
the editorial staff of the Daily.
During this period trvoutees are
required to write sample stories,
study Daily rules, and pass tests
on proofreadng and copyreading.
Positions which students may try
out for are cub reporters, report
ers, and copyreaders.
A tryoutee period will be an
nounced soon for students who
wish to try out for positions on
the editorial staff of the Daily.
During this period trvoutees are
required to write sample stories,
study Daily rules, and pass tests
on proofreadng and copyreading.
Positions which students may try
out for are cub reporters, report
ers, and copyreaders.
A tryoutee period will be an
nounced soon for students who
wish to try out for positions on
the editorial staff of the Daily.
During this period trvoutees are
required to write sample stories,
study Daily rules, and pass tests
on proofreadng and copyreading.
Positions which students may try
out for are cub reporters, report
ers, and copyreaders.
A tryoutee period will be an
nounced soon for students who
wish to try out for positions on
the editorial staff of the Daily.
During this period trvoutees are
required to write sample stories,
study Daily rules, and pass tests
on proofreadng and copyreading.
Positions which students may try
out for are cub reporters, report
ers, and copyreaders.
A tryoutee period will be an
nounced soon for students who
wish to try out for positions on
the editorial staff of the Daily.
During this period trvoutees are
required to write sample stories,
study Daily rules, and pass tests
on proofreadng and copyreading.
Positions which students may try
out for are cub reporters, report
ers, and copyreaders.
A tryoutee period will be an
nounced soon for students who
wish to try out for positions on
the editorial staff of the Daily.
During this period trvoutees are
required to write sample stories,
study Daily rules, and pass tests
on proofreadng and copyreading.
Positions which students may try
out for are cub reporters, report
ers, and copyreaders.
