# CHRISTIAN GROUP MEETS
## 
### 
All students are invited to attend
the first meeting this quarter of the
Stanford Inter-Varsity Christian
group. The meeting will be held
tonight at 8 in the Vestry of the
Memorial Chapel.
All students are invited to attend
the first meeting this quarter of the
Stanford Inter-Varsity Christian
group. The meeting will be held
tonight at 8 in the Vestry of the
Memorial Chapel.
All students are invited to attend
the first meeting this quarter of the
Stanford Inter-Varsity Christian
group. The meeting will be held
tonight at 8 in the Vestry of the
Memorial Chapel.
All students are invited to attend
the first meeting this quarter of the
Stanford Inter-Varsity Christian
group. The meeting will be held
tonight at 8 in the Vestry of the
Memorial Chapel.
All students are invited to attend
the first meeting this quarter of the
Stanford Inter-Varsity Christian
group. The meeting will be held
tonight at 8 in the Vestry of the
Memorial Chapel.
All students are invited to attend
the first meeting this quarter of the
Stanford Inter-Varsity Christian
group. The meeting will be held
tonight at 8 in the Vestry of the
Memorial Chapel.
All students are invited to attend
the first meeting this quarter of the
Stanford Inter-Varsity Christian
group. The meeting will be held
tonight at 8 in the Vestry of the
Memorial Chapel.
All students are invited to attend
the first meeting this quarter of the
Stanford Inter-Varsity Christian
group. The meeting will be held
tonight at 8 in the Vestry of the
Memorial Chapel.
All students are invited to attend
the first meeting this quarter of the
Stanford Inter-Varsity Christian
group. The meeting will be held
tonight at 8 in the Vestry of the
Memorial Chapel.
All students are invited to attend
the first meeting this quarter of the
Stanford Inter-Varsity Christian
group. The meeting will be held
tonight at 8 in the Vestry of the
Memorial Chapel.
All students are invited to attend
the first meeting this quarter of the
Stanford Inter-Varsity Christian
group. The meeting will be held
tonight at 8 in the Vestry of the
Memorial Chapel.
All students are invited to attend
the first meeting this quarter of the
Stanford Inter-Varsity Christian
group. The meeting will be held
tonight at 8 in the Vestry of the
Memorial Chapel.
All students are invited to attend
the first meeting this quarter of the
Stanford Inter-Varsity Christian
group. The meeting will be held
tonight at 8 in the Vestry of the
Memorial Chapel.
All students are invited to attend
the first meeting this quarter of the
Stanford Inter-Varsity Christian
group. The meeting will be held
tonight at 8 in the Vestry of the
Memorial Chapel.
All students are invited to attend
the first meeting this quarter of the
Stanford Inter-Varsity Christian
group. The meeting will be held
tonight at 8 in the Vestry of the
Memorial Chapel.
