# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Universisy Sermon. — The Uni
versity sermon for Sunday, March
16th, will be delivered by Rev.
John Hemphill, D I)., of San Fran
cisco on ''Some Characteristics of
Our Times."
Universisy Sermon. — The Uni
versity sermon for Sunday, March
16th, will be delivered by Rev.
John Hemphill, D I)., of San Fran
cisco on ''Some Characteristics of
Our Times."
Universisy Sermon. — The Uni
versity sermon for Sunday, March
16th, will be delivered by Rev.
John Hemphill, D I)., of San Fran
cisco on ''Some Characteristics of
Our Times."
Universisy Sermon. — The Uni
versity sermon for Sunday, March
16th, will be delivered by Rev.
John Hemphill, D I)., of San Fran
cisco on ''Some Characteristics of
Our Times."
Universisy Sermon. — The Uni
versity sermon for Sunday, March
16th, will be delivered by Rev.
John Hemphill, D I)., of San Fran
cisco on ''Some Characteristics of
Our Times."
Universisy Sermon. — The Uni
versity sermon for Sunday, March
16th, will be delivered by Rev.
John Hemphill, D I)., of San Fran
cisco on ''Some Characteristics of
Our Times."
Universisy Sermon. — The Uni
versity sermon for Sunday, March
16th, will be delivered by Rev.
John Hemphill, D I)., of San Fran
cisco on ''Some Characteristics of
Our Times."
