# To Play for the Belt.
## 
### 
The final game for the University
handball championship will he
played tomorrow at 2:15 p.m. be
tween W. F. Dunn, '04, the present
holder of the belt, and 11. Martin.
The last of the preliminary games
were played off Tuesday when Lunt,
'04, won from Smith, '02, 21-20,
19-21, 21-7. Dunn defeated Lunt,
21-15 and 21-12, winning the '04
championship. The other class
champions are Paul Smith, '02, H.
Martin, '03, and C. B. Hopper, '05.
S. P. Frisselle, '03, and who was
certain of making a good showing
for the belt,has withdrawn from the
tournament on account of the recent
death of his mother.
The final game for the University
handball championship will he
played tomorrow at 2:15 p.m. be
tween W. F. Dunn, '04, the present
holder of the belt, and 11. Martin.
The last of the preliminary games
were played off Tuesday when Lunt,
'04, won from Smith, '02, 21-20,
19-21, 21-7. Dunn defeated Lunt,
21-15 and 21-12, winning the '04
championship. The other class
champions are Paul Smith, '02, H.
Martin, '03, and C. B. Hopper, '05.
S. P. Frisselle, '03, and who was
certain of making a good showing
for the belt,has withdrawn from the
tournament on account of the recent
death of his mother.
The final game for the University
handball championship will he
played tomorrow at 2:15 p.m. be
tween W. F. Dunn, '04, the present
holder of the belt, and 11. Martin.
The last of the preliminary games
were played off Tuesday when Lunt,
'04, won from Smith, '02, 21-20,
19-21, 21-7. Dunn defeated Lunt,
21-15 and 21-12, winning the '04
championship. The other class
champions are Paul Smith, '02, H.
Martin, '03, and C. B. Hopper, '05.
S. P. Frisselle, '03, and who was
certain of making a good showing
for the belt,has withdrawn from the
tournament on account of the recent
death of his mother.
The final game for the University
handball championship will he
played tomorrow at 2:15 p.m. be
tween W. F. Dunn, '04, the present
holder of the belt, and 11. Martin.
The last of the preliminary games
were played off Tuesday when Lunt,
'04, won from Smith, '02, 21-20,
19-21, 21-7. Dunn defeated Lunt,
21-15 and 21-12, winning the '04
championship. The other class
champions are Paul Smith, '02, H.
Martin, '03, and C. B. Hopper, '05.
S. P. Frisselle, '03, and who was
certain of making a good showing
for the belt,has withdrawn from the
tournament on account of the recent
death of his mother.
The final game for the University
handball championship will he
played tomorrow at 2:15 p.m. be
tween W. F. Dunn, '04, the present
holder of the belt, and 11. Martin.
The last of the preliminary games
were played off Tuesday when Lunt,
'04, won from Smith, '02, 21-20,
19-21, 21-7. Dunn defeated Lunt,
21-15 and 21-12, winning the '04
championship. The other class
champions are Paul Smith, '02, H.
Martin, '03, and C. B. Hopper, '05.
S. P. Frisselle, '03, and who was
certain of making a good showing
for the belt,has withdrawn from the
tournament on account of the recent
death of his mother.
The final game for the University
handball championship will he
played tomorrow at 2:15 p.m. be
tween W. F. Dunn, '04, the present
holder of the belt, and 11. Martin.
The last of the preliminary games
were played off Tuesday when Lunt,
'04, won from Smith, '02, 21-20,
19-21, 21-7. Dunn defeated Lunt,
21-15 and 21-12, winning the '04
championship. The other class
champions are Paul Smith, '02, H.
Martin, '03, and C. B. Hopper, '05.
S. P. Frisselle, '03, and who was
certain of making a good showing
for the belt,has withdrawn from the
tournament on account of the recent
death of his mother.
The final game for the University
handball championship will he
played tomorrow at 2:15 p.m. be
tween W. F. Dunn, '04, the present
holder of the belt, and 11. Martin.
The last of the preliminary games
were played off Tuesday when Lunt,
'04, won from Smith, '02, 21-20,
19-21, 21-7. Dunn defeated Lunt,
21-15 and 21-12, winning the '04
championship. The other class
champions are Paul Smith, '02, H.
Martin, '03, and C. B. Hopper, '05.
S. P. Frisselle, '03, and who was
certain of making a good showing
for the belt,has withdrawn from the
tournament on account of the recent
death of his mother.
