# Adv. 14 Page 3
## 
### 
STATIONERY
CARDS
TICKETS
AND
GENERAL PRINTING
•
QUALITY WORK
AT
REASONABLE PRICES
•
W. E. NEILSON
and SON
PUBLISHERS AND
COMMERCIAL PRINTERS
632 EMERSON P.A. 7711
PERSONALIZED
Christmas Cards
PRICED FROM
25 CARDS 1.39 AND UP
COMPLETE LINE OF
BOX CARDS AS LOW AS
12 FOR 39c
Large assortment of indi
vidual cards for all mem
bers of the family, sweet
heart and general.
Select your Xmas wrappings
now. Ask for your free copy
of Tony Wons Date Book.
David Keeble
323 University P.A. 7204
FOR
RAINY SEASON
Entertainment
Let us put- your
Radio in A1
shape
Expert Service On
Home and Auto Radios
GENERAL
RADIO SHOP
645 Ramona Ph.: 2-3055
STATIONERY
CARDS
TICKETS
AND
GENERAL PRINTING
•
QUALITY WORK
AT
REASONABLE PRICES
•
W. E. NEILSON
and SON
PUBLISHERS AND
COMMERCIAL PRINTERS
632 EMERSON P.A. 7711
PERSONALIZED
Christmas Cards
PRICED FROM
25 CARDS 1.39 AND UP
COMPLETE LINE OF
BOX CARDS AS LOW AS
12 FOR 39c
Large assortment of indi
vidual cards for all mem
bers of the family, sweet
heart and general.
Select your Xmas wrappings
now. Ask for your free copy
of Tony Wons Date Book.
David Keeble
323 University P.A. 7204
FOR
RAINY SEASON
Entertainment
Let us put- your
Radio in A1
shape
Expert Service On
Home and Auto Radios
GENERAL
RADIO SHOP
645 Ramona Ph.: 2-3055
STATIONERY
CARDS
TICKETS
AND
GENERAL PRINTING
•
QUALITY WORK
AT
REASONABLE PRICES
•
W. E. NEILSON
and SON
PUBLISHERS AND
COMMERCIAL PRINTERS
632 EMERSON P.A. 7711
PERSONALIZED
Christmas Cards
PRICED FROM
25 CARDS 1.39 AND UP
COMPLETE LINE OF
BOX CARDS AS LOW AS
12 FOR 39c
Large assortment of indi
vidual cards for all mem
bers of the family, sweet
heart and general.
Select your Xmas wrappings
now. Ask for your free copy
of Tony Wons Date Book.
David Keeble
323 University P.A. 7204
FOR
RAINY SEASON
Entertainment
Let us put- your
Radio in A1
shape
Expert Service On
Home and Auto Radios
GENERAL
RADIO SHOP
645 Ramona Ph.: 2-3055
STATIONERY
CARDS
TICKETS
AND
GENERAL PRINTING
•
QUALITY WORK
AT
REASONABLE PRICES
•
W. E. NEILSON
and SON
PUBLISHERS AND
COMMERCIAL PRINTERS
632 EMERSON P.A. 7711
PERSONALIZED
Christmas Cards
PRICED FROM
25 CARDS 1.39 AND UP
COMPLETE LINE OF
BOX CARDS AS LOW AS
12 FOR 39c
Large assortment of indi
vidual cards for all mem
bers of the family, sweet
heart and general.
Select your Xmas wrappings
now. Ask for your free copy
of Tony Wons Date Book.
David Keeble
323 University P.A. 7204
FOR
RAINY SEASON
Entertainment
Let us put- your
Radio in A1
shape
Expert Service On
Home and Auto Radios
GENERAL
RADIO SHOP
645 Ramona Ph.: 2-3055
STATIONERY
CARDS
TICKETS
AND
GENERAL PRINTING
•
QUALITY WORK
AT
REASONABLE PRICES
•
W. E. NEILSON
and SON
PUBLISHERS AND
COMMERCIAL PRINTERS
632 EMERSON P.A. 7711
PERSONALIZED
Christmas Cards
PRICED FROM
25 CARDS 1.39 AND UP
COMPLETE LINE OF
BOX CARDS AS LOW AS
12 FOR 39c
Large assortment of indi
vidual cards for all mem
bers of the family, sweet
heart and general.
Select your Xmas wrappings
now. Ask for your free copy
of Tony Wons Date Book.
David Keeble
323 University P.A. 7204
FOR
RAINY SEASON
Entertainment
Let us put- your
Radio in A1
shape
Expert Service On
Home and Auto Radios
GENERAL
RADIO SHOP
645 Ramona Ph.: 2-3055
STATIONERY
CARDS
TICKETS
AND
GENERAL PRINTING
•
QUALITY WORK
AT
REASONABLE PRICES
•
W. E. NEILSON
and SON
PUBLISHERS AND
COMMERCIAL PRINTERS
632 EMERSON P.A. 7711
PERSONALIZED
Christmas Cards
PRICED FROM
25 CARDS 1.39 AND UP
COMPLETE LINE OF
BOX CARDS AS LOW AS
12 FOR 39c
Large assortment of indi
vidual cards for all mem
bers of the family, sweet
heart and general.
Select your Xmas wrappings
now. Ask for your free copy
of Tony Wons Date Book.
David Keeble
323 University P.A. 7204
FOR
RAINY SEASON
Entertainment
Let us put- your
Radio in A1
shape
Expert Service On
Home and Auto Radios
GENERAL
RADIO SHOP
645 Ramona Ph.: 2-3055
STATIONERY
CARDS
TICKETS
AND
GENERAL PRINTING
•
QUALITY WORK
AT
REASONABLE PRICES
•
W. E. NEILSON
and SON
PUBLISHERS AND
COMMERCIAL PRINTERS
632 EMERSON P.A. 7711
PERSONALIZED
Christmas Cards
PRICED FROM
25 CARDS 1.39 AND UP
COMPLETE LINE OF
BOX CARDS AS LOW AS
12 FOR 39c
Large assortment of indi
vidual cards for all mem
bers of the family, sweet
heart and general.
Select your Xmas wrappings
now. Ask for your free copy
of Tony Wons Date Book.
David Keeble
323 University P.A. 7204
FOR
RAINY SEASON
Entertainment
Let us put- your
Radio in A1
shape
Expert Service On
Home and Auto Radios
GENERAL
RADIO SHOP
645 Ramona Ph.: 2-3055
STATIONERY
CARDS
TICKETS
AND
GENERAL PRINTING
•
QUALITY WORK
AT
REASONABLE PRICES
•
W. E. NEILSON
and SON
PUBLISHERS AND
COMMERCIAL PRINTERS
632 EMERSON P.A. 7711
PERSONALIZED
Christmas Cards
PRICED FROM
25 CARDS 1.39 AND UP
COMPLETE LINE OF
BOX CARDS AS LOW AS
12 FOR 39c
Large assortment of indi
vidual cards for all mem
bers of the family, sweet
heart and general.
Select your Xmas wrappings
now. Ask for your free copy
of Tony Wons Date Book.
David Keeble
323 University P.A. 7204
FOR
RAINY SEASON
Entertainment
Let us put- your
Radio in A1
shape
Expert Service On
Home and Auto Radios
GENERAL
RADIO SHOP
645 Ramona Ph.: 2-3055
STATIONERY
CARDS
TICKETS
AND
GENERAL PRINTING
•
QUALITY WORK
AT
REASONABLE PRICES
•
W. E. NEILSON
and SON
PUBLISHERS AND
COMMERCIAL PRINTERS
632 EMERSON P.A. 7711
PERSONALIZED
Christmas Cards
PRICED FROM
25 CARDS 1.39 AND UP
COMPLETE LINE OF
BOX CARDS AS LOW AS
12 FOR 39c
Large assortment of indi
vidual cards for all mem
bers of the family, sweet
heart and general.
Select your Xmas wrappings
now. Ask for your free copy
of Tony Wons Date Book.
David Keeble
323 University P.A. 7204
FOR
RAINY SEASON
Entertainment
Let us put- your
Radio in A1
shape
Expert Service On
Home and Auto Radios
GENERAL
RADIO SHOP
645 Ramona Ph.: 2-3055
STATIONERY
CARDS
TICKETS
AND
GENERAL PRINTING
•
QUALITY WORK
AT
REASONABLE PRICES
•
W. E. NEILSON
and SON
PUBLISHERS AND
COMMERCIAL PRINTERS
632 EMERSON P.A. 7711
PERSONALIZED
Christmas Cards
PRICED FROM
25 CARDS 1.39 AND UP
COMPLETE LINE OF
BOX CARDS AS LOW AS
12 FOR 39c
Large assortment of indi
vidual cards for all mem
bers of the family, sweet
heart and general.
Select your Xmas wrappings
now. Ask for your free copy
of Tony Wons Date Book.
David Keeble
323 University P.A. 7204
FOR
RAINY SEASON
Entertainment
Let us put- your
Radio in A1
shape
Expert Service On
Home and Auto Radios
GENERAL
RADIO SHOP
645 Ramona Ph.: 2-3055
STATIONERY
CARDS
TICKETS
AND
GENERAL PRINTING
•
QUALITY WORK
AT
REASONABLE PRICES
•
W. E. NEILSON
and SON
PUBLISHERS AND
COMMERCIAL PRINTERS
632 EMERSON P.A. 7711
PERSONALIZED
Christmas Cards
PRICED FROM
25 CARDS 1.39 AND UP
COMPLETE LINE OF
BOX CARDS AS LOW AS
12 FOR 39c
Large assortment of indi
vidual cards for all mem
bers of the family, sweet
heart and general.
Select your Xmas wrappings
now. Ask for your free copy
of Tony Wons Date Book.
David Keeble
323 University P.A. 7204
FOR
RAINY SEASON
Entertainment
Let us put- your
Radio in A1
shape
Expert Service On
Home and Auto Radios
GENERAL
RADIO SHOP
645 Ramona Ph.: 2-3055
STATIONERY
CARDS
TICKETS
AND
GENERAL PRINTING
•
QUALITY WORK
AT
REASONABLE PRICES
•
W. E. NEILSON
and SON
PUBLISHERS AND
COMMERCIAL PRINTERS
632 EMERSON P.A. 7711
PERSONALIZED
Christmas Cards
PRICED FROM
25 CARDS 1.39 AND UP
COMPLETE LINE OF
BOX CARDS AS LOW AS
12 FOR 39c
Large assortment of indi
vidual cards for all mem
bers of the family, sweet
heart and general.
Select your Xmas wrappings
now. Ask for your free copy
of Tony Wons Date Book.
David Keeble
323 University P.A. 7204
FOR
RAINY SEASON
Entertainment
Let us put- your
Radio in A1
shape
Expert Service On
Home and Auto Radios
GENERAL
RADIO SHOP
645 Ramona Ph.: 2-3055
STATIONERY
CARDS
TICKETS
AND
GENERAL PRINTING
•
QUALITY WORK
AT
REASONABLE PRICES
•
W. E. NEILSON
and SON
PUBLISHERS AND
COMMERCIAL PRINTERS
632 EMERSON P.A. 7711
PERSONALIZED
Christmas Cards
PRICED FROM
25 CARDS 1.39 AND UP
COMPLETE LINE OF
BOX CARDS AS LOW AS
12 FOR 39c
Large assortment of indi
vidual cards for all mem
bers of the family, sweet
heart and general.
Select your Xmas wrappings
now. Ask for your free copy
of Tony Wons Date Book.
David Keeble
323 University P.A. 7204
FOR
RAINY SEASON
Entertainment
Let us put- your
Radio in A1
shape
Expert Service On
Home and Auto Radios
GENERAL
RADIO SHOP
645 Ramona Ph.: 2-3055
STATIONERY
CARDS
TICKETS
AND
GENERAL PRINTING
•
QUALITY WORK
AT
REASONABLE PRICES
•
W. E. NEILSON
and SON
PUBLISHERS AND
COMMERCIAL PRINTERS
632 EMERSON P.A. 7711
PERSONALIZED
Christmas Cards
PRICED FROM
25 CARDS 1.39 AND UP
COMPLETE LINE OF
BOX CARDS AS LOW AS
12 FOR 39c
Large assortment of indi
vidual cards for all mem
bers of the family, sweet
heart and general.
Select your Xmas wrappings
now. Ask for your free copy
of Tony Wons Date Book.
David Keeble
323 University P.A. 7204
FOR
RAINY SEASON
Entertainment
Let us put- your
Radio in A1
shape
Expert Service On
Home and Auto Radios
GENERAL
RADIO SHOP
645 Ramona Ph.: 2-3055
STATIONERY
CARDS
TICKETS
AND
GENERAL PRINTING
•
QUALITY WORK
AT
REASONABLE PRICES
•
W. E. NEILSON
and SON
PUBLISHERS AND
COMMERCIAL PRINTERS
632 EMERSON P.A. 7711
PERSONALIZED
Christmas Cards
PRICED FROM
25 CARDS 1.39 AND UP
COMPLETE LINE OF
BOX CARDS AS LOW AS
12 FOR 39c
Large assortment of indi
vidual cards for all mem
bers of the family, sweet
heart and general.
Select your Xmas wrappings
now. Ask for your free copy
of Tony Wons Date Book.
David Keeble
323 University P.A. 7204
FOR
RAINY SEASON
Entertainment
Let us put- your
Radio in A1
shape
Expert Service On
Home and Auto Radios
GENERAL
RADIO SHOP
645 Ramona Ph.: 2-3055
STATIONERY
CARDS
TICKETS
AND
GENERAL PRINTING
•
QUALITY WORK
AT
REASONABLE PRICES
•
W. E. NEILSON
and SON
PUBLISHERS AND
COMMERCIAL PRINTERS
632 EMERSON P.A. 7711
PERSONALIZED
Christmas Cards
PRICED FROM
25 CARDS 1.39 AND UP
COMPLETE LINE OF
BOX CARDS AS LOW AS
12 FOR 39c
Large assortment of indi
vidual cards for all mem
bers of the family, sweet
heart and general.
Select your Xmas wrappings
now. Ask for your free copy
of Tony Wons Date Book.
David Keeble
323 University P.A. 7204
FOR
RAINY SEASON
Entertainment
Let us put- your
Radio in A1
shape
Expert Service On
Home and Auto Radios
GENERAL
RADIO SHOP
645 Ramona Ph.: 2-3055
STATIONERY
CARDS
TICKETS
AND
GENERAL PRINTING
•
QUALITY WORK
AT
REASONABLE PRICES
•
W. E. NEILSON
and SON
PUBLISHERS AND
COMMERCIAL PRINTERS
632 EMERSON P.A. 7711
PERSONALIZED
Christmas Cards
PRICED FROM
25 CARDS 1.39 AND UP
COMPLETE LINE OF
BOX CARDS AS LOW AS
12 FOR 39c
Large assortment of indi
vidual cards for all mem
bers of the family, sweet
heart and general.
Select your Xmas wrappings
now. Ask for your free copy
of Tony Wons Date Book.
David Keeble
323 University P.A. 7204
FOR
RAINY SEASON
Entertainment
Let us put- your
Radio in A1
shape
Expert Service On
Home and Auto Radios
GENERAL
RADIO SHOP
645 Ramona Ph.: 2-3055
STATIONERY
CARDS
TICKETS
AND
GENERAL PRINTING
•
QUALITY WORK
AT
REASONABLE PRICES
•
W. E. NEILSON
and SON
PUBLISHERS AND
COMMERCIAL PRINTERS
632 EMERSON P.A. 7711
PERSONALIZED
Christmas Cards
PRICED FROM
25 CARDS 1.39 AND UP
COMPLETE LINE OF
BOX CARDS AS LOW AS
12 FOR 39c
Large assortment of indi
vidual cards for all mem
bers of the family, sweet
heart and general.
Select your Xmas wrappings
now. Ask for your free copy
of Tony Wons Date Book.
David Keeble
323 University P.A. 7204
FOR
RAINY SEASON
Entertainment
Let us put- your
Radio in A1
shape
Expert Service On
Home and Auto Radios
GENERAL
RADIO SHOP
645 Ramona Ph.: 2-3055
