# Gaieties Technician Calls for Helpers
## 
### 
Art Hansen, technical director of
this year's Big Game "Gaieties, is
sued a call yesterday for men and
women interested in working on the
Gaieties technical crews to report to
the theater's workshop at 7:30 to
night. Lulu Hyatt also asked for
students interested in helping on the
costume crew to report Tuesday at 4,
Competition is now open for the
plaques offered to living groups con
tributing most to the production.
Art Hansen, technical director of
this year's Big Game "Gaieties, is
sued a call yesterday for men and
women interested in working on the
Gaieties technical crews to report to
the theater's workshop at 7:30 to
night. Lulu Hyatt also asked for
students interested in helping on the
costume crew to report Tuesday at 4,
Competition is now open for the
plaques offered to living groups con
tributing most to the production.
Art Hansen, technical director of
this year's Big Game "Gaieties, is
sued a call yesterday for men and
women interested in working on the
Gaieties technical crews to report to
the theater's workshop at 7:30 to
night. Lulu Hyatt also asked for
students interested in helping on the
costume crew to report Tuesday at 4,
Competition is now open for the
plaques offered to living groups con
tributing most to the production.
Art Hansen, technical director of
this year's Big Game "Gaieties, is
sued a call yesterday for men and
women interested in working on the
Gaieties technical crews to report to
the theater's workshop at 7:30 to
night. Lulu Hyatt also asked for
students interested in helping on the
costume crew to report Tuesday at 4,
Competition is now open for the
plaques offered to living groups con
tributing most to the production.
Art Hansen, technical director of
this year's Big Game "Gaieties, is
sued a call yesterday for men and
women interested in working on the
Gaieties technical crews to report to
the theater's workshop at 7:30 to
night. Lulu Hyatt also asked for
students interested in helping on the
costume crew to report Tuesday at 4,
Competition is now open for the
plaques offered to living groups con
tributing most to the production.
Art Hansen, technical director of
this year's Big Game "Gaieties, is
sued a call yesterday for men and
women interested in working on the
Gaieties technical crews to report to
the theater's workshop at 7:30 to
night. Lulu Hyatt also asked for
students interested in helping on the
costume crew to report Tuesday at 4,
Competition is now open for the
plaques offered to living groups con
tributing most to the production.
Art Hansen, technical director of
this year's Big Game "Gaieties, is
sued a call yesterday for men and
women interested in working on the
Gaieties technical crews to report to
the theater's workshop at 7:30 to
night. Lulu Hyatt also asked for
students interested in helping on the
costume crew to report Tuesday at 4,
Competition is now open for the
plaques offered to living groups con
tributing most to the production.
Art Hansen, technical director of
this year's Big Game "Gaieties, is
sued a call yesterday for men and
women interested in working on the
Gaieties technical crews to report to
the theater's workshop at 7:30 to
night. Lulu Hyatt also asked for
students interested in helping on the
costume crew to report Tuesday at 4,
Competition is now open for the
plaques offered to living groups con
tributing most to the production.
Art Hansen, technical director of
this year's Big Game "Gaieties, is
sued a call yesterday for men and
women interested in working on the
Gaieties technical crews to report to
the theater's workshop at 7:30 to
night. Lulu Hyatt also asked for
students interested in helping on the
costume crew to report Tuesday at 4,
Competition is now open for the
plaques offered to living groups con
tributing most to the production.
Art Hansen, technical director of
this year's Big Game "Gaieties, is
sued a call yesterday for men and
women interested in working on the
Gaieties technical crews to report to
the theater's workshop at 7:30 to
night. Lulu Hyatt also asked for
students interested in helping on the
costume crew to report Tuesday at 4,
Competition is now open for the
plaques offered to living groups con
tributing most to the production.
Art Hansen, technical director of
this year's Big Game "Gaieties, is
sued a call yesterday for men and
women interested in working on the
Gaieties technical crews to report to
the theater's workshop at 7:30 to
night. Lulu Hyatt also asked for
students interested in helping on the
costume crew to report Tuesday at 4,
Competition is now open for the
plaques offered to living groups con
tributing most to the production.
Art Hansen, technical director of
this year's Big Game "Gaieties, is
sued a call yesterday for men and
women interested in working on the
Gaieties technical crews to report to
the theater's workshop at 7:30 to
night. Lulu Hyatt also asked for
students interested in helping on the
costume crew to report Tuesday at 4,
Competition is now open for the
plaques offered to living groups con
tributing most to the production.
Art Hansen, technical director of
this year's Big Game "Gaieties, is
sued a call yesterday for men and
women interested in working on the
Gaieties technical crews to report to
the theater's workshop at 7:30 to
night. Lulu Hyatt also asked for
students interested in helping on the
costume crew to report Tuesday at 4,
Competition is now open for the
plaques offered to living groups con
tributing most to the production.
Art Hansen, technical director of
this year's Big Game "Gaieties, is
sued a call yesterday for men and
women interested in working on the
Gaieties technical crews to report to
the theater's workshop at 7:30 to
night. Lulu Hyatt also asked for
students interested in helping on the
costume crew to report Tuesday at 4,
Competition is now open for the
plaques offered to living groups con
tributing most to the production.
Art Hansen, technical director of
this year's Big Game "Gaieties, is
sued a call yesterday for men and
women interested in working on the
Gaieties technical crews to report to
the theater's workshop at 7:30 to
night. Lulu Hyatt also asked for
students interested in helping on the
costume crew to report Tuesday at 4,
Competition is now open for the
plaques offered to living groups con
tributing most to the production.
Art Hansen, technical director of
this year's Big Game "Gaieties, is
sued a call yesterday for men and
women interested in working on the
Gaieties technical crews to report to
the theater's workshop at 7:30 to
night. Lulu Hyatt also asked for
students interested in helping on the
costume crew to report Tuesday at 4,
Competition is now open for the
plaques offered to living groups con
tributing most to the production.
Art Hansen, technical director of
this year's Big Game "Gaieties, is
sued a call yesterday for men and
women interested in working on the
Gaieties technical crews to report to
the theater's workshop at 7:30 to
night. Lulu Hyatt also asked for
students interested in helping on the
costume crew to report Tuesday at 4,
Competition is now open for the
plaques offered to living groups con
tributing most to the production.
Art Hansen, technical director of
this year's Big Game "Gaieties, is
sued a call yesterday for men and
women interested in working on the
Gaieties technical crews to report to
the theater's workshop at 7:30 to
night. Lulu Hyatt also asked for
students interested in helping on the
costume crew to report Tuesday at 4,
Competition is now open for the
plaques offered to living groups con
tributing most to the production.
