# Chappie Plans Grid Mag
## 
### 
Move over, Grontland Rice.
It's true. The Old Boy has gone
into the All-American business, and
his picks should be the earliest and
most spectacular of the season.
You'll find them in the November
issue of the Stanford Chaparral,
which goes on sale Wednesday on
Outer Quad and at the Cellar and
Post Office.
Also to be found will be another
movie review, this time of the

year's potential Oscar - winner.
"Searsville Boulevard"; other foot
ball features; and two yuk pages
for the price of one, which is, as
always, 30 cents.
Among the grid features, you'll
also find a daring expos" of deca
dence on Kally Com and a scholarly
account of what happened on the
Black Friday when the bottom
dropped out of the market for foot
ball players.
