# Many Odd Jobs Open to Students
## 
### 
Students needing extra* Christ
mas money are urged to take odd
jobs now while they are plentiful,
according, to the Student Employ
ment Office.
At present there are many gar
dening, handyman, and miscella
neous types of jobs for an afternoon
or weekend.
The Employment Office still has
many part - time permanent jobs
available for men students. Jobs
include everything from a store
Santa Claus to tutoring conversa
tional Russian.
Among the jobs available are a
20-hour-a-week gardening job on
campus, a night janitor at a local
school, hospital attendants, and
clerking jobs in shoe stores and in
a drug store. A licensed lab tech
nician and a radio technician are
needed and also there is a call for
someone to do engineering compu
tations. For a student with after
noons free there is a chauffeuring
job. Several restaurants need men
for hashing and bus-bov work.
A number of jobs combining child
care and housework on a part-time
basis are available for women stu
dents.
Interested students should apply
immediately to the Student Em
ployment Office, Building 1, Inner
Quad.
