# VOLLEYBALL MANAGER
## 
### 
Girls who are interested in run
ning for intramural volleyball man
ager for 1951-52 should contact Vir
ginia Toney or Jane Myer, DA
2-2151, today. Those interested
must have a C average, must have
taken one quarter of volleyball at
Stanford, and have participated in
intramurals. Girls in volleyball
classes will be contacted in class.
Girls who are interested in run
ning for intramural volleyball man
ager for 1951-52 should contact Vir
ginia Toney or Jane Myer, DA
2-2151, today. Those interested
must have a C average, must have
taken one quarter of volleyball at
Stanford, and have participated in
intramurals. Girls in volleyball
classes will be contacted in class.
Girls who are interested in run
ning for intramural volleyball man
ager for 1951-52 should contact Vir
ginia Toney or Jane Myer, DA
2-2151, today. Those interested
must have a C average, must have
taken one quarter of volleyball at
Stanford, and have participated in
intramurals. Girls in volleyball
classes will be contacted in class.
Girls who are interested in run
ning for intramural volleyball man
ager for 1951-52 should contact Vir
ginia Toney or Jane Myer, DA
2-2151, today. Those interested
must have a C average, must have
taken one quarter of volleyball at
Stanford, and have participated in
intramurals. Girls in volleyball
classes will be contacted in class.
Girls who are interested in run
ning for intramural volleyball man
ager for 1951-52 should contact Vir
ginia Toney or Jane Myer, DA
2-2151, today. Those interested
must have a C average, must have
taken one quarter of volleyball at
Stanford, and have participated in
intramurals. Girls in volleyball
classes will be contacted in class.
Girls who are interested in run
ning for intramural volleyball man
ager for 1951-52 should contact Vir
ginia Toney or Jane Myer, DA
2-2151, today. Those interested
must have a C average, must have
taken one quarter of volleyball at
Stanford, and have participated in
intramurals. Girls in volleyball
classes will be contacted in class.
Girls who are interested in run
ning for intramural volleyball man
ager for 1951-52 should contact Vir
ginia Toney or Jane Myer, DA
2-2151, today. Those interested
must have a C average, must have
taken one quarter of volleyball at
Stanford, and have participated in
intramurals. Girls in volleyball
classes will be contacted in class.
Girls who are interested in run
ning for intramural volleyball man
ager for 1951-52 should contact Vir
ginia Toney or Jane Myer, DA
2-2151, today. Those interested
must have a C average, must have
taken one quarter of volleyball at
Stanford, and have participated in
intramurals. Girls in volleyball
classes will be contacted in class.
Girls who are interested in run
ning for intramural volleyball man
ager for 1951-52 should contact Vir
ginia Toney or Jane Myer, DA
2-2151, today. Those interested
must have a C average, must have
taken one quarter of volleyball at
Stanford, and have participated in
intramurals. Girls in volleyball
classes will be contacted in class.
Girls who are interested in run
ning for intramural volleyball man
ager for 1951-52 should contact Vir
ginia Toney or Jane Myer, DA
2-2151, today. Those interested
must have a C average, must have
taken one quarter of volleyball at
Stanford, and have participated in
intramurals. Girls in volleyball
classes will be contacted in class.
Girls who are interested in run
ning for intramural volleyball man
ager for 1951-52 should contact Vir
ginia Toney or Jane Myer, DA
2-2151, today. Those interested
must have a C average, must have
taken one quarter of volleyball at
Stanford, and have participated in
intramurals. Girls in volleyball
classes will be contacted in class.
Girls who are interested in run
ning for intramural volleyball man
ager for 1951-52 should contact Vir
ginia Toney or Jane Myer, DA
2-2151, today. Those interested
must have a C average, must have
taken one quarter of volleyball at
Stanford, and have participated in
intramurals. Girls in volleyball
classes will be contacted in class.
Girls who are interested in run
ning for intramural volleyball man
ager for 1951-52 should contact Vir
ginia Toney or Jane Myer, DA
2-2151, today. Those interested
must have a C average, must have
taken one quarter of volleyball at
Stanford, and have participated in
intramurals. Girls in volleyball
classes will be contacted in class.
Girls who are interested in run
ning for intramural volleyball man
ager for 1951-52 should contact Vir
ginia Toney or Jane Myer, DA
2-2151, today. Those interested
must have a C average, must have
taken one quarter of volleyball at
Stanford, and have participated in
intramurals. Girls in volleyball
classes will be contacted in class.
