# Bayley Will Lecture on Australia.
## 
### 
The second in the series of inter
esting lectures being given under the
auspices of the Cosmopolitan club,
will be held next Wednesday evening
in room 214 of the History building,
the exact hour to be announced later.
"Australia and New Zeland" is the
subject of the lecture, which will be
delivered by J. G. 9ayley, '09, the
president of the club. Bayley is a na
tive of Australia and thoroughly con
versant with his subject. He will
describe, with the aid of stereoptican
views, the varied natural resources
and magnificent sce.ery of those
wonderful countries, which are at
present attracting so much attention
As this lecture is tr, be open to the
public the club invites all those win
are interested in the subject to at
tend.
The second in the series of inter
esting lectures being given under the
auspices of the Cosmopolitan club,
will be held next Wednesday evening
in room 214 of the History building,
the exact hour to be announced later.
"Australia and New Zeland" is the
subject of the lecture, which will be
delivered by J. G. 9ayley, '09, the
president of the club. Bayley is a na
tive of Australia and thoroughly con
versant with his subject. He will
describe, with the aid of stereoptican
views, the varied natural resources
and magnificent sce.ery of those
wonderful countries, which are at
present attracting so much attention
As this lecture is tr, be open to the
public the club invites all those win
are interested in the subject to at
tend.
The second in the series of inter
esting lectures being given under the
auspices of the Cosmopolitan club,
will be held next Wednesday evening
in room 214 of the History building,
the exact hour to be announced later.
"Australia and New Zeland" is the
subject of the lecture, which will be
delivered by J. G. 9ayley, '09, the
president of the club. Bayley is a na
tive of Australia and thoroughly con
versant with his subject. He will
describe, with the aid of stereoptican
views, the varied natural resources
and magnificent sce.ery of those
wonderful countries, which are at
present attracting so much attention
As this lecture is tr, be open to the
public the club invites all those win
are interested in the subject to at
tend.
The second in the series of inter
esting lectures being given under the
auspices of the Cosmopolitan club,
will be held next Wednesday evening
in room 214 of the History building,
the exact hour to be announced later.
"Australia and New Zeland" is the
subject of the lecture, which will be
delivered by J. G. 9ayley, '09, the
president of the club. Bayley is a na
tive of Australia and thoroughly con
versant with his subject. He will
describe, with the aid of stereoptican
views, the varied natural resources
and magnificent sce.ery of those
wonderful countries, which are at
present attracting so much attention
As this lecture is tr, be open to the
public the club invites all those win
are interested in the subject to at
tend.
The second in the series of inter
esting lectures being given under the
auspices of the Cosmopolitan club,
will be held next Wednesday evening
in room 214 of the History building,
the exact hour to be announced later.
"Australia and New Zeland" is the
subject of the lecture, which will be
delivered by J. G. 9ayley, '09, the
president of the club. Bayley is a na
tive of Australia and thoroughly con
versant with his subject. He will
describe, with the aid of stereoptican
views, the varied natural resources
and magnificent sce.ery of those
wonderful countries, which are at
present attracting so much attention
As this lecture is tr, be open to the
public the club invites all those win
are interested in the subject to at
tend.
The second in the series of inter
esting lectures being given under the
auspices of the Cosmopolitan club,
will be held next Wednesday evening
in room 214 of the History building,
the exact hour to be announced later.
"Australia and New Zeland" is the
subject of the lecture, which will be
delivered by J. G. 9ayley, '09, the
president of the club. Bayley is a na
tive of Australia and thoroughly con
versant with his subject. He will
describe, with the aid of stereoptican
views, the varied natural resources
and magnificent sce.ery of those
wonderful countries, which are at
present attracting so much attention
As this lecture is tr, be open to the
public the club invites all those win
are interested in the subject to at
tend.
The second in the series of inter
esting lectures being given under the
auspices of the Cosmopolitan club,
will be held next Wednesday evening
in room 214 of the History building,
the exact hour to be announced later.
"Australia and New Zeland" is the
subject of the lecture, which will be
delivered by J. G. 9ayley, '09, the
president of the club. Bayley is a na
tive of Australia and thoroughly con
versant with his subject. He will
describe, with the aid of stereoptican
views, the varied natural resources
and magnificent sce.ery of those
wonderful countries, which are at
present attracting so much attention
As this lecture is tr, be open to the
public the club invites all those win
are interested in the subject to at
tend.
The second in the series of inter
esting lectures being given under the
auspices of the Cosmopolitan club,
will be held next Wednesday evening
in room 214 of the History building,
the exact hour to be announced later.
"Australia and New Zeland" is the
subject of the lecture, which will be
delivered by J. G. 9ayley, '09, the
president of the club. Bayley is a na
tive of Australia and thoroughly con
versant with his subject. He will
describe, with the aid of stereoptican
views, the varied natural resources
and magnificent sce.ery of those
wonderful countries, which are at
present attracting so much attention
As this lecture is tr, be open to the
public the club invites all those win
are interested in the subject to at
tend.
The second in the series of inter
esting lectures being given under the
auspices of the Cosmopolitan club,
will be held next Wednesday evening
in room 214 of the History building,
the exact hour to be announced later.
"Australia and New Zeland" is the
subject of the lecture, which will be
delivered by J. G. 9ayley, '09, the
president of the club. Bayley is a na
tive of Australia and thoroughly con
versant with his subject. He will
describe, with the aid of stereoptican
views, the varied natural resources
and magnificent sce.ery of those
wonderful countries, which are at
present attracting so much attention
As this lecture is tr, be open to the
public the club invites all those win
are interested in the subject to at
tend.
The second in the series of inter
esting lectures being given under the
auspices of the Cosmopolitan club,
will be held next Wednesday evening
in room 214 of the History building,
the exact hour to be announced later.
"Australia and New Zeland" is the
subject of the lecture, which will be
delivered by J. G. 9ayley, '09, the
president of the club. Bayley is a na
tive of Australia and thoroughly con
versant with his subject. He will
describe, with the aid of stereoptican
views, the varied natural resources
and magnificent sce.ery of those
wonderful countries, which are at
present attracting so much attention
As this lecture is tr, be open to the
public the club invites all those win
are interested in the subject to at
tend.
