# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
WORK IN
HAWAII
THIS
SUMMER!
Names & aadresses
available for 100 Hawaii
businesses regularly hiring
students. Send $4 and
stamped, self-addressed
envelope to Student
Advisors, Box 263,
Cupertino, CA 95015
WORK IN
HAWAII
THIS
SUMMER!
Names & aadresses
available for 100 Hawaii
businesses regularly hiring
students. Send $4 and
stamped, self-addressed
envelope to Student
Advisors, Box 263,
Cupertino, CA 95015
WORK IN
HAWAII
THIS
SUMMER!
Names & aadresses
available for 100 Hawaii
businesses regularly hiring
students. Send $4 and
stamped, self-addressed
envelope to Student
Advisors, Box 263,
Cupertino, CA 95015
WORK IN
HAWAII
THIS
SUMMER!
Names & aadresses
available for 100 Hawaii
businesses regularly hiring
students. Send $4 and
stamped, self-addressed
envelope to Student
Advisors, Box 263,
Cupertino, CA 95015
WORK IN
HAWAII
THIS
SUMMER!
Names & aadresses
available for 100 Hawaii
businesses regularly hiring
students. Send $4 and
stamped, self-addressed
envelope to Student
Advisors, Box 263,
Cupertino, CA 95015
WORK IN
HAWAII
THIS
SUMMER!
Names & aadresses
available for 100 Hawaii
businesses regularly hiring
students. Send $4 and
stamped, self-addressed
envelope to Student
Advisors, Box 263,
Cupertino, CA 95015
WORK IN
HAWAII
THIS
SUMMER!
Names & aadresses
available for 100 Hawaii
businesses regularly hiring
students. Send $4 and
stamped, self-addressed
envelope to Student
Advisors, Box 263,
Cupertino, CA 95015
WORK IN
HAWAII
THIS
SUMMER!
Names & aadresses
available for 100 Hawaii
businesses regularly hiring
students. Send $4 and
stamped, self-addressed
envelope to Student
Advisors, Box 263,
Cupertino, CA 95015
WORK IN
HAWAII
THIS
SUMMER!
Names & aadresses
available for 100 Hawaii
businesses regularly hiring
students. Send $4 and
stamped, self-addressed
envelope to Student
Advisors, Box 263,
Cupertino, CA 95015
