# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Flag waving
John Braun of Pax Christi, a Catholic Peace Organization, waved Old
Glory as he waited near Hoover Tower for the start of Saturday's 'Run
for Life'. The run, which was not a race, symbolized unity against nucle
ar war and was the opening event for Ground Zero Week activites in this
area.

Flag waving
John Braun of Pax Christi, a Catholic Peace Organization, waved Old
Glory as he waited near Hoover Tower for the start of Saturday's 'Run
for Life'. The run, which was not a race, symbolized unity against nucle
ar war and was the opening event for Ground Zero Week activites in this
area.

Flag waving
John Braun of Pax Christi, a Catholic Peace Organization, waved Old
Glory as he waited near Hoover Tower for the start of Saturday's 'Run
for Life'. The run, which was not a race, symbolized unity against nucle
ar war and was the opening event for Ground Zero Week activites in this
area.

Flag waving
John Braun of Pax Christi, a Catholic Peace Organization, waved Old
Glory as he waited near Hoover Tower for the start of Saturday's 'Run
for Life'. The run, which was not a race, symbolized unity against nucle
ar war and was the opening event for Ground Zero Week activites in this
area.

Flag waving
John Braun of Pax Christi, a Catholic Peace Organization, waved Old
Glory as he waited near Hoover Tower for the start of Saturday's 'Run
for Life'. The run, which was not a race, symbolized unity against nucle
ar war and was the opening event for Ground Zero Week activites in this
area.

Flag waving
John Braun of Pax Christi, a Catholic Peace Organization, waved Old
Glory as he waited near Hoover Tower for the start of Saturday's 'Run
for Life'. The run, which was not a race, symbolized unity against nucle
ar war and was the opening event for Ground Zero Week activites in this
area.

Flag waving
John Braun of Pax Christi, a Catholic Peace Organization, waved Old
Glory as he waited near Hoover Tower for the start of Saturday's 'Run
for Life'. The run, which was not a race, symbolized unity against nucle
ar war and was the opening event for Ground Zero Week activites in this
area.

Flag waving
John Braun of Pax Christi, a Catholic Peace Organization, waved Old
Glory as he waited near Hoover Tower for the start of Saturday's 'Run
for Life'. The run, which was not a race, symbolized unity against nucle
ar war and was the opening event for Ground Zero Week activites in this
area.

Flag waving
John Braun of Pax Christi, a Catholic Peace Organization, waved Old
Glory as he waited near Hoover Tower for the start of Saturday's 'Run
for Life'. The run, which was not a race, symbolized unity against nucle
ar war and was the opening event for Ground Zero Week activites in this
area.
