# Bill Deadline Set
## 
### 
The deadline for paying Uni
versity room and board bills be
fore paying an extra fee is Octo
ber 9, according to the Control
ler's Office.
Payment should be made be
tween 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
Cashier's Office, Eneina Hall.
Check accompanied by the state
ment may be mailed to the Cash
ier's Office no later than Octo
ber 9.
The deadline for paying Uni
versity room and board bills be
fore paying an extra fee is Octo
ber 9, according to the Control
ler's Office.
Payment should be made be
tween 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
Cashier's Office, Eneina Hall.
Check accompanied by the state
ment may be mailed to the Cash
ier's Office no later than Octo
ber 9.
The deadline for paying Uni
versity room and board bills be
fore paying an extra fee is Octo
ber 9, according to the Control
ler's Office.
Payment should be made be
tween 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
Cashier's Office, Eneina Hall.
Check accompanied by the state
ment may be mailed to the Cash
ier's Office no later than Octo
ber 9.
The deadline for paying Uni
versity room and board bills be
fore paying an extra fee is Octo
ber 9, according to the Control
ler's Office.
Payment should be made be
tween 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
Cashier's Office, Eneina Hall.
Check accompanied by the state
ment may be mailed to the Cash
ier's Office no later than Octo
ber 9.
The deadline for paying Uni
versity room and board bills be
fore paying an extra fee is Octo
ber 9, according to the Control
ler's Office.
Payment should be made be
tween 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
Cashier's Office, Eneina Hall.
Check accompanied by the state
ment may be mailed to the Cash
ier's Office no later than Octo
ber 9.
The deadline for paying Uni
versity room and board bills be
fore paying an extra fee is Octo
ber 9, according to the Control
ler's Office.
Payment should be made be
tween 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
Cashier's Office, Eneina Hall.
Check accompanied by the state
ment may be mailed to the Cash
ier's Office no later than Octo
ber 9.
The deadline for paying Uni
versity room and board bills be
fore paying an extra fee is Octo
ber 9, according to the Control
ler's Office.
Payment should be made be
tween 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
Cashier's Office, Eneina Hall.
Check accompanied by the state
ment may be mailed to the Cash
ier's Office no later than Octo
ber 9.
The deadline for paying Uni
versity room and board bills be
fore paying an extra fee is Octo
ber 9, according to the Control
ler's Office.
Payment should be made be
tween 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
Cashier's Office, Eneina Hall.
Check accompanied by the state
ment may be mailed to the Cash
ier's Office no later than Octo
ber 9.
The deadline for paying Uni
versity room and board bills be
fore paying an extra fee is Octo
ber 9, according to the Control
ler's Office.
Payment should be made be
tween 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
Cashier's Office, Eneina Hall.
Check accompanied by the state
ment may be mailed to the Cash
ier's Office no later than Octo
ber 9.
The deadline for paying Uni
versity room and board bills be
fore paying an extra fee is Octo
ber 9, according to the Control
ler's Office.
Payment should be made be
tween 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
Cashier's Office, Eneina Hall.
Check accompanied by the state
ment may be mailed to the Cash
ier's Office no later than Octo
ber 9.
The deadline for paying Uni
versity room and board bills be
fore paying an extra fee is Octo
ber 9, according to the Control
ler's Office.
Payment should be made be
tween 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
Cashier's Office, Eneina Hall.
Check accompanied by the state
ment may be mailed to the Cash
ier's Office no later than Octo
ber 9.
The deadline for paying Uni
versity room and board bills be
fore paying an extra fee is Octo
ber 9, according to the Control
ler's Office.
Payment should be made be
tween 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
Cashier's Office, Eneina Hall.
Check accompanied by the state
ment may be mailed to the Cash
ier's Office no later than Octo
ber 9.
The deadline for paying Uni
versity room and board bills be
fore paying an extra fee is Octo
ber 9, according to the Control
ler's Office.
Payment should be made be
tween 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
Cashier's Office, Eneina Hall.
Check accompanied by the state
ment may be mailed to the Cash
ier's Office no later than Octo
ber 9.
The deadline for paying Uni
versity room and board bills be
fore paying an extra fee is Octo
ber 9, according to the Control
ler's Office.
Payment should be made be
tween 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
Cashier's Office, Eneina Hall.
Check accompanied by the state
ment may be mailed to the Cash
ier's Office no later than Octo
ber 9.
The deadline for paying Uni
versity room and board bills be
fore paying an extra fee is Octo
ber 9, according to the Control
ler's Office.
Payment should be made be
tween 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
Cashier's Office, Eneina Hall.
Check accompanied by the state
ment may be mailed to the Cash
ier's Office no later than Octo
ber 9.
The deadline for paying Uni
versity room and board bills be
fore paying an extra fee is Octo
ber 9, according to the Control
ler's Office.
Payment should be made be
tween 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
Cashier's Office, Eneina Hall.
Check accompanied by the state
ment may be mailed to the Cash
ier's Office no later than Octo
ber 9.
The deadline for paying Uni
versity room and board bills be
fore paying an extra fee is Octo
ber 9, according to the Control
ler's Office.
Payment should be made be
tween 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
Cashier's Office, Eneina Hall.
Check accompanied by the state
ment may be mailed to the Cash
ier's Office no later than Octo
ber 9.
