# Chris Barber to Open Jazz Festival
## 
### 
The Monterey Jazz Festival
will be formally opened this
weekend, Oct. 2, at 8:15 p.m. by
Chris Barber's Jazz Band from
England in its West Coast debut.
George Lewis and his New Or
leans Band will also appear the
opening night, with the Woody
Herman Festival All-stars head
ing the following afternoon's
concert bill on Oct. 3. The Jazz
Festival announced this week that
anyone bearing a student body
card will be admitted to this con
cert for $1.
The final program of the three
day Festival will begin at 7:15
p.m., Oct. 4, featuring Count

Basie and his orchestra, the Lam
bert, Hendricks-Ross Trio, Sarah
Vaughan, and the Â©scar Peterson
Trio.
Prices for the Oct. 2 and 4 pro
grams will be $3.50 and $2.75.
