# TRADE DEMORALIZED BY WAR IN LATIN REPUBLICS
## 
### 
Business conditions in Central
America are seriously depressed by
the European war, according to H. J.
Packard, '11, who has just returned
to the campus from Venezuela. There
is no market for the crops of tobac
co, coffee, cocoa, and rubber, and
commerce is almost at a standstill.
Very few products are either exported
or imported, and the small countries
which are dependent on foreign pow
ers for manufactured articles which
they get in exchange for raw pro
ducts, face a critical situation.
Packard has registered for gradu
ate work in the Geology and Mining
Department.
Business conditions in Central
America are seriously depressed by
the European war, according to H. J.
Packard, '11, who has just returned
to the campus from Venezuela. There
is no market for the crops of tobac
co, coffee, cocoa, and rubber, and
commerce is almost at a standstill.
Very few products are either exported
or imported, and the small countries
which are dependent on foreign pow
ers for manufactured articles which
they get in exchange for raw pro
ducts, face a critical situation.
Packard has registered for gradu
ate work in the Geology and Mining
Department.
Business conditions in Central
America are seriously depressed by
the European war, according to H. J.
Packard, '11, who has just returned
to the campus from Venezuela. There
is no market for the crops of tobac
co, coffee, cocoa, and rubber, and
commerce is almost at a standstill.
Very few products are either exported
or imported, and the small countries
which are dependent on foreign pow
ers for manufactured articles which
they get in exchange for raw pro
ducts, face a critical situation.
Packard has registered for gradu
ate work in the Geology and Mining
Department.
Business conditions in Central
America are seriously depressed by
the European war, according to H. J.
Packard, '11, who has just returned
to the campus from Venezuela. There
is no market for the crops of tobac
co, coffee, cocoa, and rubber, and
commerce is almost at a standstill.
Very few products are either exported
or imported, and the small countries
which are dependent on foreign pow
ers for manufactured articles which
they get in exchange for raw pro
ducts, face a critical situation.
Packard has registered for gradu
ate work in the Geology and Mining
Department.
Business conditions in Central
America are seriously depressed by
the European war, according to H. J.
Packard, '11, who has just returned
to the campus from Venezuela. There
is no market for the crops of tobac
co, coffee, cocoa, and rubber, and
commerce is almost at a standstill.
Very few products are either exported
or imported, and the small countries
which are dependent on foreign pow
ers for manufactured articles which
they get in exchange for raw pro
ducts, face a critical situation.
Packard has registered for gradu
ate work in the Geology and Mining
Department.
Business conditions in Central
America are seriously depressed by
the European war, according to H. J.
Packard, '11, who has just returned
to the campus from Venezuela. There
is no market for the crops of tobac
co, coffee, cocoa, and rubber, and
commerce is almost at a standstill.
Very few products are either exported
or imported, and the small countries
which are dependent on foreign pow
ers for manufactured articles which
they get in exchange for raw pro
ducts, face a critical situation.
Packard has registered for gradu
ate work in the Geology and Mining
Department.
Business conditions in Central
America are seriously depressed by
the European war, according to H. J.
Packard, '11, who has just returned
to the campus from Venezuela. There
is no market for the crops of tobac
co, coffee, cocoa, and rubber, and
commerce is almost at a standstill.
Very few products are either exported
or imported, and the small countries
which are dependent on foreign pow
ers for manufactured articles which
they get in exchange for raw pro
ducts, face a critical situation.
Packard has registered for gradu
ate work in the Geology and Mining
Department.
Business conditions in Central
America are seriously depressed by
the European war, according to H. J.
Packard, '11, who has just returned
to the campus from Venezuela. There
is no market for the crops of tobac
co, coffee, cocoa, and rubber, and
commerce is almost at a standstill.
Very few products are either exported
or imported, and the small countries
which are dependent on foreign pow
ers for manufactured articles which
they get in exchange for raw pro
ducts, face a critical situation.
Packard has registered for gradu
ate work in the Geology and Mining
Department.
Business conditions in Central
America are seriously depressed by
the European war, according to H. J.
Packard, '11, who has just returned
to the campus from Venezuela. There
is no market for the crops of tobac
co, coffee, cocoa, and rubber, and
commerce is almost at a standstill.
Very few products are either exported
or imported, and the small countries
which are dependent on foreign pow
ers for manufactured articles which
they get in exchange for raw pro
ducts, face a critical situation.
Packard has registered for gradu
ate work in the Geology and Mining
Department.
Business conditions in Central
America are seriously depressed by
the European war, according to H. J.
Packard, '11, who has just returned
to the campus from Venezuela. There
is no market for the crops of tobac
co, coffee, cocoa, and rubber, and
commerce is almost at a standstill.
Very few products are either exported
or imported, and the small countries
which are dependent on foreign pow
ers for manufactured articles which
they get in exchange for raw pro
ducts, face a critical situation.
Packard has registered for gradu
ate work in the Geology and Mining
Department.
Business conditions in Central
America are seriously depressed by
the European war, according to H. J.
Packard, '11, who has just returned
to the campus from Venezuela. There
is no market for the crops of tobac
co, coffee, cocoa, and rubber, and
commerce is almost at a standstill.
Very few products are either exported
or imported, and the small countries
which are dependent on foreign pow
ers for manufactured articles which
they get in exchange for raw pro
ducts, face a critical situation.
Packard has registered for gradu
ate work in the Geology and Mining
Department.
Business conditions in Central
America are seriously depressed by
the European war, according to H. J.
Packard, '11, who has just returned
to the campus from Venezuela. There
is no market for the crops of tobac
co, coffee, cocoa, and rubber, and
commerce is almost at a standstill.
Very few products are either exported
or imported, and the small countries
which are dependent on foreign pow
ers for manufactured articles which
they get in exchange for raw pro
ducts, face a critical situation.
Packard has registered for gradu
ate work in the Geology and Mining
Department.
Business conditions in Central
America are seriously depressed by
the European war, according to H. J.
Packard, '11, who has just returned
to the campus from Venezuela. There
is no market for the crops of tobac
co, coffee, cocoa, and rubber, and
commerce is almost at a standstill.
Very few products are either exported
or imported, and the small countries
which are dependent on foreign pow
ers for manufactured articles which
they get in exchange for raw pro
ducts, face a critical situation.
Packard has registered for gradu
ate work in the Geology and Mining
Department.
