# Friends to Talk On Disarmament
## 
### 
The problems of disarmament
will be considered al an intercol
legiate conference sponsored by
the American Friends Service
Committee on the weekend of
April 25, 26 and 27 at the Hidden
Villa Ranch in Los Altos.
Discussions of I he problem will
be led by John Barth, a former
overseas correspondent for the
Chicago Daily News; Ben Seavcr,
who is on the Peace Education
American Friends Service Com
mittee, and Urban Whitaker, a
professor of social sciences at
San Francisco State College.
Peggy Tel for will take reserva
tions for the weekend today in
the IIR shack from 4 to 5:30 p.m.,
or at any time at Lagunita. The
'cost is $3 per person.
