# Japanese Studies Program Aided
## 
### 
The Rockefeller Foundation has
provided Stanford with $110,000
for continuation of the Universi
ty's Japanese collaborative stud
ies program.
For the past two years Stanford
has been bringing Japanese schol
ars to the University for continu
ation of their studies. In the fu
ture the money will be used with
greatest emphasis on research in
the humanities field.
In a five-year period the Foun
dation will supply $168,000 and
the University will supply an ad
ditional $58,000.
The Rockefeller Foundation has
provided Stanford with $110,000
for continuation of the Universi
ty's Japanese collaborative stud
ies program.
For the past two years Stanford
has been bringing Japanese schol
ars to the University for continu
ation of their studies. In the fu
ture the money will be used with
greatest emphasis on research in
the humanities field.
In a five-year period the Foun
dation will supply $168,000 and
the University will supply an ad
ditional $58,000.
The Rockefeller Foundation has
provided Stanford with $110,000
for continuation of the Universi
ty's Japanese collaborative stud
ies program.
For the past two years Stanford
has been bringing Japanese schol
ars to the University for continu
ation of their studies. In the fu
ture the money will be used with
greatest emphasis on research in
the humanities field.
In a five-year period the Foun
dation will supply $168,000 and
the University will supply an ad
ditional $58,000.
The Rockefeller Foundation has
provided Stanford with $110,000
for continuation of the Universi
ty's Japanese collaborative stud
ies program.
For the past two years Stanford
has been bringing Japanese schol
ars to the University for continu
ation of their studies. In the fu
ture the money will be used with
greatest emphasis on research in
the humanities field.
In a five-year period the Foun
dation will supply $168,000 and
the University will supply an ad
ditional $58,000.
The Rockefeller Foundation has
provided Stanford with $110,000
for continuation of the Universi
ty's Japanese collaborative stud
ies program.
For the past two years Stanford
has been bringing Japanese schol
ars to the University for continu
ation of their studies. In the fu
ture the money will be used with
greatest emphasis on research in
the humanities field.
In a five-year period the Foun
dation will supply $168,000 and
the University will supply an ad
ditional $58,000.
The Rockefeller Foundation has
provided Stanford with $110,000
for continuation of the Universi
ty's Japanese collaborative stud
ies program.
For the past two years Stanford
has been bringing Japanese schol
ars to the University for continu
ation of their studies. In the fu
ture the money will be used with
greatest emphasis on research in
the humanities field.
In a five-year period the Foun
dation will supply $168,000 and
the University will supply an ad
ditional $58,000.
The Rockefeller Foundation has
provided Stanford with $110,000
for continuation of the Universi
ty's Japanese collaborative stud
ies program.
For the past two years Stanford
has been bringing Japanese schol
ars to the University for continu
ation of their studies. In the fu
ture the money will be used with
greatest emphasis on research in
the humanities field.
In a five-year period the Foun
dation will supply $168,000 and
the University will supply an ad
ditional $58,000.
The Rockefeller Foundation has
provided Stanford with $110,000
for continuation of the Universi
ty's Japanese collaborative stud
ies program.
For the past two years Stanford
has been bringing Japanese schol
ars to the University for continu
ation of their studies. In the fu
ture the money will be used with
greatest emphasis on research in
the humanities field.
In a five-year period the Foun
dation will supply $168,000 and
the University will supply an ad
ditional $58,000.
The Rockefeller Foundation has
provided Stanford with $110,000
for continuation of the Universi
ty's Japanese collaborative stud
ies program.
For the past two years Stanford
has been bringing Japanese schol
ars to the University for continu
ation of their studies. In the fu
ture the money will be used with
greatest emphasis on research in
the humanities field.
In a five-year period the Foun
dation will supply $168,000 and
the University will supply an ad
ditional $58,000.
The Rockefeller Foundation has
provided Stanford with $110,000
for continuation of the Universi
ty's Japanese collaborative stud
ies program.
For the past two years Stanford
has been bringing Japanese schol
ars to the University for continu
ation of their studies. In the fu
ture the money will be used with
greatest emphasis on research in
the humanities field.
In a five-year period the Foun
dation will supply $168,000 and
the University will supply an ad
ditional $58,000.
The Rockefeller Foundation has
provided Stanford with $110,000
for continuation of the Universi
ty's Japanese collaborative stud
ies program.
For the past two years Stanford
has been bringing Japanese schol
ars to the University for continu
ation of their studies. In the fu
ture the money will be used with
greatest emphasis on research in
the humanities field.
In a five-year period the Foun
dation will supply $168,000 and
the University will supply an ad
ditional $58,000.
The Rockefeller Foundation has
provided Stanford with $110,000
for continuation of the Universi
ty's Japanese collaborative stud
ies program.
For the past two years Stanford
has been bringing Japanese schol
ars to the University for continu
ation of their studies. In the fu
ture the money will be used with
greatest emphasis on research in
the humanities field.
In a five-year period the Foun
dation will supply $168,000 and
the University will supply an ad
ditional $58,000.
The Rockefeller Foundation has
provided Stanford with $110,000
for continuation of the Universi
ty's Japanese collaborative stud
ies program.
For the past two years Stanford
has been bringing Japanese schol
ars to the University for continu
ation of their studies. In the fu
ture the money will be used with
greatest emphasis on research in
the humanities field.
In a five-year period the Foun
dation will supply $168,000 and
the University will supply an ad
ditional $58,000.
The Rockefeller Foundation has
provided Stanford with $110,000
for continuation of the Universi
ty's Japanese collaborative stud
ies program.
For the past two years Stanford
has been bringing Japanese schol
ars to the University for continu
ation of their studies. In the fu
ture the money will be used with
greatest emphasis on research in
the humanities field.
In a five-year period the Foun
dation will supply $168,000 and
the University will supply an ad
ditional $58,000.
The Rockefeller Foundation has
provided Stanford with $110,000
for continuation of the Universi
ty's Japanese collaborative stud
ies program.
For the past two years Stanford
has been bringing Japanese schol
ars to the University for continu
ation of their studies. In the fu
ture the money will be used with
greatest emphasis on research in
the humanities field.
In a five-year period the Foun
dation will supply $168,000 and
the University will supply an ad
ditional $58,000.
The Rockefeller Foundation has
provided Stanford with $110,000
for continuation of the Universi
ty's Japanese collaborative stud
ies program.
For the past two years Stanford
has been bringing Japanese schol
ars to the University for continu
ation of their studies. In the fu
ture the money will be used with
greatest emphasis on research in
the humanities field.
In a five-year period the Foun
dation will supply $168,000 and
the University will supply an ad
ditional $58,000.
The Rockefeller Foundation has
provided Stanford with $110,000
for continuation of the Universi
ty's Japanese collaborative stud
ies program.
For the past two years Stanford
has been bringing Japanese schol
ars to the University for continu
ation of their studies. In the fu
ture the money will be used with
greatest emphasis on research in
the humanities field.
In a five-year period the Foun
dation will supply $168,000 and
the University will supply an ad
ditional $58,000.
