# Grid Practice Starts Today
## 
### Steve Baffrey 
Stanford Ilead Football Coach
(Eucalyptus? Cactus?) Jack Cur
tice blows the whistle Ihat starts
spring football practice at 3:30
this afternoon. Eighty 1958-var
sity hopefuls are expected to turn
out for the 20 workouts which
will be held in the next 30 days,
according to collegiate rules.
The Curtice brand of football,
called the "winged- or spread-T,"
is characterized by wide-open of
fense with each of the backfield
men sharing equally in carrying
duties. The system is similar to
the flanker-T used under former
mentor Chuck Taylor.
The nucleus of the spring squad
will be made up of some 50 men
who turned out for varsity prac
tice last year; 12 of Ihese saw a
fair amount of service last sea
son, six of them were regulars.
The remainder of the squad will
include members of the 1957
freshman team and other first
time-out men.
Practices will be held five days
each week, Monday through Wed
nesday and Friday and Saturday.
Weekday workouts are set for 3-5
p.m. During Ihe 30 days in which
the team will practice, two scrim
mage games are planned. These
will be held on Saturdays, May
10 and 17.
Among the first chores for the
squad will be a session to accus
tom them to Ihe new contact rul
ing which permits only one-hand
ed contact on defense.
Another new rule, that which
gives a team two points for run
ning their PAT and only one for
kicking it, should not be a prob
lem in the opening sessions, but
will be one which will come up as
practice moves into higher gear.
Stanford Ilead Football Coach
(Eucalyptus? Cactus?) Jack Cur
tice blows the whistle Ihat starts
spring football practice at 3:30
this afternoon. Eighty 1958-var
sity hopefuls are expected to turn
out for the 20 workouts which
will be held in the next 30 days,
according to collegiate rules.
The Curtice brand of football,
called the "winged- or spread-T,"
is characterized by wide-open of
fense with each of the backfield
men sharing equally in carrying
duties. The system is similar to
the flanker-T used under former
mentor Chuck Taylor.
The nucleus of the spring squad
will be made up of some 50 men
who turned out for varsity prac
tice last year; 12 of Ihese saw a
fair amount of service last sea
son, six of them were regulars.
The remainder of the squad will
include members of the 1957
freshman team and other first
time-out men.
Practices will be held five days
each week, Monday through Wed
nesday and Friday and Saturday.
Weekday workouts are set for 3-5
p.m. During Ihe 30 days in which
the team will practice, two scrim
mage games are planned. These
will be held on Saturdays, May
10 and 17.
Among the first chores for the
squad will be a session to accus
tom them to Ihe new contact rul
ing which permits only one-hand
ed contact on defense.
Another new rule, that which
gives a team two points for run
ning their PAT and only one for
kicking it, should not be a prob
lem in the opening sessions, but
will be one which will come up as
practice moves into higher gear.
Stanford Ilead Football Coach
(Eucalyptus? Cactus?) Jack Cur
tice blows the whistle Ihat starts
spring football practice at 3:30
this afternoon. Eighty 1958-var
sity hopefuls are expected to turn
out for the 20 workouts which
will be held in the next 30 days,
according to collegiate rules.
The Curtice brand of football,
called the "winged- or spread-T,"
is characterized by wide-open of
fense with each of the backfield
men sharing equally in carrying
duties. The system is similar to
the flanker-T used under former
mentor Chuck Taylor.
The nucleus of the spring squad
will be made up of some 50 men
who turned out for varsity prac
tice last year; 12 of Ihese saw a
fair amount of service last sea
son, six of them were regulars.
The remainder of the squad will
include members of the 1957
freshman team and other first
time-out men.
Practices will be held five days
each week, Monday through Wed
nesday and Friday and Saturday.
Weekday workouts are set for 3-5
p.m. During Ihe 30 days in which
the team will practice, two scrim
mage games are planned. These
will be held on Saturdays, May
10 and 17.
Among the first chores for the
squad will be a session to accus
tom them to Ihe new contact rul
ing which permits only one-hand
ed contact on defense.
Another new rule, that which
gives a team two points for run
ning their PAT and only one for
kicking it, should not be a prob
lem in the opening sessions, but
will be one which will come up as
practice moves into higher gear.
Stanford Ilead Football Coach
(Eucalyptus? Cactus?) Jack Cur
tice blows the whistle Ihat starts
spring football practice at 3:30
this afternoon. Eighty 1958-var
sity hopefuls are expected to turn
out for the 20 workouts which
will be held in the next 30 days,
according to collegiate rules.
The Curtice brand of football,
called the "winged- or spread-T,"
is characterized by wide-open of
fense with each of the backfield
men sharing equally in carrying
duties. The system is similar to
the flanker-T used under former
mentor Chuck Taylor.
The nucleus of the spring squad
will be made up of some 50 men
who turned out for varsity prac
tice last year; 12 of Ihese saw a
fair amount of service last sea
son, six of them were regulars.
The remainder of the squad will
include members of the 1957
freshman team and other first
time-out men.
Practices will be held five days
each week, Monday through Wed
nesday and Friday and Saturday.
Weekday workouts are set for 3-5
p.m. During Ihe 30 days in which
the team will practice, two scrim
mage games are planned. These
will be held on Saturdays, May
10 and 17.
Among the first chores for the
squad will be a session to accus
tom them to Ihe new contact rul
ing which permits only one-hand
ed contact on defense.
Another new rule, that which
gives a team two points for run
ning their PAT and only one for
kicking it, should not be a prob
lem in the opening sessions, but
will be one which will come up as
practice moves into higher gear.
Stanford Ilead Football Coach
(Eucalyptus? Cactus?) Jack Cur
tice blows the whistle Ihat starts
spring football practice at 3:30
this afternoon. Eighty 1958-var
sity hopefuls are expected to turn
out for the 20 workouts which
will be held in the next 30 days,
according to collegiate rules.
The Curtice brand of football,
called the "winged- or spread-T,"
is characterized by wide-open of
fense with each of the backfield
men sharing equally in carrying
duties. The system is similar to
the flanker-T used under former
mentor Chuck Taylor.
The nucleus of the spring squad
will be made up of some 50 men
who turned out for varsity prac
tice last year; 12 of Ihese saw a
fair amount of service last sea
son, six of them were regulars.
The remainder of the squad will
include members of the 1957
freshman team and other first
time-out men.
Practices will be held five days
each week, Monday through Wed
nesday and Friday and Saturday.
Weekday workouts are set for 3-5
p.m. During Ihe 30 days in which
the team will practice, two scrim
mage games are planned. These
will be held on Saturdays, May
10 and 17.
Among the first chores for the
squad will be a session to accus
tom them to Ihe new contact rul
ing which permits only one-hand
ed contact on defense.
Another new rule, that which
gives a team two points for run
ning their PAT and only one for
kicking it, should not be a prob
lem in the opening sessions, but
will be one which will come up as
practice moves into higher gear.
Stanford Ilead Football Coach
(Eucalyptus? Cactus?) Jack Cur
tice blows the whistle Ihat starts
spring football practice at 3:30
this afternoon. Eighty 1958-var
sity hopefuls are expected to turn
out for the 20 workouts which
will be held in the next 30 days,
according to collegiate rules.
The Curtice brand of football,
called the "winged- or spread-T,"
is characterized by wide-open of
fense with each of the backfield
men sharing equally in carrying
duties. The system is similar to
the flanker-T used under former
mentor Chuck Taylor.
The nucleus of the spring squad
will be made up of some 50 men
who turned out for varsity prac
tice last year; 12 of Ihese saw a
fair amount of service last sea
son, six of them were regulars.
The remainder of the squad will
include members of the 1957
freshman team and other first
time-out men.
Practices will be held five days
each week, Monday through Wed
nesday and Friday and Saturday.
Weekday workouts are set for 3-5
p.m. During Ihe 30 days in which
the team will practice, two scrim
mage games are planned. These
will be held on Saturdays, May
10 and 17.
Among the first chores for the
squad will be a session to accus
tom them to Ihe new contact rul
ing which permits only one-hand
ed contact on defense.
Another new rule, that which
gives a team two points for run
ning their PAT and only one for
kicking it, should not be a prob
lem in the opening sessions, but
will be one which will come up as
practice moves into higher gear.
Stanford Ilead Football Coach
(Eucalyptus? Cactus?) Jack Cur
tice blows the whistle Ihat starts
spring football practice at 3:30
this afternoon. Eighty 1958-var
sity hopefuls are expected to turn
out for the 20 workouts which
will be held in the next 30 days,
according to collegiate rules.
The Curtice brand of football,
called the "winged- or spread-T,"
is characterized by wide-open of
fense with each of the backfield
men sharing equally in carrying
duties. The system is similar to
the flanker-T used under former
mentor Chuck Taylor.
The nucleus of the spring squad
will be made up of some 50 men
who turned out for varsity prac
tice last year; 12 of Ihese saw a
fair amount of service last sea
son, six of them were regulars.
The remainder of the squad will
include members of the 1957
freshman team and other first
time-out men.
Practices will be held five days
each week, Monday through Wed
nesday and Friday and Saturday.
Weekday workouts are set for 3-5
p.m. During Ihe 30 days in which
the team will practice, two scrim
mage games are planned. These
will be held on Saturdays, May
10 and 17.
Among the first chores for the
squad will be a session to accus
tom them to Ihe new contact rul
ing which permits only one-hand
ed contact on defense.
Another new rule, that which
gives a team two points for run
ning their PAT and only one for
kicking it, should not be a prob
lem in the opening sessions, but
will be one which will come up as
practice moves into higher gear.
Stanford Ilead Football Coach
(Eucalyptus? Cactus?) Jack Cur
tice blows the whistle Ihat starts
spring football practice at 3:30
this afternoon. Eighty 1958-var
sity hopefuls are expected to turn
out for the 20 workouts which
will be held in the next 30 days,
according to collegiate rules.
The Curtice brand of football,
called the "winged- or spread-T,"
is characterized by wide-open of
fense with each of the backfield
men sharing equally in carrying
duties. The system is similar to
the flanker-T used under former
mentor Chuck Taylor.
The nucleus of the spring squad
will be made up of some 50 men
who turned out for varsity prac
tice last year; 12 of Ihese saw a
fair amount of service last sea
son, six of them were regulars.
The remainder of the squad will
include members of the 1957
freshman team and other first
time-out men.
Practices will be held five days
each week, Monday through Wed
nesday and Friday and Saturday.
Weekday workouts are set for 3-5
p.m. During Ihe 30 days in which
the team will practice, two scrim
mage games are planned. These
will be held on Saturdays, May
10 and 17.
Among the first chores for the
squad will be a session to accus
tom them to Ihe new contact rul
ing which permits only one-hand
ed contact on defense.
Another new rule, that which
gives a team two points for run
ning their PAT and only one for
kicking it, should not be a prob
lem in the opening sessions, but
will be one which will come up as
practice moves into higher gear.
Stanford Ilead Football Coach
(Eucalyptus? Cactus?) Jack Cur
tice blows the whistle Ihat starts
spring football practice at 3:30
this afternoon. Eighty 1958-var
sity hopefuls are expected to turn
out for the 20 workouts which
will be held in the next 30 days,
according to collegiate rules.
The Curtice brand of football,
called the "winged- or spread-T,"
is characterized by wide-open of
fense with each of the backfield
men sharing equally in carrying
duties. The system is similar to
the flanker-T used under former
mentor Chuck Taylor.
The nucleus of the spring squad
will be made up of some 50 men
who turned out for varsity prac
tice last year; 12 of Ihese saw a
fair amount of service last sea
son, six of them were regulars.
The remainder of the squad will
include members of the 1957
freshman team and other first
time-out men.
Practices will be held five days
each week, Monday through Wed
nesday and Friday and Saturday.
Weekday workouts are set for 3-5
p.m. During Ihe 30 days in which
the team will practice, two scrim
mage games are planned. These
will be held on Saturdays, May
10 and 17.
Among the first chores for the
squad will be a session to accus
tom them to Ihe new contact rul
ing which permits only one-hand
ed contact on defense.
Another new rule, that which
gives a team two points for run
ning their PAT and only one for
kicking it, should not be a prob
lem in the opening sessions, but
will be one which will come up as
practice moves into higher gear.
Stanford Ilead Football Coach
(Eucalyptus? Cactus?) Jack Cur
tice blows the whistle Ihat starts
spring football practice at 3:30
this afternoon. Eighty 1958-var
sity hopefuls are expected to turn
out for the 20 workouts which
will be held in the next 30 days,
according to collegiate rules.
The Curtice brand of football,
called the "winged- or spread-T,"
is characterized by wide-open of
fense with each of the backfield
men sharing equally in carrying
duties. The system is similar to
the flanker-T used under former
mentor Chuck Taylor.
The nucleus of the spring squad
will be made up of some 50 men
who turned out for varsity prac
tice last year; 12 of Ihese saw a
fair amount of service last sea
son, six of them were regulars.
The remainder of the squad will
include members of the 1957
freshman team and other first
time-out men.
Practices will be held five days
each week, Monday through Wed
nesday and Friday and Saturday.
Weekday workouts are set for 3-5
p.m. During Ihe 30 days in which
the team will practice, two scrim
mage games are planned. These
will be held on Saturdays, May
10 and 17.
Among the first chores for the
squad will be a session to accus
tom them to Ihe new contact rul
ing which permits only one-hand
ed contact on defense.
Another new rule, that which
gives a team two points for run
ning their PAT and only one for
kicking it, should not be a prob
lem in the opening sessions, but
will be one which will come up as
practice moves into higher gear.
Stanford Ilead Football Coach
(Eucalyptus? Cactus?) Jack Cur
tice blows the whistle Ihat starts
spring football practice at 3:30
this afternoon. Eighty 1958-var
sity hopefuls are expected to turn
out for the 20 workouts which
will be held in the next 30 days,
according to collegiate rules.
The Curtice brand of football,
called the "winged- or spread-T,"
is characterized by wide-open of
fense with each of the backfield
men sharing equally in carrying
duties. The system is similar to
the flanker-T used under former
mentor Chuck Taylor.
The nucleus of the spring squad
will be made up of some 50 men
who turned out for varsity prac
tice last year; 12 of Ihese saw a
fair amount of service last sea
son, six of them were regulars.
The remainder of the squad will
include members of the 1957
freshman team and other first
time-out men.
Practices will be held five days
each week, Monday through Wed
nesday and Friday and Saturday.
Weekday workouts are set for 3-5
p.m. During Ihe 30 days in which
the team will practice, two scrim
mage games are planned. These
will be held on Saturdays, May
10 and 17.
Among the first chores for the
squad will be a session to accus
tom them to Ihe new contact rul
ing which permits only one-hand
ed contact on defense.
Another new rule, that which
gives a team two points for run
ning their PAT and only one for
kicking it, should not be a prob
lem in the opening sessions, but
will be one which will come up as
practice moves into higher gear.
Stanford Ilead Football Coach
(Eucalyptus? Cactus?) Jack Cur
tice blows the whistle Ihat starts
spring football practice at 3:30
this afternoon. Eighty 1958-var
sity hopefuls are expected to turn
out for the 20 workouts which
will be held in the next 30 days,
according to collegiate rules.
The Curtice brand of football,
called the "winged- or spread-T,"
is characterized by wide-open of
fense with each of the backfield
men sharing equally in carrying
duties. The system is similar to
the flanker-T used under former
mentor Chuck Taylor.
The nucleus of the spring squad
will be made up of some 50 men
who turned out for varsity prac
tice last year; 12 of Ihese saw a
fair amount of service last sea
son, six of them were regulars.
The remainder of the squad will
include members of the 1957
freshman team and other first
time-out men.
Practices will be held five days
each week, Monday through Wed
nesday and Friday and Saturday.
Weekday workouts are set for 3-5
p.m. During Ihe 30 days in which
the team will practice, two scrim
mage games are planned. These
will be held on Saturdays, May
10 and 17.
Among the first chores for the
squad will be a session to accus
tom them to Ihe new contact rul
ing which permits only one-hand
ed contact on defense.
Another new rule, that which
gives a team two points for run
ning their PAT and only one for
kicking it, should not be a prob
lem in the opening sessions, but
will be one which will come up as
practice moves into higher gear.
Stanford Ilead Football Coach
(Eucalyptus? Cactus?) Jack Cur
tice blows the whistle Ihat starts
spring football practice at 3:30
this afternoon. Eighty 1958-var
sity hopefuls are expected to turn
out for the 20 workouts which
will be held in the next 30 days,
according to collegiate rules.
The Curtice brand of football,
called the "winged- or spread-T,"
is characterized by wide-open of
fense with each of the backfield
men sharing equally in carrying
duties. The system is similar to
the flanker-T used under former
mentor Chuck Taylor.
The nucleus of the spring squad
will be made up of some 50 men
who turned out for varsity prac
tice last year; 12 of Ihese saw a
fair amount of service last sea
son, six of them were regulars.
The remainder of the squad will
include members of the 1957
freshman team and other first
time-out men.
Practices will be held five days
each week, Monday through Wed
nesday and Friday and Saturday.
Weekday workouts are set for 3-5
p.m. During Ihe 30 days in which
the team will practice, two scrim
mage games are planned. These
will be held on Saturdays, May
10 and 17.
Among the first chores for the
squad will be a session to accus
tom them to Ihe new contact rul
ing which permits only one-hand
ed contact on defense.
Another new rule, that which
gives a team two points for run
ning their PAT and only one for
kicking it, should not be a prob
lem in the opening sessions, but
will be one which will come up as
practice moves into higher gear.
Stanford Ilead Football Coach
(Eucalyptus? Cactus?) Jack Cur
tice blows the whistle Ihat starts
spring football practice at 3:30
this afternoon. Eighty 1958-var
sity hopefuls are expected to turn
out for the 20 workouts which
will be held in the next 30 days,
according to collegiate rules.
The Curtice brand of football,
called the "winged- or spread-T,"
is characterized by wide-open of
fense with each of the backfield
men sharing equally in carrying
duties. The system is similar to
the flanker-T used under former
mentor Chuck Taylor.
The nucleus of the spring squad
will be made up of some 50 men
who turned out for varsity prac
tice last year; 12 of Ihese saw a
fair amount of service last sea
son, six of them were regulars.
The remainder of the squad will
include members of the 1957
freshman team and other first
time-out men.
Practices will be held five days
each week, Monday through Wed
nesday and Friday and Saturday.
Weekday workouts are set for 3-5
p.m. During Ihe 30 days in which
the team will practice, two scrim
mage games are planned. These
will be held on Saturdays, May
10 and 17.
Among the first chores for the
squad will be a session to accus
tom them to Ihe new contact rul
ing which permits only one-hand
ed contact on defense.
Another new rule, that which
gives a team two points for run
ning their PAT and only one for
kicking it, should not be a prob
lem in the opening sessions, but
will be one which will come up as
practice moves into higher gear.
Stanford Ilead Football Coach
(Eucalyptus? Cactus?) Jack Cur
tice blows the whistle Ihat starts
spring football practice at 3:30
this afternoon. Eighty 1958-var
sity hopefuls are expected to turn
out for the 20 workouts which
will be held in the next 30 days,
according to collegiate rules.
The Curtice brand of football,
called the "winged- or spread-T,"
is characterized by wide-open of
fense with each of the backfield
men sharing equally in carrying
duties. The system is similar to
the flanker-T used under former
mentor Chuck Taylor.
The nucleus of the spring squad
will be made up of some 50 men
who turned out for varsity prac
tice last year; 12 of Ihese saw a
fair amount of service last sea
son, six of them were regulars.
The remainder of the squad will
include members of the 1957
freshman team and other first
time-out men.
Practices will be held five days
each week, Monday through Wed
nesday and Friday and Saturday.
Weekday workouts are set for 3-5
p.m. During Ihe 30 days in which
the team will practice, two scrim
mage games are planned. These
will be held on Saturdays, May
10 and 17.
Among the first chores for the
squad will be a session to accus
tom them to Ihe new contact rul
ing which permits only one-hand
ed contact on defense.
Another new rule, that which
gives a team two points for run
ning their PAT and only one for
kicking it, should not be a prob
lem in the opening sessions, but
will be one which will come up as
practice moves into higher gear.
Stanford Ilead Football Coach
(Eucalyptus? Cactus?) Jack Cur
tice blows the whistle Ihat starts
spring football practice at 3:30
this afternoon. Eighty 1958-var
sity hopefuls are expected to turn
out for the 20 workouts which
will be held in the next 30 days,
according to collegiate rules.
The Curtice brand of football,
called the "winged- or spread-T,"
is characterized by wide-open of
fense with each of the backfield
men sharing equally in carrying
duties. The system is similar to
the flanker-T used under former
mentor Chuck Taylor.
The nucleus of the spring squad
will be made up of some 50 men
who turned out for varsity prac
tice last year; 12 of Ihese saw a
fair amount of service last sea
son, six of them were regulars.
The remainder of the squad will
include members of the 1957
freshman team and other first
time-out men.
Practices will be held five days
each week, Monday through Wed
nesday and Friday and Saturday.
Weekday workouts are set for 3-5
p.m. During Ihe 30 days in which
the team will practice, two scrim
mage games are planned. These
will be held on Saturdays, May
10 and 17.
Among the first chores for the
squad will be a session to accus
tom them to Ihe new contact rul
ing which permits only one-hand
ed contact on defense.
Another new rule, that which
gives a team two points for run
ning their PAT and only one for
kicking it, should not be a prob
lem in the opening sessions, but
will be one which will come up as
practice moves into higher gear.
Stanford Ilead Football Coach
(Eucalyptus? Cactus?) Jack Cur
tice blows the whistle Ihat starts
spring football practice at 3:30
this afternoon. Eighty 1958-var
sity hopefuls are expected to turn
out for the 20 workouts which
will be held in the next 30 days,
according to collegiate rules.
The Curtice brand of football,
called the "winged- or spread-T,"
is characterized by wide-open of
fense with each of the backfield
men sharing equally in carrying
duties. The system is similar to
the flanker-T used under former
mentor Chuck Taylor.
The nucleus of the spring squad
will be made up of some 50 men
who turned out for varsity prac
tice last year; 12 of Ihese saw a
fair amount of service last sea
son, six of them were regulars.
The remainder of the squad will
include members of the 1957
freshman team and other first
time-out men.
Practices will be held five days
each week, Monday through Wed
nesday and Friday and Saturday.
Weekday workouts are set for 3-5
p.m. During Ihe 30 days in which
the team will practice, two scrim
mage games are planned. These
will be held on Saturdays, May
10 and 17.
Among the first chores for the
squad will be a session to accus
tom them to Ihe new contact rul
ing which permits only one-hand
ed contact on defense.
Another new rule, that which
gives a team two points for run
ning their PAT and only one for
kicking it, should not be a prob
lem in the opening sessions, but
will be one which will come up as
practice moves into higher gear.
