# BOSTON WINS IN HOCKEY
## 
### 
DETROIT. Mich., Jan. 23 (UP).—
Boston blanked Detroit, 5-0, in a
National Hockey League game last
night in which the Bruins scored all
their goals in the final period.
DETROIT. Mich., Jan. 23 (UP).—
Boston blanked Detroit, 5-0, in a
National Hockey League game last
night in which the Bruins scored all
their goals in the final period.
DETROIT. Mich., Jan. 23 (UP).—
Boston blanked Detroit, 5-0, in a
National Hockey League game last
night in which the Bruins scored all
their goals in the final period.
DETROIT. Mich., Jan. 23 (UP).—
Boston blanked Detroit, 5-0, in a
National Hockey League game last
night in which the Bruins scored all
their goals in the final period.
DETROIT. Mich., Jan. 23 (UP).—
Boston blanked Detroit, 5-0, in a
National Hockey League game last
night in which the Bruins scored all
their goals in the final period.
DETROIT. Mich., Jan. 23 (UP).—
Boston blanked Detroit, 5-0, in a
National Hockey League game last
night in which the Bruins scored all
their goals in the final period.
DETROIT. Mich., Jan. 23 (UP).—
Boston blanked Detroit, 5-0, in a
National Hockey League game last
night in which the Bruins scored all
their goals in the final period.
DETROIT. Mich., Jan. 23 (UP).—
Boston blanked Detroit, 5-0, in a
National Hockey League game last
night in which the Bruins scored all
their goals in the final period.
DETROIT. Mich., Jan. 23 (UP).—
Boston blanked Detroit, 5-0, in a
National Hockey League game last
night in which the Bruins scored all
their goals in the final period.
DETROIT. Mich., Jan. 23 (UP).—
Boston blanked Detroit, 5-0, in a
National Hockey League game last
night in which the Bruins scored all
their goals in the final period.
DETROIT. Mich., Jan. 23 (UP).—
Boston blanked Detroit, 5-0, in a
National Hockey League game last
night in which the Bruins scored all
their goals in the final period.
DETROIT. Mich., Jan. 23 (UP).—
Boston blanked Detroit, 5-0, in a
National Hockey League game last
night in which the Bruins scored all
their goals in the final period.
DETROIT. Mich., Jan. 23 (UP).—
Boston blanked Detroit, 5-0, in a
National Hockey League game last
night in which the Bruins scored all
their goals in the final period.
DETROIT. Mich., Jan. 23 (UP).—
Boston blanked Detroit, 5-0, in a
National Hockey League game last
night in which the Bruins scored all
their goals in the final period.
DETROIT. Mich., Jan. 23 (UP).—
Boston blanked Detroit, 5-0, in a
National Hockey League game last
night in which the Bruins scored all
their goals in the final period.
DETROIT. Mich., Jan. 23 (UP).—
Boston blanked Detroit, 5-0, in a
National Hockey League game last
night in which the Bruins scored all
their goals in the final period.
