# BOXERS SET FOR MATCH
## 
### 
First meet on Stanford's intercol
legiate boxing schedule will be
held on the night of February 2,
according to Coach Clayton Frye.
Opponents will be the Cal Aggies.
First meet on Stanford's intercol
legiate boxing schedule will be
held on the night of February 2,
according to Coach Clayton Frye.
Opponents will be the Cal Aggies.
First meet on Stanford's intercol
legiate boxing schedule will be
held on the night of February 2,
according to Coach Clayton Frye.
Opponents will be the Cal Aggies.
First meet on Stanford's intercol
legiate boxing schedule will be
held on the night of February 2,
according to Coach Clayton Frye.
Opponents will be the Cal Aggies.
First meet on Stanford's intercol
legiate boxing schedule will be
held on the night of February 2,
according to Coach Clayton Frye.
Opponents will be the Cal Aggies.
First meet on Stanford's intercol
legiate boxing schedule will be
held on the night of February 2,
according to Coach Clayton Frye.
Opponents will be the Cal Aggies.
First meet on Stanford's intercol
legiate boxing schedule will be
held on the night of February 2,
according to Coach Clayton Frye.
Opponents will be the Cal Aggies.
First meet on Stanford's intercol
legiate boxing schedule will be
held on the night of February 2,
according to Coach Clayton Frye.
Opponents will be the Cal Aggies.
First meet on Stanford's intercol
legiate boxing schedule will be
held on the night of February 2,
according to Coach Clayton Frye.
Opponents will be the Cal Aggies.
First meet on Stanford's intercol
legiate boxing schedule will be
held on the night of February 2,
according to Coach Clayton Frye.
Opponents will be the Cal Aggies.
First meet on Stanford's intercol
legiate boxing schedule will be
held on the night of February 2,
according to Coach Clayton Frye.
Opponents will be the Cal Aggies.
First meet on Stanford's intercol
legiate boxing schedule will be
held on the night of February 2,
according to Coach Clayton Frye.
Opponents will be the Cal Aggies.
First meet on Stanford's intercol
legiate boxing schedule will be
held on the night of February 2,
according to Coach Clayton Frye.
Opponents will be the Cal Aggies.
First meet on Stanford's intercol
legiate boxing schedule will be
held on the night of February 2,
according to Coach Clayton Frye.
Opponents will be the Cal Aggies.
First meet on Stanford's intercol
legiate boxing schedule will be
held on the night of February 2,
according to Coach Clayton Frye.
Opponents will be the Cal Aggies.
First meet on Stanford's intercol
legiate boxing schedule will be
held on the night of February 2,
according to Coach Clayton Frye.
Opponents will be the Cal Aggies.
