# U.S. CIVIL SERVICE EXAMS
## 
### 
Examinations for positions open in
chemistry, physics, metallurgy, geol
ogy, mathematics, and other branch
es of physical science except mete
orology have been announced by the
U.S. Civil Service Commission. Ap
plications and information arc avail
able at the Palo Alto post office.
Examinations for positions open in
chemistry, physics, metallurgy, geol
ogy, mathematics, and other branch
es of physical science except mete
orology have been announced by the
U.S. Civil Service Commission. Ap
plications and information arc avail
able at the Palo Alto post office.
Examinations for positions open in
chemistry, physics, metallurgy, geol
ogy, mathematics, and other branch
es of physical science except mete
orology have been announced by the
U.S. Civil Service Commission. Ap
plications and information arc avail
able at the Palo Alto post office.
Examinations for positions open in
chemistry, physics, metallurgy, geol
ogy, mathematics, and other branch
es of physical science except mete
orology have been announced by the
U.S. Civil Service Commission. Ap
plications and information arc avail
able at the Palo Alto post office.
Examinations for positions open in
chemistry, physics, metallurgy, geol
ogy, mathematics, and other branch
es of physical science except mete
orology have been announced by the
U.S. Civil Service Commission. Ap
plications and information arc avail
able at the Palo Alto post office.
Examinations for positions open in
chemistry, physics, metallurgy, geol
ogy, mathematics, and other branch
es of physical science except mete
orology have been announced by the
U.S. Civil Service Commission. Ap
plications and information arc avail
able at the Palo Alto post office.
Examinations for positions open in
chemistry, physics, metallurgy, geol
ogy, mathematics, and other branch
es of physical science except mete
orology have been announced by the
U.S. Civil Service Commission. Ap
plications and information arc avail
able at the Palo Alto post office.
Examinations for positions open in
chemistry, physics, metallurgy, geol
ogy, mathematics, and other branch
es of physical science except mete
orology have been announced by the
U.S. Civil Service Commission. Ap
plications and information arc avail
able at the Palo Alto post office.
Examinations for positions open in
chemistry, physics, metallurgy, geol
ogy, mathematics, and other branch
es of physical science except mete
orology have been announced by the
U.S. Civil Service Commission. Ap
plications and information arc avail
able at the Palo Alto post office.
Examinations for positions open in
chemistry, physics, metallurgy, geol
ogy, mathematics, and other branch
es of physical science except mete
orology have been announced by the
U.S. Civil Service Commission. Ap
plications and information arc avail
able at the Palo Alto post office.
Examinations for positions open in
chemistry, physics, metallurgy, geol
ogy, mathematics, and other branch
es of physical science except mete
orology have been announced by the
U.S. Civil Service Commission. Ap
plications and information arc avail
able at the Palo Alto post office.
Examinations for positions open in
chemistry, physics, metallurgy, geol
ogy, mathematics, and other branch
es of physical science except mete
orology have been announced by the
U.S. Civil Service Commission. Ap
plications and information arc avail
able at the Palo Alto post office.
Examinations for positions open in
chemistry, physics, metallurgy, geol
ogy, mathematics, and other branch
es of physical science except mete
orology have been announced by the
U.S. Civil Service Commission. Ap
plications and information arc avail
able at the Palo Alto post office.
Examinations for positions open in
chemistry, physics, metallurgy, geol
ogy, mathematics, and other branch
es of physical science except mete
orology have been announced by the
U.S. Civil Service Commission. Ap
plications and information arc avail
able at the Palo Alto post office.
Examinations for positions open in
chemistry, physics, metallurgy, geol
ogy, mathematics, and other branch
es of physical science except mete
orology have been announced by the
U.S. Civil Service Commission. Ap
plications and information arc avail
able at the Palo Alto post office.
Examinations for positions open in
chemistry, physics, metallurgy, geol
ogy, mathematics, and other branch
es of physical science except mete
orology have been announced by the
U.S. Civil Service Commission. Ap
plications and information arc avail
able at the Palo Alto post office.
