# Untitled Article
## 
### 

CALIFORNIA QUARTERBACK BOB CELERI is nailed by Hal Walker, Stanford tackle, in first half
action at the Stadium last Saturday. —photo by Howard Garnick


DON ROBISON, University of California fullback, is being stopped by Stanford's Brace Van Al
styne (52), after a five-yard advance in the first quarter of Saturday's contest.

CALIFORNIA QUARTERBACK BOB CELERI is nailed by Hal Walker, Stanford tackle, in first half
action at the Stadium last Saturday. —photo by Howard Garnick


DON ROBISON, University of California fullback, is being stopped by Stanford's Brace Van Al
styne (52), after a five-yard advance in the first quarter of Saturday's contest.

CALIFORNIA QUARTERBACK BOB CELERI is nailed by Hal Walker, Stanford tackle, in first half
action at the Stadium last Saturday. —photo by Howard Garnick


DON ROBISON, University of California fullback, is being stopped by Stanford's Brace Van Al
styne (52), after a five-yard advance in the first quarter of Saturday's contest.

CALIFORNIA QUARTERBACK BOB CELERI is nailed by Hal Walker, Stanford tackle, in first half
action at the Stadium last Saturday. —photo by Howard Garnick


DON ROBISON, University of California fullback, is being stopped by Stanford's Brace Van Al
styne (52), after a five-yard advance in the first quarter of Saturday's contest.

CALIFORNIA QUARTERBACK BOB CELERI is nailed by Hal Walker, Stanford tackle, in first half
action at the Stadium last Saturday. —photo by Howard Garnick


DON ROBISON, University of California fullback, is being stopped by Stanford's Brace Van Al
styne (52), after a five-yard advance in the first quarter of Saturday's contest.

CALIFORNIA QUARTERBACK BOB CELERI is nailed by Hal Walker, Stanford tackle, in first half
action at the Stadium last Saturday. —photo by Howard Garnick


DON ROBISON, University of California fullback, is being stopped by Stanford's Brace Van Al
styne (52), after a five-yard advance in the first quarter of Saturday's contest.

CALIFORNIA QUARTERBACK BOB CELERI is nailed by Hal Walker, Stanford tackle, in first half
action at the Stadium last Saturday. —photo by Howard Garnick


DON ROBISON, University of California fullback, is being stopped by Stanford's Brace Van Al
styne (52), after a five-yard advance in the first quarter of Saturday's contest.

CALIFORNIA QUARTERBACK BOB CELERI is nailed by Hal Walker, Stanford tackle, in first half
action at the Stadium last Saturday. —photo by Howard Garnick


DON ROBISON, University of California fullback, is being stopped by Stanford's Brace Van Al
styne (52), after a five-yard advance in the first quarter of Saturday's contest.

CALIFORNIA QUARTERBACK BOB CELERI is nailed by Hal Walker, Stanford tackle, in first half
action at the Stadium last Saturday. —photo by Howard Garnick


DON ROBISON, University of California fullback, is being stopped by Stanford's Brace Van Al
styne (52), after a five-yard advance in the first quarter of Saturday's contest.

CALIFORNIA QUARTERBACK BOB CELERI is nailed by Hal Walker, Stanford tackle, in first half
action at the Stadium last Saturday. —photo by Howard Garnick


DON ROBISON, University of California fullback, is being stopped by Stanford's Brace Van Al
styne (52), after a five-yard advance in the first quarter of Saturday's contest.

CALIFORNIA QUARTERBACK BOB CELERI is nailed by Hal Walker, Stanford tackle, in first half
action at the Stadium last Saturday. —photo by Howard Garnick


DON ROBISON, University of California fullback, is being stopped by Stanford's Brace Van Al
styne (52), after a five-yard advance in the first quarter of Saturday's contest.

CALIFORNIA QUARTERBACK BOB CELERI is nailed by Hal Walker, Stanford tackle, in first half
action at the Stadium last Saturday. —photo by Howard Garnick


DON ROBISON, University of California fullback, is being stopped by Stanford's Brace Van Al
styne (52), after a five-yard advance in the first quarter of Saturday's contest.

CALIFORNIA QUARTERBACK BOB CELERI is nailed by Hal Walker, Stanford tackle, in first half
action at the Stadium last Saturday. —photo by Howard Garnick


DON ROBISON, University of California fullback, is being stopped by Stanford's Brace Van Al
styne (52), after a five-yard advance in the first quarter of Saturday's contest.

CALIFORNIA QUARTERBACK BOB CELERI is nailed by Hal Walker, Stanford tackle, in first half
action at the Stadium last Saturday. —photo by Howard Garnick


DON ROBISON, University of California fullback, is being stopped by Stanford's Brace Van Al
styne (52), after a five-yard advance in the first quarter of Saturday's contest.

CALIFORNIA QUARTERBACK BOB CELERI is nailed by Hal Walker, Stanford tackle, in first half
action at the Stadium last Saturday. —photo by Howard Garnick


DON ROBISON, University of California fullback, is being stopped by Stanford's Brace Van Al
styne (52), after a five-yard advance in the first quarter of Saturday's contest.

CALIFORNIA QUARTERBACK BOB CELERI is nailed by Hal Walker, Stanford tackle, in first half
action at the Stadium last Saturday. —photo by Howard Garnick


DON ROBISON, University of California fullback, is being stopped by Stanford's Brace Van Al
styne (52), after a five-yard advance in the first quarter of Saturday's contest.
