# DONS BELT MARQUETTE
## 
### 
Scoring in every period, the Uni
versity of S;in Francisco Dons de
feated Marquette's Uilltoppers .°.O-2()
Scoring in every period, the Uni
versity of S;in Francisco Dons de
feated Marquette's Uilltoppers .°.O-2()
Scoring in every period, the Uni
versity of S;in Francisco Dons de
feated Marquette's Uilltoppers .°.O-2()
Scoring in every period, the Uni
versity of S;in Francisco Dons de
feated Marquette's Uilltoppers .°.O-2()
Scoring in every period, the Uni
versity of S;in Francisco Dons de
feated Marquette's Uilltoppers .°.O-2()
Scoring in every period, the Uni
versity of S;in Francisco Dons de
feated Marquette's Uilltoppers .°.O-2()
Scoring in every period, the Uni
versity of S;in Francisco Dons de
feated Marquette's Uilltoppers .°.O-2()
Scoring in every period, the Uni
versity of S;in Francisco Dons de
feated Marquette's Uilltoppers .°.O-2()
Scoring in every period, the Uni
versity of S;in Francisco Dons de
feated Marquette's Uilltoppers .°.O-2()
Scoring in every period, the Uni
versity of S;in Francisco Dons de
feated Marquette's Uilltoppers .°.O-2()
Scoring in every period, the Uni
versity of S;in Francisco Dons de
feated Marquette's Uilltoppers .°.O-2()
Scoring in every period, the Uni
versity of S;in Francisco Dons de
feated Marquette's Uilltoppers .°.O-2()
Scoring in every period, the Uni
versity of S;in Francisco Dons de
feated Marquette's Uilltoppers .°.O-2()
Scoring in every period, the Uni
versity of S;in Francisco Dons de
feated Marquette's Uilltoppers .°.O-2()
Scoring in every period, the Uni
versity of S;in Francisco Dons de
feated Marquette's Uilltoppers .°.O-2()
Scoring in every period, the Uni
versity of S;in Francisco Dons de
feated Marquette's Uilltoppers .°.O-2()
