# SF Stale Band To Play Gershwin
## 
### 
Featuring the "Rhapsody in Blue"
of George Gershwin and Elaine Da
melc, pianist, the San Francisco
State College Concert Band, under
the direction of Lee Chrisman, will
present a concert tomorrow at 8
p.m. in the George Washington High
School Auditorium. Included in the
program will be works of Schubert.,
Cerubini, Purcell, Liedow, Chaus
,son, and Dclus.
The concert band has 92 members,
and is the only band on the West
Coast with four alto and four bass
clarinets. Invited last year to play
for the Music Educators' National
Conference at Sacramento, the band
will appear this year in the Burlin
gamc Children's Scries Saturday.
Lee Chrisman, conductor, was for
merly assistant conductor with the
University of Michigan Band.
Featuring the "Rhapsody in Blue"
of George Gershwin and Elaine Da
melc, pianist, the San Francisco
State College Concert Band, under
the direction of Lee Chrisman, will
present a concert tomorrow at 8
p.m. in the George Washington High
School Auditorium. Included in the
program will be works of Schubert.,
Cerubini, Purcell, Liedow, Chaus
,son, and Dclus.
The concert band has 92 members,
and is the only band on the West
Coast with four alto and four bass
clarinets. Invited last year to play
for the Music Educators' National
Conference at Sacramento, the band
will appear this year in the Burlin
gamc Children's Scries Saturday.
Lee Chrisman, conductor, was for
merly assistant conductor with the
University of Michigan Band.
Featuring the "Rhapsody in Blue"
of George Gershwin and Elaine Da
melc, pianist, the San Francisco
State College Concert Band, under
the direction of Lee Chrisman, will
present a concert tomorrow at 8
p.m. in the George Washington High
School Auditorium. Included in the
program will be works of Schubert.,
Cerubini, Purcell, Liedow, Chaus
,son, and Dclus.
The concert band has 92 members,
and is the only band on the West
Coast with four alto and four bass
clarinets. Invited last year to play
for the Music Educators' National
Conference at Sacramento, the band
will appear this year in the Burlin
gamc Children's Scries Saturday.
Lee Chrisman, conductor, was for
merly assistant conductor with the
University of Michigan Band.
Featuring the "Rhapsody in Blue"
of George Gershwin and Elaine Da
melc, pianist, the San Francisco
State College Concert Band, under
the direction of Lee Chrisman, will
present a concert tomorrow at 8
p.m. in the George Washington High
School Auditorium. Included in the
program will be works of Schubert.,
Cerubini, Purcell, Liedow, Chaus
,son, and Dclus.
The concert band has 92 members,
and is the only band on the West
Coast with four alto and four bass
clarinets. Invited last year to play
for the Music Educators' National
Conference at Sacramento, the band
will appear this year in the Burlin
gamc Children's Scries Saturday.
Lee Chrisman, conductor, was for
merly assistant conductor with the
University of Michigan Band.
Featuring the "Rhapsody in Blue"
of George Gershwin and Elaine Da
melc, pianist, the San Francisco
State College Concert Band, under
the direction of Lee Chrisman, will
present a concert tomorrow at 8
p.m. in the George Washington High
School Auditorium. Included in the
program will be works of Schubert.,
Cerubini, Purcell, Liedow, Chaus
,son, and Dclus.
The concert band has 92 members,
and is the only band on the West
Coast with four alto and four bass
clarinets. Invited last year to play
for the Music Educators' National
Conference at Sacramento, the band
will appear this year in the Burlin
gamc Children's Scries Saturday.
Lee Chrisman, conductor, was for
merly assistant conductor with the
University of Michigan Band.
Featuring the "Rhapsody in Blue"
of George Gershwin and Elaine Da
melc, pianist, the San Francisco
State College Concert Band, under
the direction of Lee Chrisman, will
present a concert tomorrow at 8
p.m. in the George Washington High
School Auditorium. Included in the
program will be works of Schubert.,
Cerubini, Purcell, Liedow, Chaus
,son, and Dclus.
The concert band has 92 members,
and is the only band on the West
Coast with four alto and four bass
clarinets. Invited last year to play
for the Music Educators' National
Conference at Sacramento, the band
will appear this year in the Burlin
gamc Children's Scries Saturday.
Lee Chrisman, conductor, was for
merly assistant conductor with the
University of Michigan Band.
Featuring the "Rhapsody in Blue"
of George Gershwin and Elaine Da
melc, pianist, the San Francisco
State College Concert Band, under
the direction of Lee Chrisman, will
present a concert tomorrow at 8
p.m. in the George Washington High
School Auditorium. Included in the
program will be works of Schubert.,
Cerubini, Purcell, Liedow, Chaus
,son, and Dclus.
The concert band has 92 members,
and is the only band on the West
Coast with four alto and four bass
clarinets. Invited last year to play
for the Music Educators' National
Conference at Sacramento, the band
will appear this year in the Burlin
gamc Children's Scries Saturday.
Lee Chrisman, conductor, was for
merly assistant conductor with the
University of Michigan Band.
Featuring the "Rhapsody in Blue"
of George Gershwin and Elaine Da
melc, pianist, the San Francisco
State College Concert Band, under
the direction of Lee Chrisman, will
present a concert tomorrow at 8
p.m. in the George Washington High
School Auditorium. Included in the
program will be works of Schubert.,
Cerubini, Purcell, Liedow, Chaus
,son, and Dclus.
The concert band has 92 members,
and is the only band on the West
Coast with four alto and four bass
clarinets. Invited last year to play
for the Music Educators' National
Conference at Sacramento, the band
will appear this year in the Burlin
gamc Children's Scries Saturday.
Lee Chrisman, conductor, was for
merly assistant conductor with the
University of Michigan Band.
Featuring the "Rhapsody in Blue"
of George Gershwin and Elaine Da
melc, pianist, the San Francisco
State College Concert Band, under
the direction of Lee Chrisman, will
present a concert tomorrow at 8
p.m. in the George Washington High
School Auditorium. Included in the
program will be works of Schubert.,
Cerubini, Purcell, Liedow, Chaus
,son, and Dclus.
The concert band has 92 members,
and is the only band on the West
Coast with four alto and four bass
clarinets. Invited last year to play
for the Music Educators' National
Conference at Sacramento, the band
will appear this year in the Burlin
gamc Children's Scries Saturday.
Lee Chrisman, conductor, was for
merly assistant conductor with the
University of Michigan Band.
Featuring the "Rhapsody in Blue"
of George Gershwin and Elaine Da
melc, pianist, the San Francisco
State College Concert Band, under
the direction of Lee Chrisman, will
present a concert tomorrow at 8
p.m. in the George Washington High
School Auditorium. Included in the
program will be works of Schubert.,
Cerubini, Purcell, Liedow, Chaus
,son, and Dclus.
The concert band has 92 members,
and is the only band on the West
Coast with four alto and four bass
clarinets. Invited last year to play
for the Music Educators' National
Conference at Sacramento, the band
will appear this year in the Burlin
gamc Children's Scries Saturday.
Lee Chrisman, conductor, was for
merly assistant conductor with the
University of Michigan Band.
Featuring the "Rhapsody in Blue"
of George Gershwin and Elaine Da
melc, pianist, the San Francisco
State College Concert Band, under
the direction of Lee Chrisman, will
present a concert tomorrow at 8
p.m. in the George Washington High
School Auditorium. Included in the
program will be works of Schubert.,
Cerubini, Purcell, Liedow, Chaus
,son, and Dclus.
The concert band has 92 members,
and is the only band on the West
Coast with four alto and four bass
clarinets. Invited last year to play
for the Music Educators' National
Conference at Sacramento, the band
will appear this year in the Burlin
gamc Children's Scries Saturday.
Lee Chrisman, conductor, was for
merly assistant conductor with the
University of Michigan Band.
Featuring the "Rhapsody in Blue"
of George Gershwin and Elaine Da
melc, pianist, the San Francisco
State College Concert Band, under
the direction of Lee Chrisman, will
present a concert tomorrow at 8
p.m. in the George Washington High
School Auditorium. Included in the
program will be works of Schubert.,
Cerubini, Purcell, Liedow, Chaus
,son, and Dclus.
The concert band has 92 members,
and is the only band on the West
Coast with four alto and four bass
clarinets. Invited last year to play
for the Music Educators' National
Conference at Sacramento, the band
will appear this year in the Burlin
gamc Children's Scries Saturday.
Lee Chrisman, conductor, was for
merly assistant conductor with the
University of Michigan Band.
Featuring the "Rhapsody in Blue"
of George Gershwin and Elaine Da
melc, pianist, the San Francisco
State College Concert Band, under
the direction of Lee Chrisman, will
present a concert tomorrow at 8
p.m. in the George Washington High
School Auditorium. Included in the
program will be works of Schubert.,
Cerubini, Purcell, Liedow, Chaus
,son, and Dclus.
The concert band has 92 members,
and is the only band on the West
Coast with four alto and four bass
clarinets. Invited last year to play
for the Music Educators' National
Conference at Sacramento, the band
will appear this year in the Burlin
gamc Children's Scries Saturday.
Lee Chrisman, conductor, was for
merly assistant conductor with the
University of Michigan Band.
Featuring the "Rhapsody in Blue"
of George Gershwin and Elaine Da
melc, pianist, the San Francisco
State College Concert Band, under
the direction of Lee Chrisman, will
present a concert tomorrow at 8
p.m. in the George Washington High
School Auditorium. Included in the
program will be works of Schubert.,
Cerubini, Purcell, Liedow, Chaus
,son, and Dclus.
The concert band has 92 members,
and is the only band on the West
Coast with four alto and four bass
clarinets. Invited last year to play
for the Music Educators' National
Conference at Sacramento, the band
will appear this year in the Burlin
gamc Children's Scries Saturday.
Lee Chrisman, conductor, was for
merly assistant conductor with the
University of Michigan Band.
Featuring the "Rhapsody in Blue"
of George Gershwin and Elaine Da
melc, pianist, the San Francisco
State College Concert Band, under
the direction of Lee Chrisman, will
present a concert tomorrow at 8
p.m. in the George Washington High
School Auditorium. Included in the
program will be works of Schubert.,
Cerubini, Purcell, Liedow, Chaus
,son, and Dclus.
The concert band has 92 members,
and is the only band on the West
Coast with four alto and four bass
clarinets. Invited last year to play
for the Music Educators' National
Conference at Sacramento, the band
will appear this year in the Burlin
gamc Children's Scries Saturday.
Lee Chrisman, conductor, was for
merly assistant conductor with the
University of Michigan Band.
Featuring the "Rhapsody in Blue"
of George Gershwin and Elaine Da
melc, pianist, the San Francisco
State College Concert Band, under
the direction of Lee Chrisman, will
present a concert tomorrow at 8
p.m. in the George Washington High
School Auditorium. Included in the
program will be works of Schubert.,
Cerubini, Purcell, Liedow, Chaus
,son, and Dclus.
The concert band has 92 members,
and is the only band on the West
Coast with four alto and four bass
clarinets. Invited last year to play
for the Music Educators' National
Conference at Sacramento, the band
will appear this year in the Burlin
gamc Children's Scries Saturday.
Lee Chrisman, conductor, was for
merly assistant conductor with the
University of Michigan Band.
