# Men's Basketball vs. UCLA
## 
### 
TONIGHT — 9:00 p.m. in Maples
Pavilion.
RECORDS — Stanford (6-16 over
all, 1-9 Pac-10); UCLA (16-7, 6-5).
TELEVISION - ESPN will televise
the game nationally as the third
card on its Thursday Night Triple
header, with Barry Tompkins on
play-by-play and Dan Belluomini
on color.
RADIO — Mark Oppenheimer han
dles the play-by-play for KZSU
(90.1 FM); Bob Murphy and Tim
Liotta call the action for KFRC
(610 AM).
BRUIN BANTER - Forward Ed
O'Bannon leads UCLA with an
average of 17.0 points per game.
Guard Shon Tarver is next at 16.9
ppg. . .Tarver was named the
Pac-10 Player of the Week after
scoring a combined 50 points in
home games against the Oregon
schools last weekend.
TONIGHT — 9:00 p.m. in Maples
Pavilion.
RECORDS — Stanford (6-16 over
all, 1-9 Pac-10); UCLA (16-7, 6-5).
TELEVISION - ESPN will televise
the game nationally as the third
card on its Thursday Night Triple
header, with Barry Tompkins on
play-by-play and Dan Belluomini
on color.
RADIO — Mark Oppenheimer han
dles the play-by-play for KZSU
(90.1 FM); Bob Murphy and Tim
Liotta call the action for KFRC
(610 AM).
BRUIN BANTER - Forward Ed
O'Bannon leads UCLA with an
average of 17.0 points per game.
Guard Shon Tarver is next at 16.9
ppg. . .Tarver was named the
Pac-10 Player of the Week after
scoring a combined 50 points in
home games against the Oregon
schools last weekend.
TONIGHT — 9:00 p.m. in Maples
Pavilion.
RECORDS — Stanford (6-16 over
all, 1-9 Pac-10); UCLA (16-7, 6-5).
TELEVISION - ESPN will televise
the game nationally as the third
card on its Thursday Night Triple
header, with Barry Tompkins on
play-by-play and Dan Belluomini
on color.
RADIO — Mark Oppenheimer han
dles the play-by-play for KZSU
(90.1 FM); Bob Murphy and Tim
Liotta call the action for KFRC
(610 AM).
BRUIN BANTER - Forward Ed
O'Bannon leads UCLA with an
average of 17.0 points per game.
Guard Shon Tarver is next at 16.9
ppg. . .Tarver was named the
Pac-10 Player of the Week after
scoring a combined 50 points in
home games against the Oregon
schools last weekend.
TONIGHT — 9:00 p.m. in Maples
Pavilion.
RECORDS — Stanford (6-16 over
all, 1-9 Pac-10); UCLA (16-7, 6-5).
TELEVISION - ESPN will televise
the game nationally as the third
card on its Thursday Night Triple
header, with Barry Tompkins on
play-by-play and Dan Belluomini
on color.
RADIO — Mark Oppenheimer han
dles the play-by-play for KZSU
(90.1 FM); Bob Murphy and Tim
Liotta call the action for KFRC
(610 AM).
BRUIN BANTER - Forward Ed
O'Bannon leads UCLA with an
average of 17.0 points per game.
Guard Shon Tarver is next at 16.9
ppg. . .Tarver was named the
Pac-10 Player of the Week after
scoring a combined 50 points in
home games against the Oregon
schools last weekend.
TONIGHT — 9:00 p.m. in Maples
Pavilion.
RECORDS — Stanford (6-16 over
all, 1-9 Pac-10); UCLA (16-7, 6-5).
TELEVISION - ESPN will televise
the game nationally as the third
card on its Thursday Night Triple
header, with Barry Tompkins on
play-by-play and Dan Belluomini
on color.
RADIO — Mark Oppenheimer han
dles the play-by-play for KZSU
(90.1 FM); Bob Murphy and Tim
Liotta call the action for KFRC
(610 AM).
BRUIN BANTER - Forward Ed
O'Bannon leads UCLA with an
average of 17.0 points per game.
Guard Shon Tarver is next at 16.9
ppg. . .Tarver was named the
Pac-10 Player of the Week after
scoring a combined 50 points in
home games against the Oregon
schools last weekend.
TONIGHT — 9:00 p.m. in Maples
Pavilion.
RECORDS — Stanford (6-16 over
all, 1-9 Pac-10); UCLA (16-7, 6-5).
TELEVISION - ESPN will televise
the game nationally as the third
card on its Thursday Night Triple
header, with Barry Tompkins on
play-by-play and Dan Belluomini
on color.
RADIO — Mark Oppenheimer han
dles the play-by-play for KZSU
(90.1 FM); Bob Murphy and Tim
Liotta call the action for KFRC
(610 AM).
BRUIN BANTER - Forward Ed
O'Bannon leads UCLA with an
average of 17.0 points per game.
Guard Shon Tarver is next at 16.9
ppg. . .Tarver was named the
Pac-10 Player of the Week after
scoring a combined 50 points in
home games against the Oregon
schools last weekend.
TONIGHT — 9:00 p.m. in Maples
Pavilion.
RECORDS — Stanford (6-16 over
all, 1-9 Pac-10); UCLA (16-7, 6-5).
TELEVISION - ESPN will televise
the game nationally as the third
card on its Thursday Night Triple
header, with Barry Tompkins on
play-by-play and Dan Belluomini
on color.
RADIO — Mark Oppenheimer han
dles the play-by-play for KZSU
(90.1 FM); Bob Murphy and Tim
Liotta call the action for KFRC
(610 AM).
BRUIN BANTER - Forward Ed
O'Bannon leads UCLA with an
average of 17.0 points per game.
Guard Shon Tarver is next at 16.9
ppg. . .Tarver was named the
Pac-10 Player of the Week after
scoring a combined 50 points in
home games against the Oregon
schools last weekend.
