# Adv. 3 Page 4
## 
### 
44 Observations 99
"I was sitting in my little studio kind of noodling with the guitar
and suddenly, du du du du duuu... and I said, 'That's something I
ought to keep'"
— Musician John Fogerty, on his new song, "Old Man Down the Road,"
which owners of the rights to the old Creedence Clearwater Revival
songs claim sounds too much like an earlier hit he wrote when with
that group.
44 Observations 99
"I was sitting in my little studio kind of noodling with the guitar
and suddenly, du du du du duuu... and I said, 'That's something I
ought to keep'"
— Musician John Fogerty, on his new song, "Old Man Down the Road,"
which owners of the rights to the old Creedence Clearwater Revival
songs claim sounds too much like an earlier hit he wrote when with
that group.
44 Observations 99
"I was sitting in my little studio kind of noodling with the guitar
and suddenly, du du du du duuu... and I said, 'That's something I
ought to keep'"
— Musician John Fogerty, on his new song, "Old Man Down the Road,"
which owners of the rights to the old Creedence Clearwater Revival
songs claim sounds too much like an earlier hit he wrote when with
that group.
44 Observations 99
"I was sitting in my little studio kind of noodling with the guitar
and suddenly, du du du du duuu... and I said, 'That's something I
ought to keep'"
— Musician John Fogerty, on his new song, "Old Man Down the Road,"
which owners of the rights to the old Creedence Clearwater Revival
songs claim sounds too much like an earlier hit he wrote when with
that group.
44 Observations 99
"I was sitting in my little studio kind of noodling with the guitar
and suddenly, du du du du duuu... and I said, 'That's something I
ought to keep'"
— Musician John Fogerty, on his new song, "Old Man Down the Road,"
which owners of the rights to the old Creedence Clearwater Revival
songs claim sounds too much like an earlier hit he wrote when with
that group.
44 Observations 99
"I was sitting in my little studio kind of noodling with the guitar
and suddenly, du du du du duuu... and I said, 'That's something I
ought to keep'"
— Musician John Fogerty, on his new song, "Old Man Down the Road,"
which owners of the rights to the old Creedence Clearwater Revival
songs claim sounds too much like an earlier hit he wrote when with
that group.
44 Observations 99
"I was sitting in my little studio kind of noodling with the guitar
and suddenly, du du du du duuu... and I said, 'That's something I
ought to keep'"
— Musician John Fogerty, on his new song, "Old Man Down the Road,"
which owners of the rights to the old Creedence Clearwater Revival
songs claim sounds too much like an earlier hit he wrote when with
that group.
44 Observations 99
"I was sitting in my little studio kind of noodling with the guitar
and suddenly, du du du du duuu... and I said, 'That's something I
ought to keep'"
— Musician John Fogerty, on his new song, "Old Man Down the Road,"
which owners of the rights to the old Creedence Clearwater Revival
songs claim sounds too much like an earlier hit he wrote when with
that group.
