# ROOSEVELT'S CONDITION IS PRONOUNCED SERIOUS.
## 
### 
Colonel Roosevelt's condition was
pronounced by his surgeons, late this
afternoon, to be more serious than
was at first reported, since all hope
that the patient was suffering from a
mere flesh wound had to be abandoned
after a preliminary examination had
been made.
The assasin's bullet entered Colonel
Roosevelt's chest low, and ranged up
ward about four inches, passing the
heart by a narrow margin.
An operation to dislodge the bullet
will not be considered feasible for
three or four days. In the meantime
absolute quiet for the patient is de
manded by the attending surgeons.
The ex-president rested well this
afternoon, propped up in bed by
pillows. His temperature ranged be
tween 98 and 99 degrees, and respira
tion was normal.
Colonel Roosevelt's condition was
pronounced by his surgeons, late this
afternoon, to be more serious than
was at first reported, since all hope
that the patient was suffering from a
mere flesh wound had to be abandoned
after a preliminary examination had
been made.
The assasin's bullet entered Colonel
Roosevelt's chest low, and ranged up
ward about four inches, passing the
heart by a narrow margin.
An operation to dislodge the bullet
will not be considered feasible for
three or four days. In the meantime
absolute quiet for the patient is de
manded by the attending surgeons.
The ex-president rested well this
afternoon, propped up in bed by
pillows. His temperature ranged be
tween 98 and 99 degrees, and respira
tion was normal.
Colonel Roosevelt's condition was
pronounced by his surgeons, late this
afternoon, to be more serious than
was at first reported, since all hope
that the patient was suffering from a
mere flesh wound had to be abandoned
after a preliminary examination had
been made.
The assasin's bullet entered Colonel
Roosevelt's chest low, and ranged up
ward about four inches, passing the
heart by a narrow margin.
An operation to dislodge the bullet
will not be considered feasible for
three or four days. In the meantime
absolute quiet for the patient is de
manded by the attending surgeons.
The ex-president rested well this
afternoon, propped up in bed by
pillows. His temperature ranged be
tween 98 and 99 degrees, and respira
tion was normal.
Colonel Roosevelt's condition was
pronounced by his surgeons, late this
afternoon, to be more serious than
was at first reported, since all hope
that the patient was suffering from a
mere flesh wound had to be abandoned
after a preliminary examination had
been made.
The assasin's bullet entered Colonel
Roosevelt's chest low, and ranged up
ward about four inches, passing the
heart by a narrow margin.
An operation to dislodge the bullet
will not be considered feasible for
three or four days. In the meantime
absolute quiet for the patient is de
manded by the attending surgeons.
The ex-president rested well this
afternoon, propped up in bed by
pillows. His temperature ranged be
tween 98 and 99 degrees, and respira
tion was normal.
Colonel Roosevelt's condition was
pronounced by his surgeons, late this
afternoon, to be more serious than
was at first reported, since all hope
that the patient was suffering from a
mere flesh wound had to be abandoned
after a preliminary examination had
been made.
The assasin's bullet entered Colonel
Roosevelt's chest low, and ranged up
ward about four inches, passing the
heart by a narrow margin.
An operation to dislodge the bullet
will not be considered feasible for
three or four days. In the meantime
absolute quiet for the patient is de
manded by the attending surgeons.
The ex-president rested well this
afternoon, propped up in bed by
pillows. His temperature ranged be
tween 98 and 99 degrees, and respira
tion was normal.
Colonel Roosevelt's condition was
pronounced by his surgeons, late this
afternoon, to be more serious than
was at first reported, since all hope
that the patient was suffering from a
mere flesh wound had to be abandoned
after a preliminary examination had
been made.
The assasin's bullet entered Colonel
Roosevelt's chest low, and ranged up
ward about four inches, passing the
heart by a narrow margin.
An operation to dislodge the bullet
will not be considered feasible for
three or four days. In the meantime
absolute quiet for the patient is de
manded by the attending surgeons.
The ex-president rested well this
afternoon, propped up in bed by
pillows. His temperature ranged be
tween 98 and 99 degrees, and respira
tion was normal.
Colonel Roosevelt's condition was
pronounced by his surgeons, late this
afternoon, to be more serious than
was at first reported, since all hope
that the patient was suffering from a
mere flesh wound had to be abandoned
after a preliminary examination had
been made.
The assasin's bullet entered Colonel
Roosevelt's chest low, and ranged up
ward about four inches, passing the
heart by a narrow margin.
An operation to dislodge the bullet
will not be considered feasible for
three or four days. In the meantime
absolute quiet for the patient is de
manded by the attending surgeons.
The ex-president rested well this
afternoon, propped up in bed by
pillows. His temperature ranged be
tween 98 and 99 degrees, and respira
tion was normal.
Colonel Roosevelt's condition was
pronounced by his surgeons, late this
afternoon, to be more serious than
was at first reported, since all hope
that the patient was suffering from a
mere flesh wound had to be abandoned
after a preliminary examination had
been made.
The assasin's bullet entered Colonel
Roosevelt's chest low, and ranged up
ward about four inches, passing the
heart by a narrow margin.
An operation to dislodge the bullet
will not be considered feasible for
three or four days. In the meantime
absolute quiet for the patient is de
manded by the attending surgeons.
The ex-president rested well this
afternoon, propped up in bed by
pillows. His temperature ranged be
tween 98 and 99 degrees, and respira
tion was normal.
Colonel Roosevelt's condition was
pronounced by his surgeons, late this
afternoon, to be more serious than
was at first reported, since all hope
that the patient was suffering from a
mere flesh wound had to be abandoned
after a preliminary examination had
been made.
The assasin's bullet entered Colonel
Roosevelt's chest low, and ranged up
ward about four inches, passing the
heart by a narrow margin.
An operation to dislodge the bullet
will not be considered feasible for
three or four days. In the meantime
absolute quiet for the patient is de
manded by the attending surgeons.
The ex-president rested well this
afternoon, propped up in bed by
pillows. His temperature ranged be
tween 98 and 99 degrees, and respira
tion was normal.
Colonel Roosevelt's condition was
pronounced by his surgeons, late this
afternoon, to be more serious than
was at first reported, since all hope
that the patient was suffering from a
mere flesh wound had to be abandoned
after a preliminary examination had
been made.
The assasin's bullet entered Colonel
Roosevelt's chest low, and ranged up
ward about four inches, passing the
heart by a narrow margin.
An operation to dislodge the bullet
will not be considered feasible for
three or four days. In the meantime
absolute quiet for the patient is de
manded by the attending surgeons.
The ex-president rested well this
afternoon, propped up in bed by
pillows. His temperature ranged be
tween 98 and 99 degrees, and respira
tion was normal.
Colonel Roosevelt's condition was
pronounced by his surgeons, late this
afternoon, to be more serious than
was at first reported, since all hope
that the patient was suffering from a
mere flesh wound had to be abandoned
after a preliminary examination had
been made.
The assasin's bullet entered Colonel
Roosevelt's chest low, and ranged up
ward about four inches, passing the
heart by a narrow margin.
An operation to dislodge the bullet
will not be considered feasible for
three or four days. In the meantime
absolute quiet for the patient is de
manded by the attending surgeons.
The ex-president rested well this
afternoon, propped up in bed by
pillows. His temperature ranged be
tween 98 and 99 degrees, and respira
tion was normal.
Colonel Roosevelt's condition was
pronounced by his surgeons, late this
afternoon, to be more serious than
was at first reported, since all hope
that the patient was suffering from a
mere flesh wound had to be abandoned
after a preliminary examination had
been made.
The assasin's bullet entered Colonel
Roosevelt's chest low, and ranged up
ward about four inches, passing the
heart by a narrow margin.
An operation to dislodge the bullet
will not be considered feasible for
three or four days. In the meantime
absolute quiet for the patient is de
manded by the attending surgeons.
The ex-president rested well this
afternoon, propped up in bed by
pillows. His temperature ranged be
tween 98 and 99 degrees, and respira
tion was normal.
Colonel Roosevelt's condition was
pronounced by his surgeons, late this
afternoon, to be more serious than
was at first reported, since all hope
that the patient was suffering from a
mere flesh wound had to be abandoned
after a preliminary examination had
been made.
The assasin's bullet entered Colonel
Roosevelt's chest low, and ranged up
ward about four inches, passing the
heart by a narrow margin.
An operation to dislodge the bullet
will not be considered feasible for
three or four days. In the meantime
absolute quiet for the patient is de
manded by the attending surgeons.
The ex-president rested well this
afternoon, propped up in bed by
pillows. His temperature ranged be
tween 98 and 99 degrees, and respira
tion was normal.
