# CHANGE IN STATE GUARD
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO, Jan. (5 (UP)
Reorganization of the California
state guard was approved unani
mously by a legislative interim com
mittee tonight but the appropriation
was held over until more data are
available tomorrow.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. (5 (UP)
Reorganization of the California
state guard was approved unani
mously by a legislative interim com
mittee tonight but the appropriation
was held over until more data are
available tomorrow.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. (5 (UP)
Reorganization of the California
state guard was approved unani
mously by a legislative interim com
mittee tonight but the appropriation
was held over until more data are
available tomorrow.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. (5 (UP)
Reorganization of the California
state guard was approved unani
mously by a legislative interim com
mittee tonight but the appropriation
was held over until more data are
available tomorrow.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. (5 (UP)
Reorganization of the California
state guard was approved unani
mously by a legislative interim com
mittee tonight but the appropriation
was held over until more data are
available tomorrow.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. (5 (UP)
Reorganization of the California
state guard was approved unani
mously by a legislative interim com
mittee tonight but the appropriation
was held over until more data are
available tomorrow.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. (5 (UP)
Reorganization of the California
state guard was approved unani
mously by a legislative interim com
mittee tonight but the appropriation
was held over until more data are
available tomorrow.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. (5 (UP)
Reorganization of the California
state guard was approved unani
mously by a legislative interim com
mittee tonight but the appropriation
was held over until more data are
available tomorrow.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. (5 (UP)
Reorganization of the California
state guard was approved unani
mously by a legislative interim com
mittee tonight but the appropriation
was held over until more data are
available tomorrow.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. (5 (UP)
Reorganization of the California
state guard was approved unani
mously by a legislative interim com
mittee tonight but the appropriation
was held over until more data are
available tomorrow.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. (5 (UP)
Reorganization of the California
state guard was approved unani
mously by a legislative interim com
mittee tonight but the appropriation
was held over until more data are
available tomorrow.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. (5 (UP)
Reorganization of the California
state guard was approved unani
mously by a legislative interim com
mittee tonight but the appropriation
was held over until more data are
available tomorrow.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. (5 (UP)
Reorganization of the California
state guard was approved unani
mously by a legislative interim com
mittee tonight but the appropriation
was held over until more data are
available tomorrow.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. (5 (UP)
Reorganization of the California
state guard was approved unani
mously by a legislative interim com
mittee tonight but the appropriation
was held over until more data are
available tomorrow.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. (5 (UP)
Reorganization of the California
state guard was approved unani
mously by a legislative interim com
mittee tonight but the appropriation
was held over until more data are
available tomorrow.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. (5 (UP)
Reorganization of the California
state guard was approved unani
mously by a legislative interim com
mittee tonight but the appropriation
was held over until more data are
available tomorrow.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. (5 (UP)
Reorganization of the California
state guard was approved unani
mously by a legislative interim com
mittee tonight but the appropriation
was held over until more data are
available tomorrow.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. (5 (UP)
Reorganization of the California
state guard was approved unani
mously by a legislative interim com
mittee tonight but the appropriation
was held over until more data are
available tomorrow.
