# Bob Rucker Dies During Ski Party
## 
### 
Robert H. Rucker, 29, Stanford
i sophomore and Alpha Delt, died of
! a cerebral hemorrhage during a ski
ing trip to Mount Spokane, Wash
ington, on Sunday, December 28.
Funeral services were held in Ruck
tr's home lovvn, Spokane, last Tues
day.
Recognized as an outstanding skier
and golfer on the Stanford campus,
Rucker wa.s a member of a skiing
party to a Mount Spokane winter
sports area. He collapsed while
talking to a group of friends at the
top of a ski lift, and death was al
most immediate.. A contributing
factor apparently was a congenital
condition from which Rucker had
previously suffered.

Australian metallurgists have pro
duced a bullet-proof armor plate
cheaper than any made in the U.S.
