# Farm Art Gallery Displays Paintings
## 
### 
The paintings of noted California
artists, four from the northern and
six from the southern part of the
state, are now being featured in the
Stanford Art Gallery. The exhi
bition will remain until January 15.
Each of the six artists from South
ern California has sent four paint
ings making a total of twenty-four
subjects, an excellent variation of
well-painted pictures done in oil.
The presentation is opened to the
public between 10 and 5 o'clock
every day of the week.
The paintings of noted California
artists, four from the northern and
six from the southern part of the
state, are now being featured in the
Stanford Art Gallery. The exhi
bition will remain until January 15.
Each of the six artists from South
ern California has sent four paint
ings making a total of twenty-four
subjects, an excellent variation of
well-painted pictures done in oil.
The presentation is opened to the
public between 10 and 5 o'clock
every day of the week.
The paintings of noted California
artists, four from the northern and
six from the southern part of the
state, are now being featured in the
Stanford Art Gallery. The exhi
bition will remain until January 15.
Each of the six artists from South
ern California has sent four paint
ings making a total of twenty-four
subjects, an excellent variation of
well-painted pictures done in oil.
The presentation is opened to the
public between 10 and 5 o'clock
every day of the week.
The paintings of noted California
artists, four from the northern and
six from the southern part of the
state, are now being featured in the
Stanford Art Gallery. The exhi
bition will remain until January 15.
Each of the six artists from South
ern California has sent four paint
ings making a total of twenty-four
subjects, an excellent variation of
well-painted pictures done in oil.
The presentation is opened to the
public between 10 and 5 o'clock
every day of the week.
The paintings of noted California
artists, four from the northern and
six from the southern part of the
state, are now being featured in the
Stanford Art Gallery. The exhi
bition will remain until January 15.
Each of the six artists from South
ern California has sent four paint
ings making a total of twenty-four
subjects, an excellent variation of
well-painted pictures done in oil.
The presentation is opened to the
public between 10 and 5 o'clock
every day of the week.
The paintings of noted California
artists, four from the northern and
six from the southern part of the
state, are now being featured in the
Stanford Art Gallery. The exhi
bition will remain until January 15.
Each of the six artists from South
ern California has sent four paint
ings making a total of twenty-four
subjects, an excellent variation of
well-painted pictures done in oil.
The presentation is opened to the
public between 10 and 5 o'clock
every day of the week.
The paintings of noted California
artists, four from the northern and
six from the southern part of the
state, are now being featured in the
Stanford Art Gallery. The exhi
bition will remain until January 15.
Each of the six artists from South
ern California has sent four paint
ings making a total of twenty-four
subjects, an excellent variation of
well-painted pictures done in oil.
The presentation is opened to the
public between 10 and 5 o'clock
every day of the week.
The paintings of noted California
artists, four from the northern and
six from the southern part of the
state, are now being featured in the
Stanford Art Gallery. The exhi
bition will remain until January 15.
Each of the six artists from South
ern California has sent four paint
ings making a total of twenty-four
subjects, an excellent variation of
well-painted pictures done in oil.
The presentation is opened to the
public between 10 and 5 o'clock
every day of the week.
The paintings of noted California
artists, four from the northern and
six from the southern part of the
state, are now being featured in the
Stanford Art Gallery. The exhi
bition will remain until January 15.
Each of the six artists from South
ern California has sent four paint
ings making a total of twenty-four
subjects, an excellent variation of
well-painted pictures done in oil.
The presentation is opened to the
public between 10 and 5 o'clock
every day of the week.
The paintings of noted California
artists, four from the northern and
six from the southern part of the
state, are now being featured in the
Stanford Art Gallery. The exhi
bition will remain until January 15.
Each of the six artists from South
ern California has sent four paint
ings making a total of twenty-four
subjects, an excellent variation of
well-painted pictures done in oil.
The presentation is opened to the
public between 10 and 5 o'clock
every day of the week.
The paintings of noted California
artists, four from the northern and
six from the southern part of the
state, are now being featured in the
Stanford Art Gallery. The exhi
bition will remain until January 15.
Each of the six artists from South
ern California has sent four paint
ings making a total of twenty-four
subjects, an excellent variation of
well-painted pictures done in oil.
The presentation is opened to the
public between 10 and 5 o'clock
every day of the week.
The paintings of noted California
artists, four from the northern and
six from the southern part of the
state, are now being featured in the
Stanford Art Gallery. The exhi
bition will remain until January 15.
Each of the six artists from South
ern California has sent four paint
ings making a total of twenty-four
subjects, an excellent variation of
well-painted pictures done in oil.
The presentation is opened to the
public between 10 and 5 o'clock
every day of the week.
The paintings of noted California
artists, four from the northern and
six from the southern part of the
state, are now being featured in the
Stanford Art Gallery. The exhi
bition will remain until January 15.
Each of the six artists from South
ern California has sent four paint
ings making a total of twenty-four
subjects, an excellent variation of
well-painted pictures done in oil.
The presentation is opened to the
public between 10 and 5 o'clock
every day of the week.
The paintings of noted California
artists, four from the northern and
six from the southern part of the
state, are now being featured in the
Stanford Art Gallery. The exhi
bition will remain until January 15.
Each of the six artists from South
ern California has sent four paint
ings making a total of twenty-four
subjects, an excellent variation of
well-painted pictures done in oil.
The presentation is opened to the
public between 10 and 5 o'clock
every day of the week.
The paintings of noted California
artists, four from the northern and
six from the southern part of the
state, are now being featured in the
Stanford Art Gallery. The exhi
bition will remain until January 15.
Each of the six artists from South
ern California has sent four paint
ings making a total of twenty-four
subjects, an excellent variation of
well-painted pictures done in oil.
The presentation is opened to the
public between 10 and 5 o'clock
every day of the week.
The paintings of noted California
artists, four from the northern and
six from the southern part of the
state, are now being featured in the
Stanford Art Gallery. The exhi
bition will remain until January 15.
Each of the six artists from South
ern California has sent four paint
ings making a total of twenty-four
subjects, an excellent variation of
well-painted pictures done in oil.
The presentation is opened to the
public between 10 and 5 o'clock
every day of the week.
The paintings of noted California
artists, four from the northern and
six from the southern part of the
state, are now being featured in the
Stanford Art Gallery. The exhi
bition will remain until January 15.
Each of the six artists from South
ern California has sent four paint
ings making a total of twenty-four
subjects, an excellent variation of
well-painted pictures done in oil.
The presentation is opened to the
public between 10 and 5 o'clock
every day of the week.
The paintings of noted California
artists, four from the northern and
six from the southern part of the
state, are now being featured in the
Stanford Art Gallery. The exhi
bition will remain until January 15.
Each of the six artists from South
ern California has sent four paint
ings making a total of twenty-four
subjects, an excellent variation of
well-painted pictures done in oil.
The presentation is opened to the
public between 10 and 5 o'clock
every day of the week.
