# FIRST IN LAKE
## 
### 
Lee Scott, Firehouse, and Hap
Everett, Old Sehoolhouse, claimed
the first swim in Lagunita at 9
o'clock last night under (he super
vision of Frank Farrell, lifeguard.
Lee Scott, Firehouse, and Hap
Everett, Old Sehoolhouse, claimed
the first swim in Lagunita at 9
o'clock last night under (he super
vision of Frank Farrell, lifeguard.
Lee Scott, Firehouse, and Hap
Everett, Old Sehoolhouse, claimed
the first swim in Lagunita at 9
o'clock last night under (he super
vision of Frank Farrell, lifeguard.
Lee Scott, Firehouse, and Hap
Everett, Old Sehoolhouse, claimed
the first swim in Lagunita at 9
o'clock last night under (he super
vision of Frank Farrell, lifeguard.
Lee Scott, Firehouse, and Hap
Everett, Old Sehoolhouse, claimed
the first swim in Lagunita at 9
o'clock last night under (he super
vision of Frank Farrell, lifeguard.
Lee Scott, Firehouse, and Hap
Everett, Old Sehoolhouse, claimed
the first swim in Lagunita at 9
o'clock last night under (he super
vision of Frank Farrell, lifeguard.
Lee Scott, Firehouse, and Hap
Everett, Old Sehoolhouse, claimed
the first swim in Lagunita at 9
o'clock last night under (he super
vision of Frank Farrell, lifeguard.
Lee Scott, Firehouse, and Hap
Everett, Old Sehoolhouse, claimed
the first swim in Lagunita at 9
o'clock last night under (he super
vision of Frank Farrell, lifeguard.
Lee Scott, Firehouse, and Hap
Everett, Old Sehoolhouse, claimed
the first swim in Lagunita at 9
o'clock last night under (he super
vision of Frank Farrell, lifeguard.
Lee Scott, Firehouse, and Hap
Everett, Old Sehoolhouse, claimed
the first swim in Lagunita at 9
o'clock last night under (he super
vision of Frank Farrell, lifeguard.
Lee Scott, Firehouse, and Hap
Everett, Old Sehoolhouse, claimed
the first swim in Lagunita at 9
o'clock last night under (he super
vision of Frank Farrell, lifeguard.
Lee Scott, Firehouse, and Hap
Everett, Old Sehoolhouse, claimed
the first swim in Lagunita at 9
o'clock last night under (he super
vision of Frank Farrell, lifeguard.
Lee Scott, Firehouse, and Hap
Everett, Old Sehoolhouse, claimed
the first swim in Lagunita at 9
o'clock last night under (he super
vision of Frank Farrell, lifeguard.
Lee Scott, Firehouse, and Hap
Everett, Old Sehoolhouse, claimed
the first swim in Lagunita at 9
o'clock last night under (he super
vision of Frank Farrell, lifeguard.
Lee Scott, Firehouse, and Hap
Everett, Old Sehoolhouse, claimed
the first swim in Lagunita at 9
o'clock last night under (he super
vision of Frank Farrell, lifeguard.
Lee Scott, Firehouse, and Hap
Everett, Old Sehoolhouse, claimed
the first swim in Lagunita at 9
o'clock last night under (he super
vision of Frank Farrell, lifeguard.
Lee Scott, Firehouse, and Hap
Everett, Old Sehoolhouse, claimed
the first swim in Lagunita at 9
o'clock last night under (he super
vision of Frank Farrell, lifeguard.
Lee Scott, Firehouse, and Hap
Everett, Old Sehoolhouse, claimed
the first swim in Lagunita at 9
o'clock last night under (he super
vision of Frank Farrell, lifeguard.
