# FRANCHESCHI IN ARMY
## 
### 
The University of San Francisco's
star fullback, Pete Franceschi, yes
terday began active duty in the Uni
ted States Army Air Corps.

"Perfect Pete," "Peerless Pete,"
Peter "Rabbit,'' just plaint "Kmet,"
and "Skeeter" Peter are some of the
more familiar nicknames for the
number 17 Indian, but here's a new
one seen in the Examiner recently—
"Pistol Pete" Kmetovic.
The University of San Francisco's
star fullback, Pete Franceschi, yes
terday began active duty in the Uni
ted States Army Air Corps.

"Perfect Pete," "Peerless Pete,"
Peter "Rabbit,'' just plaint "Kmet,"
and "Skeeter" Peter are some of the
more familiar nicknames for the
number 17 Indian, but here's a new
one seen in the Examiner recently—
"Pistol Pete" Kmetovic.
The University of San Francisco's
star fullback, Pete Franceschi, yes
terday began active duty in the Uni
ted States Army Air Corps.

"Perfect Pete," "Peerless Pete,"
Peter "Rabbit,'' just plaint "Kmet,"
and "Skeeter" Peter are some of the
more familiar nicknames for the
number 17 Indian, but here's a new
one seen in the Examiner recently—
"Pistol Pete" Kmetovic.
The University of San Francisco's
star fullback, Pete Franceschi, yes
terday began active duty in the Uni
ted States Army Air Corps.

"Perfect Pete," "Peerless Pete,"
Peter "Rabbit,'' just plaint "Kmet,"
and "Skeeter" Peter are some of the
more familiar nicknames for the
number 17 Indian, but here's a new
one seen in the Examiner recently—
"Pistol Pete" Kmetovic.
The University of San Francisco's
star fullback, Pete Franceschi, yes
terday began active duty in the Uni
ted States Army Air Corps.

"Perfect Pete," "Peerless Pete,"
Peter "Rabbit,'' just plaint "Kmet,"
and "Skeeter" Peter are some of the
more familiar nicknames for the
number 17 Indian, but here's a new
one seen in the Examiner recently—
"Pistol Pete" Kmetovic.
The University of San Francisco's
star fullback, Pete Franceschi, yes
terday began active duty in the Uni
ted States Army Air Corps.

"Perfect Pete," "Peerless Pete,"
Peter "Rabbit,'' just plaint "Kmet,"
and "Skeeter" Peter are some of the
more familiar nicknames for the
number 17 Indian, but here's a new
one seen in the Examiner recently—
"Pistol Pete" Kmetovic.
The University of San Francisco's
star fullback, Pete Franceschi, yes
terday began active duty in the Uni
ted States Army Air Corps.

"Perfect Pete," "Peerless Pete,"
Peter "Rabbit,'' just plaint "Kmet,"
and "Skeeter" Peter are some of the
more familiar nicknames for the
number 17 Indian, but here's a new
one seen in the Examiner recently—
"Pistol Pete" Kmetovic.
The University of San Francisco's
star fullback, Pete Franceschi, yes
terday began active duty in the Uni
ted States Army Air Corps.

"Perfect Pete," "Peerless Pete,"
Peter "Rabbit,'' just plaint "Kmet,"
and "Skeeter" Peter are some of the
more familiar nicknames for the
number 17 Indian, but here's a new
one seen in the Examiner recently—
"Pistol Pete" Kmetovic.
The University of San Francisco's
star fullback, Pete Franceschi, yes
terday began active duty in the Uni
ted States Army Air Corps.

"Perfect Pete," "Peerless Pete,"
Peter "Rabbit,'' just plaint "Kmet,"
and "Skeeter" Peter are some of the
more familiar nicknames for the
number 17 Indian, but here's a new
one seen in the Examiner recently—
"Pistol Pete" Kmetovic.
The University of San Francisco's
star fullback, Pete Franceschi, yes
terday began active duty in the Uni
ted States Army Air Corps.

"Perfect Pete," "Peerless Pete,"
Peter "Rabbit,'' just plaint "Kmet,"
and "Skeeter" Peter are some of the
more familiar nicknames for the
number 17 Indian, but here's a new
one seen in the Examiner recently—
"Pistol Pete" Kmetovic.
The University of San Francisco's
star fullback, Pete Franceschi, yes
terday began active duty in the Uni
ted States Army Air Corps.

"Perfect Pete," "Peerless Pete,"
Peter "Rabbit,'' just plaint "Kmet,"
and "Skeeter" Peter are some of the
more familiar nicknames for the
number 17 Indian, but here's a new
one seen in the Examiner recently—
"Pistol Pete" Kmetovic.
The University of San Francisco's
star fullback, Pete Franceschi, yes
terday began active duty in the Uni
ted States Army Air Corps.

"Perfect Pete," "Peerless Pete,"
Peter "Rabbit,'' just plaint "Kmet,"
and "Skeeter" Peter are some of the
more familiar nicknames for the
number 17 Indian, but here's a new
one seen in the Examiner recently—
"Pistol Pete" Kmetovic.
The University of San Francisco's
star fullback, Pete Franceschi, yes
terday began active duty in the Uni
ted States Army Air Corps.

"Perfect Pete," "Peerless Pete,"
Peter "Rabbit,'' just plaint "Kmet,"
and "Skeeter" Peter are some of the
more familiar nicknames for the
number 17 Indian, but here's a new
one seen in the Examiner recently—
"Pistol Pete" Kmetovic.
The University of San Francisco's
star fullback, Pete Franceschi, yes
terday began active duty in the Uni
ted States Army Air Corps.

"Perfect Pete," "Peerless Pete,"
Peter "Rabbit,'' just plaint "Kmet,"
and "Skeeter" Peter are some of the
more familiar nicknames for the
number 17 Indian, but here's a new
one seen in the Examiner recently—
"Pistol Pete" Kmetovic.
The University of San Francisco's
star fullback, Pete Franceschi, yes
terday began active duty in the Uni
ted States Army Air Corps.

"Perfect Pete," "Peerless Pete,"
Peter "Rabbit,'' just plaint "Kmet,"
and "Skeeter" Peter are some of the
more familiar nicknames for the
number 17 Indian, but here's a new
one seen in the Examiner recently—
"Pistol Pete" Kmetovic.
The University of San Francisco's
star fullback, Pete Franceschi, yes
terday began active duty in the Uni
ted States Army Air Corps.

"Perfect Pete," "Peerless Pete,"
Peter "Rabbit,'' just plaint "Kmet,"
and "Skeeter" Peter are some of the
more familiar nicknames for the
number 17 Indian, but here's a new
one seen in the Examiner recently—
"Pistol Pete" Kmetovic.
The University of San Francisco's
star fullback, Pete Franceschi, yes
terday began active duty in the Uni
ted States Army Air Corps.

"Perfect Pete," "Peerless Pete,"
Peter "Rabbit,'' just plaint "Kmet,"
and "Skeeter" Peter are some of the
more familiar nicknames for the
number 17 Indian, but here's a new
one seen in the Examiner recently—
"Pistol Pete" Kmetovic.
The University of San Francisco's
star fullback, Pete Franceschi, yes
terday began active duty in the Uni
ted States Army Air Corps.

"Perfect Pete," "Peerless Pete,"
Peter "Rabbit,'' just plaint "Kmet,"
and "Skeeter" Peter are some of the
more familiar nicknames for the
number 17 Indian, but here's a new
one seen in the Examiner recently—
"Pistol Pete" Kmetovic.
