# Thompson Leaves Baseball to Enlist
## 
### 
Quentin "Cootie" Thompson, who
formerly toed the mound on Stan
ford's baseball team and quit school
to join the Hollywood Stars of the
Pacific Coast League, has enlisted in
the Navy.
Thompson pitched a few games for
Hollywood and was shipped to Van
couver for seasoning. The Stars said
they had planned to recall him this
year.
Quentin "Cootie" Thompson, who
formerly toed the mound on Stan
ford's baseball team and quit school
to join the Hollywood Stars of the
Pacific Coast League, has enlisted in
the Navy.
Thompson pitched a few games for
Hollywood and was shipped to Van
couver for seasoning. The Stars said
they had planned to recall him this
year.
Quentin "Cootie" Thompson, who
formerly toed the mound on Stan
ford's baseball team and quit school
to join the Hollywood Stars of the
Pacific Coast League, has enlisted in
the Navy.
Thompson pitched a few games for
Hollywood and was shipped to Van
couver for seasoning. The Stars said
they had planned to recall him this
year.
Quentin "Cootie" Thompson, who
formerly toed the mound on Stan
ford's baseball team and quit school
to join the Hollywood Stars of the
Pacific Coast League, has enlisted in
the Navy.
Thompson pitched a few games for
Hollywood and was shipped to Van
couver for seasoning. The Stars said
they had planned to recall him this
year.
Quentin "Cootie" Thompson, who
formerly toed the mound on Stan
ford's baseball team and quit school
to join the Hollywood Stars of the
Pacific Coast League, has enlisted in
the Navy.
Thompson pitched a few games for
Hollywood and was shipped to Van
couver for seasoning. The Stars said
they had planned to recall him this
year.
Quentin "Cootie" Thompson, who
formerly toed the mound on Stan
ford's baseball team and quit school
to join the Hollywood Stars of the
Pacific Coast League, has enlisted in
the Navy.
Thompson pitched a few games for
Hollywood and was shipped to Van
couver for seasoning. The Stars said
they had planned to recall him this
year.
Quentin "Cootie" Thompson, who
formerly toed the mound on Stan
ford's baseball team and quit school
to join the Hollywood Stars of the
Pacific Coast League, has enlisted in
the Navy.
Thompson pitched a few games for
Hollywood and was shipped to Van
couver for seasoning. The Stars said
they had planned to recall him this
year.
Quentin "Cootie" Thompson, who
formerly toed the mound on Stan
ford's baseball team and quit school
to join the Hollywood Stars of the
Pacific Coast League, has enlisted in
the Navy.
Thompson pitched a few games for
Hollywood and was shipped to Van
couver for seasoning. The Stars said
they had planned to recall him this
year.
Quentin "Cootie" Thompson, who
formerly toed the mound on Stan
ford's baseball team and quit school
to join the Hollywood Stars of the
Pacific Coast League, has enlisted in
the Navy.
Thompson pitched a few games for
Hollywood and was shipped to Van
couver for seasoning. The Stars said
they had planned to recall him this
year.
Quentin "Cootie" Thompson, who
formerly toed the mound on Stan
ford's baseball team and quit school
to join the Hollywood Stars of the
Pacific Coast League, has enlisted in
the Navy.
Thompson pitched a few games for
Hollywood and was shipped to Van
couver for seasoning. The Stars said
they had planned to recall him this
year.
Quentin "Cootie" Thompson, who
formerly toed the mound on Stan
ford's baseball team and quit school
to join the Hollywood Stars of the
Pacific Coast League, has enlisted in
the Navy.
Thompson pitched a few games for
Hollywood and was shipped to Van
couver for seasoning. The Stars said
they had planned to recall him this
year.
Quentin "Cootie" Thompson, who
formerly toed the mound on Stan
ford's baseball team and quit school
to join the Hollywood Stars of the
Pacific Coast League, has enlisted in
the Navy.
Thompson pitched a few games for
Hollywood and was shipped to Van
couver for seasoning. The Stars said
they had planned to recall him this
year.
Quentin "Cootie" Thompson, who
formerly toed the mound on Stan
ford's baseball team and quit school
to join the Hollywood Stars of the
Pacific Coast League, has enlisted in
the Navy.
Thompson pitched a few games for
Hollywood and was shipped to Van
couver for seasoning. The Stars said
they had planned to recall him this
year.
Quentin "Cootie" Thompson, who
formerly toed the mound on Stan
ford's baseball team and quit school
to join the Hollywood Stars of the
Pacific Coast League, has enlisted in
the Navy.
Thompson pitched a few games for
Hollywood and was shipped to Van
couver for seasoning. The Stars said
they had planned to recall him this
year.
Quentin "Cootie" Thompson, who
formerly toed the mound on Stan
ford's baseball team and quit school
to join the Hollywood Stars of the
Pacific Coast League, has enlisted in
the Navy.
Thompson pitched a few games for
Hollywood and was shipped to Van
couver for seasoning. The Stars said
they had planned to recall him this
year.
Quentin "Cootie" Thompson, who
formerly toed the mound on Stan
ford's baseball team and quit school
to join the Hollywood Stars of the
Pacific Coast League, has enlisted in
the Navy.
Thompson pitched a few games for
Hollywood and was shipped to Van
couver for seasoning. The Stars said
they had planned to recall him this
year.
Quentin "Cootie" Thompson, who
formerly toed the mound on Stan
ford's baseball team and quit school
to join the Hollywood Stars of the
Pacific Coast League, has enlisted in
the Navy.
Thompson pitched a few games for
Hollywood and was shipped to Van
couver for seasoning. The Stars said
they had planned to recall him this
year.
Quentin "Cootie" Thompson, who
formerly toed the mound on Stan
ford's baseball team and quit school
to join the Hollywood Stars of the
Pacific Coast League, has enlisted in
the Navy.
Thompson pitched a few games for
Hollywood and was shipped to Van
couver for seasoning. The Stars said
they had planned to recall him this
year.
