# New Record in Pole Vault.
## 
### 
lii the field day at Franklin Field,
Philadelphia, on Saturday, Dray, of
Yale, established a new worlds rec
ord of 12 feet G 1-2 inches in the
pole vault.
lii the field day at Franklin Field,
Philadelphia, on Saturday, Dray, of
Yale, established a new worlds rec
ord of 12 feet G 1-2 inches in the
pole vault.
lii the field day at Franklin Field,
Philadelphia, on Saturday, Dray, of
Yale, established a new worlds rec
ord of 12 feet G 1-2 inches in the
pole vault.
lii the field day at Franklin Field,
Philadelphia, on Saturday, Dray, of
Yale, established a new worlds rec
ord of 12 feet G 1-2 inches in the
pole vault.
lii the field day at Franklin Field,
Philadelphia, on Saturday, Dray, of
Yale, established a new worlds rec
ord of 12 feet G 1-2 inches in the
pole vault.
lii the field day at Franklin Field,
Philadelphia, on Saturday, Dray, of
Yale, established a new worlds rec
ord of 12 feet G 1-2 inches in the
pole vault.
lii the field day at Franklin Field,
Philadelphia, on Saturday, Dray, of
Yale, established a new worlds rec
ord of 12 feet G 1-2 inches in the
pole vault.
lii the field day at Franklin Field,
Philadelphia, on Saturday, Dray, of
Yale, established a new worlds rec
ord of 12 feet G 1-2 inches in the
pole vault.
lii the field day at Franklin Field,
Philadelphia, on Saturday, Dray, of
Yale, established a new worlds rec
ord of 12 feet G 1-2 inches in the
pole vault.
lii the field day at Franklin Field,
Philadelphia, on Saturday, Dray, of
Yale, established a new worlds rec
ord of 12 feet G 1-2 inches in the
pole vault.
