# Booth Wins California Bonnheim.
## 
### 
Charles .T. Booth, '08, won the
Bonnheim discussion at California
Saturday night. His subject was,
"What Cause Is Chiefly Responsible
for the Evil Influence of the Bad
Portion of the American Press?" The
general subject was,"The Ethics of
Journalism," and Booth was awarded
the prizes both for the essay and
the oration, making a total of $250.
Charles .T. Booth, '08, won the
Bonnheim discussion at California
Saturday night. His subject was,
"What Cause Is Chiefly Responsible
for the Evil Influence of the Bad
Portion of the American Press?" The
general subject was,"The Ethics of
Journalism," and Booth was awarded
the prizes both for the essay and
the oration, making a total of $250.
Charles .T. Booth, '08, won the
Bonnheim discussion at California
Saturday night. His subject was,
"What Cause Is Chiefly Responsible
for the Evil Influence of the Bad
Portion of the American Press?" The
general subject was,"The Ethics of
Journalism," and Booth was awarded
the prizes both for the essay and
the oration, making a total of $250.
Charles .T. Booth, '08, won the
Bonnheim discussion at California
Saturday night. His subject was,
"What Cause Is Chiefly Responsible
for the Evil Influence of the Bad
Portion of the American Press?" The
general subject was,"The Ethics of
Journalism," and Booth was awarded
the prizes both for the essay and
the oration, making a total of $250.
Charles .T. Booth, '08, won the
Bonnheim discussion at California
Saturday night. His subject was,
"What Cause Is Chiefly Responsible
for the Evil Influence of the Bad
Portion of the American Press?" The
general subject was,"The Ethics of
Journalism," and Booth was awarded
the prizes both for the essay and
the oration, making a total of $250.
Charles .T. Booth, '08, won the
Bonnheim discussion at California
Saturday night. His subject was,
"What Cause Is Chiefly Responsible
for the Evil Influence of the Bad
Portion of the American Press?" The
general subject was,"The Ethics of
Journalism," and Booth was awarded
the prizes both for the essay and
the oration, making a total of $250.
Charles .T. Booth, '08, won the
Bonnheim discussion at California
Saturday night. His subject was,
"What Cause Is Chiefly Responsible
for the Evil Influence of the Bad
Portion of the American Press?" The
general subject was,"The Ethics of
Journalism," and Booth was awarded
the prizes both for the essay and
the oration, making a total of $250.
Charles .T. Booth, '08, won the
Bonnheim discussion at California
Saturday night. His subject was,
"What Cause Is Chiefly Responsible
for the Evil Influence of the Bad
Portion of the American Press?" The
general subject was,"The Ethics of
Journalism," and Booth was awarded
the prizes both for the essay and
the oration, making a total of $250.
Charles .T. Booth, '08, won the
Bonnheim discussion at California
Saturday night. His subject was,
"What Cause Is Chiefly Responsible
for the Evil Influence of the Bad
Portion of the American Press?" The
general subject was,"The Ethics of
Journalism," and Booth was awarded
the prizes both for the essay and
the oration, making a total of $250.
Charles .T. Booth, '08, won the
Bonnheim discussion at California
Saturday night. His subject was,
"What Cause Is Chiefly Responsible
for the Evil Influence of the Bad
Portion of the American Press?" The
general subject was,"The Ethics of
Journalism," and Booth was awarded
the prizes both for the essay and
the oration, making a total of $250.
