# Law Lectures End Saturday Noon.
## 
### 
No lectures will be given in Law
this semester after Saturday noon,
May 2.
No lectures will be given in Law
this semester after Saturday noon,
May 2.
No lectures will be given in Law
this semester after Saturday noon,
May 2.
No lectures will be given in Law
this semester after Saturday noon,
May 2.
No lectures will be given in Law
this semester after Saturday noon,
May 2.
No lectures will be given in Law
this semester after Saturday noon,
May 2.
No lectures will be given in Law
this semester after Saturday noon,
May 2.
No lectures will be given in Law
this semester after Saturday noon,
May 2.
No lectures will be given in Law
this semester after Saturday noon,
May 2.
No lectures will be given in Law
this semester after Saturday noon,
May 2.
