# THE 						WEATHER
## 
### 
HAY AULA — Fair today and
tomorrow cxrepl local fog tomor
row morning. Cooler tomorrow.
HAY AULA — Fair today and
tomorrow cxrepl local fog tomor
row morning. Cooler tomorrow.
HAY AULA — Fair today and
tomorrow cxrepl local fog tomor
row morning. Cooler tomorrow.
HAY AULA — Fair today and
tomorrow cxrepl local fog tomor
row morning. Cooler tomorrow.
HAY AULA — Fair today and
tomorrow cxrepl local fog tomor
row morning. Cooler tomorrow.
HAY AULA — Fair today and
tomorrow cxrepl local fog tomor
row morning. Cooler tomorrow.
HAY AULA — Fair today and
tomorrow cxrepl local fog tomor
row morning. Cooler tomorrow.
HAY AULA — Fair today and
tomorrow cxrepl local fog tomor
row morning. Cooler tomorrow.
HAY AULA — Fair today and
tomorrow cxrepl local fog tomor
row morning. Cooler tomorrow.
HAY AULA — Fair today and
tomorrow cxrepl local fog tomor
row morning. Cooler tomorrow.
HAY AULA — Fair today and
tomorrow cxrepl local fog tomor
row morning. Cooler tomorrow.
HAY AULA — Fair today and
tomorrow cxrepl local fog tomor
row morning. Cooler tomorrow.
HAY AULA — Fair today and
tomorrow cxrepl local fog tomor
row morning. Cooler tomorrow.
HAY AULA — Fair today and
tomorrow cxrepl local fog tomor
row morning. Cooler tomorrow.
HAY AULA — Fair today and
tomorrow cxrepl local fog tomor
row morning. Cooler tomorrow.
