# LAST PRE-REG
## 
### 
Pre - registration fur autumn
quarter will close this afternoon
at AH lower division students
should turn their studv list cards
in at Room 111 A. Inner Quad,
after gelling their adviser's ap
proval and signalure ard sign- .
in;; the appropriate class lists.
Pre - registration fur autumn
quarter will close this afternoon
at AH lower division students
should turn their studv list cards
in at Room 111 A. Inner Quad,
after gelling their adviser's ap
proval and signalure ard sign- .
in;; the appropriate class lists.
Pre - registration fur autumn
quarter will close this afternoon
at AH lower division students
should turn their studv list cards
in at Room 111 A. Inner Quad,
after gelling their adviser's ap
proval and signalure ard sign- .
in;; the appropriate class lists.
Pre - registration fur autumn
quarter will close this afternoon
at AH lower division students
should turn their studv list cards
in at Room 111 A. Inner Quad,
after gelling their adviser's ap
proval and signalure ard sign- .
in;; the appropriate class lists.
Pre - registration fur autumn
quarter will close this afternoon
at AH lower division students
should turn their studv list cards
in at Room 111 A. Inner Quad,
after gelling their adviser's ap
proval and signalure ard sign- .
in;; the appropriate class lists.
Pre - registration fur autumn
quarter will close this afternoon
at AH lower division students
should turn their studv list cards
in at Room 111 A. Inner Quad,
after gelling their adviser's ap
proval and signalure ard sign- .
in;; the appropriate class lists.
Pre - registration fur autumn
quarter will close this afternoon
at AH lower division students
should turn their studv list cards
in at Room 111 A. Inner Quad,
after gelling their adviser's ap
proval and signalure ard sign- .
in;; the appropriate class lists.
Pre - registration fur autumn
quarter will close this afternoon
at AH lower division students
should turn their studv list cards
in at Room 111 A. Inner Quad,
after gelling their adviser's ap
proval and signalure ard sign- .
in;; the appropriate class lists.
Pre - registration fur autumn
quarter will close this afternoon
at AH lower division students
should turn their studv list cards
in at Room 111 A. Inner Quad,
after gelling their adviser's ap
proval and signalure ard sign- .
in;; the appropriate class lists.
Pre - registration fur autumn
quarter will close this afternoon
at AH lower division students
should turn their studv list cards
in at Room 111 A. Inner Quad,
after gelling their adviser's ap
proval and signalure ard sign- .
in;; the appropriate class lists.
Pre - registration fur autumn
quarter will close this afternoon
at AH lower division students
should turn their studv list cards
in at Room 111 A. Inner Quad,
after gelling their adviser's ap
proval and signalure ard sign- .
in;; the appropriate class lists.
Pre - registration fur autumn
quarter will close this afternoon
at AH lower division students
should turn their studv list cards
in at Room 111 A. Inner Quad,
after gelling their adviser's ap
proval and signalure ard sign- .
in;; the appropriate class lists.
Pre - registration fur autumn
quarter will close this afternoon
at AH lower division students
should turn their studv list cards
in at Room 111 A. Inner Quad,
after gelling their adviser's ap
proval and signalure ard sign- .
in;; the appropriate class lists.
Pre - registration fur autumn
quarter will close this afternoon
at AH lower division students
should turn their studv list cards
in at Room 111 A. Inner Quad,
after gelling their adviser's ap
proval and signalure ard sign- .
in;; the appropriate class lists.
Pre - registration fur autumn
quarter will close this afternoon
at AH lower division students
should turn their studv list cards
in at Room 111 A. Inner Quad,
after gelling their adviser's ap
proval and signalure ard sign- .
in;; the appropriate class lists.
