# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joan Shriver, '51, to

Kennion C. Anderson, SC dental
school. The couple will be married
in the fall.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joan Shriver, '51, to

Kennion C. Anderson, SC dental
school. The couple will be married
in the fall.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joan Shriver, '51, to

Kennion C. Anderson, SC dental
school. The couple will be married
in the fall.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joan Shriver, '51, to

Kennion C. Anderson, SC dental
school. The couple will be married
in the fall.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joan Shriver, '51, to

Kennion C. Anderson, SC dental
school. The couple will be married
in the fall.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joan Shriver, '51, to

Kennion C. Anderson, SC dental
school. The couple will be married
in the fall.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joan Shriver, '51, to

Kennion C. Anderson, SC dental
school. The couple will be married
in the fall.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joan Shriver, '51, to

Kennion C. Anderson, SC dental
school. The couple will be married
in the fall.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joan Shriver, '51, to

Kennion C. Anderson, SC dental
school. The couple will be married
in the fall.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joan Shriver, '51, to

Kennion C. Anderson, SC dental
school. The couple will be married
in the fall.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joan Shriver, '51, to

Kennion C. Anderson, SC dental
school. The couple will be married
in the fall.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joan Shriver, '51, to

Kennion C. Anderson, SC dental
school. The couple will be married
in the fall.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joan Shriver, '51, to

Kennion C. Anderson, SC dental
school. The couple will be married
in the fall.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joan Shriver, '51, to

Kennion C. Anderson, SC dental
school. The couple will be married
in the fall.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joan Shriver, '51, to

Kennion C. Anderson, SC dental
school. The couple will be married
in the fall.
