# VILLAGE PARTY-TIME
## 
### 
Stanford Village brings two Dix
ieland bands, a door prize, and 300-
400 free refreshments to L'Ommie's
for an all-Village celebration to
night at 0.
Stanford Village brings two Dix
ieland bands, a door prize, and 300-
400 free refreshments to L'Ommie's
for an all-Village celebration to
night at 0.
Stanford Village brings two Dix
ieland bands, a door prize, and 300-
400 free refreshments to L'Ommie's
for an all-Village celebration to
night at 0.
Stanford Village brings two Dix
ieland bands, a door prize, and 300-
400 free refreshments to L'Ommie's
for an all-Village celebration to
night at 0.
Stanford Village brings two Dix
ieland bands, a door prize, and 300-
400 free refreshments to L'Ommie's
for an all-Village celebration to
night at 0.
Stanford Village brings two Dix
ieland bands, a door prize, and 300-
400 free refreshments to L'Ommie's
for an all-Village celebration to
night at 0.
Stanford Village brings two Dix
ieland bands, a door prize, and 300-
400 free refreshments to L'Ommie's
for an all-Village celebration to
night at 0.
Stanford Village brings two Dix
ieland bands, a door prize, and 300-
400 free refreshments to L'Ommie's
for an all-Village celebration to
night at 0.
Stanford Village brings two Dix
ieland bands, a door prize, and 300-
400 free refreshments to L'Ommie's
for an all-Village celebration to
night at 0.
Stanford Village brings two Dix
ieland bands, a door prize, and 300-
400 free refreshments to L'Ommie's
for an all-Village celebration to
night at 0.
Stanford Village brings two Dix
ieland bands, a door prize, and 300-
400 free refreshments to L'Ommie's
for an all-Village celebration to
night at 0.
Stanford Village brings two Dix
ieland bands, a door prize, and 300-
400 free refreshments to L'Ommie's
for an all-Village celebration to
night at 0.
Stanford Village brings two Dix
ieland bands, a door prize, and 300-
400 free refreshments to L'Ommie's
for an all-Village celebration to
night at 0.
Stanford Village brings two Dix
ieland bands, a door prize, and 300-
400 free refreshments to L'Ommie's
for an all-Village celebration to
night at 0.
Stanford Village brings two Dix
ieland bands, a door prize, and 300-
400 free refreshments to L'Ommie's
for an all-Village celebration to
night at 0.
