# Adv. 12 Page 6
## 
### 
Stanford review,
assu speakers bureau
present...
William Bennett
secretary of education
on
Area One
the requirement passed
the questions remain...
cubberly auditorium
monday april eighteen
seven-thirty p.m.
Stanford review,
assu speakers bureau
present...
William Bennett
secretary of education
on
Area One
the requirement passed
the questions remain...
cubberly auditorium
monday april eighteen
seven-thirty p.m.
Stanford review,
assu speakers bureau
present...
William Bennett
secretary of education
on
Area One
the requirement passed
the questions remain...
cubberly auditorium
monday april eighteen
seven-thirty p.m.
Stanford review,
assu speakers bureau
present...
William Bennett
secretary of education
on
Area One
the requirement passed
the questions remain...
cubberly auditorium
monday april eighteen
seven-thirty p.m.
Stanford review,
assu speakers bureau
present...
William Bennett
secretary of education
on
Area One
the requirement passed
the questions remain...
cubberly auditorium
monday april eighteen
seven-thirty p.m.
Stanford review,
assu speakers bureau
present...
William Bennett
secretary of education
on
Area One
the requirement passed
the questions remain...
cubberly auditorium
monday april eighteen
seven-thirty p.m.
Stanford review,
assu speakers bureau
present...
William Bennett
secretary of education
on
Area One
the requirement passed
the questions remain...
cubberly auditorium
monday april eighteen
seven-thirty p.m.
Stanford review,
assu speakers bureau
present...
William Bennett
secretary of education
on
Area One
the requirement passed
the questions remain...
cubberly auditorium
monday april eighteen
seven-thirty p.m.
