# WORLD WAR RESULTS SUBJECT OF DEBATE BETWEEN U.S.C.,CARDS
## Stanford Team on Campus to Maintain World Peace Is on Increase 
### 
Results of the World War will be
the basis for the debate when the
University of Southern California
team meets the representatives of
Stanford in a dual debate Thursday
evening on the subject, "Resolved,
That the results of the Great War
have tended toward the Peace of the
World."
John Sobieski and Virgil Whitaker
will uphold the affirmative for Stan
ford against the S.C. negative team
in the Assembly Hall, while on the
same evening in Bovard Auditorium,
Los Angeles, George Bodle and Philip
Cavalero will take the platform on
the negative side against the Trojan
affirmative speakers. Whitaker and
Bodle are both members of the class
of 7,0, while Sobieski and Cavalero
are seniors.
The University of Southern Cali
fornia teams are usually credited with
the presentation of a strong argu
ment together with humor. During six
years of competition under Coach
Alan Nichols they have luing up an
impressive record. The Trojan squads
have won eighty-five per cent of all
decision debates in which they have
participated.
Results of the World War will be
the basis for the debate when the
University of Southern California
team meets the representatives of
Stanford in a dual debate Thursday
evening on the subject, "Resolved,
That the results of the Great War
have tended toward the Peace of the
World."
John Sobieski and Virgil Whitaker
will uphold the affirmative for Stan
ford against the S.C. negative team
in the Assembly Hall, while on the
same evening in Bovard Auditorium,
Los Angeles, George Bodle and Philip
Cavalero will take the platform on
the negative side against the Trojan
affirmative speakers. Whitaker and
Bodle are both members of the class
of 7,0, while Sobieski and Cavalero
are seniors.
The University of Southern Cali
fornia teams are usually credited with
the presentation of a strong argu
ment together with humor. During six
years of competition under Coach
Alan Nichols they have luing up an
impressive record. The Trojan squads
have won eighty-five per cent of all
decision debates in which they have
participated.
Results of the World War will be
the basis for the debate when the
University of Southern California
team meets the representatives of
Stanford in a dual debate Thursday
evening on the subject, "Resolved,
That the results of the Great War
have tended toward the Peace of the
World."
John Sobieski and Virgil Whitaker
will uphold the affirmative for Stan
ford against the S.C. negative team
in the Assembly Hall, while on the
same evening in Bovard Auditorium,
Los Angeles, George Bodle and Philip
Cavalero will take the platform on
the negative side against the Trojan
affirmative speakers. Whitaker and
Bodle are both members of the class
of 7,0, while Sobieski and Cavalero
are seniors.
The University of Southern Cali
fornia teams are usually credited with
the presentation of a strong argu
ment together with humor. During six
years of competition under Coach
Alan Nichols they have luing up an
impressive record. The Trojan squads
have won eighty-five per cent of all
decision debates in which they have
participated.
Results of the World War will be
the basis for the debate when the
University of Southern California
team meets the representatives of
Stanford in a dual debate Thursday
evening on the subject, "Resolved,
That the results of the Great War
have tended toward the Peace of the
World."
John Sobieski and Virgil Whitaker
will uphold the affirmative for Stan
ford against the S.C. negative team
in the Assembly Hall, while on the
same evening in Bovard Auditorium,
Los Angeles, George Bodle and Philip
Cavalero will take the platform on
the negative side against the Trojan
affirmative speakers. Whitaker and
Bodle are both members of the class
of 7,0, while Sobieski and Cavalero
are seniors.
The University of Southern Cali
fornia teams are usually credited with
the presentation of a strong argu
ment together with humor. During six
years of competition under Coach
Alan Nichols they have luing up an
impressive record. The Trojan squads
have won eighty-five per cent of all
decision debates in which they have
participated.
Results of the World War will be
the basis for the debate when the
University of Southern California
team meets the representatives of
Stanford in a dual debate Thursday
evening on the subject, "Resolved,
That the results of the Great War
have tended toward the Peace of the
World."
John Sobieski and Virgil Whitaker
will uphold the affirmative for Stan
ford against the S.C. negative team
in the Assembly Hall, while on the
same evening in Bovard Auditorium,
Los Angeles, George Bodle and Philip
Cavalero will take the platform on
the negative side against the Trojan
affirmative speakers. Whitaker and
Bodle are both members of the class
of 7,0, while Sobieski and Cavalero
are seniors.
The University of Southern Cali
fornia teams are usually credited with
the presentation of a strong argu
ment together with humor. During six
years of competition under Coach
Alan Nichols they have luing up an
impressive record. The Trojan squads
have won eighty-five per cent of all
decision debates in which they have
participated.
Results of the World War will be
the basis for the debate when the
University of Southern California
team meets the representatives of
Stanford in a dual debate Thursday
evening on the subject, "Resolved,
That the results of the Great War
have tended toward the Peace of the
World."
John Sobieski and Virgil Whitaker
will uphold the affirmative for Stan
ford against the S.C. negative team
in the Assembly Hall, while on the
same evening in Bovard Auditorium,
Los Angeles, George Bodle and Philip
Cavalero will take the platform on
the negative side against the Trojan
affirmative speakers. Whitaker and
Bodle are both members of the class
of 7,0, while Sobieski and Cavalero
are seniors.
The University of Southern Cali
fornia teams are usually credited with
the presentation of a strong argu
ment together with humor. During six
years of competition under Coach
Alan Nichols they have luing up an
impressive record. The Trojan squads
have won eighty-five per cent of all
decision debates in which they have
participated.
Results of the World War will be
the basis for the debate when the
University of Southern California
team meets the representatives of
Stanford in a dual debate Thursday
evening on the subject, "Resolved,
That the results of the Great War
have tended toward the Peace of the
World."
John Sobieski and Virgil Whitaker
will uphold the affirmative for Stan
ford against the S.C. negative team
in the Assembly Hall, while on the
same evening in Bovard Auditorium,
Los Angeles, George Bodle and Philip
Cavalero will take the platform on
the negative side against the Trojan
affirmative speakers. Whitaker and
Bodle are both members of the class
of 7,0, while Sobieski and Cavalero
are seniors.
The University of Southern Cali
fornia teams are usually credited with
the presentation of a strong argu
ment together with humor. During six
years of competition under Coach
Alan Nichols they have luing up an
impressive record. The Trojan squads
have won eighty-five per cent of all
decision debates in which they have
participated.
Results of the World War will be
the basis for the debate when the
University of Southern California
team meets the representatives of
Stanford in a dual debate Thursday
evening on the subject, "Resolved,
That the results of the Great War
have tended toward the Peace of the
World."
John Sobieski and Virgil Whitaker
will uphold the affirmative for Stan
ford against the S.C. negative team
in the Assembly Hall, while on the
same evening in Bovard Auditorium,
Los Angeles, George Bodle and Philip
Cavalero will take the platform on
the negative side against the Trojan
affirmative speakers. Whitaker and
Bodle are both members of the class
of 7,0, while Sobieski and Cavalero
are seniors.
The University of Southern Cali
fornia teams are usually credited with
the presentation of a strong argu
ment together with humor. During six
years of competition under Coach
Alan Nichols they have luing up an
impressive record. The Trojan squads
have won eighty-five per cent of all
decision debates in which they have
participated.
Results of the World War will be
the basis for the debate when the
University of Southern California
team meets the representatives of
Stanford in a dual debate Thursday
evening on the subject, "Resolved,
That the results of the Great War
have tended toward the Peace of the
World."
John Sobieski and Virgil Whitaker
will uphold the affirmative for Stan
ford against the S.C. negative team
in the Assembly Hall, while on the
same evening in Bovard Auditorium,
Los Angeles, George Bodle and Philip
Cavalero will take the platform on
the negative side against the Trojan
affirmative speakers. Whitaker and
Bodle are both members of the class
of 7,0, while Sobieski and Cavalero
are seniors.
The University of Southern Cali
fornia teams are usually credited with
the presentation of a strong argu
ment together with humor. During six
years of competition under Coach
Alan Nichols they have luing up an
impressive record. The Trojan squads
have won eighty-five per cent of all
decision debates in which they have
participated.
Results of the World War will be
the basis for the debate when the
University of Southern California
team meets the representatives of
Stanford in a dual debate Thursday
evening on the subject, "Resolved,
That the results of the Great War
have tended toward the Peace of the
World."
John Sobieski and Virgil Whitaker
will uphold the affirmative for Stan
ford against the S.C. negative team
in the Assembly Hall, while on the
same evening in Bovard Auditorium,
Los Angeles, George Bodle and Philip
Cavalero will take the platform on
the negative side against the Trojan
affirmative speakers. Whitaker and
Bodle are both members of the class
of 7,0, while Sobieski and Cavalero
are seniors.
The University of Southern Cali
fornia teams are usually credited with
the presentation of a strong argu
ment together with humor. During six
years of competition under Coach
Alan Nichols they have luing up an
impressive record. The Trojan squads
have won eighty-five per cent of all
decision debates in which they have
participated.
Results of the World War will be
the basis for the debate when the
University of Southern California
team meets the representatives of
Stanford in a dual debate Thursday
evening on the subject, "Resolved,
That the results of the Great War
have tended toward the Peace of the
World."
John Sobieski and Virgil Whitaker
will uphold the affirmative for Stan
ford against the S.C. negative team
in the Assembly Hall, while on the
same evening in Bovard Auditorium,
Los Angeles, George Bodle and Philip
Cavalero will take the platform on
the negative side against the Trojan
affirmative speakers. Whitaker and
Bodle are both members of the class
of 7,0, while Sobieski and Cavalero
are seniors.
The University of Southern Cali
fornia teams are usually credited with
the presentation of a strong argu
ment together with humor. During six
years of competition under Coach
Alan Nichols they have luing up an
impressive record. The Trojan squads
have won eighty-five per cent of all
decision debates in which they have
participated.
Results of the World War will be
the basis for the debate when the
University of Southern California
team meets the representatives of
Stanford in a dual debate Thursday
evening on the subject, "Resolved,
That the results of the Great War
have tended toward the Peace of the
World."
John Sobieski and Virgil Whitaker
will uphold the affirmative for Stan
ford against the S.C. negative team
in the Assembly Hall, while on the
same evening in Bovard Auditorium,
Los Angeles, George Bodle and Philip
Cavalero will take the platform on
the negative side against the Trojan
affirmative speakers. Whitaker and
Bodle are both members of the class
of 7,0, while Sobieski and Cavalero
are seniors.
The University of Southern Cali
fornia teams are usually credited with
the presentation of a strong argu
ment together with humor. During six
years of competition under Coach
Alan Nichols they have luing up an
impressive record. The Trojan squads
have won eighty-five per cent of all
decision debates in which they have
participated.
Results of the World War will be
the basis for the debate when the
University of Southern California
team meets the representatives of
Stanford in a dual debate Thursday
evening on the subject, "Resolved,
That the results of the Great War
have tended toward the Peace of the
World."
John Sobieski and Virgil Whitaker
will uphold the affirmative for Stan
ford against the S.C. negative team
in the Assembly Hall, while on the
same evening in Bovard Auditorium,
Los Angeles, George Bodle and Philip
Cavalero will take the platform on
the negative side against the Trojan
affirmative speakers. Whitaker and
Bodle are both members of the class
of 7,0, while Sobieski and Cavalero
are seniors.
The University of Southern Cali
fornia teams are usually credited with
the presentation of a strong argu
ment together with humor. During six
years of competition under Coach
Alan Nichols they have luing up an
impressive record. The Trojan squads
have won eighty-five per cent of all
decision debates in which they have
participated.
Results of the World War will be
the basis for the debate when the
University of Southern California
team meets the representatives of
Stanford in a dual debate Thursday
evening on the subject, "Resolved,
That the results of the Great War
have tended toward the Peace of the
World."
John Sobieski and Virgil Whitaker
will uphold the affirmative for Stan
ford against the S.C. negative team
in the Assembly Hall, while on the
same evening in Bovard Auditorium,
Los Angeles, George Bodle and Philip
Cavalero will take the platform on
the negative side against the Trojan
affirmative speakers. Whitaker and
Bodle are both members of the class
of 7,0, while Sobieski and Cavalero
are seniors.
The University of Southern Cali
fornia teams are usually credited with
the presentation of a strong argu
ment together with humor. During six
years of competition under Coach
Alan Nichols they have luing up an
impressive record. The Trojan squads
have won eighty-five per cent of all
decision debates in which they have
participated.
Results of the World War will be
the basis for the debate when the
University of Southern California
team meets the representatives of
Stanford in a dual debate Thursday
evening on the subject, "Resolved,
That the results of the Great War
have tended toward the Peace of the
World."
John Sobieski and Virgil Whitaker
will uphold the affirmative for Stan
ford against the S.C. negative team
in the Assembly Hall, while on the
same evening in Bovard Auditorium,
Los Angeles, George Bodle and Philip
Cavalero will take the platform on
the negative side against the Trojan
affirmative speakers. Whitaker and
Bodle are both members of the class
of 7,0, while Sobieski and Cavalero
are seniors.
The University of Southern Cali
fornia teams are usually credited with
the presentation of a strong argu
ment together with humor. During six
years of competition under Coach
Alan Nichols they have luing up an
impressive record. The Trojan squads
have won eighty-five per cent of all
decision debates in which they have
participated.
Results of the World War will be
the basis for the debate when the
University of Southern California
team meets the representatives of
Stanford in a dual debate Thursday
evening on the subject, "Resolved,
That the results of the Great War
have tended toward the Peace of the
World."
John Sobieski and Virgil Whitaker
will uphold the affirmative for Stan
ford against the S.C. negative team
in the Assembly Hall, while on the
same evening in Bovard Auditorium,
Los Angeles, George Bodle and Philip
Cavalero will take the platform on
the negative side against the Trojan
affirmative speakers. Whitaker and
Bodle are both members of the class
of 7,0, while Sobieski and Cavalero
are seniors.
The University of Southern Cali
fornia teams are usually credited with
the presentation of a strong argu
ment together with humor. During six
years of competition under Coach
Alan Nichols they have luing up an
impressive record. The Trojan squads
have won eighty-five per cent of all
decision debates in which they have
participated.
