# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Work has been started on two new
women's dormitories at Northwestern
University.
Work has been started on two new
women's dormitories at Northwestern
University.
Work has been started on two new
women's dormitories at Northwestern
University.
Work has been started on two new
women's dormitories at Northwestern
University.
Work has been started on two new
women's dormitories at Northwestern
University.
Work has been started on two new
women's dormitories at Northwestern
University.
Work has been started on two new
women's dormitories at Northwestern
University.
Work has been started on two new
women's dormitories at Northwestern
University.
Work has been started on two new
women's dormitories at Northwestern
University.
Work has been started on two new
women's dormitories at Northwestern
University.
Work has been started on two new
women's dormitories at Northwestern
University.
Work has been started on two new
women's dormitories at Northwestern
University.
Work has been started on two new
women's dormitories at Northwestern
University.
Work has been started on two new
women's dormitories at Northwestern
University.
Work has been started on two new
women's dormitories at Northwestern
University.
Work has been started on two new
women's dormitories at Northwestern
University.
