# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The cornerstone was laid recently
for the University of Washington's
new $600,000 athletic pavilion.
The cornerstone was laid recently
for the University of Washington's
new $600,000 athletic pavilion.
The cornerstone was laid recently
for the University of Washington's
new $600,000 athletic pavilion.
The cornerstone was laid recently
for the University of Washington's
new $600,000 athletic pavilion.
The cornerstone was laid recently
for the University of Washington's
new $600,000 athletic pavilion.
The cornerstone was laid recently
for the University of Washington's
new $600,000 athletic pavilion.
The cornerstone was laid recently
for the University of Washington's
new $600,000 athletic pavilion.
The cornerstone was laid recently
for the University of Washington's
new $600,000 athletic pavilion.
The cornerstone was laid recently
for the University of Washington's
new $600,000 athletic pavilion.
The cornerstone was laid recently
for the University of Washington's
new $600,000 athletic pavilion.
The cornerstone was laid recently
for the University of Washington's
new $600,000 athletic pavilion.
The cornerstone was laid recently
for the University of Washington's
new $600,000 athletic pavilion.
The cornerstone was laid recently
for the University of Washington's
new $600,000 athletic pavilion.
The cornerstone was laid recently
for the University of Washington's
new $600,000 athletic pavilion.
The cornerstone was laid recently
for the University of Washington's
new $600,000 athletic pavilion.
The cornerstone was laid recently
for the University of Washington's
new $600,000 athletic pavilion.
