# Houses Sign Up for Spring Sing
## 
### 
Sign-ups for the Spring Sing, May
2.'!, must be made this week in the
A.S.S.U. office, according to Dave
Heyler, co-chairman.
A minimum of 20 singers is neces
sary to enter the sing, but living
| groups may go together. A fee of
$1.50 lor each group entry will be
charged.
Each group may sing either a song
or a medley of not more than three
| songs, according to Heyler.
Heyler stated that there has been

interest in forming a new division,
composed of quartets, or special
novelty numbers. He said that such
groups who wish to enter the Spring
Sing should contact either him or
Ulie Costigan, the other co-chair
man.
Rally Com is in charge of the
Spring Sing. It will be given in the
amphitheater. A street dance will
follow the singing.
Sign-ups for the Spring Sing, May
2.'!, must be made this week in the
A.S.S.U. office, according to Dave
Heyler, co-chairman.
A minimum of 20 singers is neces
sary to enter the sing, but living
| groups may go together. A fee of
$1.50 lor each group entry will be
charged.
Each group may sing either a song
or a medley of not more than three
| songs, according to Heyler.
Heyler stated that there has been

interest in forming a new division,
composed of quartets, or special
novelty numbers. He said that such
groups who wish to enter the Spring
Sing should contact either him or
Ulie Costigan, the other co-chair
man.
Rally Com is in charge of the
Spring Sing. It will be given in the
amphitheater. A street dance will
follow the singing.
Sign-ups for the Spring Sing, May
2.'!, must be made this week in the
A.S.S.U. office, according to Dave
Heyler, co-chairman.
A minimum of 20 singers is neces
sary to enter the sing, but living
| groups may go together. A fee of
$1.50 lor each group entry will be
charged.
Each group may sing either a song
or a medley of not more than three
| songs, according to Heyler.
Heyler stated that there has been

interest in forming a new division,
composed of quartets, or special
novelty numbers. He said that such
groups who wish to enter the Spring
Sing should contact either him or
Ulie Costigan, the other co-chair
man.
Rally Com is in charge of the
Spring Sing. It will be given in the
amphitheater. A street dance will
follow the singing.
Sign-ups for the Spring Sing, May
2.'!, must be made this week in the
A.S.S.U. office, according to Dave
Heyler, co-chairman.
A minimum of 20 singers is neces
sary to enter the sing, but living
| groups may go together. A fee of
$1.50 lor each group entry will be
charged.
Each group may sing either a song
or a medley of not more than three
| songs, according to Heyler.
Heyler stated that there has been

interest in forming a new division,
composed of quartets, or special
novelty numbers. He said that such
groups who wish to enter the Spring
Sing should contact either him or
Ulie Costigan, the other co-chair
man.
Rally Com is in charge of the
Spring Sing. It will be given in the
amphitheater. A street dance will
follow the singing.
Sign-ups for the Spring Sing, May
2.'!, must be made this week in the
A.S.S.U. office, according to Dave
Heyler, co-chairman.
A minimum of 20 singers is neces
sary to enter the sing, but living
| groups may go together. A fee of
$1.50 lor each group entry will be
charged.
Each group may sing either a song
or a medley of not more than three
| songs, according to Heyler.
Heyler stated that there has been

interest in forming a new division,
composed of quartets, or special
novelty numbers. He said that such
groups who wish to enter the Spring
Sing should contact either him or
Ulie Costigan, the other co-chair
man.
Rally Com is in charge of the
Spring Sing. It will be given in the
amphitheater. A street dance will
follow the singing.
Sign-ups for the Spring Sing, May
2.'!, must be made this week in the
A.S.S.U. office, according to Dave
Heyler, co-chairman.
A minimum of 20 singers is neces
sary to enter the sing, but living
| groups may go together. A fee of
$1.50 lor each group entry will be
charged.
Each group may sing either a song
or a medley of not more than three
| songs, according to Heyler.
Heyler stated that there has been

interest in forming a new division,
composed of quartets, or special
novelty numbers. He said that such
groups who wish to enter the Spring
Sing should contact either him or
Ulie Costigan, the other co-chair
man.
Rally Com is in charge of the
Spring Sing. It will be given in the
amphitheater. A street dance will
follow the singing.
Sign-ups for the Spring Sing, May
2.'!, must be made this week in the
A.S.S.U. office, according to Dave
Heyler, co-chairman.
A minimum of 20 singers is neces
sary to enter the sing, but living
| groups may go together. A fee of
$1.50 lor each group entry will be
charged.
Each group may sing either a song
or a medley of not more than three
| songs, according to Heyler.
Heyler stated that there has been

interest in forming a new division,
composed of quartets, or special
novelty numbers. He said that such
groups who wish to enter the Spring
Sing should contact either him or
Ulie Costigan, the other co-chair
man.
Rally Com is in charge of the
Spring Sing. It will be given in the
amphitheater. A street dance will
follow the singing.
Sign-ups for the Spring Sing, May
2.'!, must be made this week in the
A.S.S.U. office, according to Dave
Heyler, co-chairman.
A minimum of 20 singers is neces
sary to enter the sing, but living
| groups may go together. A fee of
$1.50 lor each group entry will be
charged.
Each group may sing either a song
or a medley of not more than three
| songs, according to Heyler.
Heyler stated that there has been

interest in forming a new division,
composed of quartets, or special
novelty numbers. He said that such
groups who wish to enter the Spring
Sing should contact either him or
Ulie Costigan, the other co-chair
man.
Rally Com is in charge of the
Spring Sing. It will be given in the
amphitheater. A street dance will
follow the singing.
Sign-ups for the Spring Sing, May
2.'!, must be made this week in the
A.S.S.U. office, according to Dave
Heyler, co-chairman.
A minimum of 20 singers is neces
sary to enter the sing, but living
| groups may go together. A fee of
$1.50 lor each group entry will be
charged.
Each group may sing either a song
or a medley of not more than three
| songs, according to Heyler.
Heyler stated that there has been

interest in forming a new division,
composed of quartets, or special
novelty numbers. He said that such
groups who wish to enter the Spring
Sing should contact either him or
Ulie Costigan, the other co-chair
man.
Rally Com is in charge of the
Spring Sing. It will be given in the
amphitheater. A street dance will
follow the singing.
Sign-ups for the Spring Sing, May
2.'!, must be made this week in the
A.S.S.U. office, according to Dave
Heyler, co-chairman.
A minimum of 20 singers is neces
sary to enter the sing, but living
| groups may go together. A fee of
$1.50 lor each group entry will be
charged.
Each group may sing either a song
or a medley of not more than three
| songs, according to Heyler.
Heyler stated that there has been

interest in forming a new division,
composed of quartets, or special
novelty numbers. He said that such
groups who wish to enter the Spring
Sing should contact either him or
Ulie Costigan, the other co-chair
man.
Rally Com is in charge of the
Spring Sing. It will be given in the
amphitheater. A street dance will
follow the singing.
Sign-ups for the Spring Sing, May
2.'!, must be made this week in the
A.S.S.U. office, according to Dave
Heyler, co-chairman.
A minimum of 20 singers is neces
sary to enter the sing, but living
| groups may go together. A fee of
$1.50 lor each group entry will be
charged.
Each group may sing either a song
or a medley of not more than three
| songs, according to Heyler.
Heyler stated that there has been

interest in forming a new division,
composed of quartets, or special
novelty numbers. He said that such
groups who wish to enter the Spring
Sing should contact either him or
Ulie Costigan, the other co-chair
man.
Rally Com is in charge of the
Spring Sing. It will be given in the
amphitheater. A street dance will
follow the singing.
Sign-ups for the Spring Sing, May
2.'!, must be made this week in the
A.S.S.U. office, according to Dave
Heyler, co-chairman.
A minimum of 20 singers is neces
sary to enter the sing, but living
| groups may go together. A fee of
$1.50 lor each group entry will be
charged.
Each group may sing either a song
or a medley of not more than three
| songs, according to Heyler.
Heyler stated that there has been

interest in forming a new division,
composed of quartets, or special
novelty numbers. He said that such
groups who wish to enter the Spring
Sing should contact either him or
Ulie Costigan, the other co-chair
man.
Rally Com is in charge of the
Spring Sing. It will be given in the
amphitheater. A street dance will
follow the singing.
Sign-ups for the Spring Sing, May
2.'!, must be made this week in the
A.S.S.U. office, according to Dave
Heyler, co-chairman.
A minimum of 20 singers is neces
sary to enter the sing, but living
| groups may go together. A fee of
$1.50 lor each group entry will be
charged.
Each group may sing either a song
or a medley of not more than three
| songs, according to Heyler.
Heyler stated that there has been

interest in forming a new division,
composed of quartets, or special
novelty numbers. He said that such
groups who wish to enter the Spring
Sing should contact either him or
Ulie Costigan, the other co-chair
man.
Rally Com is in charge of the
Spring Sing. It will be given in the
amphitheater. A street dance will
follow the singing.
Sign-ups for the Spring Sing, May
2.'!, must be made this week in the
A.S.S.U. office, according to Dave
Heyler, co-chairman.
A minimum of 20 singers is neces
sary to enter the sing, but living
| groups may go together. A fee of
$1.50 lor each group entry will be
charged.
Each group may sing either a song
or a medley of not more than three
| songs, according to Heyler.
Heyler stated that there has been

interest in forming a new division,
composed of quartets, or special
novelty numbers. He said that such
groups who wish to enter the Spring
Sing should contact either him or
Ulie Costigan, the other co-chair
man.
Rally Com is in charge of the
Spring Sing. It will be given in the
amphitheater. A street dance will
follow the singing.
Sign-ups for the Spring Sing, May
2.'!, must be made this week in the
A.S.S.U. office, according to Dave
Heyler, co-chairman.
A minimum of 20 singers is neces
sary to enter the sing, but living
| groups may go together. A fee of
$1.50 lor each group entry will be
charged.
Each group may sing either a song
or a medley of not more than three
| songs, according to Heyler.
Heyler stated that there has been

interest in forming a new division,
composed of quartets, or special
novelty numbers. He said that such
groups who wish to enter the Spring
Sing should contact either him or
Ulie Costigan, the other co-chair
man.
Rally Com is in charge of the
Spring Sing. It will be given in the
amphitheater. A street dance will
follow the singing.
