# Schwellenbach Makes Phone Peace Proposal
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. April 14 (UP).—
Secretary of Labor Lewis B. Schwel
lenbach tonight asked striking tele
phone workers and telephone com
panies to accept a government peace
proposal which would end the na
tionwide telephone strike at 5 p.m.
EST Thursdav.
WASHINGTON. April 14 (UP).—
Secretary of Labor Lewis B. Schwel
lenbach tonight asked striking tele
phone workers and telephone com
panies to accept a government peace
proposal which would end the na
tionwide telephone strike at 5 p.m.
EST Thursdav.
WASHINGTON. April 14 (UP).—
Secretary of Labor Lewis B. Schwel
lenbach tonight asked striking tele
phone workers and telephone com
panies to accept a government peace
proposal which would end the na
tionwide telephone strike at 5 p.m.
EST Thursdav.
WASHINGTON. April 14 (UP).—
Secretary of Labor Lewis B. Schwel
lenbach tonight asked striking tele
phone workers and telephone com
panies to accept a government peace
proposal which would end the na
tionwide telephone strike at 5 p.m.
EST Thursdav.
WASHINGTON. April 14 (UP).—
Secretary of Labor Lewis B. Schwel
lenbach tonight asked striking tele
phone workers and telephone com
panies to accept a government peace
proposal which would end the na
tionwide telephone strike at 5 p.m.
EST Thursdav.
WASHINGTON. April 14 (UP).—
Secretary of Labor Lewis B. Schwel
lenbach tonight asked striking tele
phone workers and telephone com
panies to accept a government peace
proposal which would end the na
tionwide telephone strike at 5 p.m.
EST Thursdav.
WASHINGTON. April 14 (UP).—
Secretary of Labor Lewis B. Schwel
lenbach tonight asked striking tele
phone workers and telephone com
panies to accept a government peace
proposal which would end the na
tionwide telephone strike at 5 p.m.
EST Thursdav.
WASHINGTON. April 14 (UP).—
Secretary of Labor Lewis B. Schwel
lenbach tonight asked striking tele
phone workers and telephone com
panies to accept a government peace
proposal which would end the na
tionwide telephone strike at 5 p.m.
EST Thursdav.
WASHINGTON. April 14 (UP).—
Secretary of Labor Lewis B. Schwel
lenbach tonight asked striking tele
phone workers and telephone com
panies to accept a government peace
proposal which would end the na
tionwide telephone strike at 5 p.m.
EST Thursdav.
WASHINGTON. April 14 (UP).—
Secretary of Labor Lewis B. Schwel
lenbach tonight asked striking tele
phone workers and telephone com
panies to accept a government peace
proposal which would end the na
tionwide telephone strike at 5 p.m.
EST Thursdav.
WASHINGTON. April 14 (UP).—
Secretary of Labor Lewis B. Schwel
lenbach tonight asked striking tele
phone workers and telephone com
panies to accept a government peace
proposal which would end the na
tionwide telephone strike at 5 p.m.
EST Thursdav.
WASHINGTON. April 14 (UP).—
Secretary of Labor Lewis B. Schwel
lenbach tonight asked striking tele
phone workers and telephone com
panies to accept a government peace
proposal which would end the na
tionwide telephone strike at 5 p.m.
EST Thursdav.
WASHINGTON. April 14 (UP).—
Secretary of Labor Lewis B. Schwel
lenbach tonight asked striking tele
phone workers and telephone com
panies to accept a government peace
proposal which would end the na
tionwide telephone strike at 5 p.m.
EST Thursdav.
WASHINGTON. April 14 (UP).—
Secretary of Labor Lewis B. Schwel
lenbach tonight asked striking tele
phone workers and telephone com
panies to accept a government peace
proposal which would end the na
tionwide telephone strike at 5 p.m.
EST Thursdav.
WASHINGTON. April 14 (UP).—
Secretary of Labor Lewis B. Schwel
lenbach tonight asked striking tele
phone workers and telephone com
panies to accept a government peace
proposal which would end the na
tionwide telephone strike at 5 p.m.
EST Thursdav.
