# SI-AN-HOUR JOB OPEN
## 
### 
Jack Baty, circulation manager,
announces that there is a job open
lor one carrier ti deliver Dailies in
the morning. The job requires a car,
pays a dollar an hour plus seven
cents a mile expenses. In the past
the job has required a total of five
hours a week. For information call
Baty at 4717 between 4 and (5 p.m.
Jack Baty, circulation manager,
announces that there is a job open
lor one carrier ti deliver Dailies in
the morning. The job requires a car,
pays a dollar an hour plus seven
cents a mile expenses. In the past
the job has required a total of five
hours a week. For information call
Baty at 4717 between 4 and (5 p.m.
Jack Baty, circulation manager,
announces that there is a job open
lor one carrier ti deliver Dailies in
the morning. The job requires a car,
pays a dollar an hour plus seven
cents a mile expenses. In the past
the job has required a total of five
hours a week. For information call
Baty at 4717 between 4 and (5 p.m.
Jack Baty, circulation manager,
announces that there is a job open
lor one carrier ti deliver Dailies in
the morning. The job requires a car,
pays a dollar an hour plus seven
cents a mile expenses. In the past
the job has required a total of five
hours a week. For information call
Baty at 4717 between 4 and (5 p.m.
Jack Baty, circulation manager,
announces that there is a job open
lor one carrier ti deliver Dailies in
the morning. The job requires a car,
pays a dollar an hour plus seven
cents a mile expenses. In the past
the job has required a total of five
hours a week. For information call
Baty at 4717 between 4 and (5 p.m.
Jack Baty, circulation manager,
announces that there is a job open
lor one carrier ti deliver Dailies in
the morning. The job requires a car,
pays a dollar an hour plus seven
cents a mile expenses. In the past
the job has required a total of five
hours a week. For information call
Baty at 4717 between 4 and (5 p.m.
Jack Baty, circulation manager,
announces that there is a job open
lor one carrier ti deliver Dailies in
the morning. The job requires a car,
pays a dollar an hour plus seven
cents a mile expenses. In the past
the job has required a total of five
hours a week. For information call
Baty at 4717 between 4 and (5 p.m.
Jack Baty, circulation manager,
announces that there is a job open
lor one carrier ti deliver Dailies in
the morning. The job requires a car,
pays a dollar an hour plus seven
cents a mile expenses. In the past
the job has required a total of five
hours a week. For information call
Baty at 4717 between 4 and (5 p.m.
Jack Baty, circulation manager,
announces that there is a job open
lor one carrier ti deliver Dailies in
the morning. The job requires a car,
pays a dollar an hour plus seven
cents a mile expenses. In the past
the job has required a total of five
hours a week. For information call
Baty at 4717 between 4 and (5 p.m.
Jack Baty, circulation manager,
announces that there is a job open
lor one carrier ti deliver Dailies in
the morning. The job requires a car,
pays a dollar an hour plus seven
cents a mile expenses. In the past
the job has required a total of five
hours a week. For information call
Baty at 4717 between 4 and (5 p.m.
Jack Baty, circulation manager,
announces that there is a job open
lor one carrier ti deliver Dailies in
the morning. The job requires a car,
pays a dollar an hour plus seven
cents a mile expenses. In the past
the job has required a total of five
hours a week. For information call
Baty at 4717 between 4 and (5 p.m.
Jack Baty, circulation manager,
announces that there is a job open
lor one carrier ti deliver Dailies in
the morning. The job requires a car,
pays a dollar an hour plus seven
cents a mile expenses. In the past
the job has required a total of five
hours a week. For information call
Baty at 4717 between 4 and (5 p.m.
Jack Baty, circulation manager,
announces that there is a job open
lor one carrier ti deliver Dailies in
the morning. The job requires a car,
pays a dollar an hour plus seven
cents a mile expenses. In the past
the job has required a total of five
hours a week. For information call
Baty at 4717 between 4 and (5 p.m.
Jack Baty, circulation manager,
announces that there is a job open
lor one carrier ti deliver Dailies in
the morning. The job requires a car,
pays a dollar an hour plus seven
cents a mile expenses. In the past
the job has required a total of five
hours a week. For information call
Baty at 4717 between 4 and (5 p.m.
Jack Baty, circulation manager,
announces that there is a job open
lor one carrier ti deliver Dailies in
the morning. The job requires a car,
pays a dollar an hour plus seven
cents a mile expenses. In the past
the job has required a total of five
hours a week. For information call
Baty at 4717 between 4 and (5 p.m.
