# Untitled Article
## 
### 

ELIZABETH SPIES, left, and CATHERINE JONES rehearse a modern
dance nrood study in preparation for (lie modern dance concert
which will he presented hy Orehesis Thursday night.

ELIZABETH SPIES, left, and CATHERINE JONES rehearse a modern
dance nrood study in preparation for (lie modern dance concert
which will he presented hy Orehesis Thursday night.

ELIZABETH SPIES, left, and CATHERINE JONES rehearse a modern
dance nrood study in preparation for (lie modern dance concert
which will he presented hy Orehesis Thursday night.

ELIZABETH SPIES, left, and CATHERINE JONES rehearse a modern
dance nrood study in preparation for (lie modern dance concert
which will he presented hy Orehesis Thursday night.

ELIZABETH SPIES, left, and CATHERINE JONES rehearse a modern
dance nrood study in preparation for (lie modern dance concert
which will he presented hy Orehesis Thursday night.

ELIZABETH SPIES, left, and CATHERINE JONES rehearse a modern
dance nrood study in preparation for (lie modern dance concert
which will he presented hy Orehesis Thursday night.

ELIZABETH SPIES, left, and CATHERINE JONES rehearse a modern
dance nrood study in preparation for (lie modern dance concert
which will he presented hy Orehesis Thursday night.

ELIZABETH SPIES, left, and CATHERINE JONES rehearse a modern
dance nrood study in preparation for (lie modern dance concert
which will he presented hy Orehesis Thursday night.

ELIZABETH SPIES, left, and CATHERINE JONES rehearse a modern
dance nrood study in preparation for (lie modern dance concert
which will he presented hy Orehesis Thursday night.

ELIZABETH SPIES, left, and CATHERINE JONES rehearse a modern
dance nrood study in preparation for (lie modern dance concert
which will he presented hy Orehesis Thursday night.

ELIZABETH SPIES, left, and CATHERINE JONES rehearse a modern
dance nrood study in preparation for (lie modern dance concert
which will he presented hy Orehesis Thursday night.

ELIZABETH SPIES, left, and CATHERINE JONES rehearse a modern
dance nrood study in preparation for (lie modern dance concert
which will he presented hy Orehesis Thursday night.

ELIZABETH SPIES, left, and CATHERINE JONES rehearse a modern
dance nrood study in preparation for (lie modern dance concert
which will he presented hy Orehesis Thursday night.

ELIZABETH SPIES, left, and CATHERINE JONES rehearse a modern
dance nrood study in preparation for (lie modern dance concert
which will he presented hy Orehesis Thursday night.

ELIZABETH SPIES, left, and CATHERINE JONES rehearse a modern
dance nrood study in preparation for (lie modern dance concert
which will he presented hy Orehesis Thursday night.
