# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Shlemiel
There aren't any shlemiels on
the women's volleyball team,
which beat Notre Dame.
Sports, page 7

Shlimazel
The shlimazels at the Book
store are giving much smaller
rebates this year.
News, page 2

Hassenpfeffer Inc.
Make a careful decision when
deciding whether to boycott a
certain company's grapes.
Opinions, page 4

Shlemiel
There aren't any shlemiels on
the women's volleyball team,
which beat Notre Dame.
Sports, page 7

Shlimazel
The shlimazels at the Book
store are giving much smaller
rebates this year.
News, page 2

Hassenpfeffer Inc.
Make a careful decision when
deciding whether to boycott a
certain company's grapes.
Opinions, page 4

Shlemiel
There aren't any shlemiels on
the women's volleyball team,
which beat Notre Dame.
Sports, page 7

Shlimazel
The shlimazels at the Book
store are giving much smaller
rebates this year.
News, page 2

Hassenpfeffer Inc.
Make a careful decision when
deciding whether to boycott a
certain company's grapes.
Opinions, page 4

Shlemiel
There aren't any shlemiels on
the women's volleyball team,
which beat Notre Dame.
Sports, page 7

Shlimazel
The shlimazels at the Book
store are giving much smaller
rebates this year.
News, page 2

Hassenpfeffer Inc.
Make a careful decision when
deciding whether to boycott a
certain company's grapes.
Opinions, page 4

Shlemiel
There aren't any shlemiels on
the women's volleyball team,
which beat Notre Dame.
Sports, page 7

Shlimazel
The shlimazels at the Book
store are giving much smaller
rebates this year.
News, page 2

Hassenpfeffer Inc.
Make a careful decision when
deciding whether to boycott a
certain company's grapes.
Opinions, page 4

Shlemiel
There aren't any shlemiels on
the women's volleyball team,
which beat Notre Dame.
Sports, page 7

Shlimazel
The shlimazels at the Book
store are giving much smaller
rebates this year.
News, page 2

Hassenpfeffer Inc.
Make a careful decision when
deciding whether to boycott a
certain company's grapes.
Opinions, page 4

Shlemiel
There aren't any shlemiels on
the women's volleyball team,
which beat Notre Dame.
Sports, page 7

Shlimazel
The shlimazels at the Book
store are giving much smaller
rebates this year.
News, page 2

Hassenpfeffer Inc.
Make a careful decision when
deciding whether to boycott a
certain company's grapes.
Opinions, page 4

Shlemiel
There aren't any shlemiels on
the women's volleyball team,
which beat Notre Dame.
Sports, page 7

Shlimazel
The shlimazels at the Book
store are giving much smaller
rebates this year.
News, page 2

Hassenpfeffer Inc.
Make a careful decision when
deciding whether to boycott a
certain company's grapes.
Opinions, page 4

