# Adv. 10 Page 3
## 
### 
PUT YOUR MONEY
on the
Wool Sox
50,
niBBED WOOL SPORT
Sox are the thing for
winter. Good looking in
their heather shades. This
year they are down to
fifty cents.
Wideman & Son
Palo Alto
I
Kuppenheimer Good Clothes
PUT YOUR MONEY
on the
Wool Sox
50,
niBBED WOOL SPORT
Sox are the thing for
winter. Good looking in
their heather shades. This
year they are down to
fifty cents.
Wideman & Son
Palo Alto
I
Kuppenheimer Good Clothes
PUT YOUR MONEY
on the
Wool Sox
50,
niBBED WOOL SPORT
Sox are the thing for
winter. Good looking in
their heather shades. This
year they are down to
fifty cents.
Wideman & Son
Palo Alto
I
Kuppenheimer Good Clothes
PUT YOUR MONEY
on the
Wool Sox
50,
niBBED WOOL SPORT
Sox are the thing for
winter. Good looking in
their heather shades. This
year they are down to
fifty cents.
Wideman & Son
Palo Alto
I
Kuppenheimer Good Clothes
PUT YOUR MONEY
on the
Wool Sox
50,
niBBED WOOL SPORT
Sox are the thing for
winter. Good looking in
their heather shades. This
year they are down to
fifty cents.
Wideman & Son
Palo Alto
I
Kuppenheimer Good Clothes
PUT YOUR MONEY
on the
Wool Sox
50,
niBBED WOOL SPORT
Sox are the thing for
winter. Good looking in
their heather shades. This
year they are down to
fifty cents.
Wideman & Son
Palo Alto
I
Kuppenheimer Good Clothes
PUT YOUR MONEY
on the
Wool Sox
50,
niBBED WOOL SPORT
Sox are the thing for
winter. Good looking in
their heather shades. This
year they are down to
fifty cents.
Wideman & Son
Palo Alto
I
Kuppenheimer Good Clothes
PUT YOUR MONEY
on the
Wool Sox
50,
niBBED WOOL SPORT
Sox are the thing for
winter. Good looking in
their heather shades. This
year they are down to
fifty cents.
Wideman & Son
Palo Alto
I
Kuppenheimer Good Clothes
PUT YOUR MONEY
on the
Wool Sox
50,
niBBED WOOL SPORT
Sox are the thing for
winter. Good looking in
their heather shades. This
year they are down to
fifty cents.
Wideman & Son
Palo Alto
I
Kuppenheimer Good Clothes
PUT YOUR MONEY
on the
Wool Sox
50,
niBBED WOOL SPORT
Sox are the thing for
winter. Good looking in
their heather shades. This
year they are down to
fifty cents.
Wideman & Son
Palo Alto
I
Kuppenheimer Good Clothes
PUT YOUR MONEY
on the
Wool Sox
50,
niBBED WOOL SPORT
Sox are the thing for
winter. Good looking in
their heather shades. This
year they are down to
fifty cents.
Wideman & Son
Palo Alto
I
Kuppenheimer Good Clothes
PUT YOUR MONEY
on the
Wool Sox
50,
niBBED WOOL SPORT
Sox are the thing for
winter. Good looking in
their heather shades. This
year they are down to
fifty cents.
Wideman & Son
Palo Alto
I
Kuppenheimer Good Clothes
PUT YOUR MONEY
on the
Wool Sox
50,
niBBED WOOL SPORT
Sox are the thing for
winter. Good looking in
their heather shades. This
year they are down to
fifty cents.
Wideman & Son
Palo Alto
I
Kuppenheimer Good Clothes
PUT YOUR MONEY
on the
Wool Sox
50,
niBBED WOOL SPORT
Sox are the thing for
winter. Good looking in
their heather shades. This
year they are down to
fifty cents.
Wideman & Son
Palo Alto
I
Kuppenheimer Good Clothes
PUT YOUR MONEY
on the
Wool Sox
50,
niBBED WOOL SPORT
Sox are the thing for
winter. Good looking in
their heather shades. This
year they are down to
fifty cents.
Wideman & Son
Palo Alto
I
Kuppenheimer Good Clothes
