# Masters Will Attend Los Angeles Meeting
## 
### 
A1 Masters, president of the A. S. S.
U., will represent Stanford this week at
a meeting of the Pacific Students Presi
dents' Association in Los Angeles. Mas
ters will leave Tuesday.
Meetings of the gathering will be held
in the University Club of Los Angeles.
The student body presidents will be the
guests of the University of Southern
California during one day of the conven
tion. Masters is secretary of the P. S.
P. A.
A1 Masters, president of the A. S. S.
U., will represent Stanford this week at
a meeting of the Pacific Students Presi
dents' Association in Los Angeles. Mas
ters will leave Tuesday.
Meetings of the gathering will be held
in the University Club of Los Angeles.
The student body presidents will be the
guests of the University of Southern
California during one day of the conven
tion. Masters is secretary of the P. S.
P. A.
A1 Masters, president of the A. S. S.
U., will represent Stanford this week at
a meeting of the Pacific Students Presi
dents' Association in Los Angeles. Mas
ters will leave Tuesday.
Meetings of the gathering will be held
in the University Club of Los Angeles.
The student body presidents will be the
guests of the University of Southern
California during one day of the conven
tion. Masters is secretary of the P. S.
P. A.
A1 Masters, president of the A. S. S.
U., will represent Stanford this week at
a meeting of the Pacific Students Presi
dents' Association in Los Angeles. Mas
ters will leave Tuesday.
Meetings of the gathering will be held
in the University Club of Los Angeles.
The student body presidents will be the
guests of the University of Southern
California during one day of the conven
tion. Masters is secretary of the P. S.
P. A.
A1 Masters, president of the A. S. S.
U., will represent Stanford this week at
a meeting of the Pacific Students Presi
dents' Association in Los Angeles. Mas
ters will leave Tuesday.
Meetings of the gathering will be held
in the University Club of Los Angeles.
The student body presidents will be the
guests of the University of Southern
California during one day of the conven
tion. Masters is secretary of the P. S.
P. A.
A1 Masters, president of the A. S. S.
U., will represent Stanford this week at
a meeting of the Pacific Students Presi
dents' Association in Los Angeles. Mas
ters will leave Tuesday.
Meetings of the gathering will be held
in the University Club of Los Angeles.
The student body presidents will be the
guests of the University of Southern
California during one day of the conven
tion. Masters is secretary of the P. S.
P. A.
A1 Masters, president of the A. S. S.
U., will represent Stanford this week at
a meeting of the Pacific Students Presi
dents' Association in Los Angeles. Mas
ters will leave Tuesday.
Meetings of the gathering will be held
in the University Club of Los Angeles.
The student body presidents will be the
guests of the University of Southern
California during one day of the conven
tion. Masters is secretary of the P. S.
P. A.
A1 Masters, president of the A. S. S.
U., will represent Stanford this week at
a meeting of the Pacific Students Presi
dents' Association in Los Angeles. Mas
ters will leave Tuesday.
Meetings of the gathering will be held
in the University Club of Los Angeles.
The student body presidents will be the
guests of the University of Southern
California during one day of the conven
tion. Masters is secretary of the P. S.
P. A.
A1 Masters, president of the A. S. S.
U., will represent Stanford this week at
a meeting of the Pacific Students Presi
dents' Association in Los Angeles. Mas
ters will leave Tuesday.
Meetings of the gathering will be held
in the University Club of Los Angeles.
The student body presidents will be the
guests of the University of Southern
California during one day of the conven
tion. Masters is secretary of the P. S.
P. A.
A1 Masters, president of the A. S. S.
U., will represent Stanford this week at
a meeting of the Pacific Students Presi
dents' Association in Los Angeles. Mas
ters will leave Tuesday.
Meetings of the gathering will be held
in the University Club of Los Angeles.
The student body presidents will be the
guests of the University of Southern
California during one day of the conven
tion. Masters is secretary of the P. S.
P. A.
A1 Masters, president of the A. S. S.
U., will represent Stanford this week at
a meeting of the Pacific Students Presi
dents' Association in Los Angeles. Mas
ters will leave Tuesday.
Meetings of the gathering will be held
in the University Club of Los Angeles.
The student body presidents will be the
guests of the University of Southern
California during one day of the conven
tion. Masters is secretary of the P. S.
P. A.
A1 Masters, president of the A. S. S.
U., will represent Stanford this week at
a meeting of the Pacific Students Presi
dents' Association in Los Angeles. Mas
ters will leave Tuesday.
Meetings of the gathering will be held
in the University Club of Los Angeles.
The student body presidents will be the
guests of the University of Southern
California during one day of the conven
tion. Masters is secretary of the P. S.
P. A.
A1 Masters, president of the A. S. S.
U., will represent Stanford this week at
a meeting of the Pacific Students Presi
dents' Association in Los Angeles. Mas
ters will leave Tuesday.
Meetings of the gathering will be held
in the University Club of Los Angeles.
The student body presidents will be the
guests of the University of Southern
California during one day of the conven
tion. Masters is secretary of the P. S.
P. A.
A1 Masters, president of the A. S. S.
U., will represent Stanford this week at
a meeting of the Pacific Students Presi
dents' Association in Los Angeles. Mas
ters will leave Tuesday.
Meetings of the gathering will be held
in the University Club of Los Angeles.
The student body presidents will be the
guests of the University of Southern
California during one day of the conven
tion. Masters is secretary of the P. S.
P. A.
A1 Masters, president of the A. S. S.
U., will represent Stanford this week at
a meeting of the Pacific Students Presi
dents' Association in Los Angeles. Mas
ters will leave Tuesday.
Meetings of the gathering will be held
in the University Club of Los Angeles.
The student body presidents will be the
guests of the University of Southern
California during one day of the conven
tion. Masters is secretary of the P. S.
P. A.
