# '66 Homecoming Features Queen
## 
### 
Cardinals Board has an
nounced that there will be an
addition this year to the tradi
tional Homecoming activities,
the selection of a Homecoming
Queen.
The method of selection will
involve the whole student body
and is designed to arouse a
large measure of spirit and
unity. Each men's living group
will submit one nominee. The
deadline for nominations is
October 27.
On October 30 the football
team will narrow the field to
eight nominees, in deference to
the fact that Homecoming is es
sentially a football event. On
Tuesday, November 1, the en
tire student body will select a
winner in a general election.
The Queen and the two run
ners-up will appear at the Fri
day night rally, the Saturday
morning house decoration judg
ing, and the trophy presentation
for winning houses at half time
on Saturday.
Cardinals Board has an
nounced that there will be an
addition this year to the tradi
tional Homecoming activities,
the selection of a Homecoming
Queen.
The method of selection will
involve the whole student body
and is designed to arouse a
large measure of spirit and
unity. Each men's living group
will submit one nominee. The
deadline for nominations is
October 27.
On October 30 the football
team will narrow the field to
eight nominees, in deference to
the fact that Homecoming is es
sentially a football event. On
Tuesday, November 1, the en
tire student body will select a
winner in a general election.
The Queen and the two run
ners-up will appear at the Fri
day night rally, the Saturday
morning house decoration judg
ing, and the trophy presentation
for winning houses at half time
on Saturday.
Cardinals Board has an
nounced that there will be an
addition this year to the tradi
tional Homecoming activities,
the selection of a Homecoming
Queen.
The method of selection will
involve the whole student body
and is designed to arouse a
large measure of spirit and
unity. Each men's living group
will submit one nominee. The
deadline for nominations is
October 27.
On October 30 the football
team will narrow the field to
eight nominees, in deference to
the fact that Homecoming is es
sentially a football event. On
Tuesday, November 1, the en
tire student body will select a
winner in a general election.
The Queen and the two run
ners-up will appear at the Fri
day night rally, the Saturday
morning house decoration judg
ing, and the trophy presentation
for winning houses at half time
on Saturday.
Cardinals Board has an
nounced that there will be an
addition this year to the tradi
tional Homecoming activities,
the selection of a Homecoming
Queen.
The method of selection will
involve the whole student body
and is designed to arouse a
large measure of spirit and
unity. Each men's living group
will submit one nominee. The
deadline for nominations is
October 27.
On October 30 the football
team will narrow the field to
eight nominees, in deference to
the fact that Homecoming is es
sentially a football event. On
Tuesday, November 1, the en
tire student body will select a
winner in a general election.
The Queen and the two run
ners-up will appear at the Fri
day night rally, the Saturday
morning house decoration judg
ing, and the trophy presentation
for winning houses at half time
on Saturday.
Cardinals Board has an
nounced that there will be an
addition this year to the tradi
tional Homecoming activities,
the selection of a Homecoming
Queen.
The method of selection will
involve the whole student body
and is designed to arouse a
large measure of spirit and
unity. Each men's living group
will submit one nominee. The
deadline for nominations is
October 27.
On October 30 the football
team will narrow the field to
eight nominees, in deference to
the fact that Homecoming is es
sentially a football event. On
Tuesday, November 1, the en
tire student body will select a
winner in a general election.
The Queen and the two run
ners-up will appear at the Fri
day night rally, the Saturday
morning house decoration judg
ing, and the trophy presentation
for winning houses at half time
on Saturday.
Cardinals Board has an
nounced that there will be an
addition this year to the tradi
tional Homecoming activities,
the selection of a Homecoming
Queen.
The method of selection will
involve the whole student body
and is designed to arouse a
large measure of spirit and
unity. Each men's living group
will submit one nominee. The
deadline for nominations is
October 27.
On October 30 the football
team will narrow the field to
eight nominees, in deference to
the fact that Homecoming is es
sentially a football event. On
Tuesday, November 1, the en
tire student body will select a
winner in a general election.
The Queen and the two run
ners-up will appear at the Fri
day night rally, the Saturday
morning house decoration judg
ing, and the trophy presentation
for winning houses at half time
on Saturday.
Cardinals Board has an
nounced that there will be an
addition this year to the tradi
tional Homecoming activities,
the selection of a Homecoming
Queen.
The method of selection will
involve the whole student body
and is designed to arouse a
large measure of spirit and
unity. Each men's living group
will submit one nominee. The
deadline for nominations is
October 27.
On October 30 the football
team will narrow the field to
eight nominees, in deference to
the fact that Homecoming is es
sentially a football event. On
Tuesday, November 1, the en
tire student body will select a
winner in a general election.
The Queen and the two run
ners-up will appear at the Fri
day night rally, the Saturday
morning house decoration judg
ing, and the trophy presentation
for winning houses at half time
on Saturday.
Cardinals Board has an
nounced that there will be an
addition this year to the tradi
tional Homecoming activities,
the selection of a Homecoming
Queen.
The method of selection will
involve the whole student body
and is designed to arouse a
large measure of spirit and
unity. Each men's living group
will submit one nominee. The
deadline for nominations is
October 27.
On October 30 the football
team will narrow the field to
eight nominees, in deference to
the fact that Homecoming is es
sentially a football event. On
Tuesday, November 1, the en
tire student body will select a
winner in a general election.
The Queen and the two run
ners-up will appear at the Fri
day night rally, the Saturday
morning house decoration judg
ing, and the trophy presentation
for winning houses at half time
on Saturday.
Cardinals Board has an
nounced that there will be an
addition this year to the tradi
tional Homecoming activities,
the selection of a Homecoming
Queen.
The method of selection will
involve the whole student body
and is designed to arouse a
large measure of spirit and
unity. Each men's living group
will submit one nominee. The
deadline for nominations is
October 27.
On October 30 the football
team will narrow the field to
eight nominees, in deference to
the fact that Homecoming is es
sentially a football event. On
Tuesday, November 1, the en
tire student body will select a
winner in a general election.
The Queen and the two run
ners-up will appear at the Fri
day night rally, the Saturday
morning house decoration judg
ing, and the trophy presentation
for winning houses at half time
on Saturday.
Cardinals Board has an
nounced that there will be an
addition this year to the tradi
tional Homecoming activities,
the selection of a Homecoming
Queen.
The method of selection will
involve the whole student body
and is designed to arouse a
large measure of spirit and
unity. Each men's living group
will submit one nominee. The
deadline for nominations is
October 27.
On October 30 the football
team will narrow the field to
eight nominees, in deference to
the fact that Homecoming is es
sentially a football event. On
Tuesday, November 1, the en
tire student body will select a
winner in a general election.
The Queen and the two run
ners-up will appear at the Fri
day night rally, the Saturday
morning house decoration judg
ing, and the trophy presentation
for winning houses at half time
on Saturday.
Cardinals Board has an
nounced that there will be an
addition this year to the tradi
tional Homecoming activities,
the selection of a Homecoming
Queen.
The method of selection will
involve the whole student body
and is designed to arouse a
large measure of spirit and
unity. Each men's living group
will submit one nominee. The
deadline for nominations is
October 27.
On October 30 the football
team will narrow the field to
eight nominees, in deference to
the fact that Homecoming is es
sentially a football event. On
Tuesday, November 1, the en
tire student body will select a
winner in a general election.
The Queen and the two run
ners-up will appear at the Fri
day night rally, the Saturday
morning house decoration judg
ing, and the trophy presentation
for winning houses at half time
on Saturday.
Cardinals Board has an
nounced that there will be an
addition this year to the tradi
tional Homecoming activities,
the selection of a Homecoming
Queen.
The method of selection will
involve the whole student body
and is designed to arouse a
large measure of spirit and
unity. Each men's living group
will submit one nominee. The
deadline for nominations is
October 27.
On October 30 the football
team will narrow the field to
eight nominees, in deference to
the fact that Homecoming is es
sentially a football event. On
Tuesday, November 1, the en
tire student body will select a
winner in a general election.
The Queen and the two run
ners-up will appear at the Fri
day night rally, the Saturday
morning house decoration judg
ing, and the trophy presentation
for winning houses at half time
on Saturday.
Cardinals Board has an
nounced that there will be an
addition this year to the tradi
tional Homecoming activities,
the selection of a Homecoming
Queen.
The method of selection will
involve the whole student body
and is designed to arouse a
large measure of spirit and
unity. Each men's living group
will submit one nominee. The
deadline for nominations is
October 27.
On October 30 the football
team will narrow the field to
eight nominees, in deference to
the fact that Homecoming is es
sentially a football event. On
Tuesday, November 1, the en
tire student body will select a
winner in a general election.
The Queen and the two run
ners-up will appear at the Fri
day night rally, the Saturday
morning house decoration judg
ing, and the trophy presentation
for winning houses at half time
on Saturday.
Cardinals Board has an
nounced that there will be an
addition this year to the tradi
tional Homecoming activities,
the selection of a Homecoming
Queen.
The method of selection will
involve the whole student body
and is designed to arouse a
large measure of spirit and
unity. Each men's living group
will submit one nominee. The
deadline for nominations is
October 27.
On October 30 the football
team will narrow the field to
eight nominees, in deference to
the fact that Homecoming is es
sentially a football event. On
Tuesday, November 1, the en
tire student body will select a
winner in a general election.
The Queen and the two run
ners-up will appear at the Fri
day night rally, the Saturday
morning house decoration judg
ing, and the trophy presentation
for winning houses at half time
on Saturday.
Cardinals Board has an
nounced that there will be an
addition this year to the tradi
tional Homecoming activities,
the selection of a Homecoming
Queen.
The method of selection will
involve the whole student body
and is designed to arouse a
large measure of spirit and
unity. Each men's living group
will submit one nominee. The
deadline for nominations is
October 27.
On October 30 the football
team will narrow the field to
eight nominees, in deference to
the fact that Homecoming is es
sentially a football event. On
Tuesday, November 1, the en
tire student body will select a
winner in a general election.
The Queen and the two run
ners-up will appear at the Fri
day night rally, the Saturday
morning house decoration judg
ing, and the trophy presentation
for winning houses at half time
on Saturday.
Cardinals Board has an
nounced that there will be an
addition this year to the tradi
tional Homecoming activities,
the selection of a Homecoming
Queen.
The method of selection will
involve the whole student body
and is designed to arouse a
large measure of spirit and
unity. Each men's living group
will submit one nominee. The
deadline for nominations is
October 27.
On October 30 the football
team will narrow the field to
eight nominees, in deference to
the fact that Homecoming is es
sentially a football event. On
Tuesday, November 1, the en
tire student body will select a
winner in a general election.
The Queen and the two run
ners-up will appear at the Fri
day night rally, the Saturday
morning house decoration judg
ing, and the trophy presentation
for winning houses at half time
on Saturday.
