# Writes Scientific Papers.
## 
### 
Professor G. A. Miller of the
Mathematics department was the
writer of a paper entitled "Exten
sion of a Theorem Due to Sylow,"
which was read at the annual meet
ing of the Association for the Ad
vancement of Science in Philadel
phia. Professor Miller is also the
author of a paper which appeared
in the last number of the American
Journal of Mathematics.
Professor G. A. Miller of the
Mathematics department was the
writer of a paper entitled "Exten
sion of a Theorem Due to Sylow,"
which was read at the annual meet
ing of the Association for the Ad
vancement of Science in Philadel
phia. Professor Miller is also the
author of a paper which appeared
in the last number of the American
Journal of Mathematics.
Professor G. A. Miller of the
Mathematics department was the
writer of a paper entitled "Exten
sion of a Theorem Due to Sylow,"
which was read at the annual meet
ing of the Association for the Ad
vancement of Science in Philadel
phia. Professor Miller is also the
author of a paper which appeared
in the last number of the American
Journal of Mathematics.
Professor G. A. Miller of the
Mathematics department was the
writer of a paper entitled "Exten
sion of a Theorem Due to Sylow,"
which was read at the annual meet
ing of the Association for the Ad
vancement of Science in Philadel
phia. Professor Miller is also the
author of a paper which appeared
in the last number of the American
Journal of Mathematics.
Professor G. A. Miller of the
Mathematics department was the
writer of a paper entitled "Exten
sion of a Theorem Due to Sylow,"
which was read at the annual meet
ing of the Association for the Ad
vancement of Science in Philadel
phia. Professor Miller is also the
author of a paper which appeared
in the last number of the American
Journal of Mathematics.
Professor G. A. Miller of the
Mathematics department was the
writer of a paper entitled "Exten
sion of a Theorem Due to Sylow,"
which was read at the annual meet
ing of the Association for the Ad
vancement of Science in Philadel
phia. Professor Miller is also the
author of a paper which appeared
in the last number of the American
Journal of Mathematics.
Professor G. A. Miller of the
Mathematics department was the
writer of a paper entitled "Exten
sion of a Theorem Due to Sylow,"
which was read at the annual meet
ing of the Association for the Ad
vancement of Science in Philadel
phia. Professor Miller is also the
author of a paper which appeared
in the last number of the American
Journal of Mathematics.
Professor G. A. Miller of the
Mathematics department was the
writer of a paper entitled "Exten
sion of a Theorem Due to Sylow,"
which was read at the annual meet
ing of the Association for the Ad
vancement of Science in Philadel
phia. Professor Miller is also the
author of a paper which appeared
in the last number of the American
Journal of Mathematics.
