# St. Mary's Defeat California.
## 
### 
In a close and interesting game
the baseball team of St. Mary's
College defeated the University of
California yesterday, 3 to 2. The
game was called in the eighth in
ning.
In a close and interesting game
the baseball team of St. Mary's
College defeated the University of
California yesterday, 3 to 2. The
game was called in the eighth in
ning.
In a close and interesting game
the baseball team of St. Mary's
College defeated the University of
California yesterday, 3 to 2. The
game was called in the eighth in
ning.
In a close and interesting game
the baseball team of St. Mary's
College defeated the University of
California yesterday, 3 to 2. The
game was called in the eighth in
ning.
In a close and interesting game
the baseball team of St. Mary's
College defeated the University of
California yesterday, 3 to 2. The
game was called in the eighth in
ning.
In a close and interesting game
the baseball team of St. Mary's
College defeated the University of
California yesterday, 3 to 2. The
game was called in the eighth in
ning.
In a close and interesting game
the baseball team of St. Mary's
College defeated the University of
California yesterday, 3 to 2. The
game was called in the eighth in
ning.
In a close and interesting game
the baseball team of St. Mary's
College defeated the University of
California yesterday, 3 to 2. The
game was called in the eighth in
ning.
