# Stanford on Editorial Board.
## 
### 
The Transactions of the American
Mathematical Society, the official
publication of the American Mathe
matical Society, has added Stanford
University to the list of institutions
from which it draws its editorial
support. The journal is published
quarterly and contains the most
important papers which have been
presented at the meetings of the
society. Beside this material, in
dependent papers are published,
which are contributed by faculty
members of the college on the edi
torial board. Beside supporting the
paper editorially, these institutions
aid in financing the journal. The
following institutions comprise the
board: Yale, Columbia, Wesleyan,
Haverford, Missouri, Northwestern,
Cornell, California, Chicago and
Stanford.
The Transactions of the American
Mathematical Society, the official
publication of the American Mathe
matical Society, has added Stanford
University to the list of institutions
from which it draws its editorial
support. The journal is published
quarterly and contains the most
important papers which have been
presented at the meetings of the
society. Beside this material, in
dependent papers are published,
which are contributed by faculty
members of the college on the edi
torial board. Beside supporting the
paper editorially, these institutions
aid in financing the journal. The
following institutions comprise the
board: Yale, Columbia, Wesleyan,
Haverford, Missouri, Northwestern,
Cornell, California, Chicago and
Stanford.
The Transactions of the American
Mathematical Society, the official
publication of the American Mathe
matical Society, has added Stanford
University to the list of institutions
from which it draws its editorial
support. The journal is published
quarterly and contains the most
important papers which have been
presented at the meetings of the
society. Beside this material, in
dependent papers are published,
which are contributed by faculty
members of the college on the edi
torial board. Beside supporting the
paper editorially, these institutions
aid in financing the journal. The
following institutions comprise the
board: Yale, Columbia, Wesleyan,
Haverford, Missouri, Northwestern,
Cornell, California, Chicago and
Stanford.
The Transactions of the American
Mathematical Society, the official
publication of the American Mathe
matical Society, has added Stanford
University to the list of institutions
from which it draws its editorial
support. The journal is published
quarterly and contains the most
important papers which have been
presented at the meetings of the
society. Beside this material, in
dependent papers are published,
which are contributed by faculty
members of the college on the edi
torial board. Beside supporting the
paper editorially, these institutions
aid in financing the journal. The
following institutions comprise the
board: Yale, Columbia, Wesleyan,
Haverford, Missouri, Northwestern,
Cornell, California, Chicago and
Stanford.
The Transactions of the American
Mathematical Society, the official
publication of the American Mathe
matical Society, has added Stanford
University to the list of institutions
from which it draws its editorial
support. The journal is published
quarterly and contains the most
important papers which have been
presented at the meetings of the
society. Beside this material, in
dependent papers are published,
which are contributed by faculty
members of the college on the edi
torial board. Beside supporting the
paper editorially, these institutions
aid in financing the journal. The
following institutions comprise the
board: Yale, Columbia, Wesleyan,
Haverford, Missouri, Northwestern,
Cornell, California, Chicago and
Stanford.
The Transactions of the American
Mathematical Society, the official
publication of the American Mathe
matical Society, has added Stanford
University to the list of institutions
from which it draws its editorial
support. The journal is published
quarterly and contains the most
important papers which have been
presented at the meetings of the
society. Beside this material, in
dependent papers are published,
which are contributed by faculty
members of the college on the edi
torial board. Beside supporting the
paper editorially, these institutions
aid in financing the journal. The
following institutions comprise the
board: Yale, Columbia, Wesleyan,
Haverford, Missouri, Northwestern,
Cornell, California, Chicago and
Stanford.
The Transactions of the American
Mathematical Society, the official
publication of the American Mathe
matical Society, has added Stanford
University to the list of institutions
from which it draws its editorial
support. The journal is published
quarterly and contains the most
important papers which have been
presented at the meetings of the
society. Beside this material, in
dependent papers are published,
which are contributed by faculty
members of the college on the edi
torial board. Beside supporting the
paper editorially, these institutions
aid in financing the journal. The
following institutions comprise the
board: Yale, Columbia, Wesleyan,
Haverford, Missouri, Northwestern,
Cornell, California, Chicago and
Stanford.
The Transactions of the American
Mathematical Society, the official
publication of the American Mathe
matical Society, has added Stanford
University to the list of institutions
from which it draws its editorial
support. The journal is published
quarterly and contains the most
important papers which have been
presented at the meetings of the
society. Beside this material, in
dependent papers are published,
which are contributed by faculty
members of the college on the edi
torial board. Beside supporting the
paper editorially, these institutions
aid in financing the journal. The
following institutions comprise the
board: Yale, Columbia, Wesleyan,
Haverford, Missouri, Northwestern,
Cornell, California, Chicago and
Stanford.
