# Court Convicts Batista Officer
## 
### 
HAVANA (/I 1 ) In a quiet court
room Tuesday a revolutionary tri
bunal reconvicted and condemned
the Batista army major who pre
viously was sentenced to death
before jeering thousands in Hava
na's sports palace.
The decorous courtroom trial
came to its expected climax as
rebel chieftain Fidel Castro in the
new role of prime minister em
barked on his program of social
and economic reforms to improve
Cuban life.
On the foreign front, Castro's
foreign minister Roberto Agra
monle announced Cuba would
withdraw from the 21-nation Or
ganization of American States if
the Dominican Republic, Nicara
gua and Paraguay continue as
members.
Castro has repeatedly said the
three countries are ruled by op
pressive dictatorships. He eon
tends their rulers should be over
thrown. All 20 Latin American
republics and the United States
make up the OAS membership.
