# Tryouts
## 
### 
Tryouts for the Ram's Head
produetion of "Pal Joey," musical
play by Rodgers and Hart, con
clude tonight in Memorial Audi
torium, Room 20.), from 7:30 to
10.
Director Dick Lamb and pro
ducer Nancy Whyte stressed that
Stanford students are especially
encouraged to try out as "the pro
duction is intended to be mainly
a student affair."
Production dates are May 6 9.
Tryouts for the Ram's Head
produetion of "Pal Joey," musical
play by Rodgers and Hart, con
clude tonight in Memorial Audi
torium, Room 20.), from 7:30 to
10.
Director Dick Lamb and pro
ducer Nancy Whyte stressed that
Stanford students are especially
encouraged to try out as "the pro
duction is intended to be mainly
a student affair."
Production dates are May 6 9.
Tryouts for the Ram's Head
produetion of "Pal Joey," musical
play by Rodgers and Hart, con
clude tonight in Memorial Audi
torium, Room 20.), from 7:30 to
10.
Director Dick Lamb and pro
ducer Nancy Whyte stressed that
Stanford students are especially
encouraged to try out as "the pro
duction is intended to be mainly
a student affair."
Production dates are May 6 9.
Tryouts for the Ram's Head
produetion of "Pal Joey," musical
play by Rodgers and Hart, con
clude tonight in Memorial Audi
torium, Room 20.), from 7:30 to
10.
Director Dick Lamb and pro
ducer Nancy Whyte stressed that
Stanford students are especially
encouraged to try out as "the pro
duction is intended to be mainly
a student affair."
Production dates are May 6 9.
Tryouts for the Ram's Head
produetion of "Pal Joey," musical
play by Rodgers and Hart, con
clude tonight in Memorial Audi
torium, Room 20.), from 7:30 to
10.
Director Dick Lamb and pro
ducer Nancy Whyte stressed that
Stanford students are especially
encouraged to try out as "the pro
duction is intended to be mainly
a student affair."
Production dates are May 6 9.
Tryouts for the Ram's Head
produetion of "Pal Joey," musical
play by Rodgers and Hart, con
clude tonight in Memorial Audi
torium, Room 20.), from 7:30 to
10.
Director Dick Lamb and pro
ducer Nancy Whyte stressed that
Stanford students are especially
encouraged to try out as "the pro
duction is intended to be mainly
a student affair."
Production dates are May 6 9.
Tryouts for the Ram's Head
produetion of "Pal Joey," musical
play by Rodgers and Hart, con
clude tonight in Memorial Audi
torium, Room 20.), from 7:30 to
10.
Director Dick Lamb and pro
ducer Nancy Whyte stressed that
Stanford students are especially
encouraged to try out as "the pro
duction is intended to be mainly
a student affair."
Production dates are May 6 9.
Tryouts for the Ram's Head
produetion of "Pal Joey," musical
play by Rodgers and Hart, con
clude tonight in Memorial Audi
torium, Room 20.), from 7:30 to
10.
Director Dick Lamb and pro
ducer Nancy Whyte stressed that
Stanford students are especially
encouraged to try out as "the pro
duction is intended to be mainly
a student affair."
Production dates are May 6 9.
Tryouts for the Ram's Head
produetion of "Pal Joey," musical
play by Rodgers and Hart, con
clude tonight in Memorial Audi
torium, Room 20.), from 7:30 to
10.
Director Dick Lamb and pro
ducer Nancy Whyte stressed that
Stanford students are especially
encouraged to try out as "the pro
duction is intended to be mainly
a student affair."
Production dates are May 6 9.
Tryouts for the Ram's Head
produetion of "Pal Joey," musical
play by Rodgers and Hart, con
clude tonight in Memorial Audi
torium, Room 20.), from 7:30 to
10.
Director Dick Lamb and pro
ducer Nancy Whyte stressed that
Stanford students are especially
encouraged to try out as "the pro
duction is intended to be mainly
a student affair."
Production dates are May 6 9.
Tryouts for the Ram's Head
produetion of "Pal Joey," musical
play by Rodgers and Hart, con
clude tonight in Memorial Audi
torium, Room 20.), from 7:30 to
10.
Director Dick Lamb and pro
ducer Nancy Whyte stressed that
Stanford students are especially
encouraged to try out as "the pro
duction is intended to be mainly
a student affair."
Production dates are May 6 9.
Tryouts for the Ram's Head
produetion of "Pal Joey," musical
play by Rodgers and Hart, con
clude tonight in Memorial Audi
torium, Room 20.), from 7:30 to
10.
Director Dick Lamb and pro
ducer Nancy Whyte stressed that
Stanford students are especially
encouraged to try out as "the pro
duction is intended to be mainly
a student affair."
Production dates are May 6 9.
Tryouts for the Ram's Head
produetion of "Pal Joey," musical
play by Rodgers and Hart, con
clude tonight in Memorial Audi
torium, Room 20.), from 7:30 to
10.
Director Dick Lamb and pro
ducer Nancy Whyte stressed that
Stanford students are especially
encouraged to try out as "the pro
duction is intended to be mainly
a student affair."
Production dates are May 6 9.
Tryouts for the Ram's Head
produetion of "Pal Joey," musical
play by Rodgers and Hart, con
clude tonight in Memorial Audi
torium, Room 20.), from 7:30 to
10.
Director Dick Lamb and pro
ducer Nancy Whyte stressed that
Stanford students are especially
encouraged to try out as "the pro
duction is intended to be mainly
a student affair."
Production dates are May 6 9.
Tryouts for the Ram's Head
produetion of "Pal Joey," musical
play by Rodgers and Hart, con
clude tonight in Memorial Audi
torium, Room 20.), from 7:30 to
10.
Director Dick Lamb and pro
ducer Nancy Whyte stressed that
Stanford students are especially
encouraged to try out as "the pro
duction is intended to be mainly
a student affair."
Production dates are May 6 9.
Tryouts for the Ram's Head
produetion of "Pal Joey," musical
play by Rodgers and Hart, con
clude tonight in Memorial Audi
torium, Room 20.), from 7:30 to
10.
Director Dick Lamb and pro
ducer Nancy Whyte stressed that
Stanford students are especially
encouraged to try out as "the pro
duction is intended to be mainly
a student affair."
Production dates are May 6 9.
Tryouts for the Ram's Head
produetion of "Pal Joey," musical
play by Rodgers and Hart, con
clude tonight in Memorial Audi
torium, Room 20.), from 7:30 to
10.
Director Dick Lamb and pro
ducer Nancy Whyte stressed that
Stanford students are especially
encouraged to try out as "the pro
duction is intended to be mainly
a student affair."
Production dates are May 6 9.
