# STOREY HOUSE
## 
### 
President, Joan Proctor; vice
president, Elaine Elliott; score
tary, Linda Dushane; treasurer,
Charlotte Barnett; social chair
man, Jan Silvius; committee oi
eight, Dolores Martak.
President, Joan Proctor; vice
president, Elaine Elliott; score
tary, Linda Dushane; treasurer,
Charlotte Barnett; social chair
man, Jan Silvius; committee oi
eight, Dolores Martak.
President, Joan Proctor; vice
president, Elaine Elliott; score
tary, Linda Dushane; treasurer,
Charlotte Barnett; social chair
man, Jan Silvius; committee oi
eight, Dolores Martak.
President, Joan Proctor; vice
president, Elaine Elliott; score
tary, Linda Dushane; treasurer,
Charlotte Barnett; social chair
man, Jan Silvius; committee oi
eight, Dolores Martak.
President, Joan Proctor; vice
president, Elaine Elliott; score
tary, Linda Dushane; treasurer,
Charlotte Barnett; social chair
man, Jan Silvius; committee oi
eight, Dolores Martak.
President, Joan Proctor; vice
president, Elaine Elliott; score
tary, Linda Dushane; treasurer,
Charlotte Barnett; social chair
man, Jan Silvius; committee oi
eight, Dolores Martak.
President, Joan Proctor; vice
president, Elaine Elliott; score
tary, Linda Dushane; treasurer,
Charlotte Barnett; social chair
man, Jan Silvius; committee oi
eight, Dolores Martak.
President, Joan Proctor; vice
president, Elaine Elliott; score
tary, Linda Dushane; treasurer,
Charlotte Barnett; social chair
man, Jan Silvius; committee oi
eight, Dolores Martak.
President, Joan Proctor; vice
president, Elaine Elliott; score
tary, Linda Dushane; treasurer,
Charlotte Barnett; social chair
man, Jan Silvius; committee oi
eight, Dolores Martak.
President, Joan Proctor; vice
president, Elaine Elliott; score
tary, Linda Dushane; treasurer,
Charlotte Barnett; social chair
man, Jan Silvius; committee oi
eight, Dolores Martak.
President, Joan Proctor; vice
president, Elaine Elliott; score
tary, Linda Dushane; treasurer,
Charlotte Barnett; social chair
man, Jan Silvius; committee oi
eight, Dolores Martak.
President, Joan Proctor; vice
president, Elaine Elliott; score
tary, Linda Dushane; treasurer,
Charlotte Barnett; social chair
man, Jan Silvius; committee oi
eight, Dolores Martak.
President, Joan Proctor; vice
president, Elaine Elliott; score
tary, Linda Dushane; treasurer,
Charlotte Barnett; social chair
man, Jan Silvius; committee oi
eight, Dolores Martak.
President, Joan Proctor; vice
president, Elaine Elliott; score
tary, Linda Dushane; treasurer,
Charlotte Barnett; social chair
man, Jan Silvius; committee oi
eight, Dolores Martak.
President, Joan Proctor; vice
president, Elaine Elliott; score
tary, Linda Dushane; treasurer,
Charlotte Barnett; social chair
man, Jan Silvius; committee oi
eight, Dolores Martak.
President, Joan Proctor; vice
president, Elaine Elliott; score
tary, Linda Dushane; treasurer,
Charlotte Barnett; social chair
man, Jan Silvius; committee oi
eight, Dolores Martak.
President, Joan Proctor; vice
president, Elaine Elliott; score
tary, Linda Dushane; treasurer,
Charlotte Barnett; social chair
man, Jan Silvius; committee oi
eight, Dolores Martak.
