# Tenor to Sing
## 
### 

( i;SARi: VALMSTTl, leading
lyric tenor of the San Francisco
and Metropolitan Opera com
panies, will present a song re
cital Saturday in Memorial Au
ditorium at 8:15 p.m. Tickets
lor the concert are sMIl on sale
at I tic ASSIJ Concert Scries of
t'!/,., » lw. I !nim>

( i;SARi: VALMSTTl, leading
lyric tenor of the San Francisco
and Metropolitan Opera com
panies, will present a song re
cital Saturday in Memorial Au
ditorium at 8:15 p.m. Tickets
lor the concert are sMIl on sale
at I tic ASSIJ Concert Scries of
t'!/,., » lw. I !nim>

( i;SARi: VALMSTTl, leading
lyric tenor of the San Francisco
and Metropolitan Opera com
panies, will present a song re
cital Saturday in Memorial Au
ditorium at 8:15 p.m. Tickets
lor the concert are sMIl on sale
at I tic ASSIJ Concert Scries of
t'!/,., » lw. I !nim>

( i;SARi: VALMSTTl, leading
lyric tenor of the San Francisco
and Metropolitan Opera com
panies, will present a song re
cital Saturday in Memorial Au
ditorium at 8:15 p.m. Tickets
lor the concert are sMIl on sale
at I tic ASSIJ Concert Scries of
t'!/,., » lw. I !nim>

( i;SARi: VALMSTTl, leading
lyric tenor of the San Francisco
and Metropolitan Opera com
panies, will present a song re
cital Saturday in Memorial Au
ditorium at 8:15 p.m. Tickets
lor the concert are sMIl on sale
at I tic ASSIJ Concert Scries of
t'!/,., » lw. I !nim>

( i;SARi: VALMSTTl, leading
lyric tenor of the San Francisco
and Metropolitan Opera com
panies, will present a song re
cital Saturday in Memorial Au
ditorium at 8:15 p.m. Tickets
lor the concert are sMIl on sale
at I tic ASSIJ Concert Scries of
t'!/,., » lw. I !nim>

( i;SARi: VALMSTTl, leading
lyric tenor of the San Francisco
and Metropolitan Opera com
panies, will present a song re
cital Saturday in Memorial Au
ditorium at 8:15 p.m. Tickets
lor the concert are sMIl on sale
at I tic ASSIJ Concert Scries of
t'!/,., » lw. I !nim>

( i;SARi: VALMSTTl, leading
lyric tenor of the San Francisco
and Metropolitan Opera com
panies, will present a song re
cital Saturday in Memorial Au
ditorium at 8:15 p.m. Tickets
lor the concert are sMIl on sale
at I tic ASSIJ Concert Scries of
t'!/,., » lw. I !nim>

( i;SARi: VALMSTTl, leading
lyric tenor of the San Francisco
and Metropolitan Opera com
panies, will present a song re
cital Saturday in Memorial Au
ditorium at 8:15 p.m. Tickets
lor the concert are sMIl on sale
at I tic ASSIJ Concert Scries of
t'!/,., » lw. I !nim>

( i;SARi: VALMSTTl, leading
lyric tenor of the San Francisco
and Metropolitan Opera com
panies, will present a song re
cital Saturday in Memorial Au
ditorium at 8:15 p.m. Tickets
lor the concert are sMIl on sale
at I tic ASSIJ Concert Scries of
t'!/,., » lw. I !nim>

( i;SARi: VALMSTTl, leading
lyric tenor of the San Francisco
and Metropolitan Opera com
panies, will present a song re
cital Saturday in Memorial Au
ditorium at 8:15 p.m. Tickets
lor the concert are sMIl on sale
at I tic ASSIJ Concert Scries of
t'!/,., » lw. I !nim>

( i;SARi: VALMSTTl, leading
lyric tenor of the San Francisco
and Metropolitan Opera com
panies, will present a song re
cital Saturday in Memorial Au
ditorium at 8:15 p.m. Tickets
lor the concert are sMIl on sale
at I tic ASSIJ Concert Scries of
t'!/,., » lw. I !nim>

( i;SARi: VALMSTTl, leading
lyric tenor of the San Francisco
and Metropolitan Opera com
panies, will present a song re
cital Saturday in Memorial Au
ditorium at 8:15 p.m. Tickets
lor the concert are sMIl on sale
at I tic ASSIJ Concert Scries of
t'!/,., » lw. I !nim>

( i;SARi: VALMSTTl, leading
lyric tenor of the San Francisco
and Metropolitan Opera com
panies, will present a song re
cital Saturday in Memorial Au
ditorium at 8:15 p.m. Tickets
lor the concert are sMIl on sale
at I tic ASSIJ Concert Scries of
t'!/,., » lw. I !nim>

( i;SARi: VALMSTTl, leading
lyric tenor of the San Francisco
and Metropolitan Opera com
panies, will present a song re
cital Saturday in Memorial Au
ditorium at 8:15 p.m. Tickets
lor the concert are sMIl on sale
at I tic ASSIJ Concert Scries of
t'!/,., » lw. I !nim>

( i;SARi: VALMSTTl, leading
lyric tenor of the San Francisco
and Metropolitan Opera com
panies, will present a song re
cital Saturday in Memorial Au
ditorium at 8:15 p.m. Tickets
lor the concert are sMIl on sale
at I tic ASSIJ Concert Scries of
t'!/,., » lw. I !nim>

( i;SARi: VALMSTTl, leading
lyric tenor of the San Francisco
and Metropolitan Opera com
panies, will present a song re
cital Saturday in Memorial Au
ditorium at 8:15 p.m. Tickets
lor the concert are sMIl on sale
at I tic ASSIJ Concert Scries of
t'!/,., » lw. I !nim>
