# Stanford Footballers Hold Short Workout in the Rain
## 
### 
Despite the wet weather, Stanford
Coach Chuck Taylor held a short
workout of his gridders yesterday |
in preparation for Saturday's San
Jose State contest.
One of the coach's main problems
is to prevent the team from looking !

over this contest to the Bitf Game
next week. The Cards have in past
years, however, held a jinx of sorts
over the Spartans. In 11 meetings,
the San Jo.se eleven has yet to win
a game.
The news lately is not too good,
either, for Spartan Coach Bob Bron
zan. It was announced that halfback
Herm Stokes has quit the team. This
leaves San Jose with iiut :-ix half
backs.
Despite the wet weather, Stanford
Coach Chuck Taylor held a short
workout of his gridders yesterday |
in preparation for Saturday's San
Jose State contest.
One of the coach's main problems
is to prevent the team from looking !

over this contest to the Bitf Game
next week. The Cards have in past
years, however, held a jinx of sorts
over the Spartans. In 11 meetings,
the San Jo.se eleven has yet to win
a game.
The news lately is not too good,
either, for Spartan Coach Bob Bron
zan. It was announced that halfback
Herm Stokes has quit the team. This
leaves San Jose with iiut :-ix half
backs.
Despite the wet weather, Stanford
Coach Chuck Taylor held a short
workout of his gridders yesterday |
in preparation for Saturday's San
Jose State contest.
One of the coach's main problems
is to prevent the team from looking !

over this contest to the Bitf Game
next week. The Cards have in past
years, however, held a jinx of sorts
over the Spartans. In 11 meetings,
the San Jo.se eleven has yet to win
a game.
The news lately is not too good,
either, for Spartan Coach Bob Bron
zan. It was announced that halfback
Herm Stokes has quit the team. This
leaves San Jose with iiut :-ix half
backs.
Despite the wet weather, Stanford
Coach Chuck Taylor held a short
workout of his gridders yesterday |
in preparation for Saturday's San
Jose State contest.
One of the coach's main problems
is to prevent the team from looking !

over this contest to the Bitf Game
next week. The Cards have in past
years, however, held a jinx of sorts
over the Spartans. In 11 meetings,
the San Jo.se eleven has yet to win
a game.
The news lately is not too good,
either, for Spartan Coach Bob Bron
zan. It was announced that halfback
Herm Stokes has quit the team. This
leaves San Jose with iiut :-ix half
backs.
Despite the wet weather, Stanford
Coach Chuck Taylor held a short
workout of his gridders yesterday |
in preparation for Saturday's San
Jose State contest.
One of the coach's main problems
is to prevent the team from looking !

over this contest to the Bitf Game
next week. The Cards have in past
years, however, held a jinx of sorts
over the Spartans. In 11 meetings,
the San Jo.se eleven has yet to win
a game.
The news lately is not too good,
either, for Spartan Coach Bob Bron
zan. It was announced that halfback
Herm Stokes has quit the team. This
leaves San Jose with iiut :-ix half
backs.
Despite the wet weather, Stanford
Coach Chuck Taylor held a short
workout of his gridders yesterday |
in preparation for Saturday's San
Jose State contest.
One of the coach's main problems
is to prevent the team from looking !

over this contest to the Bitf Game
next week. The Cards have in past
years, however, held a jinx of sorts
over the Spartans. In 11 meetings,
the San Jo.se eleven has yet to win
a game.
The news lately is not too good,
either, for Spartan Coach Bob Bron
zan. It was announced that halfback
Herm Stokes has quit the team. This
leaves San Jose with iiut :-ix half
backs.
Despite the wet weather, Stanford
Coach Chuck Taylor held a short
workout of his gridders yesterday |
in preparation for Saturday's San
Jose State contest.
One of the coach's main problems
is to prevent the team from looking !

over this contest to the Bitf Game
next week. The Cards have in past
years, however, held a jinx of sorts
over the Spartans. In 11 meetings,
the San Jo.se eleven has yet to win
a game.
The news lately is not too good,
either, for Spartan Coach Bob Bron
zan. It was announced that halfback
Herm Stokes has quit the team. This
leaves San Jose with iiut :-ix half
backs.
Despite the wet weather, Stanford
Coach Chuck Taylor held a short
workout of his gridders yesterday |
in preparation for Saturday's San
Jose State contest.
One of the coach's main problems
is to prevent the team from looking !

over this contest to the Bitf Game
next week. The Cards have in past
years, however, held a jinx of sorts
over the Spartans. In 11 meetings,
the San Jo.se eleven has yet to win
a game.
The news lately is not too good,
either, for Spartan Coach Bob Bron
zan. It was announced that halfback
Herm Stokes has quit the team. This
leaves San Jose with iiut :-ix half
backs.
Despite the wet weather, Stanford
Coach Chuck Taylor held a short
workout of his gridders yesterday |
in preparation for Saturday's San
Jose State contest.
One of the coach's main problems
is to prevent the team from looking !

over this contest to the Bitf Game
next week. The Cards have in past
years, however, held a jinx of sorts
over the Spartans. In 11 meetings,
the San Jo.se eleven has yet to win
a game.
The news lately is not too good,
either, for Spartan Coach Bob Bron
zan. It was announced that halfback
Herm Stokes has quit the team. This
leaves San Jose with iiut :-ix half
backs.
Despite the wet weather, Stanford
Coach Chuck Taylor held a short
workout of his gridders yesterday |
in preparation for Saturday's San
Jose State contest.
One of the coach's main problems
is to prevent the team from looking !

over this contest to the Bitf Game
next week. The Cards have in past
years, however, held a jinx of sorts
over the Spartans. In 11 meetings,
the San Jo.se eleven has yet to win
a game.
The news lately is not too good,
either, for Spartan Coach Bob Bron
zan. It was announced that halfback
Herm Stokes has quit the team. This
leaves San Jose with iiut :-ix half
backs.
Despite the wet weather, Stanford
Coach Chuck Taylor held a short
workout of his gridders yesterday |
in preparation for Saturday's San
Jose State contest.
One of the coach's main problems
is to prevent the team from looking !

over this contest to the Bitf Game
next week. The Cards have in past
years, however, held a jinx of sorts
over the Spartans. In 11 meetings,
the San Jo.se eleven has yet to win
a game.
The news lately is not too good,
either, for Spartan Coach Bob Bron
zan. It was announced that halfback
Herm Stokes has quit the team. This
leaves San Jose with iiut :-ix half
backs.
Despite the wet weather, Stanford
Coach Chuck Taylor held a short
workout of his gridders yesterday |
in preparation for Saturday's San
Jose State contest.
One of the coach's main problems
is to prevent the team from looking !

over this contest to the Bitf Game
next week. The Cards have in past
years, however, held a jinx of sorts
over the Spartans. In 11 meetings,
the San Jo.se eleven has yet to win
a game.
The news lately is not too good,
either, for Spartan Coach Bob Bron
zan. It was announced that halfback
Herm Stokes has quit the team. This
leaves San Jose with iiut :-ix half
backs.
Despite the wet weather, Stanford
Coach Chuck Taylor held a short
workout of his gridders yesterday |
in preparation for Saturday's San
Jose State contest.
One of the coach's main problems
is to prevent the team from looking !

over this contest to the Bitf Game
next week. The Cards have in past
years, however, held a jinx of sorts
over the Spartans. In 11 meetings,
the San Jo.se eleven has yet to win
a game.
The news lately is not too good,
either, for Spartan Coach Bob Bron
zan. It was announced that halfback
Herm Stokes has quit the team. This
leaves San Jose with iiut :-ix half
backs.
Despite the wet weather, Stanford
Coach Chuck Taylor held a short
workout of his gridders yesterday |
in preparation for Saturday's San
Jose State contest.
One of the coach's main problems
is to prevent the team from looking !

over this contest to the Bitf Game
next week. The Cards have in past
years, however, held a jinx of sorts
over the Spartans. In 11 meetings,
the San Jo.se eleven has yet to win
a game.
The news lately is not too good,
either, for Spartan Coach Bob Bron
zan. It was announced that halfback
Herm Stokes has quit the team. This
leaves San Jose with iiut :-ix half
backs.
