# Fire Alarms
## 
### 
The StantorH hire Department
answered several false alarms Sat
urday and extinguished one fire at
the Rig Game bonfire site on the bed
of Lake Lagunita.
The StantorH hire Department
answered several false alarms Sat
urday and extinguished one fire at
the Rig Game bonfire site on the bed
of Lake Lagunita.
The StantorH hire Department
answered several false alarms Sat
urday and extinguished one fire at
the Rig Game bonfire site on the bed
of Lake Lagunita.
The StantorH hire Department
answered several false alarms Sat
urday and extinguished one fire at
the Rig Game bonfire site on the bed
of Lake Lagunita.
The StantorH hire Department
answered several false alarms Sat
urday and extinguished one fire at
the Rig Game bonfire site on the bed
of Lake Lagunita.
The StantorH hire Department
answered several false alarms Sat
urday and extinguished one fire at
the Rig Game bonfire site on the bed
of Lake Lagunita.
The StantorH hire Department
answered several false alarms Sat
urday and extinguished one fire at
the Rig Game bonfire site on the bed
of Lake Lagunita.
The StantorH hire Department
answered several false alarms Sat
urday and extinguished one fire at
the Rig Game bonfire site on the bed
of Lake Lagunita.
The StantorH hire Department
answered several false alarms Sat
urday and extinguished one fire at
the Rig Game bonfire site on the bed
of Lake Lagunita.
The StantorH hire Department
answered several false alarms Sat
urday and extinguished one fire at
the Rig Game bonfire site on the bed
of Lake Lagunita.
The StantorH hire Department
answered several false alarms Sat
urday and extinguished one fire at
the Rig Game bonfire site on the bed
of Lake Lagunita.
The StantorH hire Department
answered several false alarms Sat
urday and extinguished one fire at
the Rig Game bonfire site on the bed
of Lake Lagunita.
The StantorH hire Department
answered several false alarms Sat
urday and extinguished one fire at
the Rig Game bonfire site on the bed
of Lake Lagunita.
The StantorH hire Department
answered several false alarms Sat
urday and extinguished one fire at
the Rig Game bonfire site on the bed
of Lake Lagunita.
