# Encina Formal
## 
### 
"Memories" will be the theme of
Encina Hall's autumn formal which
will he held at 9 p.m. Saturday at
Encina.
Spike Lynch's hand will provide
the music for the dance, and inter
mission entertainment will he sup
plied by all-Encina talent.
"Memories" will be the theme of
Encina Hall's autumn formal which
will he held at 9 p.m. Saturday at
Encina.
Spike Lynch's hand will provide
the music for the dance, and inter
mission entertainment will he sup
plied by all-Encina talent.
"Memories" will be the theme of
Encina Hall's autumn formal which
will he held at 9 p.m. Saturday at
Encina.
Spike Lynch's hand will provide
the music for the dance, and inter
mission entertainment will he sup
plied by all-Encina talent.
"Memories" will be the theme of
Encina Hall's autumn formal which
will he held at 9 p.m. Saturday at
Encina.
Spike Lynch's hand will provide
the music for the dance, and inter
mission entertainment will he sup
plied by all-Encina talent.
"Memories" will be the theme of
Encina Hall's autumn formal which
will he held at 9 p.m. Saturday at
Encina.
Spike Lynch's hand will provide
the music for the dance, and inter
mission entertainment will he sup
plied by all-Encina talent.
"Memories" will be the theme of
Encina Hall's autumn formal which
will he held at 9 p.m. Saturday at
Encina.
Spike Lynch's hand will provide
the music for the dance, and inter
mission entertainment will he sup
plied by all-Encina talent.
"Memories" will be the theme of
Encina Hall's autumn formal which
will he held at 9 p.m. Saturday at
Encina.
Spike Lynch's hand will provide
the music for the dance, and inter
mission entertainment will he sup
plied by all-Encina talent.
"Memories" will be the theme of
Encina Hall's autumn formal which
will he held at 9 p.m. Saturday at
Encina.
Spike Lynch's hand will provide
the music for the dance, and inter
mission entertainment will he sup
plied by all-Encina talent.
"Memories" will be the theme of
Encina Hall's autumn formal which
will he held at 9 p.m. Saturday at
Encina.
Spike Lynch's hand will provide
the music for the dance, and inter
mission entertainment will he sup
plied by all-Encina talent.
"Memories" will be the theme of
Encina Hall's autumn formal which
will he held at 9 p.m. Saturday at
Encina.
Spike Lynch's hand will provide
the music for the dance, and inter
mission entertainment will he sup
plied by all-Encina talent.
"Memories" will be the theme of
Encina Hall's autumn formal which
will he held at 9 p.m. Saturday at
Encina.
Spike Lynch's hand will provide
the music for the dance, and inter
mission entertainment will he sup
plied by all-Encina talent.
"Memories" will be the theme of
Encina Hall's autumn formal which
will he held at 9 p.m. Saturday at
Encina.
Spike Lynch's hand will provide
the music for the dance, and inter
mission entertainment will he sup
plied by all-Encina talent.
"Memories" will be the theme of
Encina Hall's autumn formal which
will he held at 9 p.m. Saturday at
Encina.
Spike Lynch's hand will provide
the music for the dance, and inter
mission entertainment will he sup
plied by all-Encina talent.
"Memories" will be the theme of
Encina Hall's autumn formal which
will he held at 9 p.m. Saturday at
Encina.
Spike Lynch's hand will provide
the music for the dance, and inter
mission entertainment will he sup
plied by all-Encina talent.
