# Untitled Article
## 
### 

This British Tommy is not so in
terested in the best place to eat
or the best show to see, but he's
studying the guide book just the
same. The "Soldier's Guide to
Sicily" is an important little hand
hook distributed to Allied soldiers
giving them lips on the customs of
the land.

This British Tommy is not so in
terested in the best place to eat
or the best show to see, but he's
studying the guide book just the
same. The "Soldier's Guide to
Sicily" is an important little hand
hook distributed to Allied soldiers
giving them lips on the customs of
the land.

This British Tommy is not so in
terested in the best place to eat
or the best show to see, but he's
studying the guide book just the
same. The "Soldier's Guide to
Sicily" is an important little hand
hook distributed to Allied soldiers
giving them lips on the customs of
the land.

This British Tommy is not so in
terested in the best place to eat
or the best show to see, but he's
studying the guide book just the
same. The "Soldier's Guide to
Sicily" is an important little hand
hook distributed to Allied soldiers
giving them lips on the customs of
the land.

This British Tommy is not so in
terested in the best place to eat
or the best show to see, but he's
studying the guide book just the
same. The "Soldier's Guide to
Sicily" is an important little hand
hook distributed to Allied soldiers
giving them lips on the customs of
the land.

This British Tommy is not so in
terested in the best place to eat
or the best show to see, but he's
studying the guide book just the
same. The "Soldier's Guide to
Sicily" is an important little hand
hook distributed to Allied soldiers
giving them lips on the customs of
the land.

This British Tommy is not so in
terested in the best place to eat
or the best show to see, but he's
studying the guide book just the
same. The "Soldier's Guide to
Sicily" is an important little hand
hook distributed to Allied soldiers
giving them lips on the customs of
the land.

This British Tommy is not so in
terested in the best place to eat
or the best show to see, but he's
studying the guide book just the
same. The "Soldier's Guide to
Sicily" is an important little hand
hook distributed to Allied soldiers
giving them lips on the customs of
the land.

This British Tommy is not so in
terested in the best place to eat
or the best show to see, but he's
studying the guide book just the
same. The "Soldier's Guide to
Sicily" is an important little hand
hook distributed to Allied soldiers
giving them lips on the customs of
the land.

This British Tommy is not so in
terested in the best place to eat
or the best show to see, but he's
studying the guide book just the
same. The "Soldier's Guide to
Sicily" is an important little hand
hook distributed to Allied soldiers
giving them lips on the customs of
the land.

This British Tommy is not so in
terested in the best place to eat
or the best show to see, but he's
studying the guide book just the
same. The "Soldier's Guide to
Sicily" is an important little hand
hook distributed to Allied soldiers
giving them lips on the customs of
the land.

This British Tommy is not so in
terested in the best place to eat
or the best show to see, but he's
studying the guide book just the
same. The "Soldier's Guide to
Sicily" is an important little hand
hook distributed to Allied soldiers
giving them lips on the customs of
the land.

This British Tommy is not so in
terested in the best place to eat
or the best show to see, but he's
studying the guide book just the
same. The "Soldier's Guide to
Sicily" is an important little hand
hook distributed to Allied soldiers
giving them lips on the customs of
the land.

This British Tommy is not so in
terested in the best place to eat
or the best show to see, but he's
studying the guide book just the
same. The "Soldier's Guide to
Sicily" is an important little hand
hook distributed to Allied soldiers
giving them lips on the customs of
the land.

This British Tommy is not so in
terested in the best place to eat
or the best show to see, but he's
studying the guide book just the
same. The "Soldier's Guide to
Sicily" is an important little hand
hook distributed to Allied soldiers
giving them lips on the customs of
the land.

This British Tommy is not so in
terested in the best place to eat
or the best show to see, but he's
studying the guide book just the
same. The "Soldier's Guide to
Sicily" is an important little hand
hook distributed to Allied soldiers
giving them lips on the customs of
the land.

This British Tommy is not so in
terested in the best place to eat
or the best show to see, but he's
studying the guide book just the
same. The "Soldier's Guide to
Sicily" is an important little hand
hook distributed to Allied soldiers
giving them lips on the customs of
the land.
