# IIR To Administer Peace Corps Test
## 
### 
The Peace Corps Placement Test
will be administered by the lIR
Peace Corps Desk this Saturday
at 8:30 a.m. in Room 300.
Anyone considering entering
training or the Senior year Pro
gram this summer should fill out
the Volunteer Questionnaire and
bring it to the test. Question
naires are available at the lIR
Loft in Tresidder.
The Peace Corps Placement Test
will be administered by the lIR
Peace Corps Desk this Saturday
at 8:30 a.m. in Room 300.
Anyone considering entering
training or the Senior year Pro
gram this summer should fill out
the Volunteer Questionnaire and
bring it to the test. Question
naires are available at the lIR
Loft in Tresidder.
The Peace Corps Placement Test
will be administered by the lIR
Peace Corps Desk this Saturday
at 8:30 a.m. in Room 300.
Anyone considering entering
training or the Senior year Pro
gram this summer should fill out
the Volunteer Questionnaire and
bring it to the test. Question
naires are available at the lIR
Loft in Tresidder.
The Peace Corps Placement Test
will be administered by the lIR
Peace Corps Desk this Saturday
at 8:30 a.m. in Room 300.
Anyone considering entering
training or the Senior year Pro
gram this summer should fill out
the Volunteer Questionnaire and
bring it to the test. Question
naires are available at the lIR
Loft in Tresidder.
The Peace Corps Placement Test
will be administered by the lIR
Peace Corps Desk this Saturday
at 8:30 a.m. in Room 300.
Anyone considering entering
training or the Senior year Pro
gram this summer should fill out
the Volunteer Questionnaire and
bring it to the test. Question
naires are available at the lIR
Loft in Tresidder.
The Peace Corps Placement Test
will be administered by the lIR
Peace Corps Desk this Saturday
at 8:30 a.m. in Room 300.
Anyone considering entering
training or the Senior year Pro
gram this summer should fill out
the Volunteer Questionnaire and
bring it to the test. Question
naires are available at the lIR
Loft in Tresidder.
The Peace Corps Placement Test
will be administered by the lIR
Peace Corps Desk this Saturday
at 8:30 a.m. in Room 300.
Anyone considering entering
training or the Senior year Pro
gram this summer should fill out
the Volunteer Questionnaire and
bring it to the test. Question
naires are available at the lIR
Loft in Tresidder.
The Peace Corps Placement Test
will be administered by the lIR
Peace Corps Desk this Saturday
at 8:30 a.m. in Room 300.
Anyone considering entering
training or the Senior year Pro
gram this summer should fill out
the Volunteer Questionnaire and
bring it to the test. Question
naires are available at the lIR
Loft in Tresidder.
The Peace Corps Placement Test
will be administered by the lIR
Peace Corps Desk this Saturday
at 8:30 a.m. in Room 300.
Anyone considering entering
training or the Senior year Pro
gram this summer should fill out
the Volunteer Questionnaire and
bring it to the test. Question
naires are available at the lIR
Loft in Tresidder.
The Peace Corps Placement Test
will be administered by the lIR
Peace Corps Desk this Saturday
at 8:30 a.m. in Room 300.
Anyone considering entering
training or the Senior year Pro
gram this summer should fill out
the Volunteer Questionnaire and
bring it to the test. Question
naires are available at the lIR
Loft in Tresidder.
The Peace Corps Placement Test
will be administered by the lIR
Peace Corps Desk this Saturday
at 8:30 a.m. in Room 300.
Anyone considering entering
training or the Senior year Pro
gram this summer should fill out
the Volunteer Questionnaire and
bring it to the test. Question
naires are available at the lIR
Loft in Tresidder.
The Peace Corps Placement Test
will be administered by the lIR
Peace Corps Desk this Saturday
at 8:30 a.m. in Room 300.
Anyone considering entering
training or the Senior year Pro
gram this summer should fill out
the Volunteer Questionnaire and
bring it to the test. Question
naires are available at the lIR
Loft in Tresidder.
The Peace Corps Placement Test
will be administered by the lIR
Peace Corps Desk this Saturday
at 8:30 a.m. in Room 300.
Anyone considering entering
training or the Senior year Pro
gram this summer should fill out
the Volunteer Questionnaire and
bring it to the test. Question
naires are available at the lIR
Loft in Tresidder.
The Peace Corps Placement Test
will be administered by the lIR
Peace Corps Desk this Saturday
at 8:30 a.m. in Room 300.
Anyone considering entering
training or the Senior year Pro
gram this summer should fill out
the Volunteer Questionnaire and
bring it to the test. Question
naires are available at the lIR
Loft in Tresidder.
The Peace Corps Placement Test
will be administered by the lIR
Peace Corps Desk this Saturday
at 8:30 a.m. in Room 300.
Anyone considering entering
training or the Senior year Pro
gram this summer should fill out
the Volunteer Questionnaire and
bring it to the test. Question
naires are available at the lIR
Loft in Tresidder.
