# DEBATERS FORM A NEW THREE-YEAR AGREEMENT
## DATES AND PLACES ARE FIXED FOR ALL STANFORD-CALIFORNIA PLATFORM CONTESTS. JUDGES NOT ALLOWED TO CONFER OTHER MINOR CHANGES ARE MADE IN ARRANGEMENTS BY INTERCOLLEGIATE COMMITTEE. 
### 
A new agreement to govern the Stan
ford-California Intercollegiate and
Carnot debates for the next three
years, was d.rawn up at the meeting
held in the Faculty Clubhouse last
Friday evening. E. E. Sturgis was the
only member of the California Debat
ing Committee able to be present.
The first Friday after the Big Game
will be the date for the regular Inter
collegiate Debate, which is to be held
in San Francisco. The Carnot Debate
will come on the second Friday in
April, and will be alternately at Stan
ford and California. This year striv
ers for the Carnot medal will meet at
Stanford.
Hereafter the judges of the Intercol
legiate will give their decisions with
out conferring with each other. In de
ciding the winner of the Carnot Medal,
the judges will give their vote to the
"most effective" instead of the "best"
speaker. This change has been made
on account of the indefinite nature of
the latter term.
The time given to each man in the
Intercollegiate Debate has been length
ened from fifteen to seventeen min
uts, but only one speaker on each side
of the question may take time fo.r re
buttal. The affirmative speaker will
get eight minutes, and the negative
five for this purpose.
A new agreement to govern the Stan
ford-California Intercollegiate and
Carnot debates for the next three
years, was d.rawn up at the meeting
held in the Faculty Clubhouse last
Friday evening. E. E. Sturgis was the
only member of the California Debat
ing Committee able to be present.
The first Friday after the Big Game
will be the date for the regular Inter
collegiate Debate, which is to be held
in San Francisco. The Carnot Debate
will come on the second Friday in
April, and will be alternately at Stan
ford and California. This year striv
ers for the Carnot medal will meet at
Stanford.
Hereafter the judges of the Intercol
legiate will give their decisions with
out conferring with each other. In de
ciding the winner of the Carnot Medal,
the judges will give their vote to the
"most effective" instead of the "best"
speaker. This change has been made
on account of the indefinite nature of
the latter term.
The time given to each man in the
Intercollegiate Debate has been length
ened from fifteen to seventeen min
uts, but only one speaker on each side
of the question may take time fo.r re
buttal. The affirmative speaker will
get eight minutes, and the negative
five for this purpose.
A new agreement to govern the Stan
ford-California Intercollegiate and
Carnot debates for the next three
years, was d.rawn up at the meeting
held in the Faculty Clubhouse last
Friday evening. E. E. Sturgis was the
only member of the California Debat
ing Committee able to be present.
The first Friday after the Big Game
will be the date for the regular Inter
collegiate Debate, which is to be held
in San Francisco. The Carnot Debate
will come on the second Friday in
April, and will be alternately at Stan
ford and California. This year striv
ers for the Carnot medal will meet at
Stanford.
Hereafter the judges of the Intercol
legiate will give their decisions with
out conferring with each other. In de
ciding the winner of the Carnot Medal,
the judges will give their vote to the
"most effective" instead of the "best"
speaker. This change has been made
on account of the indefinite nature of
the latter term.
The time given to each man in the
Intercollegiate Debate has been length
ened from fifteen to seventeen min
uts, but only one speaker on each side
of the question may take time fo.r re
buttal. The affirmative speaker will
get eight minutes, and the negative
five for this purpose.
A new agreement to govern the Stan
ford-California Intercollegiate and
Carnot debates for the next three
years, was d.rawn up at the meeting
held in the Faculty Clubhouse last
Friday evening. E. E. Sturgis was the
only member of the California Debat
ing Committee able to be present.
The first Friday after the Big Game
will be the date for the regular Inter
collegiate Debate, which is to be held
in San Francisco. The Carnot Debate
will come on the second Friday in
April, and will be alternately at Stan
ford and California. This year striv
ers for the Carnot medal will meet at
Stanford.
Hereafter the judges of the Intercol
legiate will give their decisions with
out conferring with each other. In de
ciding the winner of the Carnot Medal,
the judges will give their vote to the
"most effective" instead of the "best"
speaker. This change has been made
on account of the indefinite nature of
the latter term.
The time given to each man in the
Intercollegiate Debate has been length
ened from fifteen to seventeen min
uts, but only one speaker on each side
of the question may take time fo.r re
buttal. The affirmative speaker will
get eight minutes, and the negative
five for this purpose.
A new agreement to govern the Stan
ford-California Intercollegiate and
Carnot debates for the next three
years, was d.rawn up at the meeting
held in the Faculty Clubhouse last
Friday evening. E. E. Sturgis was the
only member of the California Debat
ing Committee able to be present.
The first Friday after the Big Game
will be the date for the regular Inter
collegiate Debate, which is to be held
in San Francisco. The Carnot Debate
will come on the second Friday in
April, and will be alternately at Stan
ford and California. This year striv
ers for the Carnot medal will meet at
Stanford.
Hereafter the judges of the Intercol
legiate will give their decisions with
out conferring with each other. In de
ciding the winner of the Carnot Medal,
the judges will give their vote to the
"most effective" instead of the "best"
speaker. This change has been made
on account of the indefinite nature of
the latter term.
The time given to each man in the
Intercollegiate Debate has been length
ened from fifteen to seventeen min
uts, but only one speaker on each side
of the question may take time fo.r re
buttal. The affirmative speaker will
get eight minutes, and the negative
five for this purpose.
A new agreement to govern the Stan
ford-California Intercollegiate and
Carnot debates for the next three
years, was d.rawn up at the meeting
held in the Faculty Clubhouse last
Friday evening. E. E. Sturgis was the
only member of the California Debat
ing Committee able to be present.
The first Friday after the Big Game
will be the date for the regular Inter
collegiate Debate, which is to be held
in San Francisco. The Carnot Debate
will come on the second Friday in
April, and will be alternately at Stan
ford and California. This year striv
ers for the Carnot medal will meet at
Stanford.
Hereafter the judges of the Intercol
legiate will give their decisions with
out conferring with each other. In de
ciding the winner of the Carnot Medal,
the judges will give their vote to the
"most effective" instead of the "best"
speaker. This change has been made
on account of the indefinite nature of
the latter term.
The time given to each man in the
Intercollegiate Debate has been length
ened from fifteen to seventeen min
uts, but only one speaker on each side
of the question may take time fo.r re
buttal. The affirmative speaker will
get eight minutes, and the negative
five for this purpose.
A new agreement to govern the Stan
ford-California Intercollegiate and
Carnot debates for the next three
years, was d.rawn up at the meeting
held in the Faculty Clubhouse last
Friday evening. E. E. Sturgis was the
only member of the California Debat
ing Committee able to be present.
The first Friday after the Big Game
will be the date for the regular Inter
collegiate Debate, which is to be held
in San Francisco. The Carnot Debate
will come on the second Friday in
April, and will be alternately at Stan
ford and California. This year striv
ers for the Carnot medal will meet at
Stanford.
Hereafter the judges of the Intercol
legiate will give their decisions with
out conferring with each other. In de
ciding the winner of the Carnot Medal,
the judges will give their vote to the
"most effective" instead of the "best"
speaker. This change has been made
on account of the indefinite nature of
the latter term.
The time given to each man in the
Intercollegiate Debate has been length
ened from fifteen to seventeen min
uts, but only one speaker on each side
of the question may take time fo.r re
buttal. The affirmative speaker will
get eight minutes, and the negative
five for this purpose.
A new agreement to govern the Stan
ford-California Intercollegiate and
Carnot debates for the next three
years, was d.rawn up at the meeting
held in the Faculty Clubhouse last
Friday evening. E. E. Sturgis was the
only member of the California Debat
ing Committee able to be present.
The first Friday after the Big Game
will be the date for the regular Inter
collegiate Debate, which is to be held
in San Francisco. The Carnot Debate
will come on the second Friday in
April, and will be alternately at Stan
ford and California. This year striv
ers for the Carnot medal will meet at
Stanford.
Hereafter the judges of the Intercol
legiate will give their decisions with
out conferring with each other. In de
ciding the winner of the Carnot Medal,
the judges will give their vote to the
"most effective" instead of the "best"
speaker. This change has been made
on account of the indefinite nature of
the latter term.
The time given to each man in the
Intercollegiate Debate has been length
ened from fifteen to seventeen min
uts, but only one speaker on each side
of the question may take time fo.r re
buttal. The affirmative speaker will
get eight minutes, and the negative
five for this purpose.
A new agreement to govern the Stan
ford-California Intercollegiate and
Carnot debates for the next three
years, was d.rawn up at the meeting
held in the Faculty Clubhouse last
Friday evening. E. E. Sturgis was the
only member of the California Debat
ing Committee able to be present.
The first Friday after the Big Game
will be the date for the regular Inter
collegiate Debate, which is to be held
in San Francisco. The Carnot Debate
will come on the second Friday in
April, and will be alternately at Stan
ford and California. This year striv
ers for the Carnot medal will meet at
Stanford.
Hereafter the judges of the Intercol
legiate will give their decisions with
out conferring with each other. In de
ciding the winner of the Carnot Medal,
the judges will give their vote to the
"most effective" instead of the "best"
speaker. This change has been made
on account of the indefinite nature of
the latter term.
The time given to each man in the
Intercollegiate Debate has been length
ened from fifteen to seventeen min
uts, but only one speaker on each side
of the question may take time fo.r re
buttal. The affirmative speaker will
get eight minutes, and the negative
five for this purpose.
A new agreement to govern the Stan
ford-California Intercollegiate and
Carnot debates for the next three
years, was d.rawn up at the meeting
held in the Faculty Clubhouse last
Friday evening. E. E. Sturgis was the
only member of the California Debat
ing Committee able to be present.
The first Friday after the Big Game
will be the date for the regular Inter
collegiate Debate, which is to be held
in San Francisco. The Carnot Debate
will come on the second Friday in
April, and will be alternately at Stan
ford and California. This year striv
ers for the Carnot medal will meet at
Stanford.
Hereafter the judges of the Intercol
legiate will give their decisions with
out conferring with each other. In de
ciding the winner of the Carnot Medal,
the judges will give their vote to the
"most effective" instead of the "best"
speaker. This change has been made
on account of the indefinite nature of
the latter term.
The time given to each man in the
Intercollegiate Debate has been length
ened from fifteen to seventeen min
uts, but only one speaker on each side
of the question may take time fo.r re
buttal. The affirmative speaker will
get eight minutes, and the negative
five for this purpose.
A new agreement to govern the Stan
ford-California Intercollegiate and
Carnot debates for the next three
years, was d.rawn up at the meeting
held in the Faculty Clubhouse last
Friday evening. E. E. Sturgis was the
only member of the California Debat
ing Committee able to be present.
The first Friday after the Big Game
will be the date for the regular Inter
collegiate Debate, which is to be held
in San Francisco. The Carnot Debate
will come on the second Friday in
April, and will be alternately at Stan
ford and California. This year striv
ers for the Carnot medal will meet at
Stanford.
Hereafter the judges of the Intercol
legiate will give their decisions with
out conferring with each other. In de
ciding the winner of the Carnot Medal,
the judges will give their vote to the
"most effective" instead of the "best"
speaker. This change has been made
on account of the indefinite nature of
the latter term.
The time given to each man in the
Intercollegiate Debate has been length
ened from fifteen to seventeen min
uts, but only one speaker on each side
of the question may take time fo.r re
buttal. The affirmative speaker will
get eight minutes, and the negative
five for this purpose.
A new agreement to govern the Stan
ford-California Intercollegiate and
Carnot debates for the next three
years, was d.rawn up at the meeting
held in the Faculty Clubhouse last
Friday evening. E. E. Sturgis was the
only member of the California Debat
ing Committee able to be present.
The first Friday after the Big Game
will be the date for the regular Inter
collegiate Debate, which is to be held
in San Francisco. The Carnot Debate
will come on the second Friday in
April, and will be alternately at Stan
ford and California. This year striv
ers for the Carnot medal will meet at
Stanford.
Hereafter the judges of the Intercol
legiate will give their decisions with
out conferring with each other. In de
ciding the winner of the Carnot Medal,
the judges will give their vote to the
"most effective" instead of the "best"
speaker. This change has been made
on account of the indefinite nature of
the latter term.
The time given to each man in the
Intercollegiate Debate has been length
ened from fifteen to seventeen min
uts, but only one speaker on each side
of the question may take time fo.r re
buttal. The affirmative speaker will
get eight minutes, and the negative
five for this purpose.
A new agreement to govern the Stan
ford-California Intercollegiate and
Carnot debates for the next three
years, was d.rawn up at the meeting
held in the Faculty Clubhouse last
Friday evening. E. E. Sturgis was the
only member of the California Debat
ing Committee able to be present.
The first Friday after the Big Game
will be the date for the regular Inter
collegiate Debate, which is to be held
in San Francisco. The Carnot Debate
will come on the second Friday in
April, and will be alternately at Stan
ford and California. This year striv
ers for the Carnot medal will meet at
Stanford.
Hereafter the judges of the Intercol
legiate will give their decisions with
out conferring with each other. In de
ciding the winner of the Carnot Medal,
the judges will give their vote to the
"most effective" instead of the "best"
speaker. This change has been made
on account of the indefinite nature of
the latter term.
The time given to each man in the
Intercollegiate Debate has been length
ened from fifteen to seventeen min
uts, but only one speaker on each side
of the question may take time fo.r re
buttal. The affirmative speaker will
get eight minutes, and the negative
five for this purpose.
A new agreement to govern the Stan
ford-California Intercollegiate and
Carnot debates for the next three
years, was d.rawn up at the meeting
held in the Faculty Clubhouse last
Friday evening. E. E. Sturgis was the
only member of the California Debat
ing Committee able to be present.
The first Friday after the Big Game
will be the date for the regular Inter
collegiate Debate, which is to be held
in San Francisco. The Carnot Debate
will come on the second Friday in
April, and will be alternately at Stan
ford and California. This year striv
ers for the Carnot medal will meet at
Stanford.
Hereafter the judges of the Intercol
legiate will give their decisions with
out conferring with each other. In de
ciding the winner of the Carnot Medal,
the judges will give their vote to the
"most effective" instead of the "best"
speaker. This change has been made
on account of the indefinite nature of
the latter term.
The time given to each man in the
Intercollegiate Debate has been length
ened from fifteen to seventeen min
uts, but only one speaker on each side
of the question may take time fo.r re
buttal. The affirmative speaker will
get eight minutes, and the negative
five for this purpose.
