# Adv. 55 Page 15
## 
### 
SUMMER JOBS
Earn up to $4,000 storytelling,
lip-synching, and playing
dodgeball! Jefunira Camp needs
experienced, creative, & energetic
counselors. Call 291-2888 for app.
Part time help needed most
afternoons and early evenings
during the summer to tutor,
entertain, and have fun with two
teenagers. Must have car.
Competitive wages, paid for
gasoline and food. Los Altos
location. Please email CV
jfrizzo@sbcglobal.net
Research Assistant, 10 hrs/wk
FMRI/TMS lab, SCI patients
(650) 493-5000 x64313
Work in the Sierras this summer
Jameson Ranch Camp seeks mtre
stdnts to work as counselors at our
self-sufficient children's camp.
Need positive role mdls who have at
least 1 teachable skill, e.g. horse
back riding, horse vaulting, life
guards, mtn bikes, drama, etc.
Rm/Brd+s2Boo/Summer. Call 661-
536-8888 or email thejamesons
@jamesonranchcamp.com
TUTORING
New Mozart School needs violin
teachers, $30, 650-906-9134
Tutors, all h.s. subjs, $20-35/ hr, PT.
Jean 941 -4350 day 493-5512 eve
Tutors K-12 all subjects P/T Flex,
sch. Exp. preferred $20/ hr Apply
www.buddysystem.conyjobs.html
Rollitos? Yeah, we've got Rollitos.
