# "Where Is America?" Topic Of Professor E. E. Robinson
## 
### 
The historical situation resulting
from the revolution of the past six
months will be discussed when Profes
sor Edgar E. Robinson lectures on
"Where Is America?" Tuesday night.
Professor Robinson, who is Margaret
Byrne Professor of American History,
will treat movements of protest present
in the United States today as well as
characteristic practices which have ap
peared in the history of our people. He
believes that James Truslow Adams is
correct in calling attentiton to our
present crisis as that of character as
well as to the economic and political
crises.
The historical situation resulting
from the revolution of the past six
months will be discussed when Profes
sor Edgar E. Robinson lectures on
"Where Is America?" Tuesday night.
Professor Robinson, who is Margaret
Byrne Professor of American History,
will treat movements of protest present
in the United States today as well as
characteristic practices which have ap
peared in the history of our people. He
believes that James Truslow Adams is
correct in calling attentiton to our
present crisis as that of character as
well as to the economic and political
crises.
The historical situation resulting
from the revolution of the past six
months will be discussed when Profes
sor Edgar E. Robinson lectures on
"Where Is America?" Tuesday night.
Professor Robinson, who is Margaret
Byrne Professor of American History,
will treat movements of protest present
in the United States today as well as
characteristic practices which have ap
peared in the history of our people. He
believes that James Truslow Adams is
correct in calling attentiton to our
present crisis as that of character as
well as to the economic and political
crises.
The historical situation resulting
from the revolution of the past six
months will be discussed when Profes
sor Edgar E. Robinson lectures on
"Where Is America?" Tuesday night.
Professor Robinson, who is Margaret
Byrne Professor of American History,
will treat movements of protest present
in the United States today as well as
characteristic practices which have ap
peared in the history of our people. He
believes that James Truslow Adams is
correct in calling attentiton to our
present crisis as that of character as
well as to the economic and political
crises.
The historical situation resulting
from the revolution of the past six
months will be discussed when Profes
sor Edgar E. Robinson lectures on
"Where Is America?" Tuesday night.
Professor Robinson, who is Margaret
Byrne Professor of American History,
will treat movements of protest present
in the United States today as well as
characteristic practices which have ap
peared in the history of our people. He
believes that James Truslow Adams is
correct in calling attentiton to our
present crisis as that of character as
well as to the economic and political
crises.
The historical situation resulting
from the revolution of the past six
months will be discussed when Profes
sor Edgar E. Robinson lectures on
"Where Is America?" Tuesday night.
Professor Robinson, who is Margaret
Byrne Professor of American History,
will treat movements of protest present
in the United States today as well as
characteristic practices which have ap
peared in the history of our people. He
believes that James Truslow Adams is
correct in calling attentiton to our
present crisis as that of character as
well as to the economic and political
crises.
The historical situation resulting
from the revolution of the past six
months will be discussed when Profes
sor Edgar E. Robinson lectures on
"Where Is America?" Tuesday night.
Professor Robinson, who is Margaret
Byrne Professor of American History,
will treat movements of protest present
in the United States today as well as
characteristic practices which have ap
peared in the history of our people. He
believes that James Truslow Adams is
correct in calling attentiton to our
present crisis as that of character as
well as to the economic and political
crises.
The historical situation resulting
from the revolution of the past six
months will be discussed when Profes
sor Edgar E. Robinson lectures on
"Where Is America?" Tuesday night.
Professor Robinson, who is Margaret
Byrne Professor of American History,
will treat movements of protest present
in the United States today as well as
characteristic practices which have ap
peared in the history of our people. He
believes that James Truslow Adams is
correct in calling attentiton to our
present crisis as that of character as
well as to the economic and political
crises.
The historical situation resulting
from the revolution of the past six
months will be discussed when Profes
sor Edgar E. Robinson lectures on
"Where Is America?" Tuesday night.
Professor Robinson, who is Margaret
Byrne Professor of American History,
will treat movements of protest present
in the United States today as well as
characteristic practices which have ap
peared in the history of our people. He
believes that James Truslow Adams is
correct in calling attentiton to our
present crisis as that of character as
well as to the economic and political
crises.
The historical situation resulting
from the revolution of the past six
months will be discussed when Profes
sor Edgar E. Robinson lectures on
"Where Is America?" Tuesday night.
Professor Robinson, who is Margaret
Byrne Professor of American History,
will treat movements of protest present
in the United States today as well as
characteristic practices which have ap
peared in the history of our people. He
believes that James Truslow Adams is
correct in calling attentiton to our
present crisis as that of character as
well as to the economic and political
crises.
The historical situation resulting
from the revolution of the past six
months will be discussed when Profes
sor Edgar E. Robinson lectures on
"Where Is America?" Tuesday night.
Professor Robinson, who is Margaret
Byrne Professor of American History,
will treat movements of protest present
in the United States today as well as
characteristic practices which have ap
peared in the history of our people. He
believes that James Truslow Adams is
correct in calling attentiton to our
present crisis as that of character as
well as to the economic and political
crises.
The historical situation resulting
from the revolution of the past six
months will be discussed when Profes
sor Edgar E. Robinson lectures on
"Where Is America?" Tuesday night.
Professor Robinson, who is Margaret
Byrne Professor of American History,
will treat movements of protest present
in the United States today as well as
characteristic practices which have ap
peared in the history of our people. He
believes that James Truslow Adams is
correct in calling attentiton to our
present crisis as that of character as
well as to the economic and political
crises.
The historical situation resulting
from the revolution of the past six
months will be discussed when Profes
sor Edgar E. Robinson lectures on
"Where Is America?" Tuesday night.
Professor Robinson, who is Margaret
Byrne Professor of American History,
will treat movements of protest present
in the United States today as well as
characteristic practices which have ap
peared in the history of our people. He
believes that James Truslow Adams is
correct in calling attentiton to our
present crisis as that of character as
well as to the economic and political
crises.
The historical situation resulting
from the revolution of the past six
months will be discussed when Profes
sor Edgar E. Robinson lectures on
"Where Is America?" Tuesday night.
Professor Robinson, who is Margaret
Byrne Professor of American History,
will treat movements of protest present
in the United States today as well as
characteristic practices which have ap
peared in the history of our people. He
believes that James Truslow Adams is
correct in calling attentiton to our
present crisis as that of character as
well as to the economic and political
crises.
