# Artists Lament; Topping Spurns A Poser's Cent
## 
### 
The depression opens strange
careers to enterprising college stu
dents. Everyone from a chess
tutor to an artist's model has
found his services acceptable to
the Appointment Office this sum
mer.
And, strange to say, it's easier
to find a chess tutor than a Stan
ford student whose physique meets
the stringent requirements of a
model. Symmetrical limbs and
graceful lines are in demand,
while the majority of Stanfordites
offer bulging muscles and robust
sturdiness.
Keith Topping, tall and supple
athletic star, was at one time
recommended as possessing the
almost perfect form. But owing to
his own apparent disinterest in
the matter, there are as yet no
masterful reproductions of him to
be treasured for posterity.
The depression opens strange
careers to enterprising college stu
dents. Everyone from a chess
tutor to an artist's model has
found his services acceptable to
the Appointment Office this sum
mer.
And, strange to say, it's easier
to find a chess tutor than a Stan
ford student whose physique meets
the stringent requirements of a
model. Symmetrical limbs and
graceful lines are in demand,
while the majority of Stanfordites
offer bulging muscles and robust
sturdiness.
Keith Topping, tall and supple
athletic star, was at one time
recommended as possessing the
almost perfect form. But owing to
his own apparent disinterest in
the matter, there are as yet no
masterful reproductions of him to
be treasured for posterity.
The depression opens strange
careers to enterprising college stu
dents. Everyone from a chess
tutor to an artist's model has
found his services acceptable to
the Appointment Office this sum
mer.
And, strange to say, it's easier
to find a chess tutor than a Stan
ford student whose physique meets
the stringent requirements of a
model. Symmetrical limbs and
graceful lines are in demand,
while the majority of Stanfordites
offer bulging muscles and robust
sturdiness.
Keith Topping, tall and supple
athletic star, was at one time
recommended as possessing the
almost perfect form. But owing to
his own apparent disinterest in
the matter, there are as yet no
masterful reproductions of him to
be treasured for posterity.
The depression opens strange
careers to enterprising college stu
dents. Everyone from a chess
tutor to an artist's model has
found his services acceptable to
the Appointment Office this sum
mer.
And, strange to say, it's easier
to find a chess tutor than a Stan
ford student whose physique meets
the stringent requirements of a
model. Symmetrical limbs and
graceful lines are in demand,
while the majority of Stanfordites
offer bulging muscles and robust
sturdiness.
Keith Topping, tall and supple
athletic star, was at one time
recommended as possessing the
almost perfect form. But owing to
his own apparent disinterest in
the matter, there are as yet no
masterful reproductions of him to
be treasured for posterity.
The depression opens strange
careers to enterprising college stu
dents. Everyone from a chess
tutor to an artist's model has
found his services acceptable to
the Appointment Office this sum
mer.
And, strange to say, it's easier
to find a chess tutor than a Stan
ford student whose physique meets
the stringent requirements of a
model. Symmetrical limbs and
graceful lines are in demand,
while the majority of Stanfordites
offer bulging muscles and robust
sturdiness.
Keith Topping, tall and supple
athletic star, was at one time
recommended as possessing the
almost perfect form. But owing to
his own apparent disinterest in
the matter, there are as yet no
masterful reproductions of him to
be treasured for posterity.
The depression opens strange
careers to enterprising college stu
dents. Everyone from a chess
tutor to an artist's model has
found his services acceptable to
the Appointment Office this sum
mer.
And, strange to say, it's easier
to find a chess tutor than a Stan
ford student whose physique meets
the stringent requirements of a
model. Symmetrical limbs and
graceful lines are in demand,
while the majority of Stanfordites
offer bulging muscles and robust
sturdiness.
Keith Topping, tall and supple
athletic star, was at one time
recommended as possessing the
almost perfect form. But owing to
his own apparent disinterest in
the matter, there are as yet no
masterful reproductions of him to
be treasured for posterity.
The depression opens strange
careers to enterprising college stu
dents. Everyone from a chess
tutor to an artist's model has
found his services acceptable to
the Appointment Office this sum
mer.
And, strange to say, it's easier
to find a chess tutor than a Stan
ford student whose physique meets
the stringent requirements of a
model. Symmetrical limbs and
graceful lines are in demand,
while the majority of Stanfordites
offer bulging muscles and robust
sturdiness.
Keith Topping, tall and supple
athletic star, was at one time
recommended as possessing the
almost perfect form. But owing to
his own apparent disinterest in
the matter, there are as yet no
masterful reproductions of him to
be treasured for posterity.
The depression opens strange
careers to enterprising college stu
dents. Everyone from a chess
tutor to an artist's model has
found his services acceptable to
the Appointment Office this sum
mer.
And, strange to say, it's easier
to find a chess tutor than a Stan
ford student whose physique meets
the stringent requirements of a
model. Symmetrical limbs and
graceful lines are in demand,
while the majority of Stanfordites
offer bulging muscles and robust
sturdiness.
Keith Topping, tall and supple
athletic star, was at one time
recommended as possessing the
almost perfect form. But owing to
his own apparent disinterest in
the matter, there are as yet no
masterful reproductions of him to
be treasured for posterity.
The depression opens strange
careers to enterprising college stu
dents. Everyone from a chess
tutor to an artist's model has
found his services acceptable to
the Appointment Office this sum
mer.
And, strange to say, it's easier
to find a chess tutor than a Stan
ford student whose physique meets
the stringent requirements of a
model. Symmetrical limbs and
graceful lines are in demand,
while the majority of Stanfordites
offer bulging muscles and robust
sturdiness.
Keith Topping, tall and supple
athletic star, was at one time
recommended as possessing the
almost perfect form. But owing to
his own apparent disinterest in
the matter, there are as yet no
masterful reproductions of him to
be treasured for posterity.
The depression opens strange
careers to enterprising college stu
dents. Everyone from a chess
tutor to an artist's model has
found his services acceptable to
the Appointment Office this sum
mer.
And, strange to say, it's easier
to find a chess tutor than a Stan
ford student whose physique meets
the stringent requirements of a
model. Symmetrical limbs and
graceful lines are in demand,
while the majority of Stanfordites
offer bulging muscles and robust
sturdiness.
Keith Topping, tall and supple
athletic star, was at one time
recommended as possessing the
almost perfect form. But owing to
his own apparent disinterest in
the matter, there are as yet no
masterful reproductions of him to
be treasured for posterity.
The depression opens strange
careers to enterprising college stu
dents. Everyone from a chess
tutor to an artist's model has
found his services acceptable to
the Appointment Office this sum
mer.
And, strange to say, it's easier
to find a chess tutor than a Stan
ford student whose physique meets
the stringent requirements of a
model. Symmetrical limbs and
graceful lines are in demand,
while the majority of Stanfordites
offer bulging muscles and robust
sturdiness.
Keith Topping, tall and supple
athletic star, was at one time
recommended as possessing the
almost perfect form. But owing to
his own apparent disinterest in
the matter, there are as yet no
masterful reproductions of him to
be treasured for posterity.
The depression opens strange
careers to enterprising college stu
dents. Everyone from a chess
tutor to an artist's model has
found his services acceptable to
the Appointment Office this sum
mer.
And, strange to say, it's easier
to find a chess tutor than a Stan
ford student whose physique meets
the stringent requirements of a
model. Symmetrical limbs and
graceful lines are in demand,
while the majority of Stanfordites
offer bulging muscles and robust
sturdiness.
Keith Topping, tall and supple
athletic star, was at one time
recommended as possessing the
almost perfect form. But owing to
his own apparent disinterest in
the matter, there are as yet no
masterful reproductions of him to
be treasured for posterity.
The depression opens strange
careers to enterprising college stu
dents. Everyone from a chess
tutor to an artist's model has
found his services acceptable to
the Appointment Office this sum
mer.
And, strange to say, it's easier
to find a chess tutor than a Stan
ford student whose physique meets
the stringent requirements of a
model. Symmetrical limbs and
graceful lines are in demand,
while the majority of Stanfordites
offer bulging muscles and robust
sturdiness.
Keith Topping, tall and supple
athletic star, was at one time
recommended as possessing the
almost perfect form. But owing to
his own apparent disinterest in
the matter, there are as yet no
masterful reproductions of him to
be treasured for posterity.
The depression opens strange
careers to enterprising college stu
dents. Everyone from a chess
tutor to an artist's model has
found his services acceptable to
the Appointment Office this sum
mer.
And, strange to say, it's easier
to find a chess tutor than a Stan
ford student whose physique meets
the stringent requirements of a
model. Symmetrical limbs and
graceful lines are in demand,
while the majority of Stanfordites
offer bulging muscles and robust
sturdiness.
Keith Topping, tall and supple
athletic star, was at one time
recommended as possessing the
almost perfect form. But owing to
his own apparent disinterest in
the matter, there are as yet no
masterful reproductions of him to
be treasured for posterity.
