# FOREIGN MONEY SHOWN
## 
### 
Coins and currencies of the war and
post-war periods in Russia and Ger
many are now being displayed in the
show-cases on the lower floor of the
library. The display is by the Hoover
War Library.
Coins and currencies of the war and
post-war periods in Russia and Ger
many are now being displayed in the
show-cases on the lower floor of the
library. The display is by the Hoover
War Library.
Coins and currencies of the war and
post-war periods in Russia and Ger
many are now being displayed in the
show-cases on the lower floor of the
library. The display is by the Hoover
War Library.
Coins and currencies of the war and
post-war periods in Russia and Ger
many are now being displayed in the
show-cases on the lower floor of the
library. The display is by the Hoover
War Library.
Coins and currencies of the war and
post-war periods in Russia and Ger
many are now being displayed in the
show-cases on the lower floor of the
library. The display is by the Hoover
War Library.
Coins and currencies of the war and
post-war periods in Russia and Ger
many are now being displayed in the
show-cases on the lower floor of the
library. The display is by the Hoover
War Library.
Coins and currencies of the war and
post-war periods in Russia and Ger
many are now being displayed in the
show-cases on the lower floor of the
library. The display is by the Hoover
War Library.
Coins and currencies of the war and
post-war periods in Russia and Ger
many are now being displayed in the
show-cases on the lower floor of the
library. The display is by the Hoover
War Library.
Coins and currencies of the war and
post-war periods in Russia and Ger
many are now being displayed in the
show-cases on the lower floor of the
library. The display is by the Hoover
War Library.
Coins and currencies of the war and
post-war periods in Russia and Ger
many are now being displayed in the
show-cases on the lower floor of the
library. The display is by the Hoover
War Library.
Coins and currencies of the war and
post-war periods in Russia and Ger
many are now being displayed in the
show-cases on the lower floor of the
library. The display is by the Hoover
War Library.
Coins and currencies of the war and
post-war periods in Russia and Ger
many are now being displayed in the
show-cases on the lower floor of the
library. The display is by the Hoover
War Library.
Coins and currencies of the war and
post-war periods in Russia and Ger
many are now being displayed in the
show-cases on the lower floor of the
library. The display is by the Hoover
War Library.
Coins and currencies of the war and
post-war periods in Russia and Ger
many are now being displayed in the
show-cases on the lower floor of the
library. The display is by the Hoover
War Library.
