# MERRILL, '22, APPOINTED
## 
### 
Charles W. Merrill, '22, has been ap
pointed to head the San Francisco of
fice of the Division of Mineral Statis
tics of the United States Bureau of
Mines.
Charles W. Merrill, '22, has been ap
pointed to head the San Francisco of
fice of the Division of Mineral Statis
tics of the United States Bureau of
Mines.
Charles W. Merrill, '22, has been ap
pointed to head the San Francisco of
fice of the Division of Mineral Statis
tics of the United States Bureau of
Mines.
Charles W. Merrill, '22, has been ap
pointed to head the San Francisco of
fice of the Division of Mineral Statis
tics of the United States Bureau of
Mines.
Charles W. Merrill, '22, has been ap
pointed to head the San Francisco of
fice of the Division of Mineral Statis
tics of the United States Bureau of
Mines.
Charles W. Merrill, '22, has been ap
pointed to head the San Francisco of
fice of the Division of Mineral Statis
tics of the United States Bureau of
Mines.
Charles W. Merrill, '22, has been ap
pointed to head the San Francisco of
fice of the Division of Mineral Statis
tics of the United States Bureau of
Mines.
Charles W. Merrill, '22, has been ap
pointed to head the San Francisco of
fice of the Division of Mineral Statis
tics of the United States Bureau of
Mines.
Charles W. Merrill, '22, has been ap
pointed to head the San Francisco of
fice of the Division of Mineral Statis
tics of the United States Bureau of
Mines.
Charles W. Merrill, '22, has been ap
pointed to head the San Francisco of
fice of the Division of Mineral Statis
tics of the United States Bureau of
Mines.
Charles W. Merrill, '22, has been ap
pointed to head the San Francisco of
fice of the Division of Mineral Statis
tics of the United States Bureau of
Mines.
Charles W. Merrill, '22, has been ap
pointed to head the San Francisco of
fice of the Division of Mineral Statis
tics of the United States Bureau of
Mines.
Charles W. Merrill, '22, has been ap
pointed to head the San Francisco of
fice of the Division of Mineral Statis
tics of the United States Bureau of
Mines.
Charles W. Merrill, '22, has been ap
pointed to head the San Francisco of
fice of the Division of Mineral Statis
tics of the United States Bureau of
Mines.
