# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS
Didja ever hear tell
of Sweet Betsie from
Pike, who crossed the
wide prairie in her
Cactus Casuals, with
one yoke of oxen, one
spotted hog, a tall
shanghai rooster &
cactus casuals. Singin’
cactus casuals, hmm,
hmmm, cactus casuals,
hmm, hmm, one yoke
of oxen, one spotted
hog, a tall shanghai
rooster & cactus
casuals. At R/A in
nat. & green. 6.95
INDIANS
Didja ever hear tell
of Sweet Betsie from
Pike, who crossed the
wide prairie in her
Cactus Casuals, with
one yoke of oxen, one
spotted hog, a tall
shanghai rooster &
cactus casuals. Singin’
cactus casuals, hmm,
hmmm, cactus casuals,
hmm, hmm, one yoke
of oxen, one spotted
hog, a tall shanghai
rooster & cactus
casuals. At R/A in
nat. & green. 6.95
INDIANS
Didja ever hear tell
of Sweet Betsie from
Pike, who crossed the
wide prairie in her
Cactus Casuals, with
one yoke of oxen, one
spotted hog, a tall
shanghai rooster &
cactus casuals. Singin’
cactus casuals, hmm,
hmmm, cactus casuals,
hmm, hmm, one yoke
of oxen, one spotted
hog, a tall shanghai
rooster & cactus
casuals. At R/A in
nat. & green. 6.95
INDIANS
Didja ever hear tell
of Sweet Betsie from
Pike, who crossed the
wide prairie in her
Cactus Casuals, with
one yoke of oxen, one
spotted hog, a tall
shanghai rooster &
cactus casuals. Singin’
cactus casuals, hmm,
hmmm, cactus casuals,
hmm, hmm, one yoke
of oxen, one spotted
hog, a tall shanghai
rooster & cactus
casuals. At R/A in
nat. & green. 6.95
INDIANS
Didja ever hear tell
of Sweet Betsie from
Pike, who crossed the
wide prairie in her
Cactus Casuals, with
one yoke of oxen, one
spotted hog, a tall
shanghai rooster &
cactus casuals. Singin’
cactus casuals, hmm,
hmmm, cactus casuals,
hmm, hmm, one yoke
of oxen, one spotted
hog, a tall shanghai
rooster & cactus
casuals. At R/A in
nat. & green. 6.95
INDIANS
Didja ever hear tell
of Sweet Betsie from
Pike, who crossed the
wide prairie in her
Cactus Casuals, with
one yoke of oxen, one
spotted hog, a tall
shanghai rooster &
cactus casuals. Singin’
cactus casuals, hmm,
hmmm, cactus casuals,
hmm, hmm, one yoke
of oxen, one spotted
hog, a tall shanghai
rooster & cactus
casuals. At R/A in
nat. & green. 6.95
INDIANS
Didja ever hear tell
of Sweet Betsie from
Pike, who crossed the
wide prairie in her
Cactus Casuals, with
one yoke of oxen, one
spotted hog, a tall
shanghai rooster &
cactus casuals. Singin’
cactus casuals, hmm,
hmmm, cactus casuals,
hmm, hmm, one yoke
of oxen, one spotted
hog, a tall shanghai
rooster & cactus
casuals. At R/A in
nat. & green. 6.95
INDIANS
Didja ever hear tell
of Sweet Betsie from
Pike, who crossed the
wide prairie in her
Cactus Casuals, with
one yoke of oxen, one
spotted hog, a tall
shanghai rooster &
cactus casuals. Singin’
cactus casuals, hmm,
hmmm, cactus casuals,
hmm, hmm, one yoke
of oxen, one spotted
hog, a tall shanghai
rooster & cactus
casuals. At R/A in
nat. & green. 6.95
INDIANS
Didja ever hear tell
of Sweet Betsie from
Pike, who crossed the
wide prairie in her
Cactus Casuals, with
one yoke of oxen, one
spotted hog, a tall
shanghai rooster &
cactus casuals. Singin’
cactus casuals, hmm,
hmmm, cactus casuals,
hmm, hmm, one yoke
of oxen, one spotted
hog, a tall shanghai
rooster & cactus
casuals. At R/A in
nat. & green. 6.95
INDIANS
Didja ever hear tell
of Sweet Betsie from
Pike, who crossed the
wide prairie in her
Cactus Casuals, with
one yoke of oxen, one
spotted hog, a tall
shanghai rooster &
cactus casuals. Singin’
cactus casuals, hmm,
hmmm, cactus casuals,
hmm, hmm, one yoke
of oxen, one spotted
hog, a tall shanghai
rooster & cactus
casuals. At R/A in
nat. & green. 6.95
INDIANS
Didja ever hear tell
of Sweet Betsie from
Pike, who crossed the
wide prairie in her
Cactus Casuals, with
one yoke of oxen, one
spotted hog, a tall
shanghai rooster &
cactus casuals. Singin’
cactus casuals, hmm,
hmmm, cactus casuals,
hmm, hmm, one yoke
of oxen, one spotted
hog, a tall shanghai
rooster & cactus
casuals. At R/A in
nat. & green. 6.95
INDIANS
Didja ever hear tell
of Sweet Betsie from
Pike, who crossed the
wide prairie in her
Cactus Casuals, with
one yoke of oxen, one
spotted hog, a tall
shanghai rooster &
cactus casuals. Singin’
cactus casuals, hmm,
hmmm, cactus casuals,
hmm, hmm, one yoke
of oxen, one spotted
hog, a tall shanghai
rooster & cactus
casuals. At R/A in
nat. & green. 6.95
INDIANS
Didja ever hear tell
of Sweet Betsie from
Pike, who crossed the
wide prairie in her
Cactus Casuals, with
one yoke of oxen, one
spotted hog, a tall
shanghai rooster &
cactus casuals. Singin’
cactus casuals, hmm,
hmmm, cactus casuals,
hmm, hmm, one yoke
of oxen, one spotted
hog, a tall shanghai
rooster & cactus
casuals. At R/A in
nat. & green. 6.95
INDIANS
Didja ever hear tell
of Sweet Betsie from
Pike, who crossed the
wide prairie in her
Cactus Casuals, with
one yoke of oxen, one
spotted hog, a tall
shanghai rooster &
cactus casuals. Singin’
cactus casuals, hmm,
hmmm, cactus casuals,
hmm, hmm, one yoke
of oxen, one spotted
hog, a tall shanghai
rooster & cactus
casuals. At R/A in
nat. & green. 6.95
INDIANS
Didja ever hear tell
of Sweet Betsie from
Pike, who crossed the
wide prairie in her
Cactus Casuals, with
one yoke of oxen, one
spotted hog, a tall
shanghai rooster &
cactus casuals. Singin’
cactus casuals, hmm,
hmmm, cactus casuals,
hmm, hmm, one yoke
of oxen, one spotted
hog, a tall shanghai
rooster & cactus
casuals. At R/A in
nat. & green. 6.95
INDIANS
Didja ever hear tell
of Sweet Betsie from
Pike, who crossed the
wide prairie in her
Cactus Casuals, with
one yoke of oxen, one
spotted hog, a tall
shanghai rooster &
cactus casuals. Singin’
cactus casuals, hmm,
hmmm, cactus casuals,
hmm, hmm, one yoke
of oxen, one spotted
hog, a tall shanghai
rooster & cactus
casuals. At R/A in
nat. & green. 6.95
INDIANS
Didja ever hear tell
of Sweet Betsie from
Pike, who crossed the
wide prairie in her
Cactus Casuals, with
one yoke of oxen, one
spotted hog, a tall
shanghai rooster &
cactus casuals. Singin’
cactus casuals, hmm,
hmmm, cactus casuals,
hmm, hmm, one yoke
of oxen, one spotted
hog, a tall shanghai
rooster & cactus
casuals. At R/A in
nat. & green. 6.95
