# Letters to the Editor
## 
### 
INDOCTRINATION
COMPLETE?
Editor, The Daily:
The Indonesian student who
heckled Attorney General Robert
Kennedy about the Mexican war
presumably was influenced by
communist propaganda. But was
his Marxist indoctrination com
plete? In 1847 Karl Marx approv
ed the annexation of Texas. He
argued: “The North Americans
should get the larger part of
Mexico and use the land better
than was done by the Mexicans.”
Marx did not believe it was a
“misfortune that glorious Cali
fornia has been wrenched from

the lazy Mexicans who did not
know what to do with it.” In 1848
Friedrich Engels even suggested
that "in the interest of its own
development Mexico should be
placed under the tutelage of the
United States.”

The interested reader will find
the pertinent references in Max
Nomad’s excellent “Apostles of
Revolution.”
Stefan T. Possony, Director
International Studies Pro
gram Hoover Institution
