# Prof to Host Stern Fireside
## 
### 
Stanford professor Nevitt San
ford will host a fireside Wednes
day night on his recent publica
tion “The American College.”
To be held in a Stern Lounge at
7:30, the fireside will feature dis
cussion of the psychological and
sociological analysis of universi
ties as presented in the work.
Sanford, a professor of psychol
ogy and education, is head of the
Stanford Center for the Study of
Human Problems.
A display in the Stanford Book
store, the author’s fireside, and
a review to appear in the Daily
tomorrow are part of a recently
initiated Student-Faculty Board
program series. Stanford students
and faculty may sign up starting
today in the ASSU office.
