# UNIVERSITY ASSEMBLY.
## 
### 
The second University meeting of students and faculty
will be held in the Assembly Hall tomorrow morning at
11:15. Mr. Fairfax H. Wheelan, president of the University
Club of San Francisco, and Professor A. W. Smith, head of
the Mechanical Engineering department, will deliver ad
dresses. No announcement has been made as to the exact
subject of Mr. Wheelan's address, but he was at Harvard in
the same class with President Roosevelt, and will undoubt.
edly speak of the President as he knew him and of Mr.
Roosevelt's later development and career. The presence of
Mr. Wheelan will be particularly interesting in view of the
fact that he presided over the recent arbitration session
which decided the standing of Warren Smith, the California
halfback.
Professor Smith graduated at Cornell and has been con
nected with Stanford since 1892. He was one of the first to
receive an appointment to the Stanford faculty. It was
Professor Smith who wrote the words of " Hail, Stanford
Hail!"
The Glee Club is to sins, for the first time in public, the
new Stanford song, " Stanford Red." " One, Two, Three,
Four" will also be sung, with everybody in on the chorus.
Laboratories, Library, and Gymnasia are to be closed dur
ing the hour.
