# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Because of the character of the be
ginning of the new institution a
fortnight ago,and the attitude which
the entire community from the first
has taken toward the idea of a uni
versity assembly,it is safe to say that
no urging is needed to get every stu
dent and faculty member into the
Assembly Hall at 11:15 tomorrow
morning. Professor Smith and Mr.
Wheelanwill find themselves greeted
byan audience whose size will be lim
ited only by the number of those
whose names are in the college Regis
ter. Neither speaker has announced
his topic; it having been merely sug
gested that the president of San
Francisco's University Club,an old
Harvard man, will have something
to say about another Harvard man
who is now president of the United
States, and that out of deference to
the visitor, Professor Smith will
speak briefly. As before, the
speaking is to be preceded by sing
ing of the distinctive Stanford
songs.
