# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
FREE
Introductory Offer
Compliments of the
BARREL CLEANERS
Slacks, Skirt, Spor't Coat or Sweater
dry cleaned FREE with any order
Hawthorne off Alma
PALO ALTO
FREE
Introductory Offer
Compliments of the
BARREL CLEANERS
Slacks, Skirt, Spor't Coat or Sweater
dry cleaned FREE with any order
Hawthorne off Alma
PALO ALTO
FREE
Introductory Offer
Compliments of the
BARREL CLEANERS
Slacks, Skirt, Spor't Coat or Sweater
dry cleaned FREE with any order
Hawthorne off Alma
PALO ALTO
FREE
Introductory Offer
Compliments of the
BARREL CLEANERS
Slacks, Skirt, Spor't Coat or Sweater
dry cleaned FREE with any order
Hawthorne off Alma
PALO ALTO
FREE
Introductory Offer
Compliments of the
BARREL CLEANERS
Slacks, Skirt, Spor't Coat or Sweater
dry cleaned FREE with any order
Hawthorne off Alma
PALO ALTO
FREE
Introductory Offer
Compliments of the
BARREL CLEANERS
Slacks, Skirt, Spor't Coat or Sweater
dry cleaned FREE with any order
Hawthorne off Alma
PALO ALTO
FREE
Introductory Offer
Compliments of the
BARREL CLEANERS
Slacks, Skirt, Spor't Coat or Sweater
dry cleaned FREE with any order
Hawthorne off Alma
PALO ALTO
FREE
Introductory Offer
Compliments of the
BARREL CLEANERS
Slacks, Skirt, Spor't Coat or Sweater
dry cleaned FREE with any order
Hawthorne off Alma
PALO ALTO
FREE
Introductory Offer
Compliments of the
BARREL CLEANERS
Slacks, Skirt, Spor't Coat or Sweater
dry cleaned FREE with any order
Hawthorne off Alma
PALO ALTO
FREE
Introductory Offer
Compliments of the
BARREL CLEANERS
Slacks, Skirt, Spor't Coat or Sweater
dry cleaned FREE with any order
Hawthorne off Alma
PALO ALTO
FREE
Introductory Offer
Compliments of the
BARREL CLEANERS
Slacks, Skirt, Spor't Coat or Sweater
dry cleaned FREE with any order
Hawthorne off Alma
PALO ALTO
FREE
Introductory Offer
Compliments of the
BARREL CLEANERS
Slacks, Skirt, Spor't Coat or Sweater
dry cleaned FREE with any order
Hawthorne off Alma
PALO ALTO
FREE
Introductory Offer
Compliments of the
BARREL CLEANERS
Slacks, Skirt, Spor't Coat or Sweater
dry cleaned FREE with any order
Hawthorne off Alma
PALO ALTO
FREE
Introductory Offer
Compliments of the
BARREL CLEANERS
Slacks, Skirt, Spor't Coat or Sweater
dry cleaned FREE with any order
Hawthorne off Alma
PALO ALTO
FREE
Introductory Offer
Compliments of the
BARREL CLEANERS
Slacks, Skirt, Spor't Coat or Sweater
dry cleaned FREE with any order
Hawthorne off Alma
PALO ALTO
FREE
Introductory Offer
Compliments of the
BARREL CLEANERS
Slacks, Skirt, Spor't Coat or Sweater
dry cleaned FREE with any order
Hawthorne off Alma
PALO ALTO
FREE
Introductory Offer
Compliments of the
BARREL CLEANERS
Slacks, Skirt, Spor't Coat or Sweater
dry cleaned FREE with any order
Hawthorne off Alma
PALO ALTO
