# Brainier Girls Plan Carnival
## 
### 
Brannor Ilall's annual carnival,
to bo hold Friday from 8 p.m. lo
midnight, will be admission-free
and open lo the entire student
body, Diane Caylor, general chair
man. has announced.
Ten booths, including a tank
dunk, kissing booth and dime-a
dance, will bo in full swing in
Branner's lobby and arcades.
Each corridor of Branner girls
will be auctioned off to perform
such services as cleaning frater
nity houses, cooking and various
other odd jobs.
Drawing tickets will be sold for
various prizes donated by local
merchants.
Brannor Ilall's annual carnival,
to bo hold Friday from 8 p.m. lo
midnight, will be admission-free
and open lo the entire student
body, Diane Caylor, general chair
man. has announced.
Ten booths, including a tank
dunk, kissing booth and dime-a
dance, will bo in full swing in
Branner's lobby and arcades.
Each corridor of Branner girls
will be auctioned off to perform
such services as cleaning frater
nity houses, cooking and various
other odd jobs.
Drawing tickets will be sold for
various prizes donated by local
merchants.
Brannor Ilall's annual carnival,
to bo hold Friday from 8 p.m. lo
midnight, will be admission-free
and open lo the entire student
body, Diane Caylor, general chair
man. has announced.
Ten booths, including a tank
dunk, kissing booth and dime-a
dance, will bo in full swing in
Branner's lobby and arcades.
Each corridor of Branner girls
will be auctioned off to perform
such services as cleaning frater
nity houses, cooking and various
other odd jobs.
Drawing tickets will be sold for
various prizes donated by local
merchants.
Brannor Ilall's annual carnival,
to bo hold Friday from 8 p.m. lo
midnight, will be admission-free
and open lo the entire student
body, Diane Caylor, general chair
man. has announced.
Ten booths, including a tank
dunk, kissing booth and dime-a
dance, will bo in full swing in
Branner's lobby and arcades.
Each corridor of Branner girls
will be auctioned off to perform
such services as cleaning frater
nity houses, cooking and various
other odd jobs.
Drawing tickets will be sold for
various prizes donated by local
merchants.
Brannor Ilall's annual carnival,
to bo hold Friday from 8 p.m. lo
midnight, will be admission-free
and open lo the entire student
body, Diane Caylor, general chair
man. has announced.
Ten booths, including a tank
dunk, kissing booth and dime-a
dance, will bo in full swing in
Branner's lobby and arcades.
Each corridor of Branner girls
will be auctioned off to perform
such services as cleaning frater
nity houses, cooking and various
other odd jobs.
Drawing tickets will be sold for
various prizes donated by local
merchants.
Brannor Ilall's annual carnival,
to bo hold Friday from 8 p.m. lo
midnight, will be admission-free
and open lo the entire student
body, Diane Caylor, general chair
man. has announced.
Ten booths, including a tank
dunk, kissing booth and dime-a
dance, will bo in full swing in
Branner's lobby and arcades.
Each corridor of Branner girls
will be auctioned off to perform
such services as cleaning frater
nity houses, cooking and various
other odd jobs.
Drawing tickets will be sold for
various prizes donated by local
merchants.
Brannor Ilall's annual carnival,
to bo hold Friday from 8 p.m. lo
midnight, will be admission-free
and open lo the entire student
body, Diane Caylor, general chair
man. has announced.
Ten booths, including a tank
dunk, kissing booth and dime-a
dance, will bo in full swing in
Branner's lobby and arcades.
Each corridor of Branner girls
will be auctioned off to perform
such services as cleaning frater
nity houses, cooking and various
other odd jobs.
Drawing tickets will be sold for
various prizes donated by local
merchants.
Brannor Ilall's annual carnival,
to bo hold Friday from 8 p.m. lo
midnight, will be admission-free
and open lo the entire student
body, Diane Caylor, general chair
man. has announced.
Ten booths, including a tank
dunk, kissing booth and dime-a
dance, will bo in full swing in
Branner's lobby and arcades.
Each corridor of Branner girls
will be auctioned off to perform
such services as cleaning frater
nity houses, cooking and various
other odd jobs.
Drawing tickets will be sold for
various prizes donated by local
merchants.
Brannor Ilall's annual carnival,
to bo hold Friday from 8 p.m. lo
midnight, will be admission-free
and open lo the entire student
body, Diane Caylor, general chair
man. has announced.
Ten booths, including a tank
dunk, kissing booth and dime-a
dance, will bo in full swing in
Branner's lobby and arcades.
Each corridor of Branner girls
will be auctioned off to perform
such services as cleaning frater
nity houses, cooking and various
other odd jobs.
Drawing tickets will be sold for
various prizes donated by local
merchants.
Brannor Ilall's annual carnival,
to bo hold Friday from 8 p.m. lo
midnight, will be admission-free
and open lo the entire student
body, Diane Caylor, general chair
man. has announced.
Ten booths, including a tank
dunk, kissing booth and dime-a
dance, will bo in full swing in
Branner's lobby and arcades.
Each corridor of Branner girls
will be auctioned off to perform
such services as cleaning frater
nity houses, cooking and various
other odd jobs.
Drawing tickets will be sold for
various prizes donated by local
merchants.
Brannor Ilall's annual carnival,
to bo hold Friday from 8 p.m. lo
midnight, will be admission-free
and open lo the entire student
body, Diane Caylor, general chair
man. has announced.
Ten booths, including a tank
dunk, kissing booth and dime-a
dance, will bo in full swing in
Branner's lobby and arcades.
Each corridor of Branner girls
will be auctioned off to perform
such services as cleaning frater
nity houses, cooking and various
other odd jobs.
Drawing tickets will be sold for
various prizes donated by local
merchants.
Brannor Ilall's annual carnival,
to bo hold Friday from 8 p.m. lo
midnight, will be admission-free
and open lo the entire student
body, Diane Caylor, general chair
man. has announced.
Ten booths, including a tank
dunk, kissing booth and dime-a
dance, will bo in full swing in
Branner's lobby and arcades.
Each corridor of Branner girls
will be auctioned off to perform
such services as cleaning frater
nity houses, cooking and various
other odd jobs.
Drawing tickets will be sold for
various prizes donated by local
merchants.
Brannor Ilall's annual carnival,
to bo hold Friday from 8 p.m. lo
midnight, will be admission-free
and open lo the entire student
body, Diane Caylor, general chair
man. has announced.
Ten booths, including a tank
dunk, kissing booth and dime-a
dance, will bo in full swing in
Branner's lobby and arcades.
Each corridor of Branner girls
will be auctioned off to perform
such services as cleaning frater
nity houses, cooking and various
other odd jobs.
Drawing tickets will be sold for
various prizes donated by local
merchants.
Brannor Ilall's annual carnival,
to bo hold Friday from 8 p.m. lo
midnight, will be admission-free
and open lo the entire student
body, Diane Caylor, general chair
man. has announced.
Ten booths, including a tank
dunk, kissing booth and dime-a
dance, will bo in full swing in
Branner's lobby and arcades.
Each corridor of Branner girls
will be auctioned off to perform
such services as cleaning frater
nity houses, cooking and various
other odd jobs.
Drawing tickets will be sold for
various prizes donated by local
merchants.
Brannor Ilall's annual carnival,
to bo hold Friday from 8 p.m. lo
midnight, will be admission-free
and open lo the entire student
body, Diane Caylor, general chair
man. has announced.
Ten booths, including a tank
dunk, kissing booth and dime-a
dance, will bo in full swing in
Branner's lobby and arcades.
Each corridor of Branner girls
will be auctioned off to perform
such services as cleaning frater
nity houses, cooking and various
other odd jobs.
Drawing tickets will be sold for
various prizes donated by local
merchants.
Brannor Ilall's annual carnival,
to bo hold Friday from 8 p.m. lo
midnight, will be admission-free
and open lo the entire student
body, Diane Caylor, general chair
man. has announced.
Ten booths, including a tank
dunk, kissing booth and dime-a
dance, will bo in full swing in
Branner's lobby and arcades.
Each corridor of Branner girls
will be auctioned off to perform
such services as cleaning frater
nity houses, cooking and various
other odd jobs.
Drawing tickets will be sold for
various prizes donated by local
merchants.
Brannor Ilall's annual carnival,
to bo hold Friday from 8 p.m. lo
midnight, will be admission-free
and open lo the entire student
body, Diane Caylor, general chair
man. has announced.
Ten booths, including a tank
dunk, kissing booth and dime-a
dance, will bo in full swing in
Branner's lobby and arcades.
Each corridor of Branner girls
will be auctioned off to perform
such services as cleaning frater
nity houses, cooking and various
other odd jobs.
Drawing tickets will be sold for
various prizes donated by local
merchants.
