# Book Reviewers
## 
### 
The Daily is cur
rently beginning a
revitalization of its
book review sec
tions. We have
selected as books
manager Susan

Welch, a writer and
former newspaper
reporter, currently
a Stegner Fellow in
the Department of
English. If you like
books, have some

background in re
viewing, or just
think you can read
and write with a cri
tic's eye, then give
us a call. The Daily
Book Review Sec
tion. 497-4632.
The Daily is cur
rently beginning a
revitalization of its
book review sec
tions. We have
selected as books
manager Susan

Welch, a writer and
former newspaper
reporter, currently
a Stegner Fellow in
the Department of
English. If you like
books, have some

background in re
viewing, or just
think you can read
and write with a cri
tic's eye, then give
us a call. The Daily
Book Review Sec
tion. 497-4632.
The Daily is cur
rently beginning a
revitalization of its
book review sec
tions. We have
selected as books
manager Susan

Welch, a writer and
former newspaper
reporter, currently
a Stegner Fellow in
the Department of
English. If you like
books, have some

background in re
viewing, or just
think you can read
and write with a cri
tic's eye, then give
us a call. The Daily
Book Review Sec
tion. 497-4632.
The Daily is cur
rently beginning a
revitalization of its
book review sec
tions. We have
selected as books
manager Susan

Welch, a writer and
former newspaper
reporter, currently
a Stegner Fellow in
the Department of
English. If you like
books, have some

background in re
viewing, or just
think you can read
and write with a cri
tic's eye, then give
us a call. The Daily
Book Review Sec
tion. 497-4632.
The Daily is cur
rently beginning a
revitalization of its
book review sec
tions. We have
selected as books
manager Susan

Welch, a writer and
former newspaper
reporter, currently
a Stegner Fellow in
the Department of
English. If you like
books, have some

background in re
viewing, or just
think you can read
and write with a cri
tic's eye, then give
us a call. The Daily
Book Review Sec
tion. 497-4632.
The Daily is cur
rently beginning a
revitalization of its
book review sec
tions. We have
selected as books
manager Susan

Welch, a writer and
former newspaper
reporter, currently
a Stegner Fellow in
the Department of
English. If you like
books, have some

background in re
viewing, or just
think you can read
and write with a cri
tic's eye, then give
us a call. The Daily
Book Review Sec
tion. 497-4632.
The Daily is cur
rently beginning a
revitalization of its
book review sec
tions. We have
selected as books
manager Susan

Welch, a writer and
former newspaper
reporter, currently
a Stegner Fellow in
the Department of
English. If you like
books, have some

background in re
viewing, or just
think you can read
and write with a cri
tic's eye, then give
us a call. The Daily
Book Review Sec
tion. 497-4632.
The Daily is cur
rently beginning a
revitalization of its
book review sec
tions. We have
selected as books
manager Susan

Welch, a writer and
former newspaper
reporter, currently
a Stegner Fellow in
the Department of
English. If you like
books, have some

background in re
viewing, or just
think you can read
and write with a cri
tic's eye, then give
us a call. The Daily
Book Review Sec
tion. 497-4632.
The Daily is cur
rently beginning a
revitalization of its
book review sec
tions. We have
selected as books
manager Susan

Welch, a writer and
former newspaper
reporter, currently
a Stegner Fellow in
the Department of
English. If you like
books, have some

background in re
viewing, or just
think you can read
and write with a cri
tic's eye, then give
us a call. The Daily
Book Review Sec
tion. 497-4632.
The Daily is cur
rently beginning a
revitalization of its
book review sec
tions. We have
selected as books
manager Susan

Welch, a writer and
former newspaper
reporter, currently
a Stegner Fellow in
the Department of
English. If you like
books, have some

background in re
viewing, or just
think you can read
and write with a cri
tic's eye, then give
us a call. The Daily
Book Review Sec
tion. 497-4632.
The Daily is cur
rently beginning a
revitalization of its
book review sec
tions. We have
selected as books
manager Susan

Welch, a writer and
former newspaper
reporter, currently
a Stegner Fellow in
the Department of
English. If you like
books, have some

background in re
viewing, or just
think you can read
and write with a cri
tic's eye, then give
us a call. The Daily
Book Review Sec
tion. 497-4632.
The Daily is cur
rently beginning a
revitalization of its
book review sec
tions. We have
selected as books
manager Susan

Welch, a writer and
former newspaper
reporter, currently
a Stegner Fellow in
the Department of
English. If you like
books, have some

background in re
viewing, or just
think you can read
and write with a cri
tic's eye, then give
us a call. The Daily
Book Review Sec
tion. 497-4632.
The Daily is cur
rently beginning a
revitalization of its
book review sec
tions. We have
selected as books
manager Susan

Welch, a writer and
former newspaper
reporter, currently
a Stegner Fellow in
the Department of
English. If you like
books, have some

background in re
viewing, or just
think you can read
and write with a cri
tic's eye, then give
us a call. The Daily
Book Review Sec
tion. 497-4632.
The Daily is cur
rently beginning a
revitalization of its
book review sec
tions. We have
selected as books
manager Susan

Welch, a writer and
former newspaper
reporter, currently
a Stegner Fellow in
the Department of
English. If you like
books, have some

background in re
viewing, or just
think you can read
and write with a cri
tic's eye, then give
us a call. The Daily
Book Review Sec
tion. 497-4632.
