# W.H. Gibson, '18, on Campus
## 
### 
William H. Gibson, ex-'lB, returned
to the campus Saturday, after fifteen
months of oversea service, six months
of which he spent in British hospitals.

Gibson was a first lieutenant of the
British Royal Air Force. He fell in
his riddled machine from an altitude
of 12,000 feet.
William H. Gibson, ex-'lB, returned
to the campus Saturday, after fifteen
months of oversea service, six months
of which he spent in British hospitals.

Gibson was a first lieutenant of the
British Royal Air Force. He fell in
his riddled machine from an altitude
of 12,000 feet.
William H. Gibson, ex-'lB, returned
to the campus Saturday, after fifteen
months of oversea service, six months
of which he spent in British hospitals.

Gibson was a first lieutenant of the
British Royal Air Force. He fell in
his riddled machine from an altitude
of 12,000 feet.
William H. Gibson, ex-'lB, returned
to the campus Saturday, after fifteen
months of oversea service, six months
of which he spent in British hospitals.

Gibson was a first lieutenant of the
British Royal Air Force. He fell in
his riddled machine from an altitude
of 12,000 feet.
William H. Gibson, ex-'lB, returned
to the campus Saturday, after fifteen
months of oversea service, six months
of which he spent in British hospitals.

Gibson was a first lieutenant of the
British Royal Air Force. He fell in
his riddled machine from an altitude
of 12,000 feet.
William H. Gibson, ex-'lB, returned
to the campus Saturday, after fifteen
months of oversea service, six months
of which he spent in British hospitals.

Gibson was a first lieutenant of the
British Royal Air Force. He fell in
his riddled machine from an altitude
of 12,000 feet.
William H. Gibson, ex-'lB, returned
to the campus Saturday, after fifteen
months of oversea service, six months
of which he spent in British hospitals.

Gibson was a first lieutenant of the
British Royal Air Force. He fell in
his riddled machine from an altitude
of 12,000 feet.
William H. Gibson, ex-'lB, returned
to the campus Saturday, after fifteen
months of oversea service, six months
of which he spent in British hospitals.

Gibson was a first lieutenant of the
British Royal Air Force. He fell in
his riddled machine from an altitude
of 12,000 feet.
William H. Gibson, ex-'lB, returned
to the campus Saturday, after fifteen
months of oversea service, six months
of which he spent in British hospitals.

Gibson was a first lieutenant of the
British Royal Air Force. He fell in
his riddled machine from an altitude
of 12,000 feet.
William H. Gibson, ex-'lB, returned
to the campus Saturday, after fifteen
months of oversea service, six months
of which he spent in British hospitals.

Gibson was a first lieutenant of the
British Royal Air Force. He fell in
his riddled machine from an altitude
of 12,000 feet.
William H. Gibson, ex-'lB, returned
to the campus Saturday, after fifteen
months of oversea service, six months
of which he spent in British hospitals.

Gibson was a first lieutenant of the
British Royal Air Force. He fell in
his riddled machine from an altitude
of 12,000 feet.
William H. Gibson, ex-'lB, returned
to the campus Saturday, after fifteen
months of oversea service, six months
of which he spent in British hospitals.

Gibson was a first lieutenant of the
British Royal Air Force. He fell in
his riddled machine from an altitude
of 12,000 feet.
William H. Gibson, ex-'lB, returned
to the campus Saturday, after fifteen
months of oversea service, six months
of which he spent in British hospitals.

Gibson was a first lieutenant of the
British Royal Air Force. He fell in
his riddled machine from an altitude
of 12,000 feet.
