# The 						Growth of Football.
## 
### 
ThÂ»> following is clipped from the
College Athlete. It is indicative of
the great growth of interest in the
game since it was inaugurated in
this country.
"A careful estimate made in 1897,
at the close of the football season,
returned 2,200 elevens playing the
game in this country. In other
words, there are between 25,000 and
.">O,OOO players of the game in the
I nited States. This total, unex
pectedly large, gives rise to a num
ber of speculations. It isa proof of
the universal interest in a noble
game. It shows that football is not
confined to college and school cir
cles, but is becoming a game of the
people. And it is an unanswerable
argument for those to refute, who
are continually decrying the grid
iron as a scene of physical in
juries."
