# HONOR CODE TO BE EXPLAINED TONIGHT TO JUNIOR WOMEN
## 
### 
Explanation of the honor code for
the benefit of all women transfer
students will be made by Miriam
Strout, vice-president of A.W.S., at
7 o'clock this evening in the Roble
library.
She will repeat the talk that she
gave for the freshmen last Monday
night. On this occasion she stressed
the importance of respecting the
honor code, reminding the new
women that on conviction of a first
offense a student is automatically
suspended from the University for
three quarters, and that after a sec
ond he is expelled.
To avoid suspicion, the speaker
for Wom'en's Council suggested thai
students avoid sitting with friends,
thai they occupy alternate seats,
and that they remember to sign the
pledge. She said that it was a stu
dent's duty to report cheating. Ali
cases should be turned in to (he
Women's Council.
Explanation of the honor code for
the benefit of all women transfer
students will be made by Miriam
Strout, vice-president of A.W.S., at
7 o'clock this evening in the Roble
library.
She will repeat the talk that she
gave for the freshmen last Monday
night. On this occasion she stressed
the importance of respecting the
honor code, reminding the new
women that on conviction of a first
offense a student is automatically
suspended from the University for
three quarters, and that after a sec
ond he is expelled.
To avoid suspicion, the speaker
for Wom'en's Council suggested thai
students avoid sitting with friends,
thai they occupy alternate seats,
and that they remember to sign the
pledge. She said that it was a stu
dent's duty to report cheating. Ali
cases should be turned in to (he
Women's Council.
Explanation of the honor code for
the benefit of all women transfer
students will be made by Miriam
Strout, vice-president of A.W.S., at
7 o'clock this evening in the Roble
library.
She will repeat the talk that she
gave for the freshmen last Monday
night. On this occasion she stressed
the importance of respecting the
honor code, reminding the new
women that on conviction of a first
offense a student is automatically
suspended from the University for
three quarters, and that after a sec
ond he is expelled.
To avoid suspicion, the speaker
for Wom'en's Council suggested thai
students avoid sitting with friends,
thai they occupy alternate seats,
and that they remember to sign the
pledge. She said that it was a stu
dent's duty to report cheating. Ali
cases should be turned in to (he
Women's Council.
Explanation of the honor code for
the benefit of all women transfer
students will be made by Miriam
Strout, vice-president of A.W.S., at
7 o'clock this evening in the Roble
library.
She will repeat the talk that she
gave for the freshmen last Monday
night. On this occasion she stressed
the importance of respecting the
honor code, reminding the new
women that on conviction of a first
offense a student is automatically
suspended from the University for
three quarters, and that after a sec
ond he is expelled.
To avoid suspicion, the speaker
for Wom'en's Council suggested thai
students avoid sitting with friends,
thai they occupy alternate seats,
and that they remember to sign the
pledge. She said that it was a stu
dent's duty to report cheating. Ali
cases should be turned in to (he
Women's Council.
Explanation of the honor code for
the benefit of all women transfer
students will be made by Miriam
Strout, vice-president of A.W.S., at
7 o'clock this evening in the Roble
library.
She will repeat the talk that she
gave for the freshmen last Monday
night. On this occasion she stressed
the importance of respecting the
honor code, reminding the new
women that on conviction of a first
offense a student is automatically
suspended from the University for
three quarters, and that after a sec
ond he is expelled.
To avoid suspicion, the speaker
for Wom'en's Council suggested thai
students avoid sitting with friends,
thai they occupy alternate seats,
and that they remember to sign the
pledge. She said that it was a stu
dent's duty to report cheating. Ali
cases should be turned in to (he
Women's Council.
Explanation of the honor code for
the benefit of all women transfer
students will be made by Miriam
Strout, vice-president of A.W.S., at
7 o'clock this evening in the Roble
library.
She will repeat the talk that she
gave for the freshmen last Monday
night. On this occasion she stressed
the importance of respecting the
honor code, reminding the new
women that on conviction of a first
offense a student is automatically
suspended from the University for
three quarters, and that after a sec
ond he is expelled.
To avoid suspicion, the speaker
for Wom'en's Council suggested thai
students avoid sitting with friends,
thai they occupy alternate seats,
and that they remember to sign the
pledge. She said that it was a stu
dent's duty to report cheating. Ali
cases should be turned in to (he
Women's Council.
Explanation of the honor code for
the benefit of all women transfer
students will be made by Miriam
Strout, vice-president of A.W.S., at
7 o'clock this evening in the Roble
library.
She will repeat the talk that she
gave for the freshmen last Monday
night. On this occasion she stressed
the importance of respecting the
honor code, reminding the new
women that on conviction of a first
offense a student is automatically
suspended from the University for
three quarters, and that after a sec
ond he is expelled.
To avoid suspicion, the speaker
for Wom'en's Council suggested thai
students avoid sitting with friends,
thai they occupy alternate seats,
and that they remember to sign the
pledge. She said that it was a stu
dent's duty to report cheating. Ali
cases should be turned in to (he
Women's Council.
Explanation of the honor code for
the benefit of all women transfer
students will be made by Miriam
Strout, vice-president of A.W.S., at
7 o'clock this evening in the Roble
library.
She will repeat the talk that she
gave for the freshmen last Monday
night. On this occasion she stressed
the importance of respecting the
honor code, reminding the new
women that on conviction of a first
offense a student is automatically
suspended from the University for
three quarters, and that after a sec
ond he is expelled.
To avoid suspicion, the speaker
for Wom'en's Council suggested thai
students avoid sitting with friends,
thai they occupy alternate seats,
and that they remember to sign the
pledge. She said that it was a stu
dent's duty to report cheating. Ali
cases should be turned in to (he
Women's Council.
Explanation of the honor code for
the benefit of all women transfer
students will be made by Miriam
Strout, vice-president of A.W.S., at
7 o'clock this evening in the Roble
library.
She will repeat the talk that she
gave for the freshmen last Monday
night. On this occasion she stressed
the importance of respecting the
honor code, reminding the new
women that on conviction of a first
offense a student is automatically
suspended from the University for
three quarters, and that after a sec
ond he is expelled.
To avoid suspicion, the speaker
for Wom'en's Council suggested thai
students avoid sitting with friends,
thai they occupy alternate seats,
and that they remember to sign the
pledge. She said that it was a stu
dent's duty to report cheating. Ali
cases should be turned in to (he
Women's Council.
Explanation of the honor code for
the benefit of all women transfer
students will be made by Miriam
Strout, vice-president of A.W.S., at
7 o'clock this evening in the Roble
library.
She will repeat the talk that she
gave for the freshmen last Monday
night. On this occasion she stressed
the importance of respecting the
honor code, reminding the new
women that on conviction of a first
offense a student is automatically
suspended from the University for
three quarters, and that after a sec
ond he is expelled.
To avoid suspicion, the speaker
for Wom'en's Council suggested thai
students avoid sitting with friends,
thai they occupy alternate seats,
and that they remember to sign the
pledge. She said that it was a stu
dent's duty to report cheating. Ali
cases should be turned in to (he
Women's Council.
Explanation of the honor code for
the benefit of all women transfer
students will be made by Miriam
Strout, vice-president of A.W.S., at
7 o'clock this evening in the Roble
library.
She will repeat the talk that she
gave for the freshmen last Monday
night. On this occasion she stressed
the importance of respecting the
honor code, reminding the new
women that on conviction of a first
offense a student is automatically
suspended from the University for
three quarters, and that after a sec
ond he is expelled.
To avoid suspicion, the speaker
for Wom'en's Council suggested thai
students avoid sitting with friends,
thai they occupy alternate seats,
and that they remember to sign the
pledge. She said that it was a stu
dent's duty to report cheating. Ali
cases should be turned in to (he
Women's Council.
Explanation of the honor code for
the benefit of all women transfer
students will be made by Miriam
Strout, vice-president of A.W.S., at
7 o'clock this evening in the Roble
library.
She will repeat the talk that she
gave for the freshmen last Monday
night. On this occasion she stressed
the importance of respecting the
honor code, reminding the new
women that on conviction of a first
offense a student is automatically
suspended from the University for
three quarters, and that after a sec
ond he is expelled.
To avoid suspicion, the speaker
for Wom'en's Council suggested thai
students avoid sitting with friends,
thai they occupy alternate seats,
and that they remember to sign the
pledge. She said that it was a stu
dent's duty to report cheating. Ali
cases should be turned in to (he
Women's Council.
Explanation of the honor code for
the benefit of all women transfer
students will be made by Miriam
Strout, vice-president of A.W.S., at
7 o'clock this evening in the Roble
library.
She will repeat the talk that she
gave for the freshmen last Monday
night. On this occasion she stressed
the importance of respecting the
honor code, reminding the new
women that on conviction of a first
offense a student is automatically
suspended from the University for
three quarters, and that after a sec
ond he is expelled.
To avoid suspicion, the speaker
for Wom'en's Council suggested thai
students avoid sitting with friends,
thai they occupy alternate seats,
and that they remember to sign the
pledge. She said that it was a stu
dent's duty to report cheating. Ali
cases should be turned in to (he
Women's Council.
Explanation of the honor code for
the benefit of all women transfer
students will be made by Miriam
Strout, vice-president of A.W.S., at
7 o'clock this evening in the Roble
library.
She will repeat the talk that she
gave for the freshmen last Monday
night. On this occasion she stressed
the importance of respecting the
honor code, reminding the new
women that on conviction of a first
offense a student is automatically
suspended from the University for
three quarters, and that after a sec
ond he is expelled.
To avoid suspicion, the speaker
for Wom'en's Council suggested thai
students avoid sitting with friends,
thai they occupy alternate seats,
and that they remember to sign the
pledge. She said that it was a stu
dent's duty to report cheating. Ali
cases should be turned in to (he
Women's Council.
Explanation of the honor code for
the benefit of all women transfer
students will be made by Miriam
Strout, vice-president of A.W.S., at
7 o'clock this evening in the Roble
library.
She will repeat the talk that she
gave for the freshmen last Monday
night. On this occasion she stressed
the importance of respecting the
honor code, reminding the new
women that on conviction of a first
offense a student is automatically
suspended from the University for
three quarters, and that after a sec
ond he is expelled.
To avoid suspicion, the speaker
for Wom'en's Council suggested thai
students avoid sitting with friends,
thai they occupy alternate seats,
and that they remember to sign the
pledge. She said that it was a stu
dent's duty to report cheating. Ali
cases should be turned in to (he
Women's Council.
