# COACH POWELL WILL ADDRESS SOPH CLASS MEETING TOMORROW
## 
### 
The president of the Sophomore class
has called a meeting of the class to
morrow at 1 o'clock in Room 214 of the
English building. Coach Walter Powell
has requested permission to address the
class relative to a plan he has formu
lated for developing the prestige of the
university through athletic competition,
and he will be present at the meeting to
morrow to lay his plans before the
members of the class of '23. Coach
Powell will ask the cooperation of the
Sophomores in putting his plan into
execution, and President Kilpatrick re
quests that all members of the class be
present at the meeting in order to be
come acquainted with Coach Powell's
proposal.
In addition to Coach Powell's talk,.de
velopments in the baseball fight situa
tion will be discussed and the financial
situation will be talked over with a view
to solving the problems with which the
class is at present confronted.
The president of the Sophomore class
has called a meeting of the class to
morrow at 1 o'clock in Room 214 of the
English building. Coach Walter Powell
has requested permission to address the
class relative to a plan he has formu
lated for developing the prestige of the
university through athletic competition,
and he will be present at the meeting to
morrow to lay his plans before the
members of the class of '23. Coach
Powell will ask the cooperation of the
Sophomores in putting his plan into
execution, and President Kilpatrick re
quests that all members of the class be
present at the meeting in order to be
come acquainted with Coach Powell's
proposal.
In addition to Coach Powell's talk,.de
velopments in the baseball fight situa
tion will be discussed and the financial
situation will be talked over with a view
to solving the problems with which the
class is at present confronted.
The president of the Sophomore class
has called a meeting of the class to
morrow at 1 o'clock in Room 214 of the
English building. Coach Walter Powell
has requested permission to address the
class relative to a plan he has formu
lated for developing the prestige of the
university through athletic competition,
and he will be present at the meeting to
morrow to lay his plans before the
members of the class of '23. Coach
Powell will ask the cooperation of the
Sophomores in putting his plan into
execution, and President Kilpatrick re
quests that all members of the class be
present at the meeting in order to be
come acquainted with Coach Powell's
proposal.
In addition to Coach Powell's talk,.de
velopments in the baseball fight situa
tion will be discussed and the financial
situation will be talked over with a view
to solving the problems with which the
class is at present confronted.
The president of the Sophomore class
has called a meeting of the class to
morrow at 1 o'clock in Room 214 of the
English building. Coach Walter Powell
has requested permission to address the
class relative to a plan he has formu
lated for developing the prestige of the
university through athletic competition,
and he will be present at the meeting to
morrow to lay his plans before the
members of the class of '23. Coach
Powell will ask the cooperation of the
Sophomores in putting his plan into
execution, and President Kilpatrick re
quests that all members of the class be
present at the meeting in order to be
come acquainted with Coach Powell's
proposal.
In addition to Coach Powell's talk,.de
velopments in the baseball fight situa
tion will be discussed and the financial
situation will be talked over with a view
to solving the problems with which the
class is at present confronted.
The president of the Sophomore class
has called a meeting of the class to
morrow at 1 o'clock in Room 214 of the
English building. Coach Walter Powell
has requested permission to address the
class relative to a plan he has formu
lated for developing the prestige of the
university through athletic competition,
and he will be present at the meeting to
morrow to lay his plans before the
members of the class of '23. Coach
Powell will ask the cooperation of the
Sophomores in putting his plan into
execution, and President Kilpatrick re
quests that all members of the class be
present at the meeting in order to be
come acquainted with Coach Powell's
proposal.
In addition to Coach Powell's talk,.de
velopments in the baseball fight situa
tion will be discussed and the financial
situation will be talked over with a view
to solving the problems with which the
class is at present confronted.
The president of the Sophomore class
has called a meeting of the class to
morrow at 1 o'clock in Room 214 of the
English building. Coach Walter Powell
has requested permission to address the
class relative to a plan he has formu
lated for developing the prestige of the
university through athletic competition,
and he will be present at the meeting to
morrow to lay his plans before the
members of the class of '23. Coach
Powell will ask the cooperation of the
Sophomores in putting his plan into
execution, and President Kilpatrick re
quests that all members of the class be
present at the meeting in order to be
come acquainted with Coach Powell's
proposal.
In addition to Coach Powell's talk,.de
velopments in the baseball fight situa
tion will be discussed and the financial
situation will be talked over with a view
to solving the problems with which the
class is at present confronted.
The president of the Sophomore class
has called a meeting of the class to
morrow at 1 o'clock in Room 214 of the
English building. Coach Walter Powell
has requested permission to address the
class relative to a plan he has formu
lated for developing the prestige of the
university through athletic competition,
and he will be present at the meeting to
morrow to lay his plans before the
members of the class of '23. Coach
Powell will ask the cooperation of the
Sophomores in putting his plan into
execution, and President Kilpatrick re
quests that all members of the class be
present at the meeting in order to be
come acquainted with Coach Powell's
proposal.
In addition to Coach Powell's talk,.de
velopments in the baseball fight situa
tion will be discussed and the financial
situation will be talked over with a view
to solving the problems with which the
class is at present confronted.
The president of the Sophomore class
has called a meeting of the class to
morrow at 1 o'clock in Room 214 of the
English building. Coach Walter Powell
has requested permission to address the
class relative to a plan he has formu
lated for developing the prestige of the
university through athletic competition,
and he will be present at the meeting to
morrow to lay his plans before the
members of the class of '23. Coach
Powell will ask the cooperation of the
Sophomores in putting his plan into
execution, and President Kilpatrick re
quests that all members of the class be
present at the meeting in order to be
come acquainted with Coach Powell's
proposal.
In addition to Coach Powell's talk,.de
velopments in the baseball fight situa
tion will be discussed and the financial
situation will be talked over with a view
to solving the problems with which the
class is at present confronted.
The president of the Sophomore class
has called a meeting of the class to
morrow at 1 o'clock in Room 214 of the
English building. Coach Walter Powell
has requested permission to address the
class relative to a plan he has formu
lated for developing the prestige of the
university through athletic competition,
and he will be present at the meeting to
morrow to lay his plans before the
members of the class of '23. Coach
Powell will ask the cooperation of the
Sophomores in putting his plan into
execution, and President Kilpatrick re
quests that all members of the class be
present at the meeting in order to be
come acquainted with Coach Powell's
proposal.
In addition to Coach Powell's talk,.de
velopments in the baseball fight situa
tion will be discussed and the financial
situation will be talked over with a view
to solving the problems with which the
class is at present confronted.
The president of the Sophomore class
has called a meeting of the class to
morrow at 1 o'clock in Room 214 of the
English building. Coach Walter Powell
has requested permission to address the
class relative to a plan he has formu
lated for developing the prestige of the
university through athletic competition,
and he will be present at the meeting to
morrow to lay his plans before the
members of the class of '23. Coach
Powell will ask the cooperation of the
Sophomores in putting his plan into
execution, and President Kilpatrick re
quests that all members of the class be
present at the meeting in order to be
come acquainted with Coach Powell's
proposal.
In addition to Coach Powell's talk,.de
velopments in the baseball fight situa
tion will be discussed and the financial
situation will be talked over with a view
to solving the problems with which the
class is at present confronted.
The president of the Sophomore class
has called a meeting of the class to
morrow at 1 o'clock in Room 214 of the
English building. Coach Walter Powell
has requested permission to address the
class relative to a plan he has formu
lated for developing the prestige of the
university through athletic competition,
and he will be present at the meeting to
morrow to lay his plans before the
members of the class of '23. Coach
Powell will ask the cooperation of the
Sophomores in putting his plan into
execution, and President Kilpatrick re
quests that all members of the class be
present at the meeting in order to be
come acquainted with Coach Powell's
proposal.
In addition to Coach Powell's talk,.de
velopments in the baseball fight situa
tion will be discussed and the financial
situation will be talked over with a view
to solving the problems with which the
class is at present confronted.
The president of the Sophomore class
has called a meeting of the class to
morrow at 1 o'clock in Room 214 of the
English building. Coach Walter Powell
has requested permission to address the
class relative to a plan he has formu
lated for developing the prestige of the
university through athletic competition,
and he will be present at the meeting to
morrow to lay his plans before the
members of the class of '23. Coach
Powell will ask the cooperation of the
Sophomores in putting his plan into
execution, and President Kilpatrick re
quests that all members of the class be
present at the meeting in order to be
come acquainted with Coach Powell's
proposal.
In addition to Coach Powell's talk,.de
velopments in the baseball fight situa
tion will be discussed and the financial
situation will be talked over with a view
to solving the problems with which the
class is at present confronted.
The president of the Sophomore class
has called a meeting of the class to
morrow at 1 o'clock in Room 214 of the
English building. Coach Walter Powell
has requested permission to address the
class relative to a plan he has formu
lated for developing the prestige of the
university through athletic competition,
and he will be present at the meeting to
morrow to lay his plans before the
members of the class of '23. Coach
Powell will ask the cooperation of the
Sophomores in putting his plan into
execution, and President Kilpatrick re
quests that all members of the class be
present at the meeting in order to be
come acquainted with Coach Powell's
proposal.
In addition to Coach Powell's talk,.de
velopments in the baseball fight situa
tion will be discussed and the financial
situation will be talked over with a view
to solving the problems with which the
class is at present confronted.
