# DENBY FUNERAL HELD
## 
### 
DETROIT, Feb. 11. (/P) —A host of
friends including officials of the city,
state, and nation today attended the
funeral of Edwin Denby, former Sec
retary of the Navy, who died suddenly
here Friday.
DETROIT, Feb. 11. (/P) —A host of
friends including officials of the city,
state, and nation today attended the
funeral of Edwin Denby, former Sec
retary of the Navy, who died suddenly
here Friday.
DETROIT, Feb. 11. (/P) —A host of
friends including officials of the city,
state, and nation today attended the
funeral of Edwin Denby, former Sec
retary of the Navy, who died suddenly
here Friday.
DETROIT, Feb. 11. (/P) —A host of
friends including officials of the city,
state, and nation today attended the
funeral of Edwin Denby, former Sec
retary of the Navy, who died suddenly
here Friday.
DETROIT, Feb. 11. (/P) —A host of
friends including officials of the city,
state, and nation today attended the
funeral of Edwin Denby, former Sec
retary of the Navy, who died suddenly
here Friday.
DETROIT, Feb. 11. (/P) —A host of
friends including officials of the city,
state, and nation today attended the
funeral of Edwin Denby, former Sec
retary of the Navy, who died suddenly
here Friday.
DETROIT, Feb. 11. (/P) —A host of
friends including officials of the city,
state, and nation today attended the
funeral of Edwin Denby, former Sec
retary of the Navy, who died suddenly
here Friday.
DETROIT, Feb. 11. (/P) —A host of
friends including officials of the city,
state, and nation today attended the
funeral of Edwin Denby, former Sec
retary of the Navy, who died suddenly
here Friday.
DETROIT, Feb. 11. (/P) —A host of
friends including officials of the city,
state, and nation today attended the
funeral of Edwin Denby, former Sec
retary of the Navy, who died suddenly
here Friday.
DETROIT, Feb. 11. (/P) —A host of
friends including officials of the city,
state, and nation today attended the
funeral of Edwin Denby, former Sec
retary of the Navy, who died suddenly
here Friday.
DETROIT, Feb. 11. (/P) —A host of
friends including officials of the city,
state, and nation today attended the
funeral of Edwin Denby, former Sec
retary of the Navy, who died suddenly
here Friday.
DETROIT, Feb. 11. (/P) —A host of
friends including officials of the city,
state, and nation today attended the
funeral of Edwin Denby, former Sec
retary of the Navy, who died suddenly
here Friday.
DETROIT, Feb. 11. (/P) —A host of
friends including officials of the city,
state, and nation today attended the
funeral of Edwin Denby, former Sec
retary of the Navy, who died suddenly
here Friday.
DETROIT, Feb. 11. (/P) —A host of
friends including officials of the city,
state, and nation today attended the
funeral of Edwin Denby, former Sec
retary of the Navy, who died suddenly
here Friday.
DETROIT, Feb. 11. (/P) —A host of
friends including officials of the city,
state, and nation today attended the
funeral of Edwin Denby, former Sec
retary of the Navy, who died suddenly
here Friday.
DETROIT, Feb. 11. (/P) —A host of
friends including officials of the city,
state, and nation today attended the
funeral of Edwin Denby, former Sec
retary of the Navy, who died suddenly
here Friday.
DETROIT, Feb. 11. (/P) —A host of
friends including officials of the city,
state, and nation today attended the
funeral of Edwin Denby, former Sec
retary of the Navy, who died suddenly
here Friday.
