# SCHOOL TEACHER WINS NEW ICE HONORS
## 
### 

Loretta Neitzel, 20-year-old Detroit school teacher, who won another
unofficial ice skating record Sunday with her win over Leila Brooks Potter
of Toronto. Her mark of 3:27 for the mile will be a new women's world
record if it is allowed.

Loretta Neitzel, 20-year-old Detroit school teacher, who won another
unofficial ice skating record Sunday with her win over Leila Brooks Potter
of Toronto. Her mark of 3:27 for the mile will be a new women's world
record if it is allowed.

Loretta Neitzel, 20-year-old Detroit school teacher, who won another
unofficial ice skating record Sunday with her win over Leila Brooks Potter
of Toronto. Her mark of 3:27 for the mile will be a new women's world
record if it is allowed.

Loretta Neitzel, 20-year-old Detroit school teacher, who won another
unofficial ice skating record Sunday with her win over Leila Brooks Potter
of Toronto. Her mark of 3:27 for the mile will be a new women's world
record if it is allowed.

Loretta Neitzel, 20-year-old Detroit school teacher, who won another
unofficial ice skating record Sunday with her win over Leila Brooks Potter
of Toronto. Her mark of 3:27 for the mile will be a new women's world
record if it is allowed.

Loretta Neitzel, 20-year-old Detroit school teacher, who won another
unofficial ice skating record Sunday with her win over Leila Brooks Potter
of Toronto. Her mark of 3:27 for the mile will be a new women's world
record if it is allowed.

Loretta Neitzel, 20-year-old Detroit school teacher, who won another
unofficial ice skating record Sunday with her win over Leila Brooks Potter
of Toronto. Her mark of 3:27 for the mile will be a new women's world
record if it is allowed.

Loretta Neitzel, 20-year-old Detroit school teacher, who won another
unofficial ice skating record Sunday with her win over Leila Brooks Potter
of Toronto. Her mark of 3:27 for the mile will be a new women's world
record if it is allowed.

Loretta Neitzel, 20-year-old Detroit school teacher, who won another
unofficial ice skating record Sunday with her win over Leila Brooks Potter
of Toronto. Her mark of 3:27 for the mile will be a new women's world
record if it is allowed.

Loretta Neitzel, 20-year-old Detroit school teacher, who won another
unofficial ice skating record Sunday with her win over Leila Brooks Potter
of Toronto. Her mark of 3:27 for the mile will be a new women's world
record if it is allowed.

Loretta Neitzel, 20-year-old Detroit school teacher, who won another
unofficial ice skating record Sunday with her win over Leila Brooks Potter
of Toronto. Her mark of 3:27 for the mile will be a new women's world
record if it is allowed.

Loretta Neitzel, 20-year-old Detroit school teacher, who won another
unofficial ice skating record Sunday with her win over Leila Brooks Potter
of Toronto. Her mark of 3:27 for the mile will be a new women's world
record if it is allowed.

Loretta Neitzel, 20-year-old Detroit school teacher, who won another
unofficial ice skating record Sunday with her win over Leila Brooks Potter
of Toronto. Her mark of 3:27 for the mile will be a new women's world
record if it is allowed.

Loretta Neitzel, 20-year-old Detroit school teacher, who won another
unofficial ice skating record Sunday with her win over Leila Brooks Potter
of Toronto. Her mark of 3:27 for the mile will be a new women's world
record if it is allowed.

Loretta Neitzel, 20-year-old Detroit school teacher, who won another
unofficial ice skating record Sunday with her win over Leila Brooks Potter
of Toronto. Her mark of 3:27 for the mile will be a new women's world
record if it is allowed.

Loretta Neitzel, 20-year-old Detroit school teacher, who won another
unofficial ice skating record Sunday with her win over Leila Brooks Potter
of Toronto. Her mark of 3:27 for the mile will be a new women's world
record if it is allowed.

Loretta Neitzel, 20-year-old Detroit school teacher, who won another
unofficial ice skating record Sunday with her win over Leila Brooks Potter
of Toronto. Her mark of 3:27 for the mile will be a new women's world
record if it is allowed.
