# Adv. 20 Page 6
## 
### 
Invite Hans Roth
to Your Wedding
for priceless
CANDIDS
Smart brides choose Hans
Roth, experienced photogra
pher. to make candid records
of the wedding hour.
Finished like portraits,
leather boii n d. they'll be
treasured forever!
Jkwf
UIO AITO (J
PHOT OGR APHIR
OA
Invite Hans Roth
to Your Wedding
for priceless
CANDIDS
Smart brides choose Hans
Roth, experienced photogra
pher. to make candid records
of the wedding hour.
Finished like portraits,
leather boii n d. they'll be
treasured forever!
Jkwf
UIO AITO (J
PHOT OGR APHIR
OA
Invite Hans Roth
to Your Wedding
for priceless
CANDIDS
Smart brides choose Hans
Roth, experienced photogra
pher. to make candid records
of the wedding hour.
Finished like portraits,
leather boii n d. they'll be
treasured forever!
Jkwf
UIO AITO (J
PHOT OGR APHIR
OA
Invite Hans Roth
to Your Wedding
for priceless
CANDIDS
Smart brides choose Hans
Roth, experienced photogra
pher. to make candid records
of the wedding hour.
Finished like portraits,
leather boii n d. they'll be
treasured forever!
Jkwf
UIO AITO (J
PHOT OGR APHIR
OA
Invite Hans Roth
to Your Wedding
for priceless
CANDIDS
Smart brides choose Hans
Roth, experienced photogra
pher. to make candid records
of the wedding hour.
Finished like portraits,
leather boii n d. they'll be
treasured forever!
Jkwf
UIO AITO (J
PHOT OGR APHIR
OA
Invite Hans Roth
to Your Wedding
for priceless
CANDIDS
Smart brides choose Hans
Roth, experienced photogra
pher. to make candid records
of the wedding hour.
Finished like portraits,
leather boii n d. they'll be
treasured forever!
Jkwf
UIO AITO (J
PHOT OGR APHIR
OA
Invite Hans Roth
to Your Wedding
for priceless
CANDIDS
Smart brides choose Hans
Roth, experienced photogra
pher. to make candid records
of the wedding hour.
Finished like portraits,
leather boii n d. they'll be
treasured forever!
Jkwf
UIO AITO (J
PHOT OGR APHIR
OA
Invite Hans Roth
to Your Wedding
for priceless
CANDIDS
Smart brides choose Hans
Roth, experienced photogra
pher. to make candid records
of the wedding hour.
Finished like portraits,
leather boii n d. they'll be
treasured forever!
Jkwf
UIO AITO (J
PHOT OGR APHIR
OA
Invite Hans Roth
to Your Wedding
for priceless
CANDIDS
Smart brides choose Hans
Roth, experienced photogra
pher. to make candid records
of the wedding hour.
Finished like portraits,
leather boii n d. they'll be
treasured forever!
Jkwf
UIO AITO (J
PHOT OGR APHIR
OA
Invite Hans Roth
to Your Wedding
for priceless
CANDIDS
Smart brides choose Hans
Roth, experienced photogra
pher. to make candid records
of the wedding hour.
Finished like portraits,
leather boii n d. they'll be
treasured forever!
Jkwf
UIO AITO (J
PHOT OGR APHIR
OA
Invite Hans Roth
to Your Wedding
for priceless
CANDIDS
Smart brides choose Hans
Roth, experienced photogra
pher. to make candid records
of the wedding hour.
Finished like portraits,
leather boii n d. they'll be
treasured forever!
Jkwf
UIO AITO (J
PHOT OGR APHIR
OA
Invite Hans Roth
to Your Wedding
for priceless
CANDIDS
Smart brides choose Hans
Roth, experienced photogra
pher. to make candid records
of the wedding hour.
Finished like portraits,
leather boii n d. they'll be
treasured forever!
Jkwf
UIO AITO (J
PHOT OGR APHIR
OA
Invite Hans Roth
to Your Wedding
for priceless
CANDIDS
Smart brides choose Hans
Roth, experienced photogra
pher. to make candid records
of the wedding hour.
Finished like portraits,
leather boii n d. they'll be
treasured forever!
Jkwf
UIO AITO (J
PHOT OGR APHIR
OA
Invite Hans Roth
to Your Wedding
for priceless
CANDIDS
Smart brides choose Hans
Roth, experienced photogra
pher. to make candid records
of the wedding hour.
Finished like portraits,
leather boii n d. they'll be
treasured forever!
Jkwf
UIO AITO (J
PHOT OGR APHIR
OA
