# UNION RESIDENCE
## 
### 
Union Residence announces the
result of house elections: Sue Wil
son, president; Nancy Green, vice
president; Joan Lippman, social
chairman; Lois Olvera, committee
of Eight; and Libby Parnag, treas
urer.
Union Residence announces the
result of house elections: Sue Wil
son, president; Nancy Green, vice
president; Joan Lippman, social
chairman; Lois Olvera, committee
of Eight; and Libby Parnag, treas
urer.
Union Residence announces the
result of house elections: Sue Wil
son, president; Nancy Green, vice
president; Joan Lippman, social
chairman; Lois Olvera, committee
of Eight; and Libby Parnag, treas
urer.
Union Residence announces the
result of house elections: Sue Wil
son, president; Nancy Green, vice
president; Joan Lippman, social
chairman; Lois Olvera, committee
of Eight; and Libby Parnag, treas
urer.
Union Residence announces the
result of house elections: Sue Wil
son, president; Nancy Green, vice
president; Joan Lippman, social
chairman; Lois Olvera, committee
of Eight; and Libby Parnag, treas
urer.
Union Residence announces the
result of house elections: Sue Wil
son, president; Nancy Green, vice
president; Joan Lippman, social
chairman; Lois Olvera, committee
of Eight; and Libby Parnag, treas
urer.
Union Residence announces the
result of house elections: Sue Wil
son, president; Nancy Green, vice
president; Joan Lippman, social
chairman; Lois Olvera, committee
of Eight; and Libby Parnag, treas
urer.
Union Residence announces the
result of house elections: Sue Wil
son, president; Nancy Green, vice
president; Joan Lippman, social
chairman; Lois Olvera, committee
of Eight; and Libby Parnag, treas
urer.
Union Residence announces the
result of house elections: Sue Wil
son, president; Nancy Green, vice
president; Joan Lippman, social
chairman; Lois Olvera, committee
of Eight; and Libby Parnag, treas
urer.
Union Residence announces the
result of house elections: Sue Wil
son, president; Nancy Green, vice
president; Joan Lippman, social
chairman; Lois Olvera, committee
of Eight; and Libby Parnag, treas
urer.
Union Residence announces the
result of house elections: Sue Wil
son, president; Nancy Green, vice
president; Joan Lippman, social
chairman; Lois Olvera, committee
of Eight; and Libby Parnag, treas
urer.
Union Residence announces the
result of house elections: Sue Wil
son, president; Nancy Green, vice
president; Joan Lippman, social
chairman; Lois Olvera, committee
of Eight; and Libby Parnag, treas
urer.
Union Residence announces the
result of house elections: Sue Wil
son, president; Nancy Green, vice
president; Joan Lippman, social
chairman; Lois Olvera, committee
of Eight; and Libby Parnag, treas
urer.
Union Residence announces the
result of house elections: Sue Wil
son, president; Nancy Green, vice
president; Joan Lippman, social
chairman; Lois Olvera, committee
of Eight; and Libby Parnag, treas
urer.
