# Guests Will Play At Final Recital
## 
### 
The concluding organ recital for
spring quarter will be given this
afternoon at 4:15 in Memorial
Church by guest artist Dr. Warren
Dwiyht Allen.
Dr. Allen, former University or
ganist and present professor of inu
«ic and education at Stanford, will
be assisted by Miss Doriot Anthony,
flutist in the Los Angeles Philhar
monic Orchestra and soloist and
chamber music artist. She is visit
ing Stanford to play under Dr. Jan
Popper in the orchestra for the op
era "Shvanda."
The concluding organ recital for
spring quarter will be given this
afternoon at 4:15 in Memorial
Church by guest artist Dr. Warren
Dwiyht Allen.
Dr. Allen, former University or
ganist and present professor of inu
«ic and education at Stanford, will
be assisted by Miss Doriot Anthony,
flutist in the Los Angeles Philhar
monic Orchestra and soloist and
chamber music artist. She is visit
ing Stanford to play under Dr. Jan
Popper in the orchestra for the op
era "Shvanda."
The concluding organ recital for
spring quarter will be given this
afternoon at 4:15 in Memorial
Church by guest artist Dr. Warren
Dwiyht Allen.
Dr. Allen, former University or
ganist and present professor of inu
«ic and education at Stanford, will
be assisted by Miss Doriot Anthony,
flutist in the Los Angeles Philhar
monic Orchestra and soloist and
chamber music artist. She is visit
ing Stanford to play under Dr. Jan
Popper in the orchestra for the op
era "Shvanda."
The concluding organ recital for
spring quarter will be given this
afternoon at 4:15 in Memorial
Church by guest artist Dr. Warren
Dwiyht Allen.
Dr. Allen, former University or
ganist and present professor of inu
«ic and education at Stanford, will
be assisted by Miss Doriot Anthony,
flutist in the Los Angeles Philhar
monic Orchestra and soloist and
chamber music artist. She is visit
ing Stanford to play under Dr. Jan
Popper in the orchestra for the op
era "Shvanda."
The concluding organ recital for
spring quarter will be given this
afternoon at 4:15 in Memorial
Church by guest artist Dr. Warren
Dwiyht Allen.
Dr. Allen, former University or
ganist and present professor of inu
«ic and education at Stanford, will
be assisted by Miss Doriot Anthony,
flutist in the Los Angeles Philhar
monic Orchestra and soloist and
chamber music artist. She is visit
ing Stanford to play under Dr. Jan
Popper in the orchestra for the op
era "Shvanda."
The concluding organ recital for
spring quarter will be given this
afternoon at 4:15 in Memorial
Church by guest artist Dr. Warren
Dwiyht Allen.
Dr. Allen, former University or
ganist and present professor of inu
«ic and education at Stanford, will
be assisted by Miss Doriot Anthony,
flutist in the Los Angeles Philhar
monic Orchestra and soloist and
chamber music artist. She is visit
ing Stanford to play under Dr. Jan
Popper in the orchestra for the op
era "Shvanda."
The concluding organ recital for
spring quarter will be given this
afternoon at 4:15 in Memorial
Church by guest artist Dr. Warren
Dwiyht Allen.
Dr. Allen, former University or
ganist and present professor of inu
«ic and education at Stanford, will
be assisted by Miss Doriot Anthony,
flutist in the Los Angeles Philhar
monic Orchestra and soloist and
chamber music artist. She is visit
ing Stanford to play under Dr. Jan
Popper in the orchestra for the op
era "Shvanda."
The concluding organ recital for
spring quarter will be given this
afternoon at 4:15 in Memorial
Church by guest artist Dr. Warren
Dwiyht Allen.
Dr. Allen, former University or
ganist and present professor of inu
«ic and education at Stanford, will
be assisted by Miss Doriot Anthony,
flutist in the Los Angeles Philhar
monic Orchestra and soloist and
chamber music artist. She is visit
ing Stanford to play under Dr. Jan
Popper in the orchestra for the op
era "Shvanda."
The concluding organ recital for
spring quarter will be given this
afternoon at 4:15 in Memorial
Church by guest artist Dr. Warren
Dwiyht Allen.
Dr. Allen, former University or
ganist and present professor of inu
«ic and education at Stanford, will
be assisted by Miss Doriot Anthony,
flutist in the Los Angeles Philhar
monic Orchestra and soloist and
chamber music artist. She is visit
ing Stanford to play under Dr. Jan
Popper in the orchestra for the op
era "Shvanda."
The concluding organ recital for
spring quarter will be given this
afternoon at 4:15 in Memorial
Church by guest artist Dr. Warren
Dwiyht Allen.
Dr. Allen, former University or
ganist and present professor of inu
«ic and education at Stanford, will
be assisted by Miss Doriot Anthony,
flutist in the Los Angeles Philhar
monic Orchestra and soloist and
chamber music artist. She is visit
ing Stanford to play under Dr. Jan
Popper in the orchestra for the op
era "Shvanda."
The concluding organ recital for
spring quarter will be given this
afternoon at 4:15 in Memorial
Church by guest artist Dr. Warren
Dwiyht Allen.
Dr. Allen, former University or
ganist and present professor of inu
«ic and education at Stanford, will
be assisted by Miss Doriot Anthony,
flutist in the Los Angeles Philhar
monic Orchestra and soloist and
chamber music artist. She is visit
ing Stanford to play under Dr. Jan
Popper in the orchestra for the op
era "Shvanda."
The concluding organ recital for
spring quarter will be given this
afternoon at 4:15 in Memorial
Church by guest artist Dr. Warren
Dwiyht Allen.
Dr. Allen, former University or
ganist and present professor of inu
«ic and education at Stanford, will
be assisted by Miss Doriot Anthony,
flutist in the Los Angeles Philhar
monic Orchestra and soloist and
chamber music artist. She is visit
ing Stanford to play under Dr. Jan
Popper in the orchestra for the op
era "Shvanda."
The concluding organ recital for
spring quarter will be given this
afternoon at 4:15 in Memorial
Church by guest artist Dr. Warren
Dwiyht Allen.
Dr. Allen, former University or
ganist and present professor of inu
«ic and education at Stanford, will
be assisted by Miss Doriot Anthony,
flutist in the Los Angeles Philhar
monic Orchestra and soloist and
chamber music artist. She is visit
ing Stanford to play under Dr. Jan
Popper in the orchestra for the op
era "Shvanda."
The concluding organ recital for
spring quarter will be given this
afternoon at 4:15 in Memorial
Church by guest artist Dr. Warren
Dwiyht Allen.
Dr. Allen, former University or
ganist and present professor of inu
«ic and education at Stanford, will
be assisted by Miss Doriot Anthony,
flutist in the Los Angeles Philhar
monic Orchestra and soloist and
chamber music artist. She is visit
ing Stanford to play under Dr. Jan
Popper in the orchestra for the op
era "Shvanda."
