# LOS ARCOS
## 
### 
John Dodd is the new Los Arcos
president. Bob Wayne is vice
president; and Harold Rogers, sec
retary. Interclub representative,
Fred Hawkes; treasurer, Jim Dear
dorff; Gil Clark, corresponding sec
retary; and Rufus Hayden, athletic
chairman.
John Dodd is the new Los Arcos
president. Bob Wayne is vice
president; and Harold Rogers, sec
retary. Interclub representative,
Fred Hawkes; treasurer, Jim Dear
dorff; Gil Clark, corresponding sec
retary; and Rufus Hayden, athletic
chairman.
John Dodd is the new Los Arcos
president. Bob Wayne is vice
president; and Harold Rogers, sec
retary. Interclub representative,
Fred Hawkes; treasurer, Jim Dear
dorff; Gil Clark, corresponding sec
retary; and Rufus Hayden, athletic
chairman.
John Dodd is the new Los Arcos
president. Bob Wayne is vice
president; and Harold Rogers, sec
retary. Interclub representative,
Fred Hawkes; treasurer, Jim Dear
dorff; Gil Clark, corresponding sec
retary; and Rufus Hayden, athletic
chairman.
John Dodd is the new Los Arcos
president. Bob Wayne is vice
president; and Harold Rogers, sec
retary. Interclub representative,
Fred Hawkes; treasurer, Jim Dear
dorff; Gil Clark, corresponding sec
retary; and Rufus Hayden, athletic
chairman.
John Dodd is the new Los Arcos
president. Bob Wayne is vice
president; and Harold Rogers, sec
retary. Interclub representative,
Fred Hawkes; treasurer, Jim Dear
dorff; Gil Clark, corresponding sec
retary; and Rufus Hayden, athletic
chairman.
John Dodd is the new Los Arcos
president. Bob Wayne is vice
president; and Harold Rogers, sec
retary. Interclub representative,
Fred Hawkes; treasurer, Jim Dear
dorff; Gil Clark, corresponding sec
retary; and Rufus Hayden, athletic
chairman.
John Dodd is the new Los Arcos
president. Bob Wayne is vice
president; and Harold Rogers, sec
retary. Interclub representative,
Fred Hawkes; treasurer, Jim Dear
dorff; Gil Clark, corresponding sec
retary; and Rufus Hayden, athletic
chairman.
John Dodd is the new Los Arcos
president. Bob Wayne is vice
president; and Harold Rogers, sec
retary. Interclub representative,
Fred Hawkes; treasurer, Jim Dear
dorff; Gil Clark, corresponding sec
retary; and Rufus Hayden, athletic
chairman.
John Dodd is the new Los Arcos
president. Bob Wayne is vice
president; and Harold Rogers, sec
retary. Interclub representative,
Fred Hawkes; treasurer, Jim Dear
dorff; Gil Clark, corresponding sec
retary; and Rufus Hayden, athletic
chairman.
John Dodd is the new Los Arcos
president. Bob Wayne is vice
president; and Harold Rogers, sec
retary. Interclub representative,
Fred Hawkes; treasurer, Jim Dear
dorff; Gil Clark, corresponding sec
retary; and Rufus Hayden, athletic
chairman.
John Dodd is the new Los Arcos
president. Bob Wayne is vice
president; and Harold Rogers, sec
retary. Interclub representative,
Fred Hawkes; treasurer, Jim Dear
dorff; Gil Clark, corresponding sec
retary; and Rufus Hayden, athletic
chairman.
John Dodd is the new Los Arcos
president. Bob Wayne is vice
president; and Harold Rogers, sec
retary. Interclub representative,
Fred Hawkes; treasurer, Jim Dear
dorff; Gil Clark, corresponding sec
retary; and Rufus Hayden, athletic
chairman.
John Dodd is the new Los Arcos
president. Bob Wayne is vice
president; and Harold Rogers, sec
retary. Interclub representative,
Fred Hawkes; treasurer, Jim Dear
dorff; Gil Clark, corresponding sec
retary; and Rufus Hayden, athletic
chairman.
