# THE 						WEATHER
## 
### 
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow, warmer today. Moderate
northwest wind in afternoon.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow, warmer today. Moderate
northwest wind in afternoon.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow, warmer today. Moderate
northwest wind in afternoon.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow, warmer today. Moderate
northwest wind in afternoon.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow, warmer today. Moderate
northwest wind in afternoon.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow, warmer today. Moderate
northwest wind in afternoon.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow, warmer today. Moderate
northwest wind in afternoon.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow, warmer today. Moderate
northwest wind in afternoon.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow, warmer today. Moderate
northwest wind in afternoon.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow, warmer today. Moderate
northwest wind in afternoon.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow, warmer today. Moderate
northwest wind in afternoon.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow, warmer today. Moderate
northwest wind in afternoon.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow, warmer today. Moderate
northwest wind in afternoon.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow, warmer today. Moderate
northwest wind in afternoon.
