# CHANGE IN ITALIAN
## 
### 
Italian 130 will be given at 10 a.m.
by Dr. Sangiorgi instead of Italian
111 which is now listed. Italian 130,
given MWF. is Introduction to Ital
ian Literature.
Italian 130 will be given at 10 a.m.
by Dr. Sangiorgi instead of Italian
111 which is now listed. Italian 130,
given MWF. is Introduction to Ital
ian Literature.
Italian 130 will be given at 10 a.m.
by Dr. Sangiorgi instead of Italian
111 which is now listed. Italian 130,
given MWF. is Introduction to Ital
ian Literature.
Italian 130 will be given at 10 a.m.
by Dr. Sangiorgi instead of Italian
111 which is now listed. Italian 130,
given MWF. is Introduction to Ital
ian Literature.
Italian 130 will be given at 10 a.m.
by Dr. Sangiorgi instead of Italian
111 which is now listed. Italian 130,
given MWF. is Introduction to Ital
ian Literature.
Italian 130 will be given at 10 a.m.
by Dr. Sangiorgi instead of Italian
111 which is now listed. Italian 130,
given MWF. is Introduction to Ital
ian Literature.
Italian 130 will be given at 10 a.m.
by Dr. Sangiorgi instead of Italian
111 which is now listed. Italian 130,
given MWF. is Introduction to Ital
ian Literature.
Italian 130 will be given at 10 a.m.
by Dr. Sangiorgi instead of Italian
111 which is now listed. Italian 130,
given MWF. is Introduction to Ital
ian Literature.
Italian 130 will be given at 10 a.m.
by Dr. Sangiorgi instead of Italian
111 which is now listed. Italian 130,
given MWF. is Introduction to Ital
ian Literature.
Italian 130 will be given at 10 a.m.
by Dr. Sangiorgi instead of Italian
111 which is now listed. Italian 130,
given MWF. is Introduction to Ital
ian Literature.
Italian 130 will be given at 10 a.m.
by Dr. Sangiorgi instead of Italian
111 which is now listed. Italian 130,
given MWF. is Introduction to Ital
ian Literature.
Italian 130 will be given at 10 a.m.
by Dr. Sangiorgi instead of Italian
111 which is now listed. Italian 130,
given MWF. is Introduction to Ital
ian Literature.
Italian 130 will be given at 10 a.m.
by Dr. Sangiorgi instead of Italian
111 which is now listed. Italian 130,
given MWF. is Introduction to Ital
ian Literature.
Italian 130 will be given at 10 a.m.
by Dr. Sangiorgi instead of Italian
111 which is now listed. Italian 130,
given MWF. is Introduction to Ital
ian Literature.
