# Pay Traffic Fines Within Week: Davis
## 
### 
Chief of Police Gordon Davis
announced yesterday that all \m
paid traffic tickets must be paid
within a week. The standard line is
$2, but if not paid within that time
an additional $1 delinquency line
will be imposed.
Further delay will mean that the
Registrar's Office will be notified
and credit, grades, and registration
will be held up until the bill is set
tled.
Chief of Police Gordon Davis
announced yesterday that all \m
paid traffic tickets must be paid
within a week. The standard line is
$2, but if not paid within that time
an additional $1 delinquency line
will be imposed.
Further delay will mean that the
Registrar's Office will be notified
and credit, grades, and registration
will be held up until the bill is set
tled.
Chief of Police Gordon Davis
announced yesterday that all \m
paid traffic tickets must be paid
within a week. The standard line is
$2, but if not paid within that time
an additional $1 delinquency line
will be imposed.
Further delay will mean that the
Registrar's Office will be notified
and credit, grades, and registration
will be held up until the bill is set
tled.
Chief of Police Gordon Davis
announced yesterday that all \m
paid traffic tickets must be paid
within a week. The standard line is
$2, but if not paid within that time
an additional $1 delinquency line
will be imposed.
Further delay will mean that the
Registrar's Office will be notified
and credit, grades, and registration
will be held up until the bill is set
tled.
Chief of Police Gordon Davis
announced yesterday that all \m
paid traffic tickets must be paid
within a week. The standard line is
$2, but if not paid within that time
an additional $1 delinquency line
will be imposed.
Further delay will mean that the
Registrar's Office will be notified
and credit, grades, and registration
will be held up until the bill is set
tled.
Chief of Police Gordon Davis
announced yesterday that all \m
paid traffic tickets must be paid
within a week. The standard line is
$2, but if not paid within that time
an additional $1 delinquency line
will be imposed.
Further delay will mean that the
Registrar's Office will be notified
and credit, grades, and registration
will be held up until the bill is set
tled.
Chief of Police Gordon Davis
announced yesterday that all \m
paid traffic tickets must be paid
within a week. The standard line is
$2, but if not paid within that time
an additional $1 delinquency line
will be imposed.
Further delay will mean that the
Registrar's Office will be notified
and credit, grades, and registration
will be held up until the bill is set
tled.
Chief of Police Gordon Davis
announced yesterday that all \m
paid traffic tickets must be paid
within a week. The standard line is
$2, but if not paid within that time
an additional $1 delinquency line
will be imposed.
Further delay will mean that the
Registrar's Office will be notified
and credit, grades, and registration
will be held up until the bill is set
tled.
Chief of Police Gordon Davis
announced yesterday that all \m
paid traffic tickets must be paid
within a week. The standard line is
$2, but if not paid within that time
an additional $1 delinquency line
will be imposed.
Further delay will mean that the
Registrar's Office will be notified
and credit, grades, and registration
will be held up until the bill is set
tled.
Chief of Police Gordon Davis
announced yesterday that all \m
paid traffic tickets must be paid
within a week. The standard line is
$2, but if not paid within that time
an additional $1 delinquency line
will be imposed.
Further delay will mean that the
Registrar's Office will be notified
and credit, grades, and registration
will be held up until the bill is set
tled.
Chief of Police Gordon Davis
announced yesterday that all \m
paid traffic tickets must be paid
within a week. The standard line is
$2, but if not paid within that time
an additional $1 delinquency line
will be imposed.
Further delay will mean that the
Registrar's Office will be notified
and credit, grades, and registration
will be held up until the bill is set
tled.
Chief of Police Gordon Davis
announced yesterday that all \m
paid traffic tickets must be paid
within a week. The standard line is
$2, but if not paid within that time
an additional $1 delinquency line
will be imposed.
Further delay will mean that the
Registrar's Office will be notified
and credit, grades, and registration
will be held up until the bill is set
tled.
Chief of Police Gordon Davis
announced yesterday that all \m
paid traffic tickets must be paid
within a week. The standard line is
$2, but if not paid within that time
an additional $1 delinquency line
will be imposed.
Further delay will mean that the
Registrar's Office will be notified
and credit, grades, and registration
will be held up until the bill is set
tled.
Chief of Police Gordon Davis
announced yesterday that all \m
paid traffic tickets must be paid
within a week. The standard line is
$2, but if not paid within that time
an additional $1 delinquency line
will be imposed.
Further delay will mean that the
Registrar's Office will be notified
and credit, grades, and registration
will be held up until the bill is set
tled.
