# SOLTAU TO JOIN FACULTY
## 
### 
Roger Henry Soltau, professor of
political science at the American
University of Beirut in Lebanon,
will join the faculty as a visiting
professor this summer, it was an
nounced today by Dr. Arnaud B.
Leavelle, Jr., head of the political
science department. He is an au
thority on the history and politics
of the Middle East and is a well
known author.
Roger Henry Soltau, professor of
political science at the American
University of Beirut in Lebanon,
will join the faculty as a visiting
professor this summer, it was an
nounced today by Dr. Arnaud B.
Leavelle, Jr., head of the political
science department. He is an au
thority on the history and politics
of the Middle East and is a well
known author.
Roger Henry Soltau, professor of
political science at the American
University of Beirut in Lebanon,
will join the faculty as a visiting
professor this summer, it was an
nounced today by Dr. Arnaud B.
Leavelle, Jr., head of the political
science department. He is an au
thority on the history and politics
of the Middle East and is a well
known author.
Roger Henry Soltau, professor of
political science at the American
University of Beirut in Lebanon,
will join the faculty as a visiting
professor this summer, it was an
nounced today by Dr. Arnaud B.
Leavelle, Jr., head of the political
science department. He is an au
thority on the history and politics
of the Middle East and is a well
known author.
Roger Henry Soltau, professor of
political science at the American
University of Beirut in Lebanon,
will join the faculty as a visiting
professor this summer, it was an
nounced today by Dr. Arnaud B.
Leavelle, Jr., head of the political
science department. He is an au
thority on the history and politics
of the Middle East and is a well
known author.
Roger Henry Soltau, professor of
political science at the American
University of Beirut in Lebanon,
will join the faculty as a visiting
professor this summer, it was an
nounced today by Dr. Arnaud B.
Leavelle, Jr., head of the political
science department. He is an au
thority on the history and politics
of the Middle East and is a well
known author.
Roger Henry Soltau, professor of
political science at the American
University of Beirut in Lebanon,
will join the faculty as a visiting
professor this summer, it was an
nounced today by Dr. Arnaud B.
Leavelle, Jr., head of the political
science department. He is an au
thority on the history and politics
of the Middle East and is a well
known author.
Roger Henry Soltau, professor of
political science at the American
University of Beirut in Lebanon,
will join the faculty as a visiting
professor this summer, it was an
nounced today by Dr. Arnaud B.
Leavelle, Jr., head of the political
science department. He is an au
thority on the history and politics
of the Middle East and is a well
known author.
Roger Henry Soltau, professor of
political science at the American
University of Beirut in Lebanon,
will join the faculty as a visiting
professor this summer, it was an
nounced today by Dr. Arnaud B.
Leavelle, Jr., head of the political
science department. He is an au
thority on the history and politics
of the Middle East and is a well
known author.
Roger Henry Soltau, professor of
political science at the American
University of Beirut in Lebanon,
will join the faculty as a visiting
professor this summer, it was an
nounced today by Dr. Arnaud B.
Leavelle, Jr., head of the political
science department. He is an au
thority on the history and politics
of the Middle East and is a well
known author.
Roger Henry Soltau, professor of
political science at the American
University of Beirut in Lebanon,
will join the faculty as a visiting
professor this summer, it was an
nounced today by Dr. Arnaud B.
Leavelle, Jr., head of the political
science department. He is an au
thority on the history and politics
of the Middle East and is a well
known author.
Roger Henry Soltau, professor of
political science at the American
University of Beirut in Lebanon,
will join the faculty as a visiting
professor this summer, it was an
nounced today by Dr. Arnaud B.
Leavelle, Jr., head of the political
science department. He is an au
thority on the history and politics
of the Middle East and is a well
known author.
Roger Henry Soltau, professor of
political science at the American
University of Beirut in Lebanon,
will join the faculty as a visiting
professor this summer, it was an
nounced today by Dr. Arnaud B.
Leavelle, Jr., head of the political
science department. He is an au
thority on the history and politics
of the Middle East and is a well
known author.
Roger Henry Soltau, professor of
political science at the American
University of Beirut in Lebanon,
will join the faculty as a visiting
professor this summer, it was an
nounced today by Dr. Arnaud B.
Leavelle, Jr., head of the political
science department. He is an au
thority on the history and politics
of the Middle East and is a well
known author.
