# Check to Polio Discovered By Stanford Men
## Bacteriologists Compound Nasal Spray Solution Which Gives Immunity 
### 
Among the many searchers for a
method to check the toll of poliomy
elitis have been Professors E. W.
Schultz and L. P. Gebhardt, of the
Stanford University bacteriology de
partment.
Now, after eight years of constant
research, they, with other independ
ent workers, have reported the dis
covery of a "chemical block" to in
fantile paralysis. Establishing the
fact that the polio virus enters the
body only through the olfactory
nerves in the upper nose, they have
been searching for some substance
which would render those sensitive
nerve ends impregnable to the dis
ease.
Departing from previous research
in the development of a serum or
vaccine to check the disease, they
found that the virus, after entering
the nerve ends, follows the neurons
through the brain into the central
nervous system, principal control of
muscular movement. After finding
that monkeys whose olfactory nerve
endings had been destroyed were
immune to the disease, over forty
chemicals were tested in an attempt
to find an effective block to the en
trance of the virus.
The substance proving most effec
tive, with low harmful effect, was
found to be zinc sulfate. In tests on
over 240 monkeys, this substance
rendered animals immune for one
month in 95 per cent of the cases,
and for two months in 75 per cent
of the cases.
Among the many searchers for a
method to check the toll of poliomy
elitis have been Professors E. W.
Schultz and L. P. Gebhardt, of the
Stanford University bacteriology de
partment.
Now, after eight years of constant
research, they, with other independ
ent workers, have reported the dis
covery of a "chemical block" to in
fantile paralysis. Establishing the
fact that the polio virus enters the
body only through the olfactory
nerves in the upper nose, they have
been searching for some substance
which would render those sensitive
nerve ends impregnable to the dis
ease.
Departing from previous research
in the development of a serum or
vaccine to check the disease, they
found that the virus, after entering
the nerve ends, follows the neurons
through the brain into the central
nervous system, principal control of
muscular movement. After finding
that monkeys whose olfactory nerve
endings had been destroyed were
immune to the disease, over forty
chemicals were tested in an attempt
to find an effective block to the en
trance of the virus.
The substance proving most effec
tive, with low harmful effect, was
found to be zinc sulfate. In tests on
over 240 monkeys, this substance
rendered animals immune for one
month in 95 per cent of the cases,
and for two months in 75 per cent
of the cases.
Among the many searchers for a
method to check the toll of poliomy
elitis have been Professors E. W.
Schultz and L. P. Gebhardt, of the
Stanford University bacteriology de
partment.
Now, after eight years of constant
research, they, with other independ
ent workers, have reported the dis
covery of a "chemical block" to in
fantile paralysis. Establishing the
fact that the polio virus enters the
body only through the olfactory
nerves in the upper nose, they have
been searching for some substance
which would render those sensitive
nerve ends impregnable to the dis
ease.
Departing from previous research
in the development of a serum or
vaccine to check the disease, they
found that the virus, after entering
the nerve ends, follows the neurons
through the brain into the central
nervous system, principal control of
muscular movement. After finding
that monkeys whose olfactory nerve
endings had been destroyed were
immune to the disease, over forty
chemicals were tested in an attempt
to find an effective block to the en
trance of the virus.
The substance proving most effec
tive, with low harmful effect, was
found to be zinc sulfate. In tests on
over 240 monkeys, this substance
rendered animals immune for one
month in 95 per cent of the cases,
and for two months in 75 per cent
of the cases.
Among the many searchers for a
method to check the toll of poliomy
elitis have been Professors E. W.
Schultz and L. P. Gebhardt, of the
Stanford University bacteriology de
partment.
Now, after eight years of constant
research, they, with other independ
ent workers, have reported the dis
covery of a "chemical block" to in
fantile paralysis. Establishing the
fact that the polio virus enters the
body only through the olfactory
nerves in the upper nose, they have
been searching for some substance
which would render those sensitive
nerve ends impregnable to the dis
ease.
Departing from previous research
in the development of a serum or
vaccine to check the disease, they
found that the virus, after entering
the nerve ends, follows the neurons
through the brain into the central
nervous system, principal control of
muscular movement. After finding
that monkeys whose olfactory nerve
endings had been destroyed were
immune to the disease, over forty
chemicals were tested in an attempt
to find an effective block to the en
trance of the virus.
The substance proving most effec
tive, with low harmful effect, was
found to be zinc sulfate. In tests on
over 240 monkeys, this substance
rendered animals immune for one
month in 95 per cent of the cases,
and for two months in 75 per cent
of the cases.
Among the many searchers for a
method to check the toll of poliomy
elitis have been Professors E. W.
Schultz and L. P. Gebhardt, of the
Stanford University bacteriology de
partment.
Now, after eight years of constant
research, they, with other independ
ent workers, have reported the dis
covery of a "chemical block" to in
fantile paralysis. Establishing the
fact that the polio virus enters the
body only through the olfactory
nerves in the upper nose, they have
been searching for some substance
which would render those sensitive
nerve ends impregnable to the dis
ease.
Departing from previous research
in the development of a serum or
vaccine to check the disease, they
found that the virus, after entering
the nerve ends, follows the neurons
through the brain into the central
nervous system, principal control of
muscular movement. After finding
that monkeys whose olfactory nerve
endings had been destroyed were
immune to the disease, over forty
chemicals were tested in an attempt
to find an effective block to the en
trance of the virus.
The substance proving most effec
tive, with low harmful effect, was
found to be zinc sulfate. In tests on
over 240 monkeys, this substance
rendered animals immune for one
month in 95 per cent of the cases,
and for two months in 75 per cent
of the cases.
Among the many searchers for a
method to check the toll of poliomy
elitis have been Professors E. W.
Schultz and L. P. Gebhardt, of the
Stanford University bacteriology de
partment.
Now, after eight years of constant
research, they, with other independ
ent workers, have reported the dis
covery of a "chemical block" to in
fantile paralysis. Establishing the
fact that the polio virus enters the
body only through the olfactory
nerves in the upper nose, they have
been searching for some substance
which would render those sensitive
nerve ends impregnable to the dis
ease.
Departing from previous research
in the development of a serum or
vaccine to check the disease, they
found that the virus, after entering
the nerve ends, follows the neurons
through the brain into the central
nervous system, principal control of
muscular movement. After finding
that monkeys whose olfactory nerve
endings had been destroyed were
immune to the disease, over forty
chemicals were tested in an attempt
to find an effective block to the en
trance of the virus.
The substance proving most effec
tive, with low harmful effect, was
found to be zinc sulfate. In tests on
over 240 monkeys, this substance
rendered animals immune for one
month in 95 per cent of the cases,
and for two months in 75 per cent
of the cases.
Among the many searchers for a
method to check the toll of poliomy
elitis have been Professors E. W.
Schultz and L. P. Gebhardt, of the
Stanford University bacteriology de
partment.
Now, after eight years of constant
research, they, with other independ
ent workers, have reported the dis
covery of a "chemical block" to in
fantile paralysis. Establishing the
fact that the polio virus enters the
body only through the olfactory
nerves in the upper nose, they have
been searching for some substance
which would render those sensitive
nerve ends impregnable to the dis
ease.
Departing from previous research
in the development of a serum or
vaccine to check the disease, they
found that the virus, after entering
the nerve ends, follows the neurons
through the brain into the central
nervous system, principal control of
muscular movement. After finding
that monkeys whose olfactory nerve
endings had been destroyed were
immune to the disease, over forty
chemicals were tested in an attempt
to find an effective block to the en
trance of the virus.
The substance proving most effec
tive, with low harmful effect, was
found to be zinc sulfate. In tests on
over 240 monkeys, this substance
rendered animals immune for one
month in 95 per cent of the cases,
and for two months in 75 per cent
of the cases.
Among the many searchers for a
method to check the toll of poliomy
elitis have been Professors E. W.
Schultz and L. P. Gebhardt, of the
Stanford University bacteriology de
partment.
Now, after eight years of constant
research, they, with other independ
ent workers, have reported the dis
covery of a "chemical block" to in
fantile paralysis. Establishing the
fact that the polio virus enters the
body only through the olfactory
nerves in the upper nose, they have
been searching for some substance
which would render those sensitive
nerve ends impregnable to the dis
ease.
Departing from previous research
in the development of a serum or
vaccine to check the disease, they
found that the virus, after entering
the nerve ends, follows the neurons
through the brain into the central
nervous system, principal control of
muscular movement. After finding
that monkeys whose olfactory nerve
endings had been destroyed were
immune to the disease, over forty
chemicals were tested in an attempt
to find an effective block to the en
trance of the virus.
The substance proving most effec
tive, with low harmful effect, was
found to be zinc sulfate. In tests on
over 240 monkeys, this substance
rendered animals immune for one
month in 95 per cent of the cases,
and for two months in 75 per cent
of the cases.
Among the many searchers for a
method to check the toll of poliomy
elitis have been Professors E. W.
Schultz and L. P. Gebhardt, of the
Stanford University bacteriology de
partment.
Now, after eight years of constant
research, they, with other independ
ent workers, have reported the dis
covery of a "chemical block" to in
fantile paralysis. Establishing the
fact that the polio virus enters the
body only through the olfactory
nerves in the upper nose, they have
been searching for some substance
which would render those sensitive
nerve ends impregnable to the dis
ease.
Departing from previous research
in the development of a serum or
vaccine to check the disease, they
found that the virus, after entering
the nerve ends, follows the neurons
through the brain into the central
nervous system, principal control of
muscular movement. After finding
that monkeys whose olfactory nerve
endings had been destroyed were
immune to the disease, over forty
chemicals were tested in an attempt
to find an effective block to the en
trance of the virus.
The substance proving most effec
tive, with low harmful effect, was
found to be zinc sulfate. In tests on
over 240 monkeys, this substance
rendered animals immune for one
month in 95 per cent of the cases,
and for two months in 75 per cent
of the cases.
Among the many searchers for a
method to check the toll of poliomy
elitis have been Professors E. W.
Schultz and L. P. Gebhardt, of the
Stanford University bacteriology de
partment.
Now, after eight years of constant
research, they, with other independ
ent workers, have reported the dis
covery of a "chemical block" to in
fantile paralysis. Establishing the
fact that the polio virus enters the
body only through the olfactory
nerves in the upper nose, they have
been searching for some substance
which would render those sensitive
nerve ends impregnable to the dis
ease.
Departing from previous research
in the development of a serum or
vaccine to check the disease, they
found that the virus, after entering
the nerve ends, follows the neurons
through the brain into the central
nervous system, principal control of
muscular movement. After finding
that monkeys whose olfactory nerve
endings had been destroyed were
immune to the disease, over forty
chemicals were tested in an attempt
to find an effective block to the en
trance of the virus.
The substance proving most effec
tive, with low harmful effect, was
found to be zinc sulfate. In tests on
over 240 monkeys, this substance
rendered animals immune for one
month in 95 per cent of the cases,
and for two months in 75 per cent
of the cases.
Among the many searchers for a
method to check the toll of poliomy
elitis have been Professors E. W.
Schultz and L. P. Gebhardt, of the
Stanford University bacteriology de
partment.
Now, after eight years of constant
research, they, with other independ
ent workers, have reported the dis
covery of a "chemical block" to in
fantile paralysis. Establishing the
fact that the polio virus enters the
body only through the olfactory
nerves in the upper nose, they have
been searching for some substance
which would render those sensitive
nerve ends impregnable to the dis
ease.
Departing from previous research
in the development of a serum or
vaccine to check the disease, they
found that the virus, after entering
the nerve ends, follows the neurons
through the brain into the central
nervous system, principal control of
muscular movement. After finding
that monkeys whose olfactory nerve
endings had been destroyed were
immune to the disease, over forty
chemicals were tested in an attempt
to find an effective block to the en
trance of the virus.
The substance proving most effec
tive, with low harmful effect, was
found to be zinc sulfate. In tests on
over 240 monkeys, this substance
rendered animals immune for one
month in 95 per cent of the cases,
and for two months in 75 per cent
of the cases.
Among the many searchers for a
method to check the toll of poliomy
elitis have been Professors E. W.
Schultz and L. P. Gebhardt, of the
Stanford University bacteriology de
partment.
Now, after eight years of constant
research, they, with other independ
ent workers, have reported the dis
covery of a "chemical block" to in
fantile paralysis. Establishing the
fact that the polio virus enters the
body only through the olfactory
nerves in the upper nose, they have
been searching for some substance
which would render those sensitive
nerve ends impregnable to the dis
ease.
Departing from previous research
in the development of a serum or
vaccine to check the disease, they
found that the virus, after entering
the nerve ends, follows the neurons
through the brain into the central
nervous system, principal control of
muscular movement. After finding
that monkeys whose olfactory nerve
endings had been destroyed were
immune to the disease, over forty
chemicals were tested in an attempt
to find an effective block to the en
trance of the virus.
The substance proving most effec
tive, with low harmful effect, was
found to be zinc sulfate. In tests on
over 240 monkeys, this substance
rendered animals immune for one
month in 95 per cent of the cases,
and for two months in 75 per cent
of the cases.
Among the many searchers for a
method to check the toll of poliomy
elitis have been Professors E. W.
Schultz and L. P. Gebhardt, of the
Stanford University bacteriology de
partment.
Now, after eight years of constant
research, they, with other independ
ent workers, have reported the dis
covery of a "chemical block" to in
fantile paralysis. Establishing the
fact that the polio virus enters the
body only through the olfactory
nerves in the upper nose, they have
been searching for some substance
which would render those sensitive
nerve ends impregnable to the dis
ease.
Departing from previous research
in the development of a serum or
vaccine to check the disease, they
found that the virus, after entering
the nerve ends, follows the neurons
through the brain into the central
nervous system, principal control of
muscular movement. After finding
that monkeys whose olfactory nerve
endings had been destroyed were
immune to the disease, over forty
chemicals were tested in an attempt
to find an effective block to the en
trance of the virus.
The substance proving most effec
tive, with low harmful effect, was
found to be zinc sulfate. In tests on
over 240 monkeys, this substance
rendered animals immune for one
month in 95 per cent of the cases,
and for two months in 75 per cent
of the cases.
Among the many searchers for a
method to check the toll of poliomy
elitis have been Professors E. W.
Schultz and L. P. Gebhardt, of the
Stanford University bacteriology de
partment.
Now, after eight years of constant
research, they, with other independ
ent workers, have reported the dis
covery of a "chemical block" to in
fantile paralysis. Establishing the
fact that the polio virus enters the
body only through the olfactory
nerves in the upper nose, they have
been searching for some substance
which would render those sensitive
nerve ends impregnable to the dis
ease.
Departing from previous research
in the development of a serum or
vaccine to check the disease, they
found that the virus, after entering
the nerve ends, follows the neurons
through the brain into the central
nervous system, principal control of
muscular movement. After finding
that monkeys whose olfactory nerve
endings had been destroyed were
immune to the disease, over forty
chemicals were tested in an attempt
to find an effective block to the en
trance of the virus.
The substance proving most effec
tive, with low harmful effect, was
found to be zinc sulfate. In tests on
over 240 monkeys, this substance
rendered animals immune for one
month in 95 per cent of the cases,
and for two months in 75 per cent
of the cases.
Among the many searchers for a
method to check the toll of poliomy
elitis have been Professors E. W.
Schultz and L. P. Gebhardt, of the
Stanford University bacteriology de
partment.
Now, after eight years of constant
research, they, with other independ
ent workers, have reported the dis
covery of a "chemical block" to in
fantile paralysis. Establishing the
fact that the polio virus enters the
body only through the olfactory
nerves in the upper nose, they have
been searching for some substance
which would render those sensitive
nerve ends impregnable to the dis
ease.
Departing from previous research
in the development of a serum or
vaccine to check the disease, they
found that the virus, after entering
the nerve ends, follows the neurons
through the brain into the central
nervous system, principal control of
muscular movement. After finding
that monkeys whose olfactory nerve
endings had been destroyed were
immune to the disease, over forty
chemicals were tested in an attempt
to find an effective block to the en
trance of the virus.
The substance proving most effec
tive, with low harmful effect, was
found to be zinc sulfate. In tests on
over 240 monkeys, this substance
rendered animals immune for one
month in 95 per cent of the cases,
and for two months in 75 per cent
of the cases.
