# Farm Traditions Built On Democratic Spirit
## 
### 
"Let Stanford be a school where a
poor boy can receive an education."
So spoke Senator and Mrs. Stanford
as they conceived and built this Uni
versity. And that spirit of democ
racy has been the chief Stanford
tradition throughout its existence.
From this basic idea sprang the
"hello' tradition—speaking to pas
ser-bys on the Quad. And, too, with
the appearance of automobiles on the
campus, the practice of picking up
foot-weary students at English cor
ner or at the depot. It was also Mrs.
Stanford's request that there be no
smoking on the Quad, a wish which
has become a student body resolu
tion.
Through the years, traditions and
customs have come and gone, from
the wearing of "plug-uglies" to the
Frosh-Soph mud-fight, abandoned
last year. New traditions have
sprung up, some spontaneously, and
some through the activities of vari
ous organizations.
Such traditions as those built
about the Big Game—the rally, and
the burning of the huge, frosh-built
bonfire—fall into this class. Activi
ties connected with the spring Con

valescent Home Drive—the Masque
Ball, Labor Day, the Sophomore
Carnival, and the Junior Water Car
nival—have been united with a tra
dition of giving, one of Stanford's
finest.
The freshmen have their own cus
toms, such as the Pajamarino Rally
before the U.S.C. game. Tradition
ally they, and all women, are for
bidden to ascend the Law steps. The
right to wear cords is reserved for
upper classmen.
