# SENIOR SEES BOMBING
## 
### 
In the recent Shanghai bombing a
Stanford senior, Ellen Luigi Schmid,
barely escaped serious injury or
death when she witnessed the fracas
from the roof of the Cathay Hotel.
In the recent Shanghai bombing a
Stanford senior, Ellen Luigi Schmid,
barely escaped serious injury or
death when she witnessed the fracas
from the roof of the Cathay Hotel.
In the recent Shanghai bombing a
Stanford senior, Ellen Luigi Schmid,
barely escaped serious injury or
death when she witnessed the fracas
from the roof of the Cathay Hotel.
In the recent Shanghai bombing a
Stanford senior, Ellen Luigi Schmid,
barely escaped serious injury or
death when she witnessed the fracas
from the roof of the Cathay Hotel.
In the recent Shanghai bombing a
Stanford senior, Ellen Luigi Schmid,
barely escaped serious injury or
death when she witnessed the fracas
from the roof of the Cathay Hotel.
In the recent Shanghai bombing a
Stanford senior, Ellen Luigi Schmid,
barely escaped serious injury or
death when she witnessed the fracas
from the roof of the Cathay Hotel.
In the recent Shanghai bombing a
Stanford senior, Ellen Luigi Schmid,
barely escaped serious injury or
death when she witnessed the fracas
from the roof of the Cathay Hotel.
In the recent Shanghai bombing a
Stanford senior, Ellen Luigi Schmid,
barely escaped serious injury or
death when she witnessed the fracas
from the roof of the Cathay Hotel.
In the recent Shanghai bombing a
Stanford senior, Ellen Luigi Schmid,
barely escaped serious injury or
death when she witnessed the fracas
from the roof of the Cathay Hotel.
In the recent Shanghai bombing a
Stanford senior, Ellen Luigi Schmid,
barely escaped serious injury or
death when she witnessed the fracas
from the roof of the Cathay Hotel.
In the recent Shanghai bombing a
Stanford senior, Ellen Luigi Schmid,
barely escaped serious injury or
death when she witnessed the fracas
from the roof of the Cathay Hotel.
In the recent Shanghai bombing a
Stanford senior, Ellen Luigi Schmid,
barely escaped serious injury or
death when she witnessed the fracas
from the roof of the Cathay Hotel.
In the recent Shanghai bombing a
Stanford senior, Ellen Luigi Schmid,
barely escaped serious injury or
death when she witnessed the fracas
from the roof of the Cathay Hotel.
In the recent Shanghai bombing a
Stanford senior, Ellen Luigi Schmid,
barely escaped serious injury or
death when she witnessed the fracas
from the roof of the Cathay Hotel.
In the recent Shanghai bombing a
Stanford senior, Ellen Luigi Schmid,
barely escaped serious injury or
death when she witnessed the fracas
from the roof of the Cathay Hotel.
