# FARM RECORDS SAVED
## 
### 
Kept locked in a tiny room on the
second floor of the library is the
"Stanford Collection." This group, in
the form of records, student publica
tions, "treasure books," and photo
graphs, contains information about
the University, its founders, its fac
ulty, its students, and its campus.
Kept locked in a tiny room on the
second floor of the library is the
"Stanford Collection." This group, in
the form of records, student publica
tions, "treasure books," and photo
graphs, contains information about
the University, its founders, its fac
ulty, its students, and its campus.
Kept locked in a tiny room on the
second floor of the library is the
"Stanford Collection." This group, in
the form of records, student publica
tions, "treasure books," and photo
graphs, contains information about
the University, its founders, its fac
ulty, its students, and its campus.
Kept locked in a tiny room on the
second floor of the library is the
"Stanford Collection." This group, in
the form of records, student publica
tions, "treasure books," and photo
graphs, contains information about
the University, its founders, its fac
ulty, its students, and its campus.
Kept locked in a tiny room on the
second floor of the library is the
"Stanford Collection." This group, in
the form of records, student publica
tions, "treasure books," and photo
graphs, contains information about
the University, its founders, its fac
ulty, its students, and its campus.
Kept locked in a tiny room on the
second floor of the library is the
"Stanford Collection." This group, in
the form of records, student publica
tions, "treasure books," and photo
graphs, contains information about
the University, its founders, its fac
ulty, its students, and its campus.
Kept locked in a tiny room on the
second floor of the library is the
"Stanford Collection." This group, in
the form of records, student publica
tions, "treasure books," and photo
graphs, contains information about
the University, its founders, its fac
ulty, its students, and its campus.
Kept locked in a tiny room on the
second floor of the library is the
"Stanford Collection." This group, in
the form of records, student publica
tions, "treasure books," and photo
graphs, contains information about
the University, its founders, its fac
ulty, its students, and its campus.
Kept locked in a tiny room on the
second floor of the library is the
"Stanford Collection." This group, in
the form of records, student publica
tions, "treasure books," and photo
graphs, contains information about
the University, its founders, its fac
ulty, its students, and its campus.
Kept locked in a tiny room on the
second floor of the library is the
"Stanford Collection." This group, in
the form of records, student publica
tions, "treasure books," and photo
graphs, contains information about
the University, its founders, its fac
ulty, its students, and its campus.
Kept locked in a tiny room on the
second floor of the library is the
"Stanford Collection." This group, in
the form of records, student publica
tions, "treasure books," and photo
graphs, contains information about
the University, its founders, its fac
ulty, its students, and its campus.
Kept locked in a tiny room on the
second floor of the library is the
"Stanford Collection." This group, in
the form of records, student publica
tions, "treasure books," and photo
graphs, contains information about
the University, its founders, its fac
ulty, its students, and its campus.
Kept locked in a tiny room on the
second floor of the library is the
"Stanford Collection." This group, in
the form of records, student publica
tions, "treasure books," and photo
graphs, contains information about
the University, its founders, its fac
ulty, its students, and its campus.
Kept locked in a tiny room on the
second floor of the library is the
"Stanford Collection." This group, in
the form of records, student publica
tions, "treasure books," and photo
graphs, contains information about
the University, its founders, its fac
ulty, its students, and its campus.
Kept locked in a tiny room on the
second floor of the library is the
"Stanford Collection." This group, in
the form of records, student publica
tions, "treasure books," and photo
graphs, contains information about
the University, its founders, its fac
ulty, its students, and its campus.
