# FROSH BOOTS 'EM
## 
### 
Thor Peterson, highly - touted
froshman footballer from Hoaquiam,
Washington, won a punting contest
with teammates Wednesday when he
averaged 54 yards from scrimmage
on 12 punts. His average getaway
time was 1.9 seconds per kick.
Charley Gehringer, Tiger second
baseman, once flipped a coin to
rhnnse between farming and base
ball.
Thor Peterson, highly - touted
froshman footballer from Hoaquiam,
Washington, won a punting contest
with teammates Wednesday when he
averaged 54 yards from scrimmage
on 12 punts. His average getaway
time was 1.9 seconds per kick.
Charley Gehringer, Tiger second
baseman, once flipped a coin to
rhnnse between farming and base
ball.
Thor Peterson, highly - touted
froshman footballer from Hoaquiam,
Washington, won a punting contest
with teammates Wednesday when he
averaged 54 yards from scrimmage
on 12 punts. His average getaway
time was 1.9 seconds per kick.
Charley Gehringer, Tiger second
baseman, once flipped a coin to
rhnnse between farming and base
ball.
Thor Peterson, highly - touted
froshman footballer from Hoaquiam,
Washington, won a punting contest
with teammates Wednesday when he
averaged 54 yards from scrimmage
on 12 punts. His average getaway
time was 1.9 seconds per kick.
Charley Gehringer, Tiger second
baseman, once flipped a coin to
rhnnse between farming and base
ball.
Thor Peterson, highly - touted
froshman footballer from Hoaquiam,
Washington, won a punting contest
with teammates Wednesday when he
averaged 54 yards from scrimmage
on 12 punts. His average getaway
time was 1.9 seconds per kick.
Charley Gehringer, Tiger second
baseman, once flipped a coin to
rhnnse between farming and base
ball.
Thor Peterson, highly - touted
froshman footballer from Hoaquiam,
Washington, won a punting contest
with teammates Wednesday when he
averaged 54 yards from scrimmage
on 12 punts. His average getaway
time was 1.9 seconds per kick.
Charley Gehringer, Tiger second
baseman, once flipped a coin to
rhnnse between farming and base
ball.
Thor Peterson, highly - touted
froshman footballer from Hoaquiam,
Washington, won a punting contest
with teammates Wednesday when he
averaged 54 yards from scrimmage
on 12 punts. His average getaway
time was 1.9 seconds per kick.
Charley Gehringer, Tiger second
baseman, once flipped a coin to
rhnnse between farming and base
ball.
Thor Peterson, highly - touted
froshman footballer from Hoaquiam,
Washington, won a punting contest
with teammates Wednesday when he
averaged 54 yards from scrimmage
on 12 punts. His average getaway
time was 1.9 seconds per kick.
Charley Gehringer, Tiger second
baseman, once flipped a coin to
rhnnse between farming and base
ball.
Thor Peterson, highly - touted
froshman footballer from Hoaquiam,
Washington, won a punting contest
with teammates Wednesday when he
averaged 54 yards from scrimmage
on 12 punts. His average getaway
time was 1.9 seconds per kick.
Charley Gehringer, Tiger second
baseman, once flipped a coin to
rhnnse between farming and base
ball.
Thor Peterson, highly - touted
froshman footballer from Hoaquiam,
Washington, won a punting contest
with teammates Wednesday when he
averaged 54 yards from scrimmage
on 12 punts. His average getaway
time was 1.9 seconds per kick.
Charley Gehringer, Tiger second
baseman, once flipped a coin to
rhnnse between farming and base
ball.
Thor Peterson, highly - touted
froshman footballer from Hoaquiam,
Washington, won a punting contest
with teammates Wednesday when he
averaged 54 yards from scrimmage
on 12 punts. His average getaway
time was 1.9 seconds per kick.
Charley Gehringer, Tiger second
baseman, once flipped a coin to
rhnnse between farming and base
ball.
Thor Peterson, highly - touted
froshman footballer from Hoaquiam,
Washington, won a punting contest
with teammates Wednesday when he
averaged 54 yards from scrimmage
on 12 punts. His average getaway
time was 1.9 seconds per kick.
Charley Gehringer, Tiger second
baseman, once flipped a coin to
rhnnse between farming and base
ball.
Thor Peterson, highly - touted
froshman footballer from Hoaquiam,
Washington, won a punting contest
with teammates Wednesday when he
averaged 54 yards from scrimmage
on 12 punts. His average getaway
time was 1.9 seconds per kick.
Charley Gehringer, Tiger second
baseman, once flipped a coin to
rhnnse between farming and base
ball.
Thor Peterson, highly - touted
froshman footballer from Hoaquiam,
Washington, won a punting contest
with teammates Wednesday when he
averaged 54 yards from scrimmage
on 12 punts. His average getaway
time was 1.9 seconds per kick.
Charley Gehringer, Tiger second
baseman, once flipped a coin to
rhnnse between farming and base
ball.
Thor Peterson, highly - touted
froshman footballer from Hoaquiam,
Washington, won a punting contest
with teammates Wednesday when he
averaged 54 yards from scrimmage
on 12 punts. His average getaway
time was 1.9 seconds per kick.
Charley Gehringer, Tiger second
baseman, once flipped a coin to
rhnnse between farming and base
ball.
