# "DOODLES" IN MOVIES
## 
### 
Winstead "Doodles" Weaver, long
time campus funnyman and star of
many Big Game Gaieties, is now act
ing in the movies. One of the cur
rent pictures in which Weaver ap
pears is "Topper."
Winstead "Doodles" Weaver, long
time campus funnyman and star of
many Big Game Gaieties, is now act
ing in the movies. One of the cur
rent pictures in which Weaver ap
pears is "Topper."
Winstead "Doodles" Weaver, long
time campus funnyman and star of
many Big Game Gaieties, is now act
ing in the movies. One of the cur
rent pictures in which Weaver ap
pears is "Topper."
Winstead "Doodles" Weaver, long
time campus funnyman and star of
many Big Game Gaieties, is now act
ing in the movies. One of the cur
rent pictures in which Weaver ap
pears is "Topper."
Winstead "Doodles" Weaver, long
time campus funnyman and star of
many Big Game Gaieties, is now act
ing in the movies. One of the cur
rent pictures in which Weaver ap
pears is "Topper."
Winstead "Doodles" Weaver, long
time campus funnyman and star of
many Big Game Gaieties, is now act
ing in the movies. One of the cur
rent pictures in which Weaver ap
pears is "Topper."
Winstead "Doodles" Weaver, long
time campus funnyman and star of
many Big Game Gaieties, is now act
ing in the movies. One of the cur
rent pictures in which Weaver ap
pears is "Topper."
Winstead "Doodles" Weaver, long
time campus funnyman and star of
many Big Game Gaieties, is now act
ing in the movies. One of the cur
rent pictures in which Weaver ap
pears is "Topper."
Winstead "Doodles" Weaver, long
time campus funnyman and star of
many Big Game Gaieties, is now act
ing in the movies. One of the cur
rent pictures in which Weaver ap
pears is "Topper."
Winstead "Doodles" Weaver, long
time campus funnyman and star of
many Big Game Gaieties, is now act
ing in the movies. One of the cur
rent pictures in which Weaver ap
pears is "Topper."
Winstead "Doodles" Weaver, long
time campus funnyman and star of
many Big Game Gaieties, is now act
ing in the movies. One of the cur
rent pictures in which Weaver ap
pears is "Topper."
Winstead "Doodles" Weaver, long
time campus funnyman and star of
many Big Game Gaieties, is now act
ing in the movies. One of the cur
rent pictures in which Weaver ap
pears is "Topper."
Winstead "Doodles" Weaver, long
time campus funnyman and star of
many Big Game Gaieties, is now act
ing in the movies. One of the cur
rent pictures in which Weaver ap
pears is "Topper."
Winstead "Doodles" Weaver, long
time campus funnyman and star of
many Big Game Gaieties, is now act
ing in the movies. One of the cur
rent pictures in which Weaver ap
pears is "Topper."
Winstead "Doodles" Weaver, long
time campus funnyman and star of
many Big Game Gaieties, is now act
ing in the movies. One of the cur
rent pictures in which Weaver ap
pears is "Topper."
