# Untitled Article
## 
### 
President Elliott, together with ten
other prominent educators, has in prep
aration an exhaustive work on the re
lation between college aud preparatory
schools. When completed this will
probably be the most important treatise
of the kind ever published.
President Elliott, together with ten
other prominent educators, has in prep
aration an exhaustive work on the re
lation between college aud preparatory
schools. When completed this will
probably be the most important treatise
of the kind ever published.
President Elliott, together with ten
other prominent educators, has in prep
aration an exhaustive work on the re
lation between college aud preparatory
schools. When completed this will
probably be the most important treatise
of the kind ever published.
