# SARRON WINS DECISION
## 
### 
MOBILE, Ala., April 12 (UP). —
Petcy Snrron, former world's feath
erweight champion, last night won a
newspaper decision over Jnie Green,
New York lightweight, in a 10-
round bout.

The Gothic cathedral at Seville,
Spain, was begun in 1401 and re
quired more than a century in
building, with workmen constantly
on the job.
MOBILE, Ala., April 12 (UP). —
Petcy Snrron, former world's feath
erweight champion, last night won a
newspaper decision over Jnie Green,
New York lightweight, in a 10-
round bout.

The Gothic cathedral at Seville,
Spain, was begun in 1401 and re
quired more than a century in
building, with workmen constantly
on the job.
MOBILE, Ala., April 12 (UP). —
Petcy Snrron, former world's feath
erweight champion, last night won a
newspaper decision over Jnie Green,
New York lightweight, in a 10-
round bout.

The Gothic cathedral at Seville,
Spain, was begun in 1401 and re
quired more than a century in
building, with workmen constantly
on the job.
MOBILE, Ala., April 12 (UP). —
Petcy Snrron, former world's feath
erweight champion, last night won a
newspaper decision over Jnie Green,
New York lightweight, in a 10-
round bout.

The Gothic cathedral at Seville,
Spain, was begun in 1401 and re
quired more than a century in
building, with workmen constantly
on the job.
MOBILE, Ala., April 12 (UP). —
Petcy Snrron, former world's feath
erweight champion, last night won a
newspaper decision over Jnie Green,
New York lightweight, in a 10-
round bout.

The Gothic cathedral at Seville,
Spain, was begun in 1401 and re
quired more than a century in
building, with workmen constantly
on the job.
MOBILE, Ala., April 12 (UP). —
Petcy Snrron, former world's feath
erweight champion, last night won a
newspaper decision over Jnie Green,
New York lightweight, in a 10-
round bout.

The Gothic cathedral at Seville,
Spain, was begun in 1401 and re
quired more than a century in
building, with workmen constantly
on the job.
MOBILE, Ala., April 12 (UP). —
Petcy Snrron, former world's feath
erweight champion, last night won a
newspaper decision over Jnie Green,
New York lightweight, in a 10-
round bout.

The Gothic cathedral at Seville,
Spain, was begun in 1401 and re
quired more than a century in
building, with workmen constantly
on the job.
MOBILE, Ala., April 12 (UP). —
Petcy Snrron, former world's feath
erweight champion, last night won a
newspaper decision over Jnie Green,
New York lightweight, in a 10-
round bout.

The Gothic cathedral at Seville,
Spain, was begun in 1401 and re
quired more than a century in
building, with workmen constantly
on the job.
MOBILE, Ala., April 12 (UP). —
Petcy Snrron, former world's feath
erweight champion, last night won a
newspaper decision over Jnie Green,
New York lightweight, in a 10-
round bout.

The Gothic cathedral at Seville,
Spain, was begun in 1401 and re
quired more than a century in
building, with workmen constantly
on the job.
MOBILE, Ala., April 12 (UP). —
Petcy Snrron, former world's feath
erweight champion, last night won a
newspaper decision over Jnie Green,
New York lightweight, in a 10-
round bout.

The Gothic cathedral at Seville,
Spain, was begun in 1401 and re
quired more than a century in
building, with workmen constantly
on the job.
MOBILE, Ala., April 12 (UP). —
Petcy Snrron, former world's feath
erweight champion, last night won a
newspaper decision over Jnie Green,
New York lightweight, in a 10-
round bout.

The Gothic cathedral at Seville,
Spain, was begun in 1401 and re
quired more than a century in
building, with workmen constantly
on the job.
MOBILE, Ala., April 12 (UP). —
Petcy Snrron, former world's feath
erweight champion, last night won a
newspaper decision over Jnie Green,
New York lightweight, in a 10-
round bout.

The Gothic cathedral at Seville,
Spain, was begun in 1401 and re
quired more than a century in
building, with workmen constantly
on the job.
MOBILE, Ala., April 12 (UP). —
Petcy Snrron, former world's feath
erweight champion, last night won a
newspaper decision over Jnie Green,
New York lightweight, in a 10-
round bout.

The Gothic cathedral at Seville,
Spain, was begun in 1401 and re
quired more than a century in
building, with workmen constantly
on the job.
MOBILE, Ala., April 12 (UP). —
Petcy Snrron, former world's feath
erweight champion, last night won a
newspaper decision over Jnie Green,
New York lightweight, in a 10-
round bout.

The Gothic cathedral at Seville,
Spain, was begun in 1401 and re
quired more than a century in
building, with workmen constantly
on the job.
MOBILE, Ala., April 12 (UP). —
Petcy Snrron, former world's feath
erweight champion, last night won a
newspaper decision over Jnie Green,
New York lightweight, in a 10-
round bout.

The Gothic cathedral at Seville,
Spain, was begun in 1401 and re
quired more than a century in
building, with workmen constantly
on the job.
