# Fruit Industries Face Price Charge
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12 (UP).
—National Labor Relations Board
attorneys sought to show in ques
tioning today that California fruit
and vegetable canning industry
firms operate as a monopoly and fix
prices.
Harrison S. Robinson, managing
director of the Canners Industries
Board, was questioned by J. T. Mc-
Ternan, N.L.R.B. attorney, during a
hearing of C.1.0. cannery workers'
complaints.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12 (UP).
—National Labor Relations Board
attorneys sought to show in ques
tioning today that California fruit
and vegetable canning industry
firms operate as a monopoly and fix
prices.
Harrison S. Robinson, managing
director of the Canners Industries
Board, was questioned by J. T. Mc-
Ternan, N.L.R.B. attorney, during a
hearing of C.1.0. cannery workers'
complaints.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12 (UP).
—National Labor Relations Board
attorneys sought to show in ques
tioning today that California fruit
and vegetable canning industry
firms operate as a monopoly and fix
prices.
Harrison S. Robinson, managing
director of the Canners Industries
Board, was questioned by J. T. Mc-
Ternan, N.L.R.B. attorney, during a
hearing of C.1.0. cannery workers'
complaints.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12 (UP).
—National Labor Relations Board
attorneys sought to show in ques
tioning today that California fruit
and vegetable canning industry
firms operate as a monopoly and fix
prices.
Harrison S. Robinson, managing
director of the Canners Industries
Board, was questioned by J. T. Mc-
Ternan, N.L.R.B. attorney, during a
hearing of C.1.0. cannery workers'
complaints.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12 (UP).
—National Labor Relations Board
attorneys sought to show in ques
tioning today that California fruit
and vegetable canning industry
firms operate as a monopoly and fix
prices.
Harrison S. Robinson, managing
director of the Canners Industries
Board, was questioned by J. T. Mc-
Ternan, N.L.R.B. attorney, during a
hearing of C.1.0. cannery workers'
complaints.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12 (UP).
—National Labor Relations Board
attorneys sought to show in ques
tioning today that California fruit
and vegetable canning industry
firms operate as a monopoly and fix
prices.
Harrison S. Robinson, managing
director of the Canners Industries
Board, was questioned by J. T. Mc-
Ternan, N.L.R.B. attorney, during a
hearing of C.1.0. cannery workers'
complaints.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12 (UP).
—National Labor Relations Board
attorneys sought to show in ques
tioning today that California fruit
and vegetable canning industry
firms operate as a monopoly and fix
prices.
Harrison S. Robinson, managing
director of the Canners Industries
Board, was questioned by J. T. Mc-
Ternan, N.L.R.B. attorney, during a
hearing of C.1.0. cannery workers'
complaints.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12 (UP).
—National Labor Relations Board
attorneys sought to show in ques
tioning today that California fruit
and vegetable canning industry
firms operate as a monopoly and fix
prices.
Harrison S. Robinson, managing
director of the Canners Industries
Board, was questioned by J. T. Mc-
Ternan, N.L.R.B. attorney, during a
hearing of C.1.0. cannery workers'
complaints.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12 (UP).
—National Labor Relations Board
attorneys sought to show in ques
tioning today that California fruit
and vegetable canning industry
firms operate as a monopoly and fix
prices.
Harrison S. Robinson, managing
director of the Canners Industries
Board, was questioned by J. T. Mc-
Ternan, N.L.R.B. attorney, during a
hearing of C.1.0. cannery workers'
complaints.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12 (UP).
—National Labor Relations Board
attorneys sought to show in ques
tioning today that California fruit
and vegetable canning industry
firms operate as a monopoly and fix
prices.
Harrison S. Robinson, managing
director of the Canners Industries
Board, was questioned by J. T. Mc-
Ternan, N.L.R.B. attorney, during a
hearing of C.1.0. cannery workers'
complaints.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12 (UP).
—National Labor Relations Board
attorneys sought to show in ques
tioning today that California fruit
and vegetable canning industry
firms operate as a monopoly and fix
prices.
Harrison S. Robinson, managing
director of the Canners Industries
Board, was questioned by J. T. Mc-
Ternan, N.L.R.B. attorney, during a
hearing of C.1.0. cannery workers'
complaints.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12 (UP).
—National Labor Relations Board
attorneys sought to show in ques
tioning today that California fruit
and vegetable canning industry
firms operate as a monopoly and fix
prices.
Harrison S. Robinson, managing
director of the Canners Industries
Board, was questioned by J. T. Mc-
Ternan, N.L.R.B. attorney, during a
hearing of C.1.0. cannery workers'
complaints.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12 (UP).
—National Labor Relations Board
attorneys sought to show in ques
tioning today that California fruit
and vegetable canning industry
firms operate as a monopoly and fix
prices.
Harrison S. Robinson, managing
director of the Canners Industries
Board, was questioned by J. T. Mc-
Ternan, N.L.R.B. attorney, during a
hearing of C.1.0. cannery workers'
complaints.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12 (UP).
—National Labor Relations Board
attorneys sought to show in ques
tioning today that California fruit
and vegetable canning industry
firms operate as a monopoly and fix
prices.
Harrison S. Robinson, managing
director of the Canners Industries
Board, was questioned by J. T. Mc-
Ternan, N.L.R.B. attorney, during a
hearing of C.1.0. cannery workers'
complaints.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12 (UP).
—National Labor Relations Board
attorneys sought to show in ques
tioning today that California fruit
and vegetable canning industry
firms operate as a monopoly and fix
prices.
Harrison S. Robinson, managing
director of the Canners Industries
Board, was questioned by J. T. Mc-
Ternan, N.L.R.B. attorney, during a
hearing of C.1.0. cannery workers'
complaints.
