# Shortstop Heads Coast Hitters
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12 (UP).
—Fifteen hits in 39 times at bat gave
Tom Carey, Hollywood shortstop,
top ranking in Pacific Coast League
batting averages as the league turn
ed into another week Tuesday.
Carey's hitting of .450 helped
Hollywood get to the top of the
league in the first 10 games with a
percentage of .700. Los Angeles,
Seattle, and Portland were in the
.600 bracket, Sacramento and San
Diego were in the middle with .500
each while San Francisco, at .300
and Oakland, with .200, tagged be
hind.
Lenny Gabrielson, Seattle first
baseman, took second place in the
batting averages compiled by Wil
liam McKee, San Francisco statis
tician, at .394. Other leaders were
Rosenberg, Portland, .390; Joe Cos
carart, Hollywood, .371; and Johnny
Frederick, Portladn, .361.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12 (UP).
—Fifteen hits in 39 times at bat gave
Tom Carey, Hollywood shortstop,
top ranking in Pacific Coast League
batting averages as the league turn
ed into another week Tuesday.
Carey's hitting of .450 helped
Hollywood get to the top of the
league in the first 10 games with a
percentage of .700. Los Angeles,
Seattle, and Portland were in the
.600 bracket, Sacramento and San
Diego were in the middle with .500
each while San Francisco, at .300
and Oakland, with .200, tagged be
hind.
Lenny Gabrielson, Seattle first
baseman, took second place in the
batting averages compiled by Wil
liam McKee, San Francisco statis
tician, at .394. Other leaders were
Rosenberg, Portland, .390; Joe Cos
carart, Hollywood, .371; and Johnny
Frederick, Portladn, .361.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12 (UP).
—Fifteen hits in 39 times at bat gave
Tom Carey, Hollywood shortstop,
top ranking in Pacific Coast League
batting averages as the league turn
ed into another week Tuesday.
Carey's hitting of .450 helped
Hollywood get to the top of the
league in the first 10 games with a
percentage of .700. Los Angeles,
Seattle, and Portland were in the
.600 bracket, Sacramento and San
Diego were in the middle with .500
each while San Francisco, at .300
and Oakland, with .200, tagged be
hind.
Lenny Gabrielson, Seattle first
baseman, took second place in the
batting averages compiled by Wil
liam McKee, San Francisco statis
tician, at .394. Other leaders were
Rosenberg, Portland, .390; Joe Cos
carart, Hollywood, .371; and Johnny
Frederick, Portladn, .361.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12 (UP).
—Fifteen hits in 39 times at bat gave
Tom Carey, Hollywood shortstop,
top ranking in Pacific Coast League
batting averages as the league turn
ed into another week Tuesday.
Carey's hitting of .450 helped
Hollywood get to the top of the
league in the first 10 games with a
percentage of .700. Los Angeles,
Seattle, and Portland were in the
.600 bracket, Sacramento and San
Diego were in the middle with .500
each while San Francisco, at .300
and Oakland, with .200, tagged be
hind.
Lenny Gabrielson, Seattle first
baseman, took second place in the
batting averages compiled by Wil
liam McKee, San Francisco statis
tician, at .394. Other leaders were
Rosenberg, Portland, .390; Joe Cos
carart, Hollywood, .371; and Johnny
Frederick, Portladn, .361.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12 (UP).
—Fifteen hits in 39 times at bat gave
Tom Carey, Hollywood shortstop,
top ranking in Pacific Coast League
batting averages as the league turn
ed into another week Tuesday.
Carey's hitting of .450 helped
Hollywood get to the top of the
league in the first 10 games with a
percentage of .700. Los Angeles,
Seattle, and Portland were in the
.600 bracket, Sacramento and San
Diego were in the middle with .500
each while San Francisco, at .300
and Oakland, with .200, tagged be
hind.
Lenny Gabrielson, Seattle first
baseman, took second place in the
batting averages compiled by Wil
liam McKee, San Francisco statis
tician, at .394. Other leaders were
Rosenberg, Portland, .390; Joe Cos
carart, Hollywood, .371; and Johnny
Frederick, Portladn, .361.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12 (UP).
—Fifteen hits in 39 times at bat gave
Tom Carey, Hollywood shortstop,
top ranking in Pacific Coast League
batting averages as the league turn
ed into another week Tuesday.
Carey's hitting of .450 helped
Hollywood get to the top of the
league in the first 10 games with a
percentage of .700. Los Angeles,
Seattle, and Portland were in the
.600 bracket, Sacramento and San
Diego were in the middle with .500
each while San Francisco, at .300
and Oakland, with .200, tagged be
hind.
Lenny Gabrielson, Seattle first
baseman, took second place in the
batting averages compiled by Wil
liam McKee, San Francisco statis
tician, at .394. Other leaders were
Rosenberg, Portland, .390; Joe Cos
carart, Hollywood, .371; and Johnny
Frederick, Portladn, .361.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12 (UP).
—Fifteen hits in 39 times at bat gave
Tom Carey, Hollywood shortstop,
top ranking in Pacific Coast League
batting averages as the league turn
ed into another week Tuesday.
Carey's hitting of .450 helped
Hollywood get to the top of the
league in the first 10 games with a
percentage of .700. Los Angeles,
Seattle, and Portland were in the
.600 bracket, Sacramento and San
Diego were in the middle with .500
each while San Francisco, at .300
and Oakland, with .200, tagged be
hind.
Lenny Gabrielson, Seattle first
baseman, took second place in the
batting averages compiled by Wil
liam McKee, San Francisco statis
tician, at .394. Other leaders were
Rosenberg, Portland, .390; Joe Cos
carart, Hollywood, .371; and Johnny
Frederick, Portladn, .361.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12 (UP).
—Fifteen hits in 39 times at bat gave
Tom Carey, Hollywood shortstop,
top ranking in Pacific Coast League
batting averages as the league turn
ed into another week Tuesday.
Carey's hitting of .450 helped
Hollywood get to the top of the
league in the first 10 games with a
percentage of .700. Los Angeles,
Seattle, and Portland were in the
.600 bracket, Sacramento and San
Diego were in the middle with .500
each while San Francisco, at .300
and Oakland, with .200, tagged be
hind.
Lenny Gabrielson, Seattle first
baseman, took second place in the
batting averages compiled by Wil
liam McKee, San Francisco statis
tician, at .394. Other leaders were
Rosenberg, Portland, .390; Joe Cos
carart, Hollywood, .371; and Johnny
Frederick, Portladn, .361.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12 (UP).
—Fifteen hits in 39 times at bat gave
Tom Carey, Hollywood shortstop,
top ranking in Pacific Coast League
batting averages as the league turn
ed into another week Tuesday.
Carey's hitting of .450 helped
Hollywood get to the top of the
league in the first 10 games with a
percentage of .700. Los Angeles,
Seattle, and Portland were in the
.600 bracket, Sacramento and San
Diego were in the middle with .500
each while San Francisco, at .300
and Oakland, with .200, tagged be
hind.
Lenny Gabrielson, Seattle first
baseman, took second place in the
batting averages compiled by Wil
liam McKee, San Francisco statis
tician, at .394. Other leaders were
Rosenberg, Portland, .390; Joe Cos
carart, Hollywood, .371; and Johnny
Frederick, Portladn, .361.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12 (UP).
—Fifteen hits in 39 times at bat gave
Tom Carey, Hollywood shortstop,
top ranking in Pacific Coast League
batting averages as the league turn
ed into another week Tuesday.
Carey's hitting of .450 helped
Hollywood get to the top of the
league in the first 10 games with a
percentage of .700. Los Angeles,
Seattle, and Portland were in the
.600 bracket, Sacramento and San
Diego were in the middle with .500
each while San Francisco, at .300
and Oakland, with .200, tagged be
hind.
Lenny Gabrielson, Seattle first
baseman, took second place in the
batting averages compiled by Wil
liam McKee, San Francisco statis
tician, at .394. Other leaders were
Rosenberg, Portland, .390; Joe Cos
carart, Hollywood, .371; and Johnny
Frederick, Portladn, .361.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12 (UP).
—Fifteen hits in 39 times at bat gave
Tom Carey, Hollywood shortstop,
top ranking in Pacific Coast League
batting averages as the league turn
ed into another week Tuesday.
Carey's hitting of .450 helped
Hollywood get to the top of the
league in the first 10 games with a
percentage of .700. Los Angeles,
Seattle, and Portland were in the
.600 bracket, Sacramento and San
Diego were in the middle with .500
each while San Francisco, at .300
and Oakland, with .200, tagged be
hind.
Lenny Gabrielson, Seattle first
baseman, took second place in the
batting averages compiled by Wil
liam McKee, San Francisco statis
tician, at .394. Other leaders were
Rosenberg, Portland, .390; Joe Cos
carart, Hollywood, .371; and Johnny
Frederick, Portladn, .361.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12 (UP).
—Fifteen hits in 39 times at bat gave
Tom Carey, Hollywood shortstop,
top ranking in Pacific Coast League
batting averages as the league turn
ed into another week Tuesday.
Carey's hitting of .450 helped
Hollywood get to the top of the
league in the first 10 games with a
percentage of .700. Los Angeles,
Seattle, and Portland were in the
.600 bracket, Sacramento and San
Diego were in the middle with .500
each while San Francisco, at .300
and Oakland, with .200, tagged be
hind.
Lenny Gabrielson, Seattle first
baseman, took second place in the
batting averages compiled by Wil
liam McKee, San Francisco statis
tician, at .394. Other leaders were
Rosenberg, Portland, .390; Joe Cos
carart, Hollywood, .371; and Johnny
Frederick, Portladn, .361.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12 (UP).
—Fifteen hits in 39 times at bat gave
Tom Carey, Hollywood shortstop,
top ranking in Pacific Coast League
batting averages as the league turn
ed into another week Tuesday.
Carey's hitting of .450 helped
Hollywood get to the top of the
league in the first 10 games with a
percentage of .700. Los Angeles,
Seattle, and Portland were in the
.600 bracket, Sacramento and San
Diego were in the middle with .500
each while San Francisco, at .300
and Oakland, with .200, tagged be
hind.
Lenny Gabrielson, Seattle first
baseman, took second place in the
batting averages compiled by Wil
liam McKee, San Francisco statis
tician, at .394. Other leaders were
Rosenberg, Portland, .390; Joe Cos
carart, Hollywood, .371; and Johnny
Frederick, Portladn, .361.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12 (UP).
—Fifteen hits in 39 times at bat gave
Tom Carey, Hollywood shortstop,
top ranking in Pacific Coast League
batting averages as the league turn
ed into another week Tuesday.
Carey's hitting of .450 helped
Hollywood get to the top of the
league in the first 10 games with a
percentage of .700. Los Angeles,
Seattle, and Portland were in the
.600 bracket, Sacramento and San
Diego were in the middle with .500
each while San Francisco, at .300
and Oakland, with .200, tagged be
hind.
Lenny Gabrielson, Seattle first
baseman, took second place in the
batting averages compiled by Wil
liam McKee, San Francisco statis
tician, at .394. Other leaders were
Rosenberg, Portland, .390; Joe Cos
carart, Hollywood, .371; and Johnny
Frederick, Portladn, .361.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12 (UP).
—Fifteen hits in 39 times at bat gave
Tom Carey, Hollywood shortstop,
top ranking in Pacific Coast League
batting averages as the league turn
ed into another week Tuesday.
Carey's hitting of .450 helped
Hollywood get to the top of the
league in the first 10 games with a
percentage of .700. Los Angeles,
Seattle, and Portland were in the
.600 bracket, Sacramento and San
Diego were in the middle with .500
each while San Francisco, at .300
and Oakland, with .200, tagged be
hind.
Lenny Gabrielson, Seattle first
baseman, took second place in the
batting averages compiled by Wil
liam McKee, San Francisco statis
tician, at .394. Other leaders were
Rosenberg, Portland, .390; Joe Cos
carart, Hollywood, .371; and Johnny
Frederick, Portladn, .361.
