# Adv. 19 Page 8
## 
### 
TOBACCO PROMOTION
and CORPORATE
RESPONSIBILITY
A discussion of social issues
involved in tobacco marketing,
including lawsuits against
cigarette companies, the
proposed ban on tobacco
advertising, subsidies, and
taxation.
When:
THURSDAY, FEB. 27
at 12:00 NOON
Where:
GRADUATE SCHOOL of
BUSINESS, ROOM 49
Presented by the Health
Advocacy Center
Days
like
these
demand!
The
Daily
TOBACCO PROMOTION
and CORPORATE
RESPONSIBILITY
A discussion of social issues
involved in tobacco marketing,
including lawsuits against
cigarette companies, the
proposed ban on tobacco
advertising, subsidies, and
taxation.
When:
THURSDAY, FEB. 27
at 12:00 NOON
Where:
GRADUATE SCHOOL of
BUSINESS, ROOM 49
Presented by the Health
Advocacy Center
Days
like
these
demand!
The
Daily
TOBACCO PROMOTION
and CORPORATE
RESPONSIBILITY
A discussion of social issues
involved in tobacco marketing,
including lawsuits against
cigarette companies, the
proposed ban on tobacco
advertising, subsidies, and
taxation.
When:
THURSDAY, FEB. 27
at 12:00 NOON
Where:
GRADUATE SCHOOL of
BUSINESS, ROOM 49
Presented by the Health
Advocacy Center
Days
like
these
demand!
The
Daily
TOBACCO PROMOTION
and CORPORATE
RESPONSIBILITY
A discussion of social issues
involved in tobacco marketing,
including lawsuits against
cigarette companies, the
proposed ban on tobacco
advertising, subsidies, and
taxation.
When:
THURSDAY, FEB. 27
at 12:00 NOON
Where:
GRADUATE SCHOOL of
BUSINESS, ROOM 49
Presented by the Health
Advocacy Center
Days
like
these
demand!
The
Daily
TOBACCO PROMOTION
and CORPORATE
RESPONSIBILITY
A discussion of social issues
involved in tobacco marketing,
including lawsuits against
cigarette companies, the
proposed ban on tobacco
advertising, subsidies, and
taxation.
When:
THURSDAY, FEB. 27
at 12:00 NOON
Where:
GRADUATE SCHOOL of
BUSINESS, ROOM 49
Presented by the Health
Advocacy Center
Days
like
these
demand!
The
Daily
TOBACCO PROMOTION
and CORPORATE
RESPONSIBILITY
A discussion of social issues
involved in tobacco marketing,
including lawsuits against
cigarette companies, the
proposed ban on tobacco
advertising, subsidies, and
taxation.
When:
THURSDAY, FEB. 27
at 12:00 NOON
Where:
GRADUATE SCHOOL of
BUSINESS, ROOM 49
Presented by the Health
Advocacy Center
Days
like
these
demand!
The
Daily
TOBACCO PROMOTION
and CORPORATE
RESPONSIBILITY
A discussion of social issues
involved in tobacco marketing,
including lawsuits against
cigarette companies, the
proposed ban on tobacco
advertising, subsidies, and
taxation.
When:
THURSDAY, FEB. 27
at 12:00 NOON
Where:
GRADUATE SCHOOL of
BUSINESS, ROOM 49
Presented by the Health
Advocacy Center
Days
like
these
demand!
The
Daily
TOBACCO PROMOTION
and CORPORATE
RESPONSIBILITY
A discussion of social issues
involved in tobacco marketing,
including lawsuits against
cigarette companies, the
proposed ban on tobacco
advertising, subsidies, and
taxation.
When:
THURSDAY, FEB. 27
at 12:00 NOON
Where:
GRADUATE SCHOOL of
BUSINESS, ROOM 49
Presented by the Health
Advocacy Center
Days
like
these
demand!
The
Daily
