# Untitled Article
## 
### 
LAzy game
The Cardinal loses to
UCLA 95-74 in Pauley
Pavilion.
Page 9

Sweet potatoe
Bug Me ponders the
difference between sweet
potatoes and yams.
Page 6

Puts or calls
Options are for risk
takers. See Business.
Page 10

LAzy game
The Cardinal loses to
UCLA 95-74 in Pauley
Pavilion.
Page 9

Sweet potatoe
Bug Me ponders the
difference between sweet
potatoes and yams.
Page 6

Puts or calls
Options are for risk
takers. See Business.
Page 10

LAzy game
The Cardinal loses to
UCLA 95-74 in Pauley
Pavilion.
Page 9

Sweet potatoe
Bug Me ponders the
difference between sweet
potatoes and yams.
Page 6

Puts or calls
Options are for risk
takers. See Business.
Page 10

LAzy game
The Cardinal loses to
UCLA 95-74 in Pauley
Pavilion.
Page 9

Sweet potatoe
Bug Me ponders the
difference between sweet
potatoes and yams.
Page 6

Puts or calls
Options are for risk
takers. See Business.
Page 10

LAzy game
The Cardinal loses to
UCLA 95-74 in Pauley
Pavilion.
Page 9

Sweet potatoe
Bug Me ponders the
difference between sweet
potatoes and yams.
Page 6

Puts or calls
Options are for risk
takers. See Business.
Page 10

LAzy game
The Cardinal loses to
UCLA 95-74 in Pauley
Pavilion.
Page 9

Sweet potatoe
Bug Me ponders the
difference between sweet
potatoes and yams.
Page 6

Puts or calls
Options are for risk
takers. See Business.
Page 10

LAzy game
The Cardinal loses to
UCLA 95-74 in Pauley
Pavilion.
Page 9

Sweet potatoe
Bug Me ponders the
difference between sweet
potatoes and yams.
Page 6

Puts or calls
Options are for risk
takers. See Business.
Page 10

LAzy game
The Cardinal loses to
UCLA 95-74 in Pauley
Pavilion.
Page 9

Sweet potatoe
Bug Me ponders the
difference between sweet
potatoes and yams.
Page 6

Puts or calls
Options are for risk
takers. See Business.
Page 10

