# IRRESISTIBLE COP MEETS IMMOVABLE CAR; FENDERS FLY
## 
### 
When an irresistible police
man meets an immovable auto,
fenders fly.
Stanford's handsomest mounted
policeman, mellufidating around
yesterday Jafternoon in search
of business, spotted a gentleman
doing considerable past the Art
Gallery in a yellow Buick road
ster.
Said officer joined the parade,
furnishing siren music; but the
driver of the roadster, a campus
visitor, apparently didn't under
stand siren talk. He passed the
postoffice at an unknown but
goodly speed.
A short distance beyond the
postoffice he stopped—immediate
ly, and the officer, unable to halt
quickly enough, neatly ampu
tated the offender's fender. A
short game of Tag followed.
Note to car owners: the road
ster had been borrowed from a
benevolent Brother in a Certain
Greek restaurant and living
group.
When an irresistible police
man meets an immovable auto,
fenders fly.
Stanford's handsomest mounted
policeman, mellufidating around
yesterday Jafternoon in search
of business, spotted a gentleman
doing considerable past the Art
Gallery in a yellow Buick road
ster.
Said officer joined the parade,
furnishing siren music; but the
driver of the roadster, a campus
visitor, apparently didn't under
stand siren talk. He passed the
postoffice at an unknown but
goodly speed.
A short distance beyond the
postoffice he stopped—immediate
ly, and the officer, unable to halt
quickly enough, neatly ampu
tated the offender's fender. A
short game of Tag followed.
Note to car owners: the road
ster had been borrowed from a
benevolent Brother in a Certain
Greek restaurant and living
group.
When an irresistible police
man meets an immovable auto,
fenders fly.
Stanford's handsomest mounted
policeman, mellufidating around
yesterday Jafternoon in search
of business, spotted a gentleman
doing considerable past the Art
Gallery in a yellow Buick road
ster.
Said officer joined the parade,
furnishing siren music; but the
driver of the roadster, a campus
visitor, apparently didn't under
stand siren talk. He passed the
postoffice at an unknown but
goodly speed.
A short distance beyond the
postoffice he stopped—immediate
ly, and the officer, unable to halt
quickly enough, neatly ampu
tated the offender's fender. A
short game of Tag followed.
Note to car owners: the road
ster had been borrowed from a
benevolent Brother in a Certain
Greek restaurant and living
group.
When an irresistible police
man meets an immovable auto,
fenders fly.
Stanford's handsomest mounted
policeman, mellufidating around
yesterday Jafternoon in search
of business, spotted a gentleman
doing considerable past the Art
Gallery in a yellow Buick road
ster.
Said officer joined the parade,
furnishing siren music; but the
driver of the roadster, a campus
visitor, apparently didn't under
stand siren talk. He passed the
postoffice at an unknown but
goodly speed.
A short distance beyond the
postoffice he stopped—immediate
ly, and the officer, unable to halt
quickly enough, neatly ampu
tated the offender's fender. A
short game of Tag followed.
Note to car owners: the road
ster had been borrowed from a
benevolent Brother in a Certain
Greek restaurant and living
group.
When an irresistible police
man meets an immovable auto,
fenders fly.
Stanford's handsomest mounted
policeman, mellufidating around
yesterday Jafternoon in search
of business, spotted a gentleman
doing considerable past the Art
Gallery in a yellow Buick road
ster.
Said officer joined the parade,
furnishing siren music; but the
driver of the roadster, a campus
visitor, apparently didn't under
stand siren talk. He passed the
postoffice at an unknown but
goodly speed.
A short distance beyond the
postoffice he stopped—immediate
ly, and the officer, unable to halt
quickly enough, neatly ampu
tated the offender's fender. A
short game of Tag followed.
Note to car owners: the road
ster had been borrowed from a
benevolent Brother in a Certain
Greek restaurant and living
group.
When an irresistible police
man meets an immovable auto,
fenders fly.
Stanford's handsomest mounted
policeman, mellufidating around
yesterday Jafternoon in search
of business, spotted a gentleman
doing considerable past the Art
Gallery in a yellow Buick road
ster.
Said officer joined the parade,
furnishing siren music; but the
driver of the roadster, a campus
visitor, apparently didn't under
stand siren talk. He passed the
postoffice at an unknown but
goodly speed.
A short distance beyond the
postoffice he stopped—immediate
ly, and the officer, unable to halt
quickly enough, neatly ampu
tated the offender's fender. A
short game of Tag followed.
Note to car owners: the road
ster had been borrowed from a
benevolent Brother in a Certain
Greek restaurant and living
group.
When an irresistible police
man meets an immovable auto,
fenders fly.
Stanford's handsomest mounted
policeman, mellufidating around
yesterday Jafternoon in search
of business, spotted a gentleman
doing considerable past the Art
Gallery in a yellow Buick road
ster.
Said officer joined the parade,
furnishing siren music; but the
driver of the roadster, a campus
visitor, apparently didn't under
stand siren talk. He passed the
postoffice at an unknown but
goodly speed.
A short distance beyond the
postoffice he stopped—immediate
ly, and the officer, unable to halt
quickly enough, neatly ampu
tated the offender's fender. A
short game of Tag followed.
Note to car owners: the road
ster had been borrowed from a
benevolent Brother in a Certain
Greek restaurant and living
group.
When an irresistible police
man meets an immovable auto,
fenders fly.
Stanford's handsomest mounted
policeman, mellufidating around
yesterday Jafternoon in search
of business, spotted a gentleman
doing considerable past the Art
Gallery in a yellow Buick road
ster.
Said officer joined the parade,
furnishing siren music; but the
driver of the roadster, a campus
visitor, apparently didn't under
stand siren talk. He passed the
postoffice at an unknown but
goodly speed.
A short distance beyond the
postoffice he stopped—immediate
ly, and the officer, unable to halt
quickly enough, neatly ampu
tated the offender's fender. A
short game of Tag followed.
Note to car owners: the road
ster had been borrowed from a
benevolent Brother in a Certain
Greek restaurant and living
group.
When an irresistible police
man meets an immovable auto,
fenders fly.
Stanford's handsomest mounted
policeman, mellufidating around
yesterday Jafternoon in search
of business, spotted a gentleman
doing considerable past the Art
Gallery in a yellow Buick road
ster.
Said officer joined the parade,
furnishing siren music; but the
driver of the roadster, a campus
visitor, apparently didn't under
stand siren talk. He passed the
postoffice at an unknown but
goodly speed.
A short distance beyond the
postoffice he stopped—immediate
ly, and the officer, unable to halt
quickly enough, neatly ampu
tated the offender's fender. A
short game of Tag followed.
Note to car owners: the road
ster had been borrowed from a
benevolent Brother in a Certain
Greek restaurant and living
group.
When an irresistible police
man meets an immovable auto,
fenders fly.
Stanford's handsomest mounted
policeman, mellufidating around
yesterday Jafternoon in search
of business, spotted a gentleman
doing considerable past the Art
Gallery in a yellow Buick road
ster.
Said officer joined the parade,
furnishing siren music; but the
driver of the roadster, a campus
visitor, apparently didn't under
stand siren talk. He passed the
postoffice at an unknown but
goodly speed.
A short distance beyond the
postoffice he stopped—immediate
ly, and the officer, unable to halt
quickly enough, neatly ampu
tated the offender's fender. A
short game of Tag followed.
Note to car owners: the road
ster had been borrowed from a
benevolent Brother in a Certain
Greek restaurant and living
group.
When an irresistible police
man meets an immovable auto,
fenders fly.
Stanford's handsomest mounted
policeman, mellufidating around
yesterday Jafternoon in search
of business, spotted a gentleman
doing considerable past the Art
Gallery in a yellow Buick road
ster.
Said officer joined the parade,
furnishing siren music; but the
driver of the roadster, a campus
visitor, apparently didn't under
stand siren talk. He passed the
postoffice at an unknown but
goodly speed.
A short distance beyond the
postoffice he stopped—immediate
ly, and the officer, unable to halt
quickly enough, neatly ampu
tated the offender's fender. A
short game of Tag followed.
Note to car owners: the road
ster had been borrowed from a
benevolent Brother in a Certain
Greek restaurant and living
group.
When an irresistible police
man meets an immovable auto,
fenders fly.
Stanford's handsomest mounted
policeman, mellufidating around
yesterday Jafternoon in search
of business, spotted a gentleman
doing considerable past the Art
Gallery in a yellow Buick road
ster.
Said officer joined the parade,
furnishing siren music; but the
driver of the roadster, a campus
visitor, apparently didn't under
stand siren talk. He passed the
postoffice at an unknown but
goodly speed.
A short distance beyond the
postoffice he stopped—immediate
ly, and the officer, unable to halt
quickly enough, neatly ampu
tated the offender's fender. A
short game of Tag followed.
Note to car owners: the road
ster had been borrowed from a
benevolent Brother in a Certain
Greek restaurant and living
group.
When an irresistible police
man meets an immovable auto,
fenders fly.
Stanford's handsomest mounted
policeman, mellufidating around
yesterday Jafternoon in search
of business, spotted a gentleman
doing considerable past the Art
Gallery in a yellow Buick road
ster.
Said officer joined the parade,
furnishing siren music; but the
driver of the roadster, a campus
visitor, apparently didn't under
stand siren talk. He passed the
postoffice at an unknown but
goodly speed.
A short distance beyond the
postoffice he stopped—immediate
ly, and the officer, unable to halt
quickly enough, neatly ampu
tated the offender's fender. A
short game of Tag followed.
Note to car owners: the road
ster had been borrowed from a
benevolent Brother in a Certain
Greek restaurant and living
group.
When an irresistible police
man meets an immovable auto,
fenders fly.
Stanford's handsomest mounted
policeman, mellufidating around
yesterday Jafternoon in search
of business, spotted a gentleman
doing considerable past the Art
Gallery in a yellow Buick road
ster.
Said officer joined the parade,
furnishing siren music; but the
driver of the roadster, a campus
visitor, apparently didn't under
stand siren talk. He passed the
postoffice at an unknown but
goodly speed.
A short distance beyond the
postoffice he stopped—immediate
ly, and the officer, unable to halt
quickly enough, neatly ampu
tated the offender's fender. A
short game of Tag followed.
Note to car owners: the road
ster had been borrowed from a
benevolent Brother in a Certain
Greek restaurant and living
group.
When an irresistible police
man meets an immovable auto,
fenders fly.
Stanford's handsomest mounted
policeman, mellufidating around
yesterday Jafternoon in search
of business, spotted a gentleman
doing considerable past the Art
Gallery in a yellow Buick road
ster.
Said officer joined the parade,
furnishing siren music; but the
driver of the roadster, a campus
visitor, apparently didn't under
stand siren talk. He passed the
postoffice at an unknown but
goodly speed.
A short distance beyond the
postoffice he stopped—immediate
ly, and the officer, unable to halt
quickly enough, neatly ampu
tated the offender's fender. A
short game of Tag followed.
Note to car owners: the road
ster had been borrowed from a
benevolent Brother in a Certain
Greek restaurant and living
group.
When an irresistible police
man meets an immovable auto,
fenders fly.
Stanford's handsomest mounted
policeman, mellufidating around
yesterday Jafternoon in search
of business, spotted a gentleman
doing considerable past the Art
Gallery in a yellow Buick road
ster.
Said officer joined the parade,
furnishing siren music; but the
driver of the roadster, a campus
visitor, apparently didn't under
stand siren talk. He passed the
postoffice at an unknown but
goodly speed.
A short distance beyond the
postoffice he stopped—immediate
ly, and the officer, unable to halt
quickly enough, neatly ampu
tated the offender's fender. A
short game of Tag followed.
Note to car owners: the road
ster had been borrowed from a
benevolent Brother in a Certain
Greek restaurant and living
group.
