# WESTERNERS TOO SURE OF SUPERIORITY, SAYS DERRICOTTE TO YWCA
## 
### 
"We are too sure of our superiority,
as a western nation, in controlling the
eastern nations which are as much a
part of the world as we are," Juliette
Derricote, American Negress, said
when she talked before the Y.W.C.A.
group Friday afternoon about the re
cent convention of the World's Chris
tian Student Federation in Mysore,
India. "No Easterner has ever been
president of the Federation," she con
tinued, "chiefly because prejudice
would lead to the withdrawal of finan
cial support we now get from western
countries."
Miss Derricote, commenting further,
declared that India was at the present
time a most complicated and difficult
country. Even the convention commit
tee, of which she was a member, was
under close governmental surveillance,
with one of their secretaries an Eng
lish secret service man. Miss Derri
cote also told of the founding of the
World's Christian Student Federation
in 1895 by John R. Mott. It was then
a group of American and European
movements. Now there are forty-six
countries represented, six permanent
secretaries to control the Federation,
and an executive committee of eleven.
The next convention is to be held in
the United States in 1931, Miss Derri
cote said.
"We are too sure of our superiority,
as a western nation, in controlling the
eastern nations which are as much a
part of the world as we are," Juliette
Derricote, American Negress, said
when she talked before the Y.W.C.A.
group Friday afternoon about the re
cent convention of the World's Chris
tian Student Federation in Mysore,
India. "No Easterner has ever been
president of the Federation," she con
tinued, "chiefly because prejudice
would lead to the withdrawal of finan
cial support we now get from western
countries."
Miss Derricote, commenting further,
declared that India was at the present
time a most complicated and difficult
country. Even the convention commit
tee, of which she was a member, was
under close governmental surveillance,
with one of their secretaries an Eng
lish secret service man. Miss Derri
cote also told of the founding of the
World's Christian Student Federation
in 1895 by John R. Mott. It was then
a group of American and European
movements. Now there are forty-six
countries represented, six permanent
secretaries to control the Federation,
and an executive committee of eleven.
The next convention is to be held in
the United States in 1931, Miss Derri
cote said.
"We are too sure of our superiority,
as a western nation, in controlling the
eastern nations which are as much a
part of the world as we are," Juliette
Derricote, American Negress, said
when she talked before the Y.W.C.A.
group Friday afternoon about the re
cent convention of the World's Chris
tian Student Federation in Mysore,
India. "No Easterner has ever been
president of the Federation," she con
tinued, "chiefly because prejudice
would lead to the withdrawal of finan
cial support we now get from western
countries."
Miss Derricote, commenting further,
declared that India was at the present
time a most complicated and difficult
country. Even the convention commit
tee, of which she was a member, was
under close governmental surveillance,
with one of their secretaries an Eng
lish secret service man. Miss Derri
cote also told of the founding of the
World's Christian Student Federation
in 1895 by John R. Mott. It was then
a group of American and European
movements. Now there are forty-six
countries represented, six permanent
secretaries to control the Federation,
and an executive committee of eleven.
The next convention is to be held in
the United States in 1931, Miss Derri
cote said.
"We are too sure of our superiority,
as a western nation, in controlling the
eastern nations which are as much a
part of the world as we are," Juliette
Derricote, American Negress, said
when she talked before the Y.W.C.A.
group Friday afternoon about the re
cent convention of the World's Chris
tian Student Federation in Mysore,
India. "No Easterner has ever been
president of the Federation," she con
tinued, "chiefly because prejudice
would lead to the withdrawal of finan
cial support we now get from western
countries."
Miss Derricote, commenting further,
declared that India was at the present
time a most complicated and difficult
country. Even the convention commit
tee, of which she was a member, was
under close governmental surveillance,
with one of their secretaries an Eng
lish secret service man. Miss Derri
cote also told of the founding of the
World's Christian Student Federation
in 1895 by John R. Mott. It was then
a group of American and European
movements. Now there are forty-six
countries represented, six permanent
secretaries to control the Federation,
and an executive committee of eleven.
The next convention is to be held in
the United States in 1931, Miss Derri
cote said.
"We are too sure of our superiority,
as a western nation, in controlling the
eastern nations which are as much a
part of the world as we are," Juliette
Derricote, American Negress, said
when she talked before the Y.W.C.A.
group Friday afternoon about the re
cent convention of the World's Chris
tian Student Federation in Mysore,
India. "No Easterner has ever been
president of the Federation," she con
tinued, "chiefly because prejudice
would lead to the withdrawal of finan
cial support we now get from western
countries."
Miss Derricote, commenting further,
declared that India was at the present
time a most complicated and difficult
country. Even the convention commit
tee, of which she was a member, was
under close governmental surveillance,
with one of their secretaries an Eng
lish secret service man. Miss Derri
cote also told of the founding of the
World's Christian Student Federation
in 1895 by John R. Mott. It was then
a group of American and European
movements. Now there are forty-six
countries represented, six permanent
secretaries to control the Federation,
and an executive committee of eleven.
The next convention is to be held in
the United States in 1931, Miss Derri
cote said.
"We are too sure of our superiority,
as a western nation, in controlling the
eastern nations which are as much a
part of the world as we are," Juliette
Derricote, American Negress, said
when she talked before the Y.W.C.A.
group Friday afternoon about the re
cent convention of the World's Chris
tian Student Federation in Mysore,
India. "No Easterner has ever been
president of the Federation," she con
tinued, "chiefly because prejudice
would lead to the withdrawal of finan
cial support we now get from western
countries."
Miss Derricote, commenting further,
declared that India was at the present
time a most complicated and difficult
country. Even the convention commit
tee, of which she was a member, was
under close governmental surveillance,
with one of their secretaries an Eng
lish secret service man. Miss Derri
cote also told of the founding of the
World's Christian Student Federation
in 1895 by John R. Mott. It was then
a group of American and European
movements. Now there are forty-six
countries represented, six permanent
secretaries to control the Federation,
and an executive committee of eleven.
The next convention is to be held in
the United States in 1931, Miss Derri
cote said.
"We are too sure of our superiority,
as a western nation, in controlling the
eastern nations which are as much a
part of the world as we are," Juliette
Derricote, American Negress, said
when she talked before the Y.W.C.A.
group Friday afternoon about the re
cent convention of the World's Chris
tian Student Federation in Mysore,
India. "No Easterner has ever been
president of the Federation," she con
tinued, "chiefly because prejudice
would lead to the withdrawal of finan
cial support we now get from western
countries."
Miss Derricote, commenting further,
declared that India was at the present
time a most complicated and difficult
country. Even the convention commit
tee, of which she was a member, was
under close governmental surveillance,
with one of their secretaries an Eng
lish secret service man. Miss Derri
cote also told of the founding of the
World's Christian Student Federation
in 1895 by John R. Mott. It was then
a group of American and European
movements. Now there are forty-six
countries represented, six permanent
secretaries to control the Federation,
and an executive committee of eleven.
The next convention is to be held in
the United States in 1931, Miss Derri
cote said.
"We are too sure of our superiority,
as a western nation, in controlling the
eastern nations which are as much a
part of the world as we are," Juliette
Derricote, American Negress, said
when she talked before the Y.W.C.A.
group Friday afternoon about the re
cent convention of the World's Chris
tian Student Federation in Mysore,
India. "No Easterner has ever been
president of the Federation," she con
tinued, "chiefly because prejudice
would lead to the withdrawal of finan
cial support we now get from western
countries."
Miss Derricote, commenting further,
declared that India was at the present
time a most complicated and difficult
country. Even the convention commit
tee, of which she was a member, was
under close governmental surveillance,
with one of their secretaries an Eng
lish secret service man. Miss Derri
cote also told of the founding of the
World's Christian Student Federation
in 1895 by John R. Mott. It was then
a group of American and European
movements. Now there are forty-six
countries represented, six permanent
secretaries to control the Federation,
and an executive committee of eleven.
The next convention is to be held in
the United States in 1931, Miss Derri
cote said.
"We are too sure of our superiority,
as a western nation, in controlling the
eastern nations which are as much a
part of the world as we are," Juliette
Derricote, American Negress, said
when she talked before the Y.W.C.A.
group Friday afternoon about the re
cent convention of the World's Chris
tian Student Federation in Mysore,
India. "No Easterner has ever been
president of the Federation," she con
tinued, "chiefly because prejudice
would lead to the withdrawal of finan
cial support we now get from western
countries."
Miss Derricote, commenting further,
declared that India was at the present
time a most complicated and difficult
country. Even the convention commit
tee, of which she was a member, was
under close governmental surveillance,
with one of their secretaries an Eng
lish secret service man. Miss Derri
cote also told of the founding of the
World's Christian Student Federation
in 1895 by John R. Mott. It was then
a group of American and European
movements. Now there are forty-six
countries represented, six permanent
secretaries to control the Federation,
and an executive committee of eleven.
The next convention is to be held in
the United States in 1931, Miss Derri
cote said.
"We are too sure of our superiority,
as a western nation, in controlling the
eastern nations which are as much a
part of the world as we are," Juliette
Derricote, American Negress, said
when she talked before the Y.W.C.A.
group Friday afternoon about the re
cent convention of the World's Chris
tian Student Federation in Mysore,
India. "No Easterner has ever been
president of the Federation," she con
tinued, "chiefly because prejudice
would lead to the withdrawal of finan
cial support we now get from western
countries."
Miss Derricote, commenting further,
declared that India was at the present
time a most complicated and difficult
country. Even the convention commit
tee, of which she was a member, was
under close governmental surveillance,
with one of their secretaries an Eng
lish secret service man. Miss Derri
cote also told of the founding of the
World's Christian Student Federation
in 1895 by John R. Mott. It was then
a group of American and European
movements. Now there are forty-six
countries represented, six permanent
secretaries to control the Federation,
and an executive committee of eleven.
The next convention is to be held in
the United States in 1931, Miss Derri
cote said.
"We are too sure of our superiority,
as a western nation, in controlling the
eastern nations which are as much a
part of the world as we are," Juliette
Derricote, American Negress, said
when she talked before the Y.W.C.A.
group Friday afternoon about the re
cent convention of the World's Chris
tian Student Federation in Mysore,
India. "No Easterner has ever been
president of the Federation," she con
tinued, "chiefly because prejudice
would lead to the withdrawal of finan
cial support we now get from western
countries."
Miss Derricote, commenting further,
declared that India was at the present
time a most complicated and difficult
country. Even the convention commit
tee, of which she was a member, was
under close governmental surveillance,
with one of their secretaries an Eng
lish secret service man. Miss Derri
cote also told of the founding of the
World's Christian Student Federation
in 1895 by John R. Mott. It was then
a group of American and European
movements. Now there are forty-six
countries represented, six permanent
secretaries to control the Federation,
and an executive committee of eleven.
The next convention is to be held in
the United States in 1931, Miss Derri
cote said.
"We are too sure of our superiority,
as a western nation, in controlling the
eastern nations which are as much a
part of the world as we are," Juliette
Derricote, American Negress, said
when she talked before the Y.W.C.A.
group Friday afternoon about the re
cent convention of the World's Chris
tian Student Federation in Mysore,
India. "No Easterner has ever been
president of the Federation," she con
tinued, "chiefly because prejudice
would lead to the withdrawal of finan
cial support we now get from western
countries."
Miss Derricote, commenting further,
declared that India was at the present
time a most complicated and difficult
country. Even the convention commit
tee, of which she was a member, was
under close governmental surveillance,
with one of their secretaries an Eng
lish secret service man. Miss Derri
cote also told of the founding of the
World's Christian Student Federation
in 1895 by John R. Mott. It was then
a group of American and European
movements. Now there are forty-six
countries represented, six permanent
secretaries to control the Federation,
and an executive committee of eleven.
The next convention is to be held in
the United States in 1931, Miss Derri
cote said.
"We are too sure of our superiority,
as a western nation, in controlling the
eastern nations which are as much a
part of the world as we are," Juliette
Derricote, American Negress, said
when she talked before the Y.W.C.A.
group Friday afternoon about the re
cent convention of the World's Chris
tian Student Federation in Mysore,
India. "No Easterner has ever been
president of the Federation," she con
tinued, "chiefly because prejudice
would lead to the withdrawal of finan
cial support we now get from western
countries."
Miss Derricote, commenting further,
declared that India was at the present
time a most complicated and difficult
country. Even the convention commit
tee, of which she was a member, was
under close governmental surveillance,
with one of their secretaries an Eng
lish secret service man. Miss Derri
cote also told of the founding of the
World's Christian Student Federation
in 1895 by John R. Mott. It was then
a group of American and European
movements. Now there are forty-six
countries represented, six permanent
secretaries to control the Federation,
and an executive committee of eleven.
The next convention is to be held in
the United States in 1931, Miss Derri
cote said.
"We are too sure of our superiority,
as a western nation, in controlling the
eastern nations which are as much a
part of the world as we are," Juliette
Derricote, American Negress, said
when she talked before the Y.W.C.A.
group Friday afternoon about the re
cent convention of the World's Chris
tian Student Federation in Mysore,
India. "No Easterner has ever been
president of the Federation," she con
tinued, "chiefly because prejudice
would lead to the withdrawal of finan
cial support we now get from western
countries."
Miss Derricote, commenting further,
declared that India was at the present
time a most complicated and difficult
country. Even the convention commit
tee, of which she was a member, was
under close governmental surveillance,
with one of their secretaries an Eng
lish secret service man. Miss Derri
cote also told of the founding of the
World's Christian Student Federation
in 1895 by John R. Mott. It was then
a group of American and European
movements. Now there are forty-six
countries represented, six permanent
secretaries to control the Federation,
and an executive committee of eleven.
The next convention is to be held in
the United States in 1931, Miss Derri
cote said.
"We are too sure of our superiority,
as a western nation, in controlling the
eastern nations which are as much a
part of the world as we are," Juliette
Derricote, American Negress, said
when she talked before the Y.W.C.A.
group Friday afternoon about the re
cent convention of the World's Chris
tian Student Federation in Mysore,
India. "No Easterner has ever been
president of the Federation," she con
tinued, "chiefly because prejudice
would lead to the withdrawal of finan
cial support we now get from western
countries."
Miss Derricote, commenting further,
declared that India was at the present
time a most complicated and difficult
country. Even the convention commit
tee, of which she was a member, was
under close governmental surveillance,
with one of their secretaries an Eng
lish secret service man. Miss Derri
cote also told of the founding of the
World's Christian Student Federation
in 1895 by John R. Mott. It was then
a group of American and European
movements. Now there are forty-six
countries represented, six permanent
secretaries to control the Federation,
and an executive committee of eleven.
The next convention is to be held in
the United States in 1931, Miss Derri
cote said.
"We are too sure of our superiority,
as a western nation, in controlling the
eastern nations which are as much a
part of the world as we are," Juliette
Derricote, American Negress, said
when she talked before the Y.W.C.A.
group Friday afternoon about the re
cent convention of the World's Chris
tian Student Federation in Mysore,
India. "No Easterner has ever been
president of the Federation," she con
tinued, "chiefly because prejudice
would lead to the withdrawal of finan
cial support we now get from western
countries."
Miss Derricote, commenting further,
declared that India was at the present
time a most complicated and difficult
country. Even the convention commit
tee, of which she was a member, was
under close governmental surveillance,
with one of their secretaries an Eng
lish secret service man. Miss Derri
cote also told of the founding of the
World's Christian Student Federation
in 1895 by John R. Mott. It was then
a group of American and European
movements. Now there are forty-six
countries represented, six permanent
secretaries to control the Federation,
and an executive committee of eleven.
The next convention is to be held in
the United States in 1931, Miss Derri
cote said.
