# ROOMMATE SNORE? INSERT PIPELINE
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Feb. 22. (/P) — If
there's someone in your house
whose snoring is bothering you,
simply rig up a pipe line and let
your neighbor do the worrying.
The pipe line idea was suggested
by a newspaper reader. "Put a hood
over the party's head with a hose
attachment near the nose and
mouth. Place the head near a win
dow and let the hose hang out of
the window and you will have the
problem solved," the reader sug
gested.
CHICAGO, Feb. 22. (/P) — If
there's someone in your house
whose snoring is bothering you,
simply rig up a pipe line and let
your neighbor do the worrying.
The pipe line idea was suggested
by a newspaper reader. "Put a hood
over the party's head with a hose
attachment near the nose and
mouth. Place the head near a win
dow and let the hose hang out of
the window and you will have the
problem solved," the reader sug
gested.
CHICAGO, Feb. 22. (/P) — If
there's someone in your house
whose snoring is bothering you,
simply rig up a pipe line and let
your neighbor do the worrying.
The pipe line idea was suggested
by a newspaper reader. "Put a hood
over the party's head with a hose
attachment near the nose and
mouth. Place the head near a win
dow and let the hose hang out of
the window and you will have the
problem solved," the reader sug
gested.
CHICAGO, Feb. 22. (/P) — If
there's someone in your house
whose snoring is bothering you,
simply rig up a pipe line and let
your neighbor do the worrying.
The pipe line idea was suggested
by a newspaper reader. "Put a hood
over the party's head with a hose
attachment near the nose and
mouth. Place the head near a win
dow and let the hose hang out of
the window and you will have the
problem solved," the reader sug
gested.
CHICAGO, Feb. 22. (/P) — If
there's someone in your house
whose snoring is bothering you,
simply rig up a pipe line and let
your neighbor do the worrying.
The pipe line idea was suggested
by a newspaper reader. "Put a hood
over the party's head with a hose
attachment near the nose and
mouth. Place the head near a win
dow and let the hose hang out of
the window and you will have the
problem solved," the reader sug
gested.
CHICAGO, Feb. 22. (/P) — If
there's someone in your house
whose snoring is bothering you,
simply rig up a pipe line and let
your neighbor do the worrying.
The pipe line idea was suggested
by a newspaper reader. "Put a hood
over the party's head with a hose
attachment near the nose and
mouth. Place the head near a win
dow and let the hose hang out of
the window and you will have the
problem solved," the reader sug
gested.
CHICAGO, Feb. 22. (/P) — If
there's someone in your house
whose snoring is bothering you,
simply rig up a pipe line and let
your neighbor do the worrying.
The pipe line idea was suggested
by a newspaper reader. "Put a hood
over the party's head with a hose
attachment near the nose and
mouth. Place the head near a win
dow and let the hose hang out of
the window and you will have the
problem solved," the reader sug
gested.
CHICAGO, Feb. 22. (/P) — If
there's someone in your house
whose snoring is bothering you,
simply rig up a pipe line and let
your neighbor do the worrying.
The pipe line idea was suggested
by a newspaper reader. "Put a hood
over the party's head with a hose
attachment near the nose and
mouth. Place the head near a win
dow and let the hose hang out of
the window and you will have the
problem solved," the reader sug
gested.
CHICAGO, Feb. 22. (/P) — If
there's someone in your house
whose snoring is bothering you,
simply rig up a pipe line and let
your neighbor do the worrying.
The pipe line idea was suggested
by a newspaper reader. "Put a hood
over the party's head with a hose
attachment near the nose and
mouth. Place the head near a win
dow and let the hose hang out of
the window and you will have the
problem solved," the reader sug
gested.
CHICAGO, Feb. 22. (/P) — If
there's someone in your house
whose snoring is bothering you,
simply rig up a pipe line and let
your neighbor do the worrying.
The pipe line idea was suggested
by a newspaper reader. "Put a hood
over the party's head with a hose
attachment near the nose and
mouth. Place the head near a win
dow and let the hose hang out of
the window and you will have the
problem solved," the reader sug
gested.
CHICAGO, Feb. 22. (/P) — If
there's someone in your house
whose snoring is bothering you,
simply rig up a pipe line and let
your neighbor do the worrying.
The pipe line idea was suggested
by a newspaper reader. "Put a hood
over the party's head with a hose
attachment near the nose and
mouth. Place the head near a win
dow and let the hose hang out of
the window and you will have the
problem solved," the reader sug
gested.
CHICAGO, Feb. 22. (/P) — If
there's someone in your house
whose snoring is bothering you,
simply rig up a pipe line and let
your neighbor do the worrying.
The pipe line idea was suggested
by a newspaper reader. "Put a hood
over the party's head with a hose
attachment near the nose and
mouth. Place the head near a win
dow and let the hose hang out of
the window and you will have the
problem solved," the reader sug
gested.
CHICAGO, Feb. 22. (/P) — If
there's someone in your house
whose snoring is bothering you,
simply rig up a pipe line and let
your neighbor do the worrying.
The pipe line idea was suggested
by a newspaper reader. "Put a hood
over the party's head with a hose
attachment near the nose and
mouth. Place the head near a win
dow and let the hose hang out of
the window and you will have the
problem solved," the reader sug
gested.
CHICAGO, Feb. 22. (/P) — If
there's someone in your house
whose snoring is bothering you,
simply rig up a pipe line and let
your neighbor do the worrying.
The pipe line idea was suggested
by a newspaper reader. "Put a hood
over the party's head with a hose
attachment near the nose and
mouth. Place the head near a win
dow and let the hose hang out of
the window and you will have the
problem solved," the reader sug
gested.
CHICAGO, Feb. 22. (/P) — If
there's someone in your house
whose snoring is bothering you,
simply rig up a pipe line and let
your neighbor do the worrying.
The pipe line idea was suggested
by a newspaper reader. "Put a hood
over the party's head with a hose
attachment near the nose and
mouth. Place the head near a win
dow and let the hose hang out of
the window and you will have the
problem solved," the reader sug
gested.
CHICAGO, Feb. 22. (/P) — If
there's someone in your house
whose snoring is bothering you,
simply rig up a pipe line and let
your neighbor do the worrying.
The pipe line idea was suggested
by a newspaper reader. "Put a hood
over the party's head with a hose
attachment near the nose and
mouth. Place the head near a win
dow and let the hose hang out of
the window and you will have the
problem solved," the reader sug
gested.
