# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
Planning the future
Wk
Big things later —but now
pleasures count —like Fatimas.
With each package of Fatima i/oif
get a pennant coupon, 25 of which
secure a handsome felt college pen
liant < 12x 32) —selection of 100.
Planning the future
Wk
Big things later —but now
pleasures count —like Fatimas.
With each package of Fatima i/oif
get a pennant coupon, 25 of which
secure a handsome felt college pen
liant < 12x 32) —selection of 100.
Planning the future
Wk
Big things later —but now
pleasures count —like Fatimas.
With each package of Fatima i/oif
get a pennant coupon, 25 of which
secure a handsome felt college pen
liant < 12x 32) —selection of 100.
Planning the future
Wk
Big things later —but now
pleasures count —like Fatimas.
With each package of Fatima i/oif
get a pennant coupon, 25 of which
secure a handsome felt college pen
liant < 12x 32) —selection of 100.
Planning the future
Wk
Big things later —but now
pleasures count —like Fatimas.
With each package of Fatima i/oif
get a pennant coupon, 25 of which
secure a handsome felt college pen
liant < 12x 32) —selection of 100.
Planning the future
Wk
Big things later —but now
pleasures count —like Fatimas.
With each package of Fatima i/oif
get a pennant coupon, 25 of which
secure a handsome felt college pen
liant < 12x 32) —selection of 100.
Planning the future
Wk
Big things later —but now
pleasures count —like Fatimas.
With each package of Fatima i/oif
get a pennant coupon, 25 of which
secure a handsome felt college pen
liant < 12x 32) —selection of 100.
Planning the future
Wk
Big things later —but now
pleasures count —like Fatimas.
With each package of Fatima i/oif
get a pennant coupon, 25 of which
secure a handsome felt college pen
liant < 12x 32) —selection of 100.
Planning the future
Wk
Big things later —but now
pleasures count —like Fatimas.
With each package of Fatima i/oif
get a pennant coupon, 25 of which
secure a handsome felt college pen
liant < 12x 32) —selection of 100.
Planning the future
Wk
Big things later —but now
pleasures count —like Fatimas.
With each package of Fatima i/oif
get a pennant coupon, 25 of which
secure a handsome felt college pen
liant < 12x 32) —selection of 100.
Planning the future
Wk
Big things later —but now
pleasures count —like Fatimas.
With each package of Fatima i/oif
get a pennant coupon, 25 of which
secure a handsome felt college pen
liant < 12x 32) —selection of 100.
Planning the future
Wk
Big things later —but now
pleasures count —like Fatimas.
With each package of Fatima i/oif
get a pennant coupon, 25 of which
secure a handsome felt college pen
liant < 12x 32) —selection of 100.
Planning the future
Wk
Big things later —but now
pleasures count —like Fatimas.
With each package of Fatima i/oif
get a pennant coupon, 25 of which
secure a handsome felt college pen
liant < 12x 32) —selection of 100.
