# TENNIS TOURNAMENTS NOW BEING PLAYED
## STRONG PLAYERS ARE TRYING FOR TEAMS. Much Good Material Being Developed Among Old and New Players. 
### 
April 20, the morning of the annual
track meet, has been selected as the
date for the Women's Intercollegiate
Tennis Match, and at this time, with
the Encina courts as the place, the
women will wrest the palm of victory
from their Berkeley sisters.

Prospects are bright this year, ac
cording to Miss Agnes Yoch, '12, the
tennis captain. The girls are in finer
form than last year, with a year's
more training to their credit. The
formidable veteran team with which
Berkeley confronted us last year, has
been considerably weakened by the
loss of Miss Hazel Hotchkiss, the
woman tennis champion of the United
States.
In the practice tournaments now go
ing on daily at the Roble courts, fine
material is being developed, and tho
the final try-outs are not yet under
way, several stars are already in the
ascendant, from which the onlooker
selects a championship team with deep
conviction. Not only are Mis's' Yoch,
with her usual splendid form, and Miss
Laura Herroti, last year's contestants,
distinguishing themselves daily, but
Stanford's chances of victory have
been much enhanced by the addition
of two new girls, Miss Beatrice Bing
ham, women's tennis champion of IJ.
S. C., and Miss Klsie Parker, cham
pion of Pomona College last year, and
intercollegiate women's tennis cham
pion of the south.
The probable contestants for second
place on the team are, Misses Agnes
Wells, '15, Joyce Wand, '14, Helen Bat
cheller, '14, and Irene Clark, '14.
Preliminary games have been played
with lierkeley during the past semes
ter, in which Stanford has come away
victorious, and Cardinal enthusiasts
are predicting a brilliant victory on
April 20.


Miss A. Yoch, '12.
There are two tournaments now in
progress on the Roble courts. One is
continued from last semester to de
cide class and intercollegiate cham
pionships. Last semester's playing de
termined the first and second players
of each class and the doubles are now
beginning, in which the Senior girls
will play the Sophomores, and the Ju
niors will play the Seniors.
The contestants are as follows: Se
niors, Agnes Yoch, Elsie Parker; Ju
niors, Marie Lockwood, Edith Ireland:
Sophomores, Laura Herron, Joyce
Wand; Freshmen, Agnes Wells, Mary
Gard.
In addition to this, the tennis club
tournament is now under way; the
drawings were published in last week's
Daily Palo Alto. This contest is open
to all members of the Women's Tennis
club. The first round has already been
played, and the tournament will lie
closed in the course of another fort
night.
