# Vesper Service on Day of Prayer.
## 
### 
Sunday afternoon, at five o'clock, a
short vesper service will be held in
the University Chapel. Sunday the
25th being the world's day of prayer,
this service will be held as an obser
vance of the day.
Sunday afternoon, at five o'clock, a
short vesper service will be held in
the University Chapel. Sunday the
25th being the world's day of prayer,
this service will be held as an obser
vance of the day.
Sunday afternoon, at five o'clock, a
short vesper service will be held in
the University Chapel. Sunday the
25th being the world's day of prayer,
this service will be held as an obser
vance of the day.
Sunday afternoon, at five o'clock, a
short vesper service will be held in
the University Chapel. Sunday the
25th being the world's day of prayer,
this service will be held as an obser
vance of the day.
Sunday afternoon, at five o'clock, a
short vesper service will be held in
the University Chapel. Sunday the
25th being the world's day of prayer,
this service will be held as an obser
vance of the day.
Sunday afternoon, at five o'clock, a
short vesper service will be held in
the University Chapel. Sunday the
25th being the world's day of prayer,
this service will be held as an obser
vance of the day.
Sunday afternoon, at five o'clock, a
short vesper service will be held in
the University Chapel. Sunday the
25th being the world's day of prayer,
this service will be held as an obser
vance of the day.
Sunday afternoon, at five o'clock, a
short vesper service will be held in
the University Chapel. Sunday the
25th being the world's day of prayer,
this service will be held as an obser
vance of the day.
Sunday afternoon, at five o'clock, a
short vesper service will be held in
the University Chapel. Sunday the
25th being the world's day of prayer,
this service will be held as an obser
vance of the day.
Sunday afternoon, at five o'clock, a
short vesper service will be held in
the University Chapel. Sunday the
25th being the world's day of prayer,
this service will be held as an obser
vance of the day.
Sunday afternoon, at five o'clock, a
short vesper service will be held in
the University Chapel. Sunday the
25th being the world's day of prayer,
this service will be held as an obser
vance of the day.
Sunday afternoon, at five o'clock, a
short vesper service will be held in
the University Chapel. Sunday the
25th being the world's day of prayer,
this service will be held as an obser
vance of the day.
Sunday afternoon, at five o'clock, a
short vesper service will be held in
the University Chapel. Sunday the
25th being the world's day of prayer,
this service will be held as an obser
vance of the day.
