# La 						Liana Plans Cafeteria.
## 
### 
La Liana is planning another cafe
teria lucheon for the benefit of the
Women's Clubhouse, such as was niven
last year with tremendous success. If
is probable that the affair will take
place in April.
La Liana is planning another cafe
teria lucheon for the benefit of the
Women's Clubhouse, such as was niven
last year with tremendous success. If
is probable that the affair will take
place in April.
La Liana is planning another cafe
teria lucheon for the benefit of the
Women's Clubhouse, such as was niven
last year with tremendous success. If
is probable that the affair will take
place in April.
La Liana is planning another cafe
teria lucheon for the benefit of the
Women's Clubhouse, such as was niven
last year with tremendous success. If
is probable that the affair will take
place in April.
La Liana is planning another cafe
teria lucheon for the benefit of the
Women's Clubhouse, such as was niven
last year with tremendous success. If
is probable that the affair will take
place in April.
La Liana is planning another cafe
teria lucheon for the benefit of the
Women's Clubhouse, such as was niven
last year with tremendous success. If
is probable that the affair will take
place in April.
La Liana is planning another cafe
teria lucheon for the benefit of the
Women's Clubhouse, such as was niven
last year with tremendous success. If
is probable that the affair will take
place in April.
La Liana is planning another cafe
teria lucheon for the benefit of the
Women's Clubhouse, such as was niven
last year with tremendous success. If
is probable that the affair will take
place in April.
La Liana is planning another cafe
teria lucheon for the benefit of the
Women's Clubhouse, such as was niven
last year with tremendous success. If
is probable that the affair will take
place in April.
La Liana is planning another cafe
teria lucheon for the benefit of the
Women's Clubhouse, such as was niven
last year with tremendous success. If
is probable that the affair will take
place in April.
La Liana is planning another cafe
teria lucheon for the benefit of the
Women's Clubhouse, such as was niven
last year with tremendous success. If
is probable that the affair will take
place in April.
La Liana is planning another cafe
teria lucheon for the benefit of the
Women's Clubhouse, such as was niven
last year with tremendous success. If
is probable that the affair will take
place in April.
La Liana is planning another cafe
teria lucheon for the benefit of the
Women's Clubhouse, such as was niven
last year with tremendous success. If
is probable that the affair will take
place in April.
