# Vaccination Deadline Mon.
## 
### 
Monday is the deadline for
vaccinations for all new stu
dents. A $2 fine will he in
curred after Monday; and if
vaccinations have not been
obtained by Feb. 6, registra-
Monday is the deadline for
vaccinations for all new stu
dents. A $2 fine will he in
curred after Monday; and if
vaccinations have not been
obtained by Feb. 6, registra-
Monday is the deadline for
vaccinations for all new stu
dents. A $2 fine will he in
curred after Monday; and if
vaccinations have not been
obtained by Feb. 6, registra-
Monday is the deadline for
vaccinations for all new stu
dents. A $2 fine will he in
curred after Monday; and if
vaccinations have not been
obtained by Feb. 6, registra-
Monday is the deadline for
vaccinations for all new stu
dents. A $2 fine will he in
curred after Monday; and if
vaccinations have not been
obtained by Feb. 6, registra-
Monday is the deadline for
vaccinations for all new stu
dents. A $2 fine will he in
curred after Monday; and if
vaccinations have not been
obtained by Feb. 6, registra-
Monday is the deadline for
vaccinations for all new stu
dents. A $2 fine will he in
curred after Monday; and if
vaccinations have not been
obtained by Feb. 6, registra-
Monday is the deadline for
vaccinations for all new stu
dents. A $2 fine will he in
curred after Monday; and if
vaccinations have not been
obtained by Feb. 6, registra-
Monday is the deadline for
vaccinations for all new stu
dents. A $2 fine will he in
curred after Monday; and if
vaccinations have not been
obtained by Feb. 6, registra-
Monday is the deadline for
vaccinations for all new stu
dents. A $2 fine will he in
curred after Monday; and if
vaccinations have not been
obtained by Feb. 6, registra-
Monday is the deadline for
vaccinations for all new stu
dents. A $2 fine will he in
curred after Monday; and if
vaccinations have not been
obtained by Feb. 6, registra-
Monday is the deadline for
vaccinations for all new stu
dents. A $2 fine will he in
curred after Monday; and if
vaccinations have not been
obtained by Feb. 6, registra-
Monday is the deadline for
vaccinations for all new stu
dents. A $2 fine will he in
curred after Monday; and if
vaccinations have not been
obtained by Feb. 6, registra-
Monday is the deadline for
vaccinations for all new stu
dents. A $2 fine will he in
curred after Monday; and if
vaccinations have not been
obtained by Feb. 6, registra-
Monday is the deadline for
vaccinations for all new stu
dents. A $2 fine will he in
curred after Monday; and if
vaccinations have not been
obtained by Feb. 6, registra-
Monday is the deadline for
vaccinations for all new stu
dents. A $2 fine will he in
curred after Monday; and if
vaccinations have not been
obtained by Feb. 6, registra-
