# Red Guerrilla Killed by Tiger
## 
### 
LUANG PRABANG, Laos
(UPI) — A large group of
pro-Communist guerrilla
troops were reported yester
day to have fled in terror
when a lieutenant-eolonel com
manding their unit was killed
by a tiger during action near
Muongsai. 50 miles north of
this royal capital.
The incident occurred as
government army units
clashed with Red Pathet Lao
forces at Muongsai in a bat
tle military authorities said
mighl be the prelude to a
major engagement that could
decide the fate of Luang Pra
bang.
LUANG PRABANG, Laos
(UPI) — A large group of
pro-Communist guerrilla
troops were reported yester
day to have fled in terror
when a lieutenant-eolonel com
manding their unit was killed
by a tiger during action near
Muongsai. 50 miles north of
this royal capital.
The incident occurred as
government army units
clashed with Red Pathet Lao
forces at Muongsai in a bat
tle military authorities said
mighl be the prelude to a
major engagement that could
decide the fate of Luang Pra
bang.
LUANG PRABANG, Laos
(UPI) — A large group of
pro-Communist guerrilla
troops were reported yester
day to have fled in terror
when a lieutenant-eolonel com
manding their unit was killed
by a tiger during action near
Muongsai. 50 miles north of
this royal capital.
The incident occurred as
government army units
clashed with Red Pathet Lao
forces at Muongsai in a bat
tle military authorities said
mighl be the prelude to a
major engagement that could
decide the fate of Luang Pra
bang.
LUANG PRABANG, Laos
(UPI) — A large group of
pro-Communist guerrilla
troops were reported yester
day to have fled in terror
when a lieutenant-eolonel com
manding their unit was killed
by a tiger during action near
Muongsai. 50 miles north of
this royal capital.
The incident occurred as
government army units
clashed with Red Pathet Lao
forces at Muongsai in a bat
tle military authorities said
mighl be the prelude to a
major engagement that could
decide the fate of Luang Pra
bang.
LUANG PRABANG, Laos
(UPI) — A large group of
pro-Communist guerrilla
troops were reported yester
day to have fled in terror
when a lieutenant-eolonel com
manding their unit was killed
by a tiger during action near
Muongsai. 50 miles north of
this royal capital.
The incident occurred as
government army units
clashed with Red Pathet Lao
forces at Muongsai in a bat
tle military authorities said
mighl be the prelude to a
major engagement that could
decide the fate of Luang Pra
bang.
LUANG PRABANG, Laos
(UPI) — A large group of
pro-Communist guerrilla
troops were reported yester
day to have fled in terror
when a lieutenant-eolonel com
manding their unit was killed
by a tiger during action near
Muongsai. 50 miles north of
this royal capital.
The incident occurred as
government army units
clashed with Red Pathet Lao
forces at Muongsai in a bat
tle military authorities said
mighl be the prelude to a
major engagement that could
decide the fate of Luang Pra
bang.
LUANG PRABANG, Laos
(UPI) — A large group of
pro-Communist guerrilla
troops were reported yester
day to have fled in terror
when a lieutenant-eolonel com
manding their unit was killed
by a tiger during action near
Muongsai. 50 miles north of
this royal capital.
The incident occurred as
government army units
clashed with Red Pathet Lao
forces at Muongsai in a bat
tle military authorities said
mighl be the prelude to a
major engagement that could
decide the fate of Luang Pra
bang.
LUANG PRABANG, Laos
(UPI) — A large group of
pro-Communist guerrilla
troops were reported yester
day to have fled in terror
when a lieutenant-eolonel com
manding their unit was killed
by a tiger during action near
Muongsai. 50 miles north of
this royal capital.
The incident occurred as
government army units
clashed with Red Pathet Lao
forces at Muongsai in a bat
tle military authorities said
mighl be the prelude to a
major engagement that could
decide the fate of Luang Pra
bang.
LUANG PRABANG, Laos
(UPI) — A large group of
pro-Communist guerrilla
troops were reported yester
day to have fled in terror
when a lieutenant-eolonel com
manding their unit was killed
by a tiger during action near
Muongsai. 50 miles north of
this royal capital.
The incident occurred as
government army units
clashed with Red Pathet Lao
forces at Muongsai in a bat
tle military authorities said
mighl be the prelude to a
major engagement that could
decide the fate of Luang Pra
bang.
LUANG PRABANG, Laos
(UPI) — A large group of
pro-Communist guerrilla
troops were reported yester
day to have fled in terror
when a lieutenant-eolonel com
manding their unit was killed
by a tiger during action near
Muongsai. 50 miles north of
this royal capital.
The incident occurred as
government army units
clashed with Red Pathet Lao
forces at Muongsai in a bat
tle military authorities said
mighl be the prelude to a
major engagement that could
decide the fate of Luang Pra
bang.
LUANG PRABANG, Laos
(UPI) — A large group of
pro-Communist guerrilla
troops were reported yester
day to have fled in terror
when a lieutenant-eolonel com
manding their unit was killed
by a tiger during action near
Muongsai. 50 miles north of
this royal capital.
The incident occurred as
government army units
clashed with Red Pathet Lao
forces at Muongsai in a bat
tle military authorities said
mighl be the prelude to a
major engagement that could
decide the fate of Luang Pra
bang.
LUANG PRABANG, Laos
(UPI) — A large group of
pro-Communist guerrilla
troops were reported yester
day to have fled in terror
when a lieutenant-eolonel com
manding their unit was killed
by a tiger during action near
Muongsai. 50 miles north of
this royal capital.
The incident occurred as
government army units
clashed with Red Pathet Lao
forces at Muongsai in a bat
tle military authorities said
mighl be the prelude to a
major engagement that could
decide the fate of Luang Pra
bang.
LUANG PRABANG, Laos
(UPI) — A large group of
pro-Communist guerrilla
troops were reported yester
day to have fled in terror
when a lieutenant-eolonel com
manding their unit was killed
by a tiger during action near
Muongsai. 50 miles north of
this royal capital.
The incident occurred as
government army units
clashed with Red Pathet Lao
forces at Muongsai in a bat
tle military authorities said
mighl be the prelude to a
major engagement that could
decide the fate of Luang Pra
bang.
LUANG PRABANG, Laos
(UPI) — A large group of
pro-Communist guerrilla
troops were reported yester
day to have fled in terror
when a lieutenant-eolonel com
manding their unit was killed
by a tiger during action near
Muongsai. 50 miles north of
this royal capital.
The incident occurred as
government army units
clashed with Red Pathet Lao
forces at Muongsai in a bat
tle military authorities said
mighl be the prelude to a
major engagement that could
decide the fate of Luang Pra
bang.
LUANG PRABANG, Laos
(UPI) — A large group of
pro-Communist guerrilla
troops were reported yester
day to have fled in terror
when a lieutenant-eolonel com
manding their unit was killed
by a tiger during action near
Muongsai. 50 miles north of
this royal capital.
The incident occurred as
government army units
clashed with Red Pathet Lao
forces at Muongsai in a bat
tle military authorities said
mighl be the prelude to a
major engagement that could
decide the fate of Luang Pra
bang.
LUANG PRABANG, Laos
(UPI) — A large group of
pro-Communist guerrilla
troops were reported yester
day to have fled in terror
when a lieutenant-eolonel com
manding their unit was killed
by a tiger during action near
Muongsai. 50 miles north of
this royal capital.
The incident occurred as
government army units
clashed with Red Pathet Lao
forces at Muongsai in a bat
tle military authorities said
mighl be the prelude to a
major engagement that could
decide the fate of Luang Pra
bang.
