# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Just deserts
The Cardinal left first
place Arizona in the dust,
62-56
Page 7

Big bucks
Students take an active
role in raising money on
the Farm.
Page 6

N-ice skating
Stanford's own takes first
place in the National
Figure Skating
Competition.
Page 8

Just deserts
The Cardinal left first
place Arizona in the dust,
62-56
Page 7

Big bucks
Students take an active
role in raising money on
the Farm.
Page 6

N-ice skating
Stanford's own takes first
place in the National
Figure Skating
Competition.
Page 8

Just deserts
The Cardinal left first
place Arizona in the dust,
62-56
Page 7

Big bucks
Students take an active
role in raising money on
the Farm.
Page 6

N-ice skating
Stanford's own takes first
place in the National
Figure Skating
Competition.
Page 8

Just deserts
The Cardinal left first
place Arizona in the dust,
62-56
Page 7

Big bucks
Students take an active
role in raising money on
the Farm.
Page 6

N-ice skating
Stanford's own takes first
place in the National
Figure Skating
Competition.
Page 8

Just deserts
The Cardinal left first
place Arizona in the dust,
62-56
Page 7

Big bucks
Students take an active
role in raising money on
the Farm.
Page 6

N-ice skating
Stanford's own takes first
place in the National
Figure Skating
Competition.
Page 8

Just deserts
The Cardinal left first
place Arizona in the dust,
62-56
Page 7

Big bucks
Students take an active
role in raising money on
the Farm.
Page 6

N-ice skating
Stanford's own takes first
place in the National
Figure Skating
Competition.
Page 8

Just deserts
The Cardinal left first
place Arizona in the dust,
62-56
Page 7

Big bucks
Students take an active
role in raising money on
the Farm.
Page 6

N-ice skating
Stanford's own takes first
place in the National
Figure Skating
Competition.
Page 8

Just deserts
The Cardinal left first
place Arizona in the dust,
62-56
Page 7

Big bucks
Students take an active
role in raising money on
the Farm.
Page 6

N-ice skating
Stanford's own takes first
place in the National
Figure Skating
Competition.
Page 8

