# Tomorrow Is Last Day For Payment of Fees
## 
### 
Tomorrow is the last (lay on which
syllabus foes are payable, and failure
to settle accounts at the business of
fice will necessitate payment of a
special foe as a penalty. Hills were
sent out last Friday from the Regis
trar's office.
Tomorrow is the last (lay on which
syllabus foes are payable, and failure
to settle accounts at the business of
fice will necessitate payment of a
special foe as a penalty. Hills were
sent out last Friday from the Regis
trar's office.
Tomorrow is the last (lay on which
syllabus foes are payable, and failure
to settle accounts at the business of
fice will necessitate payment of a
special foe as a penalty. Hills were
sent out last Friday from the Regis
trar's office.
Tomorrow is the last (lay on which
syllabus foes are payable, and failure
to settle accounts at the business of
fice will necessitate payment of a
special foe as a penalty. Hills were
sent out last Friday from the Regis
trar's office.
Tomorrow is the last (lay on which
syllabus foes are payable, and failure
to settle accounts at the business of
fice will necessitate payment of a
special foe as a penalty. Hills were
sent out last Friday from the Regis
trar's office.
Tomorrow is the last (lay on which
syllabus foes are payable, and failure
to settle accounts at the business of
fice will necessitate payment of a
special foe as a penalty. Hills were
sent out last Friday from the Regis
trar's office.
Tomorrow is the last (lay on which
syllabus foes are payable, and failure
to settle accounts at the business of
fice will necessitate payment of a
special foe as a penalty. Hills were
sent out last Friday from the Regis
trar's office.
Tomorrow is the last (lay on which
syllabus foes are payable, and failure
to settle accounts at the business of
fice will necessitate payment of a
special foe as a penalty. Hills were
sent out last Friday from the Regis
trar's office.
Tomorrow is the last (lay on which
syllabus foes are payable, and failure
to settle accounts at the business of
fice will necessitate payment of a
special foe as a penalty. Hills were
sent out last Friday from the Regis
trar's office.
Tomorrow is the last (lay on which
syllabus foes are payable, and failure
to settle accounts at the business of
fice will necessitate payment of a
special foe as a penalty. Hills were
sent out last Friday from the Regis
trar's office.
Tomorrow is the last (lay on which
syllabus foes are payable, and failure
to settle accounts at the business of
fice will necessitate payment of a
special foe as a penalty. Hills were
sent out last Friday from the Regis
trar's office.
Tomorrow is the last (lay on which
syllabus foes are payable, and failure
to settle accounts at the business of
fice will necessitate payment of a
special foe as a penalty. Hills were
sent out last Friday from the Regis
trar's office.
Tomorrow is the last (lay on which
syllabus foes are payable, and failure
to settle accounts at the business of
fice will necessitate payment of a
special foe as a penalty. Hills were
sent out last Friday from the Regis
trar's office.
Tomorrow is the last (lay on which
syllabus foes are payable, and failure
to settle accounts at the business of
fice will necessitate payment of a
special foe as a penalty. Hills were
sent out last Friday from the Regis
trar's office.
Tomorrow is the last (lay on which
syllabus foes are payable, and failure
to settle accounts at the business of
fice will necessitate payment of a
special foe as a penalty. Hills were
sent out last Friday from the Regis
trar's office.
Tomorrow is the last (lay on which
syllabus foes are payable, and failure
to settle accounts at the business of
fice will necessitate payment of a
special foe as a penalty. Hills were
sent out last Friday from the Regis
trar's office.
