# Cardinal Works Out in Final Practice
## Special Car to Carry Fifteen to City, Moving Pictures in Order Tonight 
### 
At 2:30 this afternoon, the Stanford
varsity indulged in the last workout
of the season, preliminary to the Big
Tangle at Ewing Field, slated for Sat
urday. Coach Brown put the team
through light limbering up exercises,
the hackfield engaging in several
sprinting races, while the forwards
practiced at getting the ball in the
lineouts, working out under the guid
ance of Jim Wylie.
Tonight the fifteen will be the guests
of the Varsity Theater in Palo Alto.
Tomorrow, accompanied by Coach
Brown, Trainer Reynolds, Graduate
Manager Behrens, and a corps of
newspaper men, the pride of the Card
inal will leave for San Francisco on
the 11:34 train, a special car having
been chartered for the players and i
hangers-on. Large busses will trans
port the fifteen to the Bellevue Motel,
and after lunch, to the playing field.
"Foghorn'' Mtirpliy to Assist.
Plans are under way to have "Fog
horn" Murphy, the renowned baseball
announcer of San Francisco, awake
those in the big city who do not know
of the Big Game. lie will also assist
in the two parades that the Stanford
and Santa Clara rooters are going to
stage.
At 2:30 this afternoon, the Stanford
varsity indulged in the last workout
of the season, preliminary to the Big
Tangle at Ewing Field, slated for Sat
urday. Coach Brown put the team
through light limbering up exercises,
the hackfield engaging in several
sprinting races, while the forwards
practiced at getting the ball in the
lineouts, working out under the guid
ance of Jim Wylie.
Tonight the fifteen will be the guests
of the Varsity Theater in Palo Alto.
Tomorrow, accompanied by Coach
Brown, Trainer Reynolds, Graduate
Manager Behrens, and a corps of
newspaper men, the pride of the Card
inal will leave for San Francisco on
the 11:34 train, a special car having
been chartered for the players and i
hangers-on. Large busses will trans
port the fifteen to the Bellevue Motel,
and after lunch, to the playing field.
"Foghorn'' Mtirpliy to Assist.
Plans are under way to have "Fog
horn" Murphy, the renowned baseball
announcer of San Francisco, awake
those in the big city who do not know
of the Big Game. lie will also assist
in the two parades that the Stanford
and Santa Clara rooters are going to
stage.
At 2:30 this afternoon, the Stanford
varsity indulged in the last workout
of the season, preliminary to the Big
Tangle at Ewing Field, slated for Sat
urday. Coach Brown put the team
through light limbering up exercises,
the hackfield engaging in several
sprinting races, while the forwards
practiced at getting the ball in the
lineouts, working out under the guid
ance of Jim Wylie.
Tonight the fifteen will be the guests
of the Varsity Theater in Palo Alto.
Tomorrow, accompanied by Coach
Brown, Trainer Reynolds, Graduate
Manager Behrens, and a corps of
newspaper men, the pride of the Card
inal will leave for San Francisco on
the 11:34 train, a special car having
been chartered for the players and i
hangers-on. Large busses will trans
port the fifteen to the Bellevue Motel,
and after lunch, to the playing field.
"Foghorn'' Mtirpliy to Assist.
Plans are under way to have "Fog
horn" Murphy, the renowned baseball
announcer of San Francisco, awake
those in the big city who do not know
of the Big Game. lie will also assist
in the two parades that the Stanford
and Santa Clara rooters are going to
stage.
At 2:30 this afternoon, the Stanford
varsity indulged in the last workout
of the season, preliminary to the Big
Tangle at Ewing Field, slated for Sat
urday. Coach Brown put the team
through light limbering up exercises,
the hackfield engaging in several
sprinting races, while the forwards
practiced at getting the ball in the
lineouts, working out under the guid
ance of Jim Wylie.
Tonight the fifteen will be the guests
of the Varsity Theater in Palo Alto.
Tomorrow, accompanied by Coach
Brown, Trainer Reynolds, Graduate
Manager Behrens, and a corps of
newspaper men, the pride of the Card
inal will leave for San Francisco on
the 11:34 train, a special car having
been chartered for the players and i
hangers-on. Large busses will trans
port the fifteen to the Bellevue Motel,
and after lunch, to the playing field.
"Foghorn'' Mtirpliy to Assist.
Plans are under way to have "Fog
horn" Murphy, the renowned baseball
announcer of San Francisco, awake
those in the big city who do not know
of the Big Game. lie will also assist
in the two parades that the Stanford
and Santa Clara rooters are going to
stage.
At 2:30 this afternoon, the Stanford
varsity indulged in the last workout
of the season, preliminary to the Big
Tangle at Ewing Field, slated for Sat
urday. Coach Brown put the team
through light limbering up exercises,
the hackfield engaging in several
sprinting races, while the forwards
practiced at getting the ball in the
lineouts, working out under the guid
ance of Jim Wylie.
Tonight the fifteen will be the guests
of the Varsity Theater in Palo Alto.
Tomorrow, accompanied by Coach
Brown, Trainer Reynolds, Graduate
Manager Behrens, and a corps of
newspaper men, the pride of the Card
inal will leave for San Francisco on
the 11:34 train, a special car having
been chartered for the players and i
hangers-on. Large busses will trans
port the fifteen to the Bellevue Motel,
and after lunch, to the playing field.
"Foghorn'' Mtirpliy to Assist.
Plans are under way to have "Fog
horn" Murphy, the renowned baseball
announcer of San Francisco, awake
those in the big city who do not know
of the Big Game. lie will also assist
in the two parades that the Stanford
and Santa Clara rooters are going to
stage.
At 2:30 this afternoon, the Stanford
varsity indulged in the last workout
of the season, preliminary to the Big
Tangle at Ewing Field, slated for Sat
urday. Coach Brown put the team
through light limbering up exercises,
the hackfield engaging in several
sprinting races, while the forwards
practiced at getting the ball in the
lineouts, working out under the guid
ance of Jim Wylie.
Tonight the fifteen will be the guests
of the Varsity Theater in Palo Alto.
Tomorrow, accompanied by Coach
Brown, Trainer Reynolds, Graduate
Manager Behrens, and a corps of
newspaper men, the pride of the Card
inal will leave for San Francisco on
the 11:34 train, a special car having
been chartered for the players and i
hangers-on. Large busses will trans
port the fifteen to the Bellevue Motel,
and after lunch, to the playing field.
"Foghorn'' Mtirpliy to Assist.
Plans are under way to have "Fog
horn" Murphy, the renowned baseball
announcer of San Francisco, awake
those in the big city who do not know
of the Big Game. lie will also assist
in the two parades that the Stanford
and Santa Clara rooters are going to
stage.
At 2:30 this afternoon, the Stanford
varsity indulged in the last workout
of the season, preliminary to the Big
Tangle at Ewing Field, slated for Sat
urday. Coach Brown put the team
through light limbering up exercises,
the hackfield engaging in several
sprinting races, while the forwards
practiced at getting the ball in the
lineouts, working out under the guid
ance of Jim Wylie.
Tonight the fifteen will be the guests
of the Varsity Theater in Palo Alto.
Tomorrow, accompanied by Coach
Brown, Trainer Reynolds, Graduate
Manager Behrens, and a corps of
newspaper men, the pride of the Card
inal will leave for San Francisco on
the 11:34 train, a special car having
been chartered for the players and i
hangers-on. Large busses will trans
port the fifteen to the Bellevue Motel,
and after lunch, to the playing field.
"Foghorn'' Mtirpliy to Assist.
Plans are under way to have "Fog
horn" Murphy, the renowned baseball
announcer of San Francisco, awake
those in the big city who do not know
of the Big Game. lie will also assist
in the two parades that the Stanford
and Santa Clara rooters are going to
stage.
At 2:30 this afternoon, the Stanford
varsity indulged in the last workout
of the season, preliminary to the Big
Tangle at Ewing Field, slated for Sat
urday. Coach Brown put the team
through light limbering up exercises,
the hackfield engaging in several
sprinting races, while the forwards
practiced at getting the ball in the
lineouts, working out under the guid
ance of Jim Wylie.
Tonight the fifteen will be the guests
of the Varsity Theater in Palo Alto.
Tomorrow, accompanied by Coach
Brown, Trainer Reynolds, Graduate
Manager Behrens, and a corps of
newspaper men, the pride of the Card
inal will leave for San Francisco on
the 11:34 train, a special car having
been chartered for the players and i
hangers-on. Large busses will trans
port the fifteen to the Bellevue Motel,
and after lunch, to the playing field.
"Foghorn'' Mtirpliy to Assist.
Plans are under way to have "Fog
horn" Murphy, the renowned baseball
announcer of San Francisco, awake
those in the big city who do not know
of the Big Game. lie will also assist
in the two parades that the Stanford
and Santa Clara rooters are going to
stage.
At 2:30 this afternoon, the Stanford
varsity indulged in the last workout
of the season, preliminary to the Big
Tangle at Ewing Field, slated for Sat
urday. Coach Brown put the team
through light limbering up exercises,
the hackfield engaging in several
sprinting races, while the forwards
practiced at getting the ball in the
lineouts, working out under the guid
ance of Jim Wylie.
Tonight the fifteen will be the guests
of the Varsity Theater in Palo Alto.
Tomorrow, accompanied by Coach
Brown, Trainer Reynolds, Graduate
Manager Behrens, and a corps of
newspaper men, the pride of the Card
inal will leave for San Francisco on
the 11:34 train, a special car having
been chartered for the players and i
hangers-on. Large busses will trans
port the fifteen to the Bellevue Motel,
and after lunch, to the playing field.
"Foghorn'' Mtirpliy to Assist.
Plans are under way to have "Fog
horn" Murphy, the renowned baseball
announcer of San Francisco, awake
those in the big city who do not know
of the Big Game. lie will also assist
in the two parades that the Stanford
and Santa Clara rooters are going to
stage.
At 2:30 this afternoon, the Stanford
varsity indulged in the last workout
of the season, preliminary to the Big
Tangle at Ewing Field, slated for Sat
urday. Coach Brown put the team
through light limbering up exercises,
the hackfield engaging in several
sprinting races, while the forwards
practiced at getting the ball in the
lineouts, working out under the guid
ance of Jim Wylie.
Tonight the fifteen will be the guests
of the Varsity Theater in Palo Alto.
Tomorrow, accompanied by Coach
Brown, Trainer Reynolds, Graduate
Manager Behrens, and a corps of
newspaper men, the pride of the Card
inal will leave for San Francisco on
the 11:34 train, a special car having
been chartered for the players and i
hangers-on. Large busses will trans
port the fifteen to the Bellevue Motel,
and after lunch, to the playing field.
"Foghorn'' Mtirpliy to Assist.
Plans are under way to have "Fog
horn" Murphy, the renowned baseball
announcer of San Francisco, awake
those in the big city who do not know
of the Big Game. lie will also assist
in the two parades that the Stanford
and Santa Clara rooters are going to
stage.
At 2:30 this afternoon, the Stanford
varsity indulged in the last workout
of the season, preliminary to the Big
Tangle at Ewing Field, slated for Sat
urday. Coach Brown put the team
through light limbering up exercises,
the hackfield engaging in several
sprinting races, while the forwards
practiced at getting the ball in the
lineouts, working out under the guid
ance of Jim Wylie.
Tonight the fifteen will be the guests
of the Varsity Theater in Palo Alto.
Tomorrow, accompanied by Coach
Brown, Trainer Reynolds, Graduate
Manager Behrens, and a corps of
newspaper men, the pride of the Card
inal will leave for San Francisco on
the 11:34 train, a special car having
been chartered for the players and i
hangers-on. Large busses will trans
port the fifteen to the Bellevue Motel,
and after lunch, to the playing field.
"Foghorn'' Mtirpliy to Assist.
Plans are under way to have "Fog
horn" Murphy, the renowned baseball
announcer of San Francisco, awake
those in the big city who do not know
of the Big Game. lie will also assist
in the two parades that the Stanford
and Santa Clara rooters are going to
stage.
At 2:30 this afternoon, the Stanford
varsity indulged in the last workout
of the season, preliminary to the Big
Tangle at Ewing Field, slated for Sat
urday. Coach Brown put the team
through light limbering up exercises,
the hackfield engaging in several
sprinting races, while the forwards
practiced at getting the ball in the
lineouts, working out under the guid
ance of Jim Wylie.
Tonight the fifteen will be the guests
of the Varsity Theater in Palo Alto.
Tomorrow, accompanied by Coach
Brown, Trainer Reynolds, Graduate
Manager Behrens, and a corps of
newspaper men, the pride of the Card
inal will leave for San Francisco on
the 11:34 train, a special car having
been chartered for the players and i
hangers-on. Large busses will trans
port the fifteen to the Bellevue Motel,
and after lunch, to the playing field.
"Foghorn'' Mtirpliy to Assist.
Plans are under way to have "Fog
horn" Murphy, the renowned baseball
announcer of San Francisco, awake
those in the big city who do not know
of the Big Game. lie will also assist
in the two parades that the Stanford
and Santa Clara rooters are going to
stage.
At 2:30 this afternoon, the Stanford
varsity indulged in the last workout
of the season, preliminary to the Big
Tangle at Ewing Field, slated for Sat
urday. Coach Brown put the team
through light limbering up exercises,
the hackfield engaging in several
sprinting races, while the forwards
practiced at getting the ball in the
lineouts, working out under the guid
ance of Jim Wylie.
Tonight the fifteen will be the guests
of the Varsity Theater in Palo Alto.
Tomorrow, accompanied by Coach
Brown, Trainer Reynolds, Graduate
Manager Behrens, and a corps of
newspaper men, the pride of the Card
inal will leave for San Francisco on
the 11:34 train, a special car having
been chartered for the players and i
hangers-on. Large busses will trans
port the fifteen to the Bellevue Motel,
and after lunch, to the playing field.
"Foghorn'' Mtirpliy to Assist.
Plans are under way to have "Fog
horn" Murphy, the renowned baseball
announcer of San Francisco, awake
those in the big city who do not know
of the Big Game. lie will also assist
in the two parades that the Stanford
and Santa Clara rooters are going to
stage.
At 2:30 this afternoon, the Stanford
varsity indulged in the last workout
of the season, preliminary to the Big
Tangle at Ewing Field, slated for Sat
urday. Coach Brown put the team
through light limbering up exercises,
the hackfield engaging in several
sprinting races, while the forwards
practiced at getting the ball in the
lineouts, working out under the guid
ance of Jim Wylie.
Tonight the fifteen will be the guests
of the Varsity Theater in Palo Alto.
Tomorrow, accompanied by Coach
Brown, Trainer Reynolds, Graduate
Manager Behrens, and a corps of
newspaper men, the pride of the Card
inal will leave for San Francisco on
the 11:34 train, a special car having
been chartered for the players and i
hangers-on. Large busses will trans
port the fifteen to the Bellevue Motel,
and after lunch, to the playing field.
"Foghorn'' Mtirpliy to Assist.
Plans are under way to have "Fog
horn" Murphy, the renowned baseball
announcer of San Francisco, awake
those in the big city who do not know
of the Big Game. lie will also assist
in the two parades that the Stanford
and Santa Clara rooters are going to
stage.
