# Knitters Must Return Garments to Red Cross
## 
### 
All women who are knitting for the
Stanford Red Cross must turn their
knitted garments in to Miss Henrietta
Dickey, '20, before Saturday morning.
Miss Dickey will be in the locker room
of the Women's Club House from 9
o'clock until 12. After this time those
still holding wool or unfinished ar
ticles will he obliged to pay for them.
All women who are knitting for the
Stanford Red Cross must turn their
knitted garments in to Miss Henrietta
Dickey, '20, before Saturday morning.
Miss Dickey will be in the locker room
of the Women's Club House from 9
o'clock until 12. After this time those
still holding wool or unfinished ar
ticles will he obliged to pay for them.
All women who are knitting for the
Stanford Red Cross must turn their
knitted garments in to Miss Henrietta
Dickey, '20, before Saturday morning.
Miss Dickey will be in the locker room
of the Women's Club House from 9
o'clock until 12. After this time those
still holding wool or unfinished ar
ticles will he obliged to pay for them.
All women who are knitting for the
Stanford Red Cross must turn their
knitted garments in to Miss Henrietta
Dickey, '20, before Saturday morning.
Miss Dickey will be in the locker room
of the Women's Club House from 9
o'clock until 12. After this time those
still holding wool or unfinished ar
ticles will he obliged to pay for them.
All women who are knitting for the
Stanford Red Cross must turn their
knitted garments in to Miss Henrietta
Dickey, '20, before Saturday morning.
Miss Dickey will be in the locker room
of the Women's Club House from 9
o'clock until 12. After this time those
still holding wool or unfinished ar
ticles will he obliged to pay for them.
All women who are knitting for the
Stanford Red Cross must turn their
knitted garments in to Miss Henrietta
Dickey, '20, before Saturday morning.
Miss Dickey will be in the locker room
of the Women's Club House from 9
o'clock until 12. After this time those
still holding wool or unfinished ar
ticles will he obliged to pay for them.
All women who are knitting for the
Stanford Red Cross must turn their
knitted garments in to Miss Henrietta
Dickey, '20, before Saturday morning.
Miss Dickey will be in the locker room
of the Women's Club House from 9
o'clock until 12. After this time those
still holding wool or unfinished ar
ticles will he obliged to pay for them.
All women who are knitting for the
Stanford Red Cross must turn their
knitted garments in to Miss Henrietta
Dickey, '20, before Saturday morning.
Miss Dickey will be in the locker room
of the Women's Club House from 9
o'clock until 12. After this time those
still holding wool or unfinished ar
ticles will he obliged to pay for them.
All women who are knitting for the
Stanford Red Cross must turn their
knitted garments in to Miss Henrietta
Dickey, '20, before Saturday morning.
Miss Dickey will be in the locker room
of the Women's Club House from 9
o'clock until 12. After this time those
still holding wool or unfinished ar
ticles will he obliged to pay for them.
All women who are knitting for the
Stanford Red Cross must turn their
knitted garments in to Miss Henrietta
Dickey, '20, before Saturday morning.
Miss Dickey will be in the locker room
of the Women's Club House from 9
o'clock until 12. After this time those
still holding wool or unfinished ar
ticles will he obliged to pay for them.
All women who are knitting for the
Stanford Red Cross must turn their
knitted garments in to Miss Henrietta
Dickey, '20, before Saturday morning.
Miss Dickey will be in the locker room
of the Women's Club House from 9
o'clock until 12. After this time those
still holding wool or unfinished ar
ticles will he obliged to pay for them.
All women who are knitting for the
Stanford Red Cross must turn their
knitted garments in to Miss Henrietta
Dickey, '20, before Saturday morning.
Miss Dickey will be in the locker room
of the Women's Club House from 9
o'clock until 12. After this time those
still holding wool or unfinished ar
ticles will he obliged to pay for them.
All women who are knitting for the
Stanford Red Cross must turn their
knitted garments in to Miss Henrietta
Dickey, '20, before Saturday morning.
Miss Dickey will be in the locker room
of the Women's Club House from 9
o'clock until 12. After this time those
still holding wool or unfinished ar
ticles will he obliged to pay for them.
All women who are knitting for the
Stanford Red Cross must turn their
knitted garments in to Miss Henrietta
Dickey, '20, before Saturday morning.
Miss Dickey will be in the locker room
of the Women's Club House from 9
o'clock until 12. After this time those
still holding wool or unfinished ar
ticles will he obliged to pay for them.
All women who are knitting for the
Stanford Red Cross must turn their
knitted garments in to Miss Henrietta
Dickey, '20, before Saturday morning.
Miss Dickey will be in the locker room
of the Women's Club House from 9
o'clock until 12. After this time those
still holding wool or unfinished ar
ticles will he obliged to pay for them.
