# Adv. 15 Page 6
## 
### 
There Are Only
33
MORE DAYS
• To get your plane reserva
tions home
• To plan your summer va
cation
®To decide on the "honey,
moon" trip
But you can call on your
PENINSULA
TRAVEL SERVICE
t~ny day
261 Hamilton Avenue
Mezzanine Mcdico-Dental Bid?;.
PA 2-4763
AIR and STEAMSHIP
TICKETS and TOURS
There Are Only
33
MORE DAYS
• To get your plane reserva
tions home
• To plan your summer va
cation
®To decide on the "honey,
moon" trip
But you can call on your
PENINSULA
TRAVEL SERVICE
t~ny day
261 Hamilton Avenue
Mezzanine Mcdico-Dental Bid?;.
PA 2-4763
AIR and STEAMSHIP
TICKETS and TOURS
There Are Only
33
MORE DAYS
• To get your plane reserva
tions home
• To plan your summer va
cation
®To decide on the "honey,
moon" trip
But you can call on your
PENINSULA
TRAVEL SERVICE
t~ny day
261 Hamilton Avenue
Mezzanine Mcdico-Dental Bid?;.
PA 2-4763
AIR and STEAMSHIP
TICKETS and TOURS
There Are Only
33
MORE DAYS
• To get your plane reserva
tions home
• To plan your summer va
cation
®To decide on the "honey,
moon" trip
But you can call on your
PENINSULA
TRAVEL SERVICE
t~ny day
261 Hamilton Avenue
Mezzanine Mcdico-Dental Bid?;.
PA 2-4763
AIR and STEAMSHIP
TICKETS and TOURS
There Are Only
33
MORE DAYS
• To get your plane reserva
tions home
• To plan your summer va
cation
®To decide on the "honey,
moon" trip
But you can call on your
PENINSULA
TRAVEL SERVICE
t~ny day
261 Hamilton Avenue
Mezzanine Mcdico-Dental Bid?;.
PA 2-4763
AIR and STEAMSHIP
TICKETS and TOURS
There Are Only
33
MORE DAYS
• To get your plane reserva
tions home
• To plan your summer va
cation
®To decide on the "honey,
moon" trip
But you can call on your
PENINSULA
TRAVEL SERVICE
t~ny day
261 Hamilton Avenue
Mezzanine Mcdico-Dental Bid?;.
PA 2-4763
AIR and STEAMSHIP
TICKETS and TOURS
There Are Only
33
MORE DAYS
• To get your plane reserva
tions home
• To plan your summer va
cation
®To decide on the "honey,
moon" trip
But you can call on your
PENINSULA
TRAVEL SERVICE
t~ny day
261 Hamilton Avenue
Mezzanine Mcdico-Dental Bid?;.
PA 2-4763
AIR and STEAMSHIP
TICKETS and TOURS
There Are Only
33
MORE DAYS
• To get your plane reserva
tions home
• To plan your summer va
cation
®To decide on the "honey,
moon" trip
But you can call on your
PENINSULA
TRAVEL SERVICE
t~ny day
261 Hamilton Avenue
Mezzanine Mcdico-Dental Bid?;.
PA 2-4763
AIR and STEAMSHIP
TICKETS and TOURS
There Are Only
33
MORE DAYS
• To get your plane reserva
tions home
• To plan your summer va
cation
®To decide on the "honey,
moon" trip
But you can call on your
PENINSULA
TRAVEL SERVICE
t~ny day
261 Hamilton Avenue
Mezzanine Mcdico-Dental Bid?;.
PA 2-4763
AIR and STEAMSHIP
TICKETS and TOURS
There Are Only
33
MORE DAYS
• To get your plane reserva
tions home
• To plan your summer va
cation
®To decide on the "honey,
moon" trip
But you can call on your
PENINSULA
TRAVEL SERVICE
t~ny day
261 Hamilton Avenue
Mezzanine Mcdico-Dental Bid?;.
PA 2-4763
AIR and STEAMSHIP
TICKETS and TOURS
There Are Only
33
MORE DAYS
• To get your plane reserva
tions home
• To plan your summer va
cation
®To decide on the "honey,
moon" trip
But you can call on your
PENINSULA
TRAVEL SERVICE
t~ny day
261 Hamilton Avenue
Mezzanine Mcdico-Dental Bid?;.
PA 2-4763
AIR and STEAMSHIP
TICKETS and TOURS
There Are Only
33
MORE DAYS
• To get your plane reserva
tions home
• To plan your summer va
cation
®To decide on the "honey,
moon" trip
But you can call on your
PENINSULA
TRAVEL SERVICE
t~ny day
261 Hamilton Avenue
Mezzanine Mcdico-Dental Bid?;.
PA 2-4763
AIR and STEAMSHIP
TICKETS and TOURS
There Are Only
33
MORE DAYS
• To get your plane reserva
tions home
• To plan your summer va
cation
®To decide on the "honey,
moon" trip
But you can call on your
PENINSULA
TRAVEL SERVICE
t~ny day
261 Hamilton Avenue
Mezzanine Mcdico-Dental Bid?;.
PA 2-4763
AIR and STEAMSHIP
TICKETS and TOURS
There Are Only
33
MORE DAYS
• To get your plane reserva
tions home
• To plan your summer va
cation
®To decide on the "honey,
moon" trip
But you can call on your
PENINSULA
TRAVEL SERVICE
t~ny day
261 Hamilton Avenue
Mezzanine Mcdico-Dental Bid?;.
PA 2-4763
AIR and STEAMSHIP
TICKETS and TOURS
There Are Only
33
MORE DAYS
• To get your plane reserva
tions home
• To plan your summer va
cation
®To decide on the "honey,
moon" trip
But you can call on your
PENINSULA
TRAVEL SERVICE
t~ny day
261 Hamilton Avenue
Mezzanine Mcdico-Dental Bid?;.
PA 2-4763
AIR and STEAMSHIP
TICKETS and TOURS
