# UNDER THE WEATHER...
## 
### 
Palo Alto Hospital—Edward El
liott.
Men's Rest Home—John Holmes, j
Gordon Ness.
Women's Rest Home—Anne Iler
aty, Mary E. Hill.
Palo Alto Hospital—Edward El
liott.
Men's Rest Home—John Holmes, j
Gordon Ness.
Women's Rest Home—Anne Iler
aty, Mary E. Hill.
Palo Alto Hospital—Edward El
liott.
Men's Rest Home—John Holmes, j
Gordon Ness.
Women's Rest Home—Anne Iler
aty, Mary E. Hill.
Palo Alto Hospital—Edward El
liott.
Men's Rest Home—John Holmes, j
Gordon Ness.
Women's Rest Home—Anne Iler
aty, Mary E. Hill.
Palo Alto Hospital—Edward El
liott.
Men's Rest Home—John Holmes, j
Gordon Ness.
Women's Rest Home—Anne Iler
aty, Mary E. Hill.
Palo Alto Hospital—Edward El
liott.
Men's Rest Home—John Holmes, j
Gordon Ness.
Women's Rest Home—Anne Iler
aty, Mary E. Hill.
Palo Alto Hospital—Edward El
liott.
Men's Rest Home—John Holmes, j
Gordon Ness.
Women's Rest Home—Anne Iler
aty, Mary E. Hill.
Palo Alto Hospital—Edward El
liott.
Men's Rest Home—John Holmes, j
Gordon Ness.
Women's Rest Home—Anne Iler
aty, Mary E. Hill.
Palo Alto Hospital—Edward El
liott.
Men's Rest Home—John Holmes, j
Gordon Ness.
Women's Rest Home—Anne Iler
aty, Mary E. Hill.
Palo Alto Hospital—Edward El
liott.
Men's Rest Home—John Holmes, j
Gordon Ness.
Women's Rest Home—Anne Iler
aty, Mary E. Hill.
Palo Alto Hospital—Edward El
liott.
Men's Rest Home—John Holmes, j
Gordon Ness.
Women's Rest Home—Anne Iler
aty, Mary E. Hill.
Palo Alto Hospital—Edward El
liott.
Men's Rest Home—John Holmes, j
Gordon Ness.
Women's Rest Home—Anne Iler
aty, Mary E. Hill.
Palo Alto Hospital—Edward El
liott.
Men's Rest Home—John Holmes, j
Gordon Ness.
Women's Rest Home—Anne Iler
aty, Mary E. Hill.
Palo Alto Hospital—Edward El
liott.
Men's Rest Home—John Holmes, j
Gordon Ness.
Women's Rest Home—Anne Iler
aty, Mary E. Hill.
Palo Alto Hospital—Edward El
liott.
Men's Rest Home—John Holmes, j
Gordon Ness.
Women's Rest Home—Anne Iler
aty, Mary E. Hill.
