# TEN SPOTS
## Cardinal Tryouts End Today 
### 
Today is the deadline for sopho
mores, juniors, and seniors to try
out for 10 positions open on Cardi
nals for next year. Tryouts for the
honorary organization will be held
in the ASSU office from 4 to 6 p.m.
"Positions are open for three sen
ior men, two senior women, three
junior men, and two junior women.
Other mTrWbeff !WiUfl£> A'SSTI "Wf*-
president, the co-chairmen of Rally
Com, and the co-chairmen of Ac
tivities Council.
Choice of members will be made
upon the basis of availability for
work, new ideas offered, past expe
rience. and interest shown in ac
tivities.
Cardinals yearly sponsors the Red
Cross drive, the current Convales
cent Home drive, all ASSU-spon
sored dances. Homecoming week,
Rally Com, and pre-registration ac
tivities.
Today is the deadline for sopho
mores, juniors, and seniors to try
out for 10 positions open on Cardi
nals for next year. Tryouts for the
honorary organization will be held
in the ASSU office from 4 to 6 p.m.
"Positions are open for three sen
ior men, two senior women, three
junior men, and two junior women.
Other mTrWbeff !WiUfl£> A'SSTI "Wf*-
president, the co-chairmen of Rally
Com, and the co-chairmen of Ac
tivities Council.
Choice of members will be made
upon the basis of availability for
work, new ideas offered, past expe
rience. and interest shown in ac
tivities.
Cardinals yearly sponsors the Red
Cross drive, the current Convales
cent Home drive, all ASSU-spon
sored dances. Homecoming week,
Rally Com, and pre-registration ac
tivities.
Today is the deadline for sopho
mores, juniors, and seniors to try
out for 10 positions open on Cardi
nals for next year. Tryouts for the
honorary organization will be held
in the ASSU office from 4 to 6 p.m.
"Positions are open for three sen
ior men, two senior women, three
junior men, and two junior women.
Other mTrWbeff !WiUfl£> A'SSTI "Wf*-
president, the co-chairmen of Rally
Com, and the co-chairmen of Ac
tivities Council.
Choice of members will be made
upon the basis of availability for
work, new ideas offered, past expe
rience. and interest shown in ac
tivities.
Cardinals yearly sponsors the Red
Cross drive, the current Convales
cent Home drive, all ASSU-spon
sored dances. Homecoming week,
Rally Com, and pre-registration ac
tivities.
Today is the deadline for sopho
mores, juniors, and seniors to try
out for 10 positions open on Cardi
nals for next year. Tryouts for the
honorary organization will be held
in the ASSU office from 4 to 6 p.m.
"Positions are open for three sen
ior men, two senior women, three
junior men, and two junior women.
Other mTrWbeff !WiUfl£> A'SSTI "Wf*-
president, the co-chairmen of Rally
Com, and the co-chairmen of Ac
tivities Council.
Choice of members will be made
upon the basis of availability for
work, new ideas offered, past expe
rience. and interest shown in ac
tivities.
Cardinals yearly sponsors the Red
Cross drive, the current Convales
cent Home drive, all ASSU-spon
sored dances. Homecoming week,
Rally Com, and pre-registration ac
tivities.
Today is the deadline for sopho
mores, juniors, and seniors to try
out for 10 positions open on Cardi
nals for next year. Tryouts for the
honorary organization will be held
in the ASSU office from 4 to 6 p.m.
"Positions are open for three sen
ior men, two senior women, three
junior men, and two junior women.
Other mTrWbeff !WiUfl£> A'SSTI "Wf*-
president, the co-chairmen of Rally
Com, and the co-chairmen of Ac
tivities Council.
Choice of members will be made
upon the basis of availability for
work, new ideas offered, past expe
rience. and interest shown in ac
tivities.
Cardinals yearly sponsors the Red
Cross drive, the current Convales
cent Home drive, all ASSU-spon
sored dances. Homecoming week,
Rally Com, and pre-registration ac
tivities.
Today is the deadline for sopho
mores, juniors, and seniors to try
out for 10 positions open on Cardi
nals for next year. Tryouts for the
honorary organization will be held
in the ASSU office from 4 to 6 p.m.
"Positions are open for three sen
ior men, two senior women, three
junior men, and two junior women.
Other mTrWbeff !WiUfl£> A'SSTI "Wf*-
president, the co-chairmen of Rally
Com, and the co-chairmen of Ac
tivities Council.
Choice of members will be made
upon the basis of availability for
work, new ideas offered, past expe
rience. and interest shown in ac
tivities.
Cardinals yearly sponsors the Red
Cross drive, the current Convales
cent Home drive, all ASSU-spon
sored dances. Homecoming week,
Rally Com, and pre-registration ac
tivities.
Today is the deadline for sopho
mores, juniors, and seniors to try
out for 10 positions open on Cardi
nals for next year. Tryouts for the
honorary organization will be held
in the ASSU office from 4 to 6 p.m.
"Positions are open for three sen
ior men, two senior women, three
junior men, and two junior women.
Other mTrWbeff !WiUfl£> A'SSTI "Wf*-
president, the co-chairmen of Rally
Com, and the co-chairmen of Ac
tivities Council.
Choice of members will be made
upon the basis of availability for
work, new ideas offered, past expe
rience. and interest shown in ac
tivities.
Cardinals yearly sponsors the Red
Cross drive, the current Convales
cent Home drive, all ASSU-spon
sored dances. Homecoming week,
Rally Com, and pre-registration ac
tivities.
Today is the deadline for sopho
mores, juniors, and seniors to try
out for 10 positions open on Cardi
nals for next year. Tryouts for the
honorary organization will be held
in the ASSU office from 4 to 6 p.m.
"Positions are open for three sen
ior men, two senior women, three
junior men, and two junior women.
Other mTrWbeff !WiUfl£> A'SSTI "Wf*-
president, the co-chairmen of Rally
Com, and the co-chairmen of Ac
tivities Council.
Choice of members will be made
upon the basis of availability for
work, new ideas offered, past expe
rience. and interest shown in ac
tivities.
Cardinals yearly sponsors the Red
Cross drive, the current Convales
cent Home drive, all ASSU-spon
sored dances. Homecoming week,
Rally Com, and pre-registration ac
tivities.
Today is the deadline for sopho
mores, juniors, and seniors to try
out for 10 positions open on Cardi
nals for next year. Tryouts for the
honorary organization will be held
in the ASSU office from 4 to 6 p.m.
"Positions are open for three sen
ior men, two senior women, three
junior men, and two junior women.
Other mTrWbeff !WiUfl£> A'SSTI "Wf*-
president, the co-chairmen of Rally
Com, and the co-chairmen of Ac
tivities Council.
Choice of members will be made
upon the basis of availability for
work, new ideas offered, past expe
rience. and interest shown in ac
tivities.
Cardinals yearly sponsors the Red
Cross drive, the current Convales
cent Home drive, all ASSU-spon
sored dances. Homecoming week,
Rally Com, and pre-registration ac
tivities.
Today is the deadline for sopho
mores, juniors, and seniors to try
out for 10 positions open on Cardi
nals for next year. Tryouts for the
honorary organization will be held
in the ASSU office from 4 to 6 p.m.
"Positions are open for three sen
ior men, two senior women, three
junior men, and two junior women.
Other mTrWbeff !WiUfl£> A'SSTI "Wf*-
president, the co-chairmen of Rally
Com, and the co-chairmen of Ac
tivities Council.
Choice of members will be made
upon the basis of availability for
work, new ideas offered, past expe
rience. and interest shown in ac
tivities.
Cardinals yearly sponsors the Red
Cross drive, the current Convales
cent Home drive, all ASSU-spon
sored dances. Homecoming week,
Rally Com, and pre-registration ac
tivities.
Today is the deadline for sopho
mores, juniors, and seniors to try
out for 10 positions open on Cardi
nals for next year. Tryouts for the
honorary organization will be held
in the ASSU office from 4 to 6 p.m.
"Positions are open for three sen
ior men, two senior women, three
junior men, and two junior women.
Other mTrWbeff !WiUfl£> A'SSTI "Wf*-
president, the co-chairmen of Rally
Com, and the co-chairmen of Ac
tivities Council.
Choice of members will be made
upon the basis of availability for
work, new ideas offered, past expe
rience. and interest shown in ac
tivities.
Cardinals yearly sponsors the Red
Cross drive, the current Convales
cent Home drive, all ASSU-spon
sored dances. Homecoming week,
Rally Com, and pre-registration ac
tivities.
Today is the deadline for sopho
mores, juniors, and seniors to try
out for 10 positions open on Cardi
nals for next year. Tryouts for the
honorary organization will be held
in the ASSU office from 4 to 6 p.m.
"Positions are open for three sen
ior men, two senior women, three
junior men, and two junior women.
Other mTrWbeff !WiUfl£> A'SSTI "Wf*-
president, the co-chairmen of Rally
Com, and the co-chairmen of Ac
tivities Council.
Choice of members will be made
upon the basis of availability for
work, new ideas offered, past expe
rience. and interest shown in ac
tivities.
Cardinals yearly sponsors the Red
Cross drive, the current Convales
cent Home drive, all ASSU-spon
sored dances. Homecoming week,
Rally Com, and pre-registration ac
tivities.
Today is the deadline for sopho
mores, juniors, and seniors to try
out for 10 positions open on Cardi
nals for next year. Tryouts for the
honorary organization will be held
in the ASSU office from 4 to 6 p.m.
"Positions are open for three sen
ior men, two senior women, three
junior men, and two junior women.
Other mTrWbeff !WiUfl£> A'SSTI "Wf*-
president, the co-chairmen of Rally
Com, and the co-chairmen of Ac
tivities Council.
Choice of members will be made
upon the basis of availability for
work, new ideas offered, past expe
rience. and interest shown in ac
tivities.
Cardinals yearly sponsors the Red
Cross drive, the current Convales
cent Home drive, all ASSU-spon
sored dances. Homecoming week,
Rally Com, and pre-registration ac
tivities.
Today is the deadline for sopho
mores, juniors, and seniors to try
out for 10 positions open on Cardi
nals for next year. Tryouts for the
honorary organization will be held
in the ASSU office from 4 to 6 p.m.
"Positions are open for three sen
ior men, two senior women, three
junior men, and two junior women.
Other mTrWbeff !WiUfl£> A'SSTI "Wf*-
president, the co-chairmen of Rally
Com, and the co-chairmen of Ac
tivities Council.
Choice of members will be made
upon the basis of availability for
work, new ideas offered, past expe
rience. and interest shown in ac
tivities.
Cardinals yearly sponsors the Red
Cross drive, the current Convales
cent Home drive, all ASSU-spon
sored dances. Homecoming week,
Rally Com, and pre-registration ac
tivities.
Today is the deadline for sopho
mores, juniors, and seniors to try
out for 10 positions open on Cardi
nals for next year. Tryouts for the
honorary organization will be held
in the ASSU office from 4 to 6 p.m.
"Positions are open for three sen
ior men, two senior women, three
junior men, and two junior women.
Other mTrWbeff !WiUfl£> A'SSTI "Wf*-
president, the co-chairmen of Rally
Com, and the co-chairmen of Ac
tivities Council.
Choice of members will be made
upon the basis of availability for
work, new ideas offered, past expe
rience. and interest shown in ac
tivities.
Cardinals yearly sponsors the Red
Cross drive, the current Convales
cent Home drive, all ASSU-spon
sored dances. Homecoming week,
Rally Com, and pre-registration ac
tivities.
