# Commissions Open to Vets
## 
### 
The United States Air Force has
announced that it will commission
into its regular component a few
individuals who formerly served in
the Air Force in World War II as
officers or enlisted men.
Individuals who are now gradu
ate students in the following fields
are acceptable for this program:
Civil engineering, electricity,
physics, meteorology, law, chemical
engineering, electrical engineering,
industrial and production engineer
ing, metallurgy, physiology, psy
chology, and aeronautical engineer
ing.
Individua's selected must have a
prior record of honorable and effi
cient service in the Air Force since
Dec. 7. 1941. They must not have
reached their 27th birthday except
in cases in which the age above 27
is not more than the number of
years, month's, and days of active
commissioned service during the
period Dec. 7, 1941, to Sept. 2, 1945.
Former Air Force personnel who
are interested should write to Com
manding Officer, USAF Student
Detachment, RGTC Headquarters,
Stanford University, giving full
name, address, and telephone num
ber. A meeting will be called in
the near future to give more com
plete information.
The United States Air Force has
announced that it will commission
into its regular component a few
individuals who formerly served in
the Air Force in World War II as
officers or enlisted men.
Individuals who are now gradu
ate students in the following fields
are acceptable for this program:
Civil engineering, electricity,
physics, meteorology, law, chemical
engineering, electrical engineering,
industrial and production engineer
ing, metallurgy, physiology, psy
chology, and aeronautical engineer
ing.
Individua's selected must have a
prior record of honorable and effi
cient service in the Air Force since
Dec. 7. 1941. They must not have
reached their 27th birthday except
in cases in which the age above 27
is not more than the number of
years, month's, and days of active
commissioned service during the
period Dec. 7, 1941, to Sept. 2, 1945.
Former Air Force personnel who
are interested should write to Com
manding Officer, USAF Student
Detachment, RGTC Headquarters,
Stanford University, giving full
name, address, and telephone num
ber. A meeting will be called in
the near future to give more com
plete information.
The United States Air Force has
announced that it will commission
into its regular component a few
individuals who formerly served in
the Air Force in World War II as
officers or enlisted men.
Individuals who are now gradu
ate students in the following fields
are acceptable for this program:
Civil engineering, electricity,
physics, meteorology, law, chemical
engineering, electrical engineering,
industrial and production engineer
ing, metallurgy, physiology, psy
chology, and aeronautical engineer
ing.
Individua's selected must have a
prior record of honorable and effi
cient service in the Air Force since
Dec. 7. 1941. They must not have
reached their 27th birthday except
in cases in which the age above 27
is not more than the number of
years, month's, and days of active
commissioned service during the
period Dec. 7, 1941, to Sept. 2, 1945.
Former Air Force personnel who
are interested should write to Com
manding Officer, USAF Student
Detachment, RGTC Headquarters,
Stanford University, giving full
name, address, and telephone num
ber. A meeting will be called in
the near future to give more com
plete information.
The United States Air Force has
announced that it will commission
into its regular component a few
individuals who formerly served in
the Air Force in World War II as
officers or enlisted men.
Individuals who are now gradu
ate students in the following fields
are acceptable for this program:
Civil engineering, electricity,
physics, meteorology, law, chemical
engineering, electrical engineering,
industrial and production engineer
ing, metallurgy, physiology, psy
chology, and aeronautical engineer
ing.
Individua's selected must have a
prior record of honorable and effi
cient service in the Air Force since
Dec. 7. 1941. They must not have
reached their 27th birthday except
in cases in which the age above 27
is not more than the number of
years, month's, and days of active
commissioned service during the
period Dec. 7, 1941, to Sept. 2, 1945.
Former Air Force personnel who
are interested should write to Com
manding Officer, USAF Student
Detachment, RGTC Headquarters,
Stanford University, giving full
name, address, and telephone num
ber. A meeting will be called in
the near future to give more com
plete information.
The United States Air Force has
announced that it will commission
into its regular component a few
individuals who formerly served in
the Air Force in World War II as
officers or enlisted men.
Individuals who are now gradu
ate students in the following fields
are acceptable for this program:
Civil engineering, electricity,
physics, meteorology, law, chemical
engineering, electrical engineering,
industrial and production engineer
ing, metallurgy, physiology, psy
chology, and aeronautical engineer
ing.
Individua's selected must have a
prior record of honorable and effi
cient service in the Air Force since
Dec. 7. 1941. They must not have
reached their 27th birthday except
in cases in which the age above 27
is not more than the number of
years, month's, and days of active
commissioned service during the
period Dec. 7, 1941, to Sept. 2, 1945.
Former Air Force personnel who
are interested should write to Com
manding Officer, USAF Student
Detachment, RGTC Headquarters,
Stanford University, giving full
name, address, and telephone num
ber. A meeting will be called in
the near future to give more com
plete information.
The United States Air Force has
announced that it will commission
into its regular component a few
individuals who formerly served in
the Air Force in World War II as
officers or enlisted men.
Individuals who are now gradu
ate students in the following fields
are acceptable for this program:
Civil engineering, electricity,
physics, meteorology, law, chemical
engineering, electrical engineering,
industrial and production engineer
ing, metallurgy, physiology, psy
chology, and aeronautical engineer
ing.
Individua's selected must have a
prior record of honorable and effi
cient service in the Air Force since
Dec. 7. 1941. They must not have
reached their 27th birthday except
in cases in which the age above 27
is not more than the number of
years, month's, and days of active
commissioned service during the
period Dec. 7, 1941, to Sept. 2, 1945.
Former Air Force personnel who
are interested should write to Com
manding Officer, USAF Student
Detachment, RGTC Headquarters,
Stanford University, giving full
name, address, and telephone num
ber. A meeting will be called in
the near future to give more com
plete information.
The United States Air Force has
announced that it will commission
into its regular component a few
individuals who formerly served in
the Air Force in World War II as
officers or enlisted men.
Individuals who are now gradu
ate students in the following fields
are acceptable for this program:
Civil engineering, electricity,
physics, meteorology, law, chemical
engineering, electrical engineering,
industrial and production engineer
ing, metallurgy, physiology, psy
chology, and aeronautical engineer
ing.
Individua's selected must have a
prior record of honorable and effi
cient service in the Air Force since
Dec. 7. 1941. They must not have
reached their 27th birthday except
in cases in which the age above 27
is not more than the number of
years, month's, and days of active
commissioned service during the
period Dec. 7, 1941, to Sept. 2, 1945.
Former Air Force personnel who
are interested should write to Com
manding Officer, USAF Student
Detachment, RGTC Headquarters,
Stanford University, giving full
name, address, and telephone num
ber. A meeting will be called in
the near future to give more com
plete information.
The United States Air Force has
announced that it will commission
into its regular component a few
individuals who formerly served in
the Air Force in World War II as
officers or enlisted men.
Individuals who are now gradu
ate students in the following fields
are acceptable for this program:
Civil engineering, electricity,
physics, meteorology, law, chemical
engineering, electrical engineering,
industrial and production engineer
ing, metallurgy, physiology, psy
chology, and aeronautical engineer
ing.
Individua's selected must have a
prior record of honorable and effi
cient service in the Air Force since
Dec. 7. 1941. They must not have
reached their 27th birthday except
in cases in which the age above 27
is not more than the number of
years, month's, and days of active
commissioned service during the
period Dec. 7, 1941, to Sept. 2, 1945.
Former Air Force personnel who
are interested should write to Com
manding Officer, USAF Student
Detachment, RGTC Headquarters,
Stanford University, giving full
name, address, and telephone num
ber. A meeting will be called in
the near future to give more com
plete information.
The United States Air Force has
announced that it will commission
into its regular component a few
individuals who formerly served in
the Air Force in World War II as
officers or enlisted men.
Individuals who are now gradu
ate students in the following fields
are acceptable for this program:
Civil engineering, electricity,
physics, meteorology, law, chemical
engineering, electrical engineering,
industrial and production engineer
ing, metallurgy, physiology, psy
chology, and aeronautical engineer
ing.
Individua's selected must have a
prior record of honorable and effi
cient service in the Air Force since
Dec. 7. 1941. They must not have
reached their 27th birthday except
in cases in which the age above 27
is not more than the number of
years, month's, and days of active
commissioned service during the
period Dec. 7, 1941, to Sept. 2, 1945.
Former Air Force personnel who
are interested should write to Com
manding Officer, USAF Student
Detachment, RGTC Headquarters,
Stanford University, giving full
name, address, and telephone num
ber. A meeting will be called in
the near future to give more com
plete information.
The United States Air Force has
announced that it will commission
into its regular component a few
individuals who formerly served in
the Air Force in World War II as
officers or enlisted men.
Individuals who are now gradu
ate students in the following fields
are acceptable for this program:
Civil engineering, electricity,
physics, meteorology, law, chemical
engineering, electrical engineering,
industrial and production engineer
ing, metallurgy, physiology, psy
chology, and aeronautical engineer
ing.
Individua's selected must have a
prior record of honorable and effi
cient service in the Air Force since
Dec. 7. 1941. They must not have
reached their 27th birthday except
in cases in which the age above 27
is not more than the number of
years, month's, and days of active
commissioned service during the
period Dec. 7, 1941, to Sept. 2, 1945.
Former Air Force personnel who
are interested should write to Com
manding Officer, USAF Student
Detachment, RGTC Headquarters,
Stanford University, giving full
name, address, and telephone num
ber. A meeting will be called in
the near future to give more com
plete information.
The United States Air Force has
announced that it will commission
into its regular component a few
individuals who formerly served in
the Air Force in World War II as
officers or enlisted men.
Individuals who are now gradu
ate students in the following fields
are acceptable for this program:
Civil engineering, electricity,
physics, meteorology, law, chemical
engineering, electrical engineering,
industrial and production engineer
ing, metallurgy, physiology, psy
chology, and aeronautical engineer
ing.
Individua's selected must have a
prior record of honorable and effi
cient service in the Air Force since
Dec. 7. 1941. They must not have
reached their 27th birthday except
in cases in which the age above 27
is not more than the number of
years, month's, and days of active
commissioned service during the
period Dec. 7, 1941, to Sept. 2, 1945.
Former Air Force personnel who
are interested should write to Com
manding Officer, USAF Student
Detachment, RGTC Headquarters,
Stanford University, giving full
name, address, and telephone num
ber. A meeting will be called in
the near future to give more com
plete information.
The United States Air Force has
announced that it will commission
into its regular component a few
individuals who formerly served in
the Air Force in World War II as
officers or enlisted men.
Individuals who are now gradu
ate students in the following fields
are acceptable for this program:
Civil engineering, electricity,
physics, meteorology, law, chemical
engineering, electrical engineering,
industrial and production engineer
ing, metallurgy, physiology, psy
chology, and aeronautical engineer
ing.
Individua's selected must have a
prior record of honorable and effi
cient service in the Air Force since
Dec. 7. 1941. They must not have
reached their 27th birthday except
in cases in which the age above 27
is not more than the number of
years, month's, and days of active
commissioned service during the
period Dec. 7, 1941, to Sept. 2, 1945.
Former Air Force personnel who
are interested should write to Com
manding Officer, USAF Student
Detachment, RGTC Headquarters,
Stanford University, giving full
name, address, and telephone num
ber. A meeting will be called in
the near future to give more com
plete information.
The United States Air Force has
announced that it will commission
into its regular component a few
individuals who formerly served in
the Air Force in World War II as
officers or enlisted men.
Individuals who are now gradu
ate students in the following fields
are acceptable for this program:
Civil engineering, electricity,
physics, meteorology, law, chemical
engineering, electrical engineering,
industrial and production engineer
ing, metallurgy, physiology, psy
chology, and aeronautical engineer
ing.
Individua's selected must have a
prior record of honorable and effi
cient service in the Air Force since
Dec. 7. 1941. They must not have
reached their 27th birthday except
in cases in which the age above 27
is not more than the number of
years, month's, and days of active
commissioned service during the
period Dec. 7, 1941, to Sept. 2, 1945.
Former Air Force personnel who
are interested should write to Com
manding Officer, USAF Student
Detachment, RGTC Headquarters,
Stanford University, giving full
name, address, and telephone num
ber. A meeting will be called in
the near future to give more com
plete information.
The United States Air Force has
announced that it will commission
into its regular component a few
individuals who formerly served in
the Air Force in World War II as
officers or enlisted men.
Individuals who are now gradu
ate students in the following fields
are acceptable for this program:
Civil engineering, electricity,
physics, meteorology, law, chemical
engineering, electrical engineering,
industrial and production engineer
ing, metallurgy, physiology, psy
chology, and aeronautical engineer
ing.
Individua's selected must have a
prior record of honorable and effi
cient service in the Air Force since
Dec. 7. 1941. They must not have
reached their 27th birthday except
in cases in which the age above 27
is not more than the number of
years, month's, and days of active
commissioned service during the
period Dec. 7, 1941, to Sept. 2, 1945.
Former Air Force personnel who
are interested should write to Com
manding Officer, USAF Student
Detachment, RGTC Headquarters,
Stanford University, giving full
name, address, and telephone num
ber. A meeting will be called in
the near future to give more com
plete information.
The United States Air Force has
announced that it will commission
into its regular component a few
individuals who formerly served in
the Air Force in World War II as
officers or enlisted men.
Individuals who are now gradu
ate students in the following fields
are acceptable for this program:
Civil engineering, electricity,
physics, meteorology, law, chemical
engineering, electrical engineering,
industrial and production engineer
ing, metallurgy, physiology, psy
chology, and aeronautical engineer
ing.
Individua's selected must have a
prior record of honorable and effi
cient service in the Air Force since
Dec. 7. 1941. They must not have
reached their 27th birthday except
in cases in which the age above 27
is not more than the number of
years, month's, and days of active
commissioned service during the
period Dec. 7, 1941, to Sept. 2, 1945.
Former Air Force personnel who
are interested should write to Com
manding Officer, USAF Student
Detachment, RGTC Headquarters,
Stanford University, giving full
name, address, and telephone num
ber. A meeting will be called in
the near future to give more com
plete information.
