# Rev. Mr. Gardner Leaves Campus.
## 
### 
Rev. D. Charles Gardner, chap
lain of the Memorial Church, is
now convalescent and haB gone to
the Santa Cruz Mountains to re
cuperate.
Rev. D. Charles Gardner, chap
lain of the Memorial Church, is
now convalescent and haB gone to
the Santa Cruz Mountains to re
cuperate.
Rev. D. Charles Gardner, chap
lain of the Memorial Church, is
now convalescent and haB gone to
the Santa Cruz Mountains to re
cuperate.
Rev. D. Charles Gardner, chap
lain of the Memorial Church, is
now convalescent and haB gone to
the Santa Cruz Mountains to re
cuperate.
Rev. D. Charles Gardner, chap
lain of the Memorial Church, is
now convalescent and haB gone to
the Santa Cruz Mountains to re
cuperate.
Rev. D. Charles Gardner, chap
lain of the Memorial Church, is
now convalescent and haB gone to
the Santa Cruz Mountains to re
cuperate.
Rev. D. Charles Gardner, chap
lain of the Memorial Church, is
now convalescent and haB gone to
the Santa Cruz Mountains to re
cuperate.
Rev. D. Charles Gardner, chap
lain of the Memorial Church, is
now convalescent and haB gone to
the Santa Cruz Mountains to re
cuperate.
