# BRUINS LABOR IN PREPARATION FOR OREGON GRID TILT
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 27 (JP).—'The
University of California at Los Angeles
j Bruins, back at hard labor following a
j brief respite over the week-end today
had swung into the final stretch of prep
aration for their Thanksgiving Day clash
with the University of Oregon's powerful
gridders at the Coliseum.
Coach William Spaulding returned yes
terday from Berkeley where he witnessed
the great struggle of Stanford and Cali
fornia to a 13 to 13 tie, and set about
polishing up the rough edges of his
team's attack. Although chances of vic
tory are mighty slim, Spaulding is de
termined that his Bruins put up a battle
against the Webfeet.
Oregon is a great favorite to win over
the Bruins, who are completing their
first year in Pacific Coast conference
play .
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 27 (JP).—'The
University of California at Los Angeles
j Bruins, back at hard labor following a
j brief respite over the week-end today
had swung into the final stretch of prep
aration for their Thanksgiving Day clash
with the University of Oregon's powerful
gridders at the Coliseum.
Coach William Spaulding returned yes
terday from Berkeley where he witnessed
the great struggle of Stanford and Cali
fornia to a 13 to 13 tie, and set about
polishing up the rough edges of his
team's attack. Although chances of vic
tory are mighty slim, Spaulding is de
termined that his Bruins put up a battle
against the Webfeet.
Oregon is a great favorite to win over
the Bruins, who are completing their
first year in Pacific Coast conference
play .
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 27 (JP).—'The
University of California at Los Angeles
j Bruins, back at hard labor following a
j brief respite over the week-end today
had swung into the final stretch of prep
aration for their Thanksgiving Day clash
with the University of Oregon's powerful
gridders at the Coliseum.
Coach William Spaulding returned yes
terday from Berkeley where he witnessed
the great struggle of Stanford and Cali
fornia to a 13 to 13 tie, and set about
polishing up the rough edges of his
team's attack. Although chances of vic
tory are mighty slim, Spaulding is de
termined that his Bruins put up a battle
against the Webfeet.
Oregon is a great favorite to win over
the Bruins, who are completing their
first year in Pacific Coast conference
play .
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 27 (JP).—'The
University of California at Los Angeles
j Bruins, back at hard labor following a
j brief respite over the week-end today
had swung into the final stretch of prep
aration for their Thanksgiving Day clash
with the University of Oregon's powerful
gridders at the Coliseum.
Coach William Spaulding returned yes
terday from Berkeley where he witnessed
the great struggle of Stanford and Cali
fornia to a 13 to 13 tie, and set about
polishing up the rough edges of his
team's attack. Although chances of vic
tory are mighty slim, Spaulding is de
termined that his Bruins put up a battle
against the Webfeet.
Oregon is a great favorite to win over
the Bruins, who are completing their
first year in Pacific Coast conference
play .
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 27 (JP).—'The
University of California at Los Angeles
j Bruins, back at hard labor following a
j brief respite over the week-end today
had swung into the final stretch of prep
aration for their Thanksgiving Day clash
with the University of Oregon's powerful
gridders at the Coliseum.
Coach William Spaulding returned yes
terday from Berkeley where he witnessed
the great struggle of Stanford and Cali
fornia to a 13 to 13 tie, and set about
polishing up the rough edges of his
team's attack. Although chances of vic
tory are mighty slim, Spaulding is de
termined that his Bruins put up a battle
against the Webfeet.
Oregon is a great favorite to win over
the Bruins, who are completing their
first year in Pacific Coast conference
play .
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 27 (JP).—'The
University of California at Los Angeles
j Bruins, back at hard labor following a
j brief respite over the week-end today
had swung into the final stretch of prep
aration for their Thanksgiving Day clash
with the University of Oregon's powerful
gridders at the Coliseum.
Coach William Spaulding returned yes
terday from Berkeley where he witnessed
the great struggle of Stanford and Cali
fornia to a 13 to 13 tie, and set about
polishing up the rough edges of his
team's attack. Although chances of vic
tory are mighty slim, Spaulding is de
termined that his Bruins put up a battle
against the Webfeet.
Oregon is a great favorite to win over
the Bruins, who are completing their
first year in Pacific Coast conference
play .
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 27 (JP).—'The
University of California at Los Angeles
j Bruins, back at hard labor following a
j brief respite over the week-end today
had swung into the final stretch of prep
aration for their Thanksgiving Day clash
with the University of Oregon's powerful
gridders at the Coliseum.
Coach William Spaulding returned yes
terday from Berkeley where he witnessed
the great struggle of Stanford and Cali
fornia to a 13 to 13 tie, and set about
polishing up the rough edges of his
team's attack. Although chances of vic
tory are mighty slim, Spaulding is de
termined that his Bruins put up a battle
against the Webfeet.
Oregon is a great favorite to win over
the Bruins, who are completing their
first year in Pacific Coast conference
play .
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 27 (JP).—'The
University of California at Los Angeles
j Bruins, back at hard labor following a
j brief respite over the week-end today
had swung into the final stretch of prep
aration for their Thanksgiving Day clash
with the University of Oregon's powerful
gridders at the Coliseum.
Coach William Spaulding returned yes
terday from Berkeley where he witnessed
the great struggle of Stanford and Cali
fornia to a 13 to 13 tie, and set about
polishing up the rough edges of his
team's attack. Although chances of vic
tory are mighty slim, Spaulding is de
termined that his Bruins put up a battle
against the Webfeet.
Oregon is a great favorite to win over
the Bruins, who are completing their
first year in Pacific Coast conference
play .
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 27 (JP).—'The
University of California at Los Angeles
j Bruins, back at hard labor following a
j brief respite over the week-end today
had swung into the final stretch of prep
aration for their Thanksgiving Day clash
with the University of Oregon's powerful
gridders at the Coliseum.
Coach William Spaulding returned yes
terday from Berkeley where he witnessed
the great struggle of Stanford and Cali
fornia to a 13 to 13 tie, and set about
polishing up the rough edges of his
team's attack. Although chances of vic
tory are mighty slim, Spaulding is de
termined that his Bruins put up a battle
against the Webfeet.
Oregon is a great favorite to win over
the Bruins, who are completing their
first year in Pacific Coast conference
play .
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 27 (JP).—'The
University of California at Los Angeles
j Bruins, back at hard labor following a
j brief respite over the week-end today
had swung into the final stretch of prep
aration for their Thanksgiving Day clash
with the University of Oregon's powerful
gridders at the Coliseum.
Coach William Spaulding returned yes
terday from Berkeley where he witnessed
the great struggle of Stanford and Cali
fornia to a 13 to 13 tie, and set about
polishing up the rough edges of his
team's attack. Although chances of vic
tory are mighty slim, Spaulding is de
termined that his Bruins put up a battle
against the Webfeet.
Oregon is a great favorite to win over
the Bruins, who are completing their
first year in Pacific Coast conference
play .
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 27 (JP).—'The
University of California at Los Angeles
j Bruins, back at hard labor following a
j brief respite over the week-end today
had swung into the final stretch of prep
aration for their Thanksgiving Day clash
with the University of Oregon's powerful
gridders at the Coliseum.
Coach William Spaulding returned yes
terday from Berkeley where he witnessed
the great struggle of Stanford and Cali
fornia to a 13 to 13 tie, and set about
polishing up the rough edges of his
team's attack. Although chances of vic
tory are mighty slim, Spaulding is de
termined that his Bruins put up a battle
against the Webfeet.
Oregon is a great favorite to win over
the Bruins, who are completing their
first year in Pacific Coast conference
play .
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 27 (JP).—'The
University of California at Los Angeles
j Bruins, back at hard labor following a
j brief respite over the week-end today
had swung into the final stretch of prep
aration for their Thanksgiving Day clash
with the University of Oregon's powerful
gridders at the Coliseum.
Coach William Spaulding returned yes
terday from Berkeley where he witnessed
the great struggle of Stanford and Cali
fornia to a 13 to 13 tie, and set about
polishing up the rough edges of his
team's attack. Although chances of vic
tory are mighty slim, Spaulding is de
termined that his Bruins put up a battle
against the Webfeet.
Oregon is a great favorite to win over
the Bruins, who are completing their
first year in Pacific Coast conference
play .
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 27 (JP).—'The
University of California at Los Angeles
j Bruins, back at hard labor following a
j brief respite over the week-end today
had swung into the final stretch of prep
aration for their Thanksgiving Day clash
with the University of Oregon's powerful
gridders at the Coliseum.
Coach William Spaulding returned yes
terday from Berkeley where he witnessed
the great struggle of Stanford and Cali
fornia to a 13 to 13 tie, and set about
polishing up the rough edges of his
team's attack. Although chances of vic
tory are mighty slim, Spaulding is de
termined that his Bruins put up a battle
against the Webfeet.
Oregon is a great favorite to win over
the Bruins, who are completing their
first year in Pacific Coast conference
play .
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 27 (JP).—'The
University of California at Los Angeles
j Bruins, back at hard labor following a
j brief respite over the week-end today
had swung into the final stretch of prep
aration for their Thanksgiving Day clash
with the University of Oregon's powerful
gridders at the Coliseum.
Coach William Spaulding returned yes
terday from Berkeley where he witnessed
the great struggle of Stanford and Cali
fornia to a 13 to 13 tie, and set about
polishing up the rough edges of his
team's attack. Although chances of vic
tory are mighty slim, Spaulding is de
termined that his Bruins put up a battle
against the Webfeet.
Oregon is a great favorite to win over
the Bruins, who are completing their
first year in Pacific Coast conference
play .
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 27 (JP).—'The
University of California at Los Angeles
j Bruins, back at hard labor following a
j brief respite over the week-end today
had swung into the final stretch of prep
aration for their Thanksgiving Day clash
with the University of Oregon's powerful
gridders at the Coliseum.
Coach William Spaulding returned yes
terday from Berkeley where he witnessed
the great struggle of Stanford and Cali
fornia to a 13 to 13 tie, and set about
polishing up the rough edges of his
team's attack. Although chances of vic
tory are mighty slim, Spaulding is de
termined that his Bruins put up a battle
against the Webfeet.
Oregon is a great favorite to win over
the Bruins, who are completing their
first year in Pacific Coast conference
play .
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 27 (JP).—'The
University of California at Los Angeles
j Bruins, back at hard labor following a
j brief respite over the week-end today
had swung into the final stretch of prep
aration for their Thanksgiving Day clash
with the University of Oregon's powerful
gridders at the Coliseum.
Coach William Spaulding returned yes
terday from Berkeley where he witnessed
the great struggle of Stanford and Cali
fornia to a 13 to 13 tie, and set about
polishing up the rough edges of his
team's attack. Although chances of vic
tory are mighty slim, Spaulding is de
termined that his Bruins put up a battle
against the Webfeet.
Oregon is a great favorite to win over
the Bruins, who are completing their
first year in Pacific Coast conference
play .
