# GEORGIA BANKS CLOSE
## 
### 
ATLANTA, Ga., Nov. 27. (/P)— Eight
middle Georgia banks closed their
floors today and turned over their af
fairs to the State Banking Depart
ment.
ATLANTA, Ga., Nov. 27. (/P)— Eight
middle Georgia banks closed their
floors today and turned over their af
fairs to the State Banking Depart
ment.
ATLANTA, Ga., Nov. 27. (/P)— Eight
middle Georgia banks closed their
floors today and turned over their af
fairs to the State Banking Depart
ment.
ATLANTA, Ga., Nov. 27. (/P)— Eight
middle Georgia banks closed their
floors today and turned over their af
fairs to the State Banking Depart
ment.
ATLANTA, Ga., Nov. 27. (/P)— Eight
middle Georgia banks closed their
floors today and turned over their af
fairs to the State Banking Depart
ment.
ATLANTA, Ga., Nov. 27. (/P)— Eight
middle Georgia banks closed their
floors today and turned over their af
fairs to the State Banking Depart
ment.
ATLANTA, Ga., Nov. 27. (/P)— Eight
middle Georgia banks closed their
floors today and turned over their af
fairs to the State Banking Depart
ment.
ATLANTA, Ga., Nov. 27. (/P)— Eight
middle Georgia banks closed their
floors today and turned over their af
fairs to the State Banking Depart
ment.
ATLANTA, Ga., Nov. 27. (/P)— Eight
middle Georgia banks closed their
floors today and turned over their af
fairs to the State Banking Depart
ment.
ATLANTA, Ga., Nov. 27. (/P)— Eight
middle Georgia banks closed their
floors today and turned over their af
fairs to the State Banking Depart
ment.
ATLANTA, Ga., Nov. 27. (/P)— Eight
middle Georgia banks closed their
floors today and turned over their af
fairs to the State Banking Depart
ment.
ATLANTA, Ga., Nov. 27. (/P)— Eight
middle Georgia banks closed their
floors today and turned over their af
fairs to the State Banking Depart
ment.
ATLANTA, Ga., Nov. 27. (/P)— Eight
middle Georgia banks closed their
floors today and turned over their af
fairs to the State Banking Depart
ment.
ATLANTA, Ga., Nov. 27. (/P)— Eight
middle Georgia banks closed their
floors today and turned over their af
fairs to the State Banking Depart
ment.
ATLANTA, Ga., Nov. 27. (/P)— Eight
middle Georgia banks closed their
floors today and turned over their af
fairs to the State Banking Depart
ment.
ATLANTA, Ga., Nov. 27. (/P)— Eight
middle Georgia banks closed their
floors today and turned over their af
fairs to the State Banking Depart
ment.
