# TO EXTEND SEATING CAPACITY.
## Inn Arranging to Serve Spectators on Day of Big Football Game. 
### 
Plans are being considered by
the manager of the University Inn
for increasing the seating capacity
of the dining-room and for provid
ing other means of service for the
accommodation of the crowds that
will visit the campus on the day of
the intercollegiate football game.
For regular trade the Inn pro
vides for serving 210 customers at
one time. But for this special oc
casion it is the present intention
to extend this limit by placing
tables and chairs on the front and
side porches, where meals will be
served, and by providing a lunch
counter in the summer-house in
front of the building for serving
ice cream, pastry, sandwiches and
coffee. An extra force of waiters
has been engaged, in order that
meals may be served as quickly as
possible, thus enabling a greater
number of people to be accommo
dated.
Plans are being considered by
the manager of the University Inn
for increasing the seating capacity
of the dining-room and for provid
ing other means of service for the
accommodation of the crowds that
will visit the campus on the day of
the intercollegiate football game.
For regular trade the Inn pro
vides for serving 210 customers at
one time. But for this special oc
casion it is the present intention
to extend this limit by placing
tables and chairs on the front and
side porches, where meals will be
served, and by providing a lunch
counter in the summer-house in
front of the building for serving
ice cream, pastry, sandwiches and
coffee. An extra force of waiters
has been engaged, in order that
meals may be served as quickly as
possible, thus enabling a greater
number of people to be accommo
dated.
Plans are being considered by
the manager of the University Inn
for increasing the seating capacity
of the dining-room and for provid
ing other means of service for the
accommodation of the crowds that
will visit the campus on the day of
the intercollegiate football game.
For regular trade the Inn pro
vides for serving 210 customers at
one time. But for this special oc
casion it is the present intention
to extend this limit by placing
tables and chairs on the front and
side porches, where meals will be
served, and by providing a lunch
counter in the summer-house in
front of the building for serving
ice cream, pastry, sandwiches and
coffee. An extra force of waiters
has been engaged, in order that
meals may be served as quickly as
possible, thus enabling a greater
number of people to be accommo
dated.
Plans are being considered by
the manager of the University Inn
for increasing the seating capacity
of the dining-room and for provid
ing other means of service for the
accommodation of the crowds that
will visit the campus on the day of
the intercollegiate football game.
For regular trade the Inn pro
vides for serving 210 customers at
one time. But for this special oc
casion it is the present intention
to extend this limit by placing
tables and chairs on the front and
side porches, where meals will be
served, and by providing a lunch
counter in the summer-house in
front of the building for serving
ice cream, pastry, sandwiches and
coffee. An extra force of waiters
has been engaged, in order that
meals may be served as quickly as
possible, thus enabling a greater
number of people to be accommo
dated.
Plans are being considered by
the manager of the University Inn
for increasing the seating capacity
of the dining-room and for provid
ing other means of service for the
accommodation of the crowds that
will visit the campus on the day of
the intercollegiate football game.
For regular trade the Inn pro
vides for serving 210 customers at
one time. But for this special oc
casion it is the present intention
to extend this limit by placing
tables and chairs on the front and
side porches, where meals will be
served, and by providing a lunch
counter in the summer-house in
front of the building for serving
ice cream, pastry, sandwiches and
coffee. An extra force of waiters
has been engaged, in order that
meals may be served as quickly as
possible, thus enabling a greater
number of people to be accommo
dated.
Plans are being considered by
the manager of the University Inn
for increasing the seating capacity
of the dining-room and for provid
ing other means of service for the
accommodation of the crowds that
will visit the campus on the day of
the intercollegiate football game.
For regular trade the Inn pro
vides for serving 210 customers at
one time. But for this special oc
casion it is the present intention
to extend this limit by placing
tables and chairs on the front and
side porches, where meals will be
served, and by providing a lunch
counter in the summer-house in
front of the building for serving
ice cream, pastry, sandwiches and
coffee. An extra force of waiters
has been engaged, in order that
meals may be served as quickly as
possible, thus enabling a greater
number of people to be accommo
dated.
Plans are being considered by
the manager of the University Inn
for increasing the seating capacity
of the dining-room and for provid
ing other means of service for the
accommodation of the crowds that
will visit the campus on the day of
the intercollegiate football game.
For regular trade the Inn pro
vides for serving 210 customers at
one time. But for this special oc
casion it is the present intention
to extend this limit by placing
tables and chairs on the front and
side porches, where meals will be
served, and by providing a lunch
counter in the summer-house in
front of the building for serving
ice cream, pastry, sandwiches and
coffee. An extra force of waiters
has been engaged, in order that
meals may be served as quickly as
possible, thus enabling a greater
number of people to be accommo
dated.
Plans are being considered by
the manager of the University Inn
for increasing the seating capacity
of the dining-room and for provid
ing other means of service for the
accommodation of the crowds that
will visit the campus on the day of
the intercollegiate football game.
For regular trade the Inn pro
vides for serving 210 customers at
one time. But for this special oc
casion it is the present intention
to extend this limit by placing
tables and chairs on the front and
side porches, where meals will be
served, and by providing a lunch
counter in the summer-house in
front of the building for serving
ice cream, pastry, sandwiches and
coffee. An extra force of waiters
has been engaged, in order that
meals may be served as quickly as
possible, thus enabling a greater
number of people to be accommo
dated.
Plans are being considered by
the manager of the University Inn
for increasing the seating capacity
of the dining-room and for provid
ing other means of service for the
accommodation of the crowds that
will visit the campus on the day of
the intercollegiate football game.
For regular trade the Inn pro
vides for serving 210 customers at
one time. But for this special oc
casion it is the present intention
to extend this limit by placing
tables and chairs on the front and
side porches, where meals will be
served, and by providing a lunch
counter in the summer-house in
front of the building for serving
ice cream, pastry, sandwiches and
coffee. An extra force of waiters
has been engaged, in order that
meals may be served as quickly as
possible, thus enabling a greater
number of people to be accommo
dated.
