# PLUG UGLY ISSUE TO APPEAR.
## "Chappie" Will Dedicate Next Issue to Class of 1907. 
### 
The Plug Ugly number of the
Chaparral will appear Monday
morning. Editorially, Chappie
will deal with the Band, and will
say some harsh things about this
year's rooting. The third and
fourth "Now Thats" will deal with
the 1907 plugs and the present sys
tem of lighting the quad.
The front-page poem is by L. S.
Levy, '08. The other features in
clude some up-to-date fables in
verse by I). H. Clift, '07, and a
clever take-off on college dramatic
productions by C. L. Lyman, '06.
There are also a number of jokes,
and short verse by G. G. Altnow,
'06.
The art work in this issue is es
pecially good. There is a very
clever full-page pencil cartoon by
P. H. Terry of the Bulletin staff
and another of "Chappie's Favor
ites" from the pen of \V. R. Daven
port, ex-'O2, entitled the "Plug
Ugly Girl." Drawings by It. E.
Snodgrass, '01, D. H. Ferry, '08,
and some very clever line sketches
by a new artist, M. J. Helmick,
'09, make up the rest of the issue.
