# Australian Books Being Classified.
## 
### 
Work.has been started on the
classifying and cataloging of the
tirst shipment of Australian hooks
that have heen contributed to the
Library by Thomas Wei ton Stan
ford. The books will be placed in
the general library as soon as
classified.
Work.has been started on the
classifying and cataloging of the
tirst shipment of Australian hooks
that have heen contributed to the
Library by Thomas Wei ton Stan
ford. The books will be placed in
the general library as soon as
classified.
Work.has been started on the
classifying and cataloging of the
tirst shipment of Australian hooks
that have heen contributed to the
Library by Thomas Wei ton Stan
ford. The books will be placed in
the general library as soon as
classified.
Work.has been started on the
classifying and cataloging of the
tirst shipment of Australian hooks
that have heen contributed to the
Library by Thomas Wei ton Stan
ford. The books will be placed in
the general library as soon as
classified.
Work.has been started on the
classifying and cataloging of the
tirst shipment of Australian hooks
that have heen contributed to the
Library by Thomas Wei ton Stan
ford. The books will be placed in
the general library as soon as
classified.
Work.has been started on the
classifying and cataloging of the
tirst shipment of Australian hooks
that have heen contributed to the
Library by Thomas Wei ton Stan
ford. The books will be placed in
the general library as soon as
classified.
Work.has been started on the
classifying and cataloging of the
tirst shipment of Australian hooks
that have heen contributed to the
Library by Thomas Wei ton Stan
ford. The books will be placed in
the general library as soon as
classified.
Work.has been started on the
classifying and cataloging of the
tirst shipment of Australian hooks
that have heen contributed to the
Library by Thomas Wei ton Stan
ford. The books will be placed in
the general library as soon as
classified.
Work.has been started on the
classifying and cataloging of the
tirst shipment of Australian hooks
that have heen contributed to the
Library by Thomas Wei ton Stan
ford. The books will be placed in
the general library as soon as
classified.
