# Adv. 29 Page 10
## 
### 
I — I
SUPER SUMMER ]
FARES II
rt
FROM
SF
London $528
Paris $678
Zurich $638
Madrid $688
Tokyo $599
Hong Kong $609
Sydney $768
Guayaquil $580
EURAILPASSESAND
MUCH, MUCH MORE!
Call: 415-421-3473
Earn
a little
money
on the
side.
The Ad Agency is
looking for a few
money-motivated
individuals who want
business experience.
Join our team as an
Account Executive
and handle the hottest
clients in town. Not
only will you get
great resume-building
experience, you'll
also be richly
rewarded.
Informational meet
ing: Thursday, April
14th, 7:00 pm,
Cypress South,
Tresidder Union.
Or call Don at
725-1468.
I — I
SUPER SUMMER ]
FARES II
rt
FROM
SF
London $528
Paris $678
Zurich $638
Madrid $688
Tokyo $599
Hong Kong $609
Sydney $768
Guayaquil $580
EURAILPASSESAND
MUCH, MUCH MORE!
Call: 415-421-3473
Earn
a little
money
on the
side.
The Ad Agency is
looking for a few
money-motivated
individuals who want
business experience.
Join our team as an
Account Executive
and handle the hottest
clients in town. Not
only will you get
great resume-building
experience, you'll
also be richly
rewarded.
Informational meet
ing: Thursday, April
14th, 7:00 pm,
Cypress South,
Tresidder Union.
Or call Don at
725-1468.
I — I
SUPER SUMMER ]
FARES II
rt
FROM
SF
London $528
Paris $678
Zurich $638
Madrid $688
Tokyo $599
Hong Kong $609
Sydney $768
Guayaquil $580
EURAILPASSESAND
MUCH, MUCH MORE!
Call: 415-421-3473
Earn
a little
money
on the
side.
The Ad Agency is
looking for a few
money-motivated
individuals who want
business experience.
Join our team as an
Account Executive
and handle the hottest
clients in town. Not
only will you get
great resume-building
experience, you'll
also be richly
rewarded.
Informational meet
ing: Thursday, April
14th, 7:00 pm,
Cypress South,
Tresidder Union.
Or call Don at
725-1468.
I — I
SUPER SUMMER ]
FARES II
rt
FROM
SF
London $528
Paris $678
Zurich $638
Madrid $688
Tokyo $599
Hong Kong $609
Sydney $768
Guayaquil $580
EURAILPASSESAND
MUCH, MUCH MORE!
Call: 415-421-3473
Earn
a little
money
on the
side.
The Ad Agency is
looking for a few
money-motivated
individuals who want
business experience.
Join our team as an
Account Executive
and handle the hottest
clients in town. Not
only will you get
great resume-building
experience, you'll
also be richly
rewarded.
Informational meet
ing: Thursday, April
14th, 7:00 pm,
Cypress South,
Tresidder Union.
Or call Don at
725-1468.
I — I
SUPER SUMMER ]
FARES II
rt
FROM
SF
London $528
Paris $678
Zurich $638
Madrid $688
Tokyo $599
Hong Kong $609
Sydney $768
Guayaquil $580
EURAILPASSESAND
MUCH, MUCH MORE!
Call: 415-421-3473
Earn
a little
money
on the
side.
The Ad Agency is
looking for a few
money-motivated
individuals who want
business experience.
Join our team as an
Account Executive
and handle the hottest
clients in town. Not
only will you get
great resume-building
experience, you'll
also be richly
rewarded.
Informational meet
ing: Thursday, April
14th, 7:00 pm,
Cypress South,
Tresidder Union.
Or call Don at
725-1468.
I — I
SUPER SUMMER ]
FARES II
rt
FROM
SF
London $528
Paris $678
Zurich $638
Madrid $688
Tokyo $599
Hong Kong $609
Sydney $768
Guayaquil $580
EURAILPASSESAND
MUCH, MUCH MORE!
Call: 415-421-3473
Earn
a little
money
on the
side.
The Ad Agency is
looking for a few
money-motivated
individuals who want
business experience.
Join our team as an
Account Executive
and handle the hottest
clients in town. Not
only will you get
great resume-building
experience, you'll
also be richly
rewarded.
Informational meet
ing: Thursday, April
14th, 7:00 pm,
Cypress South,
Tresidder Union.
Or call Don at
725-1468.
I — I
SUPER SUMMER ]
FARES II
rt
FROM
SF
London $528
Paris $678
Zurich $638
Madrid $688
Tokyo $599
Hong Kong $609
Sydney $768
Guayaquil $580
EURAILPASSESAND
MUCH, MUCH MORE!
Call: 415-421-3473
Earn
a little
money
on the
side.
The Ad Agency is
looking for a few
money-motivated
individuals who want
business experience.
Join our team as an
Account Executive
and handle the hottest
clients in town. Not
only will you get
great resume-building
experience, you'll
also be richly
rewarded.
Informational meet
ing: Thursday, April
14th, 7:00 pm,
Cypress South,
Tresidder Union.
Or call Don at
725-1468.
I — I
SUPER SUMMER ]
FARES II
rt
FROM
SF
London $528
Paris $678
Zurich $638
Madrid $688
Tokyo $599
Hong Kong $609
Sydney $768
Guayaquil $580
EURAILPASSESAND
MUCH, MUCH MORE!
Call: 415-421-3473
Earn
a little
money
on the
side.
The Ad Agency is
looking for a few
money-motivated
individuals who want
business experience.
Join our team as an
Account Executive
and handle the hottest
clients in town. Not
only will you get
great resume-building
experience, you'll
also be richly
rewarded.
Informational meet
ing: Thursday, April
14th, 7:00 pm,
Cypress South,
Tresidder Union.
Or call Don at
725-1468.
