# Untitled Article
## 
### 
If you haven't done it as yet; if you're planning to do it, if you
want ot do it . . . . buy your Quad today from a lovely salesgirl
at the P.O. (Post Office for those of you who are new to the
campus).
If you haven't done it as yet; if you're planning to do it, if you
want ot do it . . . . buy your Quad today from a lovely salesgirl
at the P.O. (Post Office for those of you who are new to the
campus).
If you haven't done it as yet; if you're planning to do it, if you
want ot do it . . . . buy your Quad today from a lovely salesgirl
at the P.O. (Post Office for those of you who are new to the
campus).
If you haven't done it as yet; if you're planning to do it, if you
want ot do it . . . . buy your Quad today from a lovely salesgirl
at the P.O. (Post Office for those of you who are new to the
campus).
If you haven't done it as yet; if you're planning to do it, if you
want ot do it . . . . buy your Quad today from a lovely salesgirl
at the P.O. (Post Office for those of you who are new to the
campus).
If you haven't done it as yet; if you're planning to do it, if you
want ot do it . . . . buy your Quad today from a lovely salesgirl
at the P.O. (Post Office for those of you who are new to the
campus).
If you haven't done it as yet; if you're planning to do it, if you
want ot do it . . . . buy your Quad today from a lovely salesgirl
at the P.O. (Post Office for those of you who are new to the
campus).
If you haven't done it as yet; if you're planning to do it, if you
want ot do it . . . . buy your Quad today from a lovely salesgirl
at the P.O. (Post Office for those of you who are new to the
campus).
If you haven't done it as yet; if you're planning to do it, if you
want ot do it . . . . buy your Quad today from a lovely salesgirl
at the P.O. (Post Office for those of you who are new to the
campus).
If you haven't done it as yet; if you're planning to do it, if you
want ot do it . . . . buy your Quad today from a lovely salesgirl
at the P.O. (Post Office for those of you who are new to the
campus).
If you haven't done it as yet; if you're planning to do it, if you
want ot do it . . . . buy your Quad today from a lovely salesgirl
at the P.O. (Post Office for those of you who are new to the
campus).
If you haven't done it as yet; if you're planning to do it, if you
want ot do it . . . . buy your Quad today from a lovely salesgirl
at the P.O. (Post Office for those of you who are new to the
campus).
If you haven't done it as yet; if you're planning to do it, if you
want ot do it . . . . buy your Quad today from a lovely salesgirl
at the P.O. (Post Office for those of you who are new to the
campus).
If you haven't done it as yet; if you're planning to do it, if you
want ot do it . . . . buy your Quad today from a lovely salesgirl
at the P.O. (Post Office for those of you who are new to the
campus).
If you haven't done it as yet; if you're planning to do it, if you
want ot do it . . . . buy your Quad today from a lovely salesgirl
at the P.O. (Post Office for those of you who are new to the
campus).
