# Pre-Med Students To Conduct Forum
## 
### 
Members of the Stanford pre-tned
club will conduct a forum on var
ious medical schools throughout the
country at tonight's meeting at 7:30
in the Nitery. Short talks will be
given on the requirements and
housing facilities of these schools,
and a discussion will enable the
members to prepare questions to
present to the members of the board
of admission to Stanford Medical
School, who will speak at next
week's meeting.
Saturday all students in the pre
med club who go south for the
U.S.C.-Stanford game will tour the
Los Angeles County Hospital. Those
who wish to accompany the tour
should meet in front of the hospital
at 10 a.m., according to Frank
Boutin, president of the club.
