# The 						Stanford Daily SPORTS
## GRIDDERS TRY MODERN DANCE 
### 

SOMETIIING NEW in modern dancing is demonstrated by these two
players reaching for a pass in a mad scramble as the University of
Washington defeated Montana 21-0 in Seattle. At left is Mill Hans
berry, Husky halfback; behind him is Karle Fiske, Montana halfback.

SOMETIIING NEW in modern dancing is demonstrated by these two
players reaching for a pass in a mad scramble as the University of
Washington defeated Montana 21-0 in Seattle. At left is Mill Hans
berry, Husky halfback; behind him is Karle Fiske, Montana halfback.

SOMETIIING NEW in modern dancing is demonstrated by these two
players reaching for a pass in a mad scramble as the University of
Washington defeated Montana 21-0 in Seattle. At left is Mill Hans
berry, Husky halfback; behind him is Karle Fiske, Montana halfback.

SOMETIIING NEW in modern dancing is demonstrated by these two
players reaching for a pass in a mad scramble as the University of
Washington defeated Montana 21-0 in Seattle. At left is Mill Hans
berry, Husky halfback; behind him is Karle Fiske, Montana halfback.

SOMETIIING NEW in modern dancing is demonstrated by these two
players reaching for a pass in a mad scramble as the University of
Washington defeated Montana 21-0 in Seattle. At left is Mill Hans
berry, Husky halfback; behind him is Karle Fiske, Montana halfback.

SOMETIIING NEW in modern dancing is demonstrated by these two
players reaching for a pass in a mad scramble as the University of
Washington defeated Montana 21-0 in Seattle. At left is Mill Hans
berry, Husky halfback; behind him is Karle Fiske, Montana halfback.

SOMETIIING NEW in modern dancing is demonstrated by these two
players reaching for a pass in a mad scramble as the University of
Washington defeated Montana 21-0 in Seattle. At left is Mill Hans
berry, Husky halfback; behind him is Karle Fiske, Montana halfback.

SOMETIIING NEW in modern dancing is demonstrated by these two
players reaching for a pass in a mad scramble as the University of
Washington defeated Montana 21-0 in Seattle. At left is Mill Hans
berry, Husky halfback; behind him is Karle Fiske, Montana halfback.

SOMETIIING NEW in modern dancing is demonstrated by these two
players reaching for a pass in a mad scramble as the University of
Washington defeated Montana 21-0 in Seattle. At left is Mill Hans
berry, Husky halfback; behind him is Karle Fiske, Montana halfback.

SOMETIIING NEW in modern dancing is demonstrated by these two
players reaching for a pass in a mad scramble as the University of
Washington defeated Montana 21-0 in Seattle. At left is Mill Hans
berry, Husky halfback; behind him is Karle Fiske, Montana halfback.

SOMETIIING NEW in modern dancing is demonstrated by these two
players reaching for a pass in a mad scramble as the University of
Washington defeated Montana 21-0 in Seattle. At left is Mill Hans
berry, Husky halfback; behind him is Karle Fiske, Montana halfback.

SOMETIIING NEW in modern dancing is demonstrated by these two
players reaching for a pass in a mad scramble as the University of
Washington defeated Montana 21-0 in Seattle. At left is Mill Hans
berry, Husky halfback; behind him is Karle Fiske, Montana halfback.

SOMETIIING NEW in modern dancing is demonstrated by these two
players reaching for a pass in a mad scramble as the University of
Washington defeated Montana 21-0 in Seattle. At left is Mill Hans
berry, Husky halfback; behind him is Karle Fiske, Montana halfback.

SOMETIIING NEW in modern dancing is demonstrated by these two
players reaching for a pass in a mad scramble as the University of
Washington defeated Montana 21-0 in Seattle. At left is Mill Hans
berry, Husky halfback; behind him is Karle Fiske, Montana halfback.

SOMETIIING NEW in modern dancing is demonstrated by these two
players reaching for a pass in a mad scramble as the University of
Washington defeated Montana 21-0 in Seattle. At left is Mill Hans
berry, Husky halfback; behind him is Karle Fiske, Montana halfback.

SOMETIIING NEW in modern dancing is demonstrated by these two
players reaching for a pass in a mad scramble as the University of
Washington defeated Montana 21-0 in Seattle. At left is Mill Hans
berry, Husky halfback; behind him is Karle Fiske, Montana halfback.

SOMETIIING NEW in modern dancing is demonstrated by these two
players reaching for a pass in a mad scramble as the University of
Washington defeated Montana 21-0 in Seattle. At left is Mill Hans
berry, Husky halfback; behind him is Karle Fiske, Montana halfback.

SOMETIIING NEW in modern dancing is demonstrated by these two
players reaching for a pass in a mad scramble as the University of
Washington defeated Montana 21-0 in Seattle. At left is Mill Hans
berry, Husky halfback; behind him is Karle Fiske, Montana halfback.
