# Adv. 10 Page 5
## 
### 
Quote of the Day
"Unlike war protests, the
anger is directed at [the
police], so I think they're
scared."
— San Francisco State
freshman John O'Rourke,
who marched with other
protesters in San Francisco
last night. Incidents of loot
ing and violence erupted in
the city, and about 500 peo
ple were arrested. See story,
front page.
Quote of the Day
"Unlike war protests, the
anger is directed at [the
police], so I think they're
scared."
— San Francisco State
freshman John O'Rourke,
who marched with other
protesters in San Francisco
last night. Incidents of loot
ing and violence erupted in
the city, and about 500 peo
ple were arrested. See story,
front page.
Quote of the Day
"Unlike war protests, the
anger is directed at [the
police], so I think they're
scared."
— San Francisco State
freshman John O'Rourke,
who marched with other
protesters in San Francisco
last night. Incidents of loot
ing and violence erupted in
the city, and about 500 peo
ple were arrested. See story,
front page.
Quote of the Day
"Unlike war protests, the
anger is directed at [the
police], so I think they're
scared."
— San Francisco State
freshman John O'Rourke,
who marched with other
protesters in San Francisco
last night. Incidents of loot
ing and violence erupted in
the city, and about 500 peo
ple were arrested. See story,
front page.
Quote of the Day
"Unlike war protests, the
anger is directed at [the
police], so I think they're
scared."
— San Francisco State
freshman John O'Rourke,
who marched with other
protesters in San Francisco
last night. Incidents of loot
ing and violence erupted in
the city, and about 500 peo
ple were arrested. See story,
front page.
Quote of the Day
"Unlike war protests, the
anger is directed at [the
police], so I think they're
scared."
— San Francisco State
freshman John O'Rourke,
who marched with other
protesters in San Francisco
last night. Incidents of loot
ing and violence erupted in
the city, and about 500 peo
ple were arrested. See story,
front page.
Quote of the Day
"Unlike war protests, the
anger is directed at [the
police], so I think they're
scared."
— San Francisco State
freshman John O'Rourke,
who marched with other
protesters in San Francisco
last night. Incidents of loot
ing and violence erupted in
the city, and about 500 peo
ple were arrested. See story,
front page.
Quote of the Day
"Unlike war protests, the
anger is directed at [the
police], so I think they're
scared."
— San Francisco State
freshman John O'Rourke,
who marched with other
protesters in San Francisco
last night. Incidents of loot
ing and violence erupted in
the city, and about 500 peo
ple were arrested. See story,
front page.
