# Adv. 42 Page 10
## 
### 
The
ILLINOIS
BUREAU
of the
BUDGET
will interview at Stanford on
Thursday, March 16. The
Bureau acts as professional
staff to the Governor on a ,
broad range of policy issues.
Backgrounds include
economics, political science
and management.
Contact:
Charlene Barry
497-3963
The
ILLINOIS
BUREAU
of the
BUDGET
will interview at Stanford on
Thursday, March 16. The
Bureau acts as professional
staff to the Governor on a ,
broad range of policy issues.
Backgrounds include
economics, political science
and management.
Contact:
Charlene Barry
497-3963
The
ILLINOIS
BUREAU
of the
BUDGET
will interview at Stanford on
Thursday, March 16. The
Bureau acts as professional
staff to the Governor on a ,
broad range of policy issues.
Backgrounds include
economics, political science
and management.
Contact:
Charlene Barry
497-3963
The
ILLINOIS
BUREAU
of the
BUDGET
will interview at Stanford on
Thursday, March 16. The
Bureau acts as professional
staff to the Governor on a ,
broad range of policy issues.
Backgrounds include
economics, political science
and management.
Contact:
Charlene Barry
497-3963
The
ILLINOIS
BUREAU
of the
BUDGET
will interview at Stanford on
Thursday, March 16. The
Bureau acts as professional
staff to the Governor on a ,
broad range of policy issues.
Backgrounds include
economics, political science
and management.
Contact:
Charlene Barry
497-3963
The
ILLINOIS
BUREAU
of the
BUDGET
will interview at Stanford on
Thursday, March 16. The
Bureau acts as professional
staff to the Governor on a ,
broad range of policy issues.
Backgrounds include
economics, political science
and management.
Contact:
Charlene Barry
497-3963
The
ILLINOIS
BUREAU
of the
BUDGET
will interview at Stanford on
Thursday, March 16. The
Bureau acts as professional
staff to the Governor on a ,
broad range of policy issues.
Backgrounds include
economics, political science
and management.
Contact:
Charlene Barry
497-3963
The
ILLINOIS
BUREAU
of the
BUDGET
will interview at Stanford on
Thursday, March 16. The
Bureau acts as professional
staff to the Governor on a ,
broad range of policy issues.
Backgrounds include
economics, political science
and management.
Contact:
Charlene Barry
497-3963
The
ILLINOIS
BUREAU
of the
BUDGET
will interview at Stanford on
Thursday, March 16. The
Bureau acts as professional
staff to the Governor on a ,
broad range of policy issues.
Backgrounds include
economics, political science
and management.
Contact:
Charlene Barry
497-3963
The
ILLINOIS
BUREAU
of the
BUDGET
will interview at Stanford on
Thursday, March 16. The
Bureau acts as professional
staff to the Governor on a ,
broad range of policy issues.
Backgrounds include
economics, political science
and management.
Contact:
Charlene Barry
497-3963
The
ILLINOIS
BUREAU
of the
BUDGET
will interview at Stanford on
Thursday, March 16. The
Bureau acts as professional
staff to the Governor on a ,
broad range of policy issues.
Backgrounds include
economics, political science
and management.
Contact:
Charlene Barry
497-3963
The
ILLINOIS
BUREAU
of the
BUDGET
will interview at Stanford on
Thursday, March 16. The
Bureau acts as professional
staff to the Governor on a ,
broad range of policy issues.
Backgrounds include
economics, political science
and management.
Contact:
Charlene Barry
497-3963
