# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
SPECIAL!
Pure Linen Hand-printed
Handkerchiefs
39c
Sheer Irish Linen Hand
kerchiefs with dainty hand
rolled hems, in a riot of
gorgeous colors.
Others priccd 25c to 75c
\yals~faerls
Palo Alto
SPECIAL!
Pure Linen Hand-printed
Handkerchiefs
39c
Sheer Irish Linen Hand
kerchiefs with dainty hand
rolled hems, in a riot of
gorgeous colors.
Others priccd 25c to 75c
\yals~faerls
Palo Alto
SPECIAL!
Pure Linen Hand-printed
Handkerchiefs
39c
Sheer Irish Linen Hand
kerchiefs with dainty hand
rolled hems, in a riot of
gorgeous colors.
Others priccd 25c to 75c
\yals~faerls
Palo Alto
SPECIAL!
Pure Linen Hand-printed
Handkerchiefs
39c
Sheer Irish Linen Hand
kerchiefs with dainty hand
rolled hems, in a riot of
gorgeous colors.
Others priccd 25c to 75c
\yals~faerls
Palo Alto
SPECIAL!
Pure Linen Hand-printed
Handkerchiefs
39c
Sheer Irish Linen Hand
kerchiefs with dainty hand
rolled hems, in a riot of
gorgeous colors.
Others priccd 25c to 75c
\yals~faerls
Palo Alto
SPECIAL!
Pure Linen Hand-printed
Handkerchiefs
39c
Sheer Irish Linen Hand
kerchiefs with dainty hand
rolled hems, in a riot of
gorgeous colors.
Others priccd 25c to 75c
\yals~faerls
Palo Alto
SPECIAL!
Pure Linen Hand-printed
Handkerchiefs
39c
Sheer Irish Linen Hand
kerchiefs with dainty hand
rolled hems, in a riot of
gorgeous colors.
Others priccd 25c to 75c
\yals~faerls
Palo Alto
SPECIAL!
Pure Linen Hand-printed
Handkerchiefs
39c
Sheer Irish Linen Hand
kerchiefs with dainty hand
rolled hems, in a riot of
gorgeous colors.
Others priccd 25c to 75c
\yals~faerls
Palo Alto
SPECIAL!
Pure Linen Hand-printed
Handkerchiefs
39c
Sheer Irish Linen Hand
kerchiefs with dainty hand
rolled hems, in a riot of
gorgeous colors.
Others priccd 25c to 75c
\yals~faerls
Palo Alto
SPECIAL!
Pure Linen Hand-printed
Handkerchiefs
39c
Sheer Irish Linen Hand
kerchiefs with dainty hand
rolled hems, in a riot of
gorgeous colors.
Others priccd 25c to 75c
\yals~faerls
Palo Alto
SPECIAL!
Pure Linen Hand-printed
Handkerchiefs
39c
Sheer Irish Linen Hand
kerchiefs with dainty hand
rolled hems, in a riot of
gorgeous colors.
Others priccd 25c to 75c
\yals~faerls
Palo Alto
SPECIAL!
Pure Linen Hand-printed
Handkerchiefs
39c
Sheer Irish Linen Hand
kerchiefs with dainty hand
rolled hems, in a riot of
gorgeous colors.
Others priccd 25c to 75c
\yals~faerls
Palo Alto
SPECIAL!
Pure Linen Hand-printed
Handkerchiefs
39c
Sheer Irish Linen Hand
kerchiefs with dainty hand
rolled hems, in a riot of
gorgeous colors.
Others priccd 25c to 75c
\yals~faerls
Palo Alto
SPECIAL!
Pure Linen Hand-printed
Handkerchiefs
39c
Sheer Irish Linen Hand
kerchiefs with dainty hand
rolled hems, in a riot of
gorgeous colors.
Others priccd 25c to 75c
\yals~faerls
Palo Alto
SPECIAL!
Pure Linen Hand-printed
Handkerchiefs
39c
Sheer Irish Linen Hand
kerchiefs with dainty hand
rolled hems, in a riot of
gorgeous colors.
Others priccd 25c to 75c
\yals~faerls
Palo Alto
SPECIAL!
Pure Linen Hand-printed
Handkerchiefs
39c
Sheer Irish Linen Hand
kerchiefs with dainty hand
rolled hems, in a riot of
gorgeous colors.
Others priccd 25c to 75c
\yals~faerls
Palo Alto
SPECIAL!
Pure Linen Hand-printed
Handkerchiefs
39c
Sheer Irish Linen Hand
kerchiefs with dainty hand
rolled hems, in a riot of
gorgeous colors.
Others priccd 25c to 75c
\yals~faerls
Palo Alto
SPECIAL!
Pure Linen Hand-printed
Handkerchiefs
39c
Sheer Irish Linen Hand
kerchiefs with dainty hand
rolled hems, in a riot of
gorgeous colors.
Others priccd 25c to 75c
\yals~faerls
Palo Alto
