# QUEZON RE-ELECTED
## 
### 
MANILA, Wed., Nov. 12 (UP).—
President Manuel Quezon, running
for re-election, held a commanding
lead in general elections today as
scattered violence was reported
throughout the Philippine common- |
wealth. i\Vth half of Manila's bal
lots counted, Quezon had received
88 per cent of the votes. In the |
provinces, he led by IK) per cent.
MANILA, Wed., Nov. 12 (UP).—
President Manuel Quezon, running
for re-election, held a commanding
lead in general elections today as
scattered violence was reported
throughout the Philippine common- |
wealth. i\Vth half of Manila's bal
lots counted, Quezon had received
88 per cent of the votes. In the |
provinces, he led by IK) per cent.
MANILA, Wed., Nov. 12 (UP).—
President Manuel Quezon, running
for re-election, held a commanding
lead in general elections today as
scattered violence was reported
throughout the Philippine common- |
wealth. i\Vth half of Manila's bal
lots counted, Quezon had received
88 per cent of the votes. In the |
provinces, he led by IK) per cent.
MANILA, Wed., Nov. 12 (UP).—
President Manuel Quezon, running
for re-election, held a commanding
lead in general elections today as
scattered violence was reported
throughout the Philippine common- |
wealth. i\Vth half of Manila's bal
lots counted, Quezon had received
88 per cent of the votes. In the |
provinces, he led by IK) per cent.
MANILA, Wed., Nov. 12 (UP).—
President Manuel Quezon, running
for re-election, held a commanding
lead in general elections today as
scattered violence was reported
throughout the Philippine common- |
wealth. i\Vth half of Manila's bal
lots counted, Quezon had received
88 per cent of the votes. In the |
provinces, he led by IK) per cent.
MANILA, Wed., Nov. 12 (UP).—
President Manuel Quezon, running
for re-election, held a commanding
lead in general elections today as
scattered violence was reported
throughout the Philippine common- |
wealth. i\Vth half of Manila's bal
lots counted, Quezon had received
88 per cent of the votes. In the |
provinces, he led by IK) per cent.
MANILA, Wed., Nov. 12 (UP).—
President Manuel Quezon, running
for re-election, held a commanding
lead in general elections today as
scattered violence was reported
throughout the Philippine common- |
wealth. i\Vth half of Manila's bal
lots counted, Quezon had received
88 per cent of the votes. In the |
provinces, he led by IK) per cent.
MANILA, Wed., Nov. 12 (UP).—
President Manuel Quezon, running
for re-election, held a commanding
lead in general elections today as
scattered violence was reported
throughout the Philippine common- |
wealth. i\Vth half of Manila's bal
lots counted, Quezon had received
88 per cent of the votes. In the |
provinces, he led by IK) per cent.
MANILA, Wed., Nov. 12 (UP).—
President Manuel Quezon, running
for re-election, held a commanding
lead in general elections today as
scattered violence was reported
throughout the Philippine common- |
wealth. i\Vth half of Manila's bal
lots counted, Quezon had received
88 per cent of the votes. In the |
provinces, he led by IK) per cent.
MANILA, Wed., Nov. 12 (UP).—
President Manuel Quezon, running
for re-election, held a commanding
lead in general elections today as
scattered violence was reported
throughout the Philippine common- |
wealth. i\Vth half of Manila's bal
lots counted, Quezon had received
88 per cent of the votes. In the |
provinces, he led by IK) per cent.
MANILA, Wed., Nov. 12 (UP).—
President Manuel Quezon, running
for re-election, held a commanding
lead in general elections today as
scattered violence was reported
throughout the Philippine common- |
wealth. i\Vth half of Manila's bal
lots counted, Quezon had received
88 per cent of the votes. In the |
provinces, he led by IK) per cent.
MANILA, Wed., Nov. 12 (UP).—
President Manuel Quezon, running
for re-election, held a commanding
lead in general elections today as
scattered violence was reported
throughout the Philippine common- |
wealth. i\Vth half of Manila's bal
lots counted, Quezon had received
88 per cent of the votes. In the |
provinces, he led by IK) per cent.
MANILA, Wed., Nov. 12 (UP).—
President Manuel Quezon, running
for re-election, held a commanding
lead in general elections today as
scattered violence was reported
throughout the Philippine common- |
wealth. i\Vth half of Manila's bal
lots counted, Quezon had received
88 per cent of the votes. In the |
provinces, he led by IK) per cent.
MANILA, Wed., Nov. 12 (UP).—
President Manuel Quezon, running
for re-election, held a commanding
lead in general elections today as
scattered violence was reported
throughout the Philippine common- |
wealth. i\Vth half of Manila's bal
lots counted, Quezon had received
88 per cent of the votes. In the |
provinces, he led by IK) per cent.
MANILA, Wed., Nov. 12 (UP).—
President Manuel Quezon, running
for re-election, held a commanding
lead in general elections today as
scattered violence was reported
throughout the Philippine common- |
wealth. i\Vth half of Manila's bal
lots counted, Quezon had received
88 per cent of the votes. In the |
provinces, he led by IK) per cent.
MANILA, Wed., Nov. 12 (UP).—
President Manuel Quezon, running
for re-election, held a commanding
lead in general elections today as
scattered violence was reported
throughout the Philippine common- |
wealth. i\Vth half of Manila's bal
lots counted, Quezon had received
88 per cent of the votes. In the |
provinces, he led by IK) per cent.
MANILA, Wed., Nov. 12 (UP).—
President Manuel Quezon, running
for re-election, held a commanding
lead in general elections today as
scattered violence was reported
throughout the Philippine common- |
wealth. i\Vth half of Manila's bal
lots counted, Quezon had received
88 per cent of the votes. In the |
provinces, he led by IK) per cent.
MANILA, Wed., Nov. 12 (UP).—
President Manuel Quezon, running
for re-election, held a commanding
lead in general elections today as
scattered violence was reported
throughout the Philippine common- |
wealth. i\Vth half of Manila's bal
lots counted, Quezon had received
88 per cent of the votes. In the |
provinces, he led by IK) per cent.
