# BRITAIN STRENGTHENS FAR EAST
## 
### 

AS CABLES TOLD of growing tension in the Pacific with the forces of the Rising Sun reported massing
against Thailand and considering a new drive to the south, it was also evident that Britain was not to be
caught napping. This photo, just arrived by clipper from Singapore, shows (he arrival of another large
group of re-enforcements to swell the ever-growing army in Britain's outpost in the Pacific.

AS CABLES TOLD of growing tension in the Pacific with the forces of the Rising Sun reported massing
against Thailand and considering a new drive to the south, it was also evident that Britain was not to be
caught napping. This photo, just arrived by clipper from Singapore, shows (he arrival of another large
group of re-enforcements to swell the ever-growing army in Britain's outpost in the Pacific.

AS CABLES TOLD of growing tension in the Pacific with the forces of the Rising Sun reported massing
against Thailand and considering a new drive to the south, it was also evident that Britain was not to be
caught napping. This photo, just arrived by clipper from Singapore, shows (he arrival of another large
group of re-enforcements to swell the ever-growing army in Britain's outpost in the Pacific.

AS CABLES TOLD of growing tension in the Pacific with the forces of the Rising Sun reported massing
against Thailand and considering a new drive to the south, it was also evident that Britain was not to be
caught napping. This photo, just arrived by clipper from Singapore, shows (he arrival of another large
group of re-enforcements to swell the ever-growing army in Britain's outpost in the Pacific.

AS CABLES TOLD of growing tension in the Pacific with the forces of the Rising Sun reported massing
against Thailand and considering a new drive to the south, it was also evident that Britain was not to be
caught napping. This photo, just arrived by clipper from Singapore, shows (he arrival of another large
group of re-enforcements to swell the ever-growing army in Britain's outpost in the Pacific.

AS CABLES TOLD of growing tension in the Pacific with the forces of the Rising Sun reported massing
against Thailand and considering a new drive to the south, it was also evident that Britain was not to be
caught napping. This photo, just arrived by clipper from Singapore, shows (he arrival of another large
group of re-enforcements to swell the ever-growing army in Britain's outpost in the Pacific.

AS CABLES TOLD of growing tension in the Pacific with the forces of the Rising Sun reported massing
against Thailand and considering a new drive to the south, it was also evident that Britain was not to be
caught napping. This photo, just arrived by clipper from Singapore, shows (he arrival of another large
group of re-enforcements to swell the ever-growing army in Britain's outpost in the Pacific.

AS CABLES TOLD of growing tension in the Pacific with the forces of the Rising Sun reported massing
against Thailand and considering a new drive to the south, it was also evident that Britain was not to be
caught napping. This photo, just arrived by clipper from Singapore, shows (he arrival of another large
group of re-enforcements to swell the ever-growing army in Britain's outpost in the Pacific.

AS CABLES TOLD of growing tension in the Pacific with the forces of the Rising Sun reported massing
against Thailand and considering a new drive to the south, it was also evident that Britain was not to be
caught napping. This photo, just arrived by clipper from Singapore, shows (he arrival of another large
group of re-enforcements to swell the ever-growing army in Britain's outpost in the Pacific.

AS CABLES TOLD of growing tension in the Pacific with the forces of the Rising Sun reported massing
against Thailand and considering a new drive to the south, it was also evident that Britain was not to be
caught napping. This photo, just arrived by clipper from Singapore, shows (he arrival of another large
group of re-enforcements to swell the ever-growing army in Britain's outpost in the Pacific.

AS CABLES TOLD of growing tension in the Pacific with the forces of the Rising Sun reported massing
against Thailand and considering a new drive to the south, it was also evident that Britain was not to be
caught napping. This photo, just arrived by clipper from Singapore, shows (he arrival of another large
group of re-enforcements to swell the ever-growing army in Britain's outpost in the Pacific.

AS CABLES TOLD of growing tension in the Pacific with the forces of the Rising Sun reported massing
against Thailand and considering a new drive to the south, it was also evident that Britain was not to be
caught napping. This photo, just arrived by clipper from Singapore, shows (he arrival of another large
group of re-enforcements to swell the ever-growing army in Britain's outpost in the Pacific.

AS CABLES TOLD of growing tension in the Pacific with the forces of the Rising Sun reported massing
against Thailand and considering a new drive to the south, it was also evident that Britain was not to be
caught napping. This photo, just arrived by clipper from Singapore, shows (he arrival of another large
group of re-enforcements to swell the ever-growing army in Britain's outpost in the Pacific.

AS CABLES TOLD of growing tension in the Pacific with the forces of the Rising Sun reported massing
against Thailand and considering a new drive to the south, it was also evident that Britain was not to be
caught napping. This photo, just arrived by clipper from Singapore, shows (he arrival of another large
group of re-enforcements to swell the ever-growing army in Britain's outpost in the Pacific.

AS CABLES TOLD of growing tension in the Pacific with the forces of the Rising Sun reported massing
against Thailand and considering a new drive to the south, it was also evident that Britain was not to be
caught napping. This photo, just arrived by clipper from Singapore, shows (he arrival of another large
group of re-enforcements to swell the ever-growing army in Britain's outpost in the Pacific.

AS CABLES TOLD of growing tension in the Pacific with the forces of the Rising Sun reported massing
against Thailand and considering a new drive to the south, it was also evident that Britain was not to be
caught napping. This photo, just arrived by clipper from Singapore, shows (he arrival of another large
group of re-enforcements to swell the ever-growing army in Britain's outpost in the Pacific.

AS CABLES TOLD of growing tension in the Pacific with the forces of the Rising Sun reported massing
against Thailand and considering a new drive to the south, it was also evident that Britain was not to be
caught napping. This photo, just arrived by clipper from Singapore, shows (he arrival of another large
group of re-enforcements to swell the ever-growing army in Britain's outpost in the Pacific.

AS CABLES TOLD of growing tension in the Pacific with the forces of the Rising Sun reported massing
against Thailand and considering a new drive to the south, it was also evident that Britain was not to be
caught napping. This photo, just arrived by clipper from Singapore, shows (he arrival of another large
group of re-enforcements to swell the ever-growing army in Britain's outpost in the Pacific.
