# YWCA
## 
### 
Interviews for candidates for the
oilice of YWCA president for the
rest of the school year will be held
today from 4:15 to 5:30 p.m. on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Candidates will be voted on
later in the week by all "Y" mem
bers.
Interviews for candidates for the
oilice of YWCA president for the
rest of the school year will be held
today from 4:15 to 5:30 p.m. on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Candidates will be voted on
later in the week by all "Y" mem
bers.
Interviews for candidates for the
oilice of YWCA president for the
rest of the school year will be held
today from 4:15 to 5:30 p.m. on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Candidates will be voted on
later in the week by all "Y" mem
bers.
Interviews for candidates for the
oilice of YWCA president for the
rest of the school year will be held
today from 4:15 to 5:30 p.m. on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Candidates will be voted on
later in the week by all "Y" mem
bers.
Interviews for candidates for the
oilice of YWCA president for the
rest of the school year will be held
today from 4:15 to 5:30 p.m. on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Candidates will be voted on
later in the week by all "Y" mem
bers.
Interviews for candidates for the
oilice of YWCA president for the
rest of the school year will be held
today from 4:15 to 5:30 p.m. on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Candidates will be voted on
later in the week by all "Y" mem
bers.
Interviews for candidates for the
oilice of YWCA president for the
rest of the school year will be held
today from 4:15 to 5:30 p.m. on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Candidates will be voted on
later in the week by all "Y" mem
bers.
Interviews for candidates for the
oilice of YWCA president for the
rest of the school year will be held
today from 4:15 to 5:30 p.m. on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Candidates will be voted on
later in the week by all "Y" mem
bers.
Interviews for candidates for the
oilice of YWCA president for the
rest of the school year will be held
today from 4:15 to 5:30 p.m. on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Candidates will be voted on
later in the week by all "Y" mem
bers.
Interviews for candidates for the
oilice of YWCA president for the
rest of the school year will be held
today from 4:15 to 5:30 p.m. on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Candidates will be voted on
later in the week by all "Y" mem
bers.
Interviews for candidates for the
oilice of YWCA president for the
rest of the school year will be held
today from 4:15 to 5:30 p.m. on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Candidates will be voted on
later in the week by all "Y" mem
bers.
Interviews for candidates for the
oilice of YWCA president for the
rest of the school year will be held
today from 4:15 to 5:30 p.m. on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Candidates will be voted on
later in the week by all "Y" mem
bers.
Interviews for candidates for the
oilice of YWCA president for the
rest of the school year will be held
today from 4:15 to 5:30 p.m. on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Candidates will be voted on
later in the week by all "Y" mem
bers.
Interviews for candidates for the
oilice of YWCA president for the
rest of the school year will be held
today from 4:15 to 5:30 p.m. on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Candidates will be voted on
later in the week by all "Y" mem
bers.
