# IAS
## 
### 
There will be an lAS field trip to

see GCA at MofTett Field today.
The group will meet at the Engi
neering corner at 7 p.m. Transpor
tation available.
There will be an lAS field trip to

see GCA at MofTett Field today.
The group will meet at the Engi
neering corner at 7 p.m. Transpor
tation available.
There will be an lAS field trip to

see GCA at MofTett Field today.
The group will meet at the Engi
neering corner at 7 p.m. Transpor
tation available.
There will be an lAS field trip to

see GCA at MofTett Field today.
The group will meet at the Engi
neering corner at 7 p.m. Transpor
tation available.
There will be an lAS field trip to

see GCA at MofTett Field today.
The group will meet at the Engi
neering corner at 7 p.m. Transpor
tation available.
There will be an lAS field trip to

see GCA at MofTett Field today.
The group will meet at the Engi
neering corner at 7 p.m. Transpor
tation available.
There will be an lAS field trip to

see GCA at MofTett Field today.
The group will meet at the Engi
neering corner at 7 p.m. Transpor
tation available.
There will be an lAS field trip to

see GCA at MofTett Field today.
The group will meet at the Engi
neering corner at 7 p.m. Transpor
tation available.
There will be an lAS field trip to

see GCA at MofTett Field today.
The group will meet at the Engi
neering corner at 7 p.m. Transpor
tation available.
There will be an lAS field trip to

see GCA at MofTett Field today.
The group will meet at the Engi
neering corner at 7 p.m. Transpor
tation available.
There will be an lAS field trip to

see GCA at MofTett Field today.
The group will meet at the Engi
neering corner at 7 p.m. Transpor
tation available.
There will be an lAS field trip to

see GCA at MofTett Field today.
The group will meet at the Engi
neering corner at 7 p.m. Transpor
tation available.
There will be an lAS field trip to

see GCA at MofTett Field today.
The group will meet at the Engi
neering corner at 7 p.m. Transpor
tation available.
There will be an lAS field trip to

see GCA at MofTett Field today.
The group will meet at the Engi
neering corner at 7 p.m. Transpor
tation available.
