# POEM ACCEPTED
## 
### 
"More Stands Man,' 1 a poem writ
ten by Barbara Moore of Stanford,
was recently accepted for publica
tion in the Annual Anthology of
College Poetry.
"More Stands Man,' 1 a poem writ
ten by Barbara Moore of Stanford,
was recently accepted for publica
tion in the Annual Anthology of
College Poetry.
"More Stands Man,' 1 a poem writ
ten by Barbara Moore of Stanford,
was recently accepted for publica
tion in the Annual Anthology of
College Poetry.
"More Stands Man,' 1 a poem writ
ten by Barbara Moore of Stanford,
was recently accepted for publica
tion in the Annual Anthology of
College Poetry.
"More Stands Man,' 1 a poem writ
ten by Barbara Moore of Stanford,
was recently accepted for publica
tion in the Annual Anthology of
College Poetry.
"More Stands Man,' 1 a poem writ
ten by Barbara Moore of Stanford,
was recently accepted for publica
tion in the Annual Anthology of
College Poetry.
"More Stands Man,' 1 a poem writ
ten by Barbara Moore of Stanford,
was recently accepted for publica
tion in the Annual Anthology of
College Poetry.
"More Stands Man,' 1 a poem writ
ten by Barbara Moore of Stanford,
was recently accepted for publica
tion in the Annual Anthology of
College Poetry.
"More Stands Man,' 1 a poem writ
ten by Barbara Moore of Stanford,
was recently accepted for publica
tion in the Annual Anthology of
College Poetry.
"More Stands Man,' 1 a poem writ
ten by Barbara Moore of Stanford,
was recently accepted for publica
tion in the Annual Anthology of
College Poetry.
"More Stands Man,' 1 a poem writ
ten by Barbara Moore of Stanford,
was recently accepted for publica
tion in the Annual Anthology of
College Poetry.
"More Stands Man,' 1 a poem writ
ten by Barbara Moore of Stanford,
was recently accepted for publica
tion in the Annual Anthology of
College Poetry.
"More Stands Man,' 1 a poem writ
ten by Barbara Moore of Stanford,
was recently accepted for publica
tion in the Annual Anthology of
College Poetry.
"More Stands Man,' 1 a poem writ
ten by Barbara Moore of Stanford,
was recently accepted for publica
tion in the Annual Anthology of
College Poetry.
