# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Mrs. William Longmire. 'IS. for
merly Miss Dorothy Le Seur, is visit
ing her parents in Palo Alto. Mrs.
Longmire has been living in Okla
homa since her marriage last year to
W. R. Longmire, '14, a member of
Sigma \'u.
Mrs. William Longmire. 'IS. for
merly Miss Dorothy Le Seur, is visit
ing her parents in Palo Alto. Mrs.
Longmire has been living in Okla
homa since her marriage last year to
W. R. Longmire, '14, a member of
Sigma \'u.
Mrs. William Longmire. 'IS. for
merly Miss Dorothy Le Seur, is visit
ing her parents in Palo Alto. Mrs.
Longmire has been living in Okla
homa since her marriage last year to
W. R. Longmire, '14, a member of
Sigma \'u.
Mrs. William Longmire. 'IS. for
merly Miss Dorothy Le Seur, is visit
ing her parents in Palo Alto. Mrs.
Longmire has been living in Okla
homa since her marriage last year to
W. R. Longmire, '14, a member of
Sigma \'u.
Mrs. William Longmire. 'IS. for
merly Miss Dorothy Le Seur, is visit
ing her parents in Palo Alto. Mrs.
Longmire has been living in Okla
homa since her marriage last year to
W. R. Longmire, '14, a member of
Sigma \'u.
Mrs. William Longmire. 'IS. for
merly Miss Dorothy Le Seur, is visit
ing her parents in Palo Alto. Mrs.
Longmire has been living in Okla
homa since her marriage last year to
W. R. Longmire, '14, a member of
Sigma \'u.
Mrs. William Longmire. 'IS. for
merly Miss Dorothy Le Seur, is visit
ing her parents in Palo Alto. Mrs.
Longmire has been living in Okla
homa since her marriage last year to
W. R. Longmire, '14, a member of
Sigma \'u.
Mrs. William Longmire. 'IS. for
merly Miss Dorothy Le Seur, is visit
ing her parents in Palo Alto. Mrs.
Longmire has been living in Okla
homa since her marriage last year to
W. R. Longmire, '14, a member of
Sigma \'u.
Mrs. William Longmire. 'IS. for
merly Miss Dorothy Le Seur, is visit
ing her parents in Palo Alto. Mrs.
Longmire has been living in Okla
homa since her marriage last year to
W. R. Longmire, '14, a member of
Sigma \'u.
Mrs. William Longmire. 'IS. for
merly Miss Dorothy Le Seur, is visit
ing her parents in Palo Alto. Mrs.
Longmire has been living in Okla
homa since her marriage last year to
W. R. Longmire, '14, a member of
Sigma \'u.
Mrs. William Longmire. 'IS. for
merly Miss Dorothy Le Seur, is visit
ing her parents in Palo Alto. Mrs.
Longmire has been living in Okla
homa since her marriage last year to
W. R. Longmire, '14, a member of
Sigma \'u.
Mrs. William Longmire. 'IS. for
merly Miss Dorothy Le Seur, is visit
ing her parents in Palo Alto. Mrs.
Longmire has been living in Okla
homa since her marriage last year to
W. R. Longmire, '14, a member of
Sigma \'u.
Mrs. William Longmire. 'IS. for
merly Miss Dorothy Le Seur, is visit
ing her parents in Palo Alto. Mrs.
Longmire has been living in Okla
homa since her marriage last year to
W. R. Longmire, '14, a member of
Sigma \'u.
Mrs. William Longmire. 'IS. for
merly Miss Dorothy Le Seur, is visit
ing her parents in Palo Alto. Mrs.
Longmire has been living in Okla
homa since her marriage last year to
W. R. Longmire, '14, a member of
Sigma \'u.
Mrs. William Longmire. 'IS. for
merly Miss Dorothy Le Seur, is visit
ing her parents in Palo Alto. Mrs.
Longmire has been living in Okla
homa since her marriage last year to
W. R. Longmire, '14, a member of
Sigma \'u.
