# U.N. Hoffman Leaves For Tacoma Tonight
## 
### 
U. N. Hoffman, acting head of the
journalism branch of the English de
partment. leaves this evening for Ta
coma, Washington. Hoffman will do
newspaper work in Tacoma during the
summer.
U. N. Hoffman, acting head of the
journalism branch of the English de
partment. leaves this evening for Ta
coma, Washington. Hoffman will do
newspaper work in Tacoma during the
summer.
U. N. Hoffman, acting head of the
journalism branch of the English de
partment. leaves this evening for Ta
coma, Washington. Hoffman will do
newspaper work in Tacoma during the
summer.
U. N. Hoffman, acting head of the
journalism branch of the English de
partment. leaves this evening for Ta
coma, Washington. Hoffman will do
newspaper work in Tacoma during the
summer.
U. N. Hoffman, acting head of the
journalism branch of the English de
partment. leaves this evening for Ta
coma, Washington. Hoffman will do
newspaper work in Tacoma during the
summer.
U. N. Hoffman, acting head of the
journalism branch of the English de
partment. leaves this evening for Ta
coma, Washington. Hoffman will do
newspaper work in Tacoma during the
summer.
U. N. Hoffman, acting head of the
journalism branch of the English de
partment. leaves this evening for Ta
coma, Washington. Hoffman will do
newspaper work in Tacoma during the
summer.
U. N. Hoffman, acting head of the
journalism branch of the English de
partment. leaves this evening for Ta
coma, Washington. Hoffman will do
newspaper work in Tacoma during the
summer.
U. N. Hoffman, acting head of the
journalism branch of the English de
partment. leaves this evening for Ta
coma, Washington. Hoffman will do
newspaper work in Tacoma during the
summer.
U. N. Hoffman, acting head of the
journalism branch of the English de
partment. leaves this evening for Ta
coma, Washington. Hoffman will do
newspaper work in Tacoma during the
summer.
U. N. Hoffman, acting head of the
journalism branch of the English de
partment. leaves this evening for Ta
coma, Washington. Hoffman will do
newspaper work in Tacoma during the
summer.
U. N. Hoffman, acting head of the
journalism branch of the English de
partment. leaves this evening for Ta
coma, Washington. Hoffman will do
newspaper work in Tacoma during the
summer.
U. N. Hoffman, acting head of the
journalism branch of the English de
partment. leaves this evening for Ta
coma, Washington. Hoffman will do
newspaper work in Tacoma during the
summer.
U. N. Hoffman, acting head of the
journalism branch of the English de
partment. leaves this evening for Ta
coma, Washington. Hoffman will do
newspaper work in Tacoma during the
summer.
U. N. Hoffman, acting head of the
journalism branch of the English de
partment. leaves this evening for Ta
coma, Washington. Hoffman will do
newspaper work in Tacoma during the
summer.
