# Bureau Approves Student's Speech
## 
### 
Speakers' Bureau approved King
Beach, who spoke on R.O.T.C. yes
terday at the Review Board, at 1
o'clock in Room 268, 'Engineering
Corner. The last Review Board will
be held next Wednesday at the same
time and place.
Chuck Schafer, bureau manager,
announced that the list of speakers
would be sent to prospective clubs
this summer and again two days
after school starts this autumn. "It
is imperative that students who de
sire to speak for the bureau see me
immediately," he said. The office is
in Room 14, Old Union.
A new transport plane for sub
stratosphere flying is constructed
without windows. It is built for fly
ing at 30,000 feet and its cabin is sup
plied with oxygen.
