# Bassett To Recite At Luncheon Club
## 
### 
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett
will give recitations from Kipling
when the Luncheon Club meets at
noon today in Women's Clubhouse. J
His selections will include "The
Explorer," "Mulholland's Contract,"
"The Widow at Windsor," "Boots," ,
and several shorter poems. The pro
fessor is well known for his poetry
readings. This will be the next to
the last meeting of the club this
quarter. Admission is 25 cents.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett
will give recitations from Kipling
when the Luncheon Club meets at
noon today in Women's Clubhouse. J
His selections will include "The
Explorer," "Mulholland's Contract,"
"The Widow at Windsor," "Boots," ,
and several shorter poems. The pro
fessor is well known for his poetry
readings. This will be the next to
the last meeting of the club this
quarter. Admission is 25 cents.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett
will give recitations from Kipling
when the Luncheon Club meets at
noon today in Women's Clubhouse. J
His selections will include "The
Explorer," "Mulholland's Contract,"
"The Widow at Windsor," "Boots," ,
and several shorter poems. The pro
fessor is well known for his poetry
readings. This will be the next to
the last meeting of the club this
quarter. Admission is 25 cents.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett
will give recitations from Kipling
when the Luncheon Club meets at
noon today in Women's Clubhouse. J
His selections will include "The
Explorer," "Mulholland's Contract,"
"The Widow at Windsor," "Boots," ,
and several shorter poems. The pro
fessor is well known for his poetry
readings. This will be the next to
the last meeting of the club this
quarter. Admission is 25 cents.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett
will give recitations from Kipling
when the Luncheon Club meets at
noon today in Women's Clubhouse. J
His selections will include "The
Explorer," "Mulholland's Contract,"
"The Widow at Windsor," "Boots," ,
and several shorter poems. The pro
fessor is well known for his poetry
readings. This will be the next to
the last meeting of the club this
quarter. Admission is 25 cents.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett
will give recitations from Kipling
when the Luncheon Club meets at
noon today in Women's Clubhouse. J
His selections will include "The
Explorer," "Mulholland's Contract,"
"The Widow at Windsor," "Boots," ,
and several shorter poems. The pro
fessor is well known for his poetry
readings. This will be the next to
the last meeting of the club this
quarter. Admission is 25 cents.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett
will give recitations from Kipling
when the Luncheon Club meets at
noon today in Women's Clubhouse. J
His selections will include "The
Explorer," "Mulholland's Contract,"
"The Widow at Windsor," "Boots," ,
and several shorter poems. The pro
fessor is well known for his poetry
readings. This will be the next to
the last meeting of the club this
quarter. Admission is 25 cents.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett
will give recitations from Kipling
when the Luncheon Club meets at
noon today in Women's Clubhouse. J
His selections will include "The
Explorer," "Mulholland's Contract,"
"The Widow at Windsor," "Boots," ,
and several shorter poems. The pro
fessor is well known for his poetry
readings. This will be the next to
the last meeting of the club this
quarter. Admission is 25 cents.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett
will give recitations from Kipling
when the Luncheon Club meets at
noon today in Women's Clubhouse. J
His selections will include "The
Explorer," "Mulholland's Contract,"
"The Widow at Windsor," "Boots," ,
and several shorter poems. The pro
fessor is well known for his poetry
readings. This will be the next to
the last meeting of the club this
quarter. Admission is 25 cents.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett
will give recitations from Kipling
when the Luncheon Club meets at
noon today in Women's Clubhouse. J
His selections will include "The
Explorer," "Mulholland's Contract,"
"The Widow at Windsor," "Boots," ,
and several shorter poems. The pro
fessor is well known for his poetry
readings. This will be the next to
the last meeting of the club this
quarter. Admission is 25 cents.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett
will give recitations from Kipling
when the Luncheon Club meets at
noon today in Women's Clubhouse. J
His selections will include "The
Explorer," "Mulholland's Contract,"
"The Widow at Windsor," "Boots," ,
and several shorter poems. The pro
fessor is well known for his poetry
readings. This will be the next to
the last meeting of the club this
quarter. Admission is 25 cents.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett
will give recitations from Kipling
when the Luncheon Club meets at
noon today in Women's Clubhouse. J
His selections will include "The
Explorer," "Mulholland's Contract,"
"The Widow at Windsor," "Boots," ,
and several shorter poems. The pro
fessor is well known for his poetry
readings. This will be the next to
the last meeting of the club this
quarter. Admission is 25 cents.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett
will give recitations from Kipling
when the Luncheon Club meets at
noon today in Women's Clubhouse. J
His selections will include "The
Explorer," "Mulholland's Contract,"
"The Widow at Windsor," "Boots," ,
and several shorter poems. The pro
fessor is well known for his poetry
readings. This will be the next to
the last meeting of the club this
quarter. Admission is 25 cents.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett
will give recitations from Kipling
when the Luncheon Club meets at
noon today in Women's Clubhouse. J
His selections will include "The
Explorer," "Mulholland's Contract,"
"The Widow at Windsor," "Boots," ,
and several shorter poems. The pro
fessor is well known for his poetry
readings. This will be the next to
the last meeting of the club this
quarter. Admission is 25 cents.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett
will give recitations from Kipling
when the Luncheon Club meets at
noon today in Women's Clubhouse. J
His selections will include "The
Explorer," "Mulholland's Contract,"
"The Widow at Windsor," "Boots," ,
and several shorter poems. The pro
fessor is well known for his poetry
readings. This will be the next to
the last meeting of the club this
quarter. Admission is 25 cents.
