# Y.W.C.A to Hold Tea for Transfers
## 
### 
All new transfer women of the
classes of '39, '40 and *41 who have
just joined the "Y" or who have
worked on "Y" activities in other
colleges arc invited to attend a get
acquainted tea to be held this after
noon at 4 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Mary Kay Horton, president of
the organization, and Miss Kay Rog
ers, secretary, will greet the new
transfers. Any questions that the
transfers have concerning the "Y"
activities and other campus activi
ties will be answered informally.
All new transfer women of the
classes of '39, '40 and *41 who have
just joined the "Y" or who have
worked on "Y" activities in other
colleges arc invited to attend a get
acquainted tea to be held this after
noon at 4 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Mary Kay Horton, president of
the organization, and Miss Kay Rog
ers, secretary, will greet the new
transfers. Any questions that the
transfers have concerning the "Y"
activities and other campus activi
ties will be answered informally.
All new transfer women of the
classes of '39, '40 and *41 who have
just joined the "Y" or who have
worked on "Y" activities in other
colleges arc invited to attend a get
acquainted tea to be held this after
noon at 4 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Mary Kay Horton, president of
the organization, and Miss Kay Rog
ers, secretary, will greet the new
transfers. Any questions that the
transfers have concerning the "Y"
activities and other campus activi
ties will be answered informally.
All new transfer women of the
classes of '39, '40 and *41 who have
just joined the "Y" or who have
worked on "Y" activities in other
colleges arc invited to attend a get
acquainted tea to be held this after
noon at 4 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Mary Kay Horton, president of
the organization, and Miss Kay Rog
ers, secretary, will greet the new
transfers. Any questions that the
transfers have concerning the "Y"
activities and other campus activi
ties will be answered informally.
All new transfer women of the
classes of '39, '40 and *41 who have
just joined the "Y" or who have
worked on "Y" activities in other
colleges arc invited to attend a get
acquainted tea to be held this after
noon at 4 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Mary Kay Horton, president of
the organization, and Miss Kay Rog
ers, secretary, will greet the new
transfers. Any questions that the
transfers have concerning the "Y"
activities and other campus activi
ties will be answered informally.
All new transfer women of the
classes of '39, '40 and *41 who have
just joined the "Y" or who have
worked on "Y" activities in other
colleges arc invited to attend a get
acquainted tea to be held this after
noon at 4 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Mary Kay Horton, president of
the organization, and Miss Kay Rog
ers, secretary, will greet the new
transfers. Any questions that the
transfers have concerning the "Y"
activities and other campus activi
ties will be answered informally.
All new transfer women of the
classes of '39, '40 and *41 who have
just joined the "Y" or who have
worked on "Y" activities in other
colleges arc invited to attend a get
acquainted tea to be held this after
noon at 4 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Mary Kay Horton, president of
the organization, and Miss Kay Rog
ers, secretary, will greet the new
transfers. Any questions that the
transfers have concerning the "Y"
activities and other campus activi
ties will be answered informally.
All new transfer women of the
classes of '39, '40 and *41 who have
just joined the "Y" or who have
worked on "Y" activities in other
colleges arc invited to attend a get
acquainted tea to be held this after
noon at 4 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Mary Kay Horton, president of
the organization, and Miss Kay Rog
ers, secretary, will greet the new
transfers. Any questions that the
transfers have concerning the "Y"
activities and other campus activi
ties will be answered informally.
All new transfer women of the
classes of '39, '40 and *41 who have
just joined the "Y" or who have
worked on "Y" activities in other
colleges arc invited to attend a get
acquainted tea to be held this after
noon at 4 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Mary Kay Horton, president of
the organization, and Miss Kay Rog
ers, secretary, will greet the new
transfers. Any questions that the
transfers have concerning the "Y"
activities and other campus activi
ties will be answered informally.
All new transfer women of the
classes of '39, '40 and *41 who have
just joined the "Y" or who have
worked on "Y" activities in other
colleges arc invited to attend a get
acquainted tea to be held this after
noon at 4 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Mary Kay Horton, president of
the organization, and Miss Kay Rog
ers, secretary, will greet the new
transfers. Any questions that the
transfers have concerning the "Y"
activities and other campus activi
ties will be answered informally.
All new transfer women of the
classes of '39, '40 and *41 who have
just joined the "Y" or who have
worked on "Y" activities in other
colleges arc invited to attend a get
acquainted tea to be held this after
noon at 4 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Mary Kay Horton, president of
the organization, and Miss Kay Rog
ers, secretary, will greet the new
transfers. Any questions that the
transfers have concerning the "Y"
activities and other campus activi
ties will be answered informally.
All new transfer women of the
classes of '39, '40 and *41 who have
just joined the "Y" or who have
worked on "Y" activities in other
colleges arc invited to attend a get
acquainted tea to be held this after
noon at 4 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Mary Kay Horton, president of
the organization, and Miss Kay Rog
ers, secretary, will greet the new
transfers. Any questions that the
transfers have concerning the "Y"
activities and other campus activi
ties will be answered informally.
All new transfer women of the
classes of '39, '40 and *41 who have
just joined the "Y" or who have
worked on "Y" activities in other
colleges arc invited to attend a get
acquainted tea to be held this after
noon at 4 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Mary Kay Horton, president of
the organization, and Miss Kay Rog
ers, secretary, will greet the new
transfers. Any questions that the
transfers have concerning the "Y"
activities and other campus activi
ties will be answered informally.
All new transfer women of the
classes of '39, '40 and *41 who have
just joined the "Y" or who have
worked on "Y" activities in other
colleges arc invited to attend a get
acquainted tea to be held this after
noon at 4 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Mary Kay Horton, president of
the organization, and Miss Kay Rog
ers, secretary, will greet the new
transfers. Any questions that the
transfers have concerning the "Y"
activities and other campus activi
ties will be answered informally.
All new transfer women of the
classes of '39, '40 and *41 who have
just joined the "Y" or who have
worked on "Y" activities in other
colleges arc invited to attend a get
acquainted tea to be held this after
noon at 4 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Mary Kay Horton, president of
the organization, and Miss Kay Rog
ers, secretary, will greet the new
transfers. Any questions that the
transfers have concerning the "Y"
activities and other campus activi
ties will be answered informally.
All new transfer women of the
classes of '39, '40 and *41 who have
just joined the "Y" or who have
worked on "Y" activities in other
colleges arc invited to attend a get
acquainted tea to be held this after
noon at 4 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Mary Kay Horton, president of
the organization, and Miss Kay Rog
ers, secretary, will greet the new
transfers. Any questions that the
transfers have concerning the "Y"
activities and other campus activi
ties will be answered informally.
