# Associate Justice Dies after Illness
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16 (UP). —
Associate Justice John A. Plum
mer, of the State Third District
Court of Appeal, died at his home
here today on the eve of his 80th
birthday.
Ailing for several months, Plum
mer had been confined to his home
for six weeks preceding his death.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16 (UP). —
Associate Justice John A. Plum
mer, of the State Third District
Court of Appeal, died at his home
here today on the eve of his 80th
birthday.
Ailing for several months, Plum
mer had been confined to his home
for six weeks preceding his death.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16 (UP). —
Associate Justice John A. Plum
mer, of the State Third District
Court of Appeal, died at his home
here today on the eve of his 80th
birthday.
Ailing for several months, Plum
mer had been confined to his home
for six weeks preceding his death.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16 (UP). —
Associate Justice John A. Plum
mer, of the State Third District
Court of Appeal, died at his home
here today on the eve of his 80th
birthday.
Ailing for several months, Plum
mer had been confined to his home
for six weeks preceding his death.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16 (UP). —
Associate Justice John A. Plum
mer, of the State Third District
Court of Appeal, died at his home
here today on the eve of his 80th
birthday.
Ailing for several months, Plum
mer had been confined to his home
for six weeks preceding his death.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16 (UP). —
Associate Justice John A. Plum
mer, of the State Third District
Court of Appeal, died at his home
here today on the eve of his 80th
birthday.
Ailing for several months, Plum
mer had been confined to his home
for six weeks preceding his death.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16 (UP). —
Associate Justice John A. Plum
mer, of the State Third District
Court of Appeal, died at his home
here today on the eve of his 80th
birthday.
Ailing for several months, Plum
mer had been confined to his home
for six weeks preceding his death.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16 (UP). —
Associate Justice John A. Plum
mer, of the State Third District
Court of Appeal, died at his home
here today on the eve of his 80th
birthday.
Ailing for several months, Plum
mer had been confined to his home
for six weeks preceding his death.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16 (UP). —
Associate Justice John A. Plum
mer, of the State Third District
Court of Appeal, died at his home
here today on the eve of his 80th
birthday.
Ailing for several months, Plum
mer had been confined to his home
for six weeks preceding his death.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16 (UP). —
Associate Justice John A. Plum
mer, of the State Third District
Court of Appeal, died at his home
here today on the eve of his 80th
birthday.
Ailing for several months, Plum
mer had been confined to his home
for six weeks preceding his death.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16 (UP). —
Associate Justice John A. Plum
mer, of the State Third District
Court of Appeal, died at his home
here today on the eve of his 80th
birthday.
Ailing for several months, Plum
mer had been confined to his home
for six weeks preceding his death.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16 (UP). —
Associate Justice John A. Plum
mer, of the State Third District
Court of Appeal, died at his home
here today on the eve of his 80th
birthday.
Ailing for several months, Plum
mer had been confined to his home
for six weeks preceding his death.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16 (UP). —
Associate Justice John A. Plum
mer, of the State Third District
Court of Appeal, died at his home
here today on the eve of his 80th
birthday.
Ailing for several months, Plum
mer had been confined to his home
for six weeks preceding his death.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16 (UP). —
Associate Justice John A. Plum
mer, of the State Third District
Court of Appeal, died at his home
here today on the eve of his 80th
birthday.
Ailing for several months, Plum
mer had been confined to his home
for six weeks preceding his death.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16 (UP). —
Associate Justice John A. Plum
mer, of the State Third District
Court of Appeal, died at his home
here today on the eve of his 80th
birthday.
Ailing for several months, Plum
mer had been confined to his home
for six weeks preceding his death.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16 (UP). —
Associate Justice John A. Plum
mer, of the State Third District
Court of Appeal, died at his home
here today on the eve of his 80th
birthday.
Ailing for several months, Plum
mer had been confined to his home
for six weeks preceding his death.
