# Science Seminar Given Graduates
## 
### 
"Current Research in the Chem
istry Department" will he explained
from two viewpoints this afternoon
when Dr. George S. Parks, associate
professor of chemistry, and Dr.
James M. Luck, associate professor
of biochemistry, speak to advanced
chemistry students in Room 20 of
the Chemistry Building at 4:10
o'clock.
While any interested student may
attend the seminar. Dr. Parks
stressed that the talks would bo
aimed at. first-year chemistry grad
uates, and a knowledge of chemistry
woultP be necessary to appreciate
them.
"Current Research in the Chem
istry Department" will he explained
from two viewpoints this afternoon
when Dr. George S. Parks, associate
professor of chemistry, and Dr.
James M. Luck, associate professor
of biochemistry, speak to advanced
chemistry students in Room 20 of
the Chemistry Building at 4:10
o'clock.
While any interested student may
attend the seminar. Dr. Parks
stressed that the talks would bo
aimed at. first-year chemistry grad
uates, and a knowledge of chemistry
woultP be necessary to appreciate
them.
"Current Research in the Chem
istry Department" will he explained
from two viewpoints this afternoon
when Dr. George S. Parks, associate
professor of chemistry, and Dr.
James M. Luck, associate professor
of biochemistry, speak to advanced
chemistry students in Room 20 of
the Chemistry Building at 4:10
o'clock.
While any interested student may
attend the seminar. Dr. Parks
stressed that the talks would bo
aimed at. first-year chemistry grad
uates, and a knowledge of chemistry
woultP be necessary to appreciate
them.
"Current Research in the Chem
istry Department" will he explained
from two viewpoints this afternoon
when Dr. George S. Parks, associate
professor of chemistry, and Dr.
James M. Luck, associate professor
of biochemistry, speak to advanced
chemistry students in Room 20 of
the Chemistry Building at 4:10
o'clock.
While any interested student may
attend the seminar. Dr. Parks
stressed that the talks would bo
aimed at. first-year chemistry grad
uates, and a knowledge of chemistry
woultP be necessary to appreciate
them.
"Current Research in the Chem
istry Department" will he explained
from two viewpoints this afternoon
when Dr. George S. Parks, associate
professor of chemistry, and Dr.
James M. Luck, associate professor
of biochemistry, speak to advanced
chemistry students in Room 20 of
the Chemistry Building at 4:10
o'clock.
While any interested student may
attend the seminar. Dr. Parks
stressed that the talks would bo
aimed at. first-year chemistry grad
uates, and a knowledge of chemistry
woultP be necessary to appreciate
them.
"Current Research in the Chem
istry Department" will he explained
from two viewpoints this afternoon
when Dr. George S. Parks, associate
professor of chemistry, and Dr.
James M. Luck, associate professor
of biochemistry, speak to advanced
chemistry students in Room 20 of
the Chemistry Building at 4:10
o'clock.
While any interested student may
attend the seminar. Dr. Parks
stressed that the talks would bo
aimed at. first-year chemistry grad
uates, and a knowledge of chemistry
woultP be necessary to appreciate
them.
"Current Research in the Chem
istry Department" will he explained
from two viewpoints this afternoon
when Dr. George S. Parks, associate
professor of chemistry, and Dr.
James M. Luck, associate professor
of biochemistry, speak to advanced
chemistry students in Room 20 of
the Chemistry Building at 4:10
o'clock.
While any interested student may
attend the seminar. Dr. Parks
stressed that the talks would bo
aimed at. first-year chemistry grad
uates, and a knowledge of chemistry
woultP be necessary to appreciate
them.
"Current Research in the Chem
istry Department" will he explained
from two viewpoints this afternoon
when Dr. George S. Parks, associate
professor of chemistry, and Dr.
James M. Luck, associate professor
of biochemistry, speak to advanced
chemistry students in Room 20 of
the Chemistry Building at 4:10
o'clock.
While any interested student may
attend the seminar. Dr. Parks
stressed that the talks would bo
aimed at. first-year chemistry grad
uates, and a knowledge of chemistry
woultP be necessary to appreciate
them.
"Current Research in the Chem
istry Department" will he explained
from two viewpoints this afternoon
when Dr. George S. Parks, associate
professor of chemistry, and Dr.
James M. Luck, associate professor
of biochemistry, speak to advanced
chemistry students in Room 20 of
the Chemistry Building at 4:10
o'clock.
While any interested student may
attend the seminar. Dr. Parks
stressed that the talks would bo
aimed at. first-year chemistry grad
uates, and a knowledge of chemistry
woultP be necessary to appreciate
them.
"Current Research in the Chem
istry Department" will he explained
from two viewpoints this afternoon
when Dr. George S. Parks, associate
professor of chemistry, and Dr.
James M. Luck, associate professor
of biochemistry, speak to advanced
chemistry students in Room 20 of
the Chemistry Building at 4:10
o'clock.
While any interested student may
attend the seminar. Dr. Parks
stressed that the talks would bo
aimed at. first-year chemistry grad
uates, and a knowledge of chemistry
woultP be necessary to appreciate
them.
"Current Research in the Chem
istry Department" will he explained
from two viewpoints this afternoon
when Dr. George S. Parks, associate
professor of chemistry, and Dr.
James M. Luck, associate professor
of biochemistry, speak to advanced
chemistry students in Room 20 of
the Chemistry Building at 4:10
o'clock.
While any interested student may
attend the seminar. Dr. Parks
stressed that the talks would bo
aimed at. first-year chemistry grad
uates, and a knowledge of chemistry
woultP be necessary to appreciate
them.
"Current Research in the Chem
istry Department" will he explained
from two viewpoints this afternoon
when Dr. George S. Parks, associate
professor of chemistry, and Dr.
James M. Luck, associate professor
of biochemistry, speak to advanced
chemistry students in Room 20 of
the Chemistry Building at 4:10
o'clock.
While any interested student may
attend the seminar. Dr. Parks
stressed that the talks would bo
aimed at. first-year chemistry grad
uates, and a knowledge of chemistry
woultP be necessary to appreciate
them.
"Current Research in the Chem
istry Department" will he explained
from two viewpoints this afternoon
when Dr. George S. Parks, associate
professor of chemistry, and Dr.
James M. Luck, associate professor
of biochemistry, speak to advanced
chemistry students in Room 20 of
the Chemistry Building at 4:10
o'clock.
While any interested student may
attend the seminar. Dr. Parks
stressed that the talks would bo
aimed at. first-year chemistry grad
uates, and a knowledge of chemistry
woultP be necessary to appreciate
them.
"Current Research in the Chem
istry Department" will he explained
from two viewpoints this afternoon
when Dr. George S. Parks, associate
professor of chemistry, and Dr.
James M. Luck, associate professor
of biochemistry, speak to advanced
chemistry students in Room 20 of
the Chemistry Building at 4:10
o'clock.
While any interested student may
attend the seminar. Dr. Parks
stressed that the talks would bo
aimed at. first-year chemistry grad
uates, and a knowledge of chemistry
woultP be necessary to appreciate
them.
"Current Research in the Chem
istry Department" will he explained
from two viewpoints this afternoon
when Dr. George S. Parks, associate
professor of chemistry, and Dr.
James M. Luck, associate professor
of biochemistry, speak to advanced
chemistry students in Room 20 of
the Chemistry Building at 4:10
o'clock.
While any interested student may
attend the seminar. Dr. Parks
stressed that the talks would bo
aimed at. first-year chemistry grad
uates, and a knowledge of chemistry
woultP be necessary to appreciate
them.
"Current Research in the Chem
istry Department" will he explained
from two viewpoints this afternoon
when Dr. George S. Parks, associate
professor of chemistry, and Dr.
James M. Luck, associate professor
of biochemistry, speak to advanced
chemistry students in Room 20 of
the Chemistry Building at 4:10
o'clock.
While any interested student may
attend the seminar. Dr. Parks
stressed that the talks would bo
aimed at. first-year chemistry grad
uates, and a knowledge of chemistry
woultP be necessary to appreciate
them.
