# Roble's Jolly-up To Be Wednesday
## 
### 
Lcs Smith's orchestra will play for
the Roblc Jolly-up to he held next
Wednesday, it was announced yes
terday by Barbara Gilbert, head of
the committee for the dance.
"Until all girls arc in, couples
will exchange to the right at the
end of each dance piece," she said.
A group of freshman girls will act
as hostesses at the beginning of the
dancc.
Patronesses will be: Mrs. Lcona
Dickema, Miss Frances Terrel, and
Miss Louise Powley. The jolly-up,
which is for all campus men, will
last from 7 to 8 o'clock in the Wom
en's Gym.
Lcs Smith's orchestra will play for
the Roblc Jolly-up to he held next
Wednesday, it was announced yes
terday by Barbara Gilbert, head of
the committee for the dance.
"Until all girls arc in, couples
will exchange to the right at the
end of each dance piece," she said.
A group of freshman girls will act
as hostesses at the beginning of the
dancc.
Patronesses will be: Mrs. Lcona
Dickema, Miss Frances Terrel, and
Miss Louise Powley. The jolly-up,
which is for all campus men, will
last from 7 to 8 o'clock in the Wom
en's Gym.
Lcs Smith's orchestra will play for
the Roblc Jolly-up to he held next
Wednesday, it was announced yes
terday by Barbara Gilbert, head of
the committee for the dance.
"Until all girls arc in, couples
will exchange to the right at the
end of each dance piece," she said.
A group of freshman girls will act
as hostesses at the beginning of the
dancc.
Patronesses will be: Mrs. Lcona
Dickema, Miss Frances Terrel, and
Miss Louise Powley. The jolly-up,
which is for all campus men, will
last from 7 to 8 o'clock in the Wom
en's Gym.
Lcs Smith's orchestra will play for
the Roblc Jolly-up to he held next
Wednesday, it was announced yes
terday by Barbara Gilbert, head of
the committee for the dance.
"Until all girls arc in, couples
will exchange to the right at the
end of each dance piece," she said.
A group of freshman girls will act
as hostesses at the beginning of the
dancc.
Patronesses will be: Mrs. Lcona
Dickema, Miss Frances Terrel, and
Miss Louise Powley. The jolly-up,
which is for all campus men, will
last from 7 to 8 o'clock in the Wom
en's Gym.
Lcs Smith's orchestra will play for
the Roblc Jolly-up to he held next
Wednesday, it was announced yes
terday by Barbara Gilbert, head of
the committee for the dance.
"Until all girls arc in, couples
will exchange to the right at the
end of each dance piece," she said.
A group of freshman girls will act
as hostesses at the beginning of the
dancc.
Patronesses will be: Mrs. Lcona
Dickema, Miss Frances Terrel, and
Miss Louise Powley. The jolly-up,
which is for all campus men, will
last from 7 to 8 o'clock in the Wom
en's Gym.
Lcs Smith's orchestra will play for
the Roblc Jolly-up to he held next
Wednesday, it was announced yes
terday by Barbara Gilbert, head of
the committee for the dance.
"Until all girls arc in, couples
will exchange to the right at the
end of each dance piece," she said.
A group of freshman girls will act
as hostesses at the beginning of the
dancc.
Patronesses will be: Mrs. Lcona
Dickema, Miss Frances Terrel, and
Miss Louise Powley. The jolly-up,
which is for all campus men, will
last from 7 to 8 o'clock in the Wom
en's Gym.
Lcs Smith's orchestra will play for
the Roblc Jolly-up to he held next
Wednesday, it was announced yes
terday by Barbara Gilbert, head of
the committee for the dance.
"Until all girls arc in, couples
will exchange to the right at the
end of each dance piece," she said.
A group of freshman girls will act
as hostesses at the beginning of the
dancc.
Patronesses will be: Mrs. Lcona
Dickema, Miss Frances Terrel, and
Miss Louise Powley. The jolly-up,
which is for all campus men, will
last from 7 to 8 o'clock in the Wom
en's Gym.
Lcs Smith's orchestra will play for
the Roblc Jolly-up to he held next
Wednesday, it was announced yes
terday by Barbara Gilbert, head of
the committee for the dance.
"Until all girls arc in, couples
will exchange to the right at the
end of each dance piece," she said.
A group of freshman girls will act
as hostesses at the beginning of the
dancc.
Patronesses will be: Mrs. Lcona
Dickema, Miss Frances Terrel, and
Miss Louise Powley. The jolly-up,
which is for all campus men, will
last from 7 to 8 o'clock in the Wom
en's Gym.
Lcs Smith's orchestra will play for
the Roblc Jolly-up to he held next
Wednesday, it was announced yes
terday by Barbara Gilbert, head of
the committee for the dance.
"Until all girls arc in, couples
will exchange to the right at the
end of each dance piece," she said.
A group of freshman girls will act
as hostesses at the beginning of the
dancc.
Patronesses will be: Mrs. Lcona
Dickema, Miss Frances Terrel, and
Miss Louise Powley. The jolly-up,
which is for all campus men, will
last from 7 to 8 o'clock in the Wom
en's Gym.
Lcs Smith's orchestra will play for
the Roblc Jolly-up to he held next
Wednesday, it was announced yes
terday by Barbara Gilbert, head of
the committee for the dance.
"Until all girls arc in, couples
will exchange to the right at the
end of each dance piece," she said.
A group of freshman girls will act
as hostesses at the beginning of the
dancc.
Patronesses will be: Mrs. Lcona
Dickema, Miss Frances Terrel, and
Miss Louise Powley. The jolly-up,
which is for all campus men, will
last from 7 to 8 o'clock in the Wom
en's Gym.
Lcs Smith's orchestra will play for
the Roblc Jolly-up to he held next
Wednesday, it was announced yes
terday by Barbara Gilbert, head of
the committee for the dance.
"Until all girls arc in, couples
will exchange to the right at the
end of each dance piece," she said.
A group of freshman girls will act
as hostesses at the beginning of the
dancc.
Patronesses will be: Mrs. Lcona
Dickema, Miss Frances Terrel, and
Miss Louise Powley. The jolly-up,
which is for all campus men, will
last from 7 to 8 o'clock in the Wom
en's Gym.
Lcs Smith's orchestra will play for
the Roblc Jolly-up to he held next
Wednesday, it was announced yes
terday by Barbara Gilbert, head of
the committee for the dance.
"Until all girls arc in, couples
will exchange to the right at the
end of each dance piece," she said.
A group of freshman girls will act
as hostesses at the beginning of the
dancc.
Patronesses will be: Mrs. Lcona
Dickema, Miss Frances Terrel, and
Miss Louise Powley. The jolly-up,
which is for all campus men, will
last from 7 to 8 o'clock in the Wom
en's Gym.
Lcs Smith's orchestra will play for
the Roblc Jolly-up to he held next
Wednesday, it was announced yes
terday by Barbara Gilbert, head of
the committee for the dance.
"Until all girls arc in, couples
will exchange to the right at the
end of each dance piece," she said.
A group of freshman girls will act
as hostesses at the beginning of the
dancc.
Patronesses will be: Mrs. Lcona
Dickema, Miss Frances Terrel, and
Miss Louise Powley. The jolly-up,
which is for all campus men, will
last from 7 to 8 o'clock in the Wom
en's Gym.
Lcs Smith's orchestra will play for
the Roblc Jolly-up to he held next
Wednesday, it was announced yes
terday by Barbara Gilbert, head of
the committee for the dance.
"Until all girls arc in, couples
will exchange to the right at the
end of each dance piece," she said.
A group of freshman girls will act
as hostesses at the beginning of the
dancc.
Patronesses will be: Mrs. Lcona
Dickema, Miss Frances Terrel, and
Miss Louise Powley. The jolly-up,
which is for all campus men, will
last from 7 to 8 o'clock in the Wom
en's Gym.
Lcs Smith's orchestra will play for
the Roblc Jolly-up to he held next
Wednesday, it was announced yes
terday by Barbara Gilbert, head of
the committee for the dance.
"Until all girls arc in, couples
will exchange to the right at the
end of each dance piece," she said.
A group of freshman girls will act
as hostesses at the beginning of the
dancc.
Patronesses will be: Mrs. Lcona
Dickema, Miss Frances Terrel, and
Miss Louise Powley. The jolly-up,
which is for all campus men, will
last from 7 to 8 o'clock in the Wom
en's Gym.
Lcs Smith's orchestra will play for
the Roblc Jolly-up to he held next
Wednesday, it was announced yes
terday by Barbara Gilbert, head of
the committee for the dance.
"Until all girls arc in, couples
will exchange to the right at the
end of each dance piece," she said.
A group of freshman girls will act
as hostesses at the beginning of the
dancc.
Patronesses will be: Mrs. Lcona
Dickema, Miss Frances Terrel, and
Miss Louise Powley. The jolly-up,
which is for all campus men, will
last from 7 to 8 o'clock in the Wom
en's Gym.
