# Intramural Parade...
## 
### 
TODAYS GAMES

Field I—4 o'clock: Phi Delta Phi
vs. Hramu'r; 5 o'clock: Delta I'p
silon vs. Enema 2W.
Field ll—4 o'clock: Kappa Sigma
vs. Theta Xi: 5 o'clock: Sigma
Chi vs. Oriole A.C.
Field 111—4 o'clock: Delta Kappa
Epsilon vs. Business School; 5
o'clock: Delta Chi vs. El Tigre.
TODAYS GAMES

Field I—4 o'clock: Phi Delta Phi
vs. Hramu'r; 5 o'clock: Delta I'p
silon vs. Enema 2W.
Field ll—4 o'clock: Kappa Sigma
vs. Theta Xi: 5 o'clock: Sigma
Chi vs. Oriole A.C.
Field 111—4 o'clock: Delta Kappa
Epsilon vs. Business School; 5
o'clock: Delta Chi vs. El Tigre.
TODAYS GAMES

Field I—4 o'clock: Phi Delta Phi
vs. Hramu'r; 5 o'clock: Delta I'p
silon vs. Enema 2W.
Field ll—4 o'clock: Kappa Sigma
vs. Theta Xi: 5 o'clock: Sigma
Chi vs. Oriole A.C.
Field 111—4 o'clock: Delta Kappa
Epsilon vs. Business School; 5
o'clock: Delta Chi vs. El Tigre.
TODAYS GAMES

Field I—4 o'clock: Phi Delta Phi
vs. Hramu'r; 5 o'clock: Delta I'p
silon vs. Enema 2W.
Field ll—4 o'clock: Kappa Sigma
vs. Theta Xi: 5 o'clock: Sigma
Chi vs. Oriole A.C.
Field 111—4 o'clock: Delta Kappa
Epsilon vs. Business School; 5
o'clock: Delta Chi vs. El Tigre.
TODAYS GAMES

Field I—4 o'clock: Phi Delta Phi
vs. Hramu'r; 5 o'clock: Delta I'p
silon vs. Enema 2W.
Field ll—4 o'clock: Kappa Sigma
vs. Theta Xi: 5 o'clock: Sigma
Chi vs. Oriole A.C.
Field 111—4 o'clock: Delta Kappa
Epsilon vs. Business School; 5
o'clock: Delta Chi vs. El Tigre.
TODAYS GAMES

Field I—4 o'clock: Phi Delta Phi
vs. Hramu'r; 5 o'clock: Delta I'p
silon vs. Enema 2W.
Field ll—4 o'clock: Kappa Sigma
vs. Theta Xi: 5 o'clock: Sigma
Chi vs. Oriole A.C.
Field 111—4 o'clock: Delta Kappa
Epsilon vs. Business School; 5
o'clock: Delta Chi vs. El Tigre.
TODAYS GAMES

Field I—4 o'clock: Phi Delta Phi
vs. Hramu'r; 5 o'clock: Delta I'p
silon vs. Enema 2W.
Field ll—4 o'clock: Kappa Sigma
vs. Theta Xi: 5 o'clock: Sigma
Chi vs. Oriole A.C.
Field 111—4 o'clock: Delta Kappa
Epsilon vs. Business School; 5
o'clock: Delta Chi vs. El Tigre.
TODAYS GAMES

Field I—4 o'clock: Phi Delta Phi
vs. Hramu'r; 5 o'clock: Delta I'p
silon vs. Enema 2W.
Field ll—4 o'clock: Kappa Sigma
vs. Theta Xi: 5 o'clock: Sigma
Chi vs. Oriole A.C.
Field 111—4 o'clock: Delta Kappa
Epsilon vs. Business School; 5
o'clock: Delta Chi vs. El Tigre.
TODAYS GAMES

Field I—4 o'clock: Phi Delta Phi
vs. Hramu'r; 5 o'clock: Delta I'p
silon vs. Enema 2W.
Field ll—4 o'clock: Kappa Sigma
vs. Theta Xi: 5 o'clock: Sigma
Chi vs. Oriole A.C.
Field 111—4 o'clock: Delta Kappa
Epsilon vs. Business School; 5
o'clock: Delta Chi vs. El Tigre.
TODAYS GAMES

Field I—4 o'clock: Phi Delta Phi
vs. Hramu'r; 5 o'clock: Delta I'p
silon vs. Enema 2W.
Field ll—4 o'clock: Kappa Sigma
vs. Theta Xi: 5 o'clock: Sigma
Chi vs. Oriole A.C.
Field 111—4 o'clock: Delta Kappa
Epsilon vs. Business School; 5
o'clock: Delta Chi vs. El Tigre.
TODAYS GAMES

Field I—4 o'clock: Phi Delta Phi
vs. Hramu'r; 5 o'clock: Delta I'p
silon vs. Enema 2W.
Field ll—4 o'clock: Kappa Sigma
vs. Theta Xi: 5 o'clock: Sigma
Chi vs. Oriole A.C.
Field 111—4 o'clock: Delta Kappa
Epsilon vs. Business School; 5
o'clock: Delta Chi vs. El Tigre.
TODAYS GAMES

Field I—4 o'clock: Phi Delta Phi
vs. Hramu'r; 5 o'clock: Delta I'p
silon vs. Enema 2W.
Field ll—4 o'clock: Kappa Sigma
vs. Theta Xi: 5 o'clock: Sigma
Chi vs. Oriole A.C.
Field 111—4 o'clock: Delta Kappa
Epsilon vs. Business School; 5
o'clock: Delta Chi vs. El Tigre.
TODAYS GAMES

Field I—4 o'clock: Phi Delta Phi
vs. Hramu'r; 5 o'clock: Delta I'p
silon vs. Enema 2W.
Field ll—4 o'clock: Kappa Sigma
vs. Theta Xi: 5 o'clock: Sigma
Chi vs. Oriole A.C.
Field 111—4 o'clock: Delta Kappa
Epsilon vs. Business School; 5
o'clock: Delta Chi vs. El Tigre.
TODAYS GAMES

Field I—4 o'clock: Phi Delta Phi
vs. Hramu'r; 5 o'clock: Delta I'p
silon vs. Enema 2W.
Field ll—4 o'clock: Kappa Sigma
vs. Theta Xi: 5 o'clock: Sigma
Chi vs. Oriole A.C.
Field 111—4 o'clock: Delta Kappa
Epsilon vs. Business School; 5
o'clock: Delta Chi vs. El Tigre.
TODAYS GAMES

Field I—4 o'clock: Phi Delta Phi
vs. Hramu'r; 5 o'clock: Delta I'p
silon vs. Enema 2W.
Field ll—4 o'clock: Kappa Sigma
vs. Theta Xi: 5 o'clock: Sigma
Chi vs. Oriole A.C.
Field 111—4 o'clock: Delta Kappa
Epsilon vs. Business School; 5
o'clock: Delta Chi vs. El Tigre.
TODAYS GAMES

Field I—4 o'clock: Phi Delta Phi
vs. Hramu'r; 5 o'clock: Delta I'p
silon vs. Enema 2W.
Field ll—4 o'clock: Kappa Sigma
vs. Theta Xi: 5 o'clock: Sigma
Chi vs. Oriole A.C.
Field 111—4 o'clock: Delta Kappa
Epsilon vs. Business School; 5
o'clock: Delta Chi vs. El Tigre.
