# Untitled Article
## 
### 

SUMMERTIME'S REPAIR TIME—Men and machine; rumble past the law dorm, Crothers Hall, in mad
competition with the weather and the local taverns for the honor of being the University's top study
hazard. When the men finish their tasks, deadline September 15, (Jalvez Street, past Enema Hall, is
expected to be as smooth a byway as the recently repaired street past the post office.

SUMMERTIME'S REPAIR TIME—Men and machine; rumble past the law dorm, Crothers Hall, in mad
competition with the weather and the local taverns for the honor of being the University's top study
hazard. When the men finish their tasks, deadline September 15, (Jalvez Street, past Enema Hall, is
expected to be as smooth a byway as the recently repaired street past the post office.

SUMMERTIME'S REPAIR TIME—Men and machine; rumble past the law dorm, Crothers Hall, in mad
competition with the weather and the local taverns for the honor of being the University's top study
hazard. When the men finish their tasks, deadline September 15, (Jalvez Street, past Enema Hall, is
expected to be as smooth a byway as the recently repaired street past the post office.

SUMMERTIME'S REPAIR TIME—Men and machine; rumble past the law dorm, Crothers Hall, in mad
competition with the weather and the local taverns for the honor of being the University's top study
hazard. When the men finish their tasks, deadline September 15, (Jalvez Street, past Enema Hall, is
expected to be as smooth a byway as the recently repaired street past the post office.

SUMMERTIME'S REPAIR TIME—Men and machine; rumble past the law dorm, Crothers Hall, in mad
competition with the weather and the local taverns for the honor of being the University's top study
hazard. When the men finish their tasks, deadline September 15, (Jalvez Street, past Enema Hall, is
expected to be as smooth a byway as the recently repaired street past the post office.

SUMMERTIME'S REPAIR TIME—Men and machine; rumble past the law dorm, Crothers Hall, in mad
competition with the weather and the local taverns for the honor of being the University's top study
hazard. When the men finish their tasks, deadline September 15, (Jalvez Street, past Enema Hall, is
expected to be as smooth a byway as the recently repaired street past the post office.

SUMMERTIME'S REPAIR TIME—Men and machine; rumble past the law dorm, Crothers Hall, in mad
competition with the weather and the local taverns for the honor of being the University's top study
hazard. When the men finish their tasks, deadline September 15, (Jalvez Street, past Enema Hall, is
expected to be as smooth a byway as the recently repaired street past the post office.

SUMMERTIME'S REPAIR TIME—Men and machine; rumble past the law dorm, Crothers Hall, in mad
competition with the weather and the local taverns for the honor of being the University's top study
hazard. When the men finish their tasks, deadline September 15, (Jalvez Street, past Enema Hall, is
expected to be as smooth a byway as the recently repaired street past the post office.

SUMMERTIME'S REPAIR TIME—Men and machine; rumble past the law dorm, Crothers Hall, in mad
competition with the weather and the local taverns for the honor of being the University's top study
hazard. When the men finish their tasks, deadline September 15, (Jalvez Street, past Enema Hall, is
expected to be as smooth a byway as the recently repaired street past the post office.

SUMMERTIME'S REPAIR TIME—Men and machine; rumble past the law dorm, Crothers Hall, in mad
competition with the weather and the local taverns for the honor of being the University's top study
hazard. When the men finish their tasks, deadline September 15, (Jalvez Street, past Enema Hall, is
expected to be as smooth a byway as the recently repaired street past the post office.

SUMMERTIME'S REPAIR TIME—Men and machine; rumble past the law dorm, Crothers Hall, in mad
competition with the weather and the local taverns for the honor of being the University's top study
hazard. When the men finish their tasks, deadline September 15, (Jalvez Street, past Enema Hall, is
expected to be as smooth a byway as the recently repaired street past the post office.

SUMMERTIME'S REPAIR TIME—Men and machine; rumble past the law dorm, Crothers Hall, in mad
competition with the weather and the local taverns for the honor of being the University's top study
hazard. When the men finish their tasks, deadline September 15, (Jalvez Street, past Enema Hall, is
expected to be as smooth a byway as the recently repaired street past the post office.

SUMMERTIME'S REPAIR TIME—Men and machine; rumble past the law dorm, Crothers Hall, in mad
competition with the weather and the local taverns for the honor of being the University's top study
hazard. When the men finish their tasks, deadline September 15, (Jalvez Street, past Enema Hall, is
expected to be as smooth a byway as the recently repaired street past the post office.

SUMMERTIME'S REPAIR TIME—Men and machine; rumble past the law dorm, Crothers Hall, in mad
competition with the weather and the local taverns for the honor of being the University's top study
hazard. When the men finish their tasks, deadline September 15, (Jalvez Street, past Enema Hall, is
expected to be as smooth a byway as the recently repaired street past the post office.
