# Controversial Play to Open This Weekend
## 
### 
"Dorothy," an original play by
Warner Law of Woodside, will be
presented at the Palo Alto Com
munity Center Thursday, Friday,
and Saturday by the Hillbarn Sum
mer Theater under the direction of
Robert Brauns as part of the culmi
nation of the season for the Drama
tists' Alliance and the Peninsula
Drama Festival.
"Dorothy," a strong contender for
the Dramatists' Alliance Miles An
derson Award, deals with a contro
versial subject. It concerns dissen
sion in a family and a small town
resulting from a plain housewife's
effort to champion the cause of a
Japanese farmer wrongfully ac
cused of murder.
Hillbarn Summer T'heater has as
sembled a cast whose faces will be
familiar to Palo Alto audiences from
previous guest appearances. Eliza
beth Hardy Petty will play the title
role; Robert Brauns, director, also
appears in the play as a famous San
Francisco lawyer; and Mary Ann
Stewart plays Dorothy's daughter.
The cast is completed by Bernice
Barnett, Frank Steele, Harold Rey
nolds, Jack Hayes, Yoshiko Hoshi,
Rodger Shorter, Joseph Plott, and
Virginia Lillock.

For information about tickets for
"Dorothy," "Furnace of the World,"
and the events of Assembly Day,
address "Dramatists' Alliance," Box
200Z, Stanford, California.
"Dorothy," an original play by
Warner Law of Woodside, will be
presented at the Palo Alto Com
munity Center Thursday, Friday,
and Saturday by the Hillbarn Sum
mer Theater under the direction of
Robert Brauns as part of the culmi
nation of the season for the Drama
tists' Alliance and the Peninsula
Drama Festival.
"Dorothy," a strong contender for
the Dramatists' Alliance Miles An
derson Award, deals with a contro
versial subject. It concerns dissen
sion in a family and a small town
resulting from a plain housewife's
effort to champion the cause of a
Japanese farmer wrongfully ac
cused of murder.
Hillbarn Summer T'heater has as
sembled a cast whose faces will be
familiar to Palo Alto audiences from
previous guest appearances. Eliza
beth Hardy Petty will play the title
role; Robert Brauns, director, also
appears in the play as a famous San
Francisco lawyer; and Mary Ann
Stewart plays Dorothy's daughter.
The cast is completed by Bernice
Barnett, Frank Steele, Harold Rey
nolds, Jack Hayes, Yoshiko Hoshi,
Rodger Shorter, Joseph Plott, and
Virginia Lillock.

For information about tickets for
"Dorothy," "Furnace of the World,"
and the events of Assembly Day,
address "Dramatists' Alliance," Box
200Z, Stanford, California.
"Dorothy," an original play by
Warner Law of Woodside, will be
presented at the Palo Alto Com
munity Center Thursday, Friday,
and Saturday by the Hillbarn Sum
mer Theater under the direction of
Robert Brauns as part of the culmi
nation of the season for the Drama
tists' Alliance and the Peninsula
Drama Festival.
"Dorothy," a strong contender for
the Dramatists' Alliance Miles An
derson Award, deals with a contro
versial subject. It concerns dissen
sion in a family and a small town
resulting from a plain housewife's
effort to champion the cause of a
Japanese farmer wrongfully ac
cused of murder.
Hillbarn Summer T'heater has as
sembled a cast whose faces will be
familiar to Palo Alto audiences from
previous guest appearances. Eliza
beth Hardy Petty will play the title
role; Robert Brauns, director, also
appears in the play as a famous San
Francisco lawyer; and Mary Ann
Stewart plays Dorothy's daughter.
The cast is completed by Bernice
Barnett, Frank Steele, Harold Rey
nolds, Jack Hayes, Yoshiko Hoshi,
Rodger Shorter, Joseph Plott, and
Virginia Lillock.

For information about tickets for
"Dorothy," "Furnace of the World,"
and the events of Assembly Day,
address "Dramatists' Alliance," Box
200Z, Stanford, California.
"Dorothy," an original play by
Warner Law of Woodside, will be
presented at the Palo Alto Com
munity Center Thursday, Friday,
and Saturday by the Hillbarn Sum
mer Theater under the direction of
Robert Brauns as part of the culmi
nation of the season for the Drama
tists' Alliance and the Peninsula
Drama Festival.
"Dorothy," a strong contender for
the Dramatists' Alliance Miles An
derson Award, deals with a contro
versial subject. It concerns dissen
sion in a family and a small town
resulting from a plain housewife's
effort to champion the cause of a
Japanese farmer wrongfully ac
cused of murder.
Hillbarn Summer T'heater has as
sembled a cast whose faces will be
familiar to Palo Alto audiences from
previous guest appearances. Eliza
beth Hardy Petty will play the title
role; Robert Brauns, director, also
appears in the play as a famous San
Francisco lawyer; and Mary Ann
Stewart plays Dorothy's daughter.
The cast is completed by Bernice
Barnett, Frank Steele, Harold Rey
nolds, Jack Hayes, Yoshiko Hoshi,
Rodger Shorter, Joseph Plott, and
Virginia Lillock.

For information about tickets for
"Dorothy," "Furnace of the World,"
and the events of Assembly Day,
address "Dramatists' Alliance," Box
200Z, Stanford, California.
"Dorothy," an original play by
Warner Law of Woodside, will be
presented at the Palo Alto Com
munity Center Thursday, Friday,
and Saturday by the Hillbarn Sum
mer Theater under the direction of
Robert Brauns as part of the culmi
nation of the season for the Drama
tists' Alliance and the Peninsula
Drama Festival.
"Dorothy," a strong contender for
the Dramatists' Alliance Miles An
derson Award, deals with a contro
versial subject. It concerns dissen
sion in a family and a small town
resulting from a plain housewife's
effort to champion the cause of a
Japanese farmer wrongfully ac
cused of murder.
Hillbarn Summer T'heater has as
sembled a cast whose faces will be
familiar to Palo Alto audiences from
previous guest appearances. Eliza
beth Hardy Petty will play the title
role; Robert Brauns, director, also
appears in the play as a famous San
Francisco lawyer; and Mary Ann
Stewart plays Dorothy's daughter.
The cast is completed by Bernice
Barnett, Frank Steele, Harold Rey
nolds, Jack Hayes, Yoshiko Hoshi,
Rodger Shorter, Joseph Plott, and
Virginia Lillock.

For information about tickets for
"Dorothy," "Furnace of the World,"
and the events of Assembly Day,
address "Dramatists' Alliance," Box
200Z, Stanford, California.
"Dorothy," an original play by
Warner Law of Woodside, will be
presented at the Palo Alto Com
munity Center Thursday, Friday,
and Saturday by the Hillbarn Sum
mer Theater under the direction of
Robert Brauns as part of the culmi
nation of the season for the Drama
tists' Alliance and the Peninsula
Drama Festival.
"Dorothy," a strong contender for
the Dramatists' Alliance Miles An
derson Award, deals with a contro
versial subject. It concerns dissen
sion in a family and a small town
resulting from a plain housewife's
effort to champion the cause of a
Japanese farmer wrongfully ac
cused of murder.
Hillbarn Summer T'heater has as
sembled a cast whose faces will be
familiar to Palo Alto audiences from
previous guest appearances. Eliza
beth Hardy Petty will play the title
role; Robert Brauns, director, also
appears in the play as a famous San
Francisco lawyer; and Mary Ann
Stewart plays Dorothy's daughter.
The cast is completed by Bernice
Barnett, Frank Steele, Harold Rey
nolds, Jack Hayes, Yoshiko Hoshi,
Rodger Shorter, Joseph Plott, and
Virginia Lillock.

For information about tickets for
"Dorothy," "Furnace of the World,"
and the events of Assembly Day,
address "Dramatists' Alliance," Box
200Z, Stanford, California.
"Dorothy," an original play by
Warner Law of Woodside, will be
presented at the Palo Alto Com
munity Center Thursday, Friday,
and Saturday by the Hillbarn Sum
mer Theater under the direction of
Robert Brauns as part of the culmi
nation of the season for the Drama
tists' Alliance and the Peninsula
Drama Festival.
"Dorothy," a strong contender for
the Dramatists' Alliance Miles An
derson Award, deals with a contro
versial subject. It concerns dissen
sion in a family and a small town
resulting from a plain housewife's
effort to champion the cause of a
Japanese farmer wrongfully ac
cused of murder.
Hillbarn Summer T'heater has as
sembled a cast whose faces will be
familiar to Palo Alto audiences from
previous guest appearances. Eliza
beth Hardy Petty will play the title
role; Robert Brauns, director, also
appears in the play as a famous San
Francisco lawyer; and Mary Ann
Stewart plays Dorothy's daughter.
The cast is completed by Bernice
Barnett, Frank Steele, Harold Rey
nolds, Jack Hayes, Yoshiko Hoshi,
Rodger Shorter, Joseph Plott, and
Virginia Lillock.

For information about tickets for
"Dorothy," "Furnace of the World,"
and the events of Assembly Day,
address "Dramatists' Alliance," Box
200Z, Stanford, California.
"Dorothy," an original play by
Warner Law of Woodside, will be
presented at the Palo Alto Com
munity Center Thursday, Friday,
and Saturday by the Hillbarn Sum
mer Theater under the direction of
Robert Brauns as part of the culmi
nation of the season for the Drama
tists' Alliance and the Peninsula
Drama Festival.
"Dorothy," a strong contender for
the Dramatists' Alliance Miles An
derson Award, deals with a contro
versial subject. It concerns dissen
sion in a family and a small town
resulting from a plain housewife's
effort to champion the cause of a
Japanese farmer wrongfully ac
cused of murder.
Hillbarn Summer T'heater has as
sembled a cast whose faces will be
familiar to Palo Alto audiences from
previous guest appearances. Eliza
beth Hardy Petty will play the title
role; Robert Brauns, director, also
appears in the play as a famous San
Francisco lawyer; and Mary Ann
Stewart plays Dorothy's daughter.
The cast is completed by Bernice
Barnett, Frank Steele, Harold Rey
nolds, Jack Hayes, Yoshiko Hoshi,
Rodger Shorter, Joseph Plott, and
Virginia Lillock.

For information about tickets for
"Dorothy," "Furnace of the World,"
and the events of Assembly Day,
address "Dramatists' Alliance," Box
200Z, Stanford, California.
"Dorothy," an original play by
Warner Law of Woodside, will be
presented at the Palo Alto Com
munity Center Thursday, Friday,
and Saturday by the Hillbarn Sum
mer Theater under the direction of
Robert Brauns as part of the culmi
nation of the season for the Drama
tists' Alliance and the Peninsula
Drama Festival.
"Dorothy," a strong contender for
the Dramatists' Alliance Miles An
derson Award, deals with a contro
versial subject. It concerns dissen
sion in a family and a small town
resulting from a plain housewife's
effort to champion the cause of a
Japanese farmer wrongfully ac
cused of murder.
Hillbarn Summer T'heater has as
sembled a cast whose faces will be
familiar to Palo Alto audiences from
previous guest appearances. Eliza
beth Hardy Petty will play the title
role; Robert Brauns, director, also
appears in the play as a famous San
Francisco lawyer; and Mary Ann
Stewart plays Dorothy's daughter.
The cast is completed by Bernice
Barnett, Frank Steele, Harold Rey
nolds, Jack Hayes, Yoshiko Hoshi,
Rodger Shorter, Joseph Plott, and
Virginia Lillock.

For information about tickets for
"Dorothy," "Furnace of the World,"
and the events of Assembly Day,
address "Dramatists' Alliance," Box
200Z, Stanford, California.
"Dorothy," an original play by
Warner Law of Woodside, will be
presented at the Palo Alto Com
munity Center Thursday, Friday,
and Saturday by the Hillbarn Sum
mer Theater under the direction of
Robert Brauns as part of the culmi
nation of the season for the Drama
tists' Alliance and the Peninsula
Drama Festival.
"Dorothy," a strong contender for
the Dramatists' Alliance Miles An
derson Award, deals with a contro
versial subject. It concerns dissen
sion in a family and a small town
resulting from a plain housewife's
effort to champion the cause of a
Japanese farmer wrongfully ac
cused of murder.
Hillbarn Summer T'heater has as
sembled a cast whose faces will be
familiar to Palo Alto audiences from
previous guest appearances. Eliza
beth Hardy Petty will play the title
role; Robert Brauns, director, also
appears in the play as a famous San
Francisco lawyer; and Mary Ann
Stewart plays Dorothy's daughter.
The cast is completed by Bernice
Barnett, Frank Steele, Harold Rey
nolds, Jack Hayes, Yoshiko Hoshi,
Rodger Shorter, Joseph Plott, and
Virginia Lillock.

For information about tickets for
"Dorothy," "Furnace of the World,"
and the events of Assembly Day,
address "Dramatists' Alliance," Box
200Z, Stanford, California.
"Dorothy," an original play by
Warner Law of Woodside, will be
presented at the Palo Alto Com
munity Center Thursday, Friday,
and Saturday by the Hillbarn Sum
mer Theater under the direction of
Robert Brauns as part of the culmi
nation of the season for the Drama
tists' Alliance and the Peninsula
Drama Festival.
"Dorothy," a strong contender for
the Dramatists' Alliance Miles An
derson Award, deals with a contro
versial subject. It concerns dissen
sion in a family and a small town
resulting from a plain housewife's
effort to champion the cause of a
Japanese farmer wrongfully ac
cused of murder.
Hillbarn Summer T'heater has as
sembled a cast whose faces will be
familiar to Palo Alto audiences from
previous guest appearances. Eliza
beth Hardy Petty will play the title
role; Robert Brauns, director, also
appears in the play as a famous San
Francisco lawyer; and Mary Ann
Stewart plays Dorothy's daughter.
The cast is completed by Bernice
Barnett, Frank Steele, Harold Rey
nolds, Jack Hayes, Yoshiko Hoshi,
Rodger Shorter, Joseph Plott, and
Virginia Lillock.

For information about tickets for
"Dorothy," "Furnace of the World,"
and the events of Assembly Day,
address "Dramatists' Alliance," Box
200Z, Stanford, California.
"Dorothy," an original play by
Warner Law of Woodside, will be
presented at the Palo Alto Com
munity Center Thursday, Friday,
and Saturday by the Hillbarn Sum
mer Theater under the direction of
Robert Brauns as part of the culmi
nation of the season for the Drama
tists' Alliance and the Peninsula
Drama Festival.
"Dorothy," a strong contender for
the Dramatists' Alliance Miles An
derson Award, deals with a contro
versial subject. It concerns dissen
sion in a family and a small town
resulting from a plain housewife's
effort to champion the cause of a
Japanese farmer wrongfully ac
cused of murder.
Hillbarn Summer T'heater has as
sembled a cast whose faces will be
familiar to Palo Alto audiences from
previous guest appearances. Eliza
beth Hardy Petty will play the title
role; Robert Brauns, director, also
appears in the play as a famous San
Francisco lawyer; and Mary Ann
Stewart plays Dorothy's daughter.
The cast is completed by Bernice
Barnett, Frank Steele, Harold Rey
nolds, Jack Hayes, Yoshiko Hoshi,
Rodger Shorter, Joseph Plott, and
Virginia Lillock.

For information about tickets for
"Dorothy," "Furnace of the World,"
and the events of Assembly Day,
address "Dramatists' Alliance," Box
200Z, Stanford, California.
"Dorothy," an original play by
Warner Law of Woodside, will be
presented at the Palo Alto Com
munity Center Thursday, Friday,
and Saturday by the Hillbarn Sum
mer Theater under the direction of
Robert Brauns as part of the culmi
nation of the season for the Drama
tists' Alliance and the Peninsula
Drama Festival.
"Dorothy," a strong contender for
the Dramatists' Alliance Miles An
derson Award, deals with a contro
versial subject. It concerns dissen
sion in a family and a small town
resulting from a plain housewife's
effort to champion the cause of a
Japanese farmer wrongfully ac
cused of murder.
Hillbarn Summer T'heater has as
sembled a cast whose faces will be
familiar to Palo Alto audiences from
previous guest appearances. Eliza
beth Hardy Petty will play the title
role; Robert Brauns, director, also
appears in the play as a famous San
Francisco lawyer; and Mary Ann
Stewart plays Dorothy's daughter.
The cast is completed by Bernice
Barnett, Frank Steele, Harold Rey
nolds, Jack Hayes, Yoshiko Hoshi,
Rodger Shorter, Joseph Plott, and
Virginia Lillock.

For information about tickets for
"Dorothy," "Furnace of the World,"
and the events of Assembly Day,
address "Dramatists' Alliance," Box
200Z, Stanford, California.
"Dorothy," an original play by
Warner Law of Woodside, will be
presented at the Palo Alto Com
munity Center Thursday, Friday,
and Saturday by the Hillbarn Sum
mer Theater under the direction of
Robert Brauns as part of the culmi
nation of the season for the Drama
tists' Alliance and the Peninsula
Drama Festival.
"Dorothy," a strong contender for
the Dramatists' Alliance Miles An
derson Award, deals with a contro
versial subject. It concerns dissen
sion in a family and a small town
resulting from a plain housewife's
effort to champion the cause of a
Japanese farmer wrongfully ac
cused of murder.
Hillbarn Summer T'heater has as
sembled a cast whose faces will be
familiar to Palo Alto audiences from
previous guest appearances. Eliza
beth Hardy Petty will play the title
role; Robert Brauns, director, also
appears in the play as a famous San
Francisco lawyer; and Mary Ann
Stewart plays Dorothy's daughter.
The cast is completed by Bernice
Barnett, Frank Steele, Harold Rey
nolds, Jack Hayes, Yoshiko Hoshi,
Rodger Shorter, Joseph Plott, and
Virginia Lillock.

For information about tickets for
"Dorothy," "Furnace of the World,"
and the events of Assembly Day,
address "Dramatists' Alliance," Box
200Z, Stanford, California.
