# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The deaths that have resulted in
the last few days from typhoid
should not be construed so as to
mislead the public. The fact that
three cases have resulted fatally
when the epidemic is believed to be
checked must not be regarded as a
turn for the worse. These Ihree
students were among the first
stricken with the fever and their
cases were made the more serious
because proper precautions were not
taken and no alarm felt at first.
They were among the sickest per
sons from the beginning of the epi
demic. As pointed out in the
faculty notice printed in another
column, the coming week will be
full of danger for those now sick,
but this in no way affects the
general situation. There is a tone
of great improvement in the pres
ent condition of the trouble, and no
alarm should be felt by the stu
dents.
