# Executive Committee Meets.
## 
### 
The Executive Committee of the
Associated Students met in regular
session last night. After the trans
action of the usual routine busi
ness the matter of the selection of
an assistant yell leader was taken
up. As E. A. Cnnha, '06, is the
only man now trying out for the
place, lie was unanimously elected
to assist M. H. Thorpe, '05, in di
recting the rooting.
The Executive Committee of the
Associated Students met in regular
session last night. After the trans
action of the usual routine busi
ness the matter of the selection of
an assistant yell leader was taken
up. As E. A. Cnnha, '06, is the
only man now trying out for the
place, lie was unanimously elected
to assist M. H. Thorpe, '05, in di
recting the rooting.
The Executive Committee of the
Associated Students met in regular
session last night. After the trans
action of the usual routine busi
ness the matter of the selection of
an assistant yell leader was taken
up. As E. A. Cnnha, '06, is the
only man now trying out for the
place, lie was unanimously elected
to assist M. H. Thorpe, '05, in di
recting the rooting.
The Executive Committee of the
Associated Students met in regular
session last night. After the trans
action of the usual routine busi
ness the matter of the selection of
an assistant yell leader was taken
up. As E. A. Cnnha, '06, is the
only man now trying out for the
place, lie was unanimously elected
to assist M. H. Thorpe, '05, in di
recting the rooting.
The Executive Committee of the
Associated Students met in regular
session last night. After the trans
action of the usual routine busi
ness the matter of the selection of
an assistant yell leader was taken
up. As E. A. Cnnha, '06, is the
only man now trying out for the
place, lie was unanimously elected
to assist M. H. Thorpe, '05, in di
recting the rooting.
The Executive Committee of the
Associated Students met in regular
session last night. After the trans
action of the usual routine busi
ness the matter of the selection of
an assistant yell leader was taken
up. As E. A. Cnnha, '06, is the
only man now trying out for the
place, lie was unanimously elected
to assist M. H. Thorpe, '05, in di
recting the rooting.
The Executive Committee of the
Associated Students met in regular
session last night. After the trans
action of the usual routine busi
ness the matter of the selection of
an assistant yell leader was taken
up. As E. A. Cnnha, '06, is the
only man now trying out for the
place, lie was unanimously elected
to assist M. H. Thorpe, '05, in di
recting the rooting.
The Executive Committee of the
Associated Students met in regular
session last night. After the trans
action of the usual routine busi
ness the matter of the selection of
an assistant yell leader was taken
up. As E. A. Cnnha, '06, is the
only man now trying out for the
place, lie was unanimously elected
to assist M. H. Thorpe, '05, in di
recting the rooting.
