# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Sorority racing is indulged in at the
University of Minnesota. The contest
takes the form of a Hare and Hound
paper chase and each sorority is al
lowed to enter three men bearing their
colors.
Sorority racing is indulged in at the
University of Minnesota. The contest
takes the form of a Hare and Hound
paper chase and each sorority is al
lowed to enter three men bearing their
colors.
Sorority racing is indulged in at the
University of Minnesota. The contest
takes the form of a Hare and Hound
paper chase and each sorority is al
lowed to enter three men bearing their
colors.
Sorority racing is indulged in at the
University of Minnesota. The contest
takes the form of a Hare and Hound
paper chase and each sorority is al
lowed to enter three men bearing their
colors.
Sorority racing is indulged in at the
University of Minnesota. The contest
takes the form of a Hare and Hound
paper chase and each sorority is al
lowed to enter three men bearing their
colors.
Sorority racing is indulged in at the
University of Minnesota. The contest
takes the form of a Hare and Hound
paper chase and each sorority is al
lowed to enter three men bearing their
colors.
Sorority racing is indulged in at the
University of Minnesota. The contest
takes the form of a Hare and Hound
paper chase and each sorority is al
lowed to enter three men bearing their
colors.
Sorority racing is indulged in at the
University of Minnesota. The contest
takes the form of a Hare and Hound
paper chase and each sorority is al
lowed to enter three men bearing their
colors.
Sorority racing is indulged in at the
University of Minnesota. The contest
takes the form of a Hare and Hound
paper chase and each sorority is al
lowed to enter three men bearing their
colors.
Sorority racing is indulged in at the
University of Minnesota. The contest
takes the form of a Hare and Hound
paper chase and each sorority is al
lowed to enter three men bearing their
colors.
Sorority racing is indulged in at the
University of Minnesota. The contest
takes the form of a Hare and Hound
paper chase and each sorority is al
lowed to enter three men bearing their
colors.
Sorority racing is indulged in at the
University of Minnesota. The contest
takes the form of a Hare and Hound
paper chase and each sorority is al
lowed to enter three men bearing their
colors.
Sorority racing is indulged in at the
University of Minnesota. The contest
takes the form of a Hare and Hound
paper chase and each sorority is al
lowed to enter three men bearing their
colors.
