# Krehbiel Will Discuss Balkan War.
## 
### 
The present situation in the Balkans
will be explained by Professor E. B.
Krehbiel, of the History department,
before the Women's League meeting at
Roble, Thursday.
The afternoon lecture has been ar
ranged under the auspices of the Wo
men's Civic League in order that all
may have the opportunity of hearing
the interesting version of this vital
subject of current events.
The present situation in the Balkans
will be explained by Professor E. B.
Krehbiel, of the History department,
before the Women's League meeting at
Roble, Thursday.
The afternoon lecture has been ar
ranged under the auspices of the Wo
men's Civic League in order that all
may have the opportunity of hearing
the interesting version of this vital
subject of current events.
The present situation in the Balkans
will be explained by Professor E. B.
Krehbiel, of the History department,
before the Women's League meeting at
Roble, Thursday.
The afternoon lecture has been ar
ranged under the auspices of the Wo
men's Civic League in order that all
may have the opportunity of hearing
the interesting version of this vital
subject of current events.
The present situation in the Balkans
will be explained by Professor E. B.
Krehbiel, of the History department,
before the Women's League meeting at
Roble, Thursday.
The afternoon lecture has been ar
ranged under the auspices of the Wo
men's Civic League in order that all
may have the opportunity of hearing
the interesting version of this vital
subject of current events.
The present situation in the Balkans
will be explained by Professor E. B.
Krehbiel, of the History department,
before the Women's League meeting at
Roble, Thursday.
The afternoon lecture has been ar
ranged under the auspices of the Wo
men's Civic League in order that all
may have the opportunity of hearing
the interesting version of this vital
subject of current events.
The present situation in the Balkans
will be explained by Professor E. B.
Krehbiel, of the History department,
before the Women's League meeting at
Roble, Thursday.
The afternoon lecture has been ar
ranged under the auspices of the Wo
men's Civic League in order that all
may have the opportunity of hearing
the interesting version of this vital
subject of current events.
The present situation in the Balkans
will be explained by Professor E. B.
Krehbiel, of the History department,
before the Women's League meeting at
Roble, Thursday.
The afternoon lecture has been ar
ranged under the auspices of the Wo
men's Civic League in order that all
may have the opportunity of hearing
the interesting version of this vital
subject of current events.
The present situation in the Balkans
will be explained by Professor E. B.
Krehbiel, of the History department,
before the Women's League meeting at
Roble, Thursday.
The afternoon lecture has been ar
ranged under the auspices of the Wo
men's Civic League in order that all
may have the opportunity of hearing
the interesting version of this vital
subject of current events.
The present situation in the Balkans
will be explained by Professor E. B.
Krehbiel, of the History department,
before the Women's League meeting at
Roble, Thursday.
The afternoon lecture has been ar
ranged under the auspices of the Wo
men's Civic League in order that all
may have the opportunity of hearing
the interesting version of this vital
subject of current events.
The present situation in the Balkans
will be explained by Professor E. B.
Krehbiel, of the History department,
before the Women's League meeting at
Roble, Thursday.
The afternoon lecture has been ar
ranged under the auspices of the Wo
men's Civic League in order that all
may have the opportunity of hearing
the interesting version of this vital
subject of current events.
The present situation in the Balkans
will be explained by Professor E. B.
Krehbiel, of the History department,
before the Women's League meeting at
Roble, Thursday.
The afternoon lecture has been ar
ranged under the auspices of the Wo
men's Civic League in order that all
may have the opportunity of hearing
the interesting version of this vital
subject of current events.
The present situation in the Balkans
will be explained by Professor E. B.
Krehbiel, of the History department,
before the Women's League meeting at
Roble, Thursday.
The afternoon lecture has been ar
ranged under the auspices of the Wo
men's Civic League in order that all
may have the opportunity of hearing
the interesting version of this vital
subject of current events.
The present situation in the Balkans
will be explained by Professor E. B.
Krehbiel, of the History department,
before the Women's League meeting at
Roble, Thursday.
The afternoon lecture has been ar
ranged under the auspices of the Wo
men's Civic League in order that all
may have the opportunity of hearing
the interesting version of this vital
subject of current events.
