# Campus Opinion
## 
### 
The Editor:
I would like to propose a solution to the :
lockout situation that has so many of us bound
to our hovels over the week-end party-time. !
Since the die-hards of the University cannot \
understand there is no longer any need for j
l:3o's, due to the passing of the tremendous '
fear we once experienced from the air-raids,
I propose we compromise with our guardian
angels.
Why not allow 2:3o's to be taken when a big
night in the city has been planned and I:3o's
to stand when a visit to P.A. or surrounding |
metropolises is the procedure for the evening?
Since there is really nothing respectable to do
after 12:00 in such villages, I think we could
strain ourselves to be in at the 1:30 mark; but
after having to get up and leave San Francisco
right in the middle of a roller-coasler ride, I
feel a revision of the lockout system is needed.
With our present code of honor, I am confi- ;
dent that such a compromise between students j
and angels would be the solution to our prob- j
lcm. Respectively submitted,
Janice Shaughnessy
The Editor:
I would like to propose a solution to the :
lockout situation that has so many of us bound
to our hovels over the week-end party-time. !
Since the die-hards of the University cannot \
understand there is no longer any need for j
l:3o's, due to the passing of the tremendous '
fear we once experienced from the air-raids,
I propose we compromise with our guardian
angels.
Why not allow 2:3o's to be taken when a big
night in the city has been planned and I:3o's
to stand when a visit to P.A. or surrounding |
metropolises is the procedure for the evening?
Since there is really nothing respectable to do
after 12:00 in such villages, I think we could
strain ourselves to be in at the 1:30 mark; but
after having to get up and leave San Francisco
right in the middle of a roller-coasler ride, I
feel a revision of the lockout system is needed.
With our present code of honor, I am confi- ;
dent that such a compromise between students j
and angels would be the solution to our prob- j
lcm. Respectively submitted,
Janice Shaughnessy
The Editor:
I would like to propose a solution to the :
lockout situation that has so many of us bound
to our hovels over the week-end party-time. !
Since the die-hards of the University cannot \
understand there is no longer any need for j
l:3o's, due to the passing of the tremendous '
fear we once experienced from the air-raids,
I propose we compromise with our guardian
angels.
Why not allow 2:3o's to be taken when a big
night in the city has been planned and I:3o's
to stand when a visit to P.A. or surrounding |
metropolises is the procedure for the evening?
Since there is really nothing respectable to do
after 12:00 in such villages, I think we could
strain ourselves to be in at the 1:30 mark; but
after having to get up and leave San Francisco
right in the middle of a roller-coasler ride, I
feel a revision of the lockout system is needed.
With our present code of honor, I am confi- ;
dent that such a compromise between students j
and angels would be the solution to our prob- j
lcm. Respectively submitted,
Janice Shaughnessy
The Editor:
I would like to propose a solution to the :
lockout situation that has so many of us bound
to our hovels over the week-end party-time. !
Since the die-hards of the University cannot \
understand there is no longer any need for j
l:3o's, due to the passing of the tremendous '
fear we once experienced from the air-raids,
I propose we compromise with our guardian
angels.
Why not allow 2:3o's to be taken when a big
night in the city has been planned and I:3o's
to stand when a visit to P.A. or surrounding |
metropolises is the procedure for the evening?
Since there is really nothing respectable to do
after 12:00 in such villages, I think we could
strain ourselves to be in at the 1:30 mark; but
after having to get up and leave San Francisco
right in the middle of a roller-coasler ride, I
feel a revision of the lockout system is needed.
With our present code of honor, I am confi- ;
dent that such a compromise between students j
and angels would be the solution to our prob- j
lcm. Respectively submitted,
Janice Shaughnessy
The Editor:
I would like to propose a solution to the :
lockout situation that has so many of us bound
to our hovels over the week-end party-time. !
Since the die-hards of the University cannot \
understand there is no longer any need for j
l:3o's, due to the passing of the tremendous '
fear we once experienced from the air-raids,
I propose we compromise with our guardian
angels.
Why not allow 2:3o's to be taken when a big
night in the city has been planned and I:3o's
to stand when a visit to P.A. or surrounding |
metropolises is the procedure for the evening?
Since there is really nothing respectable to do
after 12:00 in such villages, I think we could
strain ourselves to be in at the 1:30 mark; but
after having to get up and leave San Francisco
right in the middle of a roller-coasler ride, I
feel a revision of the lockout system is needed.
With our present code of honor, I am confi- ;
dent that such a compromise between students j
and angels would be the solution to our prob- j
lcm. Respectively submitted,
Janice Shaughnessy
The Editor:
I would like to propose a solution to the :
lockout situation that has so many of us bound
to our hovels over the week-end party-time. !
Since the die-hards of the University cannot \
understand there is no longer any need for j
l:3o's, due to the passing of the tremendous '
fear we once experienced from the air-raids,
I propose we compromise with our guardian
angels.
Why not allow 2:3o's to be taken when a big
night in the city has been planned and I:3o's
to stand when a visit to P.A. or surrounding |
metropolises is the procedure for the evening?
Since there is really nothing respectable to do
after 12:00 in such villages, I think we could
strain ourselves to be in at the 1:30 mark; but
after having to get up and leave San Francisco
right in the middle of a roller-coasler ride, I
feel a revision of the lockout system is needed.
With our present code of honor, I am confi- ;
dent that such a compromise between students j
and angels would be the solution to our prob- j
lcm. Respectively submitted,
Janice Shaughnessy
The Editor:
I would like to propose a solution to the :
lockout situation that has so many of us bound
to our hovels over the week-end party-time. !
Since the die-hards of the University cannot \
understand there is no longer any need for j
l:3o's, due to the passing of the tremendous '
fear we once experienced from the air-raids,
I propose we compromise with our guardian
angels.
Why not allow 2:3o's to be taken when a big
night in the city has been planned and I:3o's
to stand when a visit to P.A. or surrounding |
metropolises is the procedure for the evening?
Since there is really nothing respectable to do
after 12:00 in such villages, I think we could
strain ourselves to be in at the 1:30 mark; but
after having to get up and leave San Francisco
right in the middle of a roller-coasler ride, I
feel a revision of the lockout system is needed.
With our present code of honor, I am confi- ;
dent that such a compromise between students j
and angels would be the solution to our prob- j
lcm. Respectively submitted,
Janice Shaughnessy
The Editor:
I would like to propose a solution to the :
lockout situation that has so many of us bound
to our hovels over the week-end party-time. !
Since the die-hards of the University cannot \
understand there is no longer any need for j
l:3o's, due to the passing of the tremendous '
fear we once experienced from the air-raids,
I propose we compromise with our guardian
angels.
Why not allow 2:3o's to be taken when a big
night in the city has been planned and I:3o's
to stand when a visit to P.A. or surrounding |
metropolises is the procedure for the evening?
Since there is really nothing respectable to do
after 12:00 in such villages, I think we could
strain ourselves to be in at the 1:30 mark; but
after having to get up and leave San Francisco
right in the middle of a roller-coasler ride, I
feel a revision of the lockout system is needed.
With our present code of honor, I am confi- ;
dent that such a compromise between students j
and angels would be the solution to our prob- j
lcm. Respectively submitted,
Janice Shaughnessy
The Editor:
I would like to propose a solution to the :
lockout situation that has so many of us bound
to our hovels over the week-end party-time. !
Since the die-hards of the University cannot \
understand there is no longer any need for j
l:3o's, due to the passing of the tremendous '
fear we once experienced from the air-raids,
I propose we compromise with our guardian
angels.
Why not allow 2:3o's to be taken when a big
night in the city has been planned and I:3o's
to stand when a visit to P.A. or surrounding |
metropolises is the procedure for the evening?
Since there is really nothing respectable to do
after 12:00 in such villages, I think we could
strain ourselves to be in at the 1:30 mark; but
after having to get up and leave San Francisco
right in the middle of a roller-coasler ride, I
feel a revision of the lockout system is needed.
With our present code of honor, I am confi- ;
dent that such a compromise between students j
and angels would be the solution to our prob- j
lcm. Respectively submitted,
Janice Shaughnessy
The Editor:
I would like to propose a solution to the :
lockout situation that has so many of us bound
to our hovels over the week-end party-time. !
Since the die-hards of the University cannot \
understand there is no longer any need for j
l:3o's, due to the passing of the tremendous '
fear we once experienced from the air-raids,
I propose we compromise with our guardian
angels.
Why not allow 2:3o's to be taken when a big
night in the city has been planned and I:3o's
to stand when a visit to P.A. or surrounding |
metropolises is the procedure for the evening?
Since there is really nothing respectable to do
after 12:00 in such villages, I think we could
strain ourselves to be in at the 1:30 mark; but
after having to get up and leave San Francisco
right in the middle of a roller-coasler ride, I
feel a revision of the lockout system is needed.
With our present code of honor, I am confi- ;
dent that such a compromise between students j
and angels would be the solution to our prob- j
lcm. Respectively submitted,
Janice Shaughnessy
The Editor:
I would like to propose a solution to the :
lockout situation that has so many of us bound
to our hovels over the week-end party-time. !
Since the die-hards of the University cannot \
understand there is no longer any need for j
l:3o's, due to the passing of the tremendous '
fear we once experienced from the air-raids,
I propose we compromise with our guardian
angels.
Why not allow 2:3o's to be taken when a big
night in the city has been planned and I:3o's
to stand when a visit to P.A. or surrounding |
metropolises is the procedure for the evening?
Since there is really nothing respectable to do
after 12:00 in such villages, I think we could
strain ourselves to be in at the 1:30 mark; but
after having to get up and leave San Francisco
right in the middle of a roller-coasler ride, I
feel a revision of the lockout system is needed.
With our present code of honor, I am confi- ;
dent that such a compromise between students j
and angels would be the solution to our prob- j
lcm. Respectively submitted,
Janice Shaughnessy
The Editor:
I would like to propose a solution to the :
lockout situation that has so many of us bound
to our hovels over the week-end party-time. !
Since the die-hards of the University cannot \
understand there is no longer any need for j
l:3o's, due to the passing of the tremendous '
fear we once experienced from the air-raids,
I propose we compromise with our guardian
angels.
Why not allow 2:3o's to be taken when a big
night in the city has been planned and I:3o's
to stand when a visit to P.A. or surrounding |
metropolises is the procedure for the evening?
Since there is really nothing respectable to do
after 12:00 in such villages, I think we could
strain ourselves to be in at the 1:30 mark; but
after having to get up and leave San Francisco
right in the middle of a roller-coasler ride, I
feel a revision of the lockout system is needed.
With our present code of honor, I am confi- ;
dent that such a compromise between students j
and angels would be the solution to our prob- j
lcm. Respectively submitted,
Janice Shaughnessy
The Editor:
I would like to propose a solution to the :
lockout situation that has so many of us bound
to our hovels over the week-end party-time. !
Since the die-hards of the University cannot \
understand there is no longer any need for j
l:3o's, due to the passing of the tremendous '
fear we once experienced from the air-raids,
I propose we compromise with our guardian
angels.
Why not allow 2:3o's to be taken when a big
night in the city has been planned and I:3o's
to stand when a visit to P.A. or surrounding |
metropolises is the procedure for the evening?
Since there is really nothing respectable to do
after 12:00 in such villages, I think we could
strain ourselves to be in at the 1:30 mark; but
after having to get up and leave San Francisco
right in the middle of a roller-coasler ride, I
feel a revision of the lockout system is needed.
With our present code of honor, I am confi- ;
dent that such a compromise between students j
and angels would be the solution to our prob- j
lcm. Respectively submitted,
Janice Shaughnessy
The Editor:
I would like to propose a solution to the :
lockout situation that has so many of us bound
to our hovels over the week-end party-time. !
Since the die-hards of the University cannot \
understand there is no longer any need for j
l:3o's, due to the passing of the tremendous '
fear we once experienced from the air-raids,
I propose we compromise with our guardian
angels.
Why not allow 2:3o's to be taken when a big
night in the city has been planned and I:3o's
to stand when a visit to P.A. or surrounding |
metropolises is the procedure for the evening?
Since there is really nothing respectable to do
after 12:00 in such villages, I think we could
strain ourselves to be in at the 1:30 mark; but
after having to get up and leave San Francisco
right in the middle of a roller-coasler ride, I
feel a revision of the lockout system is needed.
With our present code of honor, I am confi- ;
dent that such a compromise between students j
and angels would be the solution to our prob- j
lcm. Respectively submitted,
Janice Shaughnessy
The Editor:
I would like to propose a solution to the :
lockout situation that has so many of us bound
to our hovels over the week-end party-time. !
Since the die-hards of the University cannot \
understand there is no longer any need for j
l:3o's, due to the passing of the tremendous '
fear we once experienced from the air-raids,
I propose we compromise with our guardian
angels.
Why not allow 2:3o's to be taken when a big
night in the city has been planned and I:3o's
to stand when a visit to P.A. or surrounding |
metropolises is the procedure for the evening?
Since there is really nothing respectable to do
after 12:00 in such villages, I think we could
strain ourselves to be in at the 1:30 mark; but
after having to get up and leave San Francisco
right in the middle of a roller-coasler ride, I
feel a revision of the lockout system is needed.
With our present code of honor, I am confi- ;
dent that such a compromise between students j
and angels would be the solution to our prob- j
lcm. Respectively submitted,
Janice Shaughnessy
The Editor:
I would like to propose a solution to the :
lockout situation that has so many of us bound
to our hovels over the week-end party-time. !
Since the die-hards of the University cannot \
understand there is no longer any need for j
l:3o's, due to the passing of the tremendous '
fear we once experienced from the air-raids,
I propose we compromise with our guardian
angels.
Why not allow 2:3o's to be taken when a big
night in the city has been planned and I:3o's
to stand when a visit to P.A. or surrounding |
metropolises is the procedure for the evening?
Since there is really nothing respectable to do
after 12:00 in such villages, I think we could
strain ourselves to be in at the 1:30 mark; but
after having to get up and leave San Francisco
right in the middle of a roller-coasler ride, I
feel a revision of the lockout system is needed.
With our present code of honor, I am confi- ;
dent that such a compromise between students j
and angels would be the solution to our prob- j
lcm. Respectively submitted,
Janice Shaughnessy
The Editor:
I would like to propose a solution to the :
lockout situation that has so many of us bound
to our hovels over the week-end party-time. !
Since the die-hards of the University cannot \
understand there is no longer any need for j
l:3o's, due to the passing of the tremendous '
fear we once experienced from the air-raids,
I propose we compromise with our guardian
angels.
Why not allow 2:3o's to be taken when a big
night in the city has been planned and I:3o's
to stand when a visit to P.A. or surrounding |
metropolises is the procedure for the evening?
Since there is really nothing respectable to do
after 12:00 in such villages, I think we could
strain ourselves to be in at the 1:30 mark; but
after having to get up and leave San Francisco
right in the middle of a roller-coasler ride, I
feel a revision of the lockout system is needed.
With our present code of honor, I am confi- ;
dent that such a compromise between students j
and angels would be the solution to our prob- j
lcm. Respectively submitted,
Janice Shaughnessy
