# Holden Will Speak On Engineering
## 
### 
Professor Paul E. Holden of the
Graduate School of Business will
speak on the subject "Engineering a<-
a Background for Business," at the
first social meeting of the year of
the Stanford Student Chapter of tht
American Society of Civil Engineers
to be held Wednesday, Nov. 1, at
7:30 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse
After the talk, the meeting will be
thrown open to discussion of the
speech, and there will also be a dis
cussion on the possibility of mem -
bership and opportunities offered in
the chapter, according to Wayne
Sturgis, newly-elected president o)
the chapter.
Sturgis also added that all engi
neers are welcome to attend, whether
they are members of the chapter or
not, and anyone from the School o!
Business who is interested in Pro
fessor Holden's talk will also be wel
come. Refreshments will be served,
Other officers of the chapter art
Mario Aguilar, vice-president; Pa ,
Bergman, secretary, and Barbara
Seaver, treasurer, while Professoi
Leon B. Reynolds serves as faculty
adviser for the organization.
