# Girls' Knitting Yarn Available At Union
## 
### 
All girls knitting for their war
hours who signed up for yarn may
pick it up in Room 30.'!, Union

Residence, or call for it between 1
and 4 Tuesday at the home of Dean
Mary Yost,
All girls knitting for their war
hours who signed up for yarn may
pick it up in Room 30.'!, Union

Residence, or call for it between 1
and 4 Tuesday at the home of Dean
Mary Yost,
All girls knitting for their war
hours who signed up for yarn may
pick it up in Room 30.'!, Union

Residence, or call for it between 1
and 4 Tuesday at the home of Dean
Mary Yost,
All girls knitting for their war
hours who signed up for yarn may
pick it up in Room 30.'!, Union

Residence, or call for it between 1
and 4 Tuesday at the home of Dean
Mary Yost,
All girls knitting for their war
hours who signed up for yarn may
pick it up in Room 30.'!, Union

Residence, or call for it between 1
and 4 Tuesday at the home of Dean
Mary Yost,
All girls knitting for their war
hours who signed up for yarn may
pick it up in Room 30.'!, Union

Residence, or call for it between 1
and 4 Tuesday at the home of Dean
Mary Yost,
All girls knitting for their war
hours who signed up for yarn may
pick it up in Room 30.'!, Union

Residence, or call for it between 1
and 4 Tuesday at the home of Dean
Mary Yost,
All girls knitting for their war
hours who signed up for yarn may
pick it up in Room 30.'!, Union

Residence, or call for it between 1
and 4 Tuesday at the home of Dean
Mary Yost,
All girls knitting for their war
hours who signed up for yarn may
pick it up in Room 30.'!, Union

Residence, or call for it between 1
and 4 Tuesday at the home of Dean
Mary Yost,
All girls knitting for their war
hours who signed up for yarn may
pick it up in Room 30.'!, Union

Residence, or call for it between 1
and 4 Tuesday at the home of Dean
Mary Yost,
All girls knitting for their war
hours who signed up for yarn may
pick it up in Room 30.'!, Union

Residence, or call for it between 1
and 4 Tuesday at the home of Dean
Mary Yost,
All girls knitting for their war
hours who signed up for yarn may
pick it up in Room 30.'!, Union

Residence, or call for it between 1
and 4 Tuesday at the home of Dean
Mary Yost,
All girls knitting for their war
hours who signed up for yarn may
pick it up in Room 30.'!, Union

Residence, or call for it between 1
and 4 Tuesday at the home of Dean
Mary Yost,
All girls knitting for their war
hours who signed up for yarn may
pick it up in Room 30.'!, Union

Residence, or call for it between 1
and 4 Tuesday at the home of Dean
Mary Yost,
All girls knitting for their war
hours who signed up for yarn may
pick it up in Room 30.'!, Union

Residence, or call for it between 1
and 4 Tuesday at the home of Dean
Mary Yost,
All girls knitting for their war
hours who signed up for yarn may
pick it up in Room 30.'!, Union

Residence, or call for it between 1
and 4 Tuesday at the home of Dean
Mary Yost,
All girls knitting for their war
hours who signed up for yarn may
pick it up in Room 30.'!, Union

Residence, or call for it between 1
and 4 Tuesday at the home of Dean
Mary Yost,
