# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The meeting scheduled for Monday
afternoon to talk over dramatic prob
lems has been thrown open to every
body interested. The policy which
will be adopted by the Faculty Com
mittee on Public Exercises will be a
more or less permanent one, and it is
necessary to have any suggestions
which will aid in the determination
of that policy now. Professor Pcirce,
chairman of the committee, desires
the attendance of all who have an in
terest in dramatics and a full discus
sion of the subject at, this meeting.
The meeting scheduled for Monday
afternoon to talk over dramatic prob
lems has been thrown open to every
body interested. The policy which
will be adopted by the Faculty Com
mittee on Public Exercises will be a
more or less permanent one, and it is
necessary to have any suggestions
which will aid in the determination
of that policy now. Professor Pcirce,
chairman of the committee, desires
the attendance of all who have an in
terest in dramatics and a full discus
sion of the subject at, this meeting.
The meeting scheduled for Monday
afternoon to talk over dramatic prob
lems has been thrown open to every
body interested. The policy which
will be adopted by the Faculty Com
mittee on Public Exercises will be a
more or less permanent one, and it is
necessary to have any suggestions
which will aid in the determination
of that policy now. Professor Pcirce,
chairman of the committee, desires
the attendance of all who have an in
terest in dramatics and a full discus
sion of the subject at, this meeting.
The meeting scheduled for Monday
afternoon to talk over dramatic prob
lems has been thrown open to every
body interested. The policy which
will be adopted by the Faculty Com
mittee on Public Exercises will be a
more or less permanent one, and it is
necessary to have any suggestions
which will aid in the determination
of that policy now. Professor Pcirce,
chairman of the committee, desires
the attendance of all who have an in
terest in dramatics and a full discus
sion of the subject at, this meeting.
The meeting scheduled for Monday
afternoon to talk over dramatic prob
lems has been thrown open to every
body interested. The policy which
will be adopted by the Faculty Com
mittee on Public Exercises will be a
more or less permanent one, and it is
necessary to have any suggestions
which will aid in the determination
of that policy now. Professor Pcirce,
chairman of the committee, desires
the attendance of all who have an in
terest in dramatics and a full discus
sion of the subject at, this meeting.
The meeting scheduled for Monday
afternoon to talk over dramatic prob
lems has been thrown open to every
body interested. The policy which
will be adopted by the Faculty Com
mittee on Public Exercises will be a
more or less permanent one, and it is
necessary to have any suggestions
which will aid in the determination
of that policy now. Professor Pcirce,
chairman of the committee, desires
the attendance of all who have an in
terest in dramatics and a full discus
sion of the subject at, this meeting.
The meeting scheduled for Monday
afternoon to talk over dramatic prob
lems has been thrown open to every
body interested. The policy which
will be adopted by the Faculty Com
mittee on Public Exercises will be a
more or less permanent one, and it is
necessary to have any suggestions
which will aid in the determination
of that policy now. Professor Pcirce,
chairman of the committee, desires
the attendance of all who have an in
terest in dramatics and a full discus
sion of the subject at, this meeting.
The meeting scheduled for Monday
afternoon to talk over dramatic prob
lems has been thrown open to every
body interested. The policy which
will be adopted by the Faculty Com
mittee on Public Exercises will be a
more or less permanent one, and it is
necessary to have any suggestions
which will aid in the determination
of that policy now. Professor Pcirce,
chairman of the committee, desires
the attendance of all who have an in
terest in dramatics and a full discus
sion of the subject at, this meeting.
The meeting scheduled for Monday
afternoon to talk over dramatic prob
lems has been thrown open to every
body interested. The policy which
will be adopted by the Faculty Com
mittee on Public Exercises will be a
more or less permanent one, and it is
necessary to have any suggestions
which will aid in the determination
of that policy now. Professor Pcirce,
chairman of the committee, desires
the attendance of all who have an in
terest in dramatics and a full discus
sion of the subject at, this meeting.
The meeting scheduled for Monday
afternoon to talk over dramatic prob
lems has been thrown open to every
body interested. The policy which
will be adopted by the Faculty Com
mittee on Public Exercises will be a
more or less permanent one, and it is
necessary to have any suggestions
which will aid in the determination
of that policy now. Professor Pcirce,
chairman of the committee, desires
the attendance of all who have an in
terest in dramatics and a full discus
sion of the subject at, this meeting.
The meeting scheduled for Monday
afternoon to talk over dramatic prob
lems has been thrown open to every
body interested. The policy which
will be adopted by the Faculty Com
mittee on Public Exercises will be a
more or less permanent one, and it is
necessary to have any suggestions
which will aid in the determination
of that policy now. Professor Pcirce,
chairman of the committee, desires
the attendance of all who have an in
terest in dramatics and a full discus
sion of the subject at, this meeting.
The meeting scheduled for Monday
afternoon to talk over dramatic prob
lems has been thrown open to every
body interested. The policy which
will be adopted by the Faculty Com
mittee on Public Exercises will be a
more or less permanent one, and it is
necessary to have any suggestions
which will aid in the determination
of that policy now. Professor Pcirce,
chairman of the committee, desires
the attendance of all who have an in
terest in dramatics and a full discus
sion of the subject at, this meeting.
The meeting scheduled for Monday
afternoon to talk over dramatic prob
lems has been thrown open to every
body interested. The policy which
will be adopted by the Faculty Com
mittee on Public Exercises will be a
more or less permanent one, and it is
necessary to have any suggestions
which will aid in the determination
of that policy now. Professor Pcirce,
chairman of the committee, desires
the attendance of all who have an in
terest in dramatics and a full discus
sion of the subject at, this meeting.
The meeting scheduled for Monday
afternoon to talk over dramatic prob
lems has been thrown open to every
body interested. The policy which
will be adopted by the Faculty Com
mittee on Public Exercises will be a
more or less permanent one, and it is
necessary to have any suggestions
which will aid in the determination
of that policy now. Professor Pcirce,
chairman of the committee, desires
the attendance of all who have an in
terest in dramatics and a full discus
sion of the subject at, this meeting.
