# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Philip Horvitz (Todd Moorhead), Lisa Soloway (Kathy
Swenson), and Will Capps (Brian Swenson) star in the Magic
Theatre's production of 'The Feeding' by Pat Pfeiffer. The
play will run through May 24. Tickets are available by phon
ing the box office at 441-8822.

Philip Horvitz (Todd Moorhead), Lisa Soloway (Kathy
Swenson), and Will Capps (Brian Swenson) star in the Magic
Theatre's production of 'The Feeding' by Pat Pfeiffer. The
play will run through May 24. Tickets are available by phon
ing the box office at 441-8822.

Philip Horvitz (Todd Moorhead), Lisa Soloway (Kathy
Swenson), and Will Capps (Brian Swenson) star in the Magic
Theatre's production of 'The Feeding' by Pat Pfeiffer. The
play will run through May 24. Tickets are available by phon
ing the box office at 441-8822.

Philip Horvitz (Todd Moorhead), Lisa Soloway (Kathy
Swenson), and Will Capps (Brian Swenson) star in the Magic
Theatre's production of 'The Feeding' by Pat Pfeiffer. The
play will run through May 24. Tickets are available by phon
ing the box office at 441-8822.

Philip Horvitz (Todd Moorhead), Lisa Soloway (Kathy
Swenson), and Will Capps (Brian Swenson) star in the Magic
Theatre's production of 'The Feeding' by Pat Pfeiffer. The
play will run through May 24. Tickets are available by phon
ing the box office at 441-8822.

Philip Horvitz (Todd Moorhead), Lisa Soloway (Kathy
Swenson), and Will Capps (Brian Swenson) star in the Magic
Theatre's production of 'The Feeding' by Pat Pfeiffer. The
play will run through May 24. Tickets are available by phon
ing the box office at 441-8822.

Philip Horvitz (Todd Moorhead), Lisa Soloway (Kathy
Swenson), and Will Capps (Brian Swenson) star in the Magic
Theatre's production of 'The Feeding' by Pat Pfeiffer. The
play will run through May 24. Tickets are available by phon
ing the box office at 441-8822.

Philip Horvitz (Todd Moorhead), Lisa Soloway (Kathy
Swenson), and Will Capps (Brian Swenson) star in the Magic
Theatre's production of 'The Feeding' by Pat Pfeiffer. The
play will run through May 24. Tickets are available by phon
ing the box office at 441-8822.

Philip Horvitz (Todd Moorhead), Lisa Soloway (Kathy
Swenson), and Will Capps (Brian Swenson) star in the Magic
Theatre's production of 'The Feeding' by Pat Pfeiffer. The
play will run through May 24. Tickets are available by phon
ing the box office at 441-8822.
