# ROCK POP JAZZ
## 
### 
Campus
Andrea Weatherhead: Guitarist
vocalist will be playing at Chez-
Nous, 610 Mayfield on Saturday
night. Open from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m.
Cut Loose: Come and dance to their
rock and roll sounds. Friday 9 p.m.
to la.m. at Encina Station, free ad
mission.
Bay Area
Rec Rustel and the Marin Dance
Theatre: Rec Russel will be per
forming Jazz Concert at Mission Col
lege, 3000 Mission College Blvd.,
Santa Clara, accross from Great
America. 8 p.m. Friday, general ad
mission $4. For more info call
366-4503.
Dance Concert: Featuring "Hoo
vers," "Reggies," and "Fan Club,"
dance concert. Tickets $3 available
at Santa Clara Information booth in
Benson Hall Pipestage. In Grahm
Complex, Santa Clara, April 24 at 8
p.m.
