# Adv. 24 Page 7
## 
### 
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TC STUDENTS
/
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
C^V^ore
couples
come l to
< arl \ l«'
JrvM'lrr*
tor thei r
DIAMOND RINC.S
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for the
same fine quality Diamonds
VSr
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Citrlii/r
U JEWELER®
535 Bryant Str»«t
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TC STUDENTS
/
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
C^V^ore
couples
come l to
< arl \ l«'
JrvM'lrr*
tor thei r
DIAMOND RINC.S
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for the
same fine quality Diamonds
VSr
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Citrlii/r
U JEWELER®
535 Bryant Str»«t
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TC STUDENTS
/
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
C^V^ore
couples
come l to
< arl \ l«'
JrvM'lrr*
tor thei r
DIAMOND RINC.S
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for the
same fine quality Diamonds
VSr
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Citrlii/r
U JEWELER®
535 Bryant Str»«t
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TC STUDENTS
/
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
C^V^ore
couples
come l to
< arl \ l«'
JrvM'lrr*
tor thei r
DIAMOND RINC.S
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for the
same fine quality Diamonds
VSr
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Citrlii/r
U JEWELER®
535 Bryant Str»«t
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TC STUDENTS
/
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
C^V^ore
couples
come l to
< arl \ l«'
JrvM'lrr*
tor thei r
DIAMOND RINC.S
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for the
same fine quality Diamonds
VSr
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Citrlii/r
U JEWELER®
535 Bryant Str»«t
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TC STUDENTS
/
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
C^V^ore
couples
come l to
< arl \ l«'
JrvM'lrr*
tor thei r
DIAMOND RINC.S
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for the
same fine quality Diamonds
VSr
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Citrlii/r
U JEWELER®
535 Bryant Str»«t
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TC STUDENTS
/
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
C^V^ore
couples
come l to
< arl \ l«'
JrvM'lrr*
tor thei r
DIAMOND RINC.S
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for the
same fine quality Diamonds
VSr
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Citrlii/r
U JEWELER®
535 Bryant Str»«t
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TC STUDENTS
/
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
C^V^ore
couples
come l to
< arl \ l«'
JrvM'lrr*
tor thei r
DIAMOND RINC.S
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for the
same fine quality Diamonds
VSr
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Citrlii/r
U JEWELER®
535 Bryant Str»«t
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TC STUDENTS
/
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
C^V^ore
couples
come l to
< arl \ l«'
JrvM'lrr*
tor thei r
DIAMOND RINC.S
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for the
same fine quality Diamonds
VSr
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Citrlii/r
U JEWELER®
535 Bryant Str»«t
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TC STUDENTS
/
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
C^V^ore
couples
come l to
< arl \ l«'
JrvM'lrr*
tor thei r
DIAMOND RINC.S
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for the
same fine quality Diamonds
VSr
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Citrlii/r
U JEWELER®
535 Bryant Str»«t
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TC STUDENTS
/
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
C^V^ore
couples
come l to
< arl \ l«'
JrvM'lrr*
tor thei r
DIAMOND RINC.S
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for the
same fine quality Diamonds
VSr
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Citrlii/r
U JEWELER®
535 Bryant Str»«t
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TC STUDENTS
/
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
C^V^ore
couples
come l to
< arl \ l«'
JrvM'lrr*
tor thei r
DIAMOND RINC.S
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for the
same fine quality Diamonds
VSr
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Citrlii/r
U JEWELER®
535 Bryant Str»«t
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TC STUDENTS
/
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
C^V^ore
couples
come l to
< arl \ l«'
JrvM'lrr*
tor thei r
DIAMOND RINC.S
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for the
same fine quality Diamonds
VSr
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Citrlii/r
U JEWELER®
535 Bryant Str»«t
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TC STUDENTS
/
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
C^V^ore
couples
come l to
< arl \ l«'
JrvM'lrr*
tor thei r
DIAMOND RINC.S
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for the
same fine quality Diamonds
VSr
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Citrlii/r
U JEWELER®
535 Bryant Str»«t
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
