# HUERTA SPEECH
## 
### 
Dolores Huerta, executive vice president of
United Farmworkers of America will speak
tonight at 7 in Memorial Church. Huerta's
speech is part of the chicano community's
traditional observance of Cinco de Mayo.
Dolores Huerta, executive vice president of
United Farmworkers of America will speak
tonight at 7 in Memorial Church. Huerta's
speech is part of the chicano community's
traditional observance of Cinco de Mayo.
Dolores Huerta, executive vice president of
United Farmworkers of America will speak
tonight at 7 in Memorial Church. Huerta's
speech is part of the chicano community's
traditional observance of Cinco de Mayo.
Dolores Huerta, executive vice president of
United Farmworkers of America will speak
tonight at 7 in Memorial Church. Huerta's
speech is part of the chicano community's
traditional observance of Cinco de Mayo.
Dolores Huerta, executive vice president of
United Farmworkers of America will speak
tonight at 7 in Memorial Church. Huerta's
speech is part of the chicano community's
traditional observance of Cinco de Mayo.
Dolores Huerta, executive vice president of
United Farmworkers of America will speak
tonight at 7 in Memorial Church. Huerta's
speech is part of the chicano community's
traditional observance of Cinco de Mayo.
Dolores Huerta, executive vice president of
United Farmworkers of America will speak
tonight at 7 in Memorial Church. Huerta's
speech is part of the chicano community's
traditional observance of Cinco de Mayo.
Dolores Huerta, executive vice president of
United Farmworkers of America will speak
tonight at 7 in Memorial Church. Huerta's
speech is part of the chicano community's
traditional observance of Cinco de Mayo.
Dolores Huerta, executive vice president of
United Farmworkers of America will speak
tonight at 7 in Memorial Church. Huerta's
speech is part of the chicano community's
traditional observance of Cinco de Mayo.
Dolores Huerta, executive vice president of
United Farmworkers of America will speak
tonight at 7 in Memorial Church. Huerta's
speech is part of the chicano community's
traditional observance of Cinco de Mayo.
Dolores Huerta, executive vice president of
United Farmworkers of America will speak
tonight at 7 in Memorial Church. Huerta's
speech is part of the chicano community's
traditional observance of Cinco de Mayo.
Dolores Huerta, executive vice president of
United Farmworkers of America will speak
tonight at 7 in Memorial Church. Huerta's
speech is part of the chicano community's
traditional observance of Cinco de Mayo.
Dolores Huerta, executive vice president of
United Farmworkers of America will speak
tonight at 7 in Memorial Church. Huerta's
speech is part of the chicano community's
traditional observance of Cinco de Mayo.
Dolores Huerta, executive vice president of
United Farmworkers of America will speak
tonight at 7 in Memorial Church. Huerta's
speech is part of the chicano community's
traditional observance of Cinco de Mayo.
