# $50 Fee Plan Is Open to Grads
## 
### 
Graduate students who do not
wish to undertake a full program of
academic work may register this
summer quarter for a maximum of
eight units of credit and pay a tui
tion fee of only $50 plus the com
munity fee of $15.
This arrangement was authorized
recently for the first time at Stan
ford.
The regulation does not apply,
however, to students in the Grad
ate School of Business, the School
<f Law, or the Hopkins Marine
Station.
Graduate students who do not
wish to undertake a full program of
academic work may register this
summer quarter for a maximum of
eight units of credit and pay a tui
tion fee of only $50 plus the com
munity fee of $15.
This arrangement was authorized
recently for the first time at Stan
ford.
The regulation does not apply,
however, to students in the Grad
ate School of Business, the School
<f Law, or the Hopkins Marine
Station.
Graduate students who do not
wish to undertake a full program of
academic work may register this
summer quarter for a maximum of
eight units of credit and pay a tui
tion fee of only $50 plus the com
munity fee of $15.
This arrangement was authorized
recently for the first time at Stan
ford.
The regulation does not apply,
however, to students in the Grad
ate School of Business, the School
<f Law, or the Hopkins Marine
Station.
Graduate students who do not
wish to undertake a full program of
academic work may register this
summer quarter for a maximum of
eight units of credit and pay a tui
tion fee of only $50 plus the com
munity fee of $15.
This arrangement was authorized
recently for the first time at Stan
ford.
The regulation does not apply,
however, to students in the Grad
ate School of Business, the School
<f Law, or the Hopkins Marine
Station.
Graduate students who do not
wish to undertake a full program of
academic work may register this
summer quarter for a maximum of
eight units of credit and pay a tui
tion fee of only $50 plus the com
munity fee of $15.
This arrangement was authorized
recently for the first time at Stan
ford.
The regulation does not apply,
however, to students in the Grad
ate School of Business, the School
<f Law, or the Hopkins Marine
Station.
Graduate students who do not
wish to undertake a full program of
academic work may register this
summer quarter for a maximum of
eight units of credit and pay a tui
tion fee of only $50 plus the com
munity fee of $15.
This arrangement was authorized
recently for the first time at Stan
ford.
The regulation does not apply,
however, to students in the Grad
ate School of Business, the School
<f Law, or the Hopkins Marine
Station.
Graduate students who do not
wish to undertake a full program of
academic work may register this
summer quarter for a maximum of
eight units of credit and pay a tui
tion fee of only $50 plus the com
munity fee of $15.
This arrangement was authorized
recently for the first time at Stan
ford.
The regulation does not apply,
however, to students in the Grad
ate School of Business, the School
<f Law, or the Hopkins Marine
Station.
Graduate students who do not
wish to undertake a full program of
academic work may register this
summer quarter for a maximum of
eight units of credit and pay a tui
tion fee of only $50 plus the com
munity fee of $15.
This arrangement was authorized
recently for the first time at Stan
ford.
The regulation does not apply,
however, to students in the Grad
ate School of Business, the School
<f Law, or the Hopkins Marine
Station.
Graduate students who do not
wish to undertake a full program of
academic work may register this
summer quarter for a maximum of
eight units of credit and pay a tui
tion fee of only $50 plus the com
munity fee of $15.
This arrangement was authorized
recently for the first time at Stan
ford.
The regulation does not apply,
however, to students in the Grad
ate School of Business, the School
<f Law, or the Hopkins Marine
Station.
Graduate students who do not
wish to undertake a full program of
academic work may register this
summer quarter for a maximum of
eight units of credit and pay a tui
tion fee of only $50 plus the com
munity fee of $15.
This arrangement was authorized
recently for the first time at Stan
ford.
The regulation does not apply,
however, to students in the Grad
ate School of Business, the School
<f Law, or the Hopkins Marine
Station.
Graduate students who do not
wish to undertake a full program of
academic work may register this
summer quarter for a maximum of
eight units of credit and pay a tui
tion fee of only $50 plus the com
munity fee of $15.
This arrangement was authorized
recently for the first time at Stan
ford.
The regulation does not apply,
however, to students in the Grad
ate School of Business, the School
<f Law, or the Hopkins Marine
Station.
Graduate students who do not
wish to undertake a full program of
academic work may register this
summer quarter for a maximum of
eight units of credit and pay a tui
tion fee of only $50 plus the com
munity fee of $15.
This arrangement was authorized
recently for the first time at Stan
ford.
The regulation does not apply,
however, to students in the Grad
ate School of Business, the School
<f Law, or the Hopkins Marine
Station.
Graduate students who do not
wish to undertake a full program of
academic work may register this
summer quarter for a maximum of
eight units of credit and pay a tui
tion fee of only $50 plus the com
munity fee of $15.
This arrangement was authorized
recently for the first time at Stan
ford.
The regulation does not apply,
however, to students in the Grad
ate School of Business, the School
<f Law, or the Hopkins Marine
Station.
Graduate students who do not
wish to undertake a full program of
academic work may register this
summer quarter for a maximum of
eight units of credit and pay a tui
tion fee of only $50 plus the com
munity fee of $15.
This arrangement was authorized
recently for the first time at Stan
ford.
The regulation does not apply,
however, to students in the Grad
ate School of Business, the School
<f Law, or the Hopkins Marine
Station.
Graduate students who do not
wish to undertake a full program of
academic work may register this
summer quarter for a maximum of
eight units of credit and pay a tui
tion fee of only $50 plus the com
munity fee of $15.
This arrangement was authorized
recently for the first time at Stan
ford.
The regulation does not apply,
however, to students in the Grad
ate School of Business, the School
<f Law, or the Hopkins Marine
Station.
Graduate students who do not
wish to undertake a full program of
academic work may register this
summer quarter for a maximum of
eight units of credit and pay a tui
tion fee of only $50 plus the com
munity fee of $15.
This arrangement was authorized
recently for the first time at Stan
ford.
The regulation does not apply,
however, to students in the Grad
ate School of Business, the School
<f Law, or the Hopkins Marine
Station.
Graduate students who do not
wish to undertake a full program of
academic work may register this
summer quarter for a maximum of
eight units of credit and pay a tui
tion fee of only $50 plus the com
munity fee of $15.
This arrangement was authorized
recently for the first time at Stan
ford.
The regulation does not apply,
however, to students in the Grad
ate School of Business, the School
<f Law, or the Hopkins Marine
Station.
