# Safety Education Course, July 15-27
## 
### 
*
An intensive shorty course on j
Safety Education will be given by \
the School of Education July 15 to

27 on behalf of administrators and
supervisors responsible for safety
education in school districts.
Sixty-nine per cent of the 1939
summer quarter enrollment were
graduate students.
*
An intensive shorty course on j
Safety Education will be given by \
the School of Education July 15 to

27 on behalf of administrators and
supervisors responsible for safety
education in school districts.
Sixty-nine per cent of the 1939
summer quarter enrollment were
graduate students.
*
An intensive shorty course on j
Safety Education will be given by \
the School of Education July 15 to

27 on behalf of administrators and
supervisors responsible for safety
education in school districts.
Sixty-nine per cent of the 1939
summer quarter enrollment were
graduate students.
*
An intensive shorty course on j
Safety Education will be given by \
the School of Education July 15 to

27 on behalf of administrators and
supervisors responsible for safety
education in school districts.
Sixty-nine per cent of the 1939
summer quarter enrollment were
graduate students.
*
An intensive shorty course on j
Safety Education will be given by \
the School of Education July 15 to

27 on behalf of administrators and
supervisors responsible for safety
education in school districts.
Sixty-nine per cent of the 1939
summer quarter enrollment were
graduate students.
*
An intensive shorty course on j
Safety Education will be given by \
the School of Education July 15 to

27 on behalf of administrators and
supervisors responsible for safety
education in school districts.
Sixty-nine per cent of the 1939
summer quarter enrollment were
graduate students.
*
An intensive shorty course on j
Safety Education will be given by \
the School of Education July 15 to

27 on behalf of administrators and
supervisors responsible for safety
education in school districts.
Sixty-nine per cent of the 1939
summer quarter enrollment were
graduate students.
*
An intensive shorty course on j
Safety Education will be given by \
the School of Education July 15 to

27 on behalf of administrators and
supervisors responsible for safety
education in school districts.
Sixty-nine per cent of the 1939
summer quarter enrollment were
graduate students.
*
An intensive shorty course on j
Safety Education will be given by \
the School of Education July 15 to

27 on behalf of administrators and
supervisors responsible for safety
education in school districts.
Sixty-nine per cent of the 1939
summer quarter enrollment were
graduate students.
*
An intensive shorty course on j
Safety Education will be given by \
the School of Education July 15 to

27 on behalf of administrators and
supervisors responsible for safety
education in school districts.
Sixty-nine per cent of the 1939
summer quarter enrollment were
graduate students.
*
An intensive shorty course on j
Safety Education will be given by \
the School of Education July 15 to

27 on behalf of administrators and
supervisors responsible for safety
education in school districts.
Sixty-nine per cent of the 1939
summer quarter enrollment were
graduate students.
*
An intensive shorty course on j
Safety Education will be given by \
the School of Education July 15 to

27 on behalf of administrators and
supervisors responsible for safety
education in school districts.
Sixty-nine per cent of the 1939
summer quarter enrollment were
graduate students.
*
An intensive shorty course on j
Safety Education will be given by \
the School of Education July 15 to

27 on behalf of administrators and
supervisors responsible for safety
education in school districts.
Sixty-nine per cent of the 1939
summer quarter enrollment were
graduate students.
*
An intensive shorty course on j
Safety Education will be given by \
the School of Education July 15 to

27 on behalf of administrators and
supervisors responsible for safety
education in school districts.
Sixty-nine per cent of the 1939
summer quarter enrollment were
graduate students.
*
An intensive shorty course on j
Safety Education will be given by \
the School of Education July 15 to

27 on behalf of administrators and
supervisors responsible for safety
education in school districts.
Sixty-nine per cent of the 1939
summer quarter enrollment were
graduate students.
*
An intensive shorty course on j
Safety Education will be given by \
the School of Education July 15 to

27 on behalf of administrators and
supervisors responsible for safety
education in school districts.
Sixty-nine per cent of the 1939
summer quarter enrollment were
graduate students.
*
An intensive shorty course on j
Safety Education will be given by \
the School of Education July 15 to

27 on behalf of administrators and
supervisors responsible for safety
education in school districts.
Sixty-nine per cent of the 1939
summer quarter enrollment were
graduate students.
