# Adv. 37 Page 11
## 
### 
Ethnicities welcome. Special
need for Jewish, Asian & East
Indian donors. Close personal
support by experienced donor.
Contact Dawn @ 951 -696-7466
www.fertilityalternatives.com/
eggdonors
18 year old female, entering
freshman undergraduate in need
of reliable female aide to help
with daily activities. Flexible
hours, weekdays and weekends
available. No prior skills
necessary. $14 per hour. Call
610-527-8983 or email
michaloha2@aol.com
Coastside Homes for Sale:
Ocean Colony 3420 sq ft home on
10th Fairway at $1,495,000.
Moss Beach 1 block from bluff
3 bd/2ba priced at $1,199,000.
HMB 4 bd/4-f bath, 4175 sq ft on
1 3/4 acre with guesthouse and
oceanviews at $3,350,000.
Call Agent Helen (650) 270-1600.
College Terrace Home for Sale -
1 Block from Stanford. Nicely
upgraded 1 BR/1 BAw/hardwood
firs, fireplace, laundry rm. &
office. $780K. Call 510.657.4012
LEARN to FLY w/Master Instructor
New Aircraft, 925-337-9422 KPAO
Need help with your research
paper? Access over 50 000 essays
today at www.essaysnow.org
Students needed for product
research. Qualified participants
receive $125 AmEx gift cert.
http://tinyurl.com/2tv3ja
Qualified teacher of English as
a Second Language offers 1 on 1
lessons for adults in Palo Alto.
(650)815-9715.
e-mail: hopkinsonj@care2.com
Homework help & transportation
from San Mateo school to RWC.
M-Th 3-7, Fr 2:30-6 forl3yo
dyslexic boy. Great chance to
learn more about special ed.
