# REVIEW ON SALE TOMORROW
## 
### 
The Stanford Illustrated Review will
go on campus sale tomorrow morning,
according? to announcement made to
day by the Alumni Secretary's office.
The Stanford Illustrated Review will
go on campus sale tomorrow morning,
according? to announcement made to
day by the Alumni Secretary's office.
The Stanford Illustrated Review will
go on campus sale tomorrow morning,
according? to announcement made to
day by the Alumni Secretary's office.
The Stanford Illustrated Review will
go on campus sale tomorrow morning,
according? to announcement made to
day by the Alumni Secretary's office.
The Stanford Illustrated Review will
go on campus sale tomorrow morning,
according? to announcement made to
day by the Alumni Secretary's office.
The Stanford Illustrated Review will
go on campus sale tomorrow morning,
according? to announcement made to
day by the Alumni Secretary's office.
The Stanford Illustrated Review will
go on campus sale tomorrow morning,
according? to announcement made to
day by the Alumni Secretary's office.
The Stanford Illustrated Review will
go on campus sale tomorrow morning,
according? to announcement made to
day by the Alumni Secretary's office.
The Stanford Illustrated Review will
go on campus sale tomorrow morning,
according? to announcement made to
day by the Alumni Secretary's office.
The Stanford Illustrated Review will
go on campus sale tomorrow morning,
according? to announcement made to
day by the Alumni Secretary's office.
The Stanford Illustrated Review will
go on campus sale tomorrow morning,
according? to announcement made to
day by the Alumni Secretary's office.
The Stanford Illustrated Review will
go on campus sale tomorrow morning,
according? to announcement made to
day by the Alumni Secretary's office.
The Stanford Illustrated Review will
go on campus sale tomorrow morning,
according? to announcement made to
day by the Alumni Secretary's office.
The Stanford Illustrated Review will
go on campus sale tomorrow morning,
according? to announcement made to
day by the Alumni Secretary's office.
