# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
BOOKS I
Are where you find them
— And you'll find all the
paperbacks at Keplers' in
Menlo Park and Los Altos.
Just 1 mile north of
Stanford or 2 miles south on
El Camino Real, Keplers' has
two of the most complete
paperback bookstores in the
country.
Whenever you need college
out-line series, study aids, or
any of thousands of trade
paperback books, call on
Keplers'.
In addition to the
paperbacks you'll find at
Keplers' a selection of
important hardcover books,
hundreds of inexpensive pop,
op and art posters, and both
foreign and domestic
periodicals.
KEPLER'S
Books &
Magazines
No. 1 825 El Camino
Menlo Park
No. 2 Village Corne;
El Camino &
San Antonio
Los Altos
Free Off Street Parking
BOOKS I
Are where you find them
— And you'll find all the
paperbacks at Keplers' in
Menlo Park and Los Altos.
Just 1 mile north of
Stanford or 2 miles south on
El Camino Real, Keplers' has
two of the most complete
paperback bookstores in the
country.
Whenever you need college
out-line series, study aids, or
any of thousands of trade
paperback books, call on
Keplers'.
In addition to the
paperbacks you'll find at
Keplers' a selection of
important hardcover books,
hundreds of inexpensive pop,
op and art posters, and both
foreign and domestic
periodicals.
KEPLER'S
Books &
Magazines
No. 1 825 El Camino
Menlo Park
No. 2 Village Corne;
El Camino &
San Antonio
Los Altos
Free Off Street Parking
BOOKS I
Are where you find them
— And you'll find all the
paperbacks at Keplers' in
Menlo Park and Los Altos.
Just 1 mile north of
Stanford or 2 miles south on
El Camino Real, Keplers' has
two of the most complete
paperback bookstores in the
country.
Whenever you need college
out-line series, study aids, or
any of thousands of trade
paperback books, call on
Keplers'.
In addition to the
paperbacks you'll find at
Keplers' a selection of
important hardcover books,
hundreds of inexpensive pop,
op and art posters, and both
foreign and domestic
periodicals.
KEPLER'S
Books &
Magazines
No. 1 825 El Camino
Menlo Park
No. 2 Village Corne;
El Camino &
San Antonio
Los Altos
Free Off Street Parking
BOOKS I
Are where you find them
— And you'll find all the
paperbacks at Keplers' in
Menlo Park and Los Altos.
Just 1 mile north of
Stanford or 2 miles south on
El Camino Real, Keplers' has
two of the most complete
paperback bookstores in the
country.
Whenever you need college
out-line series, study aids, or
any of thousands of trade
paperback books, call on
Keplers'.
In addition to the
paperbacks you'll find at
Keplers' a selection of
important hardcover books,
hundreds of inexpensive pop,
op and art posters, and both
foreign and domestic
periodicals.
KEPLER'S
Books &
Magazines
No. 1 825 El Camino
Menlo Park
No. 2 Village Corne;
El Camino &
San Antonio
Los Altos
Free Off Street Parking
BOOKS I
Are where you find them
— And you'll find all the
paperbacks at Keplers' in
Menlo Park and Los Altos.
Just 1 mile north of
Stanford or 2 miles south on
El Camino Real, Keplers' has
two of the most complete
paperback bookstores in the
country.
Whenever you need college
out-line series, study aids, or
any of thousands of trade
paperback books, call on
Keplers'.
In addition to the
paperbacks you'll find at
Keplers' a selection of
important hardcover books,
hundreds of inexpensive pop,
op and art posters, and both
foreign and domestic
periodicals.
KEPLER'S
Books &
Magazines
No. 1 825 El Camino
Menlo Park
No. 2 Village Corne;
El Camino &
San Antonio
Los Altos
Free Off Street Parking
BOOKS I
Are where you find them
— And you'll find all the
paperbacks at Keplers' in
Menlo Park and Los Altos.
Just 1 mile north of
Stanford or 2 miles south on
El Camino Real, Keplers' has
two of the most complete
paperback bookstores in the
country.
Whenever you need college
out-line series, study aids, or
any of thousands of trade
paperback books, call on
Keplers'.
In addition to the
paperbacks you'll find at
Keplers' a selection of
important hardcover books,
hundreds of inexpensive pop,
op and art posters, and both
foreign and domestic
periodicals.
KEPLER'S
Books &
Magazines
No. 1 825 El Camino
Menlo Park
No. 2 Village Corne;
El Camino &
San Antonio
Los Altos
Free Off Street Parking
BOOKS I
Are where you find them
— And you'll find all the
paperbacks at Keplers' in
Menlo Park and Los Altos.
Just 1 mile north of
Stanford or 2 miles south on
El Camino Real, Keplers' has
two of the most complete
paperback bookstores in the
country.
Whenever you need college
out-line series, study aids, or
any of thousands of trade
paperback books, call on
Keplers'.
In addition to the
paperbacks you'll find at
Keplers' a selection of
important hardcover books,
hundreds of inexpensive pop,
op and art posters, and both
foreign and domestic
periodicals.
KEPLER'S
Books &
Magazines
No. 1 825 El Camino
Menlo Park
No. 2 Village Corne;
El Camino &
San Antonio
Los Altos
Free Off Street Parking
BOOKS I
Are where you find them
— And you'll find all the
paperbacks at Keplers' in
Menlo Park and Los Altos.
Just 1 mile north of
Stanford or 2 miles south on
El Camino Real, Keplers' has
two of the most complete
paperback bookstores in the
country.
Whenever you need college
out-line series, study aids, or
any of thousands of trade
paperback books, call on
Keplers'.
In addition to the
paperbacks you'll find at
Keplers' a selection of
important hardcover books,
hundreds of inexpensive pop,
op and art posters, and both
foreign and domestic
periodicals.
KEPLER'S
Books &
Magazines
No. 1 825 El Camino
Menlo Park
No. 2 Village Corne;
El Camino &
San Antonio
Los Altos
Free Off Street Parking
BOOKS I
Are where you find them
— And you'll find all the
paperbacks at Keplers' in
Menlo Park and Los Altos.
Just 1 mile north of
Stanford or 2 miles south on
El Camino Real, Keplers' has
two of the most complete
paperback bookstores in the
country.
Whenever you need college
out-line series, study aids, or
any of thousands of trade
paperback books, call on
Keplers'.
In addition to the
paperbacks you'll find at
Keplers' a selection of
important hardcover books,
hundreds of inexpensive pop,
op and art posters, and both
foreign and domestic
periodicals.
KEPLER'S
Books &
Magazines
No. 1 825 El Camino
Menlo Park
No. 2 Village Corne;
El Camino &
San Antonio
Los Altos
Free Off Street Parking
BOOKS I
Are where you find them
— And you'll find all the
paperbacks at Keplers' in
Menlo Park and Los Altos.
Just 1 mile north of
Stanford or 2 miles south on
El Camino Real, Keplers' has
two of the most complete
paperback bookstores in the
country.
Whenever you need college
out-line series, study aids, or
any of thousands of trade
paperback books, call on
Keplers'.
In addition to the
paperbacks you'll find at
Keplers' a selection of
important hardcover books,
hundreds of inexpensive pop,
op and art posters, and both
foreign and domestic
periodicals.
KEPLER'S
Books &
Magazines
No. 1 825 El Camino
Menlo Park
No. 2 Village Corne;
El Camino &
San Antonio
Los Altos
Free Off Street Parking
BOOKS I
Are where you find them
— And you'll find all the
paperbacks at Keplers' in
Menlo Park and Los Altos.
Just 1 mile north of
Stanford or 2 miles south on
El Camino Real, Keplers' has
two of the most complete
paperback bookstores in the
country.
Whenever you need college
out-line series, study aids, or
any of thousands of trade
paperback books, call on
Keplers'.
In addition to the
paperbacks you'll find at
Keplers' a selection of
important hardcover books,
hundreds of inexpensive pop,
op and art posters, and both
foreign and domestic
periodicals.
KEPLER'S
Books &
Magazines
No. 1 825 El Camino
Menlo Park
No. 2 Village Corne;
El Camino &
San Antonio
Los Altos
Free Off Street Parking
BOOKS I
Are where you find them
— And you'll find all the
paperbacks at Keplers' in
Menlo Park and Los Altos.
Just 1 mile north of
Stanford or 2 miles south on
El Camino Real, Keplers' has
two of the most complete
paperback bookstores in the
country.
Whenever you need college
out-line series, study aids, or
any of thousands of trade
paperback books, call on
Keplers'.
In addition to the
paperbacks you'll find at
Keplers' a selection of
important hardcover books,
hundreds of inexpensive pop,
op and art posters, and both
foreign and domestic
periodicals.
KEPLER'S
Books &
Magazines
No. 1 825 El Camino
Menlo Park
No. 2 Village Corne;
El Camino &
San Antonio
Los Altos
Free Off Street Parking
BOOKS I
Are where you find them
— And you'll find all the
paperbacks at Keplers' in
Menlo Park and Los Altos.
Just 1 mile north of
Stanford or 2 miles south on
El Camino Real, Keplers' has
two of the most complete
paperback bookstores in the
country.
Whenever you need college
out-line series, study aids, or
any of thousands of trade
paperback books, call on
Keplers'.
In addition to the
paperbacks you'll find at
Keplers' a selection of
important hardcover books,
hundreds of inexpensive pop,
op and art posters, and both
foreign and domestic
periodicals.
KEPLER'S
Books &
Magazines
No. 1 825 El Camino
Menlo Park
No. 2 Village Corne;
El Camino &
San Antonio
Los Altos
Free Off Street Parking
