# Adv. 13 Page 3
## 
### 
l-MUVG
whevever you can in a Hang
Ten Supershirt from Short
Swing. Bright stripes and
muted stripes in unisex sizes
small - Xtra large. Shrink
proof. Fade proof. For going
to school or dropping out.
For all round truckin'. All
the Hang Ten is all hung out
at Short Swing now, waiting
for you.
t
Jfhort Jawing, inc.
No. 61 TOWN & COUNTRY VILLAGE
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA 94301
PHONE 328 6064
l-MUVG
whevever you can in a Hang
Ten Supershirt from Short
Swing. Bright stripes and
muted stripes in unisex sizes
small - Xtra large. Shrink
proof. Fade proof. For going
to school or dropping out.
For all round truckin'. All
the Hang Ten is all hung out
at Short Swing now, waiting
for you.
t
Jfhort Jawing, inc.
No. 61 TOWN & COUNTRY VILLAGE
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA 94301
PHONE 328 6064
l-MUVG
whevever you can in a Hang
Ten Supershirt from Short
Swing. Bright stripes and
muted stripes in unisex sizes
small - Xtra large. Shrink
proof. Fade proof. For going
to school or dropping out.
For all round truckin'. All
the Hang Ten is all hung out
at Short Swing now, waiting
for you.
t
Jfhort Jawing, inc.
No. 61 TOWN & COUNTRY VILLAGE
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA 94301
PHONE 328 6064
l-MUVG
whevever you can in a Hang
Ten Supershirt from Short
Swing. Bright stripes and
muted stripes in unisex sizes
small - Xtra large. Shrink
proof. Fade proof. For going
to school or dropping out.
For all round truckin'. All
the Hang Ten is all hung out
at Short Swing now, waiting
for you.
t
Jfhort Jawing, inc.
No. 61 TOWN & COUNTRY VILLAGE
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA 94301
PHONE 328 6064
l-MUVG
whevever you can in a Hang
Ten Supershirt from Short
Swing. Bright stripes and
muted stripes in unisex sizes
small - Xtra large. Shrink
proof. Fade proof. For going
to school or dropping out.
For all round truckin'. All
the Hang Ten is all hung out
at Short Swing now, waiting
for you.
t
Jfhort Jawing, inc.
No. 61 TOWN & COUNTRY VILLAGE
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA 94301
PHONE 328 6064
l-MUVG
whevever you can in a Hang
Ten Supershirt from Short
Swing. Bright stripes and
muted stripes in unisex sizes
small - Xtra large. Shrink
proof. Fade proof. For going
to school or dropping out.
For all round truckin'. All
the Hang Ten is all hung out
at Short Swing now, waiting
for you.
t
Jfhort Jawing, inc.
No. 61 TOWN & COUNTRY VILLAGE
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA 94301
PHONE 328 6064
l-MUVG
whevever you can in a Hang
Ten Supershirt from Short
Swing. Bright stripes and
muted stripes in unisex sizes
small - Xtra large. Shrink
proof. Fade proof. For going
to school or dropping out.
For all round truckin'. All
the Hang Ten is all hung out
at Short Swing now, waiting
for you.
t
Jfhort Jawing, inc.
No. 61 TOWN & COUNTRY VILLAGE
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA 94301
PHONE 328 6064
l-MUVG
whevever you can in a Hang
Ten Supershirt from Short
Swing. Bright stripes and
muted stripes in unisex sizes
small - Xtra large. Shrink
proof. Fade proof. For going
to school or dropping out.
For all round truckin'. All
the Hang Ten is all hung out
at Short Swing now, waiting
for you.
t
Jfhort Jawing, inc.
No. 61 TOWN & COUNTRY VILLAGE
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA 94301
PHONE 328 6064
l-MUVG
whevever you can in a Hang
Ten Supershirt from Short
Swing. Bright stripes and
muted stripes in unisex sizes
small - Xtra large. Shrink
proof. Fade proof. For going
to school or dropping out.
For all round truckin'. All
the Hang Ten is all hung out
at Short Swing now, waiting
for you.
t
Jfhort Jawing, inc.
No. 61 TOWN & COUNTRY VILLAGE
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA 94301
PHONE 328 6064
l-MUVG
whevever you can in a Hang
Ten Supershirt from Short
Swing. Bright stripes and
muted stripes in unisex sizes
small - Xtra large. Shrink
proof. Fade proof. For going
to school or dropping out.
For all round truckin'. All
the Hang Ten is all hung out
at Short Swing now, waiting
for you.
t
Jfhort Jawing, inc.
No. 61 TOWN & COUNTRY VILLAGE
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA 94301
PHONE 328 6064
l-MUVG
whevever you can in a Hang
Ten Supershirt from Short
Swing. Bright stripes and
muted stripes in unisex sizes
small - Xtra large. Shrink
proof. Fade proof. For going
to school or dropping out.
For all round truckin'. All
the Hang Ten is all hung out
at Short Swing now, waiting
for you.
t
Jfhort Jawing, inc.
No. 61 TOWN & COUNTRY VILLAGE
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA 94301
PHONE 328 6064
l-MUVG
whevever you can in a Hang
Ten Supershirt from Short
Swing. Bright stripes and
muted stripes in unisex sizes
small - Xtra large. Shrink
proof. Fade proof. For going
to school or dropping out.
For all round truckin'. All
the Hang Ten is all hung out
at Short Swing now, waiting
for you.
t
Jfhort Jawing, inc.
No. 61 TOWN & COUNTRY VILLAGE
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA 94301
PHONE 328 6064
l-MUVG
whevever you can in a Hang
Ten Supershirt from Short
Swing. Bright stripes and
muted stripes in unisex sizes
small - Xtra large. Shrink
proof. Fade proof. For going
to school or dropping out.
For all round truckin'. All
the Hang Ten is all hung out
at Short Swing now, waiting
for you.
t
Jfhort Jawing, inc.
No. 61 TOWN & COUNTRY VILLAGE
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA 94301
PHONE 328 6064
