# New Class
## 
### 
A two quarter class
entitled "Unrest In The
Academy—The Case Of Bruce
Franklin" will be offered
through SWOPSI beginning
this fall. Attempting to study
the awakening of political
consciousness in the
University, the class (SWOPSI
111) will look at the Franklin
case as an example of the
conflict between political
claims and academic
performance.
This quarter, the class will
do legal and historical
background research
necessary to put the case into
perspective. The second
quarter of the workshop will
begin once the University
Board of Trustees has made
final disposition of the case.
The first class meeting will
be Thursday evening at 7:30
p.m. in the Tresidder Large
Lounge. Instructors urge
anyone interested in enrolling
in the course—or merely in
discussing the issues—to
attend.
A two quarter class
entitled "Unrest In The
Academy—The Case Of Bruce
Franklin" will be offered
through SWOPSI beginning
this fall. Attempting to study
the awakening of political
consciousness in the
University, the class (SWOPSI
111) will look at the Franklin
case as an example of the
conflict between political
claims and academic
performance.
This quarter, the class will
do legal and historical
background research
necessary to put the case into
perspective. The second
quarter of the workshop will
begin once the University
Board of Trustees has made
final disposition of the case.
The first class meeting will
be Thursday evening at 7:30
p.m. in the Tresidder Large
Lounge. Instructors urge
anyone interested in enrolling
in the course—or merely in
discussing the issues—to
attend.
A two quarter class
entitled "Unrest In The
Academy—The Case Of Bruce
Franklin" will be offered
through SWOPSI beginning
this fall. Attempting to study
the awakening of political
consciousness in the
University, the class (SWOPSI
111) will look at the Franklin
case as an example of the
conflict between political
claims and academic
performance.
This quarter, the class will
do legal and historical
background research
necessary to put the case into
perspective. The second
quarter of the workshop will
begin once the University
Board of Trustees has made
final disposition of the case.
The first class meeting will
be Thursday evening at 7:30
p.m. in the Tresidder Large
Lounge. Instructors urge
anyone interested in enrolling
in the course—or merely in
discussing the issues—to
attend.
A two quarter class
entitled "Unrest In The
Academy—The Case Of Bruce
Franklin" will be offered
through SWOPSI beginning
this fall. Attempting to study
the awakening of political
consciousness in the
University, the class (SWOPSI
111) will look at the Franklin
case as an example of the
conflict between political
claims and academic
performance.
This quarter, the class will
do legal and historical
background research
necessary to put the case into
perspective. The second
quarter of the workshop will
begin once the University
Board of Trustees has made
final disposition of the case.
The first class meeting will
be Thursday evening at 7:30
p.m. in the Tresidder Large
Lounge. Instructors urge
anyone interested in enrolling
in the course—or merely in
discussing the issues—to
attend.
A two quarter class
entitled "Unrest In The
Academy—The Case Of Bruce
Franklin" will be offered
through SWOPSI beginning
this fall. Attempting to study
the awakening of political
consciousness in the
University, the class (SWOPSI
111) will look at the Franklin
case as an example of the
conflict between political
claims and academic
performance.
This quarter, the class will
do legal and historical
background research
necessary to put the case into
perspective. The second
quarter of the workshop will
begin once the University
Board of Trustees has made
final disposition of the case.
The first class meeting will
be Thursday evening at 7:30
p.m. in the Tresidder Large
Lounge. Instructors urge
anyone interested in enrolling
in the course—or merely in
discussing the issues—to
attend.
A two quarter class
entitled "Unrest In The
Academy—The Case Of Bruce
Franklin" will be offered
through SWOPSI beginning
this fall. Attempting to study
the awakening of political
consciousness in the
University, the class (SWOPSI
111) will look at the Franklin
case as an example of the
conflict between political
claims and academic
performance.
This quarter, the class will
do legal and historical
background research
necessary to put the case into
perspective. The second
quarter of the workshop will
begin once the University
Board of Trustees has made
final disposition of the case.
The first class meeting will
be Thursday evening at 7:30
p.m. in the Tresidder Large
Lounge. Instructors urge
anyone interested in enrolling
in the course—or merely in
discussing the issues—to
attend.
A two quarter class
entitled "Unrest In The
Academy—The Case Of Bruce
Franklin" will be offered
through SWOPSI beginning
this fall. Attempting to study
the awakening of political
consciousness in the
University, the class (SWOPSI
111) will look at the Franklin
case as an example of the
conflict between political
claims and academic
performance.
This quarter, the class will
do legal and historical
background research
necessary to put the case into
perspective. The second
quarter of the workshop will
begin once the University
Board of Trustees has made
final disposition of the case.
The first class meeting will
be Thursday evening at 7:30
p.m. in the Tresidder Large
Lounge. Instructors urge
anyone interested in enrolling
in the course—or merely in
discussing the issues—to
attend.
A two quarter class
entitled "Unrest In The
Academy—The Case Of Bruce
Franklin" will be offered
through SWOPSI beginning
this fall. Attempting to study
the awakening of political
consciousness in the
University, the class (SWOPSI
111) will look at the Franklin
case as an example of the
conflict between political
claims and academic
performance.
This quarter, the class will
do legal and historical
background research
necessary to put the case into
perspective. The second
quarter of the workshop will
begin once the University
Board of Trustees has made
final disposition of the case.
The first class meeting will
be Thursday evening at 7:30
p.m. in the Tresidder Large
Lounge. Instructors urge
anyone interested in enrolling
in the course—or merely in
discussing the issues—to
attend.
A two quarter class
entitled "Unrest In The
Academy—The Case Of Bruce
Franklin" will be offered
through SWOPSI beginning
this fall. Attempting to study
the awakening of political
consciousness in the
University, the class (SWOPSI
111) will look at the Franklin
case as an example of the
conflict between political
claims and academic
performance.
This quarter, the class will
do legal and historical
background research
necessary to put the case into
perspective. The second
quarter of the workshop will
begin once the University
Board of Trustees has made
final disposition of the case.
The first class meeting will
be Thursday evening at 7:30
p.m. in the Tresidder Large
Lounge. Instructors urge
anyone interested in enrolling
in the course—or merely in
discussing the issues—to
attend.
A two quarter class
entitled "Unrest In The
Academy—The Case Of Bruce
Franklin" will be offered
through SWOPSI beginning
this fall. Attempting to study
the awakening of political
consciousness in the
University, the class (SWOPSI
111) will look at the Franklin
case as an example of the
conflict between political
claims and academic
performance.
This quarter, the class will
do legal and historical
background research
necessary to put the case into
perspective. The second
quarter of the workshop will
begin once the University
Board of Trustees has made
final disposition of the case.
The first class meeting will
be Thursday evening at 7:30
p.m. in the Tresidder Large
Lounge. Instructors urge
anyone interested in enrolling
in the course—or merely in
discussing the issues—to
attend.
A two quarter class
entitled "Unrest In The
Academy—The Case Of Bruce
Franklin" will be offered
through SWOPSI beginning
this fall. Attempting to study
the awakening of political
consciousness in the
University, the class (SWOPSI
111) will look at the Franklin
case as an example of the
conflict between political
claims and academic
performance.
This quarter, the class will
do legal and historical
background research
necessary to put the case into
perspective. The second
quarter of the workshop will
begin once the University
Board of Trustees has made
final disposition of the case.
The first class meeting will
be Thursday evening at 7:30
p.m. in the Tresidder Large
Lounge. Instructors urge
anyone interested in enrolling
in the course—or merely in
discussing the issues—to
attend.
A two quarter class
entitled "Unrest In The
Academy—The Case Of Bruce
Franklin" will be offered
through SWOPSI beginning
this fall. Attempting to study
the awakening of political
consciousness in the
University, the class (SWOPSI
111) will look at the Franklin
case as an example of the
conflict between political
claims and academic
performance.
This quarter, the class will
do legal and historical
background research
necessary to put the case into
perspective. The second
quarter of the workshop will
begin once the University
Board of Trustees has made
final disposition of the case.
The first class meeting will
be Thursday evening at 7:30
p.m. in the Tresidder Large
Lounge. Instructors urge
anyone interested in enrolling
in the course—or merely in
discussing the issues—to
attend.
A two quarter class
entitled "Unrest In The
Academy—The Case Of Bruce
Franklin" will be offered
through SWOPSI beginning
this fall. Attempting to study
the awakening of political
consciousness in the
University, the class (SWOPSI
111) will look at the Franklin
case as an example of the
conflict between political
claims and academic
performance.
This quarter, the class will
do legal and historical
background research
necessary to put the case into
perspective. The second
quarter of the workshop will
begin once the University
Board of Trustees has made
final disposition of the case.
The first class meeting will
be Thursday evening at 7:30
p.m. in the Tresidder Large
Lounge. Instructors urge
anyone interested in enrolling
in the course—or merely in
discussing the issues—to
attend.
