# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The consensus of opinion among
Daily sports writers rates Joe Pa
looka as a top-heavy favorite to
defeat Pinkney Grimes in their
coming heavyweight title bout.
The consensus of opinion among
Daily sports writers rates Joe Pa
looka as a top-heavy favorite to
defeat Pinkney Grimes in their
coming heavyweight title bout.
The consensus of opinion among
Daily sports writers rates Joe Pa
looka as a top-heavy favorite to
defeat Pinkney Grimes in their
coming heavyweight title bout.
The consensus of opinion among
Daily sports writers rates Joe Pa
looka as a top-heavy favorite to
defeat Pinkney Grimes in their
coming heavyweight title bout.
The consensus of opinion among
Daily sports writers rates Joe Pa
looka as a top-heavy favorite to
defeat Pinkney Grimes in their
coming heavyweight title bout.
The consensus of opinion among
Daily sports writers rates Joe Pa
looka as a top-heavy favorite to
defeat Pinkney Grimes in their
coming heavyweight title bout.
The consensus of opinion among
Daily sports writers rates Joe Pa
looka as a top-heavy favorite to
defeat Pinkney Grimes in their
coming heavyweight title bout.
The consensus of opinion among
Daily sports writers rates Joe Pa
looka as a top-heavy favorite to
defeat Pinkney Grimes in their
coming heavyweight title bout.
The consensus of opinion among
Daily sports writers rates Joe Pa
looka as a top-heavy favorite to
defeat Pinkney Grimes in their
coming heavyweight title bout.
The consensus of opinion among
Daily sports writers rates Joe Pa
looka as a top-heavy favorite to
defeat Pinkney Grimes in their
coming heavyweight title bout.
The consensus of opinion among
Daily sports writers rates Joe Pa
looka as a top-heavy favorite to
defeat Pinkney Grimes in their
coming heavyweight title bout.
The consensus of opinion among
Daily sports writers rates Joe Pa
looka as a top-heavy favorite to
defeat Pinkney Grimes in their
coming heavyweight title bout.
The consensus of opinion among
Daily sports writers rates Joe Pa
looka as a top-heavy favorite to
defeat Pinkney Grimes in their
coming heavyweight title bout.
The consensus of opinion among
Daily sports writers rates Joe Pa
looka as a top-heavy favorite to
defeat Pinkney Grimes in their
coming heavyweight title bout.
The consensus of opinion among
Daily sports writers rates Joe Pa
looka as a top-heavy favorite to
defeat Pinkney Grimes in their
coming heavyweight title bout.
