# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Beta Theta Pi announces the en
gagement of Gene Martin. '49, to
T oy an Anderson of Whit tier Col
lege.
Beta Theta Pi announces the en
gagement of Gene Martin. '49, to
T oy an Anderson of Whit tier Col
lege.
Beta Theta Pi announces the en
gagement of Gene Martin. '49, to
T oy an Anderson of Whit tier Col
lege.
Beta Theta Pi announces the en
gagement of Gene Martin. '49, to
T oy an Anderson of Whit tier Col
lege.
Beta Theta Pi announces the en
gagement of Gene Martin. '49, to
T oy an Anderson of Whit tier Col
lege.
Beta Theta Pi announces the en
gagement of Gene Martin. '49, to
T oy an Anderson of Whit tier Col
lege.
Beta Theta Pi announces the en
gagement of Gene Martin. '49, to
T oy an Anderson of Whit tier Col
lege.
Beta Theta Pi announces the en
gagement of Gene Martin. '49, to
T oy an Anderson of Whit tier Col
lege.
Beta Theta Pi announces the en
gagement of Gene Martin. '49, to
T oy an Anderson of Whit tier Col
lege.
Beta Theta Pi announces the en
gagement of Gene Martin. '49, to
T oy an Anderson of Whit tier Col
lege.
Beta Theta Pi announces the en
gagement of Gene Martin. '49, to
T oy an Anderson of Whit tier Col
lege.
Beta Theta Pi announces the en
gagement of Gene Martin. '49, to
T oy an Anderson of Whit tier Col
lege.
Beta Theta Pi announces the en
gagement of Gene Martin. '49, to
T oy an Anderson of Whit tier Col
lege.
Beta Theta Pi announces the en
gagement of Gene Martin. '49, to
T oy an Anderson of Whit tier Col
lege.
Beta Theta Pi announces the en
gagement of Gene Martin. '49, to
T oy an Anderson of Whit tier Col
lege.
