# HOOVER CONSULTANT
## 
### 
Former President Herbert Hoover
has been asked lor advice in the
proposed streamlining of Califor
nia's governmental structure by As
semblyman James W. Silliman.
Former President Herbert Hoover
has been asked lor advice in the
proposed streamlining of Califor
nia's governmental structure by As
semblyman James W. Silliman.
Former President Herbert Hoover
has been asked lor advice in the
proposed streamlining of Califor
nia's governmental structure by As
semblyman James W. Silliman.
Former President Herbert Hoover
has been asked lor advice in the
proposed streamlining of Califor
nia's governmental structure by As
semblyman James W. Silliman.
Former President Herbert Hoover
has been asked lor advice in the
proposed streamlining of Califor
nia's governmental structure by As
semblyman James W. Silliman.
Former President Herbert Hoover
has been asked lor advice in the
proposed streamlining of Califor
nia's governmental structure by As
semblyman James W. Silliman.
Former President Herbert Hoover
has been asked lor advice in the
proposed streamlining of Califor
nia's governmental structure by As
semblyman James W. Silliman.
Former President Herbert Hoover
has been asked lor advice in the
proposed streamlining of Califor
nia's governmental structure by As
semblyman James W. Silliman.
Former President Herbert Hoover
has been asked lor advice in the
proposed streamlining of Califor
nia's governmental structure by As
semblyman James W. Silliman.
Former President Herbert Hoover
has been asked lor advice in the
proposed streamlining of Califor
nia's governmental structure by As
semblyman James W. Silliman.
Former President Herbert Hoover
has been asked lor advice in the
proposed streamlining of Califor
nia's governmental structure by As
semblyman James W. Silliman.
Former President Herbert Hoover
has been asked lor advice in the
proposed streamlining of Califor
nia's governmental structure by As
semblyman James W. Silliman.
Former President Herbert Hoover
has been asked lor advice in the
proposed streamlining of Califor
nia's governmental structure by As
semblyman James W. Silliman.
Former President Herbert Hoover
has been asked lor advice in the
proposed streamlining of Califor
nia's governmental structure by As
semblyman James W. Silliman.
Former President Herbert Hoover
has been asked lor advice in the
proposed streamlining of Califor
nia's governmental structure by As
semblyman James W. Silliman.
