# Few S.C. Tilt Tickets Sold
## 
### 
A good public attendance but poor
student response for 1 lie Southern
California football game October 27
was indicated following the first day's
ticket sale yesterday in a statement
last night by Al Masters, Board of
Athletic Control general manager.
Rooters' tickets will remain on sale
in the ticket booth located in the
lobby of the B. A. C. from 9 to 5
o'clock every day until Friday, it.
was announced.
The sale will positively close
Friday, Masters said, because w
will be necessary for (lie Rally
Committee to have definite knowd
edge as to the size of the rooting
section so it can complete plans for
card stunts.
Only 181 men and 87 women pur
chased rooters' cards at yesterday's
sale, but Masters indicated he ex
pects a much greater response dur
ing the remainder of the sale.
Student tickets to the game sell for
$1.10.
A good public attendance but poor
student response for 1 lie Southern
California football game October 27
was indicated following the first day's
ticket sale yesterday in a statement
last night by Al Masters, Board of
Athletic Control general manager.
Rooters' tickets will remain on sale
in the ticket booth located in the
lobby of the B. A. C. from 9 to 5
o'clock every day until Friday, it.
was announced.
The sale will positively close
Friday, Masters said, because w
will be necessary for (lie Rally
Committee to have definite knowd
edge as to the size of the rooting
section so it can complete plans for
card stunts.
Only 181 men and 87 women pur
chased rooters' cards at yesterday's
sale, but Masters indicated he ex
pects a much greater response dur
ing the remainder of the sale.
Student tickets to the game sell for
$1.10.
A good public attendance but poor
student response for 1 lie Southern
California football game October 27
was indicated following the first day's
ticket sale yesterday in a statement
last night by Al Masters, Board of
Athletic Control general manager.
Rooters' tickets will remain on sale
in the ticket booth located in the
lobby of the B. A. C. from 9 to 5
o'clock every day until Friday, it.
was announced.
The sale will positively close
Friday, Masters said, because w
will be necessary for (lie Rally
Committee to have definite knowd
edge as to the size of the rooting
section so it can complete plans for
card stunts.
Only 181 men and 87 women pur
chased rooters' cards at yesterday's
sale, but Masters indicated he ex
pects a much greater response dur
ing the remainder of the sale.
Student tickets to the game sell for
$1.10.
A good public attendance but poor
student response for 1 lie Southern
California football game October 27
was indicated following the first day's
ticket sale yesterday in a statement
last night by Al Masters, Board of
Athletic Control general manager.
Rooters' tickets will remain on sale
in the ticket booth located in the
lobby of the B. A. C. from 9 to 5
o'clock every day until Friday, it.
was announced.
The sale will positively close
Friday, Masters said, because w
will be necessary for (lie Rally
Committee to have definite knowd
edge as to the size of the rooting
section so it can complete plans for
card stunts.
Only 181 men and 87 women pur
chased rooters' cards at yesterday's
sale, but Masters indicated he ex
pects a much greater response dur
ing the remainder of the sale.
Student tickets to the game sell for
$1.10.
A good public attendance but poor
student response for 1 lie Southern
California football game October 27
was indicated following the first day's
ticket sale yesterday in a statement
last night by Al Masters, Board of
Athletic Control general manager.
Rooters' tickets will remain on sale
in the ticket booth located in the
lobby of the B. A. C. from 9 to 5
o'clock every day until Friday, it.
was announced.
The sale will positively close
Friday, Masters said, because w
will be necessary for (lie Rally
Committee to have definite knowd
edge as to the size of the rooting
section so it can complete plans for
card stunts.
Only 181 men and 87 women pur
chased rooters' cards at yesterday's
sale, but Masters indicated he ex
pects a much greater response dur
ing the remainder of the sale.
Student tickets to the game sell for
$1.10.
A good public attendance but poor
student response for 1 lie Southern
California football game October 27
was indicated following the first day's
ticket sale yesterday in a statement
last night by Al Masters, Board of
Athletic Control general manager.
Rooters' tickets will remain on sale
in the ticket booth located in the
lobby of the B. A. C. from 9 to 5
o'clock every day until Friday, it.
was announced.
The sale will positively close
Friday, Masters said, because w
will be necessary for (lie Rally
Committee to have definite knowd
edge as to the size of the rooting
section so it can complete plans for
card stunts.
Only 181 men and 87 women pur
chased rooters' cards at yesterday's
sale, but Masters indicated he ex
pects a much greater response dur
ing the remainder of the sale.
Student tickets to the game sell for
$1.10.
A good public attendance but poor
student response for 1 lie Southern
California football game October 27
was indicated following the first day's
ticket sale yesterday in a statement
last night by Al Masters, Board of
Athletic Control general manager.
Rooters' tickets will remain on sale
in the ticket booth located in the
lobby of the B. A. C. from 9 to 5
o'clock every day until Friday, it.
was announced.
The sale will positively close
Friday, Masters said, because w
will be necessary for (lie Rally
Committee to have definite knowd
edge as to the size of the rooting
section so it can complete plans for
card stunts.
Only 181 men and 87 women pur
chased rooters' cards at yesterday's
sale, but Masters indicated he ex
pects a much greater response dur
ing the remainder of the sale.
Student tickets to the game sell for
$1.10.
A good public attendance but poor
student response for 1 lie Southern
California football game October 27
was indicated following the first day's
ticket sale yesterday in a statement
last night by Al Masters, Board of
Athletic Control general manager.
Rooters' tickets will remain on sale
in the ticket booth located in the
lobby of the B. A. C. from 9 to 5
o'clock every day until Friday, it.
was announced.
The sale will positively close
Friday, Masters said, because w
will be necessary for (lie Rally
Committee to have definite knowd
edge as to the size of the rooting
section so it can complete plans for
card stunts.
Only 181 men and 87 women pur
chased rooters' cards at yesterday's
sale, but Masters indicated he ex
pects a much greater response dur
ing the remainder of the sale.
Student tickets to the game sell for
$1.10.
A good public attendance but poor
student response for 1 lie Southern
California football game October 27
was indicated following the first day's
ticket sale yesterday in a statement
last night by Al Masters, Board of
Athletic Control general manager.
Rooters' tickets will remain on sale
in the ticket booth located in the
lobby of the B. A. C. from 9 to 5
o'clock every day until Friday, it.
was announced.
The sale will positively close
Friday, Masters said, because w
will be necessary for (lie Rally
Committee to have definite knowd
edge as to the size of the rooting
section so it can complete plans for
card stunts.
Only 181 men and 87 women pur
chased rooters' cards at yesterday's
sale, but Masters indicated he ex
pects a much greater response dur
ing the remainder of the sale.
Student tickets to the game sell for
$1.10.
A good public attendance but poor
student response for 1 lie Southern
California football game October 27
was indicated following the first day's
ticket sale yesterday in a statement
last night by Al Masters, Board of
Athletic Control general manager.
Rooters' tickets will remain on sale
in the ticket booth located in the
lobby of the B. A. C. from 9 to 5
o'clock every day until Friday, it.
was announced.
The sale will positively close
Friday, Masters said, because w
will be necessary for (lie Rally
Committee to have definite knowd
edge as to the size of the rooting
section so it can complete plans for
card stunts.
Only 181 men and 87 women pur
chased rooters' cards at yesterday's
sale, but Masters indicated he ex
pects a much greater response dur
ing the remainder of the sale.
Student tickets to the game sell for
$1.10.
A good public attendance but poor
student response for 1 lie Southern
California football game October 27
was indicated following the first day's
ticket sale yesterday in a statement
last night by Al Masters, Board of
Athletic Control general manager.
Rooters' tickets will remain on sale
in the ticket booth located in the
lobby of the B. A. C. from 9 to 5
o'clock every day until Friday, it.
was announced.
The sale will positively close
Friday, Masters said, because w
will be necessary for (lie Rally
Committee to have definite knowd
edge as to the size of the rooting
section so it can complete plans for
card stunts.
Only 181 men and 87 women pur
chased rooters' cards at yesterday's
sale, but Masters indicated he ex
pects a much greater response dur
ing the remainder of the sale.
Student tickets to the game sell for
$1.10.
A good public attendance but poor
student response for 1 lie Southern
California football game October 27
was indicated following the first day's
ticket sale yesterday in a statement
last night by Al Masters, Board of
Athletic Control general manager.
Rooters' tickets will remain on sale
in the ticket booth located in the
lobby of the B. A. C. from 9 to 5
o'clock every day until Friday, it.
was announced.
The sale will positively close
Friday, Masters said, because w
will be necessary for (lie Rally
Committee to have definite knowd
edge as to the size of the rooting
section so it can complete plans for
card stunts.
Only 181 men and 87 women pur
chased rooters' cards at yesterday's
sale, but Masters indicated he ex
pects a much greater response dur
ing the remainder of the sale.
Student tickets to the game sell for
$1.10.
A good public attendance but poor
student response for 1 lie Southern
California football game October 27
was indicated following the first day's
ticket sale yesterday in a statement
last night by Al Masters, Board of
Athletic Control general manager.
Rooters' tickets will remain on sale
in the ticket booth located in the
lobby of the B. A. C. from 9 to 5
o'clock every day until Friday, it.
was announced.
The sale will positively close
Friday, Masters said, because w
will be necessary for (lie Rally
Committee to have definite knowd
edge as to the size of the rooting
section so it can complete plans for
card stunts.
Only 181 men and 87 women pur
chased rooters' cards at yesterday's
sale, but Masters indicated he ex
pects a much greater response dur
ing the remainder of the sale.
Student tickets to the game sell for
$1.10.
A good public attendance but poor
student response for 1 lie Southern
California football game October 27
was indicated following the first day's
ticket sale yesterday in a statement
last night by Al Masters, Board of
Athletic Control general manager.
Rooters' tickets will remain on sale
in the ticket booth located in the
lobby of the B. A. C. from 9 to 5
o'clock every day until Friday, it.
was announced.
The sale will positively close
Friday, Masters said, because w
will be necessary for (lie Rally
Committee to have definite knowd
edge as to the size of the rooting
section so it can complete plans for
card stunts.
Only 181 men and 87 women pur
chased rooters' cards at yesterday's
sale, but Masters indicated he ex
pects a much greater response dur
ing the remainder of the sale.
Student tickets to the game sell for
$1.10.
A good public attendance but poor
student response for 1 lie Southern
California football game October 27
was indicated following the first day's
ticket sale yesterday in a statement
last night by Al Masters, Board of
Athletic Control general manager.
Rooters' tickets will remain on sale
in the ticket booth located in the
lobby of the B. A. C. from 9 to 5
o'clock every day until Friday, it.
was announced.
The sale will positively close
Friday, Masters said, because w
will be necessary for (lie Rally
Committee to have definite knowd
edge as to the size of the rooting
section so it can complete plans for
card stunts.
Only 181 men and 87 women pur
chased rooters' cards at yesterday's
sale, but Masters indicated he ex
pects a much greater response dur
ing the remainder of the sale.
Student tickets to the game sell for
$1.10.
