# ASKS REWARD
## 
### 

A share of the $25,000 reward of
fered by the New Jersey legisla
ture for information leading to the
arrest of the Lindbergh baby kid
napper was claimed by William 1!.
Strong (above), a New York bank
teller who claimed lie detected a
$10 gold note which led to the ar
rest of Bruno Richard Hauptmann.
(A.P. photo)

A share of the $25,000 reward of
fered by the New Jersey legisla
ture for information leading to the
arrest of the Lindbergh baby kid
napper was claimed by William 1!.
Strong (above), a New York bank
teller who claimed lie detected a
$10 gold note which led to the ar
rest of Bruno Richard Hauptmann.
(A.P. photo)

A share of the $25,000 reward of
fered by the New Jersey legisla
ture for information leading to the
arrest of the Lindbergh baby kid
napper was claimed by William 1!.
Strong (above), a New York bank
teller who claimed lie detected a
$10 gold note which led to the ar
rest of Bruno Richard Hauptmann.
(A.P. photo)

A share of the $25,000 reward of
fered by the New Jersey legisla
ture for information leading to the
arrest of the Lindbergh baby kid
napper was claimed by William 1!.
Strong (above), a New York bank
teller who claimed lie detected a
$10 gold note which led to the ar
rest of Bruno Richard Hauptmann.
(A.P. photo)

A share of the $25,000 reward of
fered by the New Jersey legisla
ture for information leading to the
arrest of the Lindbergh baby kid
napper was claimed by William 1!.
Strong (above), a New York bank
teller who claimed lie detected a
$10 gold note which led to the ar
rest of Bruno Richard Hauptmann.
(A.P. photo)

A share of the $25,000 reward of
fered by the New Jersey legisla
ture for information leading to the
arrest of the Lindbergh baby kid
napper was claimed by William 1!.
Strong (above), a New York bank
teller who claimed lie detected a
$10 gold note which led to the ar
rest of Bruno Richard Hauptmann.
(A.P. photo)

A share of the $25,000 reward of
fered by the New Jersey legisla
ture for information leading to the
arrest of the Lindbergh baby kid
napper was claimed by William 1!.
Strong (above), a New York bank
teller who claimed lie detected a
$10 gold note which led to the ar
rest of Bruno Richard Hauptmann.
(A.P. photo)

A share of the $25,000 reward of
fered by the New Jersey legisla
ture for information leading to the
arrest of the Lindbergh baby kid
napper was claimed by William 1!.
Strong (above), a New York bank
teller who claimed lie detected a
$10 gold note which led to the ar
rest of Bruno Richard Hauptmann.
(A.P. photo)

A share of the $25,000 reward of
fered by the New Jersey legisla
ture for information leading to the
arrest of the Lindbergh baby kid
napper was claimed by William 1!.
Strong (above), a New York bank
teller who claimed lie detected a
$10 gold note which led to the ar
rest of Bruno Richard Hauptmann.
(A.P. photo)

A share of the $25,000 reward of
fered by the New Jersey legisla
ture for information leading to the
arrest of the Lindbergh baby kid
napper was claimed by William 1!.
Strong (above), a New York bank
teller who claimed lie detected a
$10 gold note which led to the ar
rest of Bruno Richard Hauptmann.
(A.P. photo)

A share of the $25,000 reward of
fered by the New Jersey legisla
ture for information leading to the
arrest of the Lindbergh baby kid
napper was claimed by William 1!.
Strong (above), a New York bank
teller who claimed lie detected a
$10 gold note which led to the ar
rest of Bruno Richard Hauptmann.
(A.P. photo)

A share of the $25,000 reward of
fered by the New Jersey legisla
ture for information leading to the
arrest of the Lindbergh baby kid
napper was claimed by William 1!.
Strong (above), a New York bank
teller who claimed lie detected a
$10 gold note which led to the ar
rest of Bruno Richard Hauptmann.
(A.P. photo)

A share of the $25,000 reward of
fered by the New Jersey legisla
ture for information leading to the
arrest of the Lindbergh baby kid
napper was claimed by William 1!.
Strong (above), a New York bank
teller who claimed lie detected a
$10 gold note which led to the ar
rest of Bruno Richard Hauptmann.
(A.P. photo)

A share of the $25,000 reward of
fered by the New Jersey legisla
ture for information leading to the
arrest of the Lindbergh baby kid
napper was claimed by William 1!.
Strong (above), a New York bank
teller who claimed lie detected a
$10 gold note which led to the ar
rest of Bruno Richard Hauptmann.
(A.P. photo)

A share of the $25,000 reward of
fered by the New Jersey legisla
ture for information leading to the
arrest of the Lindbergh baby kid
napper was claimed by William 1!.
Strong (above), a New York bank
teller who claimed lie detected a
$10 gold note which led to the ar
rest of Bruno Richard Hauptmann.
(A.P. photo)
