# Reinhardt Chooses Cast For "Lover's Caprice"
## 
### 
Following the tryouts held Mom
day evening, Dr. Kurt Frank Rein
hardt, professor of German, picked
Ihe cast for the production of the
first of two plays, which he will di
rect this autumn and produce early
in December, "The Lover's Caprice,"
by Goethe.
The leading role of Amine has been
awarded to Annelie Morgan. Fran
cisca Warm eke enacts the character
of Egle, Neil Ruge fills the part of
Eridon, and Cedric Larson takes the
character of Lamon,
Following the tryouts held Mom
day evening, Dr. Kurt Frank Rein
hardt, professor of German, picked
Ihe cast for the production of the
first of two plays, which he will di
rect this autumn and produce early
in December, "The Lover's Caprice,"
by Goethe.
The leading role of Amine has been
awarded to Annelie Morgan. Fran
cisca Warm eke enacts the character
of Egle, Neil Ruge fills the part of
Eridon, and Cedric Larson takes the
character of Lamon,
Following the tryouts held Mom
day evening, Dr. Kurt Frank Rein
hardt, professor of German, picked
Ihe cast for the production of the
first of two plays, which he will di
rect this autumn and produce early
in December, "The Lover's Caprice,"
by Goethe.
The leading role of Amine has been
awarded to Annelie Morgan. Fran
cisca Warm eke enacts the character
of Egle, Neil Ruge fills the part of
Eridon, and Cedric Larson takes the
character of Lamon,
Following the tryouts held Mom
day evening, Dr. Kurt Frank Rein
hardt, professor of German, picked
Ihe cast for the production of the
first of two plays, which he will di
rect this autumn and produce early
in December, "The Lover's Caprice,"
by Goethe.
The leading role of Amine has been
awarded to Annelie Morgan. Fran
cisca Warm eke enacts the character
of Egle, Neil Ruge fills the part of
Eridon, and Cedric Larson takes the
character of Lamon,
Following the tryouts held Mom
day evening, Dr. Kurt Frank Rein
hardt, professor of German, picked
Ihe cast for the production of the
first of two plays, which he will di
rect this autumn and produce early
in December, "The Lover's Caprice,"
by Goethe.
The leading role of Amine has been
awarded to Annelie Morgan. Fran
cisca Warm eke enacts the character
of Egle, Neil Ruge fills the part of
Eridon, and Cedric Larson takes the
character of Lamon,
Following the tryouts held Mom
day evening, Dr. Kurt Frank Rein
hardt, professor of German, picked
Ihe cast for the production of the
first of two plays, which he will di
rect this autumn and produce early
in December, "The Lover's Caprice,"
by Goethe.
The leading role of Amine has been
awarded to Annelie Morgan. Fran
cisca Warm eke enacts the character
of Egle, Neil Ruge fills the part of
Eridon, and Cedric Larson takes the
character of Lamon,
Following the tryouts held Mom
day evening, Dr. Kurt Frank Rein
hardt, professor of German, picked
Ihe cast for the production of the
first of two plays, which he will di
rect this autumn and produce early
in December, "The Lover's Caprice,"
by Goethe.
The leading role of Amine has been
awarded to Annelie Morgan. Fran
cisca Warm eke enacts the character
of Egle, Neil Ruge fills the part of
Eridon, and Cedric Larson takes the
character of Lamon,
Following the tryouts held Mom
day evening, Dr. Kurt Frank Rein
hardt, professor of German, picked
Ihe cast for the production of the
first of two plays, which he will di
rect this autumn and produce early
in December, "The Lover's Caprice,"
by Goethe.
The leading role of Amine has been
awarded to Annelie Morgan. Fran
cisca Warm eke enacts the character
of Egle, Neil Ruge fills the part of
Eridon, and Cedric Larson takes the
character of Lamon,
Following the tryouts held Mom
day evening, Dr. Kurt Frank Rein
hardt, professor of German, picked
Ihe cast for the production of the
first of two plays, which he will di
rect this autumn and produce early
in December, "The Lover's Caprice,"
by Goethe.
The leading role of Amine has been
awarded to Annelie Morgan. Fran
cisca Warm eke enacts the character
of Egle, Neil Ruge fills the part of
Eridon, and Cedric Larson takes the
character of Lamon,
Following the tryouts held Mom
day evening, Dr. Kurt Frank Rein
hardt, professor of German, picked
Ihe cast for the production of the
first of two plays, which he will di
rect this autumn and produce early
in December, "The Lover's Caprice,"
by Goethe.
The leading role of Amine has been
awarded to Annelie Morgan. Fran
cisca Warm eke enacts the character
of Egle, Neil Ruge fills the part of
Eridon, and Cedric Larson takes the
character of Lamon,
Following the tryouts held Mom
day evening, Dr. Kurt Frank Rein
hardt, professor of German, picked
Ihe cast for the production of the
first of two plays, which he will di
rect this autumn and produce early
in December, "The Lover's Caprice,"
by Goethe.
The leading role of Amine has been
awarded to Annelie Morgan. Fran
cisca Warm eke enacts the character
of Egle, Neil Ruge fills the part of
Eridon, and Cedric Larson takes the
character of Lamon,
Following the tryouts held Mom
day evening, Dr. Kurt Frank Rein
hardt, professor of German, picked
Ihe cast for the production of the
first of two plays, which he will di
rect this autumn and produce early
in December, "The Lover's Caprice,"
by Goethe.
The leading role of Amine has been
awarded to Annelie Morgan. Fran
cisca Warm eke enacts the character
of Egle, Neil Ruge fills the part of
Eridon, and Cedric Larson takes the
character of Lamon,
Following the tryouts held Mom
day evening, Dr. Kurt Frank Rein
hardt, professor of German, picked
Ihe cast for the production of the
first of two plays, which he will di
rect this autumn and produce early
in December, "The Lover's Caprice,"
by Goethe.
The leading role of Amine has been
awarded to Annelie Morgan. Fran
cisca Warm eke enacts the character
of Egle, Neil Ruge fills the part of
Eridon, and Cedric Larson takes the
character of Lamon,
Following the tryouts held Mom
day evening, Dr. Kurt Frank Rein
hardt, professor of German, picked
Ihe cast for the production of the
first of two plays, which he will di
rect this autumn and produce early
in December, "The Lover's Caprice,"
by Goethe.
The leading role of Amine has been
awarded to Annelie Morgan. Fran
cisca Warm eke enacts the character
of Egle, Neil Ruge fills the part of
Eridon, and Cedric Larson takes the
character of Lamon,
Following the tryouts held Mom
day evening, Dr. Kurt Frank Rein
hardt, professor of German, picked
Ihe cast for the production of the
first of two plays, which he will di
rect this autumn and produce early
in December, "The Lover's Caprice,"
by Goethe.
The leading role of Amine has been
awarded to Annelie Morgan. Fran
cisca Warm eke enacts the character
of Egle, Neil Ruge fills the part of
Eridon, and Cedric Larson takes the
character of Lamon,
