# ENGINEERING BODY ACCEPTED BY TAU BETA PI AT MEET
## 
### 
Due largely to the petitioning of
former President Herbert Hoover,
his brother Dean Hoover, and many
distinguished members of the Stan
ford engineering faculty, the local
honorary engineering fraternity, Ep
silon Eta Sigma, has been accepted
by Tau Beta Pi, national engineering
organization. This information was
received yesterday by the local chap
ter from Paul Lebenbaum, Stanford
delegate to the annual engineering
conclave, which was held last Sat
urday, October 13, at Columbia Uni
versity in New York.
Lebenbaum also states that he is to
return to the campus in the near
future, where he will no doubt be
able to discuss, in full, high lights of
the convention.
Present officers of the organization
who have aided in boosting it to its
present nationally recognized stand
ing are Richard Hattrup, president;
Francis Rogallo, vice-president; and
Robert Ingebreten, secretary-treas
urer.
Co-eds at the University of Min
nesota are fined $10 for wearing a
fraternity pin.
Due largely to the petitioning of
former President Herbert Hoover,
his brother Dean Hoover, and many
distinguished members of the Stan
ford engineering faculty, the local
honorary engineering fraternity, Ep
silon Eta Sigma, has been accepted
by Tau Beta Pi, national engineering
organization. This information was
received yesterday by the local chap
ter from Paul Lebenbaum, Stanford
delegate to the annual engineering
conclave, which was held last Sat
urday, October 13, at Columbia Uni
versity in New York.
Lebenbaum also states that he is to
return to the campus in the near
future, where he will no doubt be
able to discuss, in full, high lights of
the convention.
Present officers of the organization
who have aided in boosting it to its
present nationally recognized stand
ing are Richard Hattrup, president;
Francis Rogallo, vice-president; and
Robert Ingebreten, secretary-treas
urer.
Co-eds at the University of Min
nesota are fined $10 for wearing a
fraternity pin.
Due largely to the petitioning of
former President Herbert Hoover,
his brother Dean Hoover, and many
distinguished members of the Stan
ford engineering faculty, the local
honorary engineering fraternity, Ep
silon Eta Sigma, has been accepted
by Tau Beta Pi, national engineering
organization. This information was
received yesterday by the local chap
ter from Paul Lebenbaum, Stanford
delegate to the annual engineering
conclave, which was held last Sat
urday, October 13, at Columbia Uni
versity in New York.
Lebenbaum also states that he is to
return to the campus in the near
future, where he will no doubt be
able to discuss, in full, high lights of
the convention.
Present officers of the organization
who have aided in boosting it to its
present nationally recognized stand
ing are Richard Hattrup, president;
Francis Rogallo, vice-president; and
Robert Ingebreten, secretary-treas
urer.
Co-eds at the University of Min
nesota are fined $10 for wearing a
fraternity pin.
Due largely to the petitioning of
former President Herbert Hoover,
his brother Dean Hoover, and many
distinguished members of the Stan
ford engineering faculty, the local
honorary engineering fraternity, Ep
silon Eta Sigma, has been accepted
by Tau Beta Pi, national engineering
organization. This information was
received yesterday by the local chap
ter from Paul Lebenbaum, Stanford
delegate to the annual engineering
conclave, which was held last Sat
urday, October 13, at Columbia Uni
versity in New York.
Lebenbaum also states that he is to
return to the campus in the near
future, where he will no doubt be
able to discuss, in full, high lights of
the convention.
Present officers of the organization
who have aided in boosting it to its
present nationally recognized stand
ing are Richard Hattrup, president;
Francis Rogallo, vice-president; and
Robert Ingebreten, secretary-treas
urer.
Co-eds at the University of Min
nesota are fined $10 for wearing a
fraternity pin.
Due largely to the petitioning of
former President Herbert Hoover,
his brother Dean Hoover, and many
distinguished members of the Stan
ford engineering faculty, the local
honorary engineering fraternity, Ep
silon Eta Sigma, has been accepted
by Tau Beta Pi, national engineering
organization. This information was
received yesterday by the local chap
ter from Paul Lebenbaum, Stanford
delegate to the annual engineering
conclave, which was held last Sat
urday, October 13, at Columbia Uni
versity in New York.
Lebenbaum also states that he is to
return to the campus in the near
future, where he will no doubt be
able to discuss, in full, high lights of
the convention.
Present officers of the organization
who have aided in boosting it to its
present nationally recognized stand
ing are Richard Hattrup, president;
Francis Rogallo, vice-president; and
Robert Ingebreten, secretary-treas
urer.
Co-eds at the University of Min
nesota are fined $10 for wearing a
fraternity pin.
Due largely to the petitioning of
former President Herbert Hoover,
his brother Dean Hoover, and many
distinguished members of the Stan
ford engineering faculty, the local
honorary engineering fraternity, Ep
silon Eta Sigma, has been accepted
by Tau Beta Pi, national engineering
organization. This information was
received yesterday by the local chap
ter from Paul Lebenbaum, Stanford
delegate to the annual engineering
conclave, which was held last Sat
urday, October 13, at Columbia Uni
versity in New York.
Lebenbaum also states that he is to
return to the campus in the near
future, where he will no doubt be
able to discuss, in full, high lights of
the convention.
Present officers of the organization
who have aided in boosting it to its
present nationally recognized stand
ing are Richard Hattrup, president;
Francis Rogallo, vice-president; and
Robert Ingebreten, secretary-treas
urer.
Co-eds at the University of Min
nesota are fined $10 for wearing a
fraternity pin.
Due largely to the petitioning of
former President Herbert Hoover,
his brother Dean Hoover, and many
distinguished members of the Stan
ford engineering faculty, the local
honorary engineering fraternity, Ep
silon Eta Sigma, has been accepted
by Tau Beta Pi, national engineering
organization. This information was
received yesterday by the local chap
ter from Paul Lebenbaum, Stanford
delegate to the annual engineering
conclave, which was held last Sat
urday, October 13, at Columbia Uni
versity in New York.
Lebenbaum also states that he is to
return to the campus in the near
future, where he will no doubt be
able to discuss, in full, high lights of
the convention.
Present officers of the organization
who have aided in boosting it to its
present nationally recognized stand
ing are Richard Hattrup, president;
Francis Rogallo, vice-president; and
Robert Ingebreten, secretary-treas
urer.
Co-eds at the University of Min
nesota are fined $10 for wearing a
fraternity pin.
Due largely to the petitioning of
former President Herbert Hoover,
his brother Dean Hoover, and many
distinguished members of the Stan
ford engineering faculty, the local
honorary engineering fraternity, Ep
silon Eta Sigma, has been accepted
by Tau Beta Pi, national engineering
organization. This information was
received yesterday by the local chap
ter from Paul Lebenbaum, Stanford
delegate to the annual engineering
conclave, which was held last Sat
urday, October 13, at Columbia Uni
versity in New York.
Lebenbaum also states that he is to
return to the campus in the near
future, where he will no doubt be
able to discuss, in full, high lights of
the convention.
Present officers of the organization
who have aided in boosting it to its
present nationally recognized stand
ing are Richard Hattrup, president;
Francis Rogallo, vice-president; and
Robert Ingebreten, secretary-treas
urer.
Co-eds at the University of Min
nesota are fined $10 for wearing a
fraternity pin.
Due largely to the petitioning of
former President Herbert Hoover,
his brother Dean Hoover, and many
distinguished members of the Stan
ford engineering faculty, the local
honorary engineering fraternity, Ep
silon Eta Sigma, has been accepted
by Tau Beta Pi, national engineering
organization. This information was
received yesterday by the local chap
ter from Paul Lebenbaum, Stanford
delegate to the annual engineering
conclave, which was held last Sat
urday, October 13, at Columbia Uni
versity in New York.
Lebenbaum also states that he is to
return to the campus in the near
future, where he will no doubt be
able to discuss, in full, high lights of
the convention.
Present officers of the organization
who have aided in boosting it to its
present nationally recognized stand
ing are Richard Hattrup, president;
Francis Rogallo, vice-president; and
Robert Ingebreten, secretary-treas
urer.
Co-eds at the University of Min
nesota are fined $10 for wearing a
fraternity pin.
Due largely to the petitioning of
former President Herbert Hoover,
his brother Dean Hoover, and many
distinguished members of the Stan
ford engineering faculty, the local
honorary engineering fraternity, Ep
silon Eta Sigma, has been accepted
by Tau Beta Pi, national engineering
organization. This information was
received yesterday by the local chap
ter from Paul Lebenbaum, Stanford
delegate to the annual engineering
conclave, which was held last Sat
urday, October 13, at Columbia Uni
versity in New York.
Lebenbaum also states that he is to
return to the campus in the near
future, where he will no doubt be
able to discuss, in full, high lights of
the convention.
Present officers of the organization
who have aided in boosting it to its
present nationally recognized stand
ing are Richard Hattrup, president;
Francis Rogallo, vice-president; and
Robert Ingebreten, secretary-treas
urer.
Co-eds at the University of Min
nesota are fined $10 for wearing a
fraternity pin.
Due largely to the petitioning of
former President Herbert Hoover,
his brother Dean Hoover, and many
distinguished members of the Stan
ford engineering faculty, the local
honorary engineering fraternity, Ep
silon Eta Sigma, has been accepted
by Tau Beta Pi, national engineering
organization. This information was
received yesterday by the local chap
ter from Paul Lebenbaum, Stanford
delegate to the annual engineering
conclave, which was held last Sat
urday, October 13, at Columbia Uni
versity in New York.
Lebenbaum also states that he is to
return to the campus in the near
future, where he will no doubt be
able to discuss, in full, high lights of
the convention.
Present officers of the organization
who have aided in boosting it to its
present nationally recognized stand
ing are Richard Hattrup, president;
Francis Rogallo, vice-president; and
Robert Ingebreten, secretary-treas
urer.
Co-eds at the University of Min
nesota are fined $10 for wearing a
fraternity pin.
Due largely to the petitioning of
former President Herbert Hoover,
his brother Dean Hoover, and many
distinguished members of the Stan
ford engineering faculty, the local
honorary engineering fraternity, Ep
silon Eta Sigma, has been accepted
by Tau Beta Pi, national engineering
organization. This information was
received yesterday by the local chap
ter from Paul Lebenbaum, Stanford
delegate to the annual engineering
conclave, which was held last Sat
urday, October 13, at Columbia Uni
versity in New York.
Lebenbaum also states that he is to
return to the campus in the near
future, where he will no doubt be
able to discuss, in full, high lights of
the convention.
Present officers of the organization
who have aided in boosting it to its
present nationally recognized stand
ing are Richard Hattrup, president;
Francis Rogallo, vice-president; and
Robert Ingebreten, secretary-treas
urer.
Co-eds at the University of Min
nesota are fined $10 for wearing a
fraternity pin.
Due largely to the petitioning of
former President Herbert Hoover,
his brother Dean Hoover, and many
distinguished members of the Stan
ford engineering faculty, the local
honorary engineering fraternity, Ep
silon Eta Sigma, has been accepted
by Tau Beta Pi, national engineering
organization. This information was
received yesterday by the local chap
ter from Paul Lebenbaum, Stanford
delegate to the annual engineering
conclave, which was held last Sat
urday, October 13, at Columbia Uni
versity in New York.
Lebenbaum also states that he is to
return to the campus in the near
future, where he will no doubt be
able to discuss, in full, high lights of
the convention.
Present officers of the organization
who have aided in boosting it to its
present nationally recognized stand
ing are Richard Hattrup, president;
Francis Rogallo, vice-president; and
Robert Ingebreten, secretary-treas
urer.
Co-eds at the University of Min
nesota are fined $10 for wearing a
fraternity pin.
Due largely to the petitioning of
former President Herbert Hoover,
his brother Dean Hoover, and many
distinguished members of the Stan
ford engineering faculty, the local
honorary engineering fraternity, Ep
silon Eta Sigma, has been accepted
by Tau Beta Pi, national engineering
organization. This information was
received yesterday by the local chap
ter from Paul Lebenbaum, Stanford
delegate to the annual engineering
conclave, which was held last Sat
urday, October 13, at Columbia Uni
versity in New York.
Lebenbaum also states that he is to
return to the campus in the near
future, where he will no doubt be
able to discuss, in full, high lights of
the convention.
Present officers of the organization
who have aided in boosting it to its
present nationally recognized stand
ing are Richard Hattrup, president;
Francis Rogallo, vice-president; and
Robert Ingebreten, secretary-treas
urer.
Co-eds at the University of Min
nesota are fined $10 for wearing a
fraternity pin.
Due largely to the petitioning of
former President Herbert Hoover,
his brother Dean Hoover, and many
distinguished members of the Stan
ford engineering faculty, the local
honorary engineering fraternity, Ep
silon Eta Sigma, has been accepted
by Tau Beta Pi, national engineering
organization. This information was
received yesterday by the local chap
ter from Paul Lebenbaum, Stanford
delegate to the annual engineering
conclave, which was held last Sat
urday, October 13, at Columbia Uni
versity in New York.
Lebenbaum also states that he is to
return to the campus in the near
future, where he will no doubt be
able to discuss, in full, high lights of
the convention.
Present officers of the organization
who have aided in boosting it to its
present nationally recognized stand
ing are Richard Hattrup, president;
Francis Rogallo, vice-president; and
Robert Ingebreten, secretary-treas
urer.
Co-eds at the University of Min
nesota are fined $10 for wearing a
fraternity pin.
