# That Record Vault
## 
### 

BILL SEFTON. in this unusual
picture taken at Stanford Stadium,
is shown at the top of the vault
that netted him a new world's
record. The ace pole vaulter of the
Trojans topped the bar at 14 feet
inches on his first leap.

BILL SEFTON. in this unusual
picture taken at Stanford Stadium,
is shown at the top of the vault
that netted him a new world's
record. The ace pole vaulter of the
Trojans topped the bar at 14 feet
inches on his first leap.

BILL SEFTON. in this unusual
picture taken at Stanford Stadium,
is shown at the top of the vault
that netted him a new world's
record. The ace pole vaulter of the
Trojans topped the bar at 14 feet
inches on his first leap.

BILL SEFTON. in this unusual
picture taken at Stanford Stadium,
is shown at the top of the vault
that netted him a new world's
record. The ace pole vaulter of the
Trojans topped the bar at 14 feet
inches on his first leap.

BILL SEFTON. in this unusual
picture taken at Stanford Stadium,
is shown at the top of the vault
that netted him a new world's
record. The ace pole vaulter of the
Trojans topped the bar at 14 feet
inches on his first leap.

BILL SEFTON. in this unusual
picture taken at Stanford Stadium,
is shown at the top of the vault
that netted him a new world's
record. The ace pole vaulter of the
Trojans topped the bar at 14 feet
inches on his first leap.

BILL SEFTON. in this unusual
picture taken at Stanford Stadium,
is shown at the top of the vault
that netted him a new world's
record. The ace pole vaulter of the
Trojans topped the bar at 14 feet
inches on his first leap.

BILL SEFTON. in this unusual
picture taken at Stanford Stadium,
is shown at the top of the vault
that netted him a new world's
record. The ace pole vaulter of the
Trojans topped the bar at 14 feet
inches on his first leap.

BILL SEFTON. in this unusual
picture taken at Stanford Stadium,
is shown at the top of the vault
that netted him a new world's
record. The ace pole vaulter of the
Trojans topped the bar at 14 feet
inches on his first leap.

BILL SEFTON. in this unusual
picture taken at Stanford Stadium,
is shown at the top of the vault
that netted him a new world's
record. The ace pole vaulter of the
Trojans topped the bar at 14 feet
inches on his first leap.

BILL SEFTON. in this unusual
picture taken at Stanford Stadium,
is shown at the top of the vault
that netted him a new world's
record. The ace pole vaulter of the
Trojans topped the bar at 14 feet
inches on his first leap.

BILL SEFTON. in this unusual
picture taken at Stanford Stadium,
is shown at the top of the vault
that netted him a new world's
record. The ace pole vaulter of the
Trojans topped the bar at 14 feet
inches on his first leap.

BILL SEFTON. in this unusual
picture taken at Stanford Stadium,
is shown at the top of the vault
that netted him a new world's
record. The ace pole vaulter of the
Trojans topped the bar at 14 feet
inches on his first leap.

BILL SEFTON. in this unusual
picture taken at Stanford Stadium,
is shown at the top of the vault
that netted him a new world's
record. The ace pole vaulter of the
Trojans topped the bar at 14 feet
inches on his first leap.

BILL SEFTON. in this unusual
picture taken at Stanford Stadium,
is shown at the top of the vault
that netted him a new world's
record. The ace pole vaulter of the
Trojans topped the bar at 14 feet
inches on his first leap.
