# Office Announces Jobs for Summer
## 
### 
Jobs for summer vacation are
available today in the Student Em
ployment Office, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley, director of student
employment.
Counsellors in horsemanship and
Indian craft and a man who holds a
senior Red Cross life-saving certifi
cate are wanted for boys' camps. An
experienced soda fountain man and
two expert bartenders (over 21
years old) are also in demand for
the summer months.
Position as a pharmacist and sev
eral accounting jobs are open for
part-time work now and permanent
work during the summer and there
after. There are openings for sen
ior economics and accounting ma
jors. Summer hashing jobs for men
and women for room and board and
for cash are also available.
