# The 						Stanford Daily SPORTS
## Two Champions Talk Things Over 
### ARCH JENKINS, Sports Editor 

GENE TUNNEY. at left, retired heavyweight boxing champion of the
world, got a few pointers from Donald Budge, tennis star who recent
ly turned professional, when they met recently at Palm Beach, Fla.
Budge will meet Ellsworth Vines, ace racket-.wielder, next Tuesday
night in San Jose.

GENE TUNNEY. at left, retired heavyweight boxing champion of the
world, got a few pointers from Donald Budge, tennis star who recent
ly turned professional, when they met recently at Palm Beach, Fla.
Budge will meet Ellsworth Vines, ace racket-.wielder, next Tuesday
night in San Jose.

GENE TUNNEY. at left, retired heavyweight boxing champion of the
world, got a few pointers from Donald Budge, tennis star who recent
ly turned professional, when they met recently at Palm Beach, Fla.
Budge will meet Ellsworth Vines, ace racket-.wielder, next Tuesday
night in San Jose.

GENE TUNNEY. at left, retired heavyweight boxing champion of the
world, got a few pointers from Donald Budge, tennis star who recent
ly turned professional, when they met recently at Palm Beach, Fla.
Budge will meet Ellsworth Vines, ace racket-.wielder, next Tuesday
night in San Jose.

GENE TUNNEY. at left, retired heavyweight boxing champion of the
world, got a few pointers from Donald Budge, tennis star who recent
ly turned professional, when they met recently at Palm Beach, Fla.
Budge will meet Ellsworth Vines, ace racket-.wielder, next Tuesday
night in San Jose.

GENE TUNNEY. at left, retired heavyweight boxing champion of the
world, got a few pointers from Donald Budge, tennis star who recent
ly turned professional, when they met recently at Palm Beach, Fla.
Budge will meet Ellsworth Vines, ace racket-.wielder, next Tuesday
night in San Jose.

GENE TUNNEY. at left, retired heavyweight boxing champion of the
world, got a few pointers from Donald Budge, tennis star who recent
ly turned professional, when they met recently at Palm Beach, Fla.
Budge will meet Ellsworth Vines, ace racket-.wielder, next Tuesday
night in San Jose.

GENE TUNNEY. at left, retired heavyweight boxing champion of the
world, got a few pointers from Donald Budge, tennis star who recent
ly turned professional, when they met recently at Palm Beach, Fla.
Budge will meet Ellsworth Vines, ace racket-.wielder, next Tuesday
night in San Jose.

GENE TUNNEY. at left, retired heavyweight boxing champion of the
world, got a few pointers from Donald Budge, tennis star who recent
ly turned professional, when they met recently at Palm Beach, Fla.
Budge will meet Ellsworth Vines, ace racket-.wielder, next Tuesday
night in San Jose.

GENE TUNNEY. at left, retired heavyweight boxing champion of the
world, got a few pointers from Donald Budge, tennis star who recent
ly turned professional, when they met recently at Palm Beach, Fla.
Budge will meet Ellsworth Vines, ace racket-.wielder, next Tuesday
night in San Jose.

GENE TUNNEY. at left, retired heavyweight boxing champion of the
world, got a few pointers from Donald Budge, tennis star who recent
ly turned professional, when they met recently at Palm Beach, Fla.
Budge will meet Ellsworth Vines, ace racket-.wielder, next Tuesday
night in San Jose.

GENE TUNNEY. at left, retired heavyweight boxing champion of the
world, got a few pointers from Donald Budge, tennis star who recent
ly turned professional, when they met recently at Palm Beach, Fla.
Budge will meet Ellsworth Vines, ace racket-.wielder, next Tuesday
night in San Jose.

GENE TUNNEY. at left, retired heavyweight boxing champion of the
world, got a few pointers from Donald Budge, tennis star who recent
ly turned professional, when they met recently at Palm Beach, Fla.
Budge will meet Ellsworth Vines, ace racket-.wielder, next Tuesday
night in San Jose.

GENE TUNNEY. at left, retired heavyweight boxing champion of the
world, got a few pointers from Donald Budge, tennis star who recent
ly turned professional, when they met recently at Palm Beach, Fla.
Budge will meet Ellsworth Vines, ace racket-.wielder, next Tuesday
night in San Jose.

GENE TUNNEY. at left, retired heavyweight boxing champion of the
world, got a few pointers from Donald Budge, tennis star who recent
ly turned professional, when they met recently at Palm Beach, Fla.
Budge will meet Ellsworth Vines, ace racket-.wielder, next Tuesday
night in San Jose.

GENE TUNNEY. at left, retired heavyweight boxing champion of the
world, got a few pointers from Donald Budge, tennis star who recent
ly turned professional, when they met recently at Palm Beach, Fla.
Budge will meet Ellsworth Vines, ace racket-.wielder, next Tuesday
night in San Jose.
