# Scotchers shine in Arizona invite
## 
### JULIE HILL 
Stanford scotchers cleared
two wins and a tie at this
weekend's Arizona Invitational
on the University of Arizona
field. The wins came against a
weak University of Northern
Colorado team and the Univer
sity of Arizona squad, while the
Cards tied San Diego State.
Nancy White scored for
Stanford early into the second
half, but SDSU came back to tie
on an excellent corner shot
which found the Cardinal
goalkeeper helpless. Coach
Longstreth called it a "good
hockey game."
Stanford found the Northern
Colorado scotchers an inferior
team and easily shut them out
4-0. Sukie Jackson added two
goals to her personal total,
while Kelly Westerwick and
Paula Mishima each flicked in a
goal apiece.
Longstreth called the Uni
versity of Arizona game a
"good win for us against a
strong team." Allison King
scored the only goal in the
middle of the second half on a

rush. "We played very consis
tent defense against a strong
attacking team. I was particu
larly pleased with that win and
that we held a good team
scoreless," she added.
Stanford's record for the
season is now 5-2-3, but none
of these last three games were
league matches.
"We're now preparing for a
crucial league match against a
strong Cal team next Wednes
dayat2 p.m.," said Longstreth.
The game will be held on the
Bears' field.
