# BISHOP PARSONS TALKS ON PRESENT NEEDS OF WORLD
## "The Call of the World Task" Is Subject of Address By Bishop 
### 
"The Call of the World Task," as
considered from three different view
points, was the subject of an address
by Bishop E. L. Parsons of San Fran
cisco, last night, in the Little Theater.
The lecture closed the Inter-Church
World Conference which has been in
progress on the campus for the last
week.
The strongest appeal comes from the
actual needs of the world today as
considered from the practical view
point, according to Bishop Parsons.
Men expected that a new vision and
new ideals would come from the
Great War, and that the solution of
many world problems would result.
This has not been the case, however;
civilization seems to be suffering a
decided lapse; the foundations of so
ciety are trembling. A greater need
than has confronted the world for
many years, calls to the younger
generation.
From the individual view-point,
these stirring times appeal to the
highest kind of adventure, to the
spirit of "dare." The opportunities
of the present day are countless, and
the world is calling for men and wo
men of high calibre to enlist in its
service.
Christianity, also offers opportunity
for unselfish service. The church is
fiacing a gravte problem; the very
structure of Christian faith is being
attacked. There is a menace in the
present-day attitude of indifference.
"Without Christian faith the world
can not exiat; civilization is measur
ed by the strength and influence of
Christianity," said Bishop Parsons.!
"The need of the world for Christian
faith is the supreme call."
"The Call of the World Task," as
considered from three different view
points, was the subject of an address
by Bishop E. L. Parsons of San Fran
cisco, last night, in the Little Theater.
The lecture closed the Inter-Church
World Conference which has been in
progress on the campus for the last
week.
The strongest appeal comes from the
actual needs of the world today as
considered from the practical view
point, according to Bishop Parsons.
Men expected that a new vision and
new ideals would come from the
Great War, and that the solution of
many world problems would result.
This has not been the case, however;
civilization seems to be suffering a
decided lapse; the foundations of so
ciety are trembling. A greater need
than has confronted the world for
many years, calls to the younger
generation.
From the individual view-point,
these stirring times appeal to the
highest kind of adventure, to the
spirit of "dare." The opportunities
of the present day are countless, and
the world is calling for men and wo
men of high calibre to enlist in its
service.
Christianity, also offers opportunity
for unselfish service. The church is
fiacing a gravte problem; the very
structure of Christian faith is being
attacked. There is a menace in the
present-day attitude of indifference.
"Without Christian faith the world
can not exiat; civilization is measur
ed by the strength and influence of
Christianity," said Bishop Parsons.!
"The need of the world for Christian
faith is the supreme call."
"The Call of the World Task," as
considered from three different view
points, was the subject of an address
by Bishop E. L. Parsons of San Fran
cisco, last night, in the Little Theater.
The lecture closed the Inter-Church
World Conference which has been in
progress on the campus for the last
week.
The strongest appeal comes from the
actual needs of the world today as
considered from the practical view
point, according to Bishop Parsons.
Men expected that a new vision and
new ideals would come from the
Great War, and that the solution of
many world problems would result.
This has not been the case, however;
civilization seems to be suffering a
decided lapse; the foundations of so
ciety are trembling. A greater need
than has confronted the world for
many years, calls to the younger
generation.
From the individual view-point,
these stirring times appeal to the
highest kind of adventure, to the
spirit of "dare." The opportunities
of the present day are countless, and
the world is calling for men and wo
men of high calibre to enlist in its
service.
Christianity, also offers opportunity
for unselfish service. The church is
fiacing a gravte problem; the very
structure of Christian faith is being
attacked. There is a menace in the
present-day attitude of indifference.
"Without Christian faith the world
can not exiat; civilization is measur
ed by the strength and influence of
Christianity," said Bishop Parsons.!
"The need of the world for Christian
faith is the supreme call."
"The Call of the World Task," as
considered from three different view
points, was the subject of an address
by Bishop E. L. Parsons of San Fran
cisco, last night, in the Little Theater.
The lecture closed the Inter-Church
World Conference which has been in
progress on the campus for the last
week.
The strongest appeal comes from the
actual needs of the world today as
considered from the practical view
point, according to Bishop Parsons.
Men expected that a new vision and
new ideals would come from the
Great War, and that the solution of
many world problems would result.
This has not been the case, however;
civilization seems to be suffering a
decided lapse; the foundations of so
ciety are trembling. A greater need
than has confronted the world for
many years, calls to the younger
generation.
From the individual view-point,
these stirring times appeal to the
highest kind of adventure, to the
spirit of "dare." The opportunities
of the present day are countless, and
the world is calling for men and wo
men of high calibre to enlist in its
service.
Christianity, also offers opportunity
for unselfish service. The church is
fiacing a gravte problem; the very
structure of Christian faith is being
attacked. There is a menace in the
present-day attitude of indifference.
"Without Christian faith the world
can not exiat; civilization is measur
ed by the strength and influence of
Christianity," said Bishop Parsons.!
"The need of the world for Christian
faith is the supreme call."
"The Call of the World Task," as
considered from three different view
points, was the subject of an address
by Bishop E. L. Parsons of San Fran
cisco, last night, in the Little Theater.
The lecture closed the Inter-Church
World Conference which has been in
progress on the campus for the last
week.
The strongest appeal comes from the
actual needs of the world today as
considered from the practical view
point, according to Bishop Parsons.
Men expected that a new vision and
new ideals would come from the
Great War, and that the solution of
many world problems would result.
This has not been the case, however;
civilization seems to be suffering a
decided lapse; the foundations of so
ciety are trembling. A greater need
than has confronted the world for
many years, calls to the younger
generation.
From the individual view-point,
these stirring times appeal to the
highest kind of adventure, to the
spirit of "dare." The opportunities
of the present day are countless, and
the world is calling for men and wo
men of high calibre to enlist in its
service.
Christianity, also offers opportunity
for unselfish service. The church is
fiacing a gravte problem; the very
structure of Christian faith is being
attacked. There is a menace in the
present-day attitude of indifference.
"Without Christian faith the world
can not exiat; civilization is measur
ed by the strength and influence of
Christianity," said Bishop Parsons.!
"The need of the world for Christian
faith is the supreme call."
"The Call of the World Task," as
considered from three different view
points, was the subject of an address
by Bishop E. L. Parsons of San Fran
cisco, last night, in the Little Theater.
The lecture closed the Inter-Church
World Conference which has been in
progress on the campus for the last
week.
The strongest appeal comes from the
actual needs of the world today as
considered from the practical view
point, according to Bishop Parsons.
Men expected that a new vision and
new ideals would come from the
Great War, and that the solution of
many world problems would result.
This has not been the case, however;
civilization seems to be suffering a
decided lapse; the foundations of so
ciety are trembling. A greater need
than has confronted the world for
many years, calls to the younger
generation.
From the individual view-point,
these stirring times appeal to the
highest kind of adventure, to the
spirit of "dare." The opportunities
of the present day are countless, and
the world is calling for men and wo
men of high calibre to enlist in its
service.
Christianity, also offers opportunity
for unselfish service. The church is
fiacing a gravte problem; the very
structure of Christian faith is being
attacked. There is a menace in the
present-day attitude of indifference.
"Without Christian faith the world
can not exiat; civilization is measur
ed by the strength and influence of
Christianity," said Bishop Parsons.!
"The need of the world for Christian
faith is the supreme call."
"The Call of the World Task," as
considered from three different view
points, was the subject of an address
by Bishop E. L. Parsons of San Fran
cisco, last night, in the Little Theater.
The lecture closed the Inter-Church
World Conference which has been in
progress on the campus for the last
week.
The strongest appeal comes from the
actual needs of the world today as
considered from the practical view
point, according to Bishop Parsons.
Men expected that a new vision and
new ideals would come from the
Great War, and that the solution of
many world problems would result.
This has not been the case, however;
civilization seems to be suffering a
decided lapse; the foundations of so
ciety are trembling. A greater need
than has confronted the world for
many years, calls to the younger
generation.
From the individual view-point,
these stirring times appeal to the
highest kind of adventure, to the
spirit of "dare." The opportunities
of the present day are countless, and
the world is calling for men and wo
men of high calibre to enlist in its
service.
Christianity, also offers opportunity
for unselfish service. The church is
fiacing a gravte problem; the very
structure of Christian faith is being
attacked. There is a menace in the
present-day attitude of indifference.
"Without Christian faith the world
can not exiat; civilization is measur
ed by the strength and influence of
Christianity," said Bishop Parsons.!
"The need of the world for Christian
faith is the supreme call."
"The Call of the World Task," as
considered from three different view
points, was the subject of an address
by Bishop E. L. Parsons of San Fran
cisco, last night, in the Little Theater.
The lecture closed the Inter-Church
World Conference which has been in
progress on the campus for the last
week.
The strongest appeal comes from the
actual needs of the world today as
considered from the practical view
point, according to Bishop Parsons.
Men expected that a new vision and
new ideals would come from the
Great War, and that the solution of
many world problems would result.
This has not been the case, however;
civilization seems to be suffering a
decided lapse; the foundations of so
ciety are trembling. A greater need
than has confronted the world for
many years, calls to the younger
generation.
From the individual view-point,
these stirring times appeal to the
highest kind of adventure, to the
spirit of "dare." The opportunities
of the present day are countless, and
the world is calling for men and wo
men of high calibre to enlist in its
service.
Christianity, also offers opportunity
for unselfish service. The church is
fiacing a gravte problem; the very
structure of Christian faith is being
attacked. There is a menace in the
present-day attitude of indifference.
"Without Christian faith the world
can not exiat; civilization is measur
ed by the strength and influence of
Christianity," said Bishop Parsons.!
"The need of the world for Christian
faith is the supreme call."
"The Call of the World Task," as
considered from three different view
points, was the subject of an address
by Bishop E. L. Parsons of San Fran
cisco, last night, in the Little Theater.
The lecture closed the Inter-Church
World Conference which has been in
progress on the campus for the last
week.
The strongest appeal comes from the
actual needs of the world today as
considered from the practical view
point, according to Bishop Parsons.
Men expected that a new vision and
new ideals would come from the
Great War, and that the solution of
many world problems would result.
This has not been the case, however;
civilization seems to be suffering a
decided lapse; the foundations of so
ciety are trembling. A greater need
than has confronted the world for
many years, calls to the younger
generation.
From the individual view-point,
these stirring times appeal to the
highest kind of adventure, to the
spirit of "dare." The opportunities
of the present day are countless, and
the world is calling for men and wo
men of high calibre to enlist in its
service.
Christianity, also offers opportunity
for unselfish service. The church is
fiacing a gravte problem; the very
structure of Christian faith is being
attacked. There is a menace in the
present-day attitude of indifference.
"Without Christian faith the world
can not exiat; civilization is measur
ed by the strength and influence of
Christianity," said Bishop Parsons.!
"The need of the world for Christian
faith is the supreme call."
"The Call of the World Task," as
considered from three different view
points, was the subject of an address
by Bishop E. L. Parsons of San Fran
cisco, last night, in the Little Theater.
The lecture closed the Inter-Church
World Conference which has been in
progress on the campus for the last
week.
The strongest appeal comes from the
actual needs of the world today as
considered from the practical view
point, according to Bishop Parsons.
Men expected that a new vision and
new ideals would come from the
Great War, and that the solution of
many world problems would result.
This has not been the case, however;
civilization seems to be suffering a
decided lapse; the foundations of so
ciety are trembling. A greater need
than has confronted the world for
many years, calls to the younger
generation.
From the individual view-point,
these stirring times appeal to the
highest kind of adventure, to the
spirit of "dare." The opportunities
of the present day are countless, and
the world is calling for men and wo
men of high calibre to enlist in its
service.
Christianity, also offers opportunity
for unselfish service. The church is
fiacing a gravte problem; the very
structure of Christian faith is being
attacked. There is a menace in the
present-day attitude of indifference.
"Without Christian faith the world
can not exiat; civilization is measur
ed by the strength and influence of
Christianity," said Bishop Parsons.!
"The need of the world for Christian
faith is the supreme call."
"The Call of the World Task," as
considered from three different view
points, was the subject of an address
by Bishop E. L. Parsons of San Fran
cisco, last night, in the Little Theater.
The lecture closed the Inter-Church
World Conference which has been in
progress on the campus for the last
week.
The strongest appeal comes from the
actual needs of the world today as
considered from the practical view
point, according to Bishop Parsons.
Men expected that a new vision and
new ideals would come from the
Great War, and that the solution of
many world problems would result.
This has not been the case, however;
civilization seems to be suffering a
decided lapse; the foundations of so
ciety are trembling. A greater need
than has confronted the world for
many years, calls to the younger
generation.
From the individual view-point,
these stirring times appeal to the
highest kind of adventure, to the
spirit of "dare." The opportunities
of the present day are countless, and
the world is calling for men and wo
men of high calibre to enlist in its
service.
Christianity, also offers opportunity
for unselfish service. The church is
fiacing a gravte problem; the very
structure of Christian faith is being
attacked. There is a menace in the
present-day attitude of indifference.
"Without Christian faith the world
can not exiat; civilization is measur
ed by the strength and influence of
Christianity," said Bishop Parsons.!
"The need of the world for Christian
faith is the supreme call."
"The Call of the World Task," as
considered from three different view
points, was the subject of an address
by Bishop E. L. Parsons of San Fran
cisco, last night, in the Little Theater.
The lecture closed the Inter-Church
World Conference which has been in
progress on the campus for the last
week.
The strongest appeal comes from the
actual needs of the world today as
considered from the practical view
point, according to Bishop Parsons.
Men expected that a new vision and
new ideals would come from the
Great War, and that the solution of
many world problems would result.
This has not been the case, however;
civilization seems to be suffering a
decided lapse; the foundations of so
ciety are trembling. A greater need
than has confronted the world for
many years, calls to the younger
generation.
From the individual view-point,
these stirring times appeal to the
highest kind of adventure, to the
spirit of "dare." The opportunities
of the present day are countless, and
the world is calling for men and wo
men of high calibre to enlist in its
service.
Christianity, also offers opportunity
for unselfish service. The church is
fiacing a gravte problem; the very
structure of Christian faith is being
attacked. There is a menace in the
present-day attitude of indifference.
"Without Christian faith the world
can not exiat; civilization is measur
ed by the strength and influence of
Christianity," said Bishop Parsons.!
"The need of the world for Christian
faith is the supreme call."
