# Pacific Coast Rugby Squad May Schedule Contest In England
## 
### 
lu a letter sent to twelve universi
ties and athletic clubs of England, the
Pacific Coast rugby players have pro
posed a series of games with the
English rugby teams prior to the
Olympic Games. The team composed
of men from various organizations of
California, is now practically assured
participation in the Olympiad. It will
sail early in July with the expectation
of playing at least five or six games
before the contests in the Olympic
Games, which take place at Antwerp
between August 80 and September 5.
The letters were sent to Leicester,
Northampton, (Oxford University, Cam
bridge University, Edinburg Universi
ty, Dublin University, (Trinity Col
legte), Blackheath, Richmond, Harle
quins, and Davenport Albion.
