# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Bob Feller's test of baseball speed
shows that the ball travels 145 feet
a second.
Bob Feller's test of baseball speed
shows that the ball travels 145 feet
a second.
Bob Feller's test of baseball speed
shows that the ball travels 145 feet
a second.
Bob Feller's test of baseball speed
shows that the ball travels 145 feet
a second.
Bob Feller's test of baseball speed
shows that the ball travels 145 feet
a second.
Bob Feller's test of baseball speed
shows that the ball travels 145 feet
a second.
Bob Feller's test of baseball speed
shows that the ball travels 145 feet
a second.
Bob Feller's test of baseball speed
shows that the ball travels 145 feet
a second.
Bob Feller's test of baseball speed
shows that the ball travels 145 feet
a second.
Bob Feller's test of baseball speed
shows that the ball travels 145 feet
a second.
Bob Feller's test of baseball speed
shows that the ball travels 145 feet
a second.
Bob Feller's test of baseball speed
shows that the ball travels 145 feet
a second.
Bob Feller's test of baseball speed
shows that the ball travels 145 feet
a second.
Bob Feller's test of baseball speed
shows that the ball travels 145 feet
a second.
Bob Feller's test of baseball speed
shows that the ball travels 145 feet
a second.
