# Farm to Give Radio Courses
## 
### 
Stanford will join with the Na- j
tional Broadcasting Company again j
this summer in offering an eight
week Summer Radio Institute, from
June 17 to Aug. 14.
This is the sixth time the course |
has been offered and .students will
get practical experience in the
course. The members will divide
their time among the KNBC radio i
studios in San Francisco, KSU, the
campus radio station, and the Uni
versity's speech and drama depart
ment.
Allen Miller, head of the Rocky
Mountain Radio Council in Denver.
Colorado, will head the 1948 insti
tute, Dr. Alvin C. Eurich, acting
president, announced. Mr. Miller
has been radio director of the Uni
versity of Chicago and has taught at
Washington State College and the
University of Denver.
The faculty of the institute will !
include regular Stanford faculty j
members, experts in the radio in
dustry, and a large group of lectur
ers drawn from the radio industry, j
