# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Nancy M. Jennings,
resident assistant, to Jack Young.
Toyon.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Nancy M. Jennings,
resident assistant, to Jack Young.
Toyon.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Nancy M. Jennings,
resident assistant, to Jack Young.
Toyon.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Nancy M. Jennings,
resident assistant, to Jack Young.
Toyon.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Nancy M. Jennings,
resident assistant, to Jack Young.
Toyon.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Nancy M. Jennings,
resident assistant, to Jack Young.
Toyon.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Nancy M. Jennings,
resident assistant, to Jack Young.
Toyon.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Nancy M. Jennings,
resident assistant, to Jack Young.
Toyon.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Nancy M. Jennings,
resident assistant, to Jack Young.
Toyon.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Nancy M. Jennings,
resident assistant, to Jack Young.
Toyon.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Nancy M. Jennings,
resident assistant, to Jack Young.
Toyon.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Nancy M. Jennings,
resident assistant, to Jack Young.
Toyon.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Nancy M. Jennings,
resident assistant, to Jack Young.
Toyon.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Nancy M. Jennings,
resident assistant, to Jack Young.
Toyon.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Nancy M. Jennings,
resident assistant, to Jack Young.
Toyon.
