# Untitled Article
## 
### 
MEN'S COUNCIL will meet this
afternoon at 2 in the Committee
Room of Ihe Union.
MEN'S COUNCIL will meet this
afternoon at 2 in the Committee
Room of Ihe Union.
MEN'S COUNCIL will meet this
afternoon at 2 in the Committee
Room of Ihe Union.
MEN'S COUNCIL will meet this
afternoon at 2 in the Committee
Room of Ihe Union.
MEN'S COUNCIL will meet this
afternoon at 2 in the Committee
Room of Ihe Union.
MEN'S COUNCIL will meet this
afternoon at 2 in the Committee
Room of Ihe Union.
MEN'S COUNCIL will meet this
afternoon at 2 in the Committee
Room of Ihe Union.
MEN'S COUNCIL will meet this
afternoon at 2 in the Committee
Room of Ihe Union.
MEN'S COUNCIL will meet this
afternoon at 2 in the Committee
Room of Ihe Union.
MEN'S COUNCIL will meet this
afternoon at 2 in the Committee
Room of Ihe Union.
MEN'S COUNCIL will meet this
afternoon at 2 in the Committee
Room of Ihe Union.
MEN'S COUNCIL will meet this
afternoon at 2 in the Committee
Room of Ihe Union.
MEN'S COUNCIL will meet this
afternoon at 2 in the Committee
Room of Ihe Union.
MEN'S COUNCIL will meet this
afternoon at 2 in the Committee
Room of Ihe Union.
MEN'S COUNCIL will meet this
afternoon at 2 in the Committee
Room of Ihe Union.
