# VENTURA
## 
### 
Kay Hamilton, president; Marnie
Rogers, vice-president; Joan Jucke
land, secretary; Barbara Bonesteele,
treasurer; Alice Hanson, social
chairman.
Kay Hamilton, president; Marnie
Rogers, vice-president; Joan Jucke
land, secretary; Barbara Bonesteele,
treasurer; Alice Hanson, social
chairman.
Kay Hamilton, president; Marnie
Rogers, vice-president; Joan Jucke
land, secretary; Barbara Bonesteele,
treasurer; Alice Hanson, social
chairman.
Kay Hamilton, president; Marnie
Rogers, vice-president; Joan Jucke
land, secretary; Barbara Bonesteele,
treasurer; Alice Hanson, social
chairman.
Kay Hamilton, president; Marnie
Rogers, vice-president; Joan Jucke
land, secretary; Barbara Bonesteele,
treasurer; Alice Hanson, social
chairman.
Kay Hamilton, president; Marnie
Rogers, vice-president; Joan Jucke
land, secretary; Barbara Bonesteele,
treasurer; Alice Hanson, social
chairman.
Kay Hamilton, president; Marnie
Rogers, vice-president; Joan Jucke
land, secretary; Barbara Bonesteele,
treasurer; Alice Hanson, social
chairman.
Kay Hamilton, president; Marnie
Rogers, vice-president; Joan Jucke
land, secretary; Barbara Bonesteele,
treasurer; Alice Hanson, social
chairman.
Kay Hamilton, president; Marnie
Rogers, vice-president; Joan Jucke
land, secretary; Barbara Bonesteele,
treasurer; Alice Hanson, social
chairman.
Kay Hamilton, president; Marnie
Rogers, vice-president; Joan Jucke
land, secretary; Barbara Bonesteele,
treasurer; Alice Hanson, social
chairman.
Kay Hamilton, president; Marnie
Rogers, vice-president; Joan Jucke
land, secretary; Barbara Bonesteele,
treasurer; Alice Hanson, social
chairman.
Kay Hamilton, president; Marnie
Rogers, vice-president; Joan Jucke
land, secretary; Barbara Bonesteele,
treasurer; Alice Hanson, social
chairman.
Kay Hamilton, president; Marnie
Rogers, vice-president; Joan Jucke
land, secretary; Barbara Bonesteele,
treasurer; Alice Hanson, social
chairman.
Kay Hamilton, president; Marnie
Rogers, vice-president; Joan Jucke
land, secretary; Barbara Bonesteele,
treasurer; Alice Hanson, social
chairman.
Kay Hamilton, president; Marnie
Rogers, vice-president; Joan Jucke
land, secretary; Barbara Bonesteele,
treasurer; Alice Hanson, social
chairman.
