# EL CUADRO
## 
### 
Pat Ileigho, president; Winty Har
rington, vice-president; John Ayres,
secretary; Ray Moore, athletic man
ager; Cole Wilbur, business mana
ger.
Pat Ileigho, president; Winty Har
rington, vice-president; John Ayres,
secretary; Ray Moore, athletic man
ager; Cole Wilbur, business mana
ger.
Pat Ileigho, president; Winty Har
rington, vice-president; John Ayres,
secretary; Ray Moore, athletic man
ager; Cole Wilbur, business mana
ger.
Pat Ileigho, president; Winty Har
rington, vice-president; John Ayres,
secretary; Ray Moore, athletic man
ager; Cole Wilbur, business mana
ger.
Pat Ileigho, president; Winty Har
rington, vice-president; John Ayres,
secretary; Ray Moore, athletic man
ager; Cole Wilbur, business mana
ger.
Pat Ileigho, president; Winty Har
rington, vice-president; John Ayres,
secretary; Ray Moore, athletic man
ager; Cole Wilbur, business mana
ger.
Pat Ileigho, president; Winty Har
rington, vice-president; John Ayres,
secretary; Ray Moore, athletic man
ager; Cole Wilbur, business mana
ger.
Pat Ileigho, president; Winty Har
rington, vice-president; John Ayres,
secretary; Ray Moore, athletic man
ager; Cole Wilbur, business mana
ger.
Pat Ileigho, president; Winty Har
rington, vice-president; John Ayres,
secretary; Ray Moore, athletic man
ager; Cole Wilbur, business mana
ger.
Pat Ileigho, president; Winty Har
rington, vice-president; John Ayres,
secretary; Ray Moore, athletic man
ager; Cole Wilbur, business mana
ger.
Pat Ileigho, president; Winty Har
rington, vice-president; John Ayres,
secretary; Ray Moore, athletic man
ager; Cole Wilbur, business mana
ger.
Pat Ileigho, president; Winty Har
rington, vice-president; John Ayres,
secretary; Ray Moore, athletic man
ager; Cole Wilbur, business mana
ger.
Pat Ileigho, president; Winty Har
rington, vice-president; John Ayres,
secretary; Ray Moore, athletic man
ager; Cole Wilbur, business mana
ger.
Pat Ileigho, president; Winty Har
rington, vice-president; John Ayres,
secretary; Ray Moore, athletic man
ager; Cole Wilbur, business mana
ger.
Pat Ileigho, president; Winty Har
rington, vice-president; John Ayres,
secretary; Ray Moore, athletic man
ager; Cole Wilbur, business mana
ger.
