# HAWTHORNE
## 
### 
Diane Elfstrorn, president; Ruth
Kihler, vice-president; Barbara Ma

nilde, secretary; Nancy Lindsay,
treasurer; Gail Johnson, Committee
of Seven.
Diane Elfstrorn, president; Ruth
Kihler, vice-president; Barbara Ma

nilde, secretary; Nancy Lindsay,
treasurer; Gail Johnson, Committee
of Seven.
Diane Elfstrorn, president; Ruth
Kihler, vice-president; Barbara Ma

nilde, secretary; Nancy Lindsay,
treasurer; Gail Johnson, Committee
of Seven.
Diane Elfstrorn, president; Ruth
Kihler, vice-president; Barbara Ma

nilde, secretary; Nancy Lindsay,
treasurer; Gail Johnson, Committee
of Seven.
Diane Elfstrorn, president; Ruth
Kihler, vice-president; Barbara Ma

nilde, secretary; Nancy Lindsay,
treasurer; Gail Johnson, Committee
of Seven.
Diane Elfstrorn, president; Ruth
Kihler, vice-president; Barbara Ma

nilde, secretary; Nancy Lindsay,
treasurer; Gail Johnson, Committee
of Seven.
Diane Elfstrorn, president; Ruth
Kihler, vice-president; Barbara Ma

nilde, secretary; Nancy Lindsay,
treasurer; Gail Johnson, Committee
of Seven.
Diane Elfstrorn, president; Ruth
Kihler, vice-president; Barbara Ma

nilde, secretary; Nancy Lindsay,
treasurer; Gail Johnson, Committee
of Seven.
Diane Elfstrorn, president; Ruth
Kihler, vice-president; Barbara Ma

nilde, secretary; Nancy Lindsay,
treasurer; Gail Johnson, Committee
of Seven.
Diane Elfstrorn, president; Ruth
Kihler, vice-president; Barbara Ma

nilde, secretary; Nancy Lindsay,
treasurer; Gail Johnson, Committee
of Seven.
Diane Elfstrorn, president; Ruth
Kihler, vice-president; Barbara Ma

nilde, secretary; Nancy Lindsay,
treasurer; Gail Johnson, Committee
of Seven.
Diane Elfstrorn, president; Ruth
Kihler, vice-president; Barbara Ma

nilde, secretary; Nancy Lindsay,
treasurer; Gail Johnson, Committee
of Seven.
Diane Elfstrorn, president; Ruth
Kihler, vice-president; Barbara Ma

nilde, secretary; Nancy Lindsay,
treasurer; Gail Johnson, Committee
of Seven.
Diane Elfstrorn, president; Ruth
Kihler, vice-president; Barbara Ma

nilde, secretary; Nancy Lindsay,
treasurer; Gail Johnson, Committee
of Seven.
Diane Elfstrorn, president; Ruth
Kihler, vice-president; Barbara Ma

nilde, secretary; Nancy Lindsay,
treasurer; Gail Johnson, Committee
of Seven.
