# ROTH
## 
### 
Marge Huneke, president; Mary
Massabni. vice - president; Janet
Gervais, secretary; Sue Griflin,
treasurer; Nancy Boeseke, social
chairman; Betty Baerwald, Com
mittee oi' Nine; Margot English,
house manager; Lou Eekart, song
leader.
Marge Huneke, president; Mary
Massabni. vice - president; Janet
Gervais, secretary; Sue Griflin,
treasurer; Nancy Boeseke, social
chairman; Betty Baerwald, Com
mittee oi' Nine; Margot English,
house manager; Lou Eekart, song
leader.
Marge Huneke, president; Mary
Massabni. vice - president; Janet
Gervais, secretary; Sue Griflin,
treasurer; Nancy Boeseke, social
chairman; Betty Baerwald, Com
mittee oi' Nine; Margot English,
house manager; Lou Eekart, song
leader.
Marge Huneke, president; Mary
Massabni. vice - president; Janet
Gervais, secretary; Sue Griflin,
treasurer; Nancy Boeseke, social
chairman; Betty Baerwald, Com
mittee oi' Nine; Margot English,
house manager; Lou Eekart, song
leader.
Marge Huneke, president; Mary
Massabni. vice - president; Janet
Gervais, secretary; Sue Griflin,
treasurer; Nancy Boeseke, social
chairman; Betty Baerwald, Com
mittee oi' Nine; Margot English,
house manager; Lou Eekart, song
leader.
Marge Huneke, president; Mary
Massabni. vice - president; Janet
Gervais, secretary; Sue Griflin,
treasurer; Nancy Boeseke, social
chairman; Betty Baerwald, Com
mittee oi' Nine; Margot English,
house manager; Lou Eekart, song
leader.
Marge Huneke, president; Mary
Massabni. vice - president; Janet
Gervais, secretary; Sue Griflin,
treasurer; Nancy Boeseke, social
chairman; Betty Baerwald, Com
mittee oi' Nine; Margot English,
house manager; Lou Eekart, song
leader.
Marge Huneke, president; Mary
Massabni. vice - president; Janet
Gervais, secretary; Sue Griflin,
treasurer; Nancy Boeseke, social
chairman; Betty Baerwald, Com
mittee oi' Nine; Margot English,
house manager; Lou Eekart, song
leader.
Marge Huneke, president; Mary
Massabni. vice - president; Janet
Gervais, secretary; Sue Griflin,
treasurer; Nancy Boeseke, social
chairman; Betty Baerwald, Com
mittee oi' Nine; Margot English,
house manager; Lou Eekart, song
leader.
Marge Huneke, president; Mary
Massabni. vice - president; Janet
Gervais, secretary; Sue Griflin,
treasurer; Nancy Boeseke, social
chairman; Betty Baerwald, Com
mittee oi' Nine; Margot English,
house manager; Lou Eekart, song
leader.
Marge Huneke, president; Mary
Massabni. vice - president; Janet
Gervais, secretary; Sue Griflin,
treasurer; Nancy Boeseke, social
chairman; Betty Baerwald, Com
mittee oi' Nine; Margot English,
house manager; Lou Eekart, song
leader.
Marge Huneke, president; Mary
Massabni. vice - president; Janet
Gervais, secretary; Sue Griflin,
treasurer; Nancy Boeseke, social
chairman; Betty Baerwald, Com
mittee oi' Nine; Margot English,
house manager; Lou Eekart, song
leader.
Marge Huneke, president; Mary
Massabni. vice - president; Janet
Gervais, secretary; Sue Griflin,
treasurer; Nancy Boeseke, social
chairman; Betty Baerwald, Com
mittee oi' Nine; Margot English,
house manager; Lou Eekart, song
leader.
Marge Huneke, president; Mary
Massabni. vice - president; Janet
Gervais, secretary; Sue Griflin,
treasurer; Nancy Boeseke, social
chairman; Betty Baerwald, Com
mittee oi' Nine; Margot English,
house manager; Lou Eekart, song
leader.
Marge Huneke, president; Mary
Massabni. vice - president; Janet
Gervais, secretary; Sue Griflin,
treasurer; Nancy Boeseke, social
chairman; Betty Baerwald, Com
mittee oi' Nine; Margot English,
house manager; Lou Eekart, song
leader.
