# Adv. 3 Page 3
## 
### 
OATQ DEADLINES
Deadline for OATQ is 1 p.m.
two days before publication.
Separate forms must be sub
mitted for each day an an
nouncement is to appear.
OATQ DEADLINES
Deadline for OATQ is 1 p.m.
two days before publication.
Separate forms must be sub
mitted for each day an an
nouncement is to appear.
OATQ DEADLINES
Deadline for OATQ is 1 p.m.
two days before publication.
Separate forms must be sub
mitted for each day an an
nouncement is to appear.
OATQ DEADLINES
Deadline for OATQ is 1 p.m.
two days before publication.
Separate forms must be sub
mitted for each day an an
nouncement is to appear.
OATQ DEADLINES
Deadline for OATQ is 1 p.m.
two days before publication.
Separate forms must be sub
mitted for each day an an
nouncement is to appear.
OATQ DEADLINES
Deadline for OATQ is 1 p.m.
two days before publication.
Separate forms must be sub
mitted for each day an an
nouncement is to appear.
OATQ DEADLINES
Deadline for OATQ is 1 p.m.
two days before publication.
Separate forms must be sub
mitted for each day an an
nouncement is to appear.
OATQ DEADLINES
Deadline for OATQ is 1 p.m.
two days before publication.
Separate forms must be sub
mitted for each day an an
nouncement is to appear.
OATQ DEADLINES
Deadline for OATQ is 1 p.m.
two days before publication.
Separate forms must be sub
mitted for each day an an
nouncement is to appear.
OATQ DEADLINES
Deadline for OATQ is 1 p.m.
two days before publication.
Separate forms must be sub
mitted for each day an an
nouncement is to appear.
OATQ DEADLINES
Deadline for OATQ is 1 p.m.
two days before publication.
Separate forms must be sub
mitted for each day an an
nouncement is to appear.
OATQ DEADLINES
Deadline for OATQ is 1 p.m.
two days before publication.
Separate forms must be sub
mitted for each day an an
nouncement is to appear.
OATQ DEADLINES
Deadline for OATQ is 1 p.m.
two days before publication.
Separate forms must be sub
mitted for each day an an
nouncement is to appear.
OATQ DEADLINES
Deadline for OATQ is 1 p.m.
two days before publication.
Separate forms must be sub
mitted for each day an an
nouncement is to appear.
