# Women cagers sweep games
## 
### JEFF WAHBA 
The Stanford women cagers
edged San Francisco State,
54-51, Friday night before
trouncing California, 65-37, in
front of close to a 1000 fans at
Maples Pavilion. It was the wo
men's largest crowd ever, due in
part to the preceeding men's
contest.
If Cal had decided to just play
the last three-quarters of the
game it might have been a con
test. It took the Golden Bears
9:23 to score and by that time
Stanford had already pumped in
27 points.
Coach Gay Coburn explained
the early runaway simply: "They
just couldn't hit and we were
hot."
The cagers' opening spurt was
undoubtedly inspired by the
large crowd. Getting big ova

tions on scores for the first time
in their careers, the Cards fast
breaked and used the height of
6-foot-l Maggie Nelson to score
on repeated short shots.
Cal finally woke up after the
first ten minutes and scored 37
points to Stanford's 38 from then
on. By that time though the
crowd was already asking to see
the Stanford subs.

Questionably, Coburn kept in
most of her regulars in the sec
ond half and subbed only
sporadically. "I wanted to see
how certain players played with
the varsity and to work on some
new plays," she explained. It
was unique though to see a team
up by 30 points use a full court
press up to the final horn.
Friday's contest was the Red's
best game to date. Stanford took
a small lead early in the first half

against an older, stronger squad
and the Red never fell behind.
San Francisco State, lacking
height in the middle, was never
more than six points down but
was unable to penetrate inside.
Sukie Jackson's 21 points and
Nancy Lovvold's ball handling
were keys to the win.

The cagers upped their record
to 4-2 and now will play four
consecutive road games.

Ruggers win
The Stanford rugby team de
feated Santa Clara Saturday,
15-13, at Santa Clara. The win
evened the ruggers' record at
2-2.
The Stanford women cagers
edged San Francisco State,
54-51, Friday night before
trouncing California, 65-37, in
front of close to a 1000 fans at
Maples Pavilion. It was the wo
men's largest crowd ever, due in
part to the preceeding men's
contest.
If Cal had decided to just play
the last three-quarters of the
game it might have been a con
test. It took the Golden Bears
9:23 to score and by that time
Stanford had already pumped in
27 points.
Coach Gay Coburn explained
the early runaway simply: "They
just couldn't hit and we were
hot."
The cagers' opening spurt was
undoubtedly inspired by the
large crowd. Getting big ova

tions on scores for the first time
in their careers, the Cards fast
breaked and used the height of
6-foot-l Maggie Nelson to score
on repeated short shots.
Cal finally woke up after the
first ten minutes and scored 37
points to Stanford's 38 from then
on. By that time though the
crowd was already asking to see
the Stanford subs.

Questionably, Coburn kept in
most of her regulars in the sec
ond half and subbed only
sporadically. "I wanted to see
how certain players played with
the varsity and to work on some
new plays," she explained. It
was unique though to see a team
up by 30 points use a full court
press up to the final horn.
Friday's contest was the Red's
best game to date. Stanford took
a small lead early in the first half

against an older, stronger squad
and the Red never fell behind.
San Francisco State, lacking
height in the middle, was never
more than six points down but
was unable to penetrate inside.
Sukie Jackson's 21 points and
Nancy Lovvold's ball handling
were keys to the win.

The cagers upped their record
to 4-2 and now will play four
consecutive road games.

Ruggers win
The Stanford rugby team de
feated Santa Clara Saturday,
15-13, at Santa Clara. The win
evened the ruggers' record at
2-2.
The Stanford women cagers
edged San Francisco State,
54-51, Friday night before
trouncing California, 65-37, in
front of close to a 1000 fans at
Maples Pavilion. It was the wo
men's largest crowd ever, due in
part to the preceeding men's
contest.
If Cal had decided to just play
the last three-quarters of the
game it might have been a con
test. It took the Golden Bears
9:23 to score and by that time
Stanford had already pumped in
27 points.
Coach Gay Coburn explained
the early runaway simply: "They
just couldn't hit and we were
hot."
The cagers' opening spurt was
undoubtedly inspired by the
large crowd. Getting big ova

tions on scores for the first time
in their careers, the Cards fast
breaked and used the height of
6-foot-l Maggie Nelson to score
on repeated short shots.
Cal finally woke up after the
first ten minutes and scored 37
points to Stanford's 38 from then
on. By that time though the
crowd was already asking to see
the Stanford subs.

Questionably, Coburn kept in
most of her regulars in the sec
ond half and subbed only
sporadically. "I wanted to see
how certain players played with
the varsity and to work on some
new plays," she explained. It
was unique though to see a team
up by 30 points use a full court
press up to the final horn.
Friday's contest was the Red's
best game to date. Stanford took
a small lead early in the first half

against an older, stronger squad
and the Red never fell behind.
San Francisco State, lacking
height in the middle, was never
more than six points down but
was unable to penetrate inside.
Sukie Jackson's 21 points and
Nancy Lovvold's ball handling
were keys to the win.

The cagers upped their record
to 4-2 and now will play four
consecutive road games.

Ruggers win
The Stanford rugby team de
feated Santa Clara Saturday,
15-13, at Santa Clara. The win
evened the ruggers' record at
2-2.
The Stanford women cagers
edged San Francisco State,
54-51, Friday night before
trouncing California, 65-37, in
front of close to a 1000 fans at
Maples Pavilion. It was the wo
men's largest crowd ever, due in
part to the preceeding men's
contest.
If Cal had decided to just play
the last three-quarters of the
game it might have been a con
test. It took the Golden Bears
9:23 to score and by that time
Stanford had already pumped in
27 points.
Coach Gay Coburn explained
the early runaway simply: "They
just couldn't hit and we were
hot."
The cagers' opening spurt was
undoubtedly inspired by the
large crowd. Getting big ova

tions on scores for the first time
in their careers, the Cards fast
breaked and used the height of
6-foot-l Maggie Nelson to score
on repeated short shots.
Cal finally woke up after the
first ten minutes and scored 37
points to Stanford's 38 from then
on. By that time though the
crowd was already asking to see
the Stanford subs.

Questionably, Coburn kept in
most of her regulars in the sec
ond half and subbed only
sporadically. "I wanted to see
how certain players played with
the varsity and to work on some
new plays," she explained. It
was unique though to see a team
up by 30 points use a full court
press up to the final horn.
Friday's contest was the Red's
best game to date. Stanford took
a small lead early in the first half

against an older, stronger squad
and the Red never fell behind.
San Francisco State, lacking
height in the middle, was never
more than six points down but
was unable to penetrate inside.
Sukie Jackson's 21 points and
Nancy Lovvold's ball handling
were keys to the win.

The cagers upped their record
to 4-2 and now will play four
consecutive road games.

Ruggers win
The Stanford rugby team de
feated Santa Clara Saturday,
15-13, at Santa Clara. The win
evened the ruggers' record at
2-2.
The Stanford women cagers
edged San Francisco State,
54-51, Friday night before
trouncing California, 65-37, in
front of close to a 1000 fans at
Maples Pavilion. It was the wo
men's largest crowd ever, due in
part to the preceeding men's
contest.
If Cal had decided to just play
the last three-quarters of the
game it might have been a con
test. It took the Golden Bears
9:23 to score and by that time
Stanford had already pumped in
27 points.
Coach Gay Coburn explained
the early runaway simply: "They
just couldn't hit and we were
hot."
The cagers' opening spurt was
undoubtedly inspired by the
large crowd. Getting big ova

tions on scores for the first time
in their careers, the Cards fast
breaked and used the height of
6-foot-l Maggie Nelson to score
on repeated short shots.
Cal finally woke up after the
first ten minutes and scored 37
points to Stanford's 38 from then
on. By that time though the
crowd was already asking to see
the Stanford subs.

Questionably, Coburn kept in
most of her regulars in the sec
ond half and subbed only
sporadically. "I wanted to see
how certain players played with
the varsity and to work on some
new plays," she explained. It
was unique though to see a team
up by 30 points use a full court
press up to the final horn.
Friday's contest was the Red's
best game to date. Stanford took
a small lead early in the first half

against an older, stronger squad
and the Red never fell behind.
San Francisco State, lacking
height in the middle, was never
more than six points down but
was unable to penetrate inside.
Sukie Jackson's 21 points and
Nancy Lovvold's ball handling
were keys to the win.

The cagers upped their record
to 4-2 and now will play four
consecutive road games.

Ruggers win
The Stanford rugby team de
feated Santa Clara Saturday,
15-13, at Santa Clara. The win
evened the ruggers' record at
2-2.
The Stanford women cagers
edged San Francisco State,
54-51, Friday night before
trouncing California, 65-37, in
front of close to a 1000 fans at
Maples Pavilion. It was the wo
men's largest crowd ever, due in
part to the preceeding men's
contest.
If Cal had decided to just play
the last three-quarters of the
game it might have been a con
test. It took the Golden Bears
9:23 to score and by that time
Stanford had already pumped in
27 points.
Coach Gay Coburn explained
the early runaway simply: "They
just couldn't hit and we were
hot."
The cagers' opening spurt was
undoubtedly inspired by the
large crowd. Getting big ova

tions on scores for the first time
in their careers, the Cards fast
breaked and used the height of
6-foot-l Maggie Nelson to score
on repeated short shots.
Cal finally woke up after the
first ten minutes and scored 37
points to Stanford's 38 from then
on. By that time though the
crowd was already asking to see
the Stanford subs.

Questionably, Coburn kept in
most of her regulars in the sec
ond half and subbed only
sporadically. "I wanted to see
how certain players played with
the varsity and to work on some
new plays," she explained. It
was unique though to see a team
up by 30 points use a full court
press up to the final horn.
Friday's contest was the Red's
best game to date. Stanford took
a small lead early in the first half

against an older, stronger squad
and the Red never fell behind.
San Francisco State, lacking
height in the middle, was never
more than six points down but
was unable to penetrate inside.
Sukie Jackson's 21 points and
Nancy Lovvold's ball handling
were keys to the win.

The cagers upped their record
to 4-2 and now will play four
consecutive road games.

Ruggers win
The Stanford rugby team de
feated Santa Clara Saturday,
15-13, at Santa Clara. The win
evened the ruggers' record at
2-2.
The Stanford women cagers
edged San Francisco State,
54-51, Friday night before
trouncing California, 65-37, in
front of close to a 1000 fans at
Maples Pavilion. It was the wo
men's largest crowd ever, due in
part to the preceeding men's
contest.
If Cal had decided to just play
the last three-quarters of the
game it might have been a con
test. It took the Golden Bears
9:23 to score and by that time
Stanford had already pumped in
27 points.
Coach Gay Coburn explained
the early runaway simply: "They
just couldn't hit and we were
hot."
The cagers' opening spurt was
undoubtedly inspired by the
large crowd. Getting big ova

tions on scores for the first time
in their careers, the Cards fast
breaked and used the height of
6-foot-l Maggie Nelson to score
on repeated short shots.
Cal finally woke up after the
first ten minutes and scored 37
points to Stanford's 38 from then
on. By that time though the
crowd was already asking to see
the Stanford subs.

Questionably, Coburn kept in
most of her regulars in the sec
ond half and subbed only
sporadically. "I wanted to see
how certain players played with
the varsity and to work on some
new plays," she explained. It
was unique though to see a team
up by 30 points use a full court
press up to the final horn.
Friday's contest was the Red's
best game to date. Stanford took
a small lead early in the first half

against an older, stronger squad
and the Red never fell behind.
San Francisco State, lacking
height in the middle, was never
more than six points down but
was unable to penetrate inside.
Sukie Jackson's 21 points and
Nancy Lovvold's ball handling
were keys to the win.

The cagers upped their record
to 4-2 and now will play four
consecutive road games.

Ruggers win
The Stanford rugby team de
feated Santa Clara Saturday,
15-13, at Santa Clara. The win
evened the ruggers' record at
2-2.
The Stanford women cagers
edged San Francisco State,
54-51, Friday night before
trouncing California, 65-37, in
front of close to a 1000 fans at
Maples Pavilion. It was the wo
men's largest crowd ever, due in
part to the preceeding men's
contest.
If Cal had decided to just play
the last three-quarters of the
game it might have been a con
test. It took the Golden Bears
9:23 to score and by that time
Stanford had already pumped in
27 points.
Coach Gay Coburn explained
the early runaway simply: "They
just couldn't hit and we were
hot."
The cagers' opening spurt was
undoubtedly inspired by the
large crowd. Getting big ova

tions on scores for the first time
in their careers, the Cards fast
breaked and used the height of
6-foot-l Maggie Nelson to score
on repeated short shots.
Cal finally woke up after the
first ten minutes and scored 37
points to Stanford's 38 from then
on. By that time though the
crowd was already asking to see
the Stanford subs.

Questionably, Coburn kept in
most of her regulars in the sec
ond half and subbed only
sporadically. "I wanted to see
how certain players played with
the varsity and to work on some
new plays," she explained. It
was unique though to see a team
up by 30 points use a full court
press up to the final horn.
Friday's contest was the Red's
best game to date. Stanford took
a small lead early in the first half

against an older, stronger squad
and the Red never fell behind.
San Francisco State, lacking
height in the middle, was never
more than six points down but
was unable to penetrate inside.
Sukie Jackson's 21 points and
Nancy Lovvold's ball handling
were keys to the win.

The cagers upped their record
to 4-2 and now will play four
consecutive road games.

Ruggers win
The Stanford rugby team de
feated Santa Clara Saturday,
15-13, at Santa Clara. The win
evened the ruggers' record at
2-2.
The Stanford women cagers
edged San Francisco State,
54-51, Friday night before
trouncing California, 65-37, in
front of close to a 1000 fans at
Maples Pavilion. It was the wo
men's largest crowd ever, due in
part to the preceeding men's
contest.
If Cal had decided to just play
the last three-quarters of the
game it might have been a con
test. It took the Golden Bears
9:23 to score and by that time
Stanford had already pumped in
27 points.
Coach Gay Coburn explained
the early runaway simply: "They
just couldn't hit and we were
hot."
The cagers' opening spurt was
undoubtedly inspired by the
large crowd. Getting big ova

tions on scores for the first time
in their careers, the Cards fast
breaked and used the height of
6-foot-l Maggie Nelson to score
on repeated short shots.
Cal finally woke up after the
first ten minutes and scored 37
points to Stanford's 38 from then
on. By that time though the
crowd was already asking to see
the Stanford subs.

Questionably, Coburn kept in
most of her regulars in the sec
ond half and subbed only
sporadically. "I wanted to see
how certain players played with
the varsity and to work on some
new plays," she explained. It
was unique though to see a team
up by 30 points use a full court
press up to the final horn.
Friday's contest was the Red's
best game to date. Stanford took
a small lead early in the first half

against an older, stronger squad
and the Red never fell behind.
San Francisco State, lacking
height in the middle, was never
more than six points down but
was unable to penetrate inside.
Sukie Jackson's 21 points and
Nancy Lovvold's ball handling
were keys to the win.

The cagers upped their record
to 4-2 and now will play four
consecutive road games.

Ruggers win
The Stanford rugby team de
feated Santa Clara Saturday,
15-13, at Santa Clara. The win
evened the ruggers' record at
2-2.
The Stanford women cagers
edged San Francisco State,
54-51, Friday night before
trouncing California, 65-37, in
front of close to a 1000 fans at
Maples Pavilion. It was the wo
men's largest crowd ever, due in
part to the preceeding men's
contest.
If Cal had decided to just play
the last three-quarters of the
game it might have been a con
test. It took the Golden Bears
9:23 to score and by that time
Stanford had already pumped in
27 points.
Coach Gay Coburn explained
the early runaway simply: "They
just couldn't hit and we were
hot."
The cagers' opening spurt was
undoubtedly inspired by the
large crowd. Getting big ova

tions on scores for the first time
in their careers, the Cards fast
breaked and used the height of
6-foot-l Maggie Nelson to score
on repeated short shots.
Cal finally woke up after the
first ten minutes and scored 37
points to Stanford's 38 from then
on. By that time though the
crowd was already asking to see
the Stanford subs.

Questionably, Coburn kept in
most of her regulars in the sec
ond half and subbed only
sporadically. "I wanted to see
how certain players played with
the varsity and to work on some
new plays," she explained. It
was unique though to see a team
up by 30 points use a full court
press up to the final horn.
Friday's contest was the Red's
best game to date. Stanford took
a small lead early in the first half

against an older, stronger squad
and the Red never fell behind.
San Francisco State, lacking
height in the middle, was never
more than six points down but
was unable to penetrate inside.
Sukie Jackson's 21 points and
Nancy Lovvold's ball handling
were keys to the win.

The cagers upped their record
to 4-2 and now will play four
consecutive road games.

Ruggers win
The Stanford rugby team de
feated Santa Clara Saturday,
15-13, at Santa Clara. The win
evened the ruggers' record at
2-2.
The Stanford women cagers
edged San Francisco State,
54-51, Friday night before
trouncing California, 65-37, in
front of close to a 1000 fans at
Maples Pavilion. It was the wo
men's largest crowd ever, due in
part to the preceeding men's
contest.
If Cal had decided to just play
the last three-quarters of the
game it might have been a con
test. It took the Golden Bears
9:23 to score and by that time
Stanford had already pumped in
27 points.
Coach Gay Coburn explained
the early runaway simply: "They
just couldn't hit and we were
hot."
The cagers' opening spurt was
undoubtedly inspired by the
large crowd. Getting big ova

tions on scores for the first time
in their careers, the Cards fast
breaked and used the height of
6-foot-l Maggie Nelson to score
on repeated short shots.
Cal finally woke up after the
first ten minutes and scored 37
points to Stanford's 38 from then
on. By that time though the
crowd was already asking to see
the Stanford subs.

Questionably, Coburn kept in
most of her regulars in the sec
ond half and subbed only
sporadically. "I wanted to see
how certain players played with
the varsity and to work on some
new plays," she explained. It
was unique though to see a team
up by 30 points use a full court
press up to the final horn.
Friday's contest was the Red's
best game to date. Stanford took
a small lead early in the first half

against an older, stronger squad
and the Red never fell behind.
San Francisco State, lacking
height in the middle, was never
more than six points down but
was unable to penetrate inside.
Sukie Jackson's 21 points and
Nancy Lovvold's ball handling
were keys to the win.

The cagers upped their record
to 4-2 and now will play four
consecutive road games.

Ruggers win
The Stanford rugby team de
feated Santa Clara Saturday,
15-13, at Santa Clara. The win
evened the ruggers' record at
2-2.
The Stanford women cagers
edged San Francisco State,
54-51, Friday night before
trouncing California, 65-37, in
front of close to a 1000 fans at
Maples Pavilion. It was the wo
men's largest crowd ever, due in
part to the preceeding men's
contest.
If Cal had decided to just play
the last three-quarters of the
game it might have been a con
test. It took the Golden Bears
9:23 to score and by that time
Stanford had already pumped in
27 points.
Coach Gay Coburn explained
the early runaway simply: "They
just couldn't hit and we were
hot."
The cagers' opening spurt was
undoubtedly inspired by the
large crowd. Getting big ova

tions on scores for the first time
in their careers, the Cards fast
breaked and used the height of
6-foot-l Maggie Nelson to score
on repeated short shots.
Cal finally woke up after the
first ten minutes and scored 37
points to Stanford's 38 from then
on. By that time though the
crowd was already asking to see
the Stanford subs.

Questionably, Coburn kept in
most of her regulars in the sec
ond half and subbed only
sporadically. "I wanted to see
how certain players played with
the varsity and to work on some
new plays," she explained. It
was unique though to see a team
up by 30 points use a full court
press up to the final horn.
Friday's contest was the Red's
best game to date. Stanford took
a small lead early in the first half

against an older, stronger squad
and the Red never fell behind.
San Francisco State, lacking
height in the middle, was never
more than six points down but
was unable to penetrate inside.
Sukie Jackson's 21 points and
Nancy Lovvold's ball handling
were keys to the win.

The cagers upped their record
to 4-2 and now will play four
consecutive road games.

Ruggers win
The Stanford rugby team de
feated Santa Clara Saturday,
15-13, at Santa Clara. The win
evened the ruggers' record at
2-2.
The Stanford women cagers
edged San Francisco State,
54-51, Friday night before
trouncing California, 65-37, in
front of close to a 1000 fans at
Maples Pavilion. It was the wo
men's largest crowd ever, due in
part to the preceeding men's
contest.
If Cal had decided to just play
the last three-quarters of the
game it might have been a con
test. It took the Golden Bears
9:23 to score and by that time
Stanford had already pumped in
27 points.
Coach Gay Coburn explained
the early runaway simply: "They
just couldn't hit and we were
hot."
The cagers' opening spurt was
undoubtedly inspired by the
large crowd. Getting big ova

tions on scores for the first time
in their careers, the Cards fast
breaked and used the height of
6-foot-l Maggie Nelson to score
on repeated short shots.
Cal finally woke up after the
first ten minutes and scored 37
points to Stanford's 38 from then
on. By that time though the
crowd was already asking to see
the Stanford subs.

Questionably, Coburn kept in
most of her regulars in the sec
ond half and subbed only
sporadically. "I wanted to see
how certain players played with
the varsity and to work on some
new plays," she explained. It
was unique though to see a team
up by 30 points use a full court
press up to the final horn.
Friday's contest was the Red's
best game to date. Stanford took
a small lead early in the first half

against an older, stronger squad
and the Red never fell behind.
San Francisco State, lacking
height in the middle, was never
more than six points down but
was unable to penetrate inside.
Sukie Jackson's 21 points and
Nancy Lovvold's ball handling
were keys to the win.

The cagers upped their record
to 4-2 and now will play four
consecutive road games.

Ruggers win
The Stanford rugby team de
feated Santa Clara Saturday,
15-13, at Santa Clara. The win
evened the ruggers' record at
2-2.
The Stanford women cagers
edged San Francisco State,
54-51, Friday night before
trouncing California, 65-37, in
front of close to a 1000 fans at
Maples Pavilion. It was the wo
men's largest crowd ever, due in
part to the preceeding men's
contest.
If Cal had decided to just play
the last three-quarters of the
game it might have been a con
test. It took the Golden Bears
9:23 to score and by that time
Stanford had already pumped in
27 points.
Coach Gay Coburn explained
the early runaway simply: "They
just couldn't hit and we were
hot."
The cagers' opening spurt was
undoubtedly inspired by the
large crowd. Getting big ova

tions on scores for the first time
in their careers, the Cards fast
breaked and used the height of
6-foot-l Maggie Nelson to score
on repeated short shots.
Cal finally woke up after the
first ten minutes and scored 37
points to Stanford's 38 from then
on. By that time though the
crowd was already asking to see
the Stanford subs.

Questionably, Coburn kept in
most of her regulars in the sec
ond half and subbed only
sporadically. "I wanted to see
how certain players played with
the varsity and to work on some
new plays," she explained. It
was unique though to see a team
up by 30 points use a full court
press up to the final horn.
Friday's contest was the Red's
best game to date. Stanford took
a small lead early in the first half

against an older, stronger squad
and the Red never fell behind.
San Francisco State, lacking
height in the middle, was never
more than six points down but
was unable to penetrate inside.
Sukie Jackson's 21 points and
Nancy Lovvold's ball handling
were keys to the win.

The cagers upped their record
to 4-2 and now will play four
consecutive road games.

Ruggers win
The Stanford rugby team de
feated Santa Clara Saturday,
15-13, at Santa Clara. The win
evened the ruggers' record at
2-2.
