# Adv. 7 Page 2
## 
### 
REDUCED RATES FOR
STANFORD STUDENTS
Roller Skating
Every Friday Night
9:30 - 12:00
SPECIAL RATE—3Sc
with student body card
open nightly except Monday
b Thursday—Admmion 55c
Skate Haven
3175 Middlefield
DA 3-0482
REDUCED RATES FOR
STANFORD STUDENTS
Roller Skating
Every Friday Night
9:30 - 12:00
SPECIAL RATE—3Sc
with student body card
open nightly except Monday
b Thursday—Admmion 55c
Skate Haven
3175 Middlefield
DA 3-0482
REDUCED RATES FOR
STANFORD STUDENTS
Roller Skating
Every Friday Night
9:30 - 12:00
SPECIAL RATE—3Sc
with student body card
open nightly except Monday
b Thursday—Admmion 55c
Skate Haven
3175 Middlefield
DA 3-0482
REDUCED RATES FOR
STANFORD STUDENTS
Roller Skating
Every Friday Night
9:30 - 12:00
SPECIAL RATE—3Sc
with student body card
open nightly except Monday
b Thursday—Admmion 55c
Skate Haven
3175 Middlefield
DA 3-0482
REDUCED RATES FOR
STANFORD STUDENTS
Roller Skating
Every Friday Night
9:30 - 12:00
SPECIAL RATE—3Sc
with student body card
open nightly except Monday
b Thursday—Admmion 55c
Skate Haven
3175 Middlefield
DA 3-0482
REDUCED RATES FOR
STANFORD STUDENTS
Roller Skating
Every Friday Night
9:30 - 12:00
SPECIAL RATE—3Sc
with student body card
open nightly except Monday
b Thursday—Admmion 55c
Skate Haven
3175 Middlefield
DA 3-0482
REDUCED RATES FOR
STANFORD STUDENTS
Roller Skating
Every Friday Night
9:30 - 12:00
SPECIAL RATE—3Sc
with student body card
open nightly except Monday
b Thursday—Admmion 55c
Skate Haven
3175 Middlefield
DA 3-0482
REDUCED RATES FOR
STANFORD STUDENTS
Roller Skating
Every Friday Night
9:30 - 12:00
SPECIAL RATE—3Sc
with student body card
open nightly except Monday
b Thursday—Admmion 55c
Skate Haven
3175 Middlefield
DA 3-0482
REDUCED RATES FOR
STANFORD STUDENTS
Roller Skating
Every Friday Night
9:30 - 12:00
SPECIAL RATE—3Sc
with student body card
open nightly except Monday
b Thursday—Admmion 55c
Skate Haven
3175 Middlefield
DA 3-0482
REDUCED RATES FOR
STANFORD STUDENTS
Roller Skating
Every Friday Night
9:30 - 12:00
SPECIAL RATE—3Sc
with student body card
open nightly except Monday
b Thursday—Admmion 55c
Skate Haven
3175 Middlefield
DA 3-0482
REDUCED RATES FOR
STANFORD STUDENTS
Roller Skating
Every Friday Night
9:30 - 12:00
SPECIAL RATE—3Sc
with student body card
open nightly except Monday
b Thursday—Admmion 55c
Skate Haven
3175 Middlefield
DA 3-0482
REDUCED RATES FOR
STANFORD STUDENTS
Roller Skating
Every Friday Night
9:30 - 12:00
SPECIAL RATE—3Sc
with student body card
open nightly except Monday
b Thursday—Admmion 55c
Skate Haven
3175 Middlefield
DA 3-0482
REDUCED RATES FOR
STANFORD STUDENTS
Roller Skating
Every Friday Night
9:30 - 12:00
SPECIAL RATE—3Sc
with student body card
open nightly except Monday
b Thursday—Admmion 55c
Skate Haven
3175 Middlefield
DA 3-0482
REDUCED RATES FOR
STANFORD STUDENTS
Roller Skating
Every Friday Night
9:30 - 12:00
SPECIAL RATE—3Sc
with student body card
open nightly except Monday
b Thursday—Admmion 55c
Skate Haven
3175 Middlefield
DA 3-0482
