# Farm Librarian Is New Head of Music Group
## 
### 
Edward Colby, music librarian in
the Stanford University Music De
partment, is the new president ol
the national Music Library Associ
ation.
Colby's election took place at a
meeting of the association in San
Francisco. He succeeds Scott Gold
thwaite of the University of Chi
cago.
Edward Colby, music librarian in
the Stanford University Music De
partment, is the new president ol
the national Music Library Associ
ation.
Colby's election took place at a
meeting of the association in San
Francisco. He succeeds Scott Gold
thwaite of the University of Chi
cago.
Edward Colby, music librarian in
the Stanford University Music De
partment, is the new president ol
the national Music Library Associ
ation.
Colby's election took place at a
meeting of the association in San
Francisco. He succeeds Scott Gold
thwaite of the University of Chi
cago.
Edward Colby, music librarian in
the Stanford University Music De
partment, is the new president ol
the national Music Library Associ
ation.
Colby's election took place at a
meeting of the association in San
Francisco. He succeeds Scott Gold
thwaite of the University of Chi
cago.
Edward Colby, music librarian in
the Stanford University Music De
partment, is the new president ol
the national Music Library Associ
ation.
Colby's election took place at a
meeting of the association in San
Francisco. He succeeds Scott Gold
thwaite of the University of Chi
cago.
Edward Colby, music librarian in
the Stanford University Music De
partment, is the new president ol
the national Music Library Associ
ation.
Colby's election took place at a
meeting of the association in San
Francisco. He succeeds Scott Gold
thwaite of the University of Chi
cago.
Edward Colby, music librarian in
the Stanford University Music De
partment, is the new president ol
the national Music Library Associ
ation.
Colby's election took place at a
meeting of the association in San
Francisco. He succeeds Scott Gold
thwaite of the University of Chi
cago.
Edward Colby, music librarian in
the Stanford University Music De
partment, is the new president ol
the national Music Library Associ
ation.
Colby's election took place at a
meeting of the association in San
Francisco. He succeeds Scott Gold
thwaite of the University of Chi
cago.
Edward Colby, music librarian in
the Stanford University Music De
partment, is the new president ol
the national Music Library Associ
ation.
Colby's election took place at a
meeting of the association in San
Francisco. He succeeds Scott Gold
thwaite of the University of Chi
cago.
Edward Colby, music librarian in
the Stanford University Music De
partment, is the new president ol
the national Music Library Associ
ation.
Colby's election took place at a
meeting of the association in San
Francisco. He succeeds Scott Gold
thwaite of the University of Chi
cago.
Edward Colby, music librarian in
the Stanford University Music De
partment, is the new president ol
the national Music Library Associ
ation.
Colby's election took place at a
meeting of the association in San
Francisco. He succeeds Scott Gold
thwaite of the University of Chi
cago.
Edward Colby, music librarian in
the Stanford University Music De
partment, is the new president ol
the national Music Library Associ
ation.
Colby's election took place at a
meeting of the association in San
Francisco. He succeeds Scott Gold
thwaite of the University of Chi
cago.
Edward Colby, music librarian in
the Stanford University Music De
partment, is the new president ol
the national Music Library Associ
ation.
Colby's election took place at a
meeting of the association in San
Francisco. He succeeds Scott Gold
thwaite of the University of Chi
cago.
Edward Colby, music librarian in
the Stanford University Music De
partment, is the new president ol
the national Music Library Associ
ation.
Colby's election took place at a
meeting of the association in San
Francisco. He succeeds Scott Gold
thwaite of the University of Chi
cago.
