# Kidney Cancer Produced In Stanford Lab
## 
### 
The discovery of a new method of
producing kidney cancer artificially
in the laboratory was announced
yesterday by a team of Stanford sci
entists.
Writing in the February issue of
the Journal of Cancer Research, Dr.
Had ley Kirkman and Dr. R. L. Ba
con, both members of Stanford's
anatomy department faculty, re
ported that administration of a syn
thetic female sex hormone to male
hamsters consistently resulted in
development of kidney tumors
which ultimately became malignant,
The hormone, d iethylstilbestrol, is
administered in large doses over a
period of approximately half the
life-time of the guinea-pig-like lit
tle animals which have proved so
useful in medical research.
Curiously enough, the scientists
pointed out, the hormone does not
produce malignant tumors in other
types of laboratory animals and in
fact is used successfully as a weapon
against cancer of the prostate in
human beings.
Rut the quirk of nature that ap
parently produces the kidney can
cers in male hamsters only, opens
up a new path for experimental
study of kidney cancer under con
trolled conditions. The Stanford ex
periment is believed to be the first
in which a kidney tumor has been
produced by the use of sex hor
mones.
The reseaj'ch, financed to a large
extent by the American Cancer So
ciety and the National Cancer Insti
tute of the U.S. Public Heatlh Serv
ice, is continuing to determine,
among other things, the exact ori
gin and composition of the tumor
cells.
The two anatomists hope that a
precise analysis of the composition
of the malignant tumors xnay prove
them to be kidney embryomas, or
Wilms tumors, a deadly kidney dis
ease which claims the lives of many
children.
Should this prove to be the case —
and there is only slight scientific
evidence as yet to support the hope
—the opportunity would then exist
to attack the kidtiey disease in the
laboratory.
The discovery of a new method of
producing kidney cancer artificially
in the laboratory was announced
yesterday by a team of Stanford sci
entists.
Writing in the February issue of
the Journal of Cancer Research, Dr.
Had ley Kirkman and Dr. R. L. Ba
con, both members of Stanford's
anatomy department faculty, re
ported that administration of a syn
thetic female sex hormone to male
hamsters consistently resulted in
development of kidney tumors
which ultimately became malignant,
The hormone, d iethylstilbestrol, is
administered in large doses over a
period of approximately half the
life-time of the guinea-pig-like lit
tle animals which have proved so
useful in medical research.
Curiously enough, the scientists
pointed out, the hormone does not
produce malignant tumors in other
types of laboratory animals and in
fact is used successfully as a weapon
against cancer of the prostate in
human beings.
Rut the quirk of nature that ap
parently produces the kidney can
cers in male hamsters only, opens
up a new path for experimental
study of kidney cancer under con
trolled conditions. The Stanford ex
periment is believed to be the first
in which a kidney tumor has been
produced by the use of sex hor
mones.
The reseaj'ch, financed to a large
extent by the American Cancer So
ciety and the National Cancer Insti
tute of the U.S. Public Heatlh Serv
ice, is continuing to determine,
among other things, the exact ori
gin and composition of the tumor
cells.
The two anatomists hope that a
precise analysis of the composition
of the malignant tumors xnay prove
them to be kidney embryomas, or
Wilms tumors, a deadly kidney dis
ease which claims the lives of many
children.
Should this prove to be the case —
and there is only slight scientific
evidence as yet to support the hope
—the opportunity would then exist
to attack the kidtiey disease in the
laboratory.
The discovery of a new method of
producing kidney cancer artificially
in the laboratory was announced
yesterday by a team of Stanford sci
entists.
Writing in the February issue of
the Journal of Cancer Research, Dr.
Had ley Kirkman and Dr. R. L. Ba
con, both members of Stanford's
anatomy department faculty, re
ported that administration of a syn
thetic female sex hormone to male
hamsters consistently resulted in
development of kidney tumors
which ultimately became malignant,
The hormone, d iethylstilbestrol, is
administered in large doses over a
period of approximately half the
life-time of the guinea-pig-like lit
tle animals which have proved so
useful in medical research.
Curiously enough, the scientists
pointed out, the hormone does not
produce malignant tumors in other
types of laboratory animals and in
fact is used successfully as a weapon
against cancer of the prostate in
human beings.
Rut the quirk of nature that ap
parently produces the kidney can
cers in male hamsters only, opens
up a new path for experimental
study of kidney cancer under con
trolled conditions. The Stanford ex
periment is believed to be the first
in which a kidney tumor has been
produced by the use of sex hor
mones.
The reseaj'ch, financed to a large
extent by the American Cancer So
ciety and the National Cancer Insti
tute of the U.S. Public Heatlh Serv
ice, is continuing to determine,
among other things, the exact ori
gin and composition of the tumor
cells.
The two anatomists hope that a
precise analysis of the composition
of the malignant tumors xnay prove
them to be kidney embryomas, or
Wilms tumors, a deadly kidney dis
ease which claims the lives of many
children.
Should this prove to be the case —
and there is only slight scientific
evidence as yet to support the hope
—the opportunity would then exist
to attack the kidtiey disease in the
laboratory.
The discovery of a new method of
producing kidney cancer artificially
in the laboratory was announced
yesterday by a team of Stanford sci
entists.
Writing in the February issue of
the Journal of Cancer Research, Dr.
Had ley Kirkman and Dr. R. L. Ba
con, both members of Stanford's
anatomy department faculty, re
ported that administration of a syn
thetic female sex hormone to male
hamsters consistently resulted in
development of kidney tumors
which ultimately became malignant,
The hormone, d iethylstilbestrol, is
administered in large doses over a
period of approximately half the
life-time of the guinea-pig-like lit
tle animals which have proved so
useful in medical research.
Curiously enough, the scientists
pointed out, the hormone does not
produce malignant tumors in other
types of laboratory animals and in
fact is used successfully as a weapon
against cancer of the prostate in
human beings.
Rut the quirk of nature that ap
parently produces the kidney can
cers in male hamsters only, opens
up a new path for experimental
study of kidney cancer under con
trolled conditions. The Stanford ex
periment is believed to be the first
in which a kidney tumor has been
produced by the use of sex hor
mones.
The reseaj'ch, financed to a large
extent by the American Cancer So
ciety and the National Cancer Insti
tute of the U.S. Public Heatlh Serv
ice, is continuing to determine,
among other things, the exact ori
gin and composition of the tumor
cells.
The two anatomists hope that a
precise analysis of the composition
of the malignant tumors xnay prove
them to be kidney embryomas, or
Wilms tumors, a deadly kidney dis
ease which claims the lives of many
children.
Should this prove to be the case —
and there is only slight scientific
evidence as yet to support the hope
—the opportunity would then exist
to attack the kidtiey disease in the
laboratory.
The discovery of a new method of
producing kidney cancer artificially
in the laboratory was announced
yesterday by a team of Stanford sci
entists.
Writing in the February issue of
the Journal of Cancer Research, Dr.
Had ley Kirkman and Dr. R. L. Ba
con, both members of Stanford's
anatomy department faculty, re
ported that administration of a syn
thetic female sex hormone to male
hamsters consistently resulted in
development of kidney tumors
which ultimately became malignant,
The hormone, d iethylstilbestrol, is
administered in large doses over a
period of approximately half the
life-time of the guinea-pig-like lit
tle animals which have proved so
useful in medical research.
Curiously enough, the scientists
pointed out, the hormone does not
produce malignant tumors in other
types of laboratory animals and in
fact is used successfully as a weapon
against cancer of the prostate in
human beings.
Rut the quirk of nature that ap
parently produces the kidney can
cers in male hamsters only, opens
up a new path for experimental
study of kidney cancer under con
trolled conditions. The Stanford ex
periment is believed to be the first
in which a kidney tumor has been
produced by the use of sex hor
mones.
The reseaj'ch, financed to a large
extent by the American Cancer So
ciety and the National Cancer Insti
tute of the U.S. Public Heatlh Serv
ice, is continuing to determine,
among other things, the exact ori
gin and composition of the tumor
cells.
The two anatomists hope that a
precise analysis of the composition
of the malignant tumors xnay prove
them to be kidney embryomas, or
Wilms tumors, a deadly kidney dis
ease which claims the lives of many
children.
Should this prove to be the case —
and there is only slight scientific
evidence as yet to support the hope
—the opportunity would then exist
to attack the kidtiey disease in the
laboratory.
The discovery of a new method of
producing kidney cancer artificially
in the laboratory was announced
yesterday by a team of Stanford sci
entists.
Writing in the February issue of
the Journal of Cancer Research, Dr.
Had ley Kirkman and Dr. R. L. Ba
con, both members of Stanford's
anatomy department faculty, re
ported that administration of a syn
thetic female sex hormone to male
hamsters consistently resulted in
development of kidney tumors
which ultimately became malignant,
The hormone, d iethylstilbestrol, is
administered in large doses over a
period of approximately half the
life-time of the guinea-pig-like lit
tle animals which have proved so
useful in medical research.
Curiously enough, the scientists
pointed out, the hormone does not
produce malignant tumors in other
types of laboratory animals and in
fact is used successfully as a weapon
against cancer of the prostate in
human beings.
Rut the quirk of nature that ap
parently produces the kidney can
cers in male hamsters only, opens
up a new path for experimental
study of kidney cancer under con
trolled conditions. The Stanford ex
periment is believed to be the first
in which a kidney tumor has been
produced by the use of sex hor
mones.
The reseaj'ch, financed to a large
extent by the American Cancer So
ciety and the National Cancer Insti
tute of the U.S. Public Heatlh Serv
ice, is continuing to determine,
among other things, the exact ori
gin and composition of the tumor
cells.
The two anatomists hope that a
precise analysis of the composition
of the malignant tumors xnay prove
them to be kidney embryomas, or
Wilms tumors, a deadly kidney dis
ease which claims the lives of many
children.
Should this prove to be the case —
and there is only slight scientific
evidence as yet to support the hope
—the opportunity would then exist
to attack the kidtiey disease in the
laboratory.
The discovery of a new method of
producing kidney cancer artificially
in the laboratory was announced
yesterday by a team of Stanford sci
entists.
Writing in the February issue of
the Journal of Cancer Research, Dr.
Had ley Kirkman and Dr. R. L. Ba
con, both members of Stanford's
anatomy department faculty, re
ported that administration of a syn
thetic female sex hormone to male
hamsters consistently resulted in
development of kidney tumors
which ultimately became malignant,
The hormone, d iethylstilbestrol, is
administered in large doses over a
period of approximately half the
life-time of the guinea-pig-like lit
tle animals which have proved so
useful in medical research.
Curiously enough, the scientists
pointed out, the hormone does not
produce malignant tumors in other
types of laboratory animals and in
fact is used successfully as a weapon
against cancer of the prostate in
human beings.
Rut the quirk of nature that ap
parently produces the kidney can
cers in male hamsters only, opens
up a new path for experimental
study of kidney cancer under con
trolled conditions. The Stanford ex
periment is believed to be the first
in which a kidney tumor has been
produced by the use of sex hor
mones.
The reseaj'ch, financed to a large
extent by the American Cancer So
ciety and the National Cancer Insti
tute of the U.S. Public Heatlh Serv
ice, is continuing to determine,
among other things, the exact ori
gin and composition of the tumor
cells.
The two anatomists hope that a
precise analysis of the composition
of the malignant tumors xnay prove
them to be kidney embryomas, or
Wilms tumors, a deadly kidney dis
ease which claims the lives of many
children.
Should this prove to be the case —
and there is only slight scientific
evidence as yet to support the hope
—the opportunity would then exist
to attack the kidtiey disease in the
laboratory.
The discovery of a new method of
producing kidney cancer artificially
in the laboratory was announced
yesterday by a team of Stanford sci
entists.
Writing in the February issue of
the Journal of Cancer Research, Dr.
Had ley Kirkman and Dr. R. L. Ba
con, both members of Stanford's
anatomy department faculty, re
ported that administration of a syn
thetic female sex hormone to male
hamsters consistently resulted in
development of kidney tumors
which ultimately became malignant,
The hormone, d iethylstilbestrol, is
administered in large doses over a
period of approximately half the
life-time of the guinea-pig-like lit
tle animals which have proved so
useful in medical research.
Curiously enough, the scientists
pointed out, the hormone does not
produce malignant tumors in other
types of laboratory animals and in
fact is used successfully as a weapon
against cancer of the prostate in
human beings.
Rut the quirk of nature that ap
parently produces the kidney can
cers in male hamsters only, opens
up a new path for experimental
study of kidney cancer under con
trolled conditions. The Stanford ex
periment is believed to be the first
in which a kidney tumor has been
produced by the use of sex hor
mones.
The reseaj'ch, financed to a large
extent by the American Cancer So
ciety and the National Cancer Insti
tute of the U.S. Public Heatlh Serv
ice, is continuing to determine,
among other things, the exact ori
gin and composition of the tumor
cells.
The two anatomists hope that a
precise analysis of the composition
of the malignant tumors xnay prove
them to be kidney embryomas, or
Wilms tumors, a deadly kidney dis
ease which claims the lives of many
children.
Should this prove to be the case —
and there is only slight scientific
evidence as yet to support the hope
—the opportunity would then exist
to attack the kidtiey disease in the
laboratory.
The discovery of a new method of
producing kidney cancer artificially
in the laboratory was announced
yesterday by a team of Stanford sci
entists.
Writing in the February issue of
the Journal of Cancer Research, Dr.
Had ley Kirkman and Dr. R. L. Ba
con, both members of Stanford's
anatomy department faculty, re
ported that administration of a syn
thetic female sex hormone to male
hamsters consistently resulted in
development of kidney tumors
which ultimately became malignant,
The hormone, d iethylstilbestrol, is
administered in large doses over a
period of approximately half the
life-time of the guinea-pig-like lit
tle animals which have proved so
useful in medical research.
Curiously enough, the scientists
pointed out, the hormone does not
produce malignant tumors in other
types of laboratory animals and in
fact is used successfully as a weapon
against cancer of the prostate in
human beings.
Rut the quirk of nature that ap
parently produces the kidney can
cers in male hamsters only, opens
up a new path for experimental
study of kidney cancer under con
trolled conditions. The Stanford ex
periment is believed to be the first
in which a kidney tumor has been
produced by the use of sex hor
mones.
The reseaj'ch, financed to a large
extent by the American Cancer So
ciety and the National Cancer Insti
tute of the U.S. Public Heatlh Serv
ice, is continuing to determine,
among other things, the exact ori
gin and composition of the tumor
cells.
The two anatomists hope that a
precise analysis of the composition
of the malignant tumors xnay prove
them to be kidney embryomas, or
Wilms tumors, a deadly kidney dis
ease which claims the lives of many
children.
Should this prove to be the case —
and there is only slight scientific
evidence as yet to support the hope
—the opportunity would then exist
to attack the kidtiey disease in the
laboratory.
The discovery of a new method of
producing kidney cancer artificially
in the laboratory was announced
yesterday by a team of Stanford sci
entists.
Writing in the February issue of
the Journal of Cancer Research, Dr.
Had ley Kirkman and Dr. R. L. Ba
con, both members of Stanford's
anatomy department faculty, re
ported that administration of a syn
thetic female sex hormone to male
hamsters consistently resulted in
development of kidney tumors
which ultimately became malignant,
The hormone, d iethylstilbestrol, is
administered in large doses over a
period of approximately half the
life-time of the guinea-pig-like lit
tle animals which have proved so
useful in medical research.
Curiously enough, the scientists
pointed out, the hormone does not
produce malignant tumors in other
types of laboratory animals and in
fact is used successfully as a weapon
against cancer of the prostate in
human beings.
Rut the quirk of nature that ap
parently produces the kidney can
cers in male hamsters only, opens
up a new path for experimental
study of kidney cancer under con
trolled conditions. The Stanford ex
periment is believed to be the first
in which a kidney tumor has been
produced by the use of sex hor
mones.
The reseaj'ch, financed to a large
extent by the American Cancer So
ciety and the National Cancer Insti
tute of the U.S. Public Heatlh Serv
ice, is continuing to determine,
among other things, the exact ori
gin and composition of the tumor
cells.
The two anatomists hope that a
precise analysis of the composition
of the malignant tumors xnay prove
them to be kidney embryomas, or
Wilms tumors, a deadly kidney dis
ease which claims the lives of many
children.
Should this prove to be the case —
and there is only slight scientific
evidence as yet to support the hope
—the opportunity would then exist
to attack the kidtiey disease in the
laboratory.
The discovery of a new method of
producing kidney cancer artificially
in the laboratory was announced
yesterday by a team of Stanford sci
entists.
Writing in the February issue of
the Journal of Cancer Research, Dr.
Had ley Kirkman and Dr. R. L. Ba
con, both members of Stanford's
anatomy department faculty, re
ported that administration of a syn
thetic female sex hormone to male
hamsters consistently resulted in
development of kidney tumors
which ultimately became malignant,
The hormone, d iethylstilbestrol, is
administered in large doses over a
period of approximately half the
life-time of the guinea-pig-like lit
tle animals which have proved so
useful in medical research.
Curiously enough, the scientists
pointed out, the hormone does not
produce malignant tumors in other
types of laboratory animals and in
fact is used successfully as a weapon
against cancer of the prostate in
human beings.
Rut the quirk of nature that ap
parently produces the kidney can
cers in male hamsters only, opens
up a new path for experimental
study of kidney cancer under con
trolled conditions. The Stanford ex
periment is believed to be the first
in which a kidney tumor has been
produced by the use of sex hor
mones.
The reseaj'ch, financed to a large
extent by the American Cancer So
ciety and the National Cancer Insti
tute of the U.S. Public Heatlh Serv
ice, is continuing to determine,
among other things, the exact ori
gin and composition of the tumor
cells.
The two anatomists hope that a
precise analysis of the composition
of the malignant tumors xnay prove
them to be kidney embryomas, or
Wilms tumors, a deadly kidney dis
ease which claims the lives of many
children.
Should this prove to be the case —
and there is only slight scientific
evidence as yet to support the hope
—the opportunity would then exist
to attack the kidtiey disease in the
laboratory.
The discovery of a new method of
producing kidney cancer artificially
in the laboratory was announced
yesterday by a team of Stanford sci
entists.
Writing in the February issue of
the Journal of Cancer Research, Dr.
Had ley Kirkman and Dr. R. L. Ba
con, both members of Stanford's
anatomy department faculty, re
ported that administration of a syn
thetic female sex hormone to male
hamsters consistently resulted in
development of kidney tumors
which ultimately became malignant,
The hormone, d iethylstilbestrol, is
administered in large doses over a
period of approximately half the
life-time of the guinea-pig-like lit
tle animals which have proved so
useful in medical research.
Curiously enough, the scientists
pointed out, the hormone does not
produce malignant tumors in other
types of laboratory animals and in
fact is used successfully as a weapon
against cancer of the prostate in
human beings.
Rut the quirk of nature that ap
parently produces the kidney can
cers in male hamsters only, opens
up a new path for experimental
study of kidney cancer under con
trolled conditions. The Stanford ex
periment is believed to be the first
in which a kidney tumor has been
produced by the use of sex hor
mones.
The reseaj'ch, financed to a large
extent by the American Cancer So
ciety and the National Cancer Insti
tute of the U.S. Public Heatlh Serv
ice, is continuing to determine,
among other things, the exact ori
gin and composition of the tumor
cells.
The two anatomists hope that a
precise analysis of the composition
of the malignant tumors xnay prove
them to be kidney embryomas, or
Wilms tumors, a deadly kidney dis
ease which claims the lives of many
children.
Should this prove to be the case —
and there is only slight scientific
evidence as yet to support the hope
—the opportunity would then exist
to attack the kidtiey disease in the
laboratory.
The discovery of a new method of
producing kidney cancer artificially
in the laboratory was announced
yesterday by a team of Stanford sci
entists.
Writing in the February issue of
the Journal of Cancer Research, Dr.
Had ley Kirkman and Dr. R. L. Ba
con, both members of Stanford's
anatomy department faculty, re
ported that administration of a syn
thetic female sex hormone to male
hamsters consistently resulted in
development of kidney tumors
which ultimately became malignant,
The hormone, d iethylstilbestrol, is
administered in large doses over a
period of approximately half the
life-time of the guinea-pig-like lit
tle animals which have proved so
useful in medical research.
Curiously enough, the scientists
pointed out, the hormone does not
produce malignant tumors in other
types of laboratory animals and in
fact is used successfully as a weapon
against cancer of the prostate in
human beings.
Rut the quirk of nature that ap
parently produces the kidney can
cers in male hamsters only, opens
up a new path for experimental
study of kidney cancer under con
trolled conditions. The Stanford ex
periment is believed to be the first
in which a kidney tumor has been
produced by the use of sex hor
mones.
The reseaj'ch, financed to a large
extent by the American Cancer So
ciety and the National Cancer Insti
tute of the U.S. Public Heatlh Serv
ice, is continuing to determine,
among other things, the exact ori
gin and composition of the tumor
cells.
The two anatomists hope that a
precise analysis of the composition
of the malignant tumors xnay prove
them to be kidney embryomas, or
Wilms tumors, a deadly kidney dis
ease which claims the lives of many
children.
Should this prove to be the case —
and there is only slight scientific
evidence as yet to support the hope
—the opportunity would then exist
to attack the kidtiey disease in the
laboratory.
The discovery of a new method of
producing kidney cancer artificially
in the laboratory was announced
yesterday by a team of Stanford sci
entists.
Writing in the February issue of
the Journal of Cancer Research, Dr.
Had ley Kirkman and Dr. R. L. Ba
con, both members of Stanford's
anatomy department faculty, re
ported that administration of a syn
thetic female sex hormone to male
hamsters consistently resulted in
development of kidney tumors
which ultimately became malignant,
The hormone, d iethylstilbestrol, is
administered in large doses over a
period of approximately half the
life-time of the guinea-pig-like lit
tle animals which have proved so
useful in medical research.
Curiously enough, the scientists
pointed out, the hormone does not
produce malignant tumors in other
types of laboratory animals and in
fact is used successfully as a weapon
against cancer of the prostate in
human beings.
Rut the quirk of nature that ap
parently produces the kidney can
cers in male hamsters only, opens
up a new path for experimental
study of kidney cancer under con
trolled conditions. The Stanford ex
periment is believed to be the first
in which a kidney tumor has been
produced by the use of sex hor
mones.
The reseaj'ch, financed to a large
extent by the American Cancer So
ciety and the National Cancer Insti
tute of the U.S. Public Heatlh Serv
ice, is continuing to determine,
among other things, the exact ori
gin and composition of the tumor
cells.
The two anatomists hope that a
precise analysis of the composition
of the malignant tumors xnay prove
them to be kidney embryomas, or
Wilms tumors, a deadly kidney dis
ease which claims the lives of many
children.
Should this prove to be the case —
and there is only slight scientific
evidence as yet to support the hope
—the opportunity would then exist
to attack the kidtiey disease in the
laboratory.
