# Paul Manna to Address Geography Fraternity
## 
### 
Gamma Theta Upsiloti, honorary
geography fraternity, will hold a
banquet Saturday night at 8 at Ra
mor Oaks.
Dr. Paul Hanna of the Education
Department will speak on the fnca
Terraces.
Tickets, at $2.85, may be obtained
from Steve Garst or the secretary,
Mrs. Ruth Headley, at the Humani
ties office.
Gamma Theta Upsiloti, honorary
geography fraternity, will hold a
banquet Saturday night at 8 at Ra
mor Oaks.
Dr. Paul Hanna of the Education
Department will speak on the fnca
Terraces.
Tickets, at $2.85, may be obtained
from Steve Garst or the secretary,
Mrs. Ruth Headley, at the Humani
ties office.
Gamma Theta Upsiloti, honorary
geography fraternity, will hold a
banquet Saturday night at 8 at Ra
mor Oaks.
Dr. Paul Hanna of the Education
Department will speak on the fnca
Terraces.
Tickets, at $2.85, may be obtained
from Steve Garst or the secretary,
Mrs. Ruth Headley, at the Humani
ties office.
Gamma Theta Upsiloti, honorary
geography fraternity, will hold a
banquet Saturday night at 8 at Ra
mor Oaks.
Dr. Paul Hanna of the Education
Department will speak on the fnca
Terraces.
Tickets, at $2.85, may be obtained
from Steve Garst or the secretary,
Mrs. Ruth Headley, at the Humani
ties office.
Gamma Theta Upsiloti, honorary
geography fraternity, will hold a
banquet Saturday night at 8 at Ra
mor Oaks.
Dr. Paul Hanna of the Education
Department will speak on the fnca
Terraces.
Tickets, at $2.85, may be obtained
from Steve Garst or the secretary,
Mrs. Ruth Headley, at the Humani
ties office.
Gamma Theta Upsiloti, honorary
geography fraternity, will hold a
banquet Saturday night at 8 at Ra
mor Oaks.
Dr. Paul Hanna of the Education
Department will speak on the fnca
Terraces.
Tickets, at $2.85, may be obtained
from Steve Garst or the secretary,
Mrs. Ruth Headley, at the Humani
ties office.
Gamma Theta Upsiloti, honorary
geography fraternity, will hold a
banquet Saturday night at 8 at Ra
mor Oaks.
Dr. Paul Hanna of the Education
Department will speak on the fnca
Terraces.
Tickets, at $2.85, may be obtained
from Steve Garst or the secretary,
Mrs. Ruth Headley, at the Humani
ties office.
Gamma Theta Upsiloti, honorary
geography fraternity, will hold a
banquet Saturday night at 8 at Ra
mor Oaks.
Dr. Paul Hanna of the Education
Department will speak on the fnca
Terraces.
Tickets, at $2.85, may be obtained
from Steve Garst or the secretary,
Mrs. Ruth Headley, at the Humani
ties office.
Gamma Theta Upsiloti, honorary
geography fraternity, will hold a
banquet Saturday night at 8 at Ra
mor Oaks.
Dr. Paul Hanna of the Education
Department will speak on the fnca
Terraces.
Tickets, at $2.85, may be obtained
from Steve Garst or the secretary,
Mrs. Ruth Headley, at the Humani
ties office.
Gamma Theta Upsiloti, honorary
geography fraternity, will hold a
banquet Saturday night at 8 at Ra
mor Oaks.
Dr. Paul Hanna of the Education
Department will speak on the fnca
Terraces.
Tickets, at $2.85, may be obtained
from Steve Garst or the secretary,
Mrs. Ruth Headley, at the Humani
ties office.
Gamma Theta Upsiloti, honorary
geography fraternity, will hold a
banquet Saturday night at 8 at Ra
mor Oaks.
Dr. Paul Hanna of the Education
Department will speak on the fnca
Terraces.
Tickets, at $2.85, may be obtained
from Steve Garst or the secretary,
Mrs. Ruth Headley, at the Humani
ties office.
Gamma Theta Upsiloti, honorary
geography fraternity, will hold a
banquet Saturday night at 8 at Ra
mor Oaks.
Dr. Paul Hanna of the Education
Department will speak on the fnca
Terraces.
Tickets, at $2.85, may be obtained
from Steve Garst or the secretary,
Mrs. Ruth Headley, at the Humani
ties office.
Gamma Theta Upsiloti, honorary
geography fraternity, will hold a
banquet Saturday night at 8 at Ra
mor Oaks.
Dr. Paul Hanna of the Education
Department will speak on the fnca
Terraces.
Tickets, at $2.85, may be obtained
from Steve Garst or the secretary,
Mrs. Ruth Headley, at the Humani
ties office.
Gamma Theta Upsiloti, honorary
geography fraternity, will hold a
banquet Saturday night at 8 at Ra
mor Oaks.
Dr. Paul Hanna of the Education
Department will speak on the fnca
Terraces.
Tickets, at $2.85, may be obtained
from Steve Garst or the secretary,
Mrs. Ruth Headley, at the Humani
ties office.
