# Hull Ready To Revise U.S. Trade Restraint Practices
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, May 15 (/P) —
Secretary Hull said today that in
the forthcoming economic confer
ence he would be glad to re-exam
ine any practice, policy, or method
of this Government which other
countries might think unfairly re
strictive of trade
The Secretaray of State said he
would do this just as he would ex
pect the representatives of other
ceuntries to re-examine their own
tariff and exchange policies.
WASHINGTON, May 15 (/P) —
Secretary Hull said today that in
the forthcoming economic confer
ence he would be glad to re-exam
ine any practice, policy, or method
of this Government which other
countries might think unfairly re
strictive of trade
The Secretaray of State said he
would do this just as he would ex
pect the representatives of other
ceuntries to re-examine their own
tariff and exchange policies.
WASHINGTON, May 15 (/P) —
Secretary Hull said today that in
the forthcoming economic confer
ence he would be glad to re-exam
ine any practice, policy, or method
of this Government which other
countries might think unfairly re
strictive of trade
The Secretaray of State said he
would do this just as he would ex
pect the representatives of other
ceuntries to re-examine their own
tariff and exchange policies.
WASHINGTON, May 15 (/P) —
Secretary Hull said today that in
the forthcoming economic confer
ence he would be glad to re-exam
ine any practice, policy, or method
of this Government which other
countries might think unfairly re
strictive of trade
The Secretaray of State said he
would do this just as he would ex
pect the representatives of other
ceuntries to re-examine their own
tariff and exchange policies.
WASHINGTON, May 15 (/P) —
Secretary Hull said today that in
the forthcoming economic confer
ence he would be glad to re-exam
ine any practice, policy, or method
of this Government which other
countries might think unfairly re
strictive of trade
The Secretaray of State said he
would do this just as he would ex
pect the representatives of other
ceuntries to re-examine their own
tariff and exchange policies.
WASHINGTON, May 15 (/P) —
Secretary Hull said today that in
the forthcoming economic confer
ence he would be glad to re-exam
ine any practice, policy, or method
of this Government which other
countries might think unfairly re
strictive of trade
The Secretaray of State said he
would do this just as he would ex
pect the representatives of other
ceuntries to re-examine their own
tariff and exchange policies.
WASHINGTON, May 15 (/P) —
Secretary Hull said today that in
the forthcoming economic confer
ence he would be glad to re-exam
ine any practice, policy, or method
of this Government which other
countries might think unfairly re
strictive of trade
The Secretaray of State said he
would do this just as he would ex
pect the representatives of other
ceuntries to re-examine their own
tariff and exchange policies.
WASHINGTON, May 15 (/P) —
Secretary Hull said today that in
the forthcoming economic confer
ence he would be glad to re-exam
ine any practice, policy, or method
of this Government which other
countries might think unfairly re
strictive of trade
The Secretaray of State said he
would do this just as he would ex
pect the representatives of other
ceuntries to re-examine their own
tariff and exchange policies.
WASHINGTON, May 15 (/P) —
Secretary Hull said today that in
the forthcoming economic confer
ence he would be glad to re-exam
ine any practice, policy, or method
of this Government which other
countries might think unfairly re
strictive of trade
The Secretaray of State said he
would do this just as he would ex
pect the representatives of other
ceuntries to re-examine their own
tariff and exchange policies.
WASHINGTON, May 15 (/P) —
Secretary Hull said today that in
the forthcoming economic confer
ence he would be glad to re-exam
ine any practice, policy, or method
of this Government which other
countries might think unfairly re
strictive of trade
The Secretaray of State said he
would do this just as he would ex
pect the representatives of other
ceuntries to re-examine their own
tariff and exchange policies.
WASHINGTON, May 15 (/P) —
Secretary Hull said today that in
the forthcoming economic confer
ence he would be glad to re-exam
ine any practice, policy, or method
of this Government which other
countries might think unfairly re
strictive of trade
The Secretaray of State said he
would do this just as he would ex
pect the representatives of other
ceuntries to re-examine their own
tariff and exchange policies.
WASHINGTON, May 15 (/P) —
Secretary Hull said today that in
the forthcoming economic confer
ence he would be glad to re-exam
ine any practice, policy, or method
of this Government which other
countries might think unfairly re
strictive of trade
The Secretaray of State said he
would do this just as he would ex
pect the representatives of other
ceuntries to re-examine their own
tariff and exchange policies.
WASHINGTON, May 15 (/P) —
Secretary Hull said today that in
the forthcoming economic confer
ence he would be glad to re-exam
ine any practice, policy, or method
of this Government which other
countries might think unfairly re
strictive of trade
The Secretaray of State said he
would do this just as he would ex
pect the representatives of other
ceuntries to re-examine their own
tariff and exchange policies.
WASHINGTON, May 15 (/P) —
Secretary Hull said today that in
the forthcoming economic confer
ence he would be glad to re-exam
ine any practice, policy, or method
of this Government which other
countries might think unfairly re
strictive of trade
The Secretaray of State said he
would do this just as he would ex
pect the representatives of other
ceuntries to re-examine their own
tariff and exchange policies.
