# Encina Sets All-Campus Sport Hop For May 27
## 
### 
In order to allow the campus to
see its newly fux-nished lobby, the
Encina Club has scheduled an in
formal dance for May 27, Dance
Chairman Bill Drew announced last
night.
The only dance given in the lobby
since its redecoration was the En
cina Formal, a closed dance. The
freshmen felt that the improved
lobby was so adaptable to dancing
purposes that a sport dance at a
price of one dollar a couple would
appeal to the whole campus, Drew
said.
In order to allow the campus to
see its newly fux-nished lobby, the
Encina Club has scheduled an in
formal dance for May 27, Dance
Chairman Bill Drew announced last
night.
The only dance given in the lobby
since its redecoration was the En
cina Formal, a closed dance. The
freshmen felt that the improved
lobby was so adaptable to dancing
purposes that a sport dance at a
price of one dollar a couple would
appeal to the whole campus, Drew
said.
In order to allow the campus to
see its newly fux-nished lobby, the
Encina Club has scheduled an in
formal dance for May 27, Dance
Chairman Bill Drew announced last
night.
The only dance given in the lobby
since its redecoration was the En
cina Formal, a closed dance. The
freshmen felt that the improved
lobby was so adaptable to dancing
purposes that a sport dance at a
price of one dollar a couple would
appeal to the whole campus, Drew
said.
In order to allow the campus to
see its newly fux-nished lobby, the
Encina Club has scheduled an in
formal dance for May 27, Dance
Chairman Bill Drew announced last
night.
The only dance given in the lobby
since its redecoration was the En
cina Formal, a closed dance. The
freshmen felt that the improved
lobby was so adaptable to dancing
purposes that a sport dance at a
price of one dollar a couple would
appeal to the whole campus, Drew
said.
In order to allow the campus to
see its newly fux-nished lobby, the
Encina Club has scheduled an in
formal dance for May 27, Dance
Chairman Bill Drew announced last
night.
The only dance given in the lobby
since its redecoration was the En
cina Formal, a closed dance. The
freshmen felt that the improved
lobby was so adaptable to dancing
purposes that a sport dance at a
price of one dollar a couple would
appeal to the whole campus, Drew
said.
In order to allow the campus to
see its newly fux-nished lobby, the
Encina Club has scheduled an in
formal dance for May 27, Dance
Chairman Bill Drew announced last
night.
The only dance given in the lobby
since its redecoration was the En
cina Formal, a closed dance. The
freshmen felt that the improved
lobby was so adaptable to dancing
purposes that a sport dance at a
price of one dollar a couple would
appeal to the whole campus, Drew
said.
In order to allow the campus to
see its newly fux-nished lobby, the
Encina Club has scheduled an in
formal dance for May 27, Dance
Chairman Bill Drew announced last
night.
The only dance given in the lobby
since its redecoration was the En
cina Formal, a closed dance. The
freshmen felt that the improved
lobby was so adaptable to dancing
purposes that a sport dance at a
price of one dollar a couple would
appeal to the whole campus, Drew
said.
In order to allow the campus to
see its newly fux-nished lobby, the
Encina Club has scheduled an in
formal dance for May 27, Dance
Chairman Bill Drew announced last
night.
The only dance given in the lobby
since its redecoration was the En
cina Formal, a closed dance. The
freshmen felt that the improved
lobby was so adaptable to dancing
purposes that a sport dance at a
price of one dollar a couple would
appeal to the whole campus, Drew
said.
In order to allow the campus to
see its newly fux-nished lobby, the
Encina Club has scheduled an in
formal dance for May 27, Dance
Chairman Bill Drew announced last
night.
The only dance given in the lobby
since its redecoration was the En
cina Formal, a closed dance. The
freshmen felt that the improved
lobby was so adaptable to dancing
purposes that a sport dance at a
price of one dollar a couple would
appeal to the whole campus, Drew
said.
In order to allow the campus to
see its newly fux-nished lobby, the
Encina Club has scheduled an in
formal dance for May 27, Dance
Chairman Bill Drew announced last
night.
The only dance given in the lobby
since its redecoration was the En
cina Formal, a closed dance. The
freshmen felt that the improved
lobby was so adaptable to dancing
purposes that a sport dance at a
price of one dollar a couple would
appeal to the whole campus, Drew
said.
In order to allow the campus to
see its newly fux-nished lobby, the
Encina Club has scheduled an in
formal dance for May 27, Dance
Chairman Bill Drew announced last
night.
The only dance given in the lobby
since its redecoration was the En
cina Formal, a closed dance. The
freshmen felt that the improved
lobby was so adaptable to dancing
purposes that a sport dance at a
price of one dollar a couple would
appeal to the whole campus, Drew
said.
In order to allow the campus to
see its newly fux-nished lobby, the
Encina Club has scheduled an in
formal dance for May 27, Dance
Chairman Bill Drew announced last
night.
The only dance given in the lobby
since its redecoration was the En
cina Formal, a closed dance. The
freshmen felt that the improved
lobby was so adaptable to dancing
purposes that a sport dance at a
price of one dollar a couple would
appeal to the whole campus, Drew
said.
In order to allow the campus to
see its newly fux-nished lobby, the
Encina Club has scheduled an in
formal dance for May 27, Dance
Chairman Bill Drew announced last
night.
The only dance given in the lobby
since its redecoration was the En
cina Formal, a closed dance. The
freshmen felt that the improved
lobby was so adaptable to dancing
purposes that a sport dance at a
price of one dollar a couple would
appeal to the whole campus, Drew
said.
In order to allow the campus to
see its newly fux-nished lobby, the
Encina Club has scheduled an in
formal dance for May 27, Dance
Chairman Bill Drew announced last
night.
The only dance given in the lobby
since its redecoration was the En
cina Formal, a closed dance. The
freshmen felt that the improved
lobby was so adaptable to dancing
purposes that a sport dance at a
price of one dollar a couple would
appeal to the whole campus, Drew
said.
