# SCPV Slates 'War Rally'
## 
### 
The Stanford Committee for
Peace in Vietnam will experi
ment with new tactics and hold
a rally "to demonstrate our en
thusiasm and support for Air
Marshall Nguyen Cao Ky, the
People's Choice" in White Plaza
at noon today.
The rally will be sponsored by
"a new organization, the Stan
ford Committee for War in Viet
nam."

According to the C.P.V., fea
tured speakers will include Dr.
Herman Dracula of the Hoover
Institute of Peace, War, and
Counter-Revolution, General Wil
liam Nomoreland from Saigon,
and Mr. Robert Squelch of the
Minderbinder Society "For the
Return of War to Private En
terprise."
