# Rules for Campus Work Explained
## 
### 
The Student-Faculty Employment |
Committee has announced that any j
person wishing to solicit on campus
must secure a permit from this com- j
mittee. A campus representative i
must submit a written petition, and ;
then the committee checks the need j
for the service to make sure the
request breaks no University rules.
Anyone wishing permission for j
campus business should pick up a!
petition at the Student Employment j
Office, Building 1. Inner Quad, and
return it before Monday so that it !
may be considered at the next ,
meeting.
The Student-Faculty Employment |
Committee has announced that any j
person wishing to solicit on campus
must secure a permit from this com- j
mittee. A campus representative i
must submit a written petition, and ;
then the committee checks the need j
for the service to make sure the
request breaks no University rules.
Anyone wishing permission for j
campus business should pick up a!
petition at the Student Employment j
Office, Building 1. Inner Quad, and
return it before Monday so that it !
may be considered at the next ,
meeting.
The Student-Faculty Employment |
Committee has announced that any j
person wishing to solicit on campus
must secure a permit from this com- j
mittee. A campus representative i
must submit a written petition, and ;
then the committee checks the need j
for the service to make sure the
request breaks no University rules.
Anyone wishing permission for j
campus business should pick up a!
petition at the Student Employment j
Office, Building 1. Inner Quad, and
return it before Monday so that it !
may be considered at the next ,
meeting.
The Student-Faculty Employment |
Committee has announced that any j
person wishing to solicit on campus
must secure a permit from this com- j
mittee. A campus representative i
must submit a written petition, and ;
then the committee checks the need j
for the service to make sure the
request breaks no University rules.
Anyone wishing permission for j
campus business should pick up a!
petition at the Student Employment j
Office, Building 1. Inner Quad, and
return it before Monday so that it !
may be considered at the next ,
meeting.
The Student-Faculty Employment |
Committee has announced that any j
person wishing to solicit on campus
must secure a permit from this com- j
mittee. A campus representative i
must submit a written petition, and ;
then the committee checks the need j
for the service to make sure the
request breaks no University rules.
Anyone wishing permission for j
campus business should pick up a!
petition at the Student Employment j
Office, Building 1. Inner Quad, and
return it before Monday so that it !
may be considered at the next ,
meeting.
The Student-Faculty Employment |
Committee has announced that any j
person wishing to solicit on campus
must secure a permit from this com- j
mittee. A campus representative i
must submit a written petition, and ;
then the committee checks the need j
for the service to make sure the
request breaks no University rules.
Anyone wishing permission for j
campus business should pick up a!
petition at the Student Employment j
Office, Building 1. Inner Quad, and
return it before Monday so that it !
may be considered at the next ,
meeting.
The Student-Faculty Employment |
Committee has announced that any j
person wishing to solicit on campus
must secure a permit from this com- j
mittee. A campus representative i
must submit a written petition, and ;
then the committee checks the need j
for the service to make sure the
request breaks no University rules.
Anyone wishing permission for j
campus business should pick up a!
petition at the Student Employment j
Office, Building 1. Inner Quad, and
return it before Monday so that it !
may be considered at the next ,
meeting.
The Student-Faculty Employment |
Committee has announced that any j
person wishing to solicit on campus
must secure a permit from this com- j
mittee. A campus representative i
must submit a written petition, and ;
then the committee checks the need j
for the service to make sure the
request breaks no University rules.
Anyone wishing permission for j
campus business should pick up a!
petition at the Student Employment j
Office, Building 1. Inner Quad, and
return it before Monday so that it !
may be considered at the next ,
meeting.
The Student-Faculty Employment |
Committee has announced that any j
person wishing to solicit on campus
must secure a permit from this com- j
mittee. A campus representative i
must submit a written petition, and ;
then the committee checks the need j
for the service to make sure the
request breaks no University rules.
Anyone wishing permission for j
campus business should pick up a!
petition at the Student Employment j
Office, Building 1. Inner Quad, and
return it before Monday so that it !
may be considered at the next ,
meeting.
The Student-Faculty Employment |
Committee has announced that any j
person wishing to solicit on campus
must secure a permit from this com- j
mittee. A campus representative i
must submit a written petition, and ;
then the committee checks the need j
for the service to make sure the
request breaks no University rules.
Anyone wishing permission for j
campus business should pick up a!
petition at the Student Employment j
Office, Building 1. Inner Quad, and
return it before Monday so that it !
may be considered at the next ,
meeting.
The Student-Faculty Employment |
Committee has announced that any j
person wishing to solicit on campus
must secure a permit from this com- j
mittee. A campus representative i
must submit a written petition, and ;
then the committee checks the need j
for the service to make sure the
request breaks no University rules.
Anyone wishing permission for j
campus business should pick up a!
petition at the Student Employment j
Office, Building 1. Inner Quad, and
return it before Monday so that it !
may be considered at the next ,
meeting.
The Student-Faculty Employment |
Committee has announced that any j
person wishing to solicit on campus
must secure a permit from this com- j
mittee. A campus representative i
must submit a written petition, and ;
then the committee checks the need j
for the service to make sure the
request breaks no University rules.
Anyone wishing permission for j
campus business should pick up a!
petition at the Student Employment j
Office, Building 1. Inner Quad, and
return it before Monday so that it !
may be considered at the next ,
meeting.
The Student-Faculty Employment |
Committee has announced that any j
person wishing to solicit on campus
must secure a permit from this com- j
mittee. A campus representative i
must submit a written petition, and ;
then the committee checks the need j
for the service to make sure the
request breaks no University rules.
Anyone wishing permission for j
campus business should pick up a!
petition at the Student Employment j
Office, Building 1. Inner Quad, and
return it before Monday so that it !
may be considered at the next ,
meeting.
The Student-Faculty Employment |
Committee has announced that any j
person wishing to solicit on campus
must secure a permit from this com- j
mittee. A campus representative i
must submit a written petition, and ;
then the committee checks the need j
for the service to make sure the
request breaks no University rules.
Anyone wishing permission for j
campus business should pick up a!
petition at the Student Employment j
Office, Building 1. Inner Quad, and
return it before Monday so that it !
may be considered at the next ,
meeting.
The Student-Faculty Employment |
Committee has announced that any j
person wishing to solicit on campus
must secure a permit from this com- j
mittee. A campus representative i
must submit a written petition, and ;
then the committee checks the need j
for the service to make sure the
request breaks no University rules.
Anyone wishing permission for j
campus business should pick up a!
petition at the Student Employment j
Office, Building 1. Inner Quad, and
return it before Monday so that it !
may be considered at the next ,
meeting.
The Student-Faculty Employment |
Committee has announced that any j
person wishing to solicit on campus
must secure a permit from this com- j
mittee. A campus representative i
must submit a written petition, and ;
then the committee checks the need j
for the service to make sure the
request breaks no University rules.
Anyone wishing permission for j
campus business should pick up a!
petition at the Student Employment j
Office, Building 1. Inner Quad, and
return it before Monday so that it !
may be considered at the next ,
meeting.
