# Gulliver's Travels Talk Scheduled Tomorrow
## 
### 
James I. McNeils of the English
Department wiil present his paper
"Other - Proportioned Worlds and
Gulliver's Travels" at a meeting of
the Stanford Philological As-oeia
tion tomorrow at 4:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
James I. McNeils of the English
Department wiil present his paper
"Other - Proportioned Worlds and
Gulliver's Travels" at a meeting of
the Stanford Philological As-oeia
tion tomorrow at 4:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
James I. McNeils of the English
Department wiil present his paper
"Other - Proportioned Worlds and
Gulliver's Travels" at a meeting of
the Stanford Philological As-oeia
tion tomorrow at 4:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
James I. McNeils of the English
Department wiil present his paper
"Other - Proportioned Worlds and
Gulliver's Travels" at a meeting of
the Stanford Philological As-oeia
tion tomorrow at 4:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
James I. McNeils of the English
Department wiil present his paper
"Other - Proportioned Worlds and
Gulliver's Travels" at a meeting of
the Stanford Philological As-oeia
tion tomorrow at 4:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
James I. McNeils of the English
Department wiil present his paper
"Other - Proportioned Worlds and
Gulliver's Travels" at a meeting of
the Stanford Philological As-oeia
tion tomorrow at 4:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
James I. McNeils of the English
Department wiil present his paper
"Other - Proportioned Worlds and
Gulliver's Travels" at a meeting of
the Stanford Philological As-oeia
tion tomorrow at 4:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
James I. McNeils of the English
Department wiil present his paper
"Other - Proportioned Worlds and
Gulliver's Travels" at a meeting of
the Stanford Philological As-oeia
tion tomorrow at 4:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
James I. McNeils of the English
Department wiil present his paper
"Other - Proportioned Worlds and
Gulliver's Travels" at a meeting of
the Stanford Philological As-oeia
tion tomorrow at 4:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
James I. McNeils of the English
Department wiil present his paper
"Other - Proportioned Worlds and
Gulliver's Travels" at a meeting of
the Stanford Philological As-oeia
tion tomorrow at 4:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
James I. McNeils of the English
Department wiil present his paper
"Other - Proportioned Worlds and
Gulliver's Travels" at a meeting of
the Stanford Philological As-oeia
tion tomorrow at 4:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
James I. McNeils of the English
Department wiil present his paper
"Other - Proportioned Worlds and
Gulliver's Travels" at a meeting of
the Stanford Philological As-oeia
tion tomorrow at 4:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
James I. McNeils of the English
Department wiil present his paper
"Other - Proportioned Worlds and
Gulliver's Travels" at a meeting of
the Stanford Philological As-oeia
tion tomorrow at 4:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
James I. McNeils of the English
Department wiil present his paper
"Other - Proportioned Worlds and
Gulliver's Travels" at a meeting of
the Stanford Philological As-oeia
tion tomorrow at 4:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
James I. McNeils of the English
Department wiil present his paper
"Other - Proportioned Worlds and
Gulliver's Travels" at a meeting of
the Stanford Philological As-oeia
tion tomorrow at 4:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
James I. McNeils of the English
Department wiil present his paper
"Other - Proportioned Worlds and
Gulliver's Travels" at a meeting of
the Stanford Philological As-oeia
tion tomorrow at 4:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
