# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The debate was fairly lost to Berk
eley on Saturduy evenirg. The

judges are gentlemen, and we are
willing to abide by their decision.
We shall bold no indignation meet
ing, and accuse no one of bribery.
We are rather new at losing things
and perhaps unsophisticated, but we
are not bound to follow the example
set us in previous years, and exhume
some occult reason why we lust in
this particular instance. Very likely
we couldn't get our logic printed iu
the papers anyway. But there is one
incentive to follow the ancient cus
tom of fault finding. The Beikeley
etiquette is something we cannot
understand any better now than
when in the innocence of our first
year we thought that courtesy
should rule when college men did
battle with each other. We have
not lost the old ideal, in spite of
many rough experiences; and such
discourtesy as that exhibited by
Berkeley at the debate disappoints
us as much as their intrusion last
fall to our Bund conceit in the
Palace Hotel court. The two in
stances are about even. Saturday
night a certain Beikeley coteiio oc
cupied seats iu the gallery and an
noyed our speakers constantly, even
going so fur as to applaud them iu
the middle of an important passage.
After the debate exultation was of
course their light, but Berkeley has
an unfortunate manner of gloating.
11 ip fortunate that she hus few op
portunitits.
