# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The person or persons who are re
sponsible for the placing of the no
tice of Luther Burbank's lecture up
on one of the stone columns in front
of the Romanic Languages depart
ment need to be instructed in the
fitness of things. Aside from being
against custom and precedent, the
defacing of the arcades by plastering
them with notices is the worst taste
possible, and if carried to any ex
ent will make the quadrangles soon
resemble an advertising bill-board. If
we remember correctly, it has always
been customary for notices of this
character to be displayed in the win
dows of the lecture rooms along the
Quad or if the case was a particu
larly urgent one, to chalk the an
nouncement at various places on the
walks, thus making it just as effect
ive and not unpleasantly conspicu
ous. It can be very easily imagined
the protests which would result if
the students began using the columns
of the arcades as an advertising med
ium and we confess to some difficulty
in understanding what difference it
makes who puts up the signs.
