# Princeton Defeats Carlisle 16-0.
## 
### 
One of the surprises of the East- J
crn football field last Saturday was
Princeton's defeat of the Carlisle
Indians by the score of 16-0. As
Cornell had defeated Princeton and
(lie Indians had won from Pennsyl
ania a week before, the indications
pointed tc suite different results.
Carlisle seemed to have no speed
and dash on Saturday, however, and
failed on every forward pass tried
while the Tigers were ;ible to gain
a« much ground as they pleased by
line bucks.
One of the surprises of the East- J
crn football field last Saturday was
Princeton's defeat of the Carlisle
Indians by the score of 16-0. As
Cornell had defeated Princeton and
(lie Indians had won from Pennsyl
ania a week before, the indications
pointed tc suite different results.
Carlisle seemed to have no speed
and dash on Saturday, however, and
failed on every forward pass tried
while the Tigers were ;ible to gain
a« much ground as they pleased by
line bucks.
One of the surprises of the East- J
crn football field last Saturday was
Princeton's defeat of the Carlisle
Indians by the score of 16-0. As
Cornell had defeated Princeton and
(lie Indians had won from Pennsyl
ania a week before, the indications
pointed tc suite different results.
Carlisle seemed to have no speed
and dash on Saturday, however, and
failed on every forward pass tried
while the Tigers were ;ible to gain
a« much ground as they pleased by
line bucks.
One of the surprises of the East- J
crn football field last Saturday was
Princeton's defeat of the Carlisle
Indians by the score of 16-0. As
Cornell had defeated Princeton and
(lie Indians had won from Pennsyl
ania a week before, the indications
pointed tc suite different results.
Carlisle seemed to have no speed
and dash on Saturday, however, and
failed on every forward pass tried
while the Tigers were ;ible to gain
a« much ground as they pleased by
line bucks.
One of the surprises of the East- J
crn football field last Saturday was
Princeton's defeat of the Carlisle
Indians by the score of 16-0. As
Cornell had defeated Princeton and
(lie Indians had won from Pennsyl
ania a week before, the indications
pointed tc suite different results.
Carlisle seemed to have no speed
and dash on Saturday, however, and
failed on every forward pass tried
while the Tigers were ;ible to gain
a« much ground as they pleased by
line bucks.
One of the surprises of the East- J
crn football field last Saturday was
Princeton's defeat of the Carlisle
Indians by the score of 16-0. As
Cornell had defeated Princeton and
(lie Indians had won from Pennsyl
ania a week before, the indications
pointed tc suite different results.
Carlisle seemed to have no speed
and dash on Saturday, however, and
failed on every forward pass tried
while the Tigers were ;ible to gain
a« much ground as they pleased by
line bucks.
One of the surprises of the East- J
crn football field last Saturday was
Princeton's defeat of the Carlisle
Indians by the score of 16-0. As
Cornell had defeated Princeton and
(lie Indians had won from Pennsyl
ania a week before, the indications
pointed tc suite different results.
Carlisle seemed to have no speed
and dash on Saturday, however, and
failed on every forward pass tried
while the Tigers were ;ible to gain
a« much ground as they pleased by
line bucks.
One of the surprises of the East- J
crn football field last Saturday was
Princeton's defeat of the Carlisle
Indians by the score of 16-0. As
Cornell had defeated Princeton and
(lie Indians had won from Pennsyl
ania a week before, the indications
pointed tc suite different results.
Carlisle seemed to have no speed
and dash on Saturday, however, and
failed on every forward pass tried
while the Tigers were ;ible to gain
a« much ground as they pleased by
line bucks.
One of the surprises of the East- J
crn football field last Saturday was
Princeton's defeat of the Carlisle
Indians by the score of 16-0. As
Cornell had defeated Princeton and
(lie Indians had won from Pennsyl
ania a week before, the indications
pointed tc suite different results.
Carlisle seemed to have no speed
and dash on Saturday, however, and
failed on every forward pass tried
while the Tigers were ;ible to gain
a« much ground as they pleased by
line bucks.
