# Wafer in Felt Lake Receding.
## 
### 
The siphon which was installed at
I'elt Lake lias been augmented by
making a total of seven pipes
discharging a twenty-eight inch
stream of water. Since the construc
tion of the siphon the level of the
lake has receded about ten feet,
and if the water continues to run
out at the present rate, a we "c or
t« n days will suffice 1o drain the
reservoir.
The siphon which was installed at
I'elt Lake lias been augmented by
making a total of seven pipes
discharging a twenty-eight inch
stream of water. Since the construc
tion of the siphon the level of the
lake has receded about ten feet,
and if the water continues to run
out at the present rate, a we "c or
t« n days will suffice 1o drain the
reservoir.
The siphon which was installed at
I'elt Lake lias been augmented by
making a total of seven pipes
discharging a twenty-eight inch
stream of water. Since the construc
tion of the siphon the level of the
lake has receded about ten feet,
and if the water continues to run
out at the present rate, a we "c or
t« n days will suffice 1o drain the
reservoir.
The siphon which was installed at
I'elt Lake lias been augmented by
making a total of seven pipes
discharging a twenty-eight inch
stream of water. Since the construc
tion of the siphon the level of the
lake has receded about ten feet,
and if the water continues to run
out at the present rate, a we "c or
t« n days will suffice 1o drain the
reservoir.
The siphon which was installed at
I'elt Lake lias been augmented by
making a total of seven pipes
discharging a twenty-eight inch
stream of water. Since the construc
tion of the siphon the level of the
lake has receded about ten feet,
and if the water continues to run
out at the present rate, a we "c or
t« n days will suffice 1o drain the
reservoir.
The siphon which was installed at
I'elt Lake lias been augmented by
making a total of seven pipes
discharging a twenty-eight inch
stream of water. Since the construc
tion of the siphon the level of the
lake has receded about ten feet,
and if the water continues to run
out at the present rate, a we "c or
t« n days will suffice 1o drain the
reservoir.
The siphon which was installed at
I'elt Lake lias been augmented by
making a total of seven pipes
discharging a twenty-eight inch
stream of water. Since the construc
tion of the siphon the level of the
lake has receded about ten feet,
and if the water continues to run
out at the present rate, a we "c or
t« n days will suffice 1o drain the
reservoir.
The siphon which was installed at
I'elt Lake lias been augmented by
making a total of seven pipes
discharging a twenty-eight inch
stream of water. Since the construc
tion of the siphon the level of the
lake has receded about ten feet,
and if the water continues to run
out at the present rate, a we "c or
t« n days will suffice 1o drain the
reservoir.
The siphon which was installed at
I'elt Lake lias been augmented by
making a total of seven pipes
discharging a twenty-eight inch
stream of water. Since the construc
tion of the siphon the level of the
lake has receded about ten feet,
and if the water continues to run
out at the present rate, a we "c or
t« n days will suffice 1o drain the
reservoir.
