# Once Around the Quad
## Official Notices QUAD PHOTOGRAPHS 
### 
Today the Quad will begin pho
tographing seniors in Humanities
and Sciences for the 1951 yearbook.
All students in these departments
who will graduate this year are
scheduled for today and Monday
through Wednesday.
Today the Quad will begin pho
tographing seniors in Humanities
and Sciences for the 1951 yearbook.
All students in these departments
who will graduate this year are
scheduled for today and Monday
through Wednesday.
Today the Quad will begin pho
tographing seniors in Humanities
and Sciences for the 1951 yearbook.
All students in these departments
who will graduate this year are
scheduled for today and Monday
through Wednesday.
Today the Quad will begin pho
tographing seniors in Humanities
and Sciences for the 1951 yearbook.
All students in these departments
who will graduate this year are
scheduled for today and Monday
through Wednesday.
Today the Quad will begin pho
tographing seniors in Humanities
and Sciences for the 1951 yearbook.
All students in these departments
who will graduate this year are
scheduled for today and Monday
through Wednesday.
Today the Quad will begin pho
tographing seniors in Humanities
and Sciences for the 1951 yearbook.
All students in these departments
who will graduate this year are
scheduled for today and Monday
through Wednesday.
Today the Quad will begin pho
tographing seniors in Humanities
and Sciences for the 1951 yearbook.
All students in these departments
who will graduate this year are
scheduled for today and Monday
through Wednesday.
Today the Quad will begin pho
tographing seniors in Humanities
and Sciences for the 1951 yearbook.
All students in these departments
who will graduate this year are
scheduled for today and Monday
through Wednesday.
Today the Quad will begin pho
tographing seniors in Humanities
and Sciences for the 1951 yearbook.
All students in these departments
who will graduate this year are
scheduled for today and Monday
through Wednesday.
Today the Quad will begin pho
tographing seniors in Humanities
and Sciences for the 1951 yearbook.
All students in these departments
who will graduate this year are
scheduled for today and Monday
through Wednesday.
Today the Quad will begin pho
tographing seniors in Humanities
and Sciences for the 1951 yearbook.
All students in these departments
who will graduate this year are
scheduled for today and Monday
through Wednesday.
Today the Quad will begin pho
tographing seniors in Humanities
and Sciences for the 1951 yearbook.
All students in these departments
who will graduate this year are
scheduled for today and Monday
through Wednesday.
Today the Quad will begin pho
tographing seniors in Humanities
and Sciences for the 1951 yearbook.
All students in these departments
who will graduate this year are
scheduled for today and Monday
through Wednesday.
Today the Quad will begin pho
tographing seniors in Humanities
and Sciences for the 1951 yearbook.
All students in these departments
who will graduate this year are
scheduled for today and Monday
through Wednesday.
