# ALPINE CLUB
## 
### 
There wil! be a practice climb
on Pinnacle Rock for Alpine Club
members Sunday. Club members
will meet at History corner at 9
Sunday morning.
There wil! be a practice climb
on Pinnacle Rock for Alpine Club
members Sunday. Club members
will meet at History corner at 9
Sunday morning.
There wil! be a practice climb
on Pinnacle Rock for Alpine Club
members Sunday. Club members
will meet at History corner at 9
Sunday morning.
There wil! be a practice climb
on Pinnacle Rock for Alpine Club
members Sunday. Club members
will meet at History corner at 9
Sunday morning.
There wil! be a practice climb
on Pinnacle Rock for Alpine Club
members Sunday. Club members
will meet at History corner at 9
Sunday morning.
There wil! be a practice climb
on Pinnacle Rock for Alpine Club
members Sunday. Club members
will meet at History corner at 9
Sunday morning.
There wil! be a practice climb
on Pinnacle Rock for Alpine Club
members Sunday. Club members
will meet at History corner at 9
Sunday morning.
There wil! be a practice climb
on Pinnacle Rock for Alpine Club
members Sunday. Club members
will meet at History corner at 9
Sunday morning.
There wil! be a practice climb
on Pinnacle Rock for Alpine Club
members Sunday. Club members
will meet at History corner at 9
Sunday morning.
There wil! be a practice climb
on Pinnacle Rock for Alpine Club
members Sunday. Club members
will meet at History corner at 9
Sunday morning.
There wil! be a practice climb
on Pinnacle Rock for Alpine Club
members Sunday. Club members
will meet at History corner at 9
Sunday morning.
There wil! be a practice climb
on Pinnacle Rock for Alpine Club
members Sunday. Club members
will meet at History corner at 9
Sunday morning.
There wil! be a practice climb
on Pinnacle Rock for Alpine Club
members Sunday. Club members
will meet at History corner at 9
Sunday morning.
There wil! be a practice climb
on Pinnacle Rock for Alpine Club
members Sunday. Club members
will meet at History corner at 9
Sunday morning.
