# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
THE
STUDIO COURT
TEA ROOM
Above the Gotham Shop
526 Ramona St.
i Palo Alto
i ; t
is the answer to the
i question—where
! shall we eat?
, i Luncheon — 60c
Dinner —85c
THE
STUDIO COURT
TEA ROOM
Above the Gotham Shop
526 Ramona St.
i Palo Alto
i ; t
is the answer to the
i question—where
! shall we eat?
, i Luncheon — 60c
Dinner —85c
THE
STUDIO COURT
TEA ROOM
Above the Gotham Shop
526 Ramona St.
i Palo Alto
i ; t
is the answer to the
i question—where
! shall we eat?
, i Luncheon — 60c
Dinner —85c
THE
STUDIO COURT
TEA ROOM
Above the Gotham Shop
526 Ramona St.
i Palo Alto
i ; t
is the answer to the
i question—where
! shall we eat?
, i Luncheon — 60c
Dinner —85c
THE
STUDIO COURT
TEA ROOM
Above the Gotham Shop
526 Ramona St.
i Palo Alto
i ; t
is the answer to the
i question—where
! shall we eat?
, i Luncheon — 60c
Dinner —85c
THE
STUDIO COURT
TEA ROOM
Above the Gotham Shop
526 Ramona St.
i Palo Alto
i ; t
is the answer to the
i question—where
! shall we eat?
, i Luncheon — 60c
Dinner —85c
THE
STUDIO COURT
TEA ROOM
Above the Gotham Shop
526 Ramona St.
i Palo Alto
i ; t
is the answer to the
i question—where
! shall we eat?
, i Luncheon — 60c
Dinner —85c
THE
STUDIO COURT
TEA ROOM
Above the Gotham Shop
526 Ramona St.
i Palo Alto
i ; t
is the answer to the
i question—where
! shall we eat?
, i Luncheon — 60c
Dinner —85c
THE
STUDIO COURT
TEA ROOM
Above the Gotham Shop
526 Ramona St.
i Palo Alto
i ; t
is the answer to the
i question—where
! shall we eat?
, i Luncheon — 60c
Dinner —85c
THE
STUDIO COURT
TEA ROOM
Above the Gotham Shop
526 Ramona St.
i Palo Alto
i ; t
is the answer to the
i question—where
! shall we eat?
, i Luncheon — 60c
Dinner —85c
THE
STUDIO COURT
TEA ROOM
Above the Gotham Shop
526 Ramona St.
i Palo Alto
i ; t
is the answer to the
i question—where
! shall we eat?
, i Luncheon — 60c
Dinner —85c
THE
STUDIO COURT
TEA ROOM
Above the Gotham Shop
526 Ramona St.
i Palo Alto
i ; t
is the answer to the
i question—where
! shall we eat?
, i Luncheon — 60c
Dinner —85c
THE
STUDIO COURT
TEA ROOM
Above the Gotham Shop
526 Ramona St.
i Palo Alto
i ; t
is the answer to the
i question—where
! shall we eat?
, i Luncheon — 60c
Dinner —85c
THE
STUDIO COURT
TEA ROOM
Above the Gotham Shop
526 Ramona St.
i Palo Alto
i ; t
is the answer to the
i question—where
! shall we eat?
, i Luncheon — 60c
Dinner —85c
THE
STUDIO COURT
TEA ROOM
Above the Gotham Shop
526 Ramona St.
i Palo Alto
i ; t
is the answer to the
i question—where
! shall we eat?
, i Luncheon — 60c
Dinner —85c
