# Untitled Article
## 
### 
New York University will give a
course in "Present Day Fashions" next
semester.
New York University will give a
course in "Present Day Fashions" next
semester.
New York University will give a
course in "Present Day Fashions" next
semester.
New York University will give a
course in "Present Day Fashions" next
semester.
New York University will give a
course in "Present Day Fashions" next
semester.
New York University will give a
course in "Present Day Fashions" next
semester.
New York University will give a
course in "Present Day Fashions" next
semester.
New York University will give a
course in "Present Day Fashions" next
semester.
New York University will give a
course in "Present Day Fashions" next
semester.
New York University will give a
course in "Present Day Fashions" next
semester.
New York University will give a
course in "Present Day Fashions" next
semester.
New York University will give a
course in "Present Day Fashions" next
semester.
New York University will give a
course in "Present Day Fashions" next
semester.
New York University will give a
course in "Present Day Fashions" next
semester.
New York University will give a
course in "Present Day Fashions" next
semester.
