# Sleep Walker Narrowly Escapes Death.
## 
### 
Sleep walking took on a dangerous
form at Encina Hall on last Sunday
evening, when W. P. Butcher, '13, at
tempted to climb from a fourth story
window while asleep. A fatal accident
was prevented by the prompt action of
his room mate. D. M. Barry, '15, who
dragged the sleep walker back to
safety.
Sleep walking took on a dangerous
form at Encina Hall on last Sunday
evening, when W. P. Butcher, '13, at
tempted to climb from a fourth story
window while asleep. A fatal accident
was prevented by the prompt action of
his room mate. D. M. Barry, '15, who
dragged the sleep walker back to
safety.
Sleep walking took on a dangerous
form at Encina Hall on last Sunday
evening, when W. P. Butcher, '13, at
tempted to climb from a fourth story
window while asleep. A fatal accident
was prevented by the prompt action of
his room mate. D. M. Barry, '15, who
dragged the sleep walker back to
safety.
Sleep walking took on a dangerous
form at Encina Hall on last Sunday
evening, when W. P. Butcher, '13, at
tempted to climb from a fourth story
window while asleep. A fatal accident
was prevented by the prompt action of
his room mate. D. M. Barry, '15, who
dragged the sleep walker back to
safety.
Sleep walking took on a dangerous
form at Encina Hall on last Sunday
evening, when W. P. Butcher, '13, at
tempted to climb from a fourth story
window while asleep. A fatal accident
was prevented by the prompt action of
his room mate. D. M. Barry, '15, who
dragged the sleep walker back to
safety.
Sleep walking took on a dangerous
form at Encina Hall on last Sunday
evening, when W. P. Butcher, '13, at
tempted to climb from a fourth story
window while asleep. A fatal accident
was prevented by the prompt action of
his room mate. D. M. Barry, '15, who
dragged the sleep walker back to
safety.
Sleep walking took on a dangerous
form at Encina Hall on last Sunday
evening, when W. P. Butcher, '13, at
tempted to climb from a fourth story
window while asleep. A fatal accident
was prevented by the prompt action of
his room mate. D. M. Barry, '15, who
dragged the sleep walker back to
safety.
Sleep walking took on a dangerous
form at Encina Hall on last Sunday
evening, when W. P. Butcher, '13, at
tempted to climb from a fourth story
window while asleep. A fatal accident
was prevented by the prompt action of
his room mate. D. M. Barry, '15, who
dragged the sleep walker back to
safety.
Sleep walking took on a dangerous
form at Encina Hall on last Sunday
evening, when W. P. Butcher, '13, at
tempted to climb from a fourth story
window while asleep. A fatal accident
was prevented by the prompt action of
his room mate. D. M. Barry, '15, who
dragged the sleep walker back to
safety.
Sleep walking took on a dangerous
form at Encina Hall on last Sunday
evening, when W. P. Butcher, '13, at
tempted to climb from a fourth story
window while asleep. A fatal accident
was prevented by the prompt action of
his room mate. D. M. Barry, '15, who
dragged the sleep walker back to
safety.
Sleep walking took on a dangerous
form at Encina Hall on last Sunday
evening, when W. P. Butcher, '13, at
tempted to climb from a fourth story
window while asleep. A fatal accident
was prevented by the prompt action of
his room mate. D. M. Barry, '15, who
dragged the sleep walker back to
safety.
Sleep walking took on a dangerous
form at Encina Hall on last Sunday
evening, when W. P. Butcher, '13, at
tempted to climb from a fourth story
window while asleep. A fatal accident
was prevented by the prompt action of
his room mate. D. M. Barry, '15, who
dragged the sleep walker back to
safety.
Sleep walking took on a dangerous
form at Encina Hall on last Sunday
evening, when W. P. Butcher, '13, at
tempted to climb from a fourth story
window while asleep. A fatal accident
was prevented by the prompt action of
his room mate. D. M. Barry, '15, who
dragged the sleep walker back to
safety.
