# Summer Trip in Europe.
## 
### 
A party, personally conducted by two
experienced travelers, will start from
San Francisco May 30, returning Sep
tember 1 via the Canadian Pacific. The
itinerary includes the principal places
of interest in Italy, Switzerland, the
Rhine country, Belgium, France, Eng
land, Scotland and Wales. A few more
members can be accommodated in the
party, if application be made immedi
ately. For particulars address Rox
860, campus.
A party, personally conducted by two
experienced travelers, will start from
San Francisco May 30, returning Sep
tember 1 via the Canadian Pacific. The
itinerary includes the principal places
of interest in Italy, Switzerland, the
Rhine country, Belgium, France, Eng
land, Scotland and Wales. A few more
members can be accommodated in the
party, if application be made immedi
ately. For particulars address Rox
860, campus.
A party, personally conducted by two
experienced travelers, will start from
San Francisco May 30, returning Sep
tember 1 via the Canadian Pacific. The
itinerary includes the principal places
of interest in Italy, Switzerland, the
Rhine country, Belgium, France, Eng
land, Scotland and Wales. A few more
members can be accommodated in the
party, if application be made immedi
ately. For particulars address Rox
860, campus.
A party, personally conducted by two
experienced travelers, will start from
San Francisco May 30, returning Sep
tember 1 via the Canadian Pacific. The
itinerary includes the principal places
of interest in Italy, Switzerland, the
Rhine country, Belgium, France, Eng
land, Scotland and Wales. A few more
members can be accommodated in the
party, if application be made immedi
ately. For particulars address Rox
860, campus.
A party, personally conducted by two
experienced travelers, will start from
San Francisco May 30, returning Sep
tember 1 via the Canadian Pacific. The
itinerary includes the principal places
of interest in Italy, Switzerland, the
Rhine country, Belgium, France, Eng
land, Scotland and Wales. A few more
members can be accommodated in the
party, if application be made immedi
ately. For particulars address Rox
860, campus.
A party, personally conducted by two
experienced travelers, will start from
San Francisco May 30, returning Sep
tember 1 via the Canadian Pacific. The
itinerary includes the principal places
of interest in Italy, Switzerland, the
Rhine country, Belgium, France, Eng
land, Scotland and Wales. A few more
members can be accommodated in the
party, if application be made immedi
ately. For particulars address Rox
860, campus.
A party, personally conducted by two
experienced travelers, will start from
San Francisco May 30, returning Sep
tember 1 via the Canadian Pacific. The
itinerary includes the principal places
of interest in Italy, Switzerland, the
Rhine country, Belgium, France, Eng
land, Scotland and Wales. A few more
members can be accommodated in the
party, if application be made immedi
ately. For particulars address Rox
860, campus.
A party, personally conducted by two
experienced travelers, will start from
San Francisco May 30, returning Sep
tember 1 via the Canadian Pacific. The
itinerary includes the principal places
of interest in Italy, Switzerland, the
Rhine country, Belgium, France, Eng
land, Scotland and Wales. A few more
members can be accommodated in the
party, if application be made immedi
ately. For particulars address Rox
860, campus.
A party, personally conducted by two
experienced travelers, will start from
San Francisco May 30, returning Sep
tember 1 via the Canadian Pacific. The
itinerary includes the principal places
of interest in Italy, Switzerland, the
Rhine country, Belgium, France, Eng
land, Scotland and Wales. A few more
members can be accommodated in the
party, if application be made immedi
ately. For particulars address Rox
860, campus.
A party, personally conducted by two
experienced travelers, will start from
San Francisco May 30, returning Sep
tember 1 via the Canadian Pacific. The
itinerary includes the principal places
of interest in Italy, Switzerland, the
Rhine country, Belgium, France, Eng
land, Scotland and Wales. A few more
members can be accommodated in the
party, if application be made immedi
ately. For particulars address Rox
860, campus.
A party, personally conducted by two
experienced travelers, will start from
San Francisco May 30, returning Sep
tember 1 via the Canadian Pacific. The
itinerary includes the principal places
of interest in Italy, Switzerland, the
Rhine country, Belgium, France, Eng
land, Scotland and Wales. A few more
members can be accommodated in the
party, if application be made immedi
ately. For particulars address Rox
860, campus.
A party, personally conducted by two
experienced travelers, will start from
San Francisco May 30, returning Sep
tember 1 via the Canadian Pacific. The
itinerary includes the principal places
of interest in Italy, Switzerland, the
Rhine country, Belgium, France, Eng
land, Scotland and Wales. A few more
members can be accommodated in the
party, if application be made immedi
ately. For particulars address Rox
860, campus.
A party, personally conducted by two
experienced travelers, will start from
San Francisco May 30, returning Sep
tember 1 via the Canadian Pacific. The
itinerary includes the principal places
of interest in Italy, Switzerland, the
Rhine country, Belgium, France, Eng
land, Scotland and Wales. A few more
members can be accommodated in the
party, if application be made immedi
ately. For particulars address Rox
860, campus.
