# Stanford Faculty Art Show to Open
## 
### BETSY WRIGHT 
From now until October 21,
Stanford students may see works
by fifteen membei-s of the Art
and Architecture Faculty at Stan
ford’s Art Gallery.
The display includes works of
various media, ranging from oil
and watercolor to photography,
and bronze and wood sculpture to
block-printed textiles.
NELSON VAN JUDAH has ex
amples of his hand-made jewelry,
contemporary and unique. He
supplements the actual articles
with color photographs of other
items he has made. In another
portion of the exhibit arc dis
played his photographs of sub
jects as diverse as the curiosity
of a child and the ebbing sea.
His photographs together with
those of Robert Mullen prove
photography is a medium of art
expressive as any other.
There are watercolors by Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz; landscapes,
and a sea-scape, “Coastline Big
Sur,” portraying the grey sea
indicative of an impending storm.
From this serenity, moods of the
paintings shift through Matt
Kahn’s dynamic studies of the in
tricacies of line and light in his

untitled works, to Richard Bow
man’s “Kinetogenics 6” and “Sol
dyne,” vibrant in their luminous
oranges, hot pinks, and greens.
Also included in this diversity of
moods is Jacqueline Thurston
Weigel’s unique “Dried Leaves”
and Arthur Efland’s “Ports of
Call" whore broad planes of color
merge yet manage to remain dis
tinct.
IN ADDITION to the paintings,
there are 3-dimensional pieces:
Robert Mullen’s sculptures in
bronze, and Gordon Brofft’s
“Patio People” which are con
structed of abstract wooden
shapes painted basic hues and
mounted upright similar to a to
tem pole.
Feminine viewers will admire
Mary Davidson’s textiles; she
utilizes silk, organza, linen, and
cotton, hand-printed with linole
um blocks to produce elegant de
signs.
COVERING 2-dimensional and
3-dimensional media from oil to
silk-screening, the Stanford art
faculty has assembled an excel
lent display of contemporary
work. It is modern; much is non
objective, but the exhibition is ex
cellently arranged and too good
to miss.
From now until October 21,
Stanford students may see works
by fifteen membei-s of the Art
and Architecture Faculty at Stan
ford’s Art Gallery.
The display includes works of
various media, ranging from oil
and watercolor to photography,
and bronze and wood sculpture to
block-printed textiles.
NELSON VAN JUDAH has ex
amples of his hand-made jewelry,
contemporary and unique. He
supplements the actual articles
with color photographs of other
items he has made. In another
portion of the exhibit arc dis
played his photographs of sub
jects as diverse as the curiosity
of a child and the ebbing sea.
His photographs together with
those of Robert Mullen prove
photography is a medium of art
expressive as any other.
There are watercolors by Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz; landscapes,
and a sea-scape, “Coastline Big
Sur,” portraying the grey sea
indicative of an impending storm.
From this serenity, moods of the
paintings shift through Matt
Kahn’s dynamic studies of the in
tricacies of line and light in his

untitled works, to Richard Bow
man’s “Kinetogenics 6” and “Sol
dyne,” vibrant in their luminous
oranges, hot pinks, and greens.
Also included in this diversity of
moods is Jacqueline Thurston
Weigel’s unique “Dried Leaves”
and Arthur Efland’s “Ports of
Call" whore broad planes of color
merge yet manage to remain dis
tinct.
IN ADDITION to the paintings,
there are 3-dimensional pieces:
Robert Mullen’s sculptures in
bronze, and Gordon Brofft’s
“Patio People” which are con
structed of abstract wooden
shapes painted basic hues and
mounted upright similar to a to
tem pole.
Feminine viewers will admire
Mary Davidson’s textiles; she
utilizes silk, organza, linen, and
cotton, hand-printed with linole
um blocks to produce elegant de
signs.
COVERING 2-dimensional and
3-dimensional media from oil to
silk-screening, the Stanford art
faculty has assembled an excel
lent display of contemporary
work. It is modern; much is non
objective, but the exhibition is ex
cellently arranged and too good
to miss.
From now until October 21,
Stanford students may see works
by fifteen membei-s of the Art
and Architecture Faculty at Stan
ford’s Art Gallery.
The display includes works of
various media, ranging from oil
and watercolor to photography,
and bronze and wood sculpture to
block-printed textiles.
NELSON VAN JUDAH has ex
amples of his hand-made jewelry,
contemporary and unique. He
supplements the actual articles
with color photographs of other
items he has made. In another
portion of the exhibit arc dis
played his photographs of sub
jects as diverse as the curiosity
of a child and the ebbing sea.
His photographs together with
those of Robert Mullen prove
photography is a medium of art
expressive as any other.
There are watercolors by Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz; landscapes,
and a sea-scape, “Coastline Big
Sur,” portraying the grey sea
indicative of an impending storm.
From this serenity, moods of the
paintings shift through Matt
Kahn’s dynamic studies of the in
tricacies of line and light in his

untitled works, to Richard Bow
man’s “Kinetogenics 6” and “Sol
dyne,” vibrant in their luminous
oranges, hot pinks, and greens.
Also included in this diversity of
moods is Jacqueline Thurston
Weigel’s unique “Dried Leaves”
and Arthur Efland’s “Ports of
Call" whore broad planes of color
merge yet manage to remain dis
tinct.
IN ADDITION to the paintings,
there are 3-dimensional pieces:
Robert Mullen’s sculptures in
bronze, and Gordon Brofft’s
“Patio People” which are con
structed of abstract wooden
shapes painted basic hues and
mounted upright similar to a to
tem pole.
Feminine viewers will admire
Mary Davidson’s textiles; she
utilizes silk, organza, linen, and
cotton, hand-printed with linole
um blocks to produce elegant de
signs.
COVERING 2-dimensional and
3-dimensional media from oil to
silk-screening, the Stanford art
faculty has assembled an excel
lent display of contemporary
work. It is modern; much is non
objective, but the exhibition is ex
cellently arranged and too good
to miss.
From now until October 21,
Stanford students may see works
by fifteen membei-s of the Art
and Architecture Faculty at Stan
ford’s Art Gallery.
The display includes works of
various media, ranging from oil
and watercolor to photography,
and bronze and wood sculpture to
block-printed textiles.
NELSON VAN JUDAH has ex
amples of his hand-made jewelry,
contemporary and unique. He
supplements the actual articles
with color photographs of other
items he has made. In another
portion of the exhibit arc dis
played his photographs of sub
jects as diverse as the curiosity
of a child and the ebbing sea.
His photographs together with
those of Robert Mullen prove
photography is a medium of art
expressive as any other.
There are watercolors by Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz; landscapes,
and a sea-scape, “Coastline Big
Sur,” portraying the grey sea
indicative of an impending storm.
From this serenity, moods of the
paintings shift through Matt
Kahn’s dynamic studies of the in
tricacies of line and light in his

untitled works, to Richard Bow
man’s “Kinetogenics 6” and “Sol
dyne,” vibrant in their luminous
oranges, hot pinks, and greens.
Also included in this diversity of
moods is Jacqueline Thurston
Weigel’s unique “Dried Leaves”
and Arthur Efland’s “Ports of
Call" whore broad planes of color
merge yet manage to remain dis
tinct.
IN ADDITION to the paintings,
there are 3-dimensional pieces:
Robert Mullen’s sculptures in
bronze, and Gordon Brofft’s
“Patio People” which are con
structed of abstract wooden
shapes painted basic hues and
mounted upright similar to a to
tem pole.
Feminine viewers will admire
Mary Davidson’s textiles; she
utilizes silk, organza, linen, and
cotton, hand-printed with linole
um blocks to produce elegant de
signs.
COVERING 2-dimensional and
3-dimensional media from oil to
silk-screening, the Stanford art
faculty has assembled an excel
lent display of contemporary
work. It is modern; much is non
objective, but the exhibition is ex
cellently arranged and too good
to miss.
From now until October 21,
Stanford students may see works
by fifteen membei-s of the Art
and Architecture Faculty at Stan
ford’s Art Gallery.
The display includes works of
various media, ranging from oil
and watercolor to photography,
and bronze and wood sculpture to
block-printed textiles.
NELSON VAN JUDAH has ex
amples of his hand-made jewelry,
contemporary and unique. He
supplements the actual articles
with color photographs of other
items he has made. In another
portion of the exhibit arc dis
played his photographs of sub
jects as diverse as the curiosity
of a child and the ebbing sea.
His photographs together with
those of Robert Mullen prove
photography is a medium of art
expressive as any other.
There are watercolors by Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz; landscapes,
and a sea-scape, “Coastline Big
Sur,” portraying the grey sea
indicative of an impending storm.
From this serenity, moods of the
paintings shift through Matt
Kahn’s dynamic studies of the in
tricacies of line and light in his

untitled works, to Richard Bow
man’s “Kinetogenics 6” and “Sol
dyne,” vibrant in their luminous
oranges, hot pinks, and greens.
Also included in this diversity of
moods is Jacqueline Thurston
Weigel’s unique “Dried Leaves”
and Arthur Efland’s “Ports of
Call" whore broad planes of color
merge yet manage to remain dis
tinct.
IN ADDITION to the paintings,
there are 3-dimensional pieces:
Robert Mullen’s sculptures in
bronze, and Gordon Brofft’s
“Patio People” which are con
structed of abstract wooden
shapes painted basic hues and
mounted upright similar to a to
tem pole.
Feminine viewers will admire
Mary Davidson’s textiles; she
utilizes silk, organza, linen, and
cotton, hand-printed with linole
um blocks to produce elegant de
signs.
COVERING 2-dimensional and
3-dimensional media from oil to
silk-screening, the Stanford art
faculty has assembled an excel
lent display of contemporary
work. It is modern; much is non
objective, but the exhibition is ex
cellently arranged and too good
to miss.
From now until October 21,
Stanford students may see works
by fifteen membei-s of the Art
and Architecture Faculty at Stan
ford’s Art Gallery.
The display includes works of
various media, ranging from oil
and watercolor to photography,
and bronze and wood sculpture to
block-printed textiles.
NELSON VAN JUDAH has ex
amples of his hand-made jewelry,
contemporary and unique. He
supplements the actual articles
with color photographs of other
items he has made. In another
portion of the exhibit arc dis
played his photographs of sub
jects as diverse as the curiosity
of a child and the ebbing sea.
His photographs together with
those of Robert Mullen prove
photography is a medium of art
expressive as any other.
There are watercolors by Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz; landscapes,
and a sea-scape, “Coastline Big
Sur,” portraying the grey sea
indicative of an impending storm.
From this serenity, moods of the
paintings shift through Matt
Kahn’s dynamic studies of the in
tricacies of line and light in his

untitled works, to Richard Bow
man’s “Kinetogenics 6” and “Sol
dyne,” vibrant in their luminous
oranges, hot pinks, and greens.
Also included in this diversity of
moods is Jacqueline Thurston
Weigel’s unique “Dried Leaves”
and Arthur Efland’s “Ports of
Call" whore broad planes of color
merge yet manage to remain dis
tinct.
IN ADDITION to the paintings,
there are 3-dimensional pieces:
Robert Mullen’s sculptures in
bronze, and Gordon Brofft’s
“Patio People” which are con
structed of abstract wooden
shapes painted basic hues and
mounted upright similar to a to
tem pole.
Feminine viewers will admire
Mary Davidson’s textiles; she
utilizes silk, organza, linen, and
cotton, hand-printed with linole
um blocks to produce elegant de
signs.
COVERING 2-dimensional and
3-dimensional media from oil to
silk-screening, the Stanford art
faculty has assembled an excel
lent display of contemporary
work. It is modern; much is non
objective, but the exhibition is ex
cellently arranged and too good
to miss.
From now until October 21,
Stanford students may see works
by fifteen membei-s of the Art
and Architecture Faculty at Stan
ford’s Art Gallery.
The display includes works of
various media, ranging from oil
and watercolor to photography,
and bronze and wood sculpture to
block-printed textiles.
NELSON VAN JUDAH has ex
amples of his hand-made jewelry,
contemporary and unique. He
supplements the actual articles
with color photographs of other
items he has made. In another
portion of the exhibit arc dis
played his photographs of sub
jects as diverse as the curiosity
of a child and the ebbing sea.
His photographs together with
those of Robert Mullen prove
photography is a medium of art
expressive as any other.
There are watercolors by Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz; landscapes,
and a sea-scape, “Coastline Big
Sur,” portraying the grey sea
indicative of an impending storm.
From this serenity, moods of the
paintings shift through Matt
Kahn’s dynamic studies of the in
tricacies of line and light in his

untitled works, to Richard Bow
man’s “Kinetogenics 6” and “Sol
dyne,” vibrant in their luminous
oranges, hot pinks, and greens.
Also included in this diversity of
moods is Jacqueline Thurston
Weigel’s unique “Dried Leaves”
and Arthur Efland’s “Ports of
Call" whore broad planes of color
merge yet manage to remain dis
tinct.
IN ADDITION to the paintings,
there are 3-dimensional pieces:
Robert Mullen’s sculptures in
bronze, and Gordon Brofft’s
“Patio People” which are con
structed of abstract wooden
shapes painted basic hues and
mounted upright similar to a to
tem pole.
Feminine viewers will admire
Mary Davidson’s textiles; she
utilizes silk, organza, linen, and
cotton, hand-printed with linole
um blocks to produce elegant de
signs.
COVERING 2-dimensional and
3-dimensional media from oil to
silk-screening, the Stanford art
faculty has assembled an excel
lent display of contemporary
work. It is modern; much is non
objective, but the exhibition is ex
cellently arranged and too good
to miss.
From now until October 21,
Stanford students may see works
by fifteen membei-s of the Art
and Architecture Faculty at Stan
ford’s Art Gallery.
The display includes works of
various media, ranging from oil
and watercolor to photography,
and bronze and wood sculpture to
block-printed textiles.
NELSON VAN JUDAH has ex
amples of his hand-made jewelry,
contemporary and unique. He
supplements the actual articles
with color photographs of other
items he has made. In another
portion of the exhibit arc dis
played his photographs of sub
jects as diverse as the curiosity
of a child and the ebbing sea.
His photographs together with
those of Robert Mullen prove
photography is a medium of art
expressive as any other.
There are watercolors by Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz; landscapes,
and a sea-scape, “Coastline Big
Sur,” portraying the grey sea
indicative of an impending storm.
From this serenity, moods of the
paintings shift through Matt
Kahn’s dynamic studies of the in
tricacies of line and light in his

untitled works, to Richard Bow
man’s “Kinetogenics 6” and “Sol
dyne,” vibrant in their luminous
oranges, hot pinks, and greens.
Also included in this diversity of
moods is Jacqueline Thurston
Weigel’s unique “Dried Leaves”
and Arthur Efland’s “Ports of
Call" whore broad planes of color
merge yet manage to remain dis
tinct.
IN ADDITION to the paintings,
there are 3-dimensional pieces:
Robert Mullen’s sculptures in
bronze, and Gordon Brofft’s
“Patio People” which are con
structed of abstract wooden
shapes painted basic hues and
mounted upright similar to a to
tem pole.
Feminine viewers will admire
Mary Davidson’s textiles; she
utilizes silk, organza, linen, and
cotton, hand-printed with linole
um blocks to produce elegant de
signs.
COVERING 2-dimensional and
3-dimensional media from oil to
silk-screening, the Stanford art
faculty has assembled an excel
lent display of contemporary
work. It is modern; much is non
objective, but the exhibition is ex
cellently arranged and too good
to miss.
From now until October 21,
Stanford students may see works
by fifteen membei-s of the Art
and Architecture Faculty at Stan
ford’s Art Gallery.
The display includes works of
various media, ranging from oil
and watercolor to photography,
and bronze and wood sculpture to
block-printed textiles.
NELSON VAN JUDAH has ex
amples of his hand-made jewelry,
contemporary and unique. He
supplements the actual articles
with color photographs of other
items he has made. In another
portion of the exhibit arc dis
played his photographs of sub
jects as diverse as the curiosity
of a child and the ebbing sea.
His photographs together with
those of Robert Mullen prove
photography is a medium of art
expressive as any other.
There are watercolors by Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz; landscapes,
and a sea-scape, “Coastline Big
Sur,” portraying the grey sea
indicative of an impending storm.
From this serenity, moods of the
paintings shift through Matt
Kahn’s dynamic studies of the in
tricacies of line and light in his

untitled works, to Richard Bow
man’s “Kinetogenics 6” and “Sol
dyne,” vibrant in their luminous
oranges, hot pinks, and greens.
Also included in this diversity of
moods is Jacqueline Thurston
Weigel’s unique “Dried Leaves”
and Arthur Efland’s “Ports of
Call" whore broad planes of color
merge yet manage to remain dis
tinct.
IN ADDITION to the paintings,
there are 3-dimensional pieces:
Robert Mullen’s sculptures in
bronze, and Gordon Brofft’s
“Patio People” which are con
structed of abstract wooden
shapes painted basic hues and
mounted upright similar to a to
tem pole.
Feminine viewers will admire
Mary Davidson’s textiles; she
utilizes silk, organza, linen, and
cotton, hand-printed with linole
um blocks to produce elegant de
signs.
COVERING 2-dimensional and
3-dimensional media from oil to
silk-screening, the Stanford art
faculty has assembled an excel
lent display of contemporary
work. It is modern; much is non
objective, but the exhibition is ex
cellently arranged and too good
to miss.
From now until October 21,
Stanford students may see works
by fifteen membei-s of the Art
and Architecture Faculty at Stan
ford’s Art Gallery.
The display includes works of
various media, ranging from oil
and watercolor to photography,
and bronze and wood sculpture to
block-printed textiles.
NELSON VAN JUDAH has ex
amples of his hand-made jewelry,
contemporary and unique. He
supplements the actual articles
with color photographs of other
items he has made. In another
portion of the exhibit arc dis
played his photographs of sub
jects as diverse as the curiosity
of a child and the ebbing sea.
His photographs together with
those of Robert Mullen prove
photography is a medium of art
expressive as any other.
There are watercolors by Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz; landscapes,
and a sea-scape, “Coastline Big
Sur,” portraying the grey sea
indicative of an impending storm.
From this serenity, moods of the
paintings shift through Matt
Kahn’s dynamic studies of the in
tricacies of line and light in his

untitled works, to Richard Bow
man’s “Kinetogenics 6” and “Sol
dyne,” vibrant in their luminous
oranges, hot pinks, and greens.
Also included in this diversity of
moods is Jacqueline Thurston
Weigel’s unique “Dried Leaves”
and Arthur Efland’s “Ports of
Call" whore broad planes of color
merge yet manage to remain dis
tinct.
IN ADDITION to the paintings,
there are 3-dimensional pieces:
Robert Mullen’s sculptures in
bronze, and Gordon Brofft’s
“Patio People” which are con
structed of abstract wooden
shapes painted basic hues and
mounted upright similar to a to
tem pole.
Feminine viewers will admire
Mary Davidson’s textiles; she
utilizes silk, organza, linen, and
cotton, hand-printed with linole
um blocks to produce elegant de
signs.
COVERING 2-dimensional and
3-dimensional media from oil to
silk-screening, the Stanford art
faculty has assembled an excel
lent display of contemporary
work. It is modern; much is non
objective, but the exhibition is ex
cellently arranged and too good
to miss.
From now until October 21,
Stanford students may see works
by fifteen membei-s of the Art
and Architecture Faculty at Stan
ford’s Art Gallery.
The display includes works of
various media, ranging from oil
and watercolor to photography,
and bronze and wood sculpture to
block-printed textiles.
NELSON VAN JUDAH has ex
amples of his hand-made jewelry,
contemporary and unique. He
supplements the actual articles
with color photographs of other
items he has made. In another
portion of the exhibit arc dis
played his photographs of sub
jects as diverse as the curiosity
of a child and the ebbing sea.
His photographs together with
those of Robert Mullen prove
photography is a medium of art
expressive as any other.
There are watercolors by Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz; landscapes,
and a sea-scape, “Coastline Big
Sur,” portraying the grey sea
indicative of an impending storm.
From this serenity, moods of the
paintings shift through Matt
Kahn’s dynamic studies of the in
tricacies of line and light in his

untitled works, to Richard Bow
man’s “Kinetogenics 6” and “Sol
dyne,” vibrant in their luminous
oranges, hot pinks, and greens.
Also included in this diversity of
moods is Jacqueline Thurston
Weigel’s unique “Dried Leaves”
and Arthur Efland’s “Ports of
Call" whore broad planes of color
merge yet manage to remain dis
tinct.
IN ADDITION to the paintings,
there are 3-dimensional pieces:
Robert Mullen’s sculptures in
bronze, and Gordon Brofft’s
“Patio People” which are con
structed of abstract wooden
shapes painted basic hues and
mounted upright similar to a to
tem pole.
Feminine viewers will admire
Mary Davidson’s textiles; she
utilizes silk, organza, linen, and
cotton, hand-printed with linole
um blocks to produce elegant de
signs.
COVERING 2-dimensional and
3-dimensional media from oil to
silk-screening, the Stanford art
faculty has assembled an excel
lent display of contemporary
work. It is modern; much is non
objective, but the exhibition is ex
cellently arranged and too good
to miss.
From now until October 21,
Stanford students may see works
by fifteen membei-s of the Art
and Architecture Faculty at Stan
ford’s Art Gallery.
The display includes works of
various media, ranging from oil
and watercolor to photography,
and bronze and wood sculpture to
block-printed textiles.
NELSON VAN JUDAH has ex
amples of his hand-made jewelry,
contemporary and unique. He
supplements the actual articles
with color photographs of other
items he has made. In another
portion of the exhibit arc dis
played his photographs of sub
jects as diverse as the curiosity
of a child and the ebbing sea.
His photographs together with
those of Robert Mullen prove
photography is a medium of art
expressive as any other.
There are watercolors by Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz; landscapes,
and a sea-scape, “Coastline Big
Sur,” portraying the grey sea
indicative of an impending storm.
From this serenity, moods of the
paintings shift through Matt
Kahn’s dynamic studies of the in
tricacies of line and light in his

untitled works, to Richard Bow
man’s “Kinetogenics 6” and “Sol
dyne,” vibrant in their luminous
oranges, hot pinks, and greens.
Also included in this diversity of
moods is Jacqueline Thurston
Weigel’s unique “Dried Leaves”
and Arthur Efland’s “Ports of
Call" whore broad planes of color
merge yet manage to remain dis
tinct.
IN ADDITION to the paintings,
there are 3-dimensional pieces:
Robert Mullen’s sculptures in
bronze, and Gordon Brofft’s
“Patio People” which are con
structed of abstract wooden
shapes painted basic hues and
mounted upright similar to a to
tem pole.
Feminine viewers will admire
Mary Davidson’s textiles; she
utilizes silk, organza, linen, and
cotton, hand-printed with linole
um blocks to produce elegant de
signs.
COVERING 2-dimensional and
3-dimensional media from oil to
silk-screening, the Stanford art
faculty has assembled an excel
lent display of contemporary
work. It is modern; much is non
objective, but the exhibition is ex
cellently arranged and too good
to miss.
From now until October 21,
Stanford students may see works
by fifteen membei-s of the Art
and Architecture Faculty at Stan
ford’s Art Gallery.
The display includes works of
various media, ranging from oil
and watercolor to photography,
and bronze and wood sculpture to
block-printed textiles.
NELSON VAN JUDAH has ex
amples of his hand-made jewelry,
contemporary and unique. He
supplements the actual articles
with color photographs of other
items he has made. In another
portion of the exhibit arc dis
played his photographs of sub
jects as diverse as the curiosity
of a child and the ebbing sea.
His photographs together with
those of Robert Mullen prove
photography is a medium of art
expressive as any other.
There are watercolors by Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz; landscapes,
and a sea-scape, “Coastline Big
Sur,” portraying the grey sea
indicative of an impending storm.
From this serenity, moods of the
paintings shift through Matt
Kahn’s dynamic studies of the in
tricacies of line and light in his

untitled works, to Richard Bow
man’s “Kinetogenics 6” and “Sol
dyne,” vibrant in their luminous
oranges, hot pinks, and greens.
Also included in this diversity of
moods is Jacqueline Thurston
Weigel’s unique “Dried Leaves”
and Arthur Efland’s “Ports of
Call" whore broad planes of color
merge yet manage to remain dis
tinct.
IN ADDITION to the paintings,
there are 3-dimensional pieces:
Robert Mullen’s sculptures in
bronze, and Gordon Brofft’s
“Patio People” which are con
structed of abstract wooden
shapes painted basic hues and
mounted upright similar to a to
tem pole.
Feminine viewers will admire
Mary Davidson’s textiles; she
utilizes silk, organza, linen, and
cotton, hand-printed with linole
um blocks to produce elegant de
signs.
COVERING 2-dimensional and
3-dimensional media from oil to
silk-screening, the Stanford art
faculty has assembled an excel
lent display of contemporary
work. It is modern; much is non
objective, but the exhibition is ex
cellently arranged and too good
to miss.
From now until October 21,
Stanford students may see works
by fifteen membei-s of the Art
and Architecture Faculty at Stan
ford’s Art Gallery.
The display includes works of
various media, ranging from oil
and watercolor to photography,
and bronze and wood sculpture to
block-printed textiles.
NELSON VAN JUDAH has ex
amples of his hand-made jewelry,
contemporary and unique. He
supplements the actual articles
with color photographs of other
items he has made. In another
portion of the exhibit arc dis
played his photographs of sub
jects as diverse as the curiosity
of a child and the ebbing sea.
His photographs together with
those of Robert Mullen prove
photography is a medium of art
expressive as any other.
There are watercolors by Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz; landscapes,
and a sea-scape, “Coastline Big
Sur,” portraying the grey sea
indicative of an impending storm.
From this serenity, moods of the
paintings shift through Matt
Kahn’s dynamic studies of the in
tricacies of line and light in his

untitled works, to Richard Bow
man’s “Kinetogenics 6” and “Sol
dyne,” vibrant in their luminous
oranges, hot pinks, and greens.
Also included in this diversity of
moods is Jacqueline Thurston
Weigel’s unique “Dried Leaves”
and Arthur Efland’s “Ports of
Call" whore broad planes of color
merge yet manage to remain dis
tinct.
IN ADDITION to the paintings,
there are 3-dimensional pieces:
Robert Mullen’s sculptures in
bronze, and Gordon Brofft’s
“Patio People” which are con
structed of abstract wooden
shapes painted basic hues and
mounted upright similar to a to
tem pole.
Feminine viewers will admire
Mary Davidson’s textiles; she
utilizes silk, organza, linen, and
cotton, hand-printed with linole
um blocks to produce elegant de
signs.
COVERING 2-dimensional and
3-dimensional media from oil to
silk-screening, the Stanford art
faculty has assembled an excel
lent display of contemporary
work. It is modern; much is non
objective, but the exhibition is ex
cellently arranged and too good
to miss.
From now until October 21,
Stanford students may see works
by fifteen membei-s of the Art
and Architecture Faculty at Stan
ford’s Art Gallery.
The display includes works of
various media, ranging from oil
and watercolor to photography,
and bronze and wood sculpture to
block-printed textiles.
NELSON VAN JUDAH has ex
amples of his hand-made jewelry,
contemporary and unique. He
supplements the actual articles
with color photographs of other
items he has made. In another
portion of the exhibit arc dis
played his photographs of sub
jects as diverse as the curiosity
of a child and the ebbing sea.
His photographs together with
those of Robert Mullen prove
photography is a medium of art
expressive as any other.
There are watercolors by Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz; landscapes,
and a sea-scape, “Coastline Big
Sur,” portraying the grey sea
indicative of an impending storm.
From this serenity, moods of the
paintings shift through Matt
Kahn’s dynamic studies of the in
tricacies of line and light in his

untitled works, to Richard Bow
man’s “Kinetogenics 6” and “Sol
dyne,” vibrant in their luminous
oranges, hot pinks, and greens.
Also included in this diversity of
moods is Jacqueline Thurston
Weigel’s unique “Dried Leaves”
and Arthur Efland’s “Ports of
Call" whore broad planes of color
merge yet manage to remain dis
tinct.
IN ADDITION to the paintings,
there are 3-dimensional pieces:
Robert Mullen’s sculptures in
bronze, and Gordon Brofft’s
“Patio People” which are con
structed of abstract wooden
shapes painted basic hues and
mounted upright similar to a to
tem pole.
Feminine viewers will admire
Mary Davidson’s textiles; she
utilizes silk, organza, linen, and
cotton, hand-printed with linole
um blocks to produce elegant de
signs.
COVERING 2-dimensional and
3-dimensional media from oil to
silk-screening, the Stanford art
faculty has assembled an excel
lent display of contemporary
work. It is modern; much is non
objective, but the exhibition is ex
cellently arranged and too good
to miss.
From now until October 21,
Stanford students may see works
by fifteen membei-s of the Art
and Architecture Faculty at Stan
ford’s Art Gallery.
The display includes works of
various media, ranging from oil
and watercolor to photography,
and bronze and wood sculpture to
block-printed textiles.
NELSON VAN JUDAH has ex
amples of his hand-made jewelry,
contemporary and unique. He
supplements the actual articles
with color photographs of other
items he has made. In another
portion of the exhibit arc dis
played his photographs of sub
jects as diverse as the curiosity
of a child and the ebbing sea.
His photographs together with
those of Robert Mullen prove
photography is a medium of art
expressive as any other.
There are watercolors by Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz; landscapes,
and a sea-scape, “Coastline Big
Sur,” portraying the grey sea
indicative of an impending storm.
From this serenity, moods of the
paintings shift through Matt
Kahn’s dynamic studies of the in
tricacies of line and light in his

untitled works, to Richard Bow
man’s “Kinetogenics 6” and “Sol
dyne,” vibrant in their luminous
oranges, hot pinks, and greens.
Also included in this diversity of
moods is Jacqueline Thurston
Weigel’s unique “Dried Leaves”
and Arthur Efland’s “Ports of
Call" whore broad planes of color
merge yet manage to remain dis
tinct.
IN ADDITION to the paintings,
there are 3-dimensional pieces:
Robert Mullen’s sculptures in
bronze, and Gordon Brofft’s
“Patio People” which are con
structed of abstract wooden
shapes painted basic hues and
mounted upright similar to a to
tem pole.
Feminine viewers will admire
Mary Davidson’s textiles; she
utilizes silk, organza, linen, and
cotton, hand-printed with linole
um blocks to produce elegant de
signs.
COVERING 2-dimensional and
3-dimensional media from oil to
silk-screening, the Stanford art
faculty has assembled an excel
lent display of contemporary
work. It is modern; much is non
objective, but the exhibition is ex
cellently arranged and too good
to miss.
From now until October 21,
Stanford students may see works
by fifteen membei-s of the Art
and Architecture Faculty at Stan
ford’s Art Gallery.
The display includes works of
various media, ranging from oil
and watercolor to photography,
and bronze and wood sculpture to
block-printed textiles.
NELSON VAN JUDAH has ex
amples of his hand-made jewelry,
contemporary and unique. He
supplements the actual articles
with color photographs of other
items he has made. In another
portion of the exhibit arc dis
played his photographs of sub
jects as diverse as the curiosity
of a child and the ebbing sea.
His photographs together with
those of Robert Mullen prove
photography is a medium of art
expressive as any other.
There are watercolors by Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz; landscapes,
and a sea-scape, “Coastline Big
Sur,” portraying the grey sea
indicative of an impending storm.
From this serenity, moods of the
paintings shift through Matt
Kahn’s dynamic studies of the in
tricacies of line and light in his

untitled works, to Richard Bow
man’s “Kinetogenics 6” and “Sol
dyne,” vibrant in their luminous
oranges, hot pinks, and greens.
Also included in this diversity of
moods is Jacqueline Thurston
Weigel’s unique “Dried Leaves”
and Arthur Efland’s “Ports of
Call" whore broad planes of color
merge yet manage to remain dis
tinct.
IN ADDITION to the paintings,
there are 3-dimensional pieces:
Robert Mullen’s sculptures in
bronze, and Gordon Brofft’s
“Patio People” which are con
structed of abstract wooden
shapes painted basic hues and
mounted upright similar to a to
tem pole.
Feminine viewers will admire
Mary Davidson’s textiles; she
utilizes silk, organza, linen, and
cotton, hand-printed with linole
um blocks to produce elegant de
signs.
COVERING 2-dimensional and
3-dimensional media from oil to
silk-screening, the Stanford art
faculty has assembled an excel
lent display of contemporary
work. It is modern; much is non
objective, but the exhibition is ex
cellently arranged and too good
to miss.
