# Conference At SLAC
## 
### 
The Second International
Conference on Accelerator
Dosimetry and Experience will
meet at the Stanford Linear
Accelerator Center (SLAC)
Wednesday through Friday, (Nov.
5-7) under joint sponsorship of
the center and the U.S. Atomic
Energy Commission's Division of
Operational Safety.
Richard C. McCall of SLAC and
J. Baarli of the European Center
for Nuclean Research (CERN) will
serve as conference chairman and
vice chairman respectively. Prof.
Wolfgang K.H. Panofsky, SLAC
director, will welcome the
conferees Wednesday morning in
the center's auditorium.
Close to 200 health physicists
and allied scientists from major
high-energy research laboratories
throughout the world are
expected to attend the meetings.
About one-fifth of them will
represent foreign countries
including East and West Germany,
England, Sweden, France, Italy,
Canada, the Netherlands, Japan,
Belgium, Finland, and
Switzerland.
More than 50 papers will be
given on such subjects as new
types of shielding around
accelerators, dosimetry of
high-energy photons, hadrons,
leptons, etc. and health physics
experience associated with
accelerators, according to W.
Ralph Nelson, chariman of
arrangements.
A conference banquet will be
given Thursday evening (Nov. 6)
at the Palo Alto Hills Golf and
Country Club. Dr. John R.
Cameron of the University of
Wisconsin Medical School will be
the speaker, discussing "The
Physics of Bone."
The first conference of this
type was held in 1965 at the
Brookhaven National Laboratory
on Long Island, N.Y.
