# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
SPRING BOWS
ARE IN
Pleasing shades of blue,
tan and orange in sport
specked patterns distin
guish the newly-received
75c bow ties at
Wideman's
Palo Alto
SPRING BOWS
ARE IN
Pleasing shades of blue,
tan and orange in sport
specked patterns distin
guish the newly-received
75c bow ties at
Wideman's
Palo Alto
SPRING BOWS
ARE IN
Pleasing shades of blue,
tan and orange in sport
specked patterns distin
guish the newly-received
75c bow ties at
Wideman's
Palo Alto
SPRING BOWS
ARE IN
Pleasing shades of blue,
tan and orange in sport
specked patterns distin
guish the newly-received
75c bow ties at
Wideman's
Palo Alto
SPRING BOWS
ARE IN
Pleasing shades of blue,
tan and orange in sport
specked patterns distin
guish the newly-received
75c bow ties at
Wideman's
Palo Alto
SPRING BOWS
ARE IN
Pleasing shades of blue,
tan and orange in sport
specked patterns distin
guish the newly-received
75c bow ties at
Wideman's
Palo Alto
SPRING BOWS
ARE IN
Pleasing shades of blue,
tan and orange in sport
specked patterns distin
guish the newly-received
75c bow ties at
Wideman's
Palo Alto
SPRING BOWS
ARE IN
Pleasing shades of blue,
tan and orange in sport
specked patterns distin
guish the newly-received
75c bow ties at
Wideman's
Palo Alto
SPRING BOWS
ARE IN
Pleasing shades of blue,
tan and orange in sport
specked patterns distin
guish the newly-received
75c bow ties at
Wideman's
Palo Alto
SPRING BOWS
ARE IN
Pleasing shades of blue,
tan and orange in sport
specked patterns distin
guish the newly-received
75c bow ties at
Wideman's
Palo Alto
SPRING BOWS
ARE IN
Pleasing shades of blue,
tan and orange in sport
specked patterns distin
guish the newly-received
75c bow ties at
Wideman's
Palo Alto
SPRING BOWS
ARE IN
Pleasing shades of blue,
tan and orange in sport
specked patterns distin
guish the newly-received
75c bow ties at
Wideman's
Palo Alto
SPRING BOWS
ARE IN
Pleasing shades of blue,
tan and orange in sport
specked patterns distin
guish the newly-received
75c bow ties at
Wideman's
Palo Alto
SPRING BOWS
ARE IN
Pleasing shades of blue,
tan and orange in sport
specked patterns distin
guish the newly-received
75c bow ties at
Wideman's
Palo Alto
SPRING BOWS
ARE IN
Pleasing shades of blue,
tan and orange in sport
specked patterns distin
guish the newly-received
75c bow ties at
Wideman's
Palo Alto
