# Adv. 14 Page 5
## 
### 
dy^yl ore
couples
ix>mc to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's priccs arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
Itrices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J JIWILIM
111 Bryant >»r—»
ww M* AM*
dy^yl ore
couples
ix>mc to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's priccs arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
Itrices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J JIWILIM
111 Bryant >»r—»
ww M* AM*
dy^yl ore
couples
ix>mc to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's priccs arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
Itrices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J JIWILIM
111 Bryant >»r—»
ww M* AM*
dy^yl ore
couples
ix>mc to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's priccs arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
Itrices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J JIWILIM
111 Bryant >»r—»
ww M* AM*
dy^yl ore
couples
ix>mc to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's priccs arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
Itrices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J JIWILIM
111 Bryant >»r—»
ww M* AM*
dy^yl ore
couples
ix>mc to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's priccs arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
Itrices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J JIWILIM
111 Bryant >»r—»
ww M* AM*
dy^yl ore
couples
ix>mc to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's priccs arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
Itrices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J JIWILIM
111 Bryant >»r—»
ww M* AM*
dy^yl ore
couples
ix>mc to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's priccs arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
Itrices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J JIWILIM
111 Bryant >»r—»
ww M* AM*
dy^yl ore
couples
ix>mc to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's priccs arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
Itrices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J JIWILIM
111 Bryant >»r—»
ww M* AM*
dy^yl ore
couples
ix>mc to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's priccs arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
Itrices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J JIWILIM
111 Bryant >»r—»
ww M* AM*
dy^yl ore
couples
ix>mc to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's priccs arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
Itrices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J JIWILIM
111 Bryant >»r—»
ww M* AM*
dy^yl ore
couples
ix>mc to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's priccs arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
Itrices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J JIWILIM
111 Bryant >»r—»
ww M* AM*
dy^yl ore
couples
ix>mc to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's priccs arc never
higher and in most instances,
arc substantially lower than
Itrices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J JIWILIM
111 Bryant >»r—»
ww M* AM*
