# WINTER TO SAN JOSE
## 
### 
Lloyd C. "Bud" Winter, Salinas
Jaysee track coach, has been ap
pointed to the post of varsity track
coach and frosh football coach at
San Jose State College. Hal Davis,
"world's fastest human," is the most
famous of Winter's proteges.

Betty Jean Montgomery, '41, and
Walter Bennett, '40, were married in
the Shatto Chapel of the First Con
gregational Church in Los Angeles
June 30.
Lloyd C. "Bud" Winter, Salinas
Jaysee track coach, has been ap
pointed to the post of varsity track
coach and frosh football coach at
San Jose State College. Hal Davis,
"world's fastest human," is the most
famous of Winter's proteges.

Betty Jean Montgomery, '41, and
Walter Bennett, '40, were married in
the Shatto Chapel of the First Con
gregational Church in Los Angeles
June 30.
Lloyd C. "Bud" Winter, Salinas
Jaysee track coach, has been ap
pointed to the post of varsity track
coach and frosh football coach at
San Jose State College. Hal Davis,
"world's fastest human," is the most
famous of Winter's proteges.

Betty Jean Montgomery, '41, and
Walter Bennett, '40, were married in
the Shatto Chapel of the First Con
gregational Church in Los Angeles
June 30.
Lloyd C. "Bud" Winter, Salinas
Jaysee track coach, has been ap
pointed to the post of varsity track
coach and frosh football coach at
San Jose State College. Hal Davis,
"world's fastest human," is the most
famous of Winter's proteges.

Betty Jean Montgomery, '41, and
Walter Bennett, '40, were married in
the Shatto Chapel of the First Con
gregational Church in Los Angeles
June 30.
Lloyd C. "Bud" Winter, Salinas
Jaysee track coach, has been ap
pointed to the post of varsity track
coach and frosh football coach at
San Jose State College. Hal Davis,
"world's fastest human," is the most
famous of Winter's proteges.

Betty Jean Montgomery, '41, and
Walter Bennett, '40, were married in
the Shatto Chapel of the First Con
gregational Church in Los Angeles
June 30.
Lloyd C. "Bud" Winter, Salinas
Jaysee track coach, has been ap
pointed to the post of varsity track
coach and frosh football coach at
San Jose State College. Hal Davis,
"world's fastest human," is the most
famous of Winter's proteges.

Betty Jean Montgomery, '41, and
Walter Bennett, '40, were married in
the Shatto Chapel of the First Con
gregational Church in Los Angeles
June 30.
Lloyd C. "Bud" Winter, Salinas
Jaysee track coach, has been ap
pointed to the post of varsity track
coach and frosh football coach at
San Jose State College. Hal Davis,
"world's fastest human," is the most
famous of Winter's proteges.

Betty Jean Montgomery, '41, and
Walter Bennett, '40, were married in
the Shatto Chapel of the First Con
gregational Church in Los Angeles
June 30.
Lloyd C. "Bud" Winter, Salinas
Jaysee track coach, has been ap
pointed to the post of varsity track
coach and frosh football coach at
San Jose State College. Hal Davis,
"world's fastest human," is the most
famous of Winter's proteges.

Betty Jean Montgomery, '41, and
Walter Bennett, '40, were married in
the Shatto Chapel of the First Con
gregational Church in Los Angeles
June 30.
Lloyd C. "Bud" Winter, Salinas
Jaysee track coach, has been ap
pointed to the post of varsity track
coach and frosh football coach at
San Jose State College. Hal Davis,
"world's fastest human," is the most
famous of Winter's proteges.

Betty Jean Montgomery, '41, and
Walter Bennett, '40, were married in
the Shatto Chapel of the First Con
gregational Church in Los Angeles
June 30.
Lloyd C. "Bud" Winter, Salinas
Jaysee track coach, has been ap
pointed to the post of varsity track
coach and frosh football coach at
San Jose State College. Hal Davis,
"world's fastest human," is the most
famous of Winter's proteges.

Betty Jean Montgomery, '41, and
Walter Bennett, '40, were married in
the Shatto Chapel of the First Con
gregational Church in Los Angeles
June 30.
Lloyd C. "Bud" Winter, Salinas
Jaysee track coach, has been ap
pointed to the post of varsity track
coach and frosh football coach at
San Jose State College. Hal Davis,
"world's fastest human," is the most
famous of Winter's proteges.

Betty Jean Montgomery, '41, and
Walter Bennett, '40, were married in
the Shatto Chapel of the First Con
gregational Church in Los Angeles
June 30.
Lloyd C. "Bud" Winter, Salinas
Jaysee track coach, has been ap
pointed to the post of varsity track
coach and frosh football coach at
San Jose State College. Hal Davis,
"world's fastest human," is the most
famous of Winter's proteges.

Betty Jean Montgomery, '41, and
Walter Bennett, '40, were married in
the Shatto Chapel of the First Con
gregational Church in Los Angeles
June 30.
Lloyd C. "Bud" Winter, Salinas
Jaysee track coach, has been ap
pointed to the post of varsity track
coach and frosh football coach at
San Jose State College. Hal Davis,
"world's fastest human," is the most
famous of Winter's proteges.

Betty Jean Montgomery, '41, and
Walter Bennett, '40, were married in
the Shatto Chapel of the First Con
gregational Church in Los Angeles
June 30.
Lloyd C. "Bud" Winter, Salinas
Jaysee track coach, has been ap
pointed to the post of varsity track
coach and frosh football coach at
San Jose State College. Hal Davis,
"world's fastest human," is the most
famous of Winter's proteges.

Betty Jean Montgomery, '41, and
Walter Bennett, '40, were married in
the Shatto Chapel of the First Con
gregational Church in Los Angeles
June 30.
Lloyd C. "Bud" Winter, Salinas
Jaysee track coach, has been ap
pointed to the post of varsity track
coach and frosh football coach at
San Jose State College. Hal Davis,
"world's fastest human," is the most
famous of Winter's proteges.

Betty Jean Montgomery, '41, and
Walter Bennett, '40, were married in
the Shatto Chapel of the First Con
gregational Church in Los Angeles
June 30.
Lloyd C. "Bud" Winter, Salinas
Jaysee track coach, has been ap
pointed to the post of varsity track
coach and frosh football coach at
San Jose State College. Hal Davis,
"world's fastest human," is the most
famous of Winter's proteges.

Betty Jean Montgomery, '41, and
Walter Bennett, '40, were married in
the Shatto Chapel of the First Con
gregational Church in Los Angeles
June 30.
Lloyd C. "Bud" Winter, Salinas
Jaysee track coach, has been ap
pointed to the post of varsity track
coach and frosh football coach at
San Jose State College. Hal Davis,
"world's fastest human," is the most
famous of Winter's proteges.

Betty Jean Montgomery, '41, and
Walter Bennett, '40, were married in
the Shatto Chapel of the First Con
gregational Church in Los Angeles
June 30.
Lloyd C. "Bud" Winter, Salinas
Jaysee track coach, has been ap
pointed to the post of varsity track
coach and frosh football coach at
San Jose State College. Hal Davis,
"world's fastest human," is the most
famous of Winter's proteges.

Betty Jean Montgomery, '41, and
Walter Bennett, '40, were married in
the Shatto Chapel of the First Con
gregational Church in Los Angeles
June 30.
