# Division of Music Judges Records
## 
### 
Four new recordings have been
appraised by the Stanford Division
of Music. "Medieval and Renais
sance Choral Music" sung by the
choir of the Pius X School of Litur
gical Music in New York, "Concerto
in B flat major" for bassoon and
orchestra by Mozart, "String Quar
tet Opus 18, No. 6," by L. von
Beethoven, played by the Coolidge
Quartet, and "Prelude to the After
noon of a Faun," by Claude Debussy
are the recordings which have been
criticized.
"Medieval and Renaissance Choral
Music" is only one of many record
ings made by the noteworthy choir
of young girls. This single record
ing is a phonographic history of
music for equal voices from me
dieval organum to Obrecht, Tave
ner, Lassus, and Palestrina. The
music takes one through Poland,
Chartres, Notre-Dame, Worcester,
Flanders and Spain en route to
Rome, and the Flagellants are heard
singing their painful way through
Germany during the year of the
Black Death, 1349.
Four new recordings have been
appraised by the Stanford Division
of Music. "Medieval and Renais
sance Choral Music" sung by the
choir of the Pius X School of Litur
gical Music in New York, "Concerto
in B flat major" for bassoon and
orchestra by Mozart, "String Quar
tet Opus 18, No. 6," by L. von
Beethoven, played by the Coolidge
Quartet, and "Prelude to the After
noon of a Faun," by Claude Debussy
are the recordings which have been
criticized.
"Medieval and Renaissance Choral
Music" is only one of many record
ings made by the noteworthy choir
of young girls. This single record
ing is a phonographic history of
music for equal voices from me
dieval organum to Obrecht, Tave
ner, Lassus, and Palestrina. The
music takes one through Poland,
Chartres, Notre-Dame, Worcester,
Flanders and Spain en route to
Rome, and the Flagellants are heard
singing their painful way through
Germany during the year of the
Black Death, 1349.
Four new recordings have been
appraised by the Stanford Division
of Music. "Medieval and Renais
sance Choral Music" sung by the
choir of the Pius X School of Litur
gical Music in New York, "Concerto
in B flat major" for bassoon and
orchestra by Mozart, "String Quar
tet Opus 18, No. 6," by L. von
Beethoven, played by the Coolidge
Quartet, and "Prelude to the After
noon of a Faun," by Claude Debussy
are the recordings which have been
criticized.
"Medieval and Renaissance Choral
Music" is only one of many record
ings made by the noteworthy choir
of young girls. This single record
ing is a phonographic history of
music for equal voices from me
dieval organum to Obrecht, Tave
ner, Lassus, and Palestrina. The
music takes one through Poland,
Chartres, Notre-Dame, Worcester,
Flanders and Spain en route to
Rome, and the Flagellants are heard
singing their painful way through
Germany during the year of the
Black Death, 1349.
Four new recordings have been
appraised by the Stanford Division
of Music. "Medieval and Renais
sance Choral Music" sung by the
choir of the Pius X School of Litur
gical Music in New York, "Concerto
in B flat major" for bassoon and
orchestra by Mozart, "String Quar
tet Opus 18, No. 6," by L. von
Beethoven, played by the Coolidge
Quartet, and "Prelude to the After
noon of a Faun," by Claude Debussy
are the recordings which have been
criticized.
"Medieval and Renaissance Choral
Music" is only one of many record
ings made by the noteworthy choir
of young girls. This single record
ing is a phonographic history of
music for equal voices from me
dieval organum to Obrecht, Tave
ner, Lassus, and Palestrina. The
music takes one through Poland,
Chartres, Notre-Dame, Worcester,
Flanders and Spain en route to
Rome, and the Flagellants are heard
singing their painful way through
Germany during the year of the
Black Death, 1349.
Four new recordings have been
appraised by the Stanford Division
of Music. "Medieval and Renais
sance Choral Music" sung by the
choir of the Pius X School of Litur
gical Music in New York, "Concerto
in B flat major" for bassoon and
orchestra by Mozart, "String Quar
tet Opus 18, No. 6," by L. von
Beethoven, played by the Coolidge
Quartet, and "Prelude to the After
noon of a Faun," by Claude Debussy
are the recordings which have been
criticized.
"Medieval and Renaissance Choral
Music" is only one of many record
ings made by the noteworthy choir
of young girls. This single record
ing is a phonographic history of
music for equal voices from me
dieval organum to Obrecht, Tave
ner, Lassus, and Palestrina. The
music takes one through Poland,
Chartres, Notre-Dame, Worcester,
Flanders and Spain en route to
Rome, and the Flagellants are heard
singing their painful way through
Germany during the year of the
Black Death, 1349.
Four new recordings have been
appraised by the Stanford Division
of Music. "Medieval and Renais
sance Choral Music" sung by the
choir of the Pius X School of Litur
gical Music in New York, "Concerto
in B flat major" for bassoon and
orchestra by Mozart, "String Quar
tet Opus 18, No. 6," by L. von
Beethoven, played by the Coolidge
Quartet, and "Prelude to the After
noon of a Faun," by Claude Debussy
are the recordings which have been
criticized.
"Medieval and Renaissance Choral
Music" is only one of many record
ings made by the noteworthy choir
of young girls. This single record
ing is a phonographic history of
music for equal voices from me
dieval organum to Obrecht, Tave
ner, Lassus, and Palestrina. The
music takes one through Poland,
Chartres, Notre-Dame, Worcester,
Flanders and Spain en route to
Rome, and the Flagellants are heard
singing their painful way through
Germany during the year of the
Black Death, 1349.
Four new recordings have been
appraised by the Stanford Division
of Music. "Medieval and Renais
sance Choral Music" sung by the
choir of the Pius X School of Litur
gical Music in New York, "Concerto
in B flat major" for bassoon and
orchestra by Mozart, "String Quar
tet Opus 18, No. 6," by L. von
Beethoven, played by the Coolidge
Quartet, and "Prelude to the After
noon of a Faun," by Claude Debussy
are the recordings which have been
criticized.
"Medieval and Renaissance Choral
Music" is only one of many record
ings made by the noteworthy choir
of young girls. This single record
ing is a phonographic history of
music for equal voices from me
dieval organum to Obrecht, Tave
ner, Lassus, and Palestrina. The
music takes one through Poland,
Chartres, Notre-Dame, Worcester,
Flanders and Spain en route to
Rome, and the Flagellants are heard
singing their painful way through
Germany during the year of the
Black Death, 1349.
Four new recordings have been
appraised by the Stanford Division
of Music. "Medieval and Renais
sance Choral Music" sung by the
choir of the Pius X School of Litur
gical Music in New York, "Concerto
in B flat major" for bassoon and
orchestra by Mozart, "String Quar
tet Opus 18, No. 6," by L. von
Beethoven, played by the Coolidge
Quartet, and "Prelude to the After
noon of a Faun," by Claude Debussy
are the recordings which have been
criticized.
"Medieval and Renaissance Choral
Music" is only one of many record
ings made by the noteworthy choir
of young girls. This single record
ing is a phonographic history of
music for equal voices from me
dieval organum to Obrecht, Tave
ner, Lassus, and Palestrina. The
music takes one through Poland,
Chartres, Notre-Dame, Worcester,
Flanders and Spain en route to
Rome, and the Flagellants are heard
singing their painful way through
Germany during the year of the
Black Death, 1349.
Four new recordings have been
appraised by the Stanford Division
of Music. "Medieval and Renais
sance Choral Music" sung by the
choir of the Pius X School of Litur
gical Music in New York, "Concerto
in B flat major" for bassoon and
orchestra by Mozart, "String Quar
tet Opus 18, No. 6," by L. von
Beethoven, played by the Coolidge
Quartet, and "Prelude to the After
noon of a Faun," by Claude Debussy
are the recordings which have been
criticized.
"Medieval and Renaissance Choral
Music" is only one of many record
ings made by the noteworthy choir
of young girls. This single record
ing is a phonographic history of
music for equal voices from me
dieval organum to Obrecht, Tave
ner, Lassus, and Palestrina. The
music takes one through Poland,
Chartres, Notre-Dame, Worcester,
Flanders and Spain en route to
Rome, and the Flagellants are heard
singing their painful way through
Germany during the year of the
Black Death, 1349.
Four new recordings have been
appraised by the Stanford Division
of Music. "Medieval and Renais
sance Choral Music" sung by the
choir of the Pius X School of Litur
gical Music in New York, "Concerto
in B flat major" for bassoon and
orchestra by Mozart, "String Quar
tet Opus 18, No. 6," by L. von
Beethoven, played by the Coolidge
Quartet, and "Prelude to the After
noon of a Faun," by Claude Debussy
are the recordings which have been
criticized.
"Medieval and Renaissance Choral
Music" is only one of many record
ings made by the noteworthy choir
of young girls. This single record
ing is a phonographic history of
music for equal voices from me
dieval organum to Obrecht, Tave
ner, Lassus, and Palestrina. The
music takes one through Poland,
Chartres, Notre-Dame, Worcester,
Flanders and Spain en route to
Rome, and the Flagellants are heard
singing their painful way through
Germany during the year of the
Black Death, 1349.
Four new recordings have been
appraised by the Stanford Division
of Music. "Medieval and Renais
sance Choral Music" sung by the
choir of the Pius X School of Litur
gical Music in New York, "Concerto
in B flat major" for bassoon and
orchestra by Mozart, "String Quar
tet Opus 18, No. 6," by L. von
Beethoven, played by the Coolidge
Quartet, and "Prelude to the After
noon of a Faun," by Claude Debussy
are the recordings which have been
criticized.
"Medieval and Renaissance Choral
Music" is only one of many record
ings made by the noteworthy choir
of young girls. This single record
ing is a phonographic history of
music for equal voices from me
dieval organum to Obrecht, Tave
ner, Lassus, and Palestrina. The
music takes one through Poland,
Chartres, Notre-Dame, Worcester,
Flanders and Spain en route to
Rome, and the Flagellants are heard
singing their painful way through
Germany during the year of the
Black Death, 1349.
Four new recordings have been
appraised by the Stanford Division
of Music. "Medieval and Renais
sance Choral Music" sung by the
choir of the Pius X School of Litur
gical Music in New York, "Concerto
in B flat major" for bassoon and
orchestra by Mozart, "String Quar
tet Opus 18, No. 6," by L. von
Beethoven, played by the Coolidge
Quartet, and "Prelude to the After
noon of a Faun," by Claude Debussy
are the recordings which have been
criticized.
"Medieval and Renaissance Choral
Music" is only one of many record
ings made by the noteworthy choir
of young girls. This single record
ing is a phonographic history of
music for equal voices from me
dieval organum to Obrecht, Tave
ner, Lassus, and Palestrina. The
music takes one through Poland,
Chartres, Notre-Dame, Worcester,
Flanders and Spain en route to
Rome, and the Flagellants are heard
singing their painful way through
Germany during the year of the
Black Death, 1349.
Four new recordings have been
appraised by the Stanford Division
of Music. "Medieval and Renais
sance Choral Music" sung by the
choir of the Pius X School of Litur
gical Music in New York, "Concerto
in B flat major" for bassoon and
orchestra by Mozart, "String Quar
tet Opus 18, No. 6," by L. von
Beethoven, played by the Coolidge
Quartet, and "Prelude to the After
noon of a Faun," by Claude Debussy
are the recordings which have been
criticized.
"Medieval and Renaissance Choral
Music" is only one of many record
ings made by the noteworthy choir
of young girls. This single record
ing is a phonographic history of
music for equal voices from me
dieval organum to Obrecht, Tave
ner, Lassus, and Palestrina. The
music takes one through Poland,
Chartres, Notre-Dame, Worcester,
Flanders and Spain en route to
Rome, and the Flagellants are heard
singing their painful way through
Germany during the year of the
Black Death, 1349.
Four new recordings have been
appraised by the Stanford Division
of Music. "Medieval and Renais
sance Choral Music" sung by the
choir of the Pius X School of Litur
gical Music in New York, "Concerto
in B flat major" for bassoon and
orchestra by Mozart, "String Quar
tet Opus 18, No. 6," by L. von
Beethoven, played by the Coolidge
Quartet, and "Prelude to the After
noon of a Faun," by Claude Debussy
are the recordings which have been
criticized.
"Medieval and Renaissance Choral
Music" is only one of many record
ings made by the noteworthy choir
of young girls. This single record
ing is a phonographic history of
music for equal voices from me
dieval organum to Obrecht, Tave
ner, Lassus, and Palestrina. The
music takes one through Poland,
Chartres, Notre-Dame, Worcester,
Flanders and Spain en route to
Rome, and the Flagellants are heard
singing their painful way through
Germany during the year of the
Black Death, 1349.
Four new recordings have been
appraised by the Stanford Division
of Music. "Medieval and Renais
sance Choral Music" sung by the
choir of the Pius X School of Litur
gical Music in New York, "Concerto
in B flat major" for bassoon and
orchestra by Mozart, "String Quar
tet Opus 18, No. 6," by L. von
Beethoven, played by the Coolidge
Quartet, and "Prelude to the After
noon of a Faun," by Claude Debussy
are the recordings which have been
criticized.
"Medieval and Renaissance Choral
Music" is only one of many record
ings made by the noteworthy choir
of young girls. This single record
ing is a phonographic history of
music for equal voices from me
dieval organum to Obrecht, Tave
ner, Lassus, and Palestrina. The
music takes one through Poland,
Chartres, Notre-Dame, Worcester,
Flanders and Spain en route to
Rome, and the Flagellants are heard
singing their painful way through
Germany during the year of the
Black Death, 1349.
Four new recordings have been
appraised by the Stanford Division
of Music. "Medieval and Renais
sance Choral Music" sung by the
choir of the Pius X School of Litur
gical Music in New York, "Concerto
in B flat major" for bassoon and
orchestra by Mozart, "String Quar
tet Opus 18, No. 6," by L. von
Beethoven, played by the Coolidge
Quartet, and "Prelude to the After
noon of a Faun," by Claude Debussy
are the recordings which have been
criticized.
"Medieval and Renaissance Choral
Music" is only one of many record
ings made by the noteworthy choir
of young girls. This single record
ing is a phonographic history of
music for equal voices from me
dieval organum to Obrecht, Tave
ner, Lassus, and Palestrina. The
music takes one through Poland,
Chartres, Notre-Dame, Worcester,
Flanders and Spain en route to
Rome, and the Flagellants are heard
singing their painful way through
Germany during the year of the
Black Death, 1349.
Four new recordings have been
appraised by the Stanford Division
of Music. "Medieval and Renais
sance Choral Music" sung by the
choir of the Pius X School of Litur
gical Music in New York, "Concerto
in B flat major" for bassoon and
orchestra by Mozart, "String Quar
tet Opus 18, No. 6," by L. von
Beethoven, played by the Coolidge
Quartet, and "Prelude to the After
noon of a Faun," by Claude Debussy
are the recordings which have been
criticized.
"Medieval and Renaissance Choral
Music" is only one of many record
ings made by the noteworthy choir
of young girls. This single record
ing is a phonographic history of
music for equal voices from me
dieval organum to Obrecht, Tave
ner, Lassus, and Palestrina. The
music takes one through Poland,
Chartres, Notre-Dame, Worcester,
Flanders and Spain en route to
Rome, and the Flagellants are heard
singing their painful way through
Germany during the year of the
Black Death, 1349.
Four new recordings have been
appraised by the Stanford Division
of Music. "Medieval and Renais
sance Choral Music" sung by the
choir of the Pius X School of Litur
gical Music in New York, "Concerto
in B flat major" for bassoon and
orchestra by Mozart, "String Quar
tet Opus 18, No. 6," by L. von
Beethoven, played by the Coolidge
Quartet, and "Prelude to the After
noon of a Faun," by Claude Debussy
are the recordings which have been
criticized.
"Medieval and Renaissance Choral
Music" is only one of many record
ings made by the noteworthy choir
of young girls. This single record
ing is a phonographic history of
music for equal voices from me
dieval organum to Obrecht, Tave
ner, Lassus, and Palestrina. The
music takes one through Poland,
Chartres, Notre-Dame, Worcester,
Flanders and Spain en route to
Rome, and the Flagellants are heard
singing their painful way through
Germany during the year of the
Black Death, 1349.
