# BAGSHAW BUILDS MEN FIRST, TEAMS LATER, AT WASHINGTON
## 
### 
Enoch Bagshaw is more valuable as a
coach to the University of Washington
than was Gil Dobie, according to Presi
dent Suzzallo in a recent address deliv
ered before the Washington Alumni As
sociation,
"Bagshaw builds men first and teams,
championship or not, later," said the
president. "This system does not re
quire students to sacrifice studies for
athletics."
Enoch Bagshaw is more valuable as a
coach to the University of Washington
than was Gil Dobie, according to Presi
dent Suzzallo in a recent address deliv
ered before the Washington Alumni As
sociation,
"Bagshaw builds men first and teams,
championship or not, later," said the
president. "This system does not re
quire students to sacrifice studies for
athletics."
Enoch Bagshaw is more valuable as a
coach to the University of Washington
than was Gil Dobie, according to Presi
dent Suzzallo in a recent address deliv
ered before the Washington Alumni As
sociation,
"Bagshaw builds men first and teams,
championship or not, later," said the
president. "This system does not re
quire students to sacrifice studies for
athletics."
Enoch Bagshaw is more valuable as a
coach to the University of Washington
than was Gil Dobie, according to Presi
dent Suzzallo in a recent address deliv
ered before the Washington Alumni As
sociation,
"Bagshaw builds men first and teams,
championship or not, later," said the
president. "This system does not re
quire students to sacrifice studies for
athletics."
Enoch Bagshaw is more valuable as a
coach to the University of Washington
than was Gil Dobie, according to Presi
dent Suzzallo in a recent address deliv
ered before the Washington Alumni As
sociation,
"Bagshaw builds men first and teams,
championship or not, later," said the
president. "This system does not re
quire students to sacrifice studies for
athletics."
Enoch Bagshaw is more valuable as a
coach to the University of Washington
than was Gil Dobie, according to Presi
dent Suzzallo in a recent address deliv
ered before the Washington Alumni As
sociation,
"Bagshaw builds men first and teams,
championship or not, later," said the
president. "This system does not re
quire students to sacrifice studies for
athletics."
Enoch Bagshaw is more valuable as a
coach to the University of Washington
than was Gil Dobie, according to Presi
dent Suzzallo in a recent address deliv
ered before the Washington Alumni As
sociation,
"Bagshaw builds men first and teams,
championship or not, later," said the
president. "This system does not re
quire students to sacrifice studies for
athletics."
Enoch Bagshaw is more valuable as a
coach to the University of Washington
than was Gil Dobie, according to Presi
dent Suzzallo in a recent address deliv
ered before the Washington Alumni As
sociation,
"Bagshaw builds men first and teams,
championship or not, later," said the
president. "This system does not re
quire students to sacrifice studies for
athletics."
Enoch Bagshaw is more valuable as a
coach to the University of Washington
than was Gil Dobie, according to Presi
dent Suzzallo in a recent address deliv
ered before the Washington Alumni As
sociation,
"Bagshaw builds men first and teams,
championship or not, later," said the
president. "This system does not re
quire students to sacrifice studies for
athletics."
Enoch Bagshaw is more valuable as a
coach to the University of Washington
than was Gil Dobie, according to Presi
dent Suzzallo in a recent address deliv
ered before the Washington Alumni As
sociation,
"Bagshaw builds men first and teams,
championship or not, later," said the
president. "This system does not re
quire students to sacrifice studies for
athletics."
Enoch Bagshaw is more valuable as a
coach to the University of Washington
than was Gil Dobie, according to Presi
dent Suzzallo in a recent address deliv
ered before the Washington Alumni As
sociation,
"Bagshaw builds men first and teams,
championship or not, later," said the
president. "This system does not re
quire students to sacrifice studies for
athletics."
Enoch Bagshaw is more valuable as a
coach to the University of Washington
than was Gil Dobie, according to Presi
dent Suzzallo in a recent address deliv
ered before the Washington Alumni As
sociation,
"Bagshaw builds men first and teams,
championship or not, later," said the
president. "This system does not re
quire students to sacrifice studies for
athletics."
Enoch Bagshaw is more valuable as a
coach to the University of Washington
than was Gil Dobie, according to Presi
dent Suzzallo in a recent address deliv
ered before the Washington Alumni As
sociation,
"Bagshaw builds men first and teams,
championship or not, later," said the
president. "This system does not re
quire students to sacrifice studies for
athletics."
Enoch Bagshaw is more valuable as a
coach to the University of Washington
than was Gil Dobie, according to Presi
dent Suzzallo in a recent address deliv
ered before the Washington Alumni As
sociation,
"Bagshaw builds men first and teams,
championship or not, later," said the
president. "This system does not re
quire students to sacrifice studies for
athletics."
Enoch Bagshaw is more valuable as a
coach to the University of Washington
than was Gil Dobie, according to Presi
dent Suzzallo in a recent address deliv
ered before the Washington Alumni As
sociation,
"Bagshaw builds men first and teams,
championship or not, later," said the
president. "This system does not re
quire students to sacrifice studies for
athletics."
Enoch Bagshaw is more valuable as a
coach to the University of Washington
than was Gil Dobie, according to Presi
dent Suzzallo in a recent address deliv
ered before the Washington Alumni As
sociation,
"Bagshaw builds men first and teams,
championship or not, later," said the
president. "This system does not re
quire students to sacrifice studies for
athletics."
