# MINNESOTA RIFLE TEAM TO OPPOSE WESTERN SCHOOLS
## 
### 
The rifle team from the University of
Minnesota R. O. «T. C. will shoot in
competition during coming weeks against
the Universities of Maine. Montana,
Nevada, and Washington; also against
the Utah College of Agriculture. Minne
sota lias not met any of these teams
hitherto. A team of 15 men headed bj
Cadet Lieutenant Norman Leseler will
take part in the matches, which will be
shot in the home armories of each uni
versity, followed by a comparison of
scores, according to Captain Andrew C.
Tychsen, in charge of rifle instruction.

St. Mary's cage five defeated the
Knights of Columbus quintet of Oakland
20-17 in a fast game last night. Madigan
substituted freely to get a line on his
reserves. The score at half time was
11-6.
The rifle team from the University of
Minnesota R. O. «T. C. will shoot in
competition during coming weeks against
the Universities of Maine. Montana,
Nevada, and Washington; also against
the Utah College of Agriculture. Minne
sota lias not met any of these teams
hitherto. A team of 15 men headed bj
Cadet Lieutenant Norman Leseler will
take part in the matches, which will be
shot in the home armories of each uni
versity, followed by a comparison of
scores, according to Captain Andrew C.
Tychsen, in charge of rifle instruction.

St. Mary's cage five defeated the
Knights of Columbus quintet of Oakland
20-17 in a fast game last night. Madigan
substituted freely to get a line on his
reserves. The score at half time was
11-6.
The rifle team from the University of
Minnesota R. O. «T. C. will shoot in
competition during coming weeks against
the Universities of Maine. Montana,
Nevada, and Washington; also against
the Utah College of Agriculture. Minne
sota lias not met any of these teams
hitherto. A team of 15 men headed bj
Cadet Lieutenant Norman Leseler will
take part in the matches, which will be
shot in the home armories of each uni
versity, followed by a comparison of
scores, according to Captain Andrew C.
Tychsen, in charge of rifle instruction.

St. Mary's cage five defeated the
Knights of Columbus quintet of Oakland
20-17 in a fast game last night. Madigan
substituted freely to get a line on his
reserves. The score at half time was
11-6.
The rifle team from the University of
Minnesota R. O. «T. C. will shoot in
competition during coming weeks against
the Universities of Maine. Montana,
Nevada, and Washington; also against
the Utah College of Agriculture. Minne
sota lias not met any of these teams
hitherto. A team of 15 men headed bj
Cadet Lieutenant Norman Leseler will
take part in the matches, which will be
shot in the home armories of each uni
versity, followed by a comparison of
scores, according to Captain Andrew C.
Tychsen, in charge of rifle instruction.

St. Mary's cage five defeated the
Knights of Columbus quintet of Oakland
20-17 in a fast game last night. Madigan
substituted freely to get a line on his
reserves. The score at half time was
11-6.
The rifle team from the University of
Minnesota R. O. «T. C. will shoot in
competition during coming weeks against
the Universities of Maine. Montana,
Nevada, and Washington; also against
the Utah College of Agriculture. Minne
sota lias not met any of these teams
hitherto. A team of 15 men headed bj
Cadet Lieutenant Norman Leseler will
take part in the matches, which will be
shot in the home armories of each uni
versity, followed by a comparison of
scores, according to Captain Andrew C.
Tychsen, in charge of rifle instruction.

St. Mary's cage five defeated the
Knights of Columbus quintet of Oakland
20-17 in a fast game last night. Madigan
substituted freely to get a line on his
reserves. The score at half time was
11-6.
The rifle team from the University of
Minnesota R. O. «T. C. will shoot in
competition during coming weeks against
the Universities of Maine. Montana,
Nevada, and Washington; also against
the Utah College of Agriculture. Minne
sota lias not met any of these teams
hitherto. A team of 15 men headed bj
Cadet Lieutenant Norman Leseler will
take part in the matches, which will be
shot in the home armories of each uni
versity, followed by a comparison of
scores, according to Captain Andrew C.
Tychsen, in charge of rifle instruction.

St. Mary's cage five defeated the
Knights of Columbus quintet of Oakland
20-17 in a fast game last night. Madigan
substituted freely to get a line on his
reserves. The score at half time was
11-6.
The rifle team from the University of
Minnesota R. O. «T. C. will shoot in
competition during coming weeks against
the Universities of Maine. Montana,
Nevada, and Washington; also against
the Utah College of Agriculture. Minne
sota lias not met any of these teams
hitherto. A team of 15 men headed bj
Cadet Lieutenant Norman Leseler will
take part in the matches, which will be
shot in the home armories of each uni
versity, followed by a comparison of
scores, according to Captain Andrew C.
Tychsen, in charge of rifle instruction.

St. Mary's cage five defeated the
Knights of Columbus quintet of Oakland
20-17 in a fast game last night. Madigan
substituted freely to get a line on his
reserves. The score at half time was
11-6.
The rifle team from the University of
Minnesota R. O. «T. C. will shoot in
competition during coming weeks against
the Universities of Maine. Montana,
Nevada, and Washington; also against
the Utah College of Agriculture. Minne
sota lias not met any of these teams
hitherto. A team of 15 men headed bj
Cadet Lieutenant Norman Leseler will
take part in the matches, which will be
shot in the home armories of each uni
versity, followed by a comparison of
scores, according to Captain Andrew C.
Tychsen, in charge of rifle instruction.

St. Mary's cage five defeated the
Knights of Columbus quintet of Oakland
20-17 in a fast game last night. Madigan
substituted freely to get a line on his
reserves. The score at half time was
11-6.
The rifle team from the University of
Minnesota R. O. «T. C. will shoot in
competition during coming weeks against
the Universities of Maine. Montana,
Nevada, and Washington; also against
the Utah College of Agriculture. Minne
sota lias not met any of these teams
hitherto. A team of 15 men headed bj
Cadet Lieutenant Norman Leseler will
take part in the matches, which will be
shot in the home armories of each uni
versity, followed by a comparison of
scores, according to Captain Andrew C.
Tychsen, in charge of rifle instruction.

St. Mary's cage five defeated the
Knights of Columbus quintet of Oakland
20-17 in a fast game last night. Madigan
substituted freely to get a line on his
reserves. The score at half time was
11-6.
The rifle team from the University of
Minnesota R. O. «T. C. will shoot in
competition during coming weeks against
the Universities of Maine. Montana,
Nevada, and Washington; also against
the Utah College of Agriculture. Minne
sota lias not met any of these teams
hitherto. A team of 15 men headed bj
Cadet Lieutenant Norman Leseler will
take part in the matches, which will be
shot in the home armories of each uni
versity, followed by a comparison of
scores, according to Captain Andrew C.
Tychsen, in charge of rifle instruction.

St. Mary's cage five defeated the
Knights of Columbus quintet of Oakland
20-17 in a fast game last night. Madigan
substituted freely to get a line on his
reserves. The score at half time was
11-6.
The rifle team from the University of
Minnesota R. O. «T. C. will shoot in
competition during coming weeks against
the Universities of Maine. Montana,
Nevada, and Washington; also against
the Utah College of Agriculture. Minne
sota lias not met any of these teams
hitherto. A team of 15 men headed bj
Cadet Lieutenant Norman Leseler will
take part in the matches, which will be
shot in the home armories of each uni
versity, followed by a comparison of
scores, according to Captain Andrew C.
Tychsen, in charge of rifle instruction.

St. Mary's cage five defeated the
Knights of Columbus quintet of Oakland
20-17 in a fast game last night. Madigan
substituted freely to get a line on his
reserves. The score at half time was
11-6.
The rifle team from the University of
Minnesota R. O. «T. C. will shoot in
competition during coming weeks against
the Universities of Maine. Montana,
Nevada, and Washington; also against
the Utah College of Agriculture. Minne
sota lias not met any of these teams
hitherto. A team of 15 men headed bj
Cadet Lieutenant Norman Leseler will
take part in the matches, which will be
shot in the home armories of each uni
versity, followed by a comparison of
scores, according to Captain Andrew C.
Tychsen, in charge of rifle instruction.

St. Mary's cage five defeated the
Knights of Columbus quintet of Oakland
20-17 in a fast game last night. Madigan
substituted freely to get a line on his
reserves. The score at half time was
11-6.
The rifle team from the University of
Minnesota R. O. «T. C. will shoot in
competition during coming weeks against
the Universities of Maine. Montana,
Nevada, and Washington; also against
the Utah College of Agriculture. Minne
sota lias not met any of these teams
hitherto. A team of 15 men headed bj
Cadet Lieutenant Norman Leseler will
take part in the matches, which will be
shot in the home armories of each uni
versity, followed by a comparison of
scores, according to Captain Andrew C.
Tychsen, in charge of rifle instruction.

St. Mary's cage five defeated the
Knights of Columbus quintet of Oakland
20-17 in a fast game last night. Madigan
substituted freely to get a line on his
reserves. The score at half time was
11-6.
The rifle team from the University of
Minnesota R. O. «T. C. will shoot in
competition during coming weeks against
the Universities of Maine. Montana,
Nevada, and Washington; also against
the Utah College of Agriculture. Minne
sota lias not met any of these teams
hitherto. A team of 15 men headed bj
Cadet Lieutenant Norman Leseler will
take part in the matches, which will be
shot in the home armories of each uni
versity, followed by a comparison of
scores, according to Captain Andrew C.
Tychsen, in charge of rifle instruction.

St. Mary's cage five defeated the
Knights of Columbus quintet of Oakland
20-17 in a fast game last night. Madigan
substituted freely to get a line on his
reserves. The score at half time was
11-6.
The rifle team from the University of
Minnesota R. O. «T. C. will shoot in
competition during coming weeks against
the Universities of Maine. Montana,
Nevada, and Washington; also against
the Utah College of Agriculture. Minne
sota lias not met any of these teams
hitherto. A team of 15 men headed bj
Cadet Lieutenant Norman Leseler will
take part in the matches, which will be
shot in the home armories of each uni
versity, followed by a comparison of
scores, according to Captain Andrew C.
Tychsen, in charge of rifle instruction.

St. Mary's cage five defeated the
Knights of Columbus quintet of Oakland
20-17 in a fast game last night. Madigan
substituted freely to get a line on his
reserves. The score at half time was
11-6.
The rifle team from the University of
Minnesota R. O. «T. C. will shoot in
competition during coming weeks against
the Universities of Maine. Montana,
Nevada, and Washington; also against
the Utah College of Agriculture. Minne
sota lias not met any of these teams
hitherto. A team of 15 men headed bj
Cadet Lieutenant Norman Leseler will
take part in the matches, which will be
shot in the home armories of each uni
versity, followed by a comparison of
scores, according to Captain Andrew C.
Tychsen, in charge of rifle instruction.

St. Mary's cage five defeated the
Knights of Columbus quintet of Oakland
20-17 in a fast game last night. Madigan
substituted freely to get a line on his
reserves. The score at half time was
11-6.
