# Lovekins Take World Tour
## 
### 
Mr. and Mrs. Osgood Lovekin are
taking a honeymoon trip around the
world. Mrs. Lovekin was Marion
Rhodes, '23, and is a member of Kappa
Kappa Gamma. Lovekin, '23, is a mem
ber of Encina Club.
* * *
Mr. and Mrs. Osgood Lovekin are
taking a honeymoon trip around the
world. Mrs. Lovekin was Marion
Rhodes, '23, and is a member of Kappa
Kappa Gamma. Lovekin, '23, is a mem
ber of Encina Club.
* * *
Mr. and Mrs. Osgood Lovekin are
taking a honeymoon trip around the
world. Mrs. Lovekin was Marion
Rhodes, '23, and is a member of Kappa
Kappa Gamma. Lovekin, '23, is a mem
ber of Encina Club.
* * *
Mr. and Mrs. Osgood Lovekin are
taking a honeymoon trip around the
world. Mrs. Lovekin was Marion
Rhodes, '23, and is a member of Kappa
Kappa Gamma. Lovekin, '23, is a mem
ber of Encina Club.
* * *
Mr. and Mrs. Osgood Lovekin are
taking a honeymoon trip around the
world. Mrs. Lovekin was Marion
Rhodes, '23, and is a member of Kappa
Kappa Gamma. Lovekin, '23, is a mem
ber of Encina Club.
* * *
Mr. and Mrs. Osgood Lovekin are
taking a honeymoon trip around the
world. Mrs. Lovekin was Marion
Rhodes, '23, and is a member of Kappa
Kappa Gamma. Lovekin, '23, is a mem
ber of Encina Club.
* * *
Mr. and Mrs. Osgood Lovekin are
taking a honeymoon trip around the
world. Mrs. Lovekin was Marion
Rhodes, '23, and is a member of Kappa
Kappa Gamma. Lovekin, '23, is a mem
ber of Encina Club.
* * *
Mr. and Mrs. Osgood Lovekin are
taking a honeymoon trip around the
world. Mrs. Lovekin was Marion
Rhodes, '23, and is a member of Kappa
Kappa Gamma. Lovekin, '23, is a mem
ber of Encina Club.
* * *
Mr. and Mrs. Osgood Lovekin are
taking a honeymoon trip around the
world. Mrs. Lovekin was Marion
Rhodes, '23, and is a member of Kappa
Kappa Gamma. Lovekin, '23, is a mem
ber of Encina Club.
* * *
Mr. and Mrs. Osgood Lovekin are
taking a honeymoon trip around the
world. Mrs. Lovekin was Marion
Rhodes, '23, and is a member of Kappa
Kappa Gamma. Lovekin, '23, is a mem
ber of Encina Club.
* * *
Mr. and Mrs. Osgood Lovekin are
taking a honeymoon trip around the
world. Mrs. Lovekin was Marion
Rhodes, '23, and is a member of Kappa
Kappa Gamma. Lovekin, '23, is a mem
ber of Encina Club.
* * *
Mr. and Mrs. Osgood Lovekin are
taking a honeymoon trip around the
world. Mrs. Lovekin was Marion
Rhodes, '23, and is a member of Kappa
Kappa Gamma. Lovekin, '23, is a mem
ber of Encina Club.
* * *
Mr. and Mrs. Osgood Lovekin are
taking a honeymoon trip around the
world. Mrs. Lovekin was Marion
Rhodes, '23, and is a member of Kappa
Kappa Gamma. Lovekin, '23, is a mem
ber of Encina Club.
* * *
Mr. and Mrs. Osgood Lovekin are
taking a honeymoon trip around the
world. Mrs. Lovekin was Marion
Rhodes, '23, and is a member of Kappa
Kappa Gamma. Lovekin, '23, is a mem
ber of Encina Club.
* * *
Mr. and Mrs. Osgood Lovekin are
taking a honeymoon trip around the
world. Mrs. Lovekin was Marion
Rhodes, '23, and is a member of Kappa
Kappa Gamma. Lovekin, '23, is a mem
ber of Encina Club.
* * *
Mr. and Mrs. Osgood Lovekin are
taking a honeymoon trip around the
world. Mrs. Lovekin was Marion
Rhodes, '23, and is a member of Kappa
Kappa Gamma. Lovekin, '23, is a mem
ber of Encina Club.
* * *
