# Roberts, Harper Get Tourney Byes
## 
### 
First - round matches of the
School of Education's summer ten
nis tournament got under way yes
terday with two of its top seeded
men drawing byes.
Both number one seeded Andy
Roberts, a former Stanford player
in 1942, and second seeded Ed Har
per, a San Jose State star in 1938,
will not get into action until the
second-round matches begin next
Thursday.
First - round matches of the
School of Education's summer ten
nis tournament got under way yes
terday with two of its top seeded
men drawing byes.
Both number one seeded Andy
Roberts, a former Stanford player
in 1942, and second seeded Ed Har
per, a San Jose State star in 1938,
will not get into action until the
second-round matches begin next
Thursday.
First - round matches of the
School of Education's summer ten
nis tournament got under way yes
terday with two of its top seeded
men drawing byes.
Both number one seeded Andy
Roberts, a former Stanford player
in 1942, and second seeded Ed Har
per, a San Jose State star in 1938,
will not get into action until the
second-round matches begin next
Thursday.
First - round matches of the
School of Education's summer ten
nis tournament got under way yes
terday with two of its top seeded
men drawing byes.
Both number one seeded Andy
Roberts, a former Stanford player
in 1942, and second seeded Ed Har
per, a San Jose State star in 1938,
will not get into action until the
second-round matches begin next
Thursday.
First - round matches of the
School of Education's summer ten
nis tournament got under way yes
terday with two of its top seeded
men drawing byes.
Both number one seeded Andy
Roberts, a former Stanford player
in 1942, and second seeded Ed Har
per, a San Jose State star in 1938,
will not get into action until the
second-round matches begin next
Thursday.
First - round matches of the
School of Education's summer ten
nis tournament got under way yes
terday with two of its top seeded
men drawing byes.
Both number one seeded Andy
Roberts, a former Stanford player
in 1942, and second seeded Ed Har
per, a San Jose State star in 1938,
will not get into action until the
second-round matches begin next
Thursday.
First - round matches of the
School of Education's summer ten
nis tournament got under way yes
terday with two of its top seeded
men drawing byes.
Both number one seeded Andy
Roberts, a former Stanford player
in 1942, and second seeded Ed Har
per, a San Jose State star in 1938,
will not get into action until the
second-round matches begin next
Thursday.
First - round matches of the
School of Education's summer ten
nis tournament got under way yes
terday with two of its top seeded
men drawing byes.
Both number one seeded Andy
Roberts, a former Stanford player
in 1942, and second seeded Ed Har
per, a San Jose State star in 1938,
will not get into action until the
second-round matches begin next
Thursday.
First - round matches of the
School of Education's summer ten
nis tournament got under way yes
terday with two of its top seeded
men drawing byes.
Both number one seeded Andy
Roberts, a former Stanford player
in 1942, and second seeded Ed Har
per, a San Jose State star in 1938,
will not get into action until the
second-round matches begin next
Thursday.
First - round matches of the
School of Education's summer ten
nis tournament got under way yes
terday with two of its top seeded
men drawing byes.
Both number one seeded Andy
Roberts, a former Stanford player
in 1942, and second seeded Ed Har
per, a San Jose State star in 1938,
will not get into action until the
second-round matches begin next
Thursday.
First - round matches of the
School of Education's summer ten
nis tournament got under way yes
terday with two of its top seeded
men drawing byes.
Both number one seeded Andy
Roberts, a former Stanford player
in 1942, and second seeded Ed Har
per, a San Jose State star in 1938,
will not get into action until the
second-round matches begin next
Thursday.
First - round matches of the
School of Education's summer ten
nis tournament got under way yes
terday with two of its top seeded
men drawing byes.
Both number one seeded Andy
Roberts, a former Stanford player
in 1942, and second seeded Ed Har
per, a San Jose State star in 1938,
will not get into action until the
second-round matches begin next
Thursday.
First - round matches of the
School of Education's summer ten
nis tournament got under way yes
terday with two of its top seeded
men drawing byes.
Both number one seeded Andy
Roberts, a former Stanford player
in 1942, and second seeded Ed Har
per, a San Jose State star in 1938,
will not get into action until the
second-round matches begin next
Thursday.
First - round matches of the
School of Education's summer ten
nis tournament got under way yes
terday with two of its top seeded
men drawing byes.
Both number one seeded Andy
Roberts, a former Stanford player
in 1942, and second seeded Ed Har
per, a San Jose State star in 1938,
will not get into action until the
second-round matches begin next
Thursday.
First - round matches of the
School of Education's summer ten
nis tournament got under way yes
terday with two of its top seeded
men drawing byes.
Both number one seeded Andy
Roberts, a former Stanford player
in 1942, and second seeded Ed Har
per, a San Jose State star in 1938,
will not get into action until the
second-round matches begin next
Thursday.
