# MEN'S POOL
## 
### 
Starting this Sunday the men's
pool will be open Sundays from 2
to 5 p.m. for the remainder of the
quarter.
Starting this Sunday the men's
pool will be open Sundays from 2
to 5 p.m. for the remainder of the
quarter.
Starting this Sunday the men's
pool will be open Sundays from 2
to 5 p.m. for the remainder of the
quarter.
Starting this Sunday the men's
pool will be open Sundays from 2
to 5 p.m. for the remainder of the
quarter.
Starting this Sunday the men's
pool will be open Sundays from 2
to 5 p.m. for the remainder of the
quarter.
Starting this Sunday the men's
pool will be open Sundays from 2
to 5 p.m. for the remainder of the
quarter.
Starting this Sunday the men's
pool will be open Sundays from 2
to 5 p.m. for the remainder of the
quarter.
Starting this Sunday the men's
pool will be open Sundays from 2
to 5 p.m. for the remainder of the
quarter.
Starting this Sunday the men's
pool will be open Sundays from 2
to 5 p.m. for the remainder of the
quarter.
Starting this Sunday the men's
pool will be open Sundays from 2
to 5 p.m. for the remainder of the
quarter.
Starting this Sunday the men's
pool will be open Sundays from 2
to 5 p.m. for the remainder of the
quarter.
Starting this Sunday the men's
pool will be open Sundays from 2
to 5 p.m. for the remainder of the
quarter.
Starting this Sunday the men's
pool will be open Sundays from 2
to 5 p.m. for the remainder of the
quarter.
Starting this Sunday the men's
pool will be open Sundays from 2
to 5 p.m. for the remainder of the
quarter.
Starting this Sunday the men's
pool will be open Sundays from 2
to 5 p.m. for the remainder of the
quarter.
