# Zorro Is Backâ€” And Farm Has Him
## 
### 
In line with their policy of the
best for Stanford students, the
Sunday Evening Movie Committee
announced that it's show for this
weekend will be "Shadows Over
Shanghai."
The movie, starting at 7:30 in the
Memorial Auditorium, stars James
Dunn in one of his greatest per
formances.
As an added feature, chapter
eight of "Zorro's Black Whip" will
be shown. Admission is only 20
cents.
In line with their policy of the
best for Stanford students, the
Sunday Evening Movie Committee
announced that it's show for this
weekend will be "Shadows Over
Shanghai."
The movie, starting at 7:30 in the
Memorial Auditorium, stars James
Dunn in one of his greatest per
formances.
As an added feature, chapter
eight of "Zorro's Black Whip" will
be shown. Admission is only 20
cents.
In line with their policy of the
best for Stanford students, the
Sunday Evening Movie Committee
announced that it's show for this
weekend will be "Shadows Over
Shanghai."
The movie, starting at 7:30 in the
Memorial Auditorium, stars James
Dunn in one of his greatest per
formances.
As an added feature, chapter
eight of "Zorro's Black Whip" will
be shown. Admission is only 20
cents.
In line with their policy of the
best for Stanford students, the
Sunday Evening Movie Committee
announced that it's show for this
weekend will be "Shadows Over
Shanghai."
The movie, starting at 7:30 in the
Memorial Auditorium, stars James
Dunn in one of his greatest per
formances.
As an added feature, chapter
eight of "Zorro's Black Whip" will
be shown. Admission is only 20
cents.
In line with their policy of the
best for Stanford students, the
Sunday Evening Movie Committee
announced that it's show for this
weekend will be "Shadows Over
Shanghai."
The movie, starting at 7:30 in the
Memorial Auditorium, stars James
Dunn in one of his greatest per
formances.
As an added feature, chapter
eight of "Zorro's Black Whip" will
be shown. Admission is only 20
cents.
In line with their policy of the
best for Stanford students, the
Sunday Evening Movie Committee
announced that it's show for this
weekend will be "Shadows Over
Shanghai."
The movie, starting at 7:30 in the
Memorial Auditorium, stars James
Dunn in one of his greatest per
formances.
As an added feature, chapter
eight of "Zorro's Black Whip" will
be shown. Admission is only 20
cents.
In line with their policy of the
best for Stanford students, the
Sunday Evening Movie Committee
announced that it's show for this
weekend will be "Shadows Over
Shanghai."
The movie, starting at 7:30 in the
Memorial Auditorium, stars James
Dunn in one of his greatest per
formances.
As an added feature, chapter
eight of "Zorro's Black Whip" will
be shown. Admission is only 20
cents.
In line with their policy of the
best for Stanford students, the
Sunday Evening Movie Committee
announced that it's show for this
weekend will be "Shadows Over
Shanghai."
The movie, starting at 7:30 in the
Memorial Auditorium, stars James
Dunn in one of his greatest per
formances.
As an added feature, chapter
eight of "Zorro's Black Whip" will
be shown. Admission is only 20
cents.
In line with their policy of the
best for Stanford students, the
Sunday Evening Movie Committee
announced that it's show for this
weekend will be "Shadows Over
Shanghai."
The movie, starting at 7:30 in the
Memorial Auditorium, stars James
Dunn in one of his greatest per
formances.
As an added feature, chapter
eight of "Zorro's Black Whip" will
be shown. Admission is only 20
cents.
In line with their policy of the
best for Stanford students, the
Sunday Evening Movie Committee
announced that it's show for this
weekend will be "Shadows Over
Shanghai."
The movie, starting at 7:30 in the
Memorial Auditorium, stars James
Dunn in one of his greatest per
formances.
As an added feature, chapter
eight of "Zorro's Black Whip" will
be shown. Admission is only 20
cents.
In line with their policy of the
best for Stanford students, the
Sunday Evening Movie Committee
announced that it's show for this
weekend will be "Shadows Over
Shanghai."
The movie, starting at 7:30 in the
Memorial Auditorium, stars James
Dunn in one of his greatest per
formances.
As an added feature, chapter
eight of "Zorro's Black Whip" will
be shown. Admission is only 20
cents.
In line with their policy of the
best for Stanford students, the
Sunday Evening Movie Committee
announced that it's show for this
weekend will be "Shadows Over
Shanghai."
The movie, starting at 7:30 in the
Memorial Auditorium, stars James
Dunn in one of his greatest per
formances.
As an added feature, chapter
eight of "Zorro's Black Whip" will
be shown. Admission is only 20
cents.
In line with their policy of the
best for Stanford students, the
Sunday Evening Movie Committee
announced that it's show for this
weekend will be "Shadows Over
Shanghai."
The movie, starting at 7:30 in the
Memorial Auditorium, stars James
Dunn in one of his greatest per
formances.
As an added feature, chapter
eight of "Zorro's Black Whip" will
be shown. Admission is only 20
cents.
In line with their policy of the
best for Stanford students, the
Sunday Evening Movie Committee
announced that it's show for this
weekend will be "Shadows Over
Shanghai."
The movie, starting at 7:30 in the
Memorial Auditorium, stars James
Dunn in one of his greatest per
formances.
As an added feature, chapter
eight of "Zorro's Black Whip" will
be shown. Admission is only 20
cents.
In line with their policy of the
best for Stanford students, the
Sunday Evening Movie Committee
announced that it's show for this
weekend will be "Shadows Over
Shanghai."
The movie, starting at 7:30 in the
Memorial Auditorium, stars James
Dunn in one of his greatest per
formances.
As an added feature, chapter
eight of "Zorro's Black Whip" will
be shown. Admission is only 20
cents.
