# INSIDE NEWS
## Tickets available for Olympic soccer 
### SUZY SHIMEK 
Stanford will get a small piece
of the action of the 1984 Summer
Olympic Games.
A total of nine of the prelimi
nary, quarterfinal and semifinal
Olympic soccer matches will be
held in the Stanford stadium be
tween July 29 and Aug. 8 next
summer.
To obtain tickets for any of the
matches to be held here on
campus, pick up a brochure and
order form from a customer ser

vice desk at any Sears Roebuck
store.
In the event that the Olympic
Committee has received more
ticket requests than it can fill by
Aug. 15 of this year, the Commit
tee will hold a random drawing
to determine ticket allocation.
After Aug. 15, if the soccer
matches here are not sold out,
tickets will be available on a
first-come, first-serve basis.
Tickets prices for the soccer
matches here range form $3 to
$15, dependingon seat location.
Stanford will get a small piece
of the action of the 1984 Summer
Olympic Games.
A total of nine of the prelimi
nary, quarterfinal and semifinal
Olympic soccer matches will be
held in the Stanford stadium be
tween July 29 and Aug. 8 next
summer.
To obtain tickets for any of the
matches to be held here on
campus, pick up a brochure and
order form from a customer ser

vice desk at any Sears Roebuck
store.
In the event that the Olympic
Committee has received more
ticket requests than it can fill by
Aug. 15 of this year, the Commit
tee will hold a random drawing
to determine ticket allocation.
After Aug. 15, if the soccer
matches here are not sold out,
tickets will be available on a
first-come, first-serve basis.
Tickets prices for the soccer
matches here range form $3 to
$15, dependingon seat location.
Stanford will get a small piece
of the action of the 1984 Summer
Olympic Games.
A total of nine of the prelimi
nary, quarterfinal and semifinal
Olympic soccer matches will be
held in the Stanford stadium be
tween July 29 and Aug. 8 next
summer.
To obtain tickets for any of the
matches to be held here on
campus, pick up a brochure and
order form from a customer ser

vice desk at any Sears Roebuck
store.
In the event that the Olympic
Committee has received more
ticket requests than it can fill by
Aug. 15 of this year, the Commit
tee will hold a random drawing
to determine ticket allocation.
After Aug. 15, if the soccer
matches here are not sold out,
tickets will be available on a
first-come, first-serve basis.
Tickets prices for the soccer
matches here range form $3 to
$15, dependingon seat location.
Stanford will get a small piece
of the action of the 1984 Summer
Olympic Games.
A total of nine of the prelimi
nary, quarterfinal and semifinal
Olympic soccer matches will be
held in the Stanford stadium be
tween July 29 and Aug. 8 next
summer.
To obtain tickets for any of the
matches to be held here on
campus, pick up a brochure and
order form from a customer ser

vice desk at any Sears Roebuck
store.
In the event that the Olympic
Committee has received more
ticket requests than it can fill by
Aug. 15 of this year, the Commit
tee will hold a random drawing
to determine ticket allocation.
After Aug. 15, if the soccer
matches here are not sold out,
tickets will be available on a
first-come, first-serve basis.
Tickets prices for the soccer
matches here range form $3 to
$15, dependingon seat location.
Stanford will get a small piece
of the action of the 1984 Summer
Olympic Games.
A total of nine of the prelimi
nary, quarterfinal and semifinal
Olympic soccer matches will be
held in the Stanford stadium be
tween July 29 and Aug. 8 next
summer.
To obtain tickets for any of the
matches to be held here on
campus, pick up a brochure and
order form from a customer ser

vice desk at any Sears Roebuck
store.
In the event that the Olympic
Committee has received more
ticket requests than it can fill by
Aug. 15 of this year, the Commit
tee will hold a random drawing
to determine ticket allocation.
After Aug. 15, if the soccer
matches here are not sold out,
tickets will be available on a
first-come, first-serve basis.
Tickets prices for the soccer
matches here range form $3 to
$15, dependingon seat location.
Stanford will get a small piece
of the action of the 1984 Summer
Olympic Games.
A total of nine of the prelimi
nary, quarterfinal and semifinal
Olympic soccer matches will be
held in the Stanford stadium be
tween July 29 and Aug. 8 next
summer.
To obtain tickets for any of the
matches to be held here on
campus, pick up a brochure and
order form from a customer ser

vice desk at any Sears Roebuck
store.
In the event that the Olympic
Committee has received more
ticket requests than it can fill by
Aug. 15 of this year, the Commit
tee will hold a random drawing
to determine ticket allocation.
After Aug. 15, if the soccer
matches here are not sold out,
tickets will be available on a
first-come, first-serve basis.
Tickets prices for the soccer
matches here range form $3 to
$15, dependingon seat location.
Stanford will get a small piece
of the action of the 1984 Summer
Olympic Games.
A total of nine of the prelimi
nary, quarterfinal and semifinal
Olympic soccer matches will be
held in the Stanford stadium be
tween July 29 and Aug. 8 next
summer.
To obtain tickets for any of the
matches to be held here on
campus, pick up a brochure and
order form from a customer ser

vice desk at any Sears Roebuck
store.
In the event that the Olympic
Committee has received more
ticket requests than it can fill by
Aug. 15 of this year, the Commit
tee will hold a random drawing
to determine ticket allocation.
After Aug. 15, if the soccer
matches here are not sold out,
tickets will be available on a
first-come, first-serve basis.
Tickets prices for the soccer
matches here range form $3 to
$15, dependingon seat location.
