# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
We have a complete
stock of
Stanford belts
'20 hat bands
and '23 fobs
J. B. Stetson Sombreros
coming soon
New Kuppenheimer Clothes
arriving daily
Wideman & Son
THE KUPPENHEIMER HOUSE
—in—
PALO ALTO
We have a complete
stock of
Stanford belts
'20 hat bands
and '23 fobs
J. B. Stetson Sombreros
coming soon
New Kuppenheimer Clothes
arriving daily
Wideman & Son
THE KUPPENHEIMER HOUSE
—in—
PALO ALTO
We have a complete
stock of
Stanford belts
'20 hat bands
and '23 fobs
J. B. Stetson Sombreros
coming soon
New Kuppenheimer Clothes
arriving daily
Wideman & Son
THE KUPPENHEIMER HOUSE
—in—
PALO ALTO
We have a complete
stock of
Stanford belts
'20 hat bands
and '23 fobs
J. B. Stetson Sombreros
coming soon
New Kuppenheimer Clothes
arriving daily
Wideman & Son
THE KUPPENHEIMER HOUSE
—in—
PALO ALTO
We have a complete
stock of
Stanford belts
'20 hat bands
and '23 fobs
J. B. Stetson Sombreros
coming soon
New Kuppenheimer Clothes
arriving daily
Wideman & Son
THE KUPPENHEIMER HOUSE
—in—
PALO ALTO
We have a complete
stock of
Stanford belts
'20 hat bands
and '23 fobs
J. B. Stetson Sombreros
coming soon
New Kuppenheimer Clothes
arriving daily
Wideman & Son
THE KUPPENHEIMER HOUSE
—in—
PALO ALTO
We have a complete
stock of
Stanford belts
'20 hat bands
and '23 fobs
J. B. Stetson Sombreros
coming soon
New Kuppenheimer Clothes
arriving daily
Wideman & Son
THE KUPPENHEIMER HOUSE
—in—
PALO ALTO
We have a complete
stock of
Stanford belts
'20 hat bands
and '23 fobs
J. B. Stetson Sombreros
coming soon
New Kuppenheimer Clothes
arriving daily
Wideman & Son
THE KUPPENHEIMER HOUSE
—in—
PALO ALTO
We have a complete
stock of
Stanford belts
'20 hat bands
and '23 fobs
J. B. Stetson Sombreros
coming soon
New Kuppenheimer Clothes
arriving daily
Wideman & Son
THE KUPPENHEIMER HOUSE
—in—
PALO ALTO
We have a complete
stock of
Stanford belts
'20 hat bands
and '23 fobs
J. B. Stetson Sombreros
coming soon
New Kuppenheimer Clothes
arriving daily
Wideman & Son
THE KUPPENHEIMER HOUSE
—in—
PALO ALTO
We have a complete
stock of
Stanford belts
'20 hat bands
and '23 fobs
J. B. Stetson Sombreros
coming soon
New Kuppenheimer Clothes
arriving daily
Wideman & Son
THE KUPPENHEIMER HOUSE
—in—
PALO ALTO
We have a complete
stock of
Stanford belts
'20 hat bands
and '23 fobs
J. B. Stetson Sombreros
coming soon
New Kuppenheimer Clothes
arriving daily
Wideman & Son
THE KUPPENHEIMER HOUSE
—in—
PALO ALTO
We have a complete
stock of
Stanford belts
'20 hat bands
and '23 fobs
J. B. Stetson Sombreros
coming soon
New Kuppenheimer Clothes
arriving daily
Wideman & Son
THE KUPPENHEIMER HOUSE
—in—
PALO ALTO
We have a complete
stock of
Stanford belts
'20 hat bands
and '23 fobs
J. B. Stetson Sombreros
coming soon
New Kuppenheimer Clothes
arriving daily
Wideman & Son
THE KUPPENHEIMER HOUSE
—in—
PALO ALTO
We have a complete
stock of
Stanford belts
'20 hat bands
and '23 fobs
J. B. Stetson Sombreros
coming soon
New Kuppenheimer Clothes
arriving daily
Wideman & Son
THE KUPPENHEIMER HOUSE
—in—
PALO ALTO
We have a complete
stock of
Stanford belts
'20 hat bands
and '23 fobs
J. B. Stetson Sombreros
coming soon
New Kuppenheimer Clothes
arriving daily
Wideman & Son
THE KUPPENHEIMER HOUSE
—in—
PALO ALTO
