# DR. JORDAN TELLS NEW STUDENTS OF FOUNDERS' IDEALS
## 
### 
"Stanford's Grand Old Man" was the
term given Dr. Jordan by Chaplain Gard
ner as lie led the cheers for the Chan
cellor at the conclusion of his speech be
fore the freshman last night in the Lit
tle 1 heatre. Dr. Jordan's lecture, "The
founders' Ideals and History of Stan
ford," was the initial talk on the "Y's"
new course, "Stanford Standards," ar
ranger! to aid the first-year men in ad
justing themselves to Stanford customs
during their freshman days. Though an
nounced to speak in the Assembly Hall,
Dr. Jordan requested that the Little The
atre be used, as lie had welcomed fresh
men there for twenty-five cossecutive
years.
An intimate insight into Stanford's his
tory was given the first-year men as Dr.
Jordan re'ated stories of the early days
of the University. The first days on the
"harm.' when the ori'inal fifteen profes
sors led a small student body in the par
tially completed quad, were sketched.
Secretary Morgan of the Y. M. C. A.
announced the plans concerning the new
course The next number will be a per
sonally conducted tour and explanation
of the Memorial Church by Chaplain
Gardner. A large number of men at
the conc'usion of the meeting signed up
membership cards for the classes in
"Stanford Standards."
