# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
The
GRANT
A Three-Button
Suit
Good taste —grace of line
and perfect style as ex
pressed by the Grant give
the impression of un
studied smartness.
Ready for Wear
or
Toilored to Measure
The
University
lounge
304 Shrn'e Bldg.
San Francisco
The
GRANT
A Three-Button
Suit
Good taste —grace of line
and perfect style as ex
pressed by the Grant give
the impression of un
studied smartness.
Ready for Wear
or
Toilored to Measure
The
University
lounge
304 Shrn'e Bldg.
San Francisco
The
GRANT
A Three-Button
Suit
Good taste —grace of line
and perfect style as ex
pressed by the Grant give
the impression of un
studied smartness.
Ready for Wear
or
Toilored to Measure
The
University
lounge
304 Shrn'e Bldg.
San Francisco
The
GRANT
A Three-Button
Suit
Good taste —grace of line
and perfect style as ex
pressed by the Grant give
the impression of un
studied smartness.
Ready for Wear
or
Toilored to Measure
The
University
lounge
304 Shrn'e Bldg.
San Francisco
The
GRANT
A Three-Button
Suit
Good taste —grace of line
and perfect style as ex
pressed by the Grant give
the impression of un
studied smartness.
Ready for Wear
or
Toilored to Measure
The
University
lounge
304 Shrn'e Bldg.
San Francisco
The
GRANT
A Three-Button
Suit
Good taste —grace of line
and perfect style as ex
pressed by the Grant give
the impression of un
studied smartness.
Ready for Wear
or
Toilored to Measure
The
University
lounge
304 Shrn'e Bldg.
San Francisco
The
GRANT
A Three-Button
Suit
Good taste —grace of line
and perfect style as ex
pressed by the Grant give
the impression of un
studied smartness.
Ready for Wear
or
Toilored to Measure
The
University
lounge
304 Shrn'e Bldg.
San Francisco
The
GRANT
A Three-Button
Suit
Good taste —grace of line
and perfect style as ex
pressed by the Grant give
the impression of un
studied smartness.
Ready for Wear
or
Toilored to Measure
The
University
lounge
304 Shrn'e Bldg.
San Francisco
The
GRANT
A Three-Button
Suit
Good taste —grace of line
and perfect style as ex
pressed by the Grant give
the impression of un
studied smartness.
Ready for Wear
or
Toilored to Measure
The
University
lounge
304 Shrn'e Bldg.
San Francisco
The
GRANT
A Three-Button
Suit
Good taste —grace of line
and perfect style as ex
pressed by the Grant give
the impression of un
studied smartness.
Ready for Wear
or
Toilored to Measure
The
University
lounge
304 Shrn'e Bldg.
San Francisco
The
GRANT
A Three-Button
Suit
Good taste —grace of line
and perfect style as ex
pressed by the Grant give
the impression of un
studied smartness.
Ready for Wear
or
Toilored to Measure
The
University
lounge
304 Shrn'e Bldg.
San Francisco
The
GRANT
A Three-Button
Suit
Good taste —grace of line
and perfect style as ex
pressed by the Grant give
the impression of un
studied smartness.
Ready for Wear
or
Toilored to Measure
The
University
lounge
304 Shrn'e Bldg.
San Francisco
The
GRANT
A Three-Button
Suit
Good taste —grace of line
and perfect style as ex
pressed by the Grant give
the impression of un
studied smartness.
Ready for Wear
or
Toilored to Measure
The
University
lounge
304 Shrn'e Bldg.
San Francisco
The
GRANT
A Three-Button
Suit
Good taste —grace of line
and perfect style as ex
pressed by the Grant give
the impression of un
studied smartness.
Ready for Wear
or
Toilored to Measure
The
University
lounge
304 Shrn'e Bldg.
San Francisco
The
GRANT
A Three-Button
Suit
Good taste —grace of line
and perfect style as ex
pressed by the Grant give
the impression of un
studied smartness.
Ready for Wear
or
Toilored to Measure
The
University
lounge
304 Shrn'e Bldg.
San Francisco
The
GRANT
A Three-Button
Suit
Good taste —grace of line
and perfect style as ex
pressed by the Grant give
the impression of un
studied smartness.
Ready for Wear
or
Toilored to Measure
The
University
lounge
304 Shrn'e Bldg.
San Francisco
