# STANFORD ROUGH TO GET JUST DUES AT JUNIOR PROMENADE
## 
### 
The poor, lonely, proverbially
bedraggled Stanford rough will
be boosted from his position to
night, when the Court of Louis
XIV opens its doors to his pres
ence.
All of which means that at
10:30 o'clock tonight, all the
doors of the Pavilion, except
those on the north, east, and
west sides, will be thrown open
to the hordes of roughs without.
The high ministers of state,
says Paul Herbold, Prom chair
man, have arranged to keep the
entire south side of the salon
reserved for the roughs. At
about 12:30 o'clock, a grand
parade is planned around the
outside of the Pavilion to the
north side, where refreshments
—what there are of them —are
handed out to the multitude.
