# CHRISTIE WILL TAKE SQUAD OF 6 EAST TO MEET AT CAMBRIDGE
## 
### 
BERKELEY, May 10— (P.1.P.) —
University of California track men
will go back into training today in
preparation for their coming invasion
of the East, announced Coach Walt
Christie.
Christie will take a squad of six
Bears to the 1.C.-4A. meet at Cam
bridge. As final examinations do not
permit of full training until Tuesday,
it is doubtful if any California ath
letes included on the Eastern trip will
be entered in the Olympic trials at
Palo Alto tomorrow.
The veteran of twenty-eight sea
sons at Berkeley will try out a new
system on the trip this year in an
effort to keep his men from losing
condition. One-day stops en route will
be made at Salt Lake, Denver, and
Albany where the athletes will be
given an opportunity to take extended
workouts. The party will arrive in
Cambridge the day before the meet.
BERKELEY, May 10— (P.1.P.) —
University of California track men
will go back into training today in
preparation for their coming invasion
of the East, announced Coach Walt
Christie.
Christie will take a squad of six
Bears to the 1.C.-4A. meet at Cam
bridge. As final examinations do not
permit of full training until Tuesday,
it is doubtful if any California ath
letes included on the Eastern trip will
be entered in the Olympic trials at
Palo Alto tomorrow.
The veteran of twenty-eight sea
sons at Berkeley will try out a new
system on the trip this year in an
effort to keep his men from losing
condition. One-day stops en route will
be made at Salt Lake, Denver, and
Albany where the athletes will be
given an opportunity to take extended
workouts. The party will arrive in
Cambridge the day before the meet.
BERKELEY, May 10— (P.1.P.) —
University of California track men
will go back into training today in
preparation for their coming invasion
of the East, announced Coach Walt
Christie.
Christie will take a squad of six
Bears to the 1.C.-4A. meet at Cam
bridge. As final examinations do not
permit of full training until Tuesday,
it is doubtful if any California ath
letes included on the Eastern trip will
be entered in the Olympic trials at
Palo Alto tomorrow.
The veteran of twenty-eight sea
sons at Berkeley will try out a new
system on the trip this year in an
effort to keep his men from losing
condition. One-day stops en route will
be made at Salt Lake, Denver, and
Albany where the athletes will be
given an opportunity to take extended
workouts. The party will arrive in
Cambridge the day before the meet.
BERKELEY, May 10— (P.1.P.) —
University of California track men
will go back into training today in
preparation for their coming invasion
of the East, announced Coach Walt
Christie.
Christie will take a squad of six
Bears to the 1.C.-4A. meet at Cam
bridge. As final examinations do not
permit of full training until Tuesday,
it is doubtful if any California ath
letes included on the Eastern trip will
be entered in the Olympic trials at
Palo Alto tomorrow.
The veteran of twenty-eight sea
sons at Berkeley will try out a new
system on the trip this year in an
effort to keep his men from losing
condition. One-day stops en route will
be made at Salt Lake, Denver, and
Albany where the athletes will be
given an opportunity to take extended
workouts. The party will arrive in
Cambridge the day before the meet.
BERKELEY, May 10— (P.1.P.) —
University of California track men
will go back into training today in
preparation for their coming invasion
of the East, announced Coach Walt
Christie.
Christie will take a squad of six
Bears to the 1.C.-4A. meet at Cam
bridge. As final examinations do not
permit of full training until Tuesday,
it is doubtful if any California ath
letes included on the Eastern trip will
be entered in the Olympic trials at
Palo Alto tomorrow.
The veteran of twenty-eight sea
sons at Berkeley will try out a new
system on the trip this year in an
effort to keep his men from losing
condition. One-day stops en route will
be made at Salt Lake, Denver, and
Albany where the athletes will be
given an opportunity to take extended
workouts. The party will arrive in
Cambridge the day before the meet.
BERKELEY, May 10— (P.1.P.) —
University of California track men
will go back into training today in
preparation for their coming invasion
of the East, announced Coach Walt
Christie.
Christie will take a squad of six
Bears to the 1.C.-4A. meet at Cam
bridge. As final examinations do not
permit of full training until Tuesday,
it is doubtful if any California ath
letes included on the Eastern trip will
be entered in the Olympic trials at
Palo Alto tomorrow.
The veteran of twenty-eight sea
sons at Berkeley will try out a new
system on the trip this year in an
effort to keep his men from losing
condition. One-day stops en route will
be made at Salt Lake, Denver, and
Albany where the athletes will be
given an opportunity to take extended
workouts. The party will arrive in
Cambridge the day before the meet.
BERKELEY, May 10— (P.1.P.) —
University of California track men
will go back into training today in
preparation for their coming invasion
of the East, announced Coach Walt
Christie.
Christie will take a squad of six
Bears to the 1.C.-4A. meet at Cam
bridge. As final examinations do not
permit of full training until Tuesday,
it is doubtful if any California ath
letes included on the Eastern trip will
be entered in the Olympic trials at
Palo Alto tomorrow.
The veteran of twenty-eight sea
sons at Berkeley will try out a new
system on the trip this year in an
effort to keep his men from losing
condition. One-day stops en route will
be made at Salt Lake, Denver, and
Albany where the athletes will be
given an opportunity to take extended
workouts. The party will arrive in
Cambridge the day before the meet.
BERKELEY, May 10— (P.1.P.) —
University of California track men
will go back into training today in
preparation for their coming invasion
of the East, announced Coach Walt
Christie.
Christie will take a squad of six
Bears to the 1.C.-4A. meet at Cam
bridge. As final examinations do not
permit of full training until Tuesday,
it is doubtful if any California ath
letes included on the Eastern trip will
be entered in the Olympic trials at
Palo Alto tomorrow.
The veteran of twenty-eight sea
sons at Berkeley will try out a new
system on the trip this year in an
effort to keep his men from losing
condition. One-day stops en route will
be made at Salt Lake, Denver, and
Albany where the athletes will be
given an opportunity to take extended
workouts. The party will arrive in
Cambridge the day before the meet.
BERKELEY, May 10— (P.1.P.) —
University of California track men
will go back into training today in
preparation for their coming invasion
of the East, announced Coach Walt
Christie.
Christie will take a squad of six
Bears to the 1.C.-4A. meet at Cam
bridge. As final examinations do not
permit of full training until Tuesday,
it is doubtful if any California ath
letes included on the Eastern trip will
be entered in the Olympic trials at
Palo Alto tomorrow.
The veteran of twenty-eight sea
sons at Berkeley will try out a new
system on the trip this year in an
effort to keep his men from losing
condition. One-day stops en route will
be made at Salt Lake, Denver, and
Albany where the athletes will be
given an opportunity to take extended
workouts. The party will arrive in
Cambridge the day before the meet.
BERKELEY, May 10— (P.1.P.) —
University of California track men
will go back into training today in
preparation for their coming invasion
of the East, announced Coach Walt
Christie.
Christie will take a squad of six
Bears to the 1.C.-4A. meet at Cam
bridge. As final examinations do not
permit of full training until Tuesday,
it is doubtful if any California ath
letes included on the Eastern trip will
be entered in the Olympic trials at
Palo Alto tomorrow.
The veteran of twenty-eight sea
sons at Berkeley will try out a new
system on the trip this year in an
effort to keep his men from losing
condition. One-day stops en route will
be made at Salt Lake, Denver, and
Albany where the athletes will be
given an opportunity to take extended
workouts. The party will arrive in
Cambridge the day before the meet.
BERKELEY, May 10— (P.1.P.) —
University of California track men
will go back into training today in
preparation for their coming invasion
of the East, announced Coach Walt
Christie.
Christie will take a squad of six
Bears to the 1.C.-4A. meet at Cam
bridge. As final examinations do not
permit of full training until Tuesday,
it is doubtful if any California ath
letes included on the Eastern trip will
be entered in the Olympic trials at
Palo Alto tomorrow.
The veteran of twenty-eight sea
sons at Berkeley will try out a new
system on the trip this year in an
effort to keep his men from losing
condition. One-day stops en route will
be made at Salt Lake, Denver, and
Albany where the athletes will be
given an opportunity to take extended
workouts. The party will arrive in
Cambridge the day before the meet.
BERKELEY, May 10— (P.1.P.) —
University of California track men
will go back into training today in
preparation for their coming invasion
of the East, announced Coach Walt
Christie.
Christie will take a squad of six
Bears to the 1.C.-4A. meet at Cam
bridge. As final examinations do not
permit of full training until Tuesday,
it is doubtful if any California ath
letes included on the Eastern trip will
be entered in the Olympic trials at
Palo Alto tomorrow.
The veteran of twenty-eight sea
sons at Berkeley will try out a new
system on the trip this year in an
effort to keep his men from losing
condition. One-day stops en route will
be made at Salt Lake, Denver, and
Albany where the athletes will be
given an opportunity to take extended
workouts. The party will arrive in
Cambridge the day before the meet.
BERKELEY, May 10— (P.1.P.) —
University of California track men
will go back into training today in
preparation for their coming invasion
of the East, announced Coach Walt
Christie.
Christie will take a squad of six
Bears to the 1.C.-4A. meet at Cam
bridge. As final examinations do not
permit of full training until Tuesday,
it is doubtful if any California ath
letes included on the Eastern trip will
be entered in the Olympic trials at
Palo Alto tomorrow.
The veteran of twenty-eight sea
sons at Berkeley will try out a new
system on the trip this year in an
effort to keep his men from losing
condition. One-day stops en route will
be made at Salt Lake, Denver, and
Albany where the athletes will be
given an opportunity to take extended
workouts. The party will arrive in
Cambridge the day before the meet.
BERKELEY, May 10— (P.1.P.) —
University of California track men
will go back into training today in
preparation for their coming invasion
of the East, announced Coach Walt
Christie.
Christie will take a squad of six
Bears to the 1.C.-4A. meet at Cam
bridge. As final examinations do not
permit of full training until Tuesday,
it is doubtful if any California ath
letes included on the Eastern trip will
be entered in the Olympic trials at
Palo Alto tomorrow.
The veteran of twenty-eight sea
sons at Berkeley will try out a new
system on the trip this year in an
effort to keep his men from losing
condition. One-day stops en route will
be made at Salt Lake, Denver, and
Albany where the athletes will be
given an opportunity to take extended
workouts. The party will arrive in
Cambridge the day before the meet.
BERKELEY, May 10— (P.1.P.) —
University of California track men
will go back into training today in
preparation for their coming invasion
of the East, announced Coach Walt
Christie.
Christie will take a squad of six
Bears to the 1.C.-4A. meet at Cam
bridge. As final examinations do not
permit of full training until Tuesday,
it is doubtful if any California ath
letes included on the Eastern trip will
be entered in the Olympic trials at
Palo Alto tomorrow.
The veteran of twenty-eight sea
sons at Berkeley will try out a new
system on the trip this year in an
effort to keep his men from losing
condition. One-day stops en route will
be made at Salt Lake, Denver, and
Albany where the athletes will be
given an opportunity to take extended
workouts. The party will arrive in
Cambridge the day before the meet.
BERKELEY, May 10— (P.1.P.) —
University of California track men
will go back into training today in
preparation for their coming invasion
of the East, announced Coach Walt
Christie.
Christie will take a squad of six
Bears to the 1.C.-4A. meet at Cam
bridge. As final examinations do not
permit of full training until Tuesday,
it is doubtful if any California ath
letes included on the Eastern trip will
be entered in the Olympic trials at
Palo Alto tomorrow.
The veteran of twenty-eight sea
sons at Berkeley will try out a new
system on the trip this year in an
effort to keep his men from losing
condition. One-day stops en route will
be made at Salt Lake, Denver, and
Albany where the athletes will be
given an opportunity to take extended
workouts. The party will arrive in
Cambridge the day before the meet.
