# BOYS KAYOES BOBO
## 
### 
PITTSBURGH, Pa., April 8 (UP).
—Wild Bill Boyd, IS&V2, Seattle,
gained a technical knockout over
Harry Bobo, 207%, Pittsburgh, when
Bobo revealed he had a broken left
hand at the end of the sixth round
of their scheduled 10-round bout.
PITTSBURGH, Pa., April 8 (UP).
—Wild Bill Boyd, IS&V2, Seattle,
gained a technical knockout over
Harry Bobo, 207%, Pittsburgh, when
Bobo revealed he had a broken left
hand at the end of the sixth round
of their scheduled 10-round bout.
PITTSBURGH, Pa., April 8 (UP).
—Wild Bill Boyd, IS&V2, Seattle,
gained a technical knockout over
Harry Bobo, 207%, Pittsburgh, when
Bobo revealed he had a broken left
hand at the end of the sixth round
of their scheduled 10-round bout.
PITTSBURGH, Pa., April 8 (UP).
—Wild Bill Boyd, IS&V2, Seattle,
gained a technical knockout over
Harry Bobo, 207%, Pittsburgh, when
Bobo revealed he had a broken left
hand at the end of the sixth round
of their scheduled 10-round bout.
PITTSBURGH, Pa., April 8 (UP).
—Wild Bill Boyd, IS&V2, Seattle,
gained a technical knockout over
Harry Bobo, 207%, Pittsburgh, when
Bobo revealed he had a broken left
hand at the end of the sixth round
of their scheduled 10-round bout.
PITTSBURGH, Pa., April 8 (UP).
—Wild Bill Boyd, IS&V2, Seattle,
gained a technical knockout over
Harry Bobo, 207%, Pittsburgh, when
Bobo revealed he had a broken left
hand at the end of the sixth round
of their scheduled 10-round bout.
PITTSBURGH, Pa., April 8 (UP).
—Wild Bill Boyd, IS&V2, Seattle,
gained a technical knockout over
Harry Bobo, 207%, Pittsburgh, when
Bobo revealed he had a broken left
hand at the end of the sixth round
of their scheduled 10-round bout.
PITTSBURGH, Pa., April 8 (UP).
—Wild Bill Boyd, IS&V2, Seattle,
gained a technical knockout over
Harry Bobo, 207%, Pittsburgh, when
Bobo revealed he had a broken left
hand at the end of the sixth round
of their scheduled 10-round bout.
PITTSBURGH, Pa., April 8 (UP).
—Wild Bill Boyd, IS&V2, Seattle,
gained a technical knockout over
Harry Bobo, 207%, Pittsburgh, when
Bobo revealed he had a broken left
hand at the end of the sixth round
of their scheduled 10-round bout.
PITTSBURGH, Pa., April 8 (UP).
—Wild Bill Boyd, IS&V2, Seattle,
gained a technical knockout over
Harry Bobo, 207%, Pittsburgh, when
Bobo revealed he had a broken left
hand at the end of the sixth round
of their scheduled 10-round bout.
PITTSBURGH, Pa., April 8 (UP).
—Wild Bill Boyd, IS&V2, Seattle,
gained a technical knockout over
Harry Bobo, 207%, Pittsburgh, when
Bobo revealed he had a broken left
hand at the end of the sixth round
of their scheduled 10-round bout.
PITTSBURGH, Pa., April 8 (UP).
—Wild Bill Boyd, IS&V2, Seattle,
gained a technical knockout over
Harry Bobo, 207%, Pittsburgh, when
Bobo revealed he had a broken left
hand at the end of the sixth round
of their scheduled 10-round bout.
PITTSBURGH, Pa., April 8 (UP).
—Wild Bill Boyd, IS&V2, Seattle,
gained a technical knockout over
Harry Bobo, 207%, Pittsburgh, when
Bobo revealed he had a broken left
hand at the end of the sixth round
of their scheduled 10-round bout.
PITTSBURGH, Pa., April 8 (UP).
—Wild Bill Boyd, IS&V2, Seattle,
gained a technical knockout over
Harry Bobo, 207%, Pittsburgh, when
Bobo revealed he had a broken left
hand at the end of the sixth round
of their scheduled 10-round bout.
PITTSBURGH, Pa., April 8 (UP).
—Wild Bill Boyd, IS&V2, Seattle,
gained a technical knockout over
Harry Bobo, 207%, Pittsburgh, when
Bobo revealed he had a broken left
hand at the end of the sixth round
of their scheduled 10-round bout.
PITTSBURGH, Pa., April 8 (UP).
—Wild Bill Boyd, IS&V2, Seattle,
gained a technical knockout over
Harry Bobo, 207%, Pittsburgh, when
Bobo revealed he had a broken left
hand at the end of the sixth round
of their scheduled 10-round bout.
PITTSBURGH, Pa., April 8 (UP).
—Wild Bill Boyd, IS&V2, Seattle,
gained a technical knockout over
Harry Bobo, 207%, Pittsburgh, when
Bobo revealed he had a broken left
hand at the end of the sixth round
of their scheduled 10-round bout.
