# Gridders Hold Condition Drill
## 
### 
Stanford's gridders will take their
second workout under Coach Clark
Shaughnessy and his six assistants
this afternoon at 3:45 o'clock on the
frosh field.
The session will be devoted to
conditioning and running through
the plays that the squad learned in
blackboard drill yesterday. Shorts
will again be the grid costume; the
team won't don moleskins until Fri
day at least.
Marchy Schwartz and Bernie Mas
terson, backfield coaches, Jim Law
son, end coach, Phil Bengtson and
Harry Shipkey, line coaches, and
Husky Hunt, who is to coach to
Grays, will all be on hand to help
Coach Shaughnessy send the Indians
through their paces.
Another drill will be held tomor
row, with a chalk talk slated for
Thursday. By Friday the squad
should be in shape to start bearing
down, according to Coach Shaugh
nessy.
