# A.A.U. Ring Meet Sees First Kayo
## 
### 
BOSTON, April 8 (UP). — The
little fellows held the spotlight to
day as the National A.A.U. boxing
championships opened with the
elimination bouts in the low eight
classes.
The first knockout of the tourna
ment came when Lucas Pasion of
Honolulu, T.H., knocked out Richard
Barker, Baltimore in the first
round.
Results included: 112-pound class:
Vic Sargent, Chinook, Mont., deci
sioned Aubrey Holerfield, Little
Rock. Ark. 118-pound class: Nick
Deposta, Stockton, Calif., decisioned
Andrew Trozzi, Stoneham, Mass.
136-pound class: Emmet Murphy,
Great Falls, Mont., decisioned Herb
Gamardella, Norfolk, Va. 135-pound
class: Stanley Stockins, Chicago,
kayoed Vearl Sherman, Great Falls,
Mont. (1); Tommy Moyer, Portland,
Me., decisioned Mario Centi, Kearny,
N.J.; Dale Maloney, Seattle, deci
sioned Carroll Neece, Ocean View,
Va.
BOSTON, April 8 (UP). — The
little fellows held the spotlight to
day as the National A.A.U. boxing
championships opened with the
elimination bouts in the low eight
classes.
The first knockout of the tourna
ment came when Lucas Pasion of
Honolulu, T.H., knocked out Richard
Barker, Baltimore in the first
round.
Results included: 112-pound class:
Vic Sargent, Chinook, Mont., deci
sioned Aubrey Holerfield, Little
Rock. Ark. 118-pound class: Nick
Deposta, Stockton, Calif., decisioned
Andrew Trozzi, Stoneham, Mass.
136-pound class: Emmet Murphy,
Great Falls, Mont., decisioned Herb
Gamardella, Norfolk, Va. 135-pound
class: Stanley Stockins, Chicago,
kayoed Vearl Sherman, Great Falls,
Mont. (1); Tommy Moyer, Portland,
Me., decisioned Mario Centi, Kearny,
N.J.; Dale Maloney, Seattle, deci
sioned Carroll Neece, Ocean View,
Va.
BOSTON, April 8 (UP). — The
little fellows held the spotlight to
day as the National A.A.U. boxing
championships opened with the
elimination bouts in the low eight
classes.
The first knockout of the tourna
ment came when Lucas Pasion of
Honolulu, T.H., knocked out Richard
Barker, Baltimore in the first
round.
Results included: 112-pound class:
Vic Sargent, Chinook, Mont., deci
sioned Aubrey Holerfield, Little
Rock. Ark. 118-pound class: Nick
Deposta, Stockton, Calif., decisioned
Andrew Trozzi, Stoneham, Mass.
136-pound class: Emmet Murphy,
Great Falls, Mont., decisioned Herb
Gamardella, Norfolk, Va. 135-pound
class: Stanley Stockins, Chicago,
kayoed Vearl Sherman, Great Falls,
Mont. (1); Tommy Moyer, Portland,
Me., decisioned Mario Centi, Kearny,
N.J.; Dale Maloney, Seattle, deci
sioned Carroll Neece, Ocean View,
Va.
BOSTON, April 8 (UP). — The
little fellows held the spotlight to
day as the National A.A.U. boxing
championships opened with the
elimination bouts in the low eight
classes.
The first knockout of the tourna
ment came when Lucas Pasion of
Honolulu, T.H., knocked out Richard
Barker, Baltimore in the first
round.
Results included: 112-pound class:
Vic Sargent, Chinook, Mont., deci
sioned Aubrey Holerfield, Little
Rock. Ark. 118-pound class: Nick
Deposta, Stockton, Calif., decisioned
Andrew Trozzi, Stoneham, Mass.
136-pound class: Emmet Murphy,
Great Falls, Mont., decisioned Herb
Gamardella, Norfolk, Va. 135-pound
class: Stanley Stockins, Chicago,
kayoed Vearl Sherman, Great Falls,
Mont. (1); Tommy Moyer, Portland,
Me., decisioned Mario Centi, Kearny,
N.J.; Dale Maloney, Seattle, deci
sioned Carroll Neece, Ocean View,
Va.
BOSTON, April 8 (UP). — The
little fellows held the spotlight to
day as the National A.A.U. boxing
championships opened with the
elimination bouts in the low eight
classes.
The first knockout of the tourna
ment came when Lucas Pasion of
Honolulu, T.H., knocked out Richard
Barker, Baltimore in the first
round.
Results included: 112-pound class:
Vic Sargent, Chinook, Mont., deci
sioned Aubrey Holerfield, Little
Rock. Ark. 118-pound class: Nick
Deposta, Stockton, Calif., decisioned
Andrew Trozzi, Stoneham, Mass.
136-pound class: Emmet Murphy,
Great Falls, Mont., decisioned Herb
Gamardella, Norfolk, Va. 135-pound
class: Stanley Stockins, Chicago,
kayoed Vearl Sherman, Great Falls,
Mont. (1); Tommy Moyer, Portland,
Me., decisioned Mario Centi, Kearny,
N.J.; Dale Maloney, Seattle, deci
sioned Carroll Neece, Ocean View,
Va.
BOSTON, April 8 (UP). — The
little fellows held the spotlight to
day as the National A.A.U. boxing
championships opened with the
elimination bouts in the low eight
classes.
The first knockout of the tourna
ment came when Lucas Pasion of
Honolulu, T.H., knocked out Richard
Barker, Baltimore in the first
round.
Results included: 112-pound class:
Vic Sargent, Chinook, Mont., deci
sioned Aubrey Holerfield, Little
Rock. Ark. 118-pound class: Nick
Deposta, Stockton, Calif., decisioned
Andrew Trozzi, Stoneham, Mass.
136-pound class: Emmet Murphy,
Great Falls, Mont., decisioned Herb
Gamardella, Norfolk, Va. 135-pound
class: Stanley Stockins, Chicago,
kayoed Vearl Sherman, Great Falls,
Mont. (1); Tommy Moyer, Portland,
Me., decisioned Mario Centi, Kearny,
N.J.; Dale Maloney, Seattle, deci
sioned Carroll Neece, Ocean View,
Va.
BOSTON, April 8 (UP). — The
little fellows held the spotlight to
day as the National A.A.U. boxing
championships opened with the
elimination bouts in the low eight
classes.
The first knockout of the tourna
ment came when Lucas Pasion of
Honolulu, T.H., knocked out Richard
Barker, Baltimore in the first
round.
Results included: 112-pound class:
Vic Sargent, Chinook, Mont., deci
sioned Aubrey Holerfield, Little
Rock. Ark. 118-pound class: Nick
Deposta, Stockton, Calif., decisioned
Andrew Trozzi, Stoneham, Mass.
136-pound class: Emmet Murphy,
Great Falls, Mont., decisioned Herb
Gamardella, Norfolk, Va. 135-pound
class: Stanley Stockins, Chicago,
kayoed Vearl Sherman, Great Falls,
Mont. (1); Tommy Moyer, Portland,
Me., decisioned Mario Centi, Kearny,
N.J.; Dale Maloney, Seattle, deci
sioned Carroll Neece, Ocean View,
Va.
BOSTON, April 8 (UP). — The
little fellows held the spotlight to
day as the National A.A.U. boxing
championships opened with the
elimination bouts in the low eight
classes.
The first knockout of the tourna
ment came when Lucas Pasion of
Honolulu, T.H., knocked out Richard
Barker, Baltimore in the first
round.
Results included: 112-pound class:
Vic Sargent, Chinook, Mont., deci
sioned Aubrey Holerfield, Little
Rock. Ark. 118-pound class: Nick
Deposta, Stockton, Calif., decisioned
Andrew Trozzi, Stoneham, Mass.
136-pound class: Emmet Murphy,
Great Falls, Mont., decisioned Herb
Gamardella, Norfolk, Va. 135-pound
class: Stanley Stockins, Chicago,
kayoed Vearl Sherman, Great Falls,
Mont. (1); Tommy Moyer, Portland,
Me., decisioned Mario Centi, Kearny,
N.J.; Dale Maloney, Seattle, deci
sioned Carroll Neece, Ocean View,
Va.
BOSTON, April 8 (UP). — The
little fellows held the spotlight to
day as the National A.A.U. boxing
championships opened with the
elimination bouts in the low eight
classes.
The first knockout of the tourna
ment came when Lucas Pasion of
Honolulu, T.H., knocked out Richard
Barker, Baltimore in the first
round.
Results included: 112-pound class:
Vic Sargent, Chinook, Mont., deci
sioned Aubrey Holerfield, Little
Rock. Ark. 118-pound class: Nick
Deposta, Stockton, Calif., decisioned
Andrew Trozzi, Stoneham, Mass.
136-pound class: Emmet Murphy,
Great Falls, Mont., decisioned Herb
Gamardella, Norfolk, Va. 135-pound
class: Stanley Stockins, Chicago,
kayoed Vearl Sherman, Great Falls,
Mont. (1); Tommy Moyer, Portland,
Me., decisioned Mario Centi, Kearny,
N.J.; Dale Maloney, Seattle, deci
sioned Carroll Neece, Ocean View,
Va.
BOSTON, April 8 (UP). — The
little fellows held the spotlight to
day as the National A.A.U. boxing
championships opened with the
elimination bouts in the low eight
classes.
The first knockout of the tourna
ment came when Lucas Pasion of
Honolulu, T.H., knocked out Richard
Barker, Baltimore in the first
round.
Results included: 112-pound class:
Vic Sargent, Chinook, Mont., deci
sioned Aubrey Holerfield, Little
Rock. Ark. 118-pound class: Nick
Deposta, Stockton, Calif., decisioned
Andrew Trozzi, Stoneham, Mass.
136-pound class: Emmet Murphy,
Great Falls, Mont., decisioned Herb
Gamardella, Norfolk, Va. 135-pound
class: Stanley Stockins, Chicago,
kayoed Vearl Sherman, Great Falls,
Mont. (1); Tommy Moyer, Portland,
Me., decisioned Mario Centi, Kearny,
N.J.; Dale Maloney, Seattle, deci
sioned Carroll Neece, Ocean View,
Va.
BOSTON, April 8 (UP). — The
little fellows held the spotlight to
day as the National A.A.U. boxing
championships opened with the
elimination bouts in the low eight
classes.
The first knockout of the tourna
ment came when Lucas Pasion of
Honolulu, T.H., knocked out Richard
Barker, Baltimore in the first
round.
Results included: 112-pound class:
Vic Sargent, Chinook, Mont., deci
sioned Aubrey Holerfield, Little
Rock. Ark. 118-pound class: Nick
Deposta, Stockton, Calif., decisioned
Andrew Trozzi, Stoneham, Mass.
136-pound class: Emmet Murphy,
Great Falls, Mont., decisioned Herb
Gamardella, Norfolk, Va. 135-pound
class: Stanley Stockins, Chicago,
kayoed Vearl Sherman, Great Falls,
Mont. (1); Tommy Moyer, Portland,
Me., decisioned Mario Centi, Kearny,
N.J.; Dale Maloney, Seattle, deci
sioned Carroll Neece, Ocean View,
Va.
BOSTON, April 8 (UP). — The
little fellows held the spotlight to
day as the National A.A.U. boxing
championships opened with the
elimination bouts in the low eight
classes.
The first knockout of the tourna
ment came when Lucas Pasion of
Honolulu, T.H., knocked out Richard
Barker, Baltimore in the first
round.
Results included: 112-pound class:
Vic Sargent, Chinook, Mont., deci
sioned Aubrey Holerfield, Little
Rock. Ark. 118-pound class: Nick
Deposta, Stockton, Calif., decisioned
Andrew Trozzi, Stoneham, Mass.
136-pound class: Emmet Murphy,
Great Falls, Mont., decisioned Herb
Gamardella, Norfolk, Va. 135-pound
class: Stanley Stockins, Chicago,
kayoed Vearl Sherman, Great Falls,
Mont. (1); Tommy Moyer, Portland,
Me., decisioned Mario Centi, Kearny,
N.J.; Dale Maloney, Seattle, deci
sioned Carroll Neece, Ocean View,
Va.
BOSTON, April 8 (UP). — The
little fellows held the spotlight to
day as the National A.A.U. boxing
championships opened with the
elimination bouts in the low eight
classes.
The first knockout of the tourna
ment came when Lucas Pasion of
Honolulu, T.H., knocked out Richard
Barker, Baltimore in the first
round.
Results included: 112-pound class:
Vic Sargent, Chinook, Mont., deci
sioned Aubrey Holerfield, Little
Rock. Ark. 118-pound class: Nick
Deposta, Stockton, Calif., decisioned
Andrew Trozzi, Stoneham, Mass.
136-pound class: Emmet Murphy,
Great Falls, Mont., decisioned Herb
Gamardella, Norfolk, Va. 135-pound
class: Stanley Stockins, Chicago,
kayoed Vearl Sherman, Great Falls,
Mont. (1); Tommy Moyer, Portland,
Me., decisioned Mario Centi, Kearny,
N.J.; Dale Maloney, Seattle, deci
sioned Carroll Neece, Ocean View,
Va.
BOSTON, April 8 (UP). — The
little fellows held the spotlight to
day as the National A.A.U. boxing
championships opened with the
elimination bouts in the low eight
classes.
The first knockout of the tourna
ment came when Lucas Pasion of
Honolulu, T.H., knocked out Richard
Barker, Baltimore in the first
round.
Results included: 112-pound class:
Vic Sargent, Chinook, Mont., deci
sioned Aubrey Holerfield, Little
Rock. Ark. 118-pound class: Nick
Deposta, Stockton, Calif., decisioned
Andrew Trozzi, Stoneham, Mass.
136-pound class: Emmet Murphy,
Great Falls, Mont., decisioned Herb
Gamardella, Norfolk, Va. 135-pound
class: Stanley Stockins, Chicago,
kayoed Vearl Sherman, Great Falls,
Mont. (1); Tommy Moyer, Portland,
Me., decisioned Mario Centi, Kearny,
N.J.; Dale Maloney, Seattle, deci
sioned Carroll Neece, Ocean View,
Va.
BOSTON, April 8 (UP). — The
little fellows held the spotlight to
day as the National A.A.U. boxing
championships opened with the
elimination bouts in the low eight
classes.
The first knockout of the tourna
ment came when Lucas Pasion of
Honolulu, T.H., knocked out Richard
Barker, Baltimore in the first
round.
Results included: 112-pound class:
Vic Sargent, Chinook, Mont., deci
sioned Aubrey Holerfield, Little
Rock. Ark. 118-pound class: Nick
Deposta, Stockton, Calif., decisioned
Andrew Trozzi, Stoneham, Mass.
136-pound class: Emmet Murphy,
Great Falls, Mont., decisioned Herb
Gamardella, Norfolk, Va. 135-pound
class: Stanley Stockins, Chicago,
kayoed Vearl Sherman, Great Falls,
Mont. (1); Tommy Moyer, Portland,
Me., decisioned Mario Centi, Kearny,
N.J.; Dale Maloney, Seattle, deci
sioned Carroll Neece, Ocean View,
Va.
BOSTON, April 8 (UP). — The
little fellows held the spotlight to
day as the National A.A.U. boxing
championships opened with the
elimination bouts in the low eight
classes.
The first knockout of the tourna
ment came when Lucas Pasion of
Honolulu, T.H., knocked out Richard
Barker, Baltimore in the first
round.
Results included: 112-pound class:
Vic Sargent, Chinook, Mont., deci
sioned Aubrey Holerfield, Little
Rock. Ark. 118-pound class: Nick
Deposta, Stockton, Calif., decisioned
Andrew Trozzi, Stoneham, Mass.
136-pound class: Emmet Murphy,
Great Falls, Mont., decisioned Herb
Gamardella, Norfolk, Va. 135-pound
class: Stanley Stockins, Chicago,
kayoed Vearl Sherman, Great Falls,
Mont. (1); Tommy Moyer, Portland,
Me., decisioned Mario Centi, Kearny,
N.J.; Dale Maloney, Seattle, deci
sioned Carroll Neece, Ocean View,
Va.
BOSTON, April 8 (UP). — The
little fellows held the spotlight to
day as the National A.A.U. boxing
championships opened with the
elimination bouts in the low eight
classes.
The first knockout of the tourna
ment came when Lucas Pasion of
Honolulu, T.H., knocked out Richard
Barker, Baltimore in the first
round.
Results included: 112-pound class:
Vic Sargent, Chinook, Mont., deci
sioned Aubrey Holerfield, Little
Rock. Ark. 118-pound class: Nick
Deposta, Stockton, Calif., decisioned
Andrew Trozzi, Stoneham, Mass.
136-pound class: Emmet Murphy,
Great Falls, Mont., decisioned Herb
Gamardella, Norfolk, Va. 135-pound
class: Stanley Stockins, Chicago,
kayoed Vearl Sherman, Great Falls,
Mont. (1); Tommy Moyer, Portland,
Me., decisioned Mario Centi, Kearny,
N.J.; Dale Maloney, Seattle, deci
sioned Carroll Neece, Ocean View,
Va.
