# MONDAY
## 
### 
Hope you
Dean of Students
Jackson hopes you
'follow your heart'
when it comes to in
terracial relationships
— he did.
Page 2
choke on
Sports: Who chokes
and who excels? It
may be a question of
genes, Brett Rogers
says.
Page 4
your dog
Water Polo dogged in
overtime.
Page 7

Hope you
Dean of Students
Jackson hopes you
'follow your heart'
when it comes to in
terracial relationships
— he did.
Page 2
choke on
Sports: Who chokes
and who excels? It
may be a question of
genes, Brett Rogers
says.
Page 4
your dog
Water Polo dogged in
overtime.
Page 7

Hope you
Dean of Students
Jackson hopes you
'follow your heart'
when it comes to in
terracial relationships
— he did.
Page 2
choke on
Sports: Who chokes
and who excels? It
may be a question of
genes, Brett Rogers
says.
Page 4
your dog
Water Polo dogged in
overtime.
Page 7

Hope you
Dean of Students
Jackson hopes you
'follow your heart'
when it comes to in
terracial relationships
— he did.
Page 2
choke on
Sports: Who chokes
and who excels? It
may be a question of
genes, Brett Rogers
says.
Page 4
your dog
Water Polo dogged in
overtime.
Page 7

Hope you
Dean of Students
Jackson hopes you
'follow your heart'
when it comes to in
terracial relationships
— he did.
Page 2
choke on
Sports: Who chokes
and who excels? It
may be a question of
genes, Brett Rogers
says.
Page 4
your dog
Water Polo dogged in
overtime.
Page 7

Hope you
Dean of Students
Jackson hopes you
'follow your heart'
when it comes to in
terracial relationships
— he did.
Page 2
choke on
Sports: Who chokes
and who excels? It
may be a question of
genes, Brett Rogers
says.
Page 4
your dog
Water Polo dogged in
overtime.
Page 7

Hope you
Dean of Students
Jackson hopes you
'follow your heart'
when it comes to in
terracial relationships
— he did.
Page 2
choke on
Sports: Who chokes
and who excels? It
may be a question of
genes, Brett Rogers
says.
Page 4
your dog
Water Polo dogged in
overtime.
Page 7

Hope you
Dean of Students
Jackson hopes you
'follow your heart'
when it comes to in
terracial relationships
— he did.
Page 2
choke on
Sports: Who chokes
and who excels? It
may be a question of
genes, Brett Rogers
says.
Page 4
your dog
Water Polo dogged in
overtime.
Page 7

