# ELECTS HADLEY EDITOR
## NEW HEAD OF "CHAPPIE" IS SELECTED. Raymond Reelected Manager.â€”Van Duersen, '10, Bellows, 09, Macdonald, '10, Added to Staff. 
### 
Earl J. Hadley, '08, of Bellingham,
Wash., was last night elected editor
of the "Chaparral" for the next col
lege year. C. Raymond, '08, was
again chosen to be manager of the
funny paper and G. F. Morell, '09,
was made an assistant manager.
The editor-elect has been a con
tributor to "Chappie" since his Fresh
man year. Hadley is the editor of the
1908 "Quad" and is a member of the
English Club, the Skull and Snakes,
honor society, and the Kappa Sigrn
fraternity.
For their excellent art work during
the past year, V. F. Bellows, '09, A.
S. Macdonald, '10, and J. M. Van
Duersen, '10, were elected to the staff.
Bellows is the art editor of the "Se
quoia," and the high-class contribu
tions of Macdonald and Van Duersen
are almost as well known to the col
lege community.
F. W. Turner, '08, will continue to
have charge of the subscription de
partment.
Earl J. Hadley, '08, of Bellingham,
Wash., was last night elected editor
of the "Chaparral" for the next col
lege year. C. Raymond, '08, was
again chosen to be manager of the
funny paper and G. F. Morell, '09,
was made an assistant manager.
The editor-elect has been a con
tributor to "Chappie" since his Fresh
man year. Hadley is the editor of the
1908 "Quad" and is a member of the
English Club, the Skull and Snakes,
honor society, and the Kappa Sigrn
fraternity.
For their excellent art work during
the past year, V. F. Bellows, '09, A.
S. Macdonald, '10, and J. M. Van
Duersen, '10, were elected to the staff.
Bellows is the art editor of the "Se
quoia," and the high-class contribu
tions of Macdonald and Van Duersen
are almost as well known to the col
lege community.
F. W. Turner, '08, will continue to
have charge of the subscription de
partment.
Earl J. Hadley, '08, of Bellingham,
Wash., was last night elected editor
of the "Chaparral" for the next col
lege year. C. Raymond, '08, was
again chosen to be manager of the
funny paper and G. F. Morell, '09,
was made an assistant manager.
The editor-elect has been a con
tributor to "Chappie" since his Fresh
man year. Hadley is the editor of the
1908 "Quad" and is a member of the
English Club, the Skull and Snakes,
honor society, and the Kappa Sigrn
fraternity.
For their excellent art work during
the past year, V. F. Bellows, '09, A.
S. Macdonald, '10, and J. M. Van
Duersen, '10, were elected to the staff.
Bellows is the art editor of the "Se
quoia," and the high-class contribu
tions of Macdonald and Van Duersen
are almost as well known to the col
lege community.
F. W. Turner, '08, will continue to
have charge of the subscription de
partment.
Earl J. Hadley, '08, of Bellingham,
Wash., was last night elected editor
of the "Chaparral" for the next col
lege year. C. Raymond, '08, was
again chosen to be manager of the
funny paper and G. F. Morell, '09,
was made an assistant manager.
The editor-elect has been a con
tributor to "Chappie" since his Fresh
man year. Hadley is the editor of the
1908 "Quad" and is a member of the
English Club, the Skull and Snakes,
honor society, and the Kappa Sigrn
fraternity.
For their excellent art work during
the past year, V. F. Bellows, '09, A.
S. Macdonald, '10, and J. M. Van
Duersen, '10, were elected to the staff.
Bellows is the art editor of the "Se
quoia," and the high-class contribu
tions of Macdonald and Van Duersen
are almost as well known to the col
lege community.
F. W. Turner, '08, will continue to
have charge of the subscription de
partment.
Earl J. Hadley, '08, of Bellingham,
Wash., was last night elected editor
of the "Chaparral" for the next col
lege year. C. Raymond, '08, was
again chosen to be manager of the
funny paper and G. F. Morell, '09,
was made an assistant manager.
The editor-elect has been a con
tributor to "Chappie" since his Fresh
man year. Hadley is the editor of the
1908 "Quad" and is a member of the
English Club, the Skull and Snakes,
honor society, and the Kappa Sigrn
fraternity.
For their excellent art work during
the past year, V. F. Bellows, '09, A.
S. Macdonald, '10, and J. M. Van
Duersen, '10, were elected to the staff.
Bellows is the art editor of the "Se
quoia," and the high-class contribu
tions of Macdonald and Van Duersen
are almost as well known to the col
lege community.
F. W. Turner, '08, will continue to
have charge of the subscription de
partment.
Earl J. Hadley, '08, of Bellingham,
Wash., was last night elected editor
of the "Chaparral" for the next col
lege year. C. Raymond, '08, was
again chosen to be manager of the
funny paper and G. F. Morell, '09,
was made an assistant manager.
The editor-elect has been a con
tributor to "Chappie" since his Fresh
man year. Hadley is the editor of the
1908 "Quad" and is a member of the
English Club, the Skull and Snakes,
honor society, and the Kappa Sigrn
fraternity.
For their excellent art work during
the past year, V. F. Bellows, '09, A.
S. Macdonald, '10, and J. M. Van
Duersen, '10, were elected to the staff.
Bellows is the art editor of the "Se
quoia," and the high-class contribu
tions of Macdonald and Van Duersen
are almost as well known to the col
lege community.
F. W. Turner, '08, will continue to
have charge of the subscription de
partment.
Earl J. Hadley, '08, of Bellingham,
Wash., was last night elected editor
of the "Chaparral" for the next col
lege year. C. Raymond, '08, was
again chosen to be manager of the
funny paper and G. F. Morell, '09,
was made an assistant manager.
The editor-elect has been a con
tributor to "Chappie" since his Fresh
man year. Hadley is the editor of the
1908 "Quad" and is a member of the
English Club, the Skull and Snakes,
honor society, and the Kappa Sigrn
fraternity.
For their excellent art work during
the past year, V. F. Bellows, '09, A.
S. Macdonald, '10, and J. M. Van
Duersen, '10, were elected to the staff.
Bellows is the art editor of the "Se
quoia," and the high-class contribu
tions of Macdonald and Van Duersen
are almost as well known to the col
lege community.
F. W. Turner, '08, will continue to
have charge of the subscription de
partment.
Earl J. Hadley, '08, of Bellingham,
Wash., was last night elected editor
of the "Chaparral" for the next col
lege year. C. Raymond, '08, was
again chosen to be manager of the
funny paper and G. F. Morell, '09,
was made an assistant manager.
The editor-elect has been a con
tributor to "Chappie" since his Fresh
man year. Hadley is the editor of the
1908 "Quad" and is a member of the
English Club, the Skull and Snakes,
honor society, and the Kappa Sigrn
fraternity.
For their excellent art work during
the past year, V. F. Bellows, '09, A.
S. Macdonald, '10, and J. M. Van
Duersen, '10, were elected to the staff.
Bellows is the art editor of the "Se
quoia," and the high-class contribu
tions of Macdonald and Van Duersen
are almost as well known to the col
lege community.
F. W. Turner, '08, will continue to
have charge of the subscription de
partment.
Earl J. Hadley, '08, of Bellingham,
Wash., was last night elected editor
of the "Chaparral" for the next col
lege year. C. Raymond, '08, was
again chosen to be manager of the
funny paper and G. F. Morell, '09,
was made an assistant manager.
The editor-elect has been a con
tributor to "Chappie" since his Fresh
man year. Hadley is the editor of the
1908 "Quad" and is a member of the
English Club, the Skull and Snakes,
honor society, and the Kappa Sigrn
fraternity.
For their excellent art work during
the past year, V. F. Bellows, '09, A.
S. Macdonald, '10, and J. M. Van
Duersen, '10, were elected to the staff.
Bellows is the art editor of the "Se
quoia," and the high-class contribu
tions of Macdonald and Van Duersen
are almost as well known to the col
lege community.
F. W. Turner, '08, will continue to
have charge of the subscription de
partment.
