# RALPH DE PALMA GOES TO JAIL FOR SPEEDING
## 
### (By United Press 
MADERA, Cal., Dec. sfl.—Ralph De
Palma, famed auto racer, was in jail
here today, serving his ten-day sen
tence for speeding.
True to his promise made a month
ago, to return to serve his sentence
immediately after Thanksgiving, De
Palma appeared at the jail late yes
terday.
MADERA, Cal., Dec. sfl.—Ralph De
Palma, famed auto racer, was in jail
here today, serving his ten-day sen
tence for speeding.
True to his promise made a month
ago, to return to serve his sentence
immediately after Thanksgiving, De
Palma appeared at the jail late yes
terday.
MADERA, Cal., Dec. sfl.—Ralph De
Palma, famed auto racer, was in jail
here today, serving his ten-day sen
tence for speeding.
True to his promise made a month
ago, to return to serve his sentence
immediately after Thanksgiving, De
Palma appeared at the jail late yes
terday.
MADERA, Cal., Dec. sfl.—Ralph De
Palma, famed auto racer, was in jail
here today, serving his ten-day sen
tence for speeding.
True to his promise made a month
ago, to return to serve his sentence
immediately after Thanksgiving, De
Palma appeared at the jail late yes
terday.
MADERA, Cal., Dec. sfl.—Ralph De
Palma, famed auto racer, was in jail
here today, serving his ten-day sen
tence for speeding.
True to his promise made a month
ago, to return to serve his sentence
immediately after Thanksgiving, De
Palma appeared at the jail late yes
terday.
MADERA, Cal., Dec. sfl.—Ralph De
Palma, famed auto racer, was in jail
here today, serving his ten-day sen
tence for speeding.
True to his promise made a month
ago, to return to serve his sentence
immediately after Thanksgiving, De
Palma appeared at the jail late yes
terday.
MADERA, Cal., Dec. sfl.—Ralph De
Palma, famed auto racer, was in jail
here today, serving his ten-day sen
tence for speeding.
True to his promise made a month
ago, to return to serve his sentence
immediately after Thanksgiving, De
Palma appeared at the jail late yes
terday.
MADERA, Cal., Dec. sfl.—Ralph De
Palma, famed auto racer, was in jail
here today, serving his ten-day sen
tence for speeding.
True to his promise made a month
ago, to return to serve his sentence
immediately after Thanksgiving, De
Palma appeared at the jail late yes
terday.
MADERA, Cal., Dec. sfl.—Ralph De
Palma, famed auto racer, was in jail
here today, serving his ten-day sen
tence for speeding.
True to his promise made a month
ago, to return to serve his sentence
immediately after Thanksgiving, De
Palma appeared at the jail late yes
terday.
MADERA, Cal., Dec. sfl.—Ralph De
Palma, famed auto racer, was in jail
here today, serving his ten-day sen
tence for speeding.
True to his promise made a month
ago, to return to serve his sentence
immediately after Thanksgiving, De
Palma appeared at the jail late yes
terday.
MADERA, Cal., Dec. sfl.—Ralph De
Palma, famed auto racer, was in jail
here today, serving his ten-day sen
tence for speeding.
True to his promise made a month
ago, to return to serve his sentence
immediately after Thanksgiving, De
Palma appeared at the jail late yes
terday.
MADERA, Cal., Dec. sfl.—Ralph De
Palma, famed auto racer, was in jail
here today, serving his ten-day sen
tence for speeding.
True to his promise made a month
ago, to return to serve his sentence
immediately after Thanksgiving, De
Palma appeared at the jail late yes
terday.
MADERA, Cal., Dec. sfl.—Ralph De
Palma, famed auto racer, was in jail
here today, serving his ten-day sen
tence for speeding.
True to his promise made a month
ago, to return to serve his sentence
immediately after Thanksgiving, De
Palma appeared at the jail late yes
terday.
MADERA, Cal., Dec. sfl.—Ralph De
Palma, famed auto racer, was in jail
here today, serving his ten-day sen
tence for speeding.
True to his promise made a month
ago, to return to serve his sentence
immediately after Thanksgiving, De
Palma appeared at the jail late yes
terday.
