# Adv. 26 Page 9
## 
### 
TRAVEL
Flights to EUROPE. Beginning
from $199. From NY some restric
tions apply. Rush $1 & SASE for
details to: Info Inc., P.O. Box
210384, SF, CA 94121 -0384.
REAL CHEAP
TRAVEL
Airfare Saving* Worldwide
MOT discounts NHMI
Adventure / Third World SpacWM*
Telephone Service Everyday!
DISCOUNT
TRAVEL
DESK
591-1954
MORE TRAVEL
FOR LESS!
•MIAK AWAY VACATION SMCUU.KT*
HAWAII - MEXICO US
EUROPE CARIBBEAN
Lowest air tares worldwide
discounted cruises
(415) 591-1492
student
discounts WfjF
available
+ American
Red Cross
TRAVEL
Flights to EUROPE. Beginning
from $199. From NY some restric
tions apply. Rush $1 & SASE for
details to: Info Inc., P.O. Box
210384, SF, CA 94121 -0384.
REAL CHEAP
TRAVEL
Airfare Saving* Worldwide
MOT discounts NHMI
Adventure / Third World SpacWM*
Telephone Service Everyday!
DISCOUNT
TRAVEL
DESK
591-1954
MORE TRAVEL
FOR LESS!
•MIAK AWAY VACATION SMCUU.KT*
HAWAII - MEXICO US
EUROPE CARIBBEAN
Lowest air tares worldwide
discounted cruises
(415) 591-1492
student
discounts WfjF
available
+ American
Red Cross
TRAVEL
Flights to EUROPE. Beginning
from $199. From NY some restric
tions apply. Rush $1 & SASE for
details to: Info Inc., P.O. Box
210384, SF, CA 94121 -0384.
REAL CHEAP
TRAVEL
Airfare Saving* Worldwide
MOT discounts NHMI
Adventure / Third World SpacWM*
Telephone Service Everyday!
DISCOUNT
TRAVEL
DESK
591-1954
MORE TRAVEL
FOR LESS!
•MIAK AWAY VACATION SMCUU.KT*
HAWAII - MEXICO US
EUROPE CARIBBEAN
Lowest air tares worldwide
discounted cruises
(415) 591-1492
student
discounts WfjF
available
+ American
Red Cross
TRAVEL
Flights to EUROPE. Beginning
from $199. From NY some restric
tions apply. Rush $1 & SASE for
details to: Info Inc., P.O. Box
210384, SF, CA 94121 -0384.
REAL CHEAP
TRAVEL
Airfare Saving* Worldwide
MOT discounts NHMI
Adventure / Third World SpacWM*
Telephone Service Everyday!
DISCOUNT
TRAVEL
DESK
591-1954
MORE TRAVEL
FOR LESS!
•MIAK AWAY VACATION SMCUU.KT*
HAWAII - MEXICO US
EUROPE CARIBBEAN
Lowest air tares worldwide
discounted cruises
(415) 591-1492
student
discounts WfjF
available
+ American
Red Cross
TRAVEL
Flights to EUROPE. Beginning
from $199. From NY some restric
tions apply. Rush $1 & SASE for
details to: Info Inc., P.O. Box
210384, SF, CA 94121 -0384.
REAL CHEAP
TRAVEL
Airfare Saving* Worldwide
MOT discounts NHMI
Adventure / Third World SpacWM*
Telephone Service Everyday!
DISCOUNT
TRAVEL
DESK
591-1954
MORE TRAVEL
FOR LESS!
•MIAK AWAY VACATION SMCUU.KT*
HAWAII - MEXICO US
EUROPE CARIBBEAN
Lowest air tares worldwide
discounted cruises
(415) 591-1492
student
discounts WfjF
available
+ American
Red Cross
TRAVEL
Flights to EUROPE. Beginning
from $199. From NY some restric
tions apply. Rush $1 & SASE for
details to: Info Inc., P.O. Box
210384, SF, CA 94121 -0384.
REAL CHEAP
TRAVEL
Airfare Saving* Worldwide
MOT discounts NHMI
Adventure / Third World SpacWM*
Telephone Service Everyday!
DISCOUNT
TRAVEL
DESK
591-1954
MORE TRAVEL
FOR LESS!
•MIAK AWAY VACATION SMCUU.KT*
HAWAII - MEXICO US
EUROPE CARIBBEAN
Lowest air tares worldwide
discounted cruises
(415) 591-1492
student
discounts WfjF
available
+ American
Red Cross
TRAVEL
Flights to EUROPE. Beginning
from $199. From NY some restric
tions apply. Rush $1 & SASE for
details to: Info Inc., P.O. Box
210384, SF, CA 94121 -0384.
REAL CHEAP
TRAVEL
Airfare Saving* Worldwide
MOT discounts NHMI
Adventure / Third World SpacWM*
Telephone Service Everyday!
DISCOUNT
TRAVEL
DESK
591-1954
MORE TRAVEL
FOR LESS!
•MIAK AWAY VACATION SMCUU.KT*
HAWAII - MEXICO US
EUROPE CARIBBEAN
Lowest air tares worldwide
discounted cruises
(415) 591-1492
student
discounts WfjF
available
+ American
Red Cross
