# STANFORD ALUMNI TO OFFER SOCCER TROPHY
## 
### 
S. F. Pellas, '13, is now back on the
campus arranging for a soccer trophy.
The trophy, as he sees it now, will be
awarded to the California or Stanford
soccer team that wins six out of ten
games, two games to be played each
season.
Mr. Pelas was captain of the soccer
varsity in 1912, and was one of the
charter members of the Circle S society.
S. F. Pellas, '13, is now back on the
campus arranging for a soccer trophy.
The trophy, as he sees it now, will be
awarded to the California or Stanford
soccer team that wins six out of ten
games, two games to be played each
season.
Mr. Pelas was captain of the soccer
varsity in 1912, and was one of the
charter members of the Circle S society.
S. F. Pellas, '13, is now back on the
campus arranging for a soccer trophy.
The trophy, as he sees it now, will be
awarded to the California or Stanford
soccer team that wins six out of ten
games, two games to be played each
season.
Mr. Pelas was captain of the soccer
varsity in 1912, and was one of the
charter members of the Circle S society.
S. F. Pellas, '13, is now back on the
campus arranging for a soccer trophy.
The trophy, as he sees it now, will be
awarded to the California or Stanford
soccer team that wins six out of ten
games, two games to be played each
season.
Mr. Pelas was captain of the soccer
varsity in 1912, and was one of the
charter members of the Circle S society.
S. F. Pellas, '13, is now back on the
campus arranging for a soccer trophy.
The trophy, as he sees it now, will be
awarded to the California or Stanford
soccer team that wins six out of ten
games, two games to be played each
season.
Mr. Pelas was captain of the soccer
varsity in 1912, and was one of the
charter members of the Circle S society.
S. F. Pellas, '13, is now back on the
campus arranging for a soccer trophy.
The trophy, as he sees it now, will be
awarded to the California or Stanford
soccer team that wins six out of ten
games, two games to be played each
season.
Mr. Pelas was captain of the soccer
varsity in 1912, and was one of the
charter members of the Circle S society.
S. F. Pellas, '13, is now back on the
campus arranging for a soccer trophy.
The trophy, as he sees it now, will be
awarded to the California or Stanford
soccer team that wins six out of ten
games, two games to be played each
season.
Mr. Pelas was captain of the soccer
varsity in 1912, and was one of the
charter members of the Circle S society.
S. F. Pellas, '13, is now back on the
campus arranging for a soccer trophy.
The trophy, as he sees it now, will be
awarded to the California or Stanford
soccer team that wins six out of ten
games, two games to be played each
season.
Mr. Pelas was captain of the soccer
varsity in 1912, and was one of the
charter members of the Circle S society.
S. F. Pellas, '13, is now back on the
campus arranging for a soccer trophy.
The trophy, as he sees it now, will be
awarded to the California or Stanford
soccer team that wins six out of ten
games, two games to be played each
season.
Mr. Pelas was captain of the soccer
varsity in 1912, and was one of the
charter members of the Circle S society.
S. F. Pellas, '13, is now back on the
campus arranging for a soccer trophy.
The trophy, as he sees it now, will be
awarded to the California or Stanford
soccer team that wins six out of ten
games, two games to be played each
season.
Mr. Pelas was captain of the soccer
varsity in 1912, and was one of the
charter members of the Circle S society.
S. F. Pellas, '13, is now back on the
campus arranging for a soccer trophy.
The trophy, as he sees it now, will be
awarded to the California or Stanford
soccer team that wins six out of ten
games, two games to be played each
season.
Mr. Pelas was captain of the soccer
varsity in 1912, and was one of the
charter members of the Circle S society.
S. F. Pellas, '13, is now back on the
campus arranging for a soccer trophy.
The trophy, as he sees it now, will be
awarded to the California or Stanford
soccer team that wins six out of ten
games, two games to be played each
season.
Mr. Pelas was captain of the soccer
varsity in 1912, and was one of the
charter members of the Circle S society.
S. F. Pellas, '13, is now back on the
campus arranging for a soccer trophy.
The trophy, as he sees it now, will be
awarded to the California or Stanford
soccer team that wins six out of ten
games, two games to be played each
season.
Mr. Pelas was captain of the soccer
varsity in 1912, and was one of the
charter members of the Circle S society.
