# Untitled Article
## 
### 

FOSSIL FIND — Workmen at the Stanford Linear
Accelerator have uncovered the remains of several
fossils, believed to be parts of a marine mammal
from the Miocene Age in the Cenozoic Era. Dr.

Earl Packard, a former professor and now a re
search associate in the Geology Department, is
supervising operations to completely uncover and
then precisely identify the fossil.

FOSSIL FIND — Workmen at the Stanford Linear
Accelerator have uncovered the remains of several
fossils, believed to be parts of a marine mammal
from the Miocene Age in the Cenozoic Era. Dr.

Earl Packard, a former professor and now a re
search associate in the Geology Department, is
supervising operations to completely uncover and
then precisely identify the fossil.

FOSSIL FIND — Workmen at the Stanford Linear
Accelerator have uncovered the remains of several
fossils, believed to be parts of a marine mammal
from the Miocene Age in the Cenozoic Era. Dr.

Earl Packard, a former professor and now a re
search associate in the Geology Department, is
supervising operations to completely uncover and
then precisely identify the fossil.

FOSSIL FIND — Workmen at the Stanford Linear
Accelerator have uncovered the remains of several
fossils, believed to be parts of a marine mammal
from the Miocene Age in the Cenozoic Era. Dr.

Earl Packard, a former professor and now a re
search associate in the Geology Department, is
supervising operations to completely uncover and
then precisely identify the fossil.

FOSSIL FIND — Workmen at the Stanford Linear
Accelerator have uncovered the remains of several
fossils, believed to be parts of a marine mammal
from the Miocene Age in the Cenozoic Era. Dr.

Earl Packard, a former professor and now a re
search associate in the Geology Department, is
supervising operations to completely uncover and
then precisely identify the fossil.

FOSSIL FIND — Workmen at the Stanford Linear
Accelerator have uncovered the remains of several
fossils, believed to be parts of a marine mammal
from the Miocene Age in the Cenozoic Era. Dr.

Earl Packard, a former professor and now a re
search associate in the Geology Department, is
supervising operations to completely uncover and
then precisely identify the fossil.

FOSSIL FIND — Workmen at the Stanford Linear
Accelerator have uncovered the remains of several
fossils, believed to be parts of a marine mammal
from the Miocene Age in the Cenozoic Era. Dr.

Earl Packard, a former professor and now a re
search associate in the Geology Department, is
supervising operations to completely uncover and
then precisely identify the fossil.

FOSSIL FIND — Workmen at the Stanford Linear
Accelerator have uncovered the remains of several
fossils, believed to be parts of a marine mammal
from the Miocene Age in the Cenozoic Era. Dr.

Earl Packard, a former professor and now a re
search associate in the Geology Department, is
supervising operations to completely uncover and
then precisely identify the fossil.

FOSSIL FIND — Workmen at the Stanford Linear
Accelerator have uncovered the remains of several
fossils, believed to be parts of a marine mammal
from the Miocene Age in the Cenozoic Era. Dr.

Earl Packard, a former professor and now a re
search associate in the Geology Department, is
supervising operations to completely uncover and
then precisely identify the fossil.

FOSSIL FIND — Workmen at the Stanford Linear
Accelerator have uncovered the remains of several
fossils, believed to be parts of a marine mammal
from the Miocene Age in the Cenozoic Era. Dr.

Earl Packard, a former professor and now a re
search associate in the Geology Department, is
supervising operations to completely uncover and
then precisely identify the fossil.

FOSSIL FIND — Workmen at the Stanford Linear
Accelerator have uncovered the remains of several
fossils, believed to be parts of a marine mammal
from the Miocene Age in the Cenozoic Era. Dr.

Earl Packard, a former professor and now a re
search associate in the Geology Department, is
supervising operations to completely uncover and
then precisely identify the fossil.

FOSSIL FIND — Workmen at the Stanford Linear
Accelerator have uncovered the remains of several
fossils, believed to be parts of a marine mammal
from the Miocene Age in the Cenozoic Era. Dr.

Earl Packard, a former professor and now a re
search associate in the Geology Department, is
supervising operations to completely uncover and
then precisely identify the fossil.

FOSSIL FIND — Workmen at the Stanford Linear
Accelerator have uncovered the remains of several
fossils, believed to be parts of a marine mammal
from the Miocene Age in the Cenozoic Era. Dr.

Earl Packard, a former professor and now a re
search associate in the Geology Department, is
supervising operations to completely uncover and
then precisely identify the fossil.

FOSSIL FIND — Workmen at the Stanford Linear
Accelerator have uncovered the remains of several
fossils, believed to be parts of a marine mammal
from the Miocene Age in the Cenozoic Era. Dr.

Earl Packard, a former professor and now a re
search associate in the Geology Department, is
supervising operations to completely uncover and
then precisely identify the fossil.

FOSSIL FIND — Workmen at the Stanford Linear
Accelerator have uncovered the remains of several
fossils, believed to be parts of a marine mammal
from the Miocene Age in the Cenozoic Era. Dr.

Earl Packard, a former professor and now a re
search associate in the Geology Department, is
supervising operations to completely uncover and
then precisely identify the fossil.
