# New President To Head Texas College of Mines
## 
### 
CORSICANA, Tex., Nov. 15 (/P). —
Regents of the University of Texas i
will inspect the Texas College of '
Mines at El Paso Monday and will
consider selection of a president for
the institution, Beauford H. Jester of
Corsicana, chairman of the regents,
said today.
CORSICANA, Tex., Nov. 15 (/P). —
Regents of the University of Texas i
will inspect the Texas College of '
Mines at El Paso Monday and will
consider selection of a president for
the institution, Beauford H. Jester of
Corsicana, chairman of the regents,
said today.
CORSICANA, Tex., Nov. 15 (/P). —
Regents of the University of Texas i
will inspect the Texas College of '
Mines at El Paso Monday and will
consider selection of a president for
the institution, Beauford H. Jester of
Corsicana, chairman of the regents,
said today.
CORSICANA, Tex., Nov. 15 (/P). —
Regents of the University of Texas i
will inspect the Texas College of '
Mines at El Paso Monday and will
consider selection of a president for
the institution, Beauford H. Jester of
Corsicana, chairman of the regents,
said today.
CORSICANA, Tex., Nov. 15 (/P). —
Regents of the University of Texas i
will inspect the Texas College of '
Mines at El Paso Monday and will
consider selection of a president for
the institution, Beauford H. Jester of
Corsicana, chairman of the regents,
said today.
CORSICANA, Tex., Nov. 15 (/P). —
Regents of the University of Texas i
will inspect the Texas College of '
Mines at El Paso Monday and will
consider selection of a president for
the institution, Beauford H. Jester of
Corsicana, chairman of the regents,
said today.
CORSICANA, Tex., Nov. 15 (/P). —
Regents of the University of Texas i
will inspect the Texas College of '
Mines at El Paso Monday and will
consider selection of a president for
the institution, Beauford H. Jester of
Corsicana, chairman of the regents,
said today.
CORSICANA, Tex., Nov. 15 (/P). —
Regents of the University of Texas i
will inspect the Texas College of '
Mines at El Paso Monday and will
consider selection of a president for
the institution, Beauford H. Jester of
Corsicana, chairman of the regents,
said today.
CORSICANA, Tex., Nov. 15 (/P). —
Regents of the University of Texas i
will inspect the Texas College of '
Mines at El Paso Monday and will
consider selection of a president for
the institution, Beauford H. Jester of
Corsicana, chairman of the regents,
said today.
CORSICANA, Tex., Nov. 15 (/P). —
Regents of the University of Texas i
will inspect the Texas College of '
Mines at El Paso Monday and will
consider selection of a president for
the institution, Beauford H. Jester of
Corsicana, chairman of the regents,
said today.
CORSICANA, Tex., Nov. 15 (/P). —
Regents of the University of Texas i
will inspect the Texas College of '
Mines at El Paso Monday and will
consider selection of a president for
the institution, Beauford H. Jester of
Corsicana, chairman of the regents,
said today.
CORSICANA, Tex., Nov. 15 (/P). —
Regents of the University of Texas i
will inspect the Texas College of '
Mines at El Paso Monday and will
consider selection of a president for
the institution, Beauford H. Jester of
Corsicana, chairman of the regents,
said today.
CORSICANA, Tex., Nov. 15 (/P). —
Regents of the University of Texas i
will inspect the Texas College of '
Mines at El Paso Monday and will
consider selection of a president for
the institution, Beauford H. Jester of
Corsicana, chairman of the regents,
said today.
CORSICANA, Tex., Nov. 15 (/P). —
Regents of the University of Texas i
will inspect the Texas College of '
Mines at El Paso Monday and will
consider selection of a president for
the institution, Beauford H. Jester of
Corsicana, chairman of the regents,
said today.
CORSICANA, Tex., Nov. 15 (/P). —
Regents of the University of Texas i
will inspect the Texas College of '
Mines at El Paso Monday and will
consider selection of a president for
the institution, Beauford H. Jester of
Corsicana, chairman of the regents,
said today.
