# SIGMA DELTA CHI
## 
### 
Sigma Delta Chi, men's profes
sional journalistic fraternity, an
nounces the membership of Millard
Browne, '36; Charles Chappell, '35;
Julius Jacobs, '35; and John Mc-
Clelland, '37.
Sigma Delta Chi, men's profes
sional journalistic fraternity, an
nounces the membership of Millard
Browne, '36; Charles Chappell, '35;
Julius Jacobs, '35; and John Mc-
Clelland, '37.
Sigma Delta Chi, men's profes
sional journalistic fraternity, an
nounces the membership of Millard
Browne, '36; Charles Chappell, '35;
Julius Jacobs, '35; and John Mc-
Clelland, '37.
Sigma Delta Chi, men's profes
sional journalistic fraternity, an
nounces the membership of Millard
Browne, '36; Charles Chappell, '35;
Julius Jacobs, '35; and John Mc-
Clelland, '37.
Sigma Delta Chi, men's profes
sional journalistic fraternity, an
nounces the membership of Millard
Browne, '36; Charles Chappell, '35;
Julius Jacobs, '35; and John Mc-
Clelland, '37.
Sigma Delta Chi, men's profes
sional journalistic fraternity, an
nounces the membership of Millard
Browne, '36; Charles Chappell, '35;
Julius Jacobs, '35; and John Mc-
Clelland, '37.
Sigma Delta Chi, men's profes
sional journalistic fraternity, an
nounces the membership of Millard
Browne, '36; Charles Chappell, '35;
Julius Jacobs, '35; and John Mc-
Clelland, '37.
Sigma Delta Chi, men's profes
sional journalistic fraternity, an
nounces the membership of Millard
Browne, '36; Charles Chappell, '35;
Julius Jacobs, '35; and John Mc-
Clelland, '37.
Sigma Delta Chi, men's profes
sional journalistic fraternity, an
nounces the membership of Millard
Browne, '36; Charles Chappell, '35;
Julius Jacobs, '35; and John Mc-
Clelland, '37.
Sigma Delta Chi, men's profes
sional journalistic fraternity, an
nounces the membership of Millard
Browne, '36; Charles Chappell, '35;
Julius Jacobs, '35; and John Mc-
Clelland, '37.
Sigma Delta Chi, men's profes
sional journalistic fraternity, an
nounces the membership of Millard
Browne, '36; Charles Chappell, '35;
Julius Jacobs, '35; and John Mc-
Clelland, '37.
Sigma Delta Chi, men's profes
sional journalistic fraternity, an
nounces the membership of Millard
Browne, '36; Charles Chappell, '35;
Julius Jacobs, '35; and John Mc-
Clelland, '37.
Sigma Delta Chi, men's profes
sional journalistic fraternity, an
nounces the membership of Millard
Browne, '36; Charles Chappell, '35;
Julius Jacobs, '35; and John Mc-
Clelland, '37.
Sigma Delta Chi, men's profes
sional journalistic fraternity, an
nounces the membership of Millard
Browne, '36; Charles Chappell, '35;
Julius Jacobs, '35; and John Mc-
Clelland, '37.
Sigma Delta Chi, men's profes
sional journalistic fraternity, an
nounces the membership of Millard
Browne, '36; Charles Chappell, '35;
Julius Jacobs, '35; and John Mc-
Clelland, '37.
