# BECK GIVES STRONG ARGUMENT AGAINST LEAGUE OF NATIONS
## 
### 
James R. Beck, well-known as as
sistant United States district attorney,
presented the argument against the
League of Nations in the debate which
has been carried on under the auspi
ces of the Women's Club of Palo Alto.
Dr. David Starr Jordan sat on the
platform representing the affirmative
side of the question. According to Mr.
Beck, the League will be nothing more
or less in actual practice than an of
fensive and defensive alliance camou
flaged as a world federation. The
serious difficulties center around the
article which provides for the power
to enforce the laws set down by the
League. The League according to Mr.
Beck is based on the false principle
of inequality of nations which is
proved by the fact that the League
will be divided into two chambers,
one of which practically controls the
actions of the League. Dr. Jordan
stated that Mr. Beck's presentation of
the case on the negative side was the
best and the most convincing that he
had heard.
James R. Beck, well-known as as
sistant United States district attorney,
presented the argument against the
League of Nations in the debate which
has been carried on under the auspi
ces of the Women's Club of Palo Alto.
Dr. David Starr Jordan sat on the
platform representing the affirmative
side of the question. According to Mr.
Beck, the League will be nothing more
or less in actual practice than an of
fensive and defensive alliance camou
flaged as a world federation. The
serious difficulties center around the
article which provides for the power
to enforce the laws set down by the
League. The League according to Mr.
Beck is based on the false principle
of inequality of nations which is
proved by the fact that the League
will be divided into two chambers,
one of which practically controls the
actions of the League. Dr. Jordan
stated that Mr. Beck's presentation of
the case on the negative side was the
best and the most convincing that he
had heard.
James R. Beck, well-known as as
sistant United States district attorney,
presented the argument against the
League of Nations in the debate which
has been carried on under the auspi
ces of the Women's Club of Palo Alto.
Dr. David Starr Jordan sat on the
platform representing the affirmative
side of the question. According to Mr.
Beck, the League will be nothing more
or less in actual practice than an of
fensive and defensive alliance camou
flaged as a world federation. The
serious difficulties center around the
article which provides for the power
to enforce the laws set down by the
League. The League according to Mr.
Beck is based on the false principle
of inequality of nations which is
proved by the fact that the League
will be divided into two chambers,
one of which practically controls the
actions of the League. Dr. Jordan
stated that Mr. Beck's presentation of
the case on the negative side was the
best and the most convincing that he
had heard.
James R. Beck, well-known as as
sistant United States district attorney,
presented the argument against the
League of Nations in the debate which
has been carried on under the auspi
ces of the Women's Club of Palo Alto.
Dr. David Starr Jordan sat on the
platform representing the affirmative
side of the question. According to Mr.
Beck, the League will be nothing more
or less in actual practice than an of
fensive and defensive alliance camou
flaged as a world federation. The
serious difficulties center around the
article which provides for the power
to enforce the laws set down by the
League. The League according to Mr.
Beck is based on the false principle
of inequality of nations which is
proved by the fact that the League
will be divided into two chambers,
one of which practically controls the
actions of the League. Dr. Jordan
stated that Mr. Beck's presentation of
the case on the negative side was the
best and the most convincing that he
had heard.
James R. Beck, well-known as as
sistant United States district attorney,
presented the argument against the
League of Nations in the debate which
has been carried on under the auspi
ces of the Women's Club of Palo Alto.
Dr. David Starr Jordan sat on the
platform representing the affirmative
side of the question. According to Mr.
Beck, the League will be nothing more
or less in actual practice than an of
fensive and defensive alliance camou
flaged as a world federation. The
serious difficulties center around the
article which provides for the power
to enforce the laws set down by the
League. The League according to Mr.
Beck is based on the false principle
of inequality of nations which is
proved by the fact that the League
will be divided into two chambers,
one of which practically controls the
actions of the League. Dr. Jordan
stated that Mr. Beck's presentation of
the case on the negative side was the
best and the most convincing that he
had heard.
James R. Beck, well-known as as
sistant United States district attorney,
presented the argument against the
League of Nations in the debate which
has been carried on under the auspi
ces of the Women's Club of Palo Alto.
Dr. David Starr Jordan sat on the
platform representing the affirmative
side of the question. According to Mr.
Beck, the League will be nothing more
or less in actual practice than an of
fensive and defensive alliance camou
flaged as a world federation. The
serious difficulties center around the
article which provides for the power
to enforce the laws set down by the
League. The League according to Mr.
Beck is based on the false principle
of inequality of nations which is
proved by the fact that the League
will be divided into two chambers,
one of which practically controls the
actions of the League. Dr. Jordan
stated that Mr. Beck's presentation of
the case on the negative side was the
best and the most convincing that he
had heard.
James R. Beck, well-known as as
sistant United States district attorney,
presented the argument against the
League of Nations in the debate which
has been carried on under the auspi
ces of the Women's Club of Palo Alto.
Dr. David Starr Jordan sat on the
platform representing the affirmative
side of the question. According to Mr.
Beck, the League will be nothing more
or less in actual practice than an of
fensive and defensive alliance camou
flaged as a world federation. The
serious difficulties center around the
article which provides for the power
to enforce the laws set down by the
League. The League according to Mr.
Beck is based on the false principle
of inequality of nations which is
proved by the fact that the League
will be divided into two chambers,
one of which practically controls the
actions of the League. Dr. Jordan
stated that Mr. Beck's presentation of
the case on the negative side was the
best and the most convincing that he
had heard.
James R. Beck, well-known as as
sistant United States district attorney,
presented the argument against the
League of Nations in the debate which
has been carried on under the auspi
ces of the Women's Club of Palo Alto.
Dr. David Starr Jordan sat on the
platform representing the affirmative
side of the question. According to Mr.
Beck, the League will be nothing more
or less in actual practice than an of
fensive and defensive alliance camou
flaged as a world federation. The
serious difficulties center around the
article which provides for the power
to enforce the laws set down by the
League. The League according to Mr.
Beck is based on the false principle
of inequality of nations which is
proved by the fact that the League
will be divided into two chambers,
one of which practically controls the
actions of the League. Dr. Jordan
stated that Mr. Beck's presentation of
the case on the negative side was the
best and the most convincing that he
had heard.
James R. Beck, well-known as as
sistant United States district attorney,
presented the argument against the
League of Nations in the debate which
has been carried on under the auspi
ces of the Women's Club of Palo Alto.
Dr. David Starr Jordan sat on the
platform representing the affirmative
side of the question. According to Mr.
Beck, the League will be nothing more
or less in actual practice than an of
fensive and defensive alliance camou
flaged as a world federation. The
serious difficulties center around the
article which provides for the power
to enforce the laws set down by the
League. The League according to Mr.
Beck is based on the false principle
of inequality of nations which is
proved by the fact that the League
will be divided into two chambers,
one of which practically controls the
actions of the League. Dr. Jordan
stated that Mr. Beck's presentation of
the case on the negative side was the
best and the most convincing that he
had heard.
James R. Beck, well-known as as
sistant United States district attorney,
presented the argument against the
League of Nations in the debate which
has been carried on under the auspi
ces of the Women's Club of Palo Alto.
Dr. David Starr Jordan sat on the
platform representing the affirmative
side of the question. According to Mr.
Beck, the League will be nothing more
or less in actual practice than an of
fensive and defensive alliance camou
flaged as a world federation. The
serious difficulties center around the
article which provides for the power
to enforce the laws set down by the
League. The League according to Mr.
Beck is based on the false principle
of inequality of nations which is
proved by the fact that the League
will be divided into two chambers,
one of which practically controls the
actions of the League. Dr. Jordan
stated that Mr. Beck's presentation of
the case on the negative side was the
best and the most convincing that he
had heard.
James R. Beck, well-known as as
sistant United States district attorney,
presented the argument against the
League of Nations in the debate which
has been carried on under the auspi
ces of the Women's Club of Palo Alto.
Dr. David Starr Jordan sat on the
platform representing the affirmative
side of the question. According to Mr.
Beck, the League will be nothing more
or less in actual practice than an of
fensive and defensive alliance camou
flaged as a world federation. The
serious difficulties center around the
article which provides for the power
to enforce the laws set down by the
League. The League according to Mr.
Beck is based on the false principle
of inequality of nations which is
proved by the fact that the League
will be divided into two chambers,
one of which practically controls the
actions of the League. Dr. Jordan
stated that Mr. Beck's presentation of
the case on the negative side was the
best and the most convincing that he
had heard.
James R. Beck, well-known as as
sistant United States district attorney,
presented the argument against the
League of Nations in the debate which
has been carried on under the auspi
ces of the Women's Club of Palo Alto.
Dr. David Starr Jordan sat on the
platform representing the affirmative
side of the question. According to Mr.
Beck, the League will be nothing more
or less in actual practice than an of
fensive and defensive alliance camou
flaged as a world federation. The
serious difficulties center around the
article which provides for the power
to enforce the laws set down by the
League. The League according to Mr.
Beck is based on the false principle
of inequality of nations which is
proved by the fact that the League
will be divided into two chambers,
one of which practically controls the
actions of the League. Dr. Jordan
stated that Mr. Beck's presentation of
the case on the negative side was the
best and the most convincing that he
had heard.
James R. Beck, well-known as as
sistant United States district attorney,
presented the argument against the
League of Nations in the debate which
has been carried on under the auspi
ces of the Women's Club of Palo Alto.
Dr. David Starr Jordan sat on the
platform representing the affirmative
side of the question. According to Mr.
Beck, the League will be nothing more
or less in actual practice than an of
fensive and defensive alliance camou
flaged as a world federation. The
serious difficulties center around the
article which provides for the power
to enforce the laws set down by the
League. The League according to Mr.
Beck is based on the false principle
of inequality of nations which is
proved by the fact that the League
will be divided into two chambers,
one of which practically controls the
actions of the League. Dr. Jordan
stated that Mr. Beck's presentation of
the case on the negative side was the
best and the most convincing that he
had heard.
James R. Beck, well-known as as
sistant United States district attorney,
presented the argument against the
League of Nations in the debate which
has been carried on under the auspi
ces of the Women's Club of Palo Alto.
Dr. David Starr Jordan sat on the
platform representing the affirmative
side of the question. According to Mr.
Beck, the League will be nothing more
or less in actual practice than an of
fensive and defensive alliance camou
flaged as a world federation. The
serious difficulties center around the
article which provides for the power
to enforce the laws set down by the
League. The League according to Mr.
Beck is based on the false principle
of inequality of nations which is
proved by the fact that the League
will be divided into two chambers,
one of which practically controls the
actions of the League. Dr. Jordan
stated that Mr. Beck's presentation of
the case on the negative side was the
best and the most convincing that he
had heard.
James R. Beck, well-known as as
sistant United States district attorney,
presented the argument against the
League of Nations in the debate which
has been carried on under the auspi
ces of the Women's Club of Palo Alto.
Dr. David Starr Jordan sat on the
platform representing the affirmative
side of the question. According to Mr.
Beck, the League will be nothing more
or less in actual practice than an of
fensive and defensive alliance camou
flaged as a world federation. The
serious difficulties center around the
article which provides for the power
to enforce the laws set down by the
League. The League according to Mr.
Beck is based on the false principle
of inequality of nations which is
proved by the fact that the League
will be divided into two chambers,
one of which practically controls the
actions of the League. Dr. Jordan
stated that Mr. Beck's presentation of
the case on the negative side was the
best and the most convincing that he
had heard.
James R. Beck, well-known as as
sistant United States district attorney,
presented the argument against the
League of Nations in the debate which
has been carried on under the auspi
ces of the Women's Club of Palo Alto.
Dr. David Starr Jordan sat on the
platform representing the affirmative
side of the question. According to Mr.
Beck, the League will be nothing more
or less in actual practice than an of
fensive and defensive alliance camou
flaged as a world federation. The
serious difficulties center around the
article which provides for the power
to enforce the laws set down by the
League. The League according to Mr.
Beck is based on the false principle
of inequality of nations which is
proved by the fact that the League
will be divided into two chambers,
one of which practically controls the
actions of the League. Dr. Jordan
stated that Mr. Beck's presentation of
the case on the negative side was the
best and the most convincing that he
had heard.
