# They Will Lead the Convalescent Drive
## 
### 


JEEB HALABY, chairman (left).
Mark llopkins. treasurer, and Isa
bel Goldfliwaite, women's co
chairman.



JEEB HALABY, chairman (left).
Mark llopkins. treasurer, and Isa
bel Goldfliwaite, women's co
chairman.



JEEB HALABY, chairman (left).
Mark llopkins. treasurer, and Isa
bel Goldfliwaite, women's co
chairman.



JEEB HALABY, chairman (left).
Mark llopkins. treasurer, and Isa
bel Goldfliwaite, women's co
chairman.



JEEB HALABY, chairman (left).
Mark llopkins. treasurer, and Isa
bel Goldfliwaite, women's co
chairman.



JEEB HALABY, chairman (left).
Mark llopkins. treasurer, and Isa
bel Goldfliwaite, women's co
chairman.



JEEB HALABY, chairman (left).
Mark llopkins. treasurer, and Isa
bel Goldfliwaite, women's co
chairman.



JEEB HALABY, chairman (left).
Mark llopkins. treasurer, and Isa
bel Goldfliwaite, women's co
chairman.



JEEB HALABY, chairman (left).
Mark llopkins. treasurer, and Isa
bel Goldfliwaite, women's co
chairman.



JEEB HALABY, chairman (left).
Mark llopkins. treasurer, and Isa
bel Goldfliwaite, women's co
chairman.



JEEB HALABY, chairman (left).
Mark llopkins. treasurer, and Isa
bel Goldfliwaite, women's co
chairman.



JEEB HALABY, chairman (left).
Mark llopkins. treasurer, and Isa
bel Goldfliwaite, women's co
chairman.



JEEB HALABY, chairman (left).
Mark llopkins. treasurer, and Isa
bel Goldfliwaite, women's co
chairman.



JEEB HALABY, chairman (left).
Mark llopkins. treasurer, and Isa
bel Goldfliwaite, women's co
chairman.



JEEB HALABY, chairman (left).
Mark llopkins. treasurer, and Isa
bel Goldfliwaite, women's co
chairman.

