# READING CAST CHOSEN
## 
### 
The students chosen for the Sword
and Sandals reading of S. N. Beh
man's Broadway success, "Brief Mo
ment," which is to be held next
Thursday in the Little Theater are:
Jim Corner, Jack Beaty, Pauline
Stevens, Harold Kahn, Jane Clary,
Bill Goldner, Ken Peters, and Mar
shall Dill.
The students chosen for the Sword
and Sandals reading of S. N. Beh
man's Broadway success, "Brief Mo
ment," which is to be held next
Thursday in the Little Theater are:
Jim Corner, Jack Beaty, Pauline
Stevens, Harold Kahn, Jane Clary,
Bill Goldner, Ken Peters, and Mar
shall Dill.
The students chosen for the Sword
and Sandals reading of S. N. Beh
man's Broadway success, "Brief Mo
ment," which is to be held next
Thursday in the Little Theater are:
Jim Corner, Jack Beaty, Pauline
Stevens, Harold Kahn, Jane Clary,
Bill Goldner, Ken Peters, and Mar
shall Dill.
The students chosen for the Sword
and Sandals reading of S. N. Beh
man's Broadway success, "Brief Mo
ment," which is to be held next
Thursday in the Little Theater are:
Jim Corner, Jack Beaty, Pauline
Stevens, Harold Kahn, Jane Clary,
Bill Goldner, Ken Peters, and Mar
shall Dill.
The students chosen for the Sword
and Sandals reading of S. N. Beh
man's Broadway success, "Brief Mo
ment," which is to be held next
Thursday in the Little Theater are:
Jim Corner, Jack Beaty, Pauline
Stevens, Harold Kahn, Jane Clary,
Bill Goldner, Ken Peters, and Mar
shall Dill.
The students chosen for the Sword
and Sandals reading of S. N. Beh
man's Broadway success, "Brief Mo
ment," which is to be held next
Thursday in the Little Theater are:
Jim Corner, Jack Beaty, Pauline
Stevens, Harold Kahn, Jane Clary,
Bill Goldner, Ken Peters, and Mar
shall Dill.
The students chosen for the Sword
and Sandals reading of S. N. Beh
man's Broadway success, "Brief Mo
ment," which is to be held next
Thursday in the Little Theater are:
Jim Corner, Jack Beaty, Pauline
Stevens, Harold Kahn, Jane Clary,
Bill Goldner, Ken Peters, and Mar
shall Dill.
The students chosen for the Sword
and Sandals reading of S. N. Beh
man's Broadway success, "Brief Mo
ment," which is to be held next
Thursday in the Little Theater are:
Jim Corner, Jack Beaty, Pauline
Stevens, Harold Kahn, Jane Clary,
Bill Goldner, Ken Peters, and Mar
shall Dill.
The students chosen for the Sword
and Sandals reading of S. N. Beh
man's Broadway success, "Brief Mo
ment," which is to be held next
Thursday in the Little Theater are:
Jim Corner, Jack Beaty, Pauline
Stevens, Harold Kahn, Jane Clary,
Bill Goldner, Ken Peters, and Mar
shall Dill.
The students chosen for the Sword
and Sandals reading of S. N. Beh
man's Broadway success, "Brief Mo
ment," which is to be held next
Thursday in the Little Theater are:
Jim Corner, Jack Beaty, Pauline
Stevens, Harold Kahn, Jane Clary,
Bill Goldner, Ken Peters, and Mar
shall Dill.
The students chosen for the Sword
and Sandals reading of S. N. Beh
man's Broadway success, "Brief Mo
ment," which is to be held next
Thursday in the Little Theater are:
Jim Corner, Jack Beaty, Pauline
Stevens, Harold Kahn, Jane Clary,
Bill Goldner, Ken Peters, and Mar
shall Dill.
The students chosen for the Sword
and Sandals reading of S. N. Beh
man's Broadway success, "Brief Mo
ment," which is to be held next
Thursday in the Little Theater are:
Jim Corner, Jack Beaty, Pauline
Stevens, Harold Kahn, Jane Clary,
Bill Goldner, Ken Peters, and Mar
shall Dill.
The students chosen for the Sword
and Sandals reading of S. N. Beh
man's Broadway success, "Brief Mo
ment," which is to be held next
Thursday in the Little Theater are:
Jim Corner, Jack Beaty, Pauline
Stevens, Harold Kahn, Jane Clary,
Bill Goldner, Ken Peters, and Mar
shall Dill.
The students chosen for the Sword
and Sandals reading of S. N. Beh
man's Broadway success, "Brief Mo
ment," which is to be held next
Thursday in the Little Theater are:
Jim Corner, Jack Beaty, Pauline
Stevens, Harold Kahn, Jane Clary,
Bill Goldner, Ken Peters, and Mar
shall Dill.
The students chosen for the Sword
and Sandals reading of S. N. Beh
man's Broadway success, "Brief Mo
ment," which is to be held next
Thursday in the Little Theater are:
Jim Corner, Jack Beaty, Pauline
Stevens, Harold Kahn, Jane Clary,
Bill Goldner, Ken Peters, and Mar
shall Dill.
