# MOTORS STRIKE ENDED
## 
### 
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Feb. 18 (U.R).—
Delmond Garst, international board
member of the United Automobile
Workers Union, tonight announced
termination of the sit-down strike
at the Chevrolet and Fisher Body
plants of General Motors here.
During 1934, the British board of
film censors handled 1000 miles of
film, comprising 1713 subjects, of
which 23 were rejected.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Feb. 18 (U.R).—
Delmond Garst, international board
member of the United Automobile
Workers Union, tonight announced
termination of the sit-down strike
at the Chevrolet and Fisher Body
plants of General Motors here.
During 1934, the British board of
film censors handled 1000 miles of
film, comprising 1713 subjects, of
which 23 were rejected.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Feb. 18 (U.R).—
Delmond Garst, international board
member of the United Automobile
Workers Union, tonight announced
termination of the sit-down strike
at the Chevrolet and Fisher Body
plants of General Motors here.
During 1934, the British board of
film censors handled 1000 miles of
film, comprising 1713 subjects, of
which 23 were rejected.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Feb. 18 (U.R).—
Delmond Garst, international board
member of the United Automobile
Workers Union, tonight announced
termination of the sit-down strike
at the Chevrolet and Fisher Body
plants of General Motors here.
During 1934, the British board of
film censors handled 1000 miles of
film, comprising 1713 subjects, of
which 23 were rejected.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Feb. 18 (U.R).—
Delmond Garst, international board
member of the United Automobile
Workers Union, tonight announced
termination of the sit-down strike
at the Chevrolet and Fisher Body
plants of General Motors here.
During 1934, the British board of
film censors handled 1000 miles of
film, comprising 1713 subjects, of
which 23 were rejected.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Feb. 18 (U.R).—
Delmond Garst, international board
member of the United Automobile
Workers Union, tonight announced
termination of the sit-down strike
at the Chevrolet and Fisher Body
plants of General Motors here.
During 1934, the British board of
film censors handled 1000 miles of
film, comprising 1713 subjects, of
which 23 were rejected.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Feb. 18 (U.R).—
Delmond Garst, international board
member of the United Automobile
Workers Union, tonight announced
termination of the sit-down strike
at the Chevrolet and Fisher Body
plants of General Motors here.
During 1934, the British board of
film censors handled 1000 miles of
film, comprising 1713 subjects, of
which 23 were rejected.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Feb. 18 (U.R).—
Delmond Garst, international board
member of the United Automobile
Workers Union, tonight announced
termination of the sit-down strike
at the Chevrolet and Fisher Body
plants of General Motors here.
During 1934, the British board of
film censors handled 1000 miles of
film, comprising 1713 subjects, of
which 23 were rejected.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Feb. 18 (U.R).—
Delmond Garst, international board
member of the United Automobile
Workers Union, tonight announced
termination of the sit-down strike
at the Chevrolet and Fisher Body
plants of General Motors here.
During 1934, the British board of
film censors handled 1000 miles of
film, comprising 1713 subjects, of
which 23 were rejected.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Feb. 18 (U.R).—
Delmond Garst, international board
member of the United Automobile
Workers Union, tonight announced
termination of the sit-down strike
at the Chevrolet and Fisher Body
plants of General Motors here.
During 1934, the British board of
film censors handled 1000 miles of
film, comprising 1713 subjects, of
which 23 were rejected.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Feb. 18 (U.R).—
Delmond Garst, international board
member of the United Automobile
Workers Union, tonight announced
termination of the sit-down strike
at the Chevrolet and Fisher Body
plants of General Motors here.
During 1934, the British board of
film censors handled 1000 miles of
film, comprising 1713 subjects, of
which 23 were rejected.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Feb. 18 (U.R).—
Delmond Garst, international board
member of the United Automobile
Workers Union, tonight announced
termination of the sit-down strike
at the Chevrolet and Fisher Body
plants of General Motors here.
During 1934, the British board of
film censors handled 1000 miles of
film, comprising 1713 subjects, of
which 23 were rejected.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Feb. 18 (U.R).—
Delmond Garst, international board
member of the United Automobile
Workers Union, tonight announced
termination of the sit-down strike
at the Chevrolet and Fisher Body
plants of General Motors here.
During 1934, the British board of
film censors handled 1000 miles of
film, comprising 1713 subjects, of
which 23 were rejected.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Feb. 18 (U.R).—
Delmond Garst, international board
member of the United Automobile
Workers Union, tonight announced
termination of the sit-down strike
at the Chevrolet and Fisher Body
plants of General Motors here.
During 1934, the British board of
film censors handled 1000 miles of
film, comprising 1713 subjects, of
which 23 were rejected.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Feb. 18 (U.R).—
Delmond Garst, international board
member of the United Automobile
Workers Union, tonight announced
termination of the sit-down strike
at the Chevrolet and Fisher Body
plants of General Motors here.
During 1934, the British board of
film censors handled 1000 miles of
film, comprising 1713 subjects, of
which 23 were rejected.
