# DAVIS CUP
## 
### 
NEW YORK. Feb. 18 (U.R).—ln
auguration of a new and important
policy of long-time planning to re
capture the Davis cup and to keep
it within United States shore lines
was announced tonight by the Uni
ted States Lawn Tennis Association.
NEW YORK. Feb. 18 (U.R).—ln
auguration of a new and important
policy of long-time planning to re
capture the Davis cup and to keep
it within United States shore lines
was announced tonight by the Uni
ted States Lawn Tennis Association.
NEW YORK. Feb. 18 (U.R).—ln
auguration of a new and important
policy of long-time planning to re
capture the Davis cup and to keep
it within United States shore lines
was announced tonight by the Uni
ted States Lawn Tennis Association.
NEW YORK. Feb. 18 (U.R).—ln
auguration of a new and important
policy of long-time planning to re
capture the Davis cup and to keep
it within United States shore lines
was announced tonight by the Uni
ted States Lawn Tennis Association.
NEW YORK. Feb. 18 (U.R).—ln
auguration of a new and important
policy of long-time planning to re
capture the Davis cup and to keep
it within United States shore lines
was announced tonight by the Uni
ted States Lawn Tennis Association.
NEW YORK. Feb. 18 (U.R).—ln
auguration of a new and important
policy of long-time planning to re
capture the Davis cup and to keep
it within United States shore lines
was announced tonight by the Uni
ted States Lawn Tennis Association.
NEW YORK. Feb. 18 (U.R).—ln
auguration of a new and important
policy of long-time planning to re
capture the Davis cup and to keep
it within United States shore lines
was announced tonight by the Uni
ted States Lawn Tennis Association.
NEW YORK. Feb. 18 (U.R).—ln
auguration of a new and important
policy of long-time planning to re
capture the Davis cup and to keep
it within United States shore lines
was announced tonight by the Uni
ted States Lawn Tennis Association.
NEW YORK. Feb. 18 (U.R).—ln
auguration of a new and important
policy of long-time planning to re
capture the Davis cup and to keep
it within United States shore lines
was announced tonight by the Uni
ted States Lawn Tennis Association.
NEW YORK. Feb. 18 (U.R).—ln
auguration of a new and important
policy of long-time planning to re
capture the Davis cup and to keep
it within United States shore lines
was announced tonight by the Uni
ted States Lawn Tennis Association.
NEW YORK. Feb. 18 (U.R).—ln
auguration of a new and important
policy of long-time planning to re
capture the Davis cup and to keep
it within United States shore lines
was announced tonight by the Uni
ted States Lawn Tennis Association.
NEW YORK. Feb. 18 (U.R).—ln
auguration of a new and important
policy of long-time planning to re
capture the Davis cup and to keep
it within United States shore lines
was announced tonight by the Uni
ted States Lawn Tennis Association.
NEW YORK. Feb. 18 (U.R).—ln
auguration of a new and important
policy of long-time planning to re
capture the Davis cup and to keep
it within United States shore lines
was announced tonight by the Uni
ted States Lawn Tennis Association.
NEW YORK. Feb. 18 (U.R).—ln
auguration of a new and important
policy of long-time planning to re
capture the Davis cup and to keep
it within United States shore lines
was announced tonight by the Uni
ted States Lawn Tennis Association.
NEW YORK. Feb. 18 (U.R).—ln
auguration of a new and important
policy of long-time planning to re
capture the Davis cup and to keep
it within United States shore lines
was announced tonight by the Uni
ted States Lawn Tennis Association.
