# DUST STORM SPREADS
## 
### 
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Feb. 18 (U.R).
—Dust storms which have raged in
termittently in the Southwest for
he past 10 days tonight took wing
and spread out thinly over a 1,500-
mile line across the Midwest.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Feb. 18 (U.R).
—Dust storms which have raged in
termittently in the Southwest for
he past 10 days tonight took wing
and spread out thinly over a 1,500-
mile line across the Midwest.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Feb. 18 (U.R).
—Dust storms which have raged in
termittently in the Southwest for
he past 10 days tonight took wing
and spread out thinly over a 1,500-
mile line across the Midwest.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Feb. 18 (U.R).
—Dust storms which have raged in
termittently in the Southwest for
he past 10 days tonight took wing
and spread out thinly over a 1,500-
mile line across the Midwest.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Feb. 18 (U.R).
—Dust storms which have raged in
termittently in the Southwest for
he past 10 days tonight took wing
and spread out thinly over a 1,500-
mile line across the Midwest.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Feb. 18 (U.R).
—Dust storms which have raged in
termittently in the Southwest for
he past 10 days tonight took wing
and spread out thinly over a 1,500-
mile line across the Midwest.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Feb. 18 (U.R).
—Dust storms which have raged in
termittently in the Southwest for
he past 10 days tonight took wing
and spread out thinly over a 1,500-
mile line across the Midwest.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Feb. 18 (U.R).
—Dust storms which have raged in
termittently in the Southwest for
he past 10 days tonight took wing
and spread out thinly over a 1,500-
mile line across the Midwest.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Feb. 18 (U.R).
—Dust storms which have raged in
termittently in the Southwest for
he past 10 days tonight took wing
and spread out thinly over a 1,500-
mile line across the Midwest.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Feb. 18 (U.R).
—Dust storms which have raged in
termittently in the Southwest for
he past 10 days tonight took wing
and spread out thinly over a 1,500-
mile line across the Midwest.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Feb. 18 (U.R).
—Dust storms which have raged in
termittently in the Southwest for
he past 10 days tonight took wing
and spread out thinly over a 1,500-
mile line across the Midwest.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Feb. 18 (U.R).
—Dust storms which have raged in
termittently in the Southwest for
he past 10 days tonight took wing
and spread out thinly over a 1,500-
mile line across the Midwest.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Feb. 18 (U.R).
—Dust storms which have raged in
termittently in the Southwest for
he past 10 days tonight took wing
and spread out thinly over a 1,500-
mile line across the Midwest.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Feb. 18 (U.R).
—Dust storms which have raged in
termittently in the Southwest for
he past 10 days tonight took wing
and spread out thinly over a 1,500-
mile line across the Midwest.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Feb. 18 (U.R).
—Dust storms which have raged in
termittently in the Southwest for
he past 10 days tonight took wing
and spread out thinly over a 1,500-
mile line across the Midwest.
