# 'Mr. Deeds' Shown To Cinema Class
## 
### 
Because it was outstanding in its
camera, cutting, and production I
techniques, "Mr. Deeds Goes to
Town," Frank Capra's comcdy with
Gafy Cooper and Jean Arthur, was
shown to students of Lectures on the
Motion Picture in the Little Theater
last night.
After the film had been run
through with sound, Instructor Dan i
Mendelowitz explained its merits,
showed one reel again withuot the
sound to emphasize the effect of
"film editing." Columbia Pictures
loaned the picture to Stanford for
study.
Because it was outstanding in its
camera, cutting, and production I
techniques, "Mr. Deeds Goes to
Town," Frank Capra's comcdy with
Gafy Cooper and Jean Arthur, was
shown to students of Lectures on the
Motion Picture in the Little Theater
last night.
After the film had been run
through with sound, Instructor Dan i
Mendelowitz explained its merits,
showed one reel again withuot the
sound to emphasize the effect of
"film editing." Columbia Pictures
loaned the picture to Stanford for
study.
Because it was outstanding in its
camera, cutting, and production I
techniques, "Mr. Deeds Goes to
Town," Frank Capra's comcdy with
Gafy Cooper and Jean Arthur, was
shown to students of Lectures on the
Motion Picture in the Little Theater
last night.
After the film had been run
through with sound, Instructor Dan i
Mendelowitz explained its merits,
showed one reel again withuot the
sound to emphasize the effect of
"film editing." Columbia Pictures
loaned the picture to Stanford for
study.
Because it was outstanding in its
camera, cutting, and production I
techniques, "Mr. Deeds Goes to
Town," Frank Capra's comcdy with
Gafy Cooper and Jean Arthur, was
shown to students of Lectures on the
Motion Picture in the Little Theater
last night.
After the film had been run
through with sound, Instructor Dan i
Mendelowitz explained its merits,
showed one reel again withuot the
sound to emphasize the effect of
"film editing." Columbia Pictures
loaned the picture to Stanford for
study.
Because it was outstanding in its
camera, cutting, and production I
techniques, "Mr. Deeds Goes to
Town," Frank Capra's comcdy with
Gafy Cooper and Jean Arthur, was
shown to students of Lectures on the
Motion Picture in the Little Theater
last night.
After the film had been run
through with sound, Instructor Dan i
Mendelowitz explained its merits,
showed one reel again withuot the
sound to emphasize the effect of
"film editing." Columbia Pictures
loaned the picture to Stanford for
study.
Because it was outstanding in its
camera, cutting, and production I
techniques, "Mr. Deeds Goes to
Town," Frank Capra's comcdy with
Gafy Cooper and Jean Arthur, was
shown to students of Lectures on the
Motion Picture in the Little Theater
last night.
After the film had been run
through with sound, Instructor Dan i
Mendelowitz explained its merits,
showed one reel again withuot the
sound to emphasize the effect of
"film editing." Columbia Pictures
loaned the picture to Stanford for
study.
Because it was outstanding in its
camera, cutting, and production I
techniques, "Mr. Deeds Goes to
Town," Frank Capra's comcdy with
Gafy Cooper and Jean Arthur, was
shown to students of Lectures on the
Motion Picture in the Little Theater
last night.
After the film had been run
through with sound, Instructor Dan i
Mendelowitz explained its merits,
showed one reel again withuot the
sound to emphasize the effect of
"film editing." Columbia Pictures
loaned the picture to Stanford for
study.
Because it was outstanding in its
camera, cutting, and production I
techniques, "Mr. Deeds Goes to
Town," Frank Capra's comcdy with
Gafy Cooper and Jean Arthur, was
shown to students of Lectures on the
Motion Picture in the Little Theater
last night.
After the film had been run
through with sound, Instructor Dan i
Mendelowitz explained its merits,
showed one reel again withuot the
sound to emphasize the effect of
"film editing." Columbia Pictures
loaned the picture to Stanford for
study.
Because it was outstanding in its
camera, cutting, and production I
techniques, "Mr. Deeds Goes to
Town," Frank Capra's comcdy with
Gafy Cooper and Jean Arthur, was
shown to students of Lectures on the
Motion Picture in the Little Theater
last night.
After the film had been run
through with sound, Instructor Dan i
Mendelowitz explained its merits,
showed one reel again withuot the
sound to emphasize the effect of
"film editing." Columbia Pictures
loaned the picture to Stanford for
study.
Because it was outstanding in its
camera, cutting, and production I
techniques, "Mr. Deeds Goes to
Town," Frank Capra's comcdy with
Gafy Cooper and Jean Arthur, was
shown to students of Lectures on the
Motion Picture in the Little Theater
last night.
After the film had been run
through with sound, Instructor Dan i
Mendelowitz explained its merits,
showed one reel again withuot the
sound to emphasize the effect of
"film editing." Columbia Pictures
loaned the picture to Stanford for
study.
Because it was outstanding in its
camera, cutting, and production I
techniques, "Mr. Deeds Goes to
Town," Frank Capra's comcdy with
Gafy Cooper and Jean Arthur, was
shown to students of Lectures on the
Motion Picture in the Little Theater
last night.
After the film had been run
through with sound, Instructor Dan i
Mendelowitz explained its merits,
showed one reel again withuot the
sound to emphasize the effect of
"film editing." Columbia Pictures
loaned the picture to Stanford for
study.
Because it was outstanding in its
camera, cutting, and production I
techniques, "Mr. Deeds Goes to
Town," Frank Capra's comcdy with
Gafy Cooper and Jean Arthur, was
shown to students of Lectures on the
Motion Picture in the Little Theater
last night.
After the film had been run
through with sound, Instructor Dan i
Mendelowitz explained its merits,
showed one reel again withuot the
sound to emphasize the effect of
"film editing." Columbia Pictures
loaned the picture to Stanford for
study.
Because it was outstanding in its
camera, cutting, and production I
techniques, "Mr. Deeds Goes to
Town," Frank Capra's comcdy with
Gafy Cooper and Jean Arthur, was
shown to students of Lectures on the
Motion Picture in the Little Theater
last night.
After the film had been run
through with sound, Instructor Dan i
Mendelowitz explained its merits,
showed one reel again withuot the
sound to emphasize the effect of
"film editing." Columbia Pictures
loaned the picture to Stanford for
study.
Because it was outstanding in its
camera, cutting, and production I
techniques, "Mr. Deeds Goes to
Town," Frank Capra's comcdy with
Gafy Cooper and Jean Arthur, was
shown to students of Lectures on the
Motion Picture in the Little Theater
last night.
After the film had been run
through with sound, Instructor Dan i
Mendelowitz explained its merits,
showed one reel again withuot the
sound to emphasize the effect of
"film editing." Columbia Pictures
loaned the picture to Stanford for
study.
Because it was outstanding in its
camera, cutting, and production I
techniques, "Mr. Deeds Goes to
Town," Frank Capra's comcdy with
Gafy Cooper and Jean Arthur, was
shown to students of Lectures on the
Motion Picture in the Little Theater
last night.
After the film had been run
through with sound, Instructor Dan i
Mendelowitz explained its merits,
showed one reel again withuot the
sound to emphasize the effect of
"film editing." Columbia Pictures
loaned the picture to Stanford for
study.
