# Marry Today Year To Pay
## 
### 
Getting married?
If you're figuring on being hitched,
Franklin Mittau, justice of the peace
at Stamford, Connecticut, offers to
do the splicing on the installment
plan.
His Honor sends out penny post
cards on which Ls the following
proposition:
'"This card will entitle one couple
to have their marriage ceremony
performed in 1937 and pay for it in
1938. Write or phone in advance."
Person-to-person phone rates to
Stamford, Connecticut, are $6.95 in
cluding tax.
Getting married?
If you're figuring on being hitched,
Franklin Mittau, justice of the peace
at Stamford, Connecticut, offers to
do the splicing on the installment
plan.
His Honor sends out penny post
cards on which Ls the following
proposition:
'"This card will entitle one couple
to have their marriage ceremony
performed in 1937 and pay for it in
1938. Write or phone in advance."
Person-to-person phone rates to
Stamford, Connecticut, are $6.95 in
cluding tax.
Getting married?
If you're figuring on being hitched,
Franklin Mittau, justice of the peace
at Stamford, Connecticut, offers to
do the splicing on the installment
plan.
His Honor sends out penny post
cards on which Ls the following
proposition:
'"This card will entitle one couple
to have their marriage ceremony
performed in 1937 and pay for it in
1938. Write or phone in advance."
Person-to-person phone rates to
Stamford, Connecticut, are $6.95 in
cluding tax.
Getting married?
If you're figuring on being hitched,
Franklin Mittau, justice of the peace
at Stamford, Connecticut, offers to
do the splicing on the installment
plan.
His Honor sends out penny post
cards on which Ls the following
proposition:
'"This card will entitle one couple
to have their marriage ceremony
performed in 1937 and pay for it in
1938. Write or phone in advance."
Person-to-person phone rates to
Stamford, Connecticut, are $6.95 in
cluding tax.
Getting married?
If you're figuring on being hitched,
Franklin Mittau, justice of the peace
at Stamford, Connecticut, offers to
do the splicing on the installment
plan.
His Honor sends out penny post
cards on which Ls the following
proposition:
'"This card will entitle one couple
to have their marriage ceremony
performed in 1937 and pay for it in
1938. Write or phone in advance."
Person-to-person phone rates to
Stamford, Connecticut, are $6.95 in
cluding tax.
Getting married?
If you're figuring on being hitched,
Franklin Mittau, justice of the peace
at Stamford, Connecticut, offers to
do the splicing on the installment
plan.
His Honor sends out penny post
cards on which Ls the following
proposition:
'"This card will entitle one couple
to have their marriage ceremony
performed in 1937 and pay for it in
1938. Write or phone in advance."
Person-to-person phone rates to
Stamford, Connecticut, are $6.95 in
cluding tax.
Getting married?
If you're figuring on being hitched,
Franklin Mittau, justice of the peace
at Stamford, Connecticut, offers to
do the splicing on the installment
plan.
His Honor sends out penny post
cards on which Ls the following
proposition:
'"This card will entitle one couple
to have their marriage ceremony
performed in 1937 and pay for it in
1938. Write or phone in advance."
Person-to-person phone rates to
Stamford, Connecticut, are $6.95 in
cluding tax.
Getting married?
If you're figuring on being hitched,
Franklin Mittau, justice of the peace
at Stamford, Connecticut, offers to
do the splicing on the installment
plan.
His Honor sends out penny post
cards on which Ls the following
proposition:
'"This card will entitle one couple
to have their marriage ceremony
performed in 1937 and pay for it in
1938. Write or phone in advance."
Person-to-person phone rates to
Stamford, Connecticut, are $6.95 in
cluding tax.
Getting married?
If you're figuring on being hitched,
Franklin Mittau, justice of the peace
at Stamford, Connecticut, offers to
do the splicing on the installment
plan.
His Honor sends out penny post
cards on which Ls the following
proposition:
'"This card will entitle one couple
to have their marriage ceremony
performed in 1937 and pay for it in
1938. Write or phone in advance."
Person-to-person phone rates to
Stamford, Connecticut, are $6.95 in
cluding tax.
Getting married?
If you're figuring on being hitched,
Franklin Mittau, justice of the peace
at Stamford, Connecticut, offers to
do the splicing on the installment
plan.
His Honor sends out penny post
cards on which Ls the following
proposition:
'"This card will entitle one couple
to have their marriage ceremony
performed in 1937 and pay for it in
1938. Write or phone in advance."
Person-to-person phone rates to
Stamford, Connecticut, are $6.95 in
cluding tax.
Getting married?
If you're figuring on being hitched,
Franklin Mittau, justice of the peace
at Stamford, Connecticut, offers to
do the splicing on the installment
plan.
His Honor sends out penny post
cards on which Ls the following
proposition:
'"This card will entitle one couple
to have their marriage ceremony
performed in 1937 and pay for it in
1938. Write or phone in advance."
Person-to-person phone rates to
Stamford, Connecticut, are $6.95 in
cluding tax.
Getting married?
If you're figuring on being hitched,
Franklin Mittau, justice of the peace
at Stamford, Connecticut, offers to
do the splicing on the installment
plan.
His Honor sends out penny post
cards on which Ls the following
proposition:
'"This card will entitle one couple
to have their marriage ceremony
performed in 1937 and pay for it in
1938. Write or phone in advance."
Person-to-person phone rates to
Stamford, Connecticut, are $6.95 in
cluding tax.
Getting married?
If you're figuring on being hitched,
Franklin Mittau, justice of the peace
at Stamford, Connecticut, offers to
do the splicing on the installment
plan.
His Honor sends out penny post
cards on which Ls the following
proposition:
'"This card will entitle one couple
to have their marriage ceremony
performed in 1937 and pay for it in
1938. Write or phone in advance."
Person-to-person phone rates to
Stamford, Connecticut, are $6.95 in
cluding tax.
Getting married?
If you're figuring on being hitched,
Franklin Mittau, justice of the peace
at Stamford, Connecticut, offers to
do the splicing on the installment
plan.
His Honor sends out penny post
cards on which Ls the following
proposition:
'"This card will entitle one couple
to have their marriage ceremony
performed in 1937 and pay for it in
1938. Write or phone in advance."
Person-to-person phone rates to
Stamford, Connecticut, are $6.95 in
cluding tax.
Getting married?
If you're figuring on being hitched,
Franklin Mittau, justice of the peace
at Stamford, Connecticut, offers to
do the splicing on the installment
plan.
His Honor sends out penny post
cards on which Ls the following
proposition:
'"This card will entitle one couple
to have their marriage ceremony
performed in 1937 and pay for it in
1938. Write or phone in advance."
Person-to-person phone rates to
Stamford, Connecticut, are $6.95 in
cluding tax.
