# JUNIORS TO MEET
## 
### 
Junior class committee — Peg
Woodard, Tom Ki liefer, Isabel
Goldthwaite, Jim RansohofT, Marga
ret Loud, Wawne Richardson, and
•lack Calderwood -will meet tonight
at the Pi Phi House to discuss plans
for the coming year, to consider the
p< ssibility of a permanent junior
class committee.
Junior class committee — Peg
Woodard, Tom Ki liefer, Isabel
Goldthwaite, Jim RansohofT, Marga
ret Loud, Wawne Richardson, and
•lack Calderwood -will meet tonight
at the Pi Phi House to discuss plans
for the coming year, to consider the
p< ssibility of a permanent junior
class committee.
Junior class committee — Peg
Woodard, Tom Ki liefer, Isabel
Goldthwaite, Jim RansohofT, Marga
ret Loud, Wawne Richardson, and
•lack Calderwood -will meet tonight
at the Pi Phi House to discuss plans
for the coming year, to consider the
p< ssibility of a permanent junior
class committee.
Junior class committee — Peg
Woodard, Tom Ki liefer, Isabel
Goldthwaite, Jim RansohofT, Marga
ret Loud, Wawne Richardson, and
•lack Calderwood -will meet tonight
at the Pi Phi House to discuss plans
for the coming year, to consider the
p< ssibility of a permanent junior
class committee.
Junior class committee — Peg
Woodard, Tom Ki liefer, Isabel
Goldthwaite, Jim RansohofT, Marga
ret Loud, Wawne Richardson, and
•lack Calderwood -will meet tonight
at the Pi Phi House to discuss plans
for the coming year, to consider the
p< ssibility of a permanent junior
class committee.
Junior class committee — Peg
Woodard, Tom Ki liefer, Isabel
Goldthwaite, Jim RansohofT, Marga
ret Loud, Wawne Richardson, and
•lack Calderwood -will meet tonight
at the Pi Phi House to discuss plans
for the coming year, to consider the
p< ssibility of a permanent junior
class committee.
Junior class committee — Peg
Woodard, Tom Ki liefer, Isabel
Goldthwaite, Jim RansohofT, Marga
ret Loud, Wawne Richardson, and
•lack Calderwood -will meet tonight
at the Pi Phi House to discuss plans
for the coming year, to consider the
p< ssibility of a permanent junior
class committee.
Junior class committee — Peg
Woodard, Tom Ki liefer, Isabel
Goldthwaite, Jim RansohofT, Marga
ret Loud, Wawne Richardson, and
•lack Calderwood -will meet tonight
at the Pi Phi House to discuss plans
for the coming year, to consider the
p< ssibility of a permanent junior
class committee.
Junior class committee — Peg
Woodard, Tom Ki liefer, Isabel
Goldthwaite, Jim RansohofT, Marga
ret Loud, Wawne Richardson, and
•lack Calderwood -will meet tonight
at the Pi Phi House to discuss plans
for the coming year, to consider the
p< ssibility of a permanent junior
class committee.
Junior class committee — Peg
Woodard, Tom Ki liefer, Isabel
Goldthwaite, Jim RansohofT, Marga
ret Loud, Wawne Richardson, and
•lack Calderwood -will meet tonight
at the Pi Phi House to discuss plans
for the coming year, to consider the
p< ssibility of a permanent junior
class committee.
Junior class committee — Peg
Woodard, Tom Ki liefer, Isabel
Goldthwaite, Jim RansohofT, Marga
ret Loud, Wawne Richardson, and
•lack Calderwood -will meet tonight
at the Pi Phi House to discuss plans
for the coming year, to consider the
p< ssibility of a permanent junior
class committee.
Junior class committee — Peg
Woodard, Tom Ki liefer, Isabel
Goldthwaite, Jim RansohofT, Marga
ret Loud, Wawne Richardson, and
•lack Calderwood -will meet tonight
at the Pi Phi House to discuss plans
for the coming year, to consider the
p< ssibility of a permanent junior
class committee.
Junior class committee — Peg
Woodard, Tom Ki liefer, Isabel
Goldthwaite, Jim RansohofT, Marga
ret Loud, Wawne Richardson, and
•lack Calderwood -will meet tonight
at the Pi Phi House to discuss plans
for the coming year, to consider the
p< ssibility of a permanent junior
class committee.
Junior class committee — Peg
Woodard, Tom Ki liefer, Isabel
Goldthwaite, Jim RansohofT, Marga
ret Loud, Wawne Richardson, and
•lack Calderwood -will meet tonight
at the Pi Phi House to discuss plans
for the coming year, to consider the
p< ssibility of a permanent junior
class committee.
Junior class committee — Peg
Woodard, Tom Ki liefer, Isabel
Goldthwaite, Jim RansohofT, Marga
ret Loud, Wawne Richardson, and
•lack Calderwood -will meet tonight
at the Pi Phi House to discuss plans
for the coming year, to consider the
p< ssibility of a permanent junior
class committee.
Junior class committee — Peg
Woodard, Tom Ki liefer, Isabel
Goldthwaite, Jim RansohofT, Marga
ret Loud, Wawne Richardson, and
•lack Calderwood -will meet tonight
at the Pi Phi House to discuss plans
for the coming year, to consider the
p< ssibility of a permanent junior
class committee.
