# L.A. 'Black Legion' Revealed as Hoax
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, Oct. M </}>).— A
"Black Legion" scare which sent po
lice undercover men scurrying
through the city ferreting out a
Southern California chapter of De
troit's notorious secret society, to
night was branded by police as Hol
lywood's "most brazen publicity
hoax."
Captain William Hines of the un
dercover squad said it has been defi
nitely established that garments of
the supposed Black Legion branch
found here yesterday were film cos
tumes tossed out on a sidewalk as
publicity bait by an ambitious press
agent.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. M </}>).— A
"Black Legion" scare which sent po
lice undercover men scurrying
through the city ferreting out a
Southern California chapter of De
troit's notorious secret society, to
night was branded by police as Hol
lywood's "most brazen publicity
hoax."
Captain William Hines of the un
dercover squad said it has been defi
nitely established that garments of
the supposed Black Legion branch
found here yesterday were film cos
tumes tossed out on a sidewalk as
publicity bait by an ambitious press
agent.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. M </}>).— A
"Black Legion" scare which sent po
lice undercover men scurrying
through the city ferreting out a
Southern California chapter of De
troit's notorious secret society, to
night was branded by police as Hol
lywood's "most brazen publicity
hoax."
Captain William Hines of the un
dercover squad said it has been defi
nitely established that garments of
the supposed Black Legion branch
found here yesterday were film cos
tumes tossed out on a sidewalk as
publicity bait by an ambitious press
agent.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. M </}>).— A
"Black Legion" scare which sent po
lice undercover men scurrying
through the city ferreting out a
Southern California chapter of De
troit's notorious secret society, to
night was branded by police as Hol
lywood's "most brazen publicity
hoax."
Captain William Hines of the un
dercover squad said it has been defi
nitely established that garments of
the supposed Black Legion branch
found here yesterday were film cos
tumes tossed out on a sidewalk as
publicity bait by an ambitious press
agent.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. M </}>).— A
"Black Legion" scare which sent po
lice undercover men scurrying
through the city ferreting out a
Southern California chapter of De
troit's notorious secret society, to
night was branded by police as Hol
lywood's "most brazen publicity
hoax."
Captain William Hines of the un
dercover squad said it has been defi
nitely established that garments of
the supposed Black Legion branch
found here yesterday were film cos
tumes tossed out on a sidewalk as
publicity bait by an ambitious press
agent.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. M </}>).— A
"Black Legion" scare which sent po
lice undercover men scurrying
through the city ferreting out a
Southern California chapter of De
troit's notorious secret society, to
night was branded by police as Hol
lywood's "most brazen publicity
hoax."
Captain William Hines of the un
dercover squad said it has been defi
nitely established that garments of
the supposed Black Legion branch
found here yesterday were film cos
tumes tossed out on a sidewalk as
publicity bait by an ambitious press
agent.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. M </}>).— A
"Black Legion" scare which sent po
lice undercover men scurrying
through the city ferreting out a
Southern California chapter of De
troit's notorious secret society, to
night was branded by police as Hol
lywood's "most brazen publicity
hoax."
Captain William Hines of the un
dercover squad said it has been defi
nitely established that garments of
the supposed Black Legion branch
found here yesterday were film cos
tumes tossed out on a sidewalk as
publicity bait by an ambitious press
agent.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. M </}>).— A
"Black Legion" scare which sent po
lice undercover men scurrying
through the city ferreting out a
Southern California chapter of De
troit's notorious secret society, to
night was branded by police as Hol
lywood's "most brazen publicity
hoax."
Captain William Hines of the un
dercover squad said it has been defi
nitely established that garments of
the supposed Black Legion branch
found here yesterday were film cos
tumes tossed out on a sidewalk as
publicity bait by an ambitious press
agent.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. M </}>).— A
"Black Legion" scare which sent po
lice undercover men scurrying
through the city ferreting out a
Southern California chapter of De
troit's notorious secret society, to
night was branded by police as Hol
lywood's "most brazen publicity
hoax."
Captain William Hines of the un
dercover squad said it has been defi
nitely established that garments of
the supposed Black Legion branch
found here yesterday were film cos
tumes tossed out on a sidewalk as
publicity bait by an ambitious press
agent.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. M </}>).— A
"Black Legion" scare which sent po
lice undercover men scurrying
through the city ferreting out a
Southern California chapter of De
troit's notorious secret society, to
night was branded by police as Hol
lywood's "most brazen publicity
hoax."
Captain William Hines of the un
dercover squad said it has been defi
nitely established that garments of
the supposed Black Legion branch
found here yesterday were film cos
tumes tossed out on a sidewalk as
publicity bait by an ambitious press
agent.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. M </}>).— A
"Black Legion" scare which sent po
lice undercover men scurrying
through the city ferreting out a
Southern California chapter of De
troit's notorious secret society, to
night was branded by police as Hol
lywood's "most brazen publicity
hoax."
Captain William Hines of the un
dercover squad said it has been defi
nitely established that garments of
the supposed Black Legion branch
found here yesterday were film cos
tumes tossed out on a sidewalk as
publicity bait by an ambitious press
agent.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. M </}>).— A
"Black Legion" scare which sent po
lice undercover men scurrying
through the city ferreting out a
Southern California chapter of De
troit's notorious secret society, to
night was branded by police as Hol
lywood's "most brazen publicity
hoax."
Captain William Hines of the un
dercover squad said it has been defi
nitely established that garments of
the supposed Black Legion branch
found here yesterday were film cos
tumes tossed out on a sidewalk as
publicity bait by an ambitious press
agent.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. M </}>).— A
"Black Legion" scare which sent po
lice undercover men scurrying
through the city ferreting out a
Southern California chapter of De
troit's notorious secret society, to
night was branded by police as Hol
lywood's "most brazen publicity
hoax."
Captain William Hines of the un
dercover squad said it has been defi
nitely established that garments of
the supposed Black Legion branch
found here yesterday were film cos
tumes tossed out on a sidewalk as
publicity bait by an ambitious press
agent.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. M </}>).— A
"Black Legion" scare which sent po
lice undercover men scurrying
through the city ferreting out a
Southern California chapter of De
troit's notorious secret society, to
night was branded by police as Hol
lywood's "most brazen publicity
hoax."
Captain William Hines of the un
dercover squad said it has been defi
nitely established that garments of
the supposed Black Legion branch
found here yesterday were film cos
tumes tossed out on a sidewalk as
publicity bait by an ambitious press
agent.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. M </}>).— A
"Black Legion" scare which sent po
lice undercover men scurrying
through the city ferreting out a
Southern California chapter of De
troit's notorious secret society, to
night was branded by police as Hol
lywood's "most brazen publicity
hoax."
Captain William Hines of the un
dercover squad said it has been defi
nitely established that garments of
the supposed Black Legion branch
found here yesterday were film cos
tumes tossed out on a sidewalk as
publicity bait by an ambitious press
agent.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. M </}>).— A
"Black Legion" scare which sent po
lice undercover men scurrying
through the city ferreting out a
Southern California chapter of De
troit's notorious secret society, to
night was branded by police as Hol
lywood's "most brazen publicity
hoax."
Captain William Hines of the un
dercover squad said it has been defi
nitely established that garments of
the supposed Black Legion branch
found here yesterday were film cos
tumes tossed out on a sidewalk as
publicity bait by an ambitious press
agent.
