# BAWLOUTS MONDAY
## 
### 
Bawlouts will be available to th<
students Monday at the cashier's of
fice. Fifteen cenls plus one ceni
sales tax will buy the sad new:
about units and grade points.
Bawlouts will be available to th<
students Monday at the cashier's of
fice. Fifteen cenls plus one ceni
sales tax will buy the sad new:
about units and grade points.
Bawlouts will be available to th<
students Monday at the cashier's of
fice. Fifteen cenls plus one ceni
sales tax will buy the sad new:
about units and grade points.
Bawlouts will be available to th<
students Monday at the cashier's of
fice. Fifteen cenls plus one ceni
sales tax will buy the sad new:
about units and grade points.
Bawlouts will be available to th<
students Monday at the cashier's of
fice. Fifteen cenls plus one ceni
sales tax will buy the sad new:
about units and grade points.
Bawlouts will be available to th<
students Monday at the cashier's of
fice. Fifteen cenls plus one ceni
sales tax will buy the sad new:
about units and grade points.
Bawlouts will be available to th<
students Monday at the cashier's of
fice. Fifteen cenls plus one ceni
sales tax will buy the sad new:
about units and grade points.
Bawlouts will be available to th<
students Monday at the cashier's of
fice. Fifteen cenls plus one ceni
sales tax will buy the sad new:
about units and grade points.
Bawlouts will be available to th<
students Monday at the cashier's of
fice. Fifteen cenls plus one ceni
sales tax will buy the sad new:
about units and grade points.
Bawlouts will be available to th<
students Monday at the cashier's of
fice. Fifteen cenls plus one ceni
sales tax will buy the sad new:
about units and grade points.
Bawlouts will be available to th<
students Monday at the cashier's of
fice. Fifteen cenls plus one ceni
sales tax will buy the sad new:
about units and grade points.
Bawlouts will be available to th<
students Monday at the cashier's of
fice. Fifteen cenls plus one ceni
sales tax will buy the sad new:
about units and grade points.
Bawlouts will be available to th<
students Monday at the cashier's of
fice. Fifteen cenls plus one ceni
sales tax will buy the sad new:
about units and grade points.
Bawlouts will be available to th<
students Monday at the cashier's of
fice. Fifteen cenls plus one ceni
sales tax will buy the sad new:
about units and grade points.
Bawlouts will be available to th<
students Monday at the cashier's of
fice. Fifteen cenls plus one ceni
sales tax will buy the sad new:
about units and grade points.
Bawlouts will be available to th<
students Monday at the cashier's of
fice. Fifteen cenls plus one ceni
sales tax will buy the sad new:
about units and grade points.
