# Bulletin Board
## 
### 
Voting: Foils open from 8:30 to 2
o'clock today at Law Steps.
Clearing House: Women leaders of
caihpus organizations will meet at
4 o'clock today in Dean Yost's Of
fice.
Physics Journal Club: Meets at 4:15
this afternoon in Room 390. Pro
fessor Kirkpatrick will talk.
Jolly-up: Roble jolly-up for all
campus men from 7 to 8 o'clock
tonight in Women's Gym.
Flying Club: Meets at 7:30 tonight at
Palo Alto airport.
Junior Class Committee: Meets to
night at the Pi Phi House.
Education School: Majors and fac
ulty members meet at 7:30 tonight
in the Women's Clubhouse.
Young Democrats: Executive com
mittee meeting tonight at 7:30 in
Main Union Lobby.
Rally Committee: Meets at 8:15 to
night in the Old Union.
