# LOUIS TO RETIRE IN '48
## 
### 
NEW YORK, April 24 (UP).—
Heavyweight Champion Joe Louis,
whose fists have earned $3,160,000
while disposing of a record 23 chal
lengers, today turned down a June
title defense because there is no
suitable opponent and announced he
would retire after two more fights.
"I'll fight once this year, in Sep
tember, and once more in 1948." the
champion said. "That will be the
end, definitely."
NEW YORK, April 24 (UP).—
Heavyweight Champion Joe Louis,
whose fists have earned $3,160,000
while disposing of a record 23 chal
lengers, today turned down a June
title defense because there is no
suitable opponent and announced he
would retire after two more fights.
"I'll fight once this year, in Sep
tember, and once more in 1948." the
champion said. "That will be the
end, definitely."
NEW YORK, April 24 (UP).—
Heavyweight Champion Joe Louis,
whose fists have earned $3,160,000
while disposing of a record 23 chal
lengers, today turned down a June
title defense because there is no
suitable opponent and announced he
would retire after two more fights.
"I'll fight once this year, in Sep
tember, and once more in 1948." the
champion said. "That will be the
end, definitely."
NEW YORK, April 24 (UP).—
Heavyweight Champion Joe Louis,
whose fists have earned $3,160,000
while disposing of a record 23 chal
lengers, today turned down a June
title defense because there is no
suitable opponent and announced he
would retire after two more fights.
"I'll fight once this year, in Sep
tember, and once more in 1948." the
champion said. "That will be the
end, definitely."
NEW YORK, April 24 (UP).—
Heavyweight Champion Joe Louis,
whose fists have earned $3,160,000
while disposing of a record 23 chal
lengers, today turned down a June
title defense because there is no
suitable opponent and announced he
would retire after two more fights.
"I'll fight once this year, in Sep
tember, and once more in 1948." the
champion said. "That will be the
end, definitely."
NEW YORK, April 24 (UP).—
Heavyweight Champion Joe Louis,
whose fists have earned $3,160,000
while disposing of a record 23 chal
lengers, today turned down a June
title defense because there is no
suitable opponent and announced he
would retire after two more fights.
"I'll fight once this year, in Sep
tember, and once more in 1948." the
champion said. "That will be the
end, definitely."
NEW YORK, April 24 (UP).—
Heavyweight Champion Joe Louis,
whose fists have earned $3,160,000
while disposing of a record 23 chal
lengers, today turned down a June
title defense because there is no
suitable opponent and announced he
would retire after two more fights.
"I'll fight once this year, in Sep
tember, and once more in 1948." the
champion said. "That will be the
end, definitely."
NEW YORK, April 24 (UP).—
Heavyweight Champion Joe Louis,
whose fists have earned $3,160,000
while disposing of a record 23 chal
lengers, today turned down a June
title defense because there is no
suitable opponent and announced he
would retire after two more fights.
"I'll fight once this year, in Sep
tember, and once more in 1948." the
champion said. "That will be the
end, definitely."
NEW YORK, April 24 (UP).—
Heavyweight Champion Joe Louis,
whose fists have earned $3,160,000
while disposing of a record 23 chal
lengers, today turned down a June
title defense because there is no
suitable opponent and announced he
would retire after two more fights.
"I'll fight once this year, in Sep
tember, and once more in 1948." the
champion said. "That will be the
end, definitely."
NEW YORK, April 24 (UP).—
Heavyweight Champion Joe Louis,
whose fists have earned $3,160,000
while disposing of a record 23 chal
lengers, today turned down a June
title defense because there is no
suitable opponent and announced he
would retire after two more fights.
"I'll fight once this year, in Sep
tember, and once more in 1948." the
champion said. "That will be the
end, definitely."
NEW YORK, April 24 (UP).—
Heavyweight Champion Joe Louis,
whose fists have earned $3,160,000
while disposing of a record 23 chal
lengers, today turned down a June
title defense because there is no
suitable opponent and announced he
would retire after two more fights.
"I'll fight once this year, in Sep
tember, and once more in 1948." the
champion said. "That will be the
end, definitely."
NEW YORK, April 24 (UP).—
Heavyweight Champion Joe Louis,
whose fists have earned $3,160,000
while disposing of a record 23 chal
lengers, today turned down a June
title defense because there is no
suitable opponent and announced he
would retire after two more fights.
"I'll fight once this year, in Sep
tember, and once more in 1948." the
champion said. "That will be the
end, definitely."
NEW YORK, April 24 (UP).—
Heavyweight Champion Joe Louis,
whose fists have earned $3,160,000
while disposing of a record 23 chal
lengers, today turned down a June
title defense because there is no
suitable opponent and announced he
would retire after two more fights.
"I'll fight once this year, in Sep
tember, and once more in 1948." the
champion said. "That will be the
end, definitely."
NEW YORK, April 24 (UP).—
Heavyweight Champion Joe Louis,
whose fists have earned $3,160,000
while disposing of a record 23 chal
lengers, today turned down a June
title defense because there is no
suitable opponent and announced he
would retire after two more fights.
"I'll fight once this year, in Sep
tember, and once more in 1948." the
champion said. "That will be the
end, definitely."
NEW YORK, April 24 (UP).—
Heavyweight Champion Joe Louis,
whose fists have earned $3,160,000
while disposing of a record 23 chal
lengers, today turned down a June
title defense because there is no
suitable opponent and announced he
would retire after two more fights.
"I'll fight once this year, in Sep
tember, and once more in 1948." the
champion said. "That will be the
end, definitely."
