# Chinese Club Plans Annual Alumni Dinner
## 
### 
The Chinese Club planned its an
nual alumni dinner, which is to be
held at Hang Far Low restaurant in
San Francisco at 7 p.m. today, ac
cording to Jack Quan, president.
The Chinese Club planned its an
nual alumni dinner, which is to be
held at Hang Far Low restaurant in
San Francisco at 7 p.m. today, ac
cording to Jack Quan, president.
The Chinese Club planned its an
nual alumni dinner, which is to be
held at Hang Far Low restaurant in
San Francisco at 7 p.m. today, ac
cording to Jack Quan, president.
The Chinese Club planned its an
nual alumni dinner, which is to be
held at Hang Far Low restaurant in
San Francisco at 7 p.m. today, ac
cording to Jack Quan, president.
The Chinese Club planned its an
nual alumni dinner, which is to be
held at Hang Far Low restaurant in
San Francisco at 7 p.m. today, ac
cording to Jack Quan, president.
The Chinese Club planned its an
nual alumni dinner, which is to be
held at Hang Far Low restaurant in
San Francisco at 7 p.m. today, ac
cording to Jack Quan, president.
The Chinese Club planned its an
nual alumni dinner, which is to be
held at Hang Far Low restaurant in
San Francisco at 7 p.m. today, ac
cording to Jack Quan, president.
The Chinese Club planned its an
nual alumni dinner, which is to be
held at Hang Far Low restaurant in
San Francisco at 7 p.m. today, ac
cording to Jack Quan, president.
The Chinese Club planned its an
nual alumni dinner, which is to be
held at Hang Far Low restaurant in
San Francisco at 7 p.m. today, ac
cording to Jack Quan, president.
The Chinese Club planned its an
nual alumni dinner, which is to be
held at Hang Far Low restaurant in
San Francisco at 7 p.m. today, ac
cording to Jack Quan, president.
The Chinese Club planned its an
nual alumni dinner, which is to be
held at Hang Far Low restaurant in
San Francisco at 7 p.m. today, ac
cording to Jack Quan, president.
The Chinese Club planned its an
nual alumni dinner, which is to be
held at Hang Far Low restaurant in
San Francisco at 7 p.m. today, ac
cording to Jack Quan, president.
The Chinese Club planned its an
nual alumni dinner, which is to be
held at Hang Far Low restaurant in
San Francisco at 7 p.m. today, ac
cording to Jack Quan, president.
The Chinese Club planned its an
nual alumni dinner, which is to be
held at Hang Far Low restaurant in
San Francisco at 7 p.m. today, ac
cording to Jack Quan, president.
The Chinese Club planned its an
nual alumni dinner, which is to be
held at Hang Far Low restaurant in
San Francisco at 7 p.m. today, ac
cording to Jack Quan, president.
