# Farm Faculty to Read 'Uncle Tom's Cabin'
## 
### 
Harriet Beecher Stowe's "Uncle
Tom's Cabin" will be read tonight
at 8:15 in Cubbcrley Auditorium.
Admission will be 30 cents.
Mostly a faculty production, the
play is concerned with the slavery
problem in the South before the
Civil War. Uncle Tom will be
played by Hubert HefTner, head of
the Spoech and Drama Department.
Dr. A. N. Vardac of the Drama De
partment will take the part of Si
mon Legree. Marian Gaber, speech
instructor, will play Little Eva.
Director of the reading is Betty
McGoe. Hall Martin and Walter
Krumm are in char«e of lights.
Harriet Beecher Stowe's "Uncle
Tom's Cabin" will be read tonight
at 8:15 in Cubbcrley Auditorium.
Admission will be 30 cents.
Mostly a faculty production, the
play is concerned with the slavery
problem in the South before the
Civil War. Uncle Tom will be
played by Hubert HefTner, head of
the Spoech and Drama Department.
Dr. A. N. Vardac of the Drama De
partment will take the part of Si
mon Legree. Marian Gaber, speech
instructor, will play Little Eva.
Director of the reading is Betty
McGoe. Hall Martin and Walter
Krumm are in char«e of lights.
Harriet Beecher Stowe's "Uncle
Tom's Cabin" will be read tonight
at 8:15 in Cubbcrley Auditorium.
Admission will be 30 cents.
Mostly a faculty production, the
play is concerned with the slavery
problem in the South before the
Civil War. Uncle Tom will be
played by Hubert HefTner, head of
the Spoech and Drama Department.
Dr. A. N. Vardac of the Drama De
partment will take the part of Si
mon Legree. Marian Gaber, speech
instructor, will play Little Eva.
Director of the reading is Betty
McGoe. Hall Martin and Walter
Krumm are in char«e of lights.
Harriet Beecher Stowe's "Uncle
Tom's Cabin" will be read tonight
at 8:15 in Cubbcrley Auditorium.
Admission will be 30 cents.
Mostly a faculty production, the
play is concerned with the slavery
problem in the South before the
Civil War. Uncle Tom will be
played by Hubert HefTner, head of
the Spoech and Drama Department.
Dr. A. N. Vardac of the Drama De
partment will take the part of Si
mon Legree. Marian Gaber, speech
instructor, will play Little Eva.
Director of the reading is Betty
McGoe. Hall Martin and Walter
Krumm are in char«e of lights.
Harriet Beecher Stowe's "Uncle
Tom's Cabin" will be read tonight
at 8:15 in Cubbcrley Auditorium.
Admission will be 30 cents.
Mostly a faculty production, the
play is concerned with the slavery
problem in the South before the
Civil War. Uncle Tom will be
played by Hubert HefTner, head of
the Spoech and Drama Department.
Dr. A. N. Vardac of the Drama De
partment will take the part of Si
mon Legree. Marian Gaber, speech
instructor, will play Little Eva.
Director of the reading is Betty
McGoe. Hall Martin and Walter
Krumm are in char«e of lights.
Harriet Beecher Stowe's "Uncle
Tom's Cabin" will be read tonight
at 8:15 in Cubbcrley Auditorium.
Admission will be 30 cents.
Mostly a faculty production, the
play is concerned with the slavery
problem in the South before the
Civil War. Uncle Tom will be
played by Hubert HefTner, head of
the Spoech and Drama Department.
Dr. A. N. Vardac of the Drama De
partment will take the part of Si
mon Legree. Marian Gaber, speech
instructor, will play Little Eva.
Director of the reading is Betty
McGoe. Hall Martin and Walter
Krumm are in char«e of lights.
Harriet Beecher Stowe's "Uncle
Tom's Cabin" will be read tonight
at 8:15 in Cubbcrley Auditorium.
Admission will be 30 cents.
Mostly a faculty production, the
play is concerned with the slavery
problem in the South before the
Civil War. Uncle Tom will be
played by Hubert HefTner, head of
the Spoech and Drama Department.
Dr. A. N. Vardac of the Drama De
partment will take the part of Si
mon Legree. Marian Gaber, speech
instructor, will play Little Eva.
Director of the reading is Betty
McGoe. Hall Martin and Walter
Krumm are in char«e of lights.
Harriet Beecher Stowe's "Uncle
Tom's Cabin" will be read tonight
at 8:15 in Cubbcrley Auditorium.
Admission will be 30 cents.
Mostly a faculty production, the
play is concerned with the slavery
problem in the South before the
Civil War. Uncle Tom will be
played by Hubert HefTner, head of
the Spoech and Drama Department.
Dr. A. N. Vardac of the Drama De
partment will take the part of Si
mon Legree. Marian Gaber, speech
instructor, will play Little Eva.
Director of the reading is Betty
McGoe. Hall Martin and Walter
Krumm are in char«e of lights.
Harriet Beecher Stowe's "Uncle
Tom's Cabin" will be read tonight
at 8:15 in Cubbcrley Auditorium.
Admission will be 30 cents.
Mostly a faculty production, the
play is concerned with the slavery
problem in the South before the
Civil War. Uncle Tom will be
played by Hubert HefTner, head of
the Spoech and Drama Department.
Dr. A. N. Vardac of the Drama De
partment will take the part of Si
mon Legree. Marian Gaber, speech
instructor, will play Little Eva.
Director of the reading is Betty
McGoe. Hall Martin and Walter
Krumm are in char«e of lights.
Harriet Beecher Stowe's "Uncle
Tom's Cabin" will be read tonight
at 8:15 in Cubbcrley Auditorium.
Admission will be 30 cents.
Mostly a faculty production, the
play is concerned with the slavery
problem in the South before the
Civil War. Uncle Tom will be
played by Hubert HefTner, head of
the Spoech and Drama Department.
Dr. A. N. Vardac of the Drama De
partment will take the part of Si
mon Legree. Marian Gaber, speech
instructor, will play Little Eva.
Director of the reading is Betty
McGoe. Hall Martin and Walter
Krumm are in char«e of lights.
Harriet Beecher Stowe's "Uncle
Tom's Cabin" will be read tonight
at 8:15 in Cubbcrley Auditorium.
Admission will be 30 cents.
Mostly a faculty production, the
play is concerned with the slavery
problem in the South before the
Civil War. Uncle Tom will be
played by Hubert HefTner, head of
the Spoech and Drama Department.
Dr. A. N. Vardac of the Drama De
partment will take the part of Si
mon Legree. Marian Gaber, speech
instructor, will play Little Eva.
Director of the reading is Betty
McGoe. Hall Martin and Walter
Krumm are in char«e of lights.
Harriet Beecher Stowe's "Uncle
Tom's Cabin" will be read tonight
at 8:15 in Cubbcrley Auditorium.
Admission will be 30 cents.
Mostly a faculty production, the
play is concerned with the slavery
problem in the South before the
Civil War. Uncle Tom will be
played by Hubert HefTner, head of
the Spoech and Drama Department.
Dr. A. N. Vardac of the Drama De
partment will take the part of Si
mon Legree. Marian Gaber, speech
instructor, will play Little Eva.
Director of the reading is Betty
McGoe. Hall Martin and Walter
Krumm are in char«e of lights.
Harriet Beecher Stowe's "Uncle
Tom's Cabin" will be read tonight
at 8:15 in Cubbcrley Auditorium.
Admission will be 30 cents.
Mostly a faculty production, the
play is concerned with the slavery
problem in the South before the
Civil War. Uncle Tom will be
played by Hubert HefTner, head of
the Spoech and Drama Department.
Dr. A. N. Vardac of the Drama De
partment will take the part of Si
mon Legree. Marian Gaber, speech
instructor, will play Little Eva.
Director of the reading is Betty
McGoe. Hall Martin and Walter
Krumm are in char«e of lights.
Harriet Beecher Stowe's "Uncle
Tom's Cabin" will be read tonight
at 8:15 in Cubbcrley Auditorium.
Admission will be 30 cents.
Mostly a faculty production, the
play is concerned with the slavery
problem in the South before the
Civil War. Uncle Tom will be
played by Hubert HefTner, head of
the Spoech and Drama Department.
Dr. A. N. Vardac of the Drama De
partment will take the part of Si
mon Legree. Marian Gaber, speech
instructor, will play Little Eva.
Director of the reading is Betty
McGoe. Hall Martin and Walter
Krumm are in char«e of lights.
Harriet Beecher Stowe's "Uncle
Tom's Cabin" will be read tonight
at 8:15 in Cubbcrley Auditorium.
Admission will be 30 cents.
Mostly a faculty production, the
play is concerned with the slavery
problem in the South before the
Civil War. Uncle Tom will be
played by Hubert HefTner, head of
the Spoech and Drama Department.
Dr. A. N. Vardac of the Drama De
partment will take the part of Si
mon Legree. Marian Gaber, speech
instructor, will play Little Eva.
Director of the reading is Betty
McGoe. Hall Martin and Walter
Krumm are in char«e of lights.
