# Untitled Article
## 
### 

BOB MATHIAS, holder of three freshman track records and the
Olympic decathlon title, will stage an exhibition decathlon today
and tomorrow on Angell Field with members of the varsity and
frosh track teams.

BOB MATHIAS, holder of three freshman track records and the
Olympic decathlon title, will stage an exhibition decathlon today
and tomorrow on Angell Field with members of the varsity and
frosh track teams.

BOB MATHIAS, holder of three freshman track records and the
Olympic decathlon title, will stage an exhibition decathlon today
and tomorrow on Angell Field with members of the varsity and
frosh track teams.

BOB MATHIAS, holder of three freshman track records and the
Olympic decathlon title, will stage an exhibition decathlon today
and tomorrow on Angell Field with members of the varsity and
frosh track teams.

BOB MATHIAS, holder of three freshman track records and the
Olympic decathlon title, will stage an exhibition decathlon today
and tomorrow on Angell Field with members of the varsity and
frosh track teams.

BOB MATHIAS, holder of three freshman track records and the
Olympic decathlon title, will stage an exhibition decathlon today
and tomorrow on Angell Field with members of the varsity and
frosh track teams.

BOB MATHIAS, holder of three freshman track records and the
Olympic decathlon title, will stage an exhibition decathlon today
and tomorrow on Angell Field with members of the varsity and
frosh track teams.

BOB MATHIAS, holder of three freshman track records and the
Olympic decathlon title, will stage an exhibition decathlon today
and tomorrow on Angell Field with members of the varsity and
frosh track teams.

BOB MATHIAS, holder of three freshman track records and the
Olympic decathlon title, will stage an exhibition decathlon today
and tomorrow on Angell Field with members of the varsity and
frosh track teams.

BOB MATHIAS, holder of three freshman track records and the
Olympic decathlon title, will stage an exhibition decathlon today
and tomorrow on Angell Field with members of the varsity and
frosh track teams.

BOB MATHIAS, holder of three freshman track records and the
Olympic decathlon title, will stage an exhibition decathlon today
and tomorrow on Angell Field with members of the varsity and
frosh track teams.

BOB MATHIAS, holder of three freshman track records and the
Olympic decathlon title, will stage an exhibition decathlon today
and tomorrow on Angell Field with members of the varsity and
frosh track teams.

BOB MATHIAS, holder of three freshman track records and the
Olympic decathlon title, will stage an exhibition decathlon today
and tomorrow on Angell Field with members of the varsity and
frosh track teams.

BOB MATHIAS, holder of three freshman track records and the
Olympic decathlon title, will stage an exhibition decathlon today
and tomorrow on Angell Field with members of the varsity and
frosh track teams.
