# Easier Housing for 'Hamburgers'
## 
### 

TIIK NF.W GERMANY Arising from the rubble of bomb-battered Hamburg, Germany, these
modern 16-story apartment houses were built in 1040 to ease the city's housing shortage.
- AP Wirephoto

TIIK NF.W GERMANY Arising from the rubble of bomb-battered Hamburg, Germany, these
modern 16-story apartment houses were built in 1040 to ease the city's housing shortage.
- AP Wirephoto

TIIK NF.W GERMANY Arising from the rubble of bomb-battered Hamburg, Germany, these
modern 16-story apartment houses were built in 1040 to ease the city's housing shortage.
- AP Wirephoto

TIIK NF.W GERMANY Arising from the rubble of bomb-battered Hamburg, Germany, these
modern 16-story apartment houses were built in 1040 to ease the city's housing shortage.
- AP Wirephoto

TIIK NF.W GERMANY Arising from the rubble of bomb-battered Hamburg, Germany, these
modern 16-story apartment houses were built in 1040 to ease the city's housing shortage.
- AP Wirephoto

TIIK NF.W GERMANY Arising from the rubble of bomb-battered Hamburg, Germany, these
modern 16-story apartment houses were built in 1040 to ease the city's housing shortage.
- AP Wirephoto

TIIK NF.W GERMANY Arising from the rubble of bomb-battered Hamburg, Germany, these
modern 16-story apartment houses were built in 1040 to ease the city's housing shortage.
- AP Wirephoto

TIIK NF.W GERMANY Arising from the rubble of bomb-battered Hamburg, Germany, these
modern 16-story apartment houses were built in 1040 to ease the city's housing shortage.
- AP Wirephoto

TIIK NF.W GERMANY Arising from the rubble of bomb-battered Hamburg, Germany, these
modern 16-story apartment houses were built in 1040 to ease the city's housing shortage.
- AP Wirephoto

TIIK NF.W GERMANY Arising from the rubble of bomb-battered Hamburg, Germany, these
modern 16-story apartment houses were built in 1040 to ease the city's housing shortage.
- AP Wirephoto

TIIK NF.W GERMANY Arising from the rubble of bomb-battered Hamburg, Germany, these
modern 16-story apartment houses were built in 1040 to ease the city's housing shortage.
- AP Wirephoto

TIIK NF.W GERMANY Arising from the rubble of bomb-battered Hamburg, Germany, these
modern 16-story apartment houses were built in 1040 to ease the city's housing shortage.
- AP Wirephoto

TIIK NF.W GERMANY Arising from the rubble of bomb-battered Hamburg, Germany, these
modern 16-story apartment houses were built in 1040 to ease the city's housing shortage.
- AP Wirephoto

TIIK NF.W GERMANY Arising from the rubble of bomb-battered Hamburg, Germany, these
modern 16-story apartment houses were built in 1040 to ease the city's housing shortage.
- AP Wirephoto
