# Quad Pictures
## 
### 
Students who will be in at
tendance at a Stanford over
seas campus next fall quar
ter and who wish to have
their picture in the
Quad, should come to th e
Quad Office in the Storke
Student Publications Build
ing between 1 ajpd I p.m. to
day to have (held taken.
Included in this group are
students who will he attend
ing Stanford campuses in
Italy, France, and Austria,
all of which begin their ses
sions during the fall quarter
when Quail pictures are nor
mally taken.
The charge for the pictures
is $2.25 payable at the time
of photographing in the Quad
Office.
