# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Class of '96 is manifesting a
slowness in beginning active prepara
tions for their annual which does not
argue well for the ultimate success of
an undertaking that can not be a less
arduous one than that which '95 has
almost completed. With a field of one
year it must be a very careful harvest
of the crop to yield the same amount
and quality of material as '95 secured
as the product of three years. To issue
a better annual than the preceding one
ahouhl he and probably is the ambition
of every class. T 0 do this '96 should
neglect no opportunity to secure ma
terial.
The Class of '96 is manifesting a
slowness in beginning active prepara
tions for their annual which does not
argue well for the ultimate success of
an undertaking that can not be a less
arduous one than that which '95 has
almost completed. With a field of one
year it must be a very careful harvest
of the crop to yield the same amount
and quality of material as '95 secured
as the product of three years. To issue
a better annual than the preceding one
ahouhl he and probably is the ambition
of every class. T 0 do this '96 should
neglect no opportunity to secure ma
terial.
The Class of '96 is manifesting a
slowness in beginning active prepara
tions for their annual which does not
argue well for the ultimate success of
an undertaking that can not be a less
arduous one than that which '95 has
almost completed. With a field of one
year it must be a very careful harvest
of the crop to yield the same amount
and quality of material as '95 secured
as the product of three years. To issue
a better annual than the preceding one
ahouhl he and probably is the ambition
of every class. T 0 do this '96 should
neglect no opportunity to secure ma
terial.
