# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Whether or not we are to have a
Memorial Day excursion on the 14th of
May as on the two previous years de
pends on the willingness of the student
body to take part in the affair. If a
sufficient number wish to j:o to Monte
rey the railroad company will make the
rate the same as that of two years ago—
two dollars and fifty cents for the
round trip. Should the students desire
to visit Santa Cruz again this year, or
some other place not yet visited by the
annual excursion, a reduced rate can
also be secured provided a large enough
number join the excursion. In any
event the subject is one for the consid
eration of the student body.
Whether or not we are to have a
Memorial Day excursion on the 14th of
May as on the two previous years de
pends on the willingness of the student
body to take part in the affair. If a
sufficient number wish to j:o to Monte
rey the railroad company will make the
rate the same as that of two years ago—
two dollars and fifty cents for the
round trip. Should the students desire
to visit Santa Cruz again this year, or
some other place not yet visited by the
annual excursion, a reduced rate can
also be secured provided a large enough
number join the excursion. In any
event the subject is one for the consid
eration of the student body.
Whether or not we are to have a
Memorial Day excursion on the 14th of
May as on the two previous years de
pends on the willingness of the student
body to take part in the affair. If a
sufficient number wish to j:o to Monte
rey the railroad company will make the
rate the same as that of two years ago—
two dollars and fifty cents for the
round trip. Should the students desire
to visit Santa Cruz again this year, or
some other place not yet visited by the
annual excursion, a reduced rate can
also be secured provided a large enough
number join the excursion. In any
event the subject is one for the consid
eration of the student body.
