# Tickets for Comedy Sell Fast.
## 
### 
An exceedingly good sale of tickets
for the English Club play "Arms and
the Man," for next Friday evening,
lias been recorded. Most all the one
dollar seats have been sold, though
only the first ten rc ws are included
in this price, leaving many usual dol
lar seats among the seventy-five cent
ones. The balcony seats are being
sold at seventy-five and fifty cents.
An exceedingly good sale of tickets
for the English Club play "Arms and
the Man," for next Friday evening,
lias been recorded. Most all the one
dollar seats have been sold, though
only the first ten rc ws are included
in this price, leaving many usual dol
lar seats among the seventy-five cent
ones. The balcony seats are being
sold at seventy-five and fifty cents.
An exceedingly good sale of tickets
for the English Club play "Arms and
the Man," for next Friday evening,
lias been recorded. Most all the one
dollar seats have been sold, though
only the first ten rc ws are included
in this price, leaving many usual dol
lar seats among the seventy-five cent
ones. The balcony seats are being
sold at seventy-five and fifty cents.
An exceedingly good sale of tickets
for the English Club play "Arms and
the Man," for next Friday evening,
lias been recorded. Most all the one
dollar seats have been sold, though
only the first ten rc ws are included
in this price, leaving many usual dol
lar seats among the seventy-five cent
ones. The balcony seats are being
sold at seventy-five and fifty cents.
An exceedingly good sale of tickets
for the English Club play "Arms and
the Man," for next Friday evening,
lias been recorded. Most all the one
dollar seats have been sold, though
only the first ten rc ws are included
in this price, leaving many usual dol
lar seats among the seventy-five cent
ones. The balcony seats are being
sold at seventy-five and fifty cents.
An exceedingly good sale of tickets
for the English Club play "Arms and
the Man," for next Friday evening,
lias been recorded. Most all the one
dollar seats have been sold, though
only the first ten rc ws are included
in this price, leaving many usual dol
lar seats among the seventy-five cent
ones. The balcony seats are being
sold at seventy-five and fifty cents.
An exceedingly good sale of tickets
for the English Club play "Arms and
the Man," for next Friday evening,
lias been recorded. Most all the one
dollar seats have been sold, though
only the first ten rc ws are included
in this price, leaving many usual dol
lar seats among the seventy-five cent
ones. The balcony seats are being
sold at seventy-five and fifty cents.
An exceedingly good sale of tickets
for the English Club play "Arms and
the Man," for next Friday evening,
lias been recorded. Most all the one
dollar seats have been sold, though
only the first ten rc ws are included
in this price, leaving many usual dol
lar seats among the seventy-five cent
ones. The balcony seats are being
sold at seventy-five and fifty cents.
An exceedingly good sale of tickets
for the English Club play "Arms and
the Man," for next Friday evening,
lias been recorded. Most all the one
dollar seats have been sold, though
only the first ten rc ws are included
in this price, leaving many usual dol
lar seats among the seventy-five cent
ones. The balcony seats are being
sold at seventy-five and fifty cents.
An exceedingly good sale of tickets
for the English Club play "Arms and
the Man," for next Friday evening,
lias been recorded. Most all the one
dollar seats have been sold, though
only the first ten rc ws are included
in this price, leaving many usual dol
lar seats among the seventy-five cent
ones. The balcony seats are being
sold at seventy-five and fifty cents.
