# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Quad Angles
FROM J. M.
"SPECIAL PURCHASE
LAMB'S WOOL
SWEATERS"
$10.95
Not a black sheep in the
bunch! Even though they
arc very specially priced
and used to sell for much
more, they arc all knitted
of imported lamb's wool,
all full fashioned, all
touched with pretty de
tailing. Colors — 30-40.
Joseph Mugnin
301 University Avt.
Quad Angles
FROM J. M.
"SPECIAL PURCHASE
LAMB'S WOOL
SWEATERS"
$10.95
Not a black sheep in the
bunch! Even though they
arc very specially priced
and used to sell for much
more, they arc all knitted
of imported lamb's wool,
all full fashioned, all
touched with pretty de
tailing. Colors — 30-40.
Joseph Mugnin
301 University Avt.
Quad Angles
FROM J. M.
"SPECIAL PURCHASE
LAMB'S WOOL
SWEATERS"
$10.95
Not a black sheep in the
bunch! Even though they
arc very specially priced
and used to sell for much
more, they arc all knitted
of imported lamb's wool,
all full fashioned, all
touched with pretty de
tailing. Colors — 30-40.
Joseph Mugnin
301 University Avt.
Quad Angles
FROM J. M.
"SPECIAL PURCHASE
LAMB'S WOOL
SWEATERS"
$10.95
Not a black sheep in the
bunch! Even though they
arc very specially priced
and used to sell for much
more, they arc all knitted
of imported lamb's wool,
all full fashioned, all
touched with pretty de
tailing. Colors — 30-40.
Joseph Mugnin
301 University Avt.
Quad Angles
FROM J. M.
"SPECIAL PURCHASE
LAMB'S WOOL
SWEATERS"
$10.95
Not a black sheep in the
bunch! Even though they
arc very specially priced
and used to sell for much
more, they arc all knitted
of imported lamb's wool,
all full fashioned, all
touched with pretty de
tailing. Colors — 30-40.
Joseph Mugnin
301 University Avt.
Quad Angles
FROM J. M.
"SPECIAL PURCHASE
LAMB'S WOOL
SWEATERS"
$10.95
Not a black sheep in the
bunch! Even though they
arc very specially priced
and used to sell for much
more, they arc all knitted
of imported lamb's wool,
all full fashioned, all
touched with pretty de
tailing. Colors — 30-40.
Joseph Mugnin
301 University Avt.
Quad Angles
FROM J. M.
"SPECIAL PURCHASE
LAMB'S WOOL
SWEATERS"
$10.95
Not a black sheep in the
bunch! Even though they
arc very specially priced
and used to sell for much
more, they arc all knitted
of imported lamb's wool,
all full fashioned, all
touched with pretty de
tailing. Colors — 30-40.
Joseph Mugnin
301 University Avt.
Quad Angles
FROM J. M.
"SPECIAL PURCHASE
LAMB'S WOOL
SWEATERS"
$10.95
Not a black sheep in the
bunch! Even though they
arc very specially priced
and used to sell for much
more, they arc all knitted
of imported lamb's wool,
all full fashioned, all
touched with pretty de
tailing. Colors — 30-40.
Joseph Mugnin
301 University Avt.
Quad Angles
FROM J. M.
"SPECIAL PURCHASE
LAMB'S WOOL
SWEATERS"
$10.95
Not a black sheep in the
bunch! Even though they
arc very specially priced
and used to sell for much
more, they arc all knitted
of imported lamb's wool,
all full fashioned, all
touched with pretty de
tailing. Colors — 30-40.
Joseph Mugnin
301 University Avt.
Quad Angles
FROM J. M.
"SPECIAL PURCHASE
LAMB'S WOOL
SWEATERS"
$10.95
Not a black sheep in the
bunch! Even though they
arc very specially priced
and used to sell for much
more, they arc all knitted
of imported lamb's wool,
all full fashioned, all
touched with pretty de
tailing. Colors — 30-40.
Joseph Mugnin
301 University Avt.
Quad Angles
FROM J. M.
"SPECIAL PURCHASE
LAMB'S WOOL
SWEATERS"
$10.95
Not a black sheep in the
bunch! Even though they
arc very specially priced
and used to sell for much
more, they arc all knitted
of imported lamb's wool,
all full fashioned, all
touched with pretty de
tailing. Colors — 30-40.
Joseph Mugnin
301 University Avt.
Quad Angles
FROM J. M.
"SPECIAL PURCHASE
LAMB'S WOOL
SWEATERS"
$10.95
Not a black sheep in the
bunch! Even though they
arc very specially priced
and used to sell for much
more, they arc all knitted
of imported lamb's wool,
all full fashioned, all
touched with pretty de
tailing. Colors — 30-40.
Joseph Mugnin
301 University Avt.
Quad Angles
FROM J. M.
"SPECIAL PURCHASE
LAMB'S WOOL
SWEATERS"
$10.95
Not a black sheep in the
bunch! Even though they
arc very specially priced
and used to sell for much
more, they arc all knitted
of imported lamb's wool,
all full fashioned, all
touched with pretty de
tailing. Colors — 30-40.
Joseph Mugnin
301 University Avt.
Quad Angles
FROM J. M.
"SPECIAL PURCHASE
LAMB'S WOOL
SWEATERS"
$10.95
Not a black sheep in the
bunch! Even though they
arc very specially priced
and used to sell for much
more, they arc all knitted
of imported lamb's wool,
all full fashioned, all
touched with pretty de
tailing. Colors — 30-40.
Joseph Mugnin
301 University Avt.
Quad Angles
FROM J. M.
"SPECIAL PURCHASE
LAMB'S WOOL
SWEATERS"
$10.95
Not a black sheep in the
bunch! Even though they
arc very specially priced
and used to sell for much
more, they arc all knitted
of imported lamb's wool,
all full fashioned, all
touched with pretty de
tailing. Colors — 30-40.
Joseph Mugnin
301 University Avt.
Quad Angles
FROM J. M.
"SPECIAL PURCHASE
LAMB'S WOOL
SWEATERS"
$10.95
Not a black sheep in the
bunch! Even though they
arc very specially priced
and used to sell for much
more, they arc all knitted
of imported lamb's wool,
all full fashioned, all
touched with pretty de
tailing. Colors — 30-40.
Joseph Mugnin
301 University Avt.
