# Adv. 41 Page 8
## 
### 
Deadline for '"Oner Ajround the i
Quad" items is .'I p.m. of the day j
before publication.
Deadline for '"Oner Ajround the i
Quad" items is .'I p.m. of the day j
before publication.
Deadline for '"Oner Ajround the i
Quad" items is .'I p.m. of the day j
before publication.
Deadline for '"Oner Ajround the i
Quad" items is .'I p.m. of the day j
before publication.
Deadline for '"Oner Ajround the i
Quad" items is .'I p.m. of the day j
before publication.
Deadline for '"Oner Ajround the i
Quad" items is .'I p.m. of the day j
before publication.
Deadline for '"Oner Ajround the i
Quad" items is .'I p.m. of the day j
before publication.
Deadline for '"Oner Ajround the i
Quad" items is .'I p.m. of the day j
before publication.
Deadline for '"Oner Ajround the i
Quad" items is .'I p.m. of the day j
before publication.
Deadline for '"Oner Ajround the i
Quad" items is .'I p.m. of the day j
before publication.
Deadline for '"Oner Ajround the i
Quad" items is .'I p.m. of the day j
before publication.
Deadline for '"Oner Ajround the i
Quad" items is .'I p.m. of the day j
before publication.
Deadline for '"Oner Ajround the i
Quad" items is .'I p.m. of the day j
before publication.
Deadline for '"Oner Ajround the i
Quad" items is .'I p.m. of the day j
before publication.
Deadline for '"Oner Ajround the i
Quad" items is .'I p.m. of the day j
before publication.
Deadline for '"Oner Ajround the i
Quad" items is .'I p.m. of the day j
before publication.
