# TAYLOR:
## 
### 
"This is the greatest team we've
ever had. I don't know if it's from
the standpoint of material or per
sonal abilities, but I'm sure it's
from spirit, determination, and
downright fight. . . . The time i.i
right for victory."
"This is the greatest team we've
ever had. I don't know if it's from
the standpoint of material or per
sonal abilities, but I'm sure it's
from spirit, determination, and
downright fight. . . . The time i.i
right for victory."
"This is the greatest team we've
ever had. I don't know if it's from
the standpoint of material or per
sonal abilities, but I'm sure it's
from spirit, determination, and
downright fight. . . . The time i.i
right for victory."
"This is the greatest team we've
ever had. I don't know if it's from
the standpoint of material or per
sonal abilities, but I'm sure it's
from spirit, determination, and
downright fight. . . . The time i.i
right for victory."
"This is the greatest team we've
ever had. I don't know if it's from
the standpoint of material or per
sonal abilities, but I'm sure it's
from spirit, determination, and
downright fight. . . . The time i.i
right for victory."
"This is the greatest team we've
ever had. I don't know if it's from
the standpoint of material or per
sonal abilities, but I'm sure it's
from spirit, determination, and
downright fight. . . . The time i.i
right for victory."
"This is the greatest team we've
ever had. I don't know if it's from
the standpoint of material or per
sonal abilities, but I'm sure it's
from spirit, determination, and
downright fight. . . . The time i.i
right for victory."
"This is the greatest team we've
ever had. I don't know if it's from
the standpoint of material or per
sonal abilities, but I'm sure it's
from spirit, determination, and
downright fight. . . . The time i.i
right for victory."
"This is the greatest team we've
ever had. I don't know if it's from
the standpoint of material or per
sonal abilities, but I'm sure it's
from spirit, determination, and
downright fight. . . . The time i.i
right for victory."
"This is the greatest team we've
ever had. I don't know if it's from
the standpoint of material or per
sonal abilities, but I'm sure it's
from spirit, determination, and
downright fight. . . . The time i.i
right for victory."
"This is the greatest team we've
ever had. I don't know if it's from
the standpoint of material or per
sonal abilities, but I'm sure it's
from spirit, determination, and
downright fight. . . . The time i.i
right for victory."
"This is the greatest team we've
ever had. I don't know if it's from
the standpoint of material or per
sonal abilities, but I'm sure it's
from spirit, determination, and
downright fight. . . . The time i.i
right for victory."
"This is the greatest team we've
ever had. I don't know if it's from
the standpoint of material or per
sonal abilities, but I'm sure it's
from spirit, determination, and
downright fight. . . . The time i.i
right for victory."
"This is the greatest team we've
ever had. I don't know if it's from
the standpoint of material or per
sonal abilities, but I'm sure it's
from spirit, determination, and
downright fight. . . . The time i.i
right for victory."
"This is the greatest team we've
ever had. I don't know if it's from
the standpoint of material or per
sonal abilities, but I'm sure it's
from spirit, determination, and
downright fight. . . . The time i.i
right for victory."
"This is the greatest team we've
ever had. I don't know if it's from
the standpoint of material or per
sonal abilities, but I'm sure it's
from spirit, determination, and
downright fight. . . . The time i.i
right for victory."
