# "LIT" DEADLINE SET FOR JANUARY NUMBER
## 
### 
jii« ueauime lur coiunuuuons ior
the January number of the Stanford
"Lit" has been set. for December 10.
All contributions must be in on or
before that date.
According to Dick W. Graves, the
editors are very anxious to have good
short stories and light essays turned
in. The maximum is 3500 words for a
short story and 2500 for an essay.
Verse is also requested, and no limits
have been set on its form or length.
Any material coming in after the
deadline will be considered for future
numbers.
jii« ueauime lur coiunuuuons ior
the January number of the Stanford
"Lit" has been set. for December 10.
All contributions must be in on or
before that date.
According to Dick W. Graves, the
editors are very anxious to have good
short stories and light essays turned
in. The maximum is 3500 words for a
short story and 2500 for an essay.
Verse is also requested, and no limits
have been set on its form or length.
Any material coming in after the
deadline will be considered for future
numbers.
jii« ueauime lur coiunuuuons ior
the January number of the Stanford
"Lit" has been set. for December 10.
All contributions must be in on or
before that date.
According to Dick W. Graves, the
editors are very anxious to have good
short stories and light essays turned
in. The maximum is 3500 words for a
short story and 2500 for an essay.
Verse is also requested, and no limits
have been set on its form or length.
Any material coming in after the
deadline will be considered for future
numbers.
jii« ueauime lur coiunuuuons ior
the January number of the Stanford
"Lit" has been set. for December 10.
All contributions must be in on or
before that date.
According to Dick W. Graves, the
editors are very anxious to have good
short stories and light essays turned
in. The maximum is 3500 words for a
short story and 2500 for an essay.
Verse is also requested, and no limits
have been set on its form or length.
Any material coming in after the
deadline will be considered for future
numbers.
jii« ueauime lur coiunuuuons ior
the January number of the Stanford
"Lit" has been set. for December 10.
All contributions must be in on or
before that date.
According to Dick W. Graves, the
editors are very anxious to have good
short stories and light essays turned
in. The maximum is 3500 words for a
short story and 2500 for an essay.
Verse is also requested, and no limits
have been set on its form or length.
Any material coming in after the
deadline will be considered for future
numbers.
jii« ueauime lur coiunuuuons ior
the January number of the Stanford
"Lit" has been set. for December 10.
All contributions must be in on or
before that date.
According to Dick W. Graves, the
editors are very anxious to have good
short stories and light essays turned
in. The maximum is 3500 words for a
short story and 2500 for an essay.
Verse is also requested, and no limits
have been set on its form or length.
Any material coming in after the
deadline will be considered for future
numbers.
jii« ueauime lur coiunuuuons ior
the January number of the Stanford
"Lit" has been set. for December 10.
All contributions must be in on or
before that date.
According to Dick W. Graves, the
editors are very anxious to have good
short stories and light essays turned
in. The maximum is 3500 words for a
short story and 2500 for an essay.
Verse is also requested, and no limits
have been set on its form or length.
Any material coming in after the
deadline will be considered for future
numbers.
jii« ueauime lur coiunuuuons ior
the January number of the Stanford
"Lit" has been set. for December 10.
All contributions must be in on or
before that date.
According to Dick W. Graves, the
editors are very anxious to have good
short stories and light essays turned
in. The maximum is 3500 words for a
short story and 2500 for an essay.
Verse is also requested, and no limits
have been set on its form or length.
Any material coming in after the
deadline will be considered for future
numbers.
jii« ueauime lur coiunuuuons ior
the January number of the Stanford
"Lit" has been set. for December 10.
All contributions must be in on or
before that date.
According to Dick W. Graves, the
editors are very anxious to have good
short stories and light essays turned
in. The maximum is 3500 words for a
short story and 2500 for an essay.
Verse is also requested, and no limits
have been set on its form or length.
Any material coming in after the
deadline will be considered for future
numbers.
jii« ueauime lur coiunuuuons ior
the January number of the Stanford
"Lit" has been set. for December 10.
All contributions must be in on or
before that date.
According to Dick W. Graves, the
editors are very anxious to have good
short stories and light essays turned
in. The maximum is 3500 words for a
short story and 2500 for an essay.
Verse is also requested, and no limits
have been set on its form or length.
Any material coming in after the
deadline will be considered for future
numbers.
jii« ueauime lur coiunuuuons ior
the January number of the Stanford
"Lit" has been set. for December 10.
All contributions must be in on or
before that date.
According to Dick W. Graves, the
editors are very anxious to have good
short stories and light essays turned
in. The maximum is 3500 words for a
short story and 2500 for an essay.
Verse is also requested, and no limits
have been set on its form or length.
Any material coming in after the
deadline will be considered for future
numbers.
jii« ueauime lur coiunuuuons ior
the January number of the Stanford
"Lit" has been set. for December 10.
All contributions must be in on or
before that date.
According to Dick W. Graves, the
editors are very anxious to have good
short stories and light essays turned
in. The maximum is 3500 words for a
short story and 2500 for an essay.
Verse is also requested, and no limits
have been set on its form or length.
Any material coming in after the
deadline will be considered for future
numbers.
jii« ueauime lur coiunuuuons ior
the January number of the Stanford
"Lit" has been set. for December 10.
All contributions must be in on or
before that date.
According to Dick W. Graves, the
editors are very anxious to have good
short stories and light essays turned
in. The maximum is 3500 words for a
short story and 2500 for an essay.
Verse is also requested, and no limits
have been set on its form or length.
Any material coming in after the
deadline will be considered for future
numbers.
jii« ueauime lur coiunuuuons ior
the January number of the Stanford
"Lit" has been set. for December 10.
All contributions must be in on or
before that date.
According to Dick W. Graves, the
editors are very anxious to have good
short stories and light essays turned
in. The maximum is 3500 words for a
short story and 2500 for an essay.
Verse is also requested, and no limits
have been set on its form or length.
Any material coming in after the
deadline will be considered for future
numbers.
jii« ueauime lur coiunuuuons ior
the January number of the Stanford
"Lit" has been set. for December 10.
All contributions must be in on or
before that date.
According to Dick W. Graves, the
editors are very anxious to have good
short stories and light essays turned
in. The maximum is 3500 words for a
short story and 2500 for an essay.
Verse is also requested, and no limits
have been set on its form or length.
Any material coming in after the
deadline will be considered for future
numbers.
