# VANITY FAIR OFFERS $1000 IN PRIZES FOR HUMOROUS ESSAYS
## 
### 
Frank Crowninshield of the Vanity
Fair staff has announced a prize con
test, with awards totalling $1000, for
the best humorous or semi-humorous
essays by undergraduates of an Ameri
can university or college. The contest,
details of which will be announced in
the December issue of Vanity Fair,
will be judged by George S. Chappel,
Anita Loos, and John V. A. Weaver.
These three authors have long been
engaged in the type of writing which
Vanity Fair is now seeking.
Crowninshield points out that this
contest represents no new policy or
departure for the magazine, since Van
ity Fair has always believed in the
undergraduate, admired his viewpoint,
and encouraged his artistic endeavors.
Vanity Fair was the first to recognize
the talents of Robert C. Benchley,
Robert E. Sherwood, Donald Oguen
Stewart, George S. Chappell, E. E.
Cummings, and many others. All of
these men first wrote for college pub
lications.
The contest is for the purpose of
drawing the attention of undergradu
ates to the magazine in the hope of
finding new names and new talent to
contribute to the world of satire.
Frank Crowninshield of the Vanity
Fair staff has announced a prize con
test, with awards totalling $1000, for
the best humorous or semi-humorous
essays by undergraduates of an Ameri
can university or college. The contest,
details of which will be announced in
the December issue of Vanity Fair,
will be judged by George S. Chappel,
Anita Loos, and John V. A. Weaver.
These three authors have long been
engaged in the type of writing which
Vanity Fair is now seeking.
Crowninshield points out that this
contest represents no new policy or
departure for the magazine, since Van
ity Fair has always believed in the
undergraduate, admired his viewpoint,
and encouraged his artistic endeavors.
Vanity Fair was the first to recognize
the talents of Robert C. Benchley,
Robert E. Sherwood, Donald Oguen
Stewart, George S. Chappell, E. E.
Cummings, and many others. All of
these men first wrote for college pub
lications.
The contest is for the purpose of
drawing the attention of undergradu
ates to the magazine in the hope of
finding new names and new talent to
contribute to the world of satire.
Frank Crowninshield of the Vanity
Fair staff has announced a prize con
test, with awards totalling $1000, for
the best humorous or semi-humorous
essays by undergraduates of an Ameri
can university or college. The contest,
details of which will be announced in
the December issue of Vanity Fair,
will be judged by George S. Chappel,
Anita Loos, and John V. A. Weaver.
These three authors have long been
engaged in the type of writing which
Vanity Fair is now seeking.
Crowninshield points out that this
contest represents no new policy or
departure for the magazine, since Van
ity Fair has always believed in the
undergraduate, admired his viewpoint,
and encouraged his artistic endeavors.
Vanity Fair was the first to recognize
the talents of Robert C. Benchley,
Robert E. Sherwood, Donald Oguen
Stewart, George S. Chappell, E. E.
Cummings, and many others. All of
these men first wrote for college pub
lications.
The contest is for the purpose of
drawing the attention of undergradu
ates to the magazine in the hope of
finding new names and new talent to
contribute to the world of satire.
Frank Crowninshield of the Vanity
Fair staff has announced a prize con
test, with awards totalling $1000, for
the best humorous or semi-humorous
essays by undergraduates of an Ameri
can university or college. The contest,
details of which will be announced in
the December issue of Vanity Fair,
will be judged by George S. Chappel,
Anita Loos, and John V. A. Weaver.
These three authors have long been
engaged in the type of writing which
Vanity Fair is now seeking.
Crowninshield points out that this
contest represents no new policy or
departure for the magazine, since Van
ity Fair has always believed in the
undergraduate, admired his viewpoint,
and encouraged his artistic endeavors.
Vanity Fair was the first to recognize
the talents of Robert C. Benchley,
Robert E. Sherwood, Donald Oguen
Stewart, George S. Chappell, E. E.
Cummings, and many others. All of
these men first wrote for college pub
lications.
The contest is for the purpose of
drawing the attention of undergradu
ates to the magazine in the hope of
finding new names and new talent to
contribute to the world of satire.
Frank Crowninshield of the Vanity
Fair staff has announced a prize con
test, with awards totalling $1000, for
the best humorous or semi-humorous
essays by undergraduates of an Ameri
can university or college. The contest,
details of which will be announced in
the December issue of Vanity Fair,
will be judged by George S. Chappel,
Anita Loos, and John V. A. Weaver.
These three authors have long been
engaged in the type of writing which
Vanity Fair is now seeking.
Crowninshield points out that this
contest represents no new policy or
departure for the magazine, since Van
ity Fair has always believed in the
undergraduate, admired his viewpoint,
and encouraged his artistic endeavors.
Vanity Fair was the first to recognize
the talents of Robert C. Benchley,
Robert E. Sherwood, Donald Oguen
Stewart, George S. Chappell, E. E.
Cummings, and many others. All of
these men first wrote for college pub
lications.
The contest is for the purpose of
drawing the attention of undergradu
ates to the magazine in the hope of
finding new names and new talent to
contribute to the world of satire.
Frank Crowninshield of the Vanity
Fair staff has announced a prize con
test, with awards totalling $1000, for
the best humorous or semi-humorous
essays by undergraduates of an Ameri
can university or college. The contest,
details of which will be announced in
the December issue of Vanity Fair,
will be judged by George S. Chappel,
Anita Loos, and John V. A. Weaver.
These three authors have long been
engaged in the type of writing which
Vanity Fair is now seeking.
Crowninshield points out that this
contest represents no new policy or
departure for the magazine, since Van
ity Fair has always believed in the
undergraduate, admired his viewpoint,
and encouraged his artistic endeavors.
Vanity Fair was the first to recognize
the talents of Robert C. Benchley,
Robert E. Sherwood, Donald Oguen
Stewart, George S. Chappell, E. E.
Cummings, and many others. All of
these men first wrote for college pub
lications.
The contest is for the purpose of
drawing the attention of undergradu
ates to the magazine in the hope of
finding new names and new talent to
contribute to the world of satire.
Frank Crowninshield of the Vanity
Fair staff has announced a prize con
test, with awards totalling $1000, for
the best humorous or semi-humorous
essays by undergraduates of an Ameri
can university or college. The contest,
details of which will be announced in
the December issue of Vanity Fair,
will be judged by George S. Chappel,
Anita Loos, and John V. A. Weaver.
These three authors have long been
engaged in the type of writing which
Vanity Fair is now seeking.
Crowninshield points out that this
contest represents no new policy or
departure for the magazine, since Van
ity Fair has always believed in the
undergraduate, admired his viewpoint,
and encouraged his artistic endeavors.
Vanity Fair was the first to recognize
the talents of Robert C. Benchley,
Robert E. Sherwood, Donald Oguen
Stewart, George S. Chappell, E. E.
Cummings, and many others. All of
these men first wrote for college pub
lications.
The contest is for the purpose of
drawing the attention of undergradu
ates to the magazine in the hope of
finding new names and new talent to
contribute to the world of satire.
Frank Crowninshield of the Vanity
Fair staff has announced a prize con
test, with awards totalling $1000, for
the best humorous or semi-humorous
essays by undergraduates of an Ameri
can university or college. The contest,
details of which will be announced in
the December issue of Vanity Fair,
will be judged by George S. Chappel,
Anita Loos, and John V. A. Weaver.
These three authors have long been
engaged in the type of writing which
Vanity Fair is now seeking.
Crowninshield points out that this
contest represents no new policy or
departure for the magazine, since Van
ity Fair has always believed in the
undergraduate, admired his viewpoint,
and encouraged his artistic endeavors.
Vanity Fair was the first to recognize
the talents of Robert C. Benchley,
Robert E. Sherwood, Donald Oguen
Stewart, George S. Chappell, E. E.
Cummings, and many others. All of
these men first wrote for college pub
lications.
The contest is for the purpose of
drawing the attention of undergradu
ates to the magazine in the hope of
finding new names and new talent to
contribute to the world of satire.
Frank Crowninshield of the Vanity
Fair staff has announced a prize con
test, with awards totalling $1000, for
the best humorous or semi-humorous
essays by undergraduates of an Ameri
can university or college. The contest,
details of which will be announced in
the December issue of Vanity Fair,
will be judged by George S. Chappel,
Anita Loos, and John V. A. Weaver.
These three authors have long been
engaged in the type of writing which
Vanity Fair is now seeking.
Crowninshield points out that this
contest represents no new policy or
departure for the magazine, since Van
ity Fair has always believed in the
undergraduate, admired his viewpoint,
and encouraged his artistic endeavors.
Vanity Fair was the first to recognize
the talents of Robert C. Benchley,
Robert E. Sherwood, Donald Oguen
Stewart, George S. Chappell, E. E.
Cummings, and many others. All of
these men first wrote for college pub
lications.
The contest is for the purpose of
drawing the attention of undergradu
ates to the magazine in the hope of
finding new names and new talent to
contribute to the world of satire.
Frank Crowninshield of the Vanity
Fair staff has announced a prize con
test, with awards totalling $1000, for
the best humorous or semi-humorous
essays by undergraduates of an Ameri
can university or college. The contest,
details of which will be announced in
the December issue of Vanity Fair,
will be judged by George S. Chappel,
Anita Loos, and John V. A. Weaver.
These three authors have long been
engaged in the type of writing which
Vanity Fair is now seeking.
Crowninshield points out that this
contest represents no new policy or
departure for the magazine, since Van
ity Fair has always believed in the
undergraduate, admired his viewpoint,
and encouraged his artistic endeavors.
Vanity Fair was the first to recognize
the talents of Robert C. Benchley,
Robert E. Sherwood, Donald Oguen
Stewart, George S. Chappell, E. E.
Cummings, and many others. All of
these men first wrote for college pub
lications.
The contest is for the purpose of
drawing the attention of undergradu
ates to the magazine in the hope of
finding new names and new talent to
contribute to the world of satire.
Frank Crowninshield of the Vanity
Fair staff has announced a prize con
test, with awards totalling $1000, for
the best humorous or semi-humorous
essays by undergraduates of an Ameri
can university or college. The contest,
details of which will be announced in
the December issue of Vanity Fair,
will be judged by George S. Chappel,
Anita Loos, and John V. A. Weaver.
These three authors have long been
engaged in the type of writing which
Vanity Fair is now seeking.
Crowninshield points out that this
contest represents no new policy or
departure for the magazine, since Van
ity Fair has always believed in the
undergraduate, admired his viewpoint,
and encouraged his artistic endeavors.
Vanity Fair was the first to recognize
the talents of Robert C. Benchley,
Robert E. Sherwood, Donald Oguen
Stewart, George S. Chappell, E. E.
Cummings, and many others. All of
these men first wrote for college pub
lications.
The contest is for the purpose of
drawing the attention of undergradu
ates to the magazine in the hope of
finding new names and new talent to
contribute to the world of satire.
Frank Crowninshield of the Vanity
Fair staff has announced a prize con
test, with awards totalling $1000, for
the best humorous or semi-humorous
essays by undergraduates of an Ameri
can university or college. The contest,
details of which will be announced in
the December issue of Vanity Fair,
will be judged by George S. Chappel,
Anita Loos, and John V. A. Weaver.
These three authors have long been
engaged in the type of writing which
Vanity Fair is now seeking.
Crowninshield points out that this
contest represents no new policy or
departure for the magazine, since Van
ity Fair has always believed in the
undergraduate, admired his viewpoint,
and encouraged his artistic endeavors.
Vanity Fair was the first to recognize
the talents of Robert C. Benchley,
Robert E. Sherwood, Donald Oguen
Stewart, George S. Chappell, E. E.
Cummings, and many others. All of
these men first wrote for college pub
lications.
The contest is for the purpose of
drawing the attention of undergradu
ates to the magazine in the hope of
finding new names and new talent to
contribute to the world of satire.
Frank Crowninshield of the Vanity
Fair staff has announced a prize con
test, with awards totalling $1000, for
the best humorous or semi-humorous
essays by undergraduates of an Ameri
can university or college. The contest,
details of which will be announced in
the December issue of Vanity Fair,
will be judged by George S. Chappel,
Anita Loos, and John V. A. Weaver.
These three authors have long been
engaged in the type of writing which
Vanity Fair is now seeking.
Crowninshield points out that this
contest represents no new policy or
departure for the magazine, since Van
ity Fair has always believed in the
undergraduate, admired his viewpoint,
and encouraged his artistic endeavors.
Vanity Fair was the first to recognize
the talents of Robert C. Benchley,
Robert E. Sherwood, Donald Oguen
Stewart, George S. Chappell, E. E.
Cummings, and many others. All of
these men first wrote for college pub
lications.
The contest is for the purpose of
drawing the attention of undergradu
ates to the magazine in the hope of
finding new names and new talent to
contribute to the world of satire.
Frank Crowninshield of the Vanity
Fair staff has announced a prize con
test, with awards totalling $1000, for
the best humorous or semi-humorous
essays by undergraduates of an Ameri
can university or college. The contest,
details of which will be announced in
the December issue of Vanity Fair,
will be judged by George S. Chappel,
Anita Loos, and John V. A. Weaver.
These three authors have long been
engaged in the type of writing which
Vanity Fair is now seeking.
Crowninshield points out that this
contest represents no new policy or
departure for the magazine, since Van
ity Fair has always believed in the
undergraduate, admired his viewpoint,
and encouraged his artistic endeavors.
Vanity Fair was the first to recognize
the talents of Robert C. Benchley,
Robert E. Sherwood, Donald Oguen
Stewart, George S. Chappell, E. E.
Cummings, and many others. All of
these men first wrote for college pub
lications.
The contest is for the purpose of
drawing the attention of undergradu
ates to the magazine in the hope of
finding new names and new talent to
contribute to the world of satire.
Frank Crowninshield of the Vanity
Fair staff has announced a prize con
test, with awards totalling $1000, for
the best humorous or semi-humorous
essays by undergraduates of an Ameri
can university or college. The contest,
details of which will be announced in
the December issue of Vanity Fair,
will be judged by George S. Chappel,
Anita Loos, and John V. A. Weaver.
These three authors have long been
engaged in the type of writing which
Vanity Fair is now seeking.
Crowninshield points out that this
contest represents no new policy or
departure for the magazine, since Van
ity Fair has always believed in the
undergraduate, admired his viewpoint,
and encouraged his artistic endeavors.
Vanity Fair was the first to recognize
the talents of Robert C. Benchley,
Robert E. Sherwood, Donald Oguen
Stewart, George S. Chappell, E. E.
Cummings, and many others. All of
these men first wrote for college pub
lications.
The contest is for the purpose of
drawing the attention of undergradu
ates to the magazine in the hope of
finding new names and new talent to
contribute to the world of satire.
