# First Down!
## 
### 

Basketball can often bear a
strange resemblance to a rough
er game called football. Here
forward Howard Hassen clings
tightly to the ball he had out
fought an unidentified Arizona
State player for. The Indians
face Santa Clara next January
26.

Basketball can often bear a
strange resemblance to a rough
er game called football. Here
forward Howard Hassen clings
tightly to the ball he had out
fought an unidentified Arizona
State player for. The Indians
face Santa Clara next January
26.

Basketball can often bear a
strange resemblance to a rough
er game called football. Here
forward Howard Hassen clings
tightly to the ball he had out
fought an unidentified Arizona
State player for. The Indians
face Santa Clara next January
26.

Basketball can often bear a
strange resemblance to a rough
er game called football. Here
forward Howard Hassen clings
tightly to the ball he had out
fought an unidentified Arizona
State player for. The Indians
face Santa Clara next January
26.

Basketball can often bear a
strange resemblance to a rough
er game called football. Here
forward Howard Hassen clings
tightly to the ball he had out
fought an unidentified Arizona
State player for. The Indians
face Santa Clara next January
26.

Basketball can often bear a
strange resemblance to a rough
er game called football. Here
forward Howard Hassen clings
tightly to the ball he had out
fought an unidentified Arizona
State player for. The Indians
face Santa Clara next January
26.

Basketball can often bear a
strange resemblance to a rough
er game called football. Here
forward Howard Hassen clings
tightly to the ball he had out
fought an unidentified Arizona
State player for. The Indians
face Santa Clara next January
26.

Basketball can often bear a
strange resemblance to a rough
er game called football. Here
forward Howard Hassen clings
tightly to the ball he had out
fought an unidentified Arizona
State player for. The Indians
face Santa Clara next January
26.

Basketball can often bear a
strange resemblance to a rough
er game called football. Here
forward Howard Hassen clings
tightly to the ball he had out
fought an unidentified Arizona
State player for. The Indians
face Santa Clara next January
26.

Basketball can often bear a
strange resemblance to a rough
er game called football. Here
forward Howard Hassen clings
tightly to the ball he had out
fought an unidentified Arizona
State player for. The Indians
face Santa Clara next January
26.

Basketball can often bear a
strange resemblance to a rough
er game called football. Here
forward Howard Hassen clings
tightly to the ball he had out
fought an unidentified Arizona
State player for. The Indians
face Santa Clara next January
26.

Basketball can often bear a
strange resemblance to a rough
er game called football. Here
forward Howard Hassen clings
tightly to the ball he had out
fought an unidentified Arizona
State player for. The Indians
face Santa Clara next January
26.

Basketball can often bear a
strange resemblance to a rough
er game called football. Here
forward Howard Hassen clings
tightly to the ball he had out
fought an unidentified Arizona
State player for. The Indians
face Santa Clara next January
26.

Basketball can often bear a
strange resemblance to a rough
er game called football. Here
forward Howard Hassen clings
tightly to the ball he had out
fought an unidentified Arizona
State player for. The Indians
face Santa Clara next January
26.

Basketball can often bear a
strange resemblance to a rough
er game called football. Here
forward Howard Hassen clings
tightly to the ball he had out
fought an unidentified Arizona
State player for. The Indians
face Santa Clara next January
26.

Basketball can often bear a
strange resemblance to a rough
er game called football. Here
forward Howard Hassen clings
tightly to the ball he had out
fought an unidentified Arizona
State player for. The Indians
face Santa Clara next January
26.
