# Daisies Do Tell
## 
### 

Flowers bloomed in Mem Claw yesterday as the Experiment held forth at an
open house in its new headquarters. The handwriting's on the walls —and If
the vivid murals decorating the RBR are any indication, innovations in educa
tion are in store.

Flowers bloomed in Mem Claw yesterday as the Experiment held forth at an
open house in its new headquarters. The handwriting's on the walls —and If
the vivid murals decorating the RBR are any indication, innovations in educa
tion are in store.

Flowers bloomed in Mem Claw yesterday as the Experiment held forth at an
open house in its new headquarters. The handwriting's on the walls —and If
the vivid murals decorating the RBR are any indication, innovations in educa
tion are in store.

Flowers bloomed in Mem Claw yesterday as the Experiment held forth at an
open house in its new headquarters. The handwriting's on the walls —and If
the vivid murals decorating the RBR are any indication, innovations in educa
tion are in store.

Flowers bloomed in Mem Claw yesterday as the Experiment held forth at an
open house in its new headquarters. The handwriting's on the walls —and If
the vivid murals decorating the RBR are any indication, innovations in educa
tion are in store.

Flowers bloomed in Mem Claw yesterday as the Experiment held forth at an
open house in its new headquarters. The handwriting's on the walls —and If
the vivid murals decorating the RBR are any indication, innovations in educa
tion are in store.

Flowers bloomed in Mem Claw yesterday as the Experiment held forth at an
open house in its new headquarters. The handwriting's on the walls —and If
the vivid murals decorating the RBR are any indication, innovations in educa
tion are in store.

Flowers bloomed in Mem Claw yesterday as the Experiment held forth at an
open house in its new headquarters. The handwriting's on the walls —and If
the vivid murals decorating the RBR are any indication, innovations in educa
tion are in store.

Flowers bloomed in Mem Claw yesterday as the Experiment held forth at an
open house in its new headquarters. The handwriting's on the walls —and If
the vivid murals decorating the RBR are any indication, innovations in educa
tion are in store.

Flowers bloomed in Mem Claw yesterday as the Experiment held forth at an
open house in its new headquarters. The handwriting's on the walls —and If
the vivid murals decorating the RBR are any indication, innovations in educa
tion are in store.

Flowers bloomed in Mem Claw yesterday as the Experiment held forth at an
open house in its new headquarters. The handwriting's on the walls —and If
the vivid murals decorating the RBR are any indication, innovations in educa
tion are in store.

Flowers bloomed in Mem Claw yesterday as the Experiment held forth at an
open house in its new headquarters. The handwriting's on the walls —and If
the vivid murals decorating the RBR are any indication, innovations in educa
tion are in store.

Flowers bloomed in Mem Claw yesterday as the Experiment held forth at an
open house in its new headquarters. The handwriting's on the walls —and If
the vivid murals decorating the RBR are any indication, innovations in educa
tion are in store.

Flowers bloomed in Mem Claw yesterday as the Experiment held forth at an
open house in its new headquarters. The handwriting's on the walls —and If
the vivid murals decorating the RBR are any indication, innovations in educa
tion are in store.

Flowers bloomed in Mem Claw yesterday as the Experiment held forth at an
open house in its new headquarters. The handwriting's on the walls —and If
the vivid murals decorating the RBR are any indication, innovations in educa
tion are in store.

Flowers bloomed in Mem Claw yesterday as the Experiment held forth at an
open house in its new headquarters. The handwriting's on the walls —and If
the vivid murals decorating the RBR are any indication, innovations in educa
tion are in store.
