# Adv. 3 Page 1
## 
### 
Last Day Sign-ups
For Quad Pictures
Today is Hu* final day for
sophomores and juniors to
si«;n up for Quad pictures.
Office hours are from !> to
11:50 a.m and 1 to 5:20 p.m.
Last Day Sign-ups
For Quad Pictures
Today is Hu* final day for
sophomores and juniors to
si«;n up for Quad pictures.
Office hours are from !> to
11:50 a.m and 1 to 5:20 p.m.
Last Day Sign-ups
For Quad Pictures
Today is Hu* final day for
sophomores and juniors to
si«;n up for Quad pictures.
Office hours are from !> to
11:50 a.m and 1 to 5:20 p.m.
Last Day Sign-ups
For Quad Pictures
Today is Hu* final day for
sophomores and juniors to
si«;n up for Quad pictures.
Office hours are from !> to
11:50 a.m and 1 to 5:20 p.m.
Last Day Sign-ups
For Quad Pictures
Today is Hu* final day for
sophomores and juniors to
si«;n up for Quad pictures.
Office hours are from !> to
11:50 a.m and 1 to 5:20 p.m.
Last Day Sign-ups
For Quad Pictures
Today is Hu* final day for
sophomores and juniors to
si«;n up for Quad pictures.
Office hours are from !> to
11:50 a.m and 1 to 5:20 p.m.
Last Day Sign-ups
For Quad Pictures
Today is Hu* final day for
sophomores and juniors to
si«;n up for Quad pictures.
Office hours are from !> to
11:50 a.m and 1 to 5:20 p.m.
Last Day Sign-ups
For Quad Pictures
Today is Hu* final day for
sophomores and juniors to
si«;n up for Quad pictures.
Office hours are from !> to
11:50 a.m and 1 to 5:20 p.m.
Last Day Sign-ups
For Quad Pictures
Today is Hu* final day for
sophomores and juniors to
si«;n up for Quad pictures.
Office hours are from !> to
11:50 a.m and 1 to 5:20 p.m.
Last Day Sign-ups
For Quad Pictures
Today is Hu* final day for
sophomores and juniors to
si«;n up for Quad pictures.
Office hours are from !> to
11:50 a.m and 1 to 5:20 p.m.
Last Day Sign-ups
For Quad Pictures
Today is Hu* final day for
sophomores and juniors to
si«;n up for Quad pictures.
Office hours are from !> to
11:50 a.m and 1 to 5:20 p.m.
Last Day Sign-ups
For Quad Pictures
Today is Hu* final day for
sophomores and juniors to
si«;n up for Quad pictures.
Office hours are from !> to
11:50 a.m and 1 to 5:20 p.m.
Last Day Sign-ups
For Quad Pictures
Today is Hu* final day for
sophomores and juniors to
si«;n up for Quad pictures.
Office hours are from !> to
11:50 a.m and 1 to 5:20 p.m.
Last Day Sign-ups
For Quad Pictures
Today is Hu* final day for
sophomores and juniors to
si«;n up for Quad pictures.
Office hours are from !> to
11:50 a.m and 1 to 5:20 p.m.
Last Day Sign-ups
For Quad Pictures
Today is Hu* final day for
sophomores and juniors to
si«;n up for Quad pictures.
Office hours are from !> to
11:50 a.m and 1 to 5:20 p.m.
Last Day Sign-ups
For Quad Pictures
Today is Hu* final day for
sophomores and juniors to
si«;n up for Quad pictures.
Office hours are from !> to
11:50 a.m and 1 to 5:20 p.m.
Last Day Sign-ups
For Quad Pictures
Today is Hu* final day for
sophomores and juniors to
si«;n up for Quad pictures.
Office hours are from !> to
11:50 a.m and 1 to 5:20 p.m.
