# Adv. 5 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS
By now, when this
appears, we surmise
that the Series hy
steria will have dissi
pated, and it is time
to talk of serious
things—like Super'
Charge? This, you
may recall, is that
most accommodating
R A plan that allows
you to buy what you
need when you need
it, and take a long
time to repay. That’s
Super Charge. All it
takes is your reg card
to join up, like today,
on your lunch period.
Period.
rqos/atkins
INDIANS
By now, when this
appears, we surmise
that the Series hy
steria will have dissi
pated, and it is time
to talk of serious
things—like Super'
Charge? This, you
may recall, is that
most accommodating
R A plan that allows
you to buy what you
need when you need
it, and take a long
time to repay. That’s
Super Charge. All it
takes is your reg card
to join up, like today,
on your lunch period.
Period.
rqos/atkins
INDIANS
By now, when this
appears, we surmise
that the Series hy
steria will have dissi
pated, and it is time
to talk of serious
things—like Super'
Charge? This, you
may recall, is that
most accommodating
R A plan that allows
you to buy what you
need when you need
it, and take a long
time to repay. That’s
Super Charge. All it
takes is your reg card
to join up, like today,
on your lunch period.
Period.
rqos/atkins
INDIANS
By now, when this
appears, we surmise
that the Series hy
steria will have dissi
pated, and it is time
to talk of serious
things—like Super'
Charge? This, you
may recall, is that
most accommodating
R A plan that allows
you to buy what you
need when you need
it, and take a long
time to repay. That’s
Super Charge. All it
takes is your reg card
to join up, like today,
on your lunch period.
Period.
rqos/atkins
INDIANS
By now, when this
appears, we surmise
that the Series hy
steria will have dissi
pated, and it is time
to talk of serious
things—like Super'
Charge? This, you
may recall, is that
most accommodating
R A plan that allows
you to buy what you
need when you need
it, and take a long
time to repay. That’s
Super Charge. All it
takes is your reg card
to join up, like today,
on your lunch period.
Period.
rqos/atkins
INDIANS
By now, when this
appears, we surmise
that the Series hy
steria will have dissi
pated, and it is time
to talk of serious
things—like Super'
Charge? This, you
may recall, is that
most accommodating
R A plan that allows
you to buy what you
need when you need
it, and take a long
time to repay. That’s
Super Charge. All it
takes is your reg card
to join up, like today,
on your lunch period.
Period.
rqos/atkins
INDIANS
By now, when this
appears, we surmise
that the Series hy
steria will have dissi
pated, and it is time
to talk of serious
things—like Super'
Charge? This, you
may recall, is that
most accommodating
R A plan that allows
you to buy what you
need when you need
it, and take a long
time to repay. That’s
Super Charge. All it
takes is your reg card
to join up, like today,
on your lunch period.
Period.
rqos/atkins
INDIANS
By now, when this
appears, we surmise
that the Series hy
steria will have dissi
pated, and it is time
to talk of serious
things—like Super'
Charge? This, you
may recall, is that
most accommodating
R A plan that allows
you to buy what you
need when you need
it, and take a long
time to repay. That’s
Super Charge. All it
takes is your reg card
to join up, like today,
on your lunch period.
Period.
rqos/atkins
INDIANS
By now, when this
appears, we surmise
that the Series hy
steria will have dissi
pated, and it is time
to talk of serious
things—like Super'
Charge? This, you
may recall, is that
most accommodating
R A plan that allows
you to buy what you
need when you need
it, and take a long
time to repay. That’s
Super Charge. All it
takes is your reg card
to join up, like today,
on your lunch period.
Period.
rqos/atkins
INDIANS
By now, when this
appears, we surmise
that the Series hy
steria will have dissi
pated, and it is time
to talk of serious
things—like Super'
Charge? This, you
may recall, is that
most accommodating
R A plan that allows
you to buy what you
need when you need
it, and take a long
time to repay. That’s
Super Charge. All it
takes is your reg card
to join up, like today,
on your lunch period.
Period.
rqos/atkins
INDIANS
By now, when this
appears, we surmise
that the Series hy
steria will have dissi
pated, and it is time
to talk of serious
things—like Super'
Charge? This, you
may recall, is that
most accommodating
R A plan that allows
you to buy what you
need when you need
it, and take a long
time to repay. That’s
Super Charge. All it
takes is your reg card
to join up, like today,
on your lunch period.
Period.
rqos/atkins
INDIANS
By now, when this
appears, we surmise
that the Series hy
steria will have dissi
pated, and it is time
to talk of serious
things—like Super'
Charge? This, you
may recall, is that
most accommodating
R A plan that allows
you to buy what you
need when you need
it, and take a long
time to repay. That’s
Super Charge. All it
takes is your reg card
to join up, like today,
on your lunch period.
Period.
rqos/atkins
INDIANS
By now, when this
appears, we surmise
that the Series hy
steria will have dissi
pated, and it is time
to talk of serious
things—like Super'
Charge? This, you
may recall, is that
most accommodating
R A plan that allows
you to buy what you
need when you need
it, and take a long
time to repay. That’s
Super Charge. All it
takes is your reg card
to join up, like today,
on your lunch period.
Period.
rqos/atkins
INDIANS
By now, when this
appears, we surmise
that the Series hy
steria will have dissi
pated, and it is time
to talk of serious
things—like Super'
Charge? This, you
may recall, is that
most accommodating
R A plan that allows
you to buy what you
need when you need
it, and take a long
time to repay. That’s
Super Charge. All it
takes is your reg card
to join up, like today,
on your lunch period.
Period.
rqos/atkins
INDIANS
By now, when this
appears, we surmise
that the Series hy
steria will have dissi
pated, and it is time
to talk of serious
things—like Super'
Charge? This, you
may recall, is that
most accommodating
R A plan that allows
you to buy what you
need when you need
it, and take a long
time to repay. That’s
Super Charge. All it
takes is your reg card
to join up, like today,
on your lunch period.
Period.
rqos/atkins
INDIANS
By now, when this
appears, we surmise
that the Series hy
steria will have dissi
pated, and it is time
to talk of serious
things—like Super'
Charge? This, you
may recall, is that
most accommodating
R A plan that allows
you to buy what you
need when you need
it, and take a long
time to repay. That’s
Super Charge. All it
takes is your reg card
to join up, like today,
on your lunch period.
Period.
rqos/atkins
INDIANS
By now, when this
appears, we surmise
that the Series hy
steria will have dissi
pated, and it is time
to talk of serious
things—like Super'
Charge? This, you
may recall, is that
most accommodating
R A plan that allows
you to buy what you
need when you need
it, and take a long
time to repay. That’s
Super Charge. All it
takes is your reg card
to join up, like today,
on your lunch period.
Period.
rqos/atkins
