# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
Tresidder to Show
Renaissance Films
The life and times of ilie
Renaissance will he the sub
ject of three films to he
shown at 4:30 today in Room
274 of Tresidder Union. The
films are: “The Renaissance:
Its Beginning in Italy,” “Re
naissance Intrigue" and “Re
naissance Its Art, Archi
tecture and Leaders."
Tresidder to Show
Renaissance Films
The life and times of ilie
Renaissance will he the sub
ject of three films to he
shown at 4:30 today in Room
274 of Tresidder Union. The
films are: “The Renaissance:
Its Beginning in Italy,” “Re
naissance Intrigue" and “Re
naissance Its Art, Archi
tecture and Leaders."
Tresidder to Show
Renaissance Films
The life and times of ilie
Renaissance will he the sub
ject of three films to he
shown at 4:30 today in Room
274 of Tresidder Union. The
films are: “The Renaissance:
Its Beginning in Italy,” “Re
naissance Intrigue" and “Re
naissance Its Art, Archi
tecture and Leaders."
Tresidder to Show
Renaissance Films
The life and times of ilie
Renaissance will he the sub
ject of three films to he
shown at 4:30 today in Room
274 of Tresidder Union. The
films are: “The Renaissance:
Its Beginning in Italy,” “Re
naissance Intrigue" and “Re
naissance Its Art, Archi
tecture and Leaders."
Tresidder to Show
Renaissance Films
The life and times of ilie
Renaissance will he the sub
ject of three films to he
shown at 4:30 today in Room
274 of Tresidder Union. The
films are: “The Renaissance:
Its Beginning in Italy,” “Re
naissance Intrigue" and “Re
naissance Its Art, Archi
tecture and Leaders."
Tresidder to Show
Renaissance Films
The life and times of ilie
Renaissance will he the sub
ject of three films to he
shown at 4:30 today in Room
274 of Tresidder Union. The
films are: “The Renaissance:
Its Beginning in Italy,” “Re
naissance Intrigue" and “Re
naissance Its Art, Archi
tecture and Leaders."
Tresidder to Show
Renaissance Films
The life and times of ilie
Renaissance will he the sub
ject of three films to he
shown at 4:30 today in Room
274 of Tresidder Union. The
films are: “The Renaissance:
Its Beginning in Italy,” “Re
naissance Intrigue" and “Re
naissance Its Art, Archi
tecture and Leaders."
Tresidder to Show
Renaissance Films
The life and times of ilie
Renaissance will he the sub
ject of three films to he
shown at 4:30 today in Room
274 of Tresidder Union. The
films are: “The Renaissance:
Its Beginning in Italy,” “Re
naissance Intrigue" and “Re
naissance Its Art, Archi
tecture and Leaders."
Tresidder to Show
Renaissance Films
The life and times of ilie
Renaissance will he the sub
ject of three films to he
shown at 4:30 today in Room
274 of Tresidder Union. The
films are: “The Renaissance:
Its Beginning in Italy,” “Re
naissance Intrigue" and “Re
naissance Its Art, Archi
tecture and Leaders."
Tresidder to Show
Renaissance Films
The life and times of ilie
Renaissance will he the sub
ject of three films to he
shown at 4:30 today in Room
274 of Tresidder Union. The
films are: “The Renaissance:
Its Beginning in Italy,” “Re
naissance Intrigue" and “Re
naissance Its Art, Archi
tecture and Leaders."
Tresidder to Show
Renaissance Films
The life and times of ilie
Renaissance will he the sub
ject of three films to he
shown at 4:30 today in Room
274 of Tresidder Union. The
films are: “The Renaissance:
Its Beginning in Italy,” “Re
naissance Intrigue" and “Re
naissance Its Art, Archi
tecture and Leaders."
Tresidder to Show
Renaissance Films
The life and times of ilie
Renaissance will he the sub
ject of three films to he
shown at 4:30 today in Room
274 of Tresidder Union. The
films are: “The Renaissance:
Its Beginning in Italy,” “Re
naissance Intrigue" and “Re
naissance Its Art, Archi
tecture and Leaders."
Tresidder to Show
Renaissance Films
The life and times of ilie
Renaissance will he the sub
ject of three films to he
shown at 4:30 today in Room
274 of Tresidder Union. The
films are: “The Renaissance:
Its Beginning in Italy,” “Re
naissance Intrigue" and “Re
naissance Its Art, Archi
tecture and Leaders."
Tresidder to Show
Renaissance Films
The life and times of ilie
Renaissance will he the sub
ject of three films to he
shown at 4:30 today in Room
274 of Tresidder Union. The
films are: “The Renaissance:
Its Beginning in Italy,” “Re
naissance Intrigue" and “Re
naissance Its Art, Archi
tecture and Leaders."
Tresidder to Show
Renaissance Films
The life and times of ilie
Renaissance will he the sub
ject of three films to he
shown at 4:30 today in Room
274 of Tresidder Union. The
films are: “The Renaissance:
Its Beginning in Italy,” “Re
naissance Intrigue" and “Re
naissance Its Art, Archi
tecture and Leaders."
Tresidder to Show
Renaissance Films
The life and times of ilie
Renaissance will he the sub
ject of three films to he
shown at 4:30 today in Room
274 of Tresidder Union. The
films are: “The Renaissance:
Its Beginning in Italy,” “Re
naissance Intrigue" and “Re
naissance Its Art, Archi
tecture and Leaders."
Tresidder to Show
Renaissance Films
The life and times of ilie
Renaissance will he the sub
ject of three films to he
shown at 4:30 today in Room
274 of Tresidder Union. The
films are: “The Renaissance:
Its Beginning in Italy,” “Re
naissance Intrigue" and “Re
naissance Its Art, Archi
tecture and Leaders."
