# Women's Council Elects Officers
## 
### 
Women's Council yesterday elected
Mary Morris Boggs vice-chairman
to succeed Jane Tanner, outgoing
officer. She will be under Gretchen
Ahlswede, who was elected several
weeks ago to replace Carolyn Hib
bard as chairman of Council.
Barbara Goodrich is the new sec
retary and Harriet Nash the new
.lockout chairn>an. Finishing her
term as secretary, Maxine Dailey
was elected Honor Code Chairman.
Gretchen Ahlswede served as
chairman of Council last summer
quarter and according to Carolyn
Hibbard this should be valuable ex
perience for her.
She also announced that council
will take an active part in Pre-Reg
istration activities next fall.
Women's Council yesterday elected
Mary Morris Boggs vice-chairman
to succeed Jane Tanner, outgoing
officer. She will be under Gretchen
Ahlswede, who was elected several
weeks ago to replace Carolyn Hib
bard as chairman of Council.
Barbara Goodrich is the new sec
retary and Harriet Nash the new
.lockout chairn>an. Finishing her
term as secretary, Maxine Dailey
was elected Honor Code Chairman.
Gretchen Ahlswede served as
chairman of Council last summer
quarter and according to Carolyn
Hibbard this should be valuable ex
perience for her.
She also announced that council
will take an active part in Pre-Reg
istration activities next fall.
Women's Council yesterday elected
Mary Morris Boggs vice-chairman
to succeed Jane Tanner, outgoing
officer. She will be under Gretchen
Ahlswede, who was elected several
weeks ago to replace Carolyn Hib
bard as chairman of Council.
Barbara Goodrich is the new sec
retary and Harriet Nash the new
.lockout chairn>an. Finishing her
term as secretary, Maxine Dailey
was elected Honor Code Chairman.
Gretchen Ahlswede served as
chairman of Council last summer
quarter and according to Carolyn
Hibbard this should be valuable ex
perience for her.
She also announced that council
will take an active part in Pre-Reg
istration activities next fall.
Women's Council yesterday elected
Mary Morris Boggs vice-chairman
to succeed Jane Tanner, outgoing
officer. She will be under Gretchen
Ahlswede, who was elected several
weeks ago to replace Carolyn Hib
bard as chairman of Council.
Barbara Goodrich is the new sec
retary and Harriet Nash the new
.lockout chairn>an. Finishing her
term as secretary, Maxine Dailey
was elected Honor Code Chairman.
Gretchen Ahlswede served as
chairman of Council last summer
quarter and according to Carolyn
Hibbard this should be valuable ex
perience for her.
She also announced that council
will take an active part in Pre-Reg
istration activities next fall.
Women's Council yesterday elected
Mary Morris Boggs vice-chairman
to succeed Jane Tanner, outgoing
officer. She will be under Gretchen
Ahlswede, who was elected several
weeks ago to replace Carolyn Hib
bard as chairman of Council.
Barbara Goodrich is the new sec
retary and Harriet Nash the new
.lockout chairn>an. Finishing her
term as secretary, Maxine Dailey
was elected Honor Code Chairman.
Gretchen Ahlswede served as
chairman of Council last summer
quarter and according to Carolyn
Hibbard this should be valuable ex
perience for her.
She also announced that council
will take an active part in Pre-Reg
istration activities next fall.
Women's Council yesterday elected
Mary Morris Boggs vice-chairman
to succeed Jane Tanner, outgoing
officer. She will be under Gretchen
Ahlswede, who was elected several
weeks ago to replace Carolyn Hib
bard as chairman of Council.
Barbara Goodrich is the new sec
retary and Harriet Nash the new
.lockout chairn>an. Finishing her
term as secretary, Maxine Dailey
was elected Honor Code Chairman.
Gretchen Ahlswede served as
chairman of Council last summer
quarter and according to Carolyn
Hibbard this should be valuable ex
perience for her.
She also announced that council
will take an active part in Pre-Reg
istration activities next fall.
Women's Council yesterday elected
Mary Morris Boggs vice-chairman
to succeed Jane Tanner, outgoing
officer. She will be under Gretchen
Ahlswede, who was elected several
weeks ago to replace Carolyn Hib
bard as chairman of Council.
Barbara Goodrich is the new sec
retary and Harriet Nash the new
.lockout chairn>an. Finishing her
term as secretary, Maxine Dailey
was elected Honor Code Chairman.
Gretchen Ahlswede served as
chairman of Council last summer
quarter and according to Carolyn
Hibbard this should be valuable ex
perience for her.
She also announced that council
will take an active part in Pre-Reg
istration activities next fall.
Women's Council yesterday elected
Mary Morris Boggs vice-chairman
to succeed Jane Tanner, outgoing
officer. She will be under Gretchen
Ahlswede, who was elected several
weeks ago to replace Carolyn Hib
bard as chairman of Council.
Barbara Goodrich is the new sec
retary and Harriet Nash the new
.lockout chairn>an. Finishing her
term as secretary, Maxine Dailey
was elected Honor Code Chairman.
Gretchen Ahlswede served as
chairman of Council last summer
quarter and according to Carolyn
Hibbard this should be valuable ex
perience for her.
She also announced that council
will take an active part in Pre-Reg
istration activities next fall.
Women's Council yesterday elected
Mary Morris Boggs vice-chairman
to succeed Jane Tanner, outgoing
officer. She will be under Gretchen
Ahlswede, who was elected several
weeks ago to replace Carolyn Hib
bard as chairman of Council.
Barbara Goodrich is the new sec
retary and Harriet Nash the new
.lockout chairn>an. Finishing her
term as secretary, Maxine Dailey
was elected Honor Code Chairman.
Gretchen Ahlswede served as
chairman of Council last summer
quarter and according to Carolyn
Hibbard this should be valuable ex
perience for her.
She also announced that council
will take an active part in Pre-Reg
istration activities next fall.
Women's Council yesterday elected
Mary Morris Boggs vice-chairman
to succeed Jane Tanner, outgoing
officer. She will be under Gretchen
Ahlswede, who was elected several
weeks ago to replace Carolyn Hib
bard as chairman of Council.
Barbara Goodrich is the new sec
retary and Harriet Nash the new
.lockout chairn>an. Finishing her
term as secretary, Maxine Dailey
was elected Honor Code Chairman.
Gretchen Ahlswede served as
chairman of Council last summer
quarter and according to Carolyn
Hibbard this should be valuable ex
perience for her.
She also announced that council
will take an active part in Pre-Reg
istration activities next fall.
Women's Council yesterday elected
Mary Morris Boggs vice-chairman
to succeed Jane Tanner, outgoing
officer. She will be under Gretchen
Ahlswede, who was elected several
weeks ago to replace Carolyn Hib
bard as chairman of Council.
Barbara Goodrich is the new sec
retary and Harriet Nash the new
.lockout chairn>an. Finishing her
term as secretary, Maxine Dailey
was elected Honor Code Chairman.
Gretchen Ahlswede served as
chairman of Council last summer
quarter and according to Carolyn
Hibbard this should be valuable ex
perience for her.
She also announced that council
will take an active part in Pre-Reg
istration activities next fall.
Women's Council yesterday elected
Mary Morris Boggs vice-chairman
to succeed Jane Tanner, outgoing
officer. She will be under Gretchen
Ahlswede, who was elected several
weeks ago to replace Carolyn Hib
bard as chairman of Council.
Barbara Goodrich is the new sec
retary and Harriet Nash the new
.lockout chairn>an. Finishing her
term as secretary, Maxine Dailey
was elected Honor Code Chairman.
Gretchen Ahlswede served as
chairman of Council last summer
quarter and according to Carolyn
Hibbard this should be valuable ex
perience for her.
She also announced that council
will take an active part in Pre-Reg
istration activities next fall.
Women's Council yesterday elected
Mary Morris Boggs vice-chairman
to succeed Jane Tanner, outgoing
officer. She will be under Gretchen
Ahlswede, who was elected several
weeks ago to replace Carolyn Hib
bard as chairman of Council.
Barbara Goodrich is the new sec
retary and Harriet Nash the new
.lockout chairn>an. Finishing her
term as secretary, Maxine Dailey
was elected Honor Code Chairman.
Gretchen Ahlswede served as
chairman of Council last summer
quarter and according to Carolyn
Hibbard this should be valuable ex
perience for her.
She also announced that council
will take an active part in Pre-Reg
istration activities next fall.
Women's Council yesterday elected
Mary Morris Boggs vice-chairman
to succeed Jane Tanner, outgoing
officer. She will be under Gretchen
Ahlswede, who was elected several
weeks ago to replace Carolyn Hib
bard as chairman of Council.
Barbara Goodrich is the new sec
retary and Harriet Nash the new
.lockout chairn>an. Finishing her
term as secretary, Maxine Dailey
was elected Honor Code Chairman.
Gretchen Ahlswede served as
chairman of Council last summer
quarter and according to Carolyn
Hibbard this should be valuable ex
perience for her.
She also announced that council
will take an active part in Pre-Reg
istration activities next fall.
Women's Council yesterday elected
Mary Morris Boggs vice-chairman
to succeed Jane Tanner, outgoing
officer. She will be under Gretchen
Ahlswede, who was elected several
weeks ago to replace Carolyn Hib
bard as chairman of Council.
Barbara Goodrich is the new sec
retary and Harriet Nash the new
.lockout chairn>an. Finishing her
term as secretary, Maxine Dailey
was elected Honor Code Chairman.
Gretchen Ahlswede served as
chairman of Council last summer
quarter and according to Carolyn
Hibbard this should be valuable ex
perience for her.
She also announced that council
will take an active part in Pre-Reg
istration activities next fall.
