# Orchesis To Give Recital Tonight
## 
### 
Contemporary dance classes will
present an informal program in the
dance studio of the Women's Gym
this evening from 7:30 to 8:30
o'clock. This will be the usual end
quarter open class hour.
Each class will present dances or
studies on which they have been
working during the quarter. This
quarter experimentation in move
ment and accompaniment have been
attempted objectives of the dance
classes.
Contemporary dance classes will
present an informal program in the
dance studio of the Women's Gym
this evening from 7:30 to 8:30
o'clock. This will be the usual end
quarter open class hour.
Each class will present dances or
studies on which they have been
working during the quarter. This
quarter experimentation in move
ment and accompaniment have been
attempted objectives of the dance
classes.
Contemporary dance classes will
present an informal program in the
dance studio of the Women's Gym
this evening from 7:30 to 8:30
o'clock. This will be the usual end
quarter open class hour.
Each class will present dances or
studies on which they have been
working during the quarter. This
quarter experimentation in move
ment and accompaniment have been
attempted objectives of the dance
classes.
Contemporary dance classes will
present an informal program in the
dance studio of the Women's Gym
this evening from 7:30 to 8:30
o'clock. This will be the usual end
quarter open class hour.
Each class will present dances or
studies on which they have been
working during the quarter. This
quarter experimentation in move
ment and accompaniment have been
attempted objectives of the dance
classes.
Contemporary dance classes will
present an informal program in the
dance studio of the Women's Gym
this evening from 7:30 to 8:30
o'clock. This will be the usual end
quarter open class hour.
Each class will present dances or
studies on which they have been
working during the quarter. This
quarter experimentation in move
ment and accompaniment have been
attempted objectives of the dance
classes.
Contemporary dance classes will
present an informal program in the
dance studio of the Women's Gym
this evening from 7:30 to 8:30
o'clock. This will be the usual end
quarter open class hour.
Each class will present dances or
studies on which they have been
working during the quarter. This
quarter experimentation in move
ment and accompaniment have been
attempted objectives of the dance
classes.
Contemporary dance classes will
present an informal program in the
dance studio of the Women's Gym
this evening from 7:30 to 8:30
o'clock. This will be the usual end
quarter open class hour.
Each class will present dances or
studies on which they have been
working during the quarter. This
quarter experimentation in move
ment and accompaniment have been
attempted objectives of the dance
classes.
Contemporary dance classes will
present an informal program in the
dance studio of the Women's Gym
this evening from 7:30 to 8:30
o'clock. This will be the usual end
quarter open class hour.
Each class will present dances or
studies on which they have been
working during the quarter. This
quarter experimentation in move
ment and accompaniment have been
attempted objectives of the dance
classes.
Contemporary dance classes will
present an informal program in the
dance studio of the Women's Gym
this evening from 7:30 to 8:30
o'clock. This will be the usual end
quarter open class hour.
Each class will present dances or
studies on which they have been
working during the quarter. This
quarter experimentation in move
ment and accompaniment have been
attempted objectives of the dance
classes.
Contemporary dance classes will
present an informal program in the
dance studio of the Women's Gym
this evening from 7:30 to 8:30
o'clock. This will be the usual end
quarter open class hour.
Each class will present dances or
studies on which they have been
working during the quarter. This
quarter experimentation in move
ment and accompaniment have been
attempted objectives of the dance
classes.
Contemporary dance classes will
present an informal program in the
dance studio of the Women's Gym
this evening from 7:30 to 8:30
o'clock. This will be the usual end
quarter open class hour.
Each class will present dances or
studies on which they have been
working during the quarter. This
quarter experimentation in move
ment and accompaniment have been
attempted objectives of the dance
classes.
Contemporary dance classes will
present an informal program in the
dance studio of the Women's Gym
this evening from 7:30 to 8:30
o'clock. This will be the usual end
quarter open class hour.
Each class will present dances or
studies on which they have been
working during the quarter. This
quarter experimentation in move
ment and accompaniment have been
attempted objectives of the dance
classes.
Contemporary dance classes will
present an informal program in the
dance studio of the Women's Gym
this evening from 7:30 to 8:30
o'clock. This will be the usual end
quarter open class hour.
Each class will present dances or
studies on which they have been
working during the quarter. This
quarter experimentation in move
ment and accompaniment have been
attempted objectives of the dance
classes.
Contemporary dance classes will
present an informal program in the
dance studio of the Women's Gym
this evening from 7:30 to 8:30
o'clock. This will be the usual end
quarter open class hour.
Each class will present dances or
studies on which they have been
working during the quarter. This
quarter experimentation in move
ment and accompaniment have been
attempted objectives of the dance
classes.
Contemporary dance classes will
present an informal program in the
dance studio of the Women's Gym
this evening from 7:30 to 8:30
o'clock. This will be the usual end
quarter open class hour.
Each class will present dances or
studies on which they have been
working during the quarter. This
quarter experimentation in move
ment and accompaniment have been
attempted objectives of the dance
classes.
