# Frosh Waterdogs Defeat Seniors
## 
### 
Coming from behind to score two
goals, the freshmen defeated the de
fending champion seniors 4-3 in the
second game of the annual inter
class waterpolo series yesterday aft
ernoon.
Despite tlie fact that old Jack
Loupe scored three goals by him
self, the ex-champs couldn't move
most of the time while the frosh
were able to get together whenever
the occasion demanded. Big Roy
Vitousek, yearling goalie, stopped a
lot of booming shots from Loupe and
Bill Hanna to keep the frosh in
front.
Coming from behind to score two
goals, the freshmen defeated the de
fending champion seniors 4-3 in the
second game of the annual inter
class waterpolo series yesterday aft
ernoon.
Despite tlie fact that old Jack
Loupe scored three goals by him
self, the ex-champs couldn't move
most of the time while the frosh
were able to get together whenever
the occasion demanded. Big Roy
Vitousek, yearling goalie, stopped a
lot of booming shots from Loupe and
Bill Hanna to keep the frosh in
front.
Coming from behind to score two
goals, the freshmen defeated the de
fending champion seniors 4-3 in the
second game of the annual inter
class waterpolo series yesterday aft
ernoon.
Despite tlie fact that old Jack
Loupe scored three goals by him
self, the ex-champs couldn't move
most of the time while the frosh
were able to get together whenever
the occasion demanded. Big Roy
Vitousek, yearling goalie, stopped a
lot of booming shots from Loupe and
Bill Hanna to keep the frosh in
front.
Coming from behind to score two
goals, the freshmen defeated the de
fending champion seniors 4-3 in the
second game of the annual inter
class waterpolo series yesterday aft
ernoon.
Despite tlie fact that old Jack
Loupe scored three goals by him
self, the ex-champs couldn't move
most of the time while the frosh
were able to get together whenever
the occasion demanded. Big Roy
Vitousek, yearling goalie, stopped a
lot of booming shots from Loupe and
Bill Hanna to keep the frosh in
front.
Coming from behind to score two
goals, the freshmen defeated the de
fending champion seniors 4-3 in the
second game of the annual inter
class waterpolo series yesterday aft
ernoon.
Despite tlie fact that old Jack
Loupe scored three goals by him
self, the ex-champs couldn't move
most of the time while the frosh
were able to get together whenever
the occasion demanded. Big Roy
Vitousek, yearling goalie, stopped a
lot of booming shots from Loupe and
Bill Hanna to keep the frosh in
front.
Coming from behind to score two
goals, the freshmen defeated the de
fending champion seniors 4-3 in the
second game of the annual inter
class waterpolo series yesterday aft
ernoon.
Despite tlie fact that old Jack
Loupe scored three goals by him
self, the ex-champs couldn't move
most of the time while the frosh
were able to get together whenever
the occasion demanded. Big Roy
Vitousek, yearling goalie, stopped a
lot of booming shots from Loupe and
Bill Hanna to keep the frosh in
front.
Coming from behind to score two
goals, the freshmen defeated the de
fending champion seniors 4-3 in the
second game of the annual inter
class waterpolo series yesterday aft
ernoon.
Despite tlie fact that old Jack
Loupe scored three goals by him
self, the ex-champs couldn't move
most of the time while the frosh
were able to get together whenever
the occasion demanded. Big Roy
Vitousek, yearling goalie, stopped a
lot of booming shots from Loupe and
Bill Hanna to keep the frosh in
front.
Coming from behind to score two
goals, the freshmen defeated the de
fending champion seniors 4-3 in the
second game of the annual inter
class waterpolo series yesterday aft
ernoon.
Despite tlie fact that old Jack
Loupe scored three goals by him
self, the ex-champs couldn't move
most of the time while the frosh
were able to get together whenever
the occasion demanded. Big Roy
Vitousek, yearling goalie, stopped a
lot of booming shots from Loupe and
Bill Hanna to keep the frosh in
front.
Coming from behind to score two
goals, the freshmen defeated the de
fending champion seniors 4-3 in the
second game of the annual inter
class waterpolo series yesterday aft
ernoon.
Despite tlie fact that old Jack
Loupe scored three goals by him
self, the ex-champs couldn't move
most of the time while the frosh
were able to get together whenever
the occasion demanded. Big Roy
Vitousek, yearling goalie, stopped a
lot of booming shots from Loupe and
Bill Hanna to keep the frosh in
front.
Coming from behind to score two
goals, the freshmen defeated the de
fending champion seniors 4-3 in the
second game of the annual inter
class waterpolo series yesterday aft
ernoon.
Despite tlie fact that old Jack
Loupe scored three goals by him
self, the ex-champs couldn't move
most of the time while the frosh
were able to get together whenever
the occasion demanded. Big Roy
Vitousek, yearling goalie, stopped a
lot of booming shots from Loupe and
Bill Hanna to keep the frosh in
front.
Coming from behind to score two
goals, the freshmen defeated the de
fending champion seniors 4-3 in the
second game of the annual inter
class waterpolo series yesterday aft
ernoon.
Despite tlie fact that old Jack
Loupe scored three goals by him
self, the ex-champs couldn't move
most of the time while the frosh
were able to get together whenever
the occasion demanded. Big Roy
Vitousek, yearling goalie, stopped a
lot of booming shots from Loupe and
Bill Hanna to keep the frosh in
front.
Coming from behind to score two
goals, the freshmen defeated the de
fending champion seniors 4-3 in the
second game of the annual inter
class waterpolo series yesterday aft
ernoon.
Despite tlie fact that old Jack
Loupe scored three goals by him
self, the ex-champs couldn't move
most of the time while the frosh
were able to get together whenever
the occasion demanded. Big Roy
Vitousek, yearling goalie, stopped a
lot of booming shots from Loupe and
Bill Hanna to keep the frosh in
front.
Coming from behind to score two
goals, the freshmen defeated the de
fending champion seniors 4-3 in the
second game of the annual inter
class waterpolo series yesterday aft
ernoon.
Despite tlie fact that old Jack
Loupe scored three goals by him
self, the ex-champs couldn't move
most of the time while the frosh
were able to get together whenever
the occasion demanded. Big Roy
Vitousek, yearling goalie, stopped a
lot of booming shots from Loupe and
Bill Hanna to keep the frosh in
front.
Coming from behind to score two
goals, the freshmen defeated the de
fending champion seniors 4-3 in the
second game of the annual inter
class waterpolo series yesterday aft
ernoon.
Despite tlie fact that old Jack
Loupe scored three goals by him
self, the ex-champs couldn't move
most of the time while the frosh
were able to get together whenever
the occasion demanded. Big Roy
Vitousek, yearling goalie, stopped a
lot of booming shots from Loupe and
Bill Hanna to keep the frosh in
front.
Coming from behind to score two
goals, the freshmen defeated the de
fending champion seniors 4-3 in the
second game of the annual inter
class waterpolo series yesterday aft
ernoon.
Despite tlie fact that old Jack
Loupe scored three goals by him
self, the ex-champs couldn't move
most of the time while the frosh
were able to get together whenever
the occasion demanded. Big Roy
Vitousek, yearling goalie, stopped a
lot of booming shots from Loupe and
Bill Hanna to keep the frosh in
front.
