# Crawford Trial
## 
### 
Stanford graduate student in
chemistry Charles Perry Crawford
•nt to trial recently on draft eva
sion charges. Crawtord was tried
without a jury by Federal Judge
Edward P. Murphy.
Stanford graduate student in
chemistry Charles Perry Crawford
•nt to trial recently on draft eva
sion charges. Crawtord was tried
without a jury by Federal Judge
Edward P. Murphy.
Stanford graduate student in
chemistry Charles Perry Crawford
•nt to trial recently on draft eva
sion charges. Crawtord was tried
without a jury by Federal Judge
Edward P. Murphy.
Stanford graduate student in
chemistry Charles Perry Crawford
•nt to trial recently on draft eva
sion charges. Crawtord was tried
without a jury by Federal Judge
Edward P. Murphy.
Stanford graduate student in
chemistry Charles Perry Crawford
•nt to trial recently on draft eva
sion charges. Crawtord was tried
without a jury by Federal Judge
Edward P. Murphy.
Stanford graduate student in
chemistry Charles Perry Crawford
•nt to trial recently on draft eva
sion charges. Crawtord was tried
without a jury by Federal Judge
Edward P. Murphy.
Stanford graduate student in
chemistry Charles Perry Crawford
•nt to trial recently on draft eva
sion charges. Crawtord was tried
without a jury by Federal Judge
Edward P. Murphy.
Stanford graduate student in
chemistry Charles Perry Crawford
•nt to trial recently on draft eva
sion charges. Crawtord was tried
without a jury by Federal Judge
Edward P. Murphy.
Stanford graduate student in
chemistry Charles Perry Crawford
•nt to trial recently on draft eva
sion charges. Crawtord was tried
without a jury by Federal Judge
Edward P. Murphy.
Stanford graduate student in
chemistry Charles Perry Crawford
•nt to trial recently on draft eva
sion charges. Crawtord was tried
without a jury by Federal Judge
Edward P. Murphy.
Stanford graduate student in
chemistry Charles Perry Crawford
•nt to trial recently on draft eva
sion charges. Crawtord was tried
without a jury by Federal Judge
Edward P. Murphy.
Stanford graduate student in
chemistry Charles Perry Crawford
•nt to trial recently on draft eva
sion charges. Crawtord was tried
without a jury by Federal Judge
Edward P. Murphy.
Stanford graduate student in
chemistry Charles Perry Crawford
•nt to trial recently on draft eva
sion charges. Crawtord was tried
without a jury by Federal Judge
Edward P. Murphy.
Stanford graduate student in
chemistry Charles Perry Crawford
•nt to trial recently on draft eva
sion charges. Crawtord was tried
without a jury by Federal Judge
Edward P. Murphy.
