# Bramel Injured
## 
### 
Hadley R. Bramcl, owner and
manager of Tungsten Properties in
Nevada and former assistant pro
fessor of mining engineering at
Stanford, was injured in an auto
mobile accident on Sandhill Road
Dec. 22.
Hadley R. Bramcl, owner and
manager of Tungsten Properties in
Nevada and former assistant pro
fessor of mining engineering at
Stanford, was injured in an auto
mobile accident on Sandhill Road
Dec. 22.
Hadley R. Bramcl, owner and
manager of Tungsten Properties in
Nevada and former assistant pro
fessor of mining engineering at
Stanford, was injured in an auto
mobile accident on Sandhill Road
Dec. 22.
Hadley R. Bramcl, owner and
manager of Tungsten Properties in
Nevada and former assistant pro
fessor of mining engineering at
Stanford, was injured in an auto
mobile accident on Sandhill Road
Dec. 22.
Hadley R. Bramcl, owner and
manager of Tungsten Properties in
Nevada and former assistant pro
fessor of mining engineering at
Stanford, was injured in an auto
mobile accident on Sandhill Road
Dec. 22.
Hadley R. Bramcl, owner and
manager of Tungsten Properties in
Nevada and former assistant pro
fessor of mining engineering at
Stanford, was injured in an auto
mobile accident on Sandhill Road
Dec. 22.
Hadley R. Bramcl, owner and
manager of Tungsten Properties in
Nevada and former assistant pro
fessor of mining engineering at
Stanford, was injured in an auto
mobile accident on Sandhill Road
Dec. 22.
Hadley R. Bramcl, owner and
manager of Tungsten Properties in
Nevada and former assistant pro
fessor of mining engineering at
Stanford, was injured in an auto
mobile accident on Sandhill Road
Dec. 22.
Hadley R. Bramcl, owner and
manager of Tungsten Properties in
Nevada and former assistant pro
fessor of mining engineering at
Stanford, was injured in an auto
mobile accident on Sandhill Road
Dec. 22.
Hadley R. Bramcl, owner and
manager of Tungsten Properties in
Nevada and former assistant pro
fessor of mining engineering at
Stanford, was injured in an auto
mobile accident on Sandhill Road
Dec. 22.
Hadley R. Bramcl, owner and
manager of Tungsten Properties in
Nevada and former assistant pro
fessor of mining engineering at
Stanford, was injured in an auto
mobile accident on Sandhill Road
Dec. 22.
Hadley R. Bramcl, owner and
manager of Tungsten Properties in
Nevada and former assistant pro
fessor of mining engineering at
Stanford, was injured in an auto
mobile accident on Sandhill Road
Dec. 22.
Hadley R. Bramcl, owner and
manager of Tungsten Properties in
Nevada and former assistant pro
fessor of mining engineering at
Stanford, was injured in an auto
mobile accident on Sandhill Road
Dec. 22.
Hadley R. Bramcl, owner and
manager of Tungsten Properties in
Nevada and former assistant pro
fessor of mining engineering at
Stanford, was injured in an auto
mobile accident on Sandhill Road
Dec. 22.
