# Comedy Committee Meets.
## 
### 
At a meeting of the Sophomore
Comedy Committee held yesterday
afternoon the reports of the chair
men of the various sub-committees
were received. Preparations are
progressing rapidly, and the com
mittee in charge is confident that
the production will he attended
with great success. The poster for
the comedy will he out early next
week, and will be placed on sale at
the Bookstore. It is the work of
Miss Clara Lathrop,'o6.
At a meeting of the Sophomore
Comedy Committee held yesterday
afternoon the reports of the chair
men of the various sub-committees
were received. Preparations are
progressing rapidly, and the com
mittee in charge is confident that
the production will he attended
with great success. The poster for
the comedy will he out early next
week, and will be placed on sale at
the Bookstore. It is the work of
Miss Clara Lathrop,'o6.
At a meeting of the Sophomore
Comedy Committee held yesterday
afternoon the reports of the chair
men of the various sub-committees
were received. Preparations are
progressing rapidly, and the com
mittee in charge is confident that
the production will he attended
with great success. The poster for
the comedy will he out early next
week, and will be placed on sale at
the Bookstore. It is the work of
Miss Clara Lathrop,'o6.
At a meeting of the Sophomore
Comedy Committee held yesterday
afternoon the reports of the chair
men of the various sub-committees
were received. Preparations are
progressing rapidly, and the com
mittee in charge is confident that
the production will he attended
with great success. The poster for
the comedy will he out early next
week, and will be placed on sale at
the Bookstore. It is the work of
Miss Clara Lathrop,'o6.
At a meeting of the Sophomore
Comedy Committee held yesterday
afternoon the reports of the chair
men of the various sub-committees
were received. Preparations are
progressing rapidly, and the com
mittee in charge is confident that
the production will he attended
with great success. The poster for
the comedy will he out early next
week, and will be placed on sale at
the Bookstore. It is the work of
Miss Clara Lathrop,'o6.
At a meeting of the Sophomore
Comedy Committee held yesterday
afternoon the reports of the chair
men of the various sub-committees
were received. Preparations are
progressing rapidly, and the com
mittee in charge is confident that
the production will he attended
with great success. The poster for
the comedy will he out early next
week, and will be placed on sale at
the Bookstore. It is the work of
Miss Clara Lathrop,'o6.
At a meeting of the Sophomore
Comedy Committee held yesterday
afternoon the reports of the chair
men of the various sub-committees
were received. Preparations are
progressing rapidly, and the com
mittee in charge is confident that
the production will he attended
with great success. The poster for
the comedy will he out early next
week, and will be placed on sale at
the Bookstore. It is the work of
Miss Clara Lathrop,'o6.
At a meeting of the Sophomore
Comedy Committee held yesterday
afternoon the reports of the chair
men of the various sub-committees
were received. Preparations are
progressing rapidly, and the com
mittee in charge is confident that
the production will he attended
with great success. The poster for
the comedy will he out early next
week, and will be placed on sale at
the Bookstore. It is the work of
Miss Clara Lathrop,'o6.
