# Dr. Carlson at Stanford.
## 
### 
Dr. Anton J. Carlson, Ph. 1). '02,
assistant in the Physiology depart
ment, will he at the University for
several weeks. He has been spend
ing the last nine months at Pacific
Grove on a leave of absence doing
research work for the Carnegie
Institute. Dr. Carlson is here pre
paring an article on "The Physi
ology of the Invertebrate Heart,"
soon to be published by the Car
negie Institute. He received the
appointment as research assistant
in physiology from the Institute
last March, and has been doing
work in the physiological labora
tories in the Hopkins Seaside
Laboratory at Pacific Grove. The
special subject of Dr. Carlson's
investigations is the mechanism of
the heart in invertebrates.
