# Ram's Head Pictures to Be Displayed Tomorrow
## Comedians of "Routing Razmataz" Are Entertained at Mexican Garden Party. 
### 
Costume portraits and scenes of the
entire cast of '•Routing Razmataz," the
big fun show to be produced by Ram's
Head on October 23, will be posted on
the Quad tomorrow. The pictures give
an excellent impression of the rollick
ing character of the production.
The members of the cast posed for
these photographs in the gardens of
"Senorita Ysabel Adagal" yesterday af
ternoon. Since the "Senorita Ysabel"
is still in mourning for the death of
her father, the late president of Mexi
co, the party was a very quiet affair.
Among the notables present were John
Linde, American ambassador to Mexi
co, and Miss Mayme Razmataz, the
well-known advocate of woman suf
frage.
Ram's Head is very fortunate in se
curing B. H. Lasky, '12, an original
Ram's Head man, for the comedy lead
of "John Linde." Lasky is a comedian
with a professional swing rarely found
in college operatic productions. His
creation of "Monsieur Fromage de
Brie," the French detective in"The
Follies of Stanford," in 1911, and as
the broken-down tragedian, "A. Hum
dinger Booth," in "Rambling Rameses,"
are well-remembered comedy tri
umphs. in his present role, Lasky will
display his ability along new and orig
inal lines, us a diplomat who is inter
ested more in grape-juice than in di
plomacy.
A hair-raising attack on the presi
dent's mansion by an infuriated Mexi
can populace; four presidents elected
and deposed in a single night; a beau
tiful balcony love serenade; a moving
picture show in rehearsal; side-lights
on a Mexican president's breakfast; a
grape-juice .revel in the president's
gardens; a death struggle in the dark;
these and many other unique special
ties insure "Routing Razmataz" the
greatest success of any Ram's Head
production.
Costume portraits and scenes of the
entire cast of '•Routing Razmataz," the
big fun show to be produced by Ram's
Head on October 23, will be posted on
the Quad tomorrow. The pictures give
an excellent impression of the rollick
ing character of the production.
The members of the cast posed for
these photographs in the gardens of
"Senorita Ysabel Adagal" yesterday af
ternoon. Since the "Senorita Ysabel"
is still in mourning for the death of
her father, the late president of Mexi
co, the party was a very quiet affair.
Among the notables present were John
Linde, American ambassador to Mexi
co, and Miss Mayme Razmataz, the
well-known advocate of woman suf
frage.
Ram's Head is very fortunate in se
curing B. H. Lasky, '12, an original
Ram's Head man, for the comedy lead
of "John Linde." Lasky is a comedian
with a professional swing rarely found
in college operatic productions. His
creation of "Monsieur Fromage de
Brie," the French detective in"The
Follies of Stanford," in 1911, and as
the broken-down tragedian, "A. Hum
dinger Booth," in "Rambling Rameses,"
are well-remembered comedy tri
umphs. in his present role, Lasky will
display his ability along new and orig
inal lines, us a diplomat who is inter
ested more in grape-juice than in di
plomacy.
A hair-raising attack on the presi
dent's mansion by an infuriated Mexi
can populace; four presidents elected
and deposed in a single night; a beau
tiful balcony love serenade; a moving
picture show in rehearsal; side-lights
on a Mexican president's breakfast; a
grape-juice .revel in the president's
gardens; a death struggle in the dark;
these and many other unique special
ties insure "Routing Razmataz" the
greatest success of any Ram's Head
production.
Costume portraits and scenes of the
entire cast of '•Routing Razmataz," the
big fun show to be produced by Ram's
Head on October 23, will be posted on
the Quad tomorrow. The pictures give
an excellent impression of the rollick
ing character of the production.
The members of the cast posed for
these photographs in the gardens of
"Senorita Ysabel Adagal" yesterday af
ternoon. Since the "Senorita Ysabel"
is still in mourning for the death of
her father, the late president of Mexi
co, the party was a very quiet affair.
Among the notables present were John
Linde, American ambassador to Mexi
co, and Miss Mayme Razmataz, the
well-known advocate of woman suf
frage.
Ram's Head is very fortunate in se
curing B. H. Lasky, '12, an original
Ram's Head man, for the comedy lead
of "John Linde." Lasky is a comedian
with a professional swing rarely found
in college operatic productions. His
creation of "Monsieur Fromage de
Brie," the French detective in"The
Follies of Stanford," in 1911, and as
the broken-down tragedian, "A. Hum
dinger Booth," in "Rambling Rameses,"
are well-remembered comedy tri
umphs. in his present role, Lasky will
display his ability along new and orig
inal lines, us a diplomat who is inter
ested more in grape-juice than in di
plomacy.
A hair-raising attack on the presi
dent's mansion by an infuriated Mexi
can populace; four presidents elected
and deposed in a single night; a beau
tiful balcony love serenade; a moving
picture show in rehearsal; side-lights
on a Mexican president's breakfast; a
grape-juice .revel in the president's
gardens; a death struggle in the dark;
these and many other unique special
ties insure "Routing Razmataz" the
greatest success of any Ram's Head
production.
Costume portraits and scenes of the
entire cast of '•Routing Razmataz," the
big fun show to be produced by Ram's
Head on October 23, will be posted on
the Quad tomorrow. The pictures give
an excellent impression of the rollick
ing character of the production.
The members of the cast posed for
these photographs in the gardens of
"Senorita Ysabel Adagal" yesterday af
ternoon. Since the "Senorita Ysabel"
is still in mourning for the death of
her father, the late president of Mexi
co, the party was a very quiet affair.
Among the notables present were John
Linde, American ambassador to Mexi
co, and Miss Mayme Razmataz, the
well-known advocate of woman suf
frage.
Ram's Head is very fortunate in se
curing B. H. Lasky, '12, an original
Ram's Head man, for the comedy lead
of "John Linde." Lasky is a comedian
with a professional swing rarely found
in college operatic productions. His
creation of "Monsieur Fromage de
Brie," the French detective in"The
Follies of Stanford," in 1911, and as
the broken-down tragedian, "A. Hum
dinger Booth," in "Rambling Rameses,"
are well-remembered comedy tri
umphs. in his present role, Lasky will
display his ability along new and orig
inal lines, us a diplomat who is inter
ested more in grape-juice than in di
plomacy.
A hair-raising attack on the presi
dent's mansion by an infuriated Mexi
can populace; four presidents elected
and deposed in a single night; a beau
tiful balcony love serenade; a moving
picture show in rehearsal; side-lights
on a Mexican president's breakfast; a
grape-juice .revel in the president's
gardens; a death struggle in the dark;
these and many other unique special
ties insure "Routing Razmataz" the
greatest success of any Ram's Head
production.
Costume portraits and scenes of the
entire cast of '•Routing Razmataz," the
big fun show to be produced by Ram's
Head on October 23, will be posted on
the Quad tomorrow. The pictures give
an excellent impression of the rollick
ing character of the production.
The members of the cast posed for
these photographs in the gardens of
"Senorita Ysabel Adagal" yesterday af
ternoon. Since the "Senorita Ysabel"
is still in mourning for the death of
her father, the late president of Mexi
co, the party was a very quiet affair.
Among the notables present were John
Linde, American ambassador to Mexi
co, and Miss Mayme Razmataz, the
well-known advocate of woman suf
frage.
Ram's Head is very fortunate in se
curing B. H. Lasky, '12, an original
Ram's Head man, for the comedy lead
of "John Linde." Lasky is a comedian
with a professional swing rarely found
in college operatic productions. His
creation of "Monsieur Fromage de
Brie," the French detective in"The
Follies of Stanford," in 1911, and as
the broken-down tragedian, "A. Hum
dinger Booth," in "Rambling Rameses,"
are well-remembered comedy tri
umphs. in his present role, Lasky will
display his ability along new and orig
inal lines, us a diplomat who is inter
ested more in grape-juice than in di
plomacy.
A hair-raising attack on the presi
dent's mansion by an infuriated Mexi
can populace; four presidents elected
and deposed in a single night; a beau
tiful balcony love serenade; a moving
picture show in rehearsal; side-lights
on a Mexican president's breakfast; a
grape-juice .revel in the president's
gardens; a death struggle in the dark;
these and many other unique special
ties insure "Routing Razmataz" the
greatest success of any Ram's Head
production.
Costume portraits and scenes of the
entire cast of '•Routing Razmataz," the
big fun show to be produced by Ram's
Head on October 23, will be posted on
the Quad tomorrow. The pictures give
an excellent impression of the rollick
ing character of the production.
The members of the cast posed for
these photographs in the gardens of
"Senorita Ysabel Adagal" yesterday af
ternoon. Since the "Senorita Ysabel"
is still in mourning for the death of
her father, the late president of Mexi
co, the party was a very quiet affair.
Among the notables present were John
Linde, American ambassador to Mexi
co, and Miss Mayme Razmataz, the
well-known advocate of woman suf
frage.
Ram's Head is very fortunate in se
curing B. H. Lasky, '12, an original
Ram's Head man, for the comedy lead
of "John Linde." Lasky is a comedian
with a professional swing rarely found
in college operatic productions. His
creation of "Monsieur Fromage de
Brie," the French detective in"The
Follies of Stanford," in 1911, and as
the broken-down tragedian, "A. Hum
dinger Booth," in "Rambling Rameses,"
are well-remembered comedy tri
umphs. in his present role, Lasky will
display his ability along new and orig
inal lines, us a diplomat who is inter
ested more in grape-juice than in di
plomacy.
A hair-raising attack on the presi
dent's mansion by an infuriated Mexi
can populace; four presidents elected
and deposed in a single night; a beau
tiful balcony love serenade; a moving
picture show in rehearsal; side-lights
on a Mexican president's breakfast; a
grape-juice .revel in the president's
gardens; a death struggle in the dark;
these and many other unique special
ties insure "Routing Razmataz" the
greatest success of any Ram's Head
production.
Costume portraits and scenes of the
entire cast of '•Routing Razmataz," the
big fun show to be produced by Ram's
Head on October 23, will be posted on
the Quad tomorrow. The pictures give
an excellent impression of the rollick
ing character of the production.
The members of the cast posed for
these photographs in the gardens of
"Senorita Ysabel Adagal" yesterday af
ternoon. Since the "Senorita Ysabel"
is still in mourning for the death of
her father, the late president of Mexi
co, the party was a very quiet affair.
Among the notables present were John
Linde, American ambassador to Mexi
co, and Miss Mayme Razmataz, the
well-known advocate of woman suf
frage.
Ram's Head is very fortunate in se
curing B. H. Lasky, '12, an original
Ram's Head man, for the comedy lead
of "John Linde." Lasky is a comedian
with a professional swing rarely found
in college operatic productions. His
creation of "Monsieur Fromage de
Brie," the French detective in"The
Follies of Stanford," in 1911, and as
the broken-down tragedian, "A. Hum
dinger Booth," in "Rambling Rameses,"
are well-remembered comedy tri
umphs. in his present role, Lasky will
display his ability along new and orig
inal lines, us a diplomat who is inter
ested more in grape-juice than in di
plomacy.
A hair-raising attack on the presi
dent's mansion by an infuriated Mexi
can populace; four presidents elected
and deposed in a single night; a beau
tiful balcony love serenade; a moving
picture show in rehearsal; side-lights
on a Mexican president's breakfast; a
grape-juice .revel in the president's
gardens; a death struggle in the dark;
these and many other unique special
ties insure "Routing Razmataz" the
greatest success of any Ram's Head
production.
Costume portraits and scenes of the
entire cast of '•Routing Razmataz," the
big fun show to be produced by Ram's
Head on October 23, will be posted on
the Quad tomorrow. The pictures give
an excellent impression of the rollick
ing character of the production.
The members of the cast posed for
these photographs in the gardens of
"Senorita Ysabel Adagal" yesterday af
ternoon. Since the "Senorita Ysabel"
is still in mourning for the death of
her father, the late president of Mexi
co, the party was a very quiet affair.
Among the notables present were John
Linde, American ambassador to Mexi
co, and Miss Mayme Razmataz, the
well-known advocate of woman suf
frage.
Ram's Head is very fortunate in se
curing B. H. Lasky, '12, an original
Ram's Head man, for the comedy lead
of "John Linde." Lasky is a comedian
with a professional swing rarely found
in college operatic productions. His
creation of "Monsieur Fromage de
Brie," the French detective in"The
Follies of Stanford," in 1911, and as
the broken-down tragedian, "A. Hum
dinger Booth," in "Rambling Rameses,"
are well-remembered comedy tri
umphs. in his present role, Lasky will
display his ability along new and orig
inal lines, us a diplomat who is inter
ested more in grape-juice than in di
plomacy.
A hair-raising attack on the presi
dent's mansion by an infuriated Mexi
can populace; four presidents elected
and deposed in a single night; a beau
tiful balcony love serenade; a moving
picture show in rehearsal; side-lights
on a Mexican president's breakfast; a
grape-juice .revel in the president's
gardens; a death struggle in the dark;
these and many other unique special
ties insure "Routing Razmataz" the
greatest success of any Ram's Head
production.
Costume portraits and scenes of the
entire cast of '•Routing Razmataz," the
big fun show to be produced by Ram's
Head on October 23, will be posted on
the Quad tomorrow. The pictures give
an excellent impression of the rollick
ing character of the production.
The members of the cast posed for
these photographs in the gardens of
"Senorita Ysabel Adagal" yesterday af
ternoon. Since the "Senorita Ysabel"
is still in mourning for the death of
her father, the late president of Mexi
co, the party was a very quiet affair.
Among the notables present were John
Linde, American ambassador to Mexi
co, and Miss Mayme Razmataz, the
well-known advocate of woman suf
frage.
Ram's Head is very fortunate in se
curing B. H. Lasky, '12, an original
Ram's Head man, for the comedy lead
of "John Linde." Lasky is a comedian
with a professional swing rarely found
in college operatic productions. His
creation of "Monsieur Fromage de
Brie," the French detective in"The
Follies of Stanford," in 1911, and as
the broken-down tragedian, "A. Hum
dinger Booth," in "Rambling Rameses,"
are well-remembered comedy tri
umphs. in his present role, Lasky will
display his ability along new and orig
inal lines, us a diplomat who is inter
ested more in grape-juice than in di
plomacy.
A hair-raising attack on the presi
dent's mansion by an infuriated Mexi
can populace; four presidents elected
and deposed in a single night; a beau
tiful balcony love serenade; a moving
picture show in rehearsal; side-lights
on a Mexican president's breakfast; a
grape-juice .revel in the president's
gardens; a death struggle in the dark;
these and many other unique special
ties insure "Routing Razmataz" the
greatest success of any Ram's Head
production.
Costume portraits and scenes of the
entire cast of '•Routing Razmataz," the
big fun show to be produced by Ram's
Head on October 23, will be posted on
the Quad tomorrow. The pictures give
an excellent impression of the rollick
ing character of the production.
The members of the cast posed for
these photographs in the gardens of
"Senorita Ysabel Adagal" yesterday af
ternoon. Since the "Senorita Ysabel"
is still in mourning for the death of
her father, the late president of Mexi
co, the party was a very quiet affair.
Among the notables present were John
Linde, American ambassador to Mexi
co, and Miss Mayme Razmataz, the
well-known advocate of woman suf
frage.
Ram's Head is very fortunate in se
curing B. H. Lasky, '12, an original
Ram's Head man, for the comedy lead
of "John Linde." Lasky is a comedian
with a professional swing rarely found
in college operatic productions. His
creation of "Monsieur Fromage de
Brie," the French detective in"The
Follies of Stanford," in 1911, and as
the broken-down tragedian, "A. Hum
dinger Booth," in "Rambling Rameses,"
are well-remembered comedy tri
umphs. in his present role, Lasky will
display his ability along new and orig
inal lines, us a diplomat who is inter
ested more in grape-juice than in di
plomacy.
A hair-raising attack on the presi
dent's mansion by an infuriated Mexi
can populace; four presidents elected
and deposed in a single night; a beau
tiful balcony love serenade; a moving
picture show in rehearsal; side-lights
on a Mexican president's breakfast; a
grape-juice .revel in the president's
gardens; a death struggle in the dark;
these and many other unique special
ties insure "Routing Razmataz" the
greatest success of any Ram's Head
production.
Costume portraits and scenes of the
entire cast of '•Routing Razmataz," the
big fun show to be produced by Ram's
Head on October 23, will be posted on
the Quad tomorrow. The pictures give
an excellent impression of the rollick
ing character of the production.
The members of the cast posed for
these photographs in the gardens of
"Senorita Ysabel Adagal" yesterday af
ternoon. Since the "Senorita Ysabel"
is still in mourning for the death of
her father, the late president of Mexi
co, the party was a very quiet affair.
Among the notables present were John
Linde, American ambassador to Mexi
co, and Miss Mayme Razmataz, the
well-known advocate of woman suf
frage.
Ram's Head is very fortunate in se
curing B. H. Lasky, '12, an original
Ram's Head man, for the comedy lead
of "John Linde." Lasky is a comedian
with a professional swing rarely found
in college operatic productions. His
creation of "Monsieur Fromage de
Brie," the French detective in"The
Follies of Stanford," in 1911, and as
the broken-down tragedian, "A. Hum
dinger Booth," in "Rambling Rameses,"
are well-remembered comedy tri
umphs. in his present role, Lasky will
display his ability along new and orig
inal lines, us a diplomat who is inter
ested more in grape-juice than in di
plomacy.
A hair-raising attack on the presi
dent's mansion by an infuriated Mexi
can populace; four presidents elected
and deposed in a single night; a beau
tiful balcony love serenade; a moving
picture show in rehearsal; side-lights
on a Mexican president's breakfast; a
grape-juice .revel in the president's
gardens; a death struggle in the dark;
these and many other unique special
ties insure "Routing Razmataz" the
greatest success of any Ram's Head
production.
Costume portraits and scenes of the
entire cast of '•Routing Razmataz," the
big fun show to be produced by Ram's
Head on October 23, will be posted on
the Quad tomorrow. The pictures give
an excellent impression of the rollick
ing character of the production.
The members of the cast posed for
these photographs in the gardens of
"Senorita Ysabel Adagal" yesterday af
ternoon. Since the "Senorita Ysabel"
is still in mourning for the death of
her father, the late president of Mexi
co, the party was a very quiet affair.
Among the notables present were John
Linde, American ambassador to Mexi
co, and Miss Mayme Razmataz, the
well-known advocate of woman suf
frage.
Ram's Head is very fortunate in se
curing B. H. Lasky, '12, an original
Ram's Head man, for the comedy lead
of "John Linde." Lasky is a comedian
with a professional swing rarely found
in college operatic productions. His
creation of "Monsieur Fromage de
Brie," the French detective in"The
Follies of Stanford," in 1911, and as
the broken-down tragedian, "A. Hum
dinger Booth," in "Rambling Rameses,"
are well-remembered comedy tri
umphs. in his present role, Lasky will
display his ability along new and orig
inal lines, us a diplomat who is inter
ested more in grape-juice than in di
plomacy.
A hair-raising attack on the presi
dent's mansion by an infuriated Mexi
can populace; four presidents elected
and deposed in a single night; a beau
tiful balcony love serenade; a moving
picture show in rehearsal; side-lights
on a Mexican president's breakfast; a
grape-juice .revel in the president's
gardens; a death struggle in the dark;
these and many other unique special
ties insure "Routing Razmataz" the
greatest success of any Ram's Head
production.
Costume portraits and scenes of the
entire cast of '•Routing Razmataz," the
big fun show to be produced by Ram's
Head on October 23, will be posted on
the Quad tomorrow. The pictures give
an excellent impression of the rollick
ing character of the production.
The members of the cast posed for
these photographs in the gardens of
"Senorita Ysabel Adagal" yesterday af
ternoon. Since the "Senorita Ysabel"
is still in mourning for the death of
her father, the late president of Mexi
co, the party was a very quiet affair.
Among the notables present were John
Linde, American ambassador to Mexi
co, and Miss Mayme Razmataz, the
well-known advocate of woman suf
frage.
Ram's Head is very fortunate in se
curing B. H. Lasky, '12, an original
Ram's Head man, for the comedy lead
of "John Linde." Lasky is a comedian
with a professional swing rarely found
in college operatic productions. His
creation of "Monsieur Fromage de
Brie," the French detective in"The
Follies of Stanford," in 1911, and as
the broken-down tragedian, "A. Hum
dinger Booth," in "Rambling Rameses,"
are well-remembered comedy tri
umphs. in his present role, Lasky will
display his ability along new and orig
inal lines, us a diplomat who is inter
ested more in grape-juice than in di
plomacy.
A hair-raising attack on the presi
dent's mansion by an infuriated Mexi
can populace; four presidents elected
and deposed in a single night; a beau
tiful balcony love serenade; a moving
picture show in rehearsal; side-lights
on a Mexican president's breakfast; a
grape-juice .revel in the president's
gardens; a death struggle in the dark;
these and many other unique special
ties insure "Routing Razmataz" the
greatest success of any Ram's Head
production.
Costume portraits and scenes of the
entire cast of '•Routing Razmataz," the
big fun show to be produced by Ram's
Head on October 23, will be posted on
the Quad tomorrow. The pictures give
an excellent impression of the rollick
ing character of the production.
The members of the cast posed for
these photographs in the gardens of
"Senorita Ysabel Adagal" yesterday af
ternoon. Since the "Senorita Ysabel"
is still in mourning for the death of
her father, the late president of Mexi
co, the party was a very quiet affair.
Among the notables present were John
Linde, American ambassador to Mexi
co, and Miss Mayme Razmataz, the
well-known advocate of woman suf
frage.
Ram's Head is very fortunate in se
curing B. H. Lasky, '12, an original
Ram's Head man, for the comedy lead
of "John Linde." Lasky is a comedian
with a professional swing rarely found
in college operatic productions. His
creation of "Monsieur Fromage de
Brie," the French detective in"The
Follies of Stanford," in 1911, and as
the broken-down tragedian, "A. Hum
dinger Booth," in "Rambling Rameses,"
are well-remembered comedy tri
umphs. in his present role, Lasky will
display his ability along new and orig
inal lines, us a diplomat who is inter
ested more in grape-juice than in di
plomacy.
A hair-raising attack on the presi
dent's mansion by an infuriated Mexi
can populace; four presidents elected
and deposed in a single night; a beau
tiful balcony love serenade; a moving
picture show in rehearsal; side-lights
on a Mexican president's breakfast; a
grape-juice .revel in the president's
gardens; a death struggle in the dark;
these and many other unique special
ties insure "Routing Razmataz" the
greatest success of any Ram's Head
production.
