# G. and M. Majors to Jolly-up.
## 
### 
Members of the Geology and Mining
Department will meet at a supper and
smoker, to be held at the Sigma Alpha
Epsilon house Thursday evening. An
unusual program has been arranged
for the miners, President J. C. Branner
being among the speakers who will ad
dress the meeting. The annual depart
ment smoker has proved a popular
gathering in the past, and is designed
principally for the benefit of new mem
bers of the department. It is called at
6:30 p. m.
Members of the Geology and Mining
Department will meet at a supper and
smoker, to be held at the Sigma Alpha
Epsilon house Thursday evening. An
unusual program has been arranged
for the miners, President J. C. Branner
being among the speakers who will ad
dress the meeting. The annual depart
ment smoker has proved a popular
gathering in the past, and is designed
principally for the benefit of new mem
bers of the department. It is called at
6:30 p. m.
Members of the Geology and Mining
Department will meet at a supper and
smoker, to be held at the Sigma Alpha
Epsilon house Thursday evening. An
unusual program has been arranged
for the miners, President J. C. Branner
being among the speakers who will ad
dress the meeting. The annual depart
ment smoker has proved a popular
gathering in the past, and is designed
principally for the benefit of new mem
bers of the department. It is called at
6:30 p. m.
Members of the Geology and Mining
Department will meet at a supper and
smoker, to be held at the Sigma Alpha
Epsilon house Thursday evening. An
unusual program has been arranged
for the miners, President J. C. Branner
being among the speakers who will ad
dress the meeting. The annual depart
ment smoker has proved a popular
gathering in the past, and is designed
principally for the benefit of new mem
bers of the department. It is called at
6:30 p. m.
Members of the Geology and Mining
Department will meet at a supper and
smoker, to be held at the Sigma Alpha
Epsilon house Thursday evening. An
unusual program has been arranged
for the miners, President J. C. Branner
being among the speakers who will ad
dress the meeting. The annual depart
ment smoker has proved a popular
gathering in the past, and is designed
principally for the benefit of new mem
bers of the department. It is called at
6:30 p. m.
Members of the Geology and Mining
Department will meet at a supper and
smoker, to be held at the Sigma Alpha
Epsilon house Thursday evening. An
unusual program has been arranged
for the miners, President J. C. Branner
being among the speakers who will ad
dress the meeting. The annual depart
ment smoker has proved a popular
gathering in the past, and is designed
principally for the benefit of new mem
bers of the department. It is called at
6:30 p. m.
Members of the Geology and Mining
Department will meet at a supper and
smoker, to be held at the Sigma Alpha
Epsilon house Thursday evening. An
unusual program has been arranged
for the miners, President J. C. Branner
being among the speakers who will ad
dress the meeting. The annual depart
ment smoker has proved a popular
gathering in the past, and is designed
principally for the benefit of new mem
bers of the department. It is called at
6:30 p. m.
Members of the Geology and Mining
Department will meet at a supper and
smoker, to be held at the Sigma Alpha
Epsilon house Thursday evening. An
unusual program has been arranged
for the miners, President J. C. Branner
being among the speakers who will ad
dress the meeting. The annual depart
ment smoker has proved a popular
gathering in the past, and is designed
principally for the benefit of new mem
bers of the department. It is called at
6:30 p. m.
Members of the Geology and Mining
Department will meet at a supper and
smoker, to be held at the Sigma Alpha
Epsilon house Thursday evening. An
unusual program has been arranged
for the miners, President J. C. Branner
being among the speakers who will ad
dress the meeting. The annual depart
ment smoker has proved a popular
gathering in the past, and is designed
principally for the benefit of new mem
bers of the department. It is called at
6:30 p. m.
Members of the Geology and Mining
Department will meet at a supper and
smoker, to be held at the Sigma Alpha
Epsilon house Thursday evening. An
unusual program has been arranged
for the miners, President J. C. Branner
being among the speakers who will ad
dress the meeting. The annual depart
ment smoker has proved a popular
gathering in the past, and is designed
principally for the benefit of new mem
bers of the department. It is called at
6:30 p. m.
Members of the Geology and Mining
Department will meet at a supper and
smoker, to be held at the Sigma Alpha
Epsilon house Thursday evening. An
unusual program has been arranged
for the miners, President J. C. Branner
being among the speakers who will ad
dress the meeting. The annual depart
ment smoker has proved a popular
gathering in the past, and is designed
principally for the benefit of new mem
bers of the department. It is called at
6:30 p. m.
Members of the Geology and Mining
Department will meet at a supper and
smoker, to be held at the Sigma Alpha
Epsilon house Thursday evening. An
unusual program has been arranged
for the miners, President J. C. Branner
being among the speakers who will ad
dress the meeting. The annual depart
ment smoker has proved a popular
gathering in the past, and is designed
principally for the benefit of new mem
bers of the department. It is called at
6:30 p. m.
Members of the Geology and Mining
Department will meet at a supper and
smoker, to be held at the Sigma Alpha
Epsilon house Thursday evening. An
unusual program has been arranged
for the miners, President J. C. Branner
being among the speakers who will ad
dress the meeting. The annual depart
ment smoker has proved a popular
gathering in the past, and is designed
principally for the benefit of new mem
bers of the department. It is called at
6:30 p. m.
Members of the Geology and Mining
Department will meet at a supper and
smoker, to be held at the Sigma Alpha
Epsilon house Thursday evening. An
unusual program has been arranged
for the miners, President J. C. Branner
being among the speakers who will ad
dress the meeting. The annual depart
ment smoker has proved a popular
gathering in the past, and is designed
principally for the benefit of new mem
bers of the department. It is called at
6:30 p. m.
