# FRESHMEN MEET TIGERS
## PACIFIC RUGGERS TO MAKE MIDWEEK VISIT Pick of 1918 Is Available For Use in Last Match of Season Preliminary to Windup Clash With St. Mary's on Saturday 
### 
College of Pacific, of "Tiger" fame,
will afford the mid-week rugby enter
tainment tomorrow afternoon, when
they will oppose on the Stanford turf
the strongest freshman line-up yet to
be presented before the rugby enthusi
asts by Coach Brown. Wednesday's
game will be the last practice contest
for the baby team before they meet St.
Mary's in their final contest of the
season next Saturday.
The visiting players will make their
initial appearance of the year on the
turf tomorrow afternoon, but it will
not be the first time that they have
been in action against a Cardinal team.
On October 3rd the third Yarstiy jour
neyed to College Park, and departed
with the short end of a 3 to 0 score
in a fast exhibition of rugby. In view
of this fact, the 1918 fifteen should
be afforded excellent competition.
With every man off the sick list,
Coach R,rown is able to present the
strongest freshman front of the sea
son. The pack will be composed of
practically the same players who have
been in the forward line during the
majority of the games, with the ex
ception of placing Fish' r, formerly
used at breakaway, in the position of
last defense.
The backfield is again subject to
numerous changes. Walker, who played
half for the second varsity last Satur
day against the Oakland high school
ruggers, will resume this position on
the baby fifteen. G.reve will fill first
five, with Stafford as second five
eighths. Kirksey has been moved
farther along the backfield line to
center three-quarters, where his speed
may be used to greater advantage. The
two wings will be held down by Weeks
and Winters, respectively. Both men
are strong players, and complete the
best 1918 backfield yet to be an
nounced.
The game will be made up of twenty
five-minute halves, with ten minutes
intermission. Manager Wilcox has not
definitely announced a referee, but is
making efforts to secure John O. Mil
ler, '08. The contest will commence
promptly at 4:50.
The freshman team will line-up as
follows:
Henry, Slocum (Ford), Stevick
(Mains), Cole (Alderton), R. Johnson
(Eaton), Earl (Sherman), McArthur
(Boyd), Card (Steinbeck), forwards:
Walker (Walters), half; Greve, first
five; Stafford (Jeffers( second five;
Ki.rksey (Neuner), center three-quar'
ters; Weeks (Kyle), left wing; Wint
ers (Graham, C. Johnson), right wing:
Fisher (Chandler), fullback.
College of Pacific, of "Tiger" fame,
will afford the mid-week rugby enter
tainment tomorrow afternoon, when
they will oppose on the Stanford turf
the strongest freshman line-up yet to
be presented before the rugby enthusi
asts by Coach Brown. Wednesday's
game will be the last practice contest
for the baby team before they meet St.
Mary's in their final contest of the
season next Saturday.
The visiting players will make their
initial appearance of the year on the
turf tomorrow afternoon, but it will
not be the first time that they have
been in action against a Cardinal team.
On October 3rd the third Yarstiy jour
neyed to College Park, and departed
with the short end of a 3 to 0 score
in a fast exhibition of rugby. In view
of this fact, the 1918 fifteen should
be afforded excellent competition.
With every man off the sick list,
Coach R,rown is able to present the
strongest freshman front of the sea
son. The pack will be composed of
practically the same players who have
been in the forward line during the
majority of the games, with the ex
ception of placing Fish' r, formerly
used at breakaway, in the position of
last defense.
The backfield is again subject to
numerous changes. Walker, who played
half for the second varsity last Satur
day against the Oakland high school
ruggers, will resume this position on
the baby fifteen. G.reve will fill first
five, with Stafford as second five
eighths. Kirksey has been moved
farther along the backfield line to
center three-quarters, where his speed
may be used to greater advantage. The
two wings will be held down by Weeks
and Winters, respectively. Both men
are strong players, and complete the
best 1918 backfield yet to be an
nounced.
The game will be made up of twenty
five-minute halves, with ten minutes
intermission. Manager Wilcox has not
definitely announced a referee, but is
making efforts to secure John O. Mil
ler, '08. The contest will commence
promptly at 4:50.
The freshman team will line-up as
follows:
Henry, Slocum (Ford), Stevick
(Mains), Cole (Alderton), R. Johnson
(Eaton), Earl (Sherman), McArthur
(Boyd), Card (Steinbeck), forwards:
Walker (Walters), half; Greve, first
five; Stafford (Jeffers( second five;
Ki.rksey (Neuner), center three-quar'
ters; Weeks (Kyle), left wing; Wint
ers (Graham, C. Johnson), right wing:
Fisher (Chandler), fullback.
College of Pacific, of "Tiger" fame,
will afford the mid-week rugby enter
tainment tomorrow afternoon, when
they will oppose on the Stanford turf
the strongest freshman line-up yet to
be presented before the rugby enthusi
asts by Coach Brown. Wednesday's
game will be the last practice contest
for the baby team before they meet St.
Mary's in their final contest of the
season next Saturday.
The visiting players will make their
initial appearance of the year on the
turf tomorrow afternoon, but it will
not be the first time that they have
been in action against a Cardinal team.
On October 3rd the third Yarstiy jour
neyed to College Park, and departed
with the short end of a 3 to 0 score
in a fast exhibition of rugby. In view
of this fact, the 1918 fifteen should
be afforded excellent competition.
With every man off the sick list,
Coach R,rown is able to present the
strongest freshman front of the sea
son. The pack will be composed of
practically the same players who have
been in the forward line during the
majority of the games, with the ex
ception of placing Fish' r, formerly
used at breakaway, in the position of
last defense.
The backfield is again subject to
numerous changes. Walker, who played
half for the second varsity last Satur
day against the Oakland high school
ruggers, will resume this position on
the baby fifteen. G.reve will fill first
five, with Stafford as second five
eighths. Kirksey has been moved
farther along the backfield line to
center three-quarters, where his speed
may be used to greater advantage. The
two wings will be held down by Weeks
and Winters, respectively. Both men
are strong players, and complete the
best 1918 backfield yet to be an
nounced.
The game will be made up of twenty
five-minute halves, with ten minutes
intermission. Manager Wilcox has not
definitely announced a referee, but is
making efforts to secure John O. Mil
ler, '08. The contest will commence
promptly at 4:50.
The freshman team will line-up as
follows:
Henry, Slocum (Ford), Stevick
(Mains), Cole (Alderton), R. Johnson
(Eaton), Earl (Sherman), McArthur
(Boyd), Card (Steinbeck), forwards:
Walker (Walters), half; Greve, first
five; Stafford (Jeffers( second five;
Ki.rksey (Neuner), center three-quar'
ters; Weeks (Kyle), left wing; Wint
ers (Graham, C. Johnson), right wing:
Fisher (Chandler), fullback.
College of Pacific, of "Tiger" fame,
will afford the mid-week rugby enter
tainment tomorrow afternoon, when
they will oppose on the Stanford turf
the strongest freshman line-up yet to
be presented before the rugby enthusi
asts by Coach Brown. Wednesday's
game will be the last practice contest
for the baby team before they meet St.
Mary's in their final contest of the
season next Saturday.
The visiting players will make their
initial appearance of the year on the
turf tomorrow afternoon, but it will
not be the first time that they have
been in action against a Cardinal team.
On October 3rd the third Yarstiy jour
neyed to College Park, and departed
with the short end of a 3 to 0 score
in a fast exhibition of rugby. In view
of this fact, the 1918 fifteen should
be afforded excellent competition.
With every man off the sick list,
Coach R,rown is able to present the
strongest freshman front of the sea
son. The pack will be composed of
practically the same players who have
been in the forward line during the
majority of the games, with the ex
ception of placing Fish' r, formerly
used at breakaway, in the position of
last defense.
The backfield is again subject to
numerous changes. Walker, who played
half for the second varsity last Satur
day against the Oakland high school
ruggers, will resume this position on
the baby fifteen. G.reve will fill first
five, with Stafford as second five
eighths. Kirksey has been moved
farther along the backfield line to
center three-quarters, where his speed
may be used to greater advantage. The
two wings will be held down by Weeks
and Winters, respectively. Both men
are strong players, and complete the
best 1918 backfield yet to be an
nounced.
The game will be made up of twenty
five-minute halves, with ten minutes
intermission. Manager Wilcox has not
definitely announced a referee, but is
making efforts to secure John O. Mil
ler, '08. The contest will commence
promptly at 4:50.
The freshman team will line-up as
follows:
Henry, Slocum (Ford), Stevick
(Mains), Cole (Alderton), R. Johnson
(Eaton), Earl (Sherman), McArthur
(Boyd), Card (Steinbeck), forwards:
Walker (Walters), half; Greve, first
five; Stafford (Jeffers( second five;
Ki.rksey (Neuner), center three-quar'
ters; Weeks (Kyle), left wing; Wint
ers (Graham, C. Johnson), right wing:
Fisher (Chandler), fullback.
College of Pacific, of "Tiger" fame,
will afford the mid-week rugby enter
tainment tomorrow afternoon, when
they will oppose on the Stanford turf
the strongest freshman line-up yet to
be presented before the rugby enthusi
asts by Coach Brown. Wednesday's
game will be the last practice contest
for the baby team before they meet St.
Mary's in their final contest of the
season next Saturday.
The visiting players will make their
initial appearance of the year on the
turf tomorrow afternoon, but it will
not be the first time that they have
been in action against a Cardinal team.
On October 3rd the third Yarstiy jour
neyed to College Park, and departed
with the short end of a 3 to 0 score
in a fast exhibition of rugby. In view
of this fact, the 1918 fifteen should
be afforded excellent competition.
With every man off the sick list,
Coach R,rown is able to present the
strongest freshman front of the sea
son. The pack will be composed of
practically the same players who have
been in the forward line during the
majority of the games, with the ex
ception of placing Fish' r, formerly
used at breakaway, in the position of
last defense.
The backfield is again subject to
numerous changes. Walker, who played
half for the second varsity last Satur
day against the Oakland high school
ruggers, will resume this position on
the baby fifteen. G.reve will fill first
five, with Stafford as second five
eighths. Kirksey has been moved
farther along the backfield line to
center three-quarters, where his speed
may be used to greater advantage. The
two wings will be held down by Weeks
and Winters, respectively. Both men
are strong players, and complete the
best 1918 backfield yet to be an
nounced.
The game will be made up of twenty
five-minute halves, with ten minutes
intermission. Manager Wilcox has not
definitely announced a referee, but is
making efforts to secure John O. Mil
ler, '08. The contest will commence
promptly at 4:50.
The freshman team will line-up as
follows:
Henry, Slocum (Ford), Stevick
(Mains), Cole (Alderton), R. Johnson
(Eaton), Earl (Sherman), McArthur
(Boyd), Card (Steinbeck), forwards:
Walker (Walters), half; Greve, first
five; Stafford (Jeffers( second five;
Ki.rksey (Neuner), center three-quar'
ters; Weeks (Kyle), left wing; Wint
ers (Graham, C. Johnson), right wing:
Fisher (Chandler), fullback.
College of Pacific, of "Tiger" fame,
will afford the mid-week rugby enter
tainment tomorrow afternoon, when
they will oppose on the Stanford turf
the strongest freshman line-up yet to
be presented before the rugby enthusi
asts by Coach Brown. Wednesday's
game will be the last practice contest
for the baby team before they meet St.
Mary's in their final contest of the
season next Saturday.
The visiting players will make their
initial appearance of the year on the
turf tomorrow afternoon, but it will
not be the first time that they have
been in action against a Cardinal team.
On October 3rd the third Yarstiy jour
neyed to College Park, and departed
with the short end of a 3 to 0 score
in a fast exhibition of rugby. In view
of this fact, the 1918 fifteen should
be afforded excellent competition.
With every man off the sick list,
Coach R,rown is able to present the
strongest freshman front of the sea
son. The pack will be composed of
practically the same players who have
been in the forward line during the
majority of the games, with the ex
ception of placing Fish' r, formerly
used at breakaway, in the position of
last defense.
The backfield is again subject to
numerous changes. Walker, who played
half for the second varsity last Satur
day against the Oakland high school
ruggers, will resume this position on
the baby fifteen. G.reve will fill first
five, with Stafford as second five
eighths. Kirksey has been moved
farther along the backfield line to
center three-quarters, where his speed
may be used to greater advantage. The
two wings will be held down by Weeks
and Winters, respectively. Both men
are strong players, and complete the
best 1918 backfield yet to be an
nounced.
The game will be made up of twenty
five-minute halves, with ten minutes
intermission. Manager Wilcox has not
definitely announced a referee, but is
making efforts to secure John O. Mil
ler, '08. The contest will commence
promptly at 4:50.
The freshman team will line-up as
follows:
Henry, Slocum (Ford), Stevick
(Mains), Cole (Alderton), R. Johnson
(Eaton), Earl (Sherman), McArthur
(Boyd), Card (Steinbeck), forwards:
Walker (Walters), half; Greve, first
five; Stafford (Jeffers( second five;
Ki.rksey (Neuner), center three-quar'
ters; Weeks (Kyle), left wing; Wint
ers (Graham, C. Johnson), right wing:
Fisher (Chandler), fullback.
College of Pacific, of "Tiger" fame,
will afford the mid-week rugby enter
tainment tomorrow afternoon, when
they will oppose on the Stanford turf
the strongest freshman line-up yet to
be presented before the rugby enthusi
asts by Coach Brown. Wednesday's
game will be the last practice contest
for the baby team before they meet St.
Mary's in their final contest of the
season next Saturday.
The visiting players will make their
initial appearance of the year on the
turf tomorrow afternoon, but it will
not be the first time that they have
been in action against a Cardinal team.
On October 3rd the third Yarstiy jour
neyed to College Park, and departed
with the short end of a 3 to 0 score
in a fast exhibition of rugby. In view
of this fact, the 1918 fifteen should
be afforded excellent competition.
With every man off the sick list,
Coach R,rown is able to present the
strongest freshman front of the sea
son. The pack will be composed of
practically the same players who have
been in the forward line during the
majority of the games, with the ex
ception of placing Fish' r, formerly
used at breakaway, in the position of
last defense.
The backfield is again subject to
numerous changes. Walker, who played
half for the second varsity last Satur
day against the Oakland high school
ruggers, will resume this position on
the baby fifteen. G.reve will fill first
five, with Stafford as second five
eighths. Kirksey has been moved
farther along the backfield line to
center three-quarters, where his speed
may be used to greater advantage. The
two wings will be held down by Weeks
and Winters, respectively. Both men
are strong players, and complete the
best 1918 backfield yet to be an
nounced.
The game will be made up of twenty
five-minute halves, with ten minutes
intermission. Manager Wilcox has not
definitely announced a referee, but is
making efforts to secure John O. Mil
ler, '08. The contest will commence
promptly at 4:50.
The freshman team will line-up as
follows:
Henry, Slocum (Ford), Stevick
(Mains), Cole (Alderton), R. Johnson
(Eaton), Earl (Sherman), McArthur
(Boyd), Card (Steinbeck), forwards:
Walker (Walters), half; Greve, first
five; Stafford (Jeffers( second five;
Ki.rksey (Neuner), center three-quar'
ters; Weeks (Kyle), left wing; Wint
ers (Graham, C. Johnson), right wing:
Fisher (Chandler), fullback.
College of Pacific, of "Tiger" fame,
will afford the mid-week rugby enter
tainment tomorrow afternoon, when
they will oppose on the Stanford turf
the strongest freshman line-up yet to
be presented before the rugby enthusi
asts by Coach Brown. Wednesday's
game will be the last practice contest
for the baby team before they meet St.
Mary's in their final contest of the
season next Saturday.
The visiting players will make their
initial appearance of the year on the
turf tomorrow afternoon, but it will
not be the first time that they have
been in action against a Cardinal team.
On October 3rd the third Yarstiy jour
neyed to College Park, and departed
with the short end of a 3 to 0 score
in a fast exhibition of rugby. In view
of this fact, the 1918 fifteen should
be afforded excellent competition.
With every man off the sick list,
Coach R,rown is able to present the
strongest freshman front of the sea
son. The pack will be composed of
practically the same players who have
been in the forward line during the
majority of the games, with the ex
ception of placing Fish' r, formerly
used at breakaway, in the position of
last defense.
The backfield is again subject to
numerous changes. Walker, who played
half for the second varsity last Satur
day against the Oakland high school
ruggers, will resume this position on
the baby fifteen. G.reve will fill first
five, with Stafford as second five
eighths. Kirksey has been moved
farther along the backfield line to
center three-quarters, where his speed
may be used to greater advantage. The
two wings will be held down by Weeks
and Winters, respectively. Both men
are strong players, and complete the
best 1918 backfield yet to be an
nounced.
The game will be made up of twenty
five-minute halves, with ten minutes
intermission. Manager Wilcox has not
definitely announced a referee, but is
making efforts to secure John O. Mil
ler, '08. The contest will commence
promptly at 4:50.
The freshman team will line-up as
follows:
Henry, Slocum (Ford), Stevick
(Mains), Cole (Alderton), R. Johnson
(Eaton), Earl (Sherman), McArthur
(Boyd), Card (Steinbeck), forwards:
Walker (Walters), half; Greve, first
five; Stafford (Jeffers( second five;
Ki.rksey (Neuner), center three-quar'
ters; Weeks (Kyle), left wing; Wint
ers (Graham, C. Johnson), right wing:
Fisher (Chandler), fullback.
College of Pacific, of "Tiger" fame,
will afford the mid-week rugby enter
tainment tomorrow afternoon, when
they will oppose on the Stanford turf
the strongest freshman line-up yet to
be presented before the rugby enthusi
asts by Coach Brown. Wednesday's
game will be the last practice contest
for the baby team before they meet St.
Mary's in their final contest of the
season next Saturday.
The visiting players will make their
initial appearance of the year on the
turf tomorrow afternoon, but it will
not be the first time that they have
been in action against a Cardinal team.
On October 3rd the third Yarstiy jour
neyed to College Park, and departed
with the short end of a 3 to 0 score
in a fast exhibition of rugby. In view
of this fact, the 1918 fifteen should
be afforded excellent competition.
With every man off the sick list,
Coach R,rown is able to present the
strongest freshman front of the sea
son. The pack will be composed of
practically the same players who have
been in the forward line during the
majority of the games, with the ex
ception of placing Fish' r, formerly
used at breakaway, in the position of
last defense.
The backfield is again subject to
numerous changes. Walker, who played
half for the second varsity last Satur
day against the Oakland high school
ruggers, will resume this position on
the baby fifteen. G.reve will fill first
five, with Stafford as second five
eighths. Kirksey has been moved
farther along the backfield line to
center three-quarters, where his speed
may be used to greater advantage. The
two wings will be held down by Weeks
and Winters, respectively. Both men
are strong players, and complete the
best 1918 backfield yet to be an
nounced.
The game will be made up of twenty
five-minute halves, with ten minutes
intermission. Manager Wilcox has not
definitely announced a referee, but is
making efforts to secure John O. Mil
ler, '08. The contest will commence
promptly at 4:50.
The freshman team will line-up as
follows:
Henry, Slocum (Ford), Stevick
(Mains), Cole (Alderton), R. Johnson
(Eaton), Earl (Sherman), McArthur
(Boyd), Card (Steinbeck), forwards:
Walker (Walters), half; Greve, first
five; Stafford (Jeffers( second five;
Ki.rksey (Neuner), center three-quar'
ters; Weeks (Kyle), left wing; Wint
ers (Graham, C. Johnson), right wing:
Fisher (Chandler), fullback.
College of Pacific, of "Tiger" fame,
will afford the mid-week rugby enter
tainment tomorrow afternoon, when
they will oppose on the Stanford turf
the strongest freshman line-up yet to
be presented before the rugby enthusi
asts by Coach Brown. Wednesday's
game will be the last practice contest
for the baby team before they meet St.
Mary's in their final contest of the
season next Saturday.
The visiting players will make their
initial appearance of the year on the
turf tomorrow afternoon, but it will
not be the first time that they have
been in action against a Cardinal team.
On October 3rd the third Yarstiy jour
neyed to College Park, and departed
with the short end of a 3 to 0 score
in a fast exhibition of rugby. In view
of this fact, the 1918 fifteen should
be afforded excellent competition.
With every man off the sick list,
Coach R,rown is able to present the
strongest freshman front of the sea
son. The pack will be composed of
practically the same players who have
been in the forward line during the
majority of the games, with the ex
ception of placing Fish' r, formerly
used at breakaway, in the position of
last defense.
The backfield is again subject to
numerous changes. Walker, who played
half for the second varsity last Satur
day against the Oakland high school
ruggers, will resume this position on
the baby fifteen. G.reve will fill first
five, with Stafford as second five
eighths. Kirksey has been moved
farther along the backfield line to
center three-quarters, where his speed
may be used to greater advantage. The
two wings will be held down by Weeks
and Winters, respectively. Both men
are strong players, and complete the
best 1918 backfield yet to be an
nounced.
The game will be made up of twenty
five-minute halves, with ten minutes
intermission. Manager Wilcox has not
definitely announced a referee, but is
making efforts to secure John O. Mil
ler, '08. The contest will commence
promptly at 4:50.
The freshman team will line-up as
follows:
Henry, Slocum (Ford), Stevick
(Mains), Cole (Alderton), R. Johnson
(Eaton), Earl (Sherman), McArthur
(Boyd), Card (Steinbeck), forwards:
Walker (Walters), half; Greve, first
five; Stafford (Jeffers( second five;
Ki.rksey (Neuner), center three-quar'
ters; Weeks (Kyle), left wing; Wint
ers (Graham, C. Johnson), right wing:
Fisher (Chandler), fullback.
College of Pacific, of "Tiger" fame,
will afford the mid-week rugby enter
tainment tomorrow afternoon, when
they will oppose on the Stanford turf
the strongest freshman line-up yet to
be presented before the rugby enthusi
asts by Coach Brown. Wednesday's
game will be the last practice contest
for the baby team before they meet St.
Mary's in their final contest of the
season next Saturday.
The visiting players will make their
initial appearance of the year on the
turf tomorrow afternoon, but it will
not be the first time that they have
been in action against a Cardinal team.
On October 3rd the third Yarstiy jour
neyed to College Park, and departed
with the short end of a 3 to 0 score
in a fast exhibition of rugby. In view
of this fact, the 1918 fifteen should
be afforded excellent competition.
With every man off the sick list,
Coach R,rown is able to present the
strongest freshman front of the sea
son. The pack will be composed of
practically the same players who have
been in the forward line during the
majority of the games, with the ex
ception of placing Fish' r, formerly
used at breakaway, in the position of
last defense.
The backfield is again subject to
numerous changes. Walker, who played
half for the second varsity last Satur
day against the Oakland high school
ruggers, will resume this position on
the baby fifteen. G.reve will fill first
five, with Stafford as second five
eighths. Kirksey has been moved
farther along the backfield line to
center three-quarters, where his speed
may be used to greater advantage. The
two wings will be held down by Weeks
and Winters, respectively. Both men
are strong players, and complete the
best 1918 backfield yet to be an
nounced.
The game will be made up of twenty
five-minute halves, with ten minutes
intermission. Manager Wilcox has not
definitely announced a referee, but is
making efforts to secure John O. Mil
ler, '08. The contest will commence
promptly at 4:50.
The freshman team will line-up as
follows:
Henry, Slocum (Ford), Stevick
(Mains), Cole (Alderton), R. Johnson
(Eaton), Earl (Sherman), McArthur
(Boyd), Card (Steinbeck), forwards:
Walker (Walters), half; Greve, first
five; Stafford (Jeffers( second five;
Ki.rksey (Neuner), center three-quar'
ters; Weeks (Kyle), left wing; Wint
ers (Graham, C. Johnson), right wing:
Fisher (Chandler), fullback.
College of Pacific, of "Tiger" fame,
will afford the mid-week rugby enter
tainment tomorrow afternoon, when
they will oppose on the Stanford turf
the strongest freshman line-up yet to
be presented before the rugby enthusi
asts by Coach Brown. Wednesday's
game will be the last practice contest
for the baby team before they meet St.
Mary's in their final contest of the
season next Saturday.
The visiting players will make their
initial appearance of the year on the
turf tomorrow afternoon, but it will
not be the first time that they have
been in action against a Cardinal team.
On October 3rd the third Yarstiy jour
neyed to College Park, and departed
with the short end of a 3 to 0 score
in a fast exhibition of rugby. In view
of this fact, the 1918 fifteen should
be afforded excellent competition.
With every man off the sick list,
Coach R,rown is able to present the
strongest freshman front of the sea
son. The pack will be composed of
practically the same players who have
been in the forward line during the
majority of the games, with the ex
ception of placing Fish' r, formerly
used at breakaway, in the position of
last defense.
The backfield is again subject to
numerous changes. Walker, who played
half for the second varsity last Satur
day against the Oakland high school
ruggers, will resume this position on
the baby fifteen. G.reve will fill first
five, with Stafford as second five
eighths. Kirksey has been moved
farther along the backfield line to
center three-quarters, where his speed
may be used to greater advantage. The
two wings will be held down by Weeks
and Winters, respectively. Both men
are strong players, and complete the
best 1918 backfield yet to be an
nounced.
The game will be made up of twenty
five-minute halves, with ten minutes
intermission. Manager Wilcox has not
definitely announced a referee, but is
making efforts to secure John O. Mil
ler, '08. The contest will commence
promptly at 4:50.
The freshman team will line-up as
follows:
Henry, Slocum (Ford), Stevick
(Mains), Cole (Alderton), R. Johnson
(Eaton), Earl (Sherman), McArthur
(Boyd), Card (Steinbeck), forwards:
Walker (Walters), half; Greve, first
five; Stafford (Jeffers( second five;
Ki.rksey (Neuner), center three-quar'
ters; Weeks (Kyle), left wing; Wint
ers (Graham, C. Johnson), right wing:
Fisher (Chandler), fullback.
College of Pacific, of "Tiger" fame,
will afford the mid-week rugby enter
tainment tomorrow afternoon, when
they will oppose on the Stanford turf
the strongest freshman line-up yet to
be presented before the rugby enthusi
asts by Coach Brown. Wednesday's
game will be the last practice contest
for the baby team before they meet St.
Mary's in their final contest of the
season next Saturday.
The visiting players will make their
initial appearance of the year on the
turf tomorrow afternoon, but it will
not be the first time that they have
been in action against a Cardinal team.
On October 3rd the third Yarstiy jour
neyed to College Park, and departed
with the short end of a 3 to 0 score
in a fast exhibition of rugby. In view
of this fact, the 1918 fifteen should
be afforded excellent competition.
With every man off the sick list,
Coach R,rown is able to present the
strongest freshman front of the sea
son. The pack will be composed of
practically the same players who have
been in the forward line during the
majority of the games, with the ex
ception of placing Fish' r, formerly
used at breakaway, in the position of
last defense.
The backfield is again subject to
numerous changes. Walker, who played
half for the second varsity last Satur
day against the Oakland high school
ruggers, will resume this position on
the baby fifteen. G.reve will fill first
five, with Stafford as second five
eighths. Kirksey has been moved
farther along the backfield line to
center three-quarters, where his speed
may be used to greater advantage. The
two wings will be held down by Weeks
and Winters, respectively. Both men
are strong players, and complete the
best 1918 backfield yet to be an
nounced.
The game will be made up of twenty
five-minute halves, with ten minutes
intermission. Manager Wilcox has not
definitely announced a referee, but is
making efforts to secure John O. Mil
ler, '08. The contest will commence
promptly at 4:50.
The freshman team will line-up as
follows:
Henry, Slocum (Ford), Stevick
(Mains), Cole (Alderton), R. Johnson
(Eaton), Earl (Sherman), McArthur
(Boyd), Card (Steinbeck), forwards:
Walker (Walters), half; Greve, first
five; Stafford (Jeffers( second five;
Ki.rksey (Neuner), center three-quar'
ters; Weeks (Kyle), left wing; Wint
ers (Graham, C. Johnson), right wing:
Fisher (Chandler), fullback.
College of Pacific, of "Tiger" fame,
will afford the mid-week rugby enter
tainment tomorrow afternoon, when
they will oppose on the Stanford turf
the strongest freshman line-up yet to
be presented before the rugby enthusi
asts by Coach Brown. Wednesday's
game will be the last practice contest
for the baby team before they meet St.
Mary's in their final contest of the
season next Saturday.
The visiting players will make their
initial appearance of the year on the
turf tomorrow afternoon, but it will
not be the first time that they have
been in action against a Cardinal team.
On October 3rd the third Yarstiy jour
neyed to College Park, and departed
with the short end of a 3 to 0 score
in a fast exhibition of rugby. In view
of this fact, the 1918 fifteen should
be afforded excellent competition.
With every man off the sick list,
Coach R,rown is able to present the
strongest freshman front of the sea
son. The pack will be composed of
practically the same players who have
been in the forward line during the
majority of the games, with the ex
ception of placing Fish' r, formerly
used at breakaway, in the position of
last defense.
The backfield is again subject to
numerous changes. Walker, who played
half for the second varsity last Satur
day against the Oakland high school
ruggers, will resume this position on
the baby fifteen. G.reve will fill first
five, with Stafford as second five
eighths. Kirksey has been moved
farther along the backfield line to
center three-quarters, where his speed
may be used to greater advantage. The
two wings will be held down by Weeks
and Winters, respectively. Both men
are strong players, and complete the
best 1918 backfield yet to be an
nounced.
The game will be made up of twenty
five-minute halves, with ten minutes
intermission. Manager Wilcox has not
definitely announced a referee, but is
making efforts to secure John O. Mil
ler, '08. The contest will commence
promptly at 4:50.
The freshman team will line-up as
follows:
Henry, Slocum (Ford), Stevick
(Mains), Cole (Alderton), R. Johnson
(Eaton), Earl (Sherman), McArthur
(Boyd), Card (Steinbeck), forwards:
Walker (Walters), half; Greve, first
five; Stafford (Jeffers( second five;
Ki.rksey (Neuner), center three-quar'
ters; Weeks (Kyle), left wing; Wint
ers (Graham, C. Johnson), right wing:
Fisher (Chandler), fullback.
