# SPECIAL NOTICES.
## 
### 
Lost —A buuch of keys. Please re
turn to 406 Encina.
Lost—Emerald stick pin and guard.
Reward. Return to VV. F. Pritckard,
9 Encina.
Lost —A bunch of keys. Please re
turn to 406 Encina.
.Hiss A. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
"The Other Americans." Will Under
notify Box 1357 or return it to the
library?
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Found—A pair of glasses left by a
professor at Wideman's store.
Lost—Will the person who took the
shoes marked "A. Johannsen" from
the Campus Shoe Shop on April 6
kindly return them to 2 Dolores.
Lost —A buuch of keys. Please re
turn to 406 Encina.
Lost—Emerald stick pin and guard.
Reward. Return to VV. F. Pritckard,
9 Encina.
Lost —A bunch of keys. Please re
turn to 406 Encina.
.Hiss A. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
"The Other Americans." Will Under
notify Box 1357 or return it to the
library?
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Found—A pair of glasses left by a
professor at Wideman's store.
Lost—Will the person who took the
shoes marked "A. Johannsen" from
the Campus Shoe Shop on April 6
kindly return them to 2 Dolores.
Lost —A buuch of keys. Please re
turn to 406 Encina.
Lost—Emerald stick pin and guard.
Reward. Return to VV. F. Pritckard,
9 Encina.
Lost —A bunch of keys. Please re
turn to 406 Encina.
.Hiss A. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
"The Other Americans." Will Under
notify Box 1357 or return it to the
library?
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Found—A pair of glasses left by a
professor at Wideman's store.
Lost—Will the person who took the
shoes marked "A. Johannsen" from
the Campus Shoe Shop on April 6
kindly return them to 2 Dolores.
Lost —A buuch of keys. Please re
turn to 406 Encina.
Lost—Emerald stick pin and guard.
Reward. Return to VV. F. Pritckard,
9 Encina.
Lost —A bunch of keys. Please re
turn to 406 Encina.
.Hiss A. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
"The Other Americans." Will Under
notify Box 1357 or return it to the
library?
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Found—A pair of glasses left by a
professor at Wideman's store.
Lost—Will the person who took the
shoes marked "A. Johannsen" from
the Campus Shoe Shop on April 6
kindly return them to 2 Dolores.
Lost —A buuch of keys. Please re
turn to 406 Encina.
Lost—Emerald stick pin and guard.
Reward. Return to VV. F. Pritckard,
9 Encina.
Lost —A bunch of keys. Please re
turn to 406 Encina.
.Hiss A. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
"The Other Americans." Will Under
notify Box 1357 or return it to the
library?
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Found—A pair of glasses left by a
professor at Wideman's store.
Lost—Will the person who took the
shoes marked "A. Johannsen" from
the Campus Shoe Shop on April 6
kindly return them to 2 Dolores.
Lost —A buuch of keys. Please re
turn to 406 Encina.
Lost—Emerald stick pin and guard.
Reward. Return to VV. F. Pritckard,
9 Encina.
Lost —A bunch of keys. Please re
turn to 406 Encina.
.Hiss A. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
"The Other Americans." Will Under
notify Box 1357 or return it to the
library?
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Found—A pair of glasses left by a
professor at Wideman's store.
Lost—Will the person who took the
shoes marked "A. Johannsen" from
the Campus Shoe Shop on April 6
kindly return them to 2 Dolores.
Lost —A buuch of keys. Please re
turn to 406 Encina.
Lost—Emerald stick pin and guard.
Reward. Return to VV. F. Pritckard,
9 Encina.
Lost —A bunch of keys. Please re
turn to 406 Encina.
.Hiss A. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
"The Other Americans." Will Under
notify Box 1357 or return it to the
library?
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Found—A pair of glasses left by a
professor at Wideman's store.
Lost—Will the person who took the
shoes marked "A. Johannsen" from
the Campus Shoe Shop on April 6
kindly return them to 2 Dolores.
Lost —A buuch of keys. Please re
turn to 406 Encina.
Lost—Emerald stick pin and guard.
Reward. Return to VV. F. Pritckard,
9 Encina.
Lost —A bunch of keys. Please re
turn to 406 Encina.
.Hiss A. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
"The Other Americans." Will Under
notify Box 1357 or return it to the
library?
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Found—A pair of glasses left by a
professor at Wideman's store.
Lost—Will the person who took the
shoes marked "A. Johannsen" from
the Campus Shoe Shop on April 6
kindly return them to 2 Dolores.
Lost —A buuch of keys. Please re
turn to 406 Encina.
Lost—Emerald stick pin and guard.
Reward. Return to VV. F. Pritckard,
9 Encina.
Lost —A bunch of keys. Please re
turn to 406 Encina.
.Hiss A. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
"The Other Americans." Will Under
notify Box 1357 or return it to the
library?
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Found—A pair of glasses left by a
professor at Wideman's store.
Lost—Will the person who took the
shoes marked "A. Johannsen" from
the Campus Shoe Shop on April 6
kindly return them to 2 Dolores.
Lost —A buuch of keys. Please re
turn to 406 Encina.
Lost—Emerald stick pin and guard.
Reward. Return to VV. F. Pritckard,
9 Encina.
Lost —A bunch of keys. Please re
turn to 406 Encina.
.Hiss A. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
"The Other Americans." Will Under
notify Box 1357 or return it to the
library?
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Found—A pair of glasses left by a
professor at Wideman's store.
Lost—Will the person who took the
shoes marked "A. Johannsen" from
the Campus Shoe Shop on April 6
kindly return them to 2 Dolores.
Lost —A buuch of keys. Please re
turn to 406 Encina.
Lost—Emerald stick pin and guard.
Reward. Return to VV. F. Pritckard,
9 Encina.
Lost —A bunch of keys. Please re
turn to 406 Encina.
.Hiss A. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
"The Other Americans." Will Under
notify Box 1357 or return it to the
library?
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Found—A pair of glasses left by a
professor at Wideman's store.
Lost—Will the person who took the
shoes marked "A. Johannsen" from
the Campus Shoe Shop on April 6
kindly return them to 2 Dolores.
Lost —A buuch of keys. Please re
turn to 406 Encina.
Lost—Emerald stick pin and guard.
Reward. Return to VV. F. Pritckard,
9 Encina.
Lost —A bunch of keys. Please re
turn to 406 Encina.
.Hiss A. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
"The Other Americans." Will Under
notify Box 1357 or return it to the
library?
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Found—A pair of glasses left by a
professor at Wideman's store.
Lost—Will the person who took the
shoes marked "A. Johannsen" from
the Campus Shoe Shop on April 6
kindly return them to 2 Dolores.
Lost —A buuch of keys. Please re
turn to 406 Encina.
Lost—Emerald stick pin and guard.
Reward. Return to VV. F. Pritckard,
9 Encina.
Lost —A bunch of keys. Please re
turn to 406 Encina.
.Hiss A. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
"The Other Americans." Will Under
notify Box 1357 or return it to the
library?
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Found—A pair of glasses left by a
professor at Wideman's store.
Lost—Will the person who took the
shoes marked "A. Johannsen" from
the Campus Shoe Shop on April 6
kindly return them to 2 Dolores.
Lost —A buuch of keys. Please re
turn to 406 Encina.
Lost—Emerald stick pin and guard.
Reward. Return to VV. F. Pritckard,
9 Encina.
Lost —A bunch of keys. Please re
turn to 406 Encina.
.Hiss A. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
"The Other Americans." Will Under
notify Box 1357 or return it to the
library?
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Found—A pair of glasses left by a
professor at Wideman's store.
Lost—Will the person who took the
shoes marked "A. Johannsen" from
the Campus Shoe Shop on April 6
kindly return them to 2 Dolores.
Lost —A buuch of keys. Please re
turn to 406 Encina.
Lost—Emerald stick pin and guard.
Reward. Return to VV. F. Pritckard,
9 Encina.
Lost —A bunch of keys. Please re
turn to 406 Encina.
.Hiss A. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
"The Other Americans." Will Under
notify Box 1357 or return it to the
library?
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Found—A pair of glasses left by a
professor at Wideman's store.
Lost—Will the person who took the
shoes marked "A. Johannsen" from
the Campus Shoe Shop on April 6
kindly return them to 2 Dolores.
