# Lapham To Speak To Luncheon Club
## 
### 
Lloyd Lapham, Daily editor, will
speak before the regular meeting of
the Luncheon Club at noon today.
His subject will be: "The Function
of a Student Editor in a College
Community," and he will also ans
wer questions of club members on
The Daily.
The selection of Lapham as a
Luncheon Club speaker is part of
the group's current policy of having
student, as well as off-campus
speakers. Farm men who have al
ready addressed the group are:
Tom Killefer, A.S.S.U. president,
and Sumner Gill, who discussed
labor conditions in the San Joaquin
Valley.
Several outstanding outside speak
ers have been scheduled for meet
ings this quarter, including Dean
Charles Gilkey of the University of
Chicago, on Feb. 23, and Gaius
Glenn Atkins of Auburn Theologi
cal Seminary, on March 9, accord
ing to D. Elton Trueblood, Univer
sity chaplain, and sponsor of the
club.
Lloyd Lapham, Daily editor, will
speak before the regular meeting of
the Luncheon Club at noon today.
His subject will be: "The Function
of a Student Editor in a College
Community," and he will also ans
wer questions of club members on
The Daily.
The selection of Lapham as a
Luncheon Club speaker is part of
the group's current policy of having
student, as well as off-campus
speakers. Farm men who have al
ready addressed the group are:
Tom Killefer, A.S.S.U. president,
and Sumner Gill, who discussed
labor conditions in the San Joaquin
Valley.
Several outstanding outside speak
ers have been scheduled for meet
ings this quarter, including Dean
Charles Gilkey of the University of
Chicago, on Feb. 23, and Gaius
Glenn Atkins of Auburn Theologi
cal Seminary, on March 9, accord
ing to D. Elton Trueblood, Univer
sity chaplain, and sponsor of the
club.
Lloyd Lapham, Daily editor, will
speak before the regular meeting of
the Luncheon Club at noon today.
His subject will be: "The Function
of a Student Editor in a College
Community," and he will also ans
wer questions of club members on
The Daily.
The selection of Lapham as a
Luncheon Club speaker is part of
the group's current policy of having
student, as well as off-campus
speakers. Farm men who have al
ready addressed the group are:
Tom Killefer, A.S.S.U. president,
and Sumner Gill, who discussed
labor conditions in the San Joaquin
Valley.
Several outstanding outside speak
ers have been scheduled for meet
ings this quarter, including Dean
Charles Gilkey of the University of
Chicago, on Feb. 23, and Gaius
Glenn Atkins of Auburn Theologi
cal Seminary, on March 9, accord
ing to D. Elton Trueblood, Univer
sity chaplain, and sponsor of the
club.
Lloyd Lapham, Daily editor, will
speak before the regular meeting of
the Luncheon Club at noon today.
His subject will be: "The Function
of a Student Editor in a College
Community," and he will also ans
wer questions of club members on
The Daily.
The selection of Lapham as a
Luncheon Club speaker is part of
the group's current policy of having
student, as well as off-campus
speakers. Farm men who have al
ready addressed the group are:
Tom Killefer, A.S.S.U. president,
and Sumner Gill, who discussed
labor conditions in the San Joaquin
Valley.
Several outstanding outside speak
ers have been scheduled for meet
ings this quarter, including Dean
Charles Gilkey of the University of
Chicago, on Feb. 23, and Gaius
Glenn Atkins of Auburn Theologi
cal Seminary, on March 9, accord
ing to D. Elton Trueblood, Univer
sity chaplain, and sponsor of the
club.
Lloyd Lapham, Daily editor, will
speak before the regular meeting of
the Luncheon Club at noon today.
His subject will be: "The Function
of a Student Editor in a College
Community," and he will also ans
wer questions of club members on
The Daily.
The selection of Lapham as a
Luncheon Club speaker is part of
the group's current policy of having
student, as well as off-campus
speakers. Farm men who have al
ready addressed the group are:
Tom Killefer, A.S.S.U. president,
and Sumner Gill, who discussed
labor conditions in the San Joaquin
Valley.
Several outstanding outside speak
ers have been scheduled for meet
ings this quarter, including Dean
Charles Gilkey of the University of
Chicago, on Feb. 23, and Gaius
Glenn Atkins of Auburn Theologi
cal Seminary, on March 9, accord
ing to D. Elton Trueblood, Univer
sity chaplain, and sponsor of the
club.
Lloyd Lapham, Daily editor, will
speak before the regular meeting of
the Luncheon Club at noon today.
His subject will be: "The Function
of a Student Editor in a College
Community," and he will also ans
wer questions of club members on
The Daily.
The selection of Lapham as a
Luncheon Club speaker is part of
the group's current policy of having
student, as well as off-campus
speakers. Farm men who have al
ready addressed the group are:
Tom Killefer, A.S.S.U. president,
and Sumner Gill, who discussed
labor conditions in the San Joaquin
Valley.
Several outstanding outside speak
ers have been scheduled for meet
ings this quarter, including Dean
Charles Gilkey of the University of
Chicago, on Feb. 23, and Gaius
Glenn Atkins of Auburn Theologi
cal Seminary, on March 9, accord
ing to D. Elton Trueblood, Univer
sity chaplain, and sponsor of the
club.
Lloyd Lapham, Daily editor, will
speak before the regular meeting of
the Luncheon Club at noon today.
His subject will be: "The Function
of a Student Editor in a College
Community," and he will also ans
wer questions of club members on
The Daily.
The selection of Lapham as a
Luncheon Club speaker is part of
the group's current policy of having
student, as well as off-campus
speakers. Farm men who have al
ready addressed the group are:
Tom Killefer, A.S.S.U. president,
and Sumner Gill, who discussed
labor conditions in the San Joaquin
Valley.
Several outstanding outside speak
ers have been scheduled for meet
ings this quarter, including Dean
Charles Gilkey of the University of
Chicago, on Feb. 23, and Gaius
Glenn Atkins of Auburn Theologi
cal Seminary, on March 9, accord
ing to D. Elton Trueblood, Univer
sity chaplain, and sponsor of the
club.
Lloyd Lapham, Daily editor, will
speak before the regular meeting of
the Luncheon Club at noon today.
His subject will be: "The Function
of a Student Editor in a College
Community," and he will also ans
wer questions of club members on
The Daily.
The selection of Lapham as a
Luncheon Club speaker is part of
the group's current policy of having
student, as well as off-campus
speakers. Farm men who have al
ready addressed the group are:
Tom Killefer, A.S.S.U. president,
and Sumner Gill, who discussed
labor conditions in the San Joaquin
Valley.
Several outstanding outside speak
ers have been scheduled for meet
ings this quarter, including Dean
Charles Gilkey of the University of
Chicago, on Feb. 23, and Gaius
Glenn Atkins of Auburn Theologi
cal Seminary, on March 9, accord
ing to D. Elton Trueblood, Univer
sity chaplain, and sponsor of the
club.
Lloyd Lapham, Daily editor, will
speak before the regular meeting of
the Luncheon Club at noon today.
His subject will be: "The Function
of a Student Editor in a College
Community," and he will also ans
wer questions of club members on
The Daily.
The selection of Lapham as a
Luncheon Club speaker is part of
the group's current policy of having
student, as well as off-campus
speakers. Farm men who have al
ready addressed the group are:
Tom Killefer, A.S.S.U. president,
and Sumner Gill, who discussed
labor conditions in the San Joaquin
Valley.
Several outstanding outside speak
ers have been scheduled for meet
ings this quarter, including Dean
Charles Gilkey of the University of
Chicago, on Feb. 23, and Gaius
Glenn Atkins of Auburn Theologi
cal Seminary, on March 9, accord
ing to D. Elton Trueblood, Univer
sity chaplain, and sponsor of the
club.
Lloyd Lapham, Daily editor, will
speak before the regular meeting of
the Luncheon Club at noon today.
His subject will be: "The Function
of a Student Editor in a College
Community," and he will also ans
wer questions of club members on
The Daily.
The selection of Lapham as a
Luncheon Club speaker is part of
the group's current policy of having
student, as well as off-campus
speakers. Farm men who have al
ready addressed the group are:
Tom Killefer, A.S.S.U. president,
and Sumner Gill, who discussed
labor conditions in the San Joaquin
Valley.
Several outstanding outside speak
ers have been scheduled for meet
ings this quarter, including Dean
Charles Gilkey of the University of
Chicago, on Feb. 23, and Gaius
Glenn Atkins of Auburn Theologi
cal Seminary, on March 9, accord
ing to D. Elton Trueblood, Univer
sity chaplain, and sponsor of the
club.
Lloyd Lapham, Daily editor, will
speak before the regular meeting of
the Luncheon Club at noon today.
His subject will be: "The Function
of a Student Editor in a College
Community," and he will also ans
wer questions of club members on
The Daily.
The selection of Lapham as a
Luncheon Club speaker is part of
the group's current policy of having
student, as well as off-campus
speakers. Farm men who have al
ready addressed the group are:
Tom Killefer, A.S.S.U. president,
and Sumner Gill, who discussed
labor conditions in the San Joaquin
Valley.
Several outstanding outside speak
ers have been scheduled for meet
ings this quarter, including Dean
Charles Gilkey of the University of
Chicago, on Feb. 23, and Gaius
Glenn Atkins of Auburn Theologi
cal Seminary, on March 9, accord
ing to D. Elton Trueblood, Univer
sity chaplain, and sponsor of the
club.
Lloyd Lapham, Daily editor, will
speak before the regular meeting of
the Luncheon Club at noon today.
His subject will be: "The Function
of a Student Editor in a College
Community," and he will also ans
wer questions of club members on
The Daily.
The selection of Lapham as a
Luncheon Club speaker is part of
the group's current policy of having
student, as well as off-campus
speakers. Farm men who have al
ready addressed the group are:
Tom Killefer, A.S.S.U. president,
and Sumner Gill, who discussed
labor conditions in the San Joaquin
Valley.
Several outstanding outside speak
ers have been scheduled for meet
ings this quarter, including Dean
Charles Gilkey of the University of
Chicago, on Feb. 23, and Gaius
Glenn Atkins of Auburn Theologi
cal Seminary, on March 9, accord
ing to D. Elton Trueblood, Univer
sity chaplain, and sponsor of the
club.
Lloyd Lapham, Daily editor, will
speak before the regular meeting of
the Luncheon Club at noon today.
His subject will be: "The Function
of a Student Editor in a College
Community," and he will also ans
wer questions of club members on
The Daily.
The selection of Lapham as a
Luncheon Club speaker is part of
the group's current policy of having
student, as well as off-campus
speakers. Farm men who have al
ready addressed the group are:
Tom Killefer, A.S.S.U. president,
and Sumner Gill, who discussed
labor conditions in the San Joaquin
Valley.
Several outstanding outside speak
ers have been scheduled for meet
ings this quarter, including Dean
Charles Gilkey of the University of
Chicago, on Feb. 23, and Gaius
Glenn Atkins of Auburn Theologi
cal Seminary, on March 9, accord
ing to D. Elton Trueblood, Univer
sity chaplain, and sponsor of the
club.
Lloyd Lapham, Daily editor, will
speak before the regular meeting of
the Luncheon Club at noon today.
His subject will be: "The Function
of a Student Editor in a College
Community," and he will also ans
wer questions of club members on
The Daily.
The selection of Lapham as a
Luncheon Club speaker is part of
the group's current policy of having
student, as well as off-campus
speakers. Farm men who have al
ready addressed the group are:
Tom Killefer, A.S.S.U. president,
and Sumner Gill, who discussed
labor conditions in the San Joaquin
Valley.
Several outstanding outside speak
ers have been scheduled for meet
ings this quarter, including Dean
Charles Gilkey of the University of
Chicago, on Feb. 23, and Gaius
Glenn Atkins of Auburn Theologi
cal Seminary, on March 9, accord
ing to D. Elton Trueblood, Univer
sity chaplain, and sponsor of the
club.
Lloyd Lapham, Daily editor, will
speak before the regular meeting of
the Luncheon Club at noon today.
His subject will be: "The Function
of a Student Editor in a College
Community," and he will also ans
wer questions of club members on
The Daily.
The selection of Lapham as a
Luncheon Club speaker is part of
the group's current policy of having
student, as well as off-campus
speakers. Farm men who have al
ready addressed the group are:
Tom Killefer, A.S.S.U. president,
and Sumner Gill, who discussed
labor conditions in the San Joaquin
Valley.
Several outstanding outside speak
ers have been scheduled for meet
ings this quarter, including Dean
Charles Gilkey of the University of
Chicago, on Feb. 23, and Gaius
Glenn Atkins of Auburn Theologi
cal Seminary, on March 9, accord
ing to D. Elton Trueblood, Univer
sity chaplain, and sponsor of the
club.
