# Robleites To Give Valentine Dance
## 
### 
Roble Club's semi-formal Valen
tine supper dance will be held at
6:45 o'clock Saturday, with dancing
to the music of Ernie Hechshers or
chestra from 8 to 12 o'clock.
Lydia Wood, chairman of the en
tertainment committee, has an
nounced that there will be im
promptu entertainment at the in
termission. Yvonne Hazlett and a
trio composed of Audrey Clark,
Lucile Herdner, and Peggy Naylor
expected to sing. This is the first
public appearance of the trio.
Sally Milhauser, chairman of the
chaperon committee, has announced
that the chaperones will be Mrs.
Leona Diekema, Director of Roble,
Miss Helen Hayden, Director of
Roble Dining Hall, Miss Rachel
Christie, Mr. Richard A. Ogg, Mr.
Bernerd Clarke Weber, Mr. George
Frank Sensabaugh, and Mr. Joseph
Oliphant.
Roble Club's semi-formal Valen
tine supper dance will be held at
6:45 o'clock Saturday, with dancing
to the music of Ernie Hechshers or
chestra from 8 to 12 o'clock.
Lydia Wood, chairman of the en
tertainment committee, has an
nounced that there will be im
promptu entertainment at the in
termission. Yvonne Hazlett and a
trio composed of Audrey Clark,
Lucile Herdner, and Peggy Naylor
expected to sing. This is the first
public appearance of the trio.
Sally Milhauser, chairman of the
chaperon committee, has announced
that the chaperones will be Mrs.
Leona Diekema, Director of Roble,
Miss Helen Hayden, Director of
Roble Dining Hall, Miss Rachel
Christie, Mr. Richard A. Ogg, Mr.
Bernerd Clarke Weber, Mr. George
Frank Sensabaugh, and Mr. Joseph
Oliphant.
Roble Club's semi-formal Valen
tine supper dance will be held at
6:45 o'clock Saturday, with dancing
to the music of Ernie Hechshers or
chestra from 8 to 12 o'clock.
Lydia Wood, chairman of the en
tertainment committee, has an
nounced that there will be im
promptu entertainment at the in
termission. Yvonne Hazlett and a
trio composed of Audrey Clark,
Lucile Herdner, and Peggy Naylor
expected to sing. This is the first
public appearance of the trio.
Sally Milhauser, chairman of the
chaperon committee, has announced
that the chaperones will be Mrs.
Leona Diekema, Director of Roble,
Miss Helen Hayden, Director of
Roble Dining Hall, Miss Rachel
Christie, Mr. Richard A. Ogg, Mr.
Bernerd Clarke Weber, Mr. George
Frank Sensabaugh, and Mr. Joseph
Oliphant.
Roble Club's semi-formal Valen
tine supper dance will be held at
6:45 o'clock Saturday, with dancing
to the music of Ernie Hechshers or
chestra from 8 to 12 o'clock.
Lydia Wood, chairman of the en
tertainment committee, has an
nounced that there will be im
promptu entertainment at the in
termission. Yvonne Hazlett and a
trio composed of Audrey Clark,
Lucile Herdner, and Peggy Naylor
expected to sing. This is the first
public appearance of the trio.
Sally Milhauser, chairman of the
chaperon committee, has announced
that the chaperones will be Mrs.
Leona Diekema, Director of Roble,
Miss Helen Hayden, Director of
Roble Dining Hall, Miss Rachel
Christie, Mr. Richard A. Ogg, Mr.
Bernerd Clarke Weber, Mr. George
Frank Sensabaugh, and Mr. Joseph
Oliphant.
Roble Club's semi-formal Valen
tine supper dance will be held at
6:45 o'clock Saturday, with dancing
to the music of Ernie Hechshers or
chestra from 8 to 12 o'clock.
Lydia Wood, chairman of the en
tertainment committee, has an
nounced that there will be im
promptu entertainment at the in
termission. Yvonne Hazlett and a
trio composed of Audrey Clark,
Lucile Herdner, and Peggy Naylor
expected to sing. This is the first
public appearance of the trio.
Sally Milhauser, chairman of the
chaperon committee, has announced
that the chaperones will be Mrs.
Leona Diekema, Director of Roble,
Miss Helen Hayden, Director of
Roble Dining Hall, Miss Rachel
Christie, Mr. Richard A. Ogg, Mr.
Bernerd Clarke Weber, Mr. George
Frank Sensabaugh, and Mr. Joseph
Oliphant.
Roble Club's semi-formal Valen
tine supper dance will be held at
6:45 o'clock Saturday, with dancing
to the music of Ernie Hechshers or
chestra from 8 to 12 o'clock.
Lydia Wood, chairman of the en
tertainment committee, has an
nounced that there will be im
promptu entertainment at the in
termission. Yvonne Hazlett and a
trio composed of Audrey Clark,
Lucile Herdner, and Peggy Naylor
expected to sing. This is the first
public appearance of the trio.
Sally Milhauser, chairman of the
chaperon committee, has announced
that the chaperones will be Mrs.
Leona Diekema, Director of Roble,
Miss Helen Hayden, Director of
Roble Dining Hall, Miss Rachel
Christie, Mr. Richard A. Ogg, Mr.
Bernerd Clarke Weber, Mr. George
Frank Sensabaugh, and Mr. Joseph
Oliphant.
Roble Club's semi-formal Valen
tine supper dance will be held at
6:45 o'clock Saturday, with dancing
to the music of Ernie Hechshers or
chestra from 8 to 12 o'clock.
Lydia Wood, chairman of the en
tertainment committee, has an
nounced that there will be im
promptu entertainment at the in
termission. Yvonne Hazlett and a
trio composed of Audrey Clark,
Lucile Herdner, and Peggy Naylor
expected to sing. This is the first
public appearance of the trio.
Sally Milhauser, chairman of the
chaperon committee, has announced
that the chaperones will be Mrs.
Leona Diekema, Director of Roble,
Miss Helen Hayden, Director of
Roble Dining Hall, Miss Rachel
Christie, Mr. Richard A. Ogg, Mr.
Bernerd Clarke Weber, Mr. George
Frank Sensabaugh, and Mr. Joseph
Oliphant.
Roble Club's semi-formal Valen
tine supper dance will be held at
6:45 o'clock Saturday, with dancing
to the music of Ernie Hechshers or
chestra from 8 to 12 o'clock.
Lydia Wood, chairman of the en
tertainment committee, has an
nounced that there will be im
promptu entertainment at the in
termission. Yvonne Hazlett and a
trio composed of Audrey Clark,
Lucile Herdner, and Peggy Naylor
expected to sing. This is the first
public appearance of the trio.
Sally Milhauser, chairman of the
chaperon committee, has announced
that the chaperones will be Mrs.
Leona Diekema, Director of Roble,
Miss Helen Hayden, Director of
Roble Dining Hall, Miss Rachel
Christie, Mr. Richard A. Ogg, Mr.
Bernerd Clarke Weber, Mr. George
Frank Sensabaugh, and Mr. Joseph
Oliphant.
Roble Club's semi-formal Valen
tine supper dance will be held at
6:45 o'clock Saturday, with dancing
to the music of Ernie Hechshers or
chestra from 8 to 12 o'clock.
Lydia Wood, chairman of the en
tertainment committee, has an
nounced that there will be im
promptu entertainment at the in
termission. Yvonne Hazlett and a
trio composed of Audrey Clark,
Lucile Herdner, and Peggy Naylor
expected to sing. This is the first
public appearance of the trio.
Sally Milhauser, chairman of the
chaperon committee, has announced
that the chaperones will be Mrs.
Leona Diekema, Director of Roble,
Miss Helen Hayden, Director of
Roble Dining Hall, Miss Rachel
Christie, Mr. Richard A. Ogg, Mr.
Bernerd Clarke Weber, Mr. George
Frank Sensabaugh, and Mr. Joseph
Oliphant.
Roble Club's semi-formal Valen
tine supper dance will be held at
6:45 o'clock Saturday, with dancing
to the music of Ernie Hechshers or
chestra from 8 to 12 o'clock.
Lydia Wood, chairman of the en
tertainment committee, has an
nounced that there will be im
promptu entertainment at the in
termission. Yvonne Hazlett and a
trio composed of Audrey Clark,
Lucile Herdner, and Peggy Naylor
expected to sing. This is the first
public appearance of the trio.
Sally Milhauser, chairman of the
chaperon committee, has announced
that the chaperones will be Mrs.
Leona Diekema, Director of Roble,
Miss Helen Hayden, Director of
Roble Dining Hall, Miss Rachel
Christie, Mr. Richard A. Ogg, Mr.
Bernerd Clarke Weber, Mr. George
Frank Sensabaugh, and Mr. Joseph
Oliphant.
Roble Club's semi-formal Valen
tine supper dance will be held at
6:45 o'clock Saturday, with dancing
to the music of Ernie Hechshers or
chestra from 8 to 12 o'clock.
Lydia Wood, chairman of the en
tertainment committee, has an
nounced that there will be im
promptu entertainment at the in
termission. Yvonne Hazlett and a
trio composed of Audrey Clark,
Lucile Herdner, and Peggy Naylor
expected to sing. This is the first
public appearance of the trio.
Sally Milhauser, chairman of the
chaperon committee, has announced
that the chaperones will be Mrs.
Leona Diekema, Director of Roble,
Miss Helen Hayden, Director of
Roble Dining Hall, Miss Rachel
Christie, Mr. Richard A. Ogg, Mr.
Bernerd Clarke Weber, Mr. George
Frank Sensabaugh, and Mr. Joseph
Oliphant.
Roble Club's semi-formal Valen
tine supper dance will be held at
6:45 o'clock Saturday, with dancing
to the music of Ernie Hechshers or
chestra from 8 to 12 o'clock.
Lydia Wood, chairman of the en
tertainment committee, has an
nounced that there will be im
promptu entertainment at the in
termission. Yvonne Hazlett and a
trio composed of Audrey Clark,
Lucile Herdner, and Peggy Naylor
expected to sing. This is the first
public appearance of the trio.
Sally Milhauser, chairman of the
chaperon committee, has announced
that the chaperones will be Mrs.
Leona Diekema, Director of Roble,
Miss Helen Hayden, Director of
Roble Dining Hall, Miss Rachel
Christie, Mr. Richard A. Ogg, Mr.
Bernerd Clarke Weber, Mr. George
Frank Sensabaugh, and Mr. Joseph
Oliphant.
Roble Club's semi-formal Valen
tine supper dance will be held at
6:45 o'clock Saturday, with dancing
to the music of Ernie Hechshers or
chestra from 8 to 12 o'clock.
Lydia Wood, chairman of the en
tertainment committee, has an
nounced that there will be im
promptu entertainment at the in
termission. Yvonne Hazlett and a
trio composed of Audrey Clark,
Lucile Herdner, and Peggy Naylor
expected to sing. This is the first
public appearance of the trio.
Sally Milhauser, chairman of the
chaperon committee, has announced
that the chaperones will be Mrs.
Leona Diekema, Director of Roble,
Miss Helen Hayden, Director of
Roble Dining Hall, Miss Rachel
Christie, Mr. Richard A. Ogg, Mr.
Bernerd Clarke Weber, Mr. George
Frank Sensabaugh, and Mr. Joseph
Oliphant.
Roble Club's semi-formal Valen
tine supper dance will be held at
6:45 o'clock Saturday, with dancing
to the music of Ernie Hechshers or
chestra from 8 to 12 o'clock.
Lydia Wood, chairman of the en
tertainment committee, has an
nounced that there will be im
promptu entertainment at the in
termission. Yvonne Hazlett and a
trio composed of Audrey Clark,
Lucile Herdner, and Peggy Naylor
expected to sing. This is the first
public appearance of the trio.
Sally Milhauser, chairman of the
chaperon committee, has announced
that the chaperones will be Mrs.
Leona Diekema, Director of Roble,
Miss Helen Hayden, Director of
Roble Dining Hall, Miss Rachel
Christie, Mr. Richard A. Ogg, Mr.
Bernerd Clarke Weber, Mr. George
Frank Sensabaugh, and Mr. Joseph
Oliphant.
Roble Club's semi-formal Valen
tine supper dance will be held at
6:45 o'clock Saturday, with dancing
to the music of Ernie Hechshers or
chestra from 8 to 12 o'clock.
Lydia Wood, chairman of the en
tertainment committee, has an
nounced that there will be im
promptu entertainment at the in
termission. Yvonne Hazlett and a
trio composed of Audrey Clark,
Lucile Herdner, and Peggy Naylor
expected to sing. This is the first
public appearance of the trio.
Sally Milhauser, chairman of the
chaperon committee, has announced
that the chaperones will be Mrs.
Leona Diekema, Director of Roble,
Miss Helen Hayden, Director of
Roble Dining Hall, Miss Rachel
Christie, Mr. Richard A. Ogg, Mr.
Bernerd Clarke Weber, Mr. George
Frank Sensabaugh, and Mr. Joseph
Oliphant.
