# ALUMNUS OUT THIS WEEK.
## Many Interesting Articles in First Number to Issued by C.K. Field, '95. 
### 
The first issue this semester of the
Stanford Alumnus, edited by C. i\.
Field, *95, will appear this week.
Among the many interesting articles
will he the revised constitution cf
the Alumni, tlie paper read by Dr.
,T. C. Rranner at the first assembly,
a statement by Dr. Jordan of his
ideas regarding the ideal University
plan, "The Story of Ham", being a
record of progress from the old camp
of John Wanamaker. and a review of
the conditions under which college
opens. Besides these articles will
news items regarding the alumni.
The first issue this semester of the
Stanford Alumnus, edited by C. i\.
Field, *95, will appear this week.
Among the many interesting articles
will he the revised constitution cf
the Alumni, tlie paper read by Dr.
,T. C. Rranner at the first assembly,
a statement by Dr. Jordan of his
ideas regarding the ideal University
plan, "The Story of Ham", being a
record of progress from the old camp
of John Wanamaker. and a review of
the conditions under which college
opens. Besides these articles will
news items regarding the alumni.
The first issue this semester of the
Stanford Alumnus, edited by C. i\.
Field, *95, will appear this week.
Among the many interesting articles
will he the revised constitution cf
the Alumni, tlie paper read by Dr.
,T. C. Rranner at the first assembly,
a statement by Dr. Jordan of his
ideas regarding the ideal University
plan, "The Story of Ham", being a
record of progress from the old camp
of John Wanamaker. and a review of
the conditions under which college
opens. Besides these articles will
news items regarding the alumni.
The first issue this semester of the
Stanford Alumnus, edited by C. i\.
Field, *95, will appear this week.
Among the many interesting articles
will he the revised constitution cf
the Alumni, tlie paper read by Dr.
,T. C. Rranner at the first assembly,
a statement by Dr. Jordan of his
ideas regarding the ideal University
plan, "The Story of Ham", being a
record of progress from the old camp
of John Wanamaker. and a review of
the conditions under which college
opens. Besides these articles will
news items regarding the alumni.
The first issue this semester of the
Stanford Alumnus, edited by C. i\.
Field, *95, will appear this week.
Among the many interesting articles
will he the revised constitution cf
the Alumni, tlie paper read by Dr.
,T. C. Rranner at the first assembly,
a statement by Dr. Jordan of his
ideas regarding the ideal University
plan, "The Story of Ham", being a
record of progress from the old camp
of John Wanamaker. and a review of
the conditions under which college
opens. Besides these articles will
news items regarding the alumni.
The first issue this semester of the
Stanford Alumnus, edited by C. i\.
Field, *95, will appear this week.
Among the many interesting articles
will he the revised constitution cf
the Alumni, tlie paper read by Dr.
,T. C. Rranner at the first assembly,
a statement by Dr. Jordan of his
ideas regarding the ideal University
plan, "The Story of Ham", being a
record of progress from the old camp
of John Wanamaker. and a review of
the conditions under which college
opens. Besides these articles will
news items regarding the alumni.
The first issue this semester of the
Stanford Alumnus, edited by C. i\.
Field, *95, will appear this week.
Among the many interesting articles
will he the revised constitution cf
the Alumni, tlie paper read by Dr.
,T. C. Rranner at the first assembly,
a statement by Dr. Jordan of his
ideas regarding the ideal University
plan, "The Story of Ham", being a
record of progress from the old camp
of John Wanamaker. and a review of
the conditions under which college
opens. Besides these articles will
news items regarding the alumni.
The first issue this semester of the
Stanford Alumnus, edited by C. i\.
Field, *95, will appear this week.
Among the many interesting articles
will he the revised constitution cf
the Alumni, tlie paper read by Dr.
,T. C. Rranner at the first assembly,
a statement by Dr. Jordan of his
ideas regarding the ideal University
plan, "The Story of Ham", being a
record of progress from the old camp
of John Wanamaker. and a review of
the conditions under which college
opens. Besides these articles will
news items regarding the alumni.
The first issue this semester of the
Stanford Alumnus, edited by C. i\.
Field, *95, will appear this week.
Among the many interesting articles
will he the revised constitution cf
the Alumni, tlie paper read by Dr.
,T. C. Rranner at the first assembly,
a statement by Dr. Jordan of his
ideas regarding the ideal University
plan, "The Story of Ham", being a
record of progress from the old camp
of John Wanamaker. and a review of
the conditions under which college
opens. Besides these articles will
news items regarding the alumni.
The first issue this semester of the
Stanford Alumnus, edited by C. i\.
Field, *95, will appear this week.
Among the many interesting articles
will he the revised constitution cf
the Alumni, tlie paper read by Dr.
,T. C. Rranner at the first assembly,
a statement by Dr. Jordan of his
ideas regarding the ideal University
plan, "The Story of Ham", being a
record of progress from the old camp
of John Wanamaker. and a review of
the conditions under which college
opens. Besides these articles will
news items regarding the alumni.
