# Morgan Publishes Schurz Biography
## 
### 
"A Short Life of Carl Schurz, a
Great German-American," by Bay
ard Quincy Morgan, professor of
German, has just been published by
the Carl Schurz Association of
Berlin.
Schurz, the first independent in
American politics, was a friend of
Lincoln, for whom he campaigned,
and of President Cleveland, whose
election he was instrumental in
bringing about. The book is not for
sale, but is being distributed pri
vately by the publishers to Ameri
can friends.
"A Short Life of Carl Schurz, a
Great German-American," by Bay
ard Quincy Morgan, professor of
German, has just been published by
the Carl Schurz Association of
Berlin.
Schurz, the first independent in
American politics, was a friend of
Lincoln, for whom he campaigned,
and of President Cleveland, whose
election he was instrumental in
bringing about. The book is not for
sale, but is being distributed pri
vately by the publishers to Ameri
can friends.
"A Short Life of Carl Schurz, a
Great German-American," by Bay
ard Quincy Morgan, professor of
German, has just been published by
the Carl Schurz Association of
Berlin.
Schurz, the first independent in
American politics, was a friend of
Lincoln, for whom he campaigned,
and of President Cleveland, whose
election he was instrumental in
bringing about. The book is not for
sale, but is being distributed pri
vately by the publishers to Ameri
can friends.
"A Short Life of Carl Schurz, a
Great German-American," by Bay
ard Quincy Morgan, professor of
German, has just been published by
the Carl Schurz Association of
Berlin.
Schurz, the first independent in
American politics, was a friend of
Lincoln, for whom he campaigned,
and of President Cleveland, whose
election he was instrumental in
bringing about. The book is not for
sale, but is being distributed pri
vately by the publishers to Ameri
can friends.
"A Short Life of Carl Schurz, a
Great German-American," by Bay
ard Quincy Morgan, professor of
German, has just been published by
the Carl Schurz Association of
Berlin.
Schurz, the first independent in
American politics, was a friend of
Lincoln, for whom he campaigned,
and of President Cleveland, whose
election he was instrumental in
bringing about. The book is not for
sale, but is being distributed pri
vately by the publishers to Ameri
can friends.
"A Short Life of Carl Schurz, a
Great German-American," by Bay
ard Quincy Morgan, professor of
German, has just been published by
the Carl Schurz Association of
Berlin.
Schurz, the first independent in
American politics, was a friend of
Lincoln, for whom he campaigned,
and of President Cleveland, whose
election he was instrumental in
bringing about. The book is not for
sale, but is being distributed pri
vately by the publishers to Ameri
can friends.
"A Short Life of Carl Schurz, a
Great German-American," by Bay
ard Quincy Morgan, professor of
German, has just been published by
the Carl Schurz Association of
Berlin.
Schurz, the first independent in
American politics, was a friend of
Lincoln, for whom he campaigned,
and of President Cleveland, whose
election he was instrumental in
bringing about. The book is not for
sale, but is being distributed pri
vately by the publishers to Ameri
can friends.
"A Short Life of Carl Schurz, a
Great German-American," by Bay
ard Quincy Morgan, professor of
German, has just been published by
the Carl Schurz Association of
Berlin.
Schurz, the first independent in
American politics, was a friend of
Lincoln, for whom he campaigned,
and of President Cleveland, whose
election he was instrumental in
bringing about. The book is not for
sale, but is being distributed pri
vately by the publishers to Ameri
can friends.
"A Short Life of Carl Schurz, a
Great German-American," by Bay
ard Quincy Morgan, professor of
German, has just been published by
the Carl Schurz Association of
Berlin.
Schurz, the first independent in
American politics, was a friend of
Lincoln, for whom he campaigned,
and of President Cleveland, whose
election he was instrumental in
bringing about. The book is not for
sale, but is being distributed pri
vately by the publishers to Ameri
can friends.
"A Short Life of Carl Schurz, a
Great German-American," by Bay
ard Quincy Morgan, professor of
German, has just been published by
the Carl Schurz Association of
Berlin.
Schurz, the first independent in
American politics, was a friend of
Lincoln, for whom he campaigned,
and of President Cleveland, whose
election he was instrumental in
bringing about. The book is not for
sale, but is being distributed pri
vately by the publishers to Ameri
can friends.
"A Short Life of Carl Schurz, a
Great German-American," by Bay
ard Quincy Morgan, professor of
German, has just been published by
the Carl Schurz Association of
Berlin.
Schurz, the first independent in
American politics, was a friend of
Lincoln, for whom he campaigned,
and of President Cleveland, whose
election he was instrumental in
bringing about. The book is not for
sale, but is being distributed pri
vately by the publishers to Ameri
can friends.
"A Short Life of Carl Schurz, a
Great German-American," by Bay
ard Quincy Morgan, professor of
German, has just been published by
the Carl Schurz Association of
Berlin.
Schurz, the first independent in
American politics, was a friend of
Lincoln, for whom he campaigned,
and of President Cleveland, whose
election he was instrumental in
bringing about. The book is not for
sale, but is being distributed pri
vately by the publishers to Ameri
can friends.
"A Short Life of Carl Schurz, a
Great German-American," by Bay
ard Quincy Morgan, professor of
German, has just been published by
the Carl Schurz Association of
Berlin.
Schurz, the first independent in
American politics, was a friend of
Lincoln, for whom he campaigned,
and of President Cleveland, whose
election he was instrumental in
bringing about. The book is not for
sale, but is being distributed pri
vately by the publishers to Ameri
can friends.
"A Short Life of Carl Schurz, a
Great German-American," by Bay
ard Quincy Morgan, professor of
German, has just been published by
the Carl Schurz Association of
Berlin.
Schurz, the first independent in
American politics, was a friend of
Lincoln, for whom he campaigned,
and of President Cleveland, whose
election he was instrumental in
bringing about. The book is not for
sale, but is being distributed pri
vately by the publishers to Ameri
can friends.
"A Short Life of Carl Schurz, a
Great German-American," by Bay
ard Quincy Morgan, professor of
German, has just been published by
the Carl Schurz Association of
Berlin.
Schurz, the first independent in
American politics, was a friend of
Lincoln, for whom he campaigned,
and of President Cleveland, whose
election he was instrumental in
bringing about. The book is not for
sale, but is being distributed pri
vately by the publishers to Ameri
can friends.
"A Short Life of Carl Schurz, a
Great German-American," by Bay
ard Quincy Morgan, professor of
German, has just been published by
the Carl Schurz Association of
Berlin.
Schurz, the first independent in
American politics, was a friend of
Lincoln, for whom he campaigned,
and of President Cleveland, whose
election he was instrumental in
bringing about. The book is not for
sale, but is being distributed pri
vately by the publishers to Ameri
can friends.
