# WHERE FIRE KILLED HUNDREDS
## 
### 

SCENE SHOWING narrow street and houses on stilts in oil town ol
Lagunillas, Venezuela, where hundreds of the inhabitants died wher
an oil film on Lake Maracaibo caught fire and swept the town.

SCENE SHOWING narrow street and houses on stilts in oil town ol
Lagunillas, Venezuela, where hundreds of the inhabitants died wher
an oil film on Lake Maracaibo caught fire and swept the town.

SCENE SHOWING narrow street and houses on stilts in oil town ol
Lagunillas, Venezuela, where hundreds of the inhabitants died wher
an oil film on Lake Maracaibo caught fire and swept the town.

SCENE SHOWING narrow street and houses on stilts in oil town ol
Lagunillas, Venezuela, where hundreds of the inhabitants died wher
an oil film on Lake Maracaibo caught fire and swept the town.

SCENE SHOWING narrow street and houses on stilts in oil town ol
Lagunillas, Venezuela, where hundreds of the inhabitants died wher
an oil film on Lake Maracaibo caught fire and swept the town.

SCENE SHOWING narrow street and houses on stilts in oil town ol
Lagunillas, Venezuela, where hundreds of the inhabitants died wher
an oil film on Lake Maracaibo caught fire and swept the town.

SCENE SHOWING narrow street and houses on stilts in oil town ol
Lagunillas, Venezuela, where hundreds of the inhabitants died wher
an oil film on Lake Maracaibo caught fire and swept the town.

SCENE SHOWING narrow street and houses on stilts in oil town ol
Lagunillas, Venezuela, where hundreds of the inhabitants died wher
an oil film on Lake Maracaibo caught fire and swept the town.

SCENE SHOWING narrow street and houses on stilts in oil town ol
Lagunillas, Venezuela, where hundreds of the inhabitants died wher
an oil film on Lake Maracaibo caught fire and swept the town.

SCENE SHOWING narrow street and houses on stilts in oil town ol
Lagunillas, Venezuela, where hundreds of the inhabitants died wher
an oil film on Lake Maracaibo caught fire and swept the town.

SCENE SHOWING narrow street and houses on stilts in oil town ol
Lagunillas, Venezuela, where hundreds of the inhabitants died wher
an oil film on Lake Maracaibo caught fire and swept the town.

SCENE SHOWING narrow street and houses on stilts in oil town ol
Lagunillas, Venezuela, where hundreds of the inhabitants died wher
an oil film on Lake Maracaibo caught fire and swept the town.

SCENE SHOWING narrow street and houses on stilts in oil town ol
Lagunillas, Venezuela, where hundreds of the inhabitants died wher
an oil film on Lake Maracaibo caught fire and swept the town.

SCENE SHOWING narrow street and houses on stilts in oil town ol
Lagunillas, Venezuela, where hundreds of the inhabitants died wher
an oil film on Lake Maracaibo caught fire and swept the town.

SCENE SHOWING narrow street and houses on stilts in oil town ol
Lagunillas, Venezuela, where hundreds of the inhabitants died wher
an oil film on Lake Maracaibo caught fire and swept the town.

SCENE SHOWING narrow street and houses on stilts in oil town ol
Lagunillas, Venezuela, where hundreds of the inhabitants died wher
an oil film on Lake Maracaibo caught fire and swept the town.
