# News Notes
## 
### 
The film of the historic 1963
American Mt. Everest Expedition
will be shown tomorrow for the
first time on the Peninsula as a
benefit for the Castle Rock State
Park fund-raising program.
The film will be shown at 7:30
and 9:30 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium. This motion picture
was first shown on nationwide
television in 1965 to inaugurate
the National Geographic Society's
new series.
* * â™¦
Mme. Lotte Eisner, Curator of
the Cinematheque Francaise, will
speak today at 4:15 p.m. in the
auditorium of the Art Building.
Her talk, "Expressionism in Film:
An Art-Historical Perspective," is
open to the public.
Mme. Eisner is curator of the
collection of film literature and
printed materials at the
Cinematheque Francaise, the
French national film archive. She
has spent the last 30 years
working on the aesthetics and
history of the cinema, as well as
serving on international film
festival juries.
