# Adv. 51 Page 15
## 
### 
CHILDCARE
Childcare(Mo-Wed-Fri pm; Tu-Thu
all day) for 2 boys (3&5) needed
in dt PA; must drive (car is pro
vided); Call 650-814-0902 or e
mail pananny2003@yahoo.com
Childcare needed for 2 toddlers.
Friday mornings 8:30 to noon in
home in Redwood City. 261-1163
CompaniorVdriver for Menlo P. 10
yr old boy, 3:30-5:30pm, M-F
Excellent for students. 888-3765.
Flexible sitter wanted evenings
and weekends for 2-yr-old. $8/hr
Call Stephanie, 497-5700
Friendly MP fam. seeks babysitter
for 2 kids. Stdnts only 321-9686
Fun family seeking WED EVENING
babysitter 5:00-9:00pm for sweet
2yr old girl. $12.00 hour
10 minutes from campus. Call
415-990-0146 (cell) or email
ms_addey@yahoo.com
Great kids are looking for a fun
reliable babysitter. PT-Flex hrs
close to campus. 650-556-1822
Looking for experienced,
enthusiastic babysitter 3-6
hrs/wk +occ evenings for 2 small
kids. Call Andrea @ 650327.8704
Looking for someone to help with
homework & play soccer, tennis,
bikeride w/ our 10 year old son
3 afternoons a week. 3:30-6:30.
On campus. Please e-mail
mendei@stanford.edu
PT Nanny needed. Wonderful
person needed 8-12 hr./wk.
evenings and afterschool for 2
gradeschooi girls. Positive
attitude, exp., refs., & car
req. Atherton location. Please
call Liz 650-853-0691
Sitter, homework help for 9 yr
old. Two afternoons a week.
650 856-1496 ewolak@pacbeil.net
