# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Kansas has just suspended twelve
students for smoking in university
t uildiners.
Kansas has just suspended twelve
students for smoking in university
t uildiners.
Kansas has just suspended twelve
students for smoking in university
t uildiners.
Kansas has just suspended twelve
students for smoking in university
t uildiners.
Kansas has just suspended twelve
students for smoking in university
t uildiners.
Kansas has just suspended twelve
students for smoking in university
t uildiners.
Kansas has just suspended twelve
students for smoking in university
t uildiners.
Kansas has just suspended twelve
students for smoking in university
t uildiners.
Kansas has just suspended twelve
students for smoking in university
t uildiners.
Kansas has just suspended twelve
students for smoking in university
t uildiners.
Kansas has just suspended twelve
students for smoking in university
t uildiners.
Kansas has just suspended twelve
students for smoking in university
t uildiners.
Kansas has just suspended twelve
students for smoking in university
t uildiners.
