# MOVIES CONQUER LAST LARGE TOWN
## 
### 
BROOKLINE, Mass., Nov. 5. (/I 1 )
—Movie fans, who have been fight
ing for years to have motion pic
lures allowed in this town finally
triumphed yeslerday and voted 821!)
to (>BB4 in favor of the movies.
Brookline, with a population of
47,437, is the largest place in the
United States without moving pic
tures.
BROOKLINE, Mass., Nov. 5. (/I 1 )
—Movie fans, who have been fight
ing for years to have motion pic
lures allowed in this town finally
triumphed yeslerday and voted 821!)
to (>BB4 in favor of the movies.
Brookline, with a population of
47,437, is the largest place in the
United States without moving pic
tures.
BROOKLINE, Mass., Nov. 5. (/I 1 )
—Movie fans, who have been fight
ing for years to have motion pic
lures allowed in this town finally
triumphed yeslerday and voted 821!)
to (>BB4 in favor of the movies.
Brookline, with a population of
47,437, is the largest place in the
United States without moving pic
tures.
BROOKLINE, Mass., Nov. 5. (/I 1 )
—Movie fans, who have been fight
ing for years to have motion pic
lures allowed in this town finally
triumphed yeslerday and voted 821!)
to (>BB4 in favor of the movies.
Brookline, with a population of
47,437, is the largest place in the
United States without moving pic
tures.
BROOKLINE, Mass., Nov. 5. (/I 1 )
—Movie fans, who have been fight
ing for years to have motion pic
lures allowed in this town finally
triumphed yeslerday and voted 821!)
to (>BB4 in favor of the movies.
Brookline, with a population of
47,437, is the largest place in the
United States without moving pic
tures.
BROOKLINE, Mass., Nov. 5. (/I 1 )
—Movie fans, who have been fight
ing for years to have motion pic
lures allowed in this town finally
triumphed yeslerday and voted 821!)
to (>BB4 in favor of the movies.
Brookline, with a population of
47,437, is the largest place in the
United States without moving pic
tures.
BROOKLINE, Mass., Nov. 5. (/I 1 )
—Movie fans, who have been fight
ing for years to have motion pic
lures allowed in this town finally
triumphed yeslerday and voted 821!)
to (>BB4 in favor of the movies.
Brookline, with a population of
47,437, is the largest place in the
United States without moving pic
tures.
BROOKLINE, Mass., Nov. 5. (/I 1 )
—Movie fans, who have been fight
ing for years to have motion pic
lures allowed in this town finally
triumphed yeslerday and voted 821!)
to (>BB4 in favor of the movies.
Brookline, with a population of
47,437, is the largest place in the
United States without moving pic
tures.
BROOKLINE, Mass., Nov. 5. (/I 1 )
—Movie fans, who have been fight
ing for years to have motion pic
lures allowed in this town finally
triumphed yeslerday and voted 821!)
to (>BB4 in favor of the movies.
Brookline, with a population of
47,437, is the largest place in the
United States without moving pic
tures.
BROOKLINE, Mass., Nov. 5. (/I 1 )
—Movie fans, who have been fight
ing for years to have motion pic
lures allowed in this town finally
triumphed yeslerday and voted 821!)
to (>BB4 in favor of the movies.
Brookline, with a population of
47,437, is the largest place in the
United States without moving pic
tures.
BROOKLINE, Mass., Nov. 5. (/I 1 )
—Movie fans, who have been fight
ing for years to have motion pic
lures allowed in this town finally
triumphed yeslerday and voted 821!)
to (>BB4 in favor of the movies.
Brookline, with a population of
47,437, is the largest place in the
United States without moving pic
tures.
BROOKLINE, Mass., Nov. 5. (/I 1 )
—Movie fans, who have been fight
ing for years to have motion pic
lures allowed in this town finally
triumphed yeslerday and voted 821!)
to (>BB4 in favor of the movies.
Brookline, with a population of
47,437, is the largest place in the
United States without moving pic
tures.
BROOKLINE, Mass., Nov. 5. (/I 1 )
—Movie fans, who have been fight
ing for years to have motion pic
lures allowed in this town finally
triumphed yeslerday and voted 821!)
to (>BB4 in favor of the movies.
Brookline, with a population of
47,437, is the largest place in the
United States without moving pic
tures.
BROOKLINE, Mass., Nov. 5. (/I 1 )
—Movie fans, who have been fight
ing for years to have motion pic
lures allowed in this town finally
triumphed yeslerday and voted 821!)
to (>BB4 in favor of the movies.
Brookline, with a population of
47,437, is the largest place in the
United States without moving pic
tures.
BROOKLINE, Mass., Nov. 5. (/I 1 )
—Movie fans, who have been fight
ing for years to have motion pic
lures allowed in this town finally
triumphed yeslerday and voted 821!)
to (>BB4 in favor of the movies.
Brookline, with a population of
47,437, is the largest place in the
United States without moving pic
tures.
BROOKLINE, Mass., Nov. 5. (/I 1 )
—Movie fans, who have been fight
ing for years to have motion pic
lures allowed in this town finally
triumphed yeslerday and voted 821!)
to (>BB4 in favor of the movies.
Brookline, with a population of
47,437, is the largest place in the
United States without moving pic
tures.
