# NEW CONVERTER IS SET UP FOR USE IN MINING LABORATORY
## 
### 
Installation of a $2,000 high-fre
quency converter in the mining and
metallurgy laboratory recently has
made possible the use of electric
furnaces capable of heating metals
to 10,000 degrees Fahrenheit, ac
cording to W. J. Crook, professor
of metallurgy.
Ordinary electric current, stepped
up to 7,000 volts and 14.000 cycles
by the converter, is applied to the
copper coil which surrounds each
furnace. When placed within, a con
ducting metal offers resistance and
heats up quickly, but even while
the current is on one can place his
hand, a non-conductor, inside with
out discomfort.
Besides being highly effective and
easy to operate, the furnaces have
another salient advantage, the abil
ity to heat metals in a vacuum or
controlled atmosphere. These quali
ties have made possible many ex
periments formerly out of the ques
tion.
Perm-Alloy and Mu-Metal, the
alloys which have made possible
high-speed submarine cables, were
discovered by the use of this type
of furnace, and the United States
Bureau of Standards is employing
seven of them for research.
Installation of a $2,000 high-fre
quency converter in the mining and
metallurgy laboratory recently has
made possible the use of electric
furnaces capable of heating metals
to 10,000 degrees Fahrenheit, ac
cording to W. J. Crook, professor
of metallurgy.
Ordinary electric current, stepped
up to 7,000 volts and 14.000 cycles
by the converter, is applied to the
copper coil which surrounds each
furnace. When placed within, a con
ducting metal offers resistance and
heats up quickly, but even while
the current is on one can place his
hand, a non-conductor, inside with
out discomfort.
Besides being highly effective and
easy to operate, the furnaces have
another salient advantage, the abil
ity to heat metals in a vacuum or
controlled atmosphere. These quali
ties have made possible many ex
periments formerly out of the ques
tion.
Perm-Alloy and Mu-Metal, the
alloys which have made possible
high-speed submarine cables, were
discovered by the use of this type
of furnace, and the United States
Bureau of Standards is employing
seven of them for research.
Installation of a $2,000 high-fre
quency converter in the mining and
metallurgy laboratory recently has
made possible the use of electric
furnaces capable of heating metals
to 10,000 degrees Fahrenheit, ac
cording to W. J. Crook, professor
of metallurgy.
Ordinary electric current, stepped
up to 7,000 volts and 14.000 cycles
by the converter, is applied to the
copper coil which surrounds each
furnace. When placed within, a con
ducting metal offers resistance and
heats up quickly, but even while
the current is on one can place his
hand, a non-conductor, inside with
out discomfort.
Besides being highly effective and
easy to operate, the furnaces have
another salient advantage, the abil
ity to heat metals in a vacuum or
controlled atmosphere. These quali
ties have made possible many ex
periments formerly out of the ques
tion.
Perm-Alloy and Mu-Metal, the
alloys which have made possible
high-speed submarine cables, were
discovered by the use of this type
of furnace, and the United States
Bureau of Standards is employing
seven of them for research.
Installation of a $2,000 high-fre
quency converter in the mining and
metallurgy laboratory recently has
made possible the use of electric
furnaces capable of heating metals
to 10,000 degrees Fahrenheit, ac
cording to W. J. Crook, professor
of metallurgy.
Ordinary electric current, stepped
up to 7,000 volts and 14.000 cycles
by the converter, is applied to the
copper coil which surrounds each
furnace. When placed within, a con
ducting metal offers resistance and
heats up quickly, but even while
the current is on one can place his
hand, a non-conductor, inside with
out discomfort.
Besides being highly effective and
easy to operate, the furnaces have
another salient advantage, the abil
ity to heat metals in a vacuum or
controlled atmosphere. These quali
ties have made possible many ex
periments formerly out of the ques
tion.
Perm-Alloy and Mu-Metal, the
alloys which have made possible
high-speed submarine cables, were
discovered by the use of this type
of furnace, and the United States
Bureau of Standards is employing
seven of them for research.
Installation of a $2,000 high-fre
quency converter in the mining and
metallurgy laboratory recently has
made possible the use of electric
furnaces capable of heating metals
to 10,000 degrees Fahrenheit, ac
cording to W. J. Crook, professor
of metallurgy.
Ordinary electric current, stepped
up to 7,000 volts and 14.000 cycles
by the converter, is applied to the
copper coil which surrounds each
furnace. When placed within, a con
ducting metal offers resistance and
heats up quickly, but even while
the current is on one can place his
hand, a non-conductor, inside with
out discomfort.
Besides being highly effective and
easy to operate, the furnaces have
another salient advantage, the abil
ity to heat metals in a vacuum or
controlled atmosphere. These quali
ties have made possible many ex
periments formerly out of the ques
tion.
Perm-Alloy and Mu-Metal, the
alloys which have made possible
high-speed submarine cables, were
discovered by the use of this type
of furnace, and the United States
Bureau of Standards is employing
seven of them for research.
Installation of a $2,000 high-fre
quency converter in the mining and
metallurgy laboratory recently has
made possible the use of electric
furnaces capable of heating metals
to 10,000 degrees Fahrenheit, ac
cording to W. J. Crook, professor
of metallurgy.
Ordinary electric current, stepped
up to 7,000 volts and 14.000 cycles
by the converter, is applied to the
copper coil which surrounds each
furnace. When placed within, a con
ducting metal offers resistance and
heats up quickly, but even while
the current is on one can place his
hand, a non-conductor, inside with
out discomfort.
Besides being highly effective and
easy to operate, the furnaces have
another salient advantage, the abil
ity to heat metals in a vacuum or
controlled atmosphere. These quali
ties have made possible many ex
periments formerly out of the ques
tion.
Perm-Alloy and Mu-Metal, the
alloys which have made possible
high-speed submarine cables, were
discovered by the use of this type
of furnace, and the United States
Bureau of Standards is employing
seven of them for research.
Installation of a $2,000 high-fre
quency converter in the mining and
metallurgy laboratory recently has
made possible the use of electric
furnaces capable of heating metals
to 10,000 degrees Fahrenheit, ac
cording to W. J. Crook, professor
of metallurgy.
Ordinary electric current, stepped
up to 7,000 volts and 14.000 cycles
by the converter, is applied to the
copper coil which surrounds each
furnace. When placed within, a con
ducting metal offers resistance and
heats up quickly, but even while
the current is on one can place his
hand, a non-conductor, inside with
out discomfort.
Besides being highly effective and
easy to operate, the furnaces have
another salient advantage, the abil
ity to heat metals in a vacuum or
controlled atmosphere. These quali
ties have made possible many ex
periments formerly out of the ques
tion.
Perm-Alloy and Mu-Metal, the
alloys which have made possible
high-speed submarine cables, were
discovered by the use of this type
of furnace, and the United States
Bureau of Standards is employing
seven of them for research.
Installation of a $2,000 high-fre
quency converter in the mining and
metallurgy laboratory recently has
made possible the use of electric
furnaces capable of heating metals
to 10,000 degrees Fahrenheit, ac
cording to W. J. Crook, professor
of metallurgy.
Ordinary electric current, stepped
up to 7,000 volts and 14.000 cycles
by the converter, is applied to the
copper coil which surrounds each
furnace. When placed within, a con
ducting metal offers resistance and
heats up quickly, but even while
the current is on one can place his
hand, a non-conductor, inside with
out discomfort.
Besides being highly effective and
easy to operate, the furnaces have
another salient advantage, the abil
ity to heat metals in a vacuum or
controlled atmosphere. These quali
ties have made possible many ex
periments formerly out of the ques
tion.
Perm-Alloy and Mu-Metal, the
alloys which have made possible
high-speed submarine cables, were
discovered by the use of this type
of furnace, and the United States
Bureau of Standards is employing
seven of them for research.
Installation of a $2,000 high-fre
quency converter in the mining and
metallurgy laboratory recently has
made possible the use of electric
furnaces capable of heating metals
to 10,000 degrees Fahrenheit, ac
cording to W. J. Crook, professor
of metallurgy.
Ordinary electric current, stepped
up to 7,000 volts and 14.000 cycles
by the converter, is applied to the
copper coil which surrounds each
furnace. When placed within, a con
ducting metal offers resistance and
heats up quickly, but even while
the current is on one can place his
hand, a non-conductor, inside with
out discomfort.
Besides being highly effective and
easy to operate, the furnaces have
another salient advantage, the abil
ity to heat metals in a vacuum or
controlled atmosphere. These quali
ties have made possible many ex
periments formerly out of the ques
tion.
Perm-Alloy and Mu-Metal, the
alloys which have made possible
high-speed submarine cables, were
discovered by the use of this type
of furnace, and the United States
Bureau of Standards is employing
seven of them for research.
Installation of a $2,000 high-fre
quency converter in the mining and
metallurgy laboratory recently has
made possible the use of electric
furnaces capable of heating metals
to 10,000 degrees Fahrenheit, ac
cording to W. J. Crook, professor
of metallurgy.
Ordinary electric current, stepped
up to 7,000 volts and 14.000 cycles
by the converter, is applied to the
copper coil which surrounds each
furnace. When placed within, a con
ducting metal offers resistance and
heats up quickly, but even while
the current is on one can place his
hand, a non-conductor, inside with
out discomfort.
Besides being highly effective and
easy to operate, the furnaces have
another salient advantage, the abil
ity to heat metals in a vacuum or
controlled atmosphere. These quali
ties have made possible many ex
periments formerly out of the ques
tion.
Perm-Alloy and Mu-Metal, the
alloys which have made possible
high-speed submarine cables, were
discovered by the use of this type
of furnace, and the United States
Bureau of Standards is employing
seven of them for research.
Installation of a $2,000 high-fre
quency converter in the mining and
metallurgy laboratory recently has
made possible the use of electric
furnaces capable of heating metals
to 10,000 degrees Fahrenheit, ac
cording to W. J. Crook, professor
of metallurgy.
Ordinary electric current, stepped
up to 7,000 volts and 14.000 cycles
by the converter, is applied to the
copper coil which surrounds each
furnace. When placed within, a con
ducting metal offers resistance and
heats up quickly, but even while
the current is on one can place his
hand, a non-conductor, inside with
out discomfort.
Besides being highly effective and
easy to operate, the furnaces have
another salient advantage, the abil
ity to heat metals in a vacuum or
controlled atmosphere. These quali
ties have made possible many ex
periments formerly out of the ques
tion.
Perm-Alloy and Mu-Metal, the
alloys which have made possible
high-speed submarine cables, were
discovered by the use of this type
of furnace, and the United States
Bureau of Standards is employing
seven of them for research.
Installation of a $2,000 high-fre
quency converter in the mining and
metallurgy laboratory recently has
made possible the use of electric
furnaces capable of heating metals
to 10,000 degrees Fahrenheit, ac
cording to W. J. Crook, professor
of metallurgy.
Ordinary electric current, stepped
up to 7,000 volts and 14.000 cycles
by the converter, is applied to the
copper coil which surrounds each
furnace. When placed within, a con
ducting metal offers resistance and
heats up quickly, but even while
the current is on one can place his
hand, a non-conductor, inside with
out discomfort.
Besides being highly effective and
easy to operate, the furnaces have
another salient advantage, the abil
ity to heat metals in a vacuum or
controlled atmosphere. These quali
ties have made possible many ex
periments formerly out of the ques
tion.
Perm-Alloy and Mu-Metal, the
alloys which have made possible
high-speed submarine cables, were
discovered by the use of this type
of furnace, and the United States
Bureau of Standards is employing
seven of them for research.
Installation of a $2,000 high-fre
quency converter in the mining and
metallurgy laboratory recently has
made possible the use of electric
furnaces capable of heating metals
to 10,000 degrees Fahrenheit, ac
cording to W. J. Crook, professor
of metallurgy.
Ordinary electric current, stepped
up to 7,000 volts and 14.000 cycles
by the converter, is applied to the
copper coil which surrounds each
furnace. When placed within, a con
ducting metal offers resistance and
heats up quickly, but even while
the current is on one can place his
hand, a non-conductor, inside with
out discomfort.
Besides being highly effective and
easy to operate, the furnaces have
another salient advantage, the abil
ity to heat metals in a vacuum or
controlled atmosphere. These quali
ties have made possible many ex
periments formerly out of the ques
tion.
Perm-Alloy and Mu-Metal, the
alloys which have made possible
high-speed submarine cables, were
discovered by the use of this type
of furnace, and the United States
Bureau of Standards is employing
seven of them for research.
Installation of a $2,000 high-fre
quency converter in the mining and
metallurgy laboratory recently has
made possible the use of electric
furnaces capable of heating metals
to 10,000 degrees Fahrenheit, ac
cording to W. J. Crook, professor
of metallurgy.
Ordinary electric current, stepped
up to 7,000 volts and 14.000 cycles
by the converter, is applied to the
copper coil which surrounds each
furnace. When placed within, a con
ducting metal offers resistance and
heats up quickly, but even while
the current is on one can place his
hand, a non-conductor, inside with
out discomfort.
Besides being highly effective and
easy to operate, the furnaces have
another salient advantage, the abil
ity to heat metals in a vacuum or
controlled atmosphere. These quali
ties have made possible many ex
periments formerly out of the ques
tion.
Perm-Alloy and Mu-Metal, the
alloys which have made possible
high-speed submarine cables, were
discovered by the use of this type
of furnace, and the United States
Bureau of Standards is employing
seven of them for research.
Installation of a $2,000 high-fre
quency converter in the mining and
metallurgy laboratory recently has
made possible the use of electric
furnaces capable of heating metals
to 10,000 degrees Fahrenheit, ac
cording to W. J. Crook, professor
of metallurgy.
Ordinary electric current, stepped
up to 7,000 volts and 14.000 cycles
by the converter, is applied to the
copper coil which surrounds each
furnace. When placed within, a con
ducting metal offers resistance and
heats up quickly, but even while
the current is on one can place his
hand, a non-conductor, inside with
out discomfort.
Besides being highly effective and
easy to operate, the furnaces have
another salient advantage, the abil
ity to heat metals in a vacuum or
controlled atmosphere. These quali
ties have made possible many ex
periments formerly out of the ques
tion.
Perm-Alloy and Mu-Metal, the
alloys which have made possible
high-speed submarine cables, were
discovered by the use of this type
of furnace, and the United States
Bureau of Standards is employing
seven of them for research.
Installation of a $2,000 high-fre
quency converter in the mining and
metallurgy laboratory recently has
made possible the use of electric
furnaces capable of heating metals
to 10,000 degrees Fahrenheit, ac
cording to W. J. Crook, professor
of metallurgy.
Ordinary electric current, stepped
up to 7,000 volts and 14.000 cycles
by the converter, is applied to the
copper coil which surrounds each
furnace. When placed within, a con
ducting metal offers resistance and
heats up quickly, but even while
the current is on one can place his
hand, a non-conductor, inside with
out discomfort.
Besides being highly effective and
easy to operate, the furnaces have
another salient advantage, the abil
ity to heat metals in a vacuum or
controlled atmosphere. These quali
ties have made possible many ex
periments formerly out of the ques
tion.
Perm-Alloy and Mu-Metal, the
alloys which have made possible
high-speed submarine cables, were
discovered by the use of this type
of furnace, and the United States
Bureau of Standards is employing
seven of them for research.
