# FLOOR IN BRANNER TO BE REFINISHED FOR DANCE FRIDAY
## 
### 
Complete refinishing of the Bran
ner Hall dining room floor in time
for Branner's 9 to 1 o'clock "Doggy
Dance" tomorrow night was au
thorized yesterday by Alfred R.
Masters, general manager of the
Board of Athletic Control. The floor
was slightly marred before the
opening of the fall quarter when
the football training table was set
up in the hall dining room.
Neil Spaulding's Fairmont Hotel
orchestra will furnish the music,
according to Art Katzev, dance
chairman, and appropriate decora
tions in keeping with the canine
motif have been made by a San
Francisco decorating concern.
Lighting equipment worth $200,
jointly purchased by Branner and
Toyon recently, will be used tomor
row night. Programs will be on dis
tribution tonight from room 207
Branner.
Complete refinishing of the Bran
ner Hall dining room floor in time
for Branner's 9 to 1 o'clock "Doggy
Dance" tomorrow night was au
thorized yesterday by Alfred R.
Masters, general manager of the
Board of Athletic Control. The floor
was slightly marred before the
opening of the fall quarter when
the football training table was set
up in the hall dining room.
Neil Spaulding's Fairmont Hotel
orchestra will furnish the music,
according to Art Katzev, dance
chairman, and appropriate decora
tions in keeping with the canine
motif have been made by a San
Francisco decorating concern.
Lighting equipment worth $200,
jointly purchased by Branner and
Toyon recently, will be used tomor
row night. Programs will be on dis
tribution tonight from room 207
Branner.
Complete refinishing of the Bran
ner Hall dining room floor in time
for Branner's 9 to 1 o'clock "Doggy
Dance" tomorrow night was au
thorized yesterday by Alfred R.
Masters, general manager of the
Board of Athletic Control. The floor
was slightly marred before the
opening of the fall quarter when
the football training table was set
up in the hall dining room.
Neil Spaulding's Fairmont Hotel
orchestra will furnish the music,
according to Art Katzev, dance
chairman, and appropriate decora
tions in keeping with the canine
motif have been made by a San
Francisco decorating concern.
Lighting equipment worth $200,
jointly purchased by Branner and
Toyon recently, will be used tomor
row night. Programs will be on dis
tribution tonight from room 207
Branner.
Complete refinishing of the Bran
ner Hall dining room floor in time
for Branner's 9 to 1 o'clock "Doggy
Dance" tomorrow night was au
thorized yesterday by Alfred R.
Masters, general manager of the
Board of Athletic Control. The floor
was slightly marred before the
opening of the fall quarter when
the football training table was set
up in the hall dining room.
Neil Spaulding's Fairmont Hotel
orchestra will furnish the music,
according to Art Katzev, dance
chairman, and appropriate decora
tions in keeping with the canine
motif have been made by a San
Francisco decorating concern.
Lighting equipment worth $200,
jointly purchased by Branner and
Toyon recently, will be used tomor
row night. Programs will be on dis
tribution tonight from room 207
Branner.
Complete refinishing of the Bran
ner Hall dining room floor in time
for Branner's 9 to 1 o'clock "Doggy
Dance" tomorrow night was au
thorized yesterday by Alfred R.
Masters, general manager of the
Board of Athletic Control. The floor
was slightly marred before the
opening of the fall quarter when
the football training table was set
up in the hall dining room.
Neil Spaulding's Fairmont Hotel
orchestra will furnish the music,
according to Art Katzev, dance
chairman, and appropriate decora
tions in keeping with the canine
motif have been made by a San
Francisco decorating concern.
Lighting equipment worth $200,
jointly purchased by Branner and
Toyon recently, will be used tomor
row night. Programs will be on dis
tribution tonight from room 207
Branner.
Complete refinishing of the Bran
ner Hall dining room floor in time
for Branner's 9 to 1 o'clock "Doggy
Dance" tomorrow night was au
thorized yesterday by Alfred R.
Masters, general manager of the
Board of Athletic Control. The floor
was slightly marred before the
opening of the fall quarter when
the football training table was set
up in the hall dining room.
Neil Spaulding's Fairmont Hotel
orchestra will furnish the music,
according to Art Katzev, dance
chairman, and appropriate decora
tions in keeping with the canine
motif have been made by a San
Francisco decorating concern.
Lighting equipment worth $200,
jointly purchased by Branner and
Toyon recently, will be used tomor
row night. Programs will be on dis
tribution tonight from room 207
Branner.
Complete refinishing of the Bran
ner Hall dining room floor in time
for Branner's 9 to 1 o'clock "Doggy
Dance" tomorrow night was au
thorized yesterday by Alfred R.
Masters, general manager of the
Board of Athletic Control. The floor
was slightly marred before the
opening of the fall quarter when
the football training table was set
up in the hall dining room.
Neil Spaulding's Fairmont Hotel
orchestra will furnish the music,
according to Art Katzev, dance
chairman, and appropriate decora
tions in keeping with the canine
motif have been made by a San
Francisco decorating concern.
Lighting equipment worth $200,
jointly purchased by Branner and
Toyon recently, will be used tomor
row night. Programs will be on dis
tribution tonight from room 207
Branner.
Complete refinishing of the Bran
ner Hall dining room floor in time
for Branner's 9 to 1 o'clock "Doggy
Dance" tomorrow night was au
thorized yesterday by Alfred R.
Masters, general manager of the
Board of Athletic Control. The floor
was slightly marred before the
opening of the fall quarter when
the football training table was set
up in the hall dining room.
Neil Spaulding's Fairmont Hotel
orchestra will furnish the music,
according to Art Katzev, dance
chairman, and appropriate decora
tions in keeping with the canine
motif have been made by a San
Francisco decorating concern.
Lighting equipment worth $200,
jointly purchased by Branner and
Toyon recently, will be used tomor
row night. Programs will be on dis
tribution tonight from room 207
Branner.
Complete refinishing of the Bran
ner Hall dining room floor in time
for Branner's 9 to 1 o'clock "Doggy
Dance" tomorrow night was au
thorized yesterday by Alfred R.
Masters, general manager of the
Board of Athletic Control. The floor
was slightly marred before the
opening of the fall quarter when
the football training table was set
up in the hall dining room.
Neil Spaulding's Fairmont Hotel
orchestra will furnish the music,
according to Art Katzev, dance
chairman, and appropriate decora
tions in keeping with the canine
motif have been made by a San
Francisco decorating concern.
Lighting equipment worth $200,
jointly purchased by Branner and
Toyon recently, will be used tomor
row night. Programs will be on dis
tribution tonight from room 207
Branner.
Complete refinishing of the Bran
ner Hall dining room floor in time
for Branner's 9 to 1 o'clock "Doggy
Dance" tomorrow night was au
thorized yesterday by Alfred R.
Masters, general manager of the
Board of Athletic Control. The floor
was slightly marred before the
opening of the fall quarter when
the football training table was set
up in the hall dining room.
Neil Spaulding's Fairmont Hotel
orchestra will furnish the music,
according to Art Katzev, dance
chairman, and appropriate decora
tions in keeping with the canine
motif have been made by a San
Francisco decorating concern.
Lighting equipment worth $200,
jointly purchased by Branner and
Toyon recently, will be used tomor
row night. Programs will be on dis
tribution tonight from room 207
Branner.
Complete refinishing of the Bran
ner Hall dining room floor in time
for Branner's 9 to 1 o'clock "Doggy
Dance" tomorrow night was au
thorized yesterday by Alfred R.
Masters, general manager of the
Board of Athletic Control. The floor
was slightly marred before the
opening of the fall quarter when
the football training table was set
up in the hall dining room.
Neil Spaulding's Fairmont Hotel
orchestra will furnish the music,
according to Art Katzev, dance
chairman, and appropriate decora
tions in keeping with the canine
motif have been made by a San
Francisco decorating concern.
Lighting equipment worth $200,
jointly purchased by Branner and
Toyon recently, will be used tomor
row night. Programs will be on dis
tribution tonight from room 207
Branner.
Complete refinishing of the Bran
ner Hall dining room floor in time
for Branner's 9 to 1 o'clock "Doggy
Dance" tomorrow night was au
thorized yesterday by Alfred R.
Masters, general manager of the
Board of Athletic Control. The floor
was slightly marred before the
opening of the fall quarter when
the football training table was set
up in the hall dining room.
Neil Spaulding's Fairmont Hotel
orchestra will furnish the music,
according to Art Katzev, dance
chairman, and appropriate decora
tions in keeping with the canine
motif have been made by a San
Francisco decorating concern.
Lighting equipment worth $200,
jointly purchased by Branner and
Toyon recently, will be used tomor
row night. Programs will be on dis
tribution tonight from room 207
Branner.
Complete refinishing of the Bran
ner Hall dining room floor in time
for Branner's 9 to 1 o'clock "Doggy
Dance" tomorrow night was au
thorized yesterday by Alfred R.
Masters, general manager of the
Board of Athletic Control. The floor
was slightly marred before the
opening of the fall quarter when
the football training table was set
up in the hall dining room.
Neil Spaulding's Fairmont Hotel
orchestra will furnish the music,
according to Art Katzev, dance
chairman, and appropriate decora
tions in keeping with the canine
motif have been made by a San
Francisco decorating concern.
Lighting equipment worth $200,
jointly purchased by Branner and
Toyon recently, will be used tomor
row night. Programs will be on dis
tribution tonight from room 207
Branner.
Complete refinishing of the Bran
ner Hall dining room floor in time
for Branner's 9 to 1 o'clock "Doggy
Dance" tomorrow night was au
thorized yesterday by Alfred R.
Masters, general manager of the
Board of Athletic Control. The floor
was slightly marred before the
opening of the fall quarter when
the football training table was set
up in the hall dining room.
Neil Spaulding's Fairmont Hotel
orchestra will furnish the music,
according to Art Katzev, dance
chairman, and appropriate decora
tions in keeping with the canine
motif have been made by a San
Francisco decorating concern.
Lighting equipment worth $200,
jointly purchased by Branner and
Toyon recently, will be used tomor
row night. Programs will be on dis
tribution tonight from room 207
Branner.
Complete refinishing of the Bran
ner Hall dining room floor in time
for Branner's 9 to 1 o'clock "Doggy
Dance" tomorrow night was au
thorized yesterday by Alfred R.
Masters, general manager of the
Board of Athletic Control. The floor
was slightly marred before the
opening of the fall quarter when
the football training table was set
up in the hall dining room.
Neil Spaulding's Fairmont Hotel
orchestra will furnish the music,
according to Art Katzev, dance
chairman, and appropriate decora
tions in keeping with the canine
motif have been made by a San
Francisco decorating concern.
Lighting equipment worth $200,
jointly purchased by Branner and
Toyon recently, will be used tomor
row night. Programs will be on dis
tribution tonight from room 207
Branner.
Complete refinishing of the Bran
ner Hall dining room floor in time
for Branner's 9 to 1 o'clock "Doggy
Dance" tomorrow night was au
thorized yesterday by Alfred R.
Masters, general manager of the
Board of Athletic Control. The floor
was slightly marred before the
opening of the fall quarter when
the football training table was set
up in the hall dining room.
Neil Spaulding's Fairmont Hotel
orchestra will furnish the music,
according to Art Katzev, dance
chairman, and appropriate decora
tions in keeping with the canine
motif have been made by a San
Francisco decorating concern.
Lighting equipment worth $200,
jointly purchased by Branner and
Toyon recently, will be used tomor
row night. Programs will be on dis
tribution tonight from room 207
Branner.
