# GAS EXPLOSIONS INJURE MEN IN TUNNEL OF MINE
## Rescue Squads Struggle To Reach 165 Entombed Men Before Death 
### 
MILLFIELD, Ohio, Nov. 5. (TP).—
Trapped by fire and smoke in the
gas-filled tunnels of the No. 6 mine
of the Sunday Creek Coal Company
here this afternoon, the fate of 165
men, including mine officials and
miners, remained undetermined to
night as rescue squads pushed into
the workings. The men were en
tombed in the underground passages
of the mine by a terrific explosion,
which swept through the workings
while some 300 miners and others
were inside.
Crowd Gathers
The quiet of a cold, damp early
winter day in the little mining town
was shattered during the afternoon
as the gas let loose far down in the
earth. Residents of the surrounding
countryside, coatless and hatless, ran
to the shaft mouth and begged for
some assurance that their kin was
safe. Many of the women were hys
terical. As the crowd grew, the hand
ful of volunteer rescuers who were
trying to get down the shaft in the
hope of aiding their fellow workmen
were hampered in their task of
mercy.
Like wildfire news of the blast
spread through the Hocking coal
fields. Hundreds rushed to the mine
—some to offer their services in res
cue work—others to stand by and do
nothing and still others to get ex
cited and cause confusion. Finally
the mine officials summoned the Na
tional Guard and when the soldiers
arrived, the situation settled down
and all semblance of disorder disap
peared.
Rescuers Arrive
Expert rescue workers, including
teams from other nearby mines, from
the Ohio Department of Mines and
from the Federal Bureau of Mines,
at Pittsburgh, reached the scene to
night, and soon the work of mercy
was on an orderly basis. The masked
squads of twenty men worked in re
lays, remaining inside the mine just
as long as they could resist the gas
eous air.
Doctors, nurses and ambulances
reached the scene as if by magic and
soon a temporary hospital was es
tablished in an engine room of the
mine buildings. Here medical sup
plies were prepared to care for any
who might be brought out alive.
Here, too, cots were placed and alert
nurses established themselves, pre
paring for any emergency call. The
entire region responded to the call
for help. The state was represented
by seven officials, sent by Governor
Myers Y. Cooper to render what aid
they could and to alleviate any suf
fering.
MILLFIELD, Ohio, Nov. 5. (TP).—
Trapped by fire and smoke in the
gas-filled tunnels of the No. 6 mine
of the Sunday Creek Coal Company
here this afternoon, the fate of 165
men, including mine officials and
miners, remained undetermined to
night as rescue squads pushed into
the workings. The men were en
tombed in the underground passages
of the mine by a terrific explosion,
which swept through the workings
while some 300 miners and others
were inside.
Crowd Gathers
The quiet of a cold, damp early
winter day in the little mining town
was shattered during the afternoon
as the gas let loose far down in the
earth. Residents of the surrounding
countryside, coatless and hatless, ran
to the shaft mouth and begged for
some assurance that their kin was
safe. Many of the women were hys
terical. As the crowd grew, the hand
ful of volunteer rescuers who were
trying to get down the shaft in the
hope of aiding their fellow workmen
were hampered in their task of
mercy.
Like wildfire news of the blast
spread through the Hocking coal
fields. Hundreds rushed to the mine
—some to offer their services in res
cue work—others to stand by and do
nothing and still others to get ex
cited and cause confusion. Finally
the mine officials summoned the Na
tional Guard and when the soldiers
arrived, the situation settled down
and all semblance of disorder disap
peared.
Rescuers Arrive
Expert rescue workers, including
teams from other nearby mines, from
the Ohio Department of Mines and
from the Federal Bureau of Mines,
at Pittsburgh, reached the scene to
night, and soon the work of mercy
was on an orderly basis. The masked
squads of twenty men worked in re
lays, remaining inside the mine just
as long as they could resist the gas
eous air.
Doctors, nurses and ambulances
reached the scene as if by magic and
soon a temporary hospital was es
tablished in an engine room of the
mine buildings. Here medical sup
plies were prepared to care for any
who might be brought out alive.
Here, too, cots were placed and alert
nurses established themselves, pre
paring for any emergency call. The
entire region responded to the call
for help. The state was represented
by seven officials, sent by Governor
Myers Y. Cooper to render what aid
they could and to alleviate any suf
fering.
MILLFIELD, Ohio, Nov. 5. (TP).—
Trapped by fire and smoke in the
gas-filled tunnels of the No. 6 mine
of the Sunday Creek Coal Company
here this afternoon, the fate of 165
men, including mine officials and
miners, remained undetermined to
night as rescue squads pushed into
the workings. The men were en
tombed in the underground passages
of the mine by a terrific explosion,
which swept through the workings
while some 300 miners and others
were inside.
Crowd Gathers
The quiet of a cold, damp early
winter day in the little mining town
was shattered during the afternoon
as the gas let loose far down in the
earth. Residents of the surrounding
countryside, coatless and hatless, ran
to the shaft mouth and begged for
some assurance that their kin was
safe. Many of the women were hys
terical. As the crowd grew, the hand
ful of volunteer rescuers who were
trying to get down the shaft in the
hope of aiding their fellow workmen
were hampered in their task of
mercy.
Like wildfire news of the blast
spread through the Hocking coal
fields. Hundreds rushed to the mine
—some to offer their services in res
cue work—others to stand by and do
nothing and still others to get ex
cited and cause confusion. Finally
the mine officials summoned the Na
tional Guard and when the soldiers
arrived, the situation settled down
and all semblance of disorder disap
peared.
Rescuers Arrive
Expert rescue workers, including
teams from other nearby mines, from
the Ohio Department of Mines and
from the Federal Bureau of Mines,
at Pittsburgh, reached the scene to
night, and soon the work of mercy
was on an orderly basis. The masked
squads of twenty men worked in re
lays, remaining inside the mine just
as long as they could resist the gas
eous air.
Doctors, nurses and ambulances
reached the scene as if by magic and
soon a temporary hospital was es
tablished in an engine room of the
mine buildings. Here medical sup
plies were prepared to care for any
who might be brought out alive.
Here, too, cots were placed and alert
nurses established themselves, pre
paring for any emergency call. The
entire region responded to the call
for help. The state was represented
by seven officials, sent by Governor
Myers Y. Cooper to render what aid
they could and to alleviate any suf
fering.
MILLFIELD, Ohio, Nov. 5. (TP).—
Trapped by fire and smoke in the
gas-filled tunnels of the No. 6 mine
of the Sunday Creek Coal Company
here this afternoon, the fate of 165
men, including mine officials and
miners, remained undetermined to
night as rescue squads pushed into
the workings. The men were en
tombed in the underground passages
of the mine by a terrific explosion,
which swept through the workings
while some 300 miners and others
were inside.
Crowd Gathers
The quiet of a cold, damp early
winter day in the little mining town
was shattered during the afternoon
as the gas let loose far down in the
earth. Residents of the surrounding
countryside, coatless and hatless, ran
to the shaft mouth and begged for
some assurance that their kin was
safe. Many of the women were hys
terical. As the crowd grew, the hand
ful of volunteer rescuers who were
trying to get down the shaft in the
hope of aiding their fellow workmen
were hampered in their task of
mercy.
Like wildfire news of the blast
spread through the Hocking coal
fields. Hundreds rushed to the mine
—some to offer their services in res
cue work—others to stand by and do
nothing and still others to get ex
cited and cause confusion. Finally
the mine officials summoned the Na
tional Guard and when the soldiers
arrived, the situation settled down
and all semblance of disorder disap
peared.
Rescuers Arrive
Expert rescue workers, including
teams from other nearby mines, from
the Ohio Department of Mines and
from the Federal Bureau of Mines,
at Pittsburgh, reached the scene to
night, and soon the work of mercy
was on an orderly basis. The masked
squads of twenty men worked in re
lays, remaining inside the mine just
as long as they could resist the gas
eous air.
Doctors, nurses and ambulances
reached the scene as if by magic and
soon a temporary hospital was es
tablished in an engine room of the
mine buildings. Here medical sup
plies were prepared to care for any
who might be brought out alive.
Here, too, cots were placed and alert
nurses established themselves, pre
paring for any emergency call. The
entire region responded to the call
for help. The state was represented
by seven officials, sent by Governor
Myers Y. Cooper to render what aid
they could and to alleviate any suf
fering.
MILLFIELD, Ohio, Nov. 5. (TP).—
Trapped by fire and smoke in the
gas-filled tunnels of the No. 6 mine
of the Sunday Creek Coal Company
here this afternoon, the fate of 165
men, including mine officials and
miners, remained undetermined to
night as rescue squads pushed into
the workings. The men were en
tombed in the underground passages
of the mine by a terrific explosion,
which swept through the workings
while some 300 miners and others
were inside.
Crowd Gathers
The quiet of a cold, damp early
winter day in the little mining town
was shattered during the afternoon
as the gas let loose far down in the
earth. Residents of the surrounding
countryside, coatless and hatless, ran
to the shaft mouth and begged for
some assurance that their kin was
safe. Many of the women were hys
terical. As the crowd grew, the hand
ful of volunteer rescuers who were
trying to get down the shaft in the
hope of aiding their fellow workmen
were hampered in their task of
mercy.
Like wildfire news of the blast
spread through the Hocking coal
fields. Hundreds rushed to the mine
—some to offer their services in res
cue work—others to stand by and do
nothing and still others to get ex
cited and cause confusion. Finally
the mine officials summoned the Na
tional Guard and when the soldiers
arrived, the situation settled down
and all semblance of disorder disap
peared.
Rescuers Arrive
Expert rescue workers, including
teams from other nearby mines, from
the Ohio Department of Mines and
from the Federal Bureau of Mines,
at Pittsburgh, reached the scene to
night, and soon the work of mercy
was on an orderly basis. The masked
squads of twenty men worked in re
lays, remaining inside the mine just
as long as they could resist the gas
eous air.
Doctors, nurses and ambulances
reached the scene as if by magic and
soon a temporary hospital was es
tablished in an engine room of the
mine buildings. Here medical sup
plies were prepared to care for any
who might be brought out alive.
Here, too, cots were placed and alert
nurses established themselves, pre
paring for any emergency call. The
entire region responded to the call
for help. The state was represented
by seven officials, sent by Governor
Myers Y. Cooper to render what aid
they could and to alleviate any suf
fering.
MILLFIELD, Ohio, Nov. 5. (TP).—
Trapped by fire and smoke in the
gas-filled tunnels of the No. 6 mine
of the Sunday Creek Coal Company
here this afternoon, the fate of 165
men, including mine officials and
miners, remained undetermined to
night as rescue squads pushed into
the workings. The men were en
tombed in the underground passages
of the mine by a terrific explosion,
which swept through the workings
while some 300 miners and others
were inside.
Crowd Gathers
The quiet of a cold, damp early
winter day in the little mining town
was shattered during the afternoon
as the gas let loose far down in the
earth. Residents of the surrounding
countryside, coatless and hatless, ran
to the shaft mouth and begged for
some assurance that their kin was
safe. Many of the women were hys
terical. As the crowd grew, the hand
ful of volunteer rescuers who were
trying to get down the shaft in the
hope of aiding their fellow workmen
were hampered in their task of
mercy.
Like wildfire news of the blast
spread through the Hocking coal
fields. Hundreds rushed to the mine
—some to offer their services in res
cue work—others to stand by and do
nothing and still others to get ex
cited and cause confusion. Finally
the mine officials summoned the Na
tional Guard and when the soldiers
arrived, the situation settled down
and all semblance of disorder disap
peared.
Rescuers Arrive
Expert rescue workers, including
teams from other nearby mines, from
the Ohio Department of Mines and
from the Federal Bureau of Mines,
at Pittsburgh, reached the scene to
night, and soon the work of mercy
was on an orderly basis. The masked
squads of twenty men worked in re
lays, remaining inside the mine just
as long as they could resist the gas
eous air.
Doctors, nurses and ambulances
reached the scene as if by magic and
soon a temporary hospital was es
tablished in an engine room of the
mine buildings. Here medical sup
plies were prepared to care for any
who might be brought out alive.
Here, too, cots were placed and alert
nurses established themselves, pre
paring for any emergency call. The
entire region responded to the call
for help. The state was represented
by seven officials, sent by Governor
Myers Y. Cooper to render what aid
they could and to alleviate any suf
fering.
MILLFIELD, Ohio, Nov. 5. (TP).—
Trapped by fire and smoke in the
gas-filled tunnels of the No. 6 mine
of the Sunday Creek Coal Company
here this afternoon, the fate of 165
men, including mine officials and
miners, remained undetermined to
night as rescue squads pushed into
the workings. The men were en
tombed in the underground passages
of the mine by a terrific explosion,
which swept through the workings
while some 300 miners and others
were inside.
Crowd Gathers
The quiet of a cold, damp early
winter day in the little mining town
was shattered during the afternoon
as the gas let loose far down in the
earth. Residents of the surrounding
countryside, coatless and hatless, ran
to the shaft mouth and begged for
some assurance that their kin was
safe. Many of the women were hys
terical. As the crowd grew, the hand
ful of volunteer rescuers who were
trying to get down the shaft in the
hope of aiding their fellow workmen
were hampered in their task of
mercy.
Like wildfire news of the blast
spread through the Hocking coal
fields. Hundreds rushed to the mine
—some to offer their services in res
cue work—others to stand by and do
nothing and still others to get ex
cited and cause confusion. Finally
the mine officials summoned the Na
tional Guard and when the soldiers
arrived, the situation settled down
and all semblance of disorder disap
peared.
Rescuers Arrive
Expert rescue workers, including
teams from other nearby mines, from
the Ohio Department of Mines and
from the Federal Bureau of Mines,
at Pittsburgh, reached the scene to
night, and soon the work of mercy
was on an orderly basis. The masked
squads of twenty men worked in re
lays, remaining inside the mine just
as long as they could resist the gas
eous air.
Doctors, nurses and ambulances
reached the scene as if by magic and
soon a temporary hospital was es
tablished in an engine room of the
mine buildings. Here medical sup
plies were prepared to care for any
who might be brought out alive.
Here, too, cots were placed and alert
nurses established themselves, pre
paring for any emergency call. The
entire region responded to the call
for help. The state was represented
by seven officials, sent by Governor
Myers Y. Cooper to render what aid
they could and to alleviate any suf
fering.
MILLFIELD, Ohio, Nov. 5. (TP).—
Trapped by fire and smoke in the
gas-filled tunnels of the No. 6 mine
of the Sunday Creek Coal Company
here this afternoon, the fate of 165
men, including mine officials and
miners, remained undetermined to
night as rescue squads pushed into
the workings. The men were en
tombed in the underground passages
of the mine by a terrific explosion,
which swept through the workings
while some 300 miners and others
were inside.
Crowd Gathers
The quiet of a cold, damp early
winter day in the little mining town
was shattered during the afternoon
as the gas let loose far down in the
earth. Residents of the surrounding
countryside, coatless and hatless, ran
to the shaft mouth and begged for
some assurance that their kin was
safe. Many of the women were hys
terical. As the crowd grew, the hand
ful of volunteer rescuers who were
trying to get down the shaft in the
hope of aiding their fellow workmen
were hampered in their task of
mercy.
Like wildfire news of the blast
spread through the Hocking coal
fields. Hundreds rushed to the mine
—some to offer their services in res
cue work—others to stand by and do
nothing and still others to get ex
cited and cause confusion. Finally
the mine officials summoned the Na
tional Guard and when the soldiers
arrived, the situation settled down
and all semblance of disorder disap
peared.
Rescuers Arrive
Expert rescue workers, including
teams from other nearby mines, from
the Ohio Department of Mines and
from the Federal Bureau of Mines,
at Pittsburgh, reached the scene to
night, and soon the work of mercy
was on an orderly basis. The masked
squads of twenty men worked in re
lays, remaining inside the mine just
as long as they could resist the gas
eous air.
Doctors, nurses and ambulances
reached the scene as if by magic and
soon a temporary hospital was es
tablished in an engine room of the
mine buildings. Here medical sup
plies were prepared to care for any
who might be brought out alive.
Here, too, cots were placed and alert
nurses established themselves, pre
paring for any emergency call. The
entire region responded to the call
for help. The state was represented
by seven officials, sent by Governor
Myers Y. Cooper to render what aid
they could and to alleviate any suf
fering.
MILLFIELD, Ohio, Nov. 5. (TP).—
Trapped by fire and smoke in the
gas-filled tunnels of the No. 6 mine
of the Sunday Creek Coal Company
here this afternoon, the fate of 165
men, including mine officials and
miners, remained undetermined to
night as rescue squads pushed into
the workings. The men were en
tombed in the underground passages
of the mine by a terrific explosion,
which swept through the workings
while some 300 miners and others
were inside.
Crowd Gathers
The quiet of a cold, damp early
winter day in the little mining town
was shattered during the afternoon
as the gas let loose far down in the
earth. Residents of the surrounding
countryside, coatless and hatless, ran
to the shaft mouth and begged for
some assurance that their kin was
safe. Many of the women were hys
terical. As the crowd grew, the hand
ful of volunteer rescuers who were
trying to get down the shaft in the
hope of aiding their fellow workmen
were hampered in their task of
mercy.
Like wildfire news of the blast
spread through the Hocking coal
fields. Hundreds rushed to the mine
—some to offer their services in res
cue work—others to stand by and do
nothing and still others to get ex
cited and cause confusion. Finally
the mine officials summoned the Na
tional Guard and when the soldiers
arrived, the situation settled down
and all semblance of disorder disap
peared.
Rescuers Arrive
Expert rescue workers, including
teams from other nearby mines, from
the Ohio Department of Mines and
from the Federal Bureau of Mines,
at Pittsburgh, reached the scene to
night, and soon the work of mercy
was on an orderly basis. The masked
squads of twenty men worked in re
lays, remaining inside the mine just
as long as they could resist the gas
eous air.
Doctors, nurses and ambulances
reached the scene as if by magic and
soon a temporary hospital was es
tablished in an engine room of the
mine buildings. Here medical sup
plies were prepared to care for any
who might be brought out alive.
Here, too, cots were placed and alert
nurses established themselves, pre
paring for any emergency call. The
entire region responded to the call
for help. The state was represented
by seven officials, sent by Governor
Myers Y. Cooper to render what aid
they could and to alleviate any suf
fering.
MILLFIELD, Ohio, Nov. 5. (TP).—
Trapped by fire and smoke in the
gas-filled tunnels of the No. 6 mine
of the Sunday Creek Coal Company
here this afternoon, the fate of 165
men, including mine officials and
miners, remained undetermined to
night as rescue squads pushed into
the workings. The men were en
tombed in the underground passages
of the mine by a terrific explosion,
which swept through the workings
while some 300 miners and others
were inside.
Crowd Gathers
The quiet of a cold, damp early
winter day in the little mining town
was shattered during the afternoon
as the gas let loose far down in the
earth. Residents of the surrounding
countryside, coatless and hatless, ran
to the shaft mouth and begged for
some assurance that their kin was
safe. Many of the women were hys
terical. As the crowd grew, the hand
ful of volunteer rescuers who were
trying to get down the shaft in the
hope of aiding their fellow workmen
were hampered in their task of
mercy.
Like wildfire news of the blast
spread through the Hocking coal
fields. Hundreds rushed to the mine
—some to offer their services in res
cue work—others to stand by and do
nothing and still others to get ex
cited and cause confusion. Finally
the mine officials summoned the Na
tional Guard and when the soldiers
arrived, the situation settled down
and all semblance of disorder disap
peared.
Rescuers Arrive
Expert rescue workers, including
teams from other nearby mines, from
the Ohio Department of Mines and
from the Federal Bureau of Mines,
at Pittsburgh, reached the scene to
night, and soon the work of mercy
was on an orderly basis. The masked
squads of twenty men worked in re
lays, remaining inside the mine just
as long as they could resist the gas
eous air.
Doctors, nurses and ambulances
reached the scene as if by magic and
soon a temporary hospital was es
tablished in an engine room of the
mine buildings. Here medical sup
plies were prepared to care for any
who might be brought out alive.
Here, too, cots were placed and alert
nurses established themselves, pre
paring for any emergency call. The
entire region responded to the call
for help. The state was represented
by seven officials, sent by Governor
Myers Y. Cooper to render what aid
they could and to alleviate any suf
fering.
MILLFIELD, Ohio, Nov. 5. (TP).—
Trapped by fire and smoke in the
gas-filled tunnels of the No. 6 mine
of the Sunday Creek Coal Company
here this afternoon, the fate of 165
men, including mine officials and
miners, remained undetermined to
night as rescue squads pushed into
the workings. The men were en
tombed in the underground passages
of the mine by a terrific explosion,
which swept through the workings
while some 300 miners and others
were inside.
Crowd Gathers
The quiet of a cold, damp early
winter day in the little mining town
was shattered during the afternoon
as the gas let loose far down in the
earth. Residents of the surrounding
countryside, coatless and hatless, ran
to the shaft mouth and begged for
some assurance that their kin was
safe. Many of the women were hys
terical. As the crowd grew, the hand
ful of volunteer rescuers who were
trying to get down the shaft in the
hope of aiding their fellow workmen
were hampered in their task of
mercy.
Like wildfire news of the blast
spread through the Hocking coal
fields. Hundreds rushed to the mine
—some to offer their services in res
cue work—others to stand by and do
nothing and still others to get ex
cited and cause confusion. Finally
the mine officials summoned the Na
tional Guard and when the soldiers
arrived, the situation settled down
and all semblance of disorder disap
peared.
Rescuers Arrive
Expert rescue workers, including
teams from other nearby mines, from
the Ohio Department of Mines and
from the Federal Bureau of Mines,
at Pittsburgh, reached the scene to
night, and soon the work of mercy
was on an orderly basis. The masked
squads of twenty men worked in re
lays, remaining inside the mine just
as long as they could resist the gas
eous air.
Doctors, nurses and ambulances
reached the scene as if by magic and
soon a temporary hospital was es
tablished in an engine room of the
mine buildings. Here medical sup
plies were prepared to care for any
who might be brought out alive.
Here, too, cots were placed and alert
nurses established themselves, pre
paring for any emergency call. The
entire region responded to the call
for help. The state was represented
by seven officials, sent by Governor
Myers Y. Cooper to render what aid
they could and to alleviate any suf
fering.
MILLFIELD, Ohio, Nov. 5. (TP).—
Trapped by fire and smoke in the
gas-filled tunnels of the No. 6 mine
of the Sunday Creek Coal Company
here this afternoon, the fate of 165
men, including mine officials and
miners, remained undetermined to
night as rescue squads pushed into
the workings. The men were en
tombed in the underground passages
of the mine by a terrific explosion,
which swept through the workings
while some 300 miners and others
were inside.
Crowd Gathers
The quiet of a cold, damp early
winter day in the little mining town
was shattered during the afternoon
as the gas let loose far down in the
earth. Residents of the surrounding
countryside, coatless and hatless, ran
to the shaft mouth and begged for
some assurance that their kin was
safe. Many of the women were hys
terical. As the crowd grew, the hand
ful of volunteer rescuers who were
trying to get down the shaft in the
hope of aiding their fellow workmen
were hampered in their task of
mercy.
Like wildfire news of the blast
spread through the Hocking coal
fields. Hundreds rushed to the mine
—some to offer their services in res
cue work—others to stand by and do
nothing and still others to get ex
cited and cause confusion. Finally
the mine officials summoned the Na
tional Guard and when the soldiers
arrived, the situation settled down
and all semblance of disorder disap
peared.
Rescuers Arrive
Expert rescue workers, including
teams from other nearby mines, from
the Ohio Department of Mines and
from the Federal Bureau of Mines,
at Pittsburgh, reached the scene to
night, and soon the work of mercy
was on an orderly basis. The masked
squads of twenty men worked in re
lays, remaining inside the mine just
as long as they could resist the gas
eous air.
Doctors, nurses and ambulances
reached the scene as if by magic and
soon a temporary hospital was es
tablished in an engine room of the
mine buildings. Here medical sup
plies were prepared to care for any
who might be brought out alive.
Here, too, cots were placed and alert
nurses established themselves, pre
paring for any emergency call. The
entire region responded to the call
for help. The state was represented
by seven officials, sent by Governor
Myers Y. Cooper to render what aid
they could and to alleviate any suf
fering.
MILLFIELD, Ohio, Nov. 5. (TP).—
Trapped by fire and smoke in the
gas-filled tunnels of the No. 6 mine
of the Sunday Creek Coal Company
here this afternoon, the fate of 165
men, including mine officials and
miners, remained undetermined to
night as rescue squads pushed into
the workings. The men were en
tombed in the underground passages
of the mine by a terrific explosion,
which swept through the workings
while some 300 miners and others
were inside.
Crowd Gathers
The quiet of a cold, damp early
winter day in the little mining town
was shattered during the afternoon
as the gas let loose far down in the
earth. Residents of the surrounding
countryside, coatless and hatless, ran
to the shaft mouth and begged for
some assurance that their kin was
safe. Many of the women were hys
terical. As the crowd grew, the hand
ful of volunteer rescuers who were
trying to get down the shaft in the
hope of aiding their fellow workmen
were hampered in their task of
mercy.
Like wildfire news of the blast
spread through the Hocking coal
fields. Hundreds rushed to the mine
—some to offer their services in res
cue work—others to stand by and do
nothing and still others to get ex
cited and cause confusion. Finally
the mine officials summoned the Na
tional Guard and when the soldiers
arrived, the situation settled down
and all semblance of disorder disap
peared.
Rescuers Arrive
Expert rescue workers, including
teams from other nearby mines, from
the Ohio Department of Mines and
from the Federal Bureau of Mines,
at Pittsburgh, reached the scene to
night, and soon the work of mercy
was on an orderly basis. The masked
squads of twenty men worked in re
lays, remaining inside the mine just
as long as they could resist the gas
eous air.
Doctors, nurses and ambulances
reached the scene as if by magic and
soon a temporary hospital was es
tablished in an engine room of the
mine buildings. Here medical sup
plies were prepared to care for any
who might be brought out alive.
Here, too, cots were placed and alert
nurses established themselves, pre
paring for any emergency call. The
entire region responded to the call
for help. The state was represented
by seven officials, sent by Governor
Myers Y. Cooper to render what aid
they could and to alleviate any suf
fering.
MILLFIELD, Ohio, Nov. 5. (TP).—
Trapped by fire and smoke in the
gas-filled tunnels of the No. 6 mine
of the Sunday Creek Coal Company
here this afternoon, the fate of 165
men, including mine officials and
miners, remained undetermined to
night as rescue squads pushed into
the workings. The men were en
tombed in the underground passages
of the mine by a terrific explosion,
which swept through the workings
while some 300 miners and others
were inside.
Crowd Gathers
The quiet of a cold, damp early
winter day in the little mining town
was shattered during the afternoon
as the gas let loose far down in the
earth. Residents of the surrounding
countryside, coatless and hatless, ran
to the shaft mouth and begged for
some assurance that their kin was
safe. Many of the women were hys
terical. As the crowd grew, the hand
ful of volunteer rescuers who were
trying to get down the shaft in the
hope of aiding their fellow workmen
were hampered in their task of
mercy.
Like wildfire news of the blast
spread through the Hocking coal
fields. Hundreds rushed to the mine
—some to offer their services in res
cue work—others to stand by and do
nothing and still others to get ex
cited and cause confusion. Finally
the mine officials summoned the Na
tional Guard and when the soldiers
arrived, the situation settled down
and all semblance of disorder disap
peared.
Rescuers Arrive
Expert rescue workers, including
teams from other nearby mines, from
the Ohio Department of Mines and
from the Federal Bureau of Mines,
at Pittsburgh, reached the scene to
night, and soon the work of mercy
was on an orderly basis. The masked
squads of twenty men worked in re
lays, remaining inside the mine just
as long as they could resist the gas
eous air.
Doctors, nurses and ambulances
reached the scene as if by magic and
soon a temporary hospital was es
tablished in an engine room of the
mine buildings. Here medical sup
plies were prepared to care for any
who might be brought out alive.
Here, too, cots were placed and alert
nurses established themselves, pre
paring for any emergency call. The
entire region responded to the call
for help. The state was represented
by seven officials, sent by Governor
Myers Y. Cooper to render what aid
they could and to alleviate any suf
fering.
MILLFIELD, Ohio, Nov. 5. (TP).—
Trapped by fire and smoke in the
gas-filled tunnels of the No. 6 mine
of the Sunday Creek Coal Company
here this afternoon, the fate of 165
men, including mine officials and
miners, remained undetermined to
night as rescue squads pushed into
the workings. The men were en
tombed in the underground passages
of the mine by a terrific explosion,
which swept through the workings
while some 300 miners and others
were inside.
Crowd Gathers
The quiet of a cold, damp early
winter day in the little mining town
was shattered during the afternoon
as the gas let loose far down in the
earth. Residents of the surrounding
countryside, coatless and hatless, ran
to the shaft mouth and begged for
some assurance that their kin was
safe. Many of the women were hys
terical. As the crowd grew, the hand
ful of volunteer rescuers who were
trying to get down the shaft in the
hope of aiding their fellow workmen
were hampered in their task of
mercy.
Like wildfire news of the blast
spread through the Hocking coal
fields. Hundreds rushed to the mine
—some to offer their services in res
cue work—others to stand by and do
nothing and still others to get ex
cited and cause confusion. Finally
the mine officials summoned the Na
tional Guard and when the soldiers
arrived, the situation settled down
and all semblance of disorder disap
peared.
Rescuers Arrive
Expert rescue workers, including
teams from other nearby mines, from
the Ohio Department of Mines and
from the Federal Bureau of Mines,
at Pittsburgh, reached the scene to
night, and soon the work of mercy
was on an orderly basis. The masked
squads of twenty men worked in re
lays, remaining inside the mine just
as long as they could resist the gas
eous air.
Doctors, nurses and ambulances
reached the scene as if by magic and
soon a temporary hospital was es
tablished in an engine room of the
mine buildings. Here medical sup
plies were prepared to care for any
who might be brought out alive.
Here, too, cots were placed and alert
nurses established themselves, pre
paring for any emergency call. The
entire region responded to the call
for help. The state was represented
by seven officials, sent by Governor
Myers Y. Cooper to render what aid
they could and to alleviate any suf
fering.
MILLFIELD, Ohio, Nov. 5. (TP).—
Trapped by fire and smoke in the
gas-filled tunnels of the No. 6 mine
of the Sunday Creek Coal Company
here this afternoon, the fate of 165
men, including mine officials and
miners, remained undetermined to
night as rescue squads pushed into
the workings. The men were en
tombed in the underground passages
of the mine by a terrific explosion,
which swept through the workings
while some 300 miners and others
were inside.
Crowd Gathers
The quiet of a cold, damp early
winter day in the little mining town
was shattered during the afternoon
as the gas let loose far down in the
earth. Residents of the surrounding
countryside, coatless and hatless, ran
to the shaft mouth and begged for
some assurance that their kin was
safe. Many of the women were hys
terical. As the crowd grew, the hand
ful of volunteer rescuers who were
trying to get down the shaft in the
hope of aiding their fellow workmen
were hampered in their task of
mercy.
Like wildfire news of the blast
spread through the Hocking coal
fields. Hundreds rushed to the mine
—some to offer their services in res
cue work—others to stand by and do
nothing and still others to get ex
cited and cause confusion. Finally
the mine officials summoned the Na
tional Guard and when the soldiers
arrived, the situation settled down
and all semblance of disorder disap
peared.
Rescuers Arrive
Expert rescue workers, including
teams from other nearby mines, from
the Ohio Department of Mines and
from the Federal Bureau of Mines,
at Pittsburgh, reached the scene to
night, and soon the work of mercy
was on an orderly basis. The masked
squads of twenty men worked in re
lays, remaining inside the mine just
as long as they could resist the gas
eous air.
Doctors, nurses and ambulances
reached the scene as if by magic and
soon a temporary hospital was es
tablished in an engine room of the
mine buildings. Here medical sup
plies were prepared to care for any
who might be brought out alive.
Here, too, cots were placed and alert
nurses established themselves, pre
paring for any emergency call. The
entire region responded to the call
for help. The state was represented
by seven officials, sent by Governor
Myers Y. Cooper to render what aid
they could and to alleviate any suf
fering.
