# Euphronia.
## 
### 
The next regular program in
Euphronia will be as follows: Im
promptu speech and extempore de
bate; declamation, N. \Y. Judd;
and debate on the question, "lie
solved, That (he recent action of
the House of Representatives in
censuring Ambassador Bayard was
unjustifiable"; affirmative, Bur
cham and Strong; negative, Miller
and llorst.
The next regular program in
Euphronia will be as follows: Im
promptu speech and extempore de
bate; declamation, N. \Y. Judd;
and debate on the question, "lie
solved, That (he recent action of
the House of Representatives in
censuring Ambassador Bayard was
unjustifiable"; affirmative, Bur
cham and Strong; negative, Miller
and llorst.
The next regular program in
Euphronia will be as follows: Im
promptu speech and extempore de
bate; declamation, N. \Y. Judd;
and debate on the question, "lie
solved, That (he recent action of
the House of Representatives in
censuring Ambassador Bayard was
unjustifiable"; affirmative, Bur
cham and Strong; negative, Miller
and llorst.
The next regular program in
Euphronia will be as follows: Im
promptu speech and extempore de
bate; declamation, N. \Y. Judd;
and debate on the question, "lie
solved, That (he recent action of
the House of Representatives in
censuring Ambassador Bayard was
unjustifiable"; affirmative, Bur
cham and Strong; negative, Miller
and llorst.
The next regular program in
Euphronia will be as follows: Im
promptu speech and extempore de
bate; declamation, N. \Y. Judd;
and debate on the question, "lie
solved, That (he recent action of
the House of Representatives in
censuring Ambassador Bayard was
unjustifiable"; affirmative, Bur
cham and Strong; negative, Miller
and llorst.
