# Bread Must Weigh 1 Pound—Kenny
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO. April 14 (UP).—
Loaves of bread baked in Califor
nia may not weigh less than one
pound despite federal regulations
allowing 10 per cent reductions, At
torney General Robert Kenny ruled
today.
Kenny said the reduction author
ized by the government under the
food conservation program "is not
mandatory, and the state law which
sets a minimum of one pound .still
applies."
SACRAMENTO. April 14 (UP).—
Loaves of bread baked in Califor
nia may not weigh less than one
pound despite federal regulations
allowing 10 per cent reductions, At
torney General Robert Kenny ruled
today.
Kenny said the reduction author
ized by the government under the
food conservation program "is not
mandatory, and the state law which
sets a minimum of one pound .still
applies."
SACRAMENTO. April 14 (UP).—
Loaves of bread baked in Califor
nia may not weigh less than one
pound despite federal regulations
allowing 10 per cent reductions, At
torney General Robert Kenny ruled
today.
Kenny said the reduction author
ized by the government under the
food conservation program "is not
mandatory, and the state law which
sets a minimum of one pound .still
applies."
SACRAMENTO. April 14 (UP).—
Loaves of bread baked in Califor
nia may not weigh less than one
pound despite federal regulations
allowing 10 per cent reductions, At
torney General Robert Kenny ruled
today.
Kenny said the reduction author
ized by the government under the
food conservation program "is not
mandatory, and the state law which
sets a minimum of one pound .still
applies."
SACRAMENTO. April 14 (UP).—
Loaves of bread baked in Califor
nia may not weigh less than one
pound despite federal regulations
allowing 10 per cent reductions, At
torney General Robert Kenny ruled
today.
Kenny said the reduction author
ized by the government under the
food conservation program "is not
mandatory, and the state law which
sets a minimum of one pound .still
applies."
SACRAMENTO. April 14 (UP).—
Loaves of bread baked in Califor
nia may not weigh less than one
pound despite federal regulations
allowing 10 per cent reductions, At
torney General Robert Kenny ruled
today.
Kenny said the reduction author
ized by the government under the
food conservation program "is not
mandatory, and the state law which
sets a minimum of one pound .still
applies."
SACRAMENTO. April 14 (UP).—
Loaves of bread baked in Califor
nia may not weigh less than one
pound despite federal regulations
allowing 10 per cent reductions, At
torney General Robert Kenny ruled
today.
Kenny said the reduction author
ized by the government under the
food conservation program "is not
mandatory, and the state law which
sets a minimum of one pound .still
applies."
SACRAMENTO. April 14 (UP).—
Loaves of bread baked in Califor
nia may not weigh less than one
pound despite federal regulations
allowing 10 per cent reductions, At
torney General Robert Kenny ruled
today.
Kenny said the reduction author
ized by the government under the
food conservation program "is not
mandatory, and the state law which
sets a minimum of one pound .still
applies."
SACRAMENTO. April 14 (UP).—
Loaves of bread baked in Califor
nia may not weigh less than one
pound despite federal regulations
allowing 10 per cent reductions, At
torney General Robert Kenny ruled
today.
Kenny said the reduction author
ized by the government under the
food conservation program "is not
mandatory, and the state law which
sets a minimum of one pound .still
applies."
SACRAMENTO. April 14 (UP).—
Loaves of bread baked in Califor
nia may not weigh less than one
pound despite federal regulations
allowing 10 per cent reductions, At
torney General Robert Kenny ruled
today.
Kenny said the reduction author
ized by the government under the
food conservation program "is not
mandatory, and the state law which
sets a minimum of one pound .still
applies."
SACRAMENTO. April 14 (UP).—
Loaves of bread baked in Califor
nia may not weigh less than one
pound despite federal regulations
allowing 10 per cent reductions, At
torney General Robert Kenny ruled
today.
Kenny said the reduction author
ized by the government under the
food conservation program "is not
mandatory, and the state law which
sets a minimum of one pound .still
applies."
SACRAMENTO. April 14 (UP).—
Loaves of bread baked in Califor
nia may not weigh less than one
pound despite federal regulations
allowing 10 per cent reductions, At
torney General Robert Kenny ruled
today.
Kenny said the reduction author
ized by the government under the
food conservation program "is not
mandatory, and the state law which
sets a minimum of one pound .still
applies."
SACRAMENTO. April 14 (UP).—
Loaves of bread baked in Califor
nia may not weigh less than one
pound despite federal regulations
allowing 10 per cent reductions, At
torney General Robert Kenny ruled
today.
Kenny said the reduction author
ized by the government under the
food conservation program "is not
mandatory, and the state law which
sets a minimum of one pound .still
applies."
SACRAMENTO. April 14 (UP).—
Loaves of bread baked in Califor
nia may not weigh less than one
pound despite federal regulations
allowing 10 per cent reductions, At
torney General Robert Kenny ruled
today.
Kenny said the reduction author
ized by the government under the
food conservation program "is not
mandatory, and the state law which
sets a minimum of one pound .still
applies."
SACRAMENTO. April 14 (UP).—
Loaves of bread baked in Califor
nia may not weigh less than one
pound despite federal regulations
allowing 10 per cent reductions, At
torney General Robert Kenny ruled
today.
Kenny said the reduction author
ized by the government under the
food conservation program "is not
mandatory, and the state law which
sets a minimum of one pound .still
applies."
