# Honest Texan Pays Debt-47 Years Late
## 
### 
MEDFORI). Ore.. April 14 (UP)
â€”Medford merchant Lee I*. Wat
son got late but willing service
on a had debt here today, a debt
of $15 owed to Watson's father
when the latter ran a store in
Coleman, Texas, 47 years ago. M.
J. Harwell of Y'ale, Texas, wrote
young Watson offering to pay for
groceries received in 1899.
Harwell wrote, "About June 1.
1899, I was broke and borrowed
five dollars from a friend to get
out of Texas. I left owing your
father and grandfather fifteen
dollars. They were good friends
of mine. For some time I have
been trying to contact you folks
and square up.
"I am now nearly 80 years old,
and recently came into a little
money . . The letter from the
honest Texan was written on the
1899 letterhead of the Kyle, Tex
as. News.
