# Circle 'S' Will Hold First Sweater Day
## 
### 
Members of Circle "S" Society
will observe their initial sweater
day today, according to Roger Stil—
son, secretary-treasurer of the or
ganization. All members are re
quested to wear Circle "S" sweaters
to class.
Activity plans for the recently re
organized group are being made,
Stilson said. Included in the plans
is a barbecue to be held in the near
future.
Members of Circle "S" Society
will observe their initial sweater
day today, according to Roger Stil—
son, secretary-treasurer of the or
ganization. All members are re
quested to wear Circle "S" sweaters
to class.
Activity plans for the recently re
organized group are being made,
Stilson said. Included in the plans
is a barbecue to be held in the near
future.
Members of Circle "S" Society
will observe their initial sweater
day today, according to Roger Stil—
son, secretary-treasurer of the or
ganization. All members are re
quested to wear Circle "S" sweaters
to class.
Activity plans for the recently re
organized group are being made,
Stilson said. Included in the plans
is a barbecue to be held in the near
future.
Members of Circle "S" Society
will observe their initial sweater
day today, according to Roger Stil—
son, secretary-treasurer of the or
ganization. All members are re
quested to wear Circle "S" sweaters
to class.
Activity plans for the recently re
organized group are being made,
Stilson said. Included in the plans
is a barbecue to be held in the near
future.
Members of Circle "S" Society
will observe their initial sweater
day today, according to Roger Stil—
son, secretary-treasurer of the or
ganization. All members are re
quested to wear Circle "S" sweaters
to class.
Activity plans for the recently re
organized group are being made,
Stilson said. Included in the plans
is a barbecue to be held in the near
future.
Members of Circle "S" Society
will observe their initial sweater
day today, according to Roger Stil—
son, secretary-treasurer of the or
ganization. All members are re
quested to wear Circle "S" sweaters
to class.
Activity plans for the recently re
organized group are being made,
Stilson said. Included in the plans
is a barbecue to be held in the near
future.
Members of Circle "S" Society
will observe their initial sweater
day today, according to Roger Stil—
son, secretary-treasurer of the or
ganization. All members are re
quested to wear Circle "S" sweaters
to class.
Activity plans for the recently re
organized group are being made,
Stilson said. Included in the plans
is a barbecue to be held in the near
future.
Members of Circle "S" Society
will observe their initial sweater
day today, according to Roger Stil—
son, secretary-treasurer of the or
ganization. All members are re
quested to wear Circle "S" sweaters
to class.
Activity plans for the recently re
organized group are being made,
Stilson said. Included in the plans
is a barbecue to be held in the near
future.
Members of Circle "S" Society
will observe their initial sweater
day today, according to Roger Stil—
son, secretary-treasurer of the or
ganization. All members are re
quested to wear Circle "S" sweaters
to class.
Activity plans for the recently re
organized group are being made,
Stilson said. Included in the plans
is a barbecue to be held in the near
future.
Members of Circle "S" Society
will observe their initial sweater
day today, according to Roger Stil—
son, secretary-treasurer of the or
ganization. All members are re
quested to wear Circle "S" sweaters
to class.
Activity plans for the recently re
organized group are being made,
Stilson said. Included in the plans
is a barbecue to be held in the near
future.
Members of Circle "S" Society
will observe their initial sweater
day today, according to Roger Stil—
son, secretary-treasurer of the or
ganization. All members are re
quested to wear Circle "S" sweaters
to class.
Activity plans for the recently re
organized group are being made,
Stilson said. Included in the plans
is a barbecue to be held in the near
future.
Members of Circle "S" Society
will observe their initial sweater
day today, according to Roger Stil—
son, secretary-treasurer of the or
ganization. All members are re
quested to wear Circle "S" sweaters
to class.
Activity plans for the recently re
organized group are being made,
Stilson said. Included in the plans
is a barbecue to be held in the near
future.
Members of Circle "S" Society
will observe their initial sweater
day today, according to Roger Stil—
son, secretary-treasurer of the or
ganization. All members are re
quested to wear Circle "S" sweaters
to class.
Activity plans for the recently re
organized group are being made,
Stilson said. Included in the plans
is a barbecue to be held in the near
future.
Members of Circle "S" Society
will observe their initial sweater
day today, according to Roger Stil—
son, secretary-treasurer of the or
ganization. All members are re
quested to wear Circle "S" sweaters
to class.
Activity plans for the recently re
organized group are being made,
Stilson said. Included in the plans
is a barbecue to be held in the near
future.
Members of Circle "S" Society
will observe their initial sweater
day today, according to Roger Stil—
son, secretary-treasurer of the or
ganization. All members are re
quested to wear Circle "S" sweaters
to class.
Activity plans for the recently re
organized group are being made,
Stilson said. Included in the plans
is a barbecue to be held in the near
future.
