# Deadline Named For Net Matches
## 
### 
All third - round singles and
doubles badminton matches must be
played off by Sunday, Barbara
Borthwick. badminton manager, an
nounced yesterday.
Contestants in the singles quar
ter-finals are:
Octavia Pratt vs. Ellen Mitchell
Barbara Metzger vs. Mardi Bemis
Josie Comet vs. Janice Froehlich
Marti Tullar vs. Claire Sprague
All third - round singles and
doubles badminton matches must be
played off by Sunday, Barbara
Borthwick. badminton manager, an
nounced yesterday.
Contestants in the singles quar
ter-finals are:
Octavia Pratt vs. Ellen Mitchell
Barbara Metzger vs. Mardi Bemis
Josie Comet vs. Janice Froehlich
Marti Tullar vs. Claire Sprague
All third - round singles and
doubles badminton matches must be
played off by Sunday, Barbara
Borthwick. badminton manager, an
nounced yesterday.
Contestants in the singles quar
ter-finals are:
Octavia Pratt vs. Ellen Mitchell
Barbara Metzger vs. Mardi Bemis
Josie Comet vs. Janice Froehlich
Marti Tullar vs. Claire Sprague
All third - round singles and
doubles badminton matches must be
played off by Sunday, Barbara
Borthwick. badminton manager, an
nounced yesterday.
Contestants in the singles quar
ter-finals are:
Octavia Pratt vs. Ellen Mitchell
Barbara Metzger vs. Mardi Bemis
Josie Comet vs. Janice Froehlich
Marti Tullar vs. Claire Sprague
All third - round singles and
doubles badminton matches must be
played off by Sunday, Barbara
Borthwick. badminton manager, an
nounced yesterday.
Contestants in the singles quar
ter-finals are:
Octavia Pratt vs. Ellen Mitchell
Barbara Metzger vs. Mardi Bemis
Josie Comet vs. Janice Froehlich
Marti Tullar vs. Claire Sprague
All third - round singles and
doubles badminton matches must be
played off by Sunday, Barbara
Borthwick. badminton manager, an
nounced yesterday.
Contestants in the singles quar
ter-finals are:
Octavia Pratt vs. Ellen Mitchell
Barbara Metzger vs. Mardi Bemis
Josie Comet vs. Janice Froehlich
Marti Tullar vs. Claire Sprague
All third - round singles and
doubles badminton matches must be
played off by Sunday, Barbara
Borthwick. badminton manager, an
nounced yesterday.
Contestants in the singles quar
ter-finals are:
Octavia Pratt vs. Ellen Mitchell
Barbara Metzger vs. Mardi Bemis
Josie Comet vs. Janice Froehlich
Marti Tullar vs. Claire Sprague
All third - round singles and
doubles badminton matches must be
played off by Sunday, Barbara
Borthwick. badminton manager, an
nounced yesterday.
Contestants in the singles quar
ter-finals are:
Octavia Pratt vs. Ellen Mitchell
Barbara Metzger vs. Mardi Bemis
Josie Comet vs. Janice Froehlich
Marti Tullar vs. Claire Sprague
All third - round singles and
doubles badminton matches must be
played off by Sunday, Barbara
Borthwick. badminton manager, an
nounced yesterday.
Contestants in the singles quar
ter-finals are:
Octavia Pratt vs. Ellen Mitchell
Barbara Metzger vs. Mardi Bemis
Josie Comet vs. Janice Froehlich
Marti Tullar vs. Claire Sprague
All third - round singles and
doubles badminton matches must be
played off by Sunday, Barbara
Borthwick. badminton manager, an
nounced yesterday.
Contestants in the singles quar
ter-finals are:
Octavia Pratt vs. Ellen Mitchell
Barbara Metzger vs. Mardi Bemis
Josie Comet vs. Janice Froehlich
Marti Tullar vs. Claire Sprague
All third - round singles and
doubles badminton matches must be
played off by Sunday, Barbara
Borthwick. badminton manager, an
nounced yesterday.
Contestants in the singles quar
ter-finals are:
Octavia Pratt vs. Ellen Mitchell
Barbara Metzger vs. Mardi Bemis
Josie Comet vs. Janice Froehlich
Marti Tullar vs. Claire Sprague
All third - round singles and
doubles badminton matches must be
played off by Sunday, Barbara
Borthwick. badminton manager, an
nounced yesterday.
Contestants in the singles quar
ter-finals are:
Octavia Pratt vs. Ellen Mitchell
Barbara Metzger vs. Mardi Bemis
Josie Comet vs. Janice Froehlich
Marti Tullar vs. Claire Sprague
All third - round singles and
doubles badminton matches must be
played off by Sunday, Barbara
Borthwick. badminton manager, an
nounced yesterday.
Contestants in the singles quar
ter-finals are:
Octavia Pratt vs. Ellen Mitchell
Barbara Metzger vs. Mardi Bemis
Josie Comet vs. Janice Froehlich
Marti Tullar vs. Claire Sprague
All third - round singles and
doubles badminton matches must be
played off by Sunday, Barbara
Borthwick. badminton manager, an
nounced yesterday.
Contestants in the singles quar
ter-finals are:
Octavia Pratt vs. Ellen Mitchell
Barbara Metzger vs. Mardi Bemis
Josie Comet vs. Janice Froehlich
Marti Tullar vs. Claire Sprague
All third - round singles and
doubles badminton matches must be
played off by Sunday, Barbara
Borthwick. badminton manager, an
nounced yesterday.
Contestants in the singles quar
ter-finals are:
Octavia Pratt vs. Ellen Mitchell
Barbara Metzger vs. Mardi Bemis
Josie Comet vs. Janice Froehlich
Marti Tullar vs. Claire Sprague
