# TUESDAY
## 
### 
At the crossroads
Upon graduation, Stanford Law
School students are faced with a
difficult decision whether to enter
private practice or go into public
law Page 6
At the crossroads
Upon graduation, Stanford Law
School students are faced with a
difficult decision whether to enter
private practice or go into public
law Page 6
At the crossroads
Upon graduation, Stanford Law
School students are faced with a
difficult decision whether to enter
private practice or go into public
law Page 6
At the crossroads
Upon graduation, Stanford Law
School students are faced with a
difficult decision whether to enter
private practice or go into public
law Page 6
At the crossroads
Upon graduation, Stanford Law
School students are faced with a
difficult decision whether to enter
private practice or go into public
law Page 6
At the crossroads
Upon graduation, Stanford Law
School students are faced with a
difficult decision whether to enter
private practice or go into public
law Page 6
At the crossroads
Upon graduation, Stanford Law
School students are faced with a
difficult decision whether to enter
private practice or go into public
law Page 6
At the crossroads
Upon graduation, Stanford Law
School students are faced with a
difficult decision whether to enter
private practice or go into public
law Page 6
