# Holiday a busy time for crime
## 
### Jock Friedly Senior staff writer 
While Stanford students and
staff stuffed themselves with
turkey over the long Thanksgiv
ing weekend, burglars came to
Stanford to stuff their Christ
mas stockings with stolen equip
ment worth more than $20,000.
Thieves lifted Macintosh com
puters from both the Varian
Physics Building and Building
530, electronic equipment from
an Escondido Village home and
several bicycles and motorcycles
from around campus. In addi
tion, vandals struck three cars
at Stanford over the four-day
weekend.
Business School student
Masakazu Sugiura was hard hit
when an Epson computer and
printer, a television, VCR, VCR
camera and 35 millimeter
camera were taken from his Es
condido Village residence be
tween 6 p.m. and 7:30 p.m. Sun
day night. After only an hour
and a half away from his home
that night, Sugiura returned to
find burglars had broken his
back door and taken the equip
ment, which he estimated to be
worth over $4,000.
"It's pretty unusual to have a
burglary of residents," Stanford
Police Chief Marv Harrington
said, noting that usually enough
people are around to deter poten
tials thefts.
However, crime on campus
rises during holidays and in be
tween quarters when the campus
is relatively empty, Harrington

said. "Those are the times- that
we try to get out literature on
crime prevention," he added.
Burglars also pilfered a Mac
intosh SE computer and a digital
oscilloscope worth close to
$13,000 from the Varian labo
ratory of Physics Prof. Bias
Cabrera.
Cabrera said someone appar
ently left the door to his lab
unlocked, allowing easy access
to the equipment. While police
found no signs of forced entry

to the building, many physics
students, faculty and staff have
keys to the building.
The thief of Bldg. 530, a ma
terials science building, broke
into an office by smashing
through the ceiling in what is
known as the building's "pent
house." The thief then took two
Macintosh SE computers, worth
over $5,000 together, as well as
some tape recorders from an
other office in the building.
The break-in probably oc

curred late Wednesday night, ac
cording to mechanical engineer
ing student Prasad Akella who
reported the burglary to police
Saturday. Despite the damage
inside, Akella said he found no
signs of forced entry into the
building.
The burglar apparently chose
to ignore numerous computers
chained to desks in the building,
opting to break into the locked
office and steal two unchained
computers instead.


Ken Beer - Daily
Jim Kramer, an electrical engineering graduate student, looks down through the hole used to
pilfer Macintosh computer equipment from Building 530.
