# Election Manager Sets Date For Nominations
## 
### 
Nominations for sophomore repre
sentative to the Executive Committee,
and student member of the Men's
council must be dropped in the ballot
box at the Law Steps, by noon Mon
day, according to Election Manager,
James Petrini, *21. The sophomore
representative will be elected to fill
the place of James Ross, who has re
signed. The vacancy in the Men's
Council was made last quarter.
Nominees wishing to withdraw must
enter their resignations before Tues
day noon.
Nominations for sophomore repre
sentative to the Executive Committee,
and student member of the Men's
council must be dropped in the ballot
box at the Law Steps, by noon Mon
day, according to Election Manager,
James Petrini, *21. The sophomore
representative will be elected to fill
the place of James Ross, who has re
signed. The vacancy in the Men's
Council was made last quarter.
Nominees wishing to withdraw must
enter their resignations before Tues
day noon.
Nominations for sophomore repre
sentative to the Executive Committee,
and student member of the Men's
council must be dropped in the ballot
box at the Law Steps, by noon Mon
day, according to Election Manager,
James Petrini, *21. The sophomore
representative will be elected to fill
the place of James Ross, who has re
signed. The vacancy in the Men's
Council was made last quarter.
Nominees wishing to withdraw must
enter their resignations before Tues
day noon.
Nominations for sophomore repre
sentative to the Executive Committee,
and student member of the Men's
council must be dropped in the ballot
box at the Law Steps, by noon Mon
day, according to Election Manager,
James Petrini, *21. The sophomore
representative will be elected to fill
the place of James Ross, who has re
signed. The vacancy in the Men's
Council was made last quarter.
Nominees wishing to withdraw must
enter their resignations before Tues
day noon.
Nominations for sophomore repre
sentative to the Executive Committee,
and student member of the Men's
council must be dropped in the ballot
box at the Law Steps, by noon Mon
day, according to Election Manager,
James Petrini, *21. The sophomore
representative will be elected to fill
the place of James Ross, who has re
signed. The vacancy in the Men's
Council was made last quarter.
Nominees wishing to withdraw must
enter their resignations before Tues
day noon.
Nominations for sophomore repre
sentative to the Executive Committee,
and student member of the Men's
council must be dropped in the ballot
box at the Law Steps, by noon Mon
day, according to Election Manager,
James Petrini, *21. The sophomore
representative will be elected to fill
the place of James Ross, who has re
signed. The vacancy in the Men's
Council was made last quarter.
Nominees wishing to withdraw must
enter their resignations before Tues
day noon.
Nominations for sophomore repre
sentative to the Executive Committee,
and student member of the Men's
council must be dropped in the ballot
box at the Law Steps, by noon Mon
day, according to Election Manager,
James Petrini, *21. The sophomore
representative will be elected to fill
the place of James Ross, who has re
signed. The vacancy in the Men's
Council was made last quarter.
Nominees wishing to withdraw must
enter their resignations before Tues
day noon.
Nominations for sophomore repre
sentative to the Executive Committee,
and student member of the Men's
council must be dropped in the ballot
box at the Law Steps, by noon Mon
day, according to Election Manager,
James Petrini, *21. The sophomore
representative will be elected to fill
the place of James Ross, who has re
signed. The vacancy in the Men's
Council was made last quarter.
Nominees wishing to withdraw must
enter their resignations before Tues
day noon.
Nominations for sophomore repre
sentative to the Executive Committee,
and student member of the Men's
council must be dropped in the ballot
box at the Law Steps, by noon Mon
day, according to Election Manager,
James Petrini, *21. The sophomore
representative will be elected to fill
the place of James Ross, who has re
signed. The vacancy in the Men's
Council was made last quarter.
Nominees wishing to withdraw must
enter their resignations before Tues
day noon.
Nominations for sophomore repre
sentative to the Executive Committee,
and student member of the Men's
council must be dropped in the ballot
box at the Law Steps, by noon Mon
day, according to Election Manager,
James Petrini, *21. The sophomore
representative will be elected to fill
the place of James Ross, who has re
signed. The vacancy in the Men's
Council was made last quarter.
Nominees wishing to withdraw must
enter their resignations before Tues
day noon.
Nominations for sophomore repre
sentative to the Executive Committee,
and student member of the Men's
council must be dropped in the ballot
box at the Law Steps, by noon Mon
day, according to Election Manager,
James Petrini, *21. The sophomore
representative will be elected to fill
the place of James Ross, who has re
signed. The vacancy in the Men's
Council was made last quarter.
Nominees wishing to withdraw must
enter their resignations before Tues
day noon.
Nominations for sophomore repre
sentative to the Executive Committee,
and student member of the Men's
council must be dropped in the ballot
box at the Law Steps, by noon Mon
day, according to Election Manager,
James Petrini, *21. The sophomore
representative will be elected to fill
the place of James Ross, who has re
signed. The vacancy in the Men's
Council was made last quarter.
Nominees wishing to withdraw must
enter their resignations before Tues
day noon.
Nominations for sophomore repre
sentative to the Executive Committee,
and student member of the Men's
council must be dropped in the ballot
box at the Law Steps, by noon Mon
day, according to Election Manager,
James Petrini, *21. The sophomore
representative will be elected to fill
the place of James Ross, who has re
signed. The vacancy in the Men's
Council was made last quarter.
Nominees wishing to withdraw must
enter their resignations before Tues
day noon.
