# Noted Archaeologist Talks Tuesday
## 
### 
A lecture on the subject of "Buried
Cities of Asia Minor," illustrated by
lantern slides, will be given in the
Chapel of the University at 11:15 a.m.
Tuesday, April 7, by Professor David
M. Robinson of Johns Hopkins Uni
versity, Baltimore, Maryland, a vice
president of the Archaeological Insti
tue of America.
The lecture embraces personal rem
iniscences and a consideration of the
value and claims of archaeology.
A lecture on the subject of "Buried
Cities of Asia Minor," illustrated by
lantern slides, will be given in the
Chapel of the University at 11:15 a.m.
Tuesday, April 7, by Professor David
M. Robinson of Johns Hopkins Uni
versity, Baltimore, Maryland, a vice
president of the Archaeological Insti
tue of America.
The lecture embraces personal rem
iniscences and a consideration of the
value and claims of archaeology.
A lecture on the subject of "Buried
Cities of Asia Minor," illustrated by
lantern slides, will be given in the
Chapel of the University at 11:15 a.m.
Tuesday, April 7, by Professor David
M. Robinson of Johns Hopkins Uni
versity, Baltimore, Maryland, a vice
president of the Archaeological Insti
tue of America.
The lecture embraces personal rem
iniscences and a consideration of the
value and claims of archaeology.
A lecture on the subject of "Buried
Cities of Asia Minor," illustrated by
lantern slides, will be given in the
Chapel of the University at 11:15 a.m.
Tuesday, April 7, by Professor David
M. Robinson of Johns Hopkins Uni
versity, Baltimore, Maryland, a vice
president of the Archaeological Insti
tue of America.
The lecture embraces personal rem
iniscences and a consideration of the
value and claims of archaeology.
A lecture on the subject of "Buried
Cities of Asia Minor," illustrated by
lantern slides, will be given in the
Chapel of the University at 11:15 a.m.
Tuesday, April 7, by Professor David
M. Robinson of Johns Hopkins Uni
versity, Baltimore, Maryland, a vice
president of the Archaeological Insti
tue of America.
The lecture embraces personal rem
iniscences and a consideration of the
value and claims of archaeology.
A lecture on the subject of "Buried
Cities of Asia Minor," illustrated by
lantern slides, will be given in the
Chapel of the University at 11:15 a.m.
Tuesday, April 7, by Professor David
M. Robinson of Johns Hopkins Uni
versity, Baltimore, Maryland, a vice
president of the Archaeological Insti
tue of America.
The lecture embraces personal rem
iniscences and a consideration of the
value and claims of archaeology.
A lecture on the subject of "Buried
Cities of Asia Minor," illustrated by
lantern slides, will be given in the
Chapel of the University at 11:15 a.m.
Tuesday, April 7, by Professor David
M. Robinson of Johns Hopkins Uni
versity, Baltimore, Maryland, a vice
president of the Archaeological Insti
tue of America.
The lecture embraces personal rem
iniscences and a consideration of the
value and claims of archaeology.
A lecture on the subject of "Buried
Cities of Asia Minor," illustrated by
lantern slides, will be given in the
Chapel of the University at 11:15 a.m.
Tuesday, April 7, by Professor David
M. Robinson of Johns Hopkins Uni
versity, Baltimore, Maryland, a vice
president of the Archaeological Insti
tue of America.
The lecture embraces personal rem
iniscences and a consideration of the
value and claims of archaeology.
A lecture on the subject of "Buried
Cities of Asia Minor," illustrated by
lantern slides, will be given in the
Chapel of the University at 11:15 a.m.
Tuesday, April 7, by Professor David
M. Robinson of Johns Hopkins Uni
versity, Baltimore, Maryland, a vice
president of the Archaeological Insti
tue of America.
The lecture embraces personal rem
iniscences and a consideration of the
value and claims of archaeology.
A lecture on the subject of "Buried
Cities of Asia Minor," illustrated by
lantern slides, will be given in the
Chapel of the University at 11:15 a.m.
Tuesday, April 7, by Professor David
M. Robinson of Johns Hopkins Uni
versity, Baltimore, Maryland, a vice
president of the Archaeological Insti
tue of America.
The lecture embraces personal rem
iniscences and a consideration of the
value and claims of archaeology.
A lecture on the subject of "Buried
Cities of Asia Minor," illustrated by
lantern slides, will be given in the
Chapel of the University at 11:15 a.m.
Tuesday, April 7, by Professor David
M. Robinson of Johns Hopkins Uni
versity, Baltimore, Maryland, a vice
president of the Archaeological Insti
tue of America.
The lecture embraces personal rem
iniscences and a consideration of the
value and claims of archaeology.
A lecture on the subject of "Buried
Cities of Asia Minor," illustrated by
lantern slides, will be given in the
Chapel of the University at 11:15 a.m.
Tuesday, April 7, by Professor David
M. Robinson of Johns Hopkins Uni
versity, Baltimore, Maryland, a vice
president of the Archaeological Insti
tue of America.
The lecture embraces personal rem
iniscences and a consideration of the
value and claims of archaeology.
