# STANFORD WOMEN DEFEAT U.S.C. RACKET WIELDERS
## 
### 
Stanford women racket wielders
defeated the U. S. C. tennis team in
four out of six matches played on the
Encina courts Monday, March 30t.h.
The second doubles and third singles
went to IT. S. C., Stanford winning
easily in the other events. Misses L.
Herron, '14, M. Lowell, '16, H. Batch
eller, '14, and A. Wells, '14, repre
sented Stanford.
Stanford women racket wielders
defeated the U. S. C. tennis team in
four out of six matches played on the
Encina courts Monday, March 30t.h.
The second doubles and third singles
went to IT. S. C., Stanford winning
easily in the other events. Misses L.
Herron, '14, M. Lowell, '16, H. Batch
eller, '14, and A. Wells, '14, repre
sented Stanford.
Stanford women racket wielders
defeated the U. S. C. tennis team in
four out of six matches played on the
Encina courts Monday, March 30t.h.
The second doubles and third singles
went to IT. S. C., Stanford winning
easily in the other events. Misses L.
Herron, '14, M. Lowell, '16, H. Batch
eller, '14, and A. Wells, '14, repre
sented Stanford.
Stanford women racket wielders
defeated the U. S. C. tennis team in
four out of six matches played on the
Encina courts Monday, March 30t.h.
The second doubles and third singles
went to IT. S. C., Stanford winning
easily in the other events. Misses L.
Herron, '14, M. Lowell, '16, H. Batch
eller, '14, and A. Wells, '14, repre
sented Stanford.
Stanford women racket wielders
defeated the U. S. C. tennis team in
four out of six matches played on the
Encina courts Monday, March 30t.h.
The second doubles and third singles
went to IT. S. C., Stanford winning
easily in the other events. Misses L.
Herron, '14, M. Lowell, '16, H. Batch
eller, '14, and A. Wells, '14, repre
sented Stanford.
Stanford women racket wielders
defeated the U. S. C. tennis team in
four out of six matches played on the
Encina courts Monday, March 30t.h.
The second doubles and third singles
went to IT. S. C., Stanford winning
easily in the other events. Misses L.
Herron, '14, M. Lowell, '16, H. Batch
eller, '14, and A. Wells, '14, repre
sented Stanford.
Stanford women racket wielders
defeated the U. S. C. tennis team in
four out of six matches played on the
Encina courts Monday, March 30t.h.
The second doubles and third singles
went to IT. S. C., Stanford winning
easily in the other events. Misses L.
Herron, '14, M. Lowell, '16, H. Batch
eller, '14, and A. Wells, '14, repre
sented Stanford.
Stanford women racket wielders
defeated the U. S. C. tennis team in
four out of six matches played on the
Encina courts Monday, March 30t.h.
The second doubles and third singles
went to IT. S. C., Stanford winning
easily in the other events. Misses L.
Herron, '14, M. Lowell, '16, H. Batch
eller, '14, and A. Wells, '14, repre
sented Stanford.
Stanford women racket wielders
defeated the U. S. C. tennis team in
four out of six matches played on the
Encina courts Monday, March 30t.h.
The second doubles and third singles
went to IT. S. C., Stanford winning
easily in the other events. Misses L.
Herron, '14, M. Lowell, '16, H. Batch
eller, '14, and A. Wells, '14, repre
sented Stanford.
Stanford women racket wielders
defeated the U. S. C. tennis team in
four out of six matches played on the
Encina courts Monday, March 30t.h.
The second doubles and third singles
went to IT. S. C., Stanford winning
easily in the other events. Misses L.
Herron, '14, M. Lowell, '16, H. Batch
eller, '14, and A. Wells, '14, repre
sented Stanford.
Stanford women racket wielders
defeated the U. S. C. tennis team in
four out of six matches played on the
Encina courts Monday, March 30t.h.
The second doubles and third singles
went to IT. S. C., Stanford winning
easily in the other events. Misses L.
Herron, '14, M. Lowell, '16, H. Batch
eller, '14, and A. Wells, '14, repre
sented Stanford.
Stanford women racket wielders
defeated the U. S. C. tennis team in
four out of six matches played on the
Encina courts Monday, March 30t.h.
The second doubles and third singles
went to IT. S. C., Stanford winning
easily in the other events. Misses L.
Herron, '14, M. Lowell, '16, H. Batch
eller, '14, and A. Wells, '14, repre
sented Stanford.
