# EDUCATOR WILL LECTURE ON THE HONOR SYSTEM
## Chancellor Kirkland, Vanderbiltâ€™s Chief Executive Comes April 20. Hour Set for Discussion. 
### 
Chancellor J. H. Kirkland, the exec
utive head of Vanderbilt University,
has accepted an invitation from
President Branner to address a gen
eral assembly Monday morning, April
20, at 11:15. The lecture topic will
be "Student Honor."
On the Wednesday following, a
meeting of students will be held at
9:15 for the discussion of problems
in student government. A primary
object of the meeting will be to con
sider the arguments and information
advanced by Chancellor Kirkland
garding the honor system. Other mat
ters of concern to the student body
will be discussed informally, among
them a reform of the Plug-Ugly con
flict between the two upper classes.
Vanderbilt University is now enjoy
ing a complete honor system in ex
aminations aud other departments of
college life, due to the active cam
paign of the Chancellor. As a result
of his investigations prior to the
adoption of the honor method, he is
perhaps the most valuable aid availa
ble in seeking information as to the
advisability of a similar system at
Stanford.
Chancellor J. H. Kirkland, the exec
utive head of Vanderbilt University,
has accepted an invitation from
President Branner to address a gen
eral assembly Monday morning, April
20, at 11:15. The lecture topic will
be "Student Honor."
On the Wednesday following, a
meeting of students will be held at
9:15 for the discussion of problems
in student government. A primary
object of the meeting will be to con
sider the arguments and information
advanced by Chancellor Kirkland
garding the honor system. Other mat
ters of concern to the student body
will be discussed informally, among
them a reform of the Plug-Ugly con
flict between the two upper classes.
Vanderbilt University is now enjoy
ing a complete honor system in ex
aminations aud other departments of
college life, due to the active cam
paign of the Chancellor. As a result
of his investigations prior to the
adoption of the honor method, he is
perhaps the most valuable aid availa
ble in seeking information as to the
advisability of a similar system at
Stanford.
Chancellor J. H. Kirkland, the exec
utive head of Vanderbilt University,
has accepted an invitation from
President Branner to address a gen
eral assembly Monday morning, April
20, at 11:15. The lecture topic will
be "Student Honor."
On the Wednesday following, a
meeting of students will be held at
9:15 for the discussion of problems
in student government. A primary
object of the meeting will be to con
sider the arguments and information
advanced by Chancellor Kirkland
garding the honor system. Other mat
ters of concern to the student body
will be discussed informally, among
them a reform of the Plug-Ugly con
flict between the two upper classes.
Vanderbilt University is now enjoy
ing a complete honor system in ex
aminations aud other departments of
college life, due to the active cam
paign of the Chancellor. As a result
of his investigations prior to the
adoption of the honor method, he is
perhaps the most valuable aid availa
ble in seeking information as to the
advisability of a similar system at
Stanford.
Chancellor J. H. Kirkland, the exec
utive head of Vanderbilt University,
has accepted an invitation from
President Branner to address a gen
eral assembly Monday morning, April
20, at 11:15. The lecture topic will
be "Student Honor."
On the Wednesday following, a
meeting of students will be held at
9:15 for the discussion of problems
in student government. A primary
object of the meeting will be to con
sider the arguments and information
advanced by Chancellor Kirkland
garding the honor system. Other mat
ters of concern to the student body
will be discussed informally, among
them a reform of the Plug-Ugly con
flict between the two upper classes.
Vanderbilt University is now enjoy
ing a complete honor system in ex
aminations aud other departments of
college life, due to the active cam
paign of the Chancellor. As a result
of his investigations prior to the
adoption of the honor method, he is
perhaps the most valuable aid availa
ble in seeking information as to the
advisability of a similar system at
Stanford.
Chancellor J. H. Kirkland, the exec
utive head of Vanderbilt University,
has accepted an invitation from
President Branner to address a gen
eral assembly Monday morning, April
20, at 11:15. The lecture topic will
be "Student Honor."
On the Wednesday following, a
meeting of students will be held at
9:15 for the discussion of problems
in student government. A primary
object of the meeting will be to con
sider the arguments and information
advanced by Chancellor Kirkland
garding the honor system. Other mat
ters of concern to the student body
will be discussed informally, among
them a reform of the Plug-Ugly con
flict between the two upper classes.
Vanderbilt University is now enjoy
ing a complete honor system in ex
aminations aud other departments of
college life, due to the active cam
paign of the Chancellor. As a result
of his investigations prior to the
adoption of the honor method, he is
perhaps the most valuable aid availa
ble in seeking information as to the
advisability of a similar system at
Stanford.
Chancellor J. H. Kirkland, the exec
utive head of Vanderbilt University,
has accepted an invitation from
President Branner to address a gen
eral assembly Monday morning, April
20, at 11:15. The lecture topic will
be "Student Honor."
On the Wednesday following, a
meeting of students will be held at
9:15 for the discussion of problems
in student government. A primary
object of the meeting will be to con
sider the arguments and information
advanced by Chancellor Kirkland
garding the honor system. Other mat
ters of concern to the student body
will be discussed informally, among
them a reform of the Plug-Ugly con
flict between the two upper classes.
Vanderbilt University is now enjoy
ing a complete honor system in ex
aminations aud other departments of
college life, due to the active cam
paign of the Chancellor. As a result
of his investigations prior to the
adoption of the honor method, he is
perhaps the most valuable aid availa
ble in seeking information as to the
advisability of a similar system at
Stanford.
Chancellor J. H. Kirkland, the exec
utive head of Vanderbilt University,
has accepted an invitation from
President Branner to address a gen
eral assembly Monday morning, April
20, at 11:15. The lecture topic will
be "Student Honor."
On the Wednesday following, a
meeting of students will be held at
9:15 for the discussion of problems
in student government. A primary
object of the meeting will be to con
sider the arguments and information
advanced by Chancellor Kirkland
garding the honor system. Other mat
ters of concern to the student body
will be discussed informally, among
them a reform of the Plug-Ugly con
flict between the two upper classes.
Vanderbilt University is now enjoy
ing a complete honor system in ex
aminations aud other departments of
college life, due to the active cam
paign of the Chancellor. As a result
of his investigations prior to the
adoption of the honor method, he is
perhaps the most valuable aid availa
ble in seeking information as to the
advisability of a similar system at
Stanford.
Chancellor J. H. Kirkland, the exec
utive head of Vanderbilt University,
has accepted an invitation from
President Branner to address a gen
eral assembly Monday morning, April
20, at 11:15. The lecture topic will
be "Student Honor."
On the Wednesday following, a
meeting of students will be held at
9:15 for the discussion of problems
in student government. A primary
object of the meeting will be to con
sider the arguments and information
advanced by Chancellor Kirkland
garding the honor system. Other mat
ters of concern to the student body
will be discussed informally, among
them a reform of the Plug-Ugly con
flict between the two upper classes.
Vanderbilt University is now enjoy
ing a complete honor system in ex
aminations aud other departments of
college life, due to the active cam
paign of the Chancellor. As a result
of his investigations prior to the
adoption of the honor method, he is
perhaps the most valuable aid availa
ble in seeking information as to the
advisability of a similar system at
Stanford.
Chancellor J. H. Kirkland, the exec
utive head of Vanderbilt University,
has accepted an invitation from
President Branner to address a gen
eral assembly Monday morning, April
20, at 11:15. The lecture topic will
be "Student Honor."
On the Wednesday following, a
meeting of students will be held at
9:15 for the discussion of problems
in student government. A primary
object of the meeting will be to con
sider the arguments and information
advanced by Chancellor Kirkland
garding the honor system. Other mat
ters of concern to the student body
will be discussed informally, among
them a reform of the Plug-Ugly con
flict between the two upper classes.
Vanderbilt University is now enjoy
ing a complete honor system in ex
aminations aud other departments of
college life, due to the active cam
paign of the Chancellor. As a result
of his investigations prior to the
adoption of the honor method, he is
perhaps the most valuable aid availa
ble in seeking information as to the
advisability of a similar system at
Stanford.
Chancellor J. H. Kirkland, the exec
utive head of Vanderbilt University,
has accepted an invitation from
President Branner to address a gen
eral assembly Monday morning, April
20, at 11:15. The lecture topic will
be "Student Honor."
On the Wednesday following, a
meeting of students will be held at
9:15 for the discussion of problems
in student government. A primary
object of the meeting will be to con
sider the arguments and information
advanced by Chancellor Kirkland
garding the honor system. Other mat
ters of concern to the student body
will be discussed informally, among
them a reform of the Plug-Ugly con
flict between the two upper classes.
Vanderbilt University is now enjoy
ing a complete honor system in ex
aminations aud other departments of
college life, due to the active cam
paign of the Chancellor. As a result
of his investigations prior to the
adoption of the honor method, he is
perhaps the most valuable aid availa
ble in seeking information as to the
advisability of a similar system at
Stanford.
Chancellor J. H. Kirkland, the exec
utive head of Vanderbilt University,
has accepted an invitation from
President Branner to address a gen
eral assembly Monday morning, April
20, at 11:15. The lecture topic will
be "Student Honor."
On the Wednesday following, a
meeting of students will be held at
9:15 for the discussion of problems
in student government. A primary
object of the meeting will be to con
sider the arguments and information
advanced by Chancellor Kirkland
garding the honor system. Other mat
ters of concern to the student body
will be discussed informally, among
them a reform of the Plug-Ugly con
flict between the two upper classes.
Vanderbilt University is now enjoy
ing a complete honor system in ex
aminations aud other departments of
college life, due to the active cam
paign of the Chancellor. As a result
of his investigations prior to the
adoption of the honor method, he is
perhaps the most valuable aid availa
ble in seeking information as to the
advisability of a similar system at
Stanford.
Chancellor J. H. Kirkland, the exec
utive head of Vanderbilt University,
has accepted an invitation from
President Branner to address a gen
eral assembly Monday morning, April
20, at 11:15. The lecture topic will
be "Student Honor."
On the Wednesday following, a
meeting of students will be held at
9:15 for the discussion of problems
in student government. A primary
object of the meeting will be to con
sider the arguments and information
advanced by Chancellor Kirkland
garding the honor system. Other mat
ters of concern to the student body
will be discussed informally, among
them a reform of the Plug-Ugly con
flict between the two upper classes.
Vanderbilt University is now enjoy
ing a complete honor system in ex
aminations aud other departments of
college life, due to the active cam
paign of the Chancellor. As a result
of his investigations prior to the
adoption of the honor method, he is
perhaps the most valuable aid availa
ble in seeking information as to the
advisability of a similar system at
Stanford.
