# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Wisconsin wants "Germany" Schultz
to come back from Michigan to teach
baseball.
Wisconsin wants "Germany" Schultz
to come back from Michigan to teach
baseball.
Wisconsin wants "Germany" Schultz
to come back from Michigan to teach
baseball.
Wisconsin wants "Germany" Schultz
to come back from Michigan to teach
baseball.
Wisconsin wants "Germany" Schultz
to come back from Michigan to teach
baseball.
Wisconsin wants "Germany" Schultz
to come back from Michigan to teach
baseball.
Wisconsin wants "Germany" Schultz
to come back from Michigan to teach
baseball.
Wisconsin wants "Germany" Schultz
to come back from Michigan to teach
baseball.
Wisconsin wants "Germany" Schultz
to come back from Michigan to teach
baseball.
Wisconsin wants "Germany" Schultz
to come back from Michigan to teach
baseball.
Wisconsin wants "Germany" Schultz
to come back from Michigan to teach
baseball.
Wisconsin wants "Germany" Schultz
to come back from Michigan to teach
baseball.
Wisconsin wants "Germany" Schultz
to come back from Michigan to teach
baseball.
Wisconsin wants "Germany" Schultz
to come back from Michigan to teach
baseball.
