# Finances of the Game.
## 
### 
Considerable interest has been
manifested since the football game
as to the financial condition of the
student body after the expenses of
the football season are paid off.
The bills are not all in yet for this
season's expenses, and it i« im
possible as yet to determine exactly
what the proceeds of the game are,
Treasurer Morrison being now en
gaged in closing up the accounts.
Approximately the gross receipts
were $12,000. Stanford's share of
the receipts of the show was $591,
about $300 being the surplus after
all expenses are paid. On the
football souvenir about $300 will
l»e Stanford's share. President
Pomeroy stated today that it was
as yet impossible to determine our
exact condition financially, but
that, making conservative estimate,
the student body debt would prob
ably be reduced $1000 this vear.
