# Carnot Finals at U. C.
## 
### 
The final try-out for the Carnot
team will be held at Berkeley next
Monday. The preliminaries re
sulted in the choice of eight men:
H. L. Rothchild, F. M. Allen, Mon
roe 10. Deutsch, C. C. Haines, Wal
ter Rothchild, C. F. Stern, J. J.
Eppinger, and Max Helan. L. E.
Martin, a member of the team last
year, will compete in the finals.
The final try-out for the Carnot
team will be held at Berkeley next
Monday. The preliminaries re
sulted in the choice of eight men:
H. L. Rothchild, F. M. Allen, Mon
roe 10. Deutsch, C. C. Haines, Wal
ter Rothchild, C. F. Stern, J. J.
Eppinger, and Max Helan. L. E.
Martin, a member of the team last
year, will compete in the finals.
The final try-out for the Carnot
team will be held at Berkeley next
Monday. The preliminaries re
sulted in the choice of eight men:
H. L. Rothchild, F. M. Allen, Mon
roe 10. Deutsch, C. C. Haines, Wal
ter Rothchild, C. F. Stern, J. J.
Eppinger, and Max Helan. L. E.
Martin, a member of the team last
year, will compete in the finals.
The final try-out for the Carnot
team will be held at Berkeley next
Monday. The preliminaries re
sulted in the choice of eight men:
H. L. Rothchild, F. M. Allen, Mon
roe 10. Deutsch, C. C. Haines, Wal
ter Rothchild, C. F. Stern, J. J.
Eppinger, and Max Helan. L. E.
Martin, a member of the team last
year, will compete in the finals.
The final try-out for the Carnot
team will be held at Berkeley next
Monday. The preliminaries re
sulted in the choice of eight men:
H. L. Rothchild, F. M. Allen, Mon
roe 10. Deutsch, C. C. Haines, Wal
ter Rothchild, C. F. Stern, J. J.
Eppinger, and Max Helan. L. E.
Martin, a member of the team last
year, will compete in the finals.
The final try-out for the Carnot
team will be held at Berkeley next
Monday. The preliminaries re
sulted in the choice of eight men:
H. L. Rothchild, F. M. Allen, Mon
roe 10. Deutsch, C. C. Haines, Wal
ter Rothchild, C. F. Stern, J. J.
Eppinger, and Max Helan. L. E.
Martin, a member of the team last
year, will compete in the finals.
The final try-out for the Carnot
team will be held at Berkeley next
Monday. The preliminaries re
sulted in the choice of eight men:
H. L. Rothchild, F. M. Allen, Mon
roe 10. Deutsch, C. C. Haines, Wal
ter Rothchild, C. F. Stern, J. J.
Eppinger, and Max Helan. L. E.
Martin, a member of the team last
year, will compete in the finals.
The final try-out for the Carnot
team will be held at Berkeley next
Monday. The preliminaries re
sulted in the choice of eight men:
H. L. Rothchild, F. M. Allen, Mon
roe 10. Deutsch, C. C. Haines, Wal
ter Rothchild, C. F. Stern, J. J.
Eppinger, and Max Helan. L. E.
Martin, a member of the team last
year, will compete in the finals.
