# Fielding Improved.
## 
### 
Better fielding and poorer bat
ting were the features of last
night's baseball practice. The men
worked with vigor, and though the
sharpness of the air puts kinks in
baseball fingers, both the infield
and outfield handled the sphere
well. Coach Swindells' admirable
spirit is being infused into the
players, and their verdict is that
never did Stanford have a better
coach. Parker officiated on the
rubber for the Varsity, with Mc-
Gilvray as backstop, while Tritch
and Grider did the honors for the
temporarily excluded applicants.
Twenty-five men were out.
Better fielding and poorer bat
ting were the features of last
night's baseball practice. The men
worked with vigor, and though the
sharpness of the air puts kinks in
baseball fingers, both the infield
and outfield handled the sphere
well. Coach Swindells' admirable
spirit is being infused into the
players, and their verdict is that
never did Stanford have a better
coach. Parker officiated on the
rubber for the Varsity, with Mc-
Gilvray as backstop, while Tritch
and Grider did the honors for the
temporarily excluded applicants.
Twenty-five men were out.
Better fielding and poorer bat
ting were the features of last
night's baseball practice. The men
worked with vigor, and though the
sharpness of the air puts kinks in
baseball fingers, both the infield
and outfield handled the sphere
well. Coach Swindells' admirable
spirit is being infused into the
players, and their verdict is that
never did Stanford have a better
coach. Parker officiated on the
rubber for the Varsity, with Mc-
Gilvray as backstop, while Tritch
and Grider did the honors for the
temporarily excluded applicants.
Twenty-five men were out.
Better fielding and poorer bat
ting were the features of last
night's baseball practice. The men
worked with vigor, and though the
sharpness of the air puts kinks in
baseball fingers, both the infield
and outfield handled the sphere
well. Coach Swindells' admirable
spirit is being infused into the
players, and their verdict is that
never did Stanford have a better
coach. Parker officiated on the
rubber for the Varsity, with Mc-
Gilvray as backstop, while Tritch
and Grider did the honors for the
temporarily excluded applicants.
Twenty-five men were out.
Better fielding and poorer bat
ting were the features of last
night's baseball practice. The men
worked with vigor, and though the
sharpness of the air puts kinks in
baseball fingers, both the infield
and outfield handled the sphere
well. Coach Swindells' admirable
spirit is being infused into the
players, and their verdict is that
never did Stanford have a better
coach. Parker officiated on the
rubber for the Varsity, with Mc-
Gilvray as backstop, while Tritch
and Grider did the honors for the
temporarily excluded applicants.
Twenty-five men were out.
Better fielding and poorer bat
ting were the features of last
night's baseball practice. The men
worked with vigor, and though the
sharpness of the air puts kinks in
baseball fingers, both the infield
and outfield handled the sphere
well. Coach Swindells' admirable
spirit is being infused into the
players, and their verdict is that
never did Stanford have a better
coach. Parker officiated on the
rubber for the Varsity, with Mc-
Gilvray as backstop, while Tritch
and Grider did the honors for the
temporarily excluded applicants.
Twenty-five men were out.
Better fielding and poorer bat
ting were the features of last
night's baseball practice. The men
worked with vigor, and though the
sharpness of the air puts kinks in
baseball fingers, both the infield
and outfield handled the sphere
well. Coach Swindells' admirable
spirit is being infused into the
players, and their verdict is that
never did Stanford have a better
coach. Parker officiated on the
rubber for the Varsity, with Mc-
Gilvray as backstop, while Tritch
and Grider did the honors for the
temporarily excluded applicants.
Twenty-five men were out.
Better fielding and poorer bat
ting were the features of last
night's baseball practice. The men
worked with vigor, and though the
sharpness of the air puts kinks in
baseball fingers, both the infield
and outfield handled the sphere
well. Coach Swindells' admirable
spirit is being infused into the
players, and their verdict is that
never did Stanford have a better
coach. Parker officiated on the
rubber for the Varsity, with Mc-
Gilvray as backstop, while Tritch
and Grider did the honors for the
temporarily excluded applicants.
Twenty-five men were out.
