# Weather:
## 
### 
A chance of rain today. Clearing late today and
tonight then mostly fair tomorrow. Lows in the
mid 40s to mid 50s. Highs in the 60s to low 70s.
Southerly winds increasing to 10 to 25 mph
becoming westerly tonight. Chance of rain 30
percent.
A chance of rain today. Clearing late today and
tonight then mostly fair tomorrow. Lows in the
mid 40s to mid 50s. Highs in the 60s to low 70s.
Southerly winds increasing to 10 to 25 mph
becoming westerly tonight. Chance of rain 30
percent.
A chance of rain today. Clearing late today and
tonight then mostly fair tomorrow. Lows in the
mid 40s to mid 50s. Highs in the 60s to low 70s.
Southerly winds increasing to 10 to 25 mph
becoming westerly tonight. Chance of rain 30
percent.
A chance of rain today. Clearing late today and
tonight then mostly fair tomorrow. Lows in the
mid 40s to mid 50s. Highs in the 60s to low 70s.
Southerly winds increasing to 10 to 25 mph
becoming westerly tonight. Chance of rain 30
percent.
A chance of rain today. Clearing late today and
tonight then mostly fair tomorrow. Lows in the
mid 40s to mid 50s. Highs in the 60s to low 70s.
Southerly winds increasing to 10 to 25 mph
becoming westerly tonight. Chance of rain 30
percent.
A chance of rain today. Clearing late today and
tonight then mostly fair tomorrow. Lows in the
mid 40s to mid 50s. Highs in the 60s to low 70s.
Southerly winds increasing to 10 to 25 mph
becoming westerly tonight. Chance of rain 30
percent.
A chance of rain today. Clearing late today and
tonight then mostly fair tomorrow. Lows in the
mid 40s to mid 50s. Highs in the 60s to low 70s.
Southerly winds increasing to 10 to 25 mph
becoming westerly tonight. Chance of rain 30
percent.
A chance of rain today. Clearing late today and
tonight then mostly fair tomorrow. Lows in the
mid 40s to mid 50s. Highs in the 60s to low 70s.
Southerly winds increasing to 10 to 25 mph
becoming westerly tonight. Chance of rain 30
percent.
A chance of rain today. Clearing late today and
tonight then mostly fair tomorrow. Lows in the
mid 40s to mid 50s. Highs in the 60s to low 70s.
Southerly winds increasing to 10 to 25 mph
becoming westerly tonight. Chance of rain 30
percent.
