# Miss R. Sampson Elected.
## 
### 
Miss R. Sampson, '11, was elected
president of Cap nd Gown yesterday,
to fill the position vacated by the
resignation of Miss Margaret Graham,
'12. Miss D. Marx, '11, was elected
secretary, owing to the graduation of
Miss F. Smith, '11.
Miss R. Sampson, '11, was elected
president of Cap nd Gown yesterday,
to fill the position vacated by the
resignation of Miss Margaret Graham,
'12. Miss D. Marx, '11, was elected
secretary, owing to the graduation of
Miss F. Smith, '11.
Miss R. Sampson, '11, was elected
president of Cap nd Gown yesterday,
to fill the position vacated by the
resignation of Miss Margaret Graham,
'12. Miss D. Marx, '11, was elected
secretary, owing to the graduation of
Miss F. Smith, '11.
Miss R. Sampson, '11, was elected
president of Cap nd Gown yesterday,
to fill the position vacated by the
resignation of Miss Margaret Graham,
'12. Miss D. Marx, '11, was elected
secretary, owing to the graduation of
Miss F. Smith, '11.
Miss R. Sampson, '11, was elected
president of Cap nd Gown yesterday,
to fill the position vacated by the
resignation of Miss Margaret Graham,
'12. Miss D. Marx, '11, was elected
secretary, owing to the graduation of
Miss F. Smith, '11.
Miss R. Sampson, '11, was elected
president of Cap nd Gown yesterday,
to fill the position vacated by the
resignation of Miss Margaret Graham,
'12. Miss D. Marx, '11, was elected
secretary, owing to the graduation of
Miss F. Smith, '11.
Miss R. Sampson, '11, was elected
president of Cap nd Gown yesterday,
to fill the position vacated by the
resignation of Miss Margaret Graham,
'12. Miss D. Marx, '11, was elected
secretary, owing to the graduation of
Miss F. Smith, '11.
Miss R. Sampson, '11, was elected
president of Cap nd Gown yesterday,
to fill the position vacated by the
resignation of Miss Margaret Graham,
'12. Miss D. Marx, '11, was elected
secretary, owing to the graduation of
Miss F. Smith, '11.
Miss R. Sampson, '11, was elected
president of Cap nd Gown yesterday,
to fill the position vacated by the
resignation of Miss Margaret Graham,
'12. Miss D. Marx, '11, was elected
secretary, owing to the graduation of
Miss F. Smith, '11.
Miss R. Sampson, '11, was elected
president of Cap nd Gown yesterday,
to fill the position vacated by the
resignation of Miss Margaret Graham,
'12. Miss D. Marx, '11, was elected
secretary, owing to the graduation of
Miss F. Smith, '11.
Miss R. Sampson, '11, was elected
president of Cap nd Gown yesterday,
to fill the position vacated by the
resignation of Miss Margaret Graham,
'12. Miss D. Marx, '11, was elected
secretary, owing to the graduation of
Miss F. Smith, '11.
Miss R. Sampson, '11, was elected
president of Cap nd Gown yesterday,
to fill the position vacated by the
resignation of Miss Margaret Graham,
'12. Miss D. Marx, '11, was elected
secretary, owing to the graduation of
Miss F. Smith, '11.
Miss R. Sampson, '11, was elected
president of Cap nd Gown yesterday,
to fill the position vacated by the
resignation of Miss Margaret Graham,
'12. Miss D. Marx, '11, was elected
secretary, owing to the graduation of
Miss F. Smith, '11.
