# Quad.
## 
### 
.T. Dice, '10, is i i the fur bearing ani
mals department of the Bureau of
Fisheries, located in the Alaskan
straits.
.T. Dice, '10, is i i the fur bearing ani
mals department of the Bureau of
Fisheries, located in the Alaskan
straits.
.T. Dice, '10, is i i the fur bearing ani
mals department of the Bureau of
Fisheries, located in the Alaskan
straits.
.T. Dice, '10, is i i the fur bearing ani
mals department of the Bureau of
Fisheries, located in the Alaskan
straits.
.T. Dice, '10, is i i the fur bearing ani
mals department of the Bureau of
Fisheries, located in the Alaskan
straits.
.T. Dice, '10, is i i the fur bearing ani
mals department of the Bureau of
Fisheries, located in the Alaskan
straits.
.T. Dice, '10, is i i the fur bearing ani
mals department of the Bureau of
Fisheries, located in the Alaskan
straits.
.T. Dice, '10, is i i the fur bearing ani
mals department of the Bureau of
Fisheries, located in the Alaskan
straits.
.T. Dice, '10, is i i the fur bearing ani
mals department of the Bureau of
Fisheries, located in the Alaskan
straits.
.T. Dice, '10, is i i the fur bearing ani
mals department of the Bureau of
Fisheries, located in the Alaskan
straits.
.T. Dice, '10, is i i the fur bearing ani
mals department of the Bureau of
Fisheries, located in the Alaskan
straits.
.T. Dice, '10, is i i the fur bearing ani
mals department of the Bureau of
Fisheries, located in the Alaskan
straits.
.T. Dice, '10, is i i the fur bearing ani
mals department of the Bureau of
Fisheries, located in the Alaskan
straits.
