# Letters
## Columnist uses bad satire and untruths to undermine pro-lifers 
### 
Malinda McCollum's column
"Protecting potential lives," (The Daily,
Oct. 11) is a good example of bad sat
ire, obscuring the truth rather than
disclosing it.
The problem with McCollum's essay,
apart from containing rather cruel ad
hominem attacks, is that it oscillates
between talk of protecting "people,"
"potential fetuses" and "potential lives"
without defining any of these terms.
She thereby blurs important distinc
tions and begs important questions.
McCollum's ironic suggestion that an
unfertilized egg "has the potential to
become a fetus just as a fertilized egg
does" — and thus that its loss is
morally comparable to an induced
abortion — fails as a reductio ad ab
surdum of the pro-life position for two

reasons.
First, it ignores the difference be
tween actual and potential life. At con
ception, when the two haploid cells
merge to form the diploid, a unique
genotype is in place.
We do not yet have a fetus, much
less a self-conscious person, but a fer
tilized ovum, unlike a gamete, does
have the full human complement of
chromosomes and is neither identical
with nor merely a part of its father or
its mother. An unfertilized egg does
not have the distinct identity of a fer
tilized one.
Second, McCollum's suggestion fails
to distinguish between (a) a capacity
for growth which, if not thwarted, will
pass through various maturational
stages and (b) contingent developments

that mean the alteration of a thing's
basic structure.
A normal embryo has the potential
to become a full-term baby, and a baby
has the potential to become an adult.
But this natural capacity is qualita
tively different from the potential of a
chunk of coal to become part of a dia
mond, a ring of a redwood tree to
become part of a house, or, indeed, of
an individual sex cell to become a
zygote.
The difficult question, to be sure, is:
"When during gestation does a human
life become worthy of respect and
protection?" Many in the pro-life move
ment would cite conception itself as
the relevant point and thus object to
all elective abortions.
But other criteria are possible, such

as heartbeat (eight weeks) and
measurable brain waves (10-12 weeks).
One does not have to be a "thug" to
agree, as I do, with Operation Rescue
that current laws allowing abortion on
demand are unjust to the unborn.
Would McCollum's levity be so free
flowing if she were actually to see the
decapitated corpse of a fetus, legally
aborted at 24 weeks? Would her scorn
for Operation Rescue be so complete if
she had observed first-hand its non
violent witness?
I think not. In any event, when the
beliefs of one side of a complex social
debate are ridiculed with neither in
sight nor sympathy, no one is served.
Such ridicule is not deft satire but
crude propaganda.

"After all," McCollum asks rhetori
cally, "is a woman's right to choose
what she wants to do with her own
body really that important?" Yet she
neglects to note that, except in cases
of rape, conception occurs because of.
free choices made by men and women.
Surely feminism has taught us to be
concerned with the powerless and dis
enfranchised, and fetuses are about as
disenfranchised as you can get in our
culture.
Malinda McCollum sheds very little
light on how this tragic situation
might be rectified in a way that
respects all human lives, born and
unborn.
Timothy Jackson
Asst. professor, religious studies
