# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It has been suggested in previous
issues of tbis paper that we should
have a students' guild. Thus far no
definite action has been taken It
needs only a little earnest thinking
to convince any one that there must
be a hospital here soon. At present
a student cannot receive the care he
should have in the hall, where it is
almost impossible to have everything
quiet, and since a sick person requires
food prepared especially for his own
particular condition. By having a
house built on the ground*, one hav
ing about eight rooms and well ar
ranged, to which a student could be
easily removed and well cared for by
a trained nurse, much of the fear
from sickness would be taken away.
The hospital could be built on the
same plan as many other buildings
are here, and rented for $25 or $130
per month. An excellent nurse
could be kept for $(>OO a year. If
the students start tbis matter in the

right way, help will come from many
uidooked for sources. It would be
wise to Lave a fund of a few hundred
dollars, a part of which might be
used in keeping a stock of stable ar
ticles on hand, s-uch as are indispens
able in c.so of sickness; and a part
of that fund could be drawn u[ on 5
should it be deemed advisable to
have a doctor from a neighboring
place called in. We understand
that the faculty are in hearty sym
pathy with a step of this kind.
This fund could be raised annually
by the students contributing one or
two dollars apiece. Certainly no
student would object to paying such
a small amount to insure good care
in case of sickness.
