# Adv. 13 Page 3
## 
### 
TRUDIAL
PORTABLE RADIO
No wires required
Operates on dry eell
batteries
Four tubes
COMPARE!
$19.75
HARRY'S
University at Waverley
TRUDIAL
PORTABLE RADIO
No wires required
Operates on dry eell
batteries
Four tubes
COMPARE!
$19.75
HARRY'S
University at Waverley
TRUDIAL
PORTABLE RADIO
No wires required
Operates on dry eell
batteries
Four tubes
COMPARE!
$19.75
HARRY'S
University at Waverley
TRUDIAL
PORTABLE RADIO
No wires required
Operates on dry eell
batteries
Four tubes
COMPARE!
$19.75
HARRY'S
University at Waverley
TRUDIAL
PORTABLE RADIO
No wires required
Operates on dry eell
batteries
Four tubes
COMPARE!
$19.75
HARRY'S
University at Waverley
TRUDIAL
PORTABLE RADIO
No wires required
Operates on dry eell
batteries
Four tubes
COMPARE!
$19.75
HARRY'S
University at Waverley
TRUDIAL
PORTABLE RADIO
No wires required
Operates on dry eell
batteries
Four tubes
COMPARE!
$19.75
HARRY'S
University at Waverley
TRUDIAL
PORTABLE RADIO
No wires required
Operates on dry eell
batteries
Four tubes
COMPARE!
$19.75
HARRY'S
University at Waverley
TRUDIAL
PORTABLE RADIO
No wires required
Operates on dry eell
batteries
Four tubes
COMPARE!
$19.75
HARRY'S
University at Waverley
TRUDIAL
PORTABLE RADIO
No wires required
Operates on dry eell
batteries
Four tubes
COMPARE!
$19.75
HARRY'S
University at Waverley
TRUDIAL
PORTABLE RADIO
No wires required
Operates on dry eell
batteries
Four tubes
COMPARE!
$19.75
HARRY'S
University at Waverley
TRUDIAL
PORTABLE RADIO
No wires required
Operates on dry eell
batteries
Four tubes
COMPARE!
$19.75
HARRY'S
University at Waverley
TRUDIAL
PORTABLE RADIO
No wires required
Operates on dry eell
batteries
Four tubes
COMPARE!
$19.75
HARRY'S
University at Waverley
TRUDIAL
PORTABLE RADIO
No wires required
Operates on dry eell
batteries
Four tubes
COMPARE!
$19.75
HARRY'S
University at Waverley
TRUDIAL
PORTABLE RADIO
No wires required
Operates on dry eell
batteries
Four tubes
COMPARE!
$19.75
HARRY'S
University at Waverley
TRUDIAL
PORTABLE RADIO
No wires required
Operates on dry eell
batteries
Four tubes
COMPARE!
$19.75
HARRY'S
University at Waverley
