# Farm Professors Named to Society
## 
### 
Professor Eliot. Black welder of
the geology department and Pro
fessor Stephen Timoshenko, of the
oretical and applied mechanics,
were elected to membership in the
American Philosophical Society in
its annual meeting in Philadelphia.
Supreme Court Justices Felix
Frankfurter and Harlan Fiskc
Stone, Edouard Bones, former pres
ident of Czecho-slovakia, Paul Mer
rill, Pasadena John Van Vleck,
Cambridge, Mass., and Theophilus S.
Pianter, Austin, Tex., were also se
lected.
Professor Eliot. Black welder of
the geology department and Pro
fessor Stephen Timoshenko, of the
oretical and applied mechanics,
were elected to membership in the
American Philosophical Society in
its annual meeting in Philadelphia.
Supreme Court Justices Felix
Frankfurter and Harlan Fiskc
Stone, Edouard Bones, former pres
ident of Czecho-slovakia, Paul Mer
rill, Pasadena John Van Vleck,
Cambridge, Mass., and Theophilus S.
Pianter, Austin, Tex., were also se
lected.
Professor Eliot. Black welder of
the geology department and Pro
fessor Stephen Timoshenko, of the
oretical and applied mechanics,
were elected to membership in the
American Philosophical Society in
its annual meeting in Philadelphia.
Supreme Court Justices Felix
Frankfurter and Harlan Fiskc
Stone, Edouard Bones, former pres
ident of Czecho-slovakia, Paul Mer
rill, Pasadena John Van Vleck,
Cambridge, Mass., and Theophilus S.
Pianter, Austin, Tex., were also se
lected.
Professor Eliot. Black welder of
the geology department and Pro
fessor Stephen Timoshenko, of the
oretical and applied mechanics,
were elected to membership in the
American Philosophical Society in
its annual meeting in Philadelphia.
Supreme Court Justices Felix
Frankfurter and Harlan Fiskc
Stone, Edouard Bones, former pres
ident of Czecho-slovakia, Paul Mer
rill, Pasadena John Van Vleck,
Cambridge, Mass., and Theophilus S.
Pianter, Austin, Tex., were also se
lected.
Professor Eliot. Black welder of
the geology department and Pro
fessor Stephen Timoshenko, of the
oretical and applied mechanics,
were elected to membership in the
American Philosophical Society in
its annual meeting in Philadelphia.
Supreme Court Justices Felix
Frankfurter and Harlan Fiskc
Stone, Edouard Bones, former pres
ident of Czecho-slovakia, Paul Mer
rill, Pasadena John Van Vleck,
Cambridge, Mass., and Theophilus S.
Pianter, Austin, Tex., were also se
lected.
Professor Eliot. Black welder of
the geology department and Pro
fessor Stephen Timoshenko, of the
oretical and applied mechanics,
were elected to membership in the
American Philosophical Society in
its annual meeting in Philadelphia.
Supreme Court Justices Felix
Frankfurter and Harlan Fiskc
Stone, Edouard Bones, former pres
ident of Czecho-slovakia, Paul Mer
rill, Pasadena John Van Vleck,
Cambridge, Mass., and Theophilus S.
Pianter, Austin, Tex., were also se
lected.
Professor Eliot. Black welder of
the geology department and Pro
fessor Stephen Timoshenko, of the
oretical and applied mechanics,
were elected to membership in the
American Philosophical Society in
its annual meeting in Philadelphia.
Supreme Court Justices Felix
Frankfurter and Harlan Fiskc
Stone, Edouard Bones, former pres
ident of Czecho-slovakia, Paul Mer
rill, Pasadena John Van Vleck,
Cambridge, Mass., and Theophilus S.
Pianter, Austin, Tex., were also se
lected.
Professor Eliot. Black welder of
the geology department and Pro
fessor Stephen Timoshenko, of the
oretical and applied mechanics,
were elected to membership in the
American Philosophical Society in
its annual meeting in Philadelphia.
Supreme Court Justices Felix
Frankfurter and Harlan Fiskc
Stone, Edouard Bones, former pres
ident of Czecho-slovakia, Paul Mer
rill, Pasadena John Van Vleck,
Cambridge, Mass., and Theophilus S.
Pianter, Austin, Tex., were also se
lected.
Professor Eliot. Black welder of
the geology department and Pro
fessor Stephen Timoshenko, of the
oretical and applied mechanics,
were elected to membership in the
American Philosophical Society in
its annual meeting in Philadelphia.
Supreme Court Justices Felix
Frankfurter and Harlan Fiskc
Stone, Edouard Bones, former pres
ident of Czecho-slovakia, Paul Mer
rill, Pasadena John Van Vleck,
Cambridge, Mass., and Theophilus S.
Pianter, Austin, Tex., were also se
lected.
Professor Eliot. Black welder of
the geology department and Pro
fessor Stephen Timoshenko, of the
oretical and applied mechanics,
were elected to membership in the
American Philosophical Society in
its annual meeting in Philadelphia.
Supreme Court Justices Felix
Frankfurter and Harlan Fiskc
Stone, Edouard Bones, former pres
ident of Czecho-slovakia, Paul Mer
rill, Pasadena John Van Vleck,
Cambridge, Mass., and Theophilus S.
Pianter, Austin, Tex., were also se
lected.
Professor Eliot. Black welder of
the geology department and Pro
fessor Stephen Timoshenko, of the
oretical and applied mechanics,
were elected to membership in the
American Philosophical Society in
its annual meeting in Philadelphia.
Supreme Court Justices Felix
Frankfurter and Harlan Fiskc
Stone, Edouard Bones, former pres
ident of Czecho-slovakia, Paul Mer
rill, Pasadena John Van Vleck,
Cambridge, Mass., and Theophilus S.
Pianter, Austin, Tex., were also se
lected.
Professor Eliot. Black welder of
the geology department and Pro
fessor Stephen Timoshenko, of the
oretical and applied mechanics,
were elected to membership in the
American Philosophical Society in
its annual meeting in Philadelphia.
Supreme Court Justices Felix
Frankfurter and Harlan Fiskc
Stone, Edouard Bones, former pres
ident of Czecho-slovakia, Paul Mer
rill, Pasadena John Van Vleck,
Cambridge, Mass., and Theophilus S.
Pianter, Austin, Tex., were also se
lected.
Professor Eliot. Black welder of
the geology department and Pro
fessor Stephen Timoshenko, of the
oretical and applied mechanics,
were elected to membership in the
American Philosophical Society in
its annual meeting in Philadelphia.
Supreme Court Justices Felix
Frankfurter and Harlan Fiskc
Stone, Edouard Bones, former pres
ident of Czecho-slovakia, Paul Mer
rill, Pasadena John Van Vleck,
Cambridge, Mass., and Theophilus S.
Pianter, Austin, Tex., were also se
lected.
Professor Eliot. Black welder of
the geology department and Pro
fessor Stephen Timoshenko, of the
oretical and applied mechanics,
were elected to membership in the
American Philosophical Society in
its annual meeting in Philadelphia.
Supreme Court Justices Felix
Frankfurter and Harlan Fiskc
Stone, Edouard Bones, former pres
ident of Czecho-slovakia, Paul Mer
rill, Pasadena John Van Vleck,
Cambridge, Mass., and Theophilus S.
Pianter, Austin, Tex., were also se
lected.
Professor Eliot. Black welder of
the geology department and Pro
fessor Stephen Timoshenko, of the
oretical and applied mechanics,
were elected to membership in the
American Philosophical Society in
its annual meeting in Philadelphia.
Supreme Court Justices Felix
Frankfurter and Harlan Fiskc
Stone, Edouard Bones, former pres
ident of Czecho-slovakia, Paul Mer
rill, Pasadena John Van Vleck,
Cambridge, Mass., and Theophilus S.
Pianter, Austin, Tex., were also se
lected.
Professor Eliot. Black welder of
the geology department and Pro
fessor Stephen Timoshenko, of the
oretical and applied mechanics,
were elected to membership in the
American Philosophical Society in
its annual meeting in Philadelphia.
Supreme Court Justices Felix
Frankfurter and Harlan Fiskc
Stone, Edouard Bones, former pres
ident of Czecho-slovakia, Paul Mer
rill, Pasadena John Van Vleck,
Cambridge, Mass., and Theophilus S.
Pianter, Austin, Tex., were also se
lected.
