# New Roble Sponsors Announced
## Jean Bolton, lather Berry to Head Roble; 30 Women Selected 
### 
Roble sponsors for 1939-40 have
been selected with Jean Bolton and
Esther Berry heading the list as
president of Roble and head sponsor
respectively, it was announced yes
terday. At the same time Jean Bry
ant was chosen head sponsor of L;i
gunita and Kay Powell of the Union
Unit.
Next year's senior sponsors in
clude Barbara Bovyer, Betty Breed
ing, Connie Crommelin, Olive Free
man, Barbara Gilbert, Jane Green
wood, Renee Holden, Mary Kay
Horton, Virginia McCloskey, Jeanne
Powell, and Jean Sichel.
JUNIOR SPONSORS
Lois Whitmore has been named
vice-president of Roble, and Mary
Etta Farrel will be the secretary
treasurer. Other juniors who will
be in Roble as sponsors are Mary
Beach, Isabel Gore, Mary June
Montgomery, Barbara Sweetland,
Anne Townsend, and Marlyn Whe
don.
Under the head sponsor n Union
will be Ruth McDonald, Mary Lou
ise Stong, and Marian Jackson,
while Jean Bryant in Lagunita will
be assisted by Alda Lehman, Betty
Lyman, Louise Payne, Claire Pfleu
ger and Barbara Ruth. Alice James
has been chosen as off - campus
sponsor.
The sponsor system, designed to
continue orientation of new stu
dents, both freshmen and transfers,
past the first few days of school, be
gan in 1923 when it. replaced the
"big-sister' custom which existed
up to that time.
STUDENT SELECTION
Originally selected by the Dean's
office and approved by President
Wilbur, the sponsors are now chosen
by a student committee and the li.st
is approved by Miss Yost and Dr.
Wilbur.
The committee was composed of
Carolyn Hibbard, president of Wom
en's Conference; Mary Sladen, vice
president; Betty Davis, vice-presi
dent of the student body; Harriet
Nash, Barbara Goodrich, Maxine
Dailey, and Mary Morris Boggs, all
graduating members of Women's
Council; Putzie Hinrichs, Anna May
Pettys, and Nan Allen, head spon
sors of Roble, Union, and Lagunita
this year.
Roble sponsors for 1939-40 have
been selected with Jean Bolton and
Esther Berry heading the list as
president of Roble and head sponsor
respectively, it was announced yes
terday. At the same time Jean Bry
ant was chosen head sponsor of L;i
gunita and Kay Powell of the Union
Unit.
Next year's senior sponsors in
clude Barbara Bovyer, Betty Breed
ing, Connie Crommelin, Olive Free
man, Barbara Gilbert, Jane Green
wood, Renee Holden, Mary Kay
Horton, Virginia McCloskey, Jeanne
Powell, and Jean Sichel.
JUNIOR SPONSORS
Lois Whitmore has been named
vice-president of Roble, and Mary
Etta Farrel will be the secretary
treasurer. Other juniors who will
be in Roble as sponsors are Mary
Beach, Isabel Gore, Mary June
Montgomery, Barbara Sweetland,
Anne Townsend, and Marlyn Whe
don.
Under the head sponsor n Union
will be Ruth McDonald, Mary Lou
ise Stong, and Marian Jackson,
while Jean Bryant in Lagunita will
be assisted by Alda Lehman, Betty
Lyman, Louise Payne, Claire Pfleu
ger and Barbara Ruth. Alice James
has been chosen as off - campus
sponsor.
The sponsor system, designed to
continue orientation of new stu
dents, both freshmen and transfers,
past the first few days of school, be
gan in 1923 when it. replaced the
"big-sister' custom which existed
up to that time.
STUDENT SELECTION
Originally selected by the Dean's
office and approved by President
Wilbur, the sponsors are now chosen
by a student committee and the li.st
is approved by Miss Yost and Dr.
Wilbur.
The committee was composed of
Carolyn Hibbard, president of Wom
en's Conference; Mary Sladen, vice
president; Betty Davis, vice-presi
dent of the student body; Harriet
Nash, Barbara Goodrich, Maxine
Dailey, and Mary Morris Boggs, all
graduating members of Women's
Council; Putzie Hinrichs, Anna May
Pettys, and Nan Allen, head spon
sors of Roble, Union, and Lagunita
this year.
Roble sponsors for 1939-40 have
been selected with Jean Bolton and
Esther Berry heading the list as
president of Roble and head sponsor
respectively, it was announced yes
terday. At the same time Jean Bry
ant was chosen head sponsor of L;i
gunita and Kay Powell of the Union
Unit.
Next year's senior sponsors in
clude Barbara Bovyer, Betty Breed
ing, Connie Crommelin, Olive Free
man, Barbara Gilbert, Jane Green
wood, Renee Holden, Mary Kay
Horton, Virginia McCloskey, Jeanne
Powell, and Jean Sichel.
JUNIOR SPONSORS
Lois Whitmore has been named
vice-president of Roble, and Mary
Etta Farrel will be the secretary
treasurer. Other juniors who will
be in Roble as sponsors are Mary
Beach, Isabel Gore, Mary June
Montgomery, Barbara Sweetland,
Anne Townsend, and Marlyn Whe
don.
Under the head sponsor n Union
will be Ruth McDonald, Mary Lou
ise Stong, and Marian Jackson,
while Jean Bryant in Lagunita will
be assisted by Alda Lehman, Betty
Lyman, Louise Payne, Claire Pfleu
ger and Barbara Ruth. Alice James
has been chosen as off - campus
sponsor.
The sponsor system, designed to
continue orientation of new stu
dents, both freshmen and transfers,
past the first few days of school, be
gan in 1923 when it. replaced the
"big-sister' custom which existed
up to that time.
STUDENT SELECTION
Originally selected by the Dean's
office and approved by President
Wilbur, the sponsors are now chosen
by a student committee and the li.st
is approved by Miss Yost and Dr.
Wilbur.
The committee was composed of
Carolyn Hibbard, president of Wom
en's Conference; Mary Sladen, vice
president; Betty Davis, vice-presi
dent of the student body; Harriet
Nash, Barbara Goodrich, Maxine
Dailey, and Mary Morris Boggs, all
graduating members of Women's
Council; Putzie Hinrichs, Anna May
Pettys, and Nan Allen, head spon
sors of Roble, Union, and Lagunita
this year.
Roble sponsors for 1939-40 have
been selected with Jean Bolton and
Esther Berry heading the list as
president of Roble and head sponsor
respectively, it was announced yes
terday. At the same time Jean Bry
ant was chosen head sponsor of L;i
gunita and Kay Powell of the Union
Unit.
Next year's senior sponsors in
clude Barbara Bovyer, Betty Breed
ing, Connie Crommelin, Olive Free
man, Barbara Gilbert, Jane Green
wood, Renee Holden, Mary Kay
Horton, Virginia McCloskey, Jeanne
Powell, and Jean Sichel.
JUNIOR SPONSORS
Lois Whitmore has been named
vice-president of Roble, and Mary
Etta Farrel will be the secretary
treasurer. Other juniors who will
be in Roble as sponsors are Mary
Beach, Isabel Gore, Mary June
Montgomery, Barbara Sweetland,
Anne Townsend, and Marlyn Whe
don.
Under the head sponsor n Union
will be Ruth McDonald, Mary Lou
ise Stong, and Marian Jackson,
while Jean Bryant in Lagunita will
be assisted by Alda Lehman, Betty
Lyman, Louise Payne, Claire Pfleu
ger and Barbara Ruth. Alice James
has been chosen as off - campus
sponsor.
The sponsor system, designed to
continue orientation of new stu
dents, both freshmen and transfers,
past the first few days of school, be
gan in 1923 when it. replaced the
"big-sister' custom which existed
up to that time.
STUDENT SELECTION
Originally selected by the Dean's
office and approved by President
Wilbur, the sponsors are now chosen
by a student committee and the li.st
is approved by Miss Yost and Dr.
Wilbur.
The committee was composed of
Carolyn Hibbard, president of Wom
en's Conference; Mary Sladen, vice
president; Betty Davis, vice-presi
dent of the student body; Harriet
Nash, Barbara Goodrich, Maxine
Dailey, and Mary Morris Boggs, all
graduating members of Women's
Council; Putzie Hinrichs, Anna May
Pettys, and Nan Allen, head spon
sors of Roble, Union, and Lagunita
this year.
Roble sponsors for 1939-40 have
been selected with Jean Bolton and
Esther Berry heading the list as
president of Roble and head sponsor
respectively, it was announced yes
terday. At the same time Jean Bry
ant was chosen head sponsor of L;i
gunita and Kay Powell of the Union
Unit.
Next year's senior sponsors in
clude Barbara Bovyer, Betty Breed
ing, Connie Crommelin, Olive Free
man, Barbara Gilbert, Jane Green
wood, Renee Holden, Mary Kay
Horton, Virginia McCloskey, Jeanne
Powell, and Jean Sichel.
JUNIOR SPONSORS
Lois Whitmore has been named
vice-president of Roble, and Mary
Etta Farrel will be the secretary
treasurer. Other juniors who will
be in Roble as sponsors are Mary
Beach, Isabel Gore, Mary June
Montgomery, Barbara Sweetland,
Anne Townsend, and Marlyn Whe
don.
Under the head sponsor n Union
will be Ruth McDonald, Mary Lou
ise Stong, and Marian Jackson,
while Jean Bryant in Lagunita will
be assisted by Alda Lehman, Betty
Lyman, Louise Payne, Claire Pfleu
ger and Barbara Ruth. Alice James
has been chosen as off - campus
sponsor.
The sponsor system, designed to
continue orientation of new stu
dents, both freshmen and transfers,
past the first few days of school, be
gan in 1923 when it. replaced the
"big-sister' custom which existed
up to that time.
STUDENT SELECTION
Originally selected by the Dean's
office and approved by President
Wilbur, the sponsors are now chosen
by a student committee and the li.st
is approved by Miss Yost and Dr.
Wilbur.
The committee was composed of
Carolyn Hibbard, president of Wom
en's Conference; Mary Sladen, vice
president; Betty Davis, vice-presi
dent of the student body; Harriet
Nash, Barbara Goodrich, Maxine
Dailey, and Mary Morris Boggs, all
graduating members of Women's
Council; Putzie Hinrichs, Anna May
Pettys, and Nan Allen, head spon
sors of Roble, Union, and Lagunita
this year.
Roble sponsors for 1939-40 have
been selected with Jean Bolton and
Esther Berry heading the list as
president of Roble and head sponsor
respectively, it was announced yes
terday. At the same time Jean Bry
ant was chosen head sponsor of L;i
gunita and Kay Powell of the Union
Unit.
Next year's senior sponsors in
clude Barbara Bovyer, Betty Breed
ing, Connie Crommelin, Olive Free
man, Barbara Gilbert, Jane Green
wood, Renee Holden, Mary Kay
Horton, Virginia McCloskey, Jeanne
Powell, and Jean Sichel.
JUNIOR SPONSORS
Lois Whitmore has been named
vice-president of Roble, and Mary
Etta Farrel will be the secretary
treasurer. Other juniors who will
be in Roble as sponsors are Mary
Beach, Isabel Gore, Mary June
Montgomery, Barbara Sweetland,
Anne Townsend, and Marlyn Whe
don.
Under the head sponsor n Union
will be Ruth McDonald, Mary Lou
ise Stong, and Marian Jackson,
while Jean Bryant in Lagunita will
be assisted by Alda Lehman, Betty
Lyman, Louise Payne, Claire Pfleu
ger and Barbara Ruth. Alice James
has been chosen as off - campus
sponsor.
The sponsor system, designed to
continue orientation of new stu
dents, both freshmen and transfers,
past the first few days of school, be
gan in 1923 when it. replaced the
"big-sister' custom which existed
up to that time.
STUDENT SELECTION
Originally selected by the Dean's
office and approved by President
Wilbur, the sponsors are now chosen
by a student committee and the li.st
is approved by Miss Yost and Dr.
Wilbur.
The committee was composed of
Carolyn Hibbard, president of Wom
en's Conference; Mary Sladen, vice
president; Betty Davis, vice-presi
dent of the student body; Harriet
Nash, Barbara Goodrich, Maxine
Dailey, and Mary Morris Boggs, all
graduating members of Women's
Council; Putzie Hinrichs, Anna May
Pettys, and Nan Allen, head spon
sors of Roble, Union, and Lagunita
this year.
Roble sponsors for 1939-40 have
been selected with Jean Bolton and
Esther Berry heading the list as
president of Roble and head sponsor
respectively, it was announced yes
terday. At the same time Jean Bry
ant was chosen head sponsor of L;i
gunita and Kay Powell of the Union
Unit.
Next year's senior sponsors in
clude Barbara Bovyer, Betty Breed
ing, Connie Crommelin, Olive Free
man, Barbara Gilbert, Jane Green
wood, Renee Holden, Mary Kay
Horton, Virginia McCloskey, Jeanne
Powell, and Jean Sichel.
JUNIOR SPONSORS
Lois Whitmore has been named
vice-president of Roble, and Mary
Etta Farrel will be the secretary
treasurer. Other juniors who will
be in Roble as sponsors are Mary
Beach, Isabel Gore, Mary June
Montgomery, Barbara Sweetland,
Anne Townsend, and Marlyn Whe
don.
Under the head sponsor n Union
will be Ruth McDonald, Mary Lou
ise Stong, and Marian Jackson,
while Jean Bryant in Lagunita will
be assisted by Alda Lehman, Betty
Lyman, Louise Payne, Claire Pfleu
ger and Barbara Ruth. Alice James
has been chosen as off - campus
sponsor.
The sponsor system, designed to
continue orientation of new stu
dents, both freshmen and transfers,
past the first few days of school, be
gan in 1923 when it. replaced the
"big-sister' custom which existed
up to that time.
STUDENT SELECTION
Originally selected by the Dean's
office and approved by President
Wilbur, the sponsors are now chosen
by a student committee and the li.st
is approved by Miss Yost and Dr.
Wilbur.
The committee was composed of
Carolyn Hibbard, president of Wom
en's Conference; Mary Sladen, vice
president; Betty Davis, vice-presi
dent of the student body; Harriet
Nash, Barbara Goodrich, Maxine
Dailey, and Mary Morris Boggs, all
graduating members of Women's
Council; Putzie Hinrichs, Anna May
Pettys, and Nan Allen, head spon
sors of Roble, Union, and Lagunita
this year.
Roble sponsors for 1939-40 have
been selected with Jean Bolton and
Esther Berry heading the list as
president of Roble and head sponsor
respectively, it was announced yes
terday. At the same time Jean Bry
ant was chosen head sponsor of L;i
gunita and Kay Powell of the Union
Unit.
Next year's senior sponsors in
clude Barbara Bovyer, Betty Breed
ing, Connie Crommelin, Olive Free
man, Barbara Gilbert, Jane Green
wood, Renee Holden, Mary Kay
Horton, Virginia McCloskey, Jeanne
Powell, and Jean Sichel.
JUNIOR SPONSORS
Lois Whitmore has been named
vice-president of Roble, and Mary
Etta Farrel will be the secretary
treasurer. Other juniors who will
be in Roble as sponsors are Mary
Beach, Isabel Gore, Mary June
Montgomery, Barbara Sweetland,
Anne Townsend, and Marlyn Whe
don.
Under the head sponsor n Union
will be Ruth McDonald, Mary Lou
ise Stong, and Marian Jackson,
while Jean Bryant in Lagunita will
be assisted by Alda Lehman, Betty
Lyman, Louise Payne, Claire Pfleu
ger and Barbara Ruth. Alice James
has been chosen as off - campus
sponsor.
The sponsor system, designed to
continue orientation of new stu
dents, both freshmen and transfers,
past the first few days of school, be
gan in 1923 when it. replaced the
"big-sister' custom which existed
up to that time.
STUDENT SELECTION
Originally selected by the Dean's
office and approved by President
Wilbur, the sponsors are now chosen
by a student committee and the li.st
is approved by Miss Yost and Dr.
Wilbur.
The committee was composed of
Carolyn Hibbard, president of Wom
en's Conference; Mary Sladen, vice
president; Betty Davis, vice-presi
dent of the student body; Harriet
Nash, Barbara Goodrich, Maxine
Dailey, and Mary Morris Boggs, all
graduating members of Women's
Council; Putzie Hinrichs, Anna May
Pettys, and Nan Allen, head spon
sors of Roble, Union, and Lagunita
this year.
Roble sponsors for 1939-40 have
been selected with Jean Bolton and
Esther Berry heading the list as
president of Roble and head sponsor
respectively, it was announced yes
terday. At the same time Jean Bry
ant was chosen head sponsor of L;i
gunita and Kay Powell of the Union
Unit.
Next year's senior sponsors in
clude Barbara Bovyer, Betty Breed
ing, Connie Crommelin, Olive Free
man, Barbara Gilbert, Jane Green
wood, Renee Holden, Mary Kay
Horton, Virginia McCloskey, Jeanne
Powell, and Jean Sichel.
JUNIOR SPONSORS
Lois Whitmore has been named
vice-president of Roble, and Mary
Etta Farrel will be the secretary
treasurer. Other juniors who will
be in Roble as sponsors are Mary
Beach, Isabel Gore, Mary June
Montgomery, Barbara Sweetland,
Anne Townsend, and Marlyn Whe
don.
Under the head sponsor n Union
will be Ruth McDonald, Mary Lou
ise Stong, and Marian Jackson,
while Jean Bryant in Lagunita will
be assisted by Alda Lehman, Betty
Lyman, Louise Payne, Claire Pfleu
ger and Barbara Ruth. Alice James
has been chosen as off - campus
sponsor.
The sponsor system, designed to
continue orientation of new stu
dents, both freshmen and transfers,
past the first few days of school, be
gan in 1923 when it. replaced the
"big-sister' custom which existed
up to that time.
STUDENT SELECTION
Originally selected by the Dean's
office and approved by President
Wilbur, the sponsors are now chosen
by a student committee and the li.st
is approved by Miss Yost and Dr.
Wilbur.
The committee was composed of
Carolyn Hibbard, president of Wom
en's Conference; Mary Sladen, vice
president; Betty Davis, vice-presi
dent of the student body; Harriet
Nash, Barbara Goodrich, Maxine
Dailey, and Mary Morris Boggs, all
graduating members of Women's
Council; Putzie Hinrichs, Anna May
Pettys, and Nan Allen, head spon
sors of Roble, Union, and Lagunita
this year.
Roble sponsors for 1939-40 have
been selected with Jean Bolton and
Esther Berry heading the list as
president of Roble and head sponsor
respectively, it was announced yes
terday. At the same time Jean Bry
ant was chosen head sponsor of L;i
gunita and Kay Powell of the Union
Unit.
Next year's senior sponsors in
clude Barbara Bovyer, Betty Breed
ing, Connie Crommelin, Olive Free
man, Barbara Gilbert, Jane Green
wood, Renee Holden, Mary Kay
Horton, Virginia McCloskey, Jeanne
Powell, and Jean Sichel.
JUNIOR SPONSORS
Lois Whitmore has been named
vice-president of Roble, and Mary
Etta Farrel will be the secretary
treasurer. Other juniors who will
be in Roble as sponsors are Mary
Beach, Isabel Gore, Mary June
Montgomery, Barbara Sweetland,
Anne Townsend, and Marlyn Whe
don.
Under the head sponsor n Union
will be Ruth McDonald, Mary Lou
ise Stong, and Marian Jackson,
while Jean Bryant in Lagunita will
be assisted by Alda Lehman, Betty
Lyman, Louise Payne, Claire Pfleu
ger and Barbara Ruth. Alice James
has been chosen as off - campus
sponsor.
The sponsor system, designed to
continue orientation of new stu
dents, both freshmen and transfers,
past the first few days of school, be
gan in 1923 when it. replaced the
"big-sister' custom which existed
up to that time.
STUDENT SELECTION
Originally selected by the Dean's
office and approved by President
Wilbur, the sponsors are now chosen
by a student committee and the li.st
is approved by Miss Yost and Dr.
Wilbur.
The committee was composed of
Carolyn Hibbard, president of Wom
en's Conference; Mary Sladen, vice
president; Betty Davis, vice-presi
dent of the student body; Harriet
Nash, Barbara Goodrich, Maxine
Dailey, and Mary Morris Boggs, all
graduating members of Women's
Council; Putzie Hinrichs, Anna May
Pettys, and Nan Allen, head spon
sors of Roble, Union, and Lagunita
this year.
Roble sponsors for 1939-40 have
been selected with Jean Bolton and
Esther Berry heading the list as
president of Roble and head sponsor
respectively, it was announced yes
terday. At the same time Jean Bry
ant was chosen head sponsor of L;i
gunita and Kay Powell of the Union
Unit.
Next year's senior sponsors in
clude Barbara Bovyer, Betty Breed
ing, Connie Crommelin, Olive Free
man, Barbara Gilbert, Jane Green
wood, Renee Holden, Mary Kay
Horton, Virginia McCloskey, Jeanne
Powell, and Jean Sichel.
JUNIOR SPONSORS
Lois Whitmore has been named
vice-president of Roble, and Mary
Etta Farrel will be the secretary
treasurer. Other juniors who will
be in Roble as sponsors are Mary
Beach, Isabel Gore, Mary June
Montgomery, Barbara Sweetland,
Anne Townsend, and Marlyn Whe
don.
Under the head sponsor n Union
will be Ruth McDonald, Mary Lou
ise Stong, and Marian Jackson,
while Jean Bryant in Lagunita will
be assisted by Alda Lehman, Betty
Lyman, Louise Payne, Claire Pfleu
ger and Barbara Ruth. Alice James
has been chosen as off - campus
sponsor.
The sponsor system, designed to
continue orientation of new stu
dents, both freshmen and transfers,
past the first few days of school, be
gan in 1923 when it. replaced the
"big-sister' custom which existed
up to that time.
STUDENT SELECTION
Originally selected by the Dean's
office and approved by President
Wilbur, the sponsors are now chosen
by a student committee and the li.st
is approved by Miss Yost and Dr.
Wilbur.
The committee was composed of
Carolyn Hibbard, president of Wom
en's Conference; Mary Sladen, vice
president; Betty Davis, vice-presi
dent of the student body; Harriet
Nash, Barbara Goodrich, Maxine
Dailey, and Mary Morris Boggs, all
graduating members of Women's
Council; Putzie Hinrichs, Anna May
Pettys, and Nan Allen, head spon
sors of Roble, Union, and Lagunita
this year.
Roble sponsors for 1939-40 have
been selected with Jean Bolton and
Esther Berry heading the list as
president of Roble and head sponsor
respectively, it was announced yes
terday. At the same time Jean Bry
ant was chosen head sponsor of L;i
gunita and Kay Powell of the Union
Unit.
Next year's senior sponsors in
clude Barbara Bovyer, Betty Breed
ing, Connie Crommelin, Olive Free
man, Barbara Gilbert, Jane Green
wood, Renee Holden, Mary Kay
Horton, Virginia McCloskey, Jeanne
Powell, and Jean Sichel.
JUNIOR SPONSORS
Lois Whitmore has been named
vice-president of Roble, and Mary
Etta Farrel will be the secretary
treasurer. Other juniors who will
be in Roble as sponsors are Mary
Beach, Isabel Gore, Mary June
Montgomery, Barbara Sweetland,
Anne Townsend, and Marlyn Whe
don.
Under the head sponsor n Union
will be Ruth McDonald, Mary Lou
ise Stong, and Marian Jackson,
while Jean Bryant in Lagunita will
be assisted by Alda Lehman, Betty
Lyman, Louise Payne, Claire Pfleu
ger and Barbara Ruth. Alice James
has been chosen as off - campus
sponsor.
The sponsor system, designed to
continue orientation of new stu
dents, both freshmen and transfers,
past the first few days of school, be
gan in 1923 when it. replaced the
"big-sister' custom which existed
up to that time.
STUDENT SELECTION
Originally selected by the Dean's
office and approved by President
Wilbur, the sponsors are now chosen
by a student committee and the li.st
is approved by Miss Yost and Dr.
Wilbur.
The committee was composed of
Carolyn Hibbard, president of Wom
en's Conference; Mary Sladen, vice
president; Betty Davis, vice-presi
dent of the student body; Harriet
Nash, Barbara Goodrich, Maxine
Dailey, and Mary Morris Boggs, all
graduating members of Women's
Council; Putzie Hinrichs, Anna May
Pettys, and Nan Allen, head spon
sors of Roble, Union, and Lagunita
this year.
Roble sponsors for 1939-40 have
been selected with Jean Bolton and
Esther Berry heading the list as
president of Roble and head sponsor
respectively, it was announced yes
terday. At the same time Jean Bry
ant was chosen head sponsor of L;i
gunita and Kay Powell of the Union
Unit.
Next year's senior sponsors in
clude Barbara Bovyer, Betty Breed
ing, Connie Crommelin, Olive Free
man, Barbara Gilbert, Jane Green
wood, Renee Holden, Mary Kay
Horton, Virginia McCloskey, Jeanne
Powell, and Jean Sichel.
JUNIOR SPONSORS
Lois Whitmore has been named
vice-president of Roble, and Mary
Etta Farrel will be the secretary
treasurer. Other juniors who will
be in Roble as sponsors are Mary
Beach, Isabel Gore, Mary June
Montgomery, Barbara Sweetland,
Anne Townsend, and Marlyn Whe
don.
Under the head sponsor n Union
will be Ruth McDonald, Mary Lou
ise Stong, and Marian Jackson,
while Jean Bryant in Lagunita will
be assisted by Alda Lehman, Betty
Lyman, Louise Payne, Claire Pfleu
ger and Barbara Ruth. Alice James
has been chosen as off - campus
sponsor.
The sponsor system, designed to
continue orientation of new stu
dents, both freshmen and transfers,
past the first few days of school, be
gan in 1923 when it. replaced the
"big-sister' custom which existed
up to that time.
STUDENT SELECTION
Originally selected by the Dean's
office and approved by President
Wilbur, the sponsors are now chosen
by a student committee and the li.st
is approved by Miss Yost and Dr.
Wilbur.
The committee was composed of
Carolyn Hibbard, president of Wom
en's Conference; Mary Sladen, vice
president; Betty Davis, vice-presi
dent of the student body; Harriet
Nash, Barbara Goodrich, Maxine
Dailey, and Mary Morris Boggs, all
graduating members of Women's
Council; Putzie Hinrichs, Anna May
Pettys, and Nan Allen, head spon
sors of Roble, Union, and Lagunita
this year.
Roble sponsors for 1939-40 have
been selected with Jean Bolton and
Esther Berry heading the list as
president of Roble and head sponsor
respectively, it was announced yes
terday. At the same time Jean Bry
ant was chosen head sponsor of L;i
gunita and Kay Powell of the Union
Unit.
Next year's senior sponsors in
clude Barbara Bovyer, Betty Breed
ing, Connie Crommelin, Olive Free
man, Barbara Gilbert, Jane Green
wood, Renee Holden, Mary Kay
Horton, Virginia McCloskey, Jeanne
Powell, and Jean Sichel.
JUNIOR SPONSORS
Lois Whitmore has been named
vice-president of Roble, and Mary
Etta Farrel will be the secretary
treasurer. Other juniors who will
be in Roble as sponsors are Mary
Beach, Isabel Gore, Mary June
Montgomery, Barbara Sweetland,
Anne Townsend, and Marlyn Whe
don.
Under the head sponsor n Union
will be Ruth McDonald, Mary Lou
ise Stong, and Marian Jackson,
while Jean Bryant in Lagunita will
be assisted by Alda Lehman, Betty
Lyman, Louise Payne, Claire Pfleu
ger and Barbara Ruth. Alice James
has been chosen as off - campus
sponsor.
The sponsor system, designed to
continue orientation of new stu
dents, both freshmen and transfers,
past the first few days of school, be
gan in 1923 when it. replaced the
"big-sister' custom which existed
up to that time.
STUDENT SELECTION
Originally selected by the Dean's
office and approved by President
Wilbur, the sponsors are now chosen
by a student committee and the li.st
is approved by Miss Yost and Dr.
Wilbur.
The committee was composed of
Carolyn Hibbard, president of Wom
en's Conference; Mary Sladen, vice
president; Betty Davis, vice-presi
dent of the student body; Harriet
Nash, Barbara Goodrich, Maxine
Dailey, and Mary Morris Boggs, all
graduating members of Women's
Council; Putzie Hinrichs, Anna May
Pettys, and Nan Allen, head spon
sors of Roble, Union, and Lagunita
this year.
Roble sponsors for 1939-40 have
been selected with Jean Bolton and
Esther Berry heading the list as
president of Roble and head sponsor
respectively, it was announced yes
terday. At the same time Jean Bry
ant was chosen head sponsor of L;i
gunita and Kay Powell of the Union
Unit.
Next year's senior sponsors in
clude Barbara Bovyer, Betty Breed
ing, Connie Crommelin, Olive Free
man, Barbara Gilbert, Jane Green
wood, Renee Holden, Mary Kay
Horton, Virginia McCloskey, Jeanne
Powell, and Jean Sichel.
JUNIOR SPONSORS
Lois Whitmore has been named
vice-president of Roble, and Mary
Etta Farrel will be the secretary
treasurer. Other juniors who will
be in Roble as sponsors are Mary
Beach, Isabel Gore, Mary June
Montgomery, Barbara Sweetland,
Anne Townsend, and Marlyn Whe
don.
Under the head sponsor n Union
will be Ruth McDonald, Mary Lou
ise Stong, and Marian Jackson,
while Jean Bryant in Lagunita will
be assisted by Alda Lehman, Betty
Lyman, Louise Payne, Claire Pfleu
ger and Barbara Ruth. Alice James
has been chosen as off - campus
sponsor.
The sponsor system, designed to
continue orientation of new stu
dents, both freshmen and transfers,
past the first few days of school, be
gan in 1923 when it. replaced the
"big-sister' custom which existed
up to that time.
STUDENT SELECTION
Originally selected by the Dean's
office and approved by President
Wilbur, the sponsors are now chosen
by a student committee and the li.st
is approved by Miss Yost and Dr.
Wilbur.
The committee was composed of
Carolyn Hibbard, president of Wom
en's Conference; Mary Sladen, vice
president; Betty Davis, vice-presi
dent of the student body; Harriet
Nash, Barbara Goodrich, Maxine
Dailey, and Mary Morris Boggs, all
graduating members of Women's
Council; Putzie Hinrichs, Anna May
Pettys, and Nan Allen, head spon
sors of Roble, Union, and Lagunita
this year.
Roble sponsors for 1939-40 have
been selected with Jean Bolton and
Esther Berry heading the list as
president of Roble and head sponsor
respectively, it was announced yes
terday. At the same time Jean Bry
ant was chosen head sponsor of L;i
gunita and Kay Powell of the Union
Unit.
Next year's senior sponsors in
clude Barbara Bovyer, Betty Breed
ing, Connie Crommelin, Olive Free
man, Barbara Gilbert, Jane Green
wood, Renee Holden, Mary Kay
Horton, Virginia McCloskey, Jeanne
Powell, and Jean Sichel.
JUNIOR SPONSORS
Lois Whitmore has been named
vice-president of Roble, and Mary
Etta Farrel will be the secretary
treasurer. Other juniors who will
be in Roble as sponsors are Mary
Beach, Isabel Gore, Mary June
Montgomery, Barbara Sweetland,
Anne Townsend, and Marlyn Whe
don.
Under the head sponsor n Union
will be Ruth McDonald, Mary Lou
ise Stong, and Marian Jackson,
while Jean Bryant in Lagunita will
be assisted by Alda Lehman, Betty
Lyman, Louise Payne, Claire Pfleu
ger and Barbara Ruth. Alice James
has been chosen as off - campus
sponsor.
The sponsor system, designed to
continue orientation of new stu
dents, both freshmen and transfers,
past the first few days of school, be
gan in 1923 when it. replaced the
"big-sister' custom which existed
up to that time.
STUDENT SELECTION
Originally selected by the Dean's
office and approved by President
Wilbur, the sponsors are now chosen
by a student committee and the li.st
is approved by Miss Yost and Dr.
Wilbur.
The committee was composed of
Carolyn Hibbard, president of Wom
en's Conference; Mary Sladen, vice
president; Betty Davis, vice-presi
dent of the student body; Harriet
Nash, Barbara Goodrich, Maxine
Dailey, and Mary Morris Boggs, all
graduating members of Women's
Council; Putzie Hinrichs, Anna May
Pettys, and Nan Allen, head spon
sors of Roble, Union, and Lagunita
this year.
