# Shoemaker' To Be Played By Wilson
## 
### 
What happens when a lowly shoe
maker bccomes Lord Mayor of Lon
don will be revealed to the Campus
this Thursday night when the Divi
sion of Speech and Drama presents
its version of Thomas Dekkcr's 17th
century comedy, "The Shoemaker's
Holiday."
A Shakespearean play acted in the
baroque manner, but with the play
ers in modern dress, will serve to
heighten the comedy of this rollick
ing farce. There will be no props
used and the backgrounds will be
projected onto the cyclorama, thus
combining an ancient play with ex
tremely modern presentation meth
ods.
WILSON IN LEAD
In the part of Simon Eyre, the
Shoemaker, will be Asher Wilson,
who has played other high comedy
roles in both "Mask and Face" and
"Royal Family." His work as the
vindictive landlord in "A Night's
Lodging" will also be remembered.
The plot of the "Shoemaker" con
cerns a prosperous shoemaker who
is appointed Lord Mayor of London,
and through this is able to realize
his life-long dream of a sort of shoe
maker's convention in the city of
London.
ROMANTIC. REALISTIC
Dekkcr's play is a sort of transi
tion between the romantic and real
ist school of dramatics, and while
Dekker was a contemporary of
Shakespeare, his work is not en
tirely in the Elizabethan spirit.
"Shoemaker" is in the romantic
tradition as long as it deals with
the miraculous rise of the shoe
maker himself, but it becomes real
istic and almost modern when it
tells of the love problems of Lacy
and Rose whose families object to
their marriage.
What happens when a lowly shoe
maker bccomes Lord Mayor of Lon
don will be revealed to the Campus
this Thursday night when the Divi
sion of Speech and Drama presents
its version of Thomas Dekkcr's 17th
century comedy, "The Shoemaker's
Holiday."
A Shakespearean play acted in the
baroque manner, but with the play
ers in modern dress, will serve to
heighten the comedy of this rollick
ing farce. There will be no props
used and the backgrounds will be
projected onto the cyclorama, thus
combining an ancient play with ex
tremely modern presentation meth
ods.
WILSON IN LEAD
In the part of Simon Eyre, the
Shoemaker, will be Asher Wilson,
who has played other high comedy
roles in both "Mask and Face" and
"Royal Family." His work as the
vindictive landlord in "A Night's
Lodging" will also be remembered.
The plot of the "Shoemaker" con
cerns a prosperous shoemaker who
is appointed Lord Mayor of London,
and through this is able to realize
his life-long dream of a sort of shoe
maker's convention in the city of
London.
ROMANTIC. REALISTIC
Dekkcr's play is a sort of transi
tion between the romantic and real
ist school of dramatics, and while
Dekker was a contemporary of
Shakespeare, his work is not en
tirely in the Elizabethan spirit.
"Shoemaker" is in the romantic
tradition as long as it deals with
the miraculous rise of the shoe
maker himself, but it becomes real
istic and almost modern when it
tells of the love problems of Lacy
and Rose whose families object to
their marriage.
What happens when a lowly shoe
maker bccomes Lord Mayor of Lon
don will be revealed to the Campus
this Thursday night when the Divi
sion of Speech and Drama presents
its version of Thomas Dekkcr's 17th
century comedy, "The Shoemaker's
Holiday."
A Shakespearean play acted in the
baroque manner, but with the play
ers in modern dress, will serve to
heighten the comedy of this rollick
ing farce. There will be no props
used and the backgrounds will be
projected onto the cyclorama, thus
combining an ancient play with ex
tremely modern presentation meth
ods.
WILSON IN LEAD
In the part of Simon Eyre, the
Shoemaker, will be Asher Wilson,
who has played other high comedy
roles in both "Mask and Face" and
"Royal Family." His work as the
vindictive landlord in "A Night's
Lodging" will also be remembered.
The plot of the "Shoemaker" con
cerns a prosperous shoemaker who
is appointed Lord Mayor of London,
and through this is able to realize
his life-long dream of a sort of shoe
maker's convention in the city of
London.
ROMANTIC. REALISTIC
Dekkcr's play is a sort of transi
tion between the romantic and real
ist school of dramatics, and while
Dekker was a contemporary of
Shakespeare, his work is not en
tirely in the Elizabethan spirit.
"Shoemaker" is in the romantic
tradition as long as it deals with
the miraculous rise of the shoe
maker himself, but it becomes real
istic and almost modern when it
tells of the love problems of Lacy
and Rose whose families object to
their marriage.
What happens when a lowly shoe
maker bccomes Lord Mayor of Lon
don will be revealed to the Campus
this Thursday night when the Divi
sion of Speech and Drama presents
its version of Thomas Dekkcr's 17th
century comedy, "The Shoemaker's
Holiday."
A Shakespearean play acted in the
baroque manner, but with the play
ers in modern dress, will serve to
heighten the comedy of this rollick
ing farce. There will be no props
used and the backgrounds will be
projected onto the cyclorama, thus
combining an ancient play with ex
tremely modern presentation meth
ods.
WILSON IN LEAD
In the part of Simon Eyre, the
Shoemaker, will be Asher Wilson,
who has played other high comedy
roles in both "Mask and Face" and
"Royal Family." His work as the
vindictive landlord in "A Night's
Lodging" will also be remembered.
The plot of the "Shoemaker" con
cerns a prosperous shoemaker who
is appointed Lord Mayor of London,
and through this is able to realize
his life-long dream of a sort of shoe
maker's convention in the city of
London.
ROMANTIC. REALISTIC
Dekkcr's play is a sort of transi
tion between the romantic and real
ist school of dramatics, and while
Dekker was a contemporary of
Shakespeare, his work is not en
tirely in the Elizabethan spirit.
"Shoemaker" is in the romantic
tradition as long as it deals with
the miraculous rise of the shoe
maker himself, but it becomes real
istic and almost modern when it
tells of the love problems of Lacy
and Rose whose families object to
their marriage.
What happens when a lowly shoe
maker bccomes Lord Mayor of Lon
don will be revealed to the Campus
this Thursday night when the Divi
sion of Speech and Drama presents
its version of Thomas Dekkcr's 17th
century comedy, "The Shoemaker's
Holiday."
A Shakespearean play acted in the
baroque manner, but with the play
ers in modern dress, will serve to
heighten the comedy of this rollick
ing farce. There will be no props
used and the backgrounds will be
projected onto the cyclorama, thus
combining an ancient play with ex
tremely modern presentation meth
ods.
WILSON IN LEAD
In the part of Simon Eyre, the
Shoemaker, will be Asher Wilson,
who has played other high comedy
roles in both "Mask and Face" and
"Royal Family." His work as the
vindictive landlord in "A Night's
Lodging" will also be remembered.
The plot of the "Shoemaker" con
cerns a prosperous shoemaker who
is appointed Lord Mayor of London,
and through this is able to realize
his life-long dream of a sort of shoe
maker's convention in the city of
London.
ROMANTIC. REALISTIC
Dekkcr's play is a sort of transi
tion between the romantic and real
ist school of dramatics, and while
Dekker was a contemporary of
Shakespeare, his work is not en
tirely in the Elizabethan spirit.
"Shoemaker" is in the romantic
tradition as long as it deals with
the miraculous rise of the shoe
maker himself, but it becomes real
istic and almost modern when it
tells of the love problems of Lacy
and Rose whose families object to
their marriage.
What happens when a lowly shoe
maker bccomes Lord Mayor of Lon
don will be revealed to the Campus
this Thursday night when the Divi
sion of Speech and Drama presents
its version of Thomas Dekkcr's 17th
century comedy, "The Shoemaker's
Holiday."
A Shakespearean play acted in the
baroque manner, but with the play
ers in modern dress, will serve to
heighten the comedy of this rollick
ing farce. There will be no props
used and the backgrounds will be
projected onto the cyclorama, thus
combining an ancient play with ex
tremely modern presentation meth
ods.
WILSON IN LEAD
In the part of Simon Eyre, the
Shoemaker, will be Asher Wilson,
who has played other high comedy
roles in both "Mask and Face" and
"Royal Family." His work as the
vindictive landlord in "A Night's
Lodging" will also be remembered.
The plot of the "Shoemaker" con
cerns a prosperous shoemaker who
is appointed Lord Mayor of London,
and through this is able to realize
his life-long dream of a sort of shoe
maker's convention in the city of
London.
ROMANTIC. REALISTIC
Dekkcr's play is a sort of transi
tion between the romantic and real
ist school of dramatics, and while
Dekker was a contemporary of
Shakespeare, his work is not en
tirely in the Elizabethan spirit.
"Shoemaker" is in the romantic
tradition as long as it deals with
the miraculous rise of the shoe
maker himself, but it becomes real
istic and almost modern when it
tells of the love problems of Lacy
and Rose whose families object to
their marriage.
What happens when a lowly shoe
maker bccomes Lord Mayor of Lon
don will be revealed to the Campus
this Thursday night when the Divi
sion of Speech and Drama presents
its version of Thomas Dekkcr's 17th
century comedy, "The Shoemaker's
Holiday."
A Shakespearean play acted in the
baroque manner, but with the play
ers in modern dress, will serve to
heighten the comedy of this rollick
ing farce. There will be no props
used and the backgrounds will be
projected onto the cyclorama, thus
combining an ancient play with ex
tremely modern presentation meth
ods.
WILSON IN LEAD
In the part of Simon Eyre, the
Shoemaker, will be Asher Wilson,
who has played other high comedy
roles in both "Mask and Face" and
"Royal Family." His work as the
vindictive landlord in "A Night's
Lodging" will also be remembered.
The plot of the "Shoemaker" con
cerns a prosperous shoemaker who
is appointed Lord Mayor of London,
and through this is able to realize
his life-long dream of a sort of shoe
maker's convention in the city of
London.
ROMANTIC. REALISTIC
Dekkcr's play is a sort of transi
tion between the romantic and real
ist school of dramatics, and while
Dekker was a contemporary of
Shakespeare, his work is not en
tirely in the Elizabethan spirit.
"Shoemaker" is in the romantic
tradition as long as it deals with
the miraculous rise of the shoe
maker himself, but it becomes real
istic and almost modern when it
tells of the love problems of Lacy
and Rose whose families object to
their marriage.
What happens when a lowly shoe
maker bccomes Lord Mayor of Lon
don will be revealed to the Campus
this Thursday night when the Divi
sion of Speech and Drama presents
its version of Thomas Dekkcr's 17th
century comedy, "The Shoemaker's
Holiday."
A Shakespearean play acted in the
baroque manner, but with the play
ers in modern dress, will serve to
heighten the comedy of this rollick
ing farce. There will be no props
used and the backgrounds will be
projected onto the cyclorama, thus
combining an ancient play with ex
tremely modern presentation meth
ods.
WILSON IN LEAD
In the part of Simon Eyre, the
Shoemaker, will be Asher Wilson,
who has played other high comedy
roles in both "Mask and Face" and
"Royal Family." His work as the
vindictive landlord in "A Night's
Lodging" will also be remembered.
The plot of the "Shoemaker" con
cerns a prosperous shoemaker who
is appointed Lord Mayor of London,
and through this is able to realize
his life-long dream of a sort of shoe
maker's convention in the city of
London.
ROMANTIC. REALISTIC
Dekkcr's play is a sort of transi
tion between the romantic and real
ist school of dramatics, and while
Dekker was a contemporary of
Shakespeare, his work is not en
tirely in the Elizabethan spirit.
"Shoemaker" is in the romantic
tradition as long as it deals with
the miraculous rise of the shoe
maker himself, but it becomes real
istic and almost modern when it
tells of the love problems of Lacy
and Rose whose families object to
their marriage.
What happens when a lowly shoe
maker bccomes Lord Mayor of Lon
don will be revealed to the Campus
this Thursday night when the Divi
sion of Speech and Drama presents
its version of Thomas Dekkcr's 17th
century comedy, "The Shoemaker's
Holiday."
A Shakespearean play acted in the
baroque manner, but with the play
ers in modern dress, will serve to
heighten the comedy of this rollick
ing farce. There will be no props
used and the backgrounds will be
projected onto the cyclorama, thus
combining an ancient play with ex
tremely modern presentation meth
ods.
WILSON IN LEAD
In the part of Simon Eyre, the
Shoemaker, will be Asher Wilson,
who has played other high comedy
roles in both "Mask and Face" and
"Royal Family." His work as the
vindictive landlord in "A Night's
Lodging" will also be remembered.
The plot of the "Shoemaker" con
cerns a prosperous shoemaker who
is appointed Lord Mayor of London,
and through this is able to realize
his life-long dream of a sort of shoe
maker's convention in the city of
London.
ROMANTIC. REALISTIC
Dekkcr's play is a sort of transi
tion between the romantic and real
ist school of dramatics, and while
Dekker was a contemporary of
Shakespeare, his work is not en
tirely in the Elizabethan spirit.
"Shoemaker" is in the romantic
tradition as long as it deals with
the miraculous rise of the shoe
maker himself, but it becomes real
istic and almost modern when it
tells of the love problems of Lacy
and Rose whose families object to
their marriage.
What happens when a lowly shoe
maker bccomes Lord Mayor of Lon
don will be revealed to the Campus
this Thursday night when the Divi
sion of Speech and Drama presents
its version of Thomas Dekkcr's 17th
century comedy, "The Shoemaker's
Holiday."
A Shakespearean play acted in the
baroque manner, but with the play
ers in modern dress, will serve to
heighten the comedy of this rollick
ing farce. There will be no props
used and the backgrounds will be
projected onto the cyclorama, thus
combining an ancient play with ex
tremely modern presentation meth
ods.
WILSON IN LEAD
In the part of Simon Eyre, the
Shoemaker, will be Asher Wilson,
who has played other high comedy
roles in both "Mask and Face" and
"Royal Family." His work as the
vindictive landlord in "A Night's
Lodging" will also be remembered.
The plot of the "Shoemaker" con
cerns a prosperous shoemaker who
is appointed Lord Mayor of London,
and through this is able to realize
his life-long dream of a sort of shoe
maker's convention in the city of
London.
ROMANTIC. REALISTIC
Dekkcr's play is a sort of transi
tion between the romantic and real
ist school of dramatics, and while
Dekker was a contemporary of
Shakespeare, his work is not en
tirely in the Elizabethan spirit.
"Shoemaker" is in the romantic
tradition as long as it deals with
the miraculous rise of the shoe
maker himself, but it becomes real
istic and almost modern when it
tells of the love problems of Lacy
and Rose whose families object to
their marriage.
What happens when a lowly shoe
maker bccomes Lord Mayor of Lon
don will be revealed to the Campus
this Thursday night when the Divi
sion of Speech and Drama presents
its version of Thomas Dekkcr's 17th
century comedy, "The Shoemaker's
Holiday."
A Shakespearean play acted in the
baroque manner, but with the play
ers in modern dress, will serve to
heighten the comedy of this rollick
ing farce. There will be no props
used and the backgrounds will be
projected onto the cyclorama, thus
combining an ancient play with ex
tremely modern presentation meth
ods.
WILSON IN LEAD
In the part of Simon Eyre, the
Shoemaker, will be Asher Wilson,
who has played other high comedy
roles in both "Mask and Face" and
"Royal Family." His work as the
vindictive landlord in "A Night's
Lodging" will also be remembered.
The plot of the "Shoemaker" con
cerns a prosperous shoemaker who
is appointed Lord Mayor of London,
and through this is able to realize
his life-long dream of a sort of shoe
maker's convention in the city of
London.
ROMANTIC. REALISTIC
Dekkcr's play is a sort of transi
tion between the romantic and real
ist school of dramatics, and while
Dekker was a contemporary of
Shakespeare, his work is not en
tirely in the Elizabethan spirit.
"Shoemaker" is in the romantic
tradition as long as it deals with
the miraculous rise of the shoe
maker himself, but it becomes real
istic and almost modern when it
tells of the love problems of Lacy
and Rose whose families object to
their marriage.
What happens when a lowly shoe
maker bccomes Lord Mayor of Lon
don will be revealed to the Campus
this Thursday night when the Divi
sion of Speech and Drama presents
its version of Thomas Dekkcr's 17th
century comedy, "The Shoemaker's
Holiday."
A Shakespearean play acted in the
baroque manner, but with the play
ers in modern dress, will serve to
heighten the comedy of this rollick
ing farce. There will be no props
used and the backgrounds will be
projected onto the cyclorama, thus
combining an ancient play with ex
tremely modern presentation meth
ods.
WILSON IN LEAD
In the part of Simon Eyre, the
Shoemaker, will be Asher Wilson,
who has played other high comedy
roles in both "Mask and Face" and
"Royal Family." His work as the
vindictive landlord in "A Night's
Lodging" will also be remembered.
The plot of the "Shoemaker" con
cerns a prosperous shoemaker who
is appointed Lord Mayor of London,
and through this is able to realize
his life-long dream of a sort of shoe
maker's convention in the city of
London.
ROMANTIC. REALISTIC
Dekkcr's play is a sort of transi
tion between the romantic and real
ist school of dramatics, and while
Dekker was a contemporary of
Shakespeare, his work is not en
tirely in the Elizabethan spirit.
"Shoemaker" is in the romantic
tradition as long as it deals with
the miraculous rise of the shoe
maker himself, but it becomes real
istic and almost modern when it
tells of the love problems of Lacy
and Rose whose families object to
their marriage.
What happens when a lowly shoe
maker bccomes Lord Mayor of Lon
don will be revealed to the Campus
this Thursday night when the Divi
sion of Speech and Drama presents
its version of Thomas Dekkcr's 17th
century comedy, "The Shoemaker's
Holiday."
A Shakespearean play acted in the
baroque manner, but with the play
ers in modern dress, will serve to
heighten the comedy of this rollick
ing farce. There will be no props
used and the backgrounds will be
projected onto the cyclorama, thus
combining an ancient play with ex
tremely modern presentation meth
ods.
WILSON IN LEAD
In the part of Simon Eyre, the
Shoemaker, will be Asher Wilson,
who has played other high comedy
roles in both "Mask and Face" and
"Royal Family." His work as the
vindictive landlord in "A Night's
Lodging" will also be remembered.
The plot of the "Shoemaker" con
cerns a prosperous shoemaker who
is appointed Lord Mayor of London,
and through this is able to realize
his life-long dream of a sort of shoe
maker's convention in the city of
London.
ROMANTIC. REALISTIC
Dekkcr's play is a sort of transi
tion between the romantic and real
ist school of dramatics, and while
Dekker was a contemporary of
Shakespeare, his work is not en
tirely in the Elizabethan spirit.
"Shoemaker" is in the romantic
tradition as long as it deals with
the miraculous rise of the shoe
maker himself, but it becomes real
istic and almost modern when it
tells of the love problems of Lacy
and Rose whose families object to
their marriage.
What happens when a lowly shoe
maker bccomes Lord Mayor of Lon
don will be revealed to the Campus
this Thursday night when the Divi
sion of Speech and Drama presents
its version of Thomas Dekkcr's 17th
century comedy, "The Shoemaker's
Holiday."
A Shakespearean play acted in the
baroque manner, but with the play
ers in modern dress, will serve to
heighten the comedy of this rollick
ing farce. There will be no props
used and the backgrounds will be
projected onto the cyclorama, thus
combining an ancient play with ex
tremely modern presentation meth
ods.
WILSON IN LEAD
In the part of Simon Eyre, the
Shoemaker, will be Asher Wilson,
who has played other high comedy
roles in both "Mask and Face" and
"Royal Family." His work as the
vindictive landlord in "A Night's
Lodging" will also be remembered.
The plot of the "Shoemaker" con
cerns a prosperous shoemaker who
is appointed Lord Mayor of London,
and through this is able to realize
his life-long dream of a sort of shoe
maker's convention in the city of
London.
ROMANTIC. REALISTIC
Dekkcr's play is a sort of transi
tion between the romantic and real
ist school of dramatics, and while
Dekker was a contemporary of
Shakespeare, his work is not en
tirely in the Elizabethan spirit.
"Shoemaker" is in the romantic
tradition as long as it deals with
the miraculous rise of the shoe
maker himself, but it becomes real
istic and almost modern when it
tells of the love problems of Lacy
and Rose whose families object to
their marriage.
What happens when a lowly shoe
maker bccomes Lord Mayor of Lon
don will be revealed to the Campus
this Thursday night when the Divi
sion of Speech and Drama presents
its version of Thomas Dekkcr's 17th
century comedy, "The Shoemaker's
Holiday."
A Shakespearean play acted in the
baroque manner, but with the play
ers in modern dress, will serve to
heighten the comedy of this rollick
ing farce. There will be no props
used and the backgrounds will be
projected onto the cyclorama, thus
combining an ancient play with ex
tremely modern presentation meth
ods.
WILSON IN LEAD
In the part of Simon Eyre, the
Shoemaker, will be Asher Wilson,
who has played other high comedy
roles in both "Mask and Face" and
"Royal Family." His work as the
vindictive landlord in "A Night's
Lodging" will also be remembered.
The plot of the "Shoemaker" con
cerns a prosperous shoemaker who
is appointed Lord Mayor of London,
and through this is able to realize
his life-long dream of a sort of shoe
maker's convention in the city of
London.
ROMANTIC. REALISTIC
Dekkcr's play is a sort of transi
tion between the romantic and real
ist school of dramatics, and while
Dekker was a contemporary of
Shakespeare, his work is not en
tirely in the Elizabethan spirit.
"Shoemaker" is in the romantic
tradition as long as it deals with
the miraculous rise of the shoe
maker himself, but it becomes real
istic and almost modern when it
tells of the love problems of Lacy
and Rose whose families object to
their marriage.
What happens when a lowly shoe
maker bccomes Lord Mayor of Lon
don will be revealed to the Campus
this Thursday night when the Divi
sion of Speech and Drama presents
its version of Thomas Dekkcr's 17th
century comedy, "The Shoemaker's
Holiday."
A Shakespearean play acted in the
baroque manner, but with the play
ers in modern dress, will serve to
heighten the comedy of this rollick
ing farce. There will be no props
used and the backgrounds will be
projected onto the cyclorama, thus
combining an ancient play with ex
tremely modern presentation meth
ods.
WILSON IN LEAD
In the part of Simon Eyre, the
Shoemaker, will be Asher Wilson,
who has played other high comedy
roles in both "Mask and Face" and
"Royal Family." His work as the
vindictive landlord in "A Night's
Lodging" will also be remembered.
The plot of the "Shoemaker" con
cerns a prosperous shoemaker who
is appointed Lord Mayor of London,
and through this is able to realize
his life-long dream of a sort of shoe
maker's convention in the city of
London.
ROMANTIC. REALISTIC
Dekkcr's play is a sort of transi
tion between the romantic and real
ist school of dramatics, and while
Dekker was a contemporary of
Shakespeare, his work is not en
tirely in the Elizabethan spirit.
"Shoemaker" is in the romantic
tradition as long as it deals with
the miraculous rise of the shoe
maker himself, but it becomes real
istic and almost modern when it
tells of the love problems of Lacy
and Rose whose families object to
their marriage.
