# Vice-President
## 
### 

J. HUGH JACKSON, dean of
Stanford's Graduate School of
Business Administration, was
elected vice-president of the
American Association of Col
legiate Schools of Business Sat
urday at the group's convention at
the University of California.

J. HUGH JACKSON, dean of
Stanford's Graduate School of
Business Administration, was
elected vice-president of the
American Association of Col
legiate Schools of Business Sat
urday at the group's convention at
the University of California.

J. HUGH JACKSON, dean of
Stanford's Graduate School of
Business Administration, was
elected vice-president of the
American Association of Col
legiate Schools of Business Sat
urday at the group's convention at
the University of California.

J. HUGH JACKSON, dean of
Stanford's Graduate School of
Business Administration, was
elected vice-president of the
American Association of Col
legiate Schools of Business Sat
urday at the group's convention at
the University of California.

J. HUGH JACKSON, dean of
Stanford's Graduate School of
Business Administration, was
elected vice-president of the
American Association of Col
legiate Schools of Business Sat
urday at the group's convention at
the University of California.

J. HUGH JACKSON, dean of
Stanford's Graduate School of
Business Administration, was
elected vice-president of the
American Association of Col
legiate Schools of Business Sat
urday at the group's convention at
the University of California.

J. HUGH JACKSON, dean of
Stanford's Graduate School of
Business Administration, was
elected vice-president of the
American Association of Col
legiate Schools of Business Sat
urday at the group's convention at
the University of California.

J. HUGH JACKSON, dean of
Stanford's Graduate School of
Business Administration, was
elected vice-president of the
American Association of Col
legiate Schools of Business Sat
urday at the group's convention at
the University of California.

J. HUGH JACKSON, dean of
Stanford's Graduate School of
Business Administration, was
elected vice-president of the
American Association of Col
legiate Schools of Business Sat
urday at the group's convention at
the University of California.

J. HUGH JACKSON, dean of
Stanford's Graduate School of
Business Administration, was
elected vice-president of the
American Association of Col
legiate Schools of Business Sat
urday at the group's convention at
the University of California.

J. HUGH JACKSON, dean of
Stanford's Graduate School of
Business Administration, was
elected vice-president of the
American Association of Col
legiate Schools of Business Sat
urday at the group's convention at
the University of California.

J. HUGH JACKSON, dean of
Stanford's Graduate School of
Business Administration, was
elected vice-president of the
American Association of Col
legiate Schools of Business Sat
urday at the group's convention at
the University of California.

J. HUGH JACKSON, dean of
Stanford's Graduate School of
Business Administration, was
elected vice-president of the
American Association of Col
legiate Schools of Business Sat
urday at the group's convention at
the University of California.

J. HUGH JACKSON, dean of
Stanford's Graduate School of
Business Administration, was
elected vice-president of the
American Association of Col
legiate Schools of Business Sat
urday at the group's convention at
the University of California.

J. HUGH JACKSON, dean of
Stanford's Graduate School of
Business Administration, was
elected vice-president of the
American Association of Col
legiate Schools of Business Sat
urday at the group's convention at
the University of California.

J. HUGH JACKSON, dean of
Stanford's Graduate School of
Business Administration, was
elected vice-president of the
American Association of Col
legiate Schools of Business Sat
urday at the group's convention at
the University of California.
