# U. OF O. HOOPSTERS OUT
## 
### 
Five University of Oregon basket
ball lettermen answered to initial
call by Coach Bill Reinhart for 1934
material.
Five University of Oregon basket
ball lettermen answered to initial
call by Coach Bill Reinhart for 1934
material.
Five University of Oregon basket
ball lettermen answered to initial
call by Coach Bill Reinhart for 1934
material.
Five University of Oregon basket
ball lettermen answered to initial
call by Coach Bill Reinhart for 1934
material.
Five University of Oregon basket
ball lettermen answered to initial
call by Coach Bill Reinhart for 1934
material.
Five University of Oregon basket
ball lettermen answered to initial
call by Coach Bill Reinhart for 1934
material.
Five University of Oregon basket
ball lettermen answered to initial
call by Coach Bill Reinhart for 1934
material.
Five University of Oregon basket
ball lettermen answered to initial
call by Coach Bill Reinhart for 1934
material.
Five University of Oregon basket
ball lettermen answered to initial
call by Coach Bill Reinhart for 1934
material.
Five University of Oregon basket
ball lettermen answered to initial
call by Coach Bill Reinhart for 1934
material.
Five University of Oregon basket
ball lettermen answered to initial
call by Coach Bill Reinhart for 1934
material.
Five University of Oregon basket
ball lettermen answered to initial
call by Coach Bill Reinhart for 1934
material.
Five University of Oregon basket
ball lettermen answered to initial
call by Coach Bill Reinhart for 1934
material.
Five University of Oregon basket
ball lettermen answered to initial
call by Coach Bill Reinhart for 1934
material.
Five University of Oregon basket
ball lettermen answered to initial
call by Coach Bill Reinhart for 1934
material.
