# Boy Shoots Cousin Because of Taunts
## 
### 
NEW YORK, May 3 f/l').—Edward
Commeford, 17, shot and killed his
12-year-old cousin, Charles Rotate,
police said today, because the
younger boy taunted him about
"being so skinny."
Detective Martin Mooney ' said
Commeford confessed to the shoot
ing late yesterday in Commeford's
home. The boy had maintained at
first it was accidental.
NEW YORK, May 3 f/l').—Edward
Commeford, 17, shot and killed his
12-year-old cousin, Charles Rotate,
police said today, because the
younger boy taunted him about
"being so skinny."
Detective Martin Mooney ' said
Commeford confessed to the shoot
ing late yesterday in Commeford's
home. The boy had maintained at
first it was accidental.
NEW YORK, May 3 f/l').—Edward
Commeford, 17, shot and killed his
12-year-old cousin, Charles Rotate,
police said today, because the
younger boy taunted him about
"being so skinny."
Detective Martin Mooney ' said
Commeford confessed to the shoot
ing late yesterday in Commeford's
home. The boy had maintained at
first it was accidental.
NEW YORK, May 3 f/l').—Edward
Commeford, 17, shot and killed his
12-year-old cousin, Charles Rotate,
police said today, because the
younger boy taunted him about
"being so skinny."
Detective Martin Mooney ' said
Commeford confessed to the shoot
ing late yesterday in Commeford's
home. The boy had maintained at
first it was accidental.
NEW YORK, May 3 f/l').—Edward
Commeford, 17, shot and killed his
12-year-old cousin, Charles Rotate,
police said today, because the
younger boy taunted him about
"being so skinny."
Detective Martin Mooney ' said
Commeford confessed to the shoot
ing late yesterday in Commeford's
home. The boy had maintained at
first it was accidental.
NEW YORK, May 3 f/l').—Edward
Commeford, 17, shot and killed his
12-year-old cousin, Charles Rotate,
police said today, because the
younger boy taunted him about
"being so skinny."
Detective Martin Mooney ' said
Commeford confessed to the shoot
ing late yesterday in Commeford's
home. The boy had maintained at
first it was accidental.
NEW YORK, May 3 f/l').—Edward
Commeford, 17, shot and killed his
12-year-old cousin, Charles Rotate,
police said today, because the
younger boy taunted him about
"being so skinny."
Detective Martin Mooney ' said
Commeford confessed to the shoot
ing late yesterday in Commeford's
home. The boy had maintained at
first it was accidental.
NEW YORK, May 3 f/l').—Edward
Commeford, 17, shot and killed his
12-year-old cousin, Charles Rotate,
police said today, because the
younger boy taunted him about
"being so skinny."
Detective Martin Mooney ' said
Commeford confessed to the shoot
ing late yesterday in Commeford's
home. The boy had maintained at
first it was accidental.
NEW YORK, May 3 f/l').—Edward
Commeford, 17, shot and killed his
12-year-old cousin, Charles Rotate,
police said today, because the
younger boy taunted him about
"being so skinny."
Detective Martin Mooney ' said
Commeford confessed to the shoot
ing late yesterday in Commeford's
home. The boy had maintained at
first it was accidental.
NEW YORK, May 3 f/l').—Edward
Commeford, 17, shot and killed his
12-year-old cousin, Charles Rotate,
police said today, because the
younger boy taunted him about
"being so skinny."
Detective Martin Mooney ' said
Commeford confessed to the shoot
ing late yesterday in Commeford's
home. The boy had maintained at
first it was accidental.
NEW YORK, May 3 f/l').—Edward
Commeford, 17, shot and killed his
12-year-old cousin, Charles Rotate,
police said today, because the
younger boy taunted him about
"being so skinny."
Detective Martin Mooney ' said
Commeford confessed to the shoot
ing late yesterday in Commeford's
home. The boy had maintained at
first it was accidental.
NEW YORK, May 3 f/l').—Edward
Commeford, 17, shot and killed his
12-year-old cousin, Charles Rotate,
police said today, because the
younger boy taunted him about
"being so skinny."
Detective Martin Mooney ' said
Commeford confessed to the shoot
ing late yesterday in Commeford's
home. The boy had maintained at
first it was accidental.
NEW YORK, May 3 f/l').—Edward
Commeford, 17, shot and killed his
12-year-old cousin, Charles Rotate,
police said today, because the
younger boy taunted him about
"being so skinny."
Detective Martin Mooney ' said
Commeford confessed to the shoot
ing late yesterday in Commeford's
home. The boy had maintained at
first it was accidental.
NEW YORK, May 3 f/l').—Edward
Commeford, 17, shot and killed his
12-year-old cousin, Charles Rotate,
police said today, because the
younger boy taunted him about
"being so skinny."
Detective Martin Mooney ' said
Commeford confessed to the shoot
ing late yesterday in Commeford's
home. The boy had maintained at
first it was accidental.
NEW YORK, May 3 f/l').—Edward
Commeford, 17, shot and killed his
12-year-old cousin, Charles Rotate,
police said today, because the
younger boy taunted him about
"being so skinny."
Detective Martin Mooney ' said
Commeford confessed to the shoot
ing late yesterday in Commeford's
home. The boy had maintained at
first it was accidental.
NEW YORK, May 3 f/l').—Edward
Commeford, 17, shot and killed his
12-year-old cousin, Charles Rotate,
police said today, because the
younger boy taunted him about
"being so skinny."
Detective Martin Mooney ' said
Commeford confessed to the shoot
ing late yesterday in Commeford's
home. The boy had maintained at
first it was accidental.
