# Sophs To Sponsor Jolly-up Thursday
## 
### 
An all-University jolly-up spon
sored by the sophomore class will
be held Thursday evening from 7 to
8 o'clock in the Women's Gym, ac
cording to an announcement made
last night by Edmund Barnett, chair
man of the committee in charge.
Bud Fisher's orchestra will be
featured at this annual offering of
the "sophomores, Barnett said. De
tails of entertainment will be an
nounced later.
An all-University jolly-up spon
sored by the sophomore class will
be held Thursday evening from 7 to
8 o'clock in the Women's Gym, ac
cording to an announcement made
last night by Edmund Barnett, chair
man of the committee in charge.
Bud Fisher's orchestra will be
featured at this annual offering of
the "sophomores, Barnett said. De
tails of entertainment will be an
nounced later.
An all-University jolly-up spon
sored by the sophomore class will
be held Thursday evening from 7 to
8 o'clock in the Women's Gym, ac
cording to an announcement made
last night by Edmund Barnett, chair
man of the committee in charge.
Bud Fisher's orchestra will be
featured at this annual offering of
the "sophomores, Barnett said. De
tails of entertainment will be an
nounced later.
An all-University jolly-up spon
sored by the sophomore class will
be held Thursday evening from 7 to
8 o'clock in the Women's Gym, ac
cording to an announcement made
last night by Edmund Barnett, chair
man of the committee in charge.
Bud Fisher's orchestra will be
featured at this annual offering of
the "sophomores, Barnett said. De
tails of entertainment will be an
nounced later.
An all-University jolly-up spon
sored by the sophomore class will
be held Thursday evening from 7 to
8 o'clock in the Women's Gym, ac
cording to an announcement made
last night by Edmund Barnett, chair
man of the committee in charge.
Bud Fisher's orchestra will be
featured at this annual offering of
the "sophomores, Barnett said. De
tails of entertainment will be an
nounced later.
An all-University jolly-up spon
sored by the sophomore class will
be held Thursday evening from 7 to
8 o'clock in the Women's Gym, ac
cording to an announcement made
last night by Edmund Barnett, chair
man of the committee in charge.
Bud Fisher's orchestra will be
featured at this annual offering of
the "sophomores, Barnett said. De
tails of entertainment will be an
nounced later.
An all-University jolly-up spon
sored by the sophomore class will
be held Thursday evening from 7 to
8 o'clock in the Women's Gym, ac
cording to an announcement made
last night by Edmund Barnett, chair
man of the committee in charge.
Bud Fisher's orchestra will be
featured at this annual offering of
the "sophomores, Barnett said. De
tails of entertainment will be an
nounced later.
An all-University jolly-up spon
sored by the sophomore class will
be held Thursday evening from 7 to
8 o'clock in the Women's Gym, ac
cording to an announcement made
last night by Edmund Barnett, chair
man of the committee in charge.
Bud Fisher's orchestra will be
featured at this annual offering of
the "sophomores, Barnett said. De
tails of entertainment will be an
nounced later.
An all-University jolly-up spon
sored by the sophomore class will
be held Thursday evening from 7 to
8 o'clock in the Women's Gym, ac
cording to an announcement made
last night by Edmund Barnett, chair
man of the committee in charge.
Bud Fisher's orchestra will be
featured at this annual offering of
the "sophomores, Barnett said. De
tails of entertainment will be an
nounced later.
An all-University jolly-up spon
sored by the sophomore class will
be held Thursday evening from 7 to
8 o'clock in the Women's Gym, ac
cording to an announcement made
last night by Edmund Barnett, chair
man of the committee in charge.
Bud Fisher's orchestra will be
featured at this annual offering of
the "sophomores, Barnett said. De
tails of entertainment will be an
nounced later.
An all-University jolly-up spon
sored by the sophomore class will
be held Thursday evening from 7 to
8 o'clock in the Women's Gym, ac
cording to an announcement made
last night by Edmund Barnett, chair
man of the committee in charge.
Bud Fisher's orchestra will be
featured at this annual offering of
the "sophomores, Barnett said. De
tails of entertainment will be an
nounced later.
An all-University jolly-up spon
sored by the sophomore class will
be held Thursday evening from 7 to
8 o'clock in the Women's Gym, ac
cording to an announcement made
last night by Edmund Barnett, chair
man of the committee in charge.
Bud Fisher's orchestra will be
featured at this annual offering of
the "sophomores, Barnett said. De
tails of entertainment will be an
nounced later.
An all-University jolly-up spon
sored by the sophomore class will
be held Thursday evening from 7 to
8 o'clock in the Women's Gym, ac
cording to an announcement made
last night by Edmund Barnett, chair
man of the committee in charge.
Bud Fisher's orchestra will be
featured at this annual offering of
the "sophomores, Barnett said. De
tails of entertainment will be an
nounced later.
An all-University jolly-up spon
sored by the sophomore class will
be held Thursday evening from 7 to
8 o'clock in the Women's Gym, ac
cording to an announcement made
last night by Edmund Barnett, chair
man of the committee in charge.
Bud Fisher's orchestra will be
featured at this annual offering of
the "sophomores, Barnett said. De
tails of entertainment will be an
nounced later.
An all-University jolly-up spon
sored by the sophomore class will
be held Thursday evening from 7 to
8 o'clock in the Women's Gym, ac
cording to an announcement made
last night by Edmund Barnett, chair
man of the committee in charge.
Bud Fisher's orchestra will be
featured at this annual offering of
the "sophomores, Barnett said. De
tails of entertainment will be an
nounced later.
An all-University jolly-up spon
sored by the sophomore class will
be held Thursday evening from 7 to
8 o'clock in the Women's Gym, ac
cording to an announcement made
last night by Edmund Barnett, chair
man of the committee in charge.
Bud Fisher's orchestra will be
featured at this annual offering of
the "sophomores, Barnett said. De
tails of entertainment will be an
nounced later.
