# Bracton Club.
## 
### 
The Hracton Club met in the
physics lecture room this morning
to try the ease of the People vs.
Cramer on a charge of obtaining
money under false pretenses. C. S.
Wright represented the State and
S. I'. Klias appealed for the de
fendant. Two propositions were
submitted, that touching on intent
to deceive and that touching on
criminal intent. The jury coin
posed of Johnson, Kaetzel, Lea,
Thomas, (iregg, and Stowe found
against the defendant on both
points.
The Hracton Club met in the
physics lecture room this morning
to try the ease of the People vs.
Cramer on a charge of obtaining
money under false pretenses. C. S.
Wright represented the State and
S. I'. Klias appealed for the de
fendant. Two propositions were
submitted, that touching on intent
to deceive and that touching on
criminal intent. The jury coin
posed of Johnson, Kaetzel, Lea,
Thomas, (iregg, and Stowe found
against the defendant on both
points.
The Hracton Club met in the
physics lecture room this morning
to try the ease of the People vs.
Cramer on a charge of obtaining
money under false pretenses. C. S.
Wright represented the State and
S. I'. Klias appealed for the de
fendant. Two propositions were
submitted, that touching on intent
to deceive and that touching on
criminal intent. The jury coin
posed of Johnson, Kaetzel, Lea,
Thomas, (iregg, and Stowe found
against the defendant on both
points.
The Hracton Club met in the
physics lecture room this morning
to try the ease of the People vs.
Cramer on a charge of obtaining
money under false pretenses. C. S.
Wright represented the State and
S. I'. Klias appealed for the de
fendant. Two propositions were
submitted, that touching on intent
to deceive and that touching on
criminal intent. The jury coin
posed of Johnson, Kaetzel, Lea,
Thomas, (iregg, and Stowe found
against the defendant on both
points.
