# Electrical Engineers Meet.
## 
### 
At the regular meeting of the
Electrical Engineering ClubCondit
gave an interesting report on
'"Methods of locating faults and
grounds in cables and over-head
lines." Important business was
transacted.
At the regular meeting of the
Electrical Engineering ClubCondit
gave an interesting report on
'"Methods of locating faults and
grounds in cables and over-head
lines." Important business was
transacted.
At the regular meeting of the
Electrical Engineering ClubCondit
gave an interesting report on
'"Methods of locating faults and
grounds in cables and over-head
lines." Important business was
transacted.
At the regular meeting of the
Electrical Engineering ClubCondit
gave an interesting report on
'"Methods of locating faults and
grounds in cables and over-head
lines." Important business was
transacted.
