# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The appointment of a man well
known and whose judgment has been
found to be sound to the position of
advisor of underclassmen is a step
which cannot help but work for the
good of the University. With Student
Body President Roth acting in the
capacity outlined by Dr. Jordan, new
students and those who have been but
one year under Stanford influences
will be given the opportunity of re
ceiving advice from one who has
learned by experience what theories
are possible in actual practice and
one who commands the confidence of
undergraduates.
If the underclassmen are thorough
ly trained to respect Stanford tradi
tions and taught to see the error of
their ways, when they conflict with
the generally recognized code of eth
ics which has characterized true Stan
ford men, there can be no doubt but
what they will become good Juniors
and Seniors, who will not only ob
serve what they have learned, but will
aid in seeing that the others follow
the same path.
We learn that the authorities in
tended originally to appoint to the
position just accepted by Mr. Roth a
famous advisor of a great Eastern
university. Without going into de
tails leading up to the present de
cision. we would say that we believe
the naming of a man who is beyond
a doubt intimately versed on local af
fairs is perhaps even a more fortu
nate move than the one first contem
plated.
The appointment of a man well
known and whose judgment has been
found to be sound to the position of
advisor of underclassmen is a step
which cannot help but work for the
good of the University. With Student
Body President Roth acting in the
capacity outlined by Dr. Jordan, new
students and those who have been but
one year under Stanford influences
will be given the opportunity of re
ceiving advice from one who has
learned by experience what theories
are possible in actual practice and
one who commands the confidence of
undergraduates.
If the underclassmen are thorough
ly trained to respect Stanford tradi
tions and taught to see the error of
their ways, when they conflict with
the generally recognized code of eth
ics which has characterized true Stan
ford men, there can be no doubt but
what they will become good Juniors
and Seniors, who will not only ob
serve what they have learned, but will
aid in seeing that the others follow
the same path.
We learn that the authorities in
tended originally to appoint to the
position just accepted by Mr. Roth a
famous advisor of a great Eastern
university. Without going into de
tails leading up to the present de
cision. we would say that we believe
the naming of a man who is beyond
a doubt intimately versed on local af
fairs is perhaps even a more fortu
nate move than the one first contem
plated.
The appointment of a man well
known and whose judgment has been
found to be sound to the position of
advisor of underclassmen is a step
which cannot help but work for the
good of the University. With Student
Body President Roth acting in the
capacity outlined by Dr. Jordan, new
students and those who have been but
one year under Stanford influences
will be given the opportunity of re
ceiving advice from one who has
learned by experience what theories
are possible in actual practice and
one who commands the confidence of
undergraduates.
If the underclassmen are thorough
ly trained to respect Stanford tradi
tions and taught to see the error of
their ways, when they conflict with
the generally recognized code of eth
ics which has characterized true Stan
ford men, there can be no doubt but
what they will become good Juniors
and Seniors, who will not only ob
serve what they have learned, but will
aid in seeing that the others follow
the same path.
We learn that the authorities in
tended originally to appoint to the
position just accepted by Mr. Roth a
famous advisor of a great Eastern
university. Without going into de
tails leading up to the present de
cision. we would say that we believe
the naming of a man who is beyond
a doubt intimately versed on local af
fairs is perhaps even a more fortu
nate move than the one first contem
plated.
The appointment of a man well
known and whose judgment has been
found to be sound to the position of
advisor of underclassmen is a step
which cannot help but work for the
good of the University. With Student
Body President Roth acting in the
capacity outlined by Dr. Jordan, new
students and those who have been but
one year under Stanford influences
will be given the opportunity of re
ceiving advice from one who has
learned by experience what theories
are possible in actual practice and
one who commands the confidence of
undergraduates.
If the underclassmen are thorough
ly trained to respect Stanford tradi
tions and taught to see the error of
their ways, when they conflict with
the generally recognized code of eth
ics which has characterized true Stan
ford men, there can be no doubt but
what they will become good Juniors
and Seniors, who will not only ob
serve what they have learned, but will
aid in seeing that the others follow
the same path.
We learn that the authorities in
tended originally to appoint to the
position just accepted by Mr. Roth a
famous advisor of a great Eastern
university. Without going into de
tails leading up to the present de
cision. we would say that we believe
the naming of a man who is beyond
a doubt intimately versed on local af
fairs is perhaps even a more fortu
nate move than the one first contem
plated.
The appointment of a man well
known and whose judgment has been
found to be sound to the position of
advisor of underclassmen is a step
which cannot help but work for the
good of the University. With Student
Body President Roth acting in the
capacity outlined by Dr. Jordan, new
students and those who have been but
one year under Stanford influences
will be given the opportunity of re
ceiving advice from one who has
learned by experience what theories
are possible in actual practice and
one who commands the confidence of
undergraduates.
If the underclassmen are thorough
ly trained to respect Stanford tradi
tions and taught to see the error of
their ways, when they conflict with
the generally recognized code of eth
ics which has characterized true Stan
ford men, there can be no doubt but
what they will become good Juniors
and Seniors, who will not only ob
serve what they have learned, but will
aid in seeing that the others follow
the same path.
We learn that the authorities in
tended originally to appoint to the
position just accepted by Mr. Roth a
famous advisor of a great Eastern
university. Without going into de
tails leading up to the present de
cision. we would say that we believe
the naming of a man who is beyond
a doubt intimately versed on local af
fairs is perhaps even a more fortu
nate move than the one first contem
plated.
The appointment of a man well
known and whose judgment has been
found to be sound to the position of
advisor of underclassmen is a step
which cannot help but work for the
good of the University. With Student
Body President Roth acting in the
capacity outlined by Dr. Jordan, new
students and those who have been but
one year under Stanford influences
will be given the opportunity of re
ceiving advice from one who has
learned by experience what theories
are possible in actual practice and
one who commands the confidence of
undergraduates.
If the underclassmen are thorough
ly trained to respect Stanford tradi
tions and taught to see the error of
their ways, when they conflict with
the generally recognized code of eth
ics which has characterized true Stan
ford men, there can be no doubt but
what they will become good Juniors
and Seniors, who will not only ob
serve what they have learned, but will
aid in seeing that the others follow
the same path.
We learn that the authorities in
tended originally to appoint to the
position just accepted by Mr. Roth a
famous advisor of a great Eastern
university. Without going into de
tails leading up to the present de
cision. we would say that we believe
the naming of a man who is beyond
a doubt intimately versed on local af
fairs is perhaps even a more fortu
nate move than the one first contem
plated.
The appointment of a man well
known and whose judgment has been
found to be sound to the position of
advisor of underclassmen is a step
which cannot help but work for the
good of the University. With Student
Body President Roth acting in the
capacity outlined by Dr. Jordan, new
students and those who have been but
one year under Stanford influences
will be given the opportunity of re
ceiving advice from one who has
learned by experience what theories
are possible in actual practice and
one who commands the confidence of
undergraduates.
If the underclassmen are thorough
ly trained to respect Stanford tradi
tions and taught to see the error of
their ways, when they conflict with
the generally recognized code of eth
ics which has characterized true Stan
ford men, there can be no doubt but
what they will become good Juniors
and Seniors, who will not only ob
serve what they have learned, but will
aid in seeing that the others follow
the same path.
We learn that the authorities in
tended originally to appoint to the
position just accepted by Mr. Roth a
famous advisor of a great Eastern
university. Without going into de
tails leading up to the present de
cision. we would say that we believe
the naming of a man who is beyond
a doubt intimately versed on local af
fairs is perhaps even a more fortu
nate move than the one first contem
plated.
The appointment of a man well
known and whose judgment has been
found to be sound to the position of
advisor of underclassmen is a step
which cannot help but work for the
good of the University. With Student
Body President Roth acting in the
capacity outlined by Dr. Jordan, new
students and those who have been but
one year under Stanford influences
will be given the opportunity of re
ceiving advice from one who has
learned by experience what theories
are possible in actual practice and
one who commands the confidence of
undergraduates.
If the underclassmen are thorough
ly trained to respect Stanford tradi
tions and taught to see the error of
their ways, when they conflict with
the generally recognized code of eth
ics which has characterized true Stan
ford men, there can be no doubt but
what they will become good Juniors
and Seniors, who will not only ob
serve what they have learned, but will
aid in seeing that the others follow
the same path.
We learn that the authorities in
tended originally to appoint to the
position just accepted by Mr. Roth a
famous advisor of a great Eastern
university. Without going into de
tails leading up to the present de
cision. we would say that we believe
the naming of a man who is beyond
a doubt intimately versed on local af
fairs is perhaps even a more fortu
nate move than the one first contem
plated.
The appointment of a man well
known and whose judgment has been
found to be sound to the position of
advisor of underclassmen is a step
which cannot help but work for the
good of the University. With Student
Body President Roth acting in the
capacity outlined by Dr. Jordan, new
students and those who have been but
one year under Stanford influences
will be given the opportunity of re
ceiving advice from one who has
learned by experience what theories
are possible in actual practice and
one who commands the confidence of
undergraduates.
If the underclassmen are thorough
ly trained to respect Stanford tradi
tions and taught to see the error of
their ways, when they conflict with
the generally recognized code of eth
ics which has characterized true Stan
ford men, there can be no doubt but
what they will become good Juniors
and Seniors, who will not only ob
serve what they have learned, but will
aid in seeing that the others follow
the same path.
We learn that the authorities in
tended originally to appoint to the
position just accepted by Mr. Roth a
famous advisor of a great Eastern
university. Without going into de
tails leading up to the present de
cision. we would say that we believe
the naming of a man who is beyond
a doubt intimately versed on local af
fairs is perhaps even a more fortu
nate move than the one first contem
plated.
The appointment of a man well
known and whose judgment has been
found to be sound to the position of
advisor of underclassmen is a step
which cannot help but work for the
good of the University. With Student
Body President Roth acting in the
capacity outlined by Dr. Jordan, new
students and those who have been but
one year under Stanford influences
will be given the opportunity of re
ceiving advice from one who has
learned by experience what theories
are possible in actual practice and
one who commands the confidence of
undergraduates.
If the underclassmen are thorough
ly trained to respect Stanford tradi
tions and taught to see the error of
their ways, when they conflict with
the generally recognized code of eth
ics which has characterized true Stan
ford men, there can be no doubt but
what they will become good Juniors
and Seniors, who will not only ob
serve what they have learned, but will
aid in seeing that the others follow
the same path.
We learn that the authorities in
tended originally to appoint to the
position just accepted by Mr. Roth a
famous advisor of a great Eastern
university. Without going into de
tails leading up to the present de
cision. we would say that we believe
the naming of a man who is beyond
a doubt intimately versed on local af
fairs is perhaps even a more fortu
nate move than the one first contem
plated.
