# Untitled Article
## 
### 
"E-Yah"' Jennings of the Detroit
"Tigers" pave the California Varsity
squad a short talk on baseball yester
day.
"E-Yah"' Jennings of the Detroit
"Tigers" pave the California Varsity
squad a short talk on baseball yester
day.
"E-Yah"' Jennings of the Detroit
"Tigers" pave the California Varsity
squad a short talk on baseball yester
day.
"E-Yah"' Jennings of the Detroit
"Tigers" pave the California Varsity
squad a short talk on baseball yester
day.
"E-Yah"' Jennings of the Detroit
"Tigers" pave the California Varsity
squad a short talk on baseball yester
day.
"E-Yah"' Jennings of the Detroit
"Tigers" pave the California Varsity
squad a short talk on baseball yester
day.
"E-Yah"' Jennings of the Detroit
"Tigers" pave the California Varsity
squad a short talk on baseball yester
day.
"E-Yah"' Jennings of the Detroit
"Tigers" pave the California Varsity
squad a short talk on baseball yester
day.
"E-Yah"' Jennings of the Detroit
"Tigers" pave the California Varsity
squad a short talk on baseball yester
day.
"E-Yah"' Jennings of the Detroit
"Tigers" pave the California Varsity
squad a short talk on baseball yester
day.
"E-Yah"' Jennings of the Detroit
"Tigers" pave the California Varsity
squad a short talk on baseball yester
day.
"E-Yah"' Jennings of the Detroit
"Tigers" pave the California Varsity
squad a short talk on baseball yester
day.
