# Bilateral Nuclear Arms Freeze Referendum
## 
### 
Wc, the students of Stanford- University, do hereby urge that the
government of the United States propose to the government of the Soviet
Union that both countries agree to immediately halt the testing,
production, and further deployment of all nuclear warheads, mis'siles, and
delivery systems in a way that can be checked and verified by both
countries.
Wc, the students of Stanford- University, do hereby urge that the
government of the United States propose to the government of the Soviet
Union that both countries agree to immediately halt the testing,
production, and further deployment of all nuclear warheads, mis'siles, and
delivery systems in a way that can be checked and verified by both
countries.
Wc, the students of Stanford- University, do hereby urge that the
government of the United States propose to the government of the Soviet
Union that both countries agree to immediately halt the testing,
production, and further deployment of all nuclear warheads, mis'siles, and
delivery systems in a way that can be checked and verified by both
countries.
Wc, the students of Stanford- University, do hereby urge that the
government of the United States propose to the government of the Soviet
Union that both countries agree to immediately halt the testing,
production, and further deployment of all nuclear warheads, mis'siles, and
delivery systems in a way that can be checked and verified by both
countries.
Wc, the students of Stanford- University, do hereby urge that the
government of the United States propose to the government of the Soviet
Union that both countries agree to immediately halt the testing,
production, and further deployment of all nuclear warheads, mis'siles, and
delivery systems in a way that can be checked and verified by both
countries.
Wc, the students of Stanford- University, do hereby urge that the
government of the United States propose to the government of the Soviet
Union that both countries agree to immediately halt the testing,
production, and further deployment of all nuclear warheads, mis'siles, and
delivery systems in a way that can be checked and verified by both
countries.
Wc, the students of Stanford- University, do hereby urge that the
government of the United States propose to the government of the Soviet
Union that both countries agree to immediately halt the testing,
production, and further deployment of all nuclear warheads, mis'siles, and
delivery systems in a way that can be checked and verified by both
countries.
Wc, the students of Stanford- University, do hereby urge that the
government of the United States propose to the government of the Soviet
Union that both countries agree to immediately halt the testing,
production, and further deployment of all nuclear warheads, mis'siles, and
delivery systems in a way that can be checked and verified by both
countries.
