# NOTED SCIENTIST TO LECTURE.
## Dr. Loeb of California Will Talk in Chapel on Tuesday Evening. 
### 
Dr. Jacques Loeb, head of the
department of physiology at ihe
University of California, will lec
ture at Stanford Tuesday evening,
October 13th, in the chapel. Dr.
Loeb comes under the auspices of
the scientific society of Sigma Xi.
He was to have delivered the an
nual address before the society last
year. Dr. Loeb came to the Uni
versity of California last spring
from the University of Chicago. A
special library and laboratory have
been equipped for him at Califor
nia.
Dr. Loeb is the greatest living
authority on fertilization, and the
subject of his lecture at Stanford
will be on his recent experiments
produced on artificial hybrids of
sea urchins and starfishes at the
Hopkins Seaside Laboratory at
Pacific Grove. The Sigma Xi
society will entertain Dr. Loeb dur
ing his stay on the campus.
Dr. Jacques Loeb, head of the
department of physiology at ihe
University of California, will lec
ture at Stanford Tuesday evening,
October 13th, in the chapel. Dr.
Loeb comes under the auspices of
the scientific society of Sigma Xi.
He was to have delivered the an
nual address before the society last
year. Dr. Loeb came to the Uni
versity of California last spring
from the University of Chicago. A
special library and laboratory have
been equipped for him at Califor
nia.
Dr. Loeb is the greatest living
authority on fertilization, and the
subject of his lecture at Stanford
will be on his recent experiments
produced on artificial hybrids of
sea urchins and starfishes at the
Hopkins Seaside Laboratory at
Pacific Grove. The Sigma Xi
society will entertain Dr. Loeb dur
ing his stay on the campus.
Dr. Jacques Loeb, head of the
department of physiology at ihe
University of California, will lec
ture at Stanford Tuesday evening,
October 13th, in the chapel. Dr.
Loeb comes under the auspices of
the scientific society of Sigma Xi.
He was to have delivered the an
nual address before the society last
year. Dr. Loeb came to the Uni
versity of California last spring
from the University of Chicago. A
special library and laboratory have
been equipped for him at Califor
nia.
Dr. Loeb is the greatest living
authority on fertilization, and the
subject of his lecture at Stanford
will be on his recent experiments
produced on artificial hybrids of
sea urchins and starfishes at the
Hopkins Seaside Laboratory at
Pacific Grove. The Sigma Xi
society will entertain Dr. Loeb dur
ing his stay on the campus.
Dr. Jacques Loeb, head of the
department of physiology at ihe
University of California, will lec
ture at Stanford Tuesday evening,
October 13th, in the chapel. Dr.
Loeb comes under the auspices of
the scientific society of Sigma Xi.
He was to have delivered the an
nual address before the society last
year. Dr. Loeb came to the Uni
versity of California last spring
from the University of Chicago. A
special library and laboratory have
been equipped for him at Califor
nia.
Dr. Loeb is the greatest living
authority on fertilization, and the
subject of his lecture at Stanford
will be on his recent experiments
produced on artificial hybrids of
sea urchins and starfishes at the
Hopkins Seaside Laboratory at
Pacific Grove. The Sigma Xi
society will entertain Dr. Loeb dur
ing his stay on the campus.
Dr. Jacques Loeb, head of the
department of physiology at ihe
University of California, will lec
ture at Stanford Tuesday evening,
October 13th, in the chapel. Dr.
Loeb comes under the auspices of
the scientific society of Sigma Xi.
He was to have delivered the an
nual address before the society last
year. Dr. Loeb came to the Uni
versity of California last spring
from the University of Chicago. A
special library and laboratory have
been equipped for him at Califor
nia.
Dr. Loeb is the greatest living
authority on fertilization, and the
subject of his lecture at Stanford
will be on his recent experiments
produced on artificial hybrids of
sea urchins and starfishes at the
Hopkins Seaside Laboratory at
Pacific Grove. The Sigma Xi
society will entertain Dr. Loeb dur
ing his stay on the campus.
Dr. Jacques Loeb, head of the
department of physiology at ihe
University of California, will lec
ture at Stanford Tuesday evening,
October 13th, in the chapel. Dr.
Loeb comes under the auspices of
the scientific society of Sigma Xi.
He was to have delivered the an
nual address before the society last
year. Dr. Loeb came to the Uni
versity of California last spring
from the University of Chicago. A
special library and laboratory have
been equipped for him at Califor
nia.
Dr. Loeb is the greatest living
authority on fertilization, and the
subject of his lecture at Stanford
will be on his recent experiments
produced on artificial hybrids of
sea urchins and starfishes at the
Hopkins Seaside Laboratory at
Pacific Grove. The Sigma Xi
society will entertain Dr. Loeb dur
ing his stay on the campus.
Dr. Jacques Loeb, head of the
department of physiology at ihe
University of California, will lec
ture at Stanford Tuesday evening,
October 13th, in the chapel. Dr.
Loeb comes under the auspices of
the scientific society of Sigma Xi.
He was to have delivered the an
nual address before the society last
year. Dr. Loeb came to the Uni
versity of California last spring
from the University of Chicago. A
special library and laboratory have
been equipped for him at Califor
nia.
Dr. Loeb is the greatest living
authority on fertilization, and the
subject of his lecture at Stanford
will be on his recent experiments
produced on artificial hybrids of
sea urchins and starfishes at the
Hopkins Seaside Laboratory at
Pacific Grove. The Sigma Xi
society will entertain Dr. Loeb dur
ing his stay on the campus.
Dr. Jacques Loeb, head of the
department of physiology at ihe
University of California, will lec
ture at Stanford Tuesday evening,
October 13th, in the chapel. Dr.
Loeb comes under the auspices of
the scientific society of Sigma Xi.
He was to have delivered the an
nual address before the society last
year. Dr. Loeb came to the Uni
versity of California last spring
from the University of Chicago. A
special library and laboratory have
been equipped for him at Califor
nia.
Dr. Loeb is the greatest living
authority on fertilization, and the
subject of his lecture at Stanford
will be on his recent experiments
produced on artificial hybrids of
sea urchins and starfishes at the
Hopkins Seaside Laboratory at
Pacific Grove. The Sigma Xi
society will entertain Dr. Loeb dur
ing his stay on the campus.
