# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The recent Inn failure seems to
have aroused a general distrustful
feeling of the students' ability to
conduct any undergraduate organ
ization. Taking the failure as a
text the editorial in the current is
sue of the Alumnus bewails student
control of affairs, and using several
instances in recent memory, offers
non-student control as the only
palliative for uncertain student
management. The members of the
student body at Stanford appar
ently are radically different from
the undergraduate bodies of every
other great university in the coun
try. The purposes of the annual
elections are to select for the var
ious college oflices those who are
most fitted for the work; and if, in
the past, in a moment of thought
less haste, two or three thoroughly
unfit, incapable and unbusiness
like students were putin office,
there is 110 reason for despair and
general condemnation of student
control of their own affairs. The
mistakes of the past are not going
to be repeated, because there is now
among the students a tendency to
thoroughly investigate the merits
of candidates irrespective of per
sonal friendship or other minor
considerations. To speak of adopt
ing a system of non-student man
agement is to imply that the very
purpose of the University is to be
destroyed. While the cares and
responsibilities of collegiate life are
different and less heav}' than those
of the outside world, it would be a
poor education to fit a man to meet
his future responsibilities if all
present ones should be taken away
from him.
