# Prom Tickets To Go On Sale
## 
### 
Junior Prom ticket sales begin
today at Engineering Corner, and
will continue through Friday.
Tickets are $3 per couple, or
$4.50 with a junior class card.
The Prom will be held Friday
night, 9 p.m. to 1 a.m., in the Mu
ral Room of the St. Francis Ho
tel, a room never before used for
a Stanford Prom.
Entertainment will feature the
vocal presentations of the Kirby
Stone Four, of "Baubles, Bangles,
and Beads" fame. This quartet
has recently performed at New
York's Copacabana and at Las
Vegas hotels.
Their latest record, "Every
thing's Coming Up Roses" sup
plies the theme for the Prom.
The orchestra of Del Courtney
will provide the dance music.
Junior Prom Chairman is Arvin
Brown, who is assisted by the '61
Ex-Corn.
Junior Prom ticket sales begin
today at Engineering Corner, and
will continue through Friday.
Tickets are $3 per couple, or
$4.50 with a junior class card.
The Prom will be held Friday
night, 9 p.m. to 1 a.m., in the Mu
ral Room of the St. Francis Ho
tel, a room never before used for
a Stanford Prom.
Entertainment will feature the
vocal presentations of the Kirby
Stone Four, of "Baubles, Bangles,
and Beads" fame. This quartet
has recently performed at New
York's Copacabana and at Las
Vegas hotels.
Their latest record, "Every
thing's Coming Up Roses" sup
plies the theme for the Prom.
The orchestra of Del Courtney
will provide the dance music.
Junior Prom Chairman is Arvin
Brown, who is assisted by the '61
Ex-Corn.
Junior Prom ticket sales begin
today at Engineering Corner, and
will continue through Friday.
Tickets are $3 per couple, or
$4.50 with a junior class card.
The Prom will be held Friday
night, 9 p.m. to 1 a.m., in the Mu
ral Room of the St. Francis Ho
tel, a room never before used for
a Stanford Prom.
Entertainment will feature the
vocal presentations of the Kirby
Stone Four, of "Baubles, Bangles,
and Beads" fame. This quartet
has recently performed at New
York's Copacabana and at Las
Vegas hotels.
Their latest record, "Every
thing's Coming Up Roses" sup
plies the theme for the Prom.
The orchestra of Del Courtney
will provide the dance music.
Junior Prom Chairman is Arvin
Brown, who is assisted by the '61
Ex-Corn.
Junior Prom ticket sales begin
today at Engineering Corner, and
will continue through Friday.
Tickets are $3 per couple, or
$4.50 with a junior class card.
The Prom will be held Friday
night, 9 p.m. to 1 a.m., in the Mu
ral Room of the St. Francis Ho
tel, a room never before used for
a Stanford Prom.
Entertainment will feature the
vocal presentations of the Kirby
Stone Four, of "Baubles, Bangles,
and Beads" fame. This quartet
has recently performed at New
York's Copacabana and at Las
Vegas hotels.
Their latest record, "Every
thing's Coming Up Roses" sup
plies the theme for the Prom.
The orchestra of Del Courtney
will provide the dance music.
Junior Prom Chairman is Arvin
Brown, who is assisted by the '61
Ex-Corn.
Junior Prom ticket sales begin
today at Engineering Corner, and
will continue through Friday.
Tickets are $3 per couple, or
$4.50 with a junior class card.
The Prom will be held Friday
night, 9 p.m. to 1 a.m., in the Mu
ral Room of the St. Francis Ho
tel, a room never before used for
a Stanford Prom.
Entertainment will feature the
vocal presentations of the Kirby
Stone Four, of "Baubles, Bangles,
and Beads" fame. This quartet
has recently performed at New
York's Copacabana and at Las
Vegas hotels.
Their latest record, "Every
thing's Coming Up Roses" sup
plies the theme for the Prom.
The orchestra of Del Courtney
will provide the dance music.
Junior Prom Chairman is Arvin
Brown, who is assisted by the '61
Ex-Corn.
Junior Prom ticket sales begin
today at Engineering Corner, and
will continue through Friday.
Tickets are $3 per couple, or
$4.50 with a junior class card.
The Prom will be held Friday
night, 9 p.m. to 1 a.m., in the Mu
ral Room of the St. Francis Ho
tel, a room never before used for
a Stanford Prom.
Entertainment will feature the
vocal presentations of the Kirby
Stone Four, of "Baubles, Bangles,
and Beads" fame. This quartet
has recently performed at New
York's Copacabana and at Las
Vegas hotels.
Their latest record, "Every
thing's Coming Up Roses" sup
plies the theme for the Prom.
The orchestra of Del Courtney
will provide the dance music.
Junior Prom Chairman is Arvin
Brown, who is assisted by the '61
Ex-Corn.
Junior Prom ticket sales begin
today at Engineering Corner, and
will continue through Friday.
Tickets are $3 per couple, or
$4.50 with a junior class card.
The Prom will be held Friday
night, 9 p.m. to 1 a.m., in the Mu
ral Room of the St. Francis Ho
tel, a room never before used for
a Stanford Prom.
Entertainment will feature the
vocal presentations of the Kirby
Stone Four, of "Baubles, Bangles,
and Beads" fame. This quartet
has recently performed at New
York's Copacabana and at Las
Vegas hotels.
Their latest record, "Every
thing's Coming Up Roses" sup
plies the theme for the Prom.
The orchestra of Del Courtney
will provide the dance music.
Junior Prom Chairman is Arvin
Brown, who is assisted by the '61
Ex-Corn.
Junior Prom ticket sales begin
today at Engineering Corner, and
will continue through Friday.
Tickets are $3 per couple, or
$4.50 with a junior class card.
The Prom will be held Friday
night, 9 p.m. to 1 a.m., in the Mu
ral Room of the St. Francis Ho
tel, a room never before used for
a Stanford Prom.
Entertainment will feature the
vocal presentations of the Kirby
Stone Four, of "Baubles, Bangles,
and Beads" fame. This quartet
has recently performed at New
York's Copacabana and at Las
Vegas hotels.
Their latest record, "Every
thing's Coming Up Roses" sup
plies the theme for the Prom.
The orchestra of Del Courtney
will provide the dance music.
Junior Prom Chairman is Arvin
Brown, who is assisted by the '61
Ex-Corn.
Junior Prom ticket sales begin
today at Engineering Corner, and
will continue through Friday.
Tickets are $3 per couple, or
$4.50 with a junior class card.
The Prom will be held Friday
night, 9 p.m. to 1 a.m., in the Mu
ral Room of the St. Francis Ho
tel, a room never before used for
a Stanford Prom.
Entertainment will feature the
vocal presentations of the Kirby
Stone Four, of "Baubles, Bangles,
and Beads" fame. This quartet
has recently performed at New
York's Copacabana and at Las
Vegas hotels.
Their latest record, "Every
thing's Coming Up Roses" sup
plies the theme for the Prom.
The orchestra of Del Courtney
will provide the dance music.
Junior Prom Chairman is Arvin
Brown, who is assisted by the '61
Ex-Corn.
Junior Prom ticket sales begin
today at Engineering Corner, and
will continue through Friday.
Tickets are $3 per couple, or
$4.50 with a junior class card.
The Prom will be held Friday
night, 9 p.m. to 1 a.m., in the Mu
ral Room of the St. Francis Ho
tel, a room never before used for
a Stanford Prom.
Entertainment will feature the
vocal presentations of the Kirby
Stone Four, of "Baubles, Bangles,
and Beads" fame. This quartet
has recently performed at New
York's Copacabana and at Las
Vegas hotels.
Their latest record, "Every
thing's Coming Up Roses" sup
plies the theme for the Prom.
The orchestra of Del Courtney
will provide the dance music.
Junior Prom Chairman is Arvin
Brown, who is assisted by the '61
Ex-Corn.
Junior Prom ticket sales begin
today at Engineering Corner, and
will continue through Friday.
Tickets are $3 per couple, or
$4.50 with a junior class card.
The Prom will be held Friday
night, 9 p.m. to 1 a.m., in the Mu
ral Room of the St. Francis Ho
tel, a room never before used for
a Stanford Prom.
Entertainment will feature the
vocal presentations of the Kirby
Stone Four, of "Baubles, Bangles,
and Beads" fame. This quartet
has recently performed at New
York's Copacabana and at Las
Vegas hotels.
Their latest record, "Every
thing's Coming Up Roses" sup
plies the theme for the Prom.
The orchestra of Del Courtney
will provide the dance music.
Junior Prom Chairman is Arvin
Brown, who is assisted by the '61
Ex-Corn.
Junior Prom ticket sales begin
today at Engineering Corner, and
will continue through Friday.
Tickets are $3 per couple, or
$4.50 with a junior class card.
The Prom will be held Friday
night, 9 p.m. to 1 a.m., in the Mu
ral Room of the St. Francis Ho
tel, a room never before used for
a Stanford Prom.
Entertainment will feature the
vocal presentations of the Kirby
Stone Four, of "Baubles, Bangles,
and Beads" fame. This quartet
has recently performed at New
York's Copacabana and at Las
Vegas hotels.
Their latest record, "Every
thing's Coming Up Roses" sup
plies the theme for the Prom.
The orchestra of Del Courtney
will provide the dance music.
Junior Prom Chairman is Arvin
Brown, who is assisted by the '61
Ex-Corn.
Junior Prom ticket sales begin
today at Engineering Corner, and
will continue through Friday.
Tickets are $3 per couple, or
$4.50 with a junior class card.
The Prom will be held Friday
night, 9 p.m. to 1 a.m., in the Mu
ral Room of the St. Francis Ho
tel, a room never before used for
a Stanford Prom.
Entertainment will feature the
vocal presentations of the Kirby
Stone Four, of "Baubles, Bangles,
and Beads" fame. This quartet
has recently performed at New
York's Copacabana and at Las
Vegas hotels.
Their latest record, "Every
thing's Coming Up Roses" sup
plies the theme for the Prom.
The orchestra of Del Courtney
will provide the dance music.
Junior Prom Chairman is Arvin
Brown, who is assisted by the '61
Ex-Corn.
Junior Prom ticket sales begin
today at Engineering Corner, and
will continue through Friday.
Tickets are $3 per couple, or
$4.50 with a junior class card.
The Prom will be held Friday
night, 9 p.m. to 1 a.m., in the Mu
ral Room of the St. Francis Ho
tel, a room never before used for
a Stanford Prom.
Entertainment will feature the
vocal presentations of the Kirby
Stone Four, of "Baubles, Bangles,
and Beads" fame. This quartet
has recently performed at New
York's Copacabana and at Las
Vegas hotels.
Their latest record, "Every
thing's Coming Up Roses" sup
plies the theme for the Prom.
The orchestra of Del Courtney
will provide the dance music.
Junior Prom Chairman is Arvin
Brown, who is assisted by the '61
Ex-Corn.
Junior Prom ticket sales begin
today at Engineering Corner, and
will continue through Friday.
Tickets are $3 per couple, or
$4.50 with a junior class card.
The Prom will be held Friday
night, 9 p.m. to 1 a.m., in the Mu
ral Room of the St. Francis Ho
tel, a room never before used for
a Stanford Prom.
Entertainment will feature the
vocal presentations of the Kirby
Stone Four, of "Baubles, Bangles,
and Beads" fame. This quartet
has recently performed at New
York's Copacabana and at Las
Vegas hotels.
Their latest record, "Every
thing's Coming Up Roses" sup
plies the theme for the Prom.
The orchestra of Del Courtney
will provide the dance music.
Junior Prom Chairman is Arvin
Brown, who is assisted by the '61
Ex-Corn.
Junior Prom ticket sales begin
today at Engineering Corner, and
will continue through Friday.
Tickets are $3 per couple, or
$4.50 with a junior class card.
The Prom will be held Friday
night, 9 p.m. to 1 a.m., in the Mu
ral Room of the St. Francis Ho
tel, a room never before used for
a Stanford Prom.
Entertainment will feature the
vocal presentations of the Kirby
Stone Four, of "Baubles, Bangles,
and Beads" fame. This quartet
has recently performed at New
York's Copacabana and at Las
Vegas hotels.
Their latest record, "Every
thing's Coming Up Roses" sup
plies the theme for the Prom.
The orchestra of Del Courtney
will provide the dance music.
Junior Prom Chairman is Arvin
Brown, who is assisted by the '61
Ex-Corn.
