# Untitled Article
## 
### 
This is the last day of the month,
and with the coming of October the
treasurer of the Associated Students
intends to make another attempt to
collect the student body assessments
which yet remain delinquent. As
allowances come in for October
those students who have not dis
charged their obligation to the stu
dent body should lay aside one
dollar in the corner of their purses
for the collectors of assessments,
who will call upon them within the
next week for the amount. The

officers of the Associated Students
are making an energetic effort to
collect every assessment, as the
money is needed at once for dis
charging current obligations. Stu
dents can do no more than aid
them in their endeavors. We sin
cerely hope that this is the last
time we shall have to call the at
tention of this community and the
general public to the fact that there
are students at Stanford whose loy
alty is not even worth one dollar a
year.
This is the last day of the month,
and with the coming of October the
treasurer of the Associated Students
intends to make another attempt to
collect the student body assessments
which yet remain delinquent. As
allowances come in for October
those students who have not dis
charged their obligation to the stu
dent body should lay aside one
dollar in the corner of their purses
for the collectors of assessments,
who will call upon them within the
next week for the amount. The

officers of the Associated Students
are making an energetic effort to
collect every assessment, as the
money is needed at once for dis
charging current obligations. Stu
dents can do no more than aid
them in their endeavors. We sin
cerely hope that this is the last
time we shall have to call the at
tention of this community and the
general public to the fact that there
are students at Stanford whose loy
alty is not even worth one dollar a
year.
This is the last day of the month,
and with the coming of October the
treasurer of the Associated Students
intends to make another attempt to
collect the student body assessments
which yet remain delinquent. As
allowances come in for October
those students who have not dis
charged their obligation to the stu
dent body should lay aside one
dollar in the corner of their purses
for the collectors of assessments,
who will call upon them within the
next week for the amount. The

officers of the Associated Students
are making an energetic effort to
collect every assessment, as the
money is needed at once for dis
charging current obligations. Stu
dents can do no more than aid
them in their endeavors. We sin
cerely hope that this is the last
time we shall have to call the at
tention of this community and the
general public to the fact that there
are students at Stanford whose loy
alty is not even worth one dollar a
year.
This is the last day of the month,
and with the coming of October the
treasurer of the Associated Students
intends to make another attempt to
collect the student body assessments
which yet remain delinquent. As
allowances come in for October
those students who have not dis
charged their obligation to the stu
dent body should lay aside one
dollar in the corner of their purses
for the collectors of assessments,
who will call upon them within the
next week for the amount. The

officers of the Associated Students
are making an energetic effort to
collect every assessment, as the
money is needed at once for dis
charging current obligations. Stu
dents can do no more than aid
them in their endeavors. We sin
cerely hope that this is the last
time we shall have to call the at
tention of this community and the
general public to the fact that there
are students at Stanford whose loy
alty is not even worth one dollar a
year.
This is the last day of the month,
and with the coming of October the
treasurer of the Associated Students
intends to make another attempt to
collect the student body assessments
which yet remain delinquent. As
allowances come in for October
those students who have not dis
charged their obligation to the stu
dent body should lay aside one
dollar in the corner of their purses
for the collectors of assessments,
who will call upon them within the
next week for the amount. The

officers of the Associated Students
are making an energetic effort to
collect every assessment, as the
money is needed at once for dis
charging current obligations. Stu
dents can do no more than aid
them in their endeavors. We sin
cerely hope that this is the last
time we shall have to call the at
tention of this community and the
general public to the fact that there
are students at Stanford whose loy
alty is not even worth one dollar a
year.
