# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The attention of all juniors it
called to the important business to
he transacted at the class meeting
tomorrow. The matter of a class
assessment for the Annual will he
brought up at the meeting, and the
proposition to adopt the sombrero
as a class hat will also be acted
upon. These matters should be of
enough interest to draw out a large
attendance.
The attention of all juniors it
called to the important business to
he transacted at the class meeting
tomorrow. The matter of a class
assessment for the Annual will he
brought up at the meeting, and the
proposition to adopt the sombrero
as a class hat will also be acted
upon. These matters should be of
enough interest to draw out a large
attendance.
The attention of all juniors it
called to the important business to
he transacted at the class meeting
tomorrow. The matter of a class
assessment for the Annual will he
brought up at the meeting, and the
proposition to adopt the sombrero
as a class hat will also be acted
upon. These matters should be of
enough interest to draw out a large
attendance.
The attention of all juniors it
called to the important business to
he transacted at the class meeting
tomorrow. The matter of a class
assessment for the Annual will he
brought up at the meeting, and the
proposition to adopt the sombrero
as a class hat will also be acted
upon. These matters should be of
enough interest to draw out a large
attendance.
The attention of all juniors it
called to the important business to
he transacted at the class meeting
tomorrow. The matter of a class
assessment for the Annual will he
brought up at the meeting, and the
proposition to adopt the sombrero
as a class hat will also be acted
upon. These matters should be of
enough interest to draw out a large
attendance.
