# CONCERT
## Tuesday Series 
### 
A program of Mozart Serenades
will be played in the Court of
the Union tonight at 8 o'clock by
an orchestral ensemble under the
direction of Feri Roth. Members
of the quartet and a group of stu
dents who have been working with
Mr. Roth in chamber music during
the summer quarter will partici
pate.
The program will be an imita
tion of the old Austrian and South
German customs, the annual gath
erings in Munich which are held
in the courts of the palaces and
civic buildings. "Eine Klein
Nachtmusik" written by Mozart
for outdoor performances, and the
Horn Concerto in E flat, also by
Mozart, will be included on the
program.
The public is invited to attend
this open air concert, it was an
nounced today. No tickets will be
necessary.
