# “FIRST MILLION” DRIVE CONTINUED ON CAMPUS
## 
### 
The endowment campaign for the
first million is being conducted on the
campus this quarter. The drive will be
confined almost entirely to freshmen
and new students. The commtitee be
lieves that all the old students have
had the opportunity to give and have
contributed if they were able to do so.
Arthur Tyler is chairman of the or
ganization which is handling the endow
ment drive this year. Mabel Jones is
Vice-Chairman and Carolyn Strouse,
Secretary. A committee of nine will
be used to handle the different living
groups on the campus. Not all the
vacancies on the committee left from
last year have yet been filled. Leon
David has been placed in charge of the
drive in Encina, Mabel Jones in Roble,
and Junior Collins in Sequoia. The com
mittee as it now stands is composed of:
Seniors—Bradley Wyatt; Juniors —'Ori-
on Clark, Junior Collins, Dorothy Shep
pard; Sophomores—Leon David, Leroy
Slaone, Carolyn Strouse.
