# “SAVE REDWOODS” IS SUBJECT OF LECTURE BY JOSEPH D. GRANT
## 
### 
Joseph D. Grant, member of the
University Board of Trustees and
chairman of the Save tiie Redwoods
League, an enterprise in which Stan
ford men have taken a leading part
from the beginning, will present the
work and purposes of that League in
an illustrated lecture in the Little
Theater tomorrow afternoon at 4:15
o'clock.
He is giving the lecture at Stanford
at the request of a number of Stan
ford people who have heard it when
he has given it in other places. The
speaker will be introduced by Profes
sor C. B. Wing, who is a member of
the Council of the League. President
Wilbur is also a member of the Coun
cil. The lecture will be accompanied
by moving pictures and by colored
slides.
Joseph D. Grant, member of the
University Board of Trustees and
chairman of the Save tiie Redwoods
League, an enterprise in which Stan
ford men have taken a leading part
from the beginning, will present the
work and purposes of that League in
an illustrated lecture in the Little
Theater tomorrow afternoon at 4:15
o'clock.
He is giving the lecture at Stanford
at the request of a number of Stan
ford people who have heard it when
he has given it in other places. The
speaker will be introduced by Profes
sor C. B. Wing, who is a member of
the Council of the League. President
Wilbur is also a member of the Coun
cil. The lecture will be accompanied
by moving pictures and by colored
slides.
Joseph D. Grant, member of the
University Board of Trustees and
chairman of the Save tiie Redwoods
League, an enterprise in which Stan
ford men have taken a leading part
from the beginning, will present the
work and purposes of that League in
an illustrated lecture in the Little
Theater tomorrow afternoon at 4:15
o'clock.
He is giving the lecture at Stanford
at the request of a number of Stan
ford people who have heard it when
he has given it in other places. The
speaker will be introduced by Profes
sor C. B. Wing, who is a member of
the Council of the League. President
Wilbur is also a member of the Coun
cil. The lecture will be accompanied
by moving pictures and by colored
slides.
Joseph D. Grant, member of the
University Board of Trustees and
chairman of the Save tiie Redwoods
League, an enterprise in which Stan
ford men have taken a leading part
from the beginning, will present the
work and purposes of that League in
an illustrated lecture in the Little
Theater tomorrow afternoon at 4:15
o'clock.
He is giving the lecture at Stanford
at the request of a number of Stan
ford people who have heard it when
he has given it in other places. The
speaker will be introduced by Profes
sor C. B. Wing, who is a member of
the Council of the League. President
Wilbur is also a member of the Coun
cil. The lecture will be accompanied
by moving pictures and by colored
slides.
Joseph D. Grant, member of the
University Board of Trustees and
chairman of the Save tiie Redwoods
League, an enterprise in which Stan
ford men have taken a leading part
from the beginning, will present the
work and purposes of that League in
an illustrated lecture in the Little
Theater tomorrow afternoon at 4:15
o'clock.
He is giving the lecture at Stanford
at the request of a number of Stan
ford people who have heard it when
he has given it in other places. The
speaker will be introduced by Profes
sor C. B. Wing, who is a member of
the Council of the League. President
Wilbur is also a member of the Coun
cil. The lecture will be accompanied
by moving pictures and by colored
slides.
Joseph D. Grant, member of the
University Board of Trustees and
chairman of the Save tiie Redwoods
League, an enterprise in which Stan
ford men have taken a leading part
from the beginning, will present the
work and purposes of that League in
an illustrated lecture in the Little
Theater tomorrow afternoon at 4:15
o'clock.
He is giving the lecture at Stanford
at the request of a number of Stan
ford people who have heard it when
he has given it in other places. The
speaker will be introduced by Profes
sor C. B. Wing, who is a member of
the Council of the League. President
Wilbur is also a member of the Coun
cil. The lecture will be accompanied
by moving pictures and by colored
slides.
Joseph D. Grant, member of the
University Board of Trustees and
chairman of the Save tiie Redwoods
League, an enterprise in which Stan
ford men have taken a leading part
from the beginning, will present the
work and purposes of that League in
an illustrated lecture in the Little
Theater tomorrow afternoon at 4:15
o'clock.
He is giving the lecture at Stanford
at the request of a number of Stan
ford people who have heard it when
he has given it in other places. The
speaker will be introduced by Profes
sor C. B. Wing, who is a member of
the Council of the League. President
Wilbur is also a member of the Coun
cil. The lecture will be accompanied
by moving pictures and by colored
slides.
Joseph D. Grant, member of the
University Board of Trustees and
chairman of the Save tiie Redwoods
League, an enterprise in which Stan
ford men have taken a leading part
from the beginning, will present the
work and purposes of that League in
an illustrated lecture in the Little
Theater tomorrow afternoon at 4:15
o'clock.
He is giving the lecture at Stanford
at the request of a number of Stan
ford people who have heard it when
he has given it in other places. The
speaker will be introduced by Profes
sor C. B. Wing, who is a member of
the Council of the League. President
Wilbur is also a member of the Coun
cil. The lecture will be accompanied
by moving pictures and by colored
slides.
Joseph D. Grant, member of the
University Board of Trustees and
chairman of the Save tiie Redwoods
League, an enterprise in which Stan
ford men have taken a leading part
from the beginning, will present the
work and purposes of that League in
an illustrated lecture in the Little
Theater tomorrow afternoon at 4:15
o'clock.
He is giving the lecture at Stanford
at the request of a number of Stan
ford people who have heard it when
he has given it in other places. The
speaker will be introduced by Profes
sor C. B. Wing, who is a member of
the Council of the League. President
Wilbur is also a member of the Coun
cil. The lecture will be accompanied
by moving pictures and by colored
slides.
Joseph D. Grant, member of the
University Board of Trustees and
chairman of the Save tiie Redwoods
League, an enterprise in which Stan
ford men have taken a leading part
from the beginning, will present the
work and purposes of that League in
an illustrated lecture in the Little
Theater tomorrow afternoon at 4:15
o'clock.
He is giving the lecture at Stanford
at the request of a number of Stan
ford people who have heard it when
he has given it in other places. The
speaker will be introduced by Profes
sor C. B. Wing, who is a member of
the Council of the League. President
Wilbur is also a member of the Coun
cil. The lecture will be accompanied
by moving pictures and by colored
slides.
Joseph D. Grant, member of the
University Board of Trustees and
chairman of the Save tiie Redwoods
League, an enterprise in which Stan
ford men have taken a leading part
from the beginning, will present the
work and purposes of that League in
an illustrated lecture in the Little
Theater tomorrow afternoon at 4:15
o'clock.
He is giving the lecture at Stanford
at the request of a number of Stan
ford people who have heard it when
he has given it in other places. The
speaker will be introduced by Profes
sor C. B. Wing, who is a member of
the Council of the League. President
Wilbur is also a member of the Coun
cil. The lecture will be accompanied
by moving pictures and by colored
slides.
Joseph D. Grant, member of the
University Board of Trustees and
chairman of the Save tiie Redwoods
League, an enterprise in which Stan
ford men have taken a leading part
from the beginning, will present the
work and purposes of that League in
an illustrated lecture in the Little
Theater tomorrow afternoon at 4:15
o'clock.
He is giving the lecture at Stanford
at the request of a number of Stan
ford people who have heard it when
he has given it in other places. The
speaker will be introduced by Profes
sor C. B. Wing, who is a member of
the Council of the League. President
Wilbur is also a member of the Coun
cil. The lecture will be accompanied
by moving pictures and by colored
slides.
Joseph D. Grant, member of the
University Board of Trustees and
chairman of the Save tiie Redwoods
League, an enterprise in which Stan
ford men have taken a leading part
from the beginning, will present the
work and purposes of that League in
an illustrated lecture in the Little
Theater tomorrow afternoon at 4:15
o'clock.
He is giving the lecture at Stanford
at the request of a number of Stan
ford people who have heard it when
he has given it in other places. The
speaker will be introduced by Profes
sor C. B. Wing, who is a member of
the Council of the League. President
Wilbur is also a member of the Coun
cil. The lecture will be accompanied
by moving pictures and by colored
slides.
Joseph D. Grant, member of the
University Board of Trustees and
chairman of the Save tiie Redwoods
League, an enterprise in which Stan
ford men have taken a leading part
from the beginning, will present the
work and purposes of that League in
an illustrated lecture in the Little
Theater tomorrow afternoon at 4:15
o'clock.
He is giving the lecture at Stanford
at the request of a number of Stan
ford people who have heard it when
he has given it in other places. The
speaker will be introduced by Profes
sor C. B. Wing, who is a member of
the Council of the League. President
Wilbur is also a member of the Coun
cil. The lecture will be accompanied
by moving pictures and by colored
slides.
