# Y.M.C.A. DISCUSSION GROUPS INCREASE IN ATTENDANCE WEEKLY
## 
### 
Discussion groups for Freshmen audi
other new students which meet every
Sunday morning at 10 o'clock under the
auspices of the Y.M.C.A. are increasing
in attendance each week, according to
figures from the "Y" office. Stanford
problems and the University life in gen
eral as well as suggestions for making
the change from high school to college!
less abrupt are among the important
subjects discussed. The purpose of these
groups is to aid the new men in "Getting
on the boat."
Sunday's subject was "The Purpose
of College Education." "Readjustment
from High School Life" will be discussed
next Sunday.
Discussion groups for Freshmen audi
other new students which meet every
Sunday morning at 10 o'clock under the
auspices of the Y.M.C.A. are increasing
in attendance each week, according to
figures from the "Y" office. Stanford
problems and the University life in gen
eral as well as suggestions for making
the change from high school to college!
less abrupt are among the important
subjects discussed. The purpose of these
groups is to aid the new men in "Getting
on the boat."
Sunday's subject was "The Purpose
of College Education." "Readjustment
from High School Life" will be discussed
next Sunday.
Discussion groups for Freshmen audi
other new students which meet every
Sunday morning at 10 o'clock under the
auspices of the Y.M.C.A. are increasing
in attendance each week, according to
figures from the "Y" office. Stanford
problems and the University life in gen
eral as well as suggestions for making
the change from high school to college!
less abrupt are among the important
subjects discussed. The purpose of these
groups is to aid the new men in "Getting
on the boat."
Sunday's subject was "The Purpose
of College Education." "Readjustment
from High School Life" will be discussed
next Sunday.
Discussion groups for Freshmen audi
other new students which meet every
Sunday morning at 10 o'clock under the
auspices of the Y.M.C.A. are increasing
in attendance each week, according to
figures from the "Y" office. Stanford
problems and the University life in gen
eral as well as suggestions for making
the change from high school to college!
less abrupt are among the important
subjects discussed. The purpose of these
groups is to aid the new men in "Getting
on the boat."
Sunday's subject was "The Purpose
of College Education." "Readjustment
from High School Life" will be discussed
next Sunday.
Discussion groups for Freshmen audi
other new students which meet every
Sunday morning at 10 o'clock under the
auspices of the Y.M.C.A. are increasing
in attendance each week, according to
figures from the "Y" office. Stanford
problems and the University life in gen
eral as well as suggestions for making
the change from high school to college!
less abrupt are among the important
subjects discussed. The purpose of these
groups is to aid the new men in "Getting
on the boat."
Sunday's subject was "The Purpose
of College Education." "Readjustment
from High School Life" will be discussed
next Sunday.
Discussion groups for Freshmen audi
other new students which meet every
Sunday morning at 10 o'clock under the
auspices of the Y.M.C.A. are increasing
in attendance each week, according to
figures from the "Y" office. Stanford
problems and the University life in gen
eral as well as suggestions for making
the change from high school to college!
less abrupt are among the important
subjects discussed. The purpose of these
groups is to aid the new men in "Getting
on the boat."
Sunday's subject was "The Purpose
of College Education." "Readjustment
from High School Life" will be discussed
next Sunday.
Discussion groups for Freshmen audi
other new students which meet every
Sunday morning at 10 o'clock under the
auspices of the Y.M.C.A. are increasing
in attendance each week, according to
figures from the "Y" office. Stanford
problems and the University life in gen
eral as well as suggestions for making
the change from high school to college!
less abrupt are among the important
subjects discussed. The purpose of these
groups is to aid the new men in "Getting
on the boat."
Sunday's subject was "The Purpose
of College Education." "Readjustment
from High School Life" will be discussed
next Sunday.
Discussion groups for Freshmen audi
other new students which meet every
Sunday morning at 10 o'clock under the
auspices of the Y.M.C.A. are increasing
in attendance each week, according to
figures from the "Y" office. Stanford
problems and the University life in gen
eral as well as suggestions for making
the change from high school to college!
less abrupt are among the important
subjects discussed. The purpose of these
groups is to aid the new men in "Getting
on the boat."
Sunday's subject was "The Purpose
of College Education." "Readjustment
from High School Life" will be discussed
next Sunday.
Discussion groups for Freshmen audi
other new students which meet every
Sunday morning at 10 o'clock under the
auspices of the Y.M.C.A. are increasing
in attendance each week, according to
figures from the "Y" office. Stanford
problems and the University life in gen
eral as well as suggestions for making
the change from high school to college!
less abrupt are among the important
subjects discussed. The purpose of these
groups is to aid the new men in "Getting
on the boat."
Sunday's subject was "The Purpose
of College Education." "Readjustment
from High School Life" will be discussed
next Sunday.
Discussion groups for Freshmen audi
other new students which meet every
Sunday morning at 10 o'clock under the
auspices of the Y.M.C.A. are increasing
in attendance each week, according to
figures from the "Y" office. Stanford
problems and the University life in gen
eral as well as suggestions for making
the change from high school to college!
less abrupt are among the important
subjects discussed. The purpose of these
groups is to aid the new men in "Getting
on the boat."
Sunday's subject was "The Purpose
of College Education." "Readjustment
from High School Life" will be discussed
next Sunday.
Discussion groups for Freshmen audi
other new students which meet every
Sunday morning at 10 o'clock under the
auspices of the Y.M.C.A. are increasing
in attendance each week, according to
figures from the "Y" office. Stanford
problems and the University life in gen
eral as well as suggestions for making
the change from high school to college!
less abrupt are among the important
subjects discussed. The purpose of these
groups is to aid the new men in "Getting
on the boat."
Sunday's subject was "The Purpose
of College Education." "Readjustment
from High School Life" will be discussed
next Sunday.
Discussion groups for Freshmen audi
other new students which meet every
Sunday morning at 10 o'clock under the
auspices of the Y.M.C.A. are increasing
in attendance each week, according to
figures from the "Y" office. Stanford
problems and the University life in gen
eral as well as suggestions for making
the change from high school to college!
less abrupt are among the important
subjects discussed. The purpose of these
groups is to aid the new men in "Getting
on the boat."
Sunday's subject was "The Purpose
of College Education." "Readjustment
from High School Life" will be discussed
next Sunday.
Discussion groups for Freshmen audi
other new students which meet every
Sunday morning at 10 o'clock under the
auspices of the Y.M.C.A. are increasing
in attendance each week, according to
figures from the "Y" office. Stanford
problems and the University life in gen
eral as well as suggestions for making
the change from high school to college!
less abrupt are among the important
subjects discussed. The purpose of these
groups is to aid the new men in "Getting
on the boat."
Sunday's subject was "The Purpose
of College Education." "Readjustment
from High School Life" will be discussed
next Sunday.
Discussion groups for Freshmen audi
other new students which meet every
Sunday morning at 10 o'clock under the
auspices of the Y.M.C.A. are increasing
in attendance each week, according to
figures from the "Y" office. Stanford
problems and the University life in gen
eral as well as suggestions for making
the change from high school to college!
less abrupt are among the important
subjects discussed. The purpose of these
groups is to aid the new men in "Getting
on the boat."
Sunday's subject was "The Purpose
of College Education." "Readjustment
from High School Life" will be discussed
next Sunday.
