# NO ELECTION
## 
### 
No student body election will
be held tomorrow because all
candidates for office have been
nominated on a white ballot. P.
E. Glenn, '23, chairman of the
election board, today announced
that the board had recommended
to the executive committee that
the formality of election be dis
pensed with to eliminate unne
cessary expense incurred by
printing ballots. The executive
committee will act on the recom
mendation at its regular meeting
tonight. The nominees are Ken
Stewart for senior representative
to the executive committe; J. C.
"Nip" McHose for junior repre
sentative to the executive com
mittee; Charles White, '24, Dave
Tuthill, '23, and Raymond Tre
maine, '22, for the Union Board
of Governors, and T. F. "Bud"
Woodward fo rthe Board of Ath
letic Control.
No student body election will
be held tomorrow because all
candidates for office have been
nominated on a white ballot. P.
E. Glenn, '23, chairman of the
election board, today announced
that the board had recommended
to the executive committee that
the formality of election be dis
pensed with to eliminate unne
cessary expense incurred by
printing ballots. The executive
committee will act on the recom
mendation at its regular meeting
tonight. The nominees are Ken
Stewart for senior representative
to the executive committe; J. C.
"Nip" McHose for junior repre
sentative to the executive com
mittee; Charles White, '24, Dave
Tuthill, '23, and Raymond Tre
maine, '22, for the Union Board
of Governors, and T. F. "Bud"
Woodward fo rthe Board of Ath
letic Control.
No student body election will
be held tomorrow because all
candidates for office have been
nominated on a white ballot. P.
E. Glenn, '23, chairman of the
election board, today announced
that the board had recommended
to the executive committee that
the formality of election be dis
pensed with to eliminate unne
cessary expense incurred by
printing ballots. The executive
committee will act on the recom
mendation at its regular meeting
tonight. The nominees are Ken
Stewart for senior representative
to the executive committe; J. C.
"Nip" McHose for junior repre
sentative to the executive com
mittee; Charles White, '24, Dave
Tuthill, '23, and Raymond Tre
maine, '22, for the Union Board
of Governors, and T. F. "Bud"
Woodward fo rthe Board of Ath
letic Control.
No student body election will
be held tomorrow because all
candidates for office have been
nominated on a white ballot. P.
E. Glenn, '23, chairman of the
election board, today announced
that the board had recommended
to the executive committee that
the formality of election be dis
pensed with to eliminate unne
cessary expense incurred by
printing ballots. The executive
committee will act on the recom
mendation at its regular meeting
tonight. The nominees are Ken
Stewart for senior representative
to the executive committe; J. C.
"Nip" McHose for junior repre
sentative to the executive com
mittee; Charles White, '24, Dave
Tuthill, '23, and Raymond Tre
maine, '22, for the Union Board
of Governors, and T. F. "Bud"
Woodward fo rthe Board of Ath
letic Control.
No student body election will
be held tomorrow because all
candidates for office have been
nominated on a white ballot. P.
E. Glenn, '23, chairman of the
election board, today announced
that the board had recommended
to the executive committee that
the formality of election be dis
pensed with to eliminate unne
cessary expense incurred by
printing ballots. The executive
committee will act on the recom
mendation at its regular meeting
tonight. The nominees are Ken
Stewart for senior representative
to the executive committe; J. C.
"Nip" McHose for junior repre
sentative to the executive com
mittee; Charles White, '24, Dave
Tuthill, '23, and Raymond Tre
maine, '22, for the Union Board
of Governors, and T. F. "Bud"
Woodward fo rthe Board of Ath
letic Control.
No student body election will
be held tomorrow because all
candidates for office have been
nominated on a white ballot. P.
E. Glenn, '23, chairman of the
election board, today announced
that the board had recommended
to the executive committee that
the formality of election be dis
pensed with to eliminate unne
cessary expense incurred by
printing ballots. The executive
committee will act on the recom
mendation at its regular meeting
tonight. The nominees are Ken
Stewart for senior representative
to the executive committe; J. C.
"Nip" McHose for junior repre
sentative to the executive com
mittee; Charles White, '24, Dave
Tuthill, '23, and Raymond Tre
maine, '22, for the Union Board
of Governors, and T. F. "Bud"
Woodward fo rthe Board of Ath
letic Control.
No student body election will
be held tomorrow because all
candidates for office have been
nominated on a white ballot. P.
E. Glenn, '23, chairman of the
election board, today announced
that the board had recommended
to the executive committee that
the formality of election be dis
pensed with to eliminate unne
cessary expense incurred by
printing ballots. The executive
committee will act on the recom
mendation at its regular meeting
tonight. The nominees are Ken
Stewart for senior representative
to the executive committe; J. C.
"Nip" McHose for junior repre
sentative to the executive com
mittee; Charles White, '24, Dave
Tuthill, '23, and Raymond Tre
maine, '22, for the Union Board
of Governors, and T. F. "Bud"
Woodward fo rthe Board of Ath
letic Control.
No student body election will
be held tomorrow because all
candidates for office have been
nominated on a white ballot. P.
E. Glenn, '23, chairman of the
election board, today announced
that the board had recommended
to the executive committee that
the formality of election be dis
pensed with to eliminate unne
cessary expense incurred by
printing ballots. The executive
committee will act on the recom
mendation at its regular meeting
tonight. The nominees are Ken
Stewart for senior representative
to the executive committe; J. C.
"Nip" McHose for junior repre
sentative to the executive com
mittee; Charles White, '24, Dave
Tuthill, '23, and Raymond Tre
maine, '22, for the Union Board
of Governors, and T. F. "Bud"
Woodward fo rthe Board of Ath
letic Control.
No student body election will
be held tomorrow because all
candidates for office have been
nominated on a white ballot. P.
E. Glenn, '23, chairman of the
election board, today announced
that the board had recommended
to the executive committee that
the formality of election be dis
pensed with to eliminate unne
cessary expense incurred by
printing ballots. The executive
committee will act on the recom
mendation at its regular meeting
tonight. The nominees are Ken
Stewart for senior representative
to the executive committe; J. C.
"Nip" McHose for junior repre
sentative to the executive com
mittee; Charles White, '24, Dave
Tuthill, '23, and Raymond Tre
maine, '22, for the Union Board
of Governors, and T. F. "Bud"
Woodward fo rthe Board of Ath
letic Control.
No student body election will
be held tomorrow because all
candidates for office have been
nominated on a white ballot. P.
E. Glenn, '23, chairman of the
election board, today announced
that the board had recommended
to the executive committee that
the formality of election be dis
pensed with to eliminate unne
cessary expense incurred by
printing ballots. The executive
committee will act on the recom
mendation at its regular meeting
tonight. The nominees are Ken
Stewart for senior representative
to the executive committe; J. C.
"Nip" McHose for junior repre
sentative to the executive com
mittee; Charles White, '24, Dave
Tuthill, '23, and Raymond Tre
maine, '22, for the Union Board
of Governors, and T. F. "Bud"
Woodward fo rthe Board of Ath
letic Control.
No student body election will
be held tomorrow because all
candidates for office have been
nominated on a white ballot. P.
E. Glenn, '23, chairman of the
election board, today announced
that the board had recommended
to the executive committee that
the formality of election be dis
pensed with to eliminate unne
cessary expense incurred by
printing ballots. The executive
committee will act on the recom
mendation at its regular meeting
tonight. The nominees are Ken
Stewart for senior representative
to the executive committe; J. C.
"Nip" McHose for junior repre
sentative to the executive com
mittee; Charles White, '24, Dave
Tuthill, '23, and Raymond Tre
maine, '22, for the Union Board
of Governors, and T. F. "Bud"
Woodward fo rthe Board of Ath
letic Control.
No student body election will
be held tomorrow because all
candidates for office have been
nominated on a white ballot. P.
E. Glenn, '23, chairman of the
election board, today announced
that the board had recommended
to the executive committee that
the formality of election be dis
pensed with to eliminate unne
cessary expense incurred by
printing ballots. The executive
committee will act on the recom
mendation at its regular meeting
tonight. The nominees are Ken
Stewart for senior representative
to the executive committe; J. C.
"Nip" McHose for junior repre
sentative to the executive com
mittee; Charles White, '24, Dave
Tuthill, '23, and Raymond Tre
maine, '22, for the Union Board
of Governors, and T. F. "Bud"
Woodward fo rthe Board of Ath
letic Control.
No student body election will
be held tomorrow because all
candidates for office have been
nominated on a white ballot. P.
E. Glenn, '23, chairman of the
election board, today announced
that the board had recommended
to the executive committee that
the formality of election be dis
pensed with to eliminate unne
cessary expense incurred by
printing ballots. The executive
committee will act on the recom
mendation at its regular meeting
tonight. The nominees are Ken
Stewart for senior representative
to the executive committe; J. C.
"Nip" McHose for junior repre
sentative to the executive com
mittee; Charles White, '24, Dave
Tuthill, '23, and Raymond Tre
maine, '22, for the Union Board
of Governors, and T. F. "Bud"
Woodward fo rthe Board of Ath
letic Control.
No student body election will
be held tomorrow because all
candidates for office have been
nominated on a white ballot. P.
E. Glenn, '23, chairman of the
election board, today announced
that the board had recommended
to the executive committee that
the formality of election be dis
pensed with to eliminate unne
cessary expense incurred by
printing ballots. The executive
committee will act on the recom
mendation at its regular meeting
tonight. The nominees are Ken
Stewart for senior representative
to the executive committe; J. C.
"Nip" McHose for junior repre
sentative to the executive com
mittee; Charles White, '24, Dave
Tuthill, '23, and Raymond Tre
maine, '22, for the Union Board
of Governors, and T. F. "Bud"
Woodward fo rthe Board of Ath
letic Control.
