# Asian-American Course Offered
## 
### 
The first Asian-American
course offered in two years at
Stanford will be given this fall
under the Undergraduate Studies
Department.
The course, "Historical
Perspectives of Asians in
America," is designed to meet the
needs of students who have a
personal interest in the history,
experience and identity of Asians
in America. The class <vill deal
with economic, political and
social discrimination from an
Asian-American perspective.
Lectures, films and discussions
will also include an overview of
contemporary Asian-American
activities and community events.
The course will be taught by
Edison Uno, a charter faculty
member of the Asian-American
Studies Department at San
Francisco State University. He is
also on the board of directors of
the American Civil Liberties
Union.
The three-unit course will meet
on Wednesdays from 7 to 10 p.m.
in Junipero lounge, Wilbur Hall.
