# Marine Officer Information Here
## 
### 
Opportunities lor officer com
missions in the United States Ma
rino Corps will be explained to
interested Stanford students to
day, tomorow and Thursday be
tween 9 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
Both aviation and line officer
programs will be outlined. Inter
views will be conducted by Cap
tain Richard G. Schulze, USMC.
Opportunities lor officer com
missions in the United States Ma
rino Corps will be explained to
interested Stanford students to
day, tomorow and Thursday be
tween 9 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
Both aviation and line officer
programs will be outlined. Inter
views will be conducted by Cap
tain Richard G. Schulze, USMC.
Opportunities lor officer com
missions in the United States Ma
rino Corps will be explained to
interested Stanford students to
day, tomorow and Thursday be
tween 9 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
Both aviation and line officer
programs will be outlined. Inter
views will be conducted by Cap
tain Richard G. Schulze, USMC.
Opportunities lor officer com
missions in the United States Ma
rino Corps will be explained to
interested Stanford students to
day, tomorow and Thursday be
tween 9 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
Both aviation and line officer
programs will be outlined. Inter
views will be conducted by Cap
tain Richard G. Schulze, USMC.
Opportunities lor officer com
missions in the United States Ma
rino Corps will be explained to
interested Stanford students to
day, tomorow and Thursday be
tween 9 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
Both aviation and line officer
programs will be outlined. Inter
views will be conducted by Cap
tain Richard G. Schulze, USMC.
Opportunities lor officer com
missions in the United States Ma
rino Corps will be explained to
interested Stanford students to
day, tomorow and Thursday be
tween 9 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
Both aviation and line officer
programs will be outlined. Inter
views will be conducted by Cap
tain Richard G. Schulze, USMC.
Opportunities lor officer com
missions in the United States Ma
rino Corps will be explained to
interested Stanford students to
day, tomorow and Thursday be
tween 9 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
Both aviation and line officer
programs will be outlined. Inter
views will be conducted by Cap
tain Richard G. Schulze, USMC.
Opportunities lor officer com
missions in the United States Ma
rino Corps will be explained to
interested Stanford students to
day, tomorow and Thursday be
tween 9 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
Both aviation and line officer
programs will be outlined. Inter
views will be conducted by Cap
tain Richard G. Schulze, USMC.
Opportunities lor officer com
missions in the United States Ma
rino Corps will be explained to
interested Stanford students to
day, tomorow and Thursday be
tween 9 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
Both aviation and line officer
programs will be outlined. Inter
views will be conducted by Cap
tain Richard G. Schulze, USMC.
Opportunities lor officer com
missions in the United States Ma
rino Corps will be explained to
interested Stanford students to
day, tomorow and Thursday be
tween 9 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
Both aviation and line officer
programs will be outlined. Inter
views will be conducted by Cap
tain Richard G. Schulze, USMC.
Opportunities lor officer com
missions in the United States Ma
rino Corps will be explained to
interested Stanford students to
day, tomorow and Thursday be
tween 9 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
Both aviation and line officer
programs will be outlined. Inter
views will be conducted by Cap
tain Richard G. Schulze, USMC.
Opportunities lor officer com
missions in the United States Ma
rino Corps will be explained to
interested Stanford students to
day, tomorow and Thursday be
tween 9 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
Both aviation and line officer
programs will be outlined. Inter
views will be conducted by Cap
tain Richard G. Schulze, USMC.
Opportunities lor officer com
missions in the United States Ma
rino Corps will be explained to
interested Stanford students to
day, tomorow and Thursday be
tween 9 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
Both aviation and line officer
programs will be outlined. Inter
views will be conducted by Cap
tain Richard G. Schulze, USMC.
Opportunities lor officer com
missions in the United States Ma
rino Corps will be explained to
interested Stanford students to
day, tomorow and Thursday be
tween 9 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
Both aviation and line officer
programs will be outlined. Inter
views will be conducted by Cap
tain Richard G. Schulze, USMC.
Opportunities lor officer com
missions in the United States Ma
rino Corps will be explained to
interested Stanford students to
day, tomorow and Thursday be
tween 9 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
Both aviation and line officer
programs will be outlined. Inter
views will be conducted by Cap
tain Richard G. Schulze, USMC.
Opportunities lor officer com
missions in the United States Ma
rino Corps will be explained to
interested Stanford students to
day, tomorow and Thursday be
tween 9 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
Both aviation and line officer
programs will be outlined. Inter
views will be conducted by Cap
tain Richard G. Schulze, USMC.
