# Gal Netters Win
## 
### 
Stanford’s women’s tennis team
won the team trophy for the sec
ond year in the 11th Annual Jun
ior College Women’s Invitation
Tennis Tournament held here Fri
day and Saturday.
The College of Sequoias fin
ished second and Reedley College
tied with San Jose for third.
Stanford’s women’s tennis team
won the team trophy for the sec
ond year in the 11th Annual Jun
ior College Women’s Invitation
Tennis Tournament held here Fri
day and Saturday.
The College of Sequoias fin
ished second and Reedley College
tied with San Jose for third.
Stanford’s women’s tennis team
won the team trophy for the sec
ond year in the 11th Annual Jun
ior College Women’s Invitation
Tennis Tournament held here Fri
day and Saturday.
The College of Sequoias fin
ished second and Reedley College
tied with San Jose for third.
Stanford’s women’s tennis team
won the team trophy for the sec
ond year in the 11th Annual Jun
ior College Women’s Invitation
Tennis Tournament held here Fri
day and Saturday.
The College of Sequoias fin
ished second and Reedley College
tied with San Jose for third.
Stanford’s women’s tennis team
won the team trophy for the sec
ond year in the 11th Annual Jun
ior College Women’s Invitation
Tennis Tournament held here Fri
day and Saturday.
The College of Sequoias fin
ished second and Reedley College
tied with San Jose for third.
Stanford’s women’s tennis team
won the team trophy for the sec
ond year in the 11th Annual Jun
ior College Women’s Invitation
Tennis Tournament held here Fri
day and Saturday.
The College of Sequoias fin
ished second and Reedley College
tied with San Jose for third.
Stanford’s women’s tennis team
won the team trophy for the sec
ond year in the 11th Annual Jun
ior College Women’s Invitation
Tennis Tournament held here Fri
day and Saturday.
The College of Sequoias fin
ished second and Reedley College
tied with San Jose for third.
Stanford’s women’s tennis team
won the team trophy for the sec
ond year in the 11th Annual Jun
ior College Women’s Invitation
Tennis Tournament held here Fri
day and Saturday.
The College of Sequoias fin
ished second and Reedley College
tied with San Jose for third.
Stanford’s women’s tennis team
won the team trophy for the sec
ond year in the 11th Annual Jun
ior College Women’s Invitation
Tennis Tournament held here Fri
day and Saturday.
The College of Sequoias fin
ished second and Reedley College
tied with San Jose for third.
Stanford’s women’s tennis team
won the team trophy for the sec
ond year in the 11th Annual Jun
ior College Women’s Invitation
Tennis Tournament held here Fri
day and Saturday.
The College of Sequoias fin
ished second and Reedley College
tied with San Jose for third.
Stanford’s women’s tennis team
won the team trophy for the sec
ond year in the 11th Annual Jun
ior College Women’s Invitation
Tennis Tournament held here Fri
day and Saturday.
The College of Sequoias fin
ished second and Reedley College
tied with San Jose for third.
Stanford’s women’s tennis team
won the team trophy for the sec
ond year in the 11th Annual Jun
ior College Women’s Invitation
Tennis Tournament held here Fri
day and Saturday.
The College of Sequoias fin
ished second and Reedley College
tied with San Jose for third.
Stanford’s women’s tennis team
won the team trophy for the sec
ond year in the 11th Annual Jun
ior College Women’s Invitation
Tennis Tournament held here Fri
day and Saturday.
The College of Sequoias fin
ished second and Reedley College
tied with San Jose for third.
Stanford’s women’s tennis team
won the team trophy for the sec
ond year in the 11th Annual Jun
ior College Women’s Invitation
Tennis Tournament held here Fri
day and Saturday.
The College of Sequoias fin
ished second and Reedley College
tied with San Jose for third.
Stanford’s women’s tennis team
won the team trophy for the sec
ond year in the 11th Annual Jun
ior College Women’s Invitation
Tennis Tournament held here Fri
day and Saturday.
The College of Sequoias fin
ished second and Reedley College
tied with San Jose for third.
Stanford’s women’s tennis team
won the team trophy for the sec
ond year in the 11th Annual Jun
ior College Women’s Invitation
Tennis Tournament held here Fri
day and Saturday.
The College of Sequoias fin
ished second and Reedley College
tied with San Jose for third.
