# Relocation, Fund Drive For Clubs
## 
### 
A fund-raising drive fur the re
location of the Stanford Eating
Clubs to an area bounded by Lake
Lagunita, Santa Teresa St., Foot
hill Blvd. and the proposed pe
ripheral road has been announced
by Robert Wood, president of In
ter-Club Council.

Wood stated that ICC hopes to
lie in the project with the Ford
Foundation. In this case, the
clubs will move into the new loca
tion in five years. The drive is
to he headed by prominent alumni.
Plans now call for seven club
buildings, each of which will in
clude dining areas, social areas
and separate kitchens, and for a
230-man dormitory built on the
order of the fraternity clusters.

It is hoped that the University
will also provide faculty resi
dences on the site.
A fund-raising drive fur the re
location of the Stanford Eating
Clubs to an area bounded by Lake
Lagunita, Santa Teresa St., Foot
hill Blvd. and the proposed pe
ripheral road has been announced
by Robert Wood, president of In
ter-Club Council.

Wood stated that ICC hopes to
lie in the project with the Ford
Foundation. In this case, the
clubs will move into the new loca
tion in five years. The drive is
to he headed by prominent alumni.
Plans now call for seven club
buildings, each of which will in
clude dining areas, social areas
and separate kitchens, and for a
230-man dormitory built on the
order of the fraternity clusters.

It is hoped that the University
will also provide faculty resi
dences on the site.
A fund-raising drive fur the re
location of the Stanford Eating
Clubs to an area bounded by Lake
Lagunita, Santa Teresa St., Foot
hill Blvd. and the proposed pe
ripheral road has been announced
by Robert Wood, president of In
ter-Club Council.

Wood stated that ICC hopes to
lie in the project with the Ford
Foundation. In this case, the
clubs will move into the new loca
tion in five years. The drive is
to he headed by prominent alumni.
Plans now call for seven club
buildings, each of which will in
clude dining areas, social areas
and separate kitchens, and for a
230-man dormitory built on the
order of the fraternity clusters.

It is hoped that the University
will also provide faculty resi
dences on the site.
A fund-raising drive fur the re
location of the Stanford Eating
Clubs to an area bounded by Lake
Lagunita, Santa Teresa St., Foot
hill Blvd. and the proposed pe
ripheral road has been announced
by Robert Wood, president of In
ter-Club Council.

Wood stated that ICC hopes to
lie in the project with the Ford
Foundation. In this case, the
clubs will move into the new loca
tion in five years. The drive is
to he headed by prominent alumni.
Plans now call for seven club
buildings, each of which will in
clude dining areas, social areas
and separate kitchens, and for a
230-man dormitory built on the
order of the fraternity clusters.

It is hoped that the University
will also provide faculty resi
dences on the site.
A fund-raising drive fur the re
location of the Stanford Eating
Clubs to an area bounded by Lake
Lagunita, Santa Teresa St., Foot
hill Blvd. and the proposed pe
ripheral road has been announced
by Robert Wood, president of In
ter-Club Council.

Wood stated that ICC hopes to
lie in the project with the Ford
Foundation. In this case, the
clubs will move into the new loca
tion in five years. The drive is
to he headed by prominent alumni.
Plans now call for seven club
buildings, each of which will in
clude dining areas, social areas
and separate kitchens, and for a
230-man dormitory built on the
order of the fraternity clusters.

It is hoped that the University
will also provide faculty resi
dences on the site.
A fund-raising drive fur the re
location of the Stanford Eating
Clubs to an area bounded by Lake
Lagunita, Santa Teresa St., Foot
hill Blvd. and the proposed pe
ripheral road has been announced
by Robert Wood, president of In
ter-Club Council.

Wood stated that ICC hopes to
lie in the project with the Ford
Foundation. In this case, the
clubs will move into the new loca
tion in five years. The drive is
to he headed by prominent alumni.
Plans now call for seven club
buildings, each of which will in
clude dining areas, social areas
and separate kitchens, and for a
230-man dormitory built on the
order of the fraternity clusters.

It is hoped that the University
will also provide faculty resi
dences on the site.
A fund-raising drive fur the re
location of the Stanford Eating
Clubs to an area bounded by Lake
Lagunita, Santa Teresa St., Foot
hill Blvd. and the proposed pe
ripheral road has been announced
by Robert Wood, president of In
ter-Club Council.

Wood stated that ICC hopes to
lie in the project with the Ford
Foundation. In this case, the
clubs will move into the new loca
tion in five years. The drive is
to he headed by prominent alumni.
Plans now call for seven club
buildings, each of which will in
clude dining areas, social areas
and separate kitchens, and for a
230-man dormitory built on the
order of the fraternity clusters.

It is hoped that the University
will also provide faculty resi
dences on the site.
A fund-raising drive fur the re
location of the Stanford Eating
Clubs to an area bounded by Lake
Lagunita, Santa Teresa St., Foot
hill Blvd. and the proposed pe
ripheral road has been announced
by Robert Wood, president of In
ter-Club Council.

Wood stated that ICC hopes to
lie in the project with the Ford
Foundation. In this case, the
clubs will move into the new loca
tion in five years. The drive is
to he headed by prominent alumni.
Plans now call for seven club
buildings, each of which will in
clude dining areas, social areas
and separate kitchens, and for a
230-man dormitory built on the
order of the fraternity clusters.

It is hoped that the University
will also provide faculty resi
dences on the site.
A fund-raising drive fur the re
location of the Stanford Eating
Clubs to an area bounded by Lake
Lagunita, Santa Teresa St., Foot
hill Blvd. and the proposed pe
ripheral road has been announced
by Robert Wood, president of In
ter-Club Council.

Wood stated that ICC hopes to
lie in the project with the Ford
Foundation. In this case, the
clubs will move into the new loca
tion in five years. The drive is
to he headed by prominent alumni.
Plans now call for seven club
buildings, each of which will in
clude dining areas, social areas
and separate kitchens, and for a
230-man dormitory built on the
order of the fraternity clusters.

It is hoped that the University
will also provide faculty resi
dences on the site.
A fund-raising drive fur the re
location of the Stanford Eating
Clubs to an area bounded by Lake
Lagunita, Santa Teresa St., Foot
hill Blvd. and the proposed pe
ripheral road has been announced
by Robert Wood, president of In
ter-Club Council.

Wood stated that ICC hopes to
lie in the project with the Ford
Foundation. In this case, the
clubs will move into the new loca
tion in five years. The drive is
to he headed by prominent alumni.
Plans now call for seven club
buildings, each of which will in
clude dining areas, social areas
and separate kitchens, and for a
230-man dormitory built on the
order of the fraternity clusters.

It is hoped that the University
will also provide faculty resi
dences on the site.
A fund-raising drive fur the re
location of the Stanford Eating
Clubs to an area bounded by Lake
Lagunita, Santa Teresa St., Foot
hill Blvd. and the proposed pe
ripheral road has been announced
by Robert Wood, president of In
ter-Club Council.

Wood stated that ICC hopes to
lie in the project with the Ford
Foundation. In this case, the
clubs will move into the new loca
tion in five years. The drive is
to he headed by prominent alumni.
Plans now call for seven club
buildings, each of which will in
clude dining areas, social areas
and separate kitchens, and for a
230-man dormitory built on the
order of the fraternity clusters.

It is hoped that the University
will also provide faculty resi
dences on the site.
A fund-raising drive fur the re
location of the Stanford Eating
Clubs to an area bounded by Lake
Lagunita, Santa Teresa St., Foot
hill Blvd. and the proposed pe
ripheral road has been announced
by Robert Wood, president of In
ter-Club Council.

Wood stated that ICC hopes to
lie in the project with the Ford
Foundation. In this case, the
clubs will move into the new loca
tion in five years. The drive is
to he headed by prominent alumni.
Plans now call for seven club
buildings, each of which will in
clude dining areas, social areas
and separate kitchens, and for a
230-man dormitory built on the
order of the fraternity clusters.

It is hoped that the University
will also provide faculty resi
dences on the site.
A fund-raising drive fur the re
location of the Stanford Eating
Clubs to an area bounded by Lake
Lagunita, Santa Teresa St., Foot
hill Blvd. and the proposed pe
ripheral road has been announced
by Robert Wood, president of In
ter-Club Council.

Wood stated that ICC hopes to
lie in the project with the Ford
Foundation. In this case, the
clubs will move into the new loca
tion in five years. The drive is
to he headed by prominent alumni.
Plans now call for seven club
buildings, each of which will in
clude dining areas, social areas
and separate kitchens, and for a
230-man dormitory built on the
order of the fraternity clusters.

It is hoped that the University
will also provide faculty resi
dences on the site.
A fund-raising drive fur the re
location of the Stanford Eating
Clubs to an area bounded by Lake
Lagunita, Santa Teresa St., Foot
hill Blvd. and the proposed pe
ripheral road has been announced
by Robert Wood, president of In
ter-Club Council.

Wood stated that ICC hopes to
lie in the project with the Ford
Foundation. In this case, the
clubs will move into the new loca
tion in five years. The drive is
to he headed by prominent alumni.
Plans now call for seven club
buildings, each of which will in
clude dining areas, social areas
and separate kitchens, and for a
230-man dormitory built on the
order of the fraternity clusters.

It is hoped that the University
will also provide faculty resi
dences on the site.
A fund-raising drive fur the re
location of the Stanford Eating
Clubs to an area bounded by Lake
Lagunita, Santa Teresa St., Foot
hill Blvd. and the proposed pe
ripheral road has been announced
by Robert Wood, president of In
ter-Club Council.

Wood stated that ICC hopes to
lie in the project with the Ford
Foundation. In this case, the
clubs will move into the new loca
tion in five years. The drive is
to he headed by prominent alumni.
Plans now call for seven club
buildings, each of which will in
clude dining areas, social areas
and separate kitchens, and for a
230-man dormitory built on the
order of the fraternity clusters.

It is hoped that the University
will also provide faculty resi
dences on the site.
A fund-raising drive fur the re
location of the Stanford Eating
Clubs to an area bounded by Lake
Lagunita, Santa Teresa St., Foot
hill Blvd. and the proposed pe
ripheral road has been announced
by Robert Wood, president of In
ter-Club Council.

Wood stated that ICC hopes to
lie in the project with the Ford
Foundation. In this case, the
clubs will move into the new loca
tion in five years. The drive is
to he headed by prominent alumni.
Plans now call for seven club
buildings, each of which will in
clude dining areas, social areas
and separate kitchens, and for a
230-man dormitory built on the
order of the fraternity clusters.

It is hoped that the University
will also provide faculty resi
dences on the site.
