# Chem Engineer Meeting
## 
### 
Undergraduates enrolled in the
chemical engineering program may
attend a meeting on tuture revisions
in chemical engineering courses this
afternoon.
The meeting will be held at 4 in
Room 20, Chemistry Building. Stu
dents will have the opportunity to
ask general questions concerning the
chemical engineering curriculum, the
Department said.
Undergraduates enrolled in the
chemical engineering program may
attend a meeting on tuture revisions
in chemical engineering courses this
afternoon.
The meeting will be held at 4 in
Room 20, Chemistry Building. Stu
dents will have the opportunity to
ask general questions concerning the
chemical engineering curriculum, the
Department said.
Undergraduates enrolled in the
chemical engineering program may
attend a meeting on tuture revisions
in chemical engineering courses this
afternoon.
The meeting will be held at 4 in
Room 20, Chemistry Building. Stu
dents will have the opportunity to
ask general questions concerning the
chemical engineering curriculum, the
Department said.
Undergraduates enrolled in the
chemical engineering program may
attend a meeting on tuture revisions
in chemical engineering courses this
afternoon.
The meeting will be held at 4 in
Room 20, Chemistry Building. Stu
dents will have the opportunity to
ask general questions concerning the
chemical engineering curriculum, the
Department said.
Undergraduates enrolled in the
chemical engineering program may
attend a meeting on tuture revisions
in chemical engineering courses this
afternoon.
The meeting will be held at 4 in
Room 20, Chemistry Building. Stu
dents will have the opportunity to
ask general questions concerning the
chemical engineering curriculum, the
Department said.
Undergraduates enrolled in the
chemical engineering program may
attend a meeting on tuture revisions
in chemical engineering courses this
afternoon.
The meeting will be held at 4 in
Room 20, Chemistry Building. Stu
dents will have the opportunity to
ask general questions concerning the
chemical engineering curriculum, the
Department said.
Undergraduates enrolled in the
chemical engineering program may
attend a meeting on tuture revisions
in chemical engineering courses this
afternoon.
The meeting will be held at 4 in
Room 20, Chemistry Building. Stu
dents will have the opportunity to
ask general questions concerning the
chemical engineering curriculum, the
Department said.
Undergraduates enrolled in the
chemical engineering program may
attend a meeting on tuture revisions
in chemical engineering courses this
afternoon.
The meeting will be held at 4 in
Room 20, Chemistry Building. Stu
dents will have the opportunity to
ask general questions concerning the
chemical engineering curriculum, the
Department said.
Undergraduates enrolled in the
chemical engineering program may
attend a meeting on tuture revisions
in chemical engineering courses this
afternoon.
The meeting will be held at 4 in
Room 20, Chemistry Building. Stu
dents will have the opportunity to
ask general questions concerning the
chemical engineering curriculum, the
Department said.
Undergraduates enrolled in the
chemical engineering program may
attend a meeting on tuture revisions
in chemical engineering courses this
afternoon.
The meeting will be held at 4 in
Room 20, Chemistry Building. Stu
dents will have the opportunity to
ask general questions concerning the
chemical engineering curriculum, the
Department said.
Undergraduates enrolled in the
chemical engineering program may
attend a meeting on tuture revisions
in chemical engineering courses this
afternoon.
The meeting will be held at 4 in
Room 20, Chemistry Building. Stu
dents will have the opportunity to
ask general questions concerning the
chemical engineering curriculum, the
Department said.
Undergraduates enrolled in the
chemical engineering program may
attend a meeting on tuture revisions
in chemical engineering courses this
afternoon.
The meeting will be held at 4 in
Room 20, Chemistry Building. Stu
dents will have the opportunity to
ask general questions concerning the
chemical engineering curriculum, the
Department said.
Undergraduates enrolled in the
chemical engineering program may
attend a meeting on tuture revisions
in chemical engineering courses this
afternoon.
The meeting will be held at 4 in
Room 20, Chemistry Building. Stu
dents will have the opportunity to
ask general questions concerning the
chemical engineering curriculum, the
Department said.
Undergraduates enrolled in the
chemical engineering program may
attend a meeting on tuture revisions
in chemical engineering courses this
afternoon.
The meeting will be held at 4 in
Room 20, Chemistry Building. Stu
dents will have the opportunity to
ask general questions concerning the
chemical engineering curriculum, the
Department said.
Undergraduates enrolled in the
chemical engineering program may
attend a meeting on tuture revisions
in chemical engineering courses this
afternoon.
The meeting will be held at 4 in
Room 20, Chemistry Building. Stu
dents will have the opportunity to
ask general questions concerning the
chemical engineering curriculum, the
Department said.
