# On-campus music this weekend
## 
### 
An evening of classical and
contemporary music, includ
ing a world premiere of one
piece, will be presented by
three Stanford students this
Saturday night at 8 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium,
free-of-charge.
John Zorn, a senior clarinet
player majoring in music,
Karen Mendius, a cellist and a
sophomore biology major,
and Christopher Salocks, a
pianist and a D.M.A. (Doctor
of Musical Arts) candidate
comprise the student trio.
The program includes
Beethoven's Sonata for Cello
and Piano, op.'s 102, no. 1;
Schumann's Fantasy Pieces
for Clarinet and Piano, opus
73; Trio in G Minor, opus 94
by Wilhelm Berger, and the
world premier of a contem
porary piece by a Swiss Com
poser, Ernst Levy, entitled
Soliloquy for Unaccom
panied Clarinet.

Bay Area audiences will
have a rare opportunity to
hear one of Franz Schubert's
major dramatic vocal works
performed as audiences of the
time might have heard it
when Nile Norton, tenor, and
Margaret Fabrizio, playing a
piano of the period, present
the complete song cycle Die
Schone Mullerin on Sunday,
January 16, at 3 p.m. in An
nenberg Auditorium.
Die Schone Mullerin, com
posed in 1823 when Schubert
was 26, is a setting of 20
poems by Wilhelm Muller.
Described as an "opus of
amazing perfection and un
ity," it tells the tragic
romantic story of a young
journeyman miller jilted in
love by a pretty miller's
daughter.
An evening of classical and
contemporary music, includ
ing a world premiere of one
piece, will be presented by
three Stanford students this
Saturday night at 8 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium,
free-of-charge.
John Zorn, a senior clarinet
player majoring in music,
Karen Mendius, a cellist and a
sophomore biology major,
and Christopher Salocks, a
pianist and a D.M.A. (Doctor
of Musical Arts) candidate
comprise the student trio.
The program includes
Beethoven's Sonata for Cello
and Piano, op.'s 102, no. 1;
Schumann's Fantasy Pieces
for Clarinet and Piano, opus
73; Trio in G Minor, opus 94
by Wilhelm Berger, and the
world premier of a contem
porary piece by a Swiss Com
poser, Ernst Levy, entitled
Soliloquy for Unaccom
panied Clarinet.

Bay Area audiences will
have a rare opportunity to
hear one of Franz Schubert's
major dramatic vocal works
performed as audiences of the
time might have heard it
when Nile Norton, tenor, and
Margaret Fabrizio, playing a
piano of the period, present
the complete song cycle Die
Schone Mullerin on Sunday,
January 16, at 3 p.m. in An
nenberg Auditorium.
Die Schone Mullerin, com
posed in 1823 when Schubert
was 26, is a setting of 20
poems by Wilhelm Muller.
Described as an "opus of
amazing perfection and un
ity," it tells the tragic
romantic story of a young
journeyman miller jilted in
love by a pretty miller's
daughter.
An evening of classical and
contemporary music, includ
ing a world premiere of one
piece, will be presented by
three Stanford students this
Saturday night at 8 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium,
free-of-charge.
John Zorn, a senior clarinet
player majoring in music,
Karen Mendius, a cellist and a
sophomore biology major,
and Christopher Salocks, a
pianist and a D.M.A. (Doctor
of Musical Arts) candidate
comprise the student trio.
The program includes
Beethoven's Sonata for Cello
and Piano, op.'s 102, no. 1;
Schumann's Fantasy Pieces
for Clarinet and Piano, opus
73; Trio in G Minor, opus 94
by Wilhelm Berger, and the
world premier of a contem
porary piece by a Swiss Com
poser, Ernst Levy, entitled
Soliloquy for Unaccom
panied Clarinet.

Bay Area audiences will
have a rare opportunity to
hear one of Franz Schubert's
major dramatic vocal works
performed as audiences of the
time might have heard it
when Nile Norton, tenor, and
Margaret Fabrizio, playing a
piano of the period, present
the complete song cycle Die
Schone Mullerin on Sunday,
January 16, at 3 p.m. in An
nenberg Auditorium.
Die Schone Mullerin, com
posed in 1823 when Schubert
was 26, is a setting of 20
poems by Wilhelm Muller.
Described as an "opus of
amazing perfection and un
ity," it tells the tragic
romantic story of a young
journeyman miller jilted in
love by a pretty miller's
daughter.
An evening of classical and
contemporary music, includ
ing a world premiere of one
piece, will be presented by
three Stanford students this
Saturday night at 8 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium,
free-of-charge.
John Zorn, a senior clarinet
player majoring in music,
Karen Mendius, a cellist and a
sophomore biology major,
and Christopher Salocks, a
pianist and a D.M.A. (Doctor
of Musical Arts) candidate
comprise the student trio.
The program includes
Beethoven's Sonata for Cello
and Piano, op.'s 102, no. 1;
Schumann's Fantasy Pieces
for Clarinet and Piano, opus
73; Trio in G Minor, opus 94
by Wilhelm Berger, and the
world premier of a contem
porary piece by a Swiss Com
poser, Ernst Levy, entitled
Soliloquy for Unaccom
panied Clarinet.

Bay Area audiences will
have a rare opportunity to
hear one of Franz Schubert's
major dramatic vocal works
performed as audiences of the
time might have heard it
when Nile Norton, tenor, and
Margaret Fabrizio, playing a
piano of the period, present
the complete song cycle Die
Schone Mullerin on Sunday,
January 16, at 3 p.m. in An
nenberg Auditorium.
Die Schone Mullerin, com
posed in 1823 when Schubert
was 26, is a setting of 20
poems by Wilhelm Muller.
Described as an "opus of
amazing perfection and un
ity," it tells the tragic
romantic story of a young
journeyman miller jilted in
love by a pretty miller's
daughter.
An evening of classical and
contemporary music, includ
ing a world premiere of one
piece, will be presented by
three Stanford students this
Saturday night at 8 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium,
free-of-charge.
John Zorn, a senior clarinet
player majoring in music,
Karen Mendius, a cellist and a
sophomore biology major,
and Christopher Salocks, a
pianist and a D.M.A. (Doctor
of Musical Arts) candidate
comprise the student trio.
The program includes
Beethoven's Sonata for Cello
and Piano, op.'s 102, no. 1;
Schumann's Fantasy Pieces
for Clarinet and Piano, opus
73; Trio in G Minor, opus 94
by Wilhelm Berger, and the
world premier of a contem
porary piece by a Swiss Com
poser, Ernst Levy, entitled
Soliloquy for Unaccom
panied Clarinet.

Bay Area audiences will
have a rare opportunity to
hear one of Franz Schubert's
major dramatic vocal works
performed as audiences of the
time might have heard it
when Nile Norton, tenor, and
Margaret Fabrizio, playing a
piano of the period, present
the complete song cycle Die
Schone Mullerin on Sunday,
January 16, at 3 p.m. in An
nenberg Auditorium.
Die Schone Mullerin, com
posed in 1823 when Schubert
was 26, is a setting of 20
poems by Wilhelm Muller.
Described as an "opus of
amazing perfection and un
ity," it tells the tragic
romantic story of a young
journeyman miller jilted in
love by a pretty miller's
daughter.
An evening of classical and
contemporary music, includ
ing a world premiere of one
piece, will be presented by
three Stanford students this
Saturday night at 8 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium,
free-of-charge.
John Zorn, a senior clarinet
player majoring in music,
Karen Mendius, a cellist and a
sophomore biology major,
and Christopher Salocks, a
pianist and a D.M.A. (Doctor
of Musical Arts) candidate
comprise the student trio.
The program includes
Beethoven's Sonata for Cello
and Piano, op.'s 102, no. 1;
Schumann's Fantasy Pieces
for Clarinet and Piano, opus
73; Trio in G Minor, opus 94
by Wilhelm Berger, and the
world premier of a contem
porary piece by a Swiss Com
poser, Ernst Levy, entitled
Soliloquy for Unaccom
panied Clarinet.

Bay Area audiences will
have a rare opportunity to
hear one of Franz Schubert's
major dramatic vocal works
performed as audiences of the
time might have heard it
when Nile Norton, tenor, and
Margaret Fabrizio, playing a
piano of the period, present
the complete song cycle Die
Schone Mullerin on Sunday,
January 16, at 3 p.m. in An
nenberg Auditorium.
Die Schone Mullerin, com
posed in 1823 when Schubert
was 26, is a setting of 20
poems by Wilhelm Muller.
Described as an "opus of
amazing perfection and un
ity," it tells the tragic
romantic story of a young
journeyman miller jilted in
love by a pretty miller's
daughter.
An evening of classical and
contemporary music, includ
ing a world premiere of one
piece, will be presented by
three Stanford students this
Saturday night at 8 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium,
free-of-charge.
John Zorn, a senior clarinet
player majoring in music,
Karen Mendius, a cellist and a
sophomore biology major,
and Christopher Salocks, a
pianist and a D.M.A. (Doctor
of Musical Arts) candidate
comprise the student trio.
The program includes
Beethoven's Sonata for Cello
and Piano, op.'s 102, no. 1;
Schumann's Fantasy Pieces
for Clarinet and Piano, opus
73; Trio in G Minor, opus 94
by Wilhelm Berger, and the
world premier of a contem
porary piece by a Swiss Com
poser, Ernst Levy, entitled
Soliloquy for Unaccom
panied Clarinet.

Bay Area audiences will
have a rare opportunity to
hear one of Franz Schubert's
major dramatic vocal works
performed as audiences of the
time might have heard it
when Nile Norton, tenor, and
Margaret Fabrizio, playing a
piano of the period, present
the complete song cycle Die
Schone Mullerin on Sunday,
January 16, at 3 p.m. in An
nenberg Auditorium.
Die Schone Mullerin, com
posed in 1823 when Schubert
was 26, is a setting of 20
poems by Wilhelm Muller.
Described as an "opus of
amazing perfection and un
ity," it tells the tragic
romantic story of a young
journeyman miller jilted in
love by a pretty miller's
daughter.
An evening of classical and
contemporary music, includ
ing a world premiere of one
piece, will be presented by
three Stanford students this
Saturday night at 8 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium,
free-of-charge.
John Zorn, a senior clarinet
player majoring in music,
Karen Mendius, a cellist and a
sophomore biology major,
and Christopher Salocks, a
pianist and a D.M.A. (Doctor
of Musical Arts) candidate
comprise the student trio.
The program includes
Beethoven's Sonata for Cello
and Piano, op.'s 102, no. 1;
Schumann's Fantasy Pieces
for Clarinet and Piano, opus
73; Trio in G Minor, opus 94
by Wilhelm Berger, and the
world premier of a contem
porary piece by a Swiss Com
poser, Ernst Levy, entitled
Soliloquy for Unaccom
panied Clarinet.

Bay Area audiences will
have a rare opportunity to
hear one of Franz Schubert's
major dramatic vocal works
performed as audiences of the
time might have heard it
when Nile Norton, tenor, and
Margaret Fabrizio, playing a
piano of the period, present
the complete song cycle Die
Schone Mullerin on Sunday,
January 16, at 3 p.m. in An
nenberg Auditorium.
Die Schone Mullerin, com
posed in 1823 when Schubert
was 26, is a setting of 20
poems by Wilhelm Muller.
Described as an "opus of
amazing perfection and un
ity," it tells the tragic
romantic story of a young
journeyman miller jilted in
love by a pretty miller's
daughter.
An evening of classical and
contemporary music, includ
ing a world premiere of one
piece, will be presented by
three Stanford students this
Saturday night at 8 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium,
free-of-charge.
John Zorn, a senior clarinet
player majoring in music,
Karen Mendius, a cellist and a
sophomore biology major,
and Christopher Salocks, a
pianist and a D.M.A. (Doctor
of Musical Arts) candidate
comprise the student trio.
The program includes
Beethoven's Sonata for Cello
and Piano, op.'s 102, no. 1;
Schumann's Fantasy Pieces
for Clarinet and Piano, opus
73; Trio in G Minor, opus 94
by Wilhelm Berger, and the
world premier of a contem
porary piece by a Swiss Com
poser, Ernst Levy, entitled
Soliloquy for Unaccom
panied Clarinet.

Bay Area audiences will
have a rare opportunity to
hear one of Franz Schubert's
major dramatic vocal works
performed as audiences of the
time might have heard it
when Nile Norton, tenor, and
Margaret Fabrizio, playing a
piano of the period, present
the complete song cycle Die
Schone Mullerin on Sunday,
January 16, at 3 p.m. in An
nenberg Auditorium.
Die Schone Mullerin, com
posed in 1823 when Schubert
was 26, is a setting of 20
poems by Wilhelm Muller.
Described as an "opus of
amazing perfection and un
ity," it tells the tragic
romantic story of a young
journeyman miller jilted in
love by a pretty miller's
daughter.
An evening of classical and
contemporary music, includ
ing a world premiere of one
piece, will be presented by
three Stanford students this
Saturday night at 8 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium,
free-of-charge.
John Zorn, a senior clarinet
player majoring in music,
Karen Mendius, a cellist and a
sophomore biology major,
and Christopher Salocks, a
pianist and a D.M.A. (Doctor
of Musical Arts) candidate
comprise the student trio.
The program includes
Beethoven's Sonata for Cello
and Piano, op.'s 102, no. 1;
Schumann's Fantasy Pieces
for Clarinet and Piano, opus
73; Trio in G Minor, opus 94
by Wilhelm Berger, and the
world premier of a contem
porary piece by a Swiss Com
poser, Ernst Levy, entitled
Soliloquy for Unaccom
panied Clarinet.

Bay Area audiences will
have a rare opportunity to
hear one of Franz Schubert's
major dramatic vocal works
performed as audiences of the
time might have heard it
when Nile Norton, tenor, and
Margaret Fabrizio, playing a
piano of the period, present
the complete song cycle Die
Schone Mullerin on Sunday,
January 16, at 3 p.m. in An
nenberg Auditorium.
Die Schone Mullerin, com
posed in 1823 when Schubert
was 26, is a setting of 20
poems by Wilhelm Muller.
Described as an "opus of
amazing perfection and un
ity," it tells the tragic
romantic story of a young
journeyman miller jilted in
love by a pretty miller's
daughter.
An evening of classical and
contemporary music, includ
ing a world premiere of one
piece, will be presented by
three Stanford students this
Saturday night at 8 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium,
free-of-charge.
John Zorn, a senior clarinet
player majoring in music,
Karen Mendius, a cellist and a
sophomore biology major,
and Christopher Salocks, a
pianist and a D.M.A. (Doctor
of Musical Arts) candidate
comprise the student trio.
The program includes
Beethoven's Sonata for Cello
and Piano, op.'s 102, no. 1;
Schumann's Fantasy Pieces
for Clarinet and Piano, opus
73; Trio in G Minor, opus 94
by Wilhelm Berger, and the
world premier of a contem
porary piece by a Swiss Com
poser, Ernst Levy, entitled
Soliloquy for Unaccom
panied Clarinet.

Bay Area audiences will
have a rare opportunity to
hear one of Franz Schubert's
major dramatic vocal works
performed as audiences of the
time might have heard it
when Nile Norton, tenor, and
Margaret Fabrizio, playing a
piano of the period, present
the complete song cycle Die
Schone Mullerin on Sunday,
January 16, at 3 p.m. in An
nenberg Auditorium.
Die Schone Mullerin, com
posed in 1823 when Schubert
was 26, is a setting of 20
poems by Wilhelm Muller.
Described as an "opus of
amazing perfection and un
ity," it tells the tragic
romantic story of a young
journeyman miller jilted in
love by a pretty miller's
daughter.
An evening of classical and
contemporary music, includ
ing a world premiere of one
piece, will be presented by
three Stanford students this
Saturday night at 8 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium,
free-of-charge.
John Zorn, a senior clarinet
player majoring in music,
Karen Mendius, a cellist and a
sophomore biology major,
and Christopher Salocks, a
pianist and a D.M.A. (Doctor
of Musical Arts) candidate
comprise the student trio.
The program includes
Beethoven's Sonata for Cello
and Piano, op.'s 102, no. 1;
Schumann's Fantasy Pieces
for Clarinet and Piano, opus
73; Trio in G Minor, opus 94
by Wilhelm Berger, and the
world premier of a contem
porary piece by a Swiss Com
poser, Ernst Levy, entitled
Soliloquy for Unaccom
panied Clarinet.

Bay Area audiences will
have a rare opportunity to
hear one of Franz Schubert's
major dramatic vocal works
performed as audiences of the
time might have heard it
when Nile Norton, tenor, and
Margaret Fabrizio, playing a
piano of the period, present
the complete song cycle Die
Schone Mullerin on Sunday,
January 16, at 3 p.m. in An
nenberg Auditorium.
Die Schone Mullerin, com
posed in 1823 when Schubert
was 26, is a setting of 20
poems by Wilhelm Muller.
Described as an "opus of
amazing perfection and un
ity," it tells the tragic
romantic story of a young
journeyman miller jilted in
love by a pretty miller's
daughter.
An evening of classical and
contemporary music, includ
ing a world premiere of one
piece, will be presented by
three Stanford students this
Saturday night at 8 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium,
free-of-charge.
John Zorn, a senior clarinet
player majoring in music,
Karen Mendius, a cellist and a
sophomore biology major,
and Christopher Salocks, a
pianist and a D.M.A. (Doctor
of Musical Arts) candidate
comprise the student trio.
The program includes
Beethoven's Sonata for Cello
and Piano, op.'s 102, no. 1;
Schumann's Fantasy Pieces
for Clarinet and Piano, opus
73; Trio in G Minor, opus 94
by Wilhelm Berger, and the
world premier of a contem
porary piece by a Swiss Com
poser, Ernst Levy, entitled
Soliloquy for Unaccom
panied Clarinet.

Bay Area audiences will
have a rare opportunity to
hear one of Franz Schubert's
major dramatic vocal works
performed as audiences of the
time might have heard it
when Nile Norton, tenor, and
Margaret Fabrizio, playing a
piano of the period, present
the complete song cycle Die
Schone Mullerin on Sunday,
January 16, at 3 p.m. in An
nenberg Auditorium.
Die Schone Mullerin, com
posed in 1823 when Schubert
was 26, is a setting of 20
poems by Wilhelm Muller.
Described as an "opus of
amazing perfection and un
ity," it tells the tragic
romantic story of a young
journeyman miller jilted in
love by a pretty miller's
daughter.
An evening of classical and
contemporary music, includ
ing a world premiere of one
piece, will be presented by
three Stanford students this
Saturday night at 8 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium,
free-of-charge.
John Zorn, a senior clarinet
player majoring in music,
Karen Mendius, a cellist and a
sophomore biology major,
and Christopher Salocks, a
pianist and a D.M.A. (Doctor
of Musical Arts) candidate
comprise the student trio.
The program includes
Beethoven's Sonata for Cello
and Piano, op.'s 102, no. 1;
Schumann's Fantasy Pieces
for Clarinet and Piano, opus
73; Trio in G Minor, opus 94
by Wilhelm Berger, and the
world premier of a contem
porary piece by a Swiss Com
poser, Ernst Levy, entitled
Soliloquy for Unaccom
panied Clarinet.

Bay Area audiences will
have a rare opportunity to
hear one of Franz Schubert's
major dramatic vocal works
performed as audiences of the
time might have heard it
when Nile Norton, tenor, and
Margaret Fabrizio, playing a
piano of the period, present
the complete song cycle Die
Schone Mullerin on Sunday,
January 16, at 3 p.m. in An
nenberg Auditorium.
Die Schone Mullerin, com
posed in 1823 when Schubert
was 26, is a setting of 20
poems by Wilhelm Muller.
Described as an "opus of
amazing perfection and un
ity," it tells the tragic
romantic story of a young
journeyman miller jilted in
love by a pretty miller's
daughter.
