# Bug Me
## 
### Vilia Kakis 
Why is there no poor box in
Memorial Church?
-A.C.L.
According to a reliable source
in Mem Chu, who wishes to re
main anonymous, the reason lies
in the final wishes of our found
ing family, the Leland Stanfords.
Apparently Mrs. Stanford
specifically stated in her will
that no formal collections would
be taken up inside the Church.
My secret source speculates Mrs.
Stanford's aim was to take the
burden of giving contributions
off of the students.
Nevertheless, money is still
contributed within the hallowed
walls of the church, mostly by
tourists who inadvertently pitch
coins into the baptismal font.
The money is then collected and
put into a gift fund.
And, says the spokesperson,
when the cause is deemed
worthwhile, thereareother ways
of raising money. An advisory
board, consisting of 20 students,
has started collections for vari
ous hunger and poverty projects.
I or example, the group has col
lected for CARE and for KUA
NYIN, a medical program in
Canada. People usually respond

by sending checks to the church
office.
Heeeeeeey, friends and
neighbors, The Bug is back from
an extended Christmas vacation
and ready to take a shot at
answering your questions. If
something on campus is bugging
you, send or bring your queries
to The Bug, Stanford Daily,
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, 94305.

Why is there no poor box in
Memorial Church?
-A.C.L.
According to a reliable source
in Mem Chu, who wishes to re
main anonymous, the reason lies
in the final wishes of our found
ing family, the Leland Stanfords.
Apparently Mrs. Stanford
specifically stated in her will
that no formal collections would
be taken up inside the Church.
My secret source speculates Mrs.
Stanford's aim was to take the
burden of giving contributions
off of the students.
Nevertheless, money is still
contributed within the hallowed
walls of the church, mostly by
tourists who inadvertently pitch
coins into the baptismal font.
The money is then collected and
put into a gift fund.
And, says the spokesperson,
when the cause is deemed
worthwhile, thereareother ways
of raising money. An advisory
board, consisting of 20 students,
has started collections for vari
ous hunger and poverty projects.
I or example, the group has col
lected for CARE and for KUA
NYIN, a medical program in
Canada. People usually respond

by sending checks to the church
office.
Heeeeeeey, friends and
neighbors, The Bug is back from
an extended Christmas vacation
and ready to take a shot at
answering your questions. If
something on campus is bugging
you, send or bring your queries
to The Bug, Stanford Daily,
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, 94305.

Why is there no poor box in
Memorial Church?
-A.C.L.
According to a reliable source
in Mem Chu, who wishes to re
main anonymous, the reason lies
in the final wishes of our found
ing family, the Leland Stanfords.
Apparently Mrs. Stanford
specifically stated in her will
that no formal collections would
be taken up inside the Church.
My secret source speculates Mrs.
Stanford's aim was to take the
burden of giving contributions
off of the students.
Nevertheless, money is still
contributed within the hallowed
walls of the church, mostly by
tourists who inadvertently pitch
coins into the baptismal font.
The money is then collected and
put into a gift fund.
And, says the spokesperson,
when the cause is deemed
worthwhile, thereareother ways
of raising money. An advisory
board, consisting of 20 students,
has started collections for vari
ous hunger and poverty projects.
I or example, the group has col
lected for CARE and for KUA
NYIN, a medical program in
Canada. People usually respond

by sending checks to the church
office.
Heeeeeeey, friends and
neighbors, The Bug is back from
an extended Christmas vacation
and ready to take a shot at
answering your questions. If
something on campus is bugging
you, send or bring your queries
to The Bug, Stanford Daily,
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, 94305.

Why is there no poor box in
Memorial Church?
-A.C.L.
According to a reliable source
in Mem Chu, who wishes to re
main anonymous, the reason lies
in the final wishes of our found
ing family, the Leland Stanfords.
Apparently Mrs. Stanford
specifically stated in her will
that no formal collections would
be taken up inside the Church.
My secret source speculates Mrs.
Stanford's aim was to take the
burden of giving contributions
off of the students.
Nevertheless, money is still
contributed within the hallowed
walls of the church, mostly by
tourists who inadvertently pitch
coins into the baptismal font.
The money is then collected and
put into a gift fund.
And, says the spokesperson,
when the cause is deemed
worthwhile, thereareother ways
of raising money. An advisory
board, consisting of 20 students,
has started collections for vari
ous hunger and poverty projects.
I or example, the group has col
lected for CARE and for KUA
NYIN, a medical program in
Canada. People usually respond

by sending checks to the church
office.
Heeeeeeey, friends and
neighbors, The Bug is back from
an extended Christmas vacation
and ready to take a shot at
answering your questions. If
something on campus is bugging
you, send or bring your queries
to The Bug, Stanford Daily,
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, 94305.

Why is there no poor box in
Memorial Church?
-A.C.L.
According to a reliable source
in Mem Chu, who wishes to re
main anonymous, the reason lies
in the final wishes of our found
ing family, the Leland Stanfords.
Apparently Mrs. Stanford
specifically stated in her will
that no formal collections would
be taken up inside the Church.
My secret source speculates Mrs.
Stanford's aim was to take the
burden of giving contributions
off of the students.
Nevertheless, money is still
contributed within the hallowed
walls of the church, mostly by
tourists who inadvertently pitch
coins into the baptismal font.
The money is then collected and
put into a gift fund.
And, says the spokesperson,
when the cause is deemed
worthwhile, thereareother ways
of raising money. An advisory
board, consisting of 20 students,
has started collections for vari
ous hunger and poverty projects.
I or example, the group has col
lected for CARE and for KUA
NYIN, a medical program in
Canada. People usually respond

by sending checks to the church
office.
Heeeeeeey, friends and
neighbors, The Bug is back from
an extended Christmas vacation
and ready to take a shot at
answering your questions. If
something on campus is bugging
you, send or bring your queries
to The Bug, Stanford Daily,
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, 94305.

Why is there no poor box in
Memorial Church?
-A.C.L.
According to a reliable source
in Mem Chu, who wishes to re
main anonymous, the reason lies
in the final wishes of our found
ing family, the Leland Stanfords.
Apparently Mrs. Stanford
specifically stated in her will
that no formal collections would
be taken up inside the Church.
My secret source speculates Mrs.
Stanford's aim was to take the
burden of giving contributions
off of the students.
Nevertheless, money is still
contributed within the hallowed
walls of the church, mostly by
tourists who inadvertently pitch
coins into the baptismal font.
The money is then collected and
put into a gift fund.
And, says the spokesperson,
when the cause is deemed
worthwhile, thereareother ways
of raising money. An advisory
board, consisting of 20 students,
has started collections for vari
ous hunger and poverty projects.
I or example, the group has col
lected for CARE and for KUA
NYIN, a medical program in
Canada. People usually respond

by sending checks to the church
office.
Heeeeeeey, friends and
neighbors, The Bug is back from
an extended Christmas vacation
and ready to take a shot at
answering your questions. If
something on campus is bugging
you, send or bring your queries
to The Bug, Stanford Daily,
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, 94305.

Why is there no poor box in
Memorial Church?
-A.C.L.
According to a reliable source
in Mem Chu, who wishes to re
main anonymous, the reason lies
in the final wishes of our found
ing family, the Leland Stanfords.
Apparently Mrs. Stanford
specifically stated in her will
that no formal collections would
be taken up inside the Church.
My secret source speculates Mrs.
Stanford's aim was to take the
burden of giving contributions
off of the students.
Nevertheless, money is still
contributed within the hallowed
walls of the church, mostly by
tourists who inadvertently pitch
coins into the baptismal font.
The money is then collected and
put into a gift fund.
And, says the spokesperson,
when the cause is deemed
worthwhile, thereareother ways
of raising money. An advisory
board, consisting of 20 students,
has started collections for vari
ous hunger and poverty projects.
I or example, the group has col
lected for CARE and for KUA
NYIN, a medical program in
Canada. People usually respond

by sending checks to the church
office.
Heeeeeeey, friends and
neighbors, The Bug is back from
an extended Christmas vacation
and ready to take a shot at
answering your questions. If
something on campus is bugging
you, send or bring your queries
to The Bug, Stanford Daily,
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, 94305.

Why is there no poor box in
Memorial Church?
-A.C.L.
According to a reliable source
in Mem Chu, who wishes to re
main anonymous, the reason lies
in the final wishes of our found
ing family, the Leland Stanfords.
Apparently Mrs. Stanford
specifically stated in her will
that no formal collections would
be taken up inside the Church.
My secret source speculates Mrs.
Stanford's aim was to take the
burden of giving contributions
off of the students.
Nevertheless, money is still
contributed within the hallowed
walls of the church, mostly by
tourists who inadvertently pitch
coins into the baptismal font.
The money is then collected and
put into a gift fund.
And, says the spokesperson,
when the cause is deemed
worthwhile, thereareother ways
of raising money. An advisory
board, consisting of 20 students,
has started collections for vari
ous hunger and poverty projects.
I or example, the group has col
lected for CARE and for KUA
NYIN, a medical program in
Canada. People usually respond

by sending checks to the church
office.
Heeeeeeey, friends and
neighbors, The Bug is back from
an extended Christmas vacation
and ready to take a shot at
answering your questions. If
something on campus is bugging
you, send or bring your queries
to The Bug, Stanford Daily,
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, 94305.

Why is there no poor box in
Memorial Church?
-A.C.L.
According to a reliable source
in Mem Chu, who wishes to re
main anonymous, the reason lies
in the final wishes of our found
ing family, the Leland Stanfords.
Apparently Mrs. Stanford
specifically stated in her will
that no formal collections would
be taken up inside the Church.
My secret source speculates Mrs.
Stanford's aim was to take the
burden of giving contributions
off of the students.
Nevertheless, money is still
contributed within the hallowed
walls of the church, mostly by
tourists who inadvertently pitch
coins into the baptismal font.
The money is then collected and
put into a gift fund.
And, says the spokesperson,
when the cause is deemed
worthwhile, thereareother ways
of raising money. An advisory
board, consisting of 20 students,
has started collections for vari
ous hunger and poverty projects.
I or example, the group has col
lected for CARE and for KUA
NYIN, a medical program in
Canada. People usually respond

by sending checks to the church
office.
Heeeeeeey, friends and
neighbors, The Bug is back from
an extended Christmas vacation
and ready to take a shot at
answering your questions. If
something on campus is bugging
you, send or bring your queries
to The Bug, Stanford Daily,
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, 94305.

Why is there no poor box in
Memorial Church?
-A.C.L.
According to a reliable source
in Mem Chu, who wishes to re
main anonymous, the reason lies
in the final wishes of our found
ing family, the Leland Stanfords.
Apparently Mrs. Stanford
specifically stated in her will
that no formal collections would
be taken up inside the Church.
My secret source speculates Mrs.
Stanford's aim was to take the
burden of giving contributions
off of the students.
Nevertheless, money is still
contributed within the hallowed
walls of the church, mostly by
tourists who inadvertently pitch
coins into the baptismal font.
The money is then collected and
put into a gift fund.
And, says the spokesperson,
when the cause is deemed
worthwhile, thereareother ways
of raising money. An advisory
board, consisting of 20 students,
has started collections for vari
ous hunger and poverty projects.
I or example, the group has col
lected for CARE and for KUA
NYIN, a medical program in
Canada. People usually respond

by sending checks to the church
office.
Heeeeeeey, friends and
neighbors, The Bug is back from
an extended Christmas vacation
and ready to take a shot at
answering your questions. If
something on campus is bugging
you, send or bring your queries
to The Bug, Stanford Daily,
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, 94305.

Why is there no poor box in
Memorial Church?
-A.C.L.
According to a reliable source
in Mem Chu, who wishes to re
main anonymous, the reason lies
in the final wishes of our found
ing family, the Leland Stanfords.
Apparently Mrs. Stanford
specifically stated in her will
that no formal collections would
be taken up inside the Church.
My secret source speculates Mrs.
Stanford's aim was to take the
burden of giving contributions
off of the students.
Nevertheless, money is still
contributed within the hallowed
walls of the church, mostly by
tourists who inadvertently pitch
coins into the baptismal font.
The money is then collected and
put into a gift fund.
And, says the spokesperson,
when the cause is deemed
worthwhile, thereareother ways
of raising money. An advisory
board, consisting of 20 students,
has started collections for vari
ous hunger and poverty projects.
I or example, the group has col
lected for CARE and for KUA
NYIN, a medical program in
Canada. People usually respond

by sending checks to the church
office.
Heeeeeeey, friends and
neighbors, The Bug is back from
an extended Christmas vacation
and ready to take a shot at
answering your questions. If
something on campus is bugging
you, send or bring your queries
to The Bug, Stanford Daily,
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, 94305.

Why is there no poor box in
Memorial Church?
-A.C.L.
According to a reliable source
in Mem Chu, who wishes to re
main anonymous, the reason lies
in the final wishes of our found
ing family, the Leland Stanfords.
Apparently Mrs. Stanford
specifically stated in her will
that no formal collections would
be taken up inside the Church.
My secret source speculates Mrs.
Stanford's aim was to take the
burden of giving contributions
off of the students.
Nevertheless, money is still
contributed within the hallowed
walls of the church, mostly by
tourists who inadvertently pitch
coins into the baptismal font.
The money is then collected and
put into a gift fund.
And, says the spokesperson,
when the cause is deemed
worthwhile, thereareother ways
of raising money. An advisory
board, consisting of 20 students,
has started collections for vari
ous hunger and poverty projects.
I or example, the group has col
lected for CARE and for KUA
NYIN, a medical program in
Canada. People usually respond

by sending checks to the church
office.
Heeeeeeey, friends and
neighbors, The Bug is back from
an extended Christmas vacation
and ready to take a shot at
answering your questions. If
something on campus is bugging
you, send or bring your queries
to The Bug, Stanford Daily,
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, 94305.

Why is there no poor box in
Memorial Church?
-A.C.L.
According to a reliable source
in Mem Chu, who wishes to re
main anonymous, the reason lies
in the final wishes of our found
ing family, the Leland Stanfords.
Apparently Mrs. Stanford
specifically stated in her will
that no formal collections would
be taken up inside the Church.
My secret source speculates Mrs.
Stanford's aim was to take the
burden of giving contributions
off of the students.
Nevertheless, money is still
contributed within the hallowed
walls of the church, mostly by
tourists who inadvertently pitch
coins into the baptismal font.
The money is then collected and
put into a gift fund.
And, says the spokesperson,
when the cause is deemed
worthwhile, thereareother ways
of raising money. An advisory
board, consisting of 20 students,
has started collections for vari
ous hunger and poverty projects.
I or example, the group has col
lected for CARE and for KUA
NYIN, a medical program in
Canada. People usually respond

by sending checks to the church
office.
Heeeeeeey, friends and
neighbors, The Bug is back from
an extended Christmas vacation
and ready to take a shot at
answering your questions. If
something on campus is bugging
you, send or bring your queries
to The Bug, Stanford Daily,
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, 94305.

Why is there no poor box in
Memorial Church?
-A.C.L.
According to a reliable source
in Mem Chu, who wishes to re
main anonymous, the reason lies
in the final wishes of our found
ing family, the Leland Stanfords.
Apparently Mrs. Stanford
specifically stated in her will
that no formal collections would
be taken up inside the Church.
My secret source speculates Mrs.
Stanford's aim was to take the
burden of giving contributions
off of the students.
Nevertheless, money is still
contributed within the hallowed
walls of the church, mostly by
tourists who inadvertently pitch
coins into the baptismal font.
The money is then collected and
put into a gift fund.
And, says the spokesperson,
when the cause is deemed
worthwhile, thereareother ways
of raising money. An advisory
board, consisting of 20 students,
has started collections for vari
ous hunger and poverty projects.
I or example, the group has col
lected for CARE and for KUA
NYIN, a medical program in
Canada. People usually respond

by sending checks to the church
office.
Heeeeeeey, friends and
neighbors, The Bug is back from
an extended Christmas vacation
and ready to take a shot at
answering your questions. If
something on campus is bugging
you, send or bring your queries
to The Bug, Stanford Daily,
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, 94305.

