# Sign-ups for Flick Manager Are Open
## 
### 
Sign-tips for Sunday flicks man
ager will be held this week ;»( the
ASSU office, according to student
manager Bob Gable.
Sign-tips for Sunday flicks man
ager will be held this week ;»( the
ASSU office, according to student
manager Bob Gable.
Sign-tips for Sunday flicks man
ager will be held this week ;»( the
ASSU office, according to student
manager Bob Gable.
Sign-tips for Sunday flicks man
ager will be held this week ;»( the
ASSU office, according to student
manager Bob Gable.
Sign-tips for Sunday flicks man
ager will be held this week ;»( the
ASSU office, according to student
manager Bob Gable.
Sign-tips for Sunday flicks man
ager will be held this week ;»( the
ASSU office, according to student
manager Bob Gable.
Sign-tips for Sunday flicks man
ager will be held this week ;»( the
ASSU office, according to student
manager Bob Gable.
Sign-tips for Sunday flicks man
ager will be held this week ;»( the
ASSU office, according to student
manager Bob Gable.
Sign-tips for Sunday flicks man
ager will be held this week ;»( the
ASSU office, according to student
manager Bob Gable.
Sign-tips for Sunday flicks man
ager will be held this week ;»( the
ASSU office, according to student
manager Bob Gable.
Sign-tips for Sunday flicks man
ager will be held this week ;»( the
ASSU office, according to student
manager Bob Gable.
Sign-tips for Sunday flicks man
ager will be held this week ;»( the
ASSU office, according to student
manager Bob Gable.
Sign-tips for Sunday flicks man
ager will be held this week ;»( the
ASSU office, according to student
manager Bob Gable.
Sign-tips for Sunday flicks man
ager will be held this week ;»( the
ASSU office, according to student
manager Bob Gable.
Sign-tips for Sunday flicks man
ager will be held this week ;»( the
ASSU office, according to student
manager Bob Gable.
