# KZSU TO BROADCAST
## 
### 
KZSU will broadcast today's
baseball game starting at 3:10 p.m.
KZSU will broadcast today's
baseball game starting at 3:10 p.m.
KZSU will broadcast today's
baseball game starting at 3:10 p.m.
KZSU will broadcast today's
baseball game starting at 3:10 p.m.
KZSU will broadcast today's
baseball game starting at 3:10 p.m.
KZSU will broadcast today's
baseball game starting at 3:10 p.m.
KZSU will broadcast today's
baseball game starting at 3:10 p.m.
KZSU will broadcast today's
baseball game starting at 3:10 p.m.
KZSU will broadcast today's
baseball game starting at 3:10 p.m.
KZSU will broadcast today's
baseball game starting at 3:10 p.m.
KZSU will broadcast today's
baseball game starting at 3:10 p.m.
KZSU will broadcast today's
baseball game starting at 3:10 p.m.
KZSU will broadcast today's
baseball game starting at 3:10 p.m.
KZSU will broadcast today's
baseball game starting at 3:10 p.m.
KZSU will broadcast today's
baseball game starting at 3:10 p.m.
