# RA Applications Due by Sunday
## 
### 
Graduate students interested in
serving as Resident Assistants in
University residences and frater
nities may apply before Sunday at
the office of the Counselor for
Men, Building 11(1-(J, Inner Quad.
Interviews will be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be made on
or about May 15. It is requested
that all applications and inter
views be completed by that date.
Applicants are asked to make
certain that they will have suffi
cient time apart from studies to
devote to the duties of resident
assistant. •
Graduate students interested in
serving as Resident Assistants in
University residences and frater
nities may apply before Sunday at
the office of the Counselor for
Men, Building 11(1-(J, Inner Quad.
Interviews will be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be made on
or about May 15. It is requested
that all applications and inter
views be completed by that date.
Applicants are asked to make
certain that they will have suffi
cient time apart from studies to
devote to the duties of resident
assistant. •
Graduate students interested in
serving as Resident Assistants in
University residences and frater
nities may apply before Sunday at
the office of the Counselor for
Men, Building 11(1-(J, Inner Quad.
Interviews will be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be made on
or about May 15. It is requested
that all applications and inter
views be completed by that date.
Applicants are asked to make
certain that they will have suffi
cient time apart from studies to
devote to the duties of resident
assistant. •
Graduate students interested in
serving as Resident Assistants in
University residences and frater
nities may apply before Sunday at
the office of the Counselor for
Men, Building 11(1-(J, Inner Quad.
Interviews will be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be made on
or about May 15. It is requested
that all applications and inter
views be completed by that date.
Applicants are asked to make
certain that they will have suffi
cient time apart from studies to
devote to the duties of resident
assistant. •
Graduate students interested in
serving as Resident Assistants in
University residences and frater
nities may apply before Sunday at
the office of the Counselor for
Men, Building 11(1-(J, Inner Quad.
Interviews will be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be made on
or about May 15. It is requested
that all applications and inter
views be completed by that date.
Applicants are asked to make
certain that they will have suffi
cient time apart from studies to
devote to the duties of resident
assistant. •
Graduate students interested in
serving as Resident Assistants in
University residences and frater
nities may apply before Sunday at
the office of the Counselor for
Men, Building 11(1-(J, Inner Quad.
Interviews will be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be made on
or about May 15. It is requested
that all applications and inter
views be completed by that date.
Applicants are asked to make
certain that they will have suffi
cient time apart from studies to
devote to the duties of resident
assistant. •
Graduate students interested in
serving as Resident Assistants in
University residences and frater
nities may apply before Sunday at
the office of the Counselor for
Men, Building 11(1-(J, Inner Quad.
Interviews will be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be made on
or about May 15. It is requested
that all applications and inter
views be completed by that date.
Applicants are asked to make
certain that they will have suffi
cient time apart from studies to
devote to the duties of resident
assistant. •
Graduate students interested in
serving as Resident Assistants in
University residences and frater
nities may apply before Sunday at
the office of the Counselor for
Men, Building 11(1-(J, Inner Quad.
Interviews will be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be made on
or about May 15. It is requested
that all applications and inter
views be completed by that date.
Applicants are asked to make
certain that they will have suffi
cient time apart from studies to
devote to the duties of resident
assistant. •
Graduate students interested in
serving as Resident Assistants in
University residences and frater
nities may apply before Sunday at
the office of the Counselor for
Men, Building 11(1-(J, Inner Quad.
Interviews will be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be made on
or about May 15. It is requested
that all applications and inter
views be completed by that date.
Applicants are asked to make
certain that they will have suffi
cient time apart from studies to
devote to the duties of resident
assistant. •
Graduate students interested in
serving as Resident Assistants in
University residences and frater
nities may apply before Sunday at
the office of the Counselor for
Men, Building 11(1-(J, Inner Quad.
Interviews will be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be made on
or about May 15. It is requested
that all applications and inter
views be completed by that date.
Applicants are asked to make
certain that they will have suffi
cient time apart from studies to
devote to the duties of resident
assistant. •
Graduate students interested in
serving as Resident Assistants in
University residences and frater
nities may apply before Sunday at
the office of the Counselor for
Men, Building 11(1-(J, Inner Quad.
Interviews will be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be made on
or about May 15. It is requested
that all applications and inter
views be completed by that date.
Applicants are asked to make
certain that they will have suffi
cient time apart from studies to
devote to the duties of resident
assistant. •
Graduate students interested in
serving as Resident Assistants in
University residences and frater
nities may apply before Sunday at
the office of the Counselor for
Men, Building 11(1-(J, Inner Quad.
Interviews will be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be made on
or about May 15. It is requested
that all applications and inter
views be completed by that date.
Applicants are asked to make
certain that they will have suffi
cient time apart from studies to
devote to the duties of resident
assistant. •
Graduate students interested in
serving as Resident Assistants in
University residences and frater
nities may apply before Sunday at
the office of the Counselor for
Men, Building 11(1-(J, Inner Quad.
Interviews will be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be made on
or about May 15. It is requested
that all applications and inter
views be completed by that date.
Applicants are asked to make
certain that they will have suffi
cient time apart from studies to
devote to the duties of resident
assistant. •
Graduate students interested in
serving as Resident Assistants in
University residences and frater
nities may apply before Sunday at
the office of the Counselor for
Men, Building 11(1-(J, Inner Quad.
Interviews will be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be made on
or about May 15. It is requested
that all applications and inter
views be completed by that date.
Applicants are asked to make
certain that they will have suffi
cient time apart from studies to
devote to the duties of resident
assistant. •
Graduate students interested in
serving as Resident Assistants in
University residences and frater
nities may apply before Sunday at
the office of the Counselor for
Men, Building 11(1-(J, Inner Quad.
Interviews will be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be made on
or about May 15. It is requested
that all applications and inter
views be completed by that date.
Applicants are asked to make
certain that they will have suffi
cient time apart from studies to
devote to the duties of resident
assistant. •
