# IIR Dance Class Open for Couples
## 
### 
The Host Department of the Insti
tute of International Relations has
announced that it has room in its
dancing class for five additional
couples.
Persons desiring to join the class
are asked to notify Barbara Klass at
the lIR office before 5 p.m. today.
There will be a class this evening,
with rides leaving from the Cellat
and from the Village administration
building at 7:15.
The Host Department of the Insti
tute of International Relations has
announced that it has room in its
dancing class for five additional
couples.
Persons desiring to join the class
are asked to notify Barbara Klass at
the lIR office before 5 p.m. today.
There will be a class this evening,
with rides leaving from the Cellat
and from the Village administration
building at 7:15.
The Host Department of the Insti
tute of International Relations has
announced that it has room in its
dancing class for five additional
couples.
Persons desiring to join the class
are asked to notify Barbara Klass at
the lIR office before 5 p.m. today.
There will be a class this evening,
with rides leaving from the Cellat
and from the Village administration
building at 7:15.
The Host Department of the Insti
tute of International Relations has
announced that it has room in its
dancing class for five additional
couples.
Persons desiring to join the class
are asked to notify Barbara Klass at
the lIR office before 5 p.m. today.
There will be a class this evening,
with rides leaving from the Cellat
and from the Village administration
building at 7:15.
The Host Department of the Insti
tute of International Relations has
announced that it has room in its
dancing class for five additional
couples.
Persons desiring to join the class
are asked to notify Barbara Klass at
the lIR office before 5 p.m. today.
There will be a class this evening,
with rides leaving from the Cellat
and from the Village administration
building at 7:15.
The Host Department of the Insti
tute of International Relations has
announced that it has room in its
dancing class for five additional
couples.
Persons desiring to join the class
are asked to notify Barbara Klass at
the lIR office before 5 p.m. today.
There will be a class this evening,
with rides leaving from the Cellat
and from the Village administration
building at 7:15.
The Host Department of the Insti
tute of International Relations has
announced that it has room in its
dancing class for five additional
couples.
Persons desiring to join the class
are asked to notify Barbara Klass at
the lIR office before 5 p.m. today.
There will be a class this evening,
with rides leaving from the Cellat
and from the Village administration
building at 7:15.
The Host Department of the Insti
tute of International Relations has
announced that it has room in its
dancing class for five additional
couples.
Persons desiring to join the class
are asked to notify Barbara Klass at
the lIR office before 5 p.m. today.
There will be a class this evening,
with rides leaving from the Cellat
and from the Village administration
building at 7:15.
The Host Department of the Insti
tute of International Relations has
announced that it has room in its
dancing class for five additional
couples.
Persons desiring to join the class
are asked to notify Barbara Klass at
the lIR office before 5 p.m. today.
There will be a class this evening,
with rides leaving from the Cellat
and from the Village administration
building at 7:15.
The Host Department of the Insti
tute of International Relations has
announced that it has room in its
dancing class for five additional
couples.
Persons desiring to join the class
are asked to notify Barbara Klass at
the lIR office before 5 p.m. today.
There will be a class this evening,
with rides leaving from the Cellat
and from the Village administration
building at 7:15.
The Host Department of the Insti
tute of International Relations has
announced that it has room in its
dancing class for five additional
couples.
Persons desiring to join the class
are asked to notify Barbara Klass at
the lIR office before 5 p.m. today.
There will be a class this evening,
with rides leaving from the Cellat
and from the Village administration
building at 7:15.
The Host Department of the Insti
tute of International Relations has
announced that it has room in its
dancing class for five additional
couples.
Persons desiring to join the class
are asked to notify Barbara Klass at
the lIR office before 5 p.m. today.
There will be a class this evening,
with rides leaving from the Cellat
and from the Village administration
building at 7:15.
The Host Department of the Insti
tute of International Relations has
announced that it has room in its
dancing class for five additional
couples.
Persons desiring to join the class
are asked to notify Barbara Klass at
the lIR office before 5 p.m. today.
There will be a class this evening,
with rides leaving from the Cellat
and from the Village administration
building at 7:15.
The Host Department of the Insti
tute of International Relations has
announced that it has room in its
dancing class for five additional
couples.
Persons desiring to join the class
are asked to notify Barbara Klass at
the lIR office before 5 p.m. today.
There will be a class this evening,
with rides leaving from the Cellat
and from the Village administration
building at 7:15.
The Host Department of the Insti
tute of International Relations has
announced that it has room in its
dancing class for five additional
couples.
Persons desiring to join the class
are asked to notify Barbara Klass at
the lIR office before 5 p.m. today.
There will be a class this evening,
with rides leaving from the Cellat
and from the Village administration
building at 7:15.
