# Stanford Wedding.
## 
### 
H. \V. Ohappel, '01, and Mips
Louise Van Uxem, ex-'O4, were
married at the Kappa Alpha Theta
house at noon today, Rev. 1).
Ch tries Gardner performing the

ceremony. Miss Clara Stevenson,
'04, was bridesmaid and Mr. L. A.
Darling acted as best man. Imme
diately after the wedding a supper
whh served to the bridal couple by
Kappa Alpha Theta.
Chappel graduated in law in
1901,and took his LL.B.in 1903. He
is a member of the Kappa Sigma
fraternity. Miss Van Uxem is a
member of the Kappa Alpha Theta
sorority. After a short trip Mr.
and Mrs. Chappel will return to
Stanford.
H. \V. Ohappel, '01, and Mips
Louise Van Uxem, ex-'O4, were
married at the Kappa Alpha Theta
house at noon today, Rev. 1).
Ch tries Gardner performing the

ceremony. Miss Clara Stevenson,
'04, was bridesmaid and Mr. L. A.
Darling acted as best man. Imme
diately after the wedding a supper
whh served to the bridal couple by
Kappa Alpha Theta.
Chappel graduated in law in
1901,and took his LL.B.in 1903. He
is a member of the Kappa Sigma
fraternity. Miss Van Uxem is a
member of the Kappa Alpha Theta
sorority. After a short trip Mr.
and Mrs. Chappel will return to
Stanford.
H. \V. Ohappel, '01, and Mips
Louise Van Uxem, ex-'O4, were
married at the Kappa Alpha Theta
house at noon today, Rev. 1).
Ch tries Gardner performing the

ceremony. Miss Clara Stevenson,
'04, was bridesmaid and Mr. L. A.
Darling acted as best man. Imme
diately after the wedding a supper
whh served to the bridal couple by
Kappa Alpha Theta.
Chappel graduated in law in
1901,and took his LL.B.in 1903. He
is a member of the Kappa Sigma
fraternity. Miss Van Uxem is a
member of the Kappa Alpha Theta
sorority. After a short trip Mr.
and Mrs. Chappel will return to
Stanford.
H. \V. Ohappel, '01, and Mips
Louise Van Uxem, ex-'O4, were
married at the Kappa Alpha Theta
house at noon today, Rev. 1).
Ch tries Gardner performing the

ceremony. Miss Clara Stevenson,
'04, was bridesmaid and Mr. L. A.
Darling acted as best man. Imme
diately after the wedding a supper
whh served to the bridal couple by
Kappa Alpha Theta.
Chappel graduated in law in
1901,and took his LL.B.in 1903. He
is a member of the Kappa Sigma
fraternity. Miss Van Uxem is a
member of the Kappa Alpha Theta
sorority. After a short trip Mr.
and Mrs. Chappel will return to
Stanford.
H. \V. Ohappel, '01, and Mips
Louise Van Uxem, ex-'O4, were
married at the Kappa Alpha Theta
house at noon today, Rev. 1).
Ch tries Gardner performing the

ceremony. Miss Clara Stevenson,
'04, was bridesmaid and Mr. L. A.
Darling acted as best man. Imme
diately after the wedding a supper
whh served to the bridal couple by
Kappa Alpha Theta.
Chappel graduated in law in
1901,and took his LL.B.in 1903. He
is a member of the Kappa Sigma
fraternity. Miss Van Uxem is a
member of the Kappa Alpha Theta
sorority. After a short trip Mr.
and Mrs. Chappel will return to
Stanford.
H. \V. Ohappel, '01, and Mips
Louise Van Uxem, ex-'O4, were
married at the Kappa Alpha Theta
house at noon today, Rev. 1).
Ch tries Gardner performing the

ceremony. Miss Clara Stevenson,
'04, was bridesmaid and Mr. L. A.
Darling acted as best man. Imme
diately after the wedding a supper
whh served to the bridal couple by
Kappa Alpha Theta.
Chappel graduated in law in
1901,and took his LL.B.in 1903. He
is a member of the Kappa Sigma
fraternity. Miss Van Uxem is a
member of the Kappa Alpha Theta
sorority. After a short trip Mr.
and Mrs. Chappel will return to
Stanford.
H. \V. Ohappel, '01, and Mips
Louise Van Uxem, ex-'O4, were
married at the Kappa Alpha Theta
house at noon today, Rev. 1).
Ch tries Gardner performing the

ceremony. Miss Clara Stevenson,
'04, was bridesmaid and Mr. L. A.
Darling acted as best man. Imme
diately after the wedding a supper
whh served to the bridal couple by
Kappa Alpha Theta.
Chappel graduated in law in
1901,and took his LL.B.in 1903. He
is a member of the Kappa Sigma
fraternity. Miss Van Uxem is a
member of the Kappa Alpha Theta
sorority. After a short trip Mr.
and Mrs. Chappel will return to
Stanford.
H. \V. Ohappel, '01, and Mips
Louise Van Uxem, ex-'O4, were
married at the Kappa Alpha Theta
house at noon today, Rev. 1).
Ch tries Gardner performing the

ceremony. Miss Clara Stevenson,
'04, was bridesmaid and Mr. L. A.
Darling acted as best man. Imme
diately after the wedding a supper
whh served to the bridal couple by
Kappa Alpha Theta.
Chappel graduated in law in
1901,and took his LL.B.in 1903. He
is a member of the Kappa Sigma
fraternity. Miss Van Uxem is a
member of the Kappa Alpha Theta
sorority. After a short trip Mr.
and Mrs. Chappel will return to
Stanford.
