# Contents
## 
### 
It won't
happen again
7 The University
announced Monday
its plans for reforms in
the way it manages fed
eral research funds.
With help from Arthur
Andersen and Co.,
Stanford's new chief
financial officer hopes
the new reforms will
prevent inappropriate
expenses — like the
yacht Victoria — from
being accidentally
charged to the govern
ment.

We can
rebuild it
9 Stanford steps up
its earthquake
repair and new con
struction programs this
summer — beginning
with plans to take off
the roof of Memorial
Church, tile-by-tile and
remodel two of the
buildings next to it.

Champagne
celebration
champagne
I flowed as more
than 500 scholars, visi
tors and invited guests
celebrated Hoover
Tower's 50th birthday
last week. Among the
luminaries were Gov.
Pete Wilson, former
Secretary of State
George Shultz and for
mer Gov. George Deuk
mejian.
Cover art — Marin Melchior

He flies
through the air
(■ Stanford gym-
I Jair Lynch
put on quite a show at
the Olympic Festival in
Los Angeles last week
end. Lynch, much to his
own surprise, walked
away with six medals —
five of them gold.

Holy Moses
JjNightclub per-
I liquid
jesus blend '60s
psychedelia and mod
ern rock in their new
album, "Pour in the
Sky." But as innovative
as it is, the record may
prove to be too main
stream for college
radio.





It won't
happen again
7 The University
announced Monday
its plans for reforms in
the way it manages fed
eral research funds.
With help from Arthur
Andersen and Co.,
Stanford's new chief
financial officer hopes
the new reforms will
prevent inappropriate
expenses — like the
yacht Victoria — from
being accidentally
charged to the govern
ment.

We can
rebuild it
9 Stanford steps up
its earthquake
repair and new con
struction programs this
summer — beginning
with plans to take off
the roof of Memorial
Church, tile-by-tile and
remodel two of the
buildings next to it.

Champagne
celebration
champagne
I flowed as more
than 500 scholars, visi
tors and invited guests
celebrated Hoover
Tower's 50th birthday
last week. Among the
luminaries were Gov.
Pete Wilson, former
Secretary of State
George Shultz and for
mer Gov. George Deuk
mejian.
Cover art — Marin Melchior

He flies
through the air
(■ Stanford gym-
I Jair Lynch
put on quite a show at
the Olympic Festival in
Los Angeles last week
end. Lynch, much to his
own surprise, walked
away with six medals —
five of them gold.

Holy Moses
JjNightclub per-
I liquid
jesus blend '60s
psychedelia and mod
ern rock in their new
album, "Pour in the
Sky." But as innovative
as it is, the record may
prove to be too main
stream for college
radio.





It won't
happen again
7 The University
announced Monday
its plans for reforms in
the way it manages fed
eral research funds.
With help from Arthur
Andersen and Co.,
Stanford's new chief
financial officer hopes
the new reforms will
prevent inappropriate
expenses — like the
yacht Victoria — from
being accidentally
charged to the govern
ment.

We can
rebuild it
9 Stanford steps up
its earthquake
repair and new con
struction programs this
summer — beginning
with plans to take off
the roof of Memorial
Church, tile-by-tile and
remodel two of the
buildings next to it.

Champagne
celebration
champagne
I flowed as more
than 500 scholars, visi
tors and invited guests
celebrated Hoover
Tower's 50th birthday
last week. Among the
luminaries were Gov.
Pete Wilson, former
Secretary of State
George Shultz and for
mer Gov. George Deuk
mejian.
Cover art — Marin Melchior

He flies
through the air
(■ Stanford gym-
I Jair Lynch
put on quite a show at
the Olympic Festival in
Los Angeles last week
end. Lynch, much to his
own surprise, walked
away with six medals —
five of them gold.

Holy Moses
JjNightclub per-
I liquid
jesus blend '60s
psychedelia and mod
ern rock in their new
album, "Pour in the
Sky." But as innovative
as it is, the record may
prove to be too main
stream for college
radio.





It won't
happen again
7 The University
announced Monday
its plans for reforms in
the way it manages fed
eral research funds.
With help from Arthur
Andersen and Co.,
Stanford's new chief
financial officer hopes
the new reforms will
prevent inappropriate
expenses — like the
yacht Victoria — from
being accidentally
charged to the govern
ment.

We can
rebuild it
9 Stanford steps up
its earthquake
repair and new con
struction programs this
summer — beginning
with plans to take off
the roof of Memorial
Church, tile-by-tile and
remodel two of the
buildings next to it.

Champagne
celebration
champagne
I flowed as more
than 500 scholars, visi
tors and invited guests
celebrated Hoover
Tower's 50th birthday
last week. Among the
luminaries were Gov.
Pete Wilson, former
Secretary of State
George Shultz and for
mer Gov. George Deuk
mejian.
Cover art — Marin Melchior

He flies
through the air
(■ Stanford gym-
I Jair Lynch
put on quite a show at
the Olympic Festival in
Los Angeles last week
end. Lynch, much to his
own surprise, walked
away with six medals —
five of them gold.

Holy Moses
JjNightclub per-
I liquid
jesus blend '60s
psychedelia and mod
ern rock in their new
album, "Pour in the
Sky." But as innovative
as it is, the record may
prove to be too main
stream for college
radio.





It won't
happen again
7 The University
announced Monday
its plans for reforms in
the way it manages fed
eral research funds.
With help from Arthur
Andersen and Co.,
Stanford's new chief
financial officer hopes
the new reforms will
prevent inappropriate
expenses — like the
yacht Victoria — from
being accidentally
charged to the govern
ment.

We can
rebuild it
9 Stanford steps up
its earthquake
repair and new con
struction programs this
summer — beginning
with plans to take off
the roof of Memorial
Church, tile-by-tile and
remodel two of the
buildings next to it.

Champagne
celebration
champagne
I flowed as more
than 500 scholars, visi
tors and invited guests
celebrated Hoover
Tower's 50th birthday
last week. Among the
luminaries were Gov.
Pete Wilson, former
Secretary of State
George Shultz and for
mer Gov. George Deuk
mejian.
Cover art — Marin Melchior

He flies
through the air
(■ Stanford gym-
I Jair Lynch
put on quite a show at
the Olympic Festival in
Los Angeles last week
end. Lynch, much to his
own surprise, walked
away with six medals —
five of them gold.

Holy Moses
JjNightclub per-
I liquid
jesus blend '60s
psychedelia and mod
ern rock in their new
album, "Pour in the
Sky." But as innovative
as it is, the record may
prove to be too main
stream for college
radio.





It won't
happen again
7 The University
announced Monday
its plans for reforms in
the way it manages fed
eral research funds.
With help from Arthur
Andersen and Co.,
Stanford's new chief
financial officer hopes
the new reforms will
prevent inappropriate
expenses — like the
yacht Victoria — from
being accidentally
charged to the govern
ment.

We can
rebuild it
9 Stanford steps up
its earthquake
repair and new con
struction programs this
summer — beginning
with plans to take off
the roof of Memorial
Church, tile-by-tile and
remodel two of the
buildings next to it.

Champagne
celebration
champagne
I flowed as more
than 500 scholars, visi
tors and invited guests
celebrated Hoover
Tower's 50th birthday
last week. Among the
luminaries were Gov.
Pete Wilson, former
Secretary of State
George Shultz and for
mer Gov. George Deuk
mejian.
Cover art — Marin Melchior

He flies
through the air
(■ Stanford gym-
I Jair Lynch
put on quite a show at
the Olympic Festival in
Los Angeles last week
end. Lynch, much to his
own surprise, walked
away with six medals —
five of them gold.

Holy Moses
JjNightclub per-
I liquid
jesus blend '60s
psychedelia and mod
ern rock in their new
album, "Pour in the
Sky." But as innovative
as it is, the record may
prove to be too main
stream for college
radio.





It won't
happen again
7 The University
announced Monday
its plans for reforms in
the way it manages fed
eral research funds.
With help from Arthur
Andersen and Co.,
Stanford's new chief
financial officer hopes
the new reforms will
prevent inappropriate
expenses — like the
yacht Victoria — from
being accidentally
charged to the govern
ment.

We can
rebuild it
9 Stanford steps up
its earthquake
repair and new con
struction programs this
summer — beginning
with plans to take off
the roof of Memorial
Church, tile-by-tile and
remodel two of the
buildings next to it.

Champagne
celebration
champagne
I flowed as more
than 500 scholars, visi
tors and invited guests
celebrated Hoover
Tower's 50th birthday
last week. Among the
luminaries were Gov.
Pete Wilson, former
Secretary of State
George Shultz and for
mer Gov. George Deuk
mejian.
Cover art — Marin Melchior

He flies
through the air
(■ Stanford gym-
I Jair Lynch
put on quite a show at
the Olympic Festival in
Los Angeles last week
end. Lynch, much to his
own surprise, walked
away with six medals —
five of them gold.

Holy Moses
JjNightclub per-
I liquid
jesus blend '60s
psychedelia and mod
ern rock in their new
album, "Pour in the
Sky." But as innovative
as it is, the record may
prove to be too main
stream for college
radio.





