# ANNOUNCEMENT
## 
### 
The band will meet at 3:45 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon in the Assembly
hall. Wear coats and caps and bring
red books.
The band will meet at 3:45 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon in the Assembly
hall. Wear coats and caps and bring
red books.
The band will meet at 3:45 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon in the Assembly
hall. Wear coats and caps and bring
red books.
The band will meet at 3:45 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon in the Assembly
hall. Wear coats and caps and bring
red books.
The band will meet at 3:45 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon in the Assembly
hall. Wear coats and caps and bring
red books.
The band will meet at 3:45 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon in the Assembly
hall. Wear coats and caps and bring
red books.
The band will meet at 3:45 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon in the Assembly
hall. Wear coats and caps and bring
red books.
The band will meet at 3:45 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon in the Assembly
hall. Wear coats and caps and bring
red books.
The band will meet at 3:45 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon in the Assembly
hall. Wear coats and caps and bring
red books.
The band will meet at 3:45 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon in the Assembly
hall. Wear coats and caps and bring
red books.
The band will meet at 3:45 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon in the Assembly
hall. Wear coats and caps and bring
red books.
The band will meet at 3:45 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon in the Assembly
hall. Wear coats and caps and bring
red books.
The band will meet at 3:45 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon in the Assembly
hall. Wear coats and caps and bring
red books.
The band will meet at 3:45 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon in the Assembly
hall. Wear coats and caps and bring
red books.
The band will meet at 3:45 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon in the Assembly
hall. Wear coats and caps and bring
red books.
