# Detail
## 
### 

Above Is a detail from one of the wa
ter colors of artist John Altoon. This
and other works by the California
artist will be on exhibit at the Stan
ford Art Gallery from February 10
through 26.

Above Is a detail from one of the wa
ter colors of artist John Altoon. This
and other works by the California
artist will be on exhibit at the Stan
ford Art Gallery from February 10
through 26.

Above Is a detail from one of the wa
ter colors of artist John Altoon. This
and other works by the California
artist will be on exhibit at the Stan
ford Art Gallery from February 10
through 26.

Above Is a detail from one of the wa
ter colors of artist John Altoon. This
and other works by the California
artist will be on exhibit at the Stan
ford Art Gallery from February 10
through 26.

Above Is a detail from one of the wa
ter colors of artist John Altoon. This
and other works by the California
artist will be on exhibit at the Stan
ford Art Gallery from February 10
through 26.

Above Is a detail from one of the wa
ter colors of artist John Altoon. This
and other works by the California
artist will be on exhibit at the Stan
ford Art Gallery from February 10
through 26.

Above Is a detail from one of the wa
ter colors of artist John Altoon. This
and other works by the California
artist will be on exhibit at the Stan
ford Art Gallery from February 10
through 26.

Above Is a detail from one of the wa
ter colors of artist John Altoon. This
and other works by the California
artist will be on exhibit at the Stan
ford Art Gallery from February 10
through 26.

Above Is a detail from one of the wa
ter colors of artist John Altoon. This
and other works by the California
artist will be on exhibit at the Stan
ford Art Gallery from February 10
through 26.

Above Is a detail from one of the wa
ter colors of artist John Altoon. This
and other works by the California
artist will be on exhibit at the Stan
ford Art Gallery from February 10
through 26.

Above Is a detail from one of the wa
ter colors of artist John Altoon. This
and other works by the California
artist will be on exhibit at the Stan
ford Art Gallery from February 10
through 26.

Above Is a detail from one of the wa
ter colors of artist John Altoon. This
and other works by the California
artist will be on exhibit at the Stan
ford Art Gallery from February 10
through 26.

Above Is a detail from one of the wa
ter colors of artist John Altoon. This
and other works by the California
artist will be on exhibit at the Stan
ford Art Gallery from February 10
through 26.

Above Is a detail from one of the wa
ter colors of artist John Altoon. This
and other works by the California
artist will be on exhibit at the Stan
ford Art Gallery from February 10
through 26.

Above Is a detail from one of the wa
ter colors of artist John Altoon. This
and other works by the California
artist will be on exhibit at the Stan
ford Art Gallery from February 10
through 26.

Above Is a detail from one of the wa
ter colors of artist John Altoon. This
and other works by the California
artist will be on exhibit at the Stan
ford Art Gallery from February 10
through 26.
