# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
Your
Teeth
Keep them white — our
Rubberset Alright Tooth
brush will see to that. Its
bristles are firm and guar
anteed to stay put.'
University Pharmacy
F. J. BTEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
Your
Teeth
Keep them white — our
Rubberset Alright Tooth
brush will see to that. Its
bristles are firm and guar
anteed to stay put.'
University Pharmacy
F. J. BTEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
Your
Teeth
Keep them white — our
Rubberset Alright Tooth
brush will see to that. Its
bristles are firm and guar
anteed to stay put.'
University Pharmacy
F. J. BTEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
Your
Teeth
Keep them white — our
Rubberset Alright Tooth
brush will see to that. Its
bristles are firm and guar
anteed to stay put.'
University Pharmacy
F. J. BTEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
Your
Teeth
Keep them white — our
Rubberset Alright Tooth
brush will see to that. Its
bristles are firm and guar
anteed to stay put.'
University Pharmacy
F. J. BTEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
Your
Teeth
Keep them white — our
Rubberset Alright Tooth
brush will see to that. Its
bristles are firm and guar
anteed to stay put.'
University Pharmacy
F. J. BTEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
Your
Teeth
Keep them white — our
Rubberset Alright Tooth
brush will see to that. Its
bristles are firm and guar
anteed to stay put.'
University Pharmacy
F. J. BTEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
Your
Teeth
Keep them white — our
Rubberset Alright Tooth
brush will see to that. Its
bristles are firm and guar
anteed to stay put.'
University Pharmacy
F. J. BTEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
Your
Teeth
Keep them white — our
Rubberset Alright Tooth
brush will see to that. Its
bristles are firm and guar
anteed to stay put.'
University Pharmacy
F. J. BTEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
Your
Teeth
Keep them white — our
Rubberset Alright Tooth
brush will see to that. Its
bristles are firm and guar
anteed to stay put.'
University Pharmacy
F. J. BTEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
Your
Teeth
Keep them white — our
Rubberset Alright Tooth
brush will see to that. Its
bristles are firm and guar
anteed to stay put.'
University Pharmacy
F. J. BTEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
Your
Teeth
Keep them white — our
Rubberset Alright Tooth
brush will see to that. Its
bristles are firm and guar
anteed to stay put.'
University Pharmacy
F. J. BTEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
Your
Teeth
Keep them white — our
Rubberset Alright Tooth
brush will see to that. Its
bristles are firm and guar
anteed to stay put.'
University Pharmacy
F. J. BTEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
Your
Teeth
Keep them white — our
Rubberset Alright Tooth
brush will see to that. Its
bristles are firm and guar
anteed to stay put.'
University Pharmacy
F. J. BTEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
Your
Teeth
Keep them white — our
Rubberset Alright Tooth
brush will see to that. Its
bristles are firm and guar
anteed to stay put.'
University Pharmacy
F. J. BTEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
