# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Classes will be excused tomor
row afternoon and everyone Is
expected to work at the Convale
scent. Home. No evening meals
will be served at the fraternity
houses, eating clubs, or halls.
Classes will be excused tomor
row afternoon and everyone Is
expected to work at the Convale
scent. Home. No evening meals
will be served at the fraternity
houses, eating clubs, or halls.
Classes will be excused tomor
row afternoon and everyone Is
expected to work at the Convale
scent. Home. No evening meals
will be served at the fraternity
houses, eating clubs, or halls.
Classes will be excused tomor
row afternoon and everyone Is
expected to work at the Convale
scent. Home. No evening meals
will be served at the fraternity
houses, eating clubs, or halls.
Classes will be excused tomor
row afternoon and everyone Is
expected to work at the Convale
scent. Home. No evening meals
will be served at the fraternity
houses, eating clubs, or halls.
Classes will be excused tomor
row afternoon and everyone Is
expected to work at the Convale
scent. Home. No evening meals
will be served at the fraternity
houses, eating clubs, or halls.
Classes will be excused tomor
row afternoon and everyone Is
expected to work at the Convale
scent. Home. No evening meals
will be served at the fraternity
houses, eating clubs, or halls.
Classes will be excused tomor
row afternoon and everyone Is
expected to work at the Convale
scent. Home. No evening meals
will be served at the fraternity
houses, eating clubs, or halls.
Classes will be excused tomor
row afternoon and everyone Is
expected to work at the Convale
scent. Home. No evening meals
will be served at the fraternity
houses, eating clubs, or halls.
Classes will be excused tomor
row afternoon and everyone Is
expected to work at the Convale
scent. Home. No evening meals
will be served at the fraternity
houses, eating clubs, or halls.
Classes will be excused tomor
row afternoon and everyone Is
expected to work at the Convale
scent. Home. No evening meals
will be served at the fraternity
houses, eating clubs, or halls.
Classes will be excused tomor
row afternoon and everyone Is
expected to work at the Convale
scent. Home. No evening meals
will be served at the fraternity
houses, eating clubs, or halls.
Classes will be excused tomor
row afternoon and everyone Is
expected to work at the Convale
scent. Home. No evening meals
will be served at the fraternity
houses, eating clubs, or halls.
Classes will be excused tomor
row afternoon and everyone Is
expected to work at the Convale
scent. Home. No evening meals
will be served at the fraternity
houses, eating clubs, or halls.
Classes will be excused tomor
row afternoon and everyone Is
expected to work at the Convale
scent. Home. No evening meals
will be served at the fraternity
houses, eating clubs, or halls.
