# Adv. 7 Page 3
## 
### 
Subscribe for the Daily
Palo Alto.
= 25 years active
| experience in
= San Francisco
HALL
Optician
Maker of |
Glasses ?
that fit I
155 University Ave.
.iiiiiiiiiiiiitiiimiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiti
Weingartner & Co.
DRUGGISTS
Edison Diamond Disc Phono
graphs
Subscribe for the Daily
Palo Alto.
= 25 years active
| experience in
= San Francisco
HALL
Optician
Maker of |
Glasses ?
that fit I
155 University Ave.
.iiiiiiiiiiiiitiiimiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiti
Weingartner & Co.
DRUGGISTS
Edison Diamond Disc Phono
graphs
Subscribe for the Daily
Palo Alto.
= 25 years active
| experience in
= San Francisco
HALL
Optician
Maker of |
Glasses ?
that fit I
155 University Ave.
.iiiiiiiiiiiiitiiimiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiti
Weingartner & Co.
DRUGGISTS
Edison Diamond Disc Phono
graphs
Subscribe for the Daily
Palo Alto.
= 25 years active
| experience in
= San Francisco
HALL
Optician
Maker of |
Glasses ?
that fit I
155 University Ave.
.iiiiiiiiiiiiitiiimiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiti
Weingartner & Co.
DRUGGISTS
Edison Diamond Disc Phono
graphs
Subscribe for the Daily
Palo Alto.
= 25 years active
| experience in
= San Francisco
HALL
Optician
Maker of |
Glasses ?
that fit I
155 University Ave.
.iiiiiiiiiiiiitiiimiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiti
Weingartner & Co.
DRUGGISTS
Edison Diamond Disc Phono
graphs
Subscribe for the Daily
Palo Alto.
= 25 years active
| experience in
= San Francisco
HALL
Optician
Maker of |
Glasses ?
that fit I
155 University Ave.
.iiiiiiiiiiiiitiiimiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiti
Weingartner & Co.
DRUGGISTS
Edison Diamond Disc Phono
graphs
Subscribe for the Daily
Palo Alto.
= 25 years active
| experience in
= San Francisco
HALL
Optician
Maker of |
Glasses ?
that fit I
155 University Ave.
.iiiiiiiiiiiiitiiimiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiti
Weingartner & Co.
DRUGGISTS
Edison Diamond Disc Phono
graphs
Subscribe for the Daily
Palo Alto.
= 25 years active
| experience in
= San Francisco
HALL
Optician
Maker of |
Glasses ?
that fit I
155 University Ave.
.iiiiiiiiiiiiitiiimiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiti
Weingartner & Co.
DRUGGISTS
Edison Diamond Disc Phono
graphs
Subscribe for the Daily
Palo Alto.
= 25 years active
| experience in
= San Francisco
HALL
Optician
Maker of |
Glasses ?
that fit I
155 University Ave.
.iiiiiiiiiiiiitiiimiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiti
Weingartner & Co.
DRUGGISTS
Edison Diamond Disc Phono
graphs
Subscribe for the Daily
Palo Alto.
= 25 years active
| experience in
= San Francisco
HALL
Optician
Maker of |
Glasses ?
that fit I
155 University Ave.
.iiiiiiiiiiiiitiiimiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiti
Weingartner & Co.
DRUGGISTS
Edison Diamond Disc Phono
graphs
Subscribe for the Daily
Palo Alto.
= 25 years active
| experience in
= San Francisco
HALL
Optician
Maker of |
Glasses ?
that fit I
155 University Ave.
.iiiiiiiiiiiiitiiimiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiti
Weingartner & Co.
DRUGGISTS
Edison Diamond Disc Phono
graphs
Subscribe for the Daily
Palo Alto.
= 25 years active
| experience in
= San Francisco
HALL
Optician
Maker of |
Glasses ?
that fit I
155 University Ave.
.iiiiiiiiiiiiitiiimiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiti
Weingartner & Co.
DRUGGISTS
Edison Diamond Disc Phono
graphs
Subscribe for the Daily
Palo Alto.
= 25 years active
| experience in
= San Francisco
HALL
Optician
Maker of |
Glasses ?
that fit I
155 University Ave.
.iiiiiiiiiiiiitiiimiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiti
Weingartner & Co.
DRUGGISTS
Edison Diamond Disc Phono
graphs
