# Light of Love... Illumines the Cactus Garden
## 
### 
t What does a woman do when she's
in love? Why, she writes poetry, of
course. And just to prove it "Chap
pie" is the recipient of a beautiful
ballad called "The Romance of a Bold
Suitor in the Cactus Garden." Evi
dently the rain didnt dampen this bold
suitor one bit, for he kneels in the
loving shade of a prickly cacti and
asks the heroine to leave her future
destinies in his hands. And the dear
girl enraptured by this unlooked for
happening goes and forgets to put her
name on this work of art which she
produced. All of which is to the point
that "Chappie" cannot print this lyric
or love and mystery of the Par East
until the creator gives some more sub
stantial form to her signature. So if
the bold, bad suitor of the cactus gar
den could spare her for a few mo
ments, could the heroine please leave
her name with "Chappie."
