# Rifle, Pistol Club To Seek Members
## 
### 
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol
Club is sponsoring a membership
drive; anyone interested is eligible
if he turns out and shoots five dif
ferent times. Meetings are at the
range Tuesday and Wednesday
evenings.
For the first time in its history,
the club will have membership pins.
These are composed of a red "S"
crossed by a gold rifle and pistol.
Applicants for the organization are
requested to contact Carlos Asensio-
Wunderlich, president, at Encina or
Sue Stewart, secretary-treasurer, at
Roble.
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol
Club is sponsoring a membership
drive; anyone interested is eligible
if he turns out and shoots five dif
ferent times. Meetings are at the
range Tuesday and Wednesday
evenings.
For the first time in its history,
the club will have membership pins.
These are composed of a red "S"
crossed by a gold rifle and pistol.
Applicants for the organization are
requested to contact Carlos Asensio-
Wunderlich, president, at Encina or
Sue Stewart, secretary-treasurer, at
Roble.
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol
Club is sponsoring a membership
drive; anyone interested is eligible
if he turns out and shoots five dif
ferent times. Meetings are at the
range Tuesday and Wednesday
evenings.
For the first time in its history,
the club will have membership pins.
These are composed of a red "S"
crossed by a gold rifle and pistol.
Applicants for the organization are
requested to contact Carlos Asensio-
Wunderlich, president, at Encina or
Sue Stewart, secretary-treasurer, at
Roble.
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol
Club is sponsoring a membership
drive; anyone interested is eligible
if he turns out and shoots five dif
ferent times. Meetings are at the
range Tuesday and Wednesday
evenings.
For the first time in its history,
the club will have membership pins.
These are composed of a red "S"
crossed by a gold rifle and pistol.
Applicants for the organization are
requested to contact Carlos Asensio-
Wunderlich, president, at Encina or
Sue Stewart, secretary-treasurer, at
Roble.
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol
Club is sponsoring a membership
drive; anyone interested is eligible
if he turns out and shoots five dif
ferent times. Meetings are at the
range Tuesday and Wednesday
evenings.
For the first time in its history,
the club will have membership pins.
These are composed of a red "S"
crossed by a gold rifle and pistol.
Applicants for the organization are
requested to contact Carlos Asensio-
Wunderlich, president, at Encina or
Sue Stewart, secretary-treasurer, at
Roble.
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol
Club is sponsoring a membership
drive; anyone interested is eligible
if he turns out and shoots five dif
ferent times. Meetings are at the
range Tuesday and Wednesday
evenings.
For the first time in its history,
the club will have membership pins.
These are composed of a red "S"
crossed by a gold rifle and pistol.
Applicants for the organization are
requested to contact Carlos Asensio-
Wunderlich, president, at Encina or
Sue Stewart, secretary-treasurer, at
Roble.
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol
Club is sponsoring a membership
drive; anyone interested is eligible
if he turns out and shoots five dif
ferent times. Meetings are at the
range Tuesday and Wednesday
evenings.
For the first time in its history,
the club will have membership pins.
These are composed of a red "S"
crossed by a gold rifle and pistol.
Applicants for the organization are
requested to contact Carlos Asensio-
Wunderlich, president, at Encina or
Sue Stewart, secretary-treasurer, at
Roble.
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol
Club is sponsoring a membership
drive; anyone interested is eligible
if he turns out and shoots five dif
ferent times. Meetings are at the
range Tuesday and Wednesday
evenings.
For the first time in its history,
the club will have membership pins.
These are composed of a red "S"
crossed by a gold rifle and pistol.
Applicants for the organization are
requested to contact Carlos Asensio-
Wunderlich, president, at Encina or
Sue Stewart, secretary-treasurer, at
Roble.
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol
Club is sponsoring a membership
drive; anyone interested is eligible
if he turns out and shoots five dif
ferent times. Meetings are at the
range Tuesday and Wednesday
evenings.
For the first time in its history,
the club will have membership pins.
These are composed of a red "S"
crossed by a gold rifle and pistol.
Applicants for the organization are
requested to contact Carlos Asensio-
Wunderlich, president, at Encina or
Sue Stewart, secretary-treasurer, at
Roble.
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol
Club is sponsoring a membership
drive; anyone interested is eligible
if he turns out and shoots five dif
ferent times. Meetings are at the
range Tuesday and Wednesday
evenings.
For the first time in its history,
the club will have membership pins.
These are composed of a red "S"
crossed by a gold rifle and pistol.
Applicants for the organization are
requested to contact Carlos Asensio-
Wunderlich, president, at Encina or
Sue Stewart, secretary-treasurer, at
Roble.
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol
Club is sponsoring a membership
drive; anyone interested is eligible
if he turns out and shoots five dif
ferent times. Meetings are at the
range Tuesday and Wednesday
evenings.
For the first time in its history,
the club will have membership pins.
These are composed of a red "S"
crossed by a gold rifle and pistol.
Applicants for the organization are
requested to contact Carlos Asensio-
Wunderlich, president, at Encina or
Sue Stewart, secretary-treasurer, at
Roble.
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol
Club is sponsoring a membership
drive; anyone interested is eligible
if he turns out and shoots five dif
ferent times. Meetings are at the
range Tuesday and Wednesday
evenings.
For the first time in its history,
the club will have membership pins.
These are composed of a red "S"
crossed by a gold rifle and pistol.
Applicants for the organization are
requested to contact Carlos Asensio-
Wunderlich, president, at Encina or
Sue Stewart, secretary-treasurer, at
Roble.
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol
Club is sponsoring a membership
drive; anyone interested is eligible
if he turns out and shoots five dif
ferent times. Meetings are at the
range Tuesday and Wednesday
evenings.
For the first time in its history,
the club will have membership pins.
These are composed of a red "S"
crossed by a gold rifle and pistol.
Applicants for the organization are
requested to contact Carlos Asensio-
Wunderlich, president, at Encina or
Sue Stewart, secretary-treasurer, at
Roble.
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol
Club is sponsoring a membership
drive; anyone interested is eligible
if he turns out and shoots five dif
ferent times. Meetings are at the
range Tuesday and Wednesday
evenings.
For the first time in its history,
the club will have membership pins.
These are composed of a red "S"
crossed by a gold rifle and pistol.
Applicants for the organization are
requested to contact Carlos Asensio-
Wunderlich, president, at Encina or
Sue Stewart, secretary-treasurer, at
Roble.
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol
Club is sponsoring a membership
drive; anyone interested is eligible
if he turns out and shoots five dif
ferent times. Meetings are at the
range Tuesday and Wednesday
evenings.
For the first time in its history,
the club will have membership pins.
These are composed of a red "S"
crossed by a gold rifle and pistol.
Applicants for the organization are
requested to contact Carlos Asensio-
Wunderlich, president, at Encina or
Sue Stewart, secretary-treasurer, at
Roble.
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol
Club is sponsoring a membership
drive; anyone interested is eligible
if he turns out and shoots five dif
ferent times. Meetings are at the
range Tuesday and Wednesday
evenings.
For the first time in its history,
the club will have membership pins.
These are composed of a red "S"
crossed by a gold rifle and pistol.
Applicants for the organization are
requested to contact Carlos Asensio-
Wunderlich, president, at Encina or
Sue Stewart, secretary-treasurer, at
Roble.
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol
Club is sponsoring a membership
drive; anyone interested is eligible
if he turns out and shoots five dif
ferent times. Meetings are at the
range Tuesday and Wednesday
evenings.
For the first time in its history,
the club will have membership pins.
These are composed of a red "S"
crossed by a gold rifle and pistol.
Applicants for the organization are
requested to contact Carlos Asensio-
Wunderlich, president, at Encina or
Sue Stewart, secretary-treasurer, at
Roble.
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol
Club is sponsoring a membership
drive; anyone interested is eligible
if he turns out and shoots five dif
ferent times. Meetings are at the
range Tuesday and Wednesday
evenings.
For the first time in its history,
the club will have membership pins.
These are composed of a red "S"
crossed by a gold rifle and pistol.
Applicants for the organization are
requested to contact Carlos Asensio-
Wunderlich, president, at Encina or
Sue Stewart, secretary-treasurer, at
Roble.
