# Frosh Netmen To Face Compton
## 
### 
Following the rain-out of Satur
day's match with Lowell High, the
frosh tennis squad will swing rac
quets today against Compton Junior
College, weather permitting.
The recent rainy weather that has
played havoc with other Farm sports
schedules has also prevented the
yearling racquetecrs from working
out.
Lining up on the Stanford side of
the net will be Bruce Wylie, Don
Salisbury, Emery Rogers, and Zook
Sutton. No. 1 doubles team for the
Card frosh will be Wylie and Salis
bury, with Rogers and Sutton man
ning the second doubles team.
Following the rain-out of Satur
day's match with Lowell High, the
frosh tennis squad will swing rac
quets today against Compton Junior
College, weather permitting.
The recent rainy weather that has
played havoc with other Farm sports
schedules has also prevented the
yearling racquetecrs from working
out.
Lining up on the Stanford side of
the net will be Bruce Wylie, Don
Salisbury, Emery Rogers, and Zook
Sutton. No. 1 doubles team for the
Card frosh will be Wylie and Salis
bury, with Rogers and Sutton man
ning the second doubles team.
Following the rain-out of Satur
day's match with Lowell High, the
frosh tennis squad will swing rac
quets today against Compton Junior
College, weather permitting.
The recent rainy weather that has
played havoc with other Farm sports
schedules has also prevented the
yearling racquetecrs from working
out.
Lining up on the Stanford side of
the net will be Bruce Wylie, Don
Salisbury, Emery Rogers, and Zook
Sutton. No. 1 doubles team for the
Card frosh will be Wylie and Salis
bury, with Rogers and Sutton man
ning the second doubles team.
Following the rain-out of Satur
day's match with Lowell High, the
frosh tennis squad will swing rac
quets today against Compton Junior
College, weather permitting.
The recent rainy weather that has
played havoc with other Farm sports
schedules has also prevented the
yearling racquetecrs from working
out.
Lining up on the Stanford side of
the net will be Bruce Wylie, Don
Salisbury, Emery Rogers, and Zook
Sutton. No. 1 doubles team for the
Card frosh will be Wylie and Salis
bury, with Rogers and Sutton man
ning the second doubles team.
Following the rain-out of Satur
day's match with Lowell High, the
frosh tennis squad will swing rac
quets today against Compton Junior
College, weather permitting.
The recent rainy weather that has
played havoc with other Farm sports
schedules has also prevented the
yearling racquetecrs from working
out.
Lining up on the Stanford side of
the net will be Bruce Wylie, Don
Salisbury, Emery Rogers, and Zook
Sutton. No. 1 doubles team for the
Card frosh will be Wylie and Salis
bury, with Rogers and Sutton man
ning the second doubles team.
Following the rain-out of Satur
day's match with Lowell High, the
frosh tennis squad will swing rac
quets today against Compton Junior
College, weather permitting.
The recent rainy weather that has
played havoc with other Farm sports
schedules has also prevented the
yearling racquetecrs from working
out.
Lining up on the Stanford side of
the net will be Bruce Wylie, Don
Salisbury, Emery Rogers, and Zook
Sutton. No. 1 doubles team for the
Card frosh will be Wylie and Salis
bury, with Rogers and Sutton man
ning the second doubles team.
Following the rain-out of Satur
day's match with Lowell High, the
frosh tennis squad will swing rac
quets today against Compton Junior
College, weather permitting.
The recent rainy weather that has
played havoc with other Farm sports
schedules has also prevented the
yearling racquetecrs from working
out.
Lining up on the Stanford side of
the net will be Bruce Wylie, Don
Salisbury, Emery Rogers, and Zook
Sutton. No. 1 doubles team for the
Card frosh will be Wylie and Salis
bury, with Rogers and Sutton man
ning the second doubles team.
Following the rain-out of Satur
day's match with Lowell High, the
frosh tennis squad will swing rac
quets today against Compton Junior
College, weather permitting.
The recent rainy weather that has
played havoc with other Farm sports
schedules has also prevented the
yearling racquetecrs from working
out.
Lining up on the Stanford side of
the net will be Bruce Wylie, Don
Salisbury, Emery Rogers, and Zook
Sutton. No. 1 doubles team for the
Card frosh will be Wylie and Salis
bury, with Rogers and Sutton man
ning the second doubles team.
Following the rain-out of Satur
day's match with Lowell High, the
frosh tennis squad will swing rac
quets today against Compton Junior
College, weather permitting.
The recent rainy weather that has
played havoc with other Farm sports
schedules has also prevented the
yearling racquetecrs from working
out.
Lining up on the Stanford side of
the net will be Bruce Wylie, Don
Salisbury, Emery Rogers, and Zook
Sutton. No. 1 doubles team for the
Card frosh will be Wylie and Salis
bury, with Rogers and Sutton man
ning the second doubles team.
Following the rain-out of Satur
day's match with Lowell High, the
frosh tennis squad will swing rac
quets today against Compton Junior
College, weather permitting.
The recent rainy weather that has
played havoc with other Farm sports
schedules has also prevented the
yearling racquetecrs from working
out.
Lining up on the Stanford side of
the net will be Bruce Wylie, Don
Salisbury, Emery Rogers, and Zook
Sutton. No. 1 doubles team for the
Card frosh will be Wylie and Salis
bury, with Rogers and Sutton man
ning the second doubles team.
Following the rain-out of Satur
day's match with Lowell High, the
frosh tennis squad will swing rac
quets today against Compton Junior
College, weather permitting.
The recent rainy weather that has
played havoc with other Farm sports
schedules has also prevented the
yearling racquetecrs from working
out.
Lining up on the Stanford side of
the net will be Bruce Wylie, Don
Salisbury, Emery Rogers, and Zook
Sutton. No. 1 doubles team for the
Card frosh will be Wylie and Salis
bury, with Rogers and Sutton man
ning the second doubles team.
Following the rain-out of Satur
day's match with Lowell High, the
frosh tennis squad will swing rac
quets today against Compton Junior
College, weather permitting.
The recent rainy weather that has
played havoc with other Farm sports
schedules has also prevented the
yearling racquetecrs from working
out.
Lining up on the Stanford side of
the net will be Bruce Wylie, Don
Salisbury, Emery Rogers, and Zook
Sutton. No. 1 doubles team for the
Card frosh will be Wylie and Salis
bury, with Rogers and Sutton man
ning the second doubles team.
Following the rain-out of Satur
day's match with Lowell High, the
frosh tennis squad will swing rac
quets today against Compton Junior
College, weather permitting.
The recent rainy weather that has
played havoc with other Farm sports
schedules has also prevented the
yearling racquetecrs from working
out.
Lining up on the Stanford side of
the net will be Bruce Wylie, Don
Salisbury, Emery Rogers, and Zook
Sutton. No. 1 doubles team for the
Card frosh will be Wylie and Salis
bury, with Rogers and Sutton man
ning the second doubles team.
Following the rain-out of Satur
day's match with Lowell High, the
frosh tennis squad will swing rac
quets today against Compton Junior
College, weather permitting.
The recent rainy weather that has
played havoc with other Farm sports
schedules has also prevented the
yearling racquetecrs from working
out.
Lining up on the Stanford side of
the net will be Bruce Wylie, Don
Salisbury, Emery Rogers, and Zook
Sutton. No. 1 doubles team for the
Card frosh will be Wylie and Salis
bury, with Rogers and Sutton man
ning the second doubles team.
Following the rain-out of Satur
day's match with Lowell High, the
frosh tennis squad will swing rac
quets today against Compton Junior
College, weather permitting.
The recent rainy weather that has
played havoc with other Farm sports
schedules has also prevented the
yearling racquetecrs from working
out.
Lining up on the Stanford side of
the net will be Bruce Wylie, Don
Salisbury, Emery Rogers, and Zook
Sutton. No. 1 doubles team for the
Card frosh will be Wylie and Salis
bury, with Rogers and Sutton man
ning the second doubles team.
Following the rain-out of Satur
day's match with Lowell High, the
frosh tennis squad will swing rac
quets today against Compton Junior
College, weather permitting.
The recent rainy weather that has
played havoc with other Farm sports
schedules has also prevented the
yearling racquetecrs from working
out.
Lining up on the Stanford side of
the net will be Bruce Wylie, Don
Salisbury, Emery Rogers, and Zook
Sutton. No. 1 doubles team for the
Card frosh will be Wylie and Salis
bury, with Rogers and Sutton man
ning the second doubles team.
Following the rain-out of Satur
day's match with Lowell High, the
frosh tennis squad will swing rac
quets today against Compton Junior
College, weather permitting.
The recent rainy weather that has
played havoc with other Farm sports
schedules has also prevented the
yearling racquetecrs from working
out.
Lining up on the Stanford side of
the net will be Bruce Wylie, Don
Salisbury, Emery Rogers, and Zook
Sutton. No. 1 doubles team for the
Card frosh will be Wylie and Salis
bury, with Rogers and Sutton man
ning the second doubles team.
Following the rain-out of Satur
day's match with Lowell High, the
frosh tennis squad will swing rac
quets today against Compton Junior
College, weather permitting.
The recent rainy weather that has
played havoc with other Farm sports
schedules has also prevented the
yearling racquetecrs from working
out.
Lining up on the Stanford side of
the net will be Bruce Wylie, Don
Salisbury, Emery Rogers, and Zook
Sutton. No. 1 doubles team for the
Card frosh will be Wylie and Salis
bury, with Rogers and Sutton man
ning the second doubles team.
