# Farm Plans New Geology, Mine School
## Equipment To Require $900,000; Board Approves Idea 
### 
Depending upon the receipt of a
sufficient endowment, Stanford will
consolidate the departments of geol
ogy and mining into a new school,
the School of Geology and Mining,
it was announced in the recently
issued report of the president. Ap
proval of the action was given by
the Board of Trustees, details of or
£■• nization to be worked out later.
The proposal, as approved by the
board, states that the purpose of
£!.icb a school would.be to "co-ordi
nate the work adequately in the
overlapping fields of interest and to
£(ve more visible indication of the
opportunities for training and re
search afforded by Stanford Uni
versity."
Stating that both of the depart
ments need much better facilities
th m are now available and a con
siderable expansion of their pro
grams, the report announced that to
tiiis end two things are imperative,
t'lc'e being a large addition to plant,
facilities, faculty, and endowment;
at id a new organization in the form
of a separate school of the Univer
sity, with the second of the two be
ing made contingent upon the ful
fill, nent of the first.
To make the plan effective, the
report stated, a good deal of addi
tional space would be required, only
part of which could be obtained by
possible remodeling and transfers.
This would mean the construction of
a new building, which it was sug
gested should contain the Branner
Memorial Library in the center
with the two departments housed in
the separate wings. The complete
cost of the building and equipment
would be about $900,000.
In addition to this cost, an en
dowment of approximately $2,000,000
would be needed to care for the
equipment, the salaries of the staff
and faculty, and fellowships. This
would- not include the cost of the
upkeep of the new building.
Depending upon the receipt of a
sufficient endowment, Stanford will
consolidate the departments of geol
ogy and mining into a new school,
the School of Geology and Mining,
it was announced in the recently
issued report of the president. Ap
proval of the action was given by
the Board of Trustees, details of or
£■• nization to be worked out later.
The proposal, as approved by the
board, states that the purpose of
£!.icb a school would.be to "co-ordi
nate the work adequately in the
overlapping fields of interest and to
£(ve more visible indication of the
opportunities for training and re
search afforded by Stanford Uni
versity."
Stating that both of the depart
ments need much better facilities
th m are now available and a con
siderable expansion of their pro
grams, the report announced that to
tiiis end two things are imperative,
t'lc'e being a large addition to plant,
facilities, faculty, and endowment;
at id a new organization in the form
of a separate school of the Univer
sity, with the second of the two be
ing made contingent upon the ful
fill, nent of the first.
To make the plan effective, the
report stated, a good deal of addi
tional space would be required, only
part of which could be obtained by
possible remodeling and transfers.
This would mean the construction of
a new building, which it was sug
gested should contain the Branner
Memorial Library in the center
with the two departments housed in
the separate wings. The complete
cost of the building and equipment
would be about $900,000.
In addition to this cost, an en
dowment of approximately $2,000,000
would be needed to care for the
equipment, the salaries of the staff
and faculty, and fellowships. This
would- not include the cost of the
upkeep of the new building.
Depending upon the receipt of a
sufficient endowment, Stanford will
consolidate the departments of geol
ogy and mining into a new school,
the School of Geology and Mining,
it was announced in the recently
issued report of the president. Ap
proval of the action was given by
the Board of Trustees, details of or
£■• nization to be worked out later.
The proposal, as approved by the
board, states that the purpose of
£!.icb a school would.be to "co-ordi
nate the work adequately in the
overlapping fields of interest and to
£(ve more visible indication of the
opportunities for training and re
search afforded by Stanford Uni
versity."
Stating that both of the depart
ments need much better facilities
th m are now available and a con
siderable expansion of their pro
grams, the report announced that to
tiiis end two things are imperative,
t'lc'e being a large addition to plant,
facilities, faculty, and endowment;
at id a new organization in the form
of a separate school of the Univer
sity, with the second of the two be
ing made contingent upon the ful
fill, nent of the first.
To make the plan effective, the
report stated, a good deal of addi
tional space would be required, only
part of which could be obtained by
possible remodeling and transfers.
This would mean the construction of
a new building, which it was sug
gested should contain the Branner
Memorial Library in the center
with the two departments housed in
the separate wings. The complete
cost of the building and equipment
would be about $900,000.
In addition to this cost, an en
dowment of approximately $2,000,000
would be needed to care for the
equipment, the salaries of the staff
and faculty, and fellowships. This
would- not include the cost of the
upkeep of the new building.
Depending upon the receipt of a
sufficient endowment, Stanford will
consolidate the departments of geol
ogy and mining into a new school,
the School of Geology and Mining,
it was announced in the recently
issued report of the president. Ap
proval of the action was given by
the Board of Trustees, details of or
£■• nization to be worked out later.
The proposal, as approved by the
board, states that the purpose of
£!.icb a school would.be to "co-ordi
nate the work adequately in the
overlapping fields of interest and to
£(ve more visible indication of the
opportunities for training and re
search afforded by Stanford Uni
versity."
Stating that both of the depart
ments need much better facilities
th m are now available and a con
siderable expansion of their pro
grams, the report announced that to
tiiis end two things are imperative,
t'lc'e being a large addition to plant,
facilities, faculty, and endowment;
at id a new organization in the form
of a separate school of the Univer
sity, with the second of the two be
ing made contingent upon the ful
fill, nent of the first.
To make the plan effective, the
report stated, a good deal of addi
tional space would be required, only
part of which could be obtained by
possible remodeling and transfers.
This would mean the construction of
a new building, which it was sug
gested should contain the Branner
Memorial Library in the center
with the two departments housed in
the separate wings. The complete
cost of the building and equipment
would be about $900,000.
In addition to this cost, an en
dowment of approximately $2,000,000
would be needed to care for the
equipment, the salaries of the staff
and faculty, and fellowships. This
would- not include the cost of the
upkeep of the new building.
Depending upon the receipt of a
sufficient endowment, Stanford will
consolidate the departments of geol
ogy and mining into a new school,
the School of Geology and Mining,
it was announced in the recently
issued report of the president. Ap
proval of the action was given by
the Board of Trustees, details of or
£■• nization to be worked out later.
The proposal, as approved by the
board, states that the purpose of
£!.icb a school would.be to "co-ordi
nate the work adequately in the
overlapping fields of interest and to
£(ve more visible indication of the
opportunities for training and re
search afforded by Stanford Uni
versity."
Stating that both of the depart
ments need much better facilities
th m are now available and a con
siderable expansion of their pro
grams, the report announced that to
tiiis end two things are imperative,
t'lc'e being a large addition to plant,
facilities, faculty, and endowment;
at id a new organization in the form
of a separate school of the Univer
sity, with the second of the two be
ing made contingent upon the ful
fill, nent of the first.
To make the plan effective, the
report stated, a good deal of addi
tional space would be required, only
part of which could be obtained by
possible remodeling and transfers.
This would mean the construction of
a new building, which it was sug
gested should contain the Branner
Memorial Library in the center
with the two departments housed in
the separate wings. The complete
cost of the building and equipment
would be about $900,000.
In addition to this cost, an en
dowment of approximately $2,000,000
would be needed to care for the
equipment, the salaries of the staff
and faculty, and fellowships. This
would- not include the cost of the
upkeep of the new building.
Depending upon the receipt of a
sufficient endowment, Stanford will
consolidate the departments of geol
ogy and mining into a new school,
the School of Geology and Mining,
it was announced in the recently
issued report of the president. Ap
proval of the action was given by
the Board of Trustees, details of or
£■• nization to be worked out later.
The proposal, as approved by the
board, states that the purpose of
£!.icb a school would.be to "co-ordi
nate the work adequately in the
overlapping fields of interest and to
£(ve more visible indication of the
opportunities for training and re
search afforded by Stanford Uni
versity."
Stating that both of the depart
ments need much better facilities
th m are now available and a con
siderable expansion of their pro
grams, the report announced that to
tiiis end two things are imperative,
t'lc'e being a large addition to plant,
facilities, faculty, and endowment;
at id a new organization in the form
of a separate school of the Univer
sity, with the second of the two be
ing made contingent upon the ful
fill, nent of the first.
To make the plan effective, the
report stated, a good deal of addi
tional space would be required, only
part of which could be obtained by
possible remodeling and transfers.
This would mean the construction of
a new building, which it was sug
gested should contain the Branner
Memorial Library in the center
with the two departments housed in
the separate wings. The complete
cost of the building and equipment
would be about $900,000.
In addition to this cost, an en
dowment of approximately $2,000,000
would be needed to care for the
equipment, the salaries of the staff
and faculty, and fellowships. This
would- not include the cost of the
upkeep of the new building.
Depending upon the receipt of a
sufficient endowment, Stanford will
consolidate the departments of geol
ogy and mining into a new school,
the School of Geology and Mining,
it was announced in the recently
issued report of the president. Ap
proval of the action was given by
the Board of Trustees, details of or
£■• nization to be worked out later.
The proposal, as approved by the
board, states that the purpose of
£!.icb a school would.be to "co-ordi
nate the work adequately in the
overlapping fields of interest and to
£(ve more visible indication of the
opportunities for training and re
search afforded by Stanford Uni
versity."
Stating that both of the depart
ments need much better facilities
th m are now available and a con
siderable expansion of their pro
grams, the report announced that to
tiiis end two things are imperative,
t'lc'e being a large addition to plant,
facilities, faculty, and endowment;
at id a new organization in the form
of a separate school of the Univer
sity, with the second of the two be
ing made contingent upon the ful
fill, nent of the first.
To make the plan effective, the
report stated, a good deal of addi
tional space would be required, only
part of which could be obtained by
possible remodeling and transfers.
This would mean the construction of
a new building, which it was sug
gested should contain the Branner
Memorial Library in the center
with the two departments housed in
the separate wings. The complete
cost of the building and equipment
would be about $900,000.
In addition to this cost, an en
dowment of approximately $2,000,000
would be needed to care for the
equipment, the salaries of the staff
and faculty, and fellowships. This
would- not include the cost of the
upkeep of the new building.
Depending upon the receipt of a
sufficient endowment, Stanford will
consolidate the departments of geol
ogy and mining into a new school,
the School of Geology and Mining,
it was announced in the recently
issued report of the president. Ap
proval of the action was given by
the Board of Trustees, details of or
£■• nization to be worked out later.
The proposal, as approved by the
board, states that the purpose of
£!.icb a school would.be to "co-ordi
nate the work adequately in the
overlapping fields of interest and to
£(ve more visible indication of the
opportunities for training and re
search afforded by Stanford Uni
versity."
Stating that both of the depart
ments need much better facilities
th m are now available and a con
siderable expansion of their pro
grams, the report announced that to
tiiis end two things are imperative,
t'lc'e being a large addition to plant,
facilities, faculty, and endowment;
at id a new organization in the form
of a separate school of the Univer
sity, with the second of the two be
ing made contingent upon the ful
fill, nent of the first.
To make the plan effective, the
report stated, a good deal of addi
tional space would be required, only
part of which could be obtained by
possible remodeling and transfers.
This would mean the construction of
a new building, which it was sug
gested should contain the Branner
Memorial Library in the center
with the two departments housed in
the separate wings. The complete
cost of the building and equipment
would be about $900,000.
In addition to this cost, an en
dowment of approximately $2,000,000
would be needed to care for the
equipment, the salaries of the staff
and faculty, and fellowships. This
would- not include the cost of the
upkeep of the new building.
Depending upon the receipt of a
sufficient endowment, Stanford will
consolidate the departments of geol
ogy and mining into a new school,
the School of Geology and Mining,
it was announced in the recently
issued report of the president. Ap
proval of the action was given by
the Board of Trustees, details of or
£■• nization to be worked out later.
The proposal, as approved by the
board, states that the purpose of
£!.icb a school would.be to "co-ordi
nate the work adequately in the
overlapping fields of interest and to
£(ve more visible indication of the
opportunities for training and re
search afforded by Stanford Uni
versity."
Stating that both of the depart
ments need much better facilities
th m are now available and a con
siderable expansion of their pro
grams, the report announced that to
tiiis end two things are imperative,
t'lc'e being a large addition to plant,
facilities, faculty, and endowment;
at id a new organization in the form
of a separate school of the Univer
sity, with the second of the two be
ing made contingent upon the ful
fill, nent of the first.
To make the plan effective, the
report stated, a good deal of addi
tional space would be required, only
part of which could be obtained by
possible remodeling and transfers.
This would mean the construction of
a new building, which it was sug
gested should contain the Branner
Memorial Library in the center
with the two departments housed in
the separate wings. The complete
cost of the building and equipment
would be about $900,000.
In addition to this cost, an en
dowment of approximately $2,000,000
would be needed to care for the
equipment, the salaries of the staff
and faculty, and fellowships. This
would- not include the cost of the
upkeep of the new building.
Depending upon the receipt of a
sufficient endowment, Stanford will
consolidate the departments of geol
ogy and mining into a new school,
the School of Geology and Mining,
it was announced in the recently
issued report of the president. Ap
proval of the action was given by
the Board of Trustees, details of or
£■• nization to be worked out later.
The proposal, as approved by the
board, states that the purpose of
£!.icb a school would.be to "co-ordi
nate the work adequately in the
overlapping fields of interest and to
£(ve more visible indication of the
opportunities for training and re
search afforded by Stanford Uni
versity."
Stating that both of the depart
ments need much better facilities
th m are now available and a con
siderable expansion of their pro
grams, the report announced that to
tiiis end two things are imperative,
t'lc'e being a large addition to plant,
facilities, faculty, and endowment;
at id a new organization in the form
of a separate school of the Univer
sity, with the second of the two be
ing made contingent upon the ful
fill, nent of the first.
To make the plan effective, the
report stated, a good deal of addi
tional space would be required, only
part of which could be obtained by
possible remodeling and transfers.
This would mean the construction of
a new building, which it was sug
gested should contain the Branner
Memorial Library in the center
with the two departments housed in
the separate wings. The complete
cost of the building and equipment
would be about $900,000.
In addition to this cost, an en
dowment of approximately $2,000,000
would be needed to care for the
equipment, the salaries of the staff
and faculty, and fellowships. This
would- not include the cost of the
upkeep of the new building.
Depending upon the receipt of a
sufficient endowment, Stanford will
consolidate the departments of geol
ogy and mining into a new school,
the School of Geology and Mining,
it was announced in the recently
issued report of the president. Ap
proval of the action was given by
the Board of Trustees, details of or
£■• nization to be worked out later.
The proposal, as approved by the
board, states that the purpose of
£!.icb a school would.be to "co-ordi
nate the work adequately in the
overlapping fields of interest and to
£(ve more visible indication of the
opportunities for training and re
search afforded by Stanford Uni
versity."
Stating that both of the depart
ments need much better facilities
th m are now available and a con
siderable expansion of their pro
grams, the report announced that to
tiiis end two things are imperative,
t'lc'e being a large addition to plant,
facilities, faculty, and endowment;
at id a new organization in the form
of a separate school of the Univer
sity, with the second of the two be
ing made contingent upon the ful
fill, nent of the first.
To make the plan effective, the
report stated, a good deal of addi
tional space would be required, only
part of which could be obtained by
possible remodeling and transfers.
This would mean the construction of
a new building, which it was sug
gested should contain the Branner
Memorial Library in the center
with the two departments housed in
the separate wings. The complete
cost of the building and equipment
would be about $900,000.
In addition to this cost, an en
dowment of approximately $2,000,000
would be needed to care for the
equipment, the salaries of the staff
and faculty, and fellowships. This
would- not include the cost of the
upkeep of the new building.
Depending upon the receipt of a
sufficient endowment, Stanford will
consolidate the departments of geol
ogy and mining into a new school,
the School of Geology and Mining,
it was announced in the recently
issued report of the president. Ap
proval of the action was given by
the Board of Trustees, details of or
£■• nization to be worked out later.
The proposal, as approved by the
board, states that the purpose of
£!.icb a school would.be to "co-ordi
nate the work adequately in the
overlapping fields of interest and to
£(ve more visible indication of the
opportunities for training and re
search afforded by Stanford Uni
versity."
Stating that both of the depart
ments need much better facilities
th m are now available and a con
siderable expansion of their pro
grams, the report announced that to
tiiis end two things are imperative,
t'lc'e being a large addition to plant,
facilities, faculty, and endowment;
at id a new organization in the form
of a separate school of the Univer
sity, with the second of the two be
ing made contingent upon the ful
fill, nent of the first.
To make the plan effective, the
report stated, a good deal of addi
tional space would be required, only
part of which could be obtained by
possible remodeling and transfers.
This would mean the construction of
a new building, which it was sug
gested should contain the Branner
Memorial Library in the center
with the two departments housed in
the separate wings. The complete
cost of the building and equipment
would be about $900,000.
In addition to this cost, an en
dowment of approximately $2,000,000
would be needed to care for the
equipment, the salaries of the staff
and faculty, and fellowships. This
would- not include the cost of the
upkeep of the new building.
Depending upon the receipt of a
sufficient endowment, Stanford will
consolidate the departments of geol
ogy and mining into a new school,
the School of Geology and Mining,
it was announced in the recently
issued report of the president. Ap
proval of the action was given by
the Board of Trustees, details of or
£■• nization to be worked out later.
The proposal, as approved by the
board, states that the purpose of
£!.icb a school would.be to "co-ordi
nate the work adequately in the
overlapping fields of interest and to
£(ve more visible indication of the
opportunities for training and re
search afforded by Stanford Uni
versity."
Stating that both of the depart
ments need much better facilities
th m are now available and a con
siderable expansion of their pro
grams, the report announced that to
tiiis end two things are imperative,
t'lc'e being a large addition to plant,
facilities, faculty, and endowment;
at id a new organization in the form
of a separate school of the Univer
sity, with the second of the two be
ing made contingent upon the ful
fill, nent of the first.
To make the plan effective, the
report stated, a good deal of addi
tional space would be required, only
part of which could be obtained by
possible remodeling and transfers.
This would mean the construction of
a new building, which it was sug
gested should contain the Branner
Memorial Library in the center
with the two departments housed in
the separate wings. The complete
cost of the building and equipment
would be about $900,000.
In addition to this cost, an en
dowment of approximately $2,000,000
would be needed to care for the
equipment, the salaries of the staff
and faculty, and fellowships. This
would- not include the cost of the
upkeep of the new building.
Depending upon the receipt of a
sufficient endowment, Stanford will
consolidate the departments of geol
ogy and mining into a new school,
the School of Geology and Mining,
it was announced in the recently
issued report of the president. Ap
proval of the action was given by
the Board of Trustees, details of or
£■• nization to be worked out later.
The proposal, as approved by the
board, states that the purpose of
£!.icb a school would.be to "co-ordi
nate the work adequately in the
overlapping fields of interest and to
£(ve more visible indication of the
opportunities for training and re
search afforded by Stanford Uni
versity."
Stating that both of the depart
ments need much better facilities
th m are now available and a con
siderable expansion of their pro
grams, the report announced that to
tiiis end two things are imperative,
t'lc'e being a large addition to plant,
facilities, faculty, and endowment;
at id a new organization in the form
of a separate school of the Univer
sity, with the second of the two be
ing made contingent upon the ful
fill, nent of the first.
To make the plan effective, the
report stated, a good deal of addi
tional space would be required, only
part of which could be obtained by
possible remodeling and transfers.
This would mean the construction of
a new building, which it was sug
gested should contain the Branner
Memorial Library in the center
with the two departments housed in
the separate wings. The complete
cost of the building and equipment
would be about $900,000.
In addition to this cost, an en
dowment of approximately $2,000,000
would be needed to care for the
equipment, the salaries of the staff
and faculty, and fellowships. This
would- not include the cost of the
upkeep of the new building.
Depending upon the receipt of a
sufficient endowment, Stanford will
consolidate the departments of geol
ogy and mining into a new school,
the School of Geology and Mining,
it was announced in the recently
issued report of the president. Ap
proval of the action was given by
the Board of Trustees, details of or
£■• nization to be worked out later.
The proposal, as approved by the
board, states that the purpose of
£!.icb a school would.be to "co-ordi
nate the work adequately in the
overlapping fields of interest and to
£(ve more visible indication of the
opportunities for training and re
search afforded by Stanford Uni
versity."
Stating that both of the depart
ments need much better facilities
th m are now available and a con
siderable expansion of their pro
grams, the report announced that to
tiiis end two things are imperative,
t'lc'e being a large addition to plant,
facilities, faculty, and endowment;
at id a new organization in the form
of a separate school of the Univer
sity, with the second of the two be
ing made contingent upon the ful
fill, nent of the first.
To make the plan effective, the
report stated, a good deal of addi
tional space would be required, only
part of which could be obtained by
possible remodeling and transfers.
This would mean the construction of
a new building, which it was sug
gested should contain the Branner
Memorial Library in the center
with the two departments housed in
the separate wings. The complete
cost of the building and equipment
would be about $900,000.
In addition to this cost, an en
dowment of approximately $2,000,000
would be needed to care for the
equipment, the salaries of the staff
and faculty, and fellowships. This
would- not include the cost of the
upkeep of the new building.
Depending upon the receipt of a
sufficient endowment, Stanford will
consolidate the departments of geol
ogy and mining into a new school,
the School of Geology and Mining,
it was announced in the recently
issued report of the president. Ap
proval of the action was given by
the Board of Trustees, details of or
£■• nization to be worked out later.
The proposal, as approved by the
board, states that the purpose of
£!.icb a school would.be to "co-ordi
nate the work adequately in the
overlapping fields of interest and to
£(ve more visible indication of the
opportunities for training and re
search afforded by Stanford Uni
versity."
Stating that both of the depart
ments need much better facilities
th m are now available and a con
siderable expansion of their pro
grams, the report announced that to
tiiis end two things are imperative,
t'lc'e being a large addition to plant,
facilities, faculty, and endowment;
at id a new organization in the form
of a separate school of the Univer
sity, with the second of the two be
ing made contingent upon the ful
fill, nent of the first.
To make the plan effective, the
report stated, a good deal of addi
tional space would be required, only
part of which could be obtained by
possible remodeling and transfers.
This would mean the construction of
a new building, which it was sug
gested should contain the Branner
Memorial Library in the center
with the two departments housed in
the separate wings. The complete
cost of the building and equipment
would be about $900,000.
In addition to this cost, an en
dowment of approximately $2,000,000
would be needed to care for the
equipment, the salaries of the staff
and faculty, and fellowships. This
would- not include the cost of the
upkeep of the new building.
Depending upon the receipt of a
sufficient endowment, Stanford will
consolidate the departments of geol
ogy and mining into a new school,
the School of Geology and Mining,
it was announced in the recently
issued report of the president. Ap
proval of the action was given by
the Board of Trustees, details of or
£■• nization to be worked out later.
The proposal, as approved by the
board, states that the purpose of
£!.icb a school would.be to "co-ordi
nate the work adequately in the
overlapping fields of interest and to
£(ve more visible indication of the
opportunities for training and re
search afforded by Stanford Uni
versity."
Stating that both of the depart
ments need much better facilities
th m are now available and a con
siderable expansion of their pro
grams, the report announced that to
tiiis end two things are imperative,
t'lc'e being a large addition to plant,
facilities, faculty, and endowment;
at id a new organization in the form
of a separate school of the Univer
sity, with the second of the two be
ing made contingent upon the ful
fill, nent of the first.
To make the plan effective, the
report stated, a good deal of addi
tional space would be required, only
part of which could be obtained by
possible remodeling and transfers.
This would mean the construction of
a new building, which it was sug
gested should contain the Branner
Memorial Library in the center
with the two departments housed in
the separate wings. The complete
cost of the building and equipment
would be about $900,000.
In addition to this cost, an en
dowment of approximately $2,000,000
would be needed to care for the
equipment, the salaries of the staff
and faculty, and fellowships. This
would- not include the cost of the
upkeep of the new building.
Depending upon the receipt of a
sufficient endowment, Stanford will
consolidate the departments of geol
ogy and mining into a new school,
the School of Geology and Mining,
it was announced in the recently
issued report of the president. Ap
proval of the action was given by
the Board of Trustees, details of or
£■• nization to be worked out later.
The proposal, as approved by the
board, states that the purpose of
£!.icb a school would.be to "co-ordi
nate the work adequately in the
overlapping fields of interest and to
£(ve more visible indication of the
opportunities for training and re
search afforded by Stanford Uni
versity."
Stating that both of the depart
ments need much better facilities
th m are now available and a con
siderable expansion of their pro
grams, the report announced that to
tiiis end two things are imperative,
t'lc'e being a large addition to plant,
facilities, faculty, and endowment;
at id a new organization in the form
of a separate school of the Univer
sity, with the second of the two be
ing made contingent upon the ful
fill, nent of the first.
To make the plan effective, the
report stated, a good deal of addi
tional space would be required, only
part of which could be obtained by
possible remodeling and transfers.
This would mean the construction of
a new building, which it was sug
gested should contain the Branner
Memorial Library in the center
with the two departments housed in
the separate wings. The complete
cost of the building and equipment
would be about $900,000.
In addition to this cost, an en
dowment of approximately $2,000,000
would be needed to care for the
equipment, the salaries of the staff
and faculty, and fellowships. This
would- not include the cost of the
upkeep of the new building.
