# Untitled Article
## 
### 

ENFORCING a rigid rule of silence lest they miss a word, Yanks in
New Guinea listen to a radio tuned to an American station. This pic
ture was taken just before the Buna offensive.

ENFORCING a rigid rule of silence lest they miss a word, Yanks in
New Guinea listen to a radio tuned to an American station. This pic
ture was taken just before the Buna offensive.

ENFORCING a rigid rule of silence lest they miss a word, Yanks in
New Guinea listen to a radio tuned to an American station. This pic
ture was taken just before the Buna offensive.

ENFORCING a rigid rule of silence lest they miss a word, Yanks in
New Guinea listen to a radio tuned to an American station. This pic
ture was taken just before the Buna offensive.

ENFORCING a rigid rule of silence lest they miss a word, Yanks in
New Guinea listen to a radio tuned to an American station. This pic
ture was taken just before the Buna offensive.

ENFORCING a rigid rule of silence lest they miss a word, Yanks in
New Guinea listen to a radio tuned to an American station. This pic
ture was taken just before the Buna offensive.

ENFORCING a rigid rule of silence lest they miss a word, Yanks in
New Guinea listen to a radio tuned to an American station. This pic
ture was taken just before the Buna offensive.

ENFORCING a rigid rule of silence lest they miss a word, Yanks in
New Guinea listen to a radio tuned to an American station. This pic
ture was taken just before the Buna offensive.

ENFORCING a rigid rule of silence lest they miss a word, Yanks in
New Guinea listen to a radio tuned to an American station. This pic
ture was taken just before the Buna offensive.

ENFORCING a rigid rule of silence lest they miss a word, Yanks in
New Guinea listen to a radio tuned to an American station. This pic
ture was taken just before the Buna offensive.

ENFORCING a rigid rule of silence lest they miss a word, Yanks in
New Guinea listen to a radio tuned to an American station. This pic
ture was taken just before the Buna offensive.

ENFORCING a rigid rule of silence lest they miss a word, Yanks in
New Guinea listen to a radio tuned to an American station. This pic
ture was taken just before the Buna offensive.

ENFORCING a rigid rule of silence lest they miss a word, Yanks in
New Guinea listen to a radio tuned to an American station. This pic
ture was taken just before the Buna offensive.

ENFORCING a rigid rule of silence lest they miss a word, Yanks in
New Guinea listen to a radio tuned to an American station. This pic
ture was taken just before the Buna offensive.

ENFORCING a rigid rule of silence lest they miss a word, Yanks in
New Guinea listen to a radio tuned to an American station. This pic
ture was taken just before the Buna offensive.

ENFORCING a rigid rule of silence lest they miss a word, Yanks in
New Guinea listen to a radio tuned to an American station. This pic
ture was taken just before the Buna offensive.

ENFORCING a rigid rule of silence lest they miss a word, Yanks in
New Guinea listen to a radio tuned to an American station. This pic
ture was taken just before the Buna offensive.
