# Adv. 18 Page 4
## 
### 
What Stanford
Women Ought
to Know—
Complete lines of famous
cosmetics, perfumes,
toiletries at the
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
• de Markoff
• Lentheric
• Coty
• Yardley
1 34 Palo Alto
University Ave. 5194
What Stanford
Women Ought
to Know—
Complete lines of famous
cosmetics, perfumes,
toiletries at the
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
• de Markoff
• Lentheric
• Coty
• Yardley
1 34 Palo Alto
University Ave. 5194
What Stanford
Women Ought
to Know—
Complete lines of famous
cosmetics, perfumes,
toiletries at the
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
• de Markoff
• Lentheric
• Coty
• Yardley
1 34 Palo Alto
University Ave. 5194
What Stanford
Women Ought
to Know—
Complete lines of famous
cosmetics, perfumes,
toiletries at the
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
• de Markoff
• Lentheric
• Coty
• Yardley
1 34 Palo Alto
University Ave. 5194
What Stanford
Women Ought
to Know—
Complete lines of famous
cosmetics, perfumes,
toiletries at the
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
• de Markoff
• Lentheric
• Coty
• Yardley
1 34 Palo Alto
University Ave. 5194
What Stanford
Women Ought
to Know—
Complete lines of famous
cosmetics, perfumes,
toiletries at the
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
• de Markoff
• Lentheric
• Coty
• Yardley
1 34 Palo Alto
University Ave. 5194
What Stanford
Women Ought
to Know—
Complete lines of famous
cosmetics, perfumes,
toiletries at the
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
• de Markoff
• Lentheric
• Coty
• Yardley
1 34 Palo Alto
University Ave. 5194
What Stanford
Women Ought
to Know—
Complete lines of famous
cosmetics, perfumes,
toiletries at the
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
• de Markoff
• Lentheric
• Coty
• Yardley
1 34 Palo Alto
University Ave. 5194
What Stanford
Women Ought
to Know—
Complete lines of famous
cosmetics, perfumes,
toiletries at the
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
• de Markoff
• Lentheric
• Coty
• Yardley
1 34 Palo Alto
University Ave. 5194
What Stanford
Women Ought
to Know—
Complete lines of famous
cosmetics, perfumes,
toiletries at the
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
• de Markoff
• Lentheric
• Coty
• Yardley
1 34 Palo Alto
University Ave. 5194
What Stanford
Women Ought
to Know—
Complete lines of famous
cosmetics, perfumes,
toiletries at the
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
• de Markoff
• Lentheric
• Coty
• Yardley
1 34 Palo Alto
University Ave. 5194
What Stanford
Women Ought
to Know—
Complete lines of famous
cosmetics, perfumes,
toiletries at the
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
• de Markoff
• Lentheric
• Coty
• Yardley
1 34 Palo Alto
University Ave. 5194
What Stanford
Women Ought
to Know—
Complete lines of famous
cosmetics, perfumes,
toiletries at the
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
• de Markoff
• Lentheric
• Coty
• Yardley
1 34 Palo Alto
University Ave. 5194
What Stanford
Women Ought
to Know—
Complete lines of famous
cosmetics, perfumes,
toiletries at the
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
• de Markoff
• Lentheric
• Coty
• Yardley
1 34 Palo Alto
University Ave. 5194
What Stanford
Women Ought
to Know—
Complete lines of famous
cosmetics, perfumes,
toiletries at the
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
• de Markoff
• Lentheric
• Coty
• Yardley
1 34 Palo Alto
University Ave. 5194
What Stanford
Women Ought
to Know—
Complete lines of famous
cosmetics, perfumes,
toiletries at the
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
• de Markoff
• Lentheric
• Coty
• Yardley
1 34 Palo Alto
University Ave. 5194
What Stanford
Women Ought
to Know—
Complete lines of famous
cosmetics, perfumes,
toiletries at the
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
• de Markoff
• Lentheric
• Coty
• Yardley
1 34 Palo Alto
University Ave. 5194
