# Police Hunt Two In Assault Case
## 
### 
SEATTLE, Jan. 29 (UP). —Police
yesterday held a Negro and sought
two companions which a young
Alaska miner said beat him and at
tacked his wife while he was forced
to look on. Fred W. Alderson, 32,
was jailed after admitting his part
in the act.
M. J. Edmundson, 2(5, Fairbanks,
told police he saved his 25-year
old wife, Adah, from worse indigni
ties when he threw her out the
hotel window where they were held
prisoners.
SEATTLE, Jan. 29 (UP). —Police
yesterday held a Negro and sought
two companions which a young
Alaska miner said beat him and at
tacked his wife while he was forced
to look on. Fred W. Alderson, 32,
was jailed after admitting his part
in the act.
M. J. Edmundson, 2(5, Fairbanks,
told police he saved his 25-year
old wife, Adah, from worse indigni
ties when he threw her out the
hotel window where they were held
prisoners.
SEATTLE, Jan. 29 (UP). —Police
yesterday held a Negro and sought
two companions which a young
Alaska miner said beat him and at
tacked his wife while he was forced
to look on. Fred W. Alderson, 32,
was jailed after admitting his part
in the act.
M. J. Edmundson, 2(5, Fairbanks,
told police he saved his 25-year
old wife, Adah, from worse indigni
ties when he threw her out the
hotel window where they were held
prisoners.
SEATTLE, Jan. 29 (UP). —Police
yesterday held a Negro and sought
two companions which a young
Alaska miner said beat him and at
tacked his wife while he was forced
to look on. Fred W. Alderson, 32,
was jailed after admitting his part
in the act.
M. J. Edmundson, 2(5, Fairbanks,
told police he saved his 25-year
old wife, Adah, from worse indigni
ties when he threw her out the
hotel window where they were held
prisoners.
SEATTLE, Jan. 29 (UP). —Police
yesterday held a Negro and sought
two companions which a young
Alaska miner said beat him and at
tacked his wife while he was forced
to look on. Fred W. Alderson, 32,
was jailed after admitting his part
in the act.
M. J. Edmundson, 2(5, Fairbanks,
told police he saved his 25-year
old wife, Adah, from worse indigni
ties when he threw her out the
hotel window where they were held
prisoners.
SEATTLE, Jan. 29 (UP). —Police
yesterday held a Negro and sought
two companions which a young
Alaska miner said beat him and at
tacked his wife while he was forced
to look on. Fred W. Alderson, 32,
was jailed after admitting his part
in the act.
M. J. Edmundson, 2(5, Fairbanks,
told police he saved his 25-year
old wife, Adah, from worse indigni
ties when he threw her out the
hotel window where they were held
prisoners.
SEATTLE, Jan. 29 (UP). —Police
yesterday held a Negro and sought
two companions which a young
Alaska miner said beat him and at
tacked his wife while he was forced
to look on. Fred W. Alderson, 32,
was jailed after admitting his part
in the act.
M. J. Edmundson, 2(5, Fairbanks,
told police he saved his 25-year
old wife, Adah, from worse indigni
ties when he threw her out the
hotel window where they were held
prisoners.
SEATTLE, Jan. 29 (UP). —Police
yesterday held a Negro and sought
two companions which a young
Alaska miner said beat him and at
tacked his wife while he was forced
to look on. Fred W. Alderson, 32,
was jailed after admitting his part
in the act.
M. J. Edmundson, 2(5, Fairbanks,
told police he saved his 25-year
old wife, Adah, from worse indigni
ties when he threw her out the
hotel window where they were held
prisoners.
SEATTLE, Jan. 29 (UP). —Police
yesterday held a Negro and sought
two companions which a young
Alaska miner said beat him and at
tacked his wife while he was forced
to look on. Fred W. Alderson, 32,
was jailed after admitting his part
in the act.
M. J. Edmundson, 2(5, Fairbanks,
told police he saved his 25-year
old wife, Adah, from worse indigni
ties when he threw her out the
hotel window where they were held
prisoners.
SEATTLE, Jan. 29 (UP). —Police
yesterday held a Negro and sought
two companions which a young
Alaska miner said beat him and at
tacked his wife while he was forced
to look on. Fred W. Alderson, 32,
was jailed after admitting his part
in the act.
M. J. Edmundson, 2(5, Fairbanks,
told police he saved his 25-year
old wife, Adah, from worse indigni
ties when he threw her out the
hotel window where they were held
prisoners.
SEATTLE, Jan. 29 (UP). —Police
yesterday held a Negro and sought
two companions which a young
Alaska miner said beat him and at
tacked his wife while he was forced
to look on. Fred W. Alderson, 32,
was jailed after admitting his part
in the act.
M. J. Edmundson, 2(5, Fairbanks,
told police he saved his 25-year
old wife, Adah, from worse indigni
ties when he threw her out the
hotel window where they were held
prisoners.
SEATTLE, Jan. 29 (UP). —Police
yesterday held a Negro and sought
two companions which a young
Alaska miner said beat him and at
tacked his wife while he was forced
to look on. Fred W. Alderson, 32,
was jailed after admitting his part
in the act.
M. J. Edmundson, 2(5, Fairbanks,
told police he saved his 25-year
old wife, Adah, from worse indigni
ties when he threw her out the
hotel window where they were held
prisoners.
SEATTLE, Jan. 29 (UP). —Police
yesterday held a Negro and sought
two companions which a young
Alaska miner said beat him and at
tacked his wife while he was forced
to look on. Fred W. Alderson, 32,
was jailed after admitting his part
in the act.
M. J. Edmundson, 2(5, Fairbanks,
told police he saved his 25-year
old wife, Adah, from worse indigni
ties when he threw her out the
hotel window where they were held
prisoners.
SEATTLE, Jan. 29 (UP). —Police
yesterday held a Negro and sought
two companions which a young
Alaska miner said beat him and at
tacked his wife while he was forced
to look on. Fred W. Alderson, 32,
was jailed after admitting his part
in the act.
M. J. Edmundson, 2(5, Fairbanks,
told police he saved his 25-year
old wife, Adah, from worse indigni
ties when he threw her out the
hotel window where they were held
prisoners.
SEATTLE, Jan. 29 (UP). —Police
yesterday held a Negro and sought
two companions which a young
Alaska miner said beat him and at
tacked his wife while he was forced
to look on. Fred W. Alderson, 32,
was jailed after admitting his part
in the act.
M. J. Edmundson, 2(5, Fairbanks,
told police he saved his 25-year
old wife, Adah, from worse indigni
ties when he threw her out the
hotel window where they were held
prisoners.
SEATTLE, Jan. 29 (UP). —Police
yesterday held a Negro and sought
two companions which a young
Alaska miner said beat him and at
tacked his wife while he was forced
to look on. Fred W. Alderson, 32,
was jailed after admitting his part
in the act.
M. J. Edmundson, 2(5, Fairbanks,
told police he saved his 25-year
old wife, Adah, from worse indigni
ties when he threw her out the
hotel window where they were held
prisoners.
SEATTLE, Jan. 29 (UP). —Police
yesterday held a Negro and sought
two companions which a young
Alaska miner said beat him and at
tacked his wife while he was forced
to look on. Fred W. Alderson, 32,
was jailed after admitting his part
in the act.
M. J. Edmundson, 2(5, Fairbanks,
told police he saved his 25-year
old wife, Adah, from worse indigni
ties when he threw her out the
hotel window where they were held
prisoners.
