# Cal, Bronco, Gael Ducats Go on Sale
## 
### 
Tickets for (lie Sanla Clara, St.
Mary's and California basketball
games with (he Stanford varsity
go on sale (bis morning a( the
B.A.C. at 8:!»0 o'clock. Tickcts for
(he first two games, which will be
held in Ke/.ar Pavilion, San Fran
cisco, on Feb. 2 and I). will also
include admission to the Santa
Clara - U.S.F. and si. Mary's-
U.S.F. games being played there
the same nights.
Rooters' tickets for the games in
San Francisco will be 25 cents
each, and for the Cal game, which
will be held Feb. !) at Berkeley,
10 cents. General admission tiek
cts arc 50 cen(s and $1.10. respec
(ivelv. for the Kczar and Berke
ley (ills. Students must show stu
dent body cards for rooters' tick
ets. may buy as many general ad
mission tickets as thev wish.
Tickets for (lie Sanla Clara, St.
Mary's and California basketball
games with (he Stanford varsity
go on sale (bis morning a( the
B.A.C. at 8:!»0 o'clock. Tickcts for
(he first two games, which will be
held in Ke/.ar Pavilion, San Fran
cisco, on Feb. 2 and I). will also
include admission to the Santa
Clara - U.S.F. and si. Mary's-
U.S.F. games being played there
the same nights.
Rooters' tickets for the games in
San Francisco will be 25 cents
each, and for the Cal game, which
will be held Feb. !) at Berkeley,
10 cents. General admission tiek
cts arc 50 cen(s and $1.10. respec
(ivelv. for the Kczar and Berke
ley (ills. Students must show stu
dent body cards for rooters' tick
ets. may buy as many general ad
mission tickets as thev wish.
Tickets for (lie Sanla Clara, St.
Mary's and California basketball
games with (he Stanford varsity
go on sale (bis morning a( the
B.A.C. at 8:!»0 o'clock. Tickcts for
(he first two games, which will be
held in Ke/.ar Pavilion, San Fran
cisco, on Feb. 2 and I). will also
include admission to the Santa
Clara - U.S.F. and si. Mary's-
U.S.F. games being played there
the same nights.
Rooters' tickets for the games in
San Francisco will be 25 cents
each, and for the Cal game, which
will be held Feb. !) at Berkeley,
10 cents. General admission tiek
cts arc 50 cen(s and $1.10. respec
(ivelv. for the Kczar and Berke
ley (ills. Students must show stu
dent body cards for rooters' tick
ets. may buy as many general ad
mission tickets as thev wish.
Tickets for (lie Sanla Clara, St.
Mary's and California basketball
games with (he Stanford varsity
go on sale (bis morning a( the
B.A.C. at 8:!»0 o'clock. Tickcts for
(he first two games, which will be
held in Ke/.ar Pavilion, San Fran
cisco, on Feb. 2 and I). will also
include admission to the Santa
Clara - U.S.F. and si. Mary's-
U.S.F. games being played there
the same nights.
Rooters' tickets for the games in
San Francisco will be 25 cents
each, and for the Cal game, which
will be held Feb. !) at Berkeley,
10 cents. General admission tiek
cts arc 50 cen(s and $1.10. respec
(ivelv. for the Kczar and Berke
ley (ills. Students must show stu
dent body cards for rooters' tick
ets. may buy as many general ad
mission tickets as thev wish.
Tickets for (lie Sanla Clara, St.
Mary's and California basketball
games with (he Stanford varsity
go on sale (bis morning a( the
B.A.C. at 8:!»0 o'clock. Tickcts for
(he first two games, which will be
held in Ke/.ar Pavilion, San Fran
cisco, on Feb. 2 and I). will also
include admission to the Santa
Clara - U.S.F. and si. Mary's-
U.S.F. games being played there
the same nights.
Rooters' tickets for the games in
San Francisco will be 25 cents
each, and for the Cal game, which
will be held Feb. !) at Berkeley,
10 cents. General admission tiek
cts arc 50 cen(s and $1.10. respec
(ivelv. for the Kczar and Berke
ley (ills. Students must show stu
dent body cards for rooters' tick
ets. may buy as many general ad
mission tickets as thev wish.
Tickets for (lie Sanla Clara, St.
Mary's and California basketball
games with (he Stanford varsity
go on sale (bis morning a( the
B.A.C. at 8:!»0 o'clock. Tickcts for
(he first two games, which will be
held in Ke/.ar Pavilion, San Fran
cisco, on Feb. 2 and I). will also
include admission to the Santa
Clara - U.S.F. and si. Mary's-
U.S.F. games being played there
the same nights.
Rooters' tickets for the games in
San Francisco will be 25 cents
each, and for the Cal game, which
will be held Feb. !) at Berkeley,
10 cents. General admission tiek
cts arc 50 cen(s and $1.10. respec
(ivelv. for the Kczar and Berke
ley (ills. Students must show stu
dent body cards for rooters' tick
ets. may buy as many general ad
mission tickets as thev wish.
Tickets for (lie Sanla Clara, St.
Mary's and California basketball
games with (he Stanford varsity
go on sale (bis morning a( the
B.A.C. at 8:!»0 o'clock. Tickcts for
(he first two games, which will be
held in Ke/.ar Pavilion, San Fran
cisco, on Feb. 2 and I). will also
include admission to the Santa
Clara - U.S.F. and si. Mary's-
U.S.F. games being played there
the same nights.
Rooters' tickets for the games in
San Francisco will be 25 cents
each, and for the Cal game, which
will be held Feb. !) at Berkeley,
10 cents. General admission tiek
cts arc 50 cen(s and $1.10. respec
(ivelv. for the Kczar and Berke
ley (ills. Students must show stu
dent body cards for rooters' tick
ets. may buy as many general ad
mission tickets as thev wish.
Tickets for (lie Sanla Clara, St.
Mary's and California basketball
games with (he Stanford varsity
go on sale (bis morning a( the
B.A.C. at 8:!»0 o'clock. Tickcts for
(he first two games, which will be
held in Ke/.ar Pavilion, San Fran
cisco, on Feb. 2 and I). will also
include admission to the Santa
Clara - U.S.F. and si. Mary's-
U.S.F. games being played there
the same nights.
Rooters' tickets for the games in
San Francisco will be 25 cents
each, and for the Cal game, which
will be held Feb. !) at Berkeley,
10 cents. General admission tiek
cts arc 50 cen(s and $1.10. respec
(ivelv. for the Kczar and Berke
ley (ills. Students must show stu
dent body cards for rooters' tick
ets. may buy as many general ad
mission tickets as thev wish.
Tickets for (lie Sanla Clara, St.
Mary's and California basketball
games with (he Stanford varsity
go on sale (bis morning a( the
B.A.C. at 8:!»0 o'clock. Tickcts for
(he first two games, which will be
held in Ke/.ar Pavilion, San Fran
cisco, on Feb. 2 and I). will also
include admission to the Santa
Clara - U.S.F. and si. Mary's-
U.S.F. games being played there
the same nights.
Rooters' tickets for the games in
San Francisco will be 25 cents
each, and for the Cal game, which
will be held Feb. !) at Berkeley,
10 cents. General admission tiek
cts arc 50 cen(s and $1.10. respec
(ivelv. for the Kczar and Berke
ley (ills. Students must show stu
dent body cards for rooters' tick
ets. may buy as many general ad
mission tickets as thev wish.
Tickets for (lie Sanla Clara, St.
Mary's and California basketball
games with (he Stanford varsity
go on sale (bis morning a( the
B.A.C. at 8:!»0 o'clock. Tickcts for
(he first two games, which will be
held in Ke/.ar Pavilion, San Fran
cisco, on Feb. 2 and I). will also
include admission to the Santa
Clara - U.S.F. and si. Mary's-
U.S.F. games being played there
the same nights.
Rooters' tickets for the games in
San Francisco will be 25 cents
each, and for the Cal game, which
will be held Feb. !) at Berkeley,
10 cents. General admission tiek
cts arc 50 cen(s and $1.10. respec
(ivelv. for the Kczar and Berke
ley (ills. Students must show stu
dent body cards for rooters' tick
ets. may buy as many general ad
mission tickets as thev wish.
Tickets for (lie Sanla Clara, St.
Mary's and California basketball
games with (he Stanford varsity
go on sale (bis morning a( the
B.A.C. at 8:!»0 o'clock. Tickcts for
(he first two games, which will be
held in Ke/.ar Pavilion, San Fran
cisco, on Feb. 2 and I). will also
include admission to the Santa
Clara - U.S.F. and si. Mary's-
U.S.F. games being played there
the same nights.
Rooters' tickets for the games in
San Francisco will be 25 cents
each, and for the Cal game, which
will be held Feb. !) at Berkeley,
10 cents. General admission tiek
cts arc 50 cen(s and $1.10. respec
(ivelv. for the Kczar and Berke
ley (ills. Students must show stu
dent body cards for rooters' tick
ets. may buy as many general ad
mission tickets as thev wish.
Tickets for (lie Sanla Clara, St.
Mary's and California basketball
games with (he Stanford varsity
go on sale (bis morning a( the
B.A.C. at 8:!»0 o'clock. Tickcts for
(he first two games, which will be
held in Ke/.ar Pavilion, San Fran
cisco, on Feb. 2 and I). will also
include admission to the Santa
Clara - U.S.F. and si. Mary's-
U.S.F. games being played there
the same nights.
Rooters' tickets for the games in
San Francisco will be 25 cents
each, and for the Cal game, which
will be held Feb. !) at Berkeley,
10 cents. General admission tiek
cts arc 50 cen(s and $1.10. respec
(ivelv. for the Kczar and Berke
ley (ills. Students must show stu
dent body cards for rooters' tick
ets. may buy as many general ad
mission tickets as thev wish.
Tickets for (lie Sanla Clara, St.
Mary's and California basketball
games with (he Stanford varsity
go on sale (bis morning a( the
B.A.C. at 8:!»0 o'clock. Tickcts for
(he first two games, which will be
held in Ke/.ar Pavilion, San Fran
cisco, on Feb. 2 and I). will also
include admission to the Santa
Clara - U.S.F. and si. Mary's-
U.S.F. games being played there
the same nights.
Rooters' tickets for the games in
San Francisco will be 25 cents
each, and for the Cal game, which
will be held Feb. !) at Berkeley,
10 cents. General admission tiek
cts arc 50 cen(s and $1.10. respec
(ivelv. for the Kczar and Berke
ley (ills. Students must show stu
dent body cards for rooters' tick
ets. may buy as many general ad
mission tickets as thev wish.
Tickets for (lie Sanla Clara, St.
Mary's and California basketball
games with (he Stanford varsity
go on sale (bis morning a( the
B.A.C. at 8:!»0 o'clock. Tickcts for
(he first two games, which will be
held in Ke/.ar Pavilion, San Fran
cisco, on Feb. 2 and I). will also
include admission to the Santa
Clara - U.S.F. and si. Mary's-
U.S.F. games being played there
the same nights.
Rooters' tickets for the games in
San Francisco will be 25 cents
each, and for the Cal game, which
will be held Feb. !) at Berkeley,
10 cents. General admission tiek
cts arc 50 cen(s and $1.10. respec
(ivelv. for the Kczar and Berke
ley (ills. Students must show stu
dent body cards for rooters' tick
ets. may buy as many general ad
mission tickets as thev wish.
Tickets for (lie Sanla Clara, St.
Mary's and California basketball
games with (he Stanford varsity
go on sale (bis morning a( the
B.A.C. at 8:!»0 o'clock. Tickcts for
(he first two games, which will be
held in Ke/.ar Pavilion, San Fran
cisco, on Feb. 2 and I). will also
include admission to the Santa
Clara - U.S.F. and si. Mary's-
U.S.F. games being played there
the same nights.
Rooters' tickets for the games in
San Francisco will be 25 cents
each, and for the Cal game, which
will be held Feb. !) at Berkeley,
10 cents. General admission tiek
cts arc 50 cen(s and $1.10. respec
(ivelv. for the Kczar and Berke
ley (ills. Students must show stu
dent body cards for rooters' tick
ets. may buy as many general ad
mission tickets as thev wish.
Tickets for (lie Sanla Clara, St.
Mary's and California basketball
games with (he Stanford varsity
go on sale (bis morning a( the
B.A.C. at 8:!»0 o'clock. Tickcts for
(he first two games, which will be
held in Ke/.ar Pavilion, San Fran
cisco, on Feb. 2 and I). will also
include admission to the Santa
Clara - U.S.F. and si. Mary's-
U.S.F. games being played there
the same nights.
Rooters' tickets for the games in
San Francisco will be 25 cents
each, and for the Cal game, which
will be held Feb. !) at Berkeley,
10 cents. General admission tiek
cts arc 50 cen(s and $1.10. respec
(ivelv. for the Kczar and Berke
ley (ills. Students must show stu
dent body cards for rooters' tick
ets. may buy as many general ad
mission tickets as thev wish.
Tickets for (lie Sanla Clara, St.
Mary's and California basketball
games with (he Stanford varsity
go on sale (bis morning a( the
B.A.C. at 8:!»0 o'clock. Tickcts for
(he first two games, which will be
held in Ke/.ar Pavilion, San Fran
cisco, on Feb. 2 and I). will also
include admission to the Santa
Clara - U.S.F. and si. Mary's-
U.S.F. games being played there
the same nights.
Rooters' tickets for the games in
San Francisco will be 25 cents
each, and for the Cal game, which
will be held Feb. !) at Berkeley,
10 cents. General admission tiek
cts arc 50 cen(s and $1.10. respec
(ivelv. for the Kczar and Berke
ley (ills. Students must show stu
dent body cards for rooters' tick
ets. may buy as many general ad
mission tickets as thev wish.
