# Greek Freighter Battered by Gale
## 
### 
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 29 (UP). I
—Damaged by storms and shifting I
cargoes during a hazardous, 34-day j
voyage from Union Bay, 8.C., the !
Greek freighter Christos Markettos j
docked here yesterday for repairs i
that may require a 10-day stopover. |
Captain Gerasimos Panas, in I
command of a crew of 30, said his I
ship was buffeted by 75-mile-an- |
hour winds. While the vessel floun- j
dered in heavy seas, her scrap iron i
cargo shifted in the holds, causing
extensive damage to the ship. The I
storm forced the Christos Markettos |
to change its direct course to Yoko- j
hama.
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 29 (UP). I
—Damaged by storms and shifting I
cargoes during a hazardous, 34-day j
voyage from Union Bay, 8.C., the !
Greek freighter Christos Markettos j
docked here yesterday for repairs i
that may require a 10-day stopover. |
Captain Gerasimos Panas, in I
command of a crew of 30, said his I
ship was buffeted by 75-mile-an- |
hour winds. While the vessel floun- j
dered in heavy seas, her scrap iron i
cargo shifted in the holds, causing
extensive damage to the ship. The I
storm forced the Christos Markettos |
to change its direct course to Yoko- j
hama.
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 29 (UP). I
—Damaged by storms and shifting I
cargoes during a hazardous, 34-day j
voyage from Union Bay, 8.C., the !
Greek freighter Christos Markettos j
docked here yesterday for repairs i
that may require a 10-day stopover. |
Captain Gerasimos Panas, in I
command of a crew of 30, said his I
ship was buffeted by 75-mile-an- |
hour winds. While the vessel floun- j
dered in heavy seas, her scrap iron i
cargo shifted in the holds, causing
extensive damage to the ship. The I
storm forced the Christos Markettos |
to change its direct course to Yoko- j
hama.
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 29 (UP). I
—Damaged by storms and shifting I
cargoes during a hazardous, 34-day j
voyage from Union Bay, 8.C., the !
Greek freighter Christos Markettos j
docked here yesterday for repairs i
that may require a 10-day stopover. |
Captain Gerasimos Panas, in I
command of a crew of 30, said his I
ship was buffeted by 75-mile-an- |
hour winds. While the vessel floun- j
dered in heavy seas, her scrap iron i
cargo shifted in the holds, causing
extensive damage to the ship. The I
storm forced the Christos Markettos |
to change its direct course to Yoko- j
hama.
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 29 (UP). I
—Damaged by storms and shifting I
cargoes during a hazardous, 34-day j
voyage from Union Bay, 8.C., the !
Greek freighter Christos Markettos j
docked here yesterday for repairs i
that may require a 10-day stopover. |
Captain Gerasimos Panas, in I
command of a crew of 30, said his I
ship was buffeted by 75-mile-an- |
hour winds. While the vessel floun- j
dered in heavy seas, her scrap iron i
cargo shifted in the holds, causing
extensive damage to the ship. The I
storm forced the Christos Markettos |
to change its direct course to Yoko- j
hama.
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 29 (UP). I
—Damaged by storms and shifting I
cargoes during a hazardous, 34-day j
voyage from Union Bay, 8.C., the !
Greek freighter Christos Markettos j
docked here yesterday for repairs i
that may require a 10-day stopover. |
Captain Gerasimos Panas, in I
command of a crew of 30, said his I
ship was buffeted by 75-mile-an- |
hour winds. While the vessel floun- j
dered in heavy seas, her scrap iron i
cargo shifted in the holds, causing
extensive damage to the ship. The I
storm forced the Christos Markettos |
to change its direct course to Yoko- j
hama.
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 29 (UP). I
—Damaged by storms and shifting I
cargoes during a hazardous, 34-day j
voyage from Union Bay, 8.C., the !
Greek freighter Christos Markettos j
docked here yesterday for repairs i
that may require a 10-day stopover. |
Captain Gerasimos Panas, in I
command of a crew of 30, said his I
ship was buffeted by 75-mile-an- |
hour winds. While the vessel floun- j
dered in heavy seas, her scrap iron i
cargo shifted in the holds, causing
extensive damage to the ship. The I
storm forced the Christos Markettos |
to change its direct course to Yoko- j
hama.
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 29 (UP). I
—Damaged by storms and shifting I
cargoes during a hazardous, 34-day j
voyage from Union Bay, 8.C., the !
Greek freighter Christos Markettos j
docked here yesterday for repairs i
that may require a 10-day stopover. |
Captain Gerasimos Panas, in I
command of a crew of 30, said his I
ship was buffeted by 75-mile-an- |
hour winds. While the vessel floun- j
dered in heavy seas, her scrap iron i
cargo shifted in the holds, causing
extensive damage to the ship. The I
storm forced the Christos Markettos |
to change its direct course to Yoko- j
hama.
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 29 (UP). I
—Damaged by storms and shifting I
cargoes during a hazardous, 34-day j
voyage from Union Bay, 8.C., the !
Greek freighter Christos Markettos j
docked here yesterday for repairs i
that may require a 10-day stopover. |
Captain Gerasimos Panas, in I
command of a crew of 30, said his I
ship was buffeted by 75-mile-an- |
hour winds. While the vessel floun- j
dered in heavy seas, her scrap iron i
cargo shifted in the holds, causing
extensive damage to the ship. The I
storm forced the Christos Markettos |
to change its direct course to Yoko- j
hama.
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 29 (UP). I
—Damaged by storms and shifting I
cargoes during a hazardous, 34-day j
voyage from Union Bay, 8.C., the !
Greek freighter Christos Markettos j
docked here yesterday for repairs i
that may require a 10-day stopover. |
Captain Gerasimos Panas, in I
command of a crew of 30, said his I
ship was buffeted by 75-mile-an- |
hour winds. While the vessel floun- j
dered in heavy seas, her scrap iron i
cargo shifted in the holds, causing
extensive damage to the ship. The I
storm forced the Christos Markettos |
to change its direct course to Yoko- j
hama.
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 29 (UP). I
—Damaged by storms and shifting I
cargoes during a hazardous, 34-day j
voyage from Union Bay, 8.C., the !
Greek freighter Christos Markettos j
docked here yesterday for repairs i
that may require a 10-day stopover. |
Captain Gerasimos Panas, in I
command of a crew of 30, said his I
ship was buffeted by 75-mile-an- |
hour winds. While the vessel floun- j
dered in heavy seas, her scrap iron i
cargo shifted in the holds, causing
extensive damage to the ship. The I
storm forced the Christos Markettos |
to change its direct course to Yoko- j
hama.
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 29 (UP). I
—Damaged by storms and shifting I
cargoes during a hazardous, 34-day j
voyage from Union Bay, 8.C., the !
Greek freighter Christos Markettos j
docked here yesterday for repairs i
that may require a 10-day stopover. |
Captain Gerasimos Panas, in I
command of a crew of 30, said his I
ship was buffeted by 75-mile-an- |
hour winds. While the vessel floun- j
dered in heavy seas, her scrap iron i
cargo shifted in the holds, causing
extensive damage to the ship. The I
storm forced the Christos Markettos |
to change its direct course to Yoko- j
hama.
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 29 (UP). I
—Damaged by storms and shifting I
cargoes during a hazardous, 34-day j
voyage from Union Bay, 8.C., the !
Greek freighter Christos Markettos j
docked here yesterday for repairs i
that may require a 10-day stopover. |
Captain Gerasimos Panas, in I
command of a crew of 30, said his I
ship was buffeted by 75-mile-an- |
hour winds. While the vessel floun- j
dered in heavy seas, her scrap iron i
cargo shifted in the holds, causing
extensive damage to the ship. The I
storm forced the Christos Markettos |
to change its direct course to Yoko- j
hama.
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 29 (UP). I
—Damaged by storms and shifting I
cargoes during a hazardous, 34-day j
voyage from Union Bay, 8.C., the !
Greek freighter Christos Markettos j
docked here yesterday for repairs i
that may require a 10-day stopover. |
Captain Gerasimos Panas, in I
command of a crew of 30, said his I
ship was buffeted by 75-mile-an- |
hour winds. While the vessel floun- j
dered in heavy seas, her scrap iron i
cargo shifted in the holds, causing
extensive damage to the ship. The I
storm forced the Christos Markettos |
to change its direct course to Yoko- j
hama.
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 29 (UP). I
—Damaged by storms and shifting I
cargoes during a hazardous, 34-day j
voyage from Union Bay, 8.C., the !
Greek freighter Christos Markettos j
docked here yesterday for repairs i
that may require a 10-day stopover. |
Captain Gerasimos Panas, in I
command of a crew of 30, said his I
ship was buffeted by 75-mile-an- |
hour winds. While the vessel floun- j
dered in heavy seas, her scrap iron i
cargo shifted in the holds, causing
extensive damage to the ship. The I
storm forced the Christos Markettos |
to change its direct course to Yoko- j
hama.
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 29 (UP). I
—Damaged by storms and shifting I
cargoes during a hazardous, 34-day j
voyage from Union Bay, 8.C., the !
Greek freighter Christos Markettos j
docked here yesterday for repairs i
that may require a 10-day stopover. |
Captain Gerasimos Panas, in I
command of a crew of 30, said his I
ship was buffeted by 75-mile-an- |
hour winds. While the vessel floun- j
dered in heavy seas, her scrap iron i
cargo shifted in the holds, causing
extensive damage to the ship. The I
storm forced the Christos Markettos |
to change its direct course to Yoko- j
hama.
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 29 (UP). I
—Damaged by storms and shifting I
cargoes during a hazardous, 34-day j
voyage from Union Bay, 8.C., the !
Greek freighter Christos Markettos j
docked here yesterday for repairs i
that may require a 10-day stopover. |
Captain Gerasimos Panas, in I
command of a crew of 30, said his I
ship was buffeted by 75-mile-an- |
hour winds. While the vessel floun- j
dered in heavy seas, her scrap iron i
cargo shifted in the holds, causing
extensive damage to the ship. The I
storm forced the Christos Markettos |
to change its direct course to Yoko- j
hama.
