# COLD HALTS MIGHTY FALLS
## 
### 

THE COLD WAVE that lias swept the nation almost stilled (lie waters flowing over Niagara Falls, as shown
by (his scene taken from Goat Island. Formation of huge ice bridge over American falls by intense cold
necessitated the use of dynamite to supply water for the nearby power plants.

THE COLD WAVE that lias swept the nation almost stilled (lie waters flowing over Niagara Falls, as shown
by (his scene taken from Goat Island. Formation of huge ice bridge over American falls by intense cold
necessitated the use of dynamite to supply water for the nearby power plants.

THE COLD WAVE that lias swept the nation almost stilled (lie waters flowing over Niagara Falls, as shown
by (his scene taken from Goat Island. Formation of huge ice bridge over American falls by intense cold
necessitated the use of dynamite to supply water for the nearby power plants.

THE COLD WAVE that lias swept the nation almost stilled (lie waters flowing over Niagara Falls, as shown
by (his scene taken from Goat Island. Formation of huge ice bridge over American falls by intense cold
necessitated the use of dynamite to supply water for the nearby power plants.

THE COLD WAVE that lias swept the nation almost stilled (lie waters flowing over Niagara Falls, as shown
by (his scene taken from Goat Island. Formation of huge ice bridge over American falls by intense cold
necessitated the use of dynamite to supply water for the nearby power plants.

THE COLD WAVE that lias swept the nation almost stilled (lie waters flowing over Niagara Falls, as shown
by (his scene taken from Goat Island. Formation of huge ice bridge over American falls by intense cold
necessitated the use of dynamite to supply water for the nearby power plants.

THE COLD WAVE that lias swept the nation almost stilled (lie waters flowing over Niagara Falls, as shown
by (his scene taken from Goat Island. Formation of huge ice bridge over American falls by intense cold
necessitated the use of dynamite to supply water for the nearby power plants.

THE COLD WAVE that lias swept the nation almost stilled (lie waters flowing over Niagara Falls, as shown
by (his scene taken from Goat Island. Formation of huge ice bridge over American falls by intense cold
necessitated the use of dynamite to supply water for the nearby power plants.

THE COLD WAVE that lias swept the nation almost stilled (lie waters flowing over Niagara Falls, as shown
by (his scene taken from Goat Island. Formation of huge ice bridge over American falls by intense cold
necessitated the use of dynamite to supply water for the nearby power plants.

THE COLD WAVE that lias swept the nation almost stilled (lie waters flowing over Niagara Falls, as shown
by (his scene taken from Goat Island. Formation of huge ice bridge over American falls by intense cold
necessitated the use of dynamite to supply water for the nearby power plants.

THE COLD WAVE that lias swept the nation almost stilled (lie waters flowing over Niagara Falls, as shown
by (his scene taken from Goat Island. Formation of huge ice bridge over American falls by intense cold
necessitated the use of dynamite to supply water for the nearby power plants.

THE COLD WAVE that lias swept the nation almost stilled (lie waters flowing over Niagara Falls, as shown
by (his scene taken from Goat Island. Formation of huge ice bridge over American falls by intense cold
necessitated the use of dynamite to supply water for the nearby power plants.

THE COLD WAVE that lias swept the nation almost stilled (lie waters flowing over Niagara Falls, as shown
by (his scene taken from Goat Island. Formation of huge ice bridge over American falls by intense cold
necessitated the use of dynamite to supply water for the nearby power plants.

THE COLD WAVE that lias swept the nation almost stilled (lie waters flowing over Niagara Falls, as shown
by (his scene taken from Goat Island. Formation of huge ice bridge over American falls by intense cold
necessitated the use of dynamite to supply water for the nearby power plants.

THE COLD WAVE that lias swept the nation almost stilled (lie waters flowing over Niagara Falls, as shown
by (his scene taken from Goat Island. Formation of huge ice bridge over American falls by intense cold
necessitated the use of dynamite to supply water for the nearby power plants.

THE COLD WAVE that lias swept the nation almost stilled (lie waters flowing over Niagara Falls, as shown
by (his scene taken from Goat Island. Formation of huge ice bridge over American falls by intense cold
necessitated the use of dynamite to supply water for the nearby power plants.

THE COLD WAVE that lias swept the nation almost stilled (lie waters flowing over Niagara Falls, as shown
by (his scene taken from Goat Island. Formation of huge ice bridge over American falls by intense cold
necessitated the use of dynamite to supply water for the nearby power plants.
