# HONOR CODE
## Joint Council Convicts Men For Cheating 
### 
Council for Student Control has
sentenced to one- and two-quarter
suspension from the University two
students found guilty of violating the
Honor Code.
The recommendation of winter
quarter and of spring and summer
quarter suspension respectively for
the two men came in a joint meeting
of Men's and Women's Councils
Wednesday night. The men had pre
viously been found guilty of an Hon
or Code violation, and appealed the
penalties assigned.
At the same time Council acquitted,
upon hearing additional testimony, a
third student who had originally been
convicted in the same case.
All three men and two others ac
quitted at a previous hearing, were
charged with cheating on a Polit
ical Science mid-quarter exam. Sev
eral members of the class testified
that the individuals, who were sit
ting close together, appeared to be
copying from one another.
Testimony
On the basis of testimony by wit
nesses and defendants, comparison of
test papers Council decided that two
of the men were guilty beyond doubt
while holding that the specific evi
dence against the other three was
not conclusive.
The principal reason for the three
acquittals lay in the fact that the
students' tests failed to bear out the
implications of their suspicious be
havior. Donn Wells, Honor Code
Stanford Committee chairman, em
phasized that "the student's overt be
havior is of primary importance to
the functioning of the Honor Code."
"Every student is under obligation
not only to maintain honor in the
taking of examinations, but to con
duct himself in such a way as will
not create suspicion of dishonesty,"
Wells laid. To that end he urged
students to take alternate scats wher
ever possible, even without insis
tence by the instructor, and to re
frain from glancing over other pa
pers.
"Council necessarily considers sus
picious behavior as incriminating evi
dence which must be weighed along
with other available information in
trying a student charged with violat
ing the Honor Code," Wells con
cluded.
Present at the joint meeting of
Councils Wednesday were: Men's
Council — Kim Fletcher, chairman;
Jack Barnes, Dick Kilner, Gay Bryan,
and Stan Bohne; Women's Council —
Doris Cooper, chairman; Joan Max
well, Fran Wakeman, Eloise Beil, and
Marilyn Lewis; Honor Code Standing
Committee—Donn Wells, chairman.
