# Little Man on Campus
## 
### Bibler 

"If you can't answer a student's question again, just try to look
intelligent and ask him to look it up tor himself and make a report
cn it."

"If you can't answer a student's question again, just try to look
intelligent and ask him to look it up tor himself and make a report
cn it."

"If you can't answer a student's question again, just try to look
intelligent and ask him to look it up tor himself and make a report
cn it."

"If you can't answer a student's question again, just try to look
intelligent and ask him to look it up tor himself and make a report
cn it."

"If you can't answer a student's question again, just try to look
intelligent and ask him to look it up tor himself and make a report
cn it."

"If you can't answer a student's question again, just try to look
intelligent and ask him to look it up tor himself and make a report
cn it."

"If you can't answer a student's question again, just try to look
intelligent and ask him to look it up tor himself and make a report
cn it."

"If you can't answer a student's question again, just try to look
intelligent and ask him to look it up tor himself and make a report
cn it."

"If you can't answer a student's question again, just try to look
intelligent and ask him to look it up tor himself and make a report
cn it."

"If you can't answer a student's question again, just try to look
intelligent and ask him to look it up tor himself and make a report
cn it."

"If you can't answer a student's question again, just try to look
intelligent and ask him to look it up tor himself and make a report
cn it."

"If you can't answer a student's question again, just try to look
intelligent and ask him to look it up tor himself and make a report
cn it."

"If you can't answer a student's question again, just try to look
intelligent and ask him to look it up tor himself and make a report
cn it."

"If you can't answer a student's question again, just try to look
intelligent and ask him to look it up tor himself and make a report
cn it."

"If you can't answer a student's question again, just try to look
intelligent and ask him to look it up tor himself and make a report
cn it."

"If you can't answer a student's question again, just try to look
intelligent and ask him to look it up tor himself and make a report
cn it."
