# Bridge Tourney Open to Students
## 
### 
A duplicate bridge tournament
sponsored by the Stanford Bridge
Club will begin a monthly master
point series at 7:30 tonight in the
Women's Clubhouse lounge.
Fourteen tables are available and
partners may be obtained through
the club by phoning Bob Currie, DA
2-0937.
The series will be held every
Tuesday evening for the quarter. A
fee of 50 cents per person will be
charged.
A duplicate bridge tournament
sponsored by the Stanford Bridge
Club will begin a monthly master
point series at 7:30 tonight in the
Women's Clubhouse lounge.
Fourteen tables are available and
partners may be obtained through
the club by phoning Bob Currie, DA
2-0937.
The series will be held every
Tuesday evening for the quarter. A
fee of 50 cents per person will be
charged.
A duplicate bridge tournament
sponsored by the Stanford Bridge
Club will begin a monthly master
point series at 7:30 tonight in the
Women's Clubhouse lounge.
Fourteen tables are available and
partners may be obtained through
the club by phoning Bob Currie, DA
2-0937.
The series will be held every
Tuesday evening for the quarter. A
fee of 50 cents per person will be
charged.
A duplicate bridge tournament
sponsored by the Stanford Bridge
Club will begin a monthly master
point series at 7:30 tonight in the
Women's Clubhouse lounge.
Fourteen tables are available and
partners may be obtained through
the club by phoning Bob Currie, DA
2-0937.
The series will be held every
Tuesday evening for the quarter. A
fee of 50 cents per person will be
charged.
A duplicate bridge tournament
sponsored by the Stanford Bridge
Club will begin a monthly master
point series at 7:30 tonight in the
Women's Clubhouse lounge.
Fourteen tables are available and
partners may be obtained through
the club by phoning Bob Currie, DA
2-0937.
The series will be held every
Tuesday evening for the quarter. A
fee of 50 cents per person will be
charged.
A duplicate bridge tournament
sponsored by the Stanford Bridge
Club will begin a monthly master
point series at 7:30 tonight in the
Women's Clubhouse lounge.
Fourteen tables are available and
partners may be obtained through
the club by phoning Bob Currie, DA
2-0937.
The series will be held every
Tuesday evening for the quarter. A
fee of 50 cents per person will be
charged.
A duplicate bridge tournament
sponsored by the Stanford Bridge
Club will begin a monthly master
point series at 7:30 tonight in the
Women's Clubhouse lounge.
Fourteen tables are available and
partners may be obtained through
the club by phoning Bob Currie, DA
2-0937.
The series will be held every
Tuesday evening for the quarter. A
fee of 50 cents per person will be
charged.
A duplicate bridge tournament
sponsored by the Stanford Bridge
Club will begin a monthly master
point series at 7:30 tonight in the
Women's Clubhouse lounge.
Fourteen tables are available and
partners may be obtained through
the club by phoning Bob Currie, DA
2-0937.
The series will be held every
Tuesday evening for the quarter. A
fee of 50 cents per person will be
charged.
A duplicate bridge tournament
sponsored by the Stanford Bridge
Club will begin a monthly master
point series at 7:30 tonight in the
Women's Clubhouse lounge.
Fourteen tables are available and
partners may be obtained through
the club by phoning Bob Currie, DA
2-0937.
The series will be held every
Tuesday evening for the quarter. A
fee of 50 cents per person will be
charged.
A duplicate bridge tournament
sponsored by the Stanford Bridge
Club will begin a monthly master
point series at 7:30 tonight in the
Women's Clubhouse lounge.
Fourteen tables are available and
partners may be obtained through
the club by phoning Bob Currie, DA
2-0937.
The series will be held every
Tuesday evening for the quarter. A
fee of 50 cents per person will be
charged.
A duplicate bridge tournament
sponsored by the Stanford Bridge
Club will begin a monthly master
point series at 7:30 tonight in the
Women's Clubhouse lounge.
Fourteen tables are available and
partners may be obtained through
the club by phoning Bob Currie, DA
2-0937.
The series will be held every
Tuesday evening for the quarter. A
fee of 50 cents per person will be
charged.
A duplicate bridge tournament
sponsored by the Stanford Bridge
Club will begin a monthly master
point series at 7:30 tonight in the
Women's Clubhouse lounge.
Fourteen tables are available and
partners may be obtained through
the club by phoning Bob Currie, DA
2-0937.
The series will be held every
Tuesday evening for the quarter. A
fee of 50 cents per person will be
charged.
A duplicate bridge tournament
sponsored by the Stanford Bridge
Club will begin a monthly master
point series at 7:30 tonight in the
Women's Clubhouse lounge.
Fourteen tables are available and
partners may be obtained through
the club by phoning Bob Currie, DA
2-0937.
The series will be held every
Tuesday evening for the quarter. A
fee of 50 cents per person will be
charged.
A duplicate bridge tournament
sponsored by the Stanford Bridge
Club will begin a monthly master
point series at 7:30 tonight in the
Women's Clubhouse lounge.
Fourteen tables are available and
partners may be obtained through
the club by phoning Bob Currie, DA
2-0937.
The series will be held every
Tuesday evening for the quarter. A
fee of 50 cents per person will be
charged.
A duplicate bridge tournament
sponsored by the Stanford Bridge
Club will begin a monthly master
point series at 7:30 tonight in the
Women's Clubhouse lounge.
Fourteen tables are available and
partners may be obtained through
the club by phoning Bob Currie, DA
2-0937.
The series will be held every
Tuesday evening for the quarter. A
fee of 50 cents per person will be
charged.
A duplicate bridge tournament
sponsored by the Stanford Bridge
Club will begin a monthly master
point series at 7:30 tonight in the
Women's Clubhouse lounge.
Fourteen tables are available and
partners may be obtained through
the club by phoning Bob Currie, DA
2-0937.
The series will be held every
Tuesday evening for the quarter. A
fee of 50 cents per person will be
charged.
