# Officer Training
## 
### 
Three naval officers will interview
interested seniors tomorrow regard
ing application for direct commis
sions in the U.S. Navy. Interviews
will be held in room 212 A.

The program is open only to grad
uates and those senior male stu
dents who are within 120 days of
Three naval officers will interview
interested seniors tomorrow regard
ing application for direct commis
sions in the U.S. Navy. Interviews
will be held in room 212 A.

The program is open only to grad
uates and those senior male stu
dents who are within 120 days of
Three naval officers will interview
interested seniors tomorrow regard
ing application for direct commis
sions in the U.S. Navy. Interviews
will be held in room 212 A.

The program is open only to grad
uates and those senior male stu
dents who are within 120 days of
Three naval officers will interview
interested seniors tomorrow regard
ing application for direct commis
sions in the U.S. Navy. Interviews
will be held in room 212 A.

The program is open only to grad
uates and those senior male stu
dents who are within 120 days of
Three naval officers will interview
interested seniors tomorrow regard
ing application for direct commis
sions in the U.S. Navy. Interviews
will be held in room 212 A.

The program is open only to grad
uates and those senior male stu
dents who are within 120 days of
Three naval officers will interview
interested seniors tomorrow regard
ing application for direct commis
sions in the U.S. Navy. Interviews
will be held in room 212 A.

The program is open only to grad
uates and those senior male stu
dents who are within 120 days of
Three naval officers will interview
interested seniors tomorrow regard
ing application for direct commis
sions in the U.S. Navy. Interviews
will be held in room 212 A.

The program is open only to grad
uates and those senior male stu
dents who are within 120 days of
Three naval officers will interview
interested seniors tomorrow regard
ing application for direct commis
sions in the U.S. Navy. Interviews
will be held in room 212 A.

The program is open only to grad
uates and those senior male stu
dents who are within 120 days of
Three naval officers will interview
interested seniors tomorrow regard
ing application for direct commis
sions in the U.S. Navy. Interviews
will be held in room 212 A.

The program is open only to grad
uates and those senior male stu
dents who are within 120 days of
Three naval officers will interview
interested seniors tomorrow regard
ing application for direct commis
sions in the U.S. Navy. Interviews
will be held in room 212 A.

The program is open only to grad
uates and those senior male stu
dents who are within 120 days of
Three naval officers will interview
interested seniors tomorrow regard
ing application for direct commis
sions in the U.S. Navy. Interviews
will be held in room 212 A.

The program is open only to grad
uates and those senior male stu
dents who are within 120 days of
Three naval officers will interview
interested seniors tomorrow regard
ing application for direct commis
sions in the U.S. Navy. Interviews
will be held in room 212 A.

The program is open only to grad
uates and those senior male stu
dents who are within 120 days of
Three naval officers will interview
interested seniors tomorrow regard
ing application for direct commis
sions in the U.S. Navy. Interviews
will be held in room 212 A.

The program is open only to grad
uates and those senior male stu
dents who are within 120 days of
Three naval officers will interview
interested seniors tomorrow regard
ing application for direct commis
sions in the U.S. Navy. Interviews
will be held in room 212 A.

The program is open only to grad
uates and those senior male stu
dents who are within 120 days of
Three naval officers will interview
interested seniors tomorrow regard
ing application for direct commis
sions in the U.S. Navy. Interviews
will be held in room 212 A.

The program is open only to grad
uates and those senior male stu
dents who are within 120 days of
Three naval officers will interview
interested seniors tomorrow regard
ing application for direct commis
sions in the U.S. Navy. Interviews
will be held in room 212 A.

The program is open only to grad
uates and those senior male stu
dents who are within 120 days of
