# Cards Take Air Meet
## 
### 
The National Intercollegiate Air
Meet trophy, won by Stanford
University and Kenyon (Ohio)
College jointly, at the two-day
contest last month in Akron, was
presented to Richard H. Williams,
president of the Stanford Flying
Club, by President H. E. Simmons
of Akron University. The cup,
bearing the names of both schools,
will be held by Stanford until
next year's meet at Washington,
when Kenyon will take posses
sion.
Williams, who with John Park
and Warren Doswell represented
Stanford, captured first place in
the bomb-dropping and spot-land
ing events to put his team in the
lead until Kenyon, winning the
paper strafing contest, tied the
score at 14 points for each school.
The National Intercollegiate Air
Meet trophy, won by Stanford
University and Kenyon (Ohio)
College jointly, at the two-day
contest last month in Akron, was
presented to Richard H. Williams,
president of the Stanford Flying
Club, by President H. E. Simmons
of Akron University. The cup,
bearing the names of both schools,
will be held by Stanford until
next year's meet at Washington,
when Kenyon will take posses
sion.
Williams, who with John Park
and Warren Doswell represented
Stanford, captured first place in
the bomb-dropping and spot-land
ing events to put his team in the
lead until Kenyon, winning the
paper strafing contest, tied the
score at 14 points for each school.
The National Intercollegiate Air
Meet trophy, won by Stanford
University and Kenyon (Ohio)
College jointly, at the two-day
contest last month in Akron, was
presented to Richard H. Williams,
president of the Stanford Flying
Club, by President H. E. Simmons
of Akron University. The cup,
bearing the names of both schools,
will be held by Stanford until
next year's meet at Washington,
when Kenyon will take posses
sion.
Williams, who with John Park
and Warren Doswell represented
Stanford, captured first place in
the bomb-dropping and spot-land
ing events to put his team in the
lead until Kenyon, winning the
paper strafing contest, tied the
score at 14 points for each school.
The National Intercollegiate Air
Meet trophy, won by Stanford
University and Kenyon (Ohio)
College jointly, at the two-day
contest last month in Akron, was
presented to Richard H. Williams,
president of the Stanford Flying
Club, by President H. E. Simmons
of Akron University. The cup,
bearing the names of both schools,
will be held by Stanford until
next year's meet at Washington,
when Kenyon will take posses
sion.
Williams, who with John Park
and Warren Doswell represented
Stanford, captured first place in
the bomb-dropping and spot-land
ing events to put his team in the
lead until Kenyon, winning the
paper strafing contest, tied the
score at 14 points for each school.
The National Intercollegiate Air
Meet trophy, won by Stanford
University and Kenyon (Ohio)
College jointly, at the two-day
contest last month in Akron, was
presented to Richard H. Williams,
president of the Stanford Flying
Club, by President H. E. Simmons
of Akron University. The cup,
bearing the names of both schools,
will be held by Stanford until
next year's meet at Washington,
when Kenyon will take posses
sion.
Williams, who with John Park
and Warren Doswell represented
Stanford, captured first place in
the bomb-dropping and spot-land
ing events to put his team in the
lead until Kenyon, winning the
paper strafing contest, tied the
score at 14 points for each school.
The National Intercollegiate Air
Meet trophy, won by Stanford
University and Kenyon (Ohio)
College jointly, at the two-day
contest last month in Akron, was
presented to Richard H. Williams,
president of the Stanford Flying
Club, by President H. E. Simmons
of Akron University. The cup,
bearing the names of both schools,
will be held by Stanford until
next year's meet at Washington,
when Kenyon will take posses
sion.
Williams, who with John Park
and Warren Doswell represented
Stanford, captured first place in
the bomb-dropping and spot-land
ing events to put his team in the
lead until Kenyon, winning the
paper strafing contest, tied the
score at 14 points for each school.
The National Intercollegiate Air
Meet trophy, won by Stanford
University and Kenyon (Ohio)
College jointly, at the two-day
contest last month in Akron, was
presented to Richard H. Williams,
president of the Stanford Flying
Club, by President H. E. Simmons
of Akron University. The cup,
bearing the names of both schools,
will be held by Stanford until
next year's meet at Washington,
when Kenyon will take posses
sion.
Williams, who with John Park
and Warren Doswell represented
Stanford, captured first place in
the bomb-dropping and spot-land
ing events to put his team in the
lead until Kenyon, winning the
paper strafing contest, tied the
score at 14 points for each school.
The National Intercollegiate Air
Meet trophy, won by Stanford
University and Kenyon (Ohio)
College jointly, at the two-day
contest last month in Akron, was
presented to Richard H. Williams,
president of the Stanford Flying
Club, by President H. E. Simmons
of Akron University. The cup,
bearing the names of both schools,
will be held by Stanford until
next year's meet at Washington,
when Kenyon will take posses
sion.
Williams, who with John Park
and Warren Doswell represented
Stanford, captured first place in
the bomb-dropping and spot-land
ing events to put his team in the
lead until Kenyon, winning the
paper strafing contest, tied the
score at 14 points for each school.
The National Intercollegiate Air
Meet trophy, won by Stanford
University and Kenyon (Ohio)
College jointly, at the two-day
contest last month in Akron, was
presented to Richard H. Williams,
president of the Stanford Flying
Club, by President H. E. Simmons
of Akron University. The cup,
bearing the names of both schools,
will be held by Stanford until
next year's meet at Washington,
when Kenyon will take posses
sion.
Williams, who with John Park
and Warren Doswell represented
Stanford, captured first place in
the bomb-dropping and spot-land
ing events to put his team in the
lead until Kenyon, winning the
paper strafing contest, tied the
score at 14 points for each school.
The National Intercollegiate Air
Meet trophy, won by Stanford
University and Kenyon (Ohio)
College jointly, at the two-day
contest last month in Akron, was
presented to Richard H. Williams,
president of the Stanford Flying
Club, by President H. E. Simmons
of Akron University. The cup,
bearing the names of both schools,
will be held by Stanford until
next year's meet at Washington,
when Kenyon will take posses
sion.
Williams, who with John Park
and Warren Doswell represented
Stanford, captured first place in
the bomb-dropping and spot-land
ing events to put his team in the
lead until Kenyon, winning the
paper strafing contest, tied the
score at 14 points for each school.
The National Intercollegiate Air
Meet trophy, won by Stanford
University and Kenyon (Ohio)
College jointly, at the two-day
contest last month in Akron, was
presented to Richard H. Williams,
president of the Stanford Flying
Club, by President H. E. Simmons
of Akron University. The cup,
bearing the names of both schools,
will be held by Stanford until
next year's meet at Washington,
when Kenyon will take posses
sion.
Williams, who with John Park
and Warren Doswell represented
Stanford, captured first place in
the bomb-dropping and spot-land
ing events to put his team in the
lead until Kenyon, winning the
paper strafing contest, tied the
score at 14 points for each school.
The National Intercollegiate Air
Meet trophy, won by Stanford
University and Kenyon (Ohio)
College jointly, at the two-day
contest last month in Akron, was
presented to Richard H. Williams,
president of the Stanford Flying
Club, by President H. E. Simmons
of Akron University. The cup,
bearing the names of both schools,
will be held by Stanford until
next year's meet at Washington,
when Kenyon will take posses
sion.
Williams, who with John Park
and Warren Doswell represented
Stanford, captured first place in
the bomb-dropping and spot-land
ing events to put his team in the
lead until Kenyon, winning the
paper strafing contest, tied the
score at 14 points for each school.
The National Intercollegiate Air
Meet trophy, won by Stanford
University and Kenyon (Ohio)
College jointly, at the two-day
contest last month in Akron, was
presented to Richard H. Williams,
president of the Stanford Flying
Club, by President H. E. Simmons
of Akron University. The cup,
bearing the names of both schools,
will be held by Stanford until
next year's meet at Washington,
when Kenyon will take posses
sion.
Williams, who with John Park
and Warren Doswell represented
Stanford, captured first place in
the bomb-dropping and spot-land
ing events to put his team in the
lead until Kenyon, winning the
paper strafing contest, tied the
score at 14 points for each school.
The National Intercollegiate Air
Meet trophy, won by Stanford
University and Kenyon (Ohio)
College jointly, at the two-day
contest last month in Akron, was
presented to Richard H. Williams,
president of the Stanford Flying
Club, by President H. E. Simmons
of Akron University. The cup,
bearing the names of both schools,
will be held by Stanford until
next year's meet at Washington,
when Kenyon will take posses
sion.
Williams, who with John Park
and Warren Doswell represented
Stanford, captured first place in
the bomb-dropping and spot-land
ing events to put his team in the
lead until Kenyon, winning the
paper strafing contest, tied the
score at 14 points for each school.
The National Intercollegiate Air
Meet trophy, won by Stanford
University and Kenyon (Ohio)
College jointly, at the two-day
contest last month in Akron, was
presented to Richard H. Williams,
president of the Stanford Flying
Club, by President H. E. Simmons
of Akron University. The cup,
bearing the names of both schools,
will be held by Stanford until
next year's meet at Washington,
when Kenyon will take posses
sion.
Williams, who with John Park
and Warren Doswell represented
Stanford, captured first place in
the bomb-dropping and spot-land
ing events to put his team in the
lead until Kenyon, winning the
paper strafing contest, tied the
score at 14 points for each school.
