# To Play Monday
## 
### 
The Roth Quartet will give the
final concert of Series A next
Monday evening. The quartet will
be assisted by Ernst Toch, com
poser-pianist; Frank Fragale,
clarinetist; Romaine Verney, vio
list; and Stephen Deak, 'cellist.
The program will be presented in
the auditorium of the Memorial
Hall under the sponsorship of The
Friends of Music.
On Tuesday evening the quar
tet and Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist, will give a Mozart
program in the Memorial Church
under the auspices of Dr. John A.
Sellards, director of Summer

Quarter. The public is invited to
the Memorial Church concert.
Single admisisons are $1.25, and
for the last program of Series A
may be obtained at the Vestry,
Memorial Church, Keeble's, Palo
Alto, and at the door. Complimen
tary tickets for students and fac
ulty are obtainable at the Sum
mer Quarter Office, Room 173, Ad
ministration Building.
The Roth Quartet will give the
final concert of Series A next
Monday evening. The quartet will
be assisted by Ernst Toch, com
poser-pianist; Frank Fragale,
clarinetist; Romaine Verney, vio
list; and Stephen Deak, 'cellist.
The program will be presented in
the auditorium of the Memorial
Hall under the sponsorship of The
Friends of Music.
On Tuesday evening the quar
tet and Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist, will give a Mozart
program in the Memorial Church
under the auspices of Dr. John A.
Sellards, director of Summer

Quarter. The public is invited to
the Memorial Church concert.
Single admisisons are $1.25, and
for the last program of Series A
may be obtained at the Vestry,
Memorial Church, Keeble's, Palo
Alto, and at the door. Complimen
tary tickets for students and fac
ulty are obtainable at the Sum
mer Quarter Office, Room 173, Ad
ministration Building.
The Roth Quartet will give the
final concert of Series A next
Monday evening. The quartet will
be assisted by Ernst Toch, com
poser-pianist; Frank Fragale,
clarinetist; Romaine Verney, vio
list; and Stephen Deak, 'cellist.
The program will be presented in
the auditorium of the Memorial
Hall under the sponsorship of The
Friends of Music.
On Tuesday evening the quar
tet and Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist, will give a Mozart
program in the Memorial Church
under the auspices of Dr. John A.
Sellards, director of Summer

Quarter. The public is invited to
the Memorial Church concert.
Single admisisons are $1.25, and
for the last program of Series A
may be obtained at the Vestry,
Memorial Church, Keeble's, Palo
Alto, and at the door. Complimen
tary tickets for students and fac
ulty are obtainable at the Sum
mer Quarter Office, Room 173, Ad
ministration Building.
The Roth Quartet will give the
final concert of Series A next
Monday evening. The quartet will
be assisted by Ernst Toch, com
poser-pianist; Frank Fragale,
clarinetist; Romaine Verney, vio
list; and Stephen Deak, 'cellist.
The program will be presented in
the auditorium of the Memorial
Hall under the sponsorship of The
Friends of Music.
On Tuesday evening the quar
tet and Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist, will give a Mozart
program in the Memorial Church
under the auspices of Dr. John A.
Sellards, director of Summer

Quarter. The public is invited to
the Memorial Church concert.
Single admisisons are $1.25, and
for the last program of Series A
may be obtained at the Vestry,
Memorial Church, Keeble's, Palo
Alto, and at the door. Complimen
tary tickets for students and fac
ulty are obtainable at the Sum
mer Quarter Office, Room 173, Ad
ministration Building.
The Roth Quartet will give the
final concert of Series A next
Monday evening. The quartet will
be assisted by Ernst Toch, com
poser-pianist; Frank Fragale,
clarinetist; Romaine Verney, vio
list; and Stephen Deak, 'cellist.
The program will be presented in
the auditorium of the Memorial
Hall under the sponsorship of The
Friends of Music.
On Tuesday evening the quar
tet and Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist, will give a Mozart
program in the Memorial Church
under the auspices of Dr. John A.
Sellards, director of Summer

Quarter. The public is invited to
the Memorial Church concert.
Single admisisons are $1.25, and
for the last program of Series A
may be obtained at the Vestry,
Memorial Church, Keeble's, Palo
Alto, and at the door. Complimen
tary tickets for students and fac
ulty are obtainable at the Sum
mer Quarter Office, Room 173, Ad
ministration Building.
The Roth Quartet will give the
final concert of Series A next
Monday evening. The quartet will
be assisted by Ernst Toch, com
poser-pianist; Frank Fragale,
clarinetist; Romaine Verney, vio
list; and Stephen Deak, 'cellist.
The program will be presented in
the auditorium of the Memorial
Hall under the sponsorship of The
Friends of Music.
On Tuesday evening the quar
tet and Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist, will give a Mozart
program in the Memorial Church
under the auspices of Dr. John A.
Sellards, director of Summer

Quarter. The public is invited to
the Memorial Church concert.
Single admisisons are $1.25, and
for the last program of Series A
may be obtained at the Vestry,
Memorial Church, Keeble's, Palo
Alto, and at the door. Complimen
tary tickets for students and fac
ulty are obtainable at the Sum
mer Quarter Office, Room 173, Ad
ministration Building.
The Roth Quartet will give the
final concert of Series A next
Monday evening. The quartet will
be assisted by Ernst Toch, com
poser-pianist; Frank Fragale,
clarinetist; Romaine Verney, vio
list; and Stephen Deak, 'cellist.
The program will be presented in
the auditorium of the Memorial
Hall under the sponsorship of The
Friends of Music.
On Tuesday evening the quar
tet and Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist, will give a Mozart
program in the Memorial Church
under the auspices of Dr. John A.
Sellards, director of Summer

Quarter. The public is invited to
the Memorial Church concert.
Single admisisons are $1.25, and
for the last program of Series A
may be obtained at the Vestry,
Memorial Church, Keeble's, Palo
Alto, and at the door. Complimen
tary tickets for students and fac
ulty are obtainable at the Sum
mer Quarter Office, Room 173, Ad
ministration Building.
The Roth Quartet will give the
final concert of Series A next
Monday evening. The quartet will
be assisted by Ernst Toch, com
poser-pianist; Frank Fragale,
clarinetist; Romaine Verney, vio
list; and Stephen Deak, 'cellist.
The program will be presented in
the auditorium of the Memorial
Hall under the sponsorship of The
Friends of Music.
On Tuesday evening the quar
tet and Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist, will give a Mozart
program in the Memorial Church
under the auspices of Dr. John A.
Sellards, director of Summer

Quarter. The public is invited to
the Memorial Church concert.
Single admisisons are $1.25, and
for the last program of Series A
may be obtained at the Vestry,
Memorial Church, Keeble's, Palo
Alto, and at the door. Complimen
tary tickets for students and fac
ulty are obtainable at the Sum
mer Quarter Office, Room 173, Ad
ministration Building.
The Roth Quartet will give the
final concert of Series A next
Monday evening. The quartet will
be assisted by Ernst Toch, com
poser-pianist; Frank Fragale,
clarinetist; Romaine Verney, vio
list; and Stephen Deak, 'cellist.
The program will be presented in
the auditorium of the Memorial
Hall under the sponsorship of The
Friends of Music.
On Tuesday evening the quar
tet and Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist, will give a Mozart
program in the Memorial Church
under the auspices of Dr. John A.
Sellards, director of Summer

Quarter. The public is invited to
the Memorial Church concert.
Single admisisons are $1.25, and
for the last program of Series A
may be obtained at the Vestry,
Memorial Church, Keeble's, Palo
Alto, and at the door. Complimen
tary tickets for students and fac
ulty are obtainable at the Sum
mer Quarter Office, Room 173, Ad
ministration Building.
The Roth Quartet will give the
final concert of Series A next
Monday evening. The quartet will
be assisted by Ernst Toch, com
poser-pianist; Frank Fragale,
clarinetist; Romaine Verney, vio
list; and Stephen Deak, 'cellist.
The program will be presented in
the auditorium of the Memorial
Hall under the sponsorship of The
Friends of Music.
On Tuesday evening the quar
tet and Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist, will give a Mozart
program in the Memorial Church
under the auspices of Dr. John A.
Sellards, director of Summer

Quarter. The public is invited to
the Memorial Church concert.
Single admisisons are $1.25, and
for the last program of Series A
may be obtained at the Vestry,
Memorial Church, Keeble's, Palo
Alto, and at the door. Complimen
tary tickets for students and fac
ulty are obtainable at the Sum
mer Quarter Office, Room 173, Ad
ministration Building.
The Roth Quartet will give the
final concert of Series A next
Monday evening. The quartet will
be assisted by Ernst Toch, com
poser-pianist; Frank Fragale,
clarinetist; Romaine Verney, vio
list; and Stephen Deak, 'cellist.
The program will be presented in
the auditorium of the Memorial
Hall under the sponsorship of The
Friends of Music.
On Tuesday evening the quar
tet and Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist, will give a Mozart
program in the Memorial Church
under the auspices of Dr. John A.
Sellards, director of Summer

Quarter. The public is invited to
the Memorial Church concert.
Single admisisons are $1.25, and
for the last program of Series A
may be obtained at the Vestry,
Memorial Church, Keeble's, Palo
Alto, and at the door. Complimen
tary tickets for students and fac
ulty are obtainable at the Sum
mer Quarter Office, Room 173, Ad
ministration Building.
The Roth Quartet will give the
final concert of Series A next
Monday evening. The quartet will
be assisted by Ernst Toch, com
poser-pianist; Frank Fragale,
clarinetist; Romaine Verney, vio
list; and Stephen Deak, 'cellist.
The program will be presented in
the auditorium of the Memorial
Hall under the sponsorship of The
Friends of Music.
On Tuesday evening the quar
tet and Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist, will give a Mozart
program in the Memorial Church
under the auspices of Dr. John A.
Sellards, director of Summer

Quarter. The public is invited to
the Memorial Church concert.
Single admisisons are $1.25, and
for the last program of Series A
may be obtained at the Vestry,
Memorial Church, Keeble's, Palo
Alto, and at the door. Complimen
tary tickets for students and fac
ulty are obtainable at the Sum
mer Quarter Office, Room 173, Ad
ministration Building.
The Roth Quartet will give the
final concert of Series A next
Monday evening. The quartet will
be assisted by Ernst Toch, com
poser-pianist; Frank Fragale,
clarinetist; Romaine Verney, vio
list; and Stephen Deak, 'cellist.
The program will be presented in
the auditorium of the Memorial
Hall under the sponsorship of The
Friends of Music.
On Tuesday evening the quar
tet and Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist, will give a Mozart
program in the Memorial Church
under the auspices of Dr. John A.
Sellards, director of Summer

Quarter. The public is invited to
the Memorial Church concert.
Single admisisons are $1.25, and
for the last program of Series A
may be obtained at the Vestry,
Memorial Church, Keeble's, Palo
Alto, and at the door. Complimen
tary tickets for students and fac
ulty are obtainable at the Sum
mer Quarter Office, Room 173, Ad
ministration Building.
The Roth Quartet will give the
final concert of Series A next
Monday evening. The quartet will
be assisted by Ernst Toch, com
poser-pianist; Frank Fragale,
clarinetist; Romaine Verney, vio
list; and Stephen Deak, 'cellist.
The program will be presented in
the auditorium of the Memorial
Hall under the sponsorship of The
Friends of Music.
On Tuesday evening the quar
tet and Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist, will give a Mozart
program in the Memorial Church
under the auspices of Dr. John A.
Sellards, director of Summer

Quarter. The public is invited to
the Memorial Church concert.
Single admisisons are $1.25, and
for the last program of Series A
may be obtained at the Vestry,
Memorial Church, Keeble's, Palo
Alto, and at the door. Complimen
tary tickets for students and fac
ulty are obtainable at the Sum
mer Quarter Office, Room 173, Ad
ministration Building.
The Roth Quartet will give the
final concert of Series A next
Monday evening. The quartet will
be assisted by Ernst Toch, com
poser-pianist; Frank Fragale,
clarinetist; Romaine Verney, vio
list; and Stephen Deak, 'cellist.
The program will be presented in
the auditorium of the Memorial
Hall under the sponsorship of The
Friends of Music.
On Tuesday evening the quar
tet and Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist, will give a Mozart
program in the Memorial Church
under the auspices of Dr. John A.
Sellards, director of Summer

Quarter. The public is invited to
the Memorial Church concert.
Single admisisons are $1.25, and
for the last program of Series A
may be obtained at the Vestry,
Memorial Church, Keeble's, Palo
Alto, and at the door. Complimen
tary tickets for students and fac
ulty are obtainable at the Sum
mer Quarter Office, Room 173, Ad
ministration Building.
