# Education Field Trip
## 
### 
The summer workshop of the
Progressive Education Association
and the University of California
elementary demonstration school
were the goals of two education
department field trips Tuesday.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, associate
professor, took a group of 60 to
attend morning classes at the Ber
keley school. This was followed by

luncheon and conferences with the
staff.
At the same time 25 students sat
in on the sessions of the Progres
sive Education Association work
shop at Mills College in Oakland.
They were joined by the Berkeley
group and a third unit from Stan
ford for afternoon conferences.
The summer workshop of the
Progressive Education Association
and the University of California
elementary demonstration school
were the goals of two education
department field trips Tuesday.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, associate
professor, took a group of 60 to
attend morning classes at the Ber
keley school. This was followed by

luncheon and conferences with the
staff.
At the same time 25 students sat
in on the sessions of the Progres
sive Education Association work
shop at Mills College in Oakland.
They were joined by the Berkeley
group and a third unit from Stan
ford for afternoon conferences.
The summer workshop of the
Progressive Education Association
and the University of California
elementary demonstration school
were the goals of two education
department field trips Tuesday.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, associate
professor, took a group of 60 to
attend morning classes at the Ber
keley school. This was followed by

luncheon and conferences with the
staff.
At the same time 25 students sat
in on the sessions of the Progres
sive Education Association work
shop at Mills College in Oakland.
They were joined by the Berkeley
group and a third unit from Stan
ford for afternoon conferences.
The summer workshop of the
Progressive Education Association
and the University of California
elementary demonstration school
were the goals of two education
department field trips Tuesday.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, associate
professor, took a group of 60 to
attend morning classes at the Ber
keley school. This was followed by

luncheon and conferences with the
staff.
At the same time 25 students sat
in on the sessions of the Progres
sive Education Association work
shop at Mills College in Oakland.
They were joined by the Berkeley
group and a third unit from Stan
ford for afternoon conferences.
The summer workshop of the
Progressive Education Association
and the University of California
elementary demonstration school
were the goals of two education
department field trips Tuesday.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, associate
professor, took a group of 60 to
attend morning classes at the Ber
keley school. This was followed by

luncheon and conferences with the
staff.
At the same time 25 students sat
in on the sessions of the Progres
sive Education Association work
shop at Mills College in Oakland.
They were joined by the Berkeley
group and a third unit from Stan
ford for afternoon conferences.
The summer workshop of the
Progressive Education Association
and the University of California
elementary demonstration school
were the goals of two education
department field trips Tuesday.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, associate
professor, took a group of 60 to
attend morning classes at the Ber
keley school. This was followed by

luncheon and conferences with the
staff.
At the same time 25 students sat
in on the sessions of the Progres
sive Education Association work
shop at Mills College in Oakland.
They were joined by the Berkeley
group and a third unit from Stan
ford for afternoon conferences.
The summer workshop of the
Progressive Education Association
and the University of California
elementary demonstration school
were the goals of two education
department field trips Tuesday.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, associate
professor, took a group of 60 to
attend morning classes at the Ber
keley school. This was followed by

luncheon and conferences with the
staff.
At the same time 25 students sat
in on the sessions of the Progres
sive Education Association work
shop at Mills College in Oakland.
They were joined by the Berkeley
group and a third unit from Stan
ford for afternoon conferences.
The summer workshop of the
Progressive Education Association
and the University of California
elementary demonstration school
were the goals of two education
department field trips Tuesday.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, associate
professor, took a group of 60 to
attend morning classes at the Ber
keley school. This was followed by

luncheon and conferences with the
staff.
At the same time 25 students sat
in on the sessions of the Progres
sive Education Association work
shop at Mills College in Oakland.
They were joined by the Berkeley
group and a third unit from Stan
ford for afternoon conferences.
The summer workshop of the
Progressive Education Association
and the University of California
elementary demonstration school
were the goals of two education
department field trips Tuesday.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, associate
professor, took a group of 60 to
attend morning classes at the Ber
keley school. This was followed by

luncheon and conferences with the
staff.
At the same time 25 students sat
in on the sessions of the Progres
sive Education Association work
shop at Mills College in Oakland.
They were joined by the Berkeley
group and a third unit from Stan
ford for afternoon conferences.
The summer workshop of the
Progressive Education Association
and the University of California
elementary demonstration school
were the goals of two education
department field trips Tuesday.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, associate
professor, took a group of 60 to
attend morning classes at the Ber
keley school. This was followed by

luncheon and conferences with the
staff.
At the same time 25 students sat
in on the sessions of the Progres
sive Education Association work
shop at Mills College in Oakland.
They were joined by the Berkeley
group and a third unit from Stan
ford for afternoon conferences.
The summer workshop of the
Progressive Education Association
and the University of California
elementary demonstration school
were the goals of two education
department field trips Tuesday.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, associate
professor, took a group of 60 to
attend morning classes at the Ber
keley school. This was followed by

luncheon and conferences with the
staff.
At the same time 25 students sat
in on the sessions of the Progres
sive Education Association work
shop at Mills College in Oakland.
They were joined by the Berkeley
group and a third unit from Stan
ford for afternoon conferences.
The summer workshop of the
Progressive Education Association
and the University of California
elementary demonstration school
were the goals of two education
department field trips Tuesday.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, associate
professor, took a group of 60 to
attend morning classes at the Ber
keley school. This was followed by

luncheon and conferences with the
staff.
At the same time 25 students sat
in on the sessions of the Progres
sive Education Association work
shop at Mills College in Oakland.
They were joined by the Berkeley
group and a third unit from Stan
ford for afternoon conferences.
The summer workshop of the
Progressive Education Association
and the University of California
elementary demonstration school
were the goals of two education
department field trips Tuesday.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, associate
professor, took a group of 60 to
attend morning classes at the Ber
keley school. This was followed by

luncheon and conferences with the
staff.
At the same time 25 students sat
in on the sessions of the Progres
sive Education Association work
shop at Mills College in Oakland.
They were joined by the Berkeley
group and a third unit from Stan
ford for afternoon conferences.
The summer workshop of the
Progressive Education Association
and the University of California
elementary demonstration school
were the goals of two education
department field trips Tuesday.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, associate
professor, took a group of 60 to
attend morning classes at the Ber
keley school. This was followed by

luncheon and conferences with the
staff.
At the same time 25 students sat
in on the sessions of the Progres
sive Education Association work
shop at Mills College in Oakland.
They were joined by the Berkeley
group and a third unit from Stan
ford for afternoon conferences.
The summer workshop of the
Progressive Education Association
and the University of California
elementary demonstration school
were the goals of two education
department field trips Tuesday.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, associate
professor, took a group of 60 to
attend morning classes at the Ber
keley school. This was followed by

luncheon and conferences with the
staff.
At the same time 25 students sat
in on the sessions of the Progres
sive Education Association work
shop at Mills College in Oakland.
They were joined by the Berkeley
group and a third unit from Stan
ford for afternoon conferences.
