# Former Pitcher Found Dead
## 
### 
PITTSBURG, Calif., Jan. 15 (UP).
—Contra Costa County autopsy sur
geons today reported that carbon
monoxide poisoning caused the
death of Milton F. (Babe) Driscoll,
57, former Pacific Coast League
baseball player who was found dead
at his home yesterday, an apparent
suicide.
Pittsburg police said Driseoll's
body was found in the rear seat of
his car in the family garage late
yesterday afternoon. Preliminary
reports said the former athlete had
died of natural causes. However
Police Chief Sal Jimino said he
officially listed the case as a sui
cide after finding a length of gar
den hose near the car and evidence
that the hose had been attached to
the car's exhaust pipe.
Driscoll, a resident of Pittsbuxg
for 23 years, was noted as an ama
teur golfer after retiring from active
participation in baseball and held
several club championships in Con
tra Costa County.
He formerly pitched for the Los
Angeles Angels in the Coast League
in 1911 and 1912. He later pitched
and played outfield in the Utah
League and for several semi-profes
sional teams in Contra Costa County.
Funeral services will be held here
Friday afternoon.
PITTSBURG, Calif., Jan. 15 (UP).
—Contra Costa County autopsy sur
geons today reported that carbon
monoxide poisoning caused the
death of Milton F. (Babe) Driscoll,
57, former Pacific Coast League
baseball player who was found dead
at his home yesterday, an apparent
suicide.
Pittsburg police said Driseoll's
body was found in the rear seat of
his car in the family garage late
yesterday afternoon. Preliminary
reports said the former athlete had
died of natural causes. However
Police Chief Sal Jimino said he
officially listed the case as a sui
cide after finding a length of gar
den hose near the car and evidence
that the hose had been attached to
the car's exhaust pipe.
Driscoll, a resident of Pittsbuxg
for 23 years, was noted as an ama
teur golfer after retiring from active
participation in baseball and held
several club championships in Con
tra Costa County.
He formerly pitched for the Los
Angeles Angels in the Coast League
in 1911 and 1912. He later pitched
and played outfield in the Utah
League and for several semi-profes
sional teams in Contra Costa County.
Funeral services will be held here
Friday afternoon.
PITTSBURG, Calif., Jan. 15 (UP).
—Contra Costa County autopsy sur
geons today reported that carbon
monoxide poisoning caused the
death of Milton F. (Babe) Driscoll,
57, former Pacific Coast League
baseball player who was found dead
at his home yesterday, an apparent
suicide.
Pittsburg police said Driseoll's
body was found in the rear seat of
his car in the family garage late
yesterday afternoon. Preliminary
reports said the former athlete had
died of natural causes. However
Police Chief Sal Jimino said he
officially listed the case as a sui
cide after finding a length of gar
den hose near the car and evidence
that the hose had been attached to
the car's exhaust pipe.
Driscoll, a resident of Pittsbuxg
for 23 years, was noted as an ama
teur golfer after retiring from active
participation in baseball and held
several club championships in Con
tra Costa County.
He formerly pitched for the Los
Angeles Angels in the Coast League
in 1911 and 1912. He later pitched
and played outfield in the Utah
League and for several semi-profes
sional teams in Contra Costa County.
Funeral services will be held here
Friday afternoon.
PITTSBURG, Calif., Jan. 15 (UP).
—Contra Costa County autopsy sur
geons today reported that carbon
monoxide poisoning caused the
death of Milton F. (Babe) Driscoll,
57, former Pacific Coast League
baseball player who was found dead
at his home yesterday, an apparent
suicide.
Pittsburg police said Driseoll's
body was found in the rear seat of
his car in the family garage late
yesterday afternoon. Preliminary
reports said the former athlete had
died of natural causes. However
Police Chief Sal Jimino said he
officially listed the case as a sui
cide after finding a length of gar
den hose near the car and evidence
that the hose had been attached to
the car's exhaust pipe.
Driscoll, a resident of Pittsbuxg
for 23 years, was noted as an ama
teur golfer after retiring from active
participation in baseball and held
several club championships in Con
tra Costa County.
He formerly pitched for the Los
Angeles Angels in the Coast League
in 1911 and 1912. He later pitched
and played outfield in the Utah
League and for several semi-profes
sional teams in Contra Costa County.
Funeral services will be held here
Friday afternoon.
PITTSBURG, Calif., Jan. 15 (UP).
—Contra Costa County autopsy sur
geons today reported that carbon
monoxide poisoning caused the
death of Milton F. (Babe) Driscoll,
57, former Pacific Coast League
baseball player who was found dead
at his home yesterday, an apparent
suicide.
Pittsburg police said Driseoll's
body was found in the rear seat of
his car in the family garage late
yesterday afternoon. Preliminary
reports said the former athlete had
died of natural causes. However
Police Chief Sal Jimino said he
officially listed the case as a sui
cide after finding a length of gar
den hose near the car and evidence
that the hose had been attached to
the car's exhaust pipe.
Driscoll, a resident of Pittsbuxg
for 23 years, was noted as an ama
teur golfer after retiring from active
participation in baseball and held
several club championships in Con
tra Costa County.
He formerly pitched for the Los
Angeles Angels in the Coast League
in 1911 and 1912. He later pitched
and played outfield in the Utah
League and for several semi-profes
sional teams in Contra Costa County.
Funeral services will be held here
Friday afternoon.
PITTSBURG, Calif., Jan. 15 (UP).
—Contra Costa County autopsy sur
geons today reported that carbon
monoxide poisoning caused the
death of Milton F. (Babe) Driscoll,
57, former Pacific Coast League
baseball player who was found dead
at his home yesterday, an apparent
suicide.
Pittsburg police said Driseoll's
body was found in the rear seat of
his car in the family garage late
yesterday afternoon. Preliminary
reports said the former athlete had
died of natural causes. However
Police Chief Sal Jimino said he
officially listed the case as a sui
cide after finding a length of gar
den hose near the car and evidence
that the hose had been attached to
the car's exhaust pipe.
Driscoll, a resident of Pittsbuxg
for 23 years, was noted as an ama
teur golfer after retiring from active
participation in baseball and held
several club championships in Con
tra Costa County.
He formerly pitched for the Los
Angeles Angels in the Coast League
in 1911 and 1912. He later pitched
and played outfield in the Utah
League and for several semi-profes
sional teams in Contra Costa County.
Funeral services will be held here
Friday afternoon.
PITTSBURG, Calif., Jan. 15 (UP).
—Contra Costa County autopsy sur
geons today reported that carbon
monoxide poisoning caused the
death of Milton F. (Babe) Driscoll,
57, former Pacific Coast League
baseball player who was found dead
at his home yesterday, an apparent
suicide.
Pittsburg police said Driseoll's
body was found in the rear seat of
his car in the family garage late
yesterday afternoon. Preliminary
reports said the former athlete had
died of natural causes. However
Police Chief Sal Jimino said he
officially listed the case as a sui
cide after finding a length of gar
den hose near the car and evidence
that the hose had been attached to
the car's exhaust pipe.
Driscoll, a resident of Pittsbuxg
for 23 years, was noted as an ama
teur golfer after retiring from active
participation in baseball and held
several club championships in Con
tra Costa County.
He formerly pitched for the Los
Angeles Angels in the Coast League
in 1911 and 1912. He later pitched
and played outfield in the Utah
League and for several semi-profes
sional teams in Contra Costa County.
Funeral services will be held here
Friday afternoon.
PITTSBURG, Calif., Jan. 15 (UP).
—Contra Costa County autopsy sur
geons today reported that carbon
monoxide poisoning caused the
death of Milton F. (Babe) Driscoll,
57, former Pacific Coast League
baseball player who was found dead
at his home yesterday, an apparent
suicide.
Pittsburg police said Driseoll's
body was found in the rear seat of
his car in the family garage late
yesterday afternoon. Preliminary
reports said the former athlete had
died of natural causes. However
Police Chief Sal Jimino said he
officially listed the case as a sui
cide after finding a length of gar
den hose near the car and evidence
that the hose had been attached to
the car's exhaust pipe.
Driscoll, a resident of Pittsbuxg
for 23 years, was noted as an ama
teur golfer after retiring from active
participation in baseball and held
several club championships in Con
tra Costa County.
He formerly pitched for the Los
Angeles Angels in the Coast League
in 1911 and 1912. He later pitched
and played outfield in the Utah
League and for several semi-profes
sional teams in Contra Costa County.
Funeral services will be held here
Friday afternoon.
PITTSBURG, Calif., Jan. 15 (UP).
—Contra Costa County autopsy sur
geons today reported that carbon
monoxide poisoning caused the
death of Milton F. (Babe) Driscoll,
57, former Pacific Coast League
baseball player who was found dead
at his home yesterday, an apparent
suicide.
Pittsburg police said Driseoll's
body was found in the rear seat of
his car in the family garage late
yesterday afternoon. Preliminary
reports said the former athlete had
died of natural causes. However
Police Chief Sal Jimino said he
officially listed the case as a sui
cide after finding a length of gar
den hose near the car and evidence
that the hose had been attached to
the car's exhaust pipe.
Driscoll, a resident of Pittsbuxg
for 23 years, was noted as an ama
teur golfer after retiring from active
participation in baseball and held
several club championships in Con
tra Costa County.
He formerly pitched for the Los
Angeles Angels in the Coast League
in 1911 and 1912. He later pitched
and played outfield in the Utah
League and for several semi-profes
sional teams in Contra Costa County.
Funeral services will be held here
Friday afternoon.
PITTSBURG, Calif., Jan. 15 (UP).
—Contra Costa County autopsy sur
geons today reported that carbon
monoxide poisoning caused the
death of Milton F. (Babe) Driscoll,
57, former Pacific Coast League
baseball player who was found dead
at his home yesterday, an apparent
suicide.
Pittsburg police said Driseoll's
body was found in the rear seat of
his car in the family garage late
yesterday afternoon. Preliminary
reports said the former athlete had
died of natural causes. However
Police Chief Sal Jimino said he
officially listed the case as a sui
cide after finding a length of gar
den hose near the car and evidence
that the hose had been attached to
the car's exhaust pipe.
Driscoll, a resident of Pittsbuxg
for 23 years, was noted as an ama
teur golfer after retiring from active
participation in baseball and held
several club championships in Con
tra Costa County.
He formerly pitched for the Los
Angeles Angels in the Coast League
in 1911 and 1912. He later pitched
and played outfield in the Utah
League and for several semi-profes
sional teams in Contra Costa County.
Funeral services will be held here
Friday afternoon.
PITTSBURG, Calif., Jan. 15 (UP).
—Contra Costa County autopsy sur
geons today reported that carbon
monoxide poisoning caused the
death of Milton F. (Babe) Driscoll,
57, former Pacific Coast League
baseball player who was found dead
at his home yesterday, an apparent
suicide.
Pittsburg police said Driseoll's
body was found in the rear seat of
his car in the family garage late
yesterday afternoon. Preliminary
reports said the former athlete had
died of natural causes. However
Police Chief Sal Jimino said he
officially listed the case as a sui
cide after finding a length of gar
den hose near the car and evidence
that the hose had been attached to
the car's exhaust pipe.
Driscoll, a resident of Pittsbuxg
for 23 years, was noted as an ama
teur golfer after retiring from active
participation in baseball and held
several club championships in Con
tra Costa County.
He formerly pitched for the Los
Angeles Angels in the Coast League
in 1911 and 1912. He later pitched
and played outfield in the Utah
League and for several semi-profes
sional teams in Contra Costa County.
Funeral services will be held here
Friday afternoon.
PITTSBURG, Calif., Jan. 15 (UP).
—Contra Costa County autopsy sur
geons today reported that carbon
monoxide poisoning caused the
death of Milton F. (Babe) Driscoll,
57, former Pacific Coast League
baseball player who was found dead
at his home yesterday, an apparent
suicide.
Pittsburg police said Driseoll's
body was found in the rear seat of
his car in the family garage late
yesterday afternoon. Preliminary
reports said the former athlete had
died of natural causes. However
Police Chief Sal Jimino said he
officially listed the case as a sui
cide after finding a length of gar
den hose near the car and evidence
that the hose had been attached to
the car's exhaust pipe.
Driscoll, a resident of Pittsbuxg
for 23 years, was noted as an ama
teur golfer after retiring from active
participation in baseball and held
several club championships in Con
tra Costa County.
He formerly pitched for the Los
Angeles Angels in the Coast League
in 1911 and 1912. He later pitched
and played outfield in the Utah
League and for several semi-profes
sional teams in Contra Costa County.
Funeral services will be held here
Friday afternoon.
PITTSBURG, Calif., Jan. 15 (UP).
—Contra Costa County autopsy sur
geons today reported that carbon
monoxide poisoning caused the
death of Milton F. (Babe) Driscoll,
57, former Pacific Coast League
baseball player who was found dead
at his home yesterday, an apparent
suicide.
Pittsburg police said Driseoll's
body was found in the rear seat of
his car in the family garage late
yesterday afternoon. Preliminary
reports said the former athlete had
died of natural causes. However
Police Chief Sal Jimino said he
officially listed the case as a sui
cide after finding a length of gar
den hose near the car and evidence
that the hose had been attached to
the car's exhaust pipe.
Driscoll, a resident of Pittsbuxg
for 23 years, was noted as an ama
teur golfer after retiring from active
participation in baseball and held
several club championships in Con
tra Costa County.
He formerly pitched for the Los
Angeles Angels in the Coast League
in 1911 and 1912. He later pitched
and played outfield in the Utah
League and for several semi-profes
sional teams in Contra Costa County.
Funeral services will be held here
Friday afternoon.
PITTSBURG, Calif., Jan. 15 (UP).
—Contra Costa County autopsy sur
geons today reported that carbon
monoxide poisoning caused the
death of Milton F. (Babe) Driscoll,
57, former Pacific Coast League
baseball player who was found dead
at his home yesterday, an apparent
suicide.
Pittsburg police said Driseoll's
body was found in the rear seat of
his car in the family garage late
yesterday afternoon. Preliminary
reports said the former athlete had
died of natural causes. However
Police Chief Sal Jimino said he
officially listed the case as a sui
cide after finding a length of gar
den hose near the car and evidence
that the hose had been attached to
the car's exhaust pipe.
Driscoll, a resident of Pittsbuxg
for 23 years, was noted as an ama
teur golfer after retiring from active
participation in baseball and held
several club championships in Con
tra Costa County.
He formerly pitched for the Los
Angeles Angels in the Coast League
in 1911 and 1912. He later pitched
and played outfield in the Utah
League and for several semi-profes
sional teams in Contra Costa County.
Funeral services will be held here
Friday afternoon.
PITTSBURG, Calif., Jan. 15 (UP).
—Contra Costa County autopsy sur
geons today reported that carbon
monoxide poisoning caused the
death of Milton F. (Babe) Driscoll,
57, former Pacific Coast League
baseball player who was found dead
at his home yesterday, an apparent
suicide.
Pittsburg police said Driseoll's
body was found in the rear seat of
his car in the family garage late
yesterday afternoon. Preliminary
reports said the former athlete had
died of natural causes. However
Police Chief Sal Jimino said he
officially listed the case as a sui
cide after finding a length of gar
den hose near the car and evidence
that the hose had been attached to
the car's exhaust pipe.
Driscoll, a resident of Pittsbuxg
for 23 years, was noted as an ama
teur golfer after retiring from active
participation in baseball and held
several club championships in Con
tra Costa County.
He formerly pitched for the Los
Angeles Angels in the Coast League
in 1911 and 1912. He later pitched
and played outfield in the Utah
League and for several semi-profes
sional teams in Contra Costa County.
Funeral services will be held here
Friday afternoon.
