# PRESIDENT WILBUR IS MADE CHEVALIER OF FRENCH LEGION
## 
### 
President Wilbur has been made a
chevalier of the French Legion of
Honor in recognition of the services
of Stanford University during the war.
M. Jules Neltner, Consular General
of France at San Francisco has noti
fied Dr. Wilbur of the honor and
President Wilbur has replied that he
accepts the decoration on behalf of
the University and that Stanford is
proud that France regards it as hav
ing been of service during the war.
Consular General Neltner in his let
ter to Dr. Wilbur says: "It is with
the greatest satisfaction I announce
you that you have been made 'Cheva
lier de la Legion d'Honneur' by the
President of the French Republic as
an appreciation of the splendid spirit
shown by the University of Stanford
during the war and of the high esteem
in which you are held by the French
Government.
"By conferring upon you this high
distinction, the French Government
desires to express to all the Universi
ty its deep gratitude."
