# STANFORD RUGBY TEAM PLAYS U.C. TOMORROW
## Coach Maloney Makes Several Changes; Patrick, Kirksey and Templeton Will Play 
### 
Stanford and California clash in the
first big Kugby game of the season to
morrow under the Campanile. The
Cardinal team is out for revenge for
the defeat administed by the Blue and
Gold team in American football, and
with the addition of Templeton, Kirk
sey and Patrick, expect to put an end
to the series of California victories.
Coach Maloney announced definitely
that the game will take place on the
Berkeley field. Some confusion has
existed in regard t othe place where
the contest would be staged, owing to
a request by the California manager
that the game be held here.
Stanford and California clash in the
first big Kugby game of the season to
morrow under the Campanile. The
Cardinal team is out for revenge for
the defeat administed by the Blue and
Gold team in American football, and
with the addition of Templeton, Kirk
sey and Patrick, expect to put an end
to the series of California victories.
Coach Maloney announced definitely
that the game will take place on the
Berkeley field. Some confusion has
existed in regard t othe place where
the contest would be staged, owing to
a request by the California manager
that the game be held here.
Stanford and California clash in the
first big Kugby game of the season to
morrow under the Campanile. The
Cardinal team is out for revenge for
the defeat administed by the Blue and
Gold team in American football, and
with the addition of Templeton, Kirk
sey and Patrick, expect to put an end
to the series of California victories.
Coach Maloney announced definitely
that the game will take place on the
Berkeley field. Some confusion has
existed in regard t othe place where
the contest would be staged, owing to
a request by the California manager
that the game be held here.
Stanford and California clash in the
first big Kugby game of the season to
morrow under the Campanile. The
Cardinal team is out for revenge for
the defeat administed by the Blue and
Gold team in American football, and
with the addition of Templeton, Kirk
sey and Patrick, expect to put an end
to the series of California victories.
Coach Maloney announced definitely
that the game will take place on the
Berkeley field. Some confusion has
existed in regard t othe place where
the contest would be staged, owing to
a request by the California manager
that the game be held here.
Stanford and California clash in the
first big Kugby game of the season to
morrow under the Campanile. The
Cardinal team is out for revenge for
the defeat administed by the Blue and
Gold team in American football, and
with the addition of Templeton, Kirk
sey and Patrick, expect to put an end
to the series of California victories.
Coach Maloney announced definitely
that the game will take place on the
Berkeley field. Some confusion has
existed in regard t othe place where
the contest would be staged, owing to
a request by the California manager
that the game be held here.
Stanford and California clash in the
first big Kugby game of the season to
morrow under the Campanile. The
Cardinal team is out for revenge for
the defeat administed by the Blue and
Gold team in American football, and
with the addition of Templeton, Kirk
sey and Patrick, expect to put an end
to the series of California victories.
Coach Maloney announced definitely
that the game will take place on the
Berkeley field. Some confusion has
existed in regard t othe place where
the contest would be staged, owing to
a request by the California manager
that the game be held here.
Stanford and California clash in the
first big Kugby game of the season to
morrow under the Campanile. The
Cardinal team is out for revenge for
the defeat administed by the Blue and
Gold team in American football, and
with the addition of Templeton, Kirk
sey and Patrick, expect to put an end
to the series of California victories.
Coach Maloney announced definitely
that the game will take place on the
Berkeley field. Some confusion has
existed in regard t othe place where
the contest would be staged, owing to
a request by the California manager
that the game be held here.
Stanford and California clash in the
first big Kugby game of the season to
morrow under the Campanile. The
Cardinal team is out for revenge for
the defeat administed by the Blue and
Gold team in American football, and
with the addition of Templeton, Kirk
sey and Patrick, expect to put an end
to the series of California victories.
Coach Maloney announced definitely
that the game will take place on the
Berkeley field. Some confusion has
existed in regard t othe place where
the contest would be staged, owing to
a request by the California manager
that the game be held here.
Stanford and California clash in the
first big Kugby game of the season to
morrow under the Campanile. The
Cardinal team is out for revenge for
the defeat administed by the Blue and
Gold team in American football, and
with the addition of Templeton, Kirk
sey and Patrick, expect to put an end
to the series of California victories.
Coach Maloney announced definitely
that the game will take place on the
Berkeley field. Some confusion has
existed in regard t othe place where
the contest would be staged, owing to
a request by the California manager
that the game be held here.
Stanford and California clash in the
first big Kugby game of the season to
morrow under the Campanile. The
Cardinal team is out for revenge for
the defeat administed by the Blue and
Gold team in American football, and
with the addition of Templeton, Kirk
sey and Patrick, expect to put an end
to the series of California victories.
Coach Maloney announced definitely
that the game will take place on the
Berkeley field. Some confusion has
existed in regard t othe place where
the contest would be staged, owing to
a request by the California manager
that the game be held here.
Stanford and California clash in the
first big Kugby game of the season to
morrow under the Campanile. The
Cardinal team is out for revenge for
the defeat administed by the Blue and
Gold team in American football, and
with the addition of Templeton, Kirk
sey and Patrick, expect to put an end
to the series of California victories.
Coach Maloney announced definitely
that the game will take place on the
Berkeley field. Some confusion has
existed in regard t othe place where
the contest would be staged, owing to
a request by the California manager
that the game be held here.
Stanford and California clash in the
first big Kugby game of the season to
morrow under the Campanile. The
Cardinal team is out for revenge for
the defeat administed by the Blue and
Gold team in American football, and
with the addition of Templeton, Kirk
sey and Patrick, expect to put an end
to the series of California victories.
Coach Maloney announced definitely
that the game will take place on the
Berkeley field. Some confusion has
existed in regard t othe place where
the contest would be staged, owing to
a request by the California manager
that the game be held here.
