# Soviets Counter On Balkan Issue
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. Oct. 28 </P) —
Prime Minister Stalin's charge that
the United States—along with Brit
ain and France —is trying to start a
new war got an immediate assist
today from his ambassador in
Washington.
Hardly had Stalin's interview with
a Pravda correspondent come under
official study here when Soviet Am
bassador Alexander S. Panyushkin
made public a demand that the
United States explain whether and
why it is building up its military
strength in Japan.
The State Department joined is
sue with both Stalin and Panyush
kin. Stalin's statement in part ac
cused the Western Powers of wreck
ing Big Four negotiations for a set
tlement of the Berlin crisis last
month. 'Sfcif
To this the State Department re
plied that its White Paper gave the
"truthful" account of what hap
pened in these negotiations. The
White Paper placed full blame on
Russia.
Panyushkin, in making his de
mand, referred to an Associated
Press dispatch from Tokyo Oct. 14
which said U. S. defense commen
ders visiting Japan expressed pleas
ure at measures which had been
taken to convert the old Japanese
navy yard at Yokosuka into a mod
ern base capable oi handling large
fleet units.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 28 </P) —
Prime Minister Stalin's charge that
the United States—along with Brit
ain and France —is trying to start a
new war got an immediate assist
today from his ambassador in
Washington.
Hardly had Stalin's interview with
a Pravda correspondent come under
official study here when Soviet Am
bassador Alexander S. Panyushkin
made public a demand that the
United States explain whether and
why it is building up its military
strength in Japan.
The State Department joined is
sue with both Stalin and Panyush
kin. Stalin's statement in part ac
cused the Western Powers of wreck
ing Big Four negotiations for a set
tlement of the Berlin crisis last
month. 'Sfcif
To this the State Department re
plied that its White Paper gave the
"truthful" account of what hap
pened in these negotiations. The
White Paper placed full blame on
Russia.
Panyushkin, in making his de
mand, referred to an Associated
Press dispatch from Tokyo Oct. 14
which said U. S. defense commen
ders visiting Japan expressed pleas
ure at measures which had been
taken to convert the old Japanese
navy yard at Yokosuka into a mod
ern base capable oi handling large
fleet units.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 28 </P) —
Prime Minister Stalin's charge that
the United States—along with Brit
ain and France —is trying to start a
new war got an immediate assist
today from his ambassador in
Washington.
Hardly had Stalin's interview with
a Pravda correspondent come under
official study here when Soviet Am
bassador Alexander S. Panyushkin
made public a demand that the
United States explain whether and
why it is building up its military
strength in Japan.
The State Department joined is
sue with both Stalin and Panyush
kin. Stalin's statement in part ac
cused the Western Powers of wreck
ing Big Four negotiations for a set
tlement of the Berlin crisis last
month. 'Sfcif
To this the State Department re
plied that its White Paper gave the
"truthful" account of what hap
pened in these negotiations. The
White Paper placed full blame on
Russia.
Panyushkin, in making his de
mand, referred to an Associated
Press dispatch from Tokyo Oct. 14
which said U. S. defense commen
ders visiting Japan expressed pleas
ure at measures which had been
taken to convert the old Japanese
navy yard at Yokosuka into a mod
ern base capable oi handling large
fleet units.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 28 </P) —
Prime Minister Stalin's charge that
the United States—along with Brit
ain and France —is trying to start a
new war got an immediate assist
today from his ambassador in
Washington.
Hardly had Stalin's interview with
a Pravda correspondent come under
official study here when Soviet Am
bassador Alexander S. Panyushkin
made public a demand that the
United States explain whether and
why it is building up its military
strength in Japan.
The State Department joined is
sue with both Stalin and Panyush
kin. Stalin's statement in part ac
cused the Western Powers of wreck
ing Big Four negotiations for a set
tlement of the Berlin crisis last
month. 'Sfcif
To this the State Department re
plied that its White Paper gave the
"truthful" account of what hap
pened in these negotiations. The
White Paper placed full blame on
Russia.
Panyushkin, in making his de
mand, referred to an Associated
Press dispatch from Tokyo Oct. 14
which said U. S. defense commen
ders visiting Japan expressed pleas
ure at measures which had been
taken to convert the old Japanese
navy yard at Yokosuka into a mod
ern base capable oi handling large
fleet units.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 28 </P) —
Prime Minister Stalin's charge that
the United States—along with Brit
ain and France —is trying to start a
new war got an immediate assist
today from his ambassador in
Washington.
Hardly had Stalin's interview with
a Pravda correspondent come under
official study here when Soviet Am
bassador Alexander S. Panyushkin
made public a demand that the
United States explain whether and
why it is building up its military
strength in Japan.
The State Department joined is
sue with both Stalin and Panyush
kin. Stalin's statement in part ac
cused the Western Powers of wreck
ing Big Four negotiations for a set
tlement of the Berlin crisis last
month. 'Sfcif
To this the State Department re
plied that its White Paper gave the
"truthful" account of what hap
pened in these negotiations. The
White Paper placed full blame on
Russia.
Panyushkin, in making his de
mand, referred to an Associated
Press dispatch from Tokyo Oct. 14
which said U. S. defense commen
ders visiting Japan expressed pleas
ure at measures which had been
taken to convert the old Japanese
navy yard at Yokosuka into a mod
ern base capable oi handling large
fleet units.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 28 </P) —
Prime Minister Stalin's charge that
the United States—along with Brit
ain and France —is trying to start a
new war got an immediate assist
today from his ambassador in
Washington.
Hardly had Stalin's interview with
a Pravda correspondent come under
official study here when Soviet Am
bassador Alexander S. Panyushkin
made public a demand that the
United States explain whether and
why it is building up its military
strength in Japan.
The State Department joined is
sue with both Stalin and Panyush
kin. Stalin's statement in part ac
cused the Western Powers of wreck
ing Big Four negotiations for a set
tlement of the Berlin crisis last
month. 'Sfcif
To this the State Department re
plied that its White Paper gave the
"truthful" account of what hap
pened in these negotiations. The
White Paper placed full blame on
Russia.
Panyushkin, in making his de
mand, referred to an Associated
Press dispatch from Tokyo Oct. 14
which said U. S. defense commen
ders visiting Japan expressed pleas
ure at measures which had been
taken to convert the old Japanese
navy yard at Yokosuka into a mod
ern base capable oi handling large
fleet units.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 28 </P) —
Prime Minister Stalin's charge that
the United States—along with Brit
ain and France —is trying to start a
new war got an immediate assist
today from his ambassador in
Washington.
Hardly had Stalin's interview with
a Pravda correspondent come under
official study here when Soviet Am
bassador Alexander S. Panyushkin
made public a demand that the
United States explain whether and
why it is building up its military
strength in Japan.
The State Department joined is
sue with both Stalin and Panyush
kin. Stalin's statement in part ac
cused the Western Powers of wreck
ing Big Four negotiations for a set
tlement of the Berlin crisis last
month. 'Sfcif
To this the State Department re
plied that its White Paper gave the
"truthful" account of what hap
pened in these negotiations. The
White Paper placed full blame on
Russia.
Panyushkin, in making his de
mand, referred to an Associated
Press dispatch from Tokyo Oct. 14
which said U. S. defense commen
ders visiting Japan expressed pleas
ure at measures which had been
taken to convert the old Japanese
navy yard at Yokosuka into a mod
ern base capable oi handling large
fleet units.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 28 </P) —
Prime Minister Stalin's charge that
the United States—along with Brit
ain and France —is trying to start a
new war got an immediate assist
today from his ambassador in
Washington.
Hardly had Stalin's interview with
a Pravda correspondent come under
official study here when Soviet Am
bassador Alexander S. Panyushkin
made public a demand that the
United States explain whether and
why it is building up its military
strength in Japan.
The State Department joined is
sue with both Stalin and Panyush
kin. Stalin's statement in part ac
cused the Western Powers of wreck
ing Big Four negotiations for a set
tlement of the Berlin crisis last
month. 'Sfcif
To this the State Department re
plied that its White Paper gave the
"truthful" account of what hap
pened in these negotiations. The
White Paper placed full blame on
Russia.
Panyushkin, in making his de
mand, referred to an Associated
Press dispatch from Tokyo Oct. 14
which said U. S. defense commen
ders visiting Japan expressed pleas
ure at measures which had been
taken to convert the old Japanese
navy yard at Yokosuka into a mod
ern base capable oi handling large
fleet units.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 28 </P) —
Prime Minister Stalin's charge that
the United States—along with Brit
ain and France —is trying to start a
new war got an immediate assist
today from his ambassador in
Washington.
Hardly had Stalin's interview with
a Pravda correspondent come under
official study here when Soviet Am
bassador Alexander S. Panyushkin
made public a demand that the
United States explain whether and
why it is building up its military
strength in Japan.
The State Department joined is
sue with both Stalin and Panyush
kin. Stalin's statement in part ac
cused the Western Powers of wreck
ing Big Four negotiations for a set
tlement of the Berlin crisis last
month. 'Sfcif
To this the State Department re
plied that its White Paper gave the
"truthful" account of what hap
pened in these negotiations. The
White Paper placed full blame on
Russia.
Panyushkin, in making his de
mand, referred to an Associated
Press dispatch from Tokyo Oct. 14
which said U. S. defense commen
ders visiting Japan expressed pleas
ure at measures which had been
taken to convert the old Japanese
navy yard at Yokosuka into a mod
ern base capable oi handling large
fleet units.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 28 </P) —
Prime Minister Stalin's charge that
the United States—along with Brit
ain and France —is trying to start a
new war got an immediate assist
today from his ambassador in
Washington.
Hardly had Stalin's interview with
a Pravda correspondent come under
official study here when Soviet Am
bassador Alexander S. Panyushkin
made public a demand that the
United States explain whether and
why it is building up its military
strength in Japan.
The State Department joined is
sue with both Stalin and Panyush
kin. Stalin's statement in part ac
cused the Western Powers of wreck
ing Big Four negotiations for a set
tlement of the Berlin crisis last
month. 'Sfcif
To this the State Department re
plied that its White Paper gave the
"truthful" account of what hap
pened in these negotiations. The
White Paper placed full blame on
Russia.
Panyushkin, in making his de
mand, referred to an Associated
Press dispatch from Tokyo Oct. 14
which said U. S. defense commen
ders visiting Japan expressed pleas
ure at measures which had been
taken to convert the old Japanese
navy yard at Yokosuka into a mod
ern base capable oi handling large
fleet units.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 28 </P) —
Prime Minister Stalin's charge that
the United States—along with Brit
ain and France —is trying to start a
new war got an immediate assist
today from his ambassador in
Washington.
Hardly had Stalin's interview with
a Pravda correspondent come under
official study here when Soviet Am
bassador Alexander S. Panyushkin
made public a demand that the
United States explain whether and
why it is building up its military
strength in Japan.
The State Department joined is
sue with both Stalin and Panyush
kin. Stalin's statement in part ac
cused the Western Powers of wreck
ing Big Four negotiations for a set
tlement of the Berlin crisis last
month. 'Sfcif
To this the State Department re
plied that its White Paper gave the
"truthful" account of what hap
pened in these negotiations. The
White Paper placed full blame on
Russia.
Panyushkin, in making his de
mand, referred to an Associated
Press dispatch from Tokyo Oct. 14
which said U. S. defense commen
ders visiting Japan expressed pleas
ure at measures which had been
taken to convert the old Japanese
navy yard at Yokosuka into a mod
ern base capable oi handling large
fleet units.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 28 </P) —
Prime Minister Stalin's charge that
the United States—along with Brit
ain and France —is trying to start a
new war got an immediate assist
today from his ambassador in
Washington.
Hardly had Stalin's interview with
a Pravda correspondent come under
official study here when Soviet Am
bassador Alexander S. Panyushkin
made public a demand that the
United States explain whether and
why it is building up its military
strength in Japan.
The State Department joined is
sue with both Stalin and Panyush
kin. Stalin's statement in part ac
cused the Western Powers of wreck
ing Big Four negotiations for a set
tlement of the Berlin crisis last
month. 'Sfcif
To this the State Department re
plied that its White Paper gave the
"truthful" account of what hap
pened in these negotiations. The
White Paper placed full blame on
Russia.
Panyushkin, in making his de
mand, referred to an Associated
Press dispatch from Tokyo Oct. 14
which said U. S. defense commen
ders visiting Japan expressed pleas
ure at measures which had been
taken to convert the old Japanese
navy yard at Yokosuka into a mod
ern base capable oi handling large
fleet units.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 28 </P) —
Prime Minister Stalin's charge that
the United States—along with Brit
ain and France —is trying to start a
new war got an immediate assist
today from his ambassador in
Washington.
Hardly had Stalin's interview with
a Pravda correspondent come under
official study here when Soviet Am
bassador Alexander S. Panyushkin
made public a demand that the
United States explain whether and
why it is building up its military
strength in Japan.
The State Department joined is
sue with both Stalin and Panyush
kin. Stalin's statement in part ac
cused the Western Powers of wreck
ing Big Four negotiations for a set
tlement of the Berlin crisis last
month. 'Sfcif
To this the State Department re
plied that its White Paper gave the
"truthful" account of what hap
pened in these negotiations. The
White Paper placed full blame on
Russia.
Panyushkin, in making his de
mand, referred to an Associated
Press dispatch from Tokyo Oct. 14
which said U. S. defense commen
ders visiting Japan expressed pleas
ure at measures which had been
taken to convert the old Japanese
navy yard at Yokosuka into a mod
ern base capable oi handling large
fleet units.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 28 </P) —
Prime Minister Stalin's charge that
the United States—along with Brit
ain and France —is trying to start a
new war got an immediate assist
today from his ambassador in
Washington.
Hardly had Stalin's interview with
a Pravda correspondent come under
official study here when Soviet Am
bassador Alexander S. Panyushkin
made public a demand that the
United States explain whether and
why it is building up its military
strength in Japan.
The State Department joined is
sue with both Stalin and Panyush
kin. Stalin's statement in part ac
cused the Western Powers of wreck
ing Big Four negotiations for a set
tlement of the Berlin crisis last
month. 'Sfcif
To this the State Department re
plied that its White Paper gave the
"truthful" account of what hap
pened in these negotiations. The
White Paper placed full blame on
Russia.
Panyushkin, in making his de
mand, referred to an Associated
Press dispatch from Tokyo Oct. 14
which said U. S. defense commen
ders visiting Japan expressed pleas
ure at measures which had been
taken to convert the old Japanese
navy yard at Yokosuka into a mod
ern base capable oi handling large
fleet units.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 28 </P) —
Prime Minister Stalin's charge that
the United States—along with Brit
ain and France —is trying to start a
new war got an immediate assist
today from his ambassador in
Washington.
Hardly had Stalin's interview with
a Pravda correspondent come under
official study here when Soviet Am
bassador Alexander S. Panyushkin
made public a demand that the
United States explain whether and
why it is building up its military
strength in Japan.
The State Department joined is
sue with both Stalin and Panyush
kin. Stalin's statement in part ac
cused the Western Powers of wreck
ing Big Four negotiations for a set
tlement of the Berlin crisis last
month. 'Sfcif
To this the State Department re
plied that its White Paper gave the
"truthful" account of what hap
pened in these negotiations. The
White Paper placed full blame on
Russia.
Panyushkin, in making his de
mand, referred to an Associated
Press dispatch from Tokyo Oct. 14
which said U. S. defense commen
ders visiting Japan expressed pleas
ure at measures which had been
taken to convert the old Japanese
navy yard at Yokosuka into a mod
ern base capable oi handling large
fleet units.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 28 </P) —
Prime Minister Stalin's charge that
the United States—along with Brit
ain and France —is trying to start a
new war got an immediate assist
today from his ambassador in
Washington.
Hardly had Stalin's interview with
a Pravda correspondent come under
official study here when Soviet Am
bassador Alexander S. Panyushkin
made public a demand that the
United States explain whether and
why it is building up its military
strength in Japan.
The State Department joined is
sue with both Stalin and Panyush
kin. Stalin's statement in part ac
cused the Western Powers of wreck
ing Big Four negotiations for a set
tlement of the Berlin crisis last
month. 'Sfcif
To this the State Department re
plied that its White Paper gave the
"truthful" account of what hap
pened in these negotiations. The
White Paper placed full blame on
Russia.
Panyushkin, in making his de
mand, referred to an Associated
Press dispatch from Tokyo Oct. 14
which said U. S. defense commen
ders visiting Japan expressed pleas
ure at measures which had been
taken to convert the old Japanese
navy yard at Yokosuka into a mod
ern base capable oi handling large
fleet units.
