# St. Mary's Game Is Cancelled.
## 
### 
Manager Barrett to-day cancelled
the game scheduled with the St.
Mary's nine for 10:30 to-morrow
morning. The long-continued rain
has made the diamond unfit for
use.
Manager Barrett to-day cancelled
the game scheduled with the St.
Mary's nine for 10:30 to-morrow
morning. The long-continued rain
has made the diamond unfit for
use.
Manager Barrett to-day cancelled
the game scheduled with the St.
Mary's nine for 10:30 to-morrow
morning. The long-continued rain
has made the diamond unfit for
use.
Manager Barrett to-day cancelled
the game scheduled with the St.
Mary's nine for 10:30 to-morrow
morning. The long-continued rain
has made the diamond unfit for
use.
Manager Barrett to-day cancelled
the game scheduled with the St.
Mary's nine for 10:30 to-morrow
morning. The long-continued rain
has made the diamond unfit for
use.
Manager Barrett to-day cancelled
the game scheduled with the St.
Mary's nine for 10:30 to-morrow
morning. The long-continued rain
has made the diamond unfit for
use.
Manager Barrett to-day cancelled
the game scheduled with the St.
Mary's nine for 10:30 to-morrow
morning. The long-continued rain
has made the diamond unfit for
use.
Manager Barrett to-day cancelled
the game scheduled with the St.
Mary's nine for 10:30 to-morrow
morning. The long-continued rain
has made the diamond unfit for
use.
Manager Barrett to-day cancelled
the game scheduled with the St.
Mary's nine for 10:30 to-morrow
morning. The long-continued rain
has made the diamond unfit for
use.
