# Get Those W-4's
## 
### 
Students who have received a salary
from the ASSU during the past year
should pick up their W-4 forms by
Friday at the ASSU office. Forms not
picked up will be mailed to students'
home addresses.
A W-4 form is required for filing
income tax returns.
Students who have received a salary
from the ASSU during the past year
should pick up their W-4 forms by
Friday at the ASSU office. Forms not
picked up will be mailed to students'
home addresses.
A W-4 form is required for filing
income tax returns.
Students who have received a salary
from the ASSU during the past year
should pick up their W-4 forms by
Friday at the ASSU office. Forms not
picked up will be mailed to students'
home addresses.
A W-4 form is required for filing
income tax returns.
Students who have received a salary
from the ASSU during the past year
should pick up their W-4 forms by
Friday at the ASSU office. Forms not
picked up will be mailed to students'
home addresses.
A W-4 form is required for filing
income tax returns.
Students who have received a salary
from the ASSU during the past year
should pick up their W-4 forms by
Friday at the ASSU office. Forms not
picked up will be mailed to students'
home addresses.
A W-4 form is required for filing
income tax returns.
Students who have received a salary
from the ASSU during the past year
should pick up their W-4 forms by
Friday at the ASSU office. Forms not
picked up will be mailed to students'
home addresses.
A W-4 form is required for filing
income tax returns.
Students who have received a salary
from the ASSU during the past year
should pick up their W-4 forms by
Friday at the ASSU office. Forms not
picked up will be mailed to students'
home addresses.
A W-4 form is required for filing
income tax returns.
Students who have received a salary
from the ASSU during the past year
should pick up their W-4 forms by
Friday at the ASSU office. Forms not
picked up will be mailed to students'
home addresses.
A W-4 form is required for filing
income tax returns.
Students who have received a salary
from the ASSU during the past year
should pick up their W-4 forms by
Friday at the ASSU office. Forms not
picked up will be mailed to students'
home addresses.
A W-4 form is required for filing
income tax returns.
Students who have received a salary
from the ASSU during the past year
should pick up their W-4 forms by
Friday at the ASSU office. Forms not
picked up will be mailed to students'
home addresses.
A W-4 form is required for filing
income tax returns.
Students who have received a salary
from the ASSU during the past year
should pick up their W-4 forms by
Friday at the ASSU office. Forms not
picked up will be mailed to students'
home addresses.
A W-4 form is required for filing
income tax returns.
Students who have received a salary
from the ASSU during the past year
should pick up their W-4 forms by
Friday at the ASSU office. Forms not
picked up will be mailed to students'
home addresses.
A W-4 form is required for filing
income tax returns.
Students who have received a salary
from the ASSU during the past year
should pick up their W-4 forms by
Friday at the ASSU office. Forms not
picked up will be mailed to students'
home addresses.
A W-4 form is required for filing
income tax returns.
Students who have received a salary
from the ASSU during the past year
should pick up their W-4 forms by
Friday at the ASSU office. Forms not
picked up will be mailed to students'
home addresses.
A W-4 form is required for filing
income tax returns.
Students who have received a salary
from the ASSU during the past year
should pick up their W-4 forms by
Friday at the ASSU office. Forms not
picked up will be mailed to students'
home addresses.
A W-4 form is required for filing
income tax returns.
Students who have received a salary
from the ASSU during the past year
should pick up their W-4 forms by
Friday at the ASSU office. Forms not
picked up will be mailed to students'
home addresses.
A W-4 form is required for filing
income tax returns.
