# Tongue In Cheek
## 
### 

Quad Photo by Hruce Howar

Gary Petersmeyer skips around his man using a
recently developed deceptive device —the tongue
fake. Petersmeyer, currently Stlckney's Stanford
Athlete of the Month, Is third on the Stanford
scoring ladder, with 11.2 points per game from
his guard position.

Quad Photo by Hruce Howar

Gary Petersmeyer skips around his man using a
recently developed deceptive device —the tongue
fake. Petersmeyer, currently Stlckney's Stanford
Athlete of the Month, Is third on the Stanford
scoring ladder, with 11.2 points per game from
his guard position.

Quad Photo by Hruce Howar

Gary Petersmeyer skips around his man using a
recently developed deceptive device —the tongue
fake. Petersmeyer, currently Stlckney's Stanford
Athlete of the Month, Is third on the Stanford
scoring ladder, with 11.2 points per game from
his guard position.

Quad Photo by Hruce Howar

Gary Petersmeyer skips around his man using a
recently developed deceptive device —the tongue
fake. Petersmeyer, currently Stlckney's Stanford
Athlete of the Month, Is third on the Stanford
scoring ladder, with 11.2 points per game from
his guard position.

Quad Photo by Hruce Howar

Gary Petersmeyer skips around his man using a
recently developed deceptive device —the tongue
fake. Petersmeyer, currently Stlckney's Stanford
Athlete of the Month, Is third on the Stanford
scoring ladder, with 11.2 points per game from
his guard position.

Quad Photo by Hruce Howar

Gary Petersmeyer skips around his man using a
recently developed deceptive device —the tongue
fake. Petersmeyer, currently Stlckney's Stanford
Athlete of the Month, Is third on the Stanford
scoring ladder, with 11.2 points per game from
his guard position.

Quad Photo by Hruce Howar

Gary Petersmeyer skips around his man using a
recently developed deceptive device —the tongue
fake. Petersmeyer, currently Stlckney's Stanford
Athlete of the Month, Is third on the Stanford
scoring ladder, with 11.2 points per game from
his guard position.

Quad Photo by Hruce Howar

Gary Petersmeyer skips around his man using a
recently developed deceptive device —the tongue
fake. Petersmeyer, currently Stlckney's Stanford
Athlete of the Month, Is third on the Stanford
scoring ladder, with 11.2 points per game from
his guard position.

Quad Photo by Hruce Howar

Gary Petersmeyer skips around his man using a
recently developed deceptive device —the tongue
fake. Petersmeyer, currently Stlckney's Stanford
Athlete of the Month, Is third on the Stanford
scoring ladder, with 11.2 points per game from
his guard position.

Quad Photo by Hruce Howar

Gary Petersmeyer skips around his man using a
recently developed deceptive device —the tongue
fake. Petersmeyer, currently Stlckney's Stanford
Athlete of the Month, Is third on the Stanford
scoring ladder, with 11.2 points per game from
his guard position.

Quad Photo by Hruce Howar

Gary Petersmeyer skips around his man using a
recently developed deceptive device —the tongue
fake. Petersmeyer, currently Stlckney's Stanford
Athlete of the Month, Is third on the Stanford
scoring ladder, with 11.2 points per game from
his guard position.

Quad Photo by Hruce Howar

Gary Petersmeyer skips around his man using a
recently developed deceptive device —the tongue
fake. Petersmeyer, currently Stlckney's Stanford
Athlete of the Month, Is third on the Stanford
scoring ladder, with 11.2 points per game from
his guard position.

Quad Photo by Hruce Howar

Gary Petersmeyer skips around his man using a
recently developed deceptive device —the tongue
fake. Petersmeyer, currently Stlckney's Stanford
Athlete of the Month, Is third on the Stanford
scoring ladder, with 11.2 points per game from
his guard position.

Quad Photo by Hruce Howar

Gary Petersmeyer skips around his man using a
recently developed deceptive device —the tongue
fake. Petersmeyer, currently Stlckney's Stanford
Athlete of the Month, Is third on the Stanford
scoring ladder, with 11.2 points per game from
his guard position.

Quad Photo by Hruce Howar

Gary Petersmeyer skips around his man using a
recently developed deceptive device —the tongue
fake. Petersmeyer, currently Stlckney's Stanford
Athlete of the Month, Is third on the Stanford
scoring ladder, with 11.2 points per game from
his guard position.

Quad Photo by Hruce Howar

Gary Petersmeyer skips around his man using a
recently developed deceptive device —the tongue
fake. Petersmeyer, currently Stlckney's Stanford
Athlete of the Month, Is third on the Stanford
scoring ladder, with 11.2 points per game from
his guard position.
