# Craig Named To HEW Post
## 
### 
Dr. William G. Craig, Dean of
Men and associate Professor of
Education from 1955 to 1962, has
been assigned a position in the
Health, Education, and Welfare
Department as Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Administration.
Dr. Craig, who had served as a
Deputy Associate Comisioner in
the Bureau of Higher Education,
will work to increase career de
velopment opportunities and im
prove personnel administration
within the department.
Dr. Craig's previous govern
ment experience includes two
years as Director of the Peace
Corps Training Program. He
also serves on the Board of
Foreign Scholarships, which
supervizes the Administration
program.
Dr. William G. Craig, Dean of
Men and associate Professor of
Education from 1955 to 1962, has
been assigned a position in the
Health, Education, and Welfare
Department as Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Administration.
Dr. Craig, who had served as a
Deputy Associate Comisioner in
the Bureau of Higher Education,
will work to increase career de
velopment opportunities and im
prove personnel administration
within the department.
Dr. Craig's previous govern
ment experience includes two
years as Director of the Peace
Corps Training Program. He
also serves on the Board of
Foreign Scholarships, which
supervizes the Administration
program.
Dr. William G. Craig, Dean of
Men and associate Professor of
Education from 1955 to 1962, has
been assigned a position in the
Health, Education, and Welfare
Department as Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Administration.
Dr. Craig, who had served as a
Deputy Associate Comisioner in
the Bureau of Higher Education,
will work to increase career de
velopment opportunities and im
prove personnel administration
within the department.
Dr. Craig's previous govern
ment experience includes two
years as Director of the Peace
Corps Training Program. He
also serves on the Board of
Foreign Scholarships, which
supervizes the Administration
program.
Dr. William G. Craig, Dean of
Men and associate Professor of
Education from 1955 to 1962, has
been assigned a position in the
Health, Education, and Welfare
Department as Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Administration.
Dr. Craig, who had served as a
Deputy Associate Comisioner in
the Bureau of Higher Education,
will work to increase career de
velopment opportunities and im
prove personnel administration
within the department.
Dr. Craig's previous govern
ment experience includes two
years as Director of the Peace
Corps Training Program. He
also serves on the Board of
Foreign Scholarships, which
supervizes the Administration
program.
Dr. William G. Craig, Dean of
Men and associate Professor of
Education from 1955 to 1962, has
been assigned a position in the
Health, Education, and Welfare
Department as Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Administration.
Dr. Craig, who had served as a
Deputy Associate Comisioner in
the Bureau of Higher Education,
will work to increase career de
velopment opportunities and im
prove personnel administration
within the department.
Dr. Craig's previous govern
ment experience includes two
years as Director of the Peace
Corps Training Program. He
also serves on the Board of
Foreign Scholarships, which
supervizes the Administration
program.
Dr. William G. Craig, Dean of
Men and associate Professor of
Education from 1955 to 1962, has
been assigned a position in the
Health, Education, and Welfare
Department as Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Administration.
Dr. Craig, who had served as a
Deputy Associate Comisioner in
the Bureau of Higher Education,
will work to increase career de
velopment opportunities and im
prove personnel administration
within the department.
Dr. Craig's previous govern
ment experience includes two
years as Director of the Peace
Corps Training Program. He
also serves on the Board of
Foreign Scholarships, which
supervizes the Administration
program.
Dr. William G. Craig, Dean of
Men and associate Professor of
Education from 1955 to 1962, has
been assigned a position in the
Health, Education, and Welfare
Department as Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Administration.
Dr. Craig, who had served as a
Deputy Associate Comisioner in
the Bureau of Higher Education,
will work to increase career de
velopment opportunities and im
prove personnel administration
within the department.
Dr. Craig's previous govern
ment experience includes two
years as Director of the Peace
Corps Training Program. He
also serves on the Board of
Foreign Scholarships, which
supervizes the Administration
program.
Dr. William G. Craig, Dean of
Men and associate Professor of
Education from 1955 to 1962, has
been assigned a position in the
Health, Education, and Welfare
Department as Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Administration.
Dr. Craig, who had served as a
Deputy Associate Comisioner in
the Bureau of Higher Education,
will work to increase career de
velopment opportunities and im
prove personnel administration
within the department.
Dr. Craig's previous govern
ment experience includes two
years as Director of the Peace
Corps Training Program. He
also serves on the Board of
Foreign Scholarships, which
supervizes the Administration
program.
Dr. William G. Craig, Dean of
Men and associate Professor of
Education from 1955 to 1962, has
been assigned a position in the
Health, Education, and Welfare
Department as Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Administration.
Dr. Craig, who had served as a
Deputy Associate Comisioner in
the Bureau of Higher Education,
will work to increase career de
velopment opportunities and im
prove personnel administration
within the department.
Dr. Craig's previous govern
ment experience includes two
years as Director of the Peace
Corps Training Program. He
also serves on the Board of
Foreign Scholarships, which
supervizes the Administration
program.
Dr. William G. Craig, Dean of
Men and associate Professor of
Education from 1955 to 1962, has
been assigned a position in the
Health, Education, and Welfare
Department as Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Administration.
Dr. Craig, who had served as a
Deputy Associate Comisioner in
the Bureau of Higher Education,
will work to increase career de
velopment opportunities and im
prove personnel administration
within the department.
Dr. Craig's previous govern
ment experience includes two
years as Director of the Peace
Corps Training Program. He
also serves on the Board of
Foreign Scholarships, which
supervizes the Administration
program.
Dr. William G. Craig, Dean of
Men and associate Professor of
Education from 1955 to 1962, has
been assigned a position in the
Health, Education, and Welfare
Department as Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Administration.
Dr. Craig, who had served as a
Deputy Associate Comisioner in
the Bureau of Higher Education,
will work to increase career de
velopment opportunities and im
prove personnel administration
within the department.
Dr. Craig's previous govern
ment experience includes two
years as Director of the Peace
Corps Training Program. He
also serves on the Board of
Foreign Scholarships, which
supervizes the Administration
program.
Dr. William G. Craig, Dean of
Men and associate Professor of
Education from 1955 to 1962, has
been assigned a position in the
Health, Education, and Welfare
Department as Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Administration.
Dr. Craig, who had served as a
Deputy Associate Comisioner in
the Bureau of Higher Education,
will work to increase career de
velopment opportunities and im
prove personnel administration
within the department.
Dr. Craig's previous govern
ment experience includes two
years as Director of the Peace
Corps Training Program. He
also serves on the Board of
Foreign Scholarships, which
supervizes the Administration
program.
Dr. William G. Craig, Dean of
Men and associate Professor of
Education from 1955 to 1962, has
been assigned a position in the
Health, Education, and Welfare
Department as Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Administration.
Dr. Craig, who had served as a
Deputy Associate Comisioner in
the Bureau of Higher Education,
will work to increase career de
velopment opportunities and im
prove personnel administration
within the department.
Dr. Craig's previous govern
ment experience includes two
years as Director of the Peace
Corps Training Program. He
also serves on the Board of
Foreign Scholarships, which
supervizes the Administration
program.
Dr. William G. Craig, Dean of
Men and associate Professor of
Education from 1955 to 1962, has
been assigned a position in the
Health, Education, and Welfare
Department as Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Administration.
Dr. Craig, who had served as a
Deputy Associate Comisioner in
the Bureau of Higher Education,
will work to increase career de
velopment opportunities and im
prove personnel administration
within the department.
Dr. Craig's previous govern
ment experience includes two
years as Director of the Peace
Corps Training Program. He
also serves on the Board of
Foreign Scholarships, which
supervizes the Administration
program.
Dr. William G. Craig, Dean of
Men and associate Professor of
Education from 1955 to 1962, has
been assigned a position in the
Health, Education, and Welfare
Department as Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Administration.
Dr. Craig, who had served as a
Deputy Associate Comisioner in
the Bureau of Higher Education,
will work to increase career de
velopment opportunities and im
prove personnel administration
within the department.
Dr. Craig's previous govern
ment experience includes two
years as Director of the Peace
Corps Training Program. He
also serves on the Board of
Foreign Scholarships, which
supervizes the Administration
program.
Dr. William G. Craig, Dean of
Men and associate Professor of
Education from 1955 to 1962, has
been assigned a position in the
Health, Education, and Welfare
Department as Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Administration.
Dr. Craig, who had served as a
Deputy Associate Comisioner in
the Bureau of Higher Education,
will work to increase career de
velopment opportunities and im
prove personnel administration
within the department.
Dr. Craig's previous govern
ment experience includes two
years as Director of the Peace
Corps Training Program. He
also serves on the Board of
Foreign Scholarships, which
supervizes the Administration
program.
