# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
* 7
Has
ENNUI
Captured
Your
GOAT?
Do Profs sound
prosy ?
eight o'clocks
Lore you . . . . ?
Dose time hang
heavy ?
QUICK — TRY
This Simple Remedy
This Saturday night—
with HER —at the
Hotel Benj. Franklin
—you'll dance away
care to the music of
Hugh Berner's orches
tra—and you chuckle
at Don Stockton's
drolleries —cover is
fifty cents after nine
o'clock—the Hotel
is only twenty minutes
from the campus, just
off the highway at
San Mateo. For that
new youthful enthu
siasm—be there to
morrow night ....
I - - - -
* 7
Has
ENNUI
Captured
Your
GOAT?
Do Profs sound
prosy ?
eight o'clocks
Lore you . . . . ?
Dose time hang
heavy ?
QUICK — TRY
This Simple Remedy
This Saturday night—
with HER —at the
Hotel Benj. Franklin
—you'll dance away
care to the music of
Hugh Berner's orches
tra—and you chuckle
at Don Stockton's
drolleries —cover is
fifty cents after nine
o'clock—the Hotel
is only twenty minutes
from the campus, just
off the highway at
San Mateo. For that
new youthful enthu
siasm—be there to
morrow night ....
I - - - -
* 7
Has
ENNUI
Captured
Your
GOAT?
Do Profs sound
prosy ?
eight o'clocks
Lore you . . . . ?
Dose time hang
heavy ?
QUICK — TRY
This Simple Remedy
This Saturday night—
with HER —at the
Hotel Benj. Franklin
—you'll dance away
care to the music of
Hugh Berner's orches
tra—and you chuckle
at Don Stockton's
drolleries —cover is
fifty cents after nine
o'clock—the Hotel
is only twenty minutes
from the campus, just
off the highway at
San Mateo. For that
new youthful enthu
siasm—be there to
morrow night ....
I - - - -
* 7
Has
ENNUI
Captured
Your
GOAT?
Do Profs sound
prosy ?
eight o'clocks
Lore you . . . . ?
Dose time hang
heavy ?
QUICK — TRY
This Simple Remedy
This Saturday night—
with HER —at the
Hotel Benj. Franklin
—you'll dance away
care to the music of
Hugh Berner's orches
tra—and you chuckle
at Don Stockton's
drolleries —cover is
fifty cents after nine
o'clock—the Hotel
is only twenty minutes
from the campus, just
off the highway at
San Mateo. For that
new youthful enthu
siasm—be there to
morrow night ....
I - - - -
* 7
Has
ENNUI
Captured
Your
GOAT?
Do Profs sound
prosy ?
eight o'clocks
Lore you . . . . ?
Dose time hang
heavy ?
QUICK — TRY
This Simple Remedy
This Saturday night—
with HER —at the
Hotel Benj. Franklin
—you'll dance away
care to the music of
Hugh Berner's orches
tra—and you chuckle
at Don Stockton's
drolleries —cover is
fifty cents after nine
o'clock—the Hotel
is only twenty minutes
from the campus, just
off the highway at
San Mateo. For that
new youthful enthu
siasm—be there to
morrow night ....
I - - - -
* 7
Has
ENNUI
Captured
Your
GOAT?
Do Profs sound
prosy ?
eight o'clocks
Lore you . . . . ?
Dose time hang
heavy ?
QUICK — TRY
This Simple Remedy
This Saturday night—
with HER —at the
Hotel Benj. Franklin
—you'll dance away
care to the music of
Hugh Berner's orches
tra—and you chuckle
at Don Stockton's
drolleries —cover is
fifty cents after nine
o'clock—the Hotel
is only twenty minutes
from the campus, just
off the highway at
San Mateo. For that
new youthful enthu
siasm—be there to
morrow night ....
I - - - -
* 7
Has
ENNUI
Captured
Your
GOAT?
Do Profs sound
prosy ?
eight o'clocks
Lore you . . . . ?
Dose time hang
heavy ?
QUICK — TRY
This Simple Remedy
This Saturday night—
with HER —at the
Hotel Benj. Franklin
—you'll dance away
care to the music of
Hugh Berner's orches
tra—and you chuckle
at Don Stockton's
drolleries —cover is
fifty cents after nine
o'clock—the Hotel
is only twenty minutes
from the campus, just
off the highway at
San Mateo. For that
new youthful enthu
siasm—be there to
morrow night ....
I - - - -
* 7
Has
ENNUI
Captured
Your
GOAT?
Do Profs sound
prosy ?
eight o'clocks
Lore you . . . . ?
Dose time hang
heavy ?
QUICK — TRY
This Simple Remedy
This Saturday night—
with HER —at the
Hotel Benj. Franklin
—you'll dance away
care to the music of
Hugh Berner's orches
tra—and you chuckle
at Don Stockton's
drolleries —cover is
fifty cents after nine
o'clock—the Hotel
is only twenty minutes
from the campus, just
off the highway at
San Mateo. For that
new youthful enthu
siasm—be there to
morrow night ....
I - - - -
* 7
Has
ENNUI
Captured
Your
GOAT?
Do Profs sound
prosy ?
eight o'clocks
Lore you . . . . ?
Dose time hang
heavy ?
QUICK — TRY
This Simple Remedy
This Saturday night—
with HER —at the
Hotel Benj. Franklin
—you'll dance away
care to the music of
Hugh Berner's orches
tra—and you chuckle
at Don Stockton's
drolleries —cover is
fifty cents after nine
o'clock—the Hotel
is only twenty minutes
from the campus, just
off the highway at
San Mateo. For that
new youthful enthu
siasm—be there to
morrow night ....
I - - - -
* 7
Has
ENNUI
Captured
Your
GOAT?
Do Profs sound
prosy ?
eight o'clocks
Lore you . . . . ?
Dose time hang
heavy ?
QUICK — TRY
This Simple Remedy
This Saturday night—
with HER —at the
Hotel Benj. Franklin
—you'll dance away
care to the music of
Hugh Berner's orches
tra—and you chuckle
at Don Stockton's
drolleries —cover is
fifty cents after nine
o'clock—the Hotel
is only twenty minutes
from the campus, just
off the highway at
San Mateo. For that
new youthful enthu
siasm—be there to
morrow night ....
I - - - -
* 7
Has
ENNUI
Captured
Your
GOAT?
Do Profs sound
prosy ?
eight o'clocks
Lore you . . . . ?
Dose time hang
heavy ?
QUICK — TRY
This Simple Remedy
This Saturday night—
with HER —at the
Hotel Benj. Franklin
—you'll dance away
care to the music of
Hugh Berner's orches
tra—and you chuckle
at Don Stockton's
drolleries —cover is
fifty cents after nine
o'clock—the Hotel
is only twenty minutes
from the campus, just
off the highway at
San Mateo. For that
new youthful enthu
siasm—be there to
morrow night ....
I - - - -
* 7
Has
ENNUI
Captured
Your
GOAT?
Do Profs sound
prosy ?
eight o'clocks
Lore you . . . . ?
Dose time hang
heavy ?
QUICK — TRY
This Simple Remedy
This Saturday night—
with HER —at the
Hotel Benj. Franklin
—you'll dance away
care to the music of
Hugh Berner's orches
tra—and you chuckle
at Don Stockton's
drolleries —cover is
fifty cents after nine
o'clock—the Hotel
is only twenty minutes
from the campus, just
off the highway at
San Mateo. For that
new youthful enthu
siasm—be there to
morrow night ....
I - - - -
* 7
Has
ENNUI
Captured
Your
GOAT?
Do Profs sound
prosy ?
eight o'clocks
Lore you . . . . ?
Dose time hang
heavy ?
QUICK — TRY
This Simple Remedy
This Saturday night—
with HER —at the
Hotel Benj. Franklin
—you'll dance away
care to the music of
Hugh Berner's orches
tra—and you chuckle
at Don Stockton's
drolleries —cover is
fifty cents after nine
o'clock—the Hotel
is only twenty minutes
from the campus, just
off the highway at
San Mateo. For that
new youthful enthu
siasm—be there to
morrow night ....
I - - - -
* 7
Has
ENNUI
Captured
Your
GOAT?
Do Profs sound
prosy ?
eight o'clocks
Lore you . . . . ?
Dose time hang
heavy ?
QUICK — TRY
This Simple Remedy
This Saturday night—
with HER —at the
Hotel Benj. Franklin
—you'll dance away
care to the music of
Hugh Berner's orches
tra—and you chuckle
at Don Stockton's
drolleries —cover is
fifty cents after nine
o'clock—the Hotel
is only twenty minutes
from the campus, just
off the highway at
San Mateo. For that
new youthful enthu
siasm—be there to
morrow night ....
I - - - -
* 7
Has
ENNUI
Captured
Your
GOAT?
Do Profs sound
prosy ?
eight o'clocks
Lore you . . . . ?
Dose time hang
heavy ?
QUICK — TRY
This Simple Remedy
This Saturday night—
with HER —at the
Hotel Benj. Franklin
—you'll dance away
care to the music of
Hugh Berner's orches
tra—and you chuckle
at Don Stockton's
drolleries —cover is
fifty cents after nine
o'clock—the Hotel
is only twenty minutes
from the campus, just
off the highway at
San Mateo. For that
new youthful enthu
siasm—be there to
morrow night ....
I - - - -
