# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Approximately sixty-five per cent of
the clothing industry in America to
day is dominated by college stylo
trends, It is said.
Approximately sixty-five per cent of
the clothing industry in America to
day is dominated by college stylo
trends, It is said.
Approximately sixty-five per cent of
the clothing industry in America to
day is dominated by college stylo
trends, It is said.
Approximately sixty-five per cent of
the clothing industry in America to
day is dominated by college stylo
trends, It is said.
Approximately sixty-five per cent of
the clothing industry in America to
day is dominated by college stylo
trends, It is said.
Approximately sixty-five per cent of
the clothing industry in America to
day is dominated by college stylo
trends, It is said.
Approximately sixty-five per cent of
the clothing industry in America to
day is dominated by college stylo
trends, It is said.
Approximately sixty-five per cent of
the clothing industry in America to
day is dominated by college stylo
trends, It is said.
Approximately sixty-five per cent of
the clothing industry in America to
day is dominated by college stylo
trends, It is said.
Approximately sixty-five per cent of
the clothing industry in America to
day is dominated by college stylo
trends, It is said.
Approximately sixty-five per cent of
the clothing industry in America to
day is dominated by college stylo
trends, It is said.
Approximately sixty-five per cent of
the clothing industry in America to
day is dominated by college stylo
trends, It is said.
Approximately sixty-five per cent of
the clothing industry in America to
day is dominated by college stylo
trends, It is said.
Approximately sixty-five per cent of
the clothing industry in America to
day is dominated by college stylo
trends, It is said.
Approximately sixty-five per cent of
the clothing industry in America to
day is dominated by college stylo
trends, It is said.
