# Dr. Swett Gives Lecture in San Francisco on Glaucoma
## 
### 
Dr. Wilbur F. Swett, instructor in
opthalmology in the Medical School,
addressed the Bay Osteopathic Asso
ciation on glaucoma at its monthly
meeting in San Francisco last night.
Dr. Wilbur F. Swett, instructor in
opthalmology in the Medical School,
addressed the Bay Osteopathic Asso
ciation on glaucoma at its monthly
meeting in San Francisco last night.
Dr. Wilbur F. Swett, instructor in
opthalmology in the Medical School,
addressed the Bay Osteopathic Asso
ciation on glaucoma at its monthly
meeting in San Francisco last night.
Dr. Wilbur F. Swett, instructor in
opthalmology in the Medical School,
addressed the Bay Osteopathic Asso
ciation on glaucoma at its monthly
meeting in San Francisco last night.
Dr. Wilbur F. Swett, instructor in
opthalmology in the Medical School,
addressed the Bay Osteopathic Asso
ciation on glaucoma at its monthly
meeting in San Francisco last night.
Dr. Wilbur F. Swett, instructor in
opthalmology in the Medical School,
addressed the Bay Osteopathic Asso
ciation on glaucoma at its monthly
meeting in San Francisco last night.
Dr. Wilbur F. Swett, instructor in
opthalmology in the Medical School,
addressed the Bay Osteopathic Asso
ciation on glaucoma at its monthly
meeting in San Francisco last night.
Dr. Wilbur F. Swett, instructor in
opthalmology in the Medical School,
addressed the Bay Osteopathic Asso
ciation on glaucoma at its monthly
meeting in San Francisco last night.
Dr. Wilbur F. Swett, instructor in
opthalmology in the Medical School,
addressed the Bay Osteopathic Asso
ciation on glaucoma at its monthly
meeting in San Francisco last night.
Dr. Wilbur F. Swett, instructor in
opthalmology in the Medical School,
addressed the Bay Osteopathic Asso
ciation on glaucoma at its monthly
meeting in San Francisco last night.
Dr. Wilbur F. Swett, instructor in
opthalmology in the Medical School,
addressed the Bay Osteopathic Asso
ciation on glaucoma at its monthly
meeting in San Francisco last night.
Dr. Wilbur F. Swett, instructor in
opthalmology in the Medical School,
addressed the Bay Osteopathic Asso
ciation on glaucoma at its monthly
meeting in San Francisco last night.
Dr. Wilbur F. Swett, instructor in
opthalmology in the Medical School,
addressed the Bay Osteopathic Asso
ciation on glaucoma at its monthly
meeting in San Francisco last night.
Dr. Wilbur F. Swett, instructor in
opthalmology in the Medical School,
addressed the Bay Osteopathic Asso
ciation on glaucoma at its monthly
meeting in San Francisco last night.
Dr. Wilbur F. Swett, instructor in
opthalmology in the Medical School,
addressed the Bay Osteopathic Asso
ciation on glaucoma at its monthly
meeting in San Francisco last night.
