# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A Chinese student won the inter
foreign tennis tournament at U.C.
A Chinese student won the inter
foreign tennis tournament at U.C.
A Chinese student won the inter
foreign tennis tournament at U.C.
A Chinese student won the inter
foreign tennis tournament at U.C.
A Chinese student won the inter
foreign tennis tournament at U.C.
A Chinese student won the inter
foreign tennis tournament at U.C.
A Chinese student won the inter
foreign tennis tournament at U.C.
A Chinese student won the inter
foreign tennis tournament at U.C.
A Chinese student won the inter
foreign tennis tournament at U.C.
A Chinese student won the inter
foreign tennis tournament at U.C.
A Chinese student won the inter
foreign tennis tournament at U.C.
A Chinese student won the inter
foreign tennis tournament at U.C.
A Chinese student won the inter
foreign tennis tournament at U.C.
A Chinese student won the inter
foreign tennis tournament at U.C.
A Chinese student won the inter
foreign tennis tournament at U.C.
