# LEMON PARTIES
## 
### 
An ill-born practice, initiated by a
few masculine sisters of the campus,
was delivered a well-deserved blow
yesterday evening by the Women's
Council. The startling sight of a
herd of amazons en masse from var
ious sorority houses attending func
tions uninvited and unwelcome, surely
seems a breach of good etiquette es
pecially when the raid involves
kitchen defense. According to a writ
ten ruling such action ist verboten.
No doubt from the outside peering in,
a dance is a charming function, but
on the other hand, from the inside
looking out the flattened noses of
Stanford co-eds are weird decora
tions.
An ill-born practice, initiated by a
few masculine sisters of the campus,
was delivered a well-deserved blow
yesterday evening by the Women's
Council. The startling sight of a
herd of amazons en masse from var
ious sorority houses attending func
tions uninvited and unwelcome, surely
seems a breach of good etiquette es
pecially when the raid involves
kitchen defense. According to a writ
ten ruling such action ist verboten.
No doubt from the outside peering in,
a dance is a charming function, but
on the other hand, from the inside
looking out the flattened noses of
Stanford co-eds are weird decora
tions.
An ill-born practice, initiated by a
few masculine sisters of the campus,
was delivered a well-deserved blow
yesterday evening by the Women's
Council. The startling sight of a
herd of amazons en masse from var
ious sorority houses attending func
tions uninvited and unwelcome, surely
seems a breach of good etiquette es
pecially when the raid involves
kitchen defense. According to a writ
ten ruling such action ist verboten.
No doubt from the outside peering in,
a dance is a charming function, but
on the other hand, from the inside
looking out the flattened noses of
Stanford co-eds are weird decora
tions.
An ill-born practice, initiated by a
few masculine sisters of the campus,
was delivered a well-deserved blow
yesterday evening by the Women's
Council. The startling sight of a
herd of amazons en masse from var
ious sorority houses attending func
tions uninvited and unwelcome, surely
seems a breach of good etiquette es
pecially when the raid involves
kitchen defense. According to a writ
ten ruling such action ist verboten.
No doubt from the outside peering in,
a dance is a charming function, but
on the other hand, from the inside
looking out the flattened noses of
Stanford co-eds are weird decora
tions.
An ill-born practice, initiated by a
few masculine sisters of the campus,
was delivered a well-deserved blow
yesterday evening by the Women's
Council. The startling sight of a
herd of amazons en masse from var
ious sorority houses attending func
tions uninvited and unwelcome, surely
seems a breach of good etiquette es
pecially when the raid involves
kitchen defense. According to a writ
ten ruling such action ist verboten.
No doubt from the outside peering in,
a dance is a charming function, but
on the other hand, from the inside
looking out the flattened noses of
Stanford co-eds are weird decora
tions.
An ill-born practice, initiated by a
few masculine sisters of the campus,
was delivered a well-deserved blow
yesterday evening by the Women's
Council. The startling sight of a
herd of amazons en masse from var
ious sorority houses attending func
tions uninvited and unwelcome, surely
seems a breach of good etiquette es
pecially when the raid involves
kitchen defense. According to a writ
ten ruling such action ist verboten.
No doubt from the outside peering in,
a dance is a charming function, but
on the other hand, from the inside
looking out the flattened noses of
Stanford co-eds are weird decora
tions.
An ill-born practice, initiated by a
few masculine sisters of the campus,
was delivered a well-deserved blow
yesterday evening by the Women's
Council. The startling sight of a
herd of amazons en masse from var
ious sorority houses attending func
tions uninvited and unwelcome, surely
seems a breach of good etiquette es
pecially when the raid involves
kitchen defense. According to a writ
ten ruling such action ist verboten.
No doubt from the outside peering in,
a dance is a charming function, but
on the other hand, from the inside
looking out the flattened noses of
Stanford co-eds are weird decora
tions.
An ill-born practice, initiated by a
few masculine sisters of the campus,
was delivered a well-deserved blow
yesterday evening by the Women's
Council. The startling sight of a
herd of amazons en masse from var
ious sorority houses attending func
tions uninvited and unwelcome, surely
seems a breach of good etiquette es
pecially when the raid involves
kitchen defense. According to a writ
ten ruling such action ist verboten.
No doubt from the outside peering in,
a dance is a charming function, but
on the other hand, from the inside
looking out the flattened noses of
Stanford co-eds are weird decora
tions.
An ill-born practice, initiated by a
few masculine sisters of the campus,
was delivered a well-deserved blow
yesterday evening by the Women's
Council. The startling sight of a
herd of amazons en masse from var
ious sorority houses attending func
tions uninvited and unwelcome, surely
seems a breach of good etiquette es
pecially when the raid involves
kitchen defense. According to a writ
ten ruling such action ist verboten.
No doubt from the outside peering in,
a dance is a charming function, but
on the other hand, from the inside
looking out the flattened noses of
Stanford co-eds are weird decora
tions.
An ill-born practice, initiated by a
few masculine sisters of the campus,
was delivered a well-deserved blow
yesterday evening by the Women's
Council. The startling sight of a
herd of amazons en masse from var
ious sorority houses attending func
tions uninvited and unwelcome, surely
seems a breach of good etiquette es
pecially when the raid involves
kitchen defense. According to a writ
ten ruling such action ist verboten.
No doubt from the outside peering in,
a dance is a charming function, but
on the other hand, from the inside
looking out the flattened noses of
Stanford co-eds are weird decora
tions.
An ill-born practice, initiated by a
few masculine sisters of the campus,
was delivered a well-deserved blow
yesterday evening by the Women's
Council. The startling sight of a
herd of amazons en masse from var
ious sorority houses attending func
tions uninvited and unwelcome, surely
seems a breach of good etiquette es
pecially when the raid involves
kitchen defense. According to a writ
ten ruling such action ist verboten.
No doubt from the outside peering in,
a dance is a charming function, but
on the other hand, from the inside
looking out the flattened noses of
Stanford co-eds are weird decora
tions.
An ill-born practice, initiated by a
few masculine sisters of the campus,
was delivered a well-deserved blow
yesterday evening by the Women's
Council. The startling sight of a
herd of amazons en masse from var
ious sorority houses attending func
tions uninvited and unwelcome, surely
seems a breach of good etiquette es
pecially when the raid involves
kitchen defense. According to a writ
ten ruling such action ist verboten.
No doubt from the outside peering in,
a dance is a charming function, but
on the other hand, from the inside
looking out the flattened noses of
Stanford co-eds are weird decora
tions.
An ill-born practice, initiated by a
few masculine sisters of the campus,
was delivered a well-deserved blow
yesterday evening by the Women's
Council. The startling sight of a
herd of amazons en masse from var
ious sorority houses attending func
tions uninvited and unwelcome, surely
seems a breach of good etiquette es
pecially when the raid involves
kitchen defense. According to a writ
ten ruling such action ist verboten.
No doubt from the outside peering in,
a dance is a charming function, but
on the other hand, from the inside
looking out the flattened noses of
Stanford co-eds are weird decora
tions.
An ill-born practice, initiated by a
few masculine sisters of the campus,
was delivered a well-deserved blow
yesterday evening by the Women's
Council. The startling sight of a
herd of amazons en masse from var
ious sorority houses attending func
tions uninvited and unwelcome, surely
seems a breach of good etiquette es
pecially when the raid involves
kitchen defense. According to a writ
ten ruling such action ist verboten.
No doubt from the outside peering in,
a dance is a charming function, but
on the other hand, from the inside
looking out the flattened noses of
Stanford co-eds are weird decora
tions.
