# New Students Entertained by Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur
## 
### 
President and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wil
bur were at home today at their resi
dence on Bryant street, Palo Alto.
The reception was held for new stu
dents of Stanford, and for members
of both the Men's and Women's Con
ference. Through the medium of to
day's reception undergraduates were
able personally to come in contact
with their president, and learn to
know him better.
President and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wil
bur were at home today at their resi
dence on Bryant street, Palo Alto.
The reception was held for new stu
dents of Stanford, and for members
of both the Men's and Women's Con
ference. Through the medium of to
day's reception undergraduates were
able personally to come in contact
with their president, and learn to
know him better.
President and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wil
bur were at home today at their resi
dence on Bryant street, Palo Alto.
The reception was held for new stu
dents of Stanford, and for members
of both the Men's and Women's Con
ference. Through the medium of to
day's reception undergraduates were
able personally to come in contact
with their president, and learn to
know him better.
President and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wil
bur were at home today at their resi
dence on Bryant street, Palo Alto.
The reception was held for new stu
dents of Stanford, and for members
of both the Men's and Women's Con
ference. Through the medium of to
day's reception undergraduates were
able personally to come in contact
with their president, and learn to
know him better.
President and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wil
bur were at home today at their resi
dence on Bryant street, Palo Alto.
The reception was held for new stu
dents of Stanford, and for members
of both the Men's and Women's Con
ference. Through the medium of to
day's reception undergraduates were
able personally to come in contact
with their president, and learn to
know him better.
President and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wil
bur were at home today at their resi
dence on Bryant street, Palo Alto.
The reception was held for new stu
dents of Stanford, and for members
of both the Men's and Women's Con
ference. Through the medium of to
day's reception undergraduates were
able personally to come in contact
with their president, and learn to
know him better.
President and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wil
bur were at home today at their resi
dence on Bryant street, Palo Alto.
The reception was held for new stu
dents of Stanford, and for members
of both the Men's and Women's Con
ference. Through the medium of to
day's reception undergraduates were
able personally to come in contact
with their president, and learn to
know him better.
President and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wil
bur were at home today at their resi
dence on Bryant street, Palo Alto.
The reception was held for new stu
dents of Stanford, and for members
of both the Men's and Women's Con
ference. Through the medium of to
day's reception undergraduates were
able personally to come in contact
with their president, and learn to
know him better.
President and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wil
bur were at home today at their resi
dence on Bryant street, Palo Alto.
The reception was held for new stu
dents of Stanford, and for members
of both the Men's and Women's Con
ference. Through the medium of to
day's reception undergraduates were
able personally to come in contact
with their president, and learn to
know him better.
President and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wil
bur were at home today at their resi
dence on Bryant street, Palo Alto.
The reception was held for new stu
dents of Stanford, and for members
of both the Men's and Women's Con
ference. Through the medium of to
day's reception undergraduates were
able personally to come in contact
with their president, and learn to
know him better.
President and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wil
bur were at home today at their resi
dence on Bryant street, Palo Alto.
The reception was held for new stu
dents of Stanford, and for members
of both the Men's and Women's Con
ference. Through the medium of to
day's reception undergraduates were
able personally to come in contact
with their president, and learn to
know him better.
President and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wil
bur were at home today at their resi
dence on Bryant street, Palo Alto.
The reception was held for new stu
dents of Stanford, and for members
of both the Men's and Women's Con
ference. Through the medium of to
day's reception undergraduates were
able personally to come in contact
with their president, and learn to
know him better.
President and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wil
bur were at home today at their resi
dence on Bryant street, Palo Alto.
The reception was held for new stu
dents of Stanford, and for members
of both the Men's and Women's Con
ference. Through the medium of to
day's reception undergraduates were
able personally to come in contact
with their president, and learn to
know him better.
President and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wil
bur were at home today at their resi
dence on Bryant street, Palo Alto.
The reception was held for new stu
dents of Stanford, and for members
of both the Men's and Women's Con
ference. Through the medium of to
day's reception undergraduates were
able personally to come in contact
with their president, and learn to
know him better.
