# Pensacola Game Canceled.
## 
### 
The baseball game with the Pen
sacola team scheduled for this
afternoon was canceled on account
of rain. The next game will take
place on Saturday between the
Varsity and St. Mary's College.
The baseball game with the Pen
sacola team scheduled for this
afternoon was canceled on account
of rain. The next game will take
place on Saturday between the
Varsity and St. Mary's College.
The baseball game with the Pen
sacola team scheduled for this
afternoon was canceled on account
of rain. The next game will take
place on Saturday between the
Varsity and St. Mary's College.
The baseball game with the Pen
sacola team scheduled for this
afternoon was canceled on account
of rain. The next game will take
place on Saturday between the
Varsity and St. Mary's College.
The baseball game with the Pen
sacola team scheduled for this
afternoon was canceled on account
of rain. The next game will take
place on Saturday between the
Varsity and St. Mary's College.
The baseball game with the Pen
sacola team scheduled for this
afternoon was canceled on account
of rain. The next game will take
place on Saturday between the
Varsity and St. Mary's College.
The baseball game with the Pen
sacola team scheduled for this
afternoon was canceled on account
of rain. The next game will take
place on Saturday between the
Varsity and St. Mary's College.
The baseball game with the Pen
sacola team scheduled for this
afternoon was canceled on account
of rain. The next game will take
place on Saturday between the
Varsity and St. Mary's College.
