# Adv. 64 Page 20
## 
### 
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless if s a
resoled
tennis shoe.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ecj2
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
$ l OO OFF
WITH S.U. I.D.
GOOD THRU FINALS WEEK
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless if s a
resoled
tennis shoe.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ecj2
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
$ l OO OFF
WITH S.U. I.D.
GOOD THRU FINALS WEEK
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless if s a
resoled
tennis shoe.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ecj2
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
$ l OO OFF
WITH S.U. I.D.
GOOD THRU FINALS WEEK
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless if s a
resoled
tennis shoe.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ecj2
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
$ l OO OFF
WITH S.U. I.D.
GOOD THRU FINALS WEEK
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless if s a
resoled
tennis shoe.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ecj2
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
$ l OO OFF
WITH S.U. I.D.
GOOD THRU FINALS WEEK
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless if s a
resoled
tennis shoe.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ecj2
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
$ l OO OFF
WITH S.U. I.D.
GOOD THRU FINALS WEEK
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless if s a
resoled
tennis shoe.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ecj2
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
$ l OO OFF
WITH S.U. I.D.
GOOD THRU FINALS WEEK
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless if s a
resoled
tennis shoe.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ecj2
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
$ l OO OFF
WITH S.U. I.D.
GOOD THRU FINALS WEEK
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless if s a
resoled
tennis shoe.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ecj2
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
$ l OO OFF
WITH S.U. I.D.
GOOD THRU FINALS WEEK
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless if s a
resoled
tennis shoe.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ecj2
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
$ l OO OFF
WITH S.U. I.D.
GOOD THRU FINALS WEEK
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless if s a
resoled
tennis shoe.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ecj2
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
$ l OO OFF
WITH S.U. I.D.
GOOD THRU FINALS WEEK
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless if s a
resoled
tennis shoe.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ecj2
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
$ l OO OFF
WITH S.U. I.D.
GOOD THRU FINALS WEEK
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless if s a
resoled
tennis shoe.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ecj2
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
$ l OO OFF
WITH S.U. I.D.
GOOD THRU FINALS WEEK
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless if s a
resoled
tennis shoe.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ecj2
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
$ l OO OFF
WITH S.U. I.D.
GOOD THRU FINALS WEEK
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless if s a
resoled
tennis shoe.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ecj2
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
$ l OO OFF
WITH S.U. I.D.
GOOD THRU FINALS WEEK
