# Adv. 86 Page 22
## 
### 
Cx^V^ore
couples
coma to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are subitant ially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Catlule
U JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Cx^V^ore
couples
coma to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are subitant ially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Catlule
U JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Cx^V^ore
couples
coma to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are subitant ially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Catlule
U JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Cx^V^ore
couples
coma to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are subitant ially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Catlule
U JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Cx^V^ore
couples
coma to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are subitant ially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Catlule
U JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Cx^V^ore
couples
coma to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are subitant ially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Catlule
U JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Cx^V^ore
couples
coma to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are subitant ially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Catlule
U JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Cx^V^ore
couples
coma to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are subitant ially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Catlule
U JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Cx^V^ore
couples
coma to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are subitant ially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Catlule
U JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Cx^V^ore
couples
coma to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are subitant ially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Catlule
U JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Cx^V^ore
couples
coma to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are subitant ially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Catlule
U JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Cx^V^ore
couples
coma to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are subitant ially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Catlule
U JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Cx^V^ore
couples
coma to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are subitant ially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Catlule
U JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Cx^V^ore
couples
coma to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are subitant ially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Catlule
U JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Cx^V^ore
couples
coma to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are subitant ially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Catlule
U JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
