# Pool Hours
## 
### 
In the interest of saving
fuel, the DeGuerre Pools will
be closed for recreational
swimming Dec. 14—Jan. 5. For
the remainder of the cold
season, the pool will be open
noon-2 p.m. Monday through
Friday and closed Saturday
and Sunday, except Dec. 7-8,
when it will be open from
noon to 4 p.m.
In the interest of saving
fuel, the DeGuerre Pools will
be closed for recreational
swimming Dec. 14—Jan. 5. For
the remainder of the cold
season, the pool will be open
noon-2 p.m. Monday through
Friday and closed Saturday
and Sunday, except Dec. 7-8,
when it will be open from
noon to 4 p.m.
In the interest of saving
fuel, the DeGuerre Pools will
be closed for recreational
swimming Dec. 14—Jan. 5. For
the remainder of the cold
season, the pool will be open
noon-2 p.m. Monday through
Friday and closed Saturday
and Sunday, except Dec. 7-8,
when it will be open from
noon to 4 p.m.
In the interest of saving
fuel, the DeGuerre Pools will
be closed for recreational
swimming Dec. 14—Jan. 5. For
the remainder of the cold
season, the pool will be open
noon-2 p.m. Monday through
Friday and closed Saturday
and Sunday, except Dec. 7-8,
when it will be open from
noon to 4 p.m.
In the interest of saving
fuel, the DeGuerre Pools will
be closed for recreational
swimming Dec. 14—Jan. 5. For
the remainder of the cold
season, the pool will be open
noon-2 p.m. Monday through
Friday and closed Saturday
and Sunday, except Dec. 7-8,
when it will be open from
noon to 4 p.m.
In the interest of saving
fuel, the DeGuerre Pools will
be closed for recreational
swimming Dec. 14—Jan. 5. For
the remainder of the cold
season, the pool will be open
noon-2 p.m. Monday through
Friday and closed Saturday
and Sunday, except Dec. 7-8,
when it will be open from
noon to 4 p.m.
In the interest of saving
fuel, the DeGuerre Pools will
be closed for recreational
swimming Dec. 14—Jan. 5. For
the remainder of the cold
season, the pool will be open
noon-2 p.m. Monday through
Friday and closed Saturday
and Sunday, except Dec. 7-8,
when it will be open from
noon to 4 p.m.
In the interest of saving
fuel, the DeGuerre Pools will
be closed for recreational
swimming Dec. 14—Jan. 5. For
the remainder of the cold
season, the pool will be open
noon-2 p.m. Monday through
Friday and closed Saturday
and Sunday, except Dec. 7-8,
when it will be open from
noon to 4 p.m.
In the interest of saving
fuel, the DeGuerre Pools will
be closed for recreational
swimming Dec. 14—Jan. 5. For
the remainder of the cold
season, the pool will be open
noon-2 p.m. Monday through
Friday and closed Saturday
and Sunday, except Dec. 7-8,
when it will be open from
noon to 4 p.m.
In the interest of saving
fuel, the DeGuerre Pools will
be closed for recreational
swimming Dec. 14—Jan. 5. For
the remainder of the cold
season, the pool will be open
noon-2 p.m. Monday through
Friday and closed Saturday
and Sunday, except Dec. 7-8,
when it will be open from
noon to 4 p.m.
In the interest of saving
fuel, the DeGuerre Pools will
be closed for recreational
swimming Dec. 14—Jan. 5. For
the remainder of the cold
season, the pool will be open
noon-2 p.m. Monday through
Friday and closed Saturday
and Sunday, except Dec. 7-8,
when it will be open from
noon to 4 p.m.
In the interest of saving
fuel, the DeGuerre Pools will
be closed for recreational
swimming Dec. 14—Jan. 5. For
the remainder of the cold
season, the pool will be open
noon-2 p.m. Monday through
Friday and closed Saturday
and Sunday, except Dec. 7-8,
when it will be open from
noon to 4 p.m.
In the interest of saving
fuel, the DeGuerre Pools will
be closed for recreational
swimming Dec. 14—Jan. 5. For
the remainder of the cold
season, the pool will be open
noon-2 p.m. Monday through
Friday and closed Saturday
and Sunday, except Dec. 7-8,
when it will be open from
noon to 4 p.m.
In the interest of saving
fuel, the DeGuerre Pools will
be closed for recreational
swimming Dec. 14—Jan. 5. For
the remainder of the cold
season, the pool will be open
noon-2 p.m. Monday through
Friday and closed Saturday
and Sunday, except Dec. 7-8,
when it will be open from
noon to 4 p.m.
In the interest of saving
fuel, the DeGuerre Pools will
be closed for recreational
swimming Dec. 14—Jan. 5. For
the remainder of the cold
season, the pool will be open
noon-2 p.m. Monday through
Friday and closed Saturday
and Sunday, except Dec. 7-8,
when it will be open from
noon to 4 p.m.
