# Rugby Saturday Morning.
## 
### 
Exciting exhibitions of rugby, Satur
day morning, on Stanford Field. Palo
Alto vs. San Mateo, at 9:30. Man
zai'ta vs. Tamalpals at 10:30.
Exciting exhibitions of rugby, Satur
day morning, on Stanford Field. Palo
Alto vs. San Mateo, at 9:30. Man
zai'ta vs. Tamalpals at 10:30.
Exciting exhibitions of rugby, Satur
day morning, on Stanford Field. Palo
Alto vs. San Mateo, at 9:30. Man
zai'ta vs. Tamalpals at 10:30.
Exciting exhibitions of rugby, Satur
day morning, on Stanford Field. Palo
Alto vs. San Mateo, at 9:30. Man
zai'ta vs. Tamalpals at 10:30.
Exciting exhibitions of rugby, Satur
day morning, on Stanford Field. Palo
Alto vs. San Mateo, at 9:30. Man
zai'ta vs. Tamalpals at 10:30.
Exciting exhibitions of rugby, Satur
day morning, on Stanford Field. Palo
Alto vs. San Mateo, at 9:30. Man
zai'ta vs. Tamalpals at 10:30.
Exciting exhibitions of rugby, Satur
day morning, on Stanford Field. Palo
Alto vs. San Mateo, at 9:30. Man
zai'ta vs. Tamalpals at 10:30.
Exciting exhibitions of rugby, Satur
day morning, on Stanford Field. Palo
Alto vs. San Mateo, at 9:30. Man
zai'ta vs. Tamalpals at 10:30.
Exciting exhibitions of rugby, Satur
day morning, on Stanford Field. Palo
Alto vs. San Mateo, at 9:30. Man
zai'ta vs. Tamalpals at 10:30.
Exciting exhibitions of rugby, Satur
day morning, on Stanford Field. Palo
Alto vs. San Mateo, at 9:30. Man
zai'ta vs. Tamalpals at 10:30.
Exciting exhibitions of rugby, Satur
day morning, on Stanford Field. Palo
Alto vs. San Mateo, at 9:30. Man
zai'ta vs. Tamalpals at 10:30.
Exciting exhibitions of rugby, Satur
day morning, on Stanford Field. Palo
Alto vs. San Mateo, at 9:30. Man
zai'ta vs. Tamalpals at 10:30.
