# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
you must
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
you must
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
you must
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
you must
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
you must
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
you must
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
you must
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
you must
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
you must
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
you must
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
you must
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
you must
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
you must
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
you must
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
you must
