# Adv. 18 Page 4
## 
### 
MISS CARRIE LEWIS' Friday night
class for students in society danc
ing has been changed to meet in
Unitarian Hall, Cowper and Chan
ning, one block from Woman's Club
House. Studio 730 Cowper. Phone
710-M.
MISS CARRIE LEWIS' Friday night
class for students in society danc
ing has been changed to meet in
Unitarian Hall, Cowper and Chan
ning, one block from Woman's Club
House. Studio 730 Cowper. Phone
710-M.
MISS CARRIE LEWIS' Friday night
class for students in society danc
ing has been changed to meet in
Unitarian Hall, Cowper and Chan
ning, one block from Woman's Club
House. Studio 730 Cowper. Phone
710-M.
MISS CARRIE LEWIS' Friday night
class for students in society danc
ing has been changed to meet in
Unitarian Hall, Cowper and Chan
ning, one block from Woman's Club
House. Studio 730 Cowper. Phone
710-M.
MISS CARRIE LEWIS' Friday night
class for students in society danc
ing has been changed to meet in
Unitarian Hall, Cowper and Chan
ning, one block from Woman's Club
House. Studio 730 Cowper. Phone
710-M.
MISS CARRIE LEWIS' Friday night
class for students in society danc
ing has been changed to meet in
Unitarian Hall, Cowper and Chan
ning, one block from Woman's Club
House. Studio 730 Cowper. Phone
710-M.
MISS CARRIE LEWIS' Friday night
class for students in society danc
ing has been changed to meet in
Unitarian Hall, Cowper and Chan
ning, one block from Woman's Club
House. Studio 730 Cowper. Phone
710-M.
MISS CARRIE LEWIS' Friday night
class for students in society danc
ing has been changed to meet in
Unitarian Hall, Cowper and Chan
ning, one block from Woman's Club
House. Studio 730 Cowper. Phone
710-M.
MISS CARRIE LEWIS' Friday night
class for students in society danc
ing has been changed to meet in
Unitarian Hall, Cowper and Chan
ning, one block from Woman's Club
House. Studio 730 Cowper. Phone
710-M.
MISS CARRIE LEWIS' Friday night
class for students in society danc
ing has been changed to meet in
Unitarian Hall, Cowper and Chan
ning, one block from Woman's Club
House. Studio 730 Cowper. Phone
710-M.
MISS CARRIE LEWIS' Friday night
class for students in society danc
ing has been changed to meet in
Unitarian Hall, Cowper and Chan
ning, one block from Woman's Club
House. Studio 730 Cowper. Phone
710-M.
MISS CARRIE LEWIS' Friday night
class for students in society danc
ing has been changed to meet in
Unitarian Hall, Cowper and Chan
ning, one block from Woman's Club
House. Studio 730 Cowper. Phone
710-M.
MISS CARRIE LEWIS' Friday night
class for students in society danc
ing has been changed to meet in
Unitarian Hall, Cowper and Chan
ning, one block from Woman's Club
House. Studio 730 Cowper. Phone
710-M.
MISS CARRIE LEWIS' Friday night
class for students in society danc
ing has been changed to meet in
Unitarian Hall, Cowper and Chan
ning, one block from Woman's Club
House. Studio 730 Cowper. Phone
710-M.
MISS CARRIE LEWIS' Friday night
class for students in society danc
ing has been changed to meet in
Unitarian Hall, Cowper and Chan
ning, one block from Woman's Club
House. Studio 730 Cowper. Phone
710-M.
