# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
EVERYTHING
FOR YOUR
CAMERA
. . . wc can furnish you with
everything needed to take pic
tures. You snap it—we'll de
velop and print it to your com
plete satisfaction.
• Cood Service
• Cood Merchandise
• Reasonable Prices
THE
CAMERA SHOP
309 University Ave.
EVERYTHING
FOR YOUR
CAMERA
. . . wc can furnish you with
everything needed to take pic
tures. You snap it—we'll de
velop and print it to your com
plete satisfaction.
• Cood Service
• Cood Merchandise
• Reasonable Prices
THE
CAMERA SHOP
309 University Ave.
EVERYTHING
FOR YOUR
CAMERA
. . . wc can furnish you with
everything needed to take pic
tures. You snap it—we'll de
velop and print it to your com
plete satisfaction.
• Cood Service
• Cood Merchandise
• Reasonable Prices
THE
CAMERA SHOP
309 University Ave.
EVERYTHING
FOR YOUR
CAMERA
. . . wc can furnish you with
everything needed to take pic
tures. You snap it—we'll de
velop and print it to your com
plete satisfaction.
• Cood Service
• Cood Merchandise
• Reasonable Prices
THE
CAMERA SHOP
309 University Ave.
EVERYTHING
FOR YOUR
CAMERA
. . . wc can furnish you with
everything needed to take pic
tures. You snap it—we'll de
velop and print it to your com
plete satisfaction.
• Cood Service
• Cood Merchandise
• Reasonable Prices
THE
CAMERA SHOP
309 University Ave.
EVERYTHING
FOR YOUR
CAMERA
. . . wc can furnish you with
everything needed to take pic
tures. You snap it—we'll de
velop and print it to your com
plete satisfaction.
• Cood Service
• Cood Merchandise
• Reasonable Prices
THE
CAMERA SHOP
309 University Ave.
EVERYTHING
FOR YOUR
CAMERA
. . . wc can furnish you with
everything needed to take pic
tures. You snap it—we'll de
velop and print it to your com
plete satisfaction.
• Cood Service
• Cood Merchandise
• Reasonable Prices
THE
CAMERA SHOP
309 University Ave.
EVERYTHING
FOR YOUR
CAMERA
. . . wc can furnish you with
everything needed to take pic
tures. You snap it—we'll de
velop and print it to your com
plete satisfaction.
• Cood Service
• Cood Merchandise
• Reasonable Prices
THE
CAMERA SHOP
309 University Ave.
EVERYTHING
FOR YOUR
CAMERA
. . . wc can furnish you with
everything needed to take pic
tures. You snap it—we'll de
velop and print it to your com
plete satisfaction.
• Cood Service
• Cood Merchandise
• Reasonable Prices
THE
CAMERA SHOP
309 University Ave.
EVERYTHING
FOR YOUR
CAMERA
. . . wc can furnish you with
everything needed to take pic
tures. You snap it—we'll de
velop and print it to your com
plete satisfaction.
• Cood Service
• Cood Merchandise
• Reasonable Prices
THE
CAMERA SHOP
309 University Ave.
EVERYTHING
FOR YOUR
CAMERA
. . . wc can furnish you with
everything needed to take pic
tures. You snap it—we'll de
velop and print it to your com
plete satisfaction.
• Cood Service
• Cood Merchandise
• Reasonable Prices
THE
CAMERA SHOP
309 University Ave.
EVERYTHING
FOR YOUR
CAMERA
. . . wc can furnish you with
everything needed to take pic
tures. You snap it—we'll de
velop and print it to your com
plete satisfaction.
• Cood Service
• Cood Merchandise
• Reasonable Prices
THE
CAMERA SHOP
309 University Ave.
EVERYTHING
FOR YOUR
CAMERA
. . . wc can furnish you with
everything needed to take pic
tures. You snap it—we'll de
velop and print it to your com
plete satisfaction.
• Cood Service
• Cood Merchandise
• Reasonable Prices
THE
CAMERA SHOP
309 University Ave.
EVERYTHING
FOR YOUR
CAMERA
. . . wc can furnish you with
everything needed to take pic
tures. You snap it—we'll de
velop and print it to your com
plete satisfaction.
• Cood Service
• Cood Merchandise
• Reasonable Prices
THE
CAMERA SHOP
309 University Ave.
EVERYTHING
FOR YOUR
CAMERA
. . . wc can furnish you with
everything needed to take pic
tures. You snap it—we'll de
velop and print it to your com
plete satisfaction.
• Cood Service
• Cood Merchandise
• Reasonable Prices
THE
CAMERA SHOP
309 University Ave.
EVERYTHING
FOR YOUR
CAMERA
. . . wc can furnish you with
everything needed to take pic
tures. You snap it—we'll de
velop and print it to your com
plete satisfaction.
• Cood Service
• Cood Merchandise
• Reasonable Prices
THE
CAMERA SHOP
309 University Ave.
EVERYTHING
FOR YOUR
CAMERA
. . . wc can furnish you with
everything needed to take pic
tures. You snap it—we'll de
velop and print it to your com
plete satisfaction.
• Cood Service
• Cood Merchandise
• Reasonable Prices
THE
CAMERA SHOP
309 University Ave.
EVERYTHING
FOR YOUR
CAMERA
. . . wc can furnish you with
everything needed to take pic
tures. You snap it—we'll de
velop and print it to your com
plete satisfaction.
• Cood Service
• Cood Merchandise
• Reasonable Prices
THE
CAMERA SHOP
309 University Ave.
