# Adv. 13 Page 3
## 
### 
STANFORD
SPECIAL!
Combination
Sandwich & Shake
25c
Stop by in the evening
and sample our sundaes
and sodas. Our ice cream
will make you a Carnation
fan.
15 FLAVORS
To Choose From!
FOUIITRIII FOODS
ON THE CIRCLE^P*"* " t O
STANFORD
SPECIAL!
Combination
Sandwich & Shake
25c
Stop by in the evening
and sample our sundaes
and sodas. Our ice cream
will make you a Carnation
fan.
15 FLAVORS
To Choose From!
FOUIITRIII FOODS
ON THE CIRCLE^P*"* " t O
STANFORD
SPECIAL!
Combination
Sandwich & Shake
25c
Stop by in the evening
and sample our sundaes
and sodas. Our ice cream
will make you a Carnation
fan.
15 FLAVORS
To Choose From!
FOUIITRIII FOODS
ON THE CIRCLE^P*"* " t O
STANFORD
SPECIAL!
Combination
Sandwich & Shake
25c
Stop by in the evening
and sample our sundaes
and sodas. Our ice cream
will make you a Carnation
fan.
15 FLAVORS
To Choose From!
FOUIITRIII FOODS
ON THE CIRCLE^P*"* " t O
STANFORD
SPECIAL!
Combination
Sandwich & Shake
25c
Stop by in the evening
and sample our sundaes
and sodas. Our ice cream
will make you a Carnation
fan.
15 FLAVORS
To Choose From!
FOUIITRIII FOODS
ON THE CIRCLE^P*"* " t O
STANFORD
SPECIAL!
Combination
Sandwich & Shake
25c
Stop by in the evening
and sample our sundaes
and sodas. Our ice cream
will make you a Carnation
fan.
15 FLAVORS
To Choose From!
FOUIITRIII FOODS
ON THE CIRCLE^P*"* " t O
STANFORD
SPECIAL!
Combination
Sandwich & Shake
25c
Stop by in the evening
and sample our sundaes
and sodas. Our ice cream
will make you a Carnation
fan.
15 FLAVORS
To Choose From!
FOUIITRIII FOODS
ON THE CIRCLE^P*"* " t O
STANFORD
SPECIAL!
Combination
Sandwich & Shake
25c
Stop by in the evening
and sample our sundaes
and sodas. Our ice cream
will make you a Carnation
fan.
15 FLAVORS
To Choose From!
FOUIITRIII FOODS
ON THE CIRCLE^P*"* " t O
STANFORD
SPECIAL!
Combination
Sandwich & Shake
25c
Stop by in the evening
and sample our sundaes
and sodas. Our ice cream
will make you a Carnation
fan.
15 FLAVORS
To Choose From!
FOUIITRIII FOODS
ON THE CIRCLE^P*"* " t O
STANFORD
SPECIAL!
Combination
Sandwich & Shake
25c
Stop by in the evening
and sample our sundaes
and sodas. Our ice cream
will make you a Carnation
fan.
15 FLAVORS
To Choose From!
FOUIITRIII FOODS
ON THE CIRCLE^P*"* " t O
STANFORD
SPECIAL!
Combination
Sandwich & Shake
25c
Stop by in the evening
and sample our sundaes
and sodas. Our ice cream
will make you a Carnation
fan.
15 FLAVORS
To Choose From!
FOUIITRIII FOODS
ON THE CIRCLE^P*"* " t O
STANFORD
SPECIAL!
Combination
Sandwich & Shake
25c
Stop by in the evening
and sample our sundaes
and sodas. Our ice cream
will make you a Carnation
fan.
15 FLAVORS
To Choose From!
FOUIITRIII FOODS
ON THE CIRCLE^P*"* " t O
STANFORD
SPECIAL!
Combination
Sandwich & Shake
25c
Stop by in the evening
and sample our sundaes
and sodas. Our ice cream
will make you a Carnation
fan.
15 FLAVORS
To Choose From!
FOUIITRIII FOODS
ON THE CIRCLE^P*"* " t O
STANFORD
SPECIAL!
Combination
Sandwich & Shake
25c
Stop by in the evening
and sample our sundaes
and sodas. Our ice cream
will make you a Carnation
fan.
15 FLAVORS
To Choose From!
FOUIITRIII FOODS
ON THE CIRCLE^P*"* " t O
STANFORD
SPECIAL!
Combination
Sandwich & Shake
25c
Stop by in the evening
and sample our sundaes
and sodas. Our ice cream
will make you a Carnation
fan.
15 FLAVORS
To Choose From!
FOUIITRIII FOODS
ON THE CIRCLE^P*"* " t O
STANFORD
SPECIAL!
Combination
Sandwich & Shake
25c
Stop by in the evening
and sample our sundaes
and sodas. Our ice cream
will make you a Carnation
fan.
15 FLAVORS
To Choose From!
FOUIITRIII FOODS
ON THE CIRCLE^P*"* " t O
STANFORD
SPECIAL!
Combination
Sandwich & Shake
25c
Stop by in the evening
and sample our sundaes
and sodas. Our ice cream
will make you a Carnation
fan.
15 FLAVORS
To Choose From!
FOUIITRIII FOODS
ON THE CIRCLE^P*"* " t O
STANFORD
SPECIAL!
Combination
Sandwich & Shake
25c
Stop by in the evening
and sample our sundaes
and sodas. Our ice cream
will make you a Carnation
fan.
15 FLAVORS
To Choose From!
FOUIITRIII FOODS
ON THE CIRCLE^P*"* " t O
