# BOOKS TO SOLDIERS
## 
### 
Motorized units of the WPA li
brarians are supplying books to army
camps.
Motorized units of the WPA li
brarians are supplying books to army
camps.
Motorized units of the WPA li
brarians are supplying books to army
camps.
Motorized units of the WPA li
brarians are supplying books to army
camps.
Motorized units of the WPA li
brarians are supplying books to army
camps.
Motorized units of the WPA li
brarians are supplying books to army
camps.
Motorized units of the WPA li
brarians are supplying books to army
camps.
Motorized units of the WPA li
brarians are supplying books to army
camps.
Motorized units of the WPA li
brarians are supplying books to army
camps.
Motorized units of the WPA li
brarians are supplying books to army
camps.
Motorized units of the WPA li
brarians are supplying books to army
camps.
Motorized units of the WPA li
brarians are supplying books to army
camps.
Motorized units of the WPA li
brarians are supplying books to army
camps.
Motorized units of the WPA li
brarians are supplying books to army
camps.
Motorized units of the WPA li
brarians are supplying books to army
camps.
Motorized units of the WPA li
brarians are supplying books to army
camps.
Motorized units of the WPA li
brarians are supplying books to army
camps.
Motorized units of the WPA li
brarians are supplying books to army
camps.
