# Deadline Arrives For Pie Chuggers
## 
### 
Deadline for entering teams in
Saturday's all-campus pie-eating
contest is today. Any campus
group, residence or club, may en
ter a four-man pie-eating relay
team by phoning Jim Conti at
Chi Psi. Tomorrow is the dead
line for payment of $7.50 entry
fes, which cover the cost of all
pies consumed by entrants as
well as eligibility for the $100
first prize.
The contest will be held after
the UCLA game Saturday at Chi
Psi. To date, more than 25 teams
arc entered.
For more information, phone
Conti at DA 3-8718.
Deadline for entering teams in
Saturday's all-campus pie-eating
contest is today. Any campus
group, residence or club, may en
ter a four-man pie-eating relay
team by phoning Jim Conti at
Chi Psi. Tomorrow is the dead
line for payment of $7.50 entry
fes, which cover the cost of all
pies consumed by entrants as
well as eligibility for the $100
first prize.
The contest will be held after
the UCLA game Saturday at Chi
Psi. To date, more than 25 teams
arc entered.
For more information, phone
Conti at DA 3-8718.
Deadline for entering teams in
Saturday's all-campus pie-eating
contest is today. Any campus
group, residence or club, may en
ter a four-man pie-eating relay
team by phoning Jim Conti at
Chi Psi. Tomorrow is the dead
line for payment of $7.50 entry
fes, which cover the cost of all
pies consumed by entrants as
well as eligibility for the $100
first prize.
The contest will be held after
the UCLA game Saturday at Chi
Psi. To date, more than 25 teams
arc entered.
For more information, phone
Conti at DA 3-8718.
Deadline for entering teams in
Saturday's all-campus pie-eating
contest is today. Any campus
group, residence or club, may en
ter a four-man pie-eating relay
team by phoning Jim Conti at
Chi Psi. Tomorrow is the dead
line for payment of $7.50 entry
fes, which cover the cost of all
pies consumed by entrants as
well as eligibility for the $100
first prize.
The contest will be held after
the UCLA game Saturday at Chi
Psi. To date, more than 25 teams
arc entered.
For more information, phone
Conti at DA 3-8718.
Deadline for entering teams in
Saturday's all-campus pie-eating
contest is today. Any campus
group, residence or club, may en
ter a four-man pie-eating relay
team by phoning Jim Conti at
Chi Psi. Tomorrow is the dead
line for payment of $7.50 entry
fes, which cover the cost of all
pies consumed by entrants as
well as eligibility for the $100
first prize.
The contest will be held after
the UCLA game Saturday at Chi
Psi. To date, more than 25 teams
arc entered.
For more information, phone
Conti at DA 3-8718.
Deadline for entering teams in
Saturday's all-campus pie-eating
contest is today. Any campus
group, residence or club, may en
ter a four-man pie-eating relay
team by phoning Jim Conti at
Chi Psi. Tomorrow is the dead
line for payment of $7.50 entry
fes, which cover the cost of all
pies consumed by entrants as
well as eligibility for the $100
first prize.
The contest will be held after
the UCLA game Saturday at Chi
Psi. To date, more than 25 teams
arc entered.
For more information, phone
Conti at DA 3-8718.
Deadline for entering teams in
Saturday's all-campus pie-eating
contest is today. Any campus
group, residence or club, may en
ter a four-man pie-eating relay
team by phoning Jim Conti at
Chi Psi. Tomorrow is the dead
line for payment of $7.50 entry
fes, which cover the cost of all
pies consumed by entrants as
well as eligibility for the $100
first prize.
The contest will be held after
the UCLA game Saturday at Chi
Psi. To date, more than 25 teams
arc entered.
For more information, phone
Conti at DA 3-8718.
Deadline for entering teams in
Saturday's all-campus pie-eating
contest is today. Any campus
group, residence or club, may en
ter a four-man pie-eating relay
team by phoning Jim Conti at
Chi Psi. Tomorrow is the dead
line for payment of $7.50 entry
fes, which cover the cost of all
pies consumed by entrants as
well as eligibility for the $100
first prize.
The contest will be held after
the UCLA game Saturday at Chi
Psi. To date, more than 25 teams
arc entered.
For more information, phone
Conti at DA 3-8718.
Deadline for entering teams in
Saturday's all-campus pie-eating
contest is today. Any campus
group, residence or club, may en
ter a four-man pie-eating relay
team by phoning Jim Conti at
Chi Psi. Tomorrow is the dead
line for payment of $7.50 entry
fes, which cover the cost of all
pies consumed by entrants as
well as eligibility for the $100
first prize.
The contest will be held after
the UCLA game Saturday at Chi
Psi. To date, more than 25 teams
arc entered.
For more information, phone
Conti at DA 3-8718.
Deadline for entering teams in
Saturday's all-campus pie-eating
contest is today. Any campus
group, residence or club, may en
ter a four-man pie-eating relay
team by phoning Jim Conti at
Chi Psi. Tomorrow is the dead
line for payment of $7.50 entry
fes, which cover the cost of all
pies consumed by entrants as
well as eligibility for the $100
first prize.
The contest will be held after
the UCLA game Saturday at Chi
Psi. To date, more than 25 teams
arc entered.
For more information, phone
Conti at DA 3-8718.
Deadline for entering teams in
Saturday's all-campus pie-eating
contest is today. Any campus
group, residence or club, may en
ter a four-man pie-eating relay
team by phoning Jim Conti at
Chi Psi. Tomorrow is the dead
line for payment of $7.50 entry
fes, which cover the cost of all
pies consumed by entrants as
well as eligibility for the $100
first prize.
The contest will be held after
the UCLA game Saturday at Chi
Psi. To date, more than 25 teams
arc entered.
For more information, phone
Conti at DA 3-8718.
Deadline for entering teams in
Saturday's all-campus pie-eating
contest is today. Any campus
group, residence or club, may en
ter a four-man pie-eating relay
team by phoning Jim Conti at
Chi Psi. Tomorrow is the dead
line for payment of $7.50 entry
fes, which cover the cost of all
pies consumed by entrants as
well as eligibility for the $100
first prize.
The contest will be held after
the UCLA game Saturday at Chi
Psi. To date, more than 25 teams
arc entered.
For more information, phone
Conti at DA 3-8718.
Deadline for entering teams in
Saturday's all-campus pie-eating
contest is today. Any campus
group, residence or club, may en
ter a four-man pie-eating relay
team by phoning Jim Conti at
Chi Psi. Tomorrow is the dead
line for payment of $7.50 entry
fes, which cover the cost of all
pies consumed by entrants as
well as eligibility for the $100
first prize.
The contest will be held after
the UCLA game Saturday at Chi
Psi. To date, more than 25 teams
arc entered.
For more information, phone
Conti at DA 3-8718.
Deadline for entering teams in
Saturday's all-campus pie-eating
contest is today. Any campus
group, residence or club, may en
ter a four-man pie-eating relay
team by phoning Jim Conti at
Chi Psi. Tomorrow is the dead
line for payment of $7.50 entry
fes, which cover the cost of all
pies consumed by entrants as
well as eligibility for the $100
first prize.
The contest will be held after
the UCLA game Saturday at Chi
Psi. To date, more than 25 teams
arc entered.
For more information, phone
Conti at DA 3-8718.
Deadline for entering teams in
Saturday's all-campus pie-eating
contest is today. Any campus
group, residence or club, may en
ter a four-man pie-eating relay
team by phoning Jim Conti at
Chi Psi. Tomorrow is the dead
line for payment of $7.50 entry
fes, which cover the cost of all
pies consumed by entrants as
well as eligibility for the $100
first prize.
The contest will be held after
the UCLA game Saturday at Chi
Psi. To date, more than 25 teams
arc entered.
For more information, phone
Conti at DA 3-8718.
Deadline for entering teams in
Saturday's all-campus pie-eating
contest is today. Any campus
group, residence or club, may en
ter a four-man pie-eating relay
team by phoning Jim Conti at
Chi Psi. Tomorrow is the dead
line for payment of $7.50 entry
fes, which cover the cost of all
pies consumed by entrants as
well as eligibility for the $100
first prize.
The contest will be held after
the UCLA game Saturday at Chi
Psi. To date, more than 25 teams
arc entered.
For more information, phone
Conti at DA 3-8718.
Deadline for entering teams in
Saturday's all-campus pie-eating
contest is today. Any campus
group, residence or club, may en
ter a four-man pie-eating relay
team by phoning Jim Conti at
Chi Psi. Tomorrow is the dead
line for payment of $7.50 entry
fes, which cover the cost of all
pies consumed by entrants as
well as eligibility for the $100
first prize.
The contest will be held after
the UCLA game Saturday at Chi
Psi. To date, more than 25 teams
arc entered.
For more information, phone
Conti at DA 3-8718.
