# Quad to Continue Freshman Photos
## 
### 
Freshmen who have not had their
pictures taken lor the Quad and
Frosh Book are requested to do so
in the Quad office tomorrow or Fri
day.
The photographer will be on duty
from 9 a.m. to noon and from 1 to
5 p.m.
Freshmen who have not had their
pictures taken lor the Quad and
Frosh Book are requested to do so
in the Quad office tomorrow or Fri
day.
The photographer will be on duty
from 9 a.m. to noon and from 1 to
5 p.m.
Freshmen who have not had their
pictures taken lor the Quad and
Frosh Book are requested to do so
in the Quad office tomorrow or Fri
day.
The photographer will be on duty
from 9 a.m. to noon and from 1 to
5 p.m.
Freshmen who have not had their
pictures taken lor the Quad and
Frosh Book are requested to do so
in the Quad office tomorrow or Fri
day.
The photographer will be on duty
from 9 a.m. to noon and from 1 to
5 p.m.
Freshmen who have not had their
pictures taken lor the Quad and
Frosh Book are requested to do so
in the Quad office tomorrow or Fri
day.
The photographer will be on duty
from 9 a.m. to noon and from 1 to
5 p.m.
Freshmen who have not had their
pictures taken lor the Quad and
Frosh Book are requested to do so
in the Quad office tomorrow or Fri
day.
The photographer will be on duty
from 9 a.m. to noon and from 1 to
5 p.m.
Freshmen who have not had their
pictures taken lor the Quad and
Frosh Book are requested to do so
in the Quad office tomorrow or Fri
day.
The photographer will be on duty
from 9 a.m. to noon and from 1 to
5 p.m.
Freshmen who have not had their
pictures taken lor the Quad and
Frosh Book are requested to do so
in the Quad office tomorrow or Fri
day.
The photographer will be on duty
from 9 a.m. to noon and from 1 to
5 p.m.
Freshmen who have not had their
pictures taken lor the Quad and
Frosh Book are requested to do so
in the Quad office tomorrow or Fri
day.
The photographer will be on duty
from 9 a.m. to noon and from 1 to
5 p.m.
Freshmen who have not had their
pictures taken lor the Quad and
Frosh Book are requested to do so
in the Quad office tomorrow or Fri
day.
The photographer will be on duty
from 9 a.m. to noon and from 1 to
5 p.m.
Freshmen who have not had their
pictures taken lor the Quad and
Frosh Book are requested to do so
in the Quad office tomorrow or Fri
day.
The photographer will be on duty
from 9 a.m. to noon and from 1 to
5 p.m.
Freshmen who have not had their
pictures taken lor the Quad and
Frosh Book are requested to do so
in the Quad office tomorrow or Fri
day.
The photographer will be on duty
from 9 a.m. to noon and from 1 to
5 p.m.
Freshmen who have not had their
pictures taken lor the Quad and
Frosh Book are requested to do so
in the Quad office tomorrow or Fri
day.
The photographer will be on duty
from 9 a.m. to noon and from 1 to
5 p.m.
Freshmen who have not had their
pictures taken lor the Quad and
Frosh Book are requested to do so
in the Quad office tomorrow or Fri
day.
The photographer will be on duty
from 9 a.m. to noon and from 1 to
5 p.m.
