# Ed School Council Officers Elected
## 
### 
New student officers in the School
of Education were announced re
cently by Harry Miller, summer
quarter president of the Education
Council.
Officers are Tod Hucklebridge,
president; Pete Powlison, vice-pres
ident; Ed Fickensher, treasurer; and
Sally Beel and Chesley, co-sec
retaries.
Committee chairmen are Joan
Seavey and Betty Bigelow, constitu
tion and student government; Lester
Roth, educational policy; Virginia
Barnes, course evaluation; Don
Starkey, library; Jack McKenna,
student lounge; Bud Doherty, orien
tation; John Easter, plant improve
ment; Robert Long, public relations.
New student officers in the School
of Education were announced re
cently by Harry Miller, summer
quarter president of the Education
Council.
Officers are Tod Hucklebridge,
president; Pete Powlison, vice-pres
ident; Ed Fickensher, treasurer; and
Sally Beel and Chesley, co-sec
retaries.
Committee chairmen are Joan
Seavey and Betty Bigelow, constitu
tion and student government; Lester
Roth, educational policy; Virginia
Barnes, course evaluation; Don
Starkey, library; Jack McKenna,
student lounge; Bud Doherty, orien
tation; John Easter, plant improve
ment; Robert Long, public relations.
New student officers in the School
of Education were announced re
cently by Harry Miller, summer
quarter president of the Education
Council.
Officers are Tod Hucklebridge,
president; Pete Powlison, vice-pres
ident; Ed Fickensher, treasurer; and
Sally Beel and Chesley, co-sec
retaries.
Committee chairmen are Joan
Seavey and Betty Bigelow, constitu
tion and student government; Lester
Roth, educational policy; Virginia
Barnes, course evaluation; Don
Starkey, library; Jack McKenna,
student lounge; Bud Doherty, orien
tation; John Easter, plant improve
ment; Robert Long, public relations.
New student officers in the School
of Education were announced re
cently by Harry Miller, summer
quarter president of the Education
Council.
Officers are Tod Hucklebridge,
president; Pete Powlison, vice-pres
ident; Ed Fickensher, treasurer; and
Sally Beel and Chesley, co-sec
retaries.
Committee chairmen are Joan
Seavey and Betty Bigelow, constitu
tion and student government; Lester
Roth, educational policy; Virginia
Barnes, course evaluation; Don
Starkey, library; Jack McKenna,
student lounge; Bud Doherty, orien
tation; John Easter, plant improve
ment; Robert Long, public relations.
New student officers in the School
of Education were announced re
cently by Harry Miller, summer
quarter president of the Education
Council.
Officers are Tod Hucklebridge,
president; Pete Powlison, vice-pres
ident; Ed Fickensher, treasurer; and
Sally Beel and Chesley, co-sec
retaries.
Committee chairmen are Joan
Seavey and Betty Bigelow, constitu
tion and student government; Lester
Roth, educational policy; Virginia
Barnes, course evaluation; Don
Starkey, library; Jack McKenna,
student lounge; Bud Doherty, orien
tation; John Easter, plant improve
ment; Robert Long, public relations.
New student officers in the School
of Education were announced re
cently by Harry Miller, summer
quarter president of the Education
Council.
Officers are Tod Hucklebridge,
president; Pete Powlison, vice-pres
ident; Ed Fickensher, treasurer; and
Sally Beel and Chesley, co-sec
retaries.
Committee chairmen are Joan
Seavey and Betty Bigelow, constitu
tion and student government; Lester
Roth, educational policy; Virginia
Barnes, course evaluation; Don
Starkey, library; Jack McKenna,
student lounge; Bud Doherty, orien
tation; John Easter, plant improve
ment; Robert Long, public relations.
New student officers in the School
of Education were announced re
cently by Harry Miller, summer
quarter president of the Education
Council.
Officers are Tod Hucklebridge,
president; Pete Powlison, vice-pres
ident; Ed Fickensher, treasurer; and
Sally Beel and Chesley, co-sec
retaries.
Committee chairmen are Joan
Seavey and Betty Bigelow, constitu
tion and student government; Lester
Roth, educational policy; Virginia
Barnes, course evaluation; Don
Starkey, library; Jack McKenna,
student lounge; Bud Doherty, orien
tation; John Easter, plant improve
ment; Robert Long, public relations.
New student officers in the School
of Education were announced re
cently by Harry Miller, summer
quarter president of the Education
Council.
Officers are Tod Hucklebridge,
president; Pete Powlison, vice-pres
ident; Ed Fickensher, treasurer; and
Sally Beel and Chesley, co-sec
retaries.
Committee chairmen are Joan
Seavey and Betty Bigelow, constitu
tion and student government; Lester
Roth, educational policy; Virginia
Barnes, course evaluation; Don
Starkey, library; Jack McKenna,
student lounge; Bud Doherty, orien
tation; John Easter, plant improve
ment; Robert Long, public relations.
New student officers in the School
of Education were announced re
cently by Harry Miller, summer
quarter president of the Education
Council.
Officers are Tod Hucklebridge,
president; Pete Powlison, vice-pres
ident; Ed Fickensher, treasurer; and
Sally Beel and Chesley, co-sec
retaries.
Committee chairmen are Joan
Seavey and Betty Bigelow, constitu
tion and student government; Lester
Roth, educational policy; Virginia
Barnes, course evaluation; Don
Starkey, library; Jack McKenna,
student lounge; Bud Doherty, orien
tation; John Easter, plant improve
ment; Robert Long, public relations.
New student officers in the School
of Education were announced re
cently by Harry Miller, summer
quarter president of the Education
Council.
Officers are Tod Hucklebridge,
president; Pete Powlison, vice-pres
ident; Ed Fickensher, treasurer; and
Sally Beel and Chesley, co-sec
retaries.
Committee chairmen are Joan
Seavey and Betty Bigelow, constitu
tion and student government; Lester
Roth, educational policy; Virginia
Barnes, course evaluation; Don
Starkey, library; Jack McKenna,
student lounge; Bud Doherty, orien
tation; John Easter, plant improve
ment; Robert Long, public relations.
New student officers in the School
of Education were announced re
cently by Harry Miller, summer
quarter president of the Education
Council.
Officers are Tod Hucklebridge,
president; Pete Powlison, vice-pres
ident; Ed Fickensher, treasurer; and
Sally Beel and Chesley, co-sec
retaries.
Committee chairmen are Joan
Seavey and Betty Bigelow, constitu
tion and student government; Lester
Roth, educational policy; Virginia
Barnes, course evaluation; Don
Starkey, library; Jack McKenna,
student lounge; Bud Doherty, orien
tation; John Easter, plant improve
ment; Robert Long, public relations.
New student officers in the School
of Education were announced re
cently by Harry Miller, summer
quarter president of the Education
Council.
Officers are Tod Hucklebridge,
president; Pete Powlison, vice-pres
ident; Ed Fickensher, treasurer; and
Sally Beel and Chesley, co-sec
retaries.
Committee chairmen are Joan
Seavey and Betty Bigelow, constitu
tion and student government; Lester
Roth, educational policy; Virginia
Barnes, course evaluation; Don
Starkey, library; Jack McKenna,
student lounge; Bud Doherty, orien
tation; John Easter, plant improve
ment; Robert Long, public relations.
New student officers in the School
of Education were announced re
cently by Harry Miller, summer
quarter president of the Education
Council.
Officers are Tod Hucklebridge,
president; Pete Powlison, vice-pres
ident; Ed Fickensher, treasurer; and
Sally Beel and Chesley, co-sec
retaries.
Committee chairmen are Joan
Seavey and Betty Bigelow, constitu
tion and student government; Lester
Roth, educational policy; Virginia
Barnes, course evaluation; Don
Starkey, library; Jack McKenna,
student lounge; Bud Doherty, orien
tation; John Easter, plant improve
ment; Robert Long, public relations.
New student officers in the School
of Education were announced re
cently by Harry Miller, summer
quarter president of the Education
Council.
Officers are Tod Hucklebridge,
president; Pete Powlison, vice-pres
ident; Ed Fickensher, treasurer; and
Sally Beel and Chesley, co-sec
retaries.
Committee chairmen are Joan
Seavey and Betty Bigelow, constitu
tion and student government; Lester
Roth, educational policy; Virginia
Barnes, course evaluation; Don
Starkey, library; Jack McKenna,
student lounge; Bud Doherty, orien
tation; John Easter, plant improve
ment; Robert Long, public relations.
