# Education Workshop
## 
### 
Professor Fannie R. Shaftel of the
Stanford School of Education is con
ducting four workshops for educa
tors this week in Tacoma, Washing
ton, and Portland, Corvallis, and
Ashland, Oregon.
Professor Fannie R. Shaftel of the
Stanford School of Education is con
ducting four workshops for educa
tors this week in Tacoma, Washing
ton, and Portland, Corvallis, and
Ashland, Oregon.
Professor Fannie R. Shaftel of the
Stanford School of Education is con
ducting four workshops for educa
tors this week in Tacoma, Washing
ton, and Portland, Corvallis, and
Ashland, Oregon.
Professor Fannie R. Shaftel of the
Stanford School of Education is con
ducting four workshops for educa
tors this week in Tacoma, Washing
ton, and Portland, Corvallis, and
Ashland, Oregon.
Professor Fannie R. Shaftel of the
Stanford School of Education is con
ducting four workshops for educa
tors this week in Tacoma, Washing
ton, and Portland, Corvallis, and
Ashland, Oregon.
Professor Fannie R. Shaftel of the
Stanford School of Education is con
ducting four workshops for educa
tors this week in Tacoma, Washing
ton, and Portland, Corvallis, and
Ashland, Oregon.
Professor Fannie R. Shaftel of the
Stanford School of Education is con
ducting four workshops for educa
tors this week in Tacoma, Washing
ton, and Portland, Corvallis, and
Ashland, Oregon.
Professor Fannie R. Shaftel of the
Stanford School of Education is con
ducting four workshops for educa
tors this week in Tacoma, Washing
ton, and Portland, Corvallis, and
Ashland, Oregon.
Professor Fannie R. Shaftel of the
Stanford School of Education is con
ducting four workshops for educa
tors this week in Tacoma, Washing
ton, and Portland, Corvallis, and
Ashland, Oregon.
Professor Fannie R. Shaftel of the
Stanford School of Education is con
ducting four workshops for educa
tors this week in Tacoma, Washing
ton, and Portland, Corvallis, and
Ashland, Oregon.
Professor Fannie R. Shaftel of the
Stanford School of Education is con
ducting four workshops for educa
tors this week in Tacoma, Washing
ton, and Portland, Corvallis, and
Ashland, Oregon.
Professor Fannie R. Shaftel of the
Stanford School of Education is con
ducting four workshops for educa
tors this week in Tacoma, Washing
ton, and Portland, Corvallis, and
Ashland, Oregon.
Professor Fannie R. Shaftel of the
Stanford School of Education is con
ducting four workshops for educa
tors this week in Tacoma, Washing
ton, and Portland, Corvallis, and
Ashland, Oregon.
Professor Fannie R. Shaftel of the
Stanford School of Education is con
ducting four workshops for educa
tors this week in Tacoma, Washing
ton, and Portland, Corvallis, and
Ashland, Oregon.
