# Final List for Graduation.
## 
### 
The final list of candidates for
graduation in May, 1905, will he
posted Friday, April 14th. After
that date no name can be added to
the list, and no person whose name
is not posted will be regarded as a
candidate for graduation in May.
The final list of candidates for
graduation in May, 1905, will he
posted Friday, April 14th. After
that date no name can be added to
the list, and no person whose name
is not posted will be regarded as a
candidate for graduation in May.
The final list of candidates for
graduation in May, 1905, will he
posted Friday, April 14th. After
that date no name can be added to
the list, and no person whose name
is not posted will be regarded as a
candidate for graduation in May.
The final list of candidates for
graduation in May, 1905, will he
posted Friday, April 14th. After
that date no name can be added to
the list, and no person whose name
is not posted will be regarded as a
candidate for graduation in May.
The final list of candidates for
graduation in May, 1905, will he
posted Friday, April 14th. After
that date no name can be added to
the list, and no person whose name
is not posted will be regarded as a
candidate for graduation in May.
The final list of candidates for
graduation in May, 1905, will he
posted Friday, April 14th. After
that date no name can be added to
the list, and no person whose name
is not posted will be regarded as a
candidate for graduation in May.
The final list of candidates for
graduation in May, 1905, will he
posted Friday, April 14th. After
that date no name can be added to
the list, and no person whose name
is not posted will be regarded as a
candidate for graduation in May.
The final list of candidates for
graduation in May, 1905, will he
posted Friday, April 14th. After
that date no name can be added to
the list, and no person whose name
is not posted will be regarded as a
candidate for graduation in May.
