# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
EXCLUSIVE DEALER
GRUEN WATCHES
F
GUARANTEED
WATCH REPAIRINC
When you need .1 Jeweler look
for the Clock. First on the
Avenue
Paul D. Culver
PIONEER lEWELER
167 University 5331
EXCLUSIVE DEALER
GRUEN WATCHES
F
GUARANTEED
WATCH REPAIRINC
When you need .1 Jeweler look
for the Clock. First on the
Avenue
Paul D. Culver
PIONEER lEWELER
167 University 5331
EXCLUSIVE DEALER
GRUEN WATCHES
F
GUARANTEED
WATCH REPAIRINC
When you need .1 Jeweler look
for the Clock. First on the
Avenue
Paul D. Culver
PIONEER lEWELER
167 University 5331
EXCLUSIVE DEALER
GRUEN WATCHES
F
GUARANTEED
WATCH REPAIRINC
When you need .1 Jeweler look
for the Clock. First on the
Avenue
Paul D. Culver
PIONEER lEWELER
167 University 5331
EXCLUSIVE DEALER
GRUEN WATCHES
F
GUARANTEED
WATCH REPAIRINC
When you need .1 Jeweler look
for the Clock. First on the
Avenue
Paul D. Culver
PIONEER lEWELER
167 University 5331
EXCLUSIVE DEALER
GRUEN WATCHES
F
GUARANTEED
WATCH REPAIRINC
When you need .1 Jeweler look
for the Clock. First on the
Avenue
Paul D. Culver
PIONEER lEWELER
167 University 5331
EXCLUSIVE DEALER
GRUEN WATCHES
F
GUARANTEED
WATCH REPAIRINC
When you need .1 Jeweler look
for the Clock. First on the
Avenue
Paul D. Culver
PIONEER lEWELER
167 University 5331
EXCLUSIVE DEALER
GRUEN WATCHES
F
GUARANTEED
WATCH REPAIRINC
When you need .1 Jeweler look
for the Clock. First on the
Avenue
Paul D. Culver
PIONEER lEWELER
167 University 5331
EXCLUSIVE DEALER
GRUEN WATCHES
F
GUARANTEED
WATCH REPAIRINC
When you need .1 Jeweler look
for the Clock. First on the
Avenue
Paul D. Culver
PIONEER lEWELER
167 University 5331
EXCLUSIVE DEALER
GRUEN WATCHES
F
GUARANTEED
WATCH REPAIRINC
When you need .1 Jeweler look
for the Clock. First on the
Avenue
Paul D. Culver
PIONEER lEWELER
167 University 5331
EXCLUSIVE DEALER
GRUEN WATCHES
F
GUARANTEED
WATCH REPAIRINC
When you need .1 Jeweler look
for the Clock. First on the
Avenue
Paul D. Culver
PIONEER lEWELER
167 University 5331
EXCLUSIVE DEALER
GRUEN WATCHES
F
GUARANTEED
WATCH REPAIRINC
When you need .1 Jeweler look
for the Clock. First on the
Avenue
Paul D. Culver
PIONEER lEWELER
167 University 5331
EXCLUSIVE DEALER
GRUEN WATCHES
F
GUARANTEED
WATCH REPAIRINC
When you need .1 Jeweler look
for the Clock. First on the
Avenue
Paul D. Culver
PIONEER lEWELER
167 University 5331
EXCLUSIVE DEALER
GRUEN WATCHES
F
GUARANTEED
WATCH REPAIRINC
When you need .1 Jeweler look
for the Clock. First on the
Avenue
Paul D. Culver
PIONEER lEWELER
167 University 5331
EXCLUSIVE DEALER
GRUEN WATCHES
F
GUARANTEED
WATCH REPAIRINC
When you need .1 Jeweler look
for the Clock. First on the
Avenue
Paul D. Culver
PIONEER lEWELER
167 University 5331
