# BETA PLEDGE
## 
### 
Beta Theta Pi announces the
jledging of Carl Beal, Jr., '36.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
jledging of Carl Beal, Jr., '36.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
jledging of Carl Beal, Jr., '36.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
jledging of Carl Beal, Jr., '36.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
jledging of Carl Beal, Jr., '36.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
jledging of Carl Beal, Jr., '36.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
jledging of Carl Beal, Jr., '36.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
jledging of Carl Beal, Jr., '36.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
jledging of Carl Beal, Jr., '36.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
jledging of Carl Beal, Jr., '36.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
jledging of Carl Beal, Jr., '36.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
jledging of Carl Beal, Jr., '36.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
jledging of Carl Beal, Jr., '36.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
jledging of Carl Beal, Jr., '36.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
jledging of Carl Beal, Jr., '36.
