# Charge Moscow Tie
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5 (A J ). -
Charges that a Communist "cell of
agitation" was established on the
campus of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles under direct
orders of the Third Internationale
at Moscow were made today by Dr.
Ernest C. Moore, provost of the in
stitution.
Dr. Moore made the charges at a
luncheon meeting of the Scabbard
and Blade Society, national honorary
fraternity of cadet officers of the
R.O.T.C. He said "other cells were
ordered formed at every college in
the United States," and that the one
on the U.C.L.A. campus, which he
said consisted of 20 members, was
organized "for the purpose of agi
tation."
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5 (A J ). -
Charges that a Communist "cell of
agitation" was established on the
campus of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles under direct
orders of the Third Internationale
at Moscow were made today by Dr.
Ernest C. Moore, provost of the in
stitution.
Dr. Moore made the charges at a
luncheon meeting of the Scabbard
and Blade Society, national honorary
fraternity of cadet officers of the
R.O.T.C. He said "other cells were
ordered formed at every college in
the United States," and that the one
on the U.C.L.A. campus, which he
said consisted of 20 members, was
organized "for the purpose of agi
tation."
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5 (A J ). -
Charges that a Communist "cell of
agitation" was established on the
campus of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles under direct
orders of the Third Internationale
at Moscow were made today by Dr.
Ernest C. Moore, provost of the in
stitution.
Dr. Moore made the charges at a
luncheon meeting of the Scabbard
and Blade Society, national honorary
fraternity of cadet officers of the
R.O.T.C. He said "other cells were
ordered formed at every college in
the United States," and that the one
on the U.C.L.A. campus, which he
said consisted of 20 members, was
organized "for the purpose of agi
tation."
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5 (A J ). -
Charges that a Communist "cell of
agitation" was established on the
campus of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles under direct
orders of the Third Internationale
at Moscow were made today by Dr.
Ernest C. Moore, provost of the in
stitution.
Dr. Moore made the charges at a
luncheon meeting of the Scabbard
and Blade Society, national honorary
fraternity of cadet officers of the
R.O.T.C. He said "other cells were
ordered formed at every college in
the United States," and that the one
on the U.C.L.A. campus, which he
said consisted of 20 members, was
organized "for the purpose of agi
tation."
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5 (A J ). -
Charges that a Communist "cell of
agitation" was established on the
campus of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles under direct
orders of the Third Internationale
at Moscow were made today by Dr.
Ernest C. Moore, provost of the in
stitution.
Dr. Moore made the charges at a
luncheon meeting of the Scabbard
and Blade Society, national honorary
fraternity of cadet officers of the
R.O.T.C. He said "other cells were
ordered formed at every college in
the United States," and that the one
on the U.C.L.A. campus, which he
said consisted of 20 members, was
organized "for the purpose of agi
tation."
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5 (A J ). -
Charges that a Communist "cell of
agitation" was established on the
campus of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles under direct
orders of the Third Internationale
at Moscow were made today by Dr.
Ernest C. Moore, provost of the in
stitution.
Dr. Moore made the charges at a
luncheon meeting of the Scabbard
and Blade Society, national honorary
fraternity of cadet officers of the
R.O.T.C. He said "other cells were
ordered formed at every college in
the United States," and that the one
on the U.C.L.A. campus, which he
said consisted of 20 members, was
organized "for the purpose of agi
tation."
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5 (A J ). -
Charges that a Communist "cell of
agitation" was established on the
campus of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles under direct
orders of the Third Internationale
at Moscow were made today by Dr.
Ernest C. Moore, provost of the in
stitution.
Dr. Moore made the charges at a
luncheon meeting of the Scabbard
and Blade Society, national honorary
fraternity of cadet officers of the
R.O.T.C. He said "other cells were
ordered formed at every college in
the United States," and that the one
on the U.C.L.A. campus, which he
said consisted of 20 members, was
organized "for the purpose of agi
tation."
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5 (A J ). -
Charges that a Communist "cell of
agitation" was established on the
campus of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles under direct
orders of the Third Internationale
at Moscow were made today by Dr.
Ernest C. Moore, provost of the in
stitution.
Dr. Moore made the charges at a
luncheon meeting of the Scabbard
and Blade Society, national honorary
fraternity of cadet officers of the
R.O.T.C. He said "other cells were
ordered formed at every college in
the United States," and that the one
on the U.C.L.A. campus, which he
said consisted of 20 members, was
organized "for the purpose of agi
tation."
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5 (A J ). -
Charges that a Communist "cell of
agitation" was established on the
campus of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles under direct
orders of the Third Internationale
at Moscow were made today by Dr.
Ernest C. Moore, provost of the in
stitution.
Dr. Moore made the charges at a
luncheon meeting of the Scabbard
and Blade Society, national honorary
fraternity of cadet officers of the
R.O.T.C. He said "other cells were
ordered formed at every college in
the United States," and that the one
on the U.C.L.A. campus, which he
said consisted of 20 members, was
organized "for the purpose of agi
tation."
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5 (A J ). -
Charges that a Communist "cell of
agitation" was established on the
campus of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles under direct
orders of the Third Internationale
at Moscow were made today by Dr.
Ernest C. Moore, provost of the in
stitution.
Dr. Moore made the charges at a
luncheon meeting of the Scabbard
and Blade Society, national honorary
fraternity of cadet officers of the
R.O.T.C. He said "other cells were
ordered formed at every college in
the United States," and that the one
on the U.C.L.A. campus, which he
said consisted of 20 members, was
organized "for the purpose of agi
tation."
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5 (A J ). -
Charges that a Communist "cell of
agitation" was established on the
campus of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles under direct
orders of the Third Internationale
at Moscow were made today by Dr.
Ernest C. Moore, provost of the in
stitution.
Dr. Moore made the charges at a
luncheon meeting of the Scabbard
and Blade Society, national honorary
fraternity of cadet officers of the
R.O.T.C. He said "other cells were
ordered formed at every college in
the United States," and that the one
on the U.C.L.A. campus, which he
said consisted of 20 members, was
organized "for the purpose of agi
tation."
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5 (A J ). -
Charges that a Communist "cell of
agitation" was established on the
campus of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles under direct
orders of the Third Internationale
at Moscow were made today by Dr.
Ernest C. Moore, provost of the in
stitution.
Dr. Moore made the charges at a
luncheon meeting of the Scabbard
and Blade Society, national honorary
fraternity of cadet officers of the
R.O.T.C. He said "other cells were
ordered formed at every college in
the United States," and that the one
on the U.C.L.A. campus, which he
said consisted of 20 members, was
organized "for the purpose of agi
tation."
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5 (A J ). -
Charges that a Communist "cell of
agitation" was established on the
campus of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles under direct
orders of the Third Internationale
at Moscow were made today by Dr.
Ernest C. Moore, provost of the in
stitution.
Dr. Moore made the charges at a
luncheon meeting of the Scabbard
and Blade Society, national honorary
fraternity of cadet officers of the
R.O.T.C. He said "other cells were
ordered formed at every college in
the United States," and that the one
on the U.C.L.A. campus, which he
said consisted of 20 members, was
organized "for the purpose of agi
tation."
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5 (A J ). -
Charges that a Communist "cell of
agitation" was established on the
campus of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles under direct
orders of the Third Internationale
at Moscow were made today by Dr.
Ernest C. Moore, provost of the in
stitution.
Dr. Moore made the charges at a
luncheon meeting of the Scabbard
and Blade Society, national honorary
fraternity of cadet officers of the
R.O.T.C. He said "other cells were
ordered formed at every college in
the United States," and that the one
on the U.C.L.A. campus, which he
said consisted of 20 members, was
organized "for the purpose of agi
tation."
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5 (A J ). -
Charges that a Communist "cell of
agitation" was established on the
campus of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles under direct
orders of the Third Internationale
at Moscow were made today by Dr.
Ernest C. Moore, provost of the in
stitution.
Dr. Moore made the charges at a
luncheon meeting of the Scabbard
and Blade Society, national honorary
fraternity of cadet officers of the
R.O.T.C. He said "other cells were
ordered formed at every college in
the United States," and that the one
on the U.C.L.A. campus, which he
said consisted of 20 members, was
organized "for the purpose of agi
tation."
