# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Home furnishing and decoration was
recently studied by 150 women in Wis
consin cities through classes furnished
by the State University Extension di
vision.
Home furnishing and decoration was
recently studied by 150 women in Wis
consin cities through classes furnished
by the State University Extension di
vision.
Home furnishing and decoration was
recently studied by 150 women in Wis
consin cities through classes furnished
by the State University Extension di
vision.
Home furnishing and decoration was
recently studied by 150 women in Wis
consin cities through classes furnished
by the State University Extension di
vision.
Home furnishing and decoration was
recently studied by 150 women in Wis
consin cities through classes furnished
by the State University Extension di
vision.
Home furnishing and decoration was
recently studied by 150 women in Wis
consin cities through classes furnished
by the State University Extension di
vision.
Home furnishing and decoration was
recently studied by 150 women in Wis
consin cities through classes furnished
by the State University Extension di
vision.
Home furnishing and decoration was
recently studied by 150 women in Wis
consin cities through classes furnished
by the State University Extension di
vision.
Home furnishing and decoration was
recently studied by 150 women in Wis
consin cities through classes furnished
by the State University Extension di
vision.
Home furnishing and decoration was
recently studied by 150 women in Wis
consin cities through classes furnished
by the State University Extension di
vision.
Home furnishing and decoration was
recently studied by 150 women in Wis
consin cities through classes furnished
by the State University Extension di
vision.
Home furnishing and decoration was
recently studied by 150 women in Wis
consin cities through classes furnished
by the State University Extension di
vision.
Home furnishing and decoration was
recently studied by 150 women in Wis
consin cities through classes furnished
by the State University Extension di
vision.
Home furnishing and decoration was
recently studied by 150 women in Wis
consin cities through classes furnished
by the State University Extension di
vision.
Home furnishing and decoration was
recently studied by 150 women in Wis
consin cities through classes furnished
by the State University Extension di
vision.
