# Greek Letter Dog Has Short Life, But Gets Big Wallop Out of It
## 
### 
The flowers that bloom in the spring:,
tra-la, have nothing on the fraternity
dog when it comes to a brief and color
ful career, according to mortality sta
tistics provided by figure-fiends at the
University of Pennsylvania. Having es
tablished the number of old overshoes
thrown at cat Carusos in a given year, the
wild-eyed computors sharpened new pen
cils and established the fact that the
average canine Greek letter mascot en
joys a sojourn of only four years in this
vale of agony. Brothers lighten the ten
sion of examination week by playing will*
Rover, brothers play with Rover whea
they have no excuse at all. Hence, Ro
ver's tongue is soon hanging out and be
fore long Rover slinks off and gives tip
his little ghost. Rushees arc another of
his problems, as each must be enthusi
astically greeted and encouraged to hurl
sticks. Sorority cats must be suppressed.
Too many cooks drink the soup, and too
many masters spoil the dog.
The flowers that bloom in the spring:,
tra-la, have nothing on the fraternity
dog when it comes to a brief and color
ful career, according to mortality sta
tistics provided by figure-fiends at the
University of Pennsylvania. Having es
tablished the number of old overshoes
thrown at cat Carusos in a given year, the
wild-eyed computors sharpened new pen
cils and established the fact that the
average canine Greek letter mascot en
joys a sojourn of only four years in this
vale of agony. Brothers lighten the ten
sion of examination week by playing will*
Rover, brothers play with Rover whea
they have no excuse at all. Hence, Ro
ver's tongue is soon hanging out and be
fore long Rover slinks off and gives tip
his little ghost. Rushees arc another of
his problems, as each must be enthusi
astically greeted and encouraged to hurl
sticks. Sorority cats must be suppressed.
Too many cooks drink the soup, and too
many masters spoil the dog.
The flowers that bloom in the spring:,
tra-la, have nothing on the fraternity
dog when it comes to a brief and color
ful career, according to mortality sta
tistics provided by figure-fiends at the
University of Pennsylvania. Having es
tablished the number of old overshoes
thrown at cat Carusos in a given year, the
wild-eyed computors sharpened new pen
cils and established the fact that the
average canine Greek letter mascot en
joys a sojourn of only four years in this
vale of agony. Brothers lighten the ten
sion of examination week by playing will*
Rover, brothers play with Rover whea
they have no excuse at all. Hence, Ro
ver's tongue is soon hanging out and be
fore long Rover slinks off and gives tip
his little ghost. Rushees arc another of
his problems, as each must be enthusi
astically greeted and encouraged to hurl
sticks. Sorority cats must be suppressed.
Too many cooks drink the soup, and too
many masters spoil the dog.
The flowers that bloom in the spring:,
tra-la, have nothing on the fraternity
dog when it comes to a brief and color
ful career, according to mortality sta
tistics provided by figure-fiends at the
University of Pennsylvania. Having es
tablished the number of old overshoes
thrown at cat Carusos in a given year, the
wild-eyed computors sharpened new pen
cils and established the fact that the
average canine Greek letter mascot en
joys a sojourn of only four years in this
vale of agony. Brothers lighten the ten
sion of examination week by playing will*
Rover, brothers play with Rover whea
they have no excuse at all. Hence, Ro
ver's tongue is soon hanging out and be
fore long Rover slinks off and gives tip
his little ghost. Rushees arc another of
his problems, as each must be enthusi
astically greeted and encouraged to hurl
sticks. Sorority cats must be suppressed.
Too many cooks drink the soup, and too
many masters spoil the dog.
The flowers that bloom in the spring:,
tra-la, have nothing on the fraternity
dog when it comes to a brief and color
ful career, according to mortality sta
tistics provided by figure-fiends at the
University of Pennsylvania. Having es
tablished the number of old overshoes
thrown at cat Carusos in a given year, the
wild-eyed computors sharpened new pen
cils and established the fact that the
average canine Greek letter mascot en
joys a sojourn of only four years in this
vale of agony. Brothers lighten the ten
sion of examination week by playing will*
Rover, brothers play with Rover whea
they have no excuse at all. Hence, Ro
ver's tongue is soon hanging out and be
fore long Rover slinks off and gives tip
his little ghost. Rushees arc another of
his problems, as each must be enthusi
astically greeted and encouraged to hurl
sticks. Sorority cats must be suppressed.
Too many cooks drink the soup, and too
many masters spoil the dog.
The flowers that bloom in the spring:,
tra-la, have nothing on the fraternity
dog when it comes to a brief and color
ful career, according to mortality sta
tistics provided by figure-fiends at the
University of Pennsylvania. Having es
tablished the number of old overshoes
thrown at cat Carusos in a given year, the
wild-eyed computors sharpened new pen
cils and established the fact that the
average canine Greek letter mascot en
joys a sojourn of only four years in this
vale of agony. Brothers lighten the ten
sion of examination week by playing will*
Rover, brothers play with Rover whea
they have no excuse at all. Hence, Ro
ver's tongue is soon hanging out and be
fore long Rover slinks off and gives tip
his little ghost. Rushees arc another of
his problems, as each must be enthusi
astically greeted and encouraged to hurl
sticks. Sorority cats must be suppressed.
Too many cooks drink the soup, and too
many masters spoil the dog.
The flowers that bloom in the spring:,
tra-la, have nothing on the fraternity
dog when it comes to a brief and color
ful career, according to mortality sta
tistics provided by figure-fiends at the
University of Pennsylvania. Having es
tablished the number of old overshoes
thrown at cat Carusos in a given year, the
wild-eyed computors sharpened new pen
cils and established the fact that the
average canine Greek letter mascot en
joys a sojourn of only four years in this
vale of agony. Brothers lighten the ten
sion of examination week by playing will*
Rover, brothers play with Rover whea
they have no excuse at all. Hence, Ro
ver's tongue is soon hanging out and be
fore long Rover slinks off and gives tip
his little ghost. Rushees arc another of
his problems, as each must be enthusi
astically greeted and encouraged to hurl
sticks. Sorority cats must be suppressed.
Too many cooks drink the soup, and too
many masters spoil the dog.
The flowers that bloom in the spring:,
tra-la, have nothing on the fraternity
dog when it comes to a brief and color
ful career, according to mortality sta
tistics provided by figure-fiends at the
University of Pennsylvania. Having es
tablished the number of old overshoes
thrown at cat Carusos in a given year, the
wild-eyed computors sharpened new pen
cils and established the fact that the
average canine Greek letter mascot en
joys a sojourn of only four years in this
vale of agony. Brothers lighten the ten
sion of examination week by playing will*
Rover, brothers play with Rover whea
they have no excuse at all. Hence, Ro
ver's tongue is soon hanging out and be
fore long Rover slinks off and gives tip
his little ghost. Rushees arc another of
his problems, as each must be enthusi
astically greeted and encouraged to hurl
sticks. Sorority cats must be suppressed.
Too many cooks drink the soup, and too
many masters spoil the dog.
The flowers that bloom in the spring:,
tra-la, have nothing on the fraternity
dog when it comes to a brief and color
ful career, according to mortality sta
tistics provided by figure-fiends at the
University of Pennsylvania. Having es
tablished the number of old overshoes
thrown at cat Carusos in a given year, the
wild-eyed computors sharpened new pen
cils and established the fact that the
average canine Greek letter mascot en
joys a sojourn of only four years in this
vale of agony. Brothers lighten the ten
sion of examination week by playing will*
Rover, brothers play with Rover whea
they have no excuse at all. Hence, Ro
ver's tongue is soon hanging out and be
fore long Rover slinks off and gives tip
his little ghost. Rushees arc another of
his problems, as each must be enthusi
astically greeted and encouraged to hurl
sticks. Sorority cats must be suppressed.
Too many cooks drink the soup, and too
many masters spoil the dog.
The flowers that bloom in the spring:,
tra-la, have nothing on the fraternity
dog when it comes to a brief and color
ful career, according to mortality sta
tistics provided by figure-fiends at the
University of Pennsylvania. Having es
tablished the number of old overshoes
thrown at cat Carusos in a given year, the
wild-eyed computors sharpened new pen
cils and established the fact that the
average canine Greek letter mascot en
joys a sojourn of only four years in this
vale of agony. Brothers lighten the ten
sion of examination week by playing will*
Rover, brothers play with Rover whea
they have no excuse at all. Hence, Ro
ver's tongue is soon hanging out and be
fore long Rover slinks off and gives tip
his little ghost. Rushees arc another of
his problems, as each must be enthusi
astically greeted and encouraged to hurl
sticks. Sorority cats must be suppressed.
Too many cooks drink the soup, and too
many masters spoil the dog.
The flowers that bloom in the spring:,
tra-la, have nothing on the fraternity
dog when it comes to a brief and color
ful career, according to mortality sta
tistics provided by figure-fiends at the
University of Pennsylvania. Having es
tablished the number of old overshoes
thrown at cat Carusos in a given year, the
wild-eyed computors sharpened new pen
cils and established the fact that the
average canine Greek letter mascot en
joys a sojourn of only four years in this
vale of agony. Brothers lighten the ten
sion of examination week by playing will*
Rover, brothers play with Rover whea
they have no excuse at all. Hence, Ro
ver's tongue is soon hanging out and be
fore long Rover slinks off and gives tip
his little ghost. Rushees arc another of
his problems, as each must be enthusi
astically greeted and encouraged to hurl
sticks. Sorority cats must be suppressed.
Too many cooks drink the soup, and too
many masters spoil the dog.
The flowers that bloom in the spring:,
tra-la, have nothing on the fraternity
dog when it comes to a brief and color
ful career, according to mortality sta
tistics provided by figure-fiends at the
University of Pennsylvania. Having es
tablished the number of old overshoes
thrown at cat Carusos in a given year, the
wild-eyed computors sharpened new pen
cils and established the fact that the
average canine Greek letter mascot en
joys a sojourn of only four years in this
vale of agony. Brothers lighten the ten
sion of examination week by playing will*
Rover, brothers play with Rover whea
they have no excuse at all. Hence, Ro
ver's tongue is soon hanging out and be
fore long Rover slinks off and gives tip
his little ghost. Rushees arc another of
his problems, as each must be enthusi
astically greeted and encouraged to hurl
sticks. Sorority cats must be suppressed.
Too many cooks drink the soup, and too
many masters spoil the dog.
The flowers that bloom in the spring:,
tra-la, have nothing on the fraternity
dog when it comes to a brief and color
ful career, according to mortality sta
tistics provided by figure-fiends at the
University of Pennsylvania. Having es
tablished the number of old overshoes
thrown at cat Carusos in a given year, the
wild-eyed computors sharpened new pen
cils and established the fact that the
average canine Greek letter mascot en
joys a sojourn of only four years in this
vale of agony. Brothers lighten the ten
sion of examination week by playing will*
Rover, brothers play with Rover whea
they have no excuse at all. Hence, Ro
ver's tongue is soon hanging out and be
fore long Rover slinks off and gives tip
his little ghost. Rushees arc another of
his problems, as each must be enthusi
astically greeted and encouraged to hurl
sticks. Sorority cats must be suppressed.
Too many cooks drink the soup, and too
many masters spoil the dog.
The flowers that bloom in the spring:,
tra-la, have nothing on the fraternity
dog when it comes to a brief and color
ful career, according to mortality sta
tistics provided by figure-fiends at the
University of Pennsylvania. Having es
tablished the number of old overshoes
thrown at cat Carusos in a given year, the
wild-eyed computors sharpened new pen
cils and established the fact that the
average canine Greek letter mascot en
joys a sojourn of only four years in this
vale of agony. Brothers lighten the ten
sion of examination week by playing will*
Rover, brothers play with Rover whea
they have no excuse at all. Hence, Ro
ver's tongue is soon hanging out and be
fore long Rover slinks off and gives tip
his little ghost. Rushees arc another of
his problems, as each must be enthusi
astically greeted and encouraged to hurl
sticks. Sorority cats must be suppressed.
Too many cooks drink the soup, and too
many masters spoil the dog.
The flowers that bloom in the spring:,
tra-la, have nothing on the fraternity
dog when it comes to a brief and color
ful career, according to mortality sta
tistics provided by figure-fiends at the
University of Pennsylvania. Having es
tablished the number of old overshoes
thrown at cat Carusos in a given year, the
wild-eyed computors sharpened new pen
cils and established the fact that the
average canine Greek letter mascot en
joys a sojourn of only four years in this
vale of agony. Brothers lighten the ten
sion of examination week by playing will*
Rover, brothers play with Rover whea
they have no excuse at all. Hence, Ro
ver's tongue is soon hanging out and be
fore long Rover slinks off and gives tip
his little ghost. Rushees arc another of
his problems, as each must be enthusi
astically greeted and encouraged to hurl
sticks. Sorority cats must be suppressed.
Too many cooks drink the soup, and too
many masters spoil the dog.
