# "I SOLEMNLY SWEAR TO UPHOLD--"
## 
### 

APPOINTED to (he United States Supreme Court recently, Frank Murphy takes the final stop to become
nfftcially an Associate Justice. Here he is being sworn in by Associate Justice Stanley Reed in the Oval
lloom of the White House. He is the fifth appointee made by President Roosevelt, lower left.

APPOINTED to (he United States Supreme Court recently, Frank Murphy takes the final stop to become
nfftcially an Associate Justice. Here he is being sworn in by Associate Justice Stanley Reed in the Oval
lloom of the White House. He is the fifth appointee made by President Roosevelt, lower left.

APPOINTED to (he United States Supreme Court recently, Frank Murphy takes the final stop to become
nfftcially an Associate Justice. Here he is being sworn in by Associate Justice Stanley Reed in the Oval
lloom of the White House. He is the fifth appointee made by President Roosevelt, lower left.

APPOINTED to (he United States Supreme Court recently, Frank Murphy takes the final stop to become
nfftcially an Associate Justice. Here he is being sworn in by Associate Justice Stanley Reed in the Oval
lloom of the White House. He is the fifth appointee made by President Roosevelt, lower left.

APPOINTED to (he United States Supreme Court recently, Frank Murphy takes the final stop to become
nfftcially an Associate Justice. Here he is being sworn in by Associate Justice Stanley Reed in the Oval
lloom of the White House. He is the fifth appointee made by President Roosevelt, lower left.

APPOINTED to (he United States Supreme Court recently, Frank Murphy takes the final stop to become
nfftcially an Associate Justice. Here he is being sworn in by Associate Justice Stanley Reed in the Oval
lloom of the White House. He is the fifth appointee made by President Roosevelt, lower left.

APPOINTED to (he United States Supreme Court recently, Frank Murphy takes the final stop to become
nfftcially an Associate Justice. Here he is being sworn in by Associate Justice Stanley Reed in the Oval
lloom of the White House. He is the fifth appointee made by President Roosevelt, lower left.

APPOINTED to (he United States Supreme Court recently, Frank Murphy takes the final stop to become
nfftcially an Associate Justice. Here he is being sworn in by Associate Justice Stanley Reed in the Oval
lloom of the White House. He is the fifth appointee made by President Roosevelt, lower left.

APPOINTED to (he United States Supreme Court recently, Frank Murphy takes the final stop to become
nfftcially an Associate Justice. Here he is being sworn in by Associate Justice Stanley Reed in the Oval
lloom of the White House. He is the fifth appointee made by President Roosevelt, lower left.

APPOINTED to (he United States Supreme Court recently, Frank Murphy takes the final stop to become
nfftcially an Associate Justice. Here he is being sworn in by Associate Justice Stanley Reed in the Oval
lloom of the White House. He is the fifth appointee made by President Roosevelt, lower left.

APPOINTED to (he United States Supreme Court recently, Frank Murphy takes the final stop to become
nfftcially an Associate Justice. Here he is being sworn in by Associate Justice Stanley Reed in the Oval
lloom of the White House. He is the fifth appointee made by President Roosevelt, lower left.

APPOINTED to (he United States Supreme Court recently, Frank Murphy takes the final stop to become
nfftcially an Associate Justice. Here he is being sworn in by Associate Justice Stanley Reed in the Oval
lloom of the White House. He is the fifth appointee made by President Roosevelt, lower left.

APPOINTED to (he United States Supreme Court recently, Frank Murphy takes the final stop to become
nfftcially an Associate Justice. Here he is being sworn in by Associate Justice Stanley Reed in the Oval
lloom of the White House. He is the fifth appointee made by President Roosevelt, lower left.

APPOINTED to (he United States Supreme Court recently, Frank Murphy takes the final stop to become
nfftcially an Associate Justice. Here he is being sworn in by Associate Justice Stanley Reed in the Oval
lloom of the White House. He is the fifth appointee made by President Roosevelt, lower left.

APPOINTED to (he United States Supreme Court recently, Frank Murphy takes the final stop to become
nfftcially an Associate Justice. Here he is being sworn in by Associate Justice Stanley Reed in the Oval
lloom of the White House. He is the fifth appointee made by President Roosevelt, lower left.

APPOINTED to (he United States Supreme Court recently, Frank Murphy takes the final stop to become
nfftcially an Associate Justice. Here he is being sworn in by Associate Justice Stanley Reed in the Oval
lloom of the White House. He is the fifth appointee made by President Roosevelt, lower left.

APPOINTED to (he United States Supreme Court recently, Frank Murphy takes the final stop to become
nfftcially an Associate Justice. Here he is being sworn in by Associate Justice Stanley Reed in the Oval
lloom of the White House. He is the fifth appointee made by President Roosevelt, lower left.
