# Little Abners Wait for Dates
## 
### 
The only difference between Sadie
Hawkins Day in Dogpatch and Sat
urday night's sophomore-sponsored
Sadie Hawkins Hop is that the men
aren't running away.
Realizing now what, it feels like to
sit home and wait for a date, Farm
men have even agreed to furnish
transportation to the Hop if cam
pus "Daisy Maes" do not have cars.
Tickets are now available in all
sorority houses and in women's
halls and living groups as well as
at the A.S.S.U. office for $1 per
couple according to Chairman Ruth
Whitney.
New plans for the dance include
several additions to the floor show
program in conjunction with Art Mc-
Cue's "Parade in Review" of many
past campus hits from Gaieties and
Spring Shows.
The only difference between Sadie
Hawkins Day in Dogpatch and Sat
urday night's sophomore-sponsored
Sadie Hawkins Hop is that the men
aren't running away.
Realizing now what, it feels like to
sit home and wait for a date, Farm
men have even agreed to furnish
transportation to the Hop if cam
pus "Daisy Maes" do not have cars.
Tickets are now available in all
sorority houses and in women's
halls and living groups as well as
at the A.S.S.U. office for $1 per
couple according to Chairman Ruth
Whitney.
New plans for the dance include
several additions to the floor show
program in conjunction with Art Mc-
Cue's "Parade in Review" of many
past campus hits from Gaieties and
Spring Shows.
The only difference between Sadie
Hawkins Day in Dogpatch and Sat
urday night's sophomore-sponsored
Sadie Hawkins Hop is that the men
aren't running away.
Realizing now what, it feels like to
sit home and wait for a date, Farm
men have even agreed to furnish
transportation to the Hop if cam
pus "Daisy Maes" do not have cars.
Tickets are now available in all
sorority houses and in women's
halls and living groups as well as
at the A.S.S.U. office for $1 per
couple according to Chairman Ruth
Whitney.
New plans for the dance include
several additions to the floor show
program in conjunction with Art Mc-
Cue's "Parade in Review" of many
past campus hits from Gaieties and
Spring Shows.
The only difference between Sadie
Hawkins Day in Dogpatch and Sat
urday night's sophomore-sponsored
Sadie Hawkins Hop is that the men
aren't running away.
Realizing now what, it feels like to
sit home and wait for a date, Farm
men have even agreed to furnish
transportation to the Hop if cam
pus "Daisy Maes" do not have cars.
Tickets are now available in all
sorority houses and in women's
halls and living groups as well as
at the A.S.S.U. office for $1 per
couple according to Chairman Ruth
Whitney.
New plans for the dance include
several additions to the floor show
program in conjunction with Art Mc-
Cue's "Parade in Review" of many
past campus hits from Gaieties and
Spring Shows.
The only difference between Sadie
Hawkins Day in Dogpatch and Sat
urday night's sophomore-sponsored
Sadie Hawkins Hop is that the men
aren't running away.
Realizing now what, it feels like to
sit home and wait for a date, Farm
men have even agreed to furnish
transportation to the Hop if cam
pus "Daisy Maes" do not have cars.
Tickets are now available in all
sorority houses and in women's
halls and living groups as well as
at the A.S.S.U. office for $1 per
couple according to Chairman Ruth
Whitney.
New plans for the dance include
several additions to the floor show
program in conjunction with Art Mc-
Cue's "Parade in Review" of many
past campus hits from Gaieties and
Spring Shows.
The only difference between Sadie
Hawkins Day in Dogpatch and Sat
urday night's sophomore-sponsored
Sadie Hawkins Hop is that the men
aren't running away.
Realizing now what, it feels like to
sit home and wait for a date, Farm
men have even agreed to furnish
transportation to the Hop if cam
pus "Daisy Maes" do not have cars.
Tickets are now available in all
sorority houses and in women's
halls and living groups as well as
at the A.S.S.U. office for $1 per
couple according to Chairman Ruth
Whitney.
New plans for the dance include
several additions to the floor show
program in conjunction with Art Mc-
Cue's "Parade in Review" of many
past campus hits from Gaieties and
Spring Shows.
The only difference between Sadie
Hawkins Day in Dogpatch and Sat
urday night's sophomore-sponsored
Sadie Hawkins Hop is that the men
aren't running away.
Realizing now what, it feels like to
sit home and wait for a date, Farm
men have even agreed to furnish
transportation to the Hop if cam
pus "Daisy Maes" do not have cars.
Tickets are now available in all
sorority houses and in women's
halls and living groups as well as
at the A.S.S.U. office for $1 per
couple according to Chairman Ruth
Whitney.
New plans for the dance include
several additions to the floor show
program in conjunction with Art Mc-
Cue's "Parade in Review" of many
past campus hits from Gaieties and
Spring Shows.
The only difference between Sadie
Hawkins Day in Dogpatch and Sat
urday night's sophomore-sponsored
Sadie Hawkins Hop is that the men
aren't running away.
Realizing now what, it feels like to
sit home and wait for a date, Farm
men have even agreed to furnish
transportation to the Hop if cam
pus "Daisy Maes" do not have cars.
Tickets are now available in all
sorority houses and in women's
halls and living groups as well as
at the A.S.S.U. office for $1 per
couple according to Chairman Ruth
Whitney.
New plans for the dance include
several additions to the floor show
program in conjunction with Art Mc-
Cue's "Parade in Review" of many
past campus hits from Gaieties and
Spring Shows.
The only difference between Sadie
Hawkins Day in Dogpatch and Sat
urday night's sophomore-sponsored
Sadie Hawkins Hop is that the men
aren't running away.
Realizing now what, it feels like to
sit home and wait for a date, Farm
men have even agreed to furnish
transportation to the Hop if cam
pus "Daisy Maes" do not have cars.
Tickets are now available in all
sorority houses and in women's
halls and living groups as well as
at the A.S.S.U. office for $1 per
couple according to Chairman Ruth
Whitney.
New plans for the dance include
several additions to the floor show
program in conjunction with Art Mc-
Cue's "Parade in Review" of many
past campus hits from Gaieties and
Spring Shows.
The only difference between Sadie
Hawkins Day in Dogpatch and Sat
urday night's sophomore-sponsored
Sadie Hawkins Hop is that the men
aren't running away.
Realizing now what, it feels like to
sit home and wait for a date, Farm
men have even agreed to furnish
transportation to the Hop if cam
pus "Daisy Maes" do not have cars.
Tickets are now available in all
sorority houses and in women's
halls and living groups as well as
at the A.S.S.U. office for $1 per
couple according to Chairman Ruth
Whitney.
New plans for the dance include
several additions to the floor show
program in conjunction with Art Mc-
Cue's "Parade in Review" of many
past campus hits from Gaieties and
Spring Shows.
The only difference between Sadie
Hawkins Day in Dogpatch and Sat
urday night's sophomore-sponsored
Sadie Hawkins Hop is that the men
aren't running away.
Realizing now what, it feels like to
sit home and wait for a date, Farm
men have even agreed to furnish
transportation to the Hop if cam
pus "Daisy Maes" do not have cars.
Tickets are now available in all
sorority houses and in women's
halls and living groups as well as
at the A.S.S.U. office for $1 per
couple according to Chairman Ruth
Whitney.
New plans for the dance include
several additions to the floor show
program in conjunction with Art Mc-
Cue's "Parade in Review" of many
past campus hits from Gaieties and
Spring Shows.
The only difference between Sadie
Hawkins Day in Dogpatch and Sat
urday night's sophomore-sponsored
Sadie Hawkins Hop is that the men
aren't running away.
Realizing now what, it feels like to
sit home and wait for a date, Farm
men have even agreed to furnish
transportation to the Hop if cam
pus "Daisy Maes" do not have cars.
Tickets are now available in all
sorority houses and in women's
halls and living groups as well as
at the A.S.S.U. office for $1 per
couple according to Chairman Ruth
Whitney.
New plans for the dance include
several additions to the floor show
program in conjunction with Art Mc-
Cue's "Parade in Review" of many
past campus hits from Gaieties and
Spring Shows.
The only difference between Sadie
Hawkins Day in Dogpatch and Sat
urday night's sophomore-sponsored
Sadie Hawkins Hop is that the men
aren't running away.
Realizing now what, it feels like to
sit home and wait for a date, Farm
men have even agreed to furnish
transportation to the Hop if cam
pus "Daisy Maes" do not have cars.
Tickets are now available in all
sorority houses and in women's
halls and living groups as well as
at the A.S.S.U. office for $1 per
couple according to Chairman Ruth
Whitney.
New plans for the dance include
several additions to the floor show
program in conjunction with Art Mc-
Cue's "Parade in Review" of many
past campus hits from Gaieties and
Spring Shows.
The only difference between Sadie
Hawkins Day in Dogpatch and Sat
urday night's sophomore-sponsored
Sadie Hawkins Hop is that the men
aren't running away.
Realizing now what, it feels like to
sit home and wait for a date, Farm
men have even agreed to furnish
transportation to the Hop if cam
pus "Daisy Maes" do not have cars.
Tickets are now available in all
sorority houses and in women's
halls and living groups as well as
at the A.S.S.U. office for $1 per
couple according to Chairman Ruth
Whitney.
New plans for the dance include
several additions to the floor show
program in conjunction with Art Mc-
Cue's "Parade in Review" of many
past campus hits from Gaieties and
Spring Shows.
The only difference between Sadie
Hawkins Day in Dogpatch and Sat
urday night's sophomore-sponsored
Sadie Hawkins Hop is that the men
aren't running away.
Realizing now what, it feels like to
sit home and wait for a date, Farm
men have even agreed to furnish
transportation to the Hop if cam
pus "Daisy Maes" do not have cars.
Tickets are now available in all
sorority houses and in women's
halls and living groups as well as
at the A.S.S.U. office for $1 per
couple according to Chairman Ruth
Whitney.
New plans for the dance include
several additions to the floor show
program in conjunction with Art Mc-
Cue's "Parade in Review" of many
past campus hits from Gaieties and
Spring Shows.
The only difference between Sadie
Hawkins Day in Dogpatch and Sat
urday night's sophomore-sponsored
Sadie Hawkins Hop is that the men
aren't running away.
Realizing now what, it feels like to
sit home and wait for a date, Farm
men have even agreed to furnish
transportation to the Hop if cam
pus "Daisy Maes" do not have cars.
Tickets are now available in all
sorority houses and in women's
halls and living groups as well as
at the A.S.S.U. office for $1 per
couple according to Chairman Ruth
Whitney.
New plans for the dance include
several additions to the floor show
program in conjunction with Art Mc-
Cue's "Parade in Review" of many
past campus hits from Gaieties and
Spring Shows.
The only difference between Sadie
Hawkins Day in Dogpatch and Sat
urday night's sophomore-sponsored
Sadie Hawkins Hop is that the men
aren't running away.
Realizing now what, it feels like to
sit home and wait for a date, Farm
men have even agreed to furnish
transportation to the Hop if cam
pus "Daisy Maes" do not have cars.
Tickets are now available in all
sorority houses and in women's
halls and living groups as well as
at the A.S.S.U. office for $1 per
couple according to Chairman Ruth
Whitney.
New plans for the dance include
several additions to the floor show
program in conjunction with Art Mc-
Cue's "Parade in Review" of many
past campus hits from Gaieties and
Spring Shows.
