# News of Former Students.
## 
### 
—On Wednesday, March 8, Miss
May Hoover, Hygiene, '02, was
married to Mr. Van Leavitt, of
Newberg, Ore. Miss Hoover is a
sister of H. C. Hoover, '95, who
was recently married to Miss Lou
Henry, '98.
—Miss Bessie Murray, ex-'99, re
cently won second honors in an
oratorical contest at Northwestern
University, and a chance of repre
senting the Northwestern at the
Northern Oratorical League contest
at Oberlin, May 5. The tirst prize
went to Barry Gilbert, of Chicago.
Should he be prevented from going,
however, Miss Murray will take his
place. She is the first woman
student at Northwestern to receive
the distinction of taking part in a
local debating contest or winning a
prize. The Northern Oratorical
League is made up of the leading
colleges in Illinois, Indiana, Wis
consin, and Ohio.
—On Wednesday, March 8, Miss
May Hoover, Hygiene, '02, was
married to Mr. Van Leavitt, of
Newberg, Ore. Miss Hoover is a
sister of H. C. Hoover, '95, who
was recently married to Miss Lou
Henry, '98.
—Miss Bessie Murray, ex-'99, re
cently won second honors in an
oratorical contest at Northwestern
University, and a chance of repre
senting the Northwestern at the
Northern Oratorical League contest
at Oberlin, May 5. The tirst prize
went to Barry Gilbert, of Chicago.
Should he be prevented from going,
however, Miss Murray will take his
place. She is the first woman
student at Northwestern to receive
the distinction of taking part in a
local debating contest or winning a
prize. The Northern Oratorical
League is made up of the leading
colleges in Illinois, Indiana, Wis
consin, and Ohio.
—On Wednesday, March 8, Miss
May Hoover, Hygiene, '02, was
married to Mr. Van Leavitt, of
Newberg, Ore. Miss Hoover is a
sister of H. C. Hoover, '95, who
was recently married to Miss Lou
Henry, '98.
—Miss Bessie Murray, ex-'99, re
cently won second honors in an
oratorical contest at Northwestern
University, and a chance of repre
senting the Northwestern at the
Northern Oratorical League contest
at Oberlin, May 5. The tirst prize
went to Barry Gilbert, of Chicago.
Should he be prevented from going,
however, Miss Murray will take his
place. She is the first woman
student at Northwestern to receive
the distinction of taking part in a
local debating contest or winning a
prize. The Northern Oratorical
League is made up of the leading
colleges in Illinois, Indiana, Wis
consin, and Ohio.
—On Wednesday, March 8, Miss
May Hoover, Hygiene, '02, was
married to Mr. Van Leavitt, of
Newberg, Ore. Miss Hoover is a
sister of H. C. Hoover, '95, who
was recently married to Miss Lou
Henry, '98.
—Miss Bessie Murray, ex-'99, re
cently won second honors in an
oratorical contest at Northwestern
University, and a chance of repre
senting the Northwestern at the
Northern Oratorical League contest
at Oberlin, May 5. The tirst prize
went to Barry Gilbert, of Chicago.
Should he be prevented from going,
however, Miss Murray will take his
place. She is the first woman
student at Northwestern to receive
the distinction of taking part in a
local debating contest or winning a
prize. The Northern Oratorical
League is made up of the leading
colleges in Illinois, Indiana, Wis
consin, and Ohio.
—On Wednesday, March 8, Miss
May Hoover, Hygiene, '02, was
married to Mr. Van Leavitt, of
Newberg, Ore. Miss Hoover is a
sister of H. C. Hoover, '95, who
was recently married to Miss Lou
Henry, '98.
—Miss Bessie Murray, ex-'99, re
cently won second honors in an
oratorical contest at Northwestern
University, and a chance of repre
senting the Northwestern at the
Northern Oratorical League contest
at Oberlin, May 5. The tirst prize
went to Barry Gilbert, of Chicago.
Should he be prevented from going,
however, Miss Murray will take his
place. She is the first woman
student at Northwestern to receive
the distinction of taking part in a
local debating contest or winning a
prize. The Northern Oratorical
League is made up of the leading
colleges in Illinois, Indiana, Wis
consin, and Ohio.
—On Wednesday, March 8, Miss
May Hoover, Hygiene, '02, was
married to Mr. Van Leavitt, of
Newberg, Ore. Miss Hoover is a
sister of H. C. Hoover, '95, who
was recently married to Miss Lou
Henry, '98.
—Miss Bessie Murray, ex-'99, re
cently won second honors in an
oratorical contest at Northwestern
University, and a chance of repre
senting the Northwestern at the
Northern Oratorical League contest
at Oberlin, May 5. The tirst prize
went to Barry Gilbert, of Chicago.
Should he be prevented from going,
however, Miss Murray will take his
place. She is the first woman
student at Northwestern to receive
the distinction of taking part in a
local debating contest or winning a
prize. The Northern Oratorical
League is made up of the leading
colleges in Illinois, Indiana, Wis
consin, and Ohio.
