# Appointment of Prof. Newsom.
## 
### 
John F. Newsom, A. 8., Indiana
'91, A. M., Stanford '92, who has
been doing the work of Associate
Professor in the Geology Depart
ment temporarily, has been made
permanent Associate Professor of
Mining and Metallurgy in that de
partment. Professor Newsom came
bere in January to continue the
work begun by Professor Lindgren,
and at the same time to do work to
ward a doctor's degree, lie held a
corresponding position in the Uni
versity of Indiana during the year
1896-97, being at the same time
director of the Indiana University
Geological Survey. 11 is present
promotion is quite in line with his
past record and the position one for
which his experience well tits him.
John F. Newsom, A. 8., Indiana
'91, A. M., Stanford '92, who has
been doing the work of Associate
Professor in the Geology Depart
ment temporarily, has been made
permanent Associate Professor of
Mining and Metallurgy in that de
partment. Professor Newsom came
bere in January to continue the
work begun by Professor Lindgren,
and at the same time to do work to
ward a doctor's degree, lie held a
corresponding position in the Uni
versity of Indiana during the year
1896-97, being at the same time
director of the Indiana University
Geological Survey. 11 is present
promotion is quite in line with his
past record and the position one for
which his experience well tits him.
John F. Newsom, A. 8., Indiana
'91, A. M., Stanford '92, who has
been doing the work of Associate
Professor in the Geology Depart
ment temporarily, has been made
permanent Associate Professor of
Mining and Metallurgy in that de
partment. Professor Newsom came
bere in January to continue the
work begun by Professor Lindgren,
and at the same time to do work to
ward a doctor's degree, lie held a
corresponding position in the Uni
versity of Indiana during the year
1896-97, being at the same time
director of the Indiana University
Geological Survey. 11 is present
promotion is quite in line with his
past record and the position one for
which his experience well tits him.
John F. Newsom, A. 8., Indiana
'91, A. M., Stanford '92, who has
been doing the work of Associate
Professor in the Geology Depart
ment temporarily, has been made
permanent Associate Professor of
Mining and Metallurgy in that de
partment. Professor Newsom came
bere in January to continue the
work begun by Professor Lindgren,
and at the same time to do work to
ward a doctor's degree, lie held a
corresponding position in the Uni
versity of Indiana during the year
1896-97, being at the same time
director of the Indiana University
Geological Survey. 11 is present
promotion is quite in line with his
past record and the position one for
which his experience well tits him.
John F. Newsom, A. 8., Indiana
'91, A. M., Stanford '92, who has
been doing the work of Associate
Professor in the Geology Depart
ment temporarily, has been made
permanent Associate Professor of
Mining and Metallurgy in that de
partment. Professor Newsom came
bere in January to continue the
work begun by Professor Lindgren,
and at the same time to do work to
ward a doctor's degree, lie held a
corresponding position in the Uni
versity of Indiana during the year
1896-97, being at the same time
director of the Indiana University
Geological Survey. 11 is present
promotion is quite in line with his
past record and the position one for
which his experience well tits him.
John F. Newsom, A. 8., Indiana
'91, A. M., Stanford '92, who has
been doing the work of Associate
Professor in the Geology Depart
ment temporarily, has been made
permanent Associate Professor of
Mining and Metallurgy in that de
partment. Professor Newsom came
bere in January to continue the
work begun by Professor Lindgren,
and at the same time to do work to
ward a doctor's degree, lie held a
corresponding position in the Uni
versity of Indiana during the year
1896-97, being at the same time
director of the Indiana University
Geological Survey. 11 is present
promotion is quite in line with his
past record and the position one for
which his experience well tits him.
