# Meeting of '97.
## 
### 
This afternoon at, 1:30, in the physi
cal lecture room, '97 held a spirited
meeting which was largely attended.
Officers were elecotod its follows: Presi
dent, I)e Wolfe; first vice-president,
Timmons; second vice-president, Miss
liny; secretary, Wells; treasurer,
Walkerj sergeant at-arms, Roach; class
hi.-itoTiun, lloss; baseball manager, liu
millcr; football manager, Kirk; class
council, Strong, Hoyd, Williams, Gibbs,
O'Neil, Treat.
This afternoon at, 1:30, in the physi
cal lecture room, '97 held a spirited
meeting which was largely attended.
Officers were elecotod its follows: Presi
dent, I)e Wolfe; first vice-president,
Timmons; second vice-president, Miss
liny; secretary, Wells; treasurer,
Walkerj sergeant at-arms, Roach; class
hi.-itoTiun, lloss; baseball manager, liu
millcr; football manager, Kirk; class
council, Strong, Hoyd, Williams, Gibbs,
O'Neil, Treat.
This afternoon at, 1:30, in the physi
cal lecture room, '97 held a spirited
meeting which was largely attended.
Officers were elecotod its follows: Presi
dent, I)e Wolfe; first vice-president,
Timmons; second vice-president, Miss
liny; secretary, Wells; treasurer,
Walkerj sergeant at-arms, Roach; class
hi.-itoTiun, lloss; baseball manager, liu
millcr; football manager, Kirk; class
council, Strong, Hoyd, Williams, Gibbs,
O'Neil, Treat.
