# REBATES DUE MAY 15
## 
### 
White .cbatc slips must be turned
in by May 15. None will be accepted
after that date, the Stanford Book
store announces.
White .cbatc slips must be turned
in by May 15. None will be accepted
after that date, the Stanford Book
store announces.
White .cbatc slips must be turned
in by May 15. None will be accepted
after that date, the Stanford Book
store announces.
White .cbatc slips must be turned
in by May 15. None will be accepted
after that date, the Stanford Book
store announces.
White .cbatc slips must be turned
in by May 15. None will be accepted
after that date, the Stanford Book
store announces.
White .cbatc slips must be turned
in by May 15. None will be accepted
after that date, the Stanford Book
store announces.
White .cbatc slips must be turned
in by May 15. None will be accepted
after that date, the Stanford Book
store announces.
White .cbatc slips must be turned
in by May 15. None will be accepted
after that date, the Stanford Book
store announces.
White .cbatc slips must be turned
in by May 15. None will be accepted
after that date, the Stanford Book
store announces.
White .cbatc slips must be turned
in by May 15. None will be accepted
after that date, the Stanford Book
store announces.
White .cbatc slips must be turned
in by May 15. None will be accepted
after that date, the Stanford Book
store announces.
White .cbatc slips must be turned
in by May 15. None will be accepted
after that date, the Stanford Book
store announces.
White .cbatc slips must be turned
in by May 15. None will be accepted
after that date, the Stanford Book
store announces.
White .cbatc slips must be turned
in by May 15. None will be accepted
after that date, the Stanford Book
store announces.
White .cbatc slips must be turned
in by May 15. None will be accepted
after that date, the Stanford Book
store announces.
