# Higgins Elected Casaba Captain
## 
### 
Last Friday afternoon the basket-,
ball squad got together and elected
Babe Higgins as captain for the
1947-48 season. Higgins' outstand
ing floor work and ball handling
was a key factor in the success of
Everett Dean's team of last season.
Higgins was selected on the
Coaches' All-Southern Division
team, for his outstanding play at
forward. He also won a Block "S"
last fall by playing end for. the
varsity football team.
Last Friday afternoon the basket-,
ball squad got together and elected
Babe Higgins as captain for the
1947-48 season. Higgins' outstand
ing floor work and ball handling
was a key factor in the success of
Everett Dean's team of last season.
Higgins was selected on the
Coaches' All-Southern Division
team, for his outstanding play at
forward. He also won a Block "S"
last fall by playing end for. the
varsity football team.
Last Friday afternoon the basket-,
ball squad got together and elected
Babe Higgins as captain for the
1947-48 season. Higgins' outstand
ing floor work and ball handling
was a key factor in the success of
Everett Dean's team of last season.
Higgins was selected on the
Coaches' All-Southern Division
team, for his outstanding play at
forward. He also won a Block "S"
last fall by playing end for. the
varsity football team.
Last Friday afternoon the basket-,
ball squad got together and elected
Babe Higgins as captain for the
1947-48 season. Higgins' outstand
ing floor work and ball handling
was a key factor in the success of
Everett Dean's team of last season.
Higgins was selected on the
Coaches' All-Southern Division
team, for his outstanding play at
forward. He also won a Block "S"
last fall by playing end for. the
varsity football team.
Last Friday afternoon the basket-,
ball squad got together and elected
Babe Higgins as captain for the
1947-48 season. Higgins' outstand
ing floor work and ball handling
was a key factor in the success of
Everett Dean's team of last season.
Higgins was selected on the
Coaches' All-Southern Division
team, for his outstanding play at
forward. He also won a Block "S"
last fall by playing end for. the
varsity football team.
Last Friday afternoon the basket-,
ball squad got together and elected
Babe Higgins as captain for the
1947-48 season. Higgins' outstand
ing floor work and ball handling
was a key factor in the success of
Everett Dean's team of last season.
Higgins was selected on the
Coaches' All-Southern Division
team, for his outstanding play at
forward. He also won a Block "S"
last fall by playing end for. the
varsity football team.
Last Friday afternoon the basket-,
ball squad got together and elected
Babe Higgins as captain for the
1947-48 season. Higgins' outstand
ing floor work and ball handling
was a key factor in the success of
Everett Dean's team of last season.
Higgins was selected on the
Coaches' All-Southern Division
team, for his outstanding play at
forward. He also won a Block "S"
last fall by playing end for. the
varsity football team.
Last Friday afternoon the basket-,
ball squad got together and elected
Babe Higgins as captain for the
1947-48 season. Higgins' outstand
ing floor work and ball handling
was a key factor in the success of
Everett Dean's team of last season.
Higgins was selected on the
Coaches' All-Southern Division
team, for his outstanding play at
forward. He also won a Block "S"
last fall by playing end for. the
varsity football team.
Last Friday afternoon the basket-,
ball squad got together and elected
Babe Higgins as captain for the
1947-48 season. Higgins' outstand
ing floor work and ball handling
was a key factor in the success of
Everett Dean's team of last season.
Higgins was selected on the
Coaches' All-Southern Division
team, for his outstanding play at
forward. He also won a Block "S"
last fall by playing end for. the
varsity football team.
Last Friday afternoon the basket-,
ball squad got together and elected
Babe Higgins as captain for the
1947-48 season. Higgins' outstand
ing floor work and ball handling
was a key factor in the success of
Everett Dean's team of last season.
Higgins was selected on the
Coaches' All-Southern Division
team, for his outstanding play at
forward. He also won a Block "S"
last fall by playing end for. the
varsity football team.
Last Friday afternoon the basket-,
ball squad got together and elected
Babe Higgins as captain for the
1947-48 season. Higgins' outstand
ing floor work and ball handling
was a key factor in the success of
Everett Dean's team of last season.
Higgins was selected on the
Coaches' All-Southern Division
team, for his outstanding play at
forward. He also won a Block "S"
last fall by playing end for. the
varsity football team.
Last Friday afternoon the basket-,
ball squad got together and elected
Babe Higgins as captain for the
1947-48 season. Higgins' outstand
ing floor work and ball handling
was a key factor in the success of
Everett Dean's team of last season.
Higgins was selected on the
Coaches' All-Southern Division
team, for his outstanding play at
forward. He also won a Block "S"
last fall by playing end for. the
varsity football team.
Last Friday afternoon the basket-,
ball squad got together and elected
Babe Higgins as captain for the
1947-48 season. Higgins' outstand
ing floor work and ball handling
was a key factor in the success of
Everett Dean's team of last season.
Higgins was selected on the
Coaches' All-Southern Division
team, for his outstanding play at
forward. He also won a Block "S"
last fall by playing end for. the
varsity football team.
Last Friday afternoon the basket-,
ball squad got together and elected
Babe Higgins as captain for the
1947-48 season. Higgins' outstand
ing floor work and ball handling
was a key factor in the success of
Everett Dean's team of last season.
Higgins was selected on the
Coaches' All-Southern Division
team, for his outstanding play at
forward. He also won a Block "S"
last fall by playing end for. the
varsity football team.
Last Friday afternoon the basket-,
ball squad got together and elected
Babe Higgins as captain for the
1947-48 season. Higgins' outstand
ing floor work and ball handling
was a key factor in the success of
Everett Dean's team of last season.
Higgins was selected on the
Coaches' All-Southern Division
team, for his outstanding play at
forward. He also won a Block "S"
last fall by playing end for. the
varsity football team.
