# Adv. 15 Page 4
## 
### 
THY OI K
® They've plenly 011 llie hall
• Lots of drive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
lo
I? E S U L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
THY OI K
® They've plenly 011 llie hall
• Lots of drive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
lo
I? E S U L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
THY OI K
® They've plenly 011 llie hall
• Lots of drive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
lo
I? E S U L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
THY OI K
® They've plenly 011 llie hall
• Lots of drive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
lo
I? E S U L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
THY OI K
® They've plenly 011 llie hall
• Lots of drive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
lo
I? E S U L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
THY OI K
® They've plenly 011 llie hall
• Lots of drive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
lo
I? E S U L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
THY OI K
® They've plenly 011 llie hall
• Lots of drive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
lo
I? E S U L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
THY OI K
® They've plenly 011 llie hall
• Lots of drive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
lo
I? E S U L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
THY OI K
® They've plenly 011 llie hall
• Lots of drive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
lo
I? E S U L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
THY OI K
® They've plenly 011 llie hall
• Lots of drive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
lo
I? E S U L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
THY OI K
® They've plenly 011 llie hall
• Lots of drive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
lo
I? E S U L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
THY OI K
® They've plenly 011 llie hall
• Lots of drive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
lo
I? E S U L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
THY OI K
® They've plenly 011 llie hall
• Lots of drive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
lo
I? E S U L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
THY OI K
® They've plenly 011 llie hall
• Lots of drive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
lo
I? E S U L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
THY OI K
® They've plenly 011 llie hall
• Lots of drive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
lo
I? E S U L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
THY OI K
® They've plenly 011 llie hall
• Lots of drive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
lo
I? E S U L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
THY OI K
® They've plenly 011 llie hall
• Lots of drive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
lo
I? E S U L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
