# Strawberry Fest Scheduled May 6
## 
### 
The Strawberry Brunch, given an
nually in connection with the Con
valescent Home Drive, will be held
May 6 in Union Court. No desserts
will be served in the living groups
that day.
Co-chairmen of the Brunch are
Ruthellen List arid George Concan
non. Other conrrfuttee chairmen are:
food, Jean Chambers; equipment,
Myron Folsom; tickets, Aubrey Aus
tin; servers, Widney Watson; pub
licity, Bess Paulson; clean-up, Betty
Jane Binney, Ross Anderson; music,
Neil Ballard; entertainment, Lee
Henkel, Bob Shiner.
The Strawberry Brunch, given an
nually in connection with the Con
valescent Home Drive, will be held
May 6 in Union Court. No desserts
will be served in the living groups
that day.
Co-chairmen of the Brunch are
Ruthellen List arid George Concan
non. Other conrrfuttee chairmen are:
food, Jean Chambers; equipment,
Myron Folsom; tickets, Aubrey Aus
tin; servers, Widney Watson; pub
licity, Bess Paulson; clean-up, Betty
Jane Binney, Ross Anderson; music,
Neil Ballard; entertainment, Lee
Henkel, Bob Shiner.
The Strawberry Brunch, given an
nually in connection with the Con
valescent Home Drive, will be held
May 6 in Union Court. No desserts
will be served in the living groups
that day.
Co-chairmen of the Brunch are
Ruthellen List arid George Concan
non. Other conrrfuttee chairmen are:
food, Jean Chambers; equipment,
Myron Folsom; tickets, Aubrey Aus
tin; servers, Widney Watson; pub
licity, Bess Paulson; clean-up, Betty
Jane Binney, Ross Anderson; music,
Neil Ballard; entertainment, Lee
Henkel, Bob Shiner.
The Strawberry Brunch, given an
nually in connection with the Con
valescent Home Drive, will be held
May 6 in Union Court. No desserts
will be served in the living groups
that day.
Co-chairmen of the Brunch are
Ruthellen List arid George Concan
non. Other conrrfuttee chairmen are:
food, Jean Chambers; equipment,
Myron Folsom; tickets, Aubrey Aus
tin; servers, Widney Watson; pub
licity, Bess Paulson; clean-up, Betty
Jane Binney, Ross Anderson; music,
Neil Ballard; entertainment, Lee
Henkel, Bob Shiner.
The Strawberry Brunch, given an
nually in connection with the Con
valescent Home Drive, will be held
May 6 in Union Court. No desserts
will be served in the living groups
that day.
Co-chairmen of the Brunch are
Ruthellen List arid George Concan
non. Other conrrfuttee chairmen are:
food, Jean Chambers; equipment,
Myron Folsom; tickets, Aubrey Aus
tin; servers, Widney Watson; pub
licity, Bess Paulson; clean-up, Betty
Jane Binney, Ross Anderson; music,
Neil Ballard; entertainment, Lee
Henkel, Bob Shiner.
The Strawberry Brunch, given an
nually in connection with the Con
valescent Home Drive, will be held
May 6 in Union Court. No desserts
will be served in the living groups
that day.
Co-chairmen of the Brunch are
Ruthellen List arid George Concan
non. Other conrrfuttee chairmen are:
food, Jean Chambers; equipment,
Myron Folsom; tickets, Aubrey Aus
tin; servers, Widney Watson; pub
licity, Bess Paulson; clean-up, Betty
Jane Binney, Ross Anderson; music,
Neil Ballard; entertainment, Lee
Henkel, Bob Shiner.
The Strawberry Brunch, given an
nually in connection with the Con
valescent Home Drive, will be held
May 6 in Union Court. No desserts
will be served in the living groups
that day.
Co-chairmen of the Brunch are
Ruthellen List arid George Concan
non. Other conrrfuttee chairmen are:
food, Jean Chambers; equipment,
Myron Folsom; tickets, Aubrey Aus
tin; servers, Widney Watson; pub
licity, Bess Paulson; clean-up, Betty
Jane Binney, Ross Anderson; music,
Neil Ballard; entertainment, Lee
Henkel, Bob Shiner.
The Strawberry Brunch, given an
nually in connection with the Con
valescent Home Drive, will be held
May 6 in Union Court. No desserts
will be served in the living groups
that day.
Co-chairmen of the Brunch are
Ruthellen List arid George Concan
non. Other conrrfuttee chairmen are:
food, Jean Chambers; equipment,
Myron Folsom; tickets, Aubrey Aus
tin; servers, Widney Watson; pub
licity, Bess Paulson; clean-up, Betty
Jane Binney, Ross Anderson; music,
Neil Ballard; entertainment, Lee
Henkel, Bob Shiner.
The Strawberry Brunch, given an
nually in connection with the Con
valescent Home Drive, will be held
May 6 in Union Court. No desserts
will be served in the living groups
that day.
Co-chairmen of the Brunch are
Ruthellen List arid George Concan
non. Other conrrfuttee chairmen are:
food, Jean Chambers; equipment,
Myron Folsom; tickets, Aubrey Aus
tin; servers, Widney Watson; pub
licity, Bess Paulson; clean-up, Betty
Jane Binney, Ross Anderson; music,
Neil Ballard; entertainment, Lee
Henkel, Bob Shiner.
The Strawberry Brunch, given an
nually in connection with the Con
valescent Home Drive, will be held
May 6 in Union Court. No desserts
will be served in the living groups
that day.
Co-chairmen of the Brunch are
Ruthellen List arid George Concan
non. Other conrrfuttee chairmen are:
food, Jean Chambers; equipment,
Myron Folsom; tickets, Aubrey Aus
tin; servers, Widney Watson; pub
licity, Bess Paulson; clean-up, Betty
Jane Binney, Ross Anderson; music,
Neil Ballard; entertainment, Lee
Henkel, Bob Shiner.
The Strawberry Brunch, given an
nually in connection with the Con
valescent Home Drive, will be held
May 6 in Union Court. No desserts
will be served in the living groups
that day.
Co-chairmen of the Brunch are
Ruthellen List arid George Concan
non. Other conrrfuttee chairmen are:
food, Jean Chambers; equipment,
Myron Folsom; tickets, Aubrey Aus
tin; servers, Widney Watson; pub
licity, Bess Paulson; clean-up, Betty
Jane Binney, Ross Anderson; music,
Neil Ballard; entertainment, Lee
Henkel, Bob Shiner.
The Strawberry Brunch, given an
nually in connection with the Con
valescent Home Drive, will be held
May 6 in Union Court. No desserts
will be served in the living groups
that day.
Co-chairmen of the Brunch are
Ruthellen List arid George Concan
non. Other conrrfuttee chairmen are:
food, Jean Chambers; equipment,
Myron Folsom; tickets, Aubrey Aus
tin; servers, Widney Watson; pub
licity, Bess Paulson; clean-up, Betty
Jane Binney, Ross Anderson; music,
Neil Ballard; entertainment, Lee
Henkel, Bob Shiner.
The Strawberry Brunch, given an
nually in connection with the Con
valescent Home Drive, will be held
May 6 in Union Court. No desserts
will be served in the living groups
that day.
Co-chairmen of the Brunch are
Ruthellen List arid George Concan
non. Other conrrfuttee chairmen are:
food, Jean Chambers; equipment,
Myron Folsom; tickets, Aubrey Aus
tin; servers, Widney Watson; pub
licity, Bess Paulson; clean-up, Betty
Jane Binney, Ross Anderson; music,
Neil Ballard; entertainment, Lee
Henkel, Bob Shiner.
The Strawberry Brunch, given an
nually in connection with the Con
valescent Home Drive, will be held
May 6 in Union Court. No desserts
will be served in the living groups
that day.
Co-chairmen of the Brunch are
Ruthellen List arid George Concan
non. Other conrrfuttee chairmen are:
food, Jean Chambers; equipment,
Myron Folsom; tickets, Aubrey Aus
tin; servers, Widney Watson; pub
licity, Bess Paulson; clean-up, Betty
Jane Binney, Ross Anderson; music,
Neil Ballard; entertainment, Lee
Henkel, Bob Shiner.
The Strawberry Brunch, given an
nually in connection with the Con
valescent Home Drive, will be held
May 6 in Union Court. No desserts
will be served in the living groups
that day.
Co-chairmen of the Brunch are
Ruthellen List arid George Concan
non. Other conrrfuttee chairmen are:
food, Jean Chambers; equipment,
Myron Folsom; tickets, Aubrey Aus
tin; servers, Widney Watson; pub
licity, Bess Paulson; clean-up, Betty
Jane Binney, Ross Anderson; music,
Neil Ballard; entertainment, Lee
Henkel, Bob Shiner.
The Strawberry Brunch, given an
nually in connection with the Con
valescent Home Drive, will be held
May 6 in Union Court. No desserts
will be served in the living groups
that day.
Co-chairmen of the Brunch are
Ruthellen List arid George Concan
non. Other conrrfuttee chairmen are:
food, Jean Chambers; equipment,
Myron Folsom; tickets, Aubrey Aus
tin; servers, Widney Watson; pub
licity, Bess Paulson; clean-up, Betty
Jane Binney, Ross Anderson; music,
Neil Ballard; entertainment, Lee
Henkel, Bob Shiner.
The Strawberry Brunch, given an
nually in connection with the Con
valescent Home Drive, will be held
May 6 in Union Court. No desserts
will be served in the living groups
that day.
Co-chairmen of the Brunch are
Ruthellen List arid George Concan
non. Other conrrfuttee chairmen are:
food, Jean Chambers; equipment,
Myron Folsom; tickets, Aubrey Aus
tin; servers, Widney Watson; pub
licity, Bess Paulson; clean-up, Betty
Jane Binney, Ross Anderson; music,
Neil Ballard; entertainment, Lee
Henkel, Bob Shiner.
