# Dodge Elected Head Sponsor
## 
### 
Bob Dodge, junior from Laurel,
was last night elected to succeed
Joe Weiner as head Encina sponsor
for 1940-41. John Alltucker was
elected secretary.
Other sponsors appointed by Dean
John Bunn and approved by Presi
dent Ray Lyman Wilbur are as fol
lows: Hugh O'Donnell, Bob Low,
John Pollock, Charles Bull, Frank
Weedcn, Barry Binns, Joe Wilson,
Ralph Thompson, Bob Efteland, Bob
Morton, Bob Dofflemeyer, and Bill
Turner.
Men who served as sponsors this
year and who will return are Frank
Van Acker, John Porter, John All
tucker, Bob Dodge, Frank Knowles,
Bill Niccolls, Lyle Cook, and Bob
Hovey.
Bob Dodge, junior from Laurel,
was last night elected to succeed
Joe Weiner as head Encina sponsor
for 1940-41. John Alltucker was
elected secretary.
Other sponsors appointed by Dean
John Bunn and approved by Presi
dent Ray Lyman Wilbur are as fol
lows: Hugh O'Donnell, Bob Low,
John Pollock, Charles Bull, Frank
Weedcn, Barry Binns, Joe Wilson,
Ralph Thompson, Bob Efteland, Bob
Morton, Bob Dofflemeyer, and Bill
Turner.
Men who served as sponsors this
year and who will return are Frank
Van Acker, John Porter, John All
tucker, Bob Dodge, Frank Knowles,
Bill Niccolls, Lyle Cook, and Bob
Hovey.
Bob Dodge, junior from Laurel,
was last night elected to succeed
Joe Weiner as head Encina sponsor
for 1940-41. John Alltucker was
elected secretary.
Other sponsors appointed by Dean
John Bunn and approved by Presi
dent Ray Lyman Wilbur are as fol
lows: Hugh O'Donnell, Bob Low,
John Pollock, Charles Bull, Frank
Weedcn, Barry Binns, Joe Wilson,
Ralph Thompson, Bob Efteland, Bob
Morton, Bob Dofflemeyer, and Bill
Turner.
Men who served as sponsors this
year and who will return are Frank
Van Acker, John Porter, John All
tucker, Bob Dodge, Frank Knowles,
Bill Niccolls, Lyle Cook, and Bob
Hovey.
Bob Dodge, junior from Laurel,
was last night elected to succeed
Joe Weiner as head Encina sponsor
for 1940-41. John Alltucker was
elected secretary.
Other sponsors appointed by Dean
John Bunn and approved by Presi
dent Ray Lyman Wilbur are as fol
lows: Hugh O'Donnell, Bob Low,
John Pollock, Charles Bull, Frank
Weedcn, Barry Binns, Joe Wilson,
Ralph Thompson, Bob Efteland, Bob
Morton, Bob Dofflemeyer, and Bill
Turner.
Men who served as sponsors this
year and who will return are Frank
Van Acker, John Porter, John All
tucker, Bob Dodge, Frank Knowles,
Bill Niccolls, Lyle Cook, and Bob
Hovey.
Bob Dodge, junior from Laurel,
was last night elected to succeed
Joe Weiner as head Encina sponsor
for 1940-41. John Alltucker was
elected secretary.
Other sponsors appointed by Dean
John Bunn and approved by Presi
dent Ray Lyman Wilbur are as fol
lows: Hugh O'Donnell, Bob Low,
John Pollock, Charles Bull, Frank
Weedcn, Barry Binns, Joe Wilson,
Ralph Thompson, Bob Efteland, Bob
Morton, Bob Dofflemeyer, and Bill
Turner.
Men who served as sponsors this
year and who will return are Frank
Van Acker, John Porter, John All
tucker, Bob Dodge, Frank Knowles,
Bill Niccolls, Lyle Cook, and Bob
Hovey.
Bob Dodge, junior from Laurel,
was last night elected to succeed
Joe Weiner as head Encina sponsor
for 1940-41. John Alltucker was
elected secretary.
Other sponsors appointed by Dean
John Bunn and approved by Presi
dent Ray Lyman Wilbur are as fol
lows: Hugh O'Donnell, Bob Low,
John Pollock, Charles Bull, Frank
Weedcn, Barry Binns, Joe Wilson,
Ralph Thompson, Bob Efteland, Bob
Morton, Bob Dofflemeyer, and Bill
Turner.
Men who served as sponsors this
year and who will return are Frank
Van Acker, John Porter, John All
tucker, Bob Dodge, Frank Knowles,
Bill Niccolls, Lyle Cook, and Bob
Hovey.
Bob Dodge, junior from Laurel,
was last night elected to succeed
Joe Weiner as head Encina sponsor
for 1940-41. John Alltucker was
elected secretary.
Other sponsors appointed by Dean
John Bunn and approved by Presi
dent Ray Lyman Wilbur are as fol
lows: Hugh O'Donnell, Bob Low,
John Pollock, Charles Bull, Frank
Weedcn, Barry Binns, Joe Wilson,
Ralph Thompson, Bob Efteland, Bob
Morton, Bob Dofflemeyer, and Bill
Turner.
Men who served as sponsors this
year and who will return are Frank
Van Acker, John Porter, John All
tucker, Bob Dodge, Frank Knowles,
Bill Niccolls, Lyle Cook, and Bob
Hovey.
Bob Dodge, junior from Laurel,
was last night elected to succeed
Joe Weiner as head Encina sponsor
for 1940-41. John Alltucker was
elected secretary.
Other sponsors appointed by Dean
John Bunn and approved by Presi
dent Ray Lyman Wilbur are as fol
lows: Hugh O'Donnell, Bob Low,
John Pollock, Charles Bull, Frank
Weedcn, Barry Binns, Joe Wilson,
Ralph Thompson, Bob Efteland, Bob
Morton, Bob Dofflemeyer, and Bill
Turner.
Men who served as sponsors this
year and who will return are Frank
Van Acker, John Porter, John All
tucker, Bob Dodge, Frank Knowles,
Bill Niccolls, Lyle Cook, and Bob
Hovey.
Bob Dodge, junior from Laurel,
was last night elected to succeed
Joe Weiner as head Encina sponsor
for 1940-41. John Alltucker was
elected secretary.
Other sponsors appointed by Dean
John Bunn and approved by Presi
dent Ray Lyman Wilbur are as fol
lows: Hugh O'Donnell, Bob Low,
John Pollock, Charles Bull, Frank
Weedcn, Barry Binns, Joe Wilson,
Ralph Thompson, Bob Efteland, Bob
Morton, Bob Dofflemeyer, and Bill
Turner.
Men who served as sponsors this
year and who will return are Frank
Van Acker, John Porter, John All
tucker, Bob Dodge, Frank Knowles,
Bill Niccolls, Lyle Cook, and Bob
Hovey.
Bob Dodge, junior from Laurel,
was last night elected to succeed
Joe Weiner as head Encina sponsor
for 1940-41. John Alltucker was
elected secretary.
Other sponsors appointed by Dean
John Bunn and approved by Presi
dent Ray Lyman Wilbur are as fol
lows: Hugh O'Donnell, Bob Low,
John Pollock, Charles Bull, Frank
Weedcn, Barry Binns, Joe Wilson,
Ralph Thompson, Bob Efteland, Bob
Morton, Bob Dofflemeyer, and Bill
Turner.
Men who served as sponsors this
year and who will return are Frank
Van Acker, John Porter, John All
tucker, Bob Dodge, Frank Knowles,
Bill Niccolls, Lyle Cook, and Bob
Hovey.
Bob Dodge, junior from Laurel,
was last night elected to succeed
Joe Weiner as head Encina sponsor
for 1940-41. John Alltucker was
elected secretary.
Other sponsors appointed by Dean
John Bunn and approved by Presi
dent Ray Lyman Wilbur are as fol
lows: Hugh O'Donnell, Bob Low,
John Pollock, Charles Bull, Frank
Weedcn, Barry Binns, Joe Wilson,
Ralph Thompson, Bob Efteland, Bob
Morton, Bob Dofflemeyer, and Bill
Turner.
Men who served as sponsors this
year and who will return are Frank
Van Acker, John Porter, John All
tucker, Bob Dodge, Frank Knowles,
Bill Niccolls, Lyle Cook, and Bob
Hovey.
Bob Dodge, junior from Laurel,
was last night elected to succeed
Joe Weiner as head Encina sponsor
for 1940-41. John Alltucker was
elected secretary.
Other sponsors appointed by Dean
John Bunn and approved by Presi
dent Ray Lyman Wilbur are as fol
lows: Hugh O'Donnell, Bob Low,
John Pollock, Charles Bull, Frank
Weedcn, Barry Binns, Joe Wilson,
Ralph Thompson, Bob Efteland, Bob
Morton, Bob Dofflemeyer, and Bill
Turner.
Men who served as sponsors this
year and who will return are Frank
Van Acker, John Porter, John All
tucker, Bob Dodge, Frank Knowles,
Bill Niccolls, Lyle Cook, and Bob
Hovey.
Bob Dodge, junior from Laurel,
was last night elected to succeed
Joe Weiner as head Encina sponsor
for 1940-41. John Alltucker was
elected secretary.
Other sponsors appointed by Dean
John Bunn and approved by Presi
dent Ray Lyman Wilbur are as fol
lows: Hugh O'Donnell, Bob Low,
John Pollock, Charles Bull, Frank
Weedcn, Barry Binns, Joe Wilson,
Ralph Thompson, Bob Efteland, Bob
Morton, Bob Dofflemeyer, and Bill
Turner.
Men who served as sponsors this
year and who will return are Frank
Van Acker, John Porter, John All
tucker, Bob Dodge, Frank Knowles,
Bill Niccolls, Lyle Cook, and Bob
Hovey.
Bob Dodge, junior from Laurel,
was last night elected to succeed
Joe Weiner as head Encina sponsor
for 1940-41. John Alltucker was
elected secretary.
Other sponsors appointed by Dean
John Bunn and approved by Presi
dent Ray Lyman Wilbur are as fol
lows: Hugh O'Donnell, Bob Low,
John Pollock, Charles Bull, Frank
Weedcn, Barry Binns, Joe Wilson,
Ralph Thompson, Bob Efteland, Bob
Morton, Bob Dofflemeyer, and Bill
Turner.
Men who served as sponsors this
year and who will return are Frank
Van Acker, John Porter, John All
tucker, Bob Dodge, Frank Knowles,
Bill Niccolls, Lyle Cook, and Bob
Hovey.
Bob Dodge, junior from Laurel,
was last night elected to succeed
Joe Weiner as head Encina sponsor
for 1940-41. John Alltucker was
elected secretary.
Other sponsors appointed by Dean
John Bunn and approved by Presi
dent Ray Lyman Wilbur are as fol
lows: Hugh O'Donnell, Bob Low,
John Pollock, Charles Bull, Frank
Weedcn, Barry Binns, Joe Wilson,
Ralph Thompson, Bob Efteland, Bob
Morton, Bob Dofflemeyer, and Bill
Turner.
Men who served as sponsors this
year and who will return are Frank
Van Acker, John Porter, John All
tucker, Bob Dodge, Frank Knowles,
Bill Niccolls, Lyle Cook, and Bob
Hovey.
Bob Dodge, junior from Laurel,
was last night elected to succeed
Joe Weiner as head Encina sponsor
for 1940-41. John Alltucker was
elected secretary.
Other sponsors appointed by Dean
John Bunn and approved by Presi
dent Ray Lyman Wilbur are as fol
lows: Hugh O'Donnell, Bob Low,
John Pollock, Charles Bull, Frank
Weedcn, Barry Binns, Joe Wilson,
Ralph Thompson, Bob Efteland, Bob
Morton, Bob Dofflemeyer, and Bill
Turner.
Men who served as sponsors this
year and who will return are Frank
Van Acker, John Porter, John All
tucker, Bob Dodge, Frank Knowles,
Bill Niccolls, Lyle Cook, and Bob
Hovey.
Bob Dodge, junior from Laurel,
was last night elected to succeed
Joe Weiner as head Encina sponsor
for 1940-41. John Alltucker was
elected secretary.
Other sponsors appointed by Dean
John Bunn and approved by Presi
dent Ray Lyman Wilbur are as fol
lows: Hugh O'Donnell, Bob Low,
John Pollock, Charles Bull, Frank
Weedcn, Barry Binns, Joe Wilson,
Ralph Thompson, Bob Efteland, Bob
Morton, Bob Dofflemeyer, and Bill
Turner.
Men who served as sponsors this
year and who will return are Frank
Van Acker, John Porter, John All
tucker, Bob Dodge, Frank Knowles,
Bill Niccolls, Lyle Cook, and Bob
Hovey.
