# Freshman Nine To Battle Cubs
## 
### 
Stanford's frosh nine will at
tempt to salvage one game out of
the Cal series tomorrow when they
tackle the Rear Cubs here.
The Papooses dropped the first
two games of the annual series, in
cluding a 15-12 slugfest two weeks
ago at Berkeley in which Phil Wolf
was knocked around plenty.
Tomorrow's game will be the
freshmen's last game of the season
and their chance to beat Cal. The
frosh will have to win this one to
keep the Cubs from sweeping the
series.
Coach Art Esslinger plans to start
Wolf again tomorrow and the big
hurler is due to win. The slugging
of Carl Kellenberger and Tommy
Howard and the timely pinch-hit
ting of Oscar Holmes will come in
handy in this closing game of the
season.
Stanford's frosh nine will at
tempt to salvage one game out of
the Cal series tomorrow when they
tackle the Rear Cubs here.
The Papooses dropped the first
two games of the annual series, in
cluding a 15-12 slugfest two weeks
ago at Berkeley in which Phil Wolf
was knocked around plenty.
Tomorrow's game will be the
freshmen's last game of the season
and their chance to beat Cal. The
frosh will have to win this one to
keep the Cubs from sweeping the
series.
Coach Art Esslinger plans to start
Wolf again tomorrow and the big
hurler is due to win. The slugging
of Carl Kellenberger and Tommy
Howard and the timely pinch-hit
ting of Oscar Holmes will come in
handy in this closing game of the
season.
Stanford's frosh nine will at
tempt to salvage one game out of
the Cal series tomorrow when they
tackle the Rear Cubs here.
The Papooses dropped the first
two games of the annual series, in
cluding a 15-12 slugfest two weeks
ago at Berkeley in which Phil Wolf
was knocked around plenty.
Tomorrow's game will be the
freshmen's last game of the season
and their chance to beat Cal. The
frosh will have to win this one to
keep the Cubs from sweeping the
series.
Coach Art Esslinger plans to start
Wolf again tomorrow and the big
hurler is due to win. The slugging
of Carl Kellenberger and Tommy
Howard and the timely pinch-hit
ting of Oscar Holmes will come in
handy in this closing game of the
season.
Stanford's frosh nine will at
tempt to salvage one game out of
the Cal series tomorrow when they
tackle the Rear Cubs here.
The Papooses dropped the first
two games of the annual series, in
cluding a 15-12 slugfest two weeks
ago at Berkeley in which Phil Wolf
was knocked around plenty.
Tomorrow's game will be the
freshmen's last game of the season
and their chance to beat Cal. The
frosh will have to win this one to
keep the Cubs from sweeping the
series.
Coach Art Esslinger plans to start
Wolf again tomorrow and the big
hurler is due to win. The slugging
of Carl Kellenberger and Tommy
Howard and the timely pinch-hit
ting of Oscar Holmes will come in
handy in this closing game of the
season.
Stanford's frosh nine will at
tempt to salvage one game out of
the Cal series tomorrow when they
tackle the Rear Cubs here.
The Papooses dropped the first
two games of the annual series, in
cluding a 15-12 slugfest two weeks
ago at Berkeley in which Phil Wolf
was knocked around plenty.
Tomorrow's game will be the
freshmen's last game of the season
and their chance to beat Cal. The
frosh will have to win this one to
keep the Cubs from sweeping the
series.
Coach Art Esslinger plans to start
Wolf again tomorrow and the big
hurler is due to win. The slugging
of Carl Kellenberger and Tommy
Howard and the timely pinch-hit
ting of Oscar Holmes will come in
handy in this closing game of the
season.
Stanford's frosh nine will at
tempt to salvage one game out of
the Cal series tomorrow when they
tackle the Rear Cubs here.
The Papooses dropped the first
two games of the annual series, in
cluding a 15-12 slugfest two weeks
ago at Berkeley in which Phil Wolf
was knocked around plenty.
Tomorrow's game will be the
freshmen's last game of the season
and their chance to beat Cal. The
frosh will have to win this one to
keep the Cubs from sweeping the
series.
Coach Art Esslinger plans to start
Wolf again tomorrow and the big
hurler is due to win. The slugging
of Carl Kellenberger and Tommy
Howard and the timely pinch-hit
ting of Oscar Holmes will come in
handy in this closing game of the
season.
Stanford's frosh nine will at
tempt to salvage one game out of
the Cal series tomorrow when they
tackle the Rear Cubs here.
The Papooses dropped the first
two games of the annual series, in
cluding a 15-12 slugfest two weeks
ago at Berkeley in which Phil Wolf
was knocked around plenty.
Tomorrow's game will be the
freshmen's last game of the season
and their chance to beat Cal. The
frosh will have to win this one to
keep the Cubs from sweeping the
series.
Coach Art Esslinger plans to start
Wolf again tomorrow and the big
hurler is due to win. The slugging
of Carl Kellenberger and Tommy
Howard and the timely pinch-hit
ting of Oscar Holmes will come in
handy in this closing game of the
season.
Stanford's frosh nine will at
tempt to salvage one game out of
the Cal series tomorrow when they
tackle the Rear Cubs here.
The Papooses dropped the first
two games of the annual series, in
cluding a 15-12 slugfest two weeks
ago at Berkeley in which Phil Wolf
was knocked around plenty.
Tomorrow's game will be the
freshmen's last game of the season
and their chance to beat Cal. The
frosh will have to win this one to
keep the Cubs from sweeping the
series.
Coach Art Esslinger plans to start
Wolf again tomorrow and the big
hurler is due to win. The slugging
of Carl Kellenberger and Tommy
Howard and the timely pinch-hit
ting of Oscar Holmes will come in
handy in this closing game of the
season.
Stanford's frosh nine will at
tempt to salvage one game out of
the Cal series tomorrow when they
tackle the Rear Cubs here.
The Papooses dropped the first
two games of the annual series, in
cluding a 15-12 slugfest two weeks
ago at Berkeley in which Phil Wolf
was knocked around plenty.
Tomorrow's game will be the
freshmen's last game of the season
and their chance to beat Cal. The
frosh will have to win this one to
keep the Cubs from sweeping the
series.
Coach Art Esslinger plans to start
Wolf again tomorrow and the big
hurler is due to win. The slugging
of Carl Kellenberger and Tommy
Howard and the timely pinch-hit
ting of Oscar Holmes will come in
handy in this closing game of the
season.
Stanford's frosh nine will at
tempt to salvage one game out of
the Cal series tomorrow when they
tackle the Rear Cubs here.
The Papooses dropped the first
two games of the annual series, in
cluding a 15-12 slugfest two weeks
ago at Berkeley in which Phil Wolf
was knocked around plenty.
Tomorrow's game will be the
freshmen's last game of the season
and their chance to beat Cal. The
frosh will have to win this one to
keep the Cubs from sweeping the
series.
Coach Art Esslinger plans to start
Wolf again tomorrow and the big
hurler is due to win. The slugging
of Carl Kellenberger and Tommy
Howard and the timely pinch-hit
ting of Oscar Holmes will come in
handy in this closing game of the
season.
Stanford's frosh nine will at
tempt to salvage one game out of
the Cal series tomorrow when they
tackle the Rear Cubs here.
The Papooses dropped the first
two games of the annual series, in
cluding a 15-12 slugfest two weeks
ago at Berkeley in which Phil Wolf
was knocked around plenty.
Tomorrow's game will be the
freshmen's last game of the season
and their chance to beat Cal. The
frosh will have to win this one to
keep the Cubs from sweeping the
series.
Coach Art Esslinger plans to start
Wolf again tomorrow and the big
hurler is due to win. The slugging
of Carl Kellenberger and Tommy
Howard and the timely pinch-hit
ting of Oscar Holmes will come in
handy in this closing game of the
season.
Stanford's frosh nine will at
tempt to salvage one game out of
the Cal series tomorrow when they
tackle the Rear Cubs here.
The Papooses dropped the first
two games of the annual series, in
cluding a 15-12 slugfest two weeks
ago at Berkeley in which Phil Wolf
was knocked around plenty.
Tomorrow's game will be the
freshmen's last game of the season
and their chance to beat Cal. The
frosh will have to win this one to
keep the Cubs from sweeping the
series.
Coach Art Esslinger plans to start
Wolf again tomorrow and the big
hurler is due to win. The slugging
of Carl Kellenberger and Tommy
Howard and the timely pinch-hit
ting of Oscar Holmes will come in
handy in this closing game of the
season.
Stanford's frosh nine will at
tempt to salvage one game out of
the Cal series tomorrow when they
tackle the Rear Cubs here.
The Papooses dropped the first
two games of the annual series, in
cluding a 15-12 slugfest two weeks
ago at Berkeley in which Phil Wolf
was knocked around plenty.
Tomorrow's game will be the
freshmen's last game of the season
and their chance to beat Cal. The
frosh will have to win this one to
keep the Cubs from sweeping the
series.
Coach Art Esslinger plans to start
Wolf again tomorrow and the big
hurler is due to win. The slugging
of Carl Kellenberger and Tommy
Howard and the timely pinch-hit
ting of Oscar Holmes will come in
handy in this closing game of the
season.
Stanford's frosh nine will at
tempt to salvage one game out of
the Cal series tomorrow when they
tackle the Rear Cubs here.
The Papooses dropped the first
two games of the annual series, in
cluding a 15-12 slugfest two weeks
ago at Berkeley in which Phil Wolf
was knocked around plenty.
Tomorrow's game will be the
freshmen's last game of the season
and their chance to beat Cal. The
frosh will have to win this one to
keep the Cubs from sweeping the
series.
Coach Art Esslinger plans to start
Wolf again tomorrow and the big
hurler is due to win. The slugging
of Carl Kellenberger and Tommy
Howard and the timely pinch-hit
ting of Oscar Holmes will come in
handy in this closing game of the
season.
Stanford's frosh nine will at
tempt to salvage one game out of
the Cal series tomorrow when they
tackle the Rear Cubs here.
The Papooses dropped the first
two games of the annual series, in
cluding a 15-12 slugfest two weeks
ago at Berkeley in which Phil Wolf
was knocked around plenty.
Tomorrow's game will be the
freshmen's last game of the season
and their chance to beat Cal. The
frosh will have to win this one to
keep the Cubs from sweeping the
series.
Coach Art Esslinger plans to start
Wolf again tomorrow and the big
hurler is due to win. The slugging
of Carl Kellenberger and Tommy
Howard and the timely pinch-hit
ting of Oscar Holmes will come in
handy in this closing game of the
season.
Stanford's frosh nine will at
tempt to salvage one game out of
the Cal series tomorrow when they
tackle the Rear Cubs here.
The Papooses dropped the first
two games of the annual series, in
cluding a 15-12 slugfest two weeks
ago at Berkeley in which Phil Wolf
was knocked around plenty.
Tomorrow's game will be the
freshmen's last game of the season
and their chance to beat Cal. The
frosh will have to win this one to
keep the Cubs from sweeping the
series.
Coach Art Esslinger plans to start
Wolf again tomorrow and the big
hurler is due to win. The slugging
of Carl Kellenberger and Tommy
Howard and the timely pinch-hit
ting of Oscar Holmes will come in
handy in this closing game of the
season.
Stanford's frosh nine will at
tempt to salvage one game out of
the Cal series tomorrow when they
tackle the Rear Cubs here.
The Papooses dropped the first
two games of the annual series, in
cluding a 15-12 slugfest two weeks
ago at Berkeley in which Phil Wolf
was knocked around plenty.
Tomorrow's game will be the
freshmen's last game of the season
and their chance to beat Cal. The
frosh will have to win this one to
keep the Cubs from sweeping the
series.
Coach Art Esslinger plans to start
Wolf again tomorrow and the big
hurler is due to win. The slugging
of Carl Kellenberger and Tommy
Howard and the timely pinch-hit
ting of Oscar Holmes will come in
handy in this closing game of the
season.
