# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tickets for the California vs.
Stanford track meet and baseball
Same go on sale this morning from
N:.'s() to 5 o'clock, and tomorrow
from 8::i0 to 11:30 at the B.A.C.
Students who are unable to
purchase tickets before the Big
Meet may buy them at the gate,
starting at 12:45 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon. The price is 55 cents
for the track meet and 25 cents
for the baseball game.
Tickets for the California vs.
Stanford track meet and baseball
Same go on sale this morning from
N:.'s() to 5 o'clock, and tomorrow
from 8::i0 to 11:30 at the B.A.C.
Students who are unable to
purchase tickets before the Big
Meet may buy them at the gate,
starting at 12:45 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon. The price is 55 cents
for the track meet and 25 cents
for the baseball game.
Tickets for the California vs.
Stanford track meet and baseball
Same go on sale this morning from
N:.'s() to 5 o'clock, and tomorrow
from 8::i0 to 11:30 at the B.A.C.
Students who are unable to
purchase tickets before the Big
Meet may buy them at the gate,
starting at 12:45 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon. The price is 55 cents
for the track meet and 25 cents
for the baseball game.
Tickets for the California vs.
Stanford track meet and baseball
Same go on sale this morning from
N:.'s() to 5 o'clock, and tomorrow
from 8::i0 to 11:30 at the B.A.C.
Students who are unable to
purchase tickets before the Big
Meet may buy them at the gate,
starting at 12:45 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon. The price is 55 cents
for the track meet and 25 cents
for the baseball game.
Tickets for the California vs.
Stanford track meet and baseball
Same go on sale this morning from
N:.'s() to 5 o'clock, and tomorrow
from 8::i0 to 11:30 at the B.A.C.
Students who are unable to
purchase tickets before the Big
Meet may buy them at the gate,
starting at 12:45 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon. The price is 55 cents
for the track meet and 25 cents
for the baseball game.
Tickets for the California vs.
Stanford track meet and baseball
Same go on sale this morning from
N:.'s() to 5 o'clock, and tomorrow
from 8::i0 to 11:30 at the B.A.C.
Students who are unable to
purchase tickets before the Big
Meet may buy them at the gate,
starting at 12:45 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon. The price is 55 cents
for the track meet and 25 cents
for the baseball game.
Tickets for the California vs.
Stanford track meet and baseball
Same go on sale this morning from
N:.'s() to 5 o'clock, and tomorrow
from 8::i0 to 11:30 at the B.A.C.
Students who are unable to
purchase tickets before the Big
Meet may buy them at the gate,
starting at 12:45 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon. The price is 55 cents
for the track meet and 25 cents
for the baseball game.
Tickets for the California vs.
Stanford track meet and baseball
Same go on sale this morning from
N:.'s() to 5 o'clock, and tomorrow
from 8::i0 to 11:30 at the B.A.C.
Students who are unable to
purchase tickets before the Big
Meet may buy them at the gate,
starting at 12:45 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon. The price is 55 cents
for the track meet and 25 cents
for the baseball game.
Tickets for the California vs.
Stanford track meet and baseball
Same go on sale this morning from
N:.'s() to 5 o'clock, and tomorrow
from 8::i0 to 11:30 at the B.A.C.
Students who are unable to
purchase tickets before the Big
Meet may buy them at the gate,
starting at 12:45 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon. The price is 55 cents
for the track meet and 25 cents
for the baseball game.
Tickets for the California vs.
Stanford track meet and baseball
Same go on sale this morning from
N:.'s() to 5 o'clock, and tomorrow
from 8::i0 to 11:30 at the B.A.C.
Students who are unable to
purchase tickets before the Big
Meet may buy them at the gate,
starting at 12:45 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon. The price is 55 cents
for the track meet and 25 cents
for the baseball game.
Tickets for the California vs.
Stanford track meet and baseball
Same go on sale this morning from
N:.'s() to 5 o'clock, and tomorrow
from 8::i0 to 11:30 at the B.A.C.
Students who are unable to
purchase tickets before the Big
Meet may buy them at the gate,
starting at 12:45 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon. The price is 55 cents
for the track meet and 25 cents
for the baseball game.
Tickets for the California vs.
Stanford track meet and baseball
Same go on sale this morning from
N:.'s() to 5 o'clock, and tomorrow
from 8::i0 to 11:30 at the B.A.C.
Students who are unable to
purchase tickets before the Big
Meet may buy them at the gate,
starting at 12:45 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon. The price is 55 cents
for the track meet and 25 cents
for the baseball game.
Tickets for the California vs.
Stanford track meet and baseball
Same go on sale this morning from
N:.'s() to 5 o'clock, and tomorrow
from 8::i0 to 11:30 at the B.A.C.
Students who are unable to
purchase tickets before the Big
Meet may buy them at the gate,
starting at 12:45 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon. The price is 55 cents
for the track meet and 25 cents
for the baseball game.
Tickets for the California vs.
Stanford track meet and baseball
Same go on sale this morning from
N:.'s() to 5 o'clock, and tomorrow
from 8::i0 to 11:30 at the B.A.C.
Students who are unable to
purchase tickets before the Big
Meet may buy them at the gate,
starting at 12:45 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon. The price is 55 cents
for the track meet and 25 cents
for the baseball game.
Tickets for the California vs.
Stanford track meet and baseball
Same go on sale this morning from
N:.'s() to 5 o'clock, and tomorrow
from 8::i0 to 11:30 at the B.A.C.
Students who are unable to
purchase tickets before the Big
Meet may buy them at the gate,
starting at 12:45 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon. The price is 55 cents
for the track meet and 25 cents
for the baseball game.
Tickets for the California vs.
Stanford track meet and baseball
Same go on sale this morning from
N:.'s() to 5 o'clock, and tomorrow
from 8::i0 to 11:30 at the B.A.C.
Students who are unable to
purchase tickets before the Big
Meet may buy them at the gate,
starting at 12:45 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon. The price is 55 cents
for the track meet and 25 cents
for the baseball game.
Tickets for the California vs.
Stanford track meet and baseball
Same go on sale this morning from
N:.'s() to 5 o'clock, and tomorrow
from 8::i0 to 11:30 at the B.A.C.
Students who are unable to
purchase tickets before the Big
Meet may buy them at the gate,
starting at 12:45 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon. The price is 55 cents
for the track meet and 25 cents
for the baseball game.
