# Gilbert Was Born As Baseball Hero
## 
### 
NEW YORK, April 25 (UP).—Ball
players are born, not made.
For instance, Charlie Gilbert, the
rookie center fielder of the red-hot
Brooklyn Dodgers. His dad, Larry
Gilbert, was a major league ball
player before him and young Charlie
was born with baseball in his blood.
Gilbert was one of ten outfielders
who reported to the Dodgers in
Clearwater. After a week's training
Larry MacPhail, Dodger president,
told Secretary John McDonald
Brooklyn had a great outfield in
the making — Staller, Gilbert and
Reiser.
"They'll play on our Montreal
farm club this year," .said Larry,
"and then they'll come up to
Brooklyn intact."
Gilbert, a left-handed hitter, was
to play against righthanders and
Koy, a righthanded hitter, against
southpaws. Yesterday the Dodgers
faced Southpaw Joe Sullivan of the
Bees and Gilbert stayed in the line
up. In his first four games he's
scored five runs, made five hits (in
cluding two homers), drove in five
runs and pitched one strike from
center field which cut down Babe
Young of the Giants in a close play
at third. His batting average is a
neat .312.
