# INSIDE
## 
### 
Parry
Stanford baseball will play
San Diego State in regionals
Thursday.
See Sports, page 7

Touche
Queen Elizabeth II bestows
on Gen. Schwarzkopf an
honorary kighthood.
See World & Nation, page 3

Repose
Men's tennis' hopes for NCAA
crown end in a 5-2 defeat
from USC.
See Sports, page 7

Parry
Stanford baseball will play
San Diego State in regionals
Thursday.
See Sports, page 7

Touche
Queen Elizabeth II bestows
on Gen. Schwarzkopf an
honorary kighthood.
See World & Nation, page 3

Repose
Men's tennis' hopes for NCAA
crown end in a 5-2 defeat
from USC.
See Sports, page 7

Parry
Stanford baseball will play
San Diego State in regionals
Thursday.
See Sports, page 7

Touche
Queen Elizabeth II bestows
on Gen. Schwarzkopf an
honorary kighthood.
See World & Nation, page 3

Repose
Men's tennis' hopes for NCAA
crown end in a 5-2 defeat
from USC.
See Sports, page 7

Parry
Stanford baseball will play
San Diego State in regionals
Thursday.
See Sports, page 7

Touche
Queen Elizabeth II bestows
on Gen. Schwarzkopf an
honorary kighthood.
See World & Nation, page 3

Repose
Men's tennis' hopes for NCAA
crown end in a 5-2 defeat
from USC.
See Sports, page 7

Parry
Stanford baseball will play
San Diego State in regionals
Thursday.
See Sports, page 7

Touche
Queen Elizabeth II bestows
on Gen. Schwarzkopf an
honorary kighthood.
See World & Nation, page 3

Repose
Men's tennis' hopes for NCAA
crown end in a 5-2 defeat
from USC.
See Sports, page 7

Parry
Stanford baseball will play
San Diego State in regionals
Thursday.
See Sports, page 7

Touche
Queen Elizabeth II bestows
on Gen. Schwarzkopf an
honorary kighthood.
See World & Nation, page 3

Repose
Men's tennis' hopes for NCAA
crown end in a 5-2 defeat
from USC.
See Sports, page 7

Parry
Stanford baseball will play
San Diego State in regionals
Thursday.
See Sports, page 7

Touche
Queen Elizabeth II bestows
on Gen. Schwarzkopf an
honorary kighthood.
See World & Nation, page 3

Repose
Men's tennis' hopes for NCAA
crown end in a 5-2 defeat
from USC.
See Sports, page 7

