# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The French Club elected to its mem- ,
bership the following: Eugenia Main
gueneau, Paul Vandoit, Elizabeth
Donovan.
The French Club elected to its mem- ,
bership the following: Eugenia Main
gueneau, Paul Vandoit, Elizabeth
Donovan.
The French Club elected to its mem- ,
bership the following: Eugenia Main
gueneau, Paul Vandoit, Elizabeth
Donovan.
The French Club elected to its mem- ,
bership the following: Eugenia Main
gueneau, Paul Vandoit, Elizabeth
Donovan.
The French Club elected to its mem- ,
bership the following: Eugenia Main
gueneau, Paul Vandoit, Elizabeth
Donovan.
The French Club elected to its mem- ,
bership the following: Eugenia Main
gueneau, Paul Vandoit, Elizabeth
Donovan.
The French Club elected to its mem- ,
bership the following: Eugenia Main
gueneau, Paul Vandoit, Elizabeth
Donovan.
The French Club elected to its mem- ,
bership the following: Eugenia Main
gueneau, Paul Vandoit, Elizabeth
Donovan.
The French Club elected to its mem- ,
bership the following: Eugenia Main
gueneau, Paul Vandoit, Elizabeth
Donovan.
The French Club elected to its mem- ,
bership the following: Eugenia Main
gueneau, Paul Vandoit, Elizabeth
Donovan.
The French Club elected to its mem- ,
bership the following: Eugenia Main
gueneau, Paul Vandoit, Elizabeth
Donovan.
The French Club elected to its mem- ,
bership the following: Eugenia Main
gueneau, Paul Vandoit, Elizabeth
Donovan.
The French Club elected to its mem- ,
bership the following: Eugenia Main
gueneau, Paul Vandoit, Elizabeth
Donovan.
The French Club elected to its mem- ,
bership the following: Eugenia Main
gueneau, Paul Vandoit, Elizabeth
Donovan.
