# War May Begin at Naco, Mexico.
## 
### 
Naco, Ariz., Oct. 2. —The rebels of
Maytorenas, 2000 strong, were report
ed at noon today to be within five
miles of Naco, Sonora, from which
Carranza's forces, under General Ben
jamin Hill, are said to have started
to meet their advan-c. The American
troops have been called from their
camps here to protect the internation
al border. Hundreds of Americans,
with field glasses, have sought van
tage points to watch the expected
fight.
Naco, Ariz., Oct. 2. —The rebels of
Maytorenas, 2000 strong, were report
ed at noon today to be within five
miles of Naco, Sonora, from which
Carranza's forces, under General Ben
jamin Hill, are said to have started
to meet their advan-c. The American
troops have been called from their
camps here to protect the internation
al border. Hundreds of Americans,
with field glasses, have sought van
tage points to watch the expected
fight.
Naco, Ariz., Oct. 2. —The rebels of
Maytorenas, 2000 strong, were report
ed at noon today to be within five
miles of Naco, Sonora, from which
Carranza's forces, under General Ben
jamin Hill, are said to have started
to meet their advan-c. The American
troops have been called from their
camps here to protect the internation
al border. Hundreds of Americans,
with field glasses, have sought van
tage points to watch the expected
fight.
Naco, Ariz., Oct. 2. —The rebels of
Maytorenas, 2000 strong, were report
ed at noon today to be within five
miles of Naco, Sonora, from which
Carranza's forces, under General Ben
jamin Hill, are said to have started
to meet their advan-c. The American
troops have been called from their
camps here to protect the internation
al border. Hundreds of Americans,
with field glasses, have sought van
tage points to watch the expected
fight.
Naco, Ariz., Oct. 2. —The rebels of
Maytorenas, 2000 strong, were report
ed at noon today to be within five
miles of Naco, Sonora, from which
Carranza's forces, under General Ben
jamin Hill, are said to have started
to meet their advan-c. The American
troops have been called from their
camps here to protect the internation
al border. Hundreds of Americans,
with field glasses, have sought van
tage points to watch the expected
fight.
Naco, Ariz., Oct. 2. —The rebels of
Maytorenas, 2000 strong, were report
ed at noon today to be within five
miles of Naco, Sonora, from which
Carranza's forces, under General Ben
jamin Hill, are said to have started
to meet their advan-c. The American
troops have been called from their
camps here to protect the internation
al border. Hundreds of Americans,
with field glasses, have sought van
tage points to watch the expected
fight.
Naco, Ariz., Oct. 2. —The rebels of
Maytorenas, 2000 strong, were report
ed at noon today to be within five
miles of Naco, Sonora, from which
Carranza's forces, under General Ben
jamin Hill, are said to have started
to meet their advan-c. The American
troops have been called from their
camps here to protect the internation
al border. Hundreds of Americans,
with field glasses, have sought van
tage points to watch the expected
fight.
Naco, Ariz., Oct. 2. —The rebels of
Maytorenas, 2000 strong, were report
ed at noon today to be within five
miles of Naco, Sonora, from which
Carranza's forces, under General Ben
jamin Hill, are said to have started
to meet their advan-c. The American
troops have been called from their
camps here to protect the internation
al border. Hundreds of Americans,
with field glasses, have sought van
tage points to watch the expected
fight.
Naco, Ariz., Oct. 2. —The rebels of
Maytorenas, 2000 strong, were report
ed at noon today to be within five
miles of Naco, Sonora, from which
Carranza's forces, under General Ben
jamin Hill, are said to have started
to meet their advan-c. The American
troops have been called from their
camps here to protect the internation
al border. Hundreds of Americans,
with field glasses, have sought van
tage points to watch the expected
fight.
Naco, Ariz., Oct. 2. —The rebels of
Maytorenas, 2000 strong, were report
ed at noon today to be within five
miles of Naco, Sonora, from which
Carranza's forces, under General Ben
jamin Hill, are said to have started
to meet their advan-c. The American
troops have been called from their
camps here to protect the internation
al border. Hundreds of Americans,
with field glasses, have sought van
tage points to watch the expected
fight.
Naco, Ariz., Oct. 2. —The rebels of
Maytorenas, 2000 strong, were report
ed at noon today to be within five
miles of Naco, Sonora, from which
Carranza's forces, under General Ben
jamin Hill, are said to have started
to meet their advan-c. The American
troops have been called from their
camps here to protect the internation
al border. Hundreds of Americans,
with field glasses, have sought van
tage points to watch the expected
fight.
Naco, Ariz., Oct. 2. —The rebels of
Maytorenas, 2000 strong, were report
ed at noon today to be within five
miles of Naco, Sonora, from which
Carranza's forces, under General Ben
jamin Hill, are said to have started
to meet their advan-c. The American
troops have been called from their
camps here to protect the internation
al border. Hundreds of Americans,
with field glasses, have sought van
tage points to watch the expected
fight.
Naco, Ariz., Oct. 2. —The rebels of
Maytorenas, 2000 strong, were report
ed at noon today to be within five
miles of Naco, Sonora, from which
Carranza's forces, under General Ben
jamin Hill, are said to have started
to meet their advan-c. The American
troops have been called from their
camps here to protect the internation
al border. Hundreds of Americans,
with field glasses, have sought van
tage points to watch the expected
fight.
Naco, Ariz., Oct. 2. —The rebels of
Maytorenas, 2000 strong, were report
ed at noon today to be within five
miles of Naco, Sonora, from which
Carranza's forces, under General Ben
jamin Hill, are said to have started
to meet their advan-c. The American
troops have been called from their
camps here to protect the internation
al border. Hundreds of Americans,
with field glasses, have sought van
tage points to watch the expected
fight.
