# Cross Country Club
## 
### 
Where are the cross-country candi
dates?
A year ago the long-distance men
staged a very successful run, after a
season's training. The interclass com
petition was considered only a pre
liminary step to more ambitious trials,
when Stanford athletes might meet the
best of the Blue and Gold men in the
long stretches.
Hut present indications are that few
will try the four and five-mile races
this semester, and the hope of an in
tercollegiate meet is rapidly fading.
The future of cross-country at Stan
ford lies with those interested in the
sport: the question of the moment is—
does the interest justify the forming
of a cross-country club?
November 22, 1913, was the date of
the second annual run. Seven weeks
remain as a training period, a good
start means assured success; it is too
fine an opportunity to lose through in
difference.
Where are the cross-country candi
dates?
A year ago the long-distance men
staged a very successful run, after a
season's training. The interclass com
petition was considered only a pre
liminary step to more ambitious trials,
when Stanford athletes might meet the
best of the Blue and Gold men in the
long stretches.
Hut present indications are that few
will try the four and five-mile races
this semester, and the hope of an in
tercollegiate meet is rapidly fading.
The future of cross-country at Stan
ford lies with those interested in the
sport: the question of the moment is—
does the interest justify the forming
of a cross-country club?
November 22, 1913, was the date of
the second annual run. Seven weeks
remain as a training period, a good
start means assured success; it is too
fine an opportunity to lose through in
difference.
Where are the cross-country candi
dates?
A year ago the long-distance men
staged a very successful run, after a
season's training. The interclass com
petition was considered only a pre
liminary step to more ambitious trials,
when Stanford athletes might meet the
best of the Blue and Gold men in the
long stretches.
Hut present indications are that few
will try the four and five-mile races
this semester, and the hope of an in
tercollegiate meet is rapidly fading.
The future of cross-country at Stan
ford lies with those interested in the
sport: the question of the moment is—
does the interest justify the forming
of a cross-country club?
November 22, 1913, was the date of
the second annual run. Seven weeks
remain as a training period, a good
start means assured success; it is too
fine an opportunity to lose through in
difference.
Where are the cross-country candi
dates?
A year ago the long-distance men
staged a very successful run, after a
season's training. The interclass com
petition was considered only a pre
liminary step to more ambitious trials,
when Stanford athletes might meet the
best of the Blue and Gold men in the
long stretches.
Hut present indications are that few
will try the four and five-mile races
this semester, and the hope of an in
tercollegiate meet is rapidly fading.
The future of cross-country at Stan
ford lies with those interested in the
sport: the question of the moment is—
does the interest justify the forming
of a cross-country club?
November 22, 1913, was the date of
the second annual run. Seven weeks
remain as a training period, a good
start means assured success; it is too
fine an opportunity to lose through in
difference.
Where are the cross-country candi
dates?
A year ago the long-distance men
staged a very successful run, after a
season's training. The interclass com
petition was considered only a pre
liminary step to more ambitious trials,
when Stanford athletes might meet the
best of the Blue and Gold men in the
long stretches.
Hut present indications are that few
will try the four and five-mile races
this semester, and the hope of an in
tercollegiate meet is rapidly fading.
The future of cross-country at Stan
ford lies with those interested in the
sport: the question of the moment is—
does the interest justify the forming
of a cross-country club?
November 22, 1913, was the date of
the second annual run. Seven weeks
remain as a training period, a good
start means assured success; it is too
fine an opportunity to lose through in
difference.
Where are the cross-country candi
dates?
A year ago the long-distance men
staged a very successful run, after a
season's training. The interclass com
petition was considered only a pre
liminary step to more ambitious trials,
when Stanford athletes might meet the
best of the Blue and Gold men in the
long stretches.
Hut present indications are that few
will try the four and five-mile races
this semester, and the hope of an in
tercollegiate meet is rapidly fading.
The future of cross-country at Stan
ford lies with those interested in the
sport: the question of the moment is—
does the interest justify the forming
of a cross-country club?
November 22, 1913, was the date of
the second annual run. Seven weeks
remain as a training period, a good
start means assured success; it is too
fine an opportunity to lose through in
difference.
Where are the cross-country candi
dates?
A year ago the long-distance men
staged a very successful run, after a
season's training. The interclass com
petition was considered only a pre
liminary step to more ambitious trials,
when Stanford athletes might meet the
best of the Blue and Gold men in the
long stretches.
Hut present indications are that few
will try the four and five-mile races
this semester, and the hope of an in
tercollegiate meet is rapidly fading.
The future of cross-country at Stan
ford lies with those interested in the
sport: the question of the moment is—
does the interest justify the forming
of a cross-country club?
November 22, 1913, was the date of
the second annual run. Seven weeks
remain as a training period, a good
start means assured success; it is too
fine an opportunity to lose through in
difference.
Where are the cross-country candi
dates?
A year ago the long-distance men
staged a very successful run, after a
season's training. The interclass com
petition was considered only a pre
liminary step to more ambitious trials,
when Stanford athletes might meet the
best of the Blue and Gold men in the
long stretches.
Hut present indications are that few
will try the four and five-mile races
this semester, and the hope of an in
tercollegiate meet is rapidly fading.
The future of cross-country at Stan
ford lies with those interested in the
sport: the question of the moment is—
does the interest justify the forming
of a cross-country club?
November 22, 1913, was the date of
the second annual run. Seven weeks
remain as a training period, a good
start means assured success; it is too
fine an opportunity to lose through in
difference.
Where are the cross-country candi
dates?
A year ago the long-distance men
staged a very successful run, after a
season's training. The interclass com
petition was considered only a pre
liminary step to more ambitious trials,
when Stanford athletes might meet the
best of the Blue and Gold men in the
long stretches.
Hut present indications are that few
will try the four and five-mile races
this semester, and the hope of an in
tercollegiate meet is rapidly fading.
The future of cross-country at Stan
ford lies with those interested in the
sport: the question of the moment is—
does the interest justify the forming
of a cross-country club?
November 22, 1913, was the date of
the second annual run. Seven weeks
remain as a training period, a good
start means assured success; it is too
fine an opportunity to lose through in
difference.
Where are the cross-country candi
dates?
A year ago the long-distance men
staged a very successful run, after a
season's training. The interclass com
petition was considered only a pre
liminary step to more ambitious trials,
when Stanford athletes might meet the
best of the Blue and Gold men in the
long stretches.
Hut present indications are that few
will try the four and five-mile races
this semester, and the hope of an in
tercollegiate meet is rapidly fading.
The future of cross-country at Stan
ford lies with those interested in the
sport: the question of the moment is—
does the interest justify the forming
of a cross-country club?
November 22, 1913, was the date of
the second annual run. Seven weeks
remain as a training period, a good
start means assured success; it is too
fine an opportunity to lose through in
difference.
Where are the cross-country candi
dates?
A year ago the long-distance men
staged a very successful run, after a
season's training. The interclass com
petition was considered only a pre
liminary step to more ambitious trials,
when Stanford athletes might meet the
best of the Blue and Gold men in the
long stretches.
Hut present indications are that few
will try the four and five-mile races
this semester, and the hope of an in
tercollegiate meet is rapidly fading.
The future of cross-country at Stan
ford lies with those interested in the
sport: the question of the moment is—
does the interest justify the forming
of a cross-country club?
November 22, 1913, was the date of
the second annual run. Seven weeks
remain as a training period, a good
start means assured success; it is too
fine an opportunity to lose through in
difference.
Where are the cross-country candi
dates?
A year ago the long-distance men
staged a very successful run, after a
season's training. The interclass com
petition was considered only a pre
liminary step to more ambitious trials,
when Stanford athletes might meet the
best of the Blue and Gold men in the
long stretches.
Hut present indications are that few
will try the four and five-mile races
this semester, and the hope of an in
tercollegiate meet is rapidly fading.
The future of cross-country at Stan
ford lies with those interested in the
sport: the question of the moment is—
does the interest justify the forming
of a cross-country club?
November 22, 1913, was the date of
the second annual run. Seven weeks
remain as a training period, a good
start means assured success; it is too
fine an opportunity to lose through in
difference.
Where are the cross-country candi
dates?
A year ago the long-distance men
staged a very successful run, after a
season's training. The interclass com
petition was considered only a pre
liminary step to more ambitious trials,
when Stanford athletes might meet the
best of the Blue and Gold men in the
long stretches.
Hut present indications are that few
will try the four and five-mile races
this semester, and the hope of an in
tercollegiate meet is rapidly fading.
The future of cross-country at Stan
ford lies with those interested in the
sport: the question of the moment is—
does the interest justify the forming
of a cross-country club?
November 22, 1913, was the date of
the second annual run. Seven weeks
remain as a training period, a good
start means assured success; it is too
fine an opportunity to lose through in
difference.
Where are the cross-country candi
dates?
A year ago the long-distance men
staged a very successful run, after a
season's training. The interclass com
petition was considered only a pre
liminary step to more ambitious trials,
when Stanford athletes might meet the
best of the Blue and Gold men in the
long stretches.
Hut present indications are that few
will try the four and five-mile races
this semester, and the hope of an in
tercollegiate meet is rapidly fading.
The future of cross-country at Stan
ford lies with those interested in the
sport: the question of the moment is—
does the interest justify the forming
of a cross-country club?
November 22, 1913, was the date of
the second annual run. Seven weeks
remain as a training period, a good
start means assured success; it is too
fine an opportunity to lose through in
difference.
