# Symphony Orchestra Planned.
## 
### 
University Organist. L. IT. Eaton lias
expressed willingness to assist in the
formation of a Symphony Orchestra
among the string-instrument musicians
of Stanford University. All those in
terested in this work are requested to
meet at. Mr. Eaton's home, on the
corner of Kipling and Waverly streets,
Palo Alto, Saturday evening at eight
o'clock.
University Organist. L. IT. Eaton lias
expressed willingness to assist in the
formation of a Symphony Orchestra
among the string-instrument musicians
of Stanford University. All those in
terested in this work are requested to
meet at. Mr. Eaton's home, on the
corner of Kipling and Waverly streets,
Palo Alto, Saturday evening at eight
o'clock.
University Organist. L. IT. Eaton lias
expressed willingness to assist in the
formation of a Symphony Orchestra
among the string-instrument musicians
of Stanford University. All those in
terested in this work are requested to
meet at. Mr. Eaton's home, on the
corner of Kipling and Waverly streets,
Palo Alto, Saturday evening at eight
o'clock.
University Organist. L. IT. Eaton lias
expressed willingness to assist in the
formation of a Symphony Orchestra
among the string-instrument musicians
of Stanford University. All those in
terested in this work are requested to
meet at. Mr. Eaton's home, on the
corner of Kipling and Waverly streets,
Palo Alto, Saturday evening at eight
o'clock.
University Organist. L. IT. Eaton lias
expressed willingness to assist in the
formation of a Symphony Orchestra
among the string-instrument musicians
of Stanford University. All those in
terested in this work are requested to
meet at. Mr. Eaton's home, on the
corner of Kipling and Waverly streets,
Palo Alto, Saturday evening at eight
o'clock.
University Organist. L. IT. Eaton lias
expressed willingness to assist in the
formation of a Symphony Orchestra
among the string-instrument musicians
of Stanford University. All those in
terested in this work are requested to
meet at. Mr. Eaton's home, on the
corner of Kipling and Waverly streets,
Palo Alto, Saturday evening at eight
o'clock.
University Organist. L. IT. Eaton lias
expressed willingness to assist in the
formation of a Symphony Orchestra
among the string-instrument musicians
of Stanford University. All those in
terested in this work are requested to
meet at. Mr. Eaton's home, on the
corner of Kipling and Waverly streets,
Palo Alto, Saturday evening at eight
o'clock.
University Organist. L. IT. Eaton lias
expressed willingness to assist in the
formation of a Symphony Orchestra
among the string-instrument musicians
of Stanford University. All those in
terested in this work are requested to
meet at. Mr. Eaton's home, on the
corner of Kipling and Waverly streets,
Palo Alto, Saturday evening at eight
o'clock.
University Organist. L. IT. Eaton lias
expressed willingness to assist in the
formation of a Symphony Orchestra
among the string-instrument musicians
of Stanford University. All those in
terested in this work are requested to
meet at. Mr. Eaton's home, on the
corner of Kipling and Waverly streets,
Palo Alto, Saturday evening at eight
o'clock.
University Organist. L. IT. Eaton lias
expressed willingness to assist in the
formation of a Symphony Orchestra
among the string-instrument musicians
of Stanford University. All those in
terested in this work are requested to
meet at. Mr. Eaton's home, on the
corner of Kipling and Waverly streets,
Palo Alto, Saturday evening at eight
o'clock.
University Organist. L. IT. Eaton lias
expressed willingness to assist in the
formation of a Symphony Orchestra
among the string-instrument musicians
of Stanford University. All those in
terested in this work are requested to
meet at. Mr. Eaton's home, on the
corner of Kipling and Waverly streets,
Palo Alto, Saturday evening at eight
o'clock.
University Organist. L. IT. Eaton lias
expressed willingness to assist in the
formation of a Symphony Orchestra
among the string-instrument musicians
of Stanford University. All those in
terested in this work are requested to
meet at. Mr. Eaton's home, on the
corner of Kipling and Waverly streets,
Palo Alto, Saturday evening at eight
o'clock.
University Organist. L. IT. Eaton lias
expressed willingness to assist in the
formation of a Symphony Orchestra
among the string-instrument musicians
of Stanford University. All those in
terested in this work are requested to
meet at. Mr. Eaton's home, on the
corner of Kipling and Waverly streets,
Palo Alto, Saturday evening at eight
o'clock.
University Organist. L. IT. Eaton lias
expressed willingness to assist in the
formation of a Symphony Orchestra
among the string-instrument musicians
of Stanford University. All those in
terested in this work are requested to
meet at. Mr. Eaton's home, on the
corner of Kipling and Waverly streets,
Palo Alto, Saturday evening at eight
o'clock.
