# CON HOME SCHEDULE
## 
### 
Tuesday—lag Day and Straw
berry Brunch. On- and ofT
campus soliciting.
Wednesday—Labor Day and Bar
becue. Toy collection. On- and
off-campus soliciting.
Thursday — Tournament finals.
On-campus soliciting.
Friday—Sophomore Carnival. On
campus soliciting.
Saturday—Con Home Dance.
Tuesday—lag Day and Straw
berry Brunch. On- and ofT
campus soliciting.
Wednesday—Labor Day and Bar
becue. Toy collection. On- and
off-campus soliciting.
Thursday — Tournament finals.
On-campus soliciting.
Friday—Sophomore Carnival. On
campus soliciting.
Saturday—Con Home Dance.
Tuesday—lag Day and Straw
berry Brunch. On- and ofT
campus soliciting.
Wednesday—Labor Day and Bar
becue. Toy collection. On- and
off-campus soliciting.
Thursday — Tournament finals.
On-campus soliciting.
Friday—Sophomore Carnival. On
campus soliciting.
Saturday—Con Home Dance.
Tuesday—lag Day and Straw
berry Brunch. On- and ofT
campus soliciting.
Wednesday—Labor Day and Bar
becue. Toy collection. On- and
off-campus soliciting.
Thursday — Tournament finals.
On-campus soliciting.
Friday—Sophomore Carnival. On
campus soliciting.
Saturday—Con Home Dance.
Tuesday—lag Day and Straw
berry Brunch. On- and ofT
campus soliciting.
Wednesday—Labor Day and Bar
becue. Toy collection. On- and
off-campus soliciting.
Thursday — Tournament finals.
On-campus soliciting.
Friday—Sophomore Carnival. On
campus soliciting.
Saturday—Con Home Dance.
Tuesday—lag Day and Straw
berry Brunch. On- and ofT
campus soliciting.
Wednesday—Labor Day and Bar
becue. Toy collection. On- and
off-campus soliciting.
Thursday — Tournament finals.
On-campus soliciting.
Friday—Sophomore Carnival. On
campus soliciting.
Saturday—Con Home Dance.
Tuesday—lag Day and Straw
berry Brunch. On- and ofT
campus soliciting.
Wednesday—Labor Day and Bar
becue. Toy collection. On- and
off-campus soliciting.
Thursday — Tournament finals.
On-campus soliciting.
Friday—Sophomore Carnival. On
campus soliciting.
Saturday—Con Home Dance.
Tuesday—lag Day and Straw
berry Brunch. On- and ofT
campus soliciting.
Wednesday—Labor Day and Bar
becue. Toy collection. On- and
off-campus soliciting.
Thursday — Tournament finals.
On-campus soliciting.
Friday—Sophomore Carnival. On
campus soliciting.
Saturday—Con Home Dance.
Tuesday—lag Day and Straw
berry Brunch. On- and ofT
campus soliciting.
Wednesday—Labor Day and Bar
becue. Toy collection. On- and
off-campus soliciting.
Thursday — Tournament finals.
On-campus soliciting.
Friday—Sophomore Carnival. On
campus soliciting.
Saturday—Con Home Dance.
Tuesday—lag Day and Straw
berry Brunch. On- and ofT
campus soliciting.
Wednesday—Labor Day and Bar
becue. Toy collection. On- and
off-campus soliciting.
Thursday — Tournament finals.
On-campus soliciting.
Friday—Sophomore Carnival. On
campus soliciting.
Saturday—Con Home Dance.
Tuesday—lag Day and Straw
berry Brunch. On- and ofT
campus soliciting.
Wednesday—Labor Day and Bar
becue. Toy collection. On- and
off-campus soliciting.
Thursday — Tournament finals.
On-campus soliciting.
Friday—Sophomore Carnival. On
campus soliciting.
Saturday—Con Home Dance.
Tuesday—lag Day and Straw
berry Brunch. On- and ofT
campus soliciting.
Wednesday—Labor Day and Bar
becue. Toy collection. On- and
off-campus soliciting.
Thursday — Tournament finals.
On-campus soliciting.
Friday—Sophomore Carnival. On
campus soliciting.
Saturday—Con Home Dance.
Tuesday—lag Day and Straw
berry Brunch. On- and ofT
campus soliciting.
Wednesday—Labor Day and Bar
becue. Toy collection. On- and
off-campus soliciting.
Thursday — Tournament finals.
On-campus soliciting.
Friday—Sophomore Carnival. On
campus soliciting.
Saturday—Con Home Dance.
Tuesday—lag Day and Straw
berry Brunch. On- and ofT
campus soliciting.
Wednesday—Labor Day and Bar
becue. Toy collection. On- and
off-campus soliciting.
Thursday — Tournament finals.
On-campus soliciting.
Friday—Sophomore Carnival. On
campus soliciting.
Saturday—Con Home Dance.
Tuesday—lag Day and Straw
berry Brunch. On- and ofT
campus soliciting.
Wednesday—Labor Day and Bar
becue. Toy collection. On- and
off-campus soliciting.
Thursday — Tournament finals.
On-campus soliciting.
Friday—Sophomore Carnival. On
campus soliciting.
Saturday—Con Home Dance.
