# Varsity Grids Take Vacation
## 
### 
Yesterday was strictly JV clay on
the football field, when Coach Mar
ehie Schwartz's varsity gridders
were given their first vacation since
the spring drills began three weeks
ago.
The varsity recess which will last
until Thursday, was called so that
the coaching staff might be able to
devote time to teaching gridiron
fundamentals to Pete Kmetovic's
greener candidates. Yesterday's
practice session was given over
chiefly to blocking and tackling in
struction, with Phil Bengtson, Ray
Hammett, Chuck Taylor, and Pete
Kmetovic handling the coaching
chores.
Tomorrow's drill has been can
celled so that footballers will be
able to participate in the Con Home
Labor Day, but all hands are ex
pected back for a full workout on
Thursday afternoon. A varsity
scrimmage is slated for Friday.
Yesterday was strictly JV clay on
the football field, when Coach Mar
ehie Schwartz's varsity gridders
were given their first vacation since
the spring drills began three weeks
ago.
The varsity recess which will last
until Thursday, was called so that
the coaching staff might be able to
devote time to teaching gridiron
fundamentals to Pete Kmetovic's
greener candidates. Yesterday's
practice session was given over
chiefly to blocking and tackling in
struction, with Phil Bengtson, Ray
Hammett, Chuck Taylor, and Pete
Kmetovic handling the coaching
chores.
Tomorrow's drill has been can
celled so that footballers will be
able to participate in the Con Home
Labor Day, but all hands are ex
pected back for a full workout on
Thursday afternoon. A varsity
scrimmage is slated for Friday.
Yesterday was strictly JV clay on
the football field, when Coach Mar
ehie Schwartz's varsity gridders
were given their first vacation since
the spring drills began three weeks
ago.
The varsity recess which will last
until Thursday, was called so that
the coaching staff might be able to
devote time to teaching gridiron
fundamentals to Pete Kmetovic's
greener candidates. Yesterday's
practice session was given over
chiefly to blocking and tackling in
struction, with Phil Bengtson, Ray
Hammett, Chuck Taylor, and Pete
Kmetovic handling the coaching
chores.
Tomorrow's drill has been can
celled so that footballers will be
able to participate in the Con Home
Labor Day, but all hands are ex
pected back for a full workout on
Thursday afternoon. A varsity
scrimmage is slated for Friday.
Yesterday was strictly JV clay on
the football field, when Coach Mar
ehie Schwartz's varsity gridders
were given their first vacation since
the spring drills began three weeks
ago.
The varsity recess which will last
until Thursday, was called so that
the coaching staff might be able to
devote time to teaching gridiron
fundamentals to Pete Kmetovic's
greener candidates. Yesterday's
practice session was given over
chiefly to blocking and tackling in
struction, with Phil Bengtson, Ray
Hammett, Chuck Taylor, and Pete
Kmetovic handling the coaching
chores.
Tomorrow's drill has been can
celled so that footballers will be
able to participate in the Con Home
Labor Day, but all hands are ex
pected back for a full workout on
Thursday afternoon. A varsity
scrimmage is slated for Friday.
Yesterday was strictly JV clay on
the football field, when Coach Mar
ehie Schwartz's varsity gridders
were given their first vacation since
the spring drills began three weeks
ago.
The varsity recess which will last
until Thursday, was called so that
the coaching staff might be able to
devote time to teaching gridiron
fundamentals to Pete Kmetovic's
greener candidates. Yesterday's
practice session was given over
chiefly to blocking and tackling in
struction, with Phil Bengtson, Ray
Hammett, Chuck Taylor, and Pete
Kmetovic handling the coaching
chores.
Tomorrow's drill has been can
celled so that footballers will be
able to participate in the Con Home
Labor Day, but all hands are ex
pected back for a full workout on
Thursday afternoon. A varsity
scrimmage is slated for Friday.
Yesterday was strictly JV clay on
the football field, when Coach Mar
ehie Schwartz's varsity gridders
were given their first vacation since
the spring drills began three weeks
ago.
The varsity recess which will last
until Thursday, was called so that
the coaching staff might be able to
devote time to teaching gridiron
fundamentals to Pete Kmetovic's
greener candidates. Yesterday's
practice session was given over
chiefly to blocking and tackling in
struction, with Phil Bengtson, Ray
Hammett, Chuck Taylor, and Pete
Kmetovic handling the coaching
chores.
Tomorrow's drill has been can
celled so that footballers will be
able to participate in the Con Home
Labor Day, but all hands are ex
pected back for a full workout on
Thursday afternoon. A varsity
scrimmage is slated for Friday.
Yesterday was strictly JV clay on
the football field, when Coach Mar
ehie Schwartz's varsity gridders
were given their first vacation since
the spring drills began three weeks
ago.
The varsity recess which will last
until Thursday, was called so that
the coaching staff might be able to
devote time to teaching gridiron
fundamentals to Pete Kmetovic's
greener candidates. Yesterday's
practice session was given over
chiefly to blocking and tackling in
struction, with Phil Bengtson, Ray
Hammett, Chuck Taylor, and Pete
Kmetovic handling the coaching
chores.
Tomorrow's drill has been can
celled so that footballers will be
able to participate in the Con Home
Labor Day, but all hands are ex
pected back for a full workout on
Thursday afternoon. A varsity
scrimmage is slated for Friday.
Yesterday was strictly JV clay on
the football field, when Coach Mar
ehie Schwartz's varsity gridders
were given their first vacation since
the spring drills began three weeks
ago.
The varsity recess which will last
until Thursday, was called so that
the coaching staff might be able to
devote time to teaching gridiron
fundamentals to Pete Kmetovic's
greener candidates. Yesterday's
practice session was given over
chiefly to blocking and tackling in
struction, with Phil Bengtson, Ray
Hammett, Chuck Taylor, and Pete
Kmetovic handling the coaching
chores.
Tomorrow's drill has been can
celled so that footballers will be
able to participate in the Con Home
Labor Day, but all hands are ex
pected back for a full workout on
Thursday afternoon. A varsity
scrimmage is slated for Friday.
Yesterday was strictly JV clay on
the football field, when Coach Mar
ehie Schwartz's varsity gridders
were given their first vacation since
the spring drills began three weeks
ago.
The varsity recess which will last
until Thursday, was called so that
the coaching staff might be able to
devote time to teaching gridiron
fundamentals to Pete Kmetovic's
greener candidates. Yesterday's
practice session was given over
chiefly to blocking and tackling in
struction, with Phil Bengtson, Ray
Hammett, Chuck Taylor, and Pete
Kmetovic handling the coaching
chores.
Tomorrow's drill has been can
celled so that footballers will be
able to participate in the Con Home
Labor Day, but all hands are ex
pected back for a full workout on
Thursday afternoon. A varsity
scrimmage is slated for Friday.
Yesterday was strictly JV clay on
the football field, when Coach Mar
ehie Schwartz's varsity gridders
were given their first vacation since
the spring drills began three weeks
ago.
The varsity recess which will last
until Thursday, was called so that
the coaching staff might be able to
devote time to teaching gridiron
fundamentals to Pete Kmetovic's
greener candidates. Yesterday's
practice session was given over
chiefly to blocking and tackling in
struction, with Phil Bengtson, Ray
Hammett, Chuck Taylor, and Pete
Kmetovic handling the coaching
chores.
Tomorrow's drill has been can
celled so that footballers will be
able to participate in the Con Home
Labor Day, but all hands are ex
pected back for a full workout on
Thursday afternoon. A varsity
scrimmage is slated for Friday.
Yesterday was strictly JV clay on
the football field, when Coach Mar
ehie Schwartz's varsity gridders
were given their first vacation since
the spring drills began three weeks
ago.
The varsity recess which will last
until Thursday, was called so that
the coaching staff might be able to
devote time to teaching gridiron
fundamentals to Pete Kmetovic's
greener candidates. Yesterday's
practice session was given over
chiefly to blocking and tackling in
struction, with Phil Bengtson, Ray
Hammett, Chuck Taylor, and Pete
Kmetovic handling the coaching
chores.
Tomorrow's drill has been can
celled so that footballers will be
able to participate in the Con Home
Labor Day, but all hands are ex
pected back for a full workout on
Thursday afternoon. A varsity
scrimmage is slated for Friday.
Yesterday was strictly JV clay on
the football field, when Coach Mar
ehie Schwartz's varsity gridders
were given their first vacation since
the spring drills began three weeks
ago.
The varsity recess which will last
until Thursday, was called so that
the coaching staff might be able to
devote time to teaching gridiron
fundamentals to Pete Kmetovic's
greener candidates. Yesterday's
practice session was given over
chiefly to blocking and tackling in
struction, with Phil Bengtson, Ray
Hammett, Chuck Taylor, and Pete
Kmetovic handling the coaching
chores.
Tomorrow's drill has been can
celled so that footballers will be
able to participate in the Con Home
Labor Day, but all hands are ex
pected back for a full workout on
Thursday afternoon. A varsity
scrimmage is slated for Friday.
Yesterday was strictly JV clay on
the football field, when Coach Mar
ehie Schwartz's varsity gridders
were given their first vacation since
the spring drills began three weeks
ago.
The varsity recess which will last
until Thursday, was called so that
the coaching staff might be able to
devote time to teaching gridiron
fundamentals to Pete Kmetovic's
greener candidates. Yesterday's
practice session was given over
chiefly to blocking and tackling in
struction, with Phil Bengtson, Ray
Hammett, Chuck Taylor, and Pete
Kmetovic handling the coaching
chores.
Tomorrow's drill has been can
celled so that footballers will be
able to participate in the Con Home
Labor Day, but all hands are ex
pected back for a full workout on
Thursday afternoon. A varsity
scrimmage is slated for Friday.
Yesterday was strictly JV clay on
the football field, when Coach Mar
ehie Schwartz's varsity gridders
were given their first vacation since
the spring drills began three weeks
ago.
The varsity recess which will last
until Thursday, was called so that
the coaching staff might be able to
devote time to teaching gridiron
fundamentals to Pete Kmetovic's
greener candidates. Yesterday's
practice session was given over
chiefly to blocking and tackling in
struction, with Phil Bengtson, Ray
Hammett, Chuck Taylor, and Pete
Kmetovic handling the coaching
chores.
Tomorrow's drill has been can
celled so that footballers will be
able to participate in the Con Home
Labor Day, but all hands are ex
pected back for a full workout on
Thursday afternoon. A varsity
scrimmage is slated for Friday.
Yesterday was strictly JV clay on
the football field, when Coach Mar
ehie Schwartz's varsity gridders
were given their first vacation since
the spring drills began three weeks
ago.
The varsity recess which will last
until Thursday, was called so that
the coaching staff might be able to
devote time to teaching gridiron
fundamentals to Pete Kmetovic's
greener candidates. Yesterday's
practice session was given over
chiefly to blocking and tackling in
struction, with Phil Bengtson, Ray
Hammett, Chuck Taylor, and Pete
Kmetovic handling the coaching
chores.
Tomorrow's drill has been can
celled so that footballers will be
able to participate in the Con Home
Labor Day, but all hands are ex
pected back for a full workout on
Thursday afternoon. A varsity
scrimmage is slated for Friday.
