# FACULTY RESEARCH CLUB
## 
### 
The Faculty Research Club, at its
meeting tomorrow at 8 p.m. in the
Faculty Clubhouse, will hear talks
by R. B. Stark, research fellow in
anatomy and Robert Grinnell, as
sistant professor of philosophy, ac
cording to Professor Siemon W.
Muller, president.
The Faculty Research Club, at its
meeting tomorrow at 8 p.m. in the
Faculty Clubhouse, will hear talks
by R. B. Stark, research fellow in
anatomy and Robert Grinnell, as
sistant professor of philosophy, ac
cording to Professor Siemon W.
Muller, president.
The Faculty Research Club, at its
meeting tomorrow at 8 p.m. in the
Faculty Clubhouse, will hear talks
by R. B. Stark, research fellow in
anatomy and Robert Grinnell, as
sistant professor of philosophy, ac
cording to Professor Siemon W.
Muller, president.
The Faculty Research Club, at its
meeting tomorrow at 8 p.m. in the
Faculty Clubhouse, will hear talks
by R. B. Stark, research fellow in
anatomy and Robert Grinnell, as
sistant professor of philosophy, ac
cording to Professor Siemon W.
Muller, president.
The Faculty Research Club, at its
meeting tomorrow at 8 p.m. in the
Faculty Clubhouse, will hear talks
by R. B. Stark, research fellow in
anatomy and Robert Grinnell, as
sistant professor of philosophy, ac
cording to Professor Siemon W.
Muller, president.
The Faculty Research Club, at its
meeting tomorrow at 8 p.m. in the
Faculty Clubhouse, will hear talks
by R. B. Stark, research fellow in
anatomy and Robert Grinnell, as
sistant professor of philosophy, ac
cording to Professor Siemon W.
Muller, president.
The Faculty Research Club, at its
meeting tomorrow at 8 p.m. in the
Faculty Clubhouse, will hear talks
by R. B. Stark, research fellow in
anatomy and Robert Grinnell, as
sistant professor of philosophy, ac
cording to Professor Siemon W.
Muller, president.
The Faculty Research Club, at its
meeting tomorrow at 8 p.m. in the
Faculty Clubhouse, will hear talks
by R. B. Stark, research fellow in
anatomy and Robert Grinnell, as
sistant professor of philosophy, ac
cording to Professor Siemon W.
Muller, president.
The Faculty Research Club, at its
meeting tomorrow at 8 p.m. in the
Faculty Clubhouse, will hear talks
by R. B. Stark, research fellow in
anatomy and Robert Grinnell, as
sistant professor of philosophy, ac
cording to Professor Siemon W.
Muller, president.
The Faculty Research Club, at its
meeting tomorrow at 8 p.m. in the
Faculty Clubhouse, will hear talks
by R. B. Stark, research fellow in
anatomy and Robert Grinnell, as
sistant professor of philosophy, ac
cording to Professor Siemon W.
Muller, president.
The Faculty Research Club, at its
meeting tomorrow at 8 p.m. in the
Faculty Clubhouse, will hear talks
by R. B. Stark, research fellow in
anatomy and Robert Grinnell, as
sistant professor of philosophy, ac
cording to Professor Siemon W.
Muller, president.
The Faculty Research Club, at its
meeting tomorrow at 8 p.m. in the
Faculty Clubhouse, will hear talks
by R. B. Stark, research fellow in
anatomy and Robert Grinnell, as
sistant professor of philosophy, ac
cording to Professor Siemon W.
Muller, president.
The Faculty Research Club, at its
meeting tomorrow at 8 p.m. in the
Faculty Clubhouse, will hear talks
by R. B. Stark, research fellow in
anatomy and Robert Grinnell, as
sistant professor of philosophy, ac
cording to Professor Siemon W.
Muller, president.
The Faculty Research Club, at its
meeting tomorrow at 8 p.m. in the
Faculty Clubhouse, will hear talks
by R. B. Stark, research fellow in
anatomy and Robert Grinnell, as
sistant professor of philosophy, ac
cording to Professor Siemon W.
Muller, president.
The Faculty Research Club, at its
meeting tomorrow at 8 p.m. in the
Faculty Clubhouse, will hear talks
by R. B. Stark, research fellow in
anatomy and Robert Grinnell, as
sistant professor of philosophy, ac
cording to Professor Siemon W.
Muller, president.
