# One Hundred Delegates Arrive on Campus for Y.M.C.A. Conference
## 
### 
Some one hundred delegates from
universities, colleges, and theological
seminaries of the bay district arrived
at Stanford this afternoon to attend
the Y. M. C. A. Conference on "World
Conditions and the Christian Church."
This afternoon at 3:30 the first ses
sion of the conference was formally
opened in the chapel, room 100, by
Chaplain I). Charles Gardner, as pre
siding officer. Bishop William H.
Moreland of Sacramento delivered a
forceful address on "Implications for
Christianity in the European Situa
tion."
This evening there will be three
talks. Dr. J. S. Chandler, for many
years a missionary in India, .will
speak on "Christianity's Unprecedent
ed Opporunity in the Orient." Senor
Vicente Mendoza of Southern Cali
fornia, and James 1?. Watson, secre
tary of the Stanford Y, M. C. A., will
tell of "The Religious Needs of Span
ish America." Professor R. L. Green
will preside.
Two addresses by Dr. Albert Parker
Fitch feature tomorrow's program.
In the morning he will speak on
"Present Day Problems of the
Churches in North America," while
in the afternoon he will take as his
theme, "The Imperative Call for
Christian Leaders."
Gale Seaman, Coast Student Secre
tary of the Y. M. C. A., will speak In
the morning on "Some Phases of the
North American Student Movement."
"Some Human Impressions of the
Ministry Today" will be the subject of
a talk by Rev. Paul Smith, pastor of
Central Methodist Church, San Fran
cisco, in the afternoon.
