# Adv. 8 Page 6
## 
### 
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
ti
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Nomer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
ti
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Nomer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
ti
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Nomer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
ti
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Nomer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
ti
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Nomer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
ti
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Nomer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
ti
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Nomer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
ti
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Nomer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
ti
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Nomer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
ti
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Nomer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
ti
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Nomer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
ti
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Nomer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
ti
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Nomer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
ti
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Nomer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
