# Adv. 38 Page 9
## 
### 
Our jet
fares to
Europe are
lessihan
any other
scheduled
airline's.
But our
service
isn't.
If you are under 22, our
youth fare is made for
you. $360 round-trip in
April & May— $410 in
June, July and August.
Great food and service,
direct flights from New
York and Chicago with
connections from other
cities to Luxembourg
in the heart of Europe.
Fares subject to change.
See your travel agent,
campus rep, or write:
Icelandic Airlines,
630 Fifth Ave., N.Y.,
N.Y. 10020.
ICELANDIC
CN
Our jet
fares to
Europe are
lessihan
any other
scheduled
airline's.
But our
service
isn't.
If you are under 22, our
youth fare is made for
you. $360 round-trip in
April & May— $410 in
June, July and August.
Great food and service,
direct flights from New
York and Chicago with
connections from other
cities to Luxembourg
in the heart of Europe.
Fares subject to change.
See your travel agent,
campus rep, or write:
Icelandic Airlines,
630 Fifth Ave., N.Y.,
N.Y. 10020.
ICELANDIC
CN
Our jet
fares to
Europe are
lessihan
any other
scheduled
airline's.
But our
service
isn't.
If you are under 22, our
youth fare is made for
you. $360 round-trip in
April & May— $410 in
June, July and August.
Great food and service,
direct flights from New
York and Chicago with
connections from other
cities to Luxembourg
in the heart of Europe.
Fares subject to change.
See your travel agent,
campus rep, or write:
Icelandic Airlines,
630 Fifth Ave., N.Y.,
N.Y. 10020.
ICELANDIC
CN
Our jet
fares to
Europe are
lessihan
any other
scheduled
airline's.
But our
service
isn't.
If you are under 22, our
youth fare is made for
you. $360 round-trip in
April & May— $410 in
June, July and August.
Great food and service,
direct flights from New
York and Chicago with
connections from other
cities to Luxembourg
in the heart of Europe.
Fares subject to change.
See your travel agent,
campus rep, or write:
Icelandic Airlines,
630 Fifth Ave., N.Y.,
N.Y. 10020.
ICELANDIC
CN
Our jet
fares to
Europe are
lessihan
any other
scheduled
airline's.
But our
service
isn't.
If you are under 22, our
youth fare is made for
you. $360 round-trip in
April & May— $410 in
June, July and August.
Great food and service,
direct flights from New
York and Chicago with
connections from other
cities to Luxembourg
in the heart of Europe.
Fares subject to change.
See your travel agent,
campus rep, or write:
Icelandic Airlines,
630 Fifth Ave., N.Y.,
N.Y. 10020.
ICELANDIC
CN
Our jet
fares to
Europe are
lessihan
any other
scheduled
airline's.
But our
service
isn't.
If you are under 22, our
youth fare is made for
you. $360 round-trip in
April & May— $410 in
June, July and August.
Great food and service,
direct flights from New
York and Chicago with
connections from other
cities to Luxembourg
in the heart of Europe.
Fares subject to change.
See your travel agent,
campus rep, or write:
Icelandic Airlines,
630 Fifth Ave., N.Y.,
N.Y. 10020.
ICELANDIC
CN
Our jet
fares to
Europe are
lessihan
any other
scheduled
airline's.
But our
service
isn't.
If you are under 22, our
youth fare is made for
you. $360 round-trip in
April & May— $410 in
June, July and August.
Great food and service,
direct flights from New
York and Chicago with
connections from other
cities to Luxembourg
in the heart of Europe.
Fares subject to change.
See your travel agent,
campus rep, or write:
Icelandic Airlines,
630 Fifth Ave., N.Y.,
N.Y. 10020.
ICELANDIC
CN
Our jet
fares to
Europe are
lessihan
any other
scheduled
airline's.
But our
service
isn't.
If you are under 22, our
youth fare is made for
you. $360 round-trip in
April & May— $410 in
June, July and August.
Great food and service,
direct flights from New
York and Chicago with
connections from other
cities to Luxembourg
in the heart of Europe.
Fares subject to change.
See your travel agent,
campus rep, or write:
Icelandic Airlines,
630 Fifth Ave., N.Y.,
N.Y. 10020.
ICELANDIC
CN
Our jet
fares to
Europe are
lessihan
any other
scheduled
airline's.
But our
service
isn't.
If you are under 22, our
youth fare is made for
you. $360 round-trip in
April & May— $410 in
June, July and August.
Great food and service,
direct flights from New
York and Chicago with
connections from other
cities to Luxembourg
in the heart of Europe.
Fares subject to change.
See your travel agent,
campus rep, or write:
Icelandic Airlines,
630 Fifth Ave., N.Y.,
N.Y. 10020.
ICELANDIC
CN
Our jet
fares to
Europe are
lessihan
any other
scheduled
airline's.
But our
service
isn't.
If you are under 22, our
youth fare is made for
you. $360 round-trip in
April & May— $410 in
June, July and August.
Great food and service,
direct flights from New
York and Chicago with
connections from other
cities to Luxembourg
in the heart of Europe.
Fares subject to change.
See your travel agent,
campus rep, or write:
Icelandic Airlines,
630 Fifth Ave., N.Y.,
N.Y. 10020.
ICELANDIC
CN
Our jet
fares to
Europe are
lessihan
any other
scheduled
airline's.
But our
service
isn't.
If you are under 22, our
youth fare is made for
you. $360 round-trip in
April & May— $410 in
June, July and August.
Great food and service,
direct flights from New
York and Chicago with
connections from other
cities to Luxembourg
in the heart of Europe.
Fares subject to change.
See your travel agent,
campus rep, or write:
Icelandic Airlines,
630 Fifth Ave., N.Y.,
N.Y. 10020.
ICELANDIC
CN
Our jet
fares to
Europe are
lessihan
any other
scheduled
airline's.
But our
service
isn't.
If you are under 22, our
youth fare is made for
you. $360 round-trip in
April & May— $410 in
June, July and August.
Great food and service,
direct flights from New
York and Chicago with
connections from other
cities to Luxembourg
in the heart of Europe.
Fares subject to change.
See your travel agent,
campus rep, or write:
Icelandic Airlines,
630 Fifth Ave., N.Y.,
N.Y. 10020.
ICELANDIC
CN
Our jet
fares to
Europe are
lessihan
any other
scheduled
airline's.
But our
service
isn't.
If you are under 22, our
youth fare is made for
you. $360 round-trip in
April & May— $410 in
June, July and August.
Great food and service,
direct flights from New
York and Chicago with
connections from other
cities to Luxembourg
in the heart of Europe.
Fares subject to change.
See your travel agent,
campus rep, or write:
Icelandic Airlines,
630 Fifth Ave., N.Y.,
N.Y. 10020.
ICELANDIC
CN
Our jet
fares to
Europe are
lessihan
any other
scheduled
airline's.
But our
service
isn't.
If you are under 22, our
youth fare is made for
you. $360 round-trip in
April & May— $410 in
June, July and August.
Great food and service,
direct flights from New
York and Chicago with
connections from other
cities to Luxembourg
in the heart of Europe.
Fares subject to change.
See your travel agent,
campus rep, or write:
Icelandic Airlines,
630 Fifth Ave., N.Y.,
N.Y. 10020.
ICELANDIC
CN
