# Home from East
## 
### 

JIM REYNOLDS
A.S.S.U. President, who has re
turned from the New York con
vention of the National Student
Federation of America.

JIM REYNOLDS
A.S.S.U. President, who has re
turned from the New York con
vention of the National Student
Federation of America.

JIM REYNOLDS
A.S.S.U. President, who has re
turned from the New York con
vention of the National Student
Federation of America.

JIM REYNOLDS
A.S.S.U. President, who has re
turned from the New York con
vention of the National Student
Federation of America.

JIM REYNOLDS
A.S.S.U. President, who has re
turned from the New York con
vention of the National Student
Federation of America.

JIM REYNOLDS
A.S.S.U. President, who has re
turned from the New York con
vention of the National Student
Federation of America.

JIM REYNOLDS
A.S.S.U. President, who has re
turned from the New York con
vention of the National Student
Federation of America.

JIM REYNOLDS
A.S.S.U. President, who has re
turned from the New York con
vention of the National Student
Federation of America.

JIM REYNOLDS
A.S.S.U. President, who has re
turned from the New York con
vention of the National Student
Federation of America.

JIM REYNOLDS
A.S.S.U. President, who has re
turned from the New York con
vention of the National Student
Federation of America.

JIM REYNOLDS
A.S.S.U. President, who has re
turned from the New York con
vention of the National Student
Federation of America.

JIM REYNOLDS
A.S.S.U. President, who has re
turned from the New York con
vention of the National Student
Federation of America.

JIM REYNOLDS
A.S.S.U. President, who has re
turned from the New York con
vention of the National Student
Federation of America.

JIM REYNOLDS
A.S.S.U. President, who has re
turned from the New York con
vention of the National Student
Federation of America.

JIM REYNOLDS
A.S.S.U. President, who has re
turned from the New York con
vention of the National Student
Federation of America.
