# CHICAGO PLAYS HOST TO LEGION
## 
### 

100.000 STRONG, the American Legion parades down famed Michigan Boulevard during ilieir annual na
tional convention held in the Windy City. The delegation from Texas are shown marching along only r
' small part of eleven-mile long parade. ,

100.000 STRONG, the American Legion parades down famed Michigan Boulevard during ilieir annual na
tional convention held in the Windy City. The delegation from Texas are shown marching along only r
' small part of eleven-mile long parade. ,

100.000 STRONG, the American Legion parades down famed Michigan Boulevard during ilieir annual na
tional convention held in the Windy City. The delegation from Texas are shown marching along only r
' small part of eleven-mile long parade. ,

100.000 STRONG, the American Legion parades down famed Michigan Boulevard during ilieir annual na
tional convention held in the Windy City. The delegation from Texas are shown marching along only r
' small part of eleven-mile long parade. ,

100.000 STRONG, the American Legion parades down famed Michigan Boulevard during ilieir annual na
tional convention held in the Windy City. The delegation from Texas are shown marching along only r
' small part of eleven-mile long parade. ,

100.000 STRONG, the American Legion parades down famed Michigan Boulevard during ilieir annual na
tional convention held in the Windy City. The delegation from Texas are shown marching along only r
' small part of eleven-mile long parade. ,

100.000 STRONG, the American Legion parades down famed Michigan Boulevard during ilieir annual na
tional convention held in the Windy City. The delegation from Texas are shown marching along only r
' small part of eleven-mile long parade. ,

100.000 STRONG, the American Legion parades down famed Michigan Boulevard during ilieir annual na
tional convention held in the Windy City. The delegation from Texas are shown marching along only r
' small part of eleven-mile long parade. ,

100.000 STRONG, the American Legion parades down famed Michigan Boulevard during ilieir annual na
tional convention held in the Windy City. The delegation from Texas are shown marching along only r
' small part of eleven-mile long parade. ,

100.000 STRONG, the American Legion parades down famed Michigan Boulevard during ilieir annual na
tional convention held in the Windy City. The delegation from Texas are shown marching along only r
' small part of eleven-mile long parade. ,

100.000 STRONG, the American Legion parades down famed Michigan Boulevard during ilieir annual na
tional convention held in the Windy City. The delegation from Texas are shown marching along only r
' small part of eleven-mile long parade. ,

100.000 STRONG, the American Legion parades down famed Michigan Boulevard during ilieir annual na
tional convention held in the Windy City. The delegation from Texas are shown marching along only r
' small part of eleven-mile long parade. ,

100.000 STRONG, the American Legion parades down famed Michigan Boulevard during ilieir annual na
tional convention held in the Windy City. The delegation from Texas are shown marching along only r
' small part of eleven-mile long parade. ,

100.000 STRONG, the American Legion parades down famed Michigan Boulevard during ilieir annual na
tional convention held in the Windy City. The delegation from Texas are shown marching along only r
' small part of eleven-mile long parade. ,

100.000 STRONG, the American Legion parades down famed Michigan Boulevard during ilieir annual na
tional convention held in the Windy City. The delegation from Texas are shown marching along only r
' small part of eleven-mile long parade. ,

100.000 STRONG, the American Legion parades down famed Michigan Boulevard during ilieir annual na
tional convention held in the Windy City. The delegation from Texas are shown marching along only r
' small part of eleven-mile long parade. ,
