# Airways Order Planes For Revised Schedules
## 
### 
SEATTLE, Oct. 3 (UP).—A Pan-
American Ail-ways order for six 74-
passenger Boeing Clippers today
pointed to an all-around revision of
long-distance flying schedules, in
which Los Angeles will serve as the
base for enlarged trans-Pacific and
southern schedules. Delivery of the
first 41-ton ship was set for the
spring of 1941, and total cost of the
Boeing order was a reported $3,-
000,000.
SEATTLE, Oct. 3 (UP).—A Pan-
American Ail-ways order for six 74-
passenger Boeing Clippers today
pointed to an all-around revision of
long-distance flying schedules, in
which Los Angeles will serve as the
base for enlarged trans-Pacific and
southern schedules. Delivery of the
first 41-ton ship was set for the
spring of 1941, and total cost of the
Boeing order was a reported $3,-
000,000.
SEATTLE, Oct. 3 (UP).—A Pan-
American Ail-ways order for six 74-
passenger Boeing Clippers today
pointed to an all-around revision of
long-distance flying schedules, in
which Los Angeles will serve as the
base for enlarged trans-Pacific and
southern schedules. Delivery of the
first 41-ton ship was set for the
spring of 1941, and total cost of the
Boeing order was a reported $3,-
000,000.
SEATTLE, Oct. 3 (UP).—A Pan-
American Ail-ways order for six 74-
passenger Boeing Clippers today
pointed to an all-around revision of
long-distance flying schedules, in
which Los Angeles will serve as the
base for enlarged trans-Pacific and
southern schedules. Delivery of the
first 41-ton ship was set for the
spring of 1941, and total cost of the
Boeing order was a reported $3,-
000,000.
SEATTLE, Oct. 3 (UP).—A Pan-
American Ail-ways order for six 74-
passenger Boeing Clippers today
pointed to an all-around revision of
long-distance flying schedules, in
which Los Angeles will serve as the
base for enlarged trans-Pacific and
southern schedules. Delivery of the
first 41-ton ship was set for the
spring of 1941, and total cost of the
Boeing order was a reported $3,-
000,000.
SEATTLE, Oct. 3 (UP).—A Pan-
American Ail-ways order for six 74-
passenger Boeing Clippers today
pointed to an all-around revision of
long-distance flying schedules, in
which Los Angeles will serve as the
base for enlarged trans-Pacific and
southern schedules. Delivery of the
first 41-ton ship was set for the
spring of 1941, and total cost of the
Boeing order was a reported $3,-
000,000.
SEATTLE, Oct. 3 (UP).—A Pan-
American Ail-ways order for six 74-
passenger Boeing Clippers today
pointed to an all-around revision of
long-distance flying schedules, in
which Los Angeles will serve as the
base for enlarged trans-Pacific and
southern schedules. Delivery of the
first 41-ton ship was set for the
spring of 1941, and total cost of the
Boeing order was a reported $3,-
000,000.
SEATTLE, Oct. 3 (UP).—A Pan-
American Ail-ways order for six 74-
passenger Boeing Clippers today
pointed to an all-around revision of
long-distance flying schedules, in
which Los Angeles will serve as the
base for enlarged trans-Pacific and
southern schedules. Delivery of the
first 41-ton ship was set for the
spring of 1941, and total cost of the
Boeing order was a reported $3,-
000,000.
SEATTLE, Oct. 3 (UP).—A Pan-
American Ail-ways order for six 74-
passenger Boeing Clippers today
pointed to an all-around revision of
long-distance flying schedules, in
which Los Angeles will serve as the
base for enlarged trans-Pacific and
southern schedules. Delivery of the
first 41-ton ship was set for the
spring of 1941, and total cost of the
Boeing order was a reported $3,-
000,000.
SEATTLE, Oct. 3 (UP).—A Pan-
American Ail-ways order for six 74-
passenger Boeing Clippers today
pointed to an all-around revision of
long-distance flying schedules, in
which Los Angeles will serve as the
base for enlarged trans-Pacific and
southern schedules. Delivery of the
first 41-ton ship was set for the
spring of 1941, and total cost of the
Boeing order was a reported $3,-
000,000.
SEATTLE, Oct. 3 (UP).—A Pan-
American Ail-ways order for six 74-
passenger Boeing Clippers today
pointed to an all-around revision of
long-distance flying schedules, in
which Los Angeles will serve as the
base for enlarged trans-Pacific and
southern schedules. Delivery of the
first 41-ton ship was set for the
spring of 1941, and total cost of the
Boeing order was a reported $3,-
000,000.
SEATTLE, Oct. 3 (UP).—A Pan-
American Ail-ways order for six 74-
passenger Boeing Clippers today
pointed to an all-around revision of
long-distance flying schedules, in
which Los Angeles will serve as the
base for enlarged trans-Pacific and
southern schedules. Delivery of the
first 41-ton ship was set for the
spring of 1941, and total cost of the
Boeing order was a reported $3,-
000,000.
SEATTLE, Oct. 3 (UP).—A Pan-
American Ail-ways order for six 74-
passenger Boeing Clippers today
pointed to an all-around revision of
long-distance flying schedules, in
which Los Angeles will serve as the
base for enlarged trans-Pacific and
southern schedules. Delivery of the
first 41-ton ship was set for the
spring of 1941, and total cost of the
Boeing order was a reported $3,-
000,000.
SEATTLE, Oct. 3 (UP).—A Pan-
American Ail-ways order for six 74-
passenger Boeing Clippers today
pointed to an all-around revision of
long-distance flying schedules, in
which Los Angeles will serve as the
base for enlarged trans-Pacific and
southern schedules. Delivery of the
first 41-ton ship was set for the
spring of 1941, and total cost of the
Boeing order was a reported $3,-
000,000.
SEATTLE, Oct. 3 (UP).—A Pan-
American Ail-ways order for six 74-
passenger Boeing Clippers today
pointed to an all-around revision of
long-distance flying schedules, in
which Los Angeles will serve as the
base for enlarged trans-Pacific and
southern schedules. Delivery of the
first 41-ton ship was set for the
spring of 1941, and total cost of the
Boeing order was a reported $3,-
000,000.
SEATTLE, Oct. 3 (UP).—A Pan-
American Ail-ways order for six 74-
passenger Boeing Clippers today
pointed to an all-around revision of
long-distance flying schedules, in
which Los Angeles will serve as the
base for enlarged trans-Pacific and
southern schedules. Delivery of the
first 41-ton ship was set for the
spring of 1941, and total cost of the
Boeing order was a reported $3,-
000,000.
