# Gaieties Head Seeks New Ideas
## 
### 
Gaieties Director Charlie Bulotti
has renewed his call for submission
of Gaieties material. Scripts for
skits, songs, and ideas of any kind
will be welcome. The Gaieties will
feature new talent this year, and all
newcomers to the Stanford theater
are urged to turn in their work for
consideration.
Help in expanding ideas will be
given those with any problems, and
although freshman women may not
participate in the show, they may
submit material for production. The
most convenient way in which songs
may be submitted is the lead-sheet
form.
The deadline for material will be
Oct. 6. Incomplete material will be
accepted and a special Ram's Head
committee has been appointed to
work with unfinished skits and
songs.
Gaieties Director Charlie Bulotti
has renewed his call for submission
of Gaieties material. Scripts for
skits, songs, and ideas of any kind
will be welcome. The Gaieties will
feature new talent this year, and all
newcomers to the Stanford theater
are urged to turn in their work for
consideration.
Help in expanding ideas will be
given those with any problems, and
although freshman women may not
participate in the show, they may
submit material for production. The
most convenient way in which songs
may be submitted is the lead-sheet
form.
The deadline for material will be
Oct. 6. Incomplete material will be
accepted and a special Ram's Head
committee has been appointed to
work with unfinished skits and
songs.
Gaieties Director Charlie Bulotti
has renewed his call for submission
of Gaieties material. Scripts for
skits, songs, and ideas of any kind
will be welcome. The Gaieties will
feature new talent this year, and all
newcomers to the Stanford theater
are urged to turn in their work for
consideration.
Help in expanding ideas will be
given those with any problems, and
although freshman women may not
participate in the show, they may
submit material for production. The
most convenient way in which songs
may be submitted is the lead-sheet
form.
The deadline for material will be
Oct. 6. Incomplete material will be
accepted and a special Ram's Head
committee has been appointed to
work with unfinished skits and
songs.
Gaieties Director Charlie Bulotti
has renewed his call for submission
of Gaieties material. Scripts for
skits, songs, and ideas of any kind
will be welcome. The Gaieties will
feature new talent this year, and all
newcomers to the Stanford theater
are urged to turn in their work for
consideration.
Help in expanding ideas will be
given those with any problems, and
although freshman women may not
participate in the show, they may
submit material for production. The
most convenient way in which songs
may be submitted is the lead-sheet
form.
The deadline for material will be
Oct. 6. Incomplete material will be
accepted and a special Ram's Head
committee has been appointed to
work with unfinished skits and
songs.
Gaieties Director Charlie Bulotti
has renewed his call for submission
of Gaieties material. Scripts for
skits, songs, and ideas of any kind
will be welcome. The Gaieties will
feature new talent this year, and all
newcomers to the Stanford theater
are urged to turn in their work for
consideration.
Help in expanding ideas will be
given those with any problems, and
although freshman women may not
participate in the show, they may
submit material for production. The
most convenient way in which songs
may be submitted is the lead-sheet
form.
The deadline for material will be
Oct. 6. Incomplete material will be
accepted and a special Ram's Head
committee has been appointed to
work with unfinished skits and
songs.
Gaieties Director Charlie Bulotti
has renewed his call for submission
of Gaieties material. Scripts for
skits, songs, and ideas of any kind
will be welcome. The Gaieties will
feature new talent this year, and all
newcomers to the Stanford theater
are urged to turn in their work for
consideration.
Help in expanding ideas will be
given those with any problems, and
although freshman women may not
participate in the show, they may
submit material for production. The
most convenient way in which songs
may be submitted is the lead-sheet
form.
The deadline for material will be
Oct. 6. Incomplete material will be
accepted and a special Ram's Head
committee has been appointed to
work with unfinished skits and
songs.
Gaieties Director Charlie Bulotti
has renewed his call for submission
of Gaieties material. Scripts for
skits, songs, and ideas of any kind
will be welcome. The Gaieties will
feature new talent this year, and all
newcomers to the Stanford theater
are urged to turn in their work for
consideration.
Help in expanding ideas will be
given those with any problems, and
although freshman women may not
participate in the show, they may
submit material for production. The
most convenient way in which songs
may be submitted is the lead-sheet
form.
The deadline for material will be
Oct. 6. Incomplete material will be
accepted and a special Ram's Head
committee has been appointed to
work with unfinished skits and
songs.
Gaieties Director Charlie Bulotti
has renewed his call for submission
of Gaieties material. Scripts for
skits, songs, and ideas of any kind
will be welcome. The Gaieties will
feature new talent this year, and all
newcomers to the Stanford theater
are urged to turn in their work for
consideration.
Help in expanding ideas will be
given those with any problems, and
although freshman women may not
participate in the show, they may
submit material for production. The
most convenient way in which songs
may be submitted is the lead-sheet
form.
The deadline for material will be
Oct. 6. Incomplete material will be
accepted and a special Ram's Head
committee has been appointed to
work with unfinished skits and
songs.
Gaieties Director Charlie Bulotti
has renewed his call for submission
of Gaieties material. Scripts for
skits, songs, and ideas of any kind
will be welcome. The Gaieties will
feature new talent this year, and all
newcomers to the Stanford theater
are urged to turn in their work for
consideration.
Help in expanding ideas will be
given those with any problems, and
although freshman women may not
participate in the show, they may
submit material for production. The
most convenient way in which songs
may be submitted is the lead-sheet
form.
The deadline for material will be
Oct. 6. Incomplete material will be
accepted and a special Ram's Head
committee has been appointed to
work with unfinished skits and
songs.
Gaieties Director Charlie Bulotti
has renewed his call for submission
of Gaieties material. Scripts for
skits, songs, and ideas of any kind
will be welcome. The Gaieties will
feature new talent this year, and all
newcomers to the Stanford theater
are urged to turn in their work for
consideration.
Help in expanding ideas will be
given those with any problems, and
although freshman women may not
participate in the show, they may
submit material for production. The
most convenient way in which songs
may be submitted is the lead-sheet
form.
The deadline for material will be
Oct. 6. Incomplete material will be
accepted and a special Ram's Head
committee has been appointed to
work with unfinished skits and
songs.
Gaieties Director Charlie Bulotti
has renewed his call for submission
of Gaieties material. Scripts for
skits, songs, and ideas of any kind
will be welcome. The Gaieties will
feature new talent this year, and all
newcomers to the Stanford theater
are urged to turn in their work for
consideration.
Help in expanding ideas will be
given those with any problems, and
although freshman women may not
participate in the show, they may
submit material for production. The
most convenient way in which songs
may be submitted is the lead-sheet
form.
The deadline for material will be
Oct. 6. Incomplete material will be
accepted and a special Ram's Head
committee has been appointed to
work with unfinished skits and
songs.
Gaieties Director Charlie Bulotti
has renewed his call for submission
of Gaieties material. Scripts for
skits, songs, and ideas of any kind
will be welcome. The Gaieties will
feature new talent this year, and all
newcomers to the Stanford theater
are urged to turn in their work for
consideration.
Help in expanding ideas will be
given those with any problems, and
although freshman women may not
participate in the show, they may
submit material for production. The
most convenient way in which songs
may be submitted is the lead-sheet
form.
The deadline for material will be
Oct. 6. Incomplete material will be
accepted and a special Ram's Head
committee has been appointed to
work with unfinished skits and
songs.
Gaieties Director Charlie Bulotti
has renewed his call for submission
of Gaieties material. Scripts for
skits, songs, and ideas of any kind
will be welcome. The Gaieties will
feature new talent this year, and all
newcomers to the Stanford theater
are urged to turn in their work for
consideration.
Help in expanding ideas will be
given those with any problems, and
although freshman women may not
participate in the show, they may
submit material for production. The
most convenient way in which songs
may be submitted is the lead-sheet
form.
The deadline for material will be
Oct. 6. Incomplete material will be
accepted and a special Ram's Head
committee has been appointed to
work with unfinished skits and
songs.
Gaieties Director Charlie Bulotti
has renewed his call for submission
of Gaieties material. Scripts for
skits, songs, and ideas of any kind
will be welcome. The Gaieties will
feature new talent this year, and all
newcomers to the Stanford theater
are urged to turn in their work for
consideration.
Help in expanding ideas will be
given those with any problems, and
although freshman women may not
participate in the show, they may
submit material for production. The
most convenient way in which songs
may be submitted is the lead-sheet
form.
The deadline for material will be
Oct. 6. Incomplete material will be
accepted and a special Ram's Head
committee has been appointed to
work with unfinished skits and
songs.
Gaieties Director Charlie Bulotti
has renewed his call for submission
of Gaieties material. Scripts for
skits, songs, and ideas of any kind
will be welcome. The Gaieties will
feature new talent this year, and all
newcomers to the Stanford theater
are urged to turn in their work for
consideration.
Help in expanding ideas will be
given those with any problems, and
although freshman women may not
participate in the show, they may
submit material for production. The
most convenient way in which songs
may be submitted is the lead-sheet
form.
The deadline for material will be
Oct. 6. Incomplete material will be
accepted and a special Ram's Head
committee has been appointed to
work with unfinished skits and
songs.
Gaieties Director Charlie Bulotti
has renewed his call for submission
of Gaieties material. Scripts for
skits, songs, and ideas of any kind
will be welcome. The Gaieties will
feature new talent this year, and all
newcomers to the Stanford theater
are urged to turn in their work for
consideration.
Help in expanding ideas will be
given those with any problems, and
although freshman women may not
participate in the show, they may
submit material for production. The
most convenient way in which songs
may be submitted is the lead-sheet
form.
The deadline for material will be
Oct. 6. Incomplete material will be
accepted and a special Ram's Head
committee has been appointed to
work with unfinished skits and
songs.
