# Max Savelle Opens Tuesday Series
## 
### 
The masses of the world today are
still uncivilized, ignorant, and un
able to rule themselves, was the
viewpoint expressed by Max Savelle
when he opened the 1939-40 Tues
day Evening Lecture Series with a
talk entitled "Around the World in
500 Days" in Memorial Auditorium
last night.
Expressing the opinion that the
United States should stay out of war,
Professor Savelle described his 16-
month trip around the world. "The
peoples of the earth are not yet fit
to rule themselves. Only 10 per cent
of the countries of the world are
democi'acies. This introduces the
question of how valid democracy
is," Savelle said.
"The masses have little art or
richness of life. On the whole, the
world has merely scratched the sur
face," he declared.
