# ANNOUNCEMENTS
## 
### 
Wednesday
10:00 a.m., All-University Activities
Assembly.
12:00 noon, French table meeting.
Union Alcove.
1:00 p.m., There will be a meeting
of all off-campus women in the Y.
Please be there.
5:15 p.m., Examination on style and
proof-reading for Daily staff try
outees.
7:00 p.m., Jolly-up given by women
of the Union unit at Women's
Clubhouse. All Stanford men in
vited.
7:00 p.m., "Bonehead" English ma
triculation test. Room 214.
7:30 p.m., Meeting of all freshmen
interested in debate. Room 201,
English corner.
8:00 p.m., Research Club in (he Fac
ulty Clubhouse.
Thursday
1:45 p.m., Meeting of the Board of
Trustees, Balfour Building offices,
San Francisco.
4:00 p.m., First meeting of German
Honor Society at the home of Dr.
and Mrs. W. A. Cooper, 625 Sal
vatierra. German majors and mi
nors and members of the staff are
welcome.
4:15 p.m., Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen, University organist. Me
morial Church.
Friday
9:00 p.m.-1:00 a.m., All-University
informal at Women's gymnasium.
Saturday
8:30 a.m., English and Current
knowledge tests required for pros
pective teachers. Room 50, Edu
cation Building.
Wednesday
10:00 a.m., All-University Activities
Assembly.
12:00 noon, French table meeting.
Union Alcove.
1:00 p.m., There will be a meeting
of all off-campus women in the Y.
Please be there.
5:15 p.m., Examination on style and
proof-reading for Daily staff try
outees.
7:00 p.m., Jolly-up given by women
of the Union unit at Women's
Clubhouse. All Stanford men in
vited.
7:00 p.m., "Bonehead" English ma
triculation test. Room 214.
7:30 p.m., Meeting of all freshmen
interested in debate. Room 201,
English corner.
8:00 p.m., Research Club in (he Fac
ulty Clubhouse.
Thursday
1:45 p.m., Meeting of the Board of
Trustees, Balfour Building offices,
San Francisco.
4:00 p.m., First meeting of German
Honor Society at the home of Dr.
and Mrs. W. A. Cooper, 625 Sal
vatierra. German majors and mi
nors and members of the staff are
welcome.
4:15 p.m., Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen, University organist. Me
morial Church.
Friday
9:00 p.m.-1:00 a.m., All-University
informal at Women's gymnasium.
Saturday
8:30 a.m., English and Current
knowledge tests required for pros
pective teachers. Room 50, Edu
cation Building.
Wednesday
10:00 a.m., All-University Activities
Assembly.
12:00 noon, French table meeting.
Union Alcove.
1:00 p.m., There will be a meeting
of all off-campus women in the Y.
Please be there.
5:15 p.m., Examination on style and
proof-reading for Daily staff try
outees.
7:00 p.m., Jolly-up given by women
of the Union unit at Women's
Clubhouse. All Stanford men in
vited.
7:00 p.m., "Bonehead" English ma
triculation test. Room 214.
7:30 p.m., Meeting of all freshmen
interested in debate. Room 201,
English corner.
8:00 p.m., Research Club in (he Fac
ulty Clubhouse.
Thursday
1:45 p.m., Meeting of the Board of
Trustees, Balfour Building offices,
San Francisco.
4:00 p.m., First meeting of German
Honor Society at the home of Dr.
and Mrs. W. A. Cooper, 625 Sal
vatierra. German majors and mi
nors and members of the staff are
welcome.
4:15 p.m., Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen, University organist. Me
morial Church.
Friday
9:00 p.m.-1:00 a.m., All-University
informal at Women's gymnasium.
Saturday
8:30 a.m., English and Current
knowledge tests required for pros
pective teachers. Room 50, Edu
cation Building.
Wednesday
10:00 a.m., All-University Activities
Assembly.
12:00 noon, French table meeting.
Union Alcove.
1:00 p.m., There will be a meeting
of all off-campus women in the Y.
Please be there.
5:15 p.m., Examination on style and
proof-reading for Daily staff try
outees.
7:00 p.m., Jolly-up given by women
of the Union unit at Women's
Clubhouse. All Stanford men in
vited.
7:00 p.m., "Bonehead" English ma
triculation test. Room 214.
7:30 p.m., Meeting of all freshmen
interested in debate. Room 201,
English corner.
8:00 p.m., Research Club in (he Fac
ulty Clubhouse.
Thursday
1:45 p.m., Meeting of the Board of
Trustees, Balfour Building offices,
San Francisco.
4:00 p.m., First meeting of German
Honor Society at the home of Dr.
and Mrs. W. A. Cooper, 625 Sal
vatierra. German majors and mi
nors and members of the staff are
welcome.
4:15 p.m., Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen, University organist. Me
morial Church.
Friday
9:00 p.m.-1:00 a.m., All-University
informal at Women's gymnasium.
Saturday
8:30 a.m., English and Current
knowledge tests required for pros
pective teachers. Room 50, Edu
cation Building.
Wednesday
10:00 a.m., All-University Activities
Assembly.
12:00 noon, French table meeting.
Union Alcove.
1:00 p.m., There will be a meeting
of all off-campus women in the Y.
Please be there.
5:15 p.m., Examination on style and
proof-reading for Daily staff try
outees.
7:00 p.m., Jolly-up given by women
of the Union unit at Women's
Clubhouse. All Stanford men in
vited.
7:00 p.m., "Bonehead" English ma
triculation test. Room 214.
7:30 p.m., Meeting of all freshmen
interested in debate. Room 201,
English corner.
8:00 p.m., Research Club in (he Fac
ulty Clubhouse.
Thursday
1:45 p.m., Meeting of the Board of
Trustees, Balfour Building offices,
San Francisco.
4:00 p.m., First meeting of German
Honor Society at the home of Dr.
and Mrs. W. A. Cooper, 625 Sal
vatierra. German majors and mi
nors and members of the staff are
welcome.
4:15 p.m., Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen, University organist. Me
morial Church.
Friday
9:00 p.m.-1:00 a.m., All-University
informal at Women's gymnasium.
Saturday
8:30 a.m., English and Current
knowledge tests required for pros
pective teachers. Room 50, Edu
cation Building.
Wednesday
10:00 a.m., All-University Activities
Assembly.
12:00 noon, French table meeting.
Union Alcove.
1:00 p.m., There will be a meeting
of all off-campus women in the Y.
Please be there.
5:15 p.m., Examination on style and
proof-reading for Daily staff try
outees.
7:00 p.m., Jolly-up given by women
of the Union unit at Women's
Clubhouse. All Stanford men in
vited.
7:00 p.m., "Bonehead" English ma
triculation test. Room 214.
7:30 p.m., Meeting of all freshmen
interested in debate. Room 201,
English corner.
8:00 p.m., Research Club in (he Fac
ulty Clubhouse.
Thursday
1:45 p.m., Meeting of the Board of
Trustees, Balfour Building offices,
San Francisco.
4:00 p.m., First meeting of German
Honor Society at the home of Dr.
and Mrs. W. A. Cooper, 625 Sal
vatierra. German majors and mi
nors and members of the staff are
welcome.
4:15 p.m., Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen, University organist. Me
morial Church.
Friday
9:00 p.m.-1:00 a.m., All-University
informal at Women's gymnasium.
Saturday
8:30 a.m., English and Current
knowledge tests required for pros
pective teachers. Room 50, Edu
cation Building.
Wednesday
10:00 a.m., All-University Activities
Assembly.
12:00 noon, French table meeting.
Union Alcove.
1:00 p.m., There will be a meeting
of all off-campus women in the Y.
Please be there.
5:15 p.m., Examination on style and
proof-reading for Daily staff try
outees.
7:00 p.m., Jolly-up given by women
of the Union unit at Women's
Clubhouse. All Stanford men in
vited.
7:00 p.m., "Bonehead" English ma
triculation test. Room 214.
7:30 p.m., Meeting of all freshmen
interested in debate. Room 201,
English corner.
8:00 p.m., Research Club in (he Fac
ulty Clubhouse.
Thursday
1:45 p.m., Meeting of the Board of
Trustees, Balfour Building offices,
San Francisco.
4:00 p.m., First meeting of German
Honor Society at the home of Dr.
and Mrs. W. A. Cooper, 625 Sal
vatierra. German majors and mi
nors and members of the staff are
welcome.
4:15 p.m., Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen, University organist. Me
morial Church.
Friday
9:00 p.m.-1:00 a.m., All-University
informal at Women's gymnasium.
Saturday
8:30 a.m., English and Current
knowledge tests required for pros
pective teachers. Room 50, Edu
cation Building.
Wednesday
10:00 a.m., All-University Activities
Assembly.
12:00 noon, French table meeting.
Union Alcove.
1:00 p.m., There will be a meeting
of all off-campus women in the Y.
Please be there.
5:15 p.m., Examination on style and
proof-reading for Daily staff try
outees.
7:00 p.m., Jolly-up given by women
of the Union unit at Women's
Clubhouse. All Stanford men in
vited.
7:00 p.m., "Bonehead" English ma
triculation test. Room 214.
7:30 p.m., Meeting of all freshmen
interested in debate. Room 201,
English corner.
8:00 p.m., Research Club in (he Fac
ulty Clubhouse.
Thursday
1:45 p.m., Meeting of the Board of
Trustees, Balfour Building offices,
San Francisco.
4:00 p.m., First meeting of German
Honor Society at the home of Dr.
and Mrs. W. A. Cooper, 625 Sal
vatierra. German majors and mi
nors and members of the staff are
welcome.
4:15 p.m., Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen, University organist. Me
morial Church.
Friday
9:00 p.m.-1:00 a.m., All-University
informal at Women's gymnasium.
Saturday
8:30 a.m., English and Current
knowledge tests required for pros
pective teachers. Room 50, Edu
cation Building.
Wednesday
10:00 a.m., All-University Activities
Assembly.
12:00 noon, French table meeting.
Union Alcove.
1:00 p.m., There will be a meeting
of all off-campus women in the Y.
Please be there.
5:15 p.m., Examination on style and
proof-reading for Daily staff try
outees.
7:00 p.m., Jolly-up given by women
of the Union unit at Women's
Clubhouse. All Stanford men in
vited.
7:00 p.m., "Bonehead" English ma
triculation test. Room 214.
7:30 p.m., Meeting of all freshmen
interested in debate. Room 201,
English corner.
8:00 p.m., Research Club in (he Fac
ulty Clubhouse.
Thursday
1:45 p.m., Meeting of the Board of
Trustees, Balfour Building offices,
San Francisco.
4:00 p.m., First meeting of German
Honor Society at the home of Dr.
and Mrs. W. A. Cooper, 625 Sal
vatierra. German majors and mi
nors and members of the staff are
welcome.
4:15 p.m., Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen, University organist. Me
morial Church.
Friday
9:00 p.m.-1:00 a.m., All-University
informal at Women's gymnasium.
Saturday
8:30 a.m., English and Current
knowledge tests required for pros
pective teachers. Room 50, Edu
cation Building.
Wednesday
10:00 a.m., All-University Activities
Assembly.
12:00 noon, French table meeting.
Union Alcove.
1:00 p.m., There will be a meeting
of all off-campus women in the Y.
Please be there.
5:15 p.m., Examination on style and
proof-reading for Daily staff try
outees.
7:00 p.m., Jolly-up given by women
of the Union unit at Women's
Clubhouse. All Stanford men in
vited.
7:00 p.m., "Bonehead" English ma
triculation test. Room 214.
7:30 p.m., Meeting of all freshmen
interested in debate. Room 201,
English corner.
8:00 p.m., Research Club in (he Fac
ulty Clubhouse.
Thursday
1:45 p.m., Meeting of the Board of
Trustees, Balfour Building offices,
San Francisco.
4:00 p.m., First meeting of German
Honor Society at the home of Dr.
and Mrs. W. A. Cooper, 625 Sal
vatierra. German majors and mi
nors and members of the staff are
welcome.
4:15 p.m., Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen, University organist. Me
morial Church.
Friday
9:00 p.m.-1:00 a.m., All-University
informal at Women's gymnasium.
Saturday
8:30 a.m., English and Current
knowledge tests required for pros
pective teachers. Room 50, Edu
cation Building.
Wednesday
10:00 a.m., All-University Activities
Assembly.
12:00 noon, French table meeting.
Union Alcove.
1:00 p.m., There will be a meeting
of all off-campus women in the Y.
Please be there.
5:15 p.m., Examination on style and
proof-reading for Daily staff try
outees.
7:00 p.m., Jolly-up given by women
of the Union unit at Women's
Clubhouse. All Stanford men in
vited.
7:00 p.m., "Bonehead" English ma
triculation test. Room 214.
7:30 p.m., Meeting of all freshmen
interested in debate. Room 201,
English corner.
8:00 p.m., Research Club in (he Fac
ulty Clubhouse.
Thursday
1:45 p.m., Meeting of the Board of
Trustees, Balfour Building offices,
San Francisco.
4:00 p.m., First meeting of German
Honor Society at the home of Dr.
and Mrs. W. A. Cooper, 625 Sal
vatierra. German majors and mi
nors and members of the staff are
welcome.
4:15 p.m., Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen, University organist. Me
morial Church.
Friday
9:00 p.m.-1:00 a.m., All-University
informal at Women's gymnasium.
Saturday
8:30 a.m., English and Current
knowledge tests required for pros
pective teachers. Room 50, Edu
cation Building.
Wednesday
10:00 a.m., All-University Activities
Assembly.
12:00 noon, French table meeting.
Union Alcove.
1:00 p.m., There will be a meeting
of all off-campus women in the Y.
Please be there.
5:15 p.m., Examination on style and
proof-reading for Daily staff try
outees.
7:00 p.m., Jolly-up given by women
of the Union unit at Women's
Clubhouse. All Stanford men in
vited.
7:00 p.m., "Bonehead" English ma
triculation test. Room 214.
7:30 p.m., Meeting of all freshmen
interested in debate. Room 201,
English corner.
8:00 p.m., Research Club in (he Fac
ulty Clubhouse.
Thursday
1:45 p.m., Meeting of the Board of
Trustees, Balfour Building offices,
San Francisco.
4:00 p.m., First meeting of German
Honor Society at the home of Dr.
and Mrs. W. A. Cooper, 625 Sal
vatierra. German majors and mi
nors and members of the staff are
welcome.
4:15 p.m., Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen, University organist. Me
morial Church.
Friday
9:00 p.m.-1:00 a.m., All-University
informal at Women's gymnasium.
Saturday
8:30 a.m., English and Current
knowledge tests required for pros
pective teachers. Room 50, Edu
cation Building.
Wednesday
10:00 a.m., All-University Activities
Assembly.
12:00 noon, French table meeting.
Union Alcove.
1:00 p.m., There will be a meeting
of all off-campus women in the Y.
Please be there.
5:15 p.m., Examination on style and
proof-reading for Daily staff try
outees.
7:00 p.m., Jolly-up given by women
of the Union unit at Women's
Clubhouse. All Stanford men in
vited.
7:00 p.m., "Bonehead" English ma
triculation test. Room 214.
7:30 p.m., Meeting of all freshmen
interested in debate. Room 201,
English corner.
8:00 p.m., Research Club in (he Fac
ulty Clubhouse.
Thursday
1:45 p.m., Meeting of the Board of
Trustees, Balfour Building offices,
San Francisco.
4:00 p.m., First meeting of German
Honor Society at the home of Dr.
and Mrs. W. A. Cooper, 625 Sal
vatierra. German majors and mi
nors and members of the staff are
welcome.
4:15 p.m., Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen, University organist. Me
morial Church.
Friday
9:00 p.m.-1:00 a.m., All-University
informal at Women's gymnasium.
Saturday
8:30 a.m., English and Current
knowledge tests required for pros
pective teachers. Room 50, Edu
cation Building.
Wednesday
10:00 a.m., All-University Activities
Assembly.
12:00 noon, French table meeting.
Union Alcove.
1:00 p.m., There will be a meeting
of all off-campus women in the Y.
Please be there.
5:15 p.m., Examination on style and
proof-reading for Daily staff try
outees.
7:00 p.m., Jolly-up given by women
of the Union unit at Women's
Clubhouse. All Stanford men in
vited.
7:00 p.m., "Bonehead" English ma
triculation test. Room 214.
7:30 p.m., Meeting of all freshmen
interested in debate. Room 201,
English corner.
8:00 p.m., Research Club in (he Fac
ulty Clubhouse.
Thursday
1:45 p.m., Meeting of the Board of
Trustees, Balfour Building offices,
San Francisco.
4:00 p.m., First meeting of German
Honor Society at the home of Dr.
and Mrs. W. A. Cooper, 625 Sal
vatierra. German majors and mi
nors and members of the staff are
welcome.
4:15 p.m., Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen, University organist. Me
morial Church.
Friday
9:00 p.m.-1:00 a.m., All-University
informal at Women's gymnasium.
Saturday
8:30 a.m., English and Current
knowledge tests required for pros
pective teachers. Room 50, Edu
cation Building.
Wednesday
10:00 a.m., All-University Activities
Assembly.
12:00 noon, French table meeting.
Union Alcove.
1:00 p.m., There will be a meeting
of all off-campus women in the Y.
Please be there.
5:15 p.m., Examination on style and
proof-reading for Daily staff try
outees.
7:00 p.m., Jolly-up given by women
of the Union unit at Women's
Clubhouse. All Stanford men in
vited.
7:00 p.m., "Bonehead" English ma
triculation test. Room 214.
7:30 p.m., Meeting of all freshmen
interested in debate. Room 201,
English corner.
8:00 p.m., Research Club in (he Fac
ulty Clubhouse.
Thursday
1:45 p.m., Meeting of the Board of
Trustees, Balfour Building offices,
San Francisco.
4:00 p.m., First meeting of German
Honor Society at the home of Dr.
and Mrs. W. A. Cooper, 625 Sal
vatierra. German majors and mi
nors and members of the staff are
welcome.
4:15 p.m., Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen, University organist. Me
morial Church.
Friday
9:00 p.m.-1:00 a.m., All-University
informal at Women's gymnasium.
Saturday
8:30 a.m., English and Current
knowledge tests required for pros
pective teachers. Room 50, Edu
cation Building.
