# COLDS AT OREGON
## 
### 
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 11 (P.1.P.)
—"Oh, have you a cold too?" This
has been the Oregon State college
by-word for the last two weeks. It
should go down in history with all
the other famous expressions of
complaint such as "Is it hot enough
for you today?"
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 11 (P.1.P.)
—"Oh, have you a cold too?" This
has been the Oregon State college
by-word for the last two weeks. It
should go down in history with all
the other famous expressions of
complaint such as "Is it hot enough
for you today?"
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 11 (P.1.P.)
—"Oh, have you a cold too?" This
has been the Oregon State college
by-word for the last two weeks. It
should go down in history with all
the other famous expressions of
complaint such as "Is it hot enough
for you today?"
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 11 (P.1.P.)
—"Oh, have you a cold too?" This
has been the Oregon State college
by-word for the last two weeks. It
should go down in history with all
the other famous expressions of
complaint such as "Is it hot enough
for you today?"
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 11 (P.1.P.)
—"Oh, have you a cold too?" This
has been the Oregon State college
by-word for the last two weeks. It
should go down in history with all
the other famous expressions of
complaint such as "Is it hot enough
for you today?"
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 11 (P.1.P.)
—"Oh, have you a cold too?" This
has been the Oregon State college
by-word for the last two weeks. It
should go down in history with all
the other famous expressions of
complaint such as "Is it hot enough
for you today?"
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 11 (P.1.P.)
—"Oh, have you a cold too?" This
has been the Oregon State college
by-word for the last two weeks. It
should go down in history with all
the other famous expressions of
complaint such as "Is it hot enough
for you today?"
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 11 (P.1.P.)
—"Oh, have you a cold too?" This
has been the Oregon State college
by-word for the last two weeks. It
should go down in history with all
the other famous expressions of
complaint such as "Is it hot enough
for you today?"
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 11 (P.1.P.)
—"Oh, have you a cold too?" This
has been the Oregon State college
by-word for the last two weeks. It
should go down in history with all
the other famous expressions of
complaint such as "Is it hot enough
for you today?"
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 11 (P.1.P.)
—"Oh, have you a cold too?" This
has been the Oregon State college
by-word for the last two weeks. It
should go down in history with all
the other famous expressions of
complaint such as "Is it hot enough
for you today?"
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 11 (P.1.P.)
—"Oh, have you a cold too?" This
has been the Oregon State college
by-word for the last two weeks. It
should go down in history with all
the other famous expressions of
complaint such as "Is it hot enough
for you today?"
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 11 (P.1.P.)
—"Oh, have you a cold too?" This
has been the Oregon State college
by-word for the last two weeks. It
should go down in history with all
the other famous expressions of
complaint such as "Is it hot enough
for you today?"
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 11 (P.1.P.)
—"Oh, have you a cold too?" This
has been the Oregon State college
by-word for the last two weeks. It
should go down in history with all
the other famous expressions of
complaint such as "Is it hot enough
for you today?"
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 11 (P.1.P.)
—"Oh, have you a cold too?" This
has been the Oregon State college
by-word for the last two weeks. It
should go down in history with all
the other famous expressions of
complaint such as "Is it hot enough
for you today?"
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 11 (P.1.P.)
—"Oh, have you a cold too?" This
has been the Oregon State college
by-word for the last two weeks. It
should go down in history with all
the other famous expressions of
complaint such as "Is it hot enough
for you today?"
