# GERMAN SOCIETY
## 
### 
'Die first meeting of ihe German
Honor Society will be held at the
home of Dr. and Mrs. W. A. Cooper,
025 Salvatierra, on Thursday after
noon, October 12, at 4 o'clock. All
German majors and minors and
members of the staff will be wel
come.
'Die first meeting of ihe German
Honor Society will be held at the
home of Dr. and Mrs. W. A. Cooper,
025 Salvatierra, on Thursday after
noon, October 12, at 4 o'clock. All
German majors and minors and
members of the staff will be wel
come.
'Die first meeting of ihe German
Honor Society will be held at the
home of Dr. and Mrs. W. A. Cooper,
025 Salvatierra, on Thursday after
noon, October 12, at 4 o'clock. All
German majors and minors and
members of the staff will be wel
come.
'Die first meeting of ihe German
Honor Society will be held at the
home of Dr. and Mrs. W. A. Cooper,
025 Salvatierra, on Thursday after
noon, October 12, at 4 o'clock. All
German majors and minors and
members of the staff will be wel
come.
'Die first meeting of ihe German
Honor Society will be held at the
home of Dr. and Mrs. W. A. Cooper,
025 Salvatierra, on Thursday after
noon, October 12, at 4 o'clock. All
German majors and minors and
members of the staff will be wel
come.
'Die first meeting of ihe German
Honor Society will be held at the
home of Dr. and Mrs. W. A. Cooper,
025 Salvatierra, on Thursday after
noon, October 12, at 4 o'clock. All
German majors and minors and
members of the staff will be wel
come.
'Die first meeting of ihe German
Honor Society will be held at the
home of Dr. and Mrs. W. A. Cooper,
025 Salvatierra, on Thursday after
noon, October 12, at 4 o'clock. All
German majors and minors and
members of the staff will be wel
come.
'Die first meeting of ihe German
Honor Society will be held at the
home of Dr. and Mrs. W. A. Cooper,
025 Salvatierra, on Thursday after
noon, October 12, at 4 o'clock. All
German majors and minors and
members of the staff will be wel
come.
'Die first meeting of ihe German
Honor Society will be held at the
home of Dr. and Mrs. W. A. Cooper,
025 Salvatierra, on Thursday after
noon, October 12, at 4 o'clock. All
German majors and minors and
members of the staff will be wel
come.
'Die first meeting of ihe German
Honor Society will be held at the
home of Dr. and Mrs. W. A. Cooper,
025 Salvatierra, on Thursday after
noon, October 12, at 4 o'clock. All
German majors and minors and
members of the staff will be wel
come.
'Die first meeting of ihe German
Honor Society will be held at the
home of Dr. and Mrs. W. A. Cooper,
025 Salvatierra, on Thursday after
noon, October 12, at 4 o'clock. All
German majors and minors and
members of the staff will be wel
come.
'Die first meeting of ihe German
Honor Society will be held at the
home of Dr. and Mrs. W. A. Cooper,
025 Salvatierra, on Thursday after
noon, October 12, at 4 o'clock. All
German majors and minors and
members of the staff will be wel
come.
'Die first meeting of ihe German
Honor Society will be held at the
home of Dr. and Mrs. W. A. Cooper,
025 Salvatierra, on Thursday after
noon, October 12, at 4 o'clock. All
German majors and minors and
members of the staff will be wel
come.
'Die first meeting of ihe German
Honor Society will be held at the
home of Dr. and Mrs. W. A. Cooper,
025 Salvatierra, on Thursday after
noon, October 12, at 4 o'clock. All
German majors and minors and
members of the staff will be wel
come.
'Die first meeting of ihe German
Honor Society will be held at the
home of Dr. and Mrs. W. A. Cooper,
025 Salvatierra, on Thursday after
noon, October 12, at 4 o'clock. All
German majors and minors and
members of the staff will be wel
come.
