# Arms Leader
## 
### 

Arthur Henderson, British states
man, who is leading the present
armament conference in its futile
search for peace. (Associated Press
Photo)

Arthur Henderson, British states
man, who is leading the present
armament conference in its futile
search for peace. (Associated Press
Photo)

Arthur Henderson, British states
man, who is leading the present
armament conference in its futile
search for peace. (Associated Press
Photo)

Arthur Henderson, British states
man, who is leading the present
armament conference in its futile
search for peace. (Associated Press
Photo)

Arthur Henderson, British states
man, who is leading the present
armament conference in its futile
search for peace. (Associated Press
Photo)

Arthur Henderson, British states
man, who is leading the present
armament conference in its futile
search for peace. (Associated Press
Photo)

Arthur Henderson, British states
man, who is leading the present
armament conference in its futile
search for peace. (Associated Press
Photo)

Arthur Henderson, British states
man, who is leading the present
armament conference in its futile
search for peace. (Associated Press
Photo)

Arthur Henderson, British states
man, who is leading the present
armament conference in its futile
search for peace. (Associated Press
Photo)

Arthur Henderson, British states
man, who is leading the present
armament conference in its futile
search for peace. (Associated Press
Photo)

Arthur Henderson, British states
man, who is leading the present
armament conference in its futile
search for peace. (Associated Press
Photo)

Arthur Henderson, British states
man, who is leading the present
armament conference in its futile
search for peace. (Associated Press
Photo)

Arthur Henderson, British states
man, who is leading the present
armament conference in its futile
search for peace. (Associated Press
Photo)

Arthur Henderson, British states
man, who is leading the present
armament conference in its futile
search for peace. (Associated Press
Photo)

Arthur Henderson, British states
man, who is leading the present
armament conference in its futile
search for peace. (Associated Press
Photo)
