# GLEE CLUB
## 
### 
All members of the Glee Club, in
cluding those who passed the pre
liminary tests Monday night, will
sit in the middle front rows at the
assembly this morning in order to
lead the singing.
All members of the Glee Club, in
cluding those who passed the pre
liminary tests Monday night, will
sit in the middle front rows at the
assembly this morning in order to
lead the singing.
All members of the Glee Club, in
cluding those who passed the pre
liminary tests Monday night, will
sit in the middle front rows at the
assembly this morning in order to
lead the singing.
All members of the Glee Club, in
cluding those who passed the pre
liminary tests Monday night, will
sit in the middle front rows at the
assembly this morning in order to
lead the singing.
All members of the Glee Club, in
cluding those who passed the pre
liminary tests Monday night, will
sit in the middle front rows at the
assembly this morning in order to
lead the singing.
All members of the Glee Club, in
cluding those who passed the pre
liminary tests Monday night, will
sit in the middle front rows at the
assembly this morning in order to
lead the singing.
All members of the Glee Club, in
cluding those who passed the pre
liminary tests Monday night, will
sit in the middle front rows at the
assembly this morning in order to
lead the singing.
All members of the Glee Club, in
cluding those who passed the pre
liminary tests Monday night, will
sit in the middle front rows at the
assembly this morning in order to
lead the singing.
All members of the Glee Club, in
cluding those who passed the pre
liminary tests Monday night, will
sit in the middle front rows at the
assembly this morning in order to
lead the singing.
All members of the Glee Club, in
cluding those who passed the pre
liminary tests Monday night, will
sit in the middle front rows at the
assembly this morning in order to
lead the singing.
All members of the Glee Club, in
cluding those who passed the pre
liminary tests Monday night, will
sit in the middle front rows at the
assembly this morning in order to
lead the singing.
All members of the Glee Club, in
cluding those who passed the pre
liminary tests Monday night, will
sit in the middle front rows at the
assembly this morning in order to
lead the singing.
All members of the Glee Club, in
cluding those who passed the pre
liminary tests Monday night, will
sit in the middle front rows at the
assembly this morning in order to
lead the singing.
All members of the Glee Club, in
cluding those who passed the pre
liminary tests Monday night, will
sit in the middle front rows at the
assembly this morning in order to
lead the singing.
All members of the Glee Club, in
cluding those who passed the pre
liminary tests Monday night, will
sit in the middle front rows at the
assembly this morning in order to
lead the singing.
