# Long Legs Denote High Intelligence at Columbia
## 
### 
If results of tests made on students
at Columbia University are indicative
of the general population, long legs
denote a high degree of intelligence.
High intelligence was found in 7(i per
cent of the long-legged, small-bodied
men, in 40 per cent of the normal
men, and in only 15 per cent of the
short-legged, large bodied men.

For information regarding Patison'a
annual summer tour to Mexico, includ
ing six weeks in Mexico City during
the summer session of the National
University of Mexico, address G. M.
Patison, P. O. Box 1593, Los Angeles,
Calif. (Note: Eighty students and
teachers held membership ih Patison's
1925 Mexico party).â€”Adv.

Recent investigation has found that
Notre Dame has produced more col
lege coaches than any other institu
tion in the country.
