# SIGMA DELTA CHI HISTORY
## 
### 
Sigma Delta Chi, honorary journal
istic fraternity which has graduates
in Austria, Germany, China, Hawaii,
and Canada, as well as throughout the
United States, will hare its history
published.
Sigma Delta Chi, honorary journal
istic fraternity which has graduates
in Austria, Germany, China, Hawaii,
and Canada, as well as throughout the
United States, will hare its history
published.
Sigma Delta Chi, honorary journal
istic fraternity which has graduates
in Austria, Germany, China, Hawaii,
and Canada, as well as throughout the
United States, will hare its history
published.
Sigma Delta Chi, honorary journal
istic fraternity which has graduates
in Austria, Germany, China, Hawaii,
and Canada, as well as throughout the
United States, will hare its history
published.
Sigma Delta Chi, honorary journal
istic fraternity which has graduates
in Austria, Germany, China, Hawaii,
and Canada, as well as throughout the
United States, will hare its history
published.
Sigma Delta Chi, honorary journal
istic fraternity which has graduates
in Austria, Germany, China, Hawaii,
and Canada, as well as throughout the
United States, will hare its history
published.
Sigma Delta Chi, honorary journal
istic fraternity which has graduates
in Austria, Germany, China, Hawaii,
and Canada, as well as throughout the
United States, will hare its history
published.
Sigma Delta Chi, honorary journal
istic fraternity which has graduates
in Austria, Germany, China, Hawaii,
and Canada, as well as throughout the
United States, will hare its history
published.
Sigma Delta Chi, honorary journal
istic fraternity which has graduates
in Austria, Germany, China, Hawaii,
and Canada, as well as throughout the
United States, will hare its history
published.
Sigma Delta Chi, honorary journal
istic fraternity which has graduates
in Austria, Germany, China, Hawaii,
and Canada, as well as throughout the
United States, will hare its history
published.
Sigma Delta Chi, honorary journal
istic fraternity which has graduates
in Austria, Germany, China, Hawaii,
and Canada, as well as throughout the
United States, will hare its history
published.
Sigma Delta Chi, honorary journal
istic fraternity which has graduates
in Austria, Germany, China, Hawaii,
and Canada, as well as throughout the
United States, will hare its history
published.
Sigma Delta Chi, honorary journal
istic fraternity which has graduates
in Austria, Germany, China, Hawaii,
and Canada, as well as throughout the
United States, will hare its history
published.
Sigma Delta Chi, honorary journal
istic fraternity which has graduates
in Austria, Germany, China, Hawaii,
and Canada, as well as throughout the
United States, will hare its history
published.
