# Begin Elimination Round In All-University Boxing
## 
### 
Elimination bouts in the annual all-!
University boxing tournament are S
scheduled for this afternoon in the j
Encina gymnasium. The entry list for
participating for the University cham
pionships closed at noon today. Elimi-1
nations matches not fought this after- j
noon will be held tomorrow and the
finals for the seven weights are ached-!
uled for Friday evening in the pavilion. 1
Elimination bouts in the annual all-!
University boxing tournament are S
scheduled for this afternoon in the j
Encina gymnasium. The entry list for
participating for the University cham
pionships closed at noon today. Elimi-1
nations matches not fought this after- j
noon will be held tomorrow and the
finals for the seven weights are ached-!
uled for Friday evening in the pavilion. 1
Elimination bouts in the annual all-!
University boxing tournament are S
scheduled for this afternoon in the j
Encina gymnasium. The entry list for
participating for the University cham
pionships closed at noon today. Elimi-1
nations matches not fought this after- j
noon will be held tomorrow and the
finals for the seven weights are ached-!
uled for Friday evening in the pavilion. 1
Elimination bouts in the annual all-!
University boxing tournament are S
scheduled for this afternoon in the j
Encina gymnasium. The entry list for
participating for the University cham
pionships closed at noon today. Elimi-1
nations matches not fought this after- j
noon will be held tomorrow and the
finals for the seven weights are ached-!
uled for Friday evening in the pavilion. 1
Elimination bouts in the annual all-!
University boxing tournament are S
scheduled for this afternoon in the j
Encina gymnasium. The entry list for
participating for the University cham
pionships closed at noon today. Elimi-1
nations matches not fought this after- j
noon will be held tomorrow and the
finals for the seven weights are ached-!
uled for Friday evening in the pavilion. 1
Elimination bouts in the annual all-!
University boxing tournament are S
scheduled for this afternoon in the j
Encina gymnasium. The entry list for
participating for the University cham
pionships closed at noon today. Elimi-1
nations matches not fought this after- j
noon will be held tomorrow and the
finals for the seven weights are ached-!
uled for Friday evening in the pavilion. 1
Elimination bouts in the annual all-!
University boxing tournament are S
scheduled for this afternoon in the j
Encina gymnasium. The entry list for
participating for the University cham
pionships closed at noon today. Elimi-1
nations matches not fought this after- j
noon will be held tomorrow and the
finals for the seven weights are ached-!
uled for Friday evening in the pavilion. 1
Elimination bouts in the annual all-!
University boxing tournament are S
scheduled for this afternoon in the j
Encina gymnasium. The entry list for
participating for the University cham
pionships closed at noon today. Elimi-1
nations matches not fought this after- j
noon will be held tomorrow and the
finals for the seven weights are ached-!
uled for Friday evening in the pavilion. 1
Elimination bouts in the annual all-!
University boxing tournament are S
scheduled for this afternoon in the j
Encina gymnasium. The entry list for
participating for the University cham
pionships closed at noon today. Elimi-1
nations matches not fought this after- j
noon will be held tomorrow and the
finals for the seven weights are ached-!
uled for Friday evening in the pavilion. 1
Elimination bouts in the annual all-!
University boxing tournament are S
scheduled for this afternoon in the j
Encina gymnasium. The entry list for
participating for the University cham
pionships closed at noon today. Elimi-1
nations matches not fought this after- j
noon will be held tomorrow and the
finals for the seven weights are ached-!
uled for Friday evening in the pavilion. 1
Elimination bouts in the annual all-!
University boxing tournament are S
scheduled for this afternoon in the j
Encina gymnasium. The entry list for
participating for the University cham
pionships closed at noon today. Elimi-1
nations matches not fought this after- j
noon will be held tomorrow and the
finals for the seven weights are ached-!
uled for Friday evening in the pavilion. 1
Elimination bouts in the annual all-!
University boxing tournament are S
scheduled for this afternoon in the j
Encina gymnasium. The entry list for
participating for the University cham
pionships closed at noon today. Elimi-1
nations matches not fought this after- j
noon will be held tomorrow and the
finals for the seven weights are ached-!
uled for Friday evening in the pavilion. 1
Elimination bouts in the annual all-!
University boxing tournament are S
scheduled for this afternoon in the j
Encina gymnasium. The entry list for
participating for the University cham
pionships closed at noon today. Elimi-1
nations matches not fought this after- j
noon will be held tomorrow and the
finals for the seven weights are ached-!
uled for Friday evening in the pavilion. 1
Elimination bouts in the annual all-!
University boxing tournament are S
scheduled for this afternoon in the j
Encina gymnasium. The entry list for
participating for the University cham
pionships closed at noon today. Elimi-1
nations matches not fought this after- j
noon will be held tomorrow and the
finals for the seven weights are ached-!
uled for Friday evening in the pavilion. 1
