# FIESTA REHEARSAL
## 
### 
All women participating in the
Fiesta will meet Wilbur Hall, the
director in Roble gymnasium at
7:15 o'clock Thursday night. Mr.
Hall is making a special trip from
Santa Rosa for this first re
hearsal and it is very important
that everybody be there and be
there promptly.
All women participating in the
Fiesta will meet Wilbur Hall, the
director in Roble gymnasium at
7:15 o'clock Thursday night. Mr.
Hall is making a special trip from
Santa Rosa for this first re
hearsal and it is very important
that everybody be there and be
there promptly.
All women participating in the
Fiesta will meet Wilbur Hall, the
director in Roble gymnasium at
7:15 o'clock Thursday night. Mr.
Hall is making a special trip from
Santa Rosa for this first re
hearsal and it is very important
that everybody be there and be
there promptly.
All women participating in the
Fiesta will meet Wilbur Hall, the
director in Roble gymnasium at
7:15 o'clock Thursday night. Mr.
Hall is making a special trip from
Santa Rosa for this first re
hearsal and it is very important
that everybody be there and be
there promptly.
All women participating in the
Fiesta will meet Wilbur Hall, the
director in Roble gymnasium at
7:15 o'clock Thursday night. Mr.
Hall is making a special trip from
Santa Rosa for this first re
hearsal and it is very important
that everybody be there and be
there promptly.
All women participating in the
Fiesta will meet Wilbur Hall, the
director in Roble gymnasium at
7:15 o'clock Thursday night. Mr.
Hall is making a special trip from
Santa Rosa for this first re
hearsal and it is very important
that everybody be there and be
there promptly.
All women participating in the
Fiesta will meet Wilbur Hall, the
director in Roble gymnasium at
7:15 o'clock Thursday night. Mr.
Hall is making a special trip from
Santa Rosa for this first re
hearsal and it is very important
that everybody be there and be
there promptly.
All women participating in the
Fiesta will meet Wilbur Hall, the
director in Roble gymnasium at
7:15 o'clock Thursday night. Mr.
Hall is making a special trip from
Santa Rosa for this first re
hearsal and it is very important
that everybody be there and be
there promptly.
All women participating in the
Fiesta will meet Wilbur Hall, the
director in Roble gymnasium at
7:15 o'clock Thursday night. Mr.
Hall is making a special trip from
Santa Rosa for this first re
hearsal and it is very important
that everybody be there and be
there promptly.
All women participating in the
Fiesta will meet Wilbur Hall, the
director in Roble gymnasium at
7:15 o'clock Thursday night. Mr.
Hall is making a special trip from
Santa Rosa for this first re
hearsal and it is very important
that everybody be there and be
there promptly.
All women participating in the
Fiesta will meet Wilbur Hall, the
director in Roble gymnasium at
7:15 o'clock Thursday night. Mr.
Hall is making a special trip from
Santa Rosa for this first re
hearsal and it is very important
that everybody be there and be
there promptly.
All women participating in the
Fiesta will meet Wilbur Hall, the
director in Roble gymnasium at
7:15 o'clock Thursday night. Mr.
Hall is making a special trip from
Santa Rosa for this first re
hearsal and it is very important
that everybody be there and be
there promptly.
All women participating in the
Fiesta will meet Wilbur Hall, the
director in Roble gymnasium at
7:15 o'clock Thursday night. Mr.
Hall is making a special trip from
Santa Rosa for this first re
hearsal and it is very important
that everybody be there and be
there promptly.
All women participating in the
Fiesta will meet Wilbur Hall, the
director in Roble gymnasium at
7:15 o'clock Thursday night. Mr.
Hall is making a special trip from
Santa Rosa for this first re
hearsal and it is very important
that everybody be there and be
there promptly.
