# TWO-CAR SHIPMENT OF EQUIPMENT FOR RYAN WORK ARRIVES
## 
### 
Two carloads of equipment, the
gift of the General Electric Com
pany for "The Harris J. Ryan
Laboratory," reached the campus
today. Several other carloads
have been shipped and are ex
pected to arrive within a few
days. The equipment is valued
at $105,000, and will be trans
ported to the laboratory in the
valley between Pine Hill and the
Mayfield reservoir, near "French
man's Dam."
For the high voltage transmis
sion line the University has es
tablished a right-of-way a mile
and a quarter long and 300 feet
wide, to be extended later to a
length of seven miles along the
rear boundary of the Stanford
lands.
