# To Lecture at Chicago.
## 
### 
Professor Nathan Abbott of the
Stanford Law department will be a
member of the faculty of the Law
School of the University of Chicago
during the summer session of that
college. Two courses, one in Per
sons and the other in Future Inter
ests, will be given by Professor
Abbott.
Professor Nathan Abbott of the
Stanford Law department will be a
member of the faculty of the Law
School of the University of Chicago
during the summer session of that
college. Two courses, one in Per
sons and the other in Future Inter
ests, will be given by Professor
Abbott.
Professor Nathan Abbott of the
Stanford Law department will be a
member of the faculty of the Law
School of the University of Chicago
during the summer session of that
college. Two courses, one in Per
sons and the other in Future Inter
ests, will be given by Professor
Abbott.
Professor Nathan Abbott of the
Stanford Law department will be a
member of the faculty of the Law
School of the University of Chicago
during the summer session of that
college. Two courses, one in Per
sons and the other in Future Inter
ests, will be given by Professor
Abbott.
Professor Nathan Abbott of the
Stanford Law department will be a
member of the faculty of the Law
School of the University of Chicago
during the summer session of that
college. Two courses, one in Per
sons and the other in Future Inter
ests, will be given by Professor
Abbott.
Professor Nathan Abbott of the
Stanford Law department will be a
member of the faculty of the Law
School of the University of Chicago
during the summer session of that
college. Two courses, one in Per
sons and the other in Future Inter
ests, will be given by Professor
Abbott.
Professor Nathan Abbott of the
Stanford Law department will be a
member of the faculty of the Law
School of the University of Chicago
during the summer session of that
college. Two courses, one in Per
sons and the other in Future Inter
ests, will be given by Professor
Abbott.
Professor Nathan Abbott of the
Stanford Law department will be a
member of the faculty of the Law
School of the University of Chicago
during the summer session of that
college. Two courses, one in Per
sons and the other in Future Inter
ests, will be given by Professor
Abbott.
