# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Competition to fill the existing
vacancy upon the staff of the Daily
Palo Alto will begin at once.
Candidates should confer with the
editor as early as possible.
Competition to fill the existing
vacancy upon the staff of the Daily
Palo Alto will begin at once.
Candidates should confer with the
editor as early as possible.
Competition to fill the existing
vacancy upon the staff of the Daily
Palo Alto will begin at once.
Candidates should confer with the
editor as early as possible.
Competition to fill the existing
vacancy upon the staff of the Daily
Palo Alto will begin at once.
Candidates should confer with the
editor as early as possible.
Competition to fill the existing
vacancy upon the staff of the Daily
Palo Alto will begin at once.
Candidates should confer with the
editor as early as possible.
Competition to fill the existing
vacancy upon the staff of the Daily
Palo Alto will begin at once.
Candidates should confer with the
editor as early as possible.
Competition to fill the existing
vacancy upon the staff of the Daily
Palo Alto will begin at once.
Candidates should confer with the
editor as early as possible.
Competition to fill the existing
vacancy upon the staff of the Daily
Palo Alto will begin at once.
Candidates should confer with the
editor as early as possible.
