# ENDURANCE FLIGHT
## 
### 
INDIO, Nov. 28 </P>.- Dick Rieder
and Bil! Barris spent their second
consecutive Sunday in the air to
day. They are on their third at
tempt to set a new world's flight
endurance record.
INDIO, Nov. 28 </P>.- Dick Rieder
and Bil! Barris spent their second
consecutive Sunday in the air to
day. They are on their third at
tempt to set a new world's flight
endurance record.
INDIO, Nov. 28 </P>.- Dick Rieder
and Bil! Barris spent their second
consecutive Sunday in the air to
day. They are on their third at
tempt to set a new world's flight
endurance record.
INDIO, Nov. 28 </P>.- Dick Rieder
and Bil! Barris spent their second
consecutive Sunday in the air to
day. They are on their third at
tempt to set a new world's flight
endurance record.
INDIO, Nov. 28 </P>.- Dick Rieder
and Bil! Barris spent their second
consecutive Sunday in the air to
day. They are on their third at
tempt to set a new world's flight
endurance record.
INDIO, Nov. 28 </P>.- Dick Rieder
and Bil! Barris spent their second
consecutive Sunday in the air to
day. They are on their third at
tempt to set a new world's flight
endurance record.
INDIO, Nov. 28 </P>.- Dick Rieder
and Bil! Barris spent their second
consecutive Sunday in the air to
day. They are on their third at
tempt to set a new world's flight
endurance record.
INDIO, Nov. 28 </P>.- Dick Rieder
and Bil! Barris spent their second
consecutive Sunday in the air to
day. They are on their third at
tempt to set a new world's flight
endurance record.
INDIO, Nov. 28 </P>.- Dick Rieder
and Bil! Barris spent their second
consecutive Sunday in the air to
day. They are on their third at
tempt to set a new world's flight
endurance record.
INDIO, Nov. 28 </P>.- Dick Rieder
and Bil! Barris spent their second
consecutive Sunday in the air to
day. They are on their third at
tempt to set a new world's flight
endurance record.
INDIO, Nov. 28 </P>.- Dick Rieder
and Bil! Barris spent their second
consecutive Sunday in the air to
day. They are on their third at
tempt to set a new world's flight
endurance record.
INDIO, Nov. 28 </P>.- Dick Rieder
and Bil! Barris spent their second
consecutive Sunday in the air to
day. They are on their third at
tempt to set a new world's flight
endurance record.
INDIO, Nov. 28 </P>.- Dick Rieder
and Bil! Barris spent their second
consecutive Sunday in the air to
day. They are on their third at
tempt to set a new world's flight
endurance record.
INDIO, Nov. 28 </P>.- Dick Rieder
and Bil! Barris spent their second
consecutive Sunday in the air to
day. They are on their third at
tempt to set a new world's flight
endurance record.
INDIO, Nov. 28 </P>.- Dick Rieder
and Bil! Barris spent their second
consecutive Sunday in the air to
day. They are on their third at
tempt to set a new world's flight
endurance record.
INDIO, Nov. 28 </P>.- Dick Rieder
and Bil! Barris spent their second
consecutive Sunday in the air to
day. They are on their third at
tempt to set a new world's flight
endurance record.
