# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In 1902 the average man at Encina
was 68 inches tall and weighed 139
pounds.
In 1902 the average man at Encina
was 68 inches tall and weighed 139
pounds.
In 1902 the average man at Encina
was 68 inches tall and weighed 139
pounds.
In 1902 the average man at Encina
was 68 inches tall and weighed 139
pounds.
In 1902 the average man at Encina
was 68 inches tall and weighed 139
pounds.
In 1902 the average man at Encina
was 68 inches tall and weighed 139
pounds.
In 1902 the average man at Encina
was 68 inches tall and weighed 139
pounds.
In 1902 the average man at Encina
was 68 inches tall and weighed 139
pounds.
In 1902 the average man at Encina
was 68 inches tall and weighed 139
pounds.
In 1902 the average man at Encina
was 68 inches tall and weighed 139
pounds.
In 1902 the average man at Encina
was 68 inches tall and weighed 139
pounds.
In 1902 the average man at Encina
was 68 inches tall and weighed 139
pounds.
In 1902 the average man at Encina
was 68 inches tall and weighed 139
pounds.
In 1902 the average man at Encina
was 68 inches tall and weighed 139
pounds.
In 1902 the average man at Encina
was 68 inches tall and weighed 139
pounds.
In 1902 the average man at Encina
was 68 inches tall and weighed 139
pounds.
