# Untitled Article
## 
### 

BILL HAWKINS HEADS for a short gain after tak
ing a lateral pass from Reaves Baysinger in the
first quarter of Army-Navy game at Philadelphia.

Dotted line traces path of the pass and the run
Hawkins. The Navy upset the experts and tied
powerful Army team, 21 to 21. —-(/P) Wireph

BILL HAWKINS HEADS for a short gain after tak
ing a lateral pass from Reaves Baysinger in the
first quarter of Army-Navy game at Philadelphia.

Dotted line traces path of the pass and the run
Hawkins. The Navy upset the experts and tied
powerful Army team, 21 to 21. —-(/P) Wireph

BILL HAWKINS HEADS for a short gain after tak
ing a lateral pass from Reaves Baysinger in the
first quarter of Army-Navy game at Philadelphia.

Dotted line traces path of the pass and the run
Hawkins. The Navy upset the experts and tied
powerful Army team, 21 to 21. —-(/P) Wireph

BILL HAWKINS HEADS for a short gain after tak
ing a lateral pass from Reaves Baysinger in the
first quarter of Army-Navy game at Philadelphia.

Dotted line traces path of the pass and the run
Hawkins. The Navy upset the experts and tied
powerful Army team, 21 to 21. —-(/P) Wireph

BILL HAWKINS HEADS for a short gain after tak
ing a lateral pass from Reaves Baysinger in the
first quarter of Army-Navy game at Philadelphia.

Dotted line traces path of the pass and the run
Hawkins. The Navy upset the experts and tied
powerful Army team, 21 to 21. —-(/P) Wireph

BILL HAWKINS HEADS for a short gain after tak
ing a lateral pass from Reaves Baysinger in the
first quarter of Army-Navy game at Philadelphia.

Dotted line traces path of the pass and the run
Hawkins. The Navy upset the experts and tied
powerful Army team, 21 to 21. —-(/P) Wireph

BILL HAWKINS HEADS for a short gain after tak
ing a lateral pass from Reaves Baysinger in the
first quarter of Army-Navy game at Philadelphia.

Dotted line traces path of the pass and the run
Hawkins. The Navy upset the experts and tied
powerful Army team, 21 to 21. —-(/P) Wireph

BILL HAWKINS HEADS for a short gain after tak
ing a lateral pass from Reaves Baysinger in the
first quarter of Army-Navy game at Philadelphia.

Dotted line traces path of the pass and the run
Hawkins. The Navy upset the experts and tied
powerful Army team, 21 to 21. —-(/P) Wireph

BILL HAWKINS HEADS for a short gain after tak
ing a lateral pass from Reaves Baysinger in the
first quarter of Army-Navy game at Philadelphia.

Dotted line traces path of the pass and the run
Hawkins. The Navy upset the experts and tied
powerful Army team, 21 to 21. —-(/P) Wireph

BILL HAWKINS HEADS for a short gain after tak
ing a lateral pass from Reaves Baysinger in the
first quarter of Army-Navy game at Philadelphia.

Dotted line traces path of the pass and the run
Hawkins. The Navy upset the experts and tied
powerful Army team, 21 to 21. —-(/P) Wireph

BILL HAWKINS HEADS for a short gain after tak
ing a lateral pass from Reaves Baysinger in the
first quarter of Army-Navy game at Philadelphia.

Dotted line traces path of the pass and the run
Hawkins. The Navy upset the experts and tied
powerful Army team, 21 to 21. —-(/P) Wireph

BILL HAWKINS HEADS for a short gain after tak
ing a lateral pass from Reaves Baysinger in the
first quarter of Army-Navy game at Philadelphia.

Dotted line traces path of the pass and the run
Hawkins. The Navy upset the experts and tied
powerful Army team, 21 to 21. —-(/P) Wireph

BILL HAWKINS HEADS for a short gain after tak
ing a lateral pass from Reaves Baysinger in the
first quarter of Army-Navy game at Philadelphia.

Dotted line traces path of the pass and the run
Hawkins. The Navy upset the experts and tied
powerful Army team, 21 to 21. —-(/P) Wireph

BILL HAWKINS HEADS for a short gain after tak
ing a lateral pass from Reaves Baysinger in the
first quarter of Army-Navy game at Philadelphia.

Dotted line traces path of the pass and the run
Hawkins. The Navy upset the experts and tied
powerful Army team, 21 to 21. —-(/P) Wireph

BILL HAWKINS HEADS for a short gain after tak
ing a lateral pass from Reaves Baysinger in the
first quarter of Army-Navy game at Philadelphia.

Dotted line traces path of the pass and the run
Hawkins. The Navy upset the experts and tied
powerful Army team, 21 to 21. —-(/P) Wireph

BILL HAWKINS HEADS for a short gain after tak
ing a lateral pass from Reaves Baysinger in the
first quarter of Army-Navy game at Philadelphia.

Dotted line traces path of the pass and the run
Hawkins. The Navy upset the experts and tied
powerful Army team, 21 to 21. —-(/P) Wireph
