# Kaiser Seeks Farm Grads
## 
### 
A representative of the Kaiser-
Frazer Corporation will be at Stan
ford today for interviews with De
cember graduates for positions in
the accounting and production de
partments at the Willow Run,
Michigan, plant, said Mr. David
Casto, assistant director of the Ap
pointment Service.
Approximately six months of in
tensive on-the-job training in the
various accounting departments is
involved in the training program
for accountants. Upon satisfactory
completion of this program assign
ments to a particular department
will be made.
The training program for engi
neers involves on-the-job training
in the production departments and
orientation training in the rela
tionships of other departments to
production. This training program
will cover a period of approximate
ly three months.
A representative of the Kaiser-
Frazer Corporation will be at Stan
ford today for interviews with De
cember graduates for positions in
the accounting and production de
partments at the Willow Run,
Michigan, plant, said Mr. David
Casto, assistant director of the Ap
pointment Service.
Approximately six months of in
tensive on-the-job training in the
various accounting departments is
involved in the training program
for accountants. Upon satisfactory
completion of this program assign
ments to a particular department
will be made.
The training program for engi
neers involves on-the-job training
in the production departments and
orientation training in the rela
tionships of other departments to
production. This training program
will cover a period of approximate
ly three months.
A representative of the Kaiser-
Frazer Corporation will be at Stan
ford today for interviews with De
cember graduates for positions in
the accounting and production de
partments at the Willow Run,
Michigan, plant, said Mr. David
Casto, assistant director of the Ap
pointment Service.
Approximately six months of in
tensive on-the-job training in the
various accounting departments is
involved in the training program
for accountants. Upon satisfactory
completion of this program assign
ments to a particular department
will be made.
The training program for engi
neers involves on-the-job training
in the production departments and
orientation training in the rela
tionships of other departments to
production. This training program
will cover a period of approximate
ly three months.
A representative of the Kaiser-
Frazer Corporation will be at Stan
ford today for interviews with De
cember graduates for positions in
the accounting and production de
partments at the Willow Run,
Michigan, plant, said Mr. David
Casto, assistant director of the Ap
pointment Service.
Approximately six months of in
tensive on-the-job training in the
various accounting departments is
involved in the training program
for accountants. Upon satisfactory
completion of this program assign
ments to a particular department
will be made.
The training program for engi
neers involves on-the-job training
in the production departments and
orientation training in the rela
tionships of other departments to
production. This training program
will cover a period of approximate
ly three months.
A representative of the Kaiser-
Frazer Corporation will be at Stan
ford today for interviews with De
cember graduates for positions in
the accounting and production de
partments at the Willow Run,
Michigan, plant, said Mr. David
Casto, assistant director of the Ap
pointment Service.
Approximately six months of in
tensive on-the-job training in the
various accounting departments is
involved in the training program
for accountants. Upon satisfactory
completion of this program assign
ments to a particular department
will be made.
The training program for engi
neers involves on-the-job training
in the production departments and
orientation training in the rela
tionships of other departments to
production. This training program
will cover a period of approximate
ly three months.
A representative of the Kaiser-
Frazer Corporation will be at Stan
ford today for interviews with De
cember graduates for positions in
the accounting and production de
partments at the Willow Run,
Michigan, plant, said Mr. David
Casto, assistant director of the Ap
pointment Service.
Approximately six months of in
tensive on-the-job training in the
various accounting departments is
involved in the training program
for accountants. Upon satisfactory
completion of this program assign
ments to a particular department
will be made.
The training program for engi
neers involves on-the-job training
in the production departments and
orientation training in the rela
tionships of other departments to
production. This training program
will cover a period of approximate
ly three months.
A representative of the Kaiser-
Frazer Corporation will be at Stan
ford today for interviews with De
cember graduates for positions in
the accounting and production de
partments at the Willow Run,
Michigan, plant, said Mr. David
Casto, assistant director of the Ap
pointment Service.
Approximately six months of in
tensive on-the-job training in the
various accounting departments is
involved in the training program
for accountants. Upon satisfactory
completion of this program assign
ments to a particular department
will be made.
The training program for engi
neers involves on-the-job training
in the production departments and
orientation training in the rela
tionships of other departments to
production. This training program
will cover a period of approximate
ly three months.
A representative of the Kaiser-
Frazer Corporation will be at Stan
ford today for interviews with De
cember graduates for positions in
the accounting and production de
partments at the Willow Run,
Michigan, plant, said Mr. David
Casto, assistant director of the Ap
pointment Service.
Approximately six months of in
tensive on-the-job training in the
various accounting departments is
involved in the training program
for accountants. Upon satisfactory
completion of this program assign
ments to a particular department
will be made.
The training program for engi
neers involves on-the-job training
in the production departments and
orientation training in the rela
tionships of other departments to
production. This training program
will cover a period of approximate
ly three months.
A representative of the Kaiser-
Frazer Corporation will be at Stan
ford today for interviews with De
cember graduates for positions in
the accounting and production de
partments at the Willow Run,
Michigan, plant, said Mr. David
Casto, assistant director of the Ap
pointment Service.
Approximately six months of in
tensive on-the-job training in the
various accounting departments is
involved in the training program
for accountants. Upon satisfactory
completion of this program assign
ments to a particular department
will be made.
The training program for engi
neers involves on-the-job training
in the production departments and
orientation training in the rela
tionships of other departments to
production. This training program
will cover a period of approximate
ly three months.
A representative of the Kaiser-
Frazer Corporation will be at Stan
ford today for interviews with De
cember graduates for positions in
the accounting and production de
partments at the Willow Run,
Michigan, plant, said Mr. David
Casto, assistant director of the Ap
pointment Service.
Approximately six months of in
tensive on-the-job training in the
various accounting departments is
involved in the training program
for accountants. Upon satisfactory
completion of this program assign
ments to a particular department
will be made.
The training program for engi
neers involves on-the-job training
in the production departments and
orientation training in the rela
tionships of other departments to
production. This training program
will cover a period of approximate
ly three months.
A representative of the Kaiser-
Frazer Corporation will be at Stan
ford today for interviews with De
cember graduates for positions in
the accounting and production de
partments at the Willow Run,
Michigan, plant, said Mr. David
Casto, assistant director of the Ap
pointment Service.
Approximately six months of in
tensive on-the-job training in the
various accounting departments is
involved in the training program
for accountants. Upon satisfactory
completion of this program assign
ments to a particular department
will be made.
The training program for engi
neers involves on-the-job training
in the production departments and
orientation training in the rela
tionships of other departments to
production. This training program
will cover a period of approximate
ly three months.
A representative of the Kaiser-
Frazer Corporation will be at Stan
ford today for interviews with De
cember graduates for positions in
the accounting and production de
partments at the Willow Run,
Michigan, plant, said Mr. David
Casto, assistant director of the Ap
pointment Service.
Approximately six months of in
tensive on-the-job training in the
various accounting departments is
involved in the training program
for accountants. Upon satisfactory
completion of this program assign
ments to a particular department
will be made.
The training program for engi
neers involves on-the-job training
in the production departments and
orientation training in the rela
tionships of other departments to
production. This training program
will cover a period of approximate
ly three months.
A representative of the Kaiser-
Frazer Corporation will be at Stan
ford today for interviews with De
cember graduates for positions in
the accounting and production de
partments at the Willow Run,
Michigan, plant, said Mr. David
Casto, assistant director of the Ap
pointment Service.
Approximately six months of in
tensive on-the-job training in the
various accounting departments is
involved in the training program
for accountants. Upon satisfactory
completion of this program assign
ments to a particular department
will be made.
The training program for engi
neers involves on-the-job training
in the production departments and
orientation training in the rela
tionships of other departments to
production. This training program
will cover a period of approximate
ly three months.
A representative of the Kaiser-
Frazer Corporation will be at Stan
ford today for interviews with De
cember graduates for positions in
the accounting and production de
partments at the Willow Run,
Michigan, plant, said Mr. David
Casto, assistant director of the Ap
pointment Service.
Approximately six months of in
tensive on-the-job training in the
various accounting departments is
involved in the training program
for accountants. Upon satisfactory
completion of this program assign
ments to a particular department
will be made.
The training program for engi
neers involves on-the-job training
in the production departments and
orientation training in the rela
tionships of other departments to
production. This training program
will cover a period of approximate
ly three months.
A representative of the Kaiser-
Frazer Corporation will be at Stan
ford today for interviews with De
cember graduates for positions in
the accounting and production de
partments at the Willow Run,
Michigan, plant, said Mr. David
Casto, assistant director of the Ap
pointment Service.
Approximately six months of in
tensive on-the-job training in the
various accounting departments is
involved in the training program
for accountants. Upon satisfactory
completion of this program assign
ments to a particular department
will be made.
The training program for engi
neers involves on-the-job training
in the production departments and
orientation training in the rela
tionships of other departments to
production. This training program
will cover a period of approximate
ly three months.
A representative of the Kaiser-
Frazer Corporation will be at Stan
ford today for interviews with De
cember graduates for positions in
the accounting and production de
partments at the Willow Run,
Michigan, plant, said Mr. David
Casto, assistant director of the Ap
pointment Service.
Approximately six months of in
tensive on-the-job training in the
various accounting departments is
involved in the training program
for accountants. Upon satisfactory
completion of this program assign
ments to a particular department
will be made.
The training program for engi
neers involves on-the-job training
in the production departments and
orientation training in the rela
tionships of other departments to
production. This training program
will cover a period of approximate
ly three months.
