# SAN DIEGO FIRES
## 
### 
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 28 (/Pi.—State
and federal forestry crews, ham
pered by dry winds blowing at 25
to 30 miles an hour, buttled two
brush fires in San Diego County
today.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 28 (/Pi.—State
and federal forestry crews, ham
pered by dry winds blowing at 25
to 30 miles an hour, buttled two
brush fires in San Diego County
today.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 28 (/Pi.—State
and federal forestry crews, ham
pered by dry winds blowing at 25
to 30 miles an hour, buttled two
brush fires in San Diego County
today.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 28 (/Pi.—State
and federal forestry crews, ham
pered by dry winds blowing at 25
to 30 miles an hour, buttled two
brush fires in San Diego County
today.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 28 (/Pi.—State
and federal forestry crews, ham
pered by dry winds blowing at 25
to 30 miles an hour, buttled two
brush fires in San Diego County
today.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 28 (/Pi.—State
and federal forestry crews, ham
pered by dry winds blowing at 25
to 30 miles an hour, buttled two
brush fires in San Diego County
today.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 28 (/Pi.—State
and federal forestry crews, ham
pered by dry winds blowing at 25
to 30 miles an hour, buttled two
brush fires in San Diego County
today.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 28 (/Pi.—State
and federal forestry crews, ham
pered by dry winds blowing at 25
to 30 miles an hour, buttled two
brush fires in San Diego County
today.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 28 (/Pi.—State
and federal forestry crews, ham
pered by dry winds blowing at 25
to 30 miles an hour, buttled two
brush fires in San Diego County
today.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 28 (/Pi.—State
and federal forestry crews, ham
pered by dry winds blowing at 25
to 30 miles an hour, buttled two
brush fires in San Diego County
today.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 28 (/Pi.—State
and federal forestry crews, ham
pered by dry winds blowing at 25
to 30 miles an hour, buttled two
brush fires in San Diego County
today.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 28 (/Pi.—State
and federal forestry crews, ham
pered by dry winds blowing at 25
to 30 miles an hour, buttled two
brush fires in San Diego County
today.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 28 (/Pi.—State
and federal forestry crews, ham
pered by dry winds blowing at 25
to 30 miles an hour, buttled two
brush fires in San Diego County
today.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 28 (/Pi.—State
and federal forestry crews, ham
pered by dry winds blowing at 25
to 30 miles an hour, buttled two
brush fires in San Diego County
today.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 28 (/Pi.—State
and federal forestry crews, ham
pered by dry winds blowing at 25
to 30 miles an hour, buttled two
brush fires in San Diego County
today.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 28 (/Pi.—State
and federal forestry crews, ham
pered by dry winds blowing at 25
to 30 miles an hour, buttled two
brush fires in San Diego County
today.
