# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Functional Fashion Pic
ture of Today
WARNEEN
Girdles and Bra's in four
different Colors
' AIR-CORPS" CREY
"ARMY" TAN
' NURSE S'' WHITE
" CIVILIAN" NUDE
Cirdlcs $3.50 to $5.00
Brassieres $1.50
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Functional Fashion Pic
ture of Today
WARNEEN
Girdles and Bra's in four
different Colors
' AIR-CORPS" CREY
"ARMY" TAN
' NURSE S'' WHITE
" CIVILIAN" NUDE
Cirdlcs $3.50 to $5.00
Brassieres $1.50
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Functional Fashion Pic
ture of Today
WARNEEN
Girdles and Bra's in four
different Colors
' AIR-CORPS" CREY
"ARMY" TAN
' NURSE S'' WHITE
" CIVILIAN" NUDE
Cirdlcs $3.50 to $5.00
Brassieres $1.50
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Functional Fashion Pic
ture of Today
WARNEEN
Girdles and Bra's in four
different Colors
' AIR-CORPS" CREY
"ARMY" TAN
' NURSE S'' WHITE
" CIVILIAN" NUDE
Cirdlcs $3.50 to $5.00
Brassieres $1.50
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Functional Fashion Pic
ture of Today
WARNEEN
Girdles and Bra's in four
different Colors
' AIR-CORPS" CREY
"ARMY" TAN
' NURSE S'' WHITE
" CIVILIAN" NUDE
Cirdlcs $3.50 to $5.00
Brassieres $1.50
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Functional Fashion Pic
ture of Today
WARNEEN
Girdles and Bra's in four
different Colors
' AIR-CORPS" CREY
"ARMY" TAN
' NURSE S'' WHITE
" CIVILIAN" NUDE
Cirdlcs $3.50 to $5.00
Brassieres $1.50
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Functional Fashion Pic
ture of Today
WARNEEN
Girdles and Bra's in four
different Colors
' AIR-CORPS" CREY
"ARMY" TAN
' NURSE S'' WHITE
" CIVILIAN" NUDE
Cirdlcs $3.50 to $5.00
Brassieres $1.50
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Functional Fashion Pic
ture of Today
WARNEEN
Girdles and Bra's in four
different Colors
' AIR-CORPS" CREY
"ARMY" TAN
' NURSE S'' WHITE
" CIVILIAN" NUDE
Cirdlcs $3.50 to $5.00
Brassieres $1.50
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Functional Fashion Pic
ture of Today
WARNEEN
Girdles and Bra's in four
different Colors
' AIR-CORPS" CREY
"ARMY" TAN
' NURSE S'' WHITE
" CIVILIAN" NUDE
Cirdlcs $3.50 to $5.00
Brassieres $1.50
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Functional Fashion Pic
ture of Today
WARNEEN
Girdles and Bra's in four
different Colors
' AIR-CORPS" CREY
"ARMY" TAN
' NURSE S'' WHITE
" CIVILIAN" NUDE
Cirdlcs $3.50 to $5.00
Brassieres $1.50
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Functional Fashion Pic
ture of Today
WARNEEN
Girdles and Bra's in four
different Colors
' AIR-CORPS" CREY
"ARMY" TAN
' NURSE S'' WHITE
" CIVILIAN" NUDE
Cirdlcs $3.50 to $5.00
Brassieres $1.50
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Functional Fashion Pic
ture of Today
WARNEEN
Girdles and Bra's in four
different Colors
' AIR-CORPS" CREY
"ARMY" TAN
' NURSE S'' WHITE
" CIVILIAN" NUDE
Cirdlcs $3.50 to $5.00
Brassieres $1.50
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Functional Fashion Pic
ture of Today
WARNEEN
Girdles and Bra's in four
different Colors
' AIR-CORPS" CREY
"ARMY" TAN
' NURSE S'' WHITE
" CIVILIAN" NUDE
Cirdlcs $3.50 to $5.00
Brassieres $1.50
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Functional Fashion Pic
ture of Today
WARNEEN
Girdles and Bra's in four
different Colors
' AIR-CORPS" CREY
"ARMY" TAN
' NURSE S'' WHITE
" CIVILIAN" NUDE
Cirdlcs $3.50 to $5.00
Brassieres $1.50
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Functional Fashion Pic
ture of Today
WARNEEN
Girdles and Bra's in four
different Colors
' AIR-CORPS" CREY
"ARMY" TAN
' NURSE S'' WHITE
" CIVILIAN" NUDE
Cirdlcs $3.50 to $5.00
Brassieres $1.50
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Functional Fashion Pic
ture of Today
WARNEEN
Girdles and Bra's in four
different Colors
' AIR-CORPS" CREY
"ARMY" TAN
' NURSE S'' WHITE
" CIVILIAN" NUDE
Cirdlcs $3.50 to $5.00
Brassieres $1.50
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Functional Fashion Pic
ture of Today
WARNEEN
Girdles and Bra's in four
different Colors
' AIR-CORPS" CREY
"ARMY" TAN
' NURSE S'' WHITE
" CIVILIAN" NUDE
Cirdlcs $3.50 to $5.00
Brassieres $1.50
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Functional Fashion Pic
ture of Today
WARNEEN
Girdles and Bra's in four
different Colors
' AIR-CORPS" CREY
"ARMY" TAN
' NURSE S'' WHITE
" CIVILIAN" NUDE
Cirdlcs $3.50 to $5.00
Brassieres $1.50
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Functional Fashion Pic
ture of Today
WARNEEN
Girdles and Bra's in four
different Colors
' AIR-CORPS" CREY
"ARMY" TAN
' NURSE S'' WHITE
" CIVILIAN" NUDE
Cirdlcs $3.50 to $5.00
Brassieres $1.50
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
