# REDSKINS NEAR TOP
## 
### 
The Washington Redskins climbed
another notch closer to the eastern
division championship and an ulti
mate playoff title meeting with the
western division pace-setters, the
Chicago Bears, by blanking the
Pittsburgh Steelers, 14-0 Sunday.
The Washington Redskins climbed
another notch closer to the eastern
division championship and an ulti
mate playoff title meeting with the
western division pace-setters, the
Chicago Bears, by blanking the
Pittsburgh Steelers, 14-0 Sunday.
The Washington Redskins climbed
another notch closer to the eastern
division championship and an ulti
mate playoff title meeting with the
western division pace-setters, the
Chicago Bears, by blanking the
Pittsburgh Steelers, 14-0 Sunday.
The Washington Redskins climbed
another notch closer to the eastern
division championship and an ulti
mate playoff title meeting with the
western division pace-setters, the
Chicago Bears, by blanking the
Pittsburgh Steelers, 14-0 Sunday.
The Washington Redskins climbed
another notch closer to the eastern
division championship and an ulti
mate playoff title meeting with the
western division pace-setters, the
Chicago Bears, by blanking the
Pittsburgh Steelers, 14-0 Sunday.
The Washington Redskins climbed
another notch closer to the eastern
division championship and an ulti
mate playoff title meeting with the
western division pace-setters, the
Chicago Bears, by blanking the
Pittsburgh Steelers, 14-0 Sunday.
The Washington Redskins climbed
another notch closer to the eastern
division championship and an ulti
mate playoff title meeting with the
western division pace-setters, the
Chicago Bears, by blanking the
Pittsburgh Steelers, 14-0 Sunday.
The Washington Redskins climbed
another notch closer to the eastern
division championship and an ulti
mate playoff title meeting with the
western division pace-setters, the
Chicago Bears, by blanking the
Pittsburgh Steelers, 14-0 Sunday.
The Washington Redskins climbed
another notch closer to the eastern
division championship and an ulti
mate playoff title meeting with the
western division pace-setters, the
Chicago Bears, by blanking the
Pittsburgh Steelers, 14-0 Sunday.
The Washington Redskins climbed
another notch closer to the eastern
division championship and an ulti
mate playoff title meeting with the
western division pace-setters, the
Chicago Bears, by blanking the
Pittsburgh Steelers, 14-0 Sunday.
The Washington Redskins climbed
another notch closer to the eastern
division championship and an ulti
mate playoff title meeting with the
western division pace-setters, the
Chicago Bears, by blanking the
Pittsburgh Steelers, 14-0 Sunday.
The Washington Redskins climbed
another notch closer to the eastern
division championship and an ulti
mate playoff title meeting with the
western division pace-setters, the
Chicago Bears, by blanking the
Pittsburgh Steelers, 14-0 Sunday.
The Washington Redskins climbed
another notch closer to the eastern
division championship and an ulti
mate playoff title meeting with the
western division pace-setters, the
Chicago Bears, by blanking the
Pittsburgh Steelers, 14-0 Sunday.
The Washington Redskins climbed
another notch closer to the eastern
division championship and an ulti
mate playoff title meeting with the
western division pace-setters, the
Chicago Bears, by blanking the
Pittsburgh Steelers, 14-0 Sunday.
The Washington Redskins climbed
another notch closer to the eastern
division championship and an ulti
mate playoff title meeting with the
western division pace-setters, the
Chicago Bears, by blanking the
Pittsburgh Steelers, 14-0 Sunday.
The Washington Redskins climbed
another notch closer to the eastern
division championship and an ulti
mate playoff title meeting with the
western division pace-setters, the
Chicago Bears, by blanking the
Pittsburgh Steelers, 14-0 Sunday.
The Washington Redskins climbed
another notch closer to the eastern
division championship and an ulti
mate playoff title meeting with the
western division pace-setters, the
Chicago Bears, by blanking the
Pittsburgh Steelers, 14-0 Sunday.
The Washington Redskins climbed
another notch closer to the eastern
division championship and an ulti
mate playoff title meeting with the
western division pace-setters, the
Chicago Bears, by blanking the
Pittsburgh Steelers, 14-0 Sunday.
The Washington Redskins climbed
another notch closer to the eastern
division championship and an ulti
mate playoff title meeting with the
western division pace-setters, the
Chicago Bears, by blanking the
Pittsburgh Steelers, 14-0 Sunday.
