# Daylight Strikes Auto, Kills Three
## 
### 
GILROY. Cal., Oct. 25 (U.R)-The
southbound Southern Pacific day
light limited struck an automobile
today at the Buena Vista crossing
one mile north of Gilroy, killing
three men.
The dead were A. V. Cardozo,
believed driver of the car; John de
Freitas, an attorney, and Frank S.
Simos, all of San Louis Obispo. All
were about 50.
They were riding in a new car
which apparently became stalled on
the tracks. Wreckage of the car and
mangled bodies of the men wefe
scattered along the tracks for sev
eral hundred feet.
COLUMBIA. S.C., Oct. 25 (U.R)â€”
Five army enlisted men were killed
Saturday in the crash of a medium
bomber 15 miles west of the Colum
bia Army Air Banc, officials an
nounced tonight.
