# Reduced Tickets Sell for Concerts
## 
### 
At a booth in front of the post
office, students may purchase sea
sonal Concert Series tickets. To
day and tomorrow are the last days
the tickets can be obtained at a
reduced price. Stanford student
prices are $1.50 less than regular
prices.
Good seats are available in all
parts of the house, according to
Jane Galbraith, concert manager.
The first Concert Series artist,
Jascha Heifetz, violinist, will ap
pear Thursday evening. In three
later performances, Igor Gorin, bar
itone; Dorothy Maynor, soprano;
and Artur Ribinstein, pianist, will
be heard.
The concert manager announced
students who have already pur
chased seasonal tickets can pick up
rtieir tickets on presentation of
their student body cards and re
ceipts from I to 5 in the Concert
Series office.
At a booth in front of the post
office, students may purchase sea
sonal Concert Series tickets. To
day and tomorrow are the last days
the tickets can be obtained at a
reduced price. Stanford student
prices are $1.50 less than regular
prices.
Good seats are available in all
parts of the house, according to
Jane Galbraith, concert manager.
The first Concert Series artist,
Jascha Heifetz, violinist, will ap
pear Thursday evening. In three
later performances, Igor Gorin, bar
itone; Dorothy Maynor, soprano;
and Artur Ribinstein, pianist, will
be heard.
The concert manager announced
students who have already pur
chased seasonal tickets can pick up
rtieir tickets on presentation of
their student body cards and re
ceipts from I to 5 in the Concert
Series office.
At a booth in front of the post
office, students may purchase sea
sonal Concert Series tickets. To
day and tomorrow are the last days
the tickets can be obtained at a
reduced price. Stanford student
prices are $1.50 less than regular
prices.
Good seats are available in all
parts of the house, according to
Jane Galbraith, concert manager.
The first Concert Series artist,
Jascha Heifetz, violinist, will ap
pear Thursday evening. In three
later performances, Igor Gorin, bar
itone; Dorothy Maynor, soprano;
and Artur Ribinstein, pianist, will
be heard.
The concert manager announced
students who have already pur
chased seasonal tickets can pick up
rtieir tickets on presentation of
their student body cards and re
ceipts from I to 5 in the Concert
Series office.
At a booth in front of the post
office, students may purchase sea
sonal Concert Series tickets. To
day and tomorrow are the last days
the tickets can be obtained at a
reduced price. Stanford student
prices are $1.50 less than regular
prices.
Good seats are available in all
parts of the house, according to
Jane Galbraith, concert manager.
The first Concert Series artist,
Jascha Heifetz, violinist, will ap
pear Thursday evening. In three
later performances, Igor Gorin, bar
itone; Dorothy Maynor, soprano;
and Artur Ribinstein, pianist, will
be heard.
The concert manager announced
students who have already pur
chased seasonal tickets can pick up
rtieir tickets on presentation of
their student body cards and re
ceipts from I to 5 in the Concert
Series office.
At a booth in front of the post
office, students may purchase sea
sonal Concert Series tickets. To
day and tomorrow are the last days
the tickets can be obtained at a
reduced price. Stanford student
prices are $1.50 less than regular
prices.
Good seats are available in all
parts of the house, according to
Jane Galbraith, concert manager.
The first Concert Series artist,
Jascha Heifetz, violinist, will ap
pear Thursday evening. In three
later performances, Igor Gorin, bar
itone; Dorothy Maynor, soprano;
and Artur Ribinstein, pianist, will
be heard.
The concert manager announced
students who have already pur
chased seasonal tickets can pick up
rtieir tickets on presentation of
their student body cards and re
ceipts from I to 5 in the Concert
Series office.
At a booth in front of the post
office, students may purchase sea
sonal Concert Series tickets. To
day and tomorrow are the last days
the tickets can be obtained at a
reduced price. Stanford student
prices are $1.50 less than regular
prices.
Good seats are available in all
parts of the house, according to
Jane Galbraith, concert manager.
The first Concert Series artist,
Jascha Heifetz, violinist, will ap
pear Thursday evening. In three
later performances, Igor Gorin, bar
itone; Dorothy Maynor, soprano;
and Artur Ribinstein, pianist, will
be heard.
The concert manager announced
students who have already pur
chased seasonal tickets can pick up
rtieir tickets on presentation of
their student body cards and re
ceipts from I to 5 in the Concert
Series office.
At a booth in front of the post
office, students may purchase sea
sonal Concert Series tickets. To
day and tomorrow are the last days
the tickets can be obtained at a
reduced price. Stanford student
prices are $1.50 less than regular
prices.
Good seats are available in all
parts of the house, according to
Jane Galbraith, concert manager.
The first Concert Series artist,
Jascha Heifetz, violinist, will ap
pear Thursday evening. In three
later performances, Igor Gorin, bar
itone; Dorothy Maynor, soprano;
and Artur Ribinstein, pianist, will
be heard.
The concert manager announced
students who have already pur
chased seasonal tickets can pick up
rtieir tickets on presentation of
their student body cards and re
ceipts from I to 5 in the Concert
Series office.
At a booth in front of the post
office, students may purchase sea
sonal Concert Series tickets. To
day and tomorrow are the last days
the tickets can be obtained at a
reduced price. Stanford student
prices are $1.50 less than regular
prices.
Good seats are available in all
parts of the house, according to
Jane Galbraith, concert manager.
The first Concert Series artist,
Jascha Heifetz, violinist, will ap
pear Thursday evening. In three
later performances, Igor Gorin, bar
itone; Dorothy Maynor, soprano;
and Artur Ribinstein, pianist, will
be heard.
The concert manager announced
students who have already pur
chased seasonal tickets can pick up
rtieir tickets on presentation of
their student body cards and re
ceipts from I to 5 in the Concert
Series office.
At a booth in front of the post
office, students may purchase sea
sonal Concert Series tickets. To
day and tomorrow are the last days
the tickets can be obtained at a
reduced price. Stanford student
prices are $1.50 less than regular
prices.
Good seats are available in all
parts of the house, according to
Jane Galbraith, concert manager.
The first Concert Series artist,
Jascha Heifetz, violinist, will ap
pear Thursday evening. In three
later performances, Igor Gorin, bar
itone; Dorothy Maynor, soprano;
and Artur Ribinstein, pianist, will
be heard.
The concert manager announced
students who have already pur
chased seasonal tickets can pick up
rtieir tickets on presentation of
their student body cards and re
ceipts from I to 5 in the Concert
Series office.
At a booth in front of the post
office, students may purchase sea
sonal Concert Series tickets. To
day and tomorrow are the last days
the tickets can be obtained at a
reduced price. Stanford student
prices are $1.50 less than regular
prices.
Good seats are available in all
parts of the house, according to
Jane Galbraith, concert manager.
The first Concert Series artist,
Jascha Heifetz, violinist, will ap
pear Thursday evening. In three
later performances, Igor Gorin, bar
itone; Dorothy Maynor, soprano;
and Artur Ribinstein, pianist, will
be heard.
The concert manager announced
students who have already pur
chased seasonal tickets can pick up
rtieir tickets on presentation of
their student body cards and re
ceipts from I to 5 in the Concert
Series office.
At a booth in front of the post
office, students may purchase sea
sonal Concert Series tickets. To
day and tomorrow are the last days
the tickets can be obtained at a
reduced price. Stanford student
prices are $1.50 less than regular
prices.
Good seats are available in all
parts of the house, according to
Jane Galbraith, concert manager.
The first Concert Series artist,
Jascha Heifetz, violinist, will ap
pear Thursday evening. In three
later performances, Igor Gorin, bar
itone; Dorothy Maynor, soprano;
and Artur Ribinstein, pianist, will
be heard.
The concert manager announced
students who have already pur
chased seasonal tickets can pick up
rtieir tickets on presentation of
their student body cards and re
ceipts from I to 5 in the Concert
Series office.
At a booth in front of the post
office, students may purchase sea
sonal Concert Series tickets. To
day and tomorrow are the last days
the tickets can be obtained at a
reduced price. Stanford student
prices are $1.50 less than regular
prices.
Good seats are available in all
parts of the house, according to
Jane Galbraith, concert manager.
The first Concert Series artist,
Jascha Heifetz, violinist, will ap
pear Thursday evening. In three
later performances, Igor Gorin, bar
itone; Dorothy Maynor, soprano;
and Artur Ribinstein, pianist, will
be heard.
The concert manager announced
students who have already pur
chased seasonal tickets can pick up
rtieir tickets on presentation of
their student body cards and re
ceipts from I to 5 in the Concert
Series office.
At a booth in front of the post
office, students may purchase sea
sonal Concert Series tickets. To
day and tomorrow are the last days
the tickets can be obtained at a
reduced price. Stanford student
prices are $1.50 less than regular
prices.
Good seats are available in all
parts of the house, according to
Jane Galbraith, concert manager.
The first Concert Series artist,
Jascha Heifetz, violinist, will ap
pear Thursday evening. In three
later performances, Igor Gorin, bar
itone; Dorothy Maynor, soprano;
and Artur Ribinstein, pianist, will
be heard.
The concert manager announced
students who have already pur
chased seasonal tickets can pick up
rtieir tickets on presentation of
their student body cards and re
ceipts from I to 5 in the Concert
Series office.
At a booth in front of the post
office, students may purchase sea
sonal Concert Series tickets. To
day and tomorrow are the last days
the tickets can be obtained at a
reduced price. Stanford student
prices are $1.50 less than regular
prices.
Good seats are available in all
parts of the house, according to
Jane Galbraith, concert manager.
The first Concert Series artist,
Jascha Heifetz, violinist, will ap
pear Thursday evening. In three
later performances, Igor Gorin, bar
itone; Dorothy Maynor, soprano;
and Artur Ribinstein, pianist, will
be heard.
The concert manager announced
students who have already pur
chased seasonal tickets can pick up
rtieir tickets on presentation of
their student body cards and re
ceipts from I to 5 in the Concert
Series office.
At a booth in front of the post
office, students may purchase sea
sonal Concert Series tickets. To
day and tomorrow are the last days
the tickets can be obtained at a
reduced price. Stanford student
prices are $1.50 less than regular
prices.
Good seats are available in all
parts of the house, according to
Jane Galbraith, concert manager.
The first Concert Series artist,
Jascha Heifetz, violinist, will ap
pear Thursday evening. In three
later performances, Igor Gorin, bar
itone; Dorothy Maynor, soprano;
and Artur Ribinstein, pianist, will
be heard.
The concert manager announced
students who have already pur
chased seasonal tickets can pick up
rtieir tickets on presentation of
their student body cards and re
ceipts from I to 5 in the Concert
Series office.
At a booth in front of the post
office, students may purchase sea
sonal Concert Series tickets. To
day and tomorrow are the last days
the tickets can be obtained at a
reduced price. Stanford student
prices are $1.50 less than regular
prices.
Good seats are available in all
parts of the house, according to
Jane Galbraith, concert manager.
The first Concert Series artist,
Jascha Heifetz, violinist, will ap
pear Thursday evening. In three
later performances, Igor Gorin, bar
itone; Dorothy Maynor, soprano;
and Artur Ribinstein, pianist, will
be heard.
The concert manager announced
students who have already pur
chased seasonal tickets can pick up
rtieir tickets on presentation of
their student body cards and re
ceipts from I to 5 in the Concert
Series office.
At a booth in front of the post
office, students may purchase sea
sonal Concert Series tickets. To
day and tomorrow are the last days
the tickets can be obtained at a
reduced price. Stanford student
prices are $1.50 less than regular
prices.
Good seats are available in all
parts of the house, according to
Jane Galbraith, concert manager.
The first Concert Series artist,
Jascha Heifetz, violinist, will ap
pear Thursday evening. In three
later performances, Igor Gorin, bar
itone; Dorothy Maynor, soprano;
and Artur Ribinstein, pianist, will
be heard.
The concert manager announced
students who have already pur
chased seasonal tickets can pick up
rtieir tickets on presentation of
their student body cards and re
ceipts from I to 5 in the Concert
Series office.
At a booth in front of the post
office, students may purchase sea
sonal Concert Series tickets. To
day and tomorrow are the last days
the tickets can be obtained at a
reduced price. Stanford student
prices are $1.50 less than regular
prices.
Good seats are available in all
parts of the house, according to
Jane Galbraith, concert manager.
The first Concert Series artist,
Jascha Heifetz, violinist, will ap
pear Thursday evening. In three
later performances, Igor Gorin, bar
itone; Dorothy Maynor, soprano;
and Artur Ribinstein, pianist, will
be heard.
The concert manager announced
students who have already pur
chased seasonal tickets can pick up
rtieir tickets on presentation of
their student body cards and re
ceipts from I to 5 in the Concert
Series office.
At a booth in front of the post
office, students may purchase sea
sonal Concert Series tickets. To
day and tomorrow are the last days
the tickets can be obtained at a
reduced price. Stanford student
prices are $1.50 less than regular
prices.
Good seats are available in all
parts of the house, according to
Jane Galbraith, concert manager.
The first Concert Series artist,
Jascha Heifetz, violinist, will ap
pear Thursday evening. In three
later performances, Igor Gorin, bar
itone; Dorothy Maynor, soprano;
and Artur Ribinstein, pianist, will
be heard.
The concert manager announced
students who have already pur
chased seasonal tickets can pick up
rtieir tickets on presentation of
their student body cards and re
ceipts from I to 5 in the Concert
Series office.
