# WAR BRIEFS
## 
### United Press 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 25.—The
Navy Department announced to
night that American forces in the
Solomons have damaged three
Japanese warships, prohably
damaged ajiofher and possibly
damaged a fifth.
GEN. MacARTHUR'S HEAD
QUARTERS, Australia, Monday,
Oct. 2(!.—U.S. Army Flying Fort
resses, continuing their devastat
ing offensive in support of Ameri
can forces in the lower Solomons,
dumped 17 tons of bombs on Ra
baul yesterday, sinking a Japa
nese gunboat, probably sinking
tfiree cargo ships, and leaving
fires and explosions visible for
100 miles, it was announced today,
LONDON. Oct. 25.—Heavy RAF
bombers skimmed the peaks of
the Alps and blasted northern
Italy for the fourth time in 48
hours last night, concentrating
on the industrial city of Milan,
site of the huge Caproni bomber
plant, and the Italians announced
officially that "great damage" has
been done and 58!) persons were
killed or wounded in the four
raids. It is the worst battering
Italy has taken throughout the
war and coincides with wide
spread reports of collapsing Ital
ian morale and the launching of
the Allied offensive in Egypt.
(Enemy Origin—Not Filed by
Correspondent)
TOKYO, Oct. 25 (Japanese
broadcast recorded by United
Press in San Francisco). — The
government-controlled Tokyo ra
dio complained tonight fihat
America's proposed retaliation
for Japanese "punishment" of the
captured United States fliers who
bombed Tokyo was "such cruel
conduct," and "should not be al
lowed in a country of high cul
ture and cultural standards."
