# Adv. 38 Page 12
## 
### 
RIVER TRIPS
< , ■ i
Lo^flg 51250
Rent ralt paaales lile vesls
bailers and life lines for only
$100 per day Eight people can
runariverforonlysl2.soeach.
Forget about midterms, go raft
ing on the American or some
other California river'"
WHITEWATER
miTnTTmo
„112 Ittlo
328-RAFT
RIVER TRIPS
< , ■ i
Lo^flg 51250
Rent ralt paaales lile vesls
bailers and life lines for only
$100 per day Eight people can
runariverforonlysl2.soeach.
Forget about midterms, go raft
ing on the American or some
other California river'"
WHITEWATER
miTnTTmo
„112 Ittlo
328-RAFT
RIVER TRIPS
< , ■ i
Lo^flg 51250
Rent ralt paaales lile vesls
bailers and life lines for only
$100 per day Eight people can
runariverforonlysl2.soeach.
Forget about midterms, go raft
ing on the American or some
other California river'"
WHITEWATER
miTnTTmo
„112 Ittlo
328-RAFT
RIVER TRIPS
< , ■ i
Lo^flg 51250
Rent ralt paaales lile vesls
bailers and life lines for only
$100 per day Eight people can
runariverforonlysl2.soeach.
Forget about midterms, go raft
ing on the American or some
other California river'"
WHITEWATER
miTnTTmo
„112 Ittlo
328-RAFT
RIVER TRIPS
< , ■ i
Lo^flg 51250
Rent ralt paaales lile vesls
bailers and life lines for only
$100 per day Eight people can
runariverforonlysl2.soeach.
Forget about midterms, go raft
ing on the American or some
other California river'"
WHITEWATER
miTnTTmo
„112 Ittlo
328-RAFT
RIVER TRIPS
< , ■ i
Lo^flg 51250
Rent ralt paaales lile vesls
bailers and life lines for only
$100 per day Eight people can
runariverforonlysl2.soeach.
Forget about midterms, go raft
ing on the American or some
other California river'"
WHITEWATER
miTnTTmo
„112 Ittlo
328-RAFT
RIVER TRIPS
< , ■ i
Lo^flg 51250
Rent ralt paaales lile vesls
bailers and life lines for only
$100 per day Eight people can
runariverforonlysl2.soeach.
Forget about midterms, go raft
ing on the American or some
other California river'"
WHITEWATER
miTnTTmo
„112 Ittlo
328-RAFT
