# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Red Hot Prof
Krd llot Dwiglit Clarke recites a brat
cheer during the I : CI,A game last Sat
urday. Clarke is a former Dean of
Freshmen .Men.

Red Hot Prof
Krd llot Dwiglit Clarke recites a brat
cheer during the I : CI,A game last Sat
urday. Clarke is a former Dean of
Freshmen .Men.

Red Hot Prof
Krd llot Dwiglit Clarke recites a brat
cheer during the I : CI,A game last Sat
urday. Clarke is a former Dean of
Freshmen .Men.

Red Hot Prof
Krd llot Dwiglit Clarke recites a brat
cheer during the I : CI,A game last Sat
urday. Clarke is a former Dean of
Freshmen .Men.

Red Hot Prof
Krd llot Dwiglit Clarke recites a brat
cheer during the I : CI,A game last Sat
urday. Clarke is a former Dean of
Freshmen .Men.

Red Hot Prof
Krd llot Dwiglit Clarke recites a brat
cheer during the I : CI,A game last Sat
urday. Clarke is a former Dean of
Freshmen .Men.

Red Hot Prof
Krd llot Dwiglit Clarke recites a brat
cheer during the I : CI,A game last Sat
urday. Clarke is a former Dean of
Freshmen .Men.

Red Hot Prof
Krd llot Dwiglit Clarke recites a brat
cheer during the I : CI,A game last Sat
urday. Clarke is a former Dean of
Freshmen .Men.

Red Hot Prof
Krd llot Dwiglit Clarke recites a brat
cheer during the I : CI,A game last Sat
urday. Clarke is a former Dean of
Freshmen .Men.

Red Hot Prof
Krd llot Dwiglit Clarke recites a brat
cheer during the I : CI,A game last Sat
urday. Clarke is a former Dean of
Freshmen .Men.

Red Hot Prof
Krd llot Dwiglit Clarke recites a brat
cheer during the I : CI,A game last Sat
urday. Clarke is a former Dean of
Freshmen .Men.

Red Hot Prof
Krd llot Dwiglit Clarke recites a brat
cheer during the I : CI,A game last Sat
urday. Clarke is a former Dean of
Freshmen .Men.

Red Hot Prof
Krd llot Dwiglit Clarke recites a brat
cheer during the I : CI,A game last Sat
urday. Clarke is a former Dean of
Freshmen .Men.

Red Hot Prof
Krd llot Dwiglit Clarke recites a brat
cheer during the I : CI,A game last Sat
urday. Clarke is a former Dean of
Freshmen .Men.

Red Hot Prof
Krd llot Dwiglit Clarke recites a brat
cheer during the I : CI,A game last Sat
urday. Clarke is a former Dean of
Freshmen .Men.
