# Beban Blues
## 
### 

Gary Bcban, UCLA's flashy sophomore
quarterback, jog's easily into paydirt
through perfect screen of blocking.
Behan threw for one I'D and ran for
two more, administering Stanford's
third AAYVU loss, 30-13.

Gary Bcban, UCLA's flashy sophomore
quarterback, jog's easily into paydirt
through perfect screen of blocking.
Behan threw for one I'D and ran for
two more, administering Stanford's
third AAYVU loss, 30-13.

Gary Bcban, UCLA's flashy sophomore
quarterback, jog's easily into paydirt
through perfect screen of blocking.
Behan threw for one I'D and ran for
two more, administering Stanford's
third AAYVU loss, 30-13.

Gary Bcban, UCLA's flashy sophomore
quarterback, jog's easily into paydirt
through perfect screen of blocking.
Behan threw for one I'D and ran for
two more, administering Stanford's
third AAYVU loss, 30-13.

Gary Bcban, UCLA's flashy sophomore
quarterback, jog's easily into paydirt
through perfect screen of blocking.
Behan threw for one I'D and ran for
two more, administering Stanford's
third AAYVU loss, 30-13.

Gary Bcban, UCLA's flashy sophomore
quarterback, jog's easily into paydirt
through perfect screen of blocking.
Behan threw for one I'D and ran for
two more, administering Stanford's
third AAYVU loss, 30-13.

Gary Bcban, UCLA's flashy sophomore
quarterback, jog's easily into paydirt
through perfect screen of blocking.
Behan threw for one I'D and ran for
two more, administering Stanford's
third AAYVU loss, 30-13.

Gary Bcban, UCLA's flashy sophomore
quarterback, jog's easily into paydirt
through perfect screen of blocking.
Behan threw for one I'D and ran for
two more, administering Stanford's
third AAYVU loss, 30-13.

Gary Bcban, UCLA's flashy sophomore
quarterback, jog's easily into paydirt
through perfect screen of blocking.
Behan threw for one I'D and ran for
two more, administering Stanford's
third AAYVU loss, 30-13.

Gary Bcban, UCLA's flashy sophomore
quarterback, jog's easily into paydirt
through perfect screen of blocking.
Behan threw for one I'D and ran for
two more, administering Stanford's
third AAYVU loss, 30-13.

Gary Bcban, UCLA's flashy sophomore
quarterback, jog's easily into paydirt
through perfect screen of blocking.
Behan threw for one I'D and ran for
two more, administering Stanford's
third AAYVU loss, 30-13.

Gary Bcban, UCLA's flashy sophomore
quarterback, jog's easily into paydirt
through perfect screen of blocking.
Behan threw for one I'D and ran for
two more, administering Stanford's
third AAYVU loss, 30-13.

Gary Bcban, UCLA's flashy sophomore
quarterback, jog's easily into paydirt
through perfect screen of blocking.
Behan threw for one I'D and ran for
two more, administering Stanford's
third AAYVU loss, 30-13.

Gary Bcban, UCLA's flashy sophomore
quarterback, jog's easily into paydirt
through perfect screen of blocking.
Behan threw for one I'D and ran for
two more, administering Stanford's
third AAYVU loss, 30-13.

Gary Bcban, UCLA's flashy sophomore
quarterback, jog's easily into paydirt
through perfect screen of blocking.
Behan threw for one I'D and ran for
two more, administering Stanford's
third AAYVU loss, 30-13.
