# Untitled Article
## 
### 
At the present time, the
anti-war movement at Stanford
and at other campuses across
the nation seems to be at a
crossroads. Although American
firepower in Southeast Asia has
not decreased appreciably,
there has been a reduction in
American manpower. For this
reason, interest in the war
seems to be waning in the
United States, in spite of the
killing that goes on. At
Stanford, as at other campuses,
student leaders must decide
how best to react to the
changing circumstances in
Southeast Asia.
With this in mind, it would
be of interest to examine the
anti-war movement (especially
at Stanford) as background for
anyone who would try to guide
the new times.
