# INTERCLASS MERMEN TO SPLASH FRIDAY
## 
### 
Swimming Instructor Brandsten an
nounces that if nothing interferes
with regular plans, an interclass
swimming meet will be held next Wed
nesday afternoon in Encina pool. This
meet will be mainly for the purpose
of discovering new talent among
Freshman and transfers for positions
on the Varsity swimming team later
on. It is thought that some "dark
horses" in the swimming line have en
tered Stanford this quarter, and an at
tempt will be made to bring them for
ward, as several of the old men may
not return.
It is felt that the return of Bill
Stewart, star on last year's freshman
team, crack sprinter, who is back this
quarter, will greatly strengthen the
chances of the Varsity against Cali
fornia in the meet to be held later on.
A list of men to participate in Wed
nesday's meet will be ready by Mon
day.
Swimming Instructor Brandsten an
nounces that if nothing interferes
with regular plans, an interclass
swimming meet will be held next Wed
nesday afternoon in Encina pool. This
meet will be mainly for the purpose
of discovering new talent among
Freshman and transfers for positions
on the Varsity swimming team later
on. It is thought that some "dark
horses" in the swimming line have en
tered Stanford this quarter, and an at
tempt will be made to bring them for
ward, as several of the old men may
not return.
It is felt that the return of Bill
Stewart, star on last year's freshman
team, crack sprinter, who is back this
quarter, will greatly strengthen the
chances of the Varsity against Cali
fornia in the meet to be held later on.
A list of men to participate in Wed
nesday's meet will be ready by Mon
day.
Swimming Instructor Brandsten an
nounces that if nothing interferes
with regular plans, an interclass
swimming meet will be held next Wed
nesday afternoon in Encina pool. This
meet will be mainly for the purpose
of discovering new talent among
Freshman and transfers for positions
on the Varsity swimming team later
on. It is thought that some "dark
horses" in the swimming line have en
tered Stanford this quarter, and an at
tempt will be made to bring them for
ward, as several of the old men may
not return.
It is felt that the return of Bill
Stewart, star on last year's freshman
team, crack sprinter, who is back this
quarter, will greatly strengthen the
chances of the Varsity against Cali
fornia in the meet to be held later on.
A list of men to participate in Wed
nesday's meet will be ready by Mon
day.
Swimming Instructor Brandsten an
nounces that if nothing interferes
with regular plans, an interclass
swimming meet will be held next Wed
nesday afternoon in Encina pool. This
meet will be mainly for the purpose
of discovering new talent among
Freshman and transfers for positions
on the Varsity swimming team later
on. It is thought that some "dark
horses" in the swimming line have en
tered Stanford this quarter, and an at
tempt will be made to bring them for
ward, as several of the old men may
not return.
It is felt that the return of Bill
Stewart, star on last year's freshman
team, crack sprinter, who is back this
quarter, will greatly strengthen the
chances of the Varsity against Cali
fornia in the meet to be held later on.
A list of men to participate in Wed
nesday's meet will be ready by Mon
day.
Swimming Instructor Brandsten an
nounces that if nothing interferes
with regular plans, an interclass
swimming meet will be held next Wed
nesday afternoon in Encina pool. This
meet will be mainly for the purpose
of discovering new talent among
Freshman and transfers for positions
on the Varsity swimming team later
on. It is thought that some "dark
horses" in the swimming line have en
tered Stanford this quarter, and an at
tempt will be made to bring them for
ward, as several of the old men may
not return.
It is felt that the return of Bill
Stewart, star on last year's freshman
team, crack sprinter, who is back this
quarter, will greatly strengthen the
chances of the Varsity against Cali
fornia in the meet to be held later on.
A list of men to participate in Wed
nesday's meet will be ready by Mon
day.
Swimming Instructor Brandsten an
nounces that if nothing interferes
with regular plans, an interclass
swimming meet will be held next Wed
nesday afternoon in Encina pool. This
meet will be mainly for the purpose
of discovering new talent among
Freshman and transfers for positions
on the Varsity swimming team later
on. It is thought that some "dark
horses" in the swimming line have en
tered Stanford this quarter, and an at
tempt will be made to bring them for
ward, as several of the old men may
not return.
It is felt that the return of Bill
Stewart, star on last year's freshman
team, crack sprinter, who is back this
quarter, will greatly strengthen the
chances of the Varsity against Cali
fornia in the meet to be held later on.
A list of men to participate in Wed
nesday's meet will be ready by Mon
day.
Swimming Instructor Brandsten an
nounces that if nothing interferes
with regular plans, an interclass
swimming meet will be held next Wed
nesday afternoon in Encina pool. This
meet will be mainly for the purpose
of discovering new talent among
Freshman and transfers for positions
on the Varsity swimming team later
on. It is thought that some "dark
horses" in the swimming line have en
tered Stanford this quarter, and an at
tempt will be made to bring them for
ward, as several of the old men may
not return.
It is felt that the return of Bill
Stewart, star on last year's freshman
team, crack sprinter, who is back this
quarter, will greatly strengthen the
chances of the Varsity against Cali
fornia in the meet to be held later on.
A list of men to participate in Wed
nesday's meet will be ready by Mon
day.
Swimming Instructor Brandsten an
nounces that if nothing interferes
with regular plans, an interclass
swimming meet will be held next Wed
nesday afternoon in Encina pool. This
meet will be mainly for the purpose
of discovering new talent among
Freshman and transfers for positions
on the Varsity swimming team later
on. It is thought that some "dark
horses" in the swimming line have en
tered Stanford this quarter, and an at
tempt will be made to bring them for
ward, as several of the old men may
not return.
It is felt that the return of Bill
Stewart, star on last year's freshman
team, crack sprinter, who is back this
quarter, will greatly strengthen the
chances of the Varsity against Cali
fornia in the meet to be held later on.
A list of men to participate in Wed
nesday's meet will be ready by Mon
day.
Swimming Instructor Brandsten an
nounces that if nothing interferes
with regular plans, an interclass
swimming meet will be held next Wed
nesday afternoon in Encina pool. This
meet will be mainly for the purpose
of discovering new talent among
Freshman and transfers for positions
on the Varsity swimming team later
on. It is thought that some "dark
horses" in the swimming line have en
tered Stanford this quarter, and an at
tempt will be made to bring them for
ward, as several of the old men may
not return.
It is felt that the return of Bill
Stewart, star on last year's freshman
team, crack sprinter, who is back this
quarter, will greatly strengthen the
chances of the Varsity against Cali
fornia in the meet to be held later on.
A list of men to participate in Wed
nesday's meet will be ready by Mon
day.
Swimming Instructor Brandsten an
nounces that if nothing interferes
with regular plans, an interclass
swimming meet will be held next Wed
nesday afternoon in Encina pool. This
meet will be mainly for the purpose
of discovering new talent among
Freshman and transfers for positions
on the Varsity swimming team later
on. It is thought that some "dark
horses" in the swimming line have en
tered Stanford this quarter, and an at
tempt will be made to bring them for
ward, as several of the old men may
not return.
It is felt that the return of Bill
Stewart, star on last year's freshman
team, crack sprinter, who is back this
quarter, will greatly strengthen the
chances of the Varsity against Cali
fornia in the meet to be held later on.
A list of men to participate in Wed
nesday's meet will be ready by Mon
day.
Swimming Instructor Brandsten an
nounces that if nothing interferes
with regular plans, an interclass
swimming meet will be held next Wed
nesday afternoon in Encina pool. This
meet will be mainly for the purpose
of discovering new talent among
Freshman and transfers for positions
on the Varsity swimming team later
on. It is thought that some "dark
horses" in the swimming line have en
tered Stanford this quarter, and an at
tempt will be made to bring them for
ward, as several of the old men may
not return.
It is felt that the return of Bill
Stewart, star on last year's freshman
team, crack sprinter, who is back this
quarter, will greatly strengthen the
chances of the Varsity against Cali
fornia in the meet to be held later on.
A list of men to participate in Wed
nesday's meet will be ready by Mon
day.
Swimming Instructor Brandsten an
nounces that if nothing interferes
with regular plans, an interclass
swimming meet will be held next Wed
nesday afternoon in Encina pool. This
meet will be mainly for the purpose
of discovering new talent among
Freshman and transfers for positions
on the Varsity swimming team later
on. It is thought that some "dark
horses" in the swimming line have en
tered Stanford this quarter, and an at
tempt will be made to bring them for
ward, as several of the old men may
not return.
It is felt that the return of Bill
Stewart, star on last year's freshman
team, crack sprinter, who is back this
quarter, will greatly strengthen the
chances of the Varsity against Cali
fornia in the meet to be held later on.
A list of men to participate in Wed
nesday's meet will be ready by Mon
day.
Swimming Instructor Brandsten an
nounces that if nothing interferes
with regular plans, an interclass
swimming meet will be held next Wed
nesday afternoon in Encina pool. This
meet will be mainly for the purpose
of discovering new talent among
Freshman and transfers for positions
on the Varsity swimming team later
on. It is thought that some "dark
horses" in the swimming line have en
tered Stanford this quarter, and an at
tempt will be made to bring them for
ward, as several of the old men may
not return.
It is felt that the return of Bill
Stewart, star on last year's freshman
team, crack sprinter, who is back this
quarter, will greatly strengthen the
chances of the Varsity against Cali
fornia in the meet to be held later on.
A list of men to participate in Wed
nesday's meet will be ready by Mon
day.
Swimming Instructor Brandsten an
nounces that if nothing interferes
with regular plans, an interclass
swimming meet will be held next Wed
nesday afternoon in Encina pool. This
meet will be mainly for the purpose
of discovering new talent among
Freshman and transfers for positions
on the Varsity swimming team later
on. It is thought that some "dark
horses" in the swimming line have en
tered Stanford this quarter, and an at
tempt will be made to bring them for
ward, as several of the old men may
not return.
It is felt that the return of Bill
Stewart, star on last year's freshman
team, crack sprinter, who is back this
quarter, will greatly strengthen the
chances of the Varsity against Cali
fornia in the meet to be held later on.
A list of men to participate in Wed
nesday's meet will be ready by Mon
day.
Swimming Instructor Brandsten an
nounces that if nothing interferes
with regular plans, an interclass
swimming meet will be held next Wed
nesday afternoon in Encina pool. This
meet will be mainly for the purpose
of discovering new talent among
Freshman and transfers for positions
on the Varsity swimming team later
on. It is thought that some "dark
horses" in the swimming line have en
tered Stanford this quarter, and an at
tempt will be made to bring them for
ward, as several of the old men may
not return.
It is felt that the return of Bill
Stewart, star on last year's freshman
team, crack sprinter, who is back this
quarter, will greatly strengthen the
chances of the Varsity against Cali
fornia in the meet to be held later on.
A list of men to participate in Wed
nesday's meet will be ready by Mon
day.
Swimming Instructor Brandsten an
nounces that if nothing interferes
with regular plans, an interclass
swimming meet will be held next Wed
nesday afternoon in Encina pool. This
meet will be mainly for the purpose
of discovering new talent among
Freshman and transfers for positions
on the Varsity swimming team later
on. It is thought that some "dark
horses" in the swimming line have en
tered Stanford this quarter, and an at
tempt will be made to bring them for
ward, as several of the old men may
not return.
It is felt that the return of Bill
Stewart, star on last year's freshman
team, crack sprinter, who is back this
quarter, will greatly strengthen the
chances of the Varsity against Cali
fornia in the meet to be held later on.
A list of men to participate in Wed
nesday's meet will be ready by Mon
day.
