# A.T.O. PLEDGE
## 
### 
Alpha Tau Omega announces the
pledging of Charles Cleveland, '40.
Alpha Tau Omega announces the
pledging of Charles Cleveland, '40.
Alpha Tau Omega announces the
pledging of Charles Cleveland, '40.
Alpha Tau Omega announces the
pledging of Charles Cleveland, '40.
Alpha Tau Omega announces the
pledging of Charles Cleveland, '40.
Alpha Tau Omega announces the
pledging of Charles Cleveland, '40.
Alpha Tau Omega announces the
pledging of Charles Cleveland, '40.
Alpha Tau Omega announces the
pledging of Charles Cleveland, '40.
Alpha Tau Omega announces the
pledging of Charles Cleveland, '40.
Alpha Tau Omega announces the
pledging of Charles Cleveland, '40.
Alpha Tau Omega announces the
pledging of Charles Cleveland, '40.
Alpha Tau Omega announces the
pledging of Charles Cleveland, '40.
Alpha Tau Omega announces the
pledging of Charles Cleveland, '40.
Alpha Tau Omega announces the
pledging of Charles Cleveland, '40.
Alpha Tau Omega announces the
pledging of Charles Cleveland, '40.
