# Row Leader
## 
### 

HOB HOOVER, Interfraternity
President and member of Inter
fraternity Council. The Council
last night decided to exclude from
houses pledges with doubtful
scholarship averages.

HOB HOOVER, Interfraternity
President and member of Inter
fraternity Council. The Council
last night decided to exclude from
houses pledges with doubtful
scholarship averages.

HOB HOOVER, Interfraternity
President and member of Inter
fraternity Council. The Council
last night decided to exclude from
houses pledges with doubtful
scholarship averages.

HOB HOOVER, Interfraternity
President and member of Inter
fraternity Council. The Council
last night decided to exclude from
houses pledges with doubtful
scholarship averages.

HOB HOOVER, Interfraternity
President and member of Inter
fraternity Council. The Council
last night decided to exclude from
houses pledges with doubtful
scholarship averages.

HOB HOOVER, Interfraternity
President and member of Inter
fraternity Council. The Council
last night decided to exclude from
houses pledges with doubtful
scholarship averages.

HOB HOOVER, Interfraternity
President and member of Inter
fraternity Council. The Council
last night decided to exclude from
houses pledges with doubtful
scholarship averages.

HOB HOOVER, Interfraternity
President and member of Inter
fraternity Council. The Council
last night decided to exclude from
houses pledges with doubtful
scholarship averages.

HOB HOOVER, Interfraternity
President and member of Inter
fraternity Council. The Council
last night decided to exclude from
houses pledges with doubtful
scholarship averages.

HOB HOOVER, Interfraternity
President and member of Inter
fraternity Council. The Council
last night decided to exclude from
houses pledges with doubtful
scholarship averages.

HOB HOOVER, Interfraternity
President and member of Inter
fraternity Council. The Council
last night decided to exclude from
houses pledges with doubtful
scholarship averages.

HOB HOOVER, Interfraternity
President and member of Inter
fraternity Council. The Council
last night decided to exclude from
houses pledges with doubtful
scholarship averages.

HOB HOOVER, Interfraternity
President and member of Inter
fraternity Council. The Council
last night decided to exclude from
houses pledges with doubtful
scholarship averages.

HOB HOOVER, Interfraternity
President and member of Inter
fraternity Council. The Council
last night decided to exclude from
houses pledges with doubtful
scholarship averages.

HOB HOOVER, Interfraternity
President and member of Inter
fraternity Council. The Council
last night decided to exclude from
houses pledges with doubtful
scholarship averages.
