# Adv. 9 Page 2
## 
### 
Full Beat
A new low-down note! Skirts art
longer, smoother, with sly emphasis
on knee-high details! California
inspired idea by
P. A. 5191
Full Beat
A new low-down note! Skirts art
longer, smoother, with sly emphasis
on knee-high details! California
inspired idea by
P. A. 5191
Full Beat
A new low-down note! Skirts art
longer, smoother, with sly emphasis
on knee-high details! California
inspired idea by
P. A. 5191
Full Beat
A new low-down note! Skirts art
longer, smoother, with sly emphasis
on knee-high details! California
inspired idea by
P. A. 5191
Full Beat
A new low-down note! Skirts art
longer, smoother, with sly emphasis
on knee-high details! California
inspired idea by
P. A. 5191
Full Beat
A new low-down note! Skirts art
longer, smoother, with sly emphasis
on knee-high details! California
inspired idea by
P. A. 5191
Full Beat
A new low-down note! Skirts art
longer, smoother, with sly emphasis
on knee-high details! California
inspired idea by
P. A. 5191
Full Beat
A new low-down note! Skirts art
longer, smoother, with sly emphasis
on knee-high details! California
inspired idea by
P. A. 5191
Full Beat
A new low-down note! Skirts art
longer, smoother, with sly emphasis
on knee-high details! California
inspired idea by
P. A. 5191
Full Beat
A new low-down note! Skirts art
longer, smoother, with sly emphasis
on knee-high details! California
inspired idea by
P. A. 5191
Full Beat
A new low-down note! Skirts art
longer, smoother, with sly emphasis
on knee-high details! California
inspired idea by
P. A. 5191
Full Beat
A new low-down note! Skirts art
longer, smoother, with sly emphasis
on knee-high details! California
inspired idea by
P. A. 5191
Full Beat
A new low-down note! Skirts art
longer, smoother, with sly emphasis
on knee-high details! California
inspired idea by
P. A. 5191
Full Beat
A new low-down note! Skirts art
longer, smoother, with sly emphasis
on knee-high details! California
inspired idea by
P. A. 5191
Full Beat
A new low-down note! Skirts art
longer, smoother, with sly emphasis
on knee-high details! California
inspired idea by
P. A. 5191
Full Beat
A new low-down note! Skirts art
longer, smoother, with sly emphasis
on knee-high details! California
inspired idea by
P. A. 5191
