# STANFORD WOMAN TO WED GRADUATE
## 
### 
Liselotte von Usedorn, 'MO, has
announced her engagement to Wal
ter Edward Deach, '22. Miss von
Usedom, who is a member of Alpha
Phi sorority, will be graduated
from Stanford this quarter. Deach
is a member of Ueta Theta Pi. At
the present time he is teaching at
Harvard.
Liselotte von Usedorn, 'MO, has
announced her engagement to Wal
ter Edward Deach, '22. Miss von
Usedom, who is a member of Alpha
Phi sorority, will be graduated
from Stanford this quarter. Deach
is a member of Ueta Theta Pi. At
the present time he is teaching at
Harvard.
Liselotte von Usedorn, 'MO, has
announced her engagement to Wal
ter Edward Deach, '22. Miss von
Usedom, who is a member of Alpha
Phi sorority, will be graduated
from Stanford this quarter. Deach
is a member of Ueta Theta Pi. At
the present time he is teaching at
Harvard.
Liselotte von Usedorn, 'MO, has
announced her engagement to Wal
ter Edward Deach, '22. Miss von
Usedom, who is a member of Alpha
Phi sorority, will be graduated
from Stanford this quarter. Deach
is a member of Ueta Theta Pi. At
the present time he is teaching at
Harvard.
Liselotte von Usedorn, 'MO, has
announced her engagement to Wal
ter Edward Deach, '22. Miss von
Usedom, who is a member of Alpha
Phi sorority, will be graduated
from Stanford this quarter. Deach
is a member of Ueta Theta Pi. At
the present time he is teaching at
Harvard.
Liselotte von Usedorn, 'MO, has
announced her engagement to Wal
ter Edward Deach, '22. Miss von
Usedom, who is a member of Alpha
Phi sorority, will be graduated
from Stanford this quarter. Deach
is a member of Ueta Theta Pi. At
the present time he is teaching at
Harvard.
Liselotte von Usedorn, 'MO, has
announced her engagement to Wal
ter Edward Deach, '22. Miss von
Usedom, who is a member of Alpha
Phi sorority, will be graduated
from Stanford this quarter. Deach
is a member of Ueta Theta Pi. At
the present time he is teaching at
Harvard.
Liselotte von Usedorn, 'MO, has
announced her engagement to Wal
ter Edward Deach, '22. Miss von
Usedom, who is a member of Alpha
Phi sorority, will be graduated
from Stanford this quarter. Deach
is a member of Ueta Theta Pi. At
the present time he is teaching at
Harvard.
Liselotte von Usedorn, 'MO, has
announced her engagement to Wal
ter Edward Deach, '22. Miss von
Usedom, who is a member of Alpha
Phi sorority, will be graduated
from Stanford this quarter. Deach
is a member of Ueta Theta Pi. At
the present time he is teaching at
Harvard.
Liselotte von Usedorn, 'MO, has
announced her engagement to Wal
ter Edward Deach, '22. Miss von
Usedom, who is a member of Alpha
Phi sorority, will be graduated
from Stanford this quarter. Deach
is a member of Ueta Theta Pi. At
the present time he is teaching at
Harvard.
Liselotte von Usedorn, 'MO, has
announced her engagement to Wal
ter Edward Deach, '22. Miss von
Usedom, who is a member of Alpha
Phi sorority, will be graduated
from Stanford this quarter. Deach
is a member of Ueta Theta Pi. At
the present time he is teaching at
Harvard.
Liselotte von Usedorn, 'MO, has
announced her engagement to Wal
ter Edward Deach, '22. Miss von
Usedom, who is a member of Alpha
Phi sorority, will be graduated
from Stanford this quarter. Deach
is a member of Ueta Theta Pi. At
the present time he is teaching at
Harvard.
Liselotte von Usedorn, 'MO, has
announced her engagement to Wal
ter Edward Deach, '22. Miss von
Usedom, who is a member of Alpha
Phi sorority, will be graduated
from Stanford this quarter. Deach
is a member of Ueta Theta Pi. At
the present time he is teaching at
Harvard.
Liselotte von Usedorn, 'MO, has
announced her engagement to Wal
ter Edward Deach, '22. Miss von
Usedom, who is a member of Alpha
Phi sorority, will be graduated
from Stanford this quarter. Deach
is a member of Ueta Theta Pi. At
the present time he is teaching at
Harvard.
Liselotte von Usedorn, 'MO, has
announced her engagement to Wal
ter Edward Deach, '22. Miss von
Usedom, who is a member of Alpha
Phi sorority, will be graduated
from Stanford this quarter. Deach
is a member of Ueta Theta Pi. At
the present time he is teaching at
Harvard.
