# THETA DELTA CHI IS WINNER OVER A.T.O. IN MURAL TOURNEY
## 
### 
In a hard-fought match played
yesterday afternoon Wilson and
.Miller of Theta Delta Chi downed
Kobinson and Webb, Alpha Tau
Omega, 2-0 to reach the semi-final
round of the intramural tennis tour
ney. Branner 140's duo of racquet
wielders previously advanced to
this round at the expense of En
cina lE,
Third-round contests played off
during recent fair weather in vic
tories of Kappa Alpha over Phi
(lamina Delta 2-0, Theta Delta Chi
f.ver Independents 111 2-0, and Se
quoia I over Independents IV 2-1.
This afternoon Encina B is sched
uled to meet Sequoia 1 and Inde
pendents V to meet Kappa Alpha in
quarter-final matches. Semi-final
contests are to be played tomorrow
afternoon, and finals will be held
Thursday.
These remaining matches must
be played on scheduled times, ac
cording to Coach Bugge, or the of
fending teams will be defaulted.
