# Y.W.C.A. WILL HOLD MEETING WEDNESDAY
## 
### 
Following the regular cabinet
meeting, the Y.W.C.A. will hold an
open meeting at 7 o'clock Wednes
day on the first floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
Discussion will center on the
"Student in Industry" project
which will be carried on during the
summer. Ruby Turner, who worked
with the project in Los Angeles
last summer, will talk on her ex
periences. The group this summer
will be held in San Francisco. All
those interested in learning more
about it are invited to come.
Following the regular cabinet
meeting, the Y.W.C.A. will hold an
open meeting at 7 o'clock Wednes
day on the first floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
Discussion will center on the
"Student in Industry" project
which will be carried on during the
summer. Ruby Turner, who worked
with the project in Los Angeles
last summer, will talk on her ex
periences. The group this summer
will be held in San Francisco. All
those interested in learning more
about it are invited to come.
Following the regular cabinet
meeting, the Y.W.C.A. will hold an
open meeting at 7 o'clock Wednes
day on the first floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
Discussion will center on the
"Student in Industry" project
which will be carried on during the
summer. Ruby Turner, who worked
with the project in Los Angeles
last summer, will talk on her ex
periences. The group this summer
will be held in San Francisco. All
those interested in learning more
about it are invited to come.
Following the regular cabinet
meeting, the Y.W.C.A. will hold an
open meeting at 7 o'clock Wednes
day on the first floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
Discussion will center on the
"Student in Industry" project
which will be carried on during the
summer. Ruby Turner, who worked
with the project in Los Angeles
last summer, will talk on her ex
periences. The group this summer
will be held in San Francisco. All
those interested in learning more
about it are invited to come.
Following the regular cabinet
meeting, the Y.W.C.A. will hold an
open meeting at 7 o'clock Wednes
day on the first floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
Discussion will center on the
"Student in Industry" project
which will be carried on during the
summer. Ruby Turner, who worked
with the project in Los Angeles
last summer, will talk on her ex
periences. The group this summer
will be held in San Francisco. All
those interested in learning more
about it are invited to come.
Following the regular cabinet
meeting, the Y.W.C.A. will hold an
open meeting at 7 o'clock Wednes
day on the first floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
Discussion will center on the
"Student in Industry" project
which will be carried on during the
summer. Ruby Turner, who worked
with the project in Los Angeles
last summer, will talk on her ex
periences. The group this summer
will be held in San Francisco. All
those interested in learning more
about it are invited to come.
Following the regular cabinet
meeting, the Y.W.C.A. will hold an
open meeting at 7 o'clock Wednes
day on the first floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
Discussion will center on the
"Student in Industry" project
which will be carried on during the
summer. Ruby Turner, who worked
with the project in Los Angeles
last summer, will talk on her ex
periences. The group this summer
will be held in San Francisco. All
those interested in learning more
about it are invited to come.
Following the regular cabinet
meeting, the Y.W.C.A. will hold an
open meeting at 7 o'clock Wednes
day on the first floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
Discussion will center on the
"Student in Industry" project
which will be carried on during the
summer. Ruby Turner, who worked
with the project in Los Angeles
last summer, will talk on her ex
periences. The group this summer
will be held in San Francisco. All
those interested in learning more
about it are invited to come.
Following the regular cabinet
meeting, the Y.W.C.A. will hold an
open meeting at 7 o'clock Wednes
day on the first floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
Discussion will center on the
"Student in Industry" project
which will be carried on during the
summer. Ruby Turner, who worked
with the project in Los Angeles
last summer, will talk on her ex
periences. The group this summer
will be held in San Francisco. All
those interested in learning more
about it are invited to come.
Following the regular cabinet
meeting, the Y.W.C.A. will hold an
open meeting at 7 o'clock Wednes
day on the first floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
Discussion will center on the
"Student in Industry" project
which will be carried on during the
summer. Ruby Turner, who worked
with the project in Los Angeles
last summer, will talk on her ex
periences. The group this summer
will be held in San Francisco. All
those interested in learning more
about it are invited to come.
Following the regular cabinet
meeting, the Y.W.C.A. will hold an
open meeting at 7 o'clock Wednes
day on the first floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
Discussion will center on the
"Student in Industry" project
which will be carried on during the
summer. Ruby Turner, who worked
with the project in Los Angeles
last summer, will talk on her ex
periences. The group this summer
will be held in San Francisco. All
those interested in learning more
about it are invited to come.
Following the regular cabinet
meeting, the Y.W.C.A. will hold an
open meeting at 7 o'clock Wednes
day on the first floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
Discussion will center on the
"Student in Industry" project
which will be carried on during the
summer. Ruby Turner, who worked
with the project in Los Angeles
last summer, will talk on her ex
periences. The group this summer
will be held in San Francisco. All
those interested in learning more
about it are invited to come.
Following the regular cabinet
meeting, the Y.W.C.A. will hold an
open meeting at 7 o'clock Wednes
day on the first floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
Discussion will center on the
"Student in Industry" project
which will be carried on during the
summer. Ruby Turner, who worked
with the project in Los Angeles
last summer, will talk on her ex
periences. The group this summer
will be held in San Francisco. All
those interested in learning more
about it are invited to come.
Following the regular cabinet
meeting, the Y.W.C.A. will hold an
open meeting at 7 o'clock Wednes
day on the first floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
Discussion will center on the
"Student in Industry" project
which will be carried on during the
summer. Ruby Turner, who worked
with the project in Los Angeles
last summer, will talk on her ex
periences. The group this summer
will be held in San Francisco. All
those interested in learning more
about it are invited to come.
Following the regular cabinet
meeting, the Y.W.C.A. will hold an
open meeting at 7 o'clock Wednes
day on the first floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
Discussion will center on the
"Student in Industry" project
which will be carried on during the
summer. Ruby Turner, who worked
with the project in Los Angeles
last summer, will talk on her ex
periences. The group this summer
will be held in San Francisco. All
those interested in learning more
about it are invited to come.
