# FROSH TRACK TEAM MEETS ST. IGNATIUS HERE AFTER FINALS
## 
### 
Having conic through the first two
meets in surprising fashion, the fresh
man track team will get the final ex
ams out of the way before compe
tition is resumed again in two weeks.
On Saturday morning, March 22, the
yearlings will meet the St. Ignatius
freshmen on the Old Oval track. The
Ignatians arc being coached tin's sea
son by Emerson "Bud" Spencer, the
greatest quarter-nhler who ever ran
for Stanford.
After a week's lay-off over the
spring recess the Card freshmen will
return to engage the San Francisco
All-Stars on Saturday, April 5. That
will be the last meet before the an
mial "Little Big Meet" between the
California and Stanford freshmen,
which will be held at Berkeley on
Friday afternoon, April 11.
