# FINISH PLANS FOR OUT DOOR BAND STAGE
## FUTURE RALLY SCENE New Theatrical Center to Be Located Between Two Club Houses 
### 
Culminating a scries of efforts to
secure for Stanford either an open
air bandstand, or an outdoor theater,
announcement was made today of the
completion of plans for the erection
of an open-air stage, built with facil
ities for musical or dramatic produc
tions.
Plans of Hakewell and Brown,
architects lor the University, were
approved yesterday at a meeting of
representatives of students, musical
and dramatic organizations, and the
faculty committee on public exercises.
To He Located Between Clubhouses.
Tiie site selected is the clearing
between the Union and Women's Club
House. Architects blue prints call
for the construction of a plaster and
stucco stage 32x21x24 feet in dimen
sions, with a six-foot apron. The
actual width of the stage in front
will be 32 feet. No capacity has been
set for the outdoor audience, inas
much as movable benches will be the
seating provisions, allowing of en
largement of the seating capacity at
any time.
Stanford's new theatrical center will
lie situated with the stage opening to
ward Lasuen street, on a line drawn
between the sides of the Club House
and Union farthest from the street.
Five thousand dollars has been
given by the University for construc
tion and equipment of dressing rooms
and stage. Compared with the facil
ities of the Assembly Hall, the new
structure offers a larger stage, and
the possibility of an almost unlimited
audience. As a stamping ground for
rallies, as a center for musical and
dramatic enterprise, and as a loca
tion for big University gatherings, the
outdoor project promises to fill a
long felt want.
Present plans do not provide for en
closing the grounds about the stage,
but in the event of a pay-as-you-enter
production, a temporary barrier will
be constructed.
Culminating a scries of efforts to
secure for Stanford either an open
air bandstand, or an outdoor theater,
announcement was made today of the
completion of plans for the erection
of an open-air stage, built with facil
ities for musical or dramatic produc
tions.
Plans of Hakewell and Brown,
architects lor the University, were
approved yesterday at a meeting of
representatives of students, musical
and dramatic organizations, and the
faculty committee on public exercises.
To He Located Between Clubhouses.
Tiie site selected is the clearing
between the Union and Women's Club
House. Architects blue prints call
for the construction of a plaster and
stucco stage 32x21x24 feet in dimen
sions, with a six-foot apron. The
actual width of the stage in front
will be 32 feet. No capacity has been
set for the outdoor audience, inas
much as movable benches will be the
seating provisions, allowing of en
largement of the seating capacity at
any time.
Stanford's new theatrical center will
lie situated with the stage opening to
ward Lasuen street, on a line drawn
between the sides of the Club House
and Union farthest from the street.
Five thousand dollars has been
given by the University for construc
tion and equipment of dressing rooms
and stage. Compared with the facil
ities of the Assembly Hall, the new
structure offers a larger stage, and
the possibility of an almost unlimited
audience. As a stamping ground for
rallies, as a center for musical and
dramatic enterprise, and as a loca
tion for big University gatherings, the
outdoor project promises to fill a
long felt want.
Present plans do not provide for en
closing the grounds about the stage,
but in the event of a pay-as-you-enter
production, a temporary barrier will
be constructed.
Culminating a scries of efforts to
secure for Stanford either an open
air bandstand, or an outdoor theater,
announcement was made today of the
completion of plans for the erection
of an open-air stage, built with facil
ities for musical or dramatic produc
tions.
Plans of Hakewell and Brown,
architects lor the University, were
approved yesterday at a meeting of
representatives of students, musical
and dramatic organizations, and the
faculty committee on public exercises.
To He Located Between Clubhouses.
Tiie site selected is the clearing
between the Union and Women's Club
House. Architects blue prints call
for the construction of a plaster and
stucco stage 32x21x24 feet in dimen
sions, with a six-foot apron. The
actual width of the stage in front
will be 32 feet. No capacity has been
set for the outdoor audience, inas
much as movable benches will be the
seating provisions, allowing of en
largement of the seating capacity at
any time.
Stanford's new theatrical center will
lie situated with the stage opening to
ward Lasuen street, on a line drawn
between the sides of the Club House
and Union farthest from the street.
Five thousand dollars has been
given by the University for construc
tion and equipment of dressing rooms
and stage. Compared with the facil
ities of the Assembly Hall, the new
structure offers a larger stage, and
the possibility of an almost unlimited
audience. As a stamping ground for
rallies, as a center for musical and
dramatic enterprise, and as a loca
tion for big University gatherings, the
outdoor project promises to fill a
long felt want.
Present plans do not provide for en
closing the grounds about the stage,
but in the event of a pay-as-you-enter
production, a temporary barrier will
be constructed.
Culminating a scries of efforts to
secure for Stanford either an open
air bandstand, or an outdoor theater,
announcement was made today of the
completion of plans for the erection
of an open-air stage, built with facil
ities for musical or dramatic produc
tions.
Plans of Hakewell and Brown,
architects lor the University, were
approved yesterday at a meeting of
representatives of students, musical
and dramatic organizations, and the
faculty committee on public exercises.
To He Located Between Clubhouses.
Tiie site selected is the clearing
between the Union and Women's Club
House. Architects blue prints call
for the construction of a plaster and
stucco stage 32x21x24 feet in dimen
sions, with a six-foot apron. The
actual width of the stage in front
will be 32 feet. No capacity has been
set for the outdoor audience, inas
much as movable benches will be the
seating provisions, allowing of en
largement of the seating capacity at
any time.
Stanford's new theatrical center will
lie situated with the stage opening to
ward Lasuen street, on a line drawn
between the sides of the Club House
and Union farthest from the street.
Five thousand dollars has been
given by the University for construc
tion and equipment of dressing rooms
and stage. Compared with the facil
ities of the Assembly Hall, the new
structure offers a larger stage, and
the possibility of an almost unlimited
audience. As a stamping ground for
rallies, as a center for musical and
dramatic enterprise, and as a loca
tion for big University gatherings, the
outdoor project promises to fill a
long felt want.
Present plans do not provide for en
closing the grounds about the stage,
but in the event of a pay-as-you-enter
production, a temporary barrier will
be constructed.
Culminating a scries of efforts to
secure for Stanford either an open
air bandstand, or an outdoor theater,
announcement was made today of the
completion of plans for the erection
of an open-air stage, built with facil
ities for musical or dramatic produc
tions.
Plans of Hakewell and Brown,
architects lor the University, were
approved yesterday at a meeting of
representatives of students, musical
and dramatic organizations, and the
faculty committee on public exercises.
To He Located Between Clubhouses.
Tiie site selected is the clearing
between the Union and Women's Club
House. Architects blue prints call
for the construction of a plaster and
stucco stage 32x21x24 feet in dimen
sions, with a six-foot apron. The
actual width of the stage in front
will be 32 feet. No capacity has been
set for the outdoor audience, inas
much as movable benches will be the
seating provisions, allowing of en
largement of the seating capacity at
any time.
Stanford's new theatrical center will
lie situated with the stage opening to
ward Lasuen street, on a line drawn
between the sides of the Club House
and Union farthest from the street.
Five thousand dollars has been
given by the University for construc
tion and equipment of dressing rooms
and stage. Compared with the facil
ities of the Assembly Hall, the new
structure offers a larger stage, and
the possibility of an almost unlimited
audience. As a stamping ground for
rallies, as a center for musical and
dramatic enterprise, and as a loca
tion for big University gatherings, the
outdoor project promises to fill a
long felt want.
Present plans do not provide for en
closing the grounds about the stage,
but in the event of a pay-as-you-enter
production, a temporary barrier will
be constructed.
Culminating a scries of efforts to
secure for Stanford either an open
air bandstand, or an outdoor theater,
announcement was made today of the
completion of plans for the erection
of an open-air stage, built with facil
ities for musical or dramatic produc
tions.
Plans of Hakewell and Brown,
architects lor the University, were
approved yesterday at a meeting of
representatives of students, musical
and dramatic organizations, and the
faculty committee on public exercises.
To He Located Between Clubhouses.
Tiie site selected is the clearing
between the Union and Women's Club
House. Architects blue prints call
for the construction of a plaster and
stucco stage 32x21x24 feet in dimen
sions, with a six-foot apron. The
actual width of the stage in front
will be 32 feet. No capacity has been
set for the outdoor audience, inas
much as movable benches will be the
seating provisions, allowing of en
largement of the seating capacity at
any time.
Stanford's new theatrical center will
lie situated with the stage opening to
ward Lasuen street, on a line drawn
between the sides of the Club House
and Union farthest from the street.
Five thousand dollars has been
given by the University for construc
tion and equipment of dressing rooms
and stage. Compared with the facil
ities of the Assembly Hall, the new
structure offers a larger stage, and
the possibility of an almost unlimited
audience. As a stamping ground for
rallies, as a center for musical and
dramatic enterprise, and as a loca
tion for big University gatherings, the
outdoor project promises to fill a
long felt want.
Present plans do not provide for en
closing the grounds about the stage,
but in the event of a pay-as-you-enter
production, a temporary barrier will
be constructed.
Culminating a scries of efforts to
secure for Stanford either an open
air bandstand, or an outdoor theater,
announcement was made today of the
completion of plans for the erection
of an open-air stage, built with facil
ities for musical or dramatic produc
tions.
Plans of Hakewell and Brown,
architects lor the University, were
approved yesterday at a meeting of
representatives of students, musical
and dramatic organizations, and the
faculty committee on public exercises.
To He Located Between Clubhouses.
Tiie site selected is the clearing
between the Union and Women's Club
House. Architects blue prints call
for the construction of a plaster and
stucco stage 32x21x24 feet in dimen
sions, with a six-foot apron. The
actual width of the stage in front
will be 32 feet. No capacity has been
set for the outdoor audience, inas
much as movable benches will be the
seating provisions, allowing of en
largement of the seating capacity at
any time.
Stanford's new theatrical center will
lie situated with the stage opening to
ward Lasuen street, on a line drawn
between the sides of the Club House
and Union farthest from the street.
Five thousand dollars has been
given by the University for construc
tion and equipment of dressing rooms
and stage. Compared with the facil
ities of the Assembly Hall, the new
structure offers a larger stage, and
the possibility of an almost unlimited
audience. As a stamping ground for
rallies, as a center for musical and
dramatic enterprise, and as a loca
tion for big University gatherings, the
outdoor project promises to fill a
long felt want.
Present plans do not provide for en
closing the grounds about the stage,
but in the event of a pay-as-you-enter
production, a temporary barrier will
be constructed.
Culminating a scries of efforts to
secure for Stanford either an open
air bandstand, or an outdoor theater,
announcement was made today of the
completion of plans for the erection
of an open-air stage, built with facil
ities for musical or dramatic produc
tions.
Plans of Hakewell and Brown,
architects lor the University, were
approved yesterday at a meeting of
representatives of students, musical
and dramatic organizations, and the
faculty committee on public exercises.
To He Located Between Clubhouses.
Tiie site selected is the clearing
between the Union and Women's Club
House. Architects blue prints call
for the construction of a plaster and
stucco stage 32x21x24 feet in dimen
sions, with a six-foot apron. The
actual width of the stage in front
will be 32 feet. No capacity has been
set for the outdoor audience, inas
much as movable benches will be the
seating provisions, allowing of en
largement of the seating capacity at
any time.
Stanford's new theatrical center will
lie situated with the stage opening to
ward Lasuen street, on a line drawn
between the sides of the Club House
and Union farthest from the street.
Five thousand dollars has been
given by the University for construc
tion and equipment of dressing rooms
and stage. Compared with the facil
ities of the Assembly Hall, the new
structure offers a larger stage, and
the possibility of an almost unlimited
audience. As a stamping ground for
rallies, as a center for musical and
dramatic enterprise, and as a loca
tion for big University gatherings, the
outdoor project promises to fill a
long felt want.
Present plans do not provide for en
closing the grounds about the stage,
but in the event of a pay-as-you-enter
production, a temporary barrier will
be constructed.
Culminating a scries of efforts to
secure for Stanford either an open
air bandstand, or an outdoor theater,
announcement was made today of the
completion of plans for the erection
of an open-air stage, built with facil
ities for musical or dramatic produc
tions.
Plans of Hakewell and Brown,
architects lor the University, were
approved yesterday at a meeting of
representatives of students, musical
and dramatic organizations, and the
faculty committee on public exercises.
To He Located Between Clubhouses.
Tiie site selected is the clearing
between the Union and Women's Club
House. Architects blue prints call
for the construction of a plaster and
stucco stage 32x21x24 feet in dimen
sions, with a six-foot apron. The
actual width of the stage in front
will be 32 feet. No capacity has been
set for the outdoor audience, inas
much as movable benches will be the
seating provisions, allowing of en
largement of the seating capacity at
any time.
Stanford's new theatrical center will
lie situated with the stage opening to
ward Lasuen street, on a line drawn
between the sides of the Club House
and Union farthest from the street.
Five thousand dollars has been
given by the University for construc
tion and equipment of dressing rooms
and stage. Compared with the facil
ities of the Assembly Hall, the new
structure offers a larger stage, and
the possibility of an almost unlimited
audience. As a stamping ground for
rallies, as a center for musical and
dramatic enterprise, and as a loca
tion for big University gatherings, the
outdoor project promises to fill a
long felt want.
Present plans do not provide for en
closing the grounds about the stage,
but in the event of a pay-as-you-enter
production, a temporary barrier will
be constructed.
Culminating a scries of efforts to
secure for Stanford either an open
air bandstand, or an outdoor theater,
announcement was made today of the
completion of plans for the erection
of an open-air stage, built with facil
ities for musical or dramatic produc
tions.
Plans of Hakewell and Brown,
architects lor the University, were
approved yesterday at a meeting of
representatives of students, musical
and dramatic organizations, and the
faculty committee on public exercises.
To He Located Between Clubhouses.
Tiie site selected is the clearing
between the Union and Women's Club
House. Architects blue prints call
for the construction of a plaster and
stucco stage 32x21x24 feet in dimen
sions, with a six-foot apron. The
actual width of the stage in front
will be 32 feet. No capacity has been
set for the outdoor audience, inas
much as movable benches will be the
seating provisions, allowing of en
largement of the seating capacity at
any time.
Stanford's new theatrical center will
lie situated with the stage opening to
ward Lasuen street, on a line drawn
between the sides of the Club House
and Union farthest from the street.
Five thousand dollars has been
given by the University for construc
tion and equipment of dressing rooms
and stage. Compared with the facil
ities of the Assembly Hall, the new
structure offers a larger stage, and
the possibility of an almost unlimited
audience. As a stamping ground for
rallies, as a center for musical and
dramatic enterprise, and as a loca
tion for big University gatherings, the
outdoor project promises to fill a
long felt want.
Present plans do not provide for en
closing the grounds about the stage,
but in the event of a pay-as-you-enter
production, a temporary barrier will
be constructed.
Culminating a scries of efforts to
secure for Stanford either an open
air bandstand, or an outdoor theater,
announcement was made today of the
completion of plans for the erection
of an open-air stage, built with facil
ities for musical or dramatic produc
tions.
Plans of Hakewell and Brown,
architects lor the University, were
approved yesterday at a meeting of
representatives of students, musical
and dramatic organizations, and the
faculty committee on public exercises.
To He Located Between Clubhouses.
Tiie site selected is the clearing
between the Union and Women's Club
House. Architects blue prints call
for the construction of a plaster and
stucco stage 32x21x24 feet in dimen
sions, with a six-foot apron. The
actual width of the stage in front
will be 32 feet. No capacity has been
set for the outdoor audience, inas
much as movable benches will be the
seating provisions, allowing of en
largement of the seating capacity at
any time.
Stanford's new theatrical center will
lie situated with the stage opening to
ward Lasuen street, on a line drawn
between the sides of the Club House
and Union farthest from the street.
Five thousand dollars has been
given by the University for construc
tion and equipment of dressing rooms
and stage. Compared with the facil
ities of the Assembly Hall, the new
structure offers a larger stage, and
the possibility of an almost unlimited
audience. As a stamping ground for
rallies, as a center for musical and
dramatic enterprise, and as a loca
tion for big University gatherings, the
outdoor project promises to fill a
long felt want.
Present plans do not provide for en
closing the grounds about the stage,
but in the event of a pay-as-you-enter
production, a temporary barrier will
be constructed.
Culminating a scries of efforts to
secure for Stanford either an open
air bandstand, or an outdoor theater,
announcement was made today of the
completion of plans for the erection
of an open-air stage, built with facil
ities for musical or dramatic produc
tions.
Plans of Hakewell and Brown,
architects lor the University, were
approved yesterday at a meeting of
representatives of students, musical
and dramatic organizations, and the
faculty committee on public exercises.
To He Located Between Clubhouses.
Tiie site selected is the clearing
between the Union and Women's Club
House. Architects blue prints call
for the construction of a plaster and
stucco stage 32x21x24 feet in dimen
sions, with a six-foot apron. The
actual width of the stage in front
will be 32 feet. No capacity has been
set for the outdoor audience, inas
much as movable benches will be the
seating provisions, allowing of en
largement of the seating capacity at
any time.
Stanford's new theatrical center will
lie situated with the stage opening to
ward Lasuen street, on a line drawn
between the sides of the Club House
and Union farthest from the street.
Five thousand dollars has been
given by the University for construc
tion and equipment of dressing rooms
and stage. Compared with the facil
ities of the Assembly Hall, the new
structure offers a larger stage, and
the possibility of an almost unlimited
audience. As a stamping ground for
rallies, as a center for musical and
dramatic enterprise, and as a loca
tion for big University gatherings, the
outdoor project promises to fill a
long felt want.
Present plans do not provide for en
closing the grounds about the stage,
but in the event of a pay-as-you-enter
production, a temporary barrier will
be constructed.
Culminating a scries of efforts to
secure for Stanford either an open
air bandstand, or an outdoor theater,
announcement was made today of the
completion of plans for the erection
of an open-air stage, built with facil
ities for musical or dramatic produc
tions.
Plans of Hakewell and Brown,
architects lor the University, were
approved yesterday at a meeting of
representatives of students, musical
and dramatic organizations, and the
faculty committee on public exercises.
To He Located Between Clubhouses.
Tiie site selected is the clearing
between the Union and Women's Club
House. Architects blue prints call
for the construction of a plaster and
stucco stage 32x21x24 feet in dimen
sions, with a six-foot apron. The
actual width of the stage in front
will be 32 feet. No capacity has been
set for the outdoor audience, inas
much as movable benches will be the
seating provisions, allowing of en
largement of the seating capacity at
any time.
Stanford's new theatrical center will
lie situated with the stage opening to
ward Lasuen street, on a line drawn
between the sides of the Club House
and Union farthest from the street.
Five thousand dollars has been
given by the University for construc
tion and equipment of dressing rooms
and stage. Compared with the facil
ities of the Assembly Hall, the new
structure offers a larger stage, and
the possibility of an almost unlimited
audience. As a stamping ground for
rallies, as a center for musical and
dramatic enterprise, and as a loca
tion for big University gatherings, the
outdoor project promises to fill a
long felt want.
Present plans do not provide for en
closing the grounds about the stage,
but in the event of a pay-as-you-enter
production, a temporary barrier will
be constructed.
Culminating a scries of efforts to
secure for Stanford either an open
air bandstand, or an outdoor theater,
announcement was made today of the
completion of plans for the erection
of an open-air stage, built with facil
ities for musical or dramatic produc
tions.
Plans of Hakewell and Brown,
architects lor the University, were
approved yesterday at a meeting of
representatives of students, musical
and dramatic organizations, and the
faculty committee on public exercises.
To He Located Between Clubhouses.
Tiie site selected is the clearing
between the Union and Women's Club
House. Architects blue prints call
for the construction of a plaster and
stucco stage 32x21x24 feet in dimen
sions, with a six-foot apron. The
actual width of the stage in front
will be 32 feet. No capacity has been
set for the outdoor audience, inas
much as movable benches will be the
seating provisions, allowing of en
largement of the seating capacity at
any time.
Stanford's new theatrical center will
lie situated with the stage opening to
ward Lasuen street, on a line drawn
between the sides of the Club House
and Union farthest from the street.
Five thousand dollars has been
given by the University for construc
tion and equipment of dressing rooms
and stage. Compared with the facil
ities of the Assembly Hall, the new
structure offers a larger stage, and
the possibility of an almost unlimited
audience. As a stamping ground for
rallies, as a center for musical and
dramatic enterprise, and as a loca
tion for big University gatherings, the
outdoor project promises to fill a
long felt want.
Present plans do not provide for en
closing the grounds about the stage,
but in the event of a pay-as-you-enter
production, a temporary barrier will
be constructed.
