# AWARDS DATES FOR CHARITY FUNDS
## 
### 
Stanford Social Service Board have
approved of certain campaigns for
contributions and have limited the
time for these funds to certain re
stricted dates. No soliciting on the
University campus can be carried on
without the consent of this board,
which was organized last year, after
the campus had suffered from many
schemes from outside organizations.
Pellissier Memorial committee have
been granted until November 7 to
raise $1000.00. The plan of the com
mittee is to raise money to purchase
an ambulance and maintain it in
France for a year in honor of the
memory of the late Assistant Profes
sor Pellissier.
Y. M. C. A. soliciting of pledges is
to be restricted to the third week in
November. They plan to raise money
for their work on the campus and
also for the support of E. H. Lock
wood's work in China.
December has been assigned to the
local branch of the Auxiliary to the
Stanford Clinics, during which time
they will endeavor to raise their an
nual contribution of $360.00.
February is alloted to the Young
Women's Christian Association for
their pledge seeking. 1 It
Stanford Social Service Board have
approved of certain campaigns for
contributions and have limited the
time for these funds to certain re
stricted dates. No soliciting on the
University campus can be carried on
without the consent of this board,
which was organized last year, after
the campus had suffered from many
schemes from outside organizations.
Pellissier Memorial committee have
been granted until November 7 to
raise $1000.00. The plan of the com
mittee is to raise money to purchase
an ambulance and maintain it in
France for a year in honor of the
memory of the late Assistant Profes
sor Pellissier.
Y. M. C. A. soliciting of pledges is
to be restricted to the third week in
November. They plan to raise money
for their work on the campus and
also for the support of E. H. Lock
wood's work in China.
December has been assigned to the
local branch of the Auxiliary to the
Stanford Clinics, during which time
they will endeavor to raise their an
nual contribution of $360.00.
February is alloted to the Young
Women's Christian Association for
their pledge seeking. 1 It
Stanford Social Service Board have
approved of certain campaigns for
contributions and have limited the
time for these funds to certain re
stricted dates. No soliciting on the
University campus can be carried on
without the consent of this board,
which was organized last year, after
the campus had suffered from many
schemes from outside organizations.
Pellissier Memorial committee have
been granted until November 7 to
raise $1000.00. The plan of the com
mittee is to raise money to purchase
an ambulance and maintain it in
France for a year in honor of the
memory of the late Assistant Profes
sor Pellissier.
Y. M. C. A. soliciting of pledges is
to be restricted to the third week in
November. They plan to raise money
for their work on the campus and
also for the support of E. H. Lock
wood's work in China.
December has been assigned to the
local branch of the Auxiliary to the
Stanford Clinics, during which time
they will endeavor to raise their an
nual contribution of $360.00.
February is alloted to the Young
Women's Christian Association for
their pledge seeking. 1 It
Stanford Social Service Board have
approved of certain campaigns for
contributions and have limited the
time for these funds to certain re
stricted dates. No soliciting on the
University campus can be carried on
without the consent of this board,
which was organized last year, after
the campus had suffered from many
schemes from outside organizations.
Pellissier Memorial committee have
been granted until November 7 to
raise $1000.00. The plan of the com
mittee is to raise money to purchase
an ambulance and maintain it in
France for a year in honor of the
memory of the late Assistant Profes
sor Pellissier.
Y. M. C. A. soliciting of pledges is
to be restricted to the third week in
November. They plan to raise money
for their work on the campus and
also for the support of E. H. Lock
wood's work in China.
December has been assigned to the
local branch of the Auxiliary to the
Stanford Clinics, during which time
they will endeavor to raise their an
nual contribution of $360.00.
February is alloted to the Young
Women's Christian Association for
their pledge seeking. 1 It
Stanford Social Service Board have
approved of certain campaigns for
contributions and have limited the
time for these funds to certain re
stricted dates. No soliciting on the
University campus can be carried on
without the consent of this board,
which was organized last year, after
the campus had suffered from many
schemes from outside organizations.
Pellissier Memorial committee have
been granted until November 7 to
raise $1000.00. The plan of the com
mittee is to raise money to purchase
an ambulance and maintain it in
France for a year in honor of the
memory of the late Assistant Profes
sor Pellissier.
Y. M. C. A. soliciting of pledges is
to be restricted to the third week in
November. They plan to raise money
for their work on the campus and
also for the support of E. H. Lock
wood's work in China.
December has been assigned to the
local branch of the Auxiliary to the
Stanford Clinics, during which time
they will endeavor to raise their an
nual contribution of $360.00.
February is alloted to the Young
Women's Christian Association for
their pledge seeking. 1 It
Stanford Social Service Board have
approved of certain campaigns for
contributions and have limited the
time for these funds to certain re
stricted dates. No soliciting on the
University campus can be carried on
without the consent of this board,
which was organized last year, after
the campus had suffered from many
schemes from outside organizations.
Pellissier Memorial committee have
been granted until November 7 to
raise $1000.00. The plan of the com
mittee is to raise money to purchase
an ambulance and maintain it in
France for a year in honor of the
memory of the late Assistant Profes
sor Pellissier.
Y. M. C. A. soliciting of pledges is
to be restricted to the third week in
November. They plan to raise money
for their work on the campus and
also for the support of E. H. Lock
wood's work in China.
December has been assigned to the
local branch of the Auxiliary to the
Stanford Clinics, during which time
they will endeavor to raise their an
nual contribution of $360.00.
February is alloted to the Young
Women's Christian Association for
their pledge seeking. 1 It
Stanford Social Service Board have
approved of certain campaigns for
contributions and have limited the
time for these funds to certain re
stricted dates. No soliciting on the
University campus can be carried on
without the consent of this board,
which was organized last year, after
the campus had suffered from many
schemes from outside organizations.
Pellissier Memorial committee have
been granted until November 7 to
raise $1000.00. The plan of the com
mittee is to raise money to purchase
an ambulance and maintain it in
France for a year in honor of the
memory of the late Assistant Profes
sor Pellissier.
Y. M. C. A. soliciting of pledges is
to be restricted to the third week in
November. They plan to raise money
for their work on the campus and
also for the support of E. H. Lock
wood's work in China.
December has been assigned to the
local branch of the Auxiliary to the
Stanford Clinics, during which time
they will endeavor to raise their an
nual contribution of $360.00.
February is alloted to the Young
Women's Christian Association for
their pledge seeking. 1 It
Stanford Social Service Board have
approved of certain campaigns for
contributions and have limited the
time for these funds to certain re
stricted dates. No soliciting on the
University campus can be carried on
without the consent of this board,
which was organized last year, after
the campus had suffered from many
schemes from outside organizations.
Pellissier Memorial committee have
been granted until November 7 to
raise $1000.00. The plan of the com
mittee is to raise money to purchase
an ambulance and maintain it in
France for a year in honor of the
memory of the late Assistant Profes
sor Pellissier.
Y. M. C. A. soliciting of pledges is
to be restricted to the third week in
November. They plan to raise money
for their work on the campus and
also for the support of E. H. Lock
wood's work in China.
December has been assigned to the
local branch of the Auxiliary to the
Stanford Clinics, during which time
they will endeavor to raise their an
nual contribution of $360.00.
February is alloted to the Young
Women's Christian Association for
their pledge seeking. 1 It
Stanford Social Service Board have
approved of certain campaigns for
contributions and have limited the
time for these funds to certain re
stricted dates. No soliciting on the
University campus can be carried on
without the consent of this board,
which was organized last year, after
the campus had suffered from many
schemes from outside organizations.
Pellissier Memorial committee have
been granted until November 7 to
raise $1000.00. The plan of the com
mittee is to raise money to purchase
an ambulance and maintain it in
France for a year in honor of the
memory of the late Assistant Profes
sor Pellissier.
Y. M. C. A. soliciting of pledges is
to be restricted to the third week in
November. They plan to raise money
for their work on the campus and
also for the support of E. H. Lock
wood's work in China.
December has been assigned to the
local branch of the Auxiliary to the
Stanford Clinics, during which time
they will endeavor to raise their an
nual contribution of $360.00.
February is alloted to the Young
Women's Christian Association for
their pledge seeking. 1 It
Stanford Social Service Board have
approved of certain campaigns for
contributions and have limited the
time for these funds to certain re
stricted dates. No soliciting on the
University campus can be carried on
without the consent of this board,
which was organized last year, after
the campus had suffered from many
schemes from outside organizations.
Pellissier Memorial committee have
been granted until November 7 to
raise $1000.00. The plan of the com
mittee is to raise money to purchase
an ambulance and maintain it in
France for a year in honor of the
memory of the late Assistant Profes
sor Pellissier.
Y. M. C. A. soliciting of pledges is
to be restricted to the third week in
November. They plan to raise money
for their work on the campus and
also for the support of E. H. Lock
wood's work in China.
December has been assigned to the
local branch of the Auxiliary to the
Stanford Clinics, during which time
they will endeavor to raise their an
nual contribution of $360.00.
February is alloted to the Young
Women's Christian Association for
their pledge seeking. 1 It
Stanford Social Service Board have
approved of certain campaigns for
contributions and have limited the
time for these funds to certain re
stricted dates. No soliciting on the
University campus can be carried on
without the consent of this board,
which was organized last year, after
the campus had suffered from many
schemes from outside organizations.
Pellissier Memorial committee have
been granted until November 7 to
raise $1000.00. The plan of the com
mittee is to raise money to purchase
an ambulance and maintain it in
France for a year in honor of the
memory of the late Assistant Profes
sor Pellissier.
Y. M. C. A. soliciting of pledges is
to be restricted to the third week in
November. They plan to raise money
for their work on the campus and
also for the support of E. H. Lock
wood's work in China.
December has been assigned to the
local branch of the Auxiliary to the
Stanford Clinics, during which time
they will endeavor to raise their an
nual contribution of $360.00.
February is alloted to the Young
Women's Christian Association for
their pledge seeking. 1 It
Stanford Social Service Board have
approved of certain campaigns for
contributions and have limited the
time for these funds to certain re
stricted dates. No soliciting on the
University campus can be carried on
without the consent of this board,
which was organized last year, after
the campus had suffered from many
schemes from outside organizations.
Pellissier Memorial committee have
been granted until November 7 to
raise $1000.00. The plan of the com
mittee is to raise money to purchase
an ambulance and maintain it in
France for a year in honor of the
memory of the late Assistant Profes
sor Pellissier.
Y. M. C. A. soliciting of pledges is
to be restricted to the third week in
November. They plan to raise money
for their work on the campus and
also for the support of E. H. Lock
wood's work in China.
December has been assigned to the
local branch of the Auxiliary to the
Stanford Clinics, during which time
they will endeavor to raise their an
nual contribution of $360.00.
February is alloted to the Young
Women's Christian Association for
their pledge seeking. 1 It
Stanford Social Service Board have
approved of certain campaigns for
contributions and have limited the
time for these funds to certain re
stricted dates. No soliciting on the
University campus can be carried on
without the consent of this board,
which was organized last year, after
the campus had suffered from many
schemes from outside organizations.
Pellissier Memorial committee have
been granted until November 7 to
raise $1000.00. The plan of the com
mittee is to raise money to purchase
an ambulance and maintain it in
France for a year in honor of the
memory of the late Assistant Profes
sor Pellissier.
Y. M. C. A. soliciting of pledges is
to be restricted to the third week in
November. They plan to raise money
for their work on the campus and
also for the support of E. H. Lock
wood's work in China.
December has been assigned to the
local branch of the Auxiliary to the
Stanford Clinics, during which time
they will endeavor to raise their an
nual contribution of $360.00.
February is alloted to the Young
Women's Christian Association for
their pledge seeking. 1 It
Stanford Social Service Board have
approved of certain campaigns for
contributions and have limited the
time for these funds to certain re
stricted dates. No soliciting on the
University campus can be carried on
without the consent of this board,
which was organized last year, after
the campus had suffered from many
schemes from outside organizations.
Pellissier Memorial committee have
been granted until November 7 to
raise $1000.00. The plan of the com
mittee is to raise money to purchase
an ambulance and maintain it in
France for a year in honor of the
memory of the late Assistant Profes
sor Pellissier.
Y. M. C. A. soliciting of pledges is
to be restricted to the third week in
November. They plan to raise money
for their work on the campus and
also for the support of E. H. Lock
wood's work in China.
December has been assigned to the
local branch of the Auxiliary to the
Stanford Clinics, during which time
they will endeavor to raise their an
nual contribution of $360.00.
February is alloted to the Young
Women's Christian Association for
their pledge seeking. 1 It
