# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
! chill in
i! • o
I The air 9
rMI
( I
> SLIP !?®T©
A WARM
chenille
| robe
3 98
Forget the cold as you wrap
its wormth about you! It's so
furry-looking with its row upon
row of closely-tufted chenille.
So pretty with its gay contrast
ing trims! And washable, too,
with no ironing necessary!
You'll agree it's the prettiest,
most practical robe you could
own at this price. Sizes 14-44.
| I Un'i/crsify Ave. Phone 9063
! chill in
i! • o
I The air 9
rMI
( I
> SLIP !?®T©
A WARM
chenille
| robe
3 98
Forget the cold as you wrap
its wormth about you! It's so
furry-looking with its row upon
row of closely-tufted chenille.
So pretty with its gay contrast
ing trims! And washable, too,
with no ironing necessary!
You'll agree it's the prettiest,
most practical robe you could
own at this price. Sizes 14-44.
| I Un'i/crsify Ave. Phone 9063
! chill in
i! • o
I The air 9
rMI
( I
> SLIP !?®T©
A WARM
chenille
| robe
3 98
Forget the cold as you wrap
its wormth about you! It's so
furry-looking with its row upon
row of closely-tufted chenille.
So pretty with its gay contrast
ing trims! And washable, too,
with no ironing necessary!
You'll agree it's the prettiest,
most practical robe you could
own at this price. Sizes 14-44.
| I Un'i/crsify Ave. Phone 9063
! chill in
i! • o
I The air 9
rMI
( I
> SLIP !?®T©
A WARM
chenille
| robe
3 98
Forget the cold as you wrap
its wormth about you! It's so
furry-looking with its row upon
row of closely-tufted chenille.
So pretty with its gay contrast
ing trims! And washable, too,
with no ironing necessary!
You'll agree it's the prettiest,
most practical robe you could
own at this price. Sizes 14-44.
| I Un'i/crsify Ave. Phone 9063
! chill in
i! • o
I The air 9
rMI
( I
> SLIP !?®T©
A WARM
chenille
| robe
3 98
Forget the cold as you wrap
its wormth about you! It's so
furry-looking with its row upon
row of closely-tufted chenille.
So pretty with its gay contrast
ing trims! And washable, too,
with no ironing necessary!
You'll agree it's the prettiest,
most practical robe you could
own at this price. Sizes 14-44.
| I Un'i/crsify Ave. Phone 9063
! chill in
i! • o
I The air 9
rMI
( I
> SLIP !?®T©
A WARM
chenille
| robe
3 98
Forget the cold as you wrap
its wormth about you! It's so
furry-looking with its row upon
row of closely-tufted chenille.
So pretty with its gay contrast
ing trims! And washable, too,
with no ironing necessary!
You'll agree it's the prettiest,
most practical robe you could
own at this price. Sizes 14-44.
| I Un'i/crsify Ave. Phone 9063
! chill in
i! • o
I The air 9
rMI
( I
> SLIP !?®T©
A WARM
chenille
| robe
3 98
Forget the cold as you wrap
its wormth about you! It's so
furry-looking with its row upon
row of closely-tufted chenille.
So pretty with its gay contrast
ing trims! And washable, too,
with no ironing necessary!
You'll agree it's the prettiest,
most practical robe you could
own at this price. Sizes 14-44.
| I Un'i/crsify Ave. Phone 9063
! chill in
i! • o
I The air 9
rMI
( I
> SLIP !?®T©
A WARM
chenille
| robe
3 98
Forget the cold as you wrap
its wormth about you! It's so
furry-looking with its row upon
row of closely-tufted chenille.
So pretty with its gay contrast
ing trims! And washable, too,
with no ironing necessary!
You'll agree it's the prettiest,
most practical robe you could
own at this price. Sizes 14-44.
| I Un'i/crsify Ave. Phone 9063
! chill in
i! • o
I The air 9
rMI
( I
> SLIP !?®T©
A WARM
chenille
| robe
3 98
Forget the cold as you wrap
its wormth about you! It's so
furry-looking with its row upon
row of closely-tufted chenille.
So pretty with its gay contrast
ing trims! And washable, too,
with no ironing necessary!
You'll agree it's the prettiest,
most practical robe you could
own at this price. Sizes 14-44.
| I Un'i/crsify Ave. Phone 9063
! chill in
i! • o
I The air 9
rMI
( I
> SLIP !?®T©
A WARM
chenille
| robe
3 98
Forget the cold as you wrap
its wormth about you! It's so
furry-looking with its row upon
row of closely-tufted chenille.
So pretty with its gay contrast
ing trims! And washable, too,
with no ironing necessary!
You'll agree it's the prettiest,
most practical robe you could
own at this price. Sizes 14-44.
| I Un'i/crsify Ave. Phone 9063
! chill in
i! • o
I The air 9
rMI
( I
> SLIP !?®T©
A WARM
chenille
| robe
3 98
Forget the cold as you wrap
its wormth about you! It's so
furry-looking with its row upon
row of closely-tufted chenille.
So pretty with its gay contrast
ing trims! And washable, too,
with no ironing necessary!
You'll agree it's the prettiest,
most practical robe you could
own at this price. Sizes 14-44.
| I Un'i/crsify Ave. Phone 9063
! chill in
i! • o
I The air 9
rMI
( I
> SLIP !?®T©
A WARM
chenille
| robe
3 98
Forget the cold as you wrap
its wormth about you! It's so
furry-looking with its row upon
row of closely-tufted chenille.
So pretty with its gay contrast
ing trims! And washable, too,
with no ironing necessary!
You'll agree it's the prettiest,
most practical robe you could
own at this price. Sizes 14-44.
| I Un'i/crsify Ave. Phone 9063
! chill in
i! • o
I The air 9
rMI
( I
> SLIP !?®T©
A WARM
chenille
| robe
3 98
Forget the cold as you wrap
its wormth about you! It's so
furry-looking with its row upon
row of closely-tufted chenille.
So pretty with its gay contrast
ing trims! And washable, too,
with no ironing necessary!
You'll agree it's the prettiest,
most practical robe you could
own at this price. Sizes 14-44.
| I Un'i/crsify Ave. Phone 9063
! chill in
i! • o
I The air 9
rMI
( I
> SLIP !?®T©
A WARM
chenille
| robe
3 98
Forget the cold as you wrap
its wormth about you! It's so
furry-looking with its row upon
row of closely-tufted chenille.
So pretty with its gay contrast
ing trims! And washable, too,
with no ironing necessary!
You'll agree it's the prettiest,
most practical robe you could
own at this price. Sizes 14-44.
| I Un'i/crsify Ave. Phone 9063
! chill in
i! • o
I The air 9
rMI
( I
> SLIP !?®T©
A WARM
chenille
| robe
3 98
Forget the cold as you wrap
its wormth about you! It's so
furry-looking with its row upon
row of closely-tufted chenille.
So pretty with its gay contrast
ing trims! And washable, too,
with no ironing necessary!
You'll agree it's the prettiest,
most practical robe you could
own at this price. Sizes 14-44.
| I Un'i/crsify Ave. Phone 9063
! chill in
i! • o
I The air 9
rMI
( I
> SLIP !?®T©
A WARM
chenille
| robe
3 98
Forget the cold as you wrap
its wormth about you! It's so
furry-looking with its row upon
row of closely-tufted chenille.
So pretty with its gay contrast
ing trims! And washable, too,
with no ironing necessary!
You'll agree it's the prettiest,
most practical robe you could
own at this price. Sizes 14-44.
| I Un'i/crsify Ave. Phone 9063
! chill in
i! • o
I The air 9
rMI
( I
> SLIP !?®T©
A WARM
chenille
| robe
3 98
Forget the cold as you wrap
its wormth about you! It's so
furry-looking with its row upon
row of closely-tufted chenille.
So pretty with its gay contrast
ing trims! And washable, too,
with no ironing necessary!
You'll agree it's the prettiest,
most practical robe you could
own at this price. Sizes 14-44.
| I Un'i/crsify Ave. Phone 9063
! chill in
i! • o
I The air 9
rMI
( I
> SLIP !?®T©
A WARM
chenille
| robe
3 98
Forget the cold as you wrap
its wormth about you! It's so
furry-looking with its row upon
row of closely-tufted chenille.
So pretty with its gay contrast
ing trims! And washable, too,
with no ironing necessary!
You'll agree it's the prettiest,
most practical robe you could
own at this price. Sizes 14-44.
| I Un'i/crsify Ave. Phone 9063
