# MAJOR FRONTS IN SOUTH PACIFIC
## 
### 

(Acme Tele photo)
THREE IMPORTANT RINGS of the Pacific battle arena are shown here. (1) is the Lae area in New Britain,
where U.S. bombers arc landing heavy blows; (2) is Guadalcanal, where Japs and Americans are slugging it
out bitterly; (.'J) indicates the Japanese attempt at a Naval thrust north of the Fiii Islands.

(Acme Tele photo)
THREE IMPORTANT RINGS of the Pacific battle arena are shown here. (1) is the Lae area in New Britain,
where U.S. bombers arc landing heavy blows; (2) is Guadalcanal, where Japs and Americans are slugging it
out bitterly; (.'J) indicates the Japanese attempt at a Naval thrust north of the Fiii Islands.

(Acme Tele photo)
THREE IMPORTANT RINGS of the Pacific battle arena are shown here. (1) is the Lae area in New Britain,
where U.S. bombers arc landing heavy blows; (2) is Guadalcanal, where Japs and Americans are slugging it
out bitterly; (.'J) indicates the Japanese attempt at a Naval thrust north of the Fiii Islands.

(Acme Tele photo)
THREE IMPORTANT RINGS of the Pacific battle arena are shown here. (1) is the Lae area in New Britain,
where U.S. bombers arc landing heavy blows; (2) is Guadalcanal, where Japs and Americans are slugging it
out bitterly; (.'J) indicates the Japanese attempt at a Naval thrust north of the Fiii Islands.

(Acme Tele photo)
THREE IMPORTANT RINGS of the Pacific battle arena are shown here. (1) is the Lae area in New Britain,
where U.S. bombers arc landing heavy blows; (2) is Guadalcanal, where Japs and Americans are slugging it
out bitterly; (.'J) indicates the Japanese attempt at a Naval thrust north of the Fiii Islands.

(Acme Tele photo)
THREE IMPORTANT RINGS of the Pacific battle arena are shown here. (1) is the Lae area in New Britain,
where U.S. bombers arc landing heavy blows; (2) is Guadalcanal, where Japs and Americans are slugging it
out bitterly; (.'J) indicates the Japanese attempt at a Naval thrust north of the Fiii Islands.

(Acme Tele photo)
THREE IMPORTANT RINGS of the Pacific battle arena are shown here. (1) is the Lae area in New Britain,
where U.S. bombers arc landing heavy blows; (2) is Guadalcanal, where Japs and Americans are slugging it
out bitterly; (.'J) indicates the Japanese attempt at a Naval thrust north of the Fiii Islands.

(Acme Tele photo)
THREE IMPORTANT RINGS of the Pacific battle arena are shown here. (1) is the Lae area in New Britain,
where U.S. bombers arc landing heavy blows; (2) is Guadalcanal, where Japs and Americans are slugging it
out bitterly; (.'J) indicates the Japanese attempt at a Naval thrust north of the Fiii Islands.

(Acme Tele photo)
THREE IMPORTANT RINGS of the Pacific battle arena are shown here. (1) is the Lae area in New Britain,
where U.S. bombers arc landing heavy blows; (2) is Guadalcanal, where Japs and Americans are slugging it
out bitterly; (.'J) indicates the Japanese attempt at a Naval thrust north of the Fiii Islands.

(Acme Tele photo)
THREE IMPORTANT RINGS of the Pacific battle arena are shown here. (1) is the Lae area in New Britain,
where U.S. bombers arc landing heavy blows; (2) is Guadalcanal, where Japs and Americans are slugging it
out bitterly; (.'J) indicates the Japanese attempt at a Naval thrust north of the Fiii Islands.

(Acme Tele photo)
THREE IMPORTANT RINGS of the Pacific battle arena are shown here. (1) is the Lae area in New Britain,
where U.S. bombers arc landing heavy blows; (2) is Guadalcanal, where Japs and Americans are slugging it
out bitterly; (.'J) indicates the Japanese attempt at a Naval thrust north of the Fiii Islands.

(Acme Tele photo)
THREE IMPORTANT RINGS of the Pacific battle arena are shown here. (1) is the Lae area in New Britain,
where U.S. bombers arc landing heavy blows; (2) is Guadalcanal, where Japs and Americans are slugging it
out bitterly; (.'J) indicates the Japanese attempt at a Naval thrust north of the Fiii Islands.

(Acme Tele photo)
THREE IMPORTANT RINGS of the Pacific battle arena are shown here. (1) is the Lae area in New Britain,
where U.S. bombers arc landing heavy blows; (2) is Guadalcanal, where Japs and Americans are slugging it
out bitterly; (.'J) indicates the Japanese attempt at a Naval thrust north of the Fiii Islands.

(Acme Tele photo)
THREE IMPORTANT RINGS of the Pacific battle arena are shown here. (1) is the Lae area in New Britain,
where U.S. bombers arc landing heavy blows; (2) is Guadalcanal, where Japs and Americans are slugging it
out bitterly; (.'J) indicates the Japanese attempt at a Naval thrust north of the Fiii Islands.

(Acme Tele photo)
THREE IMPORTANT RINGS of the Pacific battle arena are shown here. (1) is the Lae area in New Britain,
where U.S. bombers arc landing heavy blows; (2) is Guadalcanal, where Japs and Americans are slugging it
out bitterly; (.'J) indicates the Japanese attempt at a Naval thrust north of the Fiii Islands.

(Acme Tele photo)
THREE IMPORTANT RINGS of the Pacific battle arena are shown here. (1) is the Lae area in New Britain,
where U.S. bombers arc landing heavy blows; (2) is Guadalcanal, where Japs and Americans are slugging it
out bitterly; (.'J) indicates the Japanese attempt at a Naval thrust north of the Fiii Islands.

(Acme Tele photo)
THREE IMPORTANT RINGS of the Pacific battle arena are shown here. (1) is the Lae area in New Britain,
where U.S. bombers arc landing heavy blows; (2) is Guadalcanal, where Japs and Americans are slugging it
out bitterly; (.'J) indicates the Japanese attempt at a Naval thrust north of the Fiii Islands.

(Acme Tele photo)
THREE IMPORTANT RINGS of the Pacific battle arena are shown here. (1) is the Lae area in New Britain,
where U.S. bombers arc landing heavy blows; (2) is Guadalcanal, where Japs and Americans are slugging it
out bitterly; (.'J) indicates the Japanese attempt at a Naval thrust north of the Fiii Islands.
