# St. Louis Upsets Loyola Lions, 20-6
## 
### 
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 1 (U.R)— I The St.
Tlio St. Louis University Billikens
today upset favored Loyola of Los
Angeles, 20 to 6, before a crowd of
(5,545 in Walsh Stadium.
Superb passing and running of
halfback Herm Will were the decisive
factors in the game played in ideal
football weaiher. Will furnished the
highlight of the game when he took
the opening kickoff of the second
half on the goal line and raced the
length of the field for St. Louis'
srcond touchdown.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 1 (U.R)— I The St.
Tlio St. Louis University Billikens
today upset favored Loyola of Los
Angeles, 20 to 6, before a crowd of
(5,545 in Walsh Stadium.
Superb passing and running of
halfback Herm Will were the decisive
factors in the game played in ideal
football weaiher. Will furnished the
highlight of the game when he took
the opening kickoff of the second
half on the goal line and raced the
length of the field for St. Louis'
srcond touchdown.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 1 (U.R)— I The St.
Tlio St. Louis University Billikens
today upset favored Loyola of Los
Angeles, 20 to 6, before a crowd of
(5,545 in Walsh Stadium.
Superb passing and running of
halfback Herm Will were the decisive
factors in the game played in ideal
football weaiher. Will furnished the
highlight of the game when he took
the opening kickoff of the second
half on the goal line and raced the
length of the field for St. Louis'
srcond touchdown.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 1 (U.R)— I The St.
Tlio St. Louis University Billikens
today upset favored Loyola of Los
Angeles, 20 to 6, before a crowd of
(5,545 in Walsh Stadium.
Superb passing and running of
halfback Herm Will were the decisive
factors in the game played in ideal
football weaiher. Will furnished the
highlight of the game when he took
the opening kickoff of the second
half on the goal line and raced the
length of the field for St. Louis'
srcond touchdown.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 1 (U.R)— I The St.
Tlio St. Louis University Billikens
today upset favored Loyola of Los
Angeles, 20 to 6, before a crowd of
(5,545 in Walsh Stadium.
Superb passing and running of
halfback Herm Will were the decisive
factors in the game played in ideal
football weaiher. Will furnished the
highlight of the game when he took
the opening kickoff of the second
half on the goal line and raced the
length of the field for St. Louis'
srcond touchdown.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 1 (U.R)— I The St.
Tlio St. Louis University Billikens
today upset favored Loyola of Los
Angeles, 20 to 6, before a crowd of
(5,545 in Walsh Stadium.
Superb passing and running of
halfback Herm Will were the decisive
factors in the game played in ideal
football weaiher. Will furnished the
highlight of the game when he took
the opening kickoff of the second
half on the goal line and raced the
length of the field for St. Louis'
srcond touchdown.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 1 (U.R)— I The St.
Tlio St. Louis University Billikens
today upset favored Loyola of Los
Angeles, 20 to 6, before a crowd of
(5,545 in Walsh Stadium.
Superb passing and running of
halfback Herm Will were the decisive
factors in the game played in ideal
football weaiher. Will furnished the
highlight of the game when he took
the opening kickoff of the second
half on the goal line and raced the
length of the field for St. Louis'
srcond touchdown.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 1 (U.R)— I The St.
Tlio St. Louis University Billikens
today upset favored Loyola of Los
Angeles, 20 to 6, before a crowd of
(5,545 in Walsh Stadium.
Superb passing and running of
halfback Herm Will were the decisive
factors in the game played in ideal
football weaiher. Will furnished the
highlight of the game when he took
the opening kickoff of the second
half on the goal line and raced the
length of the field for St. Louis'
srcond touchdown.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 1 (U.R)— I The St.
Tlio St. Louis University Billikens
today upset favored Loyola of Los
Angeles, 20 to 6, before a crowd of
(5,545 in Walsh Stadium.
Superb passing and running of
halfback Herm Will were the decisive
factors in the game played in ideal
football weaiher. Will furnished the
highlight of the game when he took
the opening kickoff of the second
half on the goal line and raced the
length of the field for St. Louis'
srcond touchdown.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 1 (U.R)— I The St.
Tlio St. Louis University Billikens
today upset favored Loyola of Los
Angeles, 20 to 6, before a crowd of
(5,545 in Walsh Stadium.
Superb passing and running of
halfback Herm Will were the decisive
factors in the game played in ideal
football weaiher. Will furnished the
highlight of the game when he took
the opening kickoff of the second
half on the goal line and raced the
length of the field for St. Louis'
srcond touchdown.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 1 (U.R)— I The St.
Tlio St. Louis University Billikens
today upset favored Loyola of Los
Angeles, 20 to 6, before a crowd of
(5,545 in Walsh Stadium.
Superb passing and running of
halfback Herm Will were the decisive
factors in the game played in ideal
football weaiher. Will furnished the
highlight of the game when he took
the opening kickoff of the second
half on the goal line and raced the
length of the field for St. Louis'
srcond touchdown.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 1 (U.R)— I The St.
Tlio St. Louis University Billikens
today upset favored Loyola of Los
Angeles, 20 to 6, before a crowd of
(5,545 in Walsh Stadium.
Superb passing and running of
halfback Herm Will were the decisive
factors in the game played in ideal
football weaiher. Will furnished the
highlight of the game when he took
the opening kickoff of the second
half on the goal line and raced the
length of the field for St. Louis'
srcond touchdown.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 1 (U.R)— I The St.
Tlio St. Louis University Billikens
today upset favored Loyola of Los
Angeles, 20 to 6, before a crowd of
(5,545 in Walsh Stadium.
Superb passing and running of
halfback Herm Will were the decisive
factors in the game played in ideal
football weaiher. Will furnished the
highlight of the game when he took
the opening kickoff of the second
half on the goal line and raced the
length of the field for St. Louis'
srcond touchdown.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 1 (U.R)— I The St.
Tlio St. Louis University Billikens
today upset favored Loyola of Los
Angeles, 20 to 6, before a crowd of
(5,545 in Walsh Stadium.
Superb passing and running of
halfback Herm Will were the decisive
factors in the game played in ideal
football weaiher. Will furnished the
highlight of the game when he took
the opening kickoff of the second
half on the goal line and raced the
length of the field for St. Louis'
srcond touchdown.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 1 (U.R)— I The St.
Tlio St. Louis University Billikens
today upset favored Loyola of Los
Angeles, 20 to 6, before a crowd of
(5,545 in Walsh Stadium.
Superb passing and running of
halfback Herm Will were the decisive
factors in the game played in ideal
football weaiher. Will furnished the
highlight of the game when he took
the opening kickoff of the second
half on the goal line and raced the
length of the field for St. Louis'
srcond touchdown.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 1 (U.R)— I The St.
Tlio St. Louis University Billikens
today upset favored Loyola of Los
Angeles, 20 to 6, before a crowd of
(5,545 in Walsh Stadium.
Superb passing and running of
halfback Herm Will were the decisive
factors in the game played in ideal
football weaiher. Will furnished the
highlight of the game when he took
the opening kickoff of the second
half on the goal line and raced the
length of the field for St. Louis'
srcond touchdown.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 1 (U.R)— I The St.
Tlio St. Louis University Billikens
today upset favored Loyola of Los
Angeles, 20 to 6, before a crowd of
(5,545 in Walsh Stadium.
Superb passing and running of
halfback Herm Will were the decisive
factors in the game played in ideal
football weaiher. Will furnished the
highlight of the game when he took
the opening kickoff of the second
half on the goal line and raced the
length of the field for St. Louis'
srcond touchdown.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 1 (U.R)— I The St.
Tlio St. Louis University Billikens
today upset favored Loyola of Los
Angeles, 20 to 6, before a crowd of
(5,545 in Walsh Stadium.
Superb passing and running of
halfback Herm Will were the decisive
factors in the game played in ideal
football weaiher. Will furnished the
highlight of the game when he took
the opening kickoff of the second
half on the goal line and raced the
length of the field for St. Louis'
srcond touchdown.
