# Former Fight Star Dies in New York
## 
### 
NEW YORK. Nov. 1 (U.R)-Artie
McGovern, 54-year-old former fight- j
er who became widely known as a
trainer of Athletes and conditioner
of businessmen, died at Post Grad
uate Hospital today after a brief ill
ness.
McGovern, who has been living in |
Phoenix, Arix., was on a business
trip to New York. He was admitted !
to the hospital yesterday.
NEW YORK. Nov. 1 (U.R)-Artie
McGovern, 54-year-old former fight- j
er who became widely known as a
trainer of Athletes and conditioner
of businessmen, died at Post Grad
uate Hospital today after a brief ill
ness.
McGovern, who has been living in |
Phoenix, Arix., was on a business
trip to New York. He was admitted !
to the hospital yesterday.
NEW YORK. Nov. 1 (U.R)-Artie
McGovern, 54-year-old former fight- j
er who became widely known as a
trainer of Athletes and conditioner
of businessmen, died at Post Grad
uate Hospital today after a brief ill
ness.
McGovern, who has been living in |
Phoenix, Arix., was on a business
trip to New York. He was admitted !
to the hospital yesterday.
NEW YORK. Nov. 1 (U.R)-Artie
McGovern, 54-year-old former fight- j
er who became widely known as a
trainer of Athletes and conditioner
of businessmen, died at Post Grad
uate Hospital today after a brief ill
ness.
McGovern, who has been living in |
Phoenix, Arix., was on a business
trip to New York. He was admitted !
to the hospital yesterday.
NEW YORK. Nov. 1 (U.R)-Artie
McGovern, 54-year-old former fight- j
er who became widely known as a
trainer of Athletes and conditioner
of businessmen, died at Post Grad
uate Hospital today after a brief ill
ness.
McGovern, who has been living in |
Phoenix, Arix., was on a business
trip to New York. He was admitted !
to the hospital yesterday.
NEW YORK. Nov. 1 (U.R)-Artie
McGovern, 54-year-old former fight- j
er who became widely known as a
trainer of Athletes and conditioner
of businessmen, died at Post Grad
uate Hospital today after a brief ill
ness.
McGovern, who has been living in |
Phoenix, Arix., was on a business
trip to New York. He was admitted !
to the hospital yesterday.
NEW YORK. Nov. 1 (U.R)-Artie
McGovern, 54-year-old former fight- j
er who became widely known as a
trainer of Athletes and conditioner
of businessmen, died at Post Grad
uate Hospital today after a brief ill
ness.
McGovern, who has been living in |
Phoenix, Arix., was on a business
trip to New York. He was admitted !
to the hospital yesterday.
NEW YORK. Nov. 1 (U.R)-Artie
McGovern, 54-year-old former fight- j
er who became widely known as a
trainer of Athletes and conditioner
of businessmen, died at Post Grad
uate Hospital today after a brief ill
ness.
McGovern, who has been living in |
Phoenix, Arix., was on a business
trip to New York. He was admitted !
to the hospital yesterday.
NEW YORK. Nov. 1 (U.R)-Artie
McGovern, 54-year-old former fight- j
er who became widely known as a
trainer of Athletes and conditioner
of businessmen, died at Post Grad
uate Hospital today after a brief ill
ness.
McGovern, who has been living in |
Phoenix, Arix., was on a business
trip to New York. He was admitted !
to the hospital yesterday.
NEW YORK. Nov. 1 (U.R)-Artie
McGovern, 54-year-old former fight- j
er who became widely known as a
trainer of Athletes and conditioner
of businessmen, died at Post Grad
uate Hospital today after a brief ill
ness.
McGovern, who has been living in |
Phoenix, Arix., was on a business
trip to New York. He was admitted !
to the hospital yesterday.
NEW YORK. Nov. 1 (U.R)-Artie
McGovern, 54-year-old former fight- j
er who became widely known as a
trainer of Athletes and conditioner
of businessmen, died at Post Grad
uate Hospital today after a brief ill
ness.
McGovern, who has been living in |
Phoenix, Arix., was on a business
trip to New York. He was admitted !
to the hospital yesterday.
NEW YORK. Nov. 1 (U.R)-Artie
McGovern, 54-year-old former fight- j
er who became widely known as a
trainer of Athletes and conditioner
of businessmen, died at Post Grad
uate Hospital today after a brief ill
ness.
McGovern, who has been living in |
Phoenix, Arix., was on a business
trip to New York. He was admitted !
to the hospital yesterday.
NEW YORK. Nov. 1 (U.R)-Artie
McGovern, 54-year-old former fight- j
er who became widely known as a
trainer of Athletes and conditioner
of businessmen, died at Post Grad
uate Hospital today after a brief ill
ness.
McGovern, who has been living in |
Phoenix, Arix., was on a business
trip to New York. He was admitted !
to the hospital yesterday.
NEW YORK. Nov. 1 (U.R)-Artie
McGovern, 54-year-old former fight- j
er who became widely known as a
trainer of Athletes and conditioner
of businessmen, died at Post Grad
uate Hospital today after a brief ill
ness.
McGovern, who has been living in |
Phoenix, Arix., was on a business
trip to New York. He was admitted !
to the hospital yesterday.
NEW YORK. Nov. 1 (U.R)-Artie
McGovern, 54-year-old former fight- j
er who became widely known as a
trainer of Athletes and conditioner
of businessmen, died at Post Grad
uate Hospital today after a brief ill
ness.
McGovern, who has been living in |
Phoenix, Arix., was on a business
trip to New York. He was admitted !
to the hospital yesterday.
NEW YORK. Nov. 1 (U.R)-Artie
McGovern, 54-year-old former fight- j
er who became widely known as a
trainer of Athletes and conditioner
of businessmen, died at Post Grad
uate Hospital today after a brief ill
ness.
McGovern, who has been living in |
Phoenix, Arix., was on a business
trip to New York. He was admitted !
to the hospital yesterday.
NEW YORK. Nov. 1 (U.R)-Artie
McGovern, 54-year-old former fight- j
er who became widely known as a
trainer of Athletes and conditioner
of businessmen, died at Post Grad
uate Hospital today after a brief ill
ness.
McGovern, who has been living in |
Phoenix, Arix., was on a business
trip to New York. He was admitted !
to the hospital yesterday.
NEW YORK. Nov. 1 (U.R)-Artie
McGovern, 54-year-old former fight- j
er who became widely known as a
trainer of Athletes and conditioner
of businessmen, died at Post Grad
uate Hospital today after a brief ill
ness.
McGovern, who has been living in |
Phoenix, Arix., was on a business
trip to New York. He was admitted !
to the hospital yesterday.
