# THE 						STANFORD DAILY SPORTS
## ARCH JENKINS, Sports Editor HARNESS HORSES COMPETE ON ICE 
### 

WHEN WINTER GOMES, the local David Harums of N<»w Enplane! harness their racing horses for contest
on the ice. The scene above shows a race in progress on Beaver Lake, N.II. The horses, which must h
well shod, compete in zero weather on a straight-away track, with 24 inches of ice under them.

WHEN WINTER GOMES, the local David Harums of N<»w Enplane! harness their racing horses for contest
on the ice. The scene above shows a race in progress on Beaver Lake, N.II. The horses, which must h
well shod, compete in zero weather on a straight-away track, with 24 inches of ice under them.

WHEN WINTER GOMES, the local David Harums of N<»w Enplane! harness their racing horses for contest
on the ice. The scene above shows a race in progress on Beaver Lake, N.II. The horses, which must h
well shod, compete in zero weather on a straight-away track, with 24 inches of ice under them.

WHEN WINTER GOMES, the local David Harums of N<»w Enplane! harness their racing horses for contest
on the ice. The scene above shows a race in progress on Beaver Lake, N.II. The horses, which must h
well shod, compete in zero weather on a straight-away track, with 24 inches of ice under them.

WHEN WINTER GOMES, the local David Harums of N<»w Enplane! harness their racing horses for contest
on the ice. The scene above shows a race in progress on Beaver Lake, N.II. The horses, which must h
well shod, compete in zero weather on a straight-away track, with 24 inches of ice under them.

WHEN WINTER GOMES, the local David Harums of N<»w Enplane! harness their racing horses for contest
on the ice. The scene above shows a race in progress on Beaver Lake, N.II. The horses, which must h
well shod, compete in zero weather on a straight-away track, with 24 inches of ice under them.

WHEN WINTER GOMES, the local David Harums of N<»w Enplane! harness their racing horses for contest
on the ice. The scene above shows a race in progress on Beaver Lake, N.II. The horses, which must h
well shod, compete in zero weather on a straight-away track, with 24 inches of ice under them.

WHEN WINTER GOMES, the local David Harums of N<»w Enplane! harness their racing horses for contest
on the ice. The scene above shows a race in progress on Beaver Lake, N.II. The horses, which must h
well shod, compete in zero weather on a straight-away track, with 24 inches of ice under them.

WHEN WINTER GOMES, the local David Harums of N<»w Enplane! harness their racing horses for contest
on the ice. The scene above shows a race in progress on Beaver Lake, N.II. The horses, which must h
well shod, compete in zero weather on a straight-away track, with 24 inches of ice under them.

WHEN WINTER GOMES, the local David Harums of N<»w Enplane! harness their racing horses for contest
on the ice. The scene above shows a race in progress on Beaver Lake, N.II. The horses, which must h
well shod, compete in zero weather on a straight-away track, with 24 inches of ice under them.

WHEN WINTER GOMES, the local David Harums of N<»w Enplane! harness their racing horses for contest
on the ice. The scene above shows a race in progress on Beaver Lake, N.II. The horses, which must h
well shod, compete in zero weather on a straight-away track, with 24 inches of ice under them.

WHEN WINTER GOMES, the local David Harums of N<»w Enplane! harness their racing horses for contest
on the ice. The scene above shows a race in progress on Beaver Lake, N.II. The horses, which must h
well shod, compete in zero weather on a straight-away track, with 24 inches of ice under them.

WHEN WINTER GOMES, the local David Harums of N<»w Enplane! harness their racing horses for contest
on the ice. The scene above shows a race in progress on Beaver Lake, N.II. The horses, which must h
well shod, compete in zero weather on a straight-away track, with 24 inches of ice under them.

WHEN WINTER GOMES, the local David Harums of N<»w Enplane! harness their racing horses for contest
on the ice. The scene above shows a race in progress on Beaver Lake, N.II. The horses, which must h
well shod, compete in zero weather on a straight-away track, with 24 inches of ice under them.

WHEN WINTER GOMES, the local David Harums of N<»w Enplane! harness their racing horses for contest
on the ice. The scene above shows a race in progress on Beaver Lake, N.II. The horses, which must h
well shod, compete in zero weather on a straight-away track, with 24 inches of ice under them.

WHEN WINTER GOMES, the local David Harums of N<»w Enplane! harness their racing horses for contest
on the ice. The scene above shows a race in progress on Beaver Lake, N.II. The horses, which must h
well shod, compete in zero weather on a straight-away track, with 24 inches of ice under them.
