# 'TRICYCLE PLANE' GIVEN FIRST TEST
## 
### 

INITIAL TEST FLIGHT of the new Douglas DC-5 "tricycle plane" shown above was termed "a significant
advance in American commercial aviation. Hie retractable nose wheel, part of the unusual landing gear,
permits shorter landings on smaller fields. The plane carries 16 passengers and crew of three.

INITIAL TEST FLIGHT of the new Douglas DC-5 "tricycle plane" shown above was termed "a significant
advance in American commercial aviation. Hie retractable nose wheel, part of the unusual landing gear,
permits shorter landings on smaller fields. The plane carries 16 passengers and crew of three.

INITIAL TEST FLIGHT of the new Douglas DC-5 "tricycle plane" shown above was termed "a significant
advance in American commercial aviation. Hie retractable nose wheel, part of the unusual landing gear,
permits shorter landings on smaller fields. The plane carries 16 passengers and crew of three.

INITIAL TEST FLIGHT of the new Douglas DC-5 "tricycle plane" shown above was termed "a significant
advance in American commercial aviation. Hie retractable nose wheel, part of the unusual landing gear,
permits shorter landings on smaller fields. The plane carries 16 passengers and crew of three.

INITIAL TEST FLIGHT of the new Douglas DC-5 "tricycle plane" shown above was termed "a significant
advance in American commercial aviation. Hie retractable nose wheel, part of the unusual landing gear,
permits shorter landings on smaller fields. The plane carries 16 passengers and crew of three.

INITIAL TEST FLIGHT of the new Douglas DC-5 "tricycle plane" shown above was termed "a significant
advance in American commercial aviation. Hie retractable nose wheel, part of the unusual landing gear,
permits shorter landings on smaller fields. The plane carries 16 passengers and crew of three.

INITIAL TEST FLIGHT of the new Douglas DC-5 "tricycle plane" shown above was termed "a significant
advance in American commercial aviation. Hie retractable nose wheel, part of the unusual landing gear,
permits shorter landings on smaller fields. The plane carries 16 passengers and crew of three.

INITIAL TEST FLIGHT of the new Douglas DC-5 "tricycle plane" shown above was termed "a significant
advance in American commercial aviation. Hie retractable nose wheel, part of the unusual landing gear,
permits shorter landings on smaller fields. The plane carries 16 passengers and crew of three.

INITIAL TEST FLIGHT of the new Douglas DC-5 "tricycle plane" shown above was termed "a significant
advance in American commercial aviation. Hie retractable nose wheel, part of the unusual landing gear,
permits shorter landings on smaller fields. The plane carries 16 passengers and crew of three.

INITIAL TEST FLIGHT of the new Douglas DC-5 "tricycle plane" shown above was termed "a significant
advance in American commercial aviation. Hie retractable nose wheel, part of the unusual landing gear,
permits shorter landings on smaller fields. The plane carries 16 passengers and crew of three.

INITIAL TEST FLIGHT of the new Douglas DC-5 "tricycle plane" shown above was termed "a significant
advance in American commercial aviation. Hie retractable nose wheel, part of the unusual landing gear,
permits shorter landings on smaller fields. The plane carries 16 passengers and crew of three.

INITIAL TEST FLIGHT of the new Douglas DC-5 "tricycle plane" shown above was termed "a significant
advance in American commercial aviation. Hie retractable nose wheel, part of the unusual landing gear,
permits shorter landings on smaller fields. The plane carries 16 passengers and crew of three.

INITIAL TEST FLIGHT of the new Douglas DC-5 "tricycle plane" shown above was termed "a significant
advance in American commercial aviation. Hie retractable nose wheel, part of the unusual landing gear,
permits shorter landings on smaller fields. The plane carries 16 passengers and crew of three.

INITIAL TEST FLIGHT of the new Douglas DC-5 "tricycle plane" shown above was termed "a significant
advance in American commercial aviation. Hie retractable nose wheel, part of the unusual landing gear,
permits shorter landings on smaller fields. The plane carries 16 passengers and crew of three.

INITIAL TEST FLIGHT of the new Douglas DC-5 "tricycle plane" shown above was termed "a significant
advance in American commercial aviation. Hie retractable nose wheel, part of the unusual landing gear,
permits shorter landings on smaller fields. The plane carries 16 passengers and crew of three.

INITIAL TEST FLIGHT of the new Douglas DC-5 "tricycle plane" shown above was termed "a significant
advance in American commercial aviation. Hie retractable nose wheel, part of the unusual landing gear,
permits shorter landings on smaller fields. The plane carries 16 passengers and crew of three.
