# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Immediately upon this edition
going to press,«the entire staff
will leave the campus until condi
tions have quieted down sufficient
ly to enable them to return in
safety. (Good-bye until next
quarter!)
Immediately upon this edition
going to press,«the entire staff
will leave the campus until condi
tions have quieted down sufficient
ly to enable them to return in
safety. (Good-bye until next
quarter!)
Immediately upon this edition
going to press,«the entire staff
will leave the campus until condi
tions have quieted down sufficient
ly to enable them to return in
safety. (Good-bye until next
quarter!)
Immediately upon this edition
going to press,«the entire staff
will leave the campus until condi
tions have quieted down sufficient
ly to enable them to return in
safety. (Good-bye until next
quarter!)
Immediately upon this edition
going to press,«the entire staff
will leave the campus until condi
tions have quieted down sufficient
ly to enable them to return in
safety. (Good-bye until next
quarter!)
Immediately upon this edition
going to press,«the entire staff
will leave the campus until condi
tions have quieted down sufficient
ly to enable them to return in
safety. (Good-bye until next
quarter!)
Immediately upon this edition
going to press,«the entire staff
will leave the campus until condi
tions have quieted down sufficient
ly to enable them to return in
safety. (Good-bye until next
quarter!)
Immediately upon this edition
going to press,«the entire staff
will leave the campus until condi
tions have quieted down sufficient
ly to enable them to return in
safety. (Good-bye until next
quarter!)
Immediately upon this edition
going to press,«the entire staff
will leave the campus until condi
tions have quieted down sufficient
ly to enable them to return in
safety. (Good-bye until next
quarter!)
Immediately upon this edition
going to press,«the entire staff
will leave the campus until condi
tions have quieted down sufficient
ly to enable them to return in
safety. (Good-bye until next
quarter!)
Immediately upon this edition
going to press,«the entire staff
will leave the campus until condi
tions have quieted down sufficient
ly to enable them to return in
safety. (Good-bye until next
quarter!)
Immediately upon this edition
going to press,«the entire staff
will leave the campus until condi
tions have quieted down sufficient
ly to enable them to return in
safety. (Good-bye until next
quarter!)
Immediately upon this edition
going to press,«the entire staff
will leave the campus until condi
tions have quieted down sufficient
ly to enable them to return in
safety. (Good-bye until next
quarter!)
