# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The students of Wesleyan Uni
versity living in New York City
and Brooklyn have formed an or
ganization, the Manhattan Club,
for the purpose of furthering the
interests of Wesleyan in New York
Citv.
The students of Wesleyan Uni
versity living in New York City
and Brooklyn have formed an or
ganization, the Manhattan Club,
for the purpose of furthering the
interests of Wesleyan in New York
Citv.
The students of Wesleyan Uni
versity living in New York City
and Brooklyn have formed an or
ganization, the Manhattan Club,
for the purpose of furthering the
interests of Wesleyan in New York
Citv.
The students of Wesleyan Uni
versity living in New York City
and Brooklyn have formed an or
ganization, the Manhattan Club,
for the purpose of furthering the
interests of Wesleyan in New York
Citv.
The students of Wesleyan Uni
versity living in New York City
and Brooklyn have formed an or
ganization, the Manhattan Club,
for the purpose of furthering the
interests of Wesleyan in New York
Citv.
