# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is to be hoped that the com
ing concert of the Glee and Man
dolin Clubs will be productive of
harmony from more than one
standpoint.
It is to be hoped that the com
ing concert of the Glee and Man
dolin Clubs will be productive of
harmony from more than one
standpoint.
It is to be hoped that the com
ing concert of the Glee and Man
dolin Clubs will be productive of
harmony from more than one
standpoint.
It is to be hoped that the com
ing concert of the Glee and Man
dolin Clubs will be productive of
harmony from more than one
standpoint.
It is to be hoped that the com
ing concert of the Glee and Man
dolin Clubs will be productive of
harmony from more than one
standpoint.
