# Austin Rogers To Attend Mineral Arts Convention
## 
### 
Austin Flint Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will attend the annual
meeting of the Mineral Arts So
ciety of America to be held at Har
vard University, on December 28.
Professor Rogers is scheduled to ap
pear on the program, and will pre
sent several papers.
Dui'ing the trip, he will stop at
Kansas City, Missouri, New York
City, Baltimore, and Washington,
D.C.
Austin Flint Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will attend the annual
meeting of the Mineral Arts So
ciety of America to be held at Har
vard University, on December 28.
Professor Rogers is scheduled to ap
pear on the program, and will pre
sent several papers.
Dui'ing the trip, he will stop at
Kansas City, Missouri, New York
City, Baltimore, and Washington,
D.C.
Austin Flint Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will attend the annual
meeting of the Mineral Arts So
ciety of America to be held at Har
vard University, on December 28.
Professor Rogers is scheduled to ap
pear on the program, and will pre
sent several papers.
Dui'ing the trip, he will stop at
Kansas City, Missouri, New York
City, Baltimore, and Washington,
D.C.
Austin Flint Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will attend the annual
meeting of the Mineral Arts So
ciety of America to be held at Har
vard University, on December 28.
Professor Rogers is scheduled to ap
pear on the program, and will pre
sent several papers.
Dui'ing the trip, he will stop at
Kansas City, Missouri, New York
City, Baltimore, and Washington,
D.C.
Austin Flint Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will attend the annual
meeting of the Mineral Arts So
ciety of America to be held at Har
vard University, on December 28.
Professor Rogers is scheduled to ap
pear on the program, and will pre
sent several papers.
Dui'ing the trip, he will stop at
Kansas City, Missouri, New York
City, Baltimore, and Washington,
D.C.
Austin Flint Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will attend the annual
meeting of the Mineral Arts So
ciety of America to be held at Har
vard University, on December 28.
Professor Rogers is scheduled to ap
pear on the program, and will pre
sent several papers.
Dui'ing the trip, he will stop at
Kansas City, Missouri, New York
City, Baltimore, and Washington,
D.C.
Austin Flint Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will attend the annual
meeting of the Mineral Arts So
ciety of America to be held at Har
vard University, on December 28.
Professor Rogers is scheduled to ap
pear on the program, and will pre
sent several papers.
Dui'ing the trip, he will stop at
Kansas City, Missouri, New York
City, Baltimore, and Washington,
D.C.
Austin Flint Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will attend the annual
meeting of the Mineral Arts So
ciety of America to be held at Har
vard University, on December 28.
Professor Rogers is scheduled to ap
pear on the program, and will pre
sent several papers.
Dui'ing the trip, he will stop at
Kansas City, Missouri, New York
City, Baltimore, and Washington,
D.C.
Austin Flint Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will attend the annual
meeting of the Mineral Arts So
ciety of America to be held at Har
vard University, on December 28.
Professor Rogers is scheduled to ap
pear on the program, and will pre
sent several papers.
Dui'ing the trip, he will stop at
Kansas City, Missouri, New York
City, Baltimore, and Washington,
D.C.
Austin Flint Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will attend the annual
meeting of the Mineral Arts So
ciety of America to be held at Har
vard University, on December 28.
Professor Rogers is scheduled to ap
pear on the program, and will pre
sent several papers.
Dui'ing the trip, he will stop at
Kansas City, Missouri, New York
City, Baltimore, and Washington,
D.C.
Austin Flint Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will attend the annual
meeting of the Mineral Arts So
ciety of America to be held at Har
vard University, on December 28.
Professor Rogers is scheduled to ap
pear on the program, and will pre
sent several papers.
Dui'ing the trip, he will stop at
Kansas City, Missouri, New York
City, Baltimore, and Washington,
D.C.
Austin Flint Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will attend the annual
meeting of the Mineral Arts So
ciety of America to be held at Har
vard University, on December 28.
Professor Rogers is scheduled to ap
pear on the program, and will pre
sent several papers.
Dui'ing the trip, he will stop at
Kansas City, Missouri, New York
City, Baltimore, and Washington,
D.C.
Austin Flint Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will attend the annual
meeting of the Mineral Arts So
ciety of America to be held at Har
vard University, on December 28.
Professor Rogers is scheduled to ap
pear on the program, and will pre
sent several papers.
Dui'ing the trip, he will stop at
Kansas City, Missouri, New York
City, Baltimore, and Washington,
D.C.
Austin Flint Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will attend the annual
meeting of the Mineral Arts So
ciety of America to be held at Har
vard University, on December 28.
Professor Rogers is scheduled to ap
pear on the program, and will pre
sent several papers.
Dui'ing the trip, he will stop at
Kansas City, Missouri, New York
City, Baltimore, and Washington,
D.C.
Austin Flint Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will attend the annual
meeting of the Mineral Arts So
ciety of America to be held at Har
vard University, on December 28.
Professor Rogers is scheduled to ap
pear on the program, and will pre
sent several papers.
Dui'ing the trip, he will stop at
Kansas City, Missouri, New York
City, Baltimore, and Washington,
D.C.
Austin Flint Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will attend the annual
meeting of the Mineral Arts So
ciety of America to be held at Har
vard University, on December 28.
Professor Rogers is scheduled to ap
pear on the program, and will pre
sent several papers.
Dui'ing the trip, he will stop at
Kansas City, Missouri, New York
City, Baltimore, and Washington,
D.C.
