# VACAVILLE READY FOR MARCH OF REDS
## 
### 

A group of Vacaville, Calif., citizens' "army" ready Tor any emergency following threats of radicals to j
march on the little town after six demonstrators were kidnapped from jail and driven from the city. Inset: ■
Chief of Police O. E. Alley. Th« trouble started in a dispute over wages for prune picking.

A group of Vacaville, Calif., citizens' "army" ready Tor any emergency following threats of radicals to j
march on the little town after six demonstrators were kidnapped from jail and driven from the city. Inset: ■
Chief of Police O. E. Alley. Th« trouble started in a dispute over wages for prune picking.

A group of Vacaville, Calif., citizens' "army" ready Tor any emergency following threats of radicals to j
march on the little town after six demonstrators were kidnapped from jail and driven from the city. Inset: ■
Chief of Police O. E. Alley. Th« trouble started in a dispute over wages for prune picking.

A group of Vacaville, Calif., citizens' "army" ready Tor any emergency following threats of radicals to j
march on the little town after six demonstrators were kidnapped from jail and driven from the city. Inset: ■
Chief of Police O. E. Alley. Th« trouble started in a dispute over wages for prune picking.

A group of Vacaville, Calif., citizens' "army" ready Tor any emergency following threats of radicals to j
march on the little town after six demonstrators were kidnapped from jail and driven from the city. Inset: ■
Chief of Police O. E. Alley. Th« trouble started in a dispute over wages for prune picking.

A group of Vacaville, Calif., citizens' "army" ready Tor any emergency following threats of radicals to j
march on the little town after six demonstrators were kidnapped from jail and driven from the city. Inset: ■
Chief of Police O. E. Alley. Th« trouble started in a dispute over wages for prune picking.

A group of Vacaville, Calif., citizens' "army" ready Tor any emergency following threats of radicals to j
march on the little town after six demonstrators were kidnapped from jail and driven from the city. Inset: ■
Chief of Police O. E. Alley. Th« trouble started in a dispute over wages for prune picking.

A group of Vacaville, Calif., citizens' "army" ready Tor any emergency following threats of radicals to j
march on the little town after six demonstrators were kidnapped from jail and driven from the city. Inset: ■
Chief of Police O. E. Alley. Th« trouble started in a dispute over wages for prune picking.

A group of Vacaville, Calif., citizens' "army" ready Tor any emergency following threats of radicals to j
march on the little town after six demonstrators were kidnapped from jail and driven from the city. Inset: ■
Chief of Police O. E. Alley. Th« trouble started in a dispute over wages for prune picking.

A group of Vacaville, Calif., citizens' "army" ready Tor any emergency following threats of radicals to j
march on the little town after six demonstrators were kidnapped from jail and driven from the city. Inset: ■
Chief of Police O. E. Alley. Th« trouble started in a dispute over wages for prune picking.

A group of Vacaville, Calif., citizens' "army" ready Tor any emergency following threats of radicals to j
march on the little town after six demonstrators were kidnapped from jail and driven from the city. Inset: ■
Chief of Police O. E. Alley. Th« trouble started in a dispute over wages for prune picking.

A group of Vacaville, Calif., citizens' "army" ready Tor any emergency following threats of radicals to j
march on the little town after six demonstrators were kidnapped from jail and driven from the city. Inset: ■
Chief of Police O. E. Alley. Th« trouble started in a dispute over wages for prune picking.

A group of Vacaville, Calif., citizens' "army" ready Tor any emergency following threats of radicals to j
march on the little town after six demonstrators were kidnapped from jail and driven from the city. Inset: ■
Chief of Police O. E. Alley. Th« trouble started in a dispute over wages for prune picking.

A group of Vacaville, Calif., citizens' "army" ready Tor any emergency following threats of radicals to j
march on the little town after six demonstrators were kidnapped from jail and driven from the city. Inset: ■
Chief of Police O. E. Alley. Th« trouble started in a dispute over wages for prune picking.

A group of Vacaville, Calif., citizens' "army" ready Tor any emergency following threats of radicals to j
march on the little town after six demonstrators were kidnapped from jail and driven from the city. Inset: ■
Chief of Police O. E. Alley. Th« trouble started in a dispute over wages for prune picking.

A group of Vacaville, Calif., citizens' "army" ready Tor any emergency following threats of radicals to j
march on the little town after six demonstrators were kidnapped from jail and driven from the city. Inset: ■
Chief of Police O. E. Alley. Th« trouble started in a dispute over wages for prune picking.
