# Hockey Prizes Presented To Women Stars
## 
### 
Stanford's women athletes were
awarded their laurels for a season
cf strenuous play at the annual
W.A.A. hockey banquet held in the
Stanford Union last night.
The most important events of the
evening were the announcement of
the all-star team and ihe awarding
of Script S's, block sweaters, and
a blanket.
The all-star team, chosen by the
coaches, managers, and captains,
was composed of two seniors: Betty
Lewton and Claire Nichols; three
juniors, Marian Parker, Dorothy
Swan, and Anna Louise Aynes
worth; three sophomores, Lucile
Smith, Charlotte Gibner, and Bctly
Ballachey; and three freshmen,
Helen Fulton, Barbara Stewart, and
Catherine Ahrens. All-star subs
were Eleanor Boyd, senior, and
Catherine Clift, sophomore.
Betts Hawkins was given the high
est possible award, a block blanket.
Block sweaters were awarded to
Marion Hewlett, Claire Nichols, and
Louise Hudson. Script S's were
given to Marion Parker, Charlotte
Gibner, Dorothy Swan. Jeanne Mil
lard, and Anna Louise Aynesworth.
The awards were presented by
Louise Hudson, acting W.A.A. presi
dent.
The banquet was presided over by
Jeanne Millard, hockey manager.
Miss Bunting and Miss Hawley,
hockey coaches, spoke. The cham
pionship freshman team gave a skit
embodying take-offs on various
players, and also sang a song com
memorating their winning of the
championship under Miss Bunting's
coaching. The sophomores gave a
skit representing a very dumb class
learning the fundamentals of
hockey.
At the end of the banquet Char
lotto Gibner was elected hockey
manager for next year. The class
managers and captains who served
this year were Betty Lewton, Louise
Hudson, Dorothy Swan, Phyllis
Doane, Lucile Smith, Charlotte Gib
ner, Winifred Lemkau, ai\d Helen
Fulton.
