# Babe Nine Drops Final Content to Marines, 9-5
## 
### 
Stanfords freshman nine lost the last
game of the 1923 season to the Mare
Island Marines Saturday afternoon by a
score of 9-5. The game was played on
the Marines' field in San Francisco.
Nevers did the pitching for the Babes.
Lack of consistent play by the whole
team and a superior brand of ball dis
played by the Marines prevented the
first-year men from coming out on top.
The Mare Island nine had defeated a
number of the strongest teams in the
vicinity of San Francisco and a hard
game was expected by the freshmen, but
they were completely outhit and out
fielded by their opponents, who started
to score in the early rounds of the con
test. Nevers was hit freely throughout
the game.
Stanfords freshman nine lost the last
game of the 1923 season to the Mare
Island Marines Saturday afternoon by a
score of 9-5. The game was played on
the Marines' field in San Francisco.
Nevers did the pitching for the Babes.
Lack of consistent play by the whole
team and a superior brand of ball dis
played by the Marines prevented the
first-year men from coming out on top.
The Mare Island nine had defeated a
number of the strongest teams in the
vicinity of San Francisco and a hard
game was expected by the freshmen, but
they were completely outhit and out
fielded by their opponents, who started
to score in the early rounds of the con
test. Nevers was hit freely throughout
the game.
Stanfords freshman nine lost the last
game of the 1923 season to the Mare
Island Marines Saturday afternoon by a
score of 9-5. The game was played on
the Marines' field in San Francisco.
Nevers did the pitching for the Babes.
Lack of consistent play by the whole
team and a superior brand of ball dis
played by the Marines prevented the
first-year men from coming out on top.
The Mare Island nine had defeated a
number of the strongest teams in the
vicinity of San Francisco and a hard
game was expected by the freshmen, but
they were completely outhit and out
fielded by their opponents, who started
to score in the early rounds of the con
test. Nevers was hit freely throughout
the game.
Stanfords freshman nine lost the last
game of the 1923 season to the Mare
Island Marines Saturday afternoon by a
score of 9-5. The game was played on
the Marines' field in San Francisco.
Nevers did the pitching for the Babes.
Lack of consistent play by the whole
team and a superior brand of ball dis
played by the Marines prevented the
first-year men from coming out on top.
The Mare Island nine had defeated a
number of the strongest teams in the
vicinity of San Francisco and a hard
game was expected by the freshmen, but
they were completely outhit and out
fielded by their opponents, who started
to score in the early rounds of the con
test. Nevers was hit freely throughout
the game.
Stanfords freshman nine lost the last
game of the 1923 season to the Mare
Island Marines Saturday afternoon by a
score of 9-5. The game was played on
the Marines' field in San Francisco.
Nevers did the pitching for the Babes.
Lack of consistent play by the whole
team and a superior brand of ball dis
played by the Marines prevented the
first-year men from coming out on top.
The Mare Island nine had defeated a
number of the strongest teams in the
vicinity of San Francisco and a hard
game was expected by the freshmen, but
they were completely outhit and out
fielded by their opponents, who started
to score in the early rounds of the con
test. Nevers was hit freely throughout
the game.
Stanfords freshman nine lost the last
game of the 1923 season to the Mare
Island Marines Saturday afternoon by a
score of 9-5. The game was played on
the Marines' field in San Francisco.
Nevers did the pitching for the Babes.
Lack of consistent play by the whole
team and a superior brand of ball dis
played by the Marines prevented the
first-year men from coming out on top.
The Mare Island nine had defeated a
number of the strongest teams in the
vicinity of San Francisco and a hard
game was expected by the freshmen, but
they were completely outhit and out
fielded by their opponents, who started
to score in the early rounds of the con
test. Nevers was hit freely throughout
the game.
Stanfords freshman nine lost the last
game of the 1923 season to the Mare
Island Marines Saturday afternoon by a
score of 9-5. The game was played on
the Marines' field in San Francisco.
Nevers did the pitching for the Babes.
Lack of consistent play by the whole
team and a superior brand of ball dis
played by the Marines prevented the
first-year men from coming out on top.
The Mare Island nine had defeated a
number of the strongest teams in the
vicinity of San Francisco and a hard
game was expected by the freshmen, but
they were completely outhit and out
fielded by their opponents, who started
to score in the early rounds of the con
test. Nevers was hit freely throughout
the game.
Stanfords freshman nine lost the last
game of the 1923 season to the Mare
Island Marines Saturday afternoon by a
score of 9-5. The game was played on
the Marines' field in San Francisco.
Nevers did the pitching for the Babes.
Lack of consistent play by the whole
team and a superior brand of ball dis
played by the Marines prevented the
first-year men from coming out on top.
The Mare Island nine had defeated a
number of the strongest teams in the
vicinity of San Francisco and a hard
game was expected by the freshmen, but
they were completely outhit and out
fielded by their opponents, who started
to score in the early rounds of the con
test. Nevers was hit freely throughout
the game.
Stanfords freshman nine lost the last
game of the 1923 season to the Mare
Island Marines Saturday afternoon by a
score of 9-5. The game was played on
the Marines' field in San Francisco.
Nevers did the pitching for the Babes.
Lack of consistent play by the whole
team and a superior brand of ball dis
played by the Marines prevented the
first-year men from coming out on top.
The Mare Island nine had defeated a
number of the strongest teams in the
vicinity of San Francisco and a hard
game was expected by the freshmen, but
they were completely outhit and out
fielded by their opponents, who started
to score in the early rounds of the con
test. Nevers was hit freely throughout
the game.
Stanfords freshman nine lost the last
game of the 1923 season to the Mare
Island Marines Saturday afternoon by a
score of 9-5. The game was played on
the Marines' field in San Francisco.
Nevers did the pitching for the Babes.
Lack of consistent play by the whole
team and a superior brand of ball dis
played by the Marines prevented the
first-year men from coming out on top.
The Mare Island nine had defeated a
number of the strongest teams in the
vicinity of San Francisco and a hard
game was expected by the freshmen, but
they were completely outhit and out
fielded by their opponents, who started
to score in the early rounds of the con
test. Nevers was hit freely throughout
the game.
Stanfords freshman nine lost the last
game of the 1923 season to the Mare
Island Marines Saturday afternoon by a
score of 9-5. The game was played on
the Marines' field in San Francisco.
Nevers did the pitching for the Babes.
Lack of consistent play by the whole
team and a superior brand of ball dis
played by the Marines prevented the
first-year men from coming out on top.
The Mare Island nine had defeated a
number of the strongest teams in the
vicinity of San Francisco and a hard
game was expected by the freshmen, but
they were completely outhit and out
fielded by their opponents, who started
to score in the early rounds of the con
test. Nevers was hit freely throughout
the game.
Stanfords freshman nine lost the last
game of the 1923 season to the Mare
Island Marines Saturday afternoon by a
score of 9-5. The game was played on
the Marines' field in San Francisco.
Nevers did the pitching for the Babes.
Lack of consistent play by the whole
team and a superior brand of ball dis
played by the Marines prevented the
first-year men from coming out on top.
The Mare Island nine had defeated a
number of the strongest teams in the
vicinity of San Francisco and a hard
game was expected by the freshmen, but
they were completely outhit and out
fielded by their opponents, who started
to score in the early rounds of the con
test. Nevers was hit freely throughout
the game.
Stanfords freshman nine lost the last
game of the 1923 season to the Mare
Island Marines Saturday afternoon by a
score of 9-5. The game was played on
the Marines' field in San Francisco.
Nevers did the pitching for the Babes.
Lack of consistent play by the whole
team and a superior brand of ball dis
played by the Marines prevented the
first-year men from coming out on top.
The Mare Island nine had defeated a
number of the strongest teams in the
vicinity of San Francisco and a hard
game was expected by the freshmen, but
they were completely outhit and out
fielded by their opponents, who started
to score in the early rounds of the con
test. Nevers was hit freely throughout
the game.
Stanfords freshman nine lost the last
game of the 1923 season to the Mare
Island Marines Saturday afternoon by a
score of 9-5. The game was played on
the Marines' field in San Francisco.
Nevers did the pitching for the Babes.
Lack of consistent play by the whole
team and a superior brand of ball dis
played by the Marines prevented the
first-year men from coming out on top.
The Mare Island nine had defeated a
number of the strongest teams in the
vicinity of San Francisco and a hard
game was expected by the freshmen, but
they were completely outhit and out
fielded by their opponents, who started
to score in the early rounds of the con
test. Nevers was hit freely throughout
the game.
Stanfords freshman nine lost the last
game of the 1923 season to the Mare
Island Marines Saturday afternoon by a
score of 9-5. The game was played on
the Marines' field in San Francisco.
Nevers did the pitching for the Babes.
Lack of consistent play by the whole
team and a superior brand of ball dis
played by the Marines prevented the
first-year men from coming out on top.
The Mare Island nine had defeated a
number of the strongest teams in the
vicinity of San Francisco and a hard
game was expected by the freshmen, but
they were completely outhit and out
fielded by their opponents, who started
to score in the early rounds of the con
test. Nevers was hit freely throughout
the game.
