# TODAY
## 
### 
Baseball—Stanford vs. San Jose
State. Stanford diamond, 3:15
Swimming—Stanford vs. Califor
nia and Stanford freshmen vs.
California freshmen, Stanford
pools, 4 p.m. (varsity and fresh
man events alternate)
Golf—Stanford vs. UCLA, Stan
ford golf course, 1 p.m.
Tennis — Stanford freshmen vs.
Modesto Junior Colege, Stan
ford courts, 2 p.m.
TOMORROW
Track and field — Stanford - San
Jose State-Olympic Club (tri
angular meet), Stanford St a -
dium, 1:30
Track and field—Stanford fresh
men vs. San Jose State fresh
men, Angell Field, 10 a.m.
Baseball — Stanford vs. Stanford
alumni, Stanford diamond, 3:15
Baseball — Stanford freshmen vs.
California freshmen, Stanford
diamond, 10 a.m.
Golf — Stanford varsity vs. Stan
ford Golf Club, Stanford tfolf
course, 9 a.m.
Baseball—Stanford vs. San Jose
State. Stanford diamond, 3:15
Swimming—Stanford vs. Califor
nia and Stanford freshmen vs.
California freshmen, Stanford
pools, 4 p.m. (varsity and fresh
man events alternate)
Golf—Stanford vs. UCLA, Stan
ford golf course, 1 p.m.
Tennis — Stanford freshmen vs.
Modesto Junior Colege, Stan
ford courts, 2 p.m.
TOMORROW
Track and field — Stanford - San
Jose State-Olympic Club (tri
angular meet), Stanford St a -
dium, 1:30
Track and field—Stanford fresh
men vs. San Jose State fresh
men, Angell Field, 10 a.m.
Baseball — Stanford vs. Stanford
alumni, Stanford diamond, 3:15
Baseball — Stanford freshmen vs.
California freshmen, Stanford
diamond, 10 a.m.
Golf — Stanford varsity vs. Stan
ford Golf Club, Stanford tfolf
course, 9 a.m.
Baseball—Stanford vs. San Jose
State. Stanford diamond, 3:15
Swimming—Stanford vs. Califor
nia and Stanford freshmen vs.
California freshmen, Stanford
pools, 4 p.m. (varsity and fresh
man events alternate)
Golf—Stanford vs. UCLA, Stan
ford golf course, 1 p.m.
Tennis — Stanford freshmen vs.
Modesto Junior Colege, Stan
ford courts, 2 p.m.
TOMORROW
Track and field — Stanford - San
Jose State-Olympic Club (tri
angular meet), Stanford St a -
dium, 1:30
Track and field—Stanford fresh
men vs. San Jose State fresh
men, Angell Field, 10 a.m.
Baseball — Stanford vs. Stanford
alumni, Stanford diamond, 3:15
Baseball — Stanford freshmen vs.
California freshmen, Stanford
diamond, 10 a.m.
Golf — Stanford varsity vs. Stan
ford Golf Club, Stanford tfolf
course, 9 a.m.
Baseball—Stanford vs. San Jose
State. Stanford diamond, 3:15
Swimming—Stanford vs. Califor
nia and Stanford freshmen vs.
California freshmen, Stanford
pools, 4 p.m. (varsity and fresh
man events alternate)
Golf—Stanford vs. UCLA, Stan
ford golf course, 1 p.m.
Tennis — Stanford freshmen vs.
Modesto Junior Colege, Stan
ford courts, 2 p.m.
TOMORROW
Track and field — Stanford - San
Jose State-Olympic Club (tri
angular meet), Stanford St a -
dium, 1:30
Track and field—Stanford fresh
men vs. San Jose State fresh
men, Angell Field, 10 a.m.
Baseball — Stanford vs. Stanford
alumni, Stanford diamond, 3:15
Baseball — Stanford freshmen vs.
California freshmen, Stanford
diamond, 10 a.m.
Golf — Stanford varsity vs. Stan
ford Golf Club, Stanford tfolf
course, 9 a.m.
Baseball—Stanford vs. San Jose
State. Stanford diamond, 3:15
Swimming—Stanford vs. Califor
nia and Stanford freshmen vs.
California freshmen, Stanford
pools, 4 p.m. (varsity and fresh
man events alternate)
Golf—Stanford vs. UCLA, Stan
ford golf course, 1 p.m.
Tennis — Stanford freshmen vs.
Modesto Junior Colege, Stan
ford courts, 2 p.m.
TOMORROW
Track and field — Stanford - San
Jose State-Olympic Club (tri
angular meet), Stanford St a -
dium, 1:30
Track and field—Stanford fresh
men vs. San Jose State fresh
men, Angell Field, 10 a.m.
Baseball — Stanford vs. Stanford
alumni, Stanford diamond, 3:15
Baseball — Stanford freshmen vs.
California freshmen, Stanford
diamond, 10 a.m.
Golf — Stanford varsity vs. Stan
ford Golf Club, Stanford tfolf
course, 9 a.m.
Baseball—Stanford vs. San Jose
State. Stanford diamond, 3:15
Swimming—Stanford vs. Califor
nia and Stanford freshmen vs.
California freshmen, Stanford
pools, 4 p.m. (varsity and fresh
man events alternate)
Golf—Stanford vs. UCLA, Stan
ford golf course, 1 p.m.
Tennis — Stanford freshmen vs.
Modesto Junior Colege, Stan
ford courts, 2 p.m.
TOMORROW
Track and field — Stanford - San
Jose State-Olympic Club (tri
angular meet), Stanford St a -
dium, 1:30
Track and field—Stanford fresh
men vs. San Jose State fresh
men, Angell Field, 10 a.m.
Baseball — Stanford vs. Stanford
alumni, Stanford diamond, 3:15
Baseball — Stanford freshmen vs.
California freshmen, Stanford
diamond, 10 a.m.
Golf — Stanford varsity vs. Stan
ford Golf Club, Stanford tfolf
course, 9 a.m.
Baseball—Stanford vs. San Jose
State. Stanford diamond, 3:15
Swimming—Stanford vs. Califor
nia and Stanford freshmen vs.
California freshmen, Stanford
pools, 4 p.m. (varsity and fresh
man events alternate)
Golf—Stanford vs. UCLA, Stan
ford golf course, 1 p.m.
Tennis — Stanford freshmen vs.
Modesto Junior Colege, Stan
ford courts, 2 p.m.
TOMORROW
Track and field — Stanford - San
Jose State-Olympic Club (tri
angular meet), Stanford St a -
dium, 1:30
Track and field—Stanford fresh
men vs. San Jose State fresh
men, Angell Field, 10 a.m.
Baseball — Stanford vs. Stanford
alumni, Stanford diamond, 3:15
Baseball — Stanford freshmen vs.
California freshmen, Stanford
diamond, 10 a.m.
Golf — Stanford varsity vs. Stan
ford Golf Club, Stanford tfolf
course, 9 a.m.
Baseball—Stanford vs. San Jose
State. Stanford diamond, 3:15
Swimming—Stanford vs. Califor
nia and Stanford freshmen vs.
California freshmen, Stanford
pools, 4 p.m. (varsity and fresh
man events alternate)
Golf—Stanford vs. UCLA, Stan
ford golf course, 1 p.m.
Tennis — Stanford freshmen vs.
Modesto Junior Colege, Stan
ford courts, 2 p.m.
TOMORROW
Track and field — Stanford - San
Jose State-Olympic Club (tri
angular meet), Stanford St a -
dium, 1:30
Track and field—Stanford fresh
men vs. San Jose State fresh
men, Angell Field, 10 a.m.
Baseball — Stanford vs. Stanford
alumni, Stanford diamond, 3:15
Baseball — Stanford freshmen vs.
California freshmen, Stanford
diamond, 10 a.m.
Golf — Stanford varsity vs. Stan
ford Golf Club, Stanford tfolf
course, 9 a.m.
Baseball—Stanford vs. San Jose
State. Stanford diamond, 3:15
Swimming—Stanford vs. Califor
nia and Stanford freshmen vs.
California freshmen, Stanford
pools, 4 p.m. (varsity and fresh
man events alternate)
Golf—Stanford vs. UCLA, Stan
ford golf course, 1 p.m.
Tennis — Stanford freshmen vs.
Modesto Junior Colege, Stan
ford courts, 2 p.m.
TOMORROW
Track and field — Stanford - San
Jose State-Olympic Club (tri
angular meet), Stanford St a -
dium, 1:30
Track and field—Stanford fresh
men vs. San Jose State fresh
men, Angell Field, 10 a.m.
Baseball — Stanford vs. Stanford
alumni, Stanford diamond, 3:15
Baseball — Stanford freshmen vs.
California freshmen, Stanford
diamond, 10 a.m.
Golf — Stanford varsity vs. Stan
ford Golf Club, Stanford tfolf
course, 9 a.m.
Baseball—Stanford vs. San Jose
State. Stanford diamond, 3:15
Swimming—Stanford vs. Califor
nia and Stanford freshmen vs.
California freshmen, Stanford
pools, 4 p.m. (varsity and fresh
man events alternate)
Golf—Stanford vs. UCLA, Stan
ford golf course, 1 p.m.
Tennis — Stanford freshmen vs.
Modesto Junior Colege, Stan
ford courts, 2 p.m.
TOMORROW
Track and field — Stanford - San
Jose State-Olympic Club (tri
angular meet), Stanford St a -
dium, 1:30
Track and field—Stanford fresh
men vs. San Jose State fresh
men, Angell Field, 10 a.m.
Baseball — Stanford vs. Stanford
alumni, Stanford diamond, 3:15
Baseball — Stanford freshmen vs.
California freshmen, Stanford
diamond, 10 a.m.
Golf — Stanford varsity vs. Stan
ford Golf Club, Stanford tfolf
course, 9 a.m.
Baseball—Stanford vs. San Jose
State. Stanford diamond, 3:15
Swimming—Stanford vs. Califor
nia and Stanford freshmen vs.
California freshmen, Stanford
pools, 4 p.m. (varsity and fresh
man events alternate)
Golf—Stanford vs. UCLA, Stan
ford golf course, 1 p.m.
Tennis — Stanford freshmen vs.
Modesto Junior Colege, Stan
ford courts, 2 p.m.
TOMORROW
Track and field — Stanford - San
Jose State-Olympic Club (tri
angular meet), Stanford St a -
dium, 1:30
Track and field—Stanford fresh
men vs. San Jose State fresh
men, Angell Field, 10 a.m.
Baseball — Stanford vs. Stanford
alumni, Stanford diamond, 3:15
Baseball — Stanford freshmen vs.
California freshmen, Stanford
diamond, 10 a.m.
Golf — Stanford varsity vs. Stan
ford Golf Club, Stanford tfolf
course, 9 a.m.
Baseball—Stanford vs. San Jose
State. Stanford diamond, 3:15
Swimming—Stanford vs. Califor
nia and Stanford freshmen vs.
California freshmen, Stanford
pools, 4 p.m. (varsity and fresh
man events alternate)
Golf—Stanford vs. UCLA, Stan
ford golf course, 1 p.m.
Tennis — Stanford freshmen vs.
Modesto Junior Colege, Stan
ford courts, 2 p.m.
TOMORROW
Track and field — Stanford - San
Jose State-Olympic Club (tri
angular meet), Stanford St a -
dium, 1:30
Track and field—Stanford fresh
men vs. San Jose State fresh
men, Angell Field, 10 a.m.
Baseball — Stanford vs. Stanford
alumni, Stanford diamond, 3:15
Baseball — Stanford freshmen vs.
California freshmen, Stanford
diamond, 10 a.m.
Golf — Stanford varsity vs. Stan
ford Golf Club, Stanford tfolf
course, 9 a.m.
Baseball—Stanford vs. San Jose
State. Stanford diamond, 3:15
Swimming—Stanford vs. Califor
nia and Stanford freshmen vs.
California freshmen, Stanford
pools, 4 p.m. (varsity and fresh
man events alternate)
Golf—Stanford vs. UCLA, Stan
ford golf course, 1 p.m.
Tennis — Stanford freshmen vs.
Modesto Junior Colege, Stan
ford courts, 2 p.m.
TOMORROW
Track and field — Stanford - San
Jose State-Olympic Club (tri
angular meet), Stanford St a -
dium, 1:30
Track and field—Stanford fresh
men vs. San Jose State fresh
men, Angell Field, 10 a.m.
Baseball — Stanford vs. Stanford
alumni, Stanford diamond, 3:15
Baseball — Stanford freshmen vs.
California freshmen, Stanford
diamond, 10 a.m.
Golf — Stanford varsity vs. Stan
ford Golf Club, Stanford tfolf
course, 9 a.m.
Baseball—Stanford vs. San Jose
State. Stanford diamond, 3:15
Swimming—Stanford vs. Califor
nia and Stanford freshmen vs.
California freshmen, Stanford
pools, 4 p.m. (varsity and fresh
man events alternate)
Golf—Stanford vs. UCLA, Stan
ford golf course, 1 p.m.
Tennis — Stanford freshmen vs.
Modesto Junior Colege, Stan
ford courts, 2 p.m.
TOMORROW
Track and field — Stanford - San
Jose State-Olympic Club (tri
angular meet), Stanford St a -
dium, 1:30
Track and field—Stanford fresh
men vs. San Jose State fresh
men, Angell Field, 10 a.m.
Baseball — Stanford vs. Stanford
alumni, Stanford diamond, 3:15
Baseball — Stanford freshmen vs.
California freshmen, Stanford
diamond, 10 a.m.
Golf — Stanford varsity vs. Stan
ford Golf Club, Stanford tfolf
course, 9 a.m.
Baseball—Stanford vs. San Jose
State. Stanford diamond, 3:15
Swimming—Stanford vs. Califor
nia and Stanford freshmen vs.
California freshmen, Stanford
pools, 4 p.m. (varsity and fresh
man events alternate)
Golf—Stanford vs. UCLA, Stan
ford golf course, 1 p.m.
Tennis — Stanford freshmen vs.
Modesto Junior Colege, Stan
ford courts, 2 p.m.
TOMORROW
Track and field — Stanford - San
Jose State-Olympic Club (tri
angular meet), Stanford St a -
dium, 1:30
Track and field—Stanford fresh
men vs. San Jose State fresh
men, Angell Field, 10 a.m.
Baseball — Stanford vs. Stanford
alumni, Stanford diamond, 3:15
Baseball — Stanford freshmen vs.
California freshmen, Stanford
diamond, 10 a.m.
Golf — Stanford varsity vs. Stan
ford Golf Club, Stanford tfolf
course, 9 a.m.
