# SUNDAY MOVIES
## 
### 
"Tulsa," with Susan Hay ward and
Robert Preston, will be shown at
the Sunday Movies at 7:30 at Me
morial Auditorium. Admission is 20
cents.
"Tulsa," with Susan Hay ward and
Robert Preston, will be shown at
the Sunday Movies at 7:30 at Me
morial Auditorium. Admission is 20
cents.
"Tulsa," with Susan Hay ward and
Robert Preston, will be shown at
the Sunday Movies at 7:30 at Me
morial Auditorium. Admission is 20
cents.
"Tulsa," with Susan Hay ward and
Robert Preston, will be shown at
the Sunday Movies at 7:30 at Me
morial Auditorium. Admission is 20
cents.
"Tulsa," with Susan Hay ward and
Robert Preston, will be shown at
the Sunday Movies at 7:30 at Me
morial Auditorium. Admission is 20
cents.
"Tulsa," with Susan Hay ward and
Robert Preston, will be shown at
the Sunday Movies at 7:30 at Me
morial Auditorium. Admission is 20
cents.
"Tulsa," with Susan Hay ward and
Robert Preston, will be shown at
the Sunday Movies at 7:30 at Me
morial Auditorium. Admission is 20
cents.
"Tulsa," with Susan Hay ward and
Robert Preston, will be shown at
the Sunday Movies at 7:30 at Me
morial Auditorium. Admission is 20
cents.
"Tulsa," with Susan Hay ward and
Robert Preston, will be shown at
the Sunday Movies at 7:30 at Me
morial Auditorium. Admission is 20
cents.
"Tulsa," with Susan Hay ward and
Robert Preston, will be shown at
the Sunday Movies at 7:30 at Me
morial Auditorium. Admission is 20
cents.
"Tulsa," with Susan Hay ward and
Robert Preston, will be shown at
the Sunday Movies at 7:30 at Me
morial Auditorium. Admission is 20
cents.
"Tulsa," with Susan Hay ward and
Robert Preston, will be shown at
the Sunday Movies at 7:30 at Me
morial Auditorium. Admission is 20
cents.
"Tulsa," with Susan Hay ward and
Robert Preston, will be shown at
the Sunday Movies at 7:30 at Me
morial Auditorium. Admission is 20
cents.
"Tulsa," with Susan Hay ward and
Robert Preston, will be shown at
the Sunday Movies at 7:30 at Me
morial Auditorium. Admission is 20
cents.
"Tulsa," with Susan Hay ward and
Robert Preston, will be shown at
the Sunday Movies at 7:30 at Me
morial Auditorium. Admission is 20
cents.
