# Army Plans Final Dance
## 
### 
Intermission time at "Night
Maneuvers," last Friday night Army
dance of the quarter, will feature
some of Encina Hall's most out
standing talent, ASC members say.
Working on the principle that sur
prise is an important tactical ad
vantage they refuse to reveal any
more information on entertainment
present, but inside sources report
strange rumors about a new and
secret meapon.
1- H" hour for the dance, which
is dedicated to the graduating Elec
trical and Mechanical Engineers,
will be at 2030; the maneuver area,
he Pavilion. All beach heads will
have to be consolidated by 2330.
Field rations, in the form of cake
md punch, will be supplied by the
Red Cross.
