# Workshop Series Meets on Campus
## 
### 
Friday marked the opening of The
Community Leadership Workshop on
Stanford's campus with Dr. Ernest
R. Hilgard, Executive Head of the
Department of Psychology, and Dr.
I .James Quillen, Associate Profes
sor of Education, as directors.
Other Stanford professors taking
part in the program of the Work
shop are Dean Edwin A. Cottrell,
School of Social Sciences; Dr. David
Favilie, Professor of Marketing,
Graduate School of Business; Dr.
W. H. Cowley, Professor of Educa
tion; and Dr. Paul R. Hanna, Profes
sor of Education. Mrs. Gertrude
Howard of Los Angeles, who is on
campus for the summer session, is
attending as a representative of that
city.
Discussion will center around new
planning problems which will con
front California communities. There
will be opportunity for analysis of
major trends in community life and
the development of co-ordinated
programs of community action.
Prominent civic, business, profes
sional, and labor leaders will par
ticipate in leading discussion groups.
Topics to be discussed include ov
er-all community planning, youth
problems, housing, economic de
velopment and full employment,
community health, education, plans
for returning veterans, and inter
cultuial and inter-racial problems.
Dr. Louis Wirth, head of the Soci
ology Department of the University
of Chicago, will deliver the evening
lecture series and act as chief con
sultant.
Dr. Wirth, an authority on the
sociology of the community, has
written a number of books in the
field and has served with the Na
tional Resources Planning Board.
Last year he was Director of Plan
ning for the State of Illinois.
Friday marked the opening of The
Community Leadership Workshop on
Stanford's campus with Dr. Ernest
R. Hilgard, Executive Head of the
Department of Psychology, and Dr.
I .James Quillen, Associate Profes
sor of Education, as directors.
Other Stanford professors taking
part in the program of the Work
shop are Dean Edwin A. Cottrell,
School of Social Sciences; Dr. David
Favilie, Professor of Marketing,
Graduate School of Business; Dr.
W. H. Cowley, Professor of Educa
tion; and Dr. Paul R. Hanna, Profes
sor of Education. Mrs. Gertrude
Howard of Los Angeles, who is on
campus for the summer session, is
attending as a representative of that
city.
Discussion will center around new
planning problems which will con
front California communities. There
will be opportunity for analysis of
major trends in community life and
the development of co-ordinated
programs of community action.
Prominent civic, business, profes
sional, and labor leaders will par
ticipate in leading discussion groups.
Topics to be discussed include ov
er-all community planning, youth
problems, housing, economic de
velopment and full employment,
community health, education, plans
for returning veterans, and inter
cultuial and inter-racial problems.
Dr. Louis Wirth, head of the Soci
ology Department of the University
of Chicago, will deliver the evening
lecture series and act as chief con
sultant.
Dr. Wirth, an authority on the
sociology of the community, has
written a number of books in the
field and has served with the Na
tional Resources Planning Board.
Last year he was Director of Plan
ning for the State of Illinois.
Friday marked the opening of The
Community Leadership Workshop on
Stanford's campus with Dr. Ernest
R. Hilgard, Executive Head of the
Department of Psychology, and Dr.
I .James Quillen, Associate Profes
sor of Education, as directors.
Other Stanford professors taking
part in the program of the Work
shop are Dean Edwin A. Cottrell,
School of Social Sciences; Dr. David
Favilie, Professor of Marketing,
Graduate School of Business; Dr.
W. H. Cowley, Professor of Educa
tion; and Dr. Paul R. Hanna, Profes
sor of Education. Mrs. Gertrude
Howard of Los Angeles, who is on
campus for the summer session, is
attending as a representative of that
city.
Discussion will center around new
planning problems which will con
front California communities. There
will be opportunity for analysis of
major trends in community life and
the development of co-ordinated
programs of community action.
Prominent civic, business, profes
sional, and labor leaders will par
ticipate in leading discussion groups.
Topics to be discussed include ov
er-all community planning, youth
problems, housing, economic de
velopment and full employment,
community health, education, plans
for returning veterans, and inter
cultuial and inter-racial problems.
Dr. Louis Wirth, head of the Soci
ology Department of the University
of Chicago, will deliver the evening
lecture series and act as chief con
sultant.
Dr. Wirth, an authority on the
sociology of the community, has
written a number of books in the
field and has served with the Na
tional Resources Planning Board.
Last year he was Director of Plan
ning for the State of Illinois.
Friday marked the opening of The
Community Leadership Workshop on
Stanford's campus with Dr. Ernest
R. Hilgard, Executive Head of the
Department of Psychology, and Dr.
I .James Quillen, Associate Profes
sor of Education, as directors.
Other Stanford professors taking
part in the program of the Work
shop are Dean Edwin A. Cottrell,
School of Social Sciences; Dr. David
Favilie, Professor of Marketing,
Graduate School of Business; Dr.
W. H. Cowley, Professor of Educa
tion; and Dr. Paul R. Hanna, Profes
sor of Education. Mrs. Gertrude
Howard of Los Angeles, who is on
campus for the summer session, is
attending as a representative of that
city.
Discussion will center around new
planning problems which will con
front California communities. There
will be opportunity for analysis of
major trends in community life and
the development of co-ordinated
programs of community action.
Prominent civic, business, profes
sional, and labor leaders will par
ticipate in leading discussion groups.
Topics to be discussed include ov
er-all community planning, youth
problems, housing, economic de
velopment and full employment,
community health, education, plans
for returning veterans, and inter
cultuial and inter-racial problems.
Dr. Louis Wirth, head of the Soci
ology Department of the University
of Chicago, will deliver the evening
lecture series and act as chief con
sultant.
Dr. Wirth, an authority on the
sociology of the community, has
written a number of books in the
field and has served with the Na
tional Resources Planning Board.
Last year he was Director of Plan
ning for the State of Illinois.
Friday marked the opening of The
Community Leadership Workshop on
Stanford's campus with Dr. Ernest
R. Hilgard, Executive Head of the
Department of Psychology, and Dr.
I .James Quillen, Associate Profes
sor of Education, as directors.
Other Stanford professors taking
part in the program of the Work
shop are Dean Edwin A. Cottrell,
School of Social Sciences; Dr. David
Favilie, Professor of Marketing,
Graduate School of Business; Dr.
W. H. Cowley, Professor of Educa
tion; and Dr. Paul R. Hanna, Profes
sor of Education. Mrs. Gertrude
Howard of Los Angeles, who is on
campus for the summer session, is
attending as a representative of that
city.
Discussion will center around new
planning problems which will con
front California communities. There
will be opportunity for analysis of
major trends in community life and
the development of co-ordinated
programs of community action.
Prominent civic, business, profes
sional, and labor leaders will par
ticipate in leading discussion groups.
Topics to be discussed include ov
er-all community planning, youth
problems, housing, economic de
velopment and full employment,
community health, education, plans
for returning veterans, and inter
cultuial and inter-racial problems.
Dr. Louis Wirth, head of the Soci
ology Department of the University
of Chicago, will deliver the evening
lecture series and act as chief con
sultant.
Dr. Wirth, an authority on the
sociology of the community, has
written a number of books in the
field and has served with the Na
tional Resources Planning Board.
Last year he was Director of Plan
ning for the State of Illinois.
Friday marked the opening of The
Community Leadership Workshop on
Stanford's campus with Dr. Ernest
R. Hilgard, Executive Head of the
Department of Psychology, and Dr.
I .James Quillen, Associate Profes
sor of Education, as directors.
Other Stanford professors taking
part in the program of the Work
shop are Dean Edwin A. Cottrell,
School of Social Sciences; Dr. David
Favilie, Professor of Marketing,
Graduate School of Business; Dr.
W. H. Cowley, Professor of Educa
tion; and Dr. Paul R. Hanna, Profes
sor of Education. Mrs. Gertrude
Howard of Los Angeles, who is on
campus for the summer session, is
attending as a representative of that
city.
Discussion will center around new
planning problems which will con
front California communities. There
will be opportunity for analysis of
major trends in community life and
the development of co-ordinated
programs of community action.
Prominent civic, business, profes
sional, and labor leaders will par
ticipate in leading discussion groups.
Topics to be discussed include ov
er-all community planning, youth
problems, housing, economic de
velopment and full employment,
community health, education, plans
for returning veterans, and inter
cultuial and inter-racial problems.
Dr. Louis Wirth, head of the Soci
ology Department of the University
of Chicago, will deliver the evening
lecture series and act as chief con
sultant.
Dr. Wirth, an authority on the
sociology of the community, has
written a number of books in the
field and has served with the Na
tional Resources Planning Board.
Last year he was Director of Plan
ning for the State of Illinois.
Friday marked the opening of The
Community Leadership Workshop on
Stanford's campus with Dr. Ernest
R. Hilgard, Executive Head of the
Department of Psychology, and Dr.
I .James Quillen, Associate Profes
sor of Education, as directors.
Other Stanford professors taking
part in the program of the Work
shop are Dean Edwin A. Cottrell,
School of Social Sciences; Dr. David
Favilie, Professor of Marketing,
Graduate School of Business; Dr.
W. H. Cowley, Professor of Educa
tion; and Dr. Paul R. Hanna, Profes
sor of Education. Mrs. Gertrude
Howard of Los Angeles, who is on
campus for the summer session, is
attending as a representative of that
city.
Discussion will center around new
planning problems which will con
front California communities. There
will be opportunity for analysis of
major trends in community life and
the development of co-ordinated
programs of community action.
Prominent civic, business, profes
sional, and labor leaders will par
ticipate in leading discussion groups.
Topics to be discussed include ov
er-all community planning, youth
problems, housing, economic de
velopment and full employment,
community health, education, plans
for returning veterans, and inter
cultuial and inter-racial problems.
Dr. Louis Wirth, head of the Soci
ology Department of the University
of Chicago, will deliver the evening
lecture series and act as chief con
sultant.
Dr. Wirth, an authority on the
sociology of the community, has
written a number of books in the
field and has served with the Na
tional Resources Planning Board.
Last year he was Director of Plan
ning for the State of Illinois.
Friday marked the opening of The
Community Leadership Workshop on
Stanford's campus with Dr. Ernest
R. Hilgard, Executive Head of the
Department of Psychology, and Dr.
I .James Quillen, Associate Profes
sor of Education, as directors.
Other Stanford professors taking
part in the program of the Work
shop are Dean Edwin A. Cottrell,
School of Social Sciences; Dr. David
Favilie, Professor of Marketing,
Graduate School of Business; Dr.
W. H. Cowley, Professor of Educa
tion; and Dr. Paul R. Hanna, Profes
sor of Education. Mrs. Gertrude
Howard of Los Angeles, who is on
campus for the summer session, is
attending as a representative of that
city.
Discussion will center around new
planning problems which will con
front California communities. There
will be opportunity for analysis of
major trends in community life and
the development of co-ordinated
programs of community action.
Prominent civic, business, profes
sional, and labor leaders will par
ticipate in leading discussion groups.
Topics to be discussed include ov
er-all community planning, youth
problems, housing, economic de
velopment and full employment,
community health, education, plans
for returning veterans, and inter
cultuial and inter-racial problems.
Dr. Louis Wirth, head of the Soci
ology Department of the University
of Chicago, will deliver the evening
lecture series and act as chief con
sultant.
Dr. Wirth, an authority on the
sociology of the community, has
written a number of books in the
field and has served with the Na
tional Resources Planning Board.
Last year he was Director of Plan
ning for the State of Illinois.
Friday marked the opening of The
Community Leadership Workshop on
Stanford's campus with Dr. Ernest
R. Hilgard, Executive Head of the
Department of Psychology, and Dr.
I .James Quillen, Associate Profes
sor of Education, as directors.
Other Stanford professors taking
part in the program of the Work
shop are Dean Edwin A. Cottrell,
School of Social Sciences; Dr. David
Favilie, Professor of Marketing,
Graduate School of Business; Dr.
W. H. Cowley, Professor of Educa
tion; and Dr. Paul R. Hanna, Profes
sor of Education. Mrs. Gertrude
Howard of Los Angeles, who is on
campus for the summer session, is
attending as a representative of that
city.
Discussion will center around new
planning problems which will con
front California communities. There
will be opportunity for analysis of
major trends in community life and
the development of co-ordinated
programs of community action.
Prominent civic, business, profes
sional, and labor leaders will par
ticipate in leading discussion groups.
Topics to be discussed include ov
er-all community planning, youth
problems, housing, economic de
velopment and full employment,
community health, education, plans
for returning veterans, and inter
cultuial and inter-racial problems.
Dr. Louis Wirth, head of the Soci
ology Department of the University
of Chicago, will deliver the evening
lecture series and act as chief con
sultant.
Dr. Wirth, an authority on the
sociology of the community, has
written a number of books in the
field and has served with the Na
tional Resources Planning Board.
Last year he was Director of Plan
ning for the State of Illinois.
Friday marked the opening of The
Community Leadership Workshop on
Stanford's campus with Dr. Ernest
R. Hilgard, Executive Head of the
Department of Psychology, and Dr.
I .James Quillen, Associate Profes
sor of Education, as directors.
Other Stanford professors taking
part in the program of the Work
shop are Dean Edwin A. Cottrell,
School of Social Sciences; Dr. David
Favilie, Professor of Marketing,
Graduate School of Business; Dr.
W. H. Cowley, Professor of Educa
tion; and Dr. Paul R. Hanna, Profes
sor of Education. Mrs. Gertrude
Howard of Los Angeles, who is on
campus for the summer session, is
attending as a representative of that
city.
Discussion will center around new
planning problems which will con
front California communities. There
will be opportunity for analysis of
major trends in community life and
the development of co-ordinated
programs of community action.
Prominent civic, business, profes
sional, and labor leaders will par
ticipate in leading discussion groups.
Topics to be discussed include ov
er-all community planning, youth
problems, housing, economic de
velopment and full employment,
community health, education, plans
for returning veterans, and inter
cultuial and inter-racial problems.
Dr. Louis Wirth, head of the Soci
ology Department of the University
of Chicago, will deliver the evening
lecture series and act as chief con
sultant.
Dr. Wirth, an authority on the
sociology of the community, has
written a number of books in the
field and has served with the Na
tional Resources Planning Board.
Last year he was Director of Plan
ning for the State of Illinois.
Friday marked the opening of The
Community Leadership Workshop on
Stanford's campus with Dr. Ernest
R. Hilgard, Executive Head of the
Department of Psychology, and Dr.
I .James Quillen, Associate Profes
sor of Education, as directors.
Other Stanford professors taking
part in the program of the Work
shop are Dean Edwin A. Cottrell,
School of Social Sciences; Dr. David
Favilie, Professor of Marketing,
Graduate School of Business; Dr.
W. H. Cowley, Professor of Educa
tion; and Dr. Paul R. Hanna, Profes
sor of Education. Mrs. Gertrude
Howard of Los Angeles, who is on
campus for the summer session, is
attending as a representative of that
city.
Discussion will center around new
planning problems which will con
front California communities. There
will be opportunity for analysis of
major trends in community life and
the development of co-ordinated
programs of community action.
Prominent civic, business, profes
sional, and labor leaders will par
ticipate in leading discussion groups.
Topics to be discussed include ov
er-all community planning, youth
problems, housing, economic de
velopment and full employment,
community health, education, plans
for returning veterans, and inter
cultuial and inter-racial problems.
Dr. Louis Wirth, head of the Soci
ology Department of the University
of Chicago, will deliver the evening
lecture series and act as chief con
sultant.
Dr. Wirth, an authority on the
sociology of the community, has
written a number of books in the
field and has served with the Na
tional Resources Planning Board.
Last year he was Director of Plan
ning for the State of Illinois.
Friday marked the opening of The
Community Leadership Workshop on
Stanford's campus with Dr. Ernest
R. Hilgard, Executive Head of the
Department of Psychology, and Dr.
I .James Quillen, Associate Profes
sor of Education, as directors.
Other Stanford professors taking
part in the program of the Work
shop are Dean Edwin A. Cottrell,
School of Social Sciences; Dr. David
Favilie, Professor of Marketing,
Graduate School of Business; Dr.
W. H. Cowley, Professor of Educa
tion; and Dr. Paul R. Hanna, Profes
sor of Education. Mrs. Gertrude
Howard of Los Angeles, who is on
campus for the summer session, is
attending as a representative of that
city.
Discussion will center around new
planning problems which will con
front California communities. There
will be opportunity for analysis of
major trends in community life and
the development of co-ordinated
programs of community action.
Prominent civic, business, profes
sional, and labor leaders will par
ticipate in leading discussion groups.
Topics to be discussed include ov
er-all community planning, youth
problems, housing, economic de
velopment and full employment,
community health, education, plans
for returning veterans, and inter
cultuial and inter-racial problems.
Dr. Louis Wirth, head of the Soci
ology Department of the University
of Chicago, will deliver the evening
lecture series and act as chief con
sultant.
Dr. Wirth, an authority on the
sociology of the community, has
written a number of books in the
field and has served with the Na
tional Resources Planning Board.
Last year he was Director of Plan
ning for the State of Illinois.
Friday marked the opening of The
Community Leadership Workshop on
Stanford's campus with Dr. Ernest
R. Hilgard, Executive Head of the
Department of Psychology, and Dr.
I .James Quillen, Associate Profes
sor of Education, as directors.
Other Stanford professors taking
part in the program of the Work
shop are Dean Edwin A. Cottrell,
School of Social Sciences; Dr. David
Favilie, Professor of Marketing,
Graduate School of Business; Dr.
W. H. Cowley, Professor of Educa
tion; and Dr. Paul R. Hanna, Profes
sor of Education. Mrs. Gertrude
Howard of Los Angeles, who is on
campus for the summer session, is
attending as a representative of that
city.
Discussion will center around new
planning problems which will con
front California communities. There
will be opportunity for analysis of
major trends in community life and
the development of co-ordinated
programs of community action.
Prominent civic, business, profes
sional, and labor leaders will par
ticipate in leading discussion groups.
Topics to be discussed include ov
er-all community planning, youth
problems, housing, economic de
velopment and full employment,
community health, education, plans
for returning veterans, and inter
cultuial and inter-racial problems.
Dr. Louis Wirth, head of the Soci
ology Department of the University
of Chicago, will deliver the evening
lecture series and act as chief con
sultant.
Dr. Wirth, an authority on the
sociology of the community, has
written a number of books in the
field and has served with the Na
tional Resources Planning Board.
Last year he was Director of Plan
ning for the State of Illinois.
Friday marked the opening of The
Community Leadership Workshop on
Stanford's campus with Dr. Ernest
R. Hilgard, Executive Head of the
Department of Psychology, and Dr.
I .James Quillen, Associate Profes
sor of Education, as directors.
Other Stanford professors taking
part in the program of the Work
shop are Dean Edwin A. Cottrell,
School of Social Sciences; Dr. David
Favilie, Professor of Marketing,
Graduate School of Business; Dr.
W. H. Cowley, Professor of Educa
tion; and Dr. Paul R. Hanna, Profes
sor of Education. Mrs. Gertrude
Howard of Los Angeles, who is on
campus for the summer session, is
attending as a representative of that
city.
Discussion will center around new
planning problems which will con
front California communities. There
will be opportunity for analysis of
major trends in community life and
the development of co-ordinated
programs of community action.
Prominent civic, business, profes
sional, and labor leaders will par
ticipate in leading discussion groups.
Topics to be discussed include ov
er-all community planning, youth
problems, housing, economic de
velopment and full employment,
community health, education, plans
for returning veterans, and inter
cultuial and inter-racial problems.
Dr. Louis Wirth, head of the Soci
ology Department of the University
of Chicago, will deliver the evening
lecture series and act as chief con
sultant.
Dr. Wirth, an authority on the
sociology of the community, has
written a number of books in the
field and has served with the Na
tional Resources Planning Board.
Last year he was Director of Plan
ning for the State of Illinois.
Friday marked the opening of The
Community Leadership Workshop on
Stanford's campus with Dr. Ernest
R. Hilgard, Executive Head of the
Department of Psychology, and Dr.
I .James Quillen, Associate Profes
sor of Education, as directors.
Other Stanford professors taking
part in the program of the Work
shop are Dean Edwin A. Cottrell,
School of Social Sciences; Dr. David
Favilie, Professor of Marketing,
Graduate School of Business; Dr.
W. H. Cowley, Professor of Educa
tion; and Dr. Paul R. Hanna, Profes
sor of Education. Mrs. Gertrude
Howard of Los Angeles, who is on
campus for the summer session, is
attending as a representative of that
city.
Discussion will center around new
planning problems which will con
front California communities. There
will be opportunity for analysis of
major trends in community life and
the development of co-ordinated
programs of community action.
Prominent civic, business, profes
sional, and labor leaders will par
ticipate in leading discussion groups.
Topics to be discussed include ov
er-all community planning, youth
problems, housing, economic de
velopment and full employment,
community health, education, plans
for returning veterans, and inter
cultuial and inter-racial problems.
Dr. Louis Wirth, head of the Soci
ology Department of the University
of Chicago, will deliver the evening
lecture series and act as chief con
sultant.
Dr. Wirth, an authority on the
sociology of the community, has
written a number of books in the
field and has served with the Na
tional Resources Planning Board.
Last year he was Director of Plan
ning for the State of Illinois.
