# No Tuesday Eve. Lecture Tonight
## 
### 
There will be no regular
Tuesday Evening Series lec
ture tonight, as the program
for fall quarter has been com
pleted. The series, sponsoivd
by the Committee on Public
Exercises, will resume next
quarter.
There will be no regular
Tuesday Evening Series lec
ture tonight, as the program
for fall quarter has been com
pleted. The series, sponsoivd
by the Committee on Public
Exercises, will resume next
quarter.
There will be no regular
Tuesday Evening Series lec
ture tonight, as the program
for fall quarter has been com
pleted. The series, sponsoivd
by the Committee on Public
Exercises, will resume next
quarter.
There will be no regular
Tuesday Evening Series lec
ture tonight, as the program
for fall quarter has been com
pleted. The series, sponsoivd
by the Committee on Public
Exercises, will resume next
quarter.
There will be no regular
Tuesday Evening Series lec
ture tonight, as the program
for fall quarter has been com
pleted. The series, sponsoivd
by the Committee on Public
Exercises, will resume next
quarter.
There will be no regular
Tuesday Evening Series lec
ture tonight, as the program
for fall quarter has been com
pleted. The series, sponsoivd
by the Committee on Public
Exercises, will resume next
quarter.
There will be no regular
Tuesday Evening Series lec
ture tonight, as the program
for fall quarter has been com
pleted. The series, sponsoivd
by the Committee on Public
Exercises, will resume next
quarter.
There will be no regular
Tuesday Evening Series lec
ture tonight, as the program
for fall quarter has been com
pleted. The series, sponsoivd
by the Committee on Public
Exercises, will resume next
quarter.
There will be no regular
Tuesday Evening Series lec
ture tonight, as the program
for fall quarter has been com
pleted. The series, sponsoivd
by the Committee on Public
Exercises, will resume next
quarter.
There will be no regular
Tuesday Evening Series lec
ture tonight, as the program
for fall quarter has been com
pleted. The series, sponsoivd
by the Committee on Public
Exercises, will resume next
quarter.
There will be no regular
Tuesday Evening Series lec
ture tonight, as the program
for fall quarter has been com
pleted. The series, sponsoivd
by the Committee on Public
Exercises, will resume next
quarter.
There will be no regular
Tuesday Evening Series lec
ture tonight, as the program
for fall quarter has been com
pleted. The series, sponsoivd
by the Committee on Public
Exercises, will resume next
quarter.
There will be no regular
Tuesday Evening Series lec
ture tonight, as the program
for fall quarter has been com
pleted. The series, sponsoivd
by the Committee on Public
Exercises, will resume next
quarter.
There will be no regular
Tuesday Evening Series lec
ture tonight, as the program
for fall quarter has been com
pleted. The series, sponsoivd
by the Committee on Public
Exercises, will resume next
quarter.
There will be no regular
Tuesday Evening Series lec
ture tonight, as the program
for fall quarter has been com
pleted. The series, sponsoivd
by the Committee on Public
Exercises, will resume next
quarter.
There will be no regular
Tuesday Evening Series lec
ture tonight, as the program
for fall quarter has been com
pleted. The series, sponsoivd
by the Committee on Public
Exercises, will resume next
quarter.
There will be no regular
Tuesday Evening Series lec
ture tonight, as the program
for fall quarter has been com
pleted. The series, sponsoivd
by the Committee on Public
Exercises, will resume next
quarter.
