# Religious Notice
## NOONDAY SERVICES 
### 
Noonday prayer and meditation
services will be held at Memorial
Church dally from 11:55 to 12:05 be
uinniiiL' Monday.
Noonday prayer and meditation
services will be held at Memorial
Church dally from 11:55 to 12:05 be
uinniiiL' Monday.
Noonday prayer and meditation
services will be held at Memorial
Church dally from 11:55 to 12:05 be
uinniiiL' Monday.
Noonday prayer and meditation
services will be held at Memorial
Church dally from 11:55 to 12:05 be
uinniiiL' Monday.
Noonday prayer and meditation
services will be held at Memorial
Church dally from 11:55 to 12:05 be
uinniiiL' Monday.
Noonday prayer and meditation
services will be held at Memorial
Church dally from 11:55 to 12:05 be
uinniiiL' Monday.
Noonday prayer and meditation
services will be held at Memorial
Church dally from 11:55 to 12:05 be
uinniiiL' Monday.
Noonday prayer and meditation
services will be held at Memorial
Church dally from 11:55 to 12:05 be
uinniiiL' Monday.
Noonday prayer and meditation
services will be held at Memorial
Church dally from 11:55 to 12:05 be
uinniiiL' Monday.
Noonday prayer and meditation
services will be held at Memorial
Church dally from 11:55 to 12:05 be
uinniiiL' Monday.
Noonday prayer and meditation
services will be held at Memorial
Church dally from 11:55 to 12:05 be
uinniiiL' Monday.
Noonday prayer and meditation
services will be held at Memorial
Church dally from 11:55 to 12:05 be
uinniiiL' Monday.
Noonday prayer and meditation
services will be held at Memorial
Church dally from 11:55 to 12:05 be
uinniiiL' Monday.
Noonday prayer and meditation
services will be held at Memorial
Church dally from 11:55 to 12:05 be
uinniiiL' Monday.
Noonday prayer and meditation
services will be held at Memorial
Church dally from 11:55 to 12:05 be
uinniiiL' Monday.
