# Mathematicians to Meet at Stanford.
## 
### 
The regular meeting of the San
Francisco section of the American
Mathematical Society will he held
at Stanford, Saturday, April 30th.
The meeting will be divided into
two sessions; the morning session
will open at 11 and the afternoon
session will begin at 2. G. C. Mil
ler, associate professor of Mathe
matics, is secretary of the commit
tee in charge of the program.
The regular meeting of the San
Francisco section of the American
Mathematical Society will he held
at Stanford, Saturday, April 30th.
The meeting will be divided into
two sessions; the morning session
will open at 11 and the afternoon
session will begin at 2. G. C. Mil
ler, associate professor of Mathe
matics, is secretary of the commit
tee in charge of the program.
The regular meeting of the San
Francisco section of the American
Mathematical Society will he held
at Stanford, Saturday, April 30th.
The meeting will be divided into
two sessions; the morning session
will open at 11 and the afternoon
session will begin at 2. G. C. Mil
ler, associate professor of Mathe
matics, is secretary of the commit
tee in charge of the program.
The regular meeting of the San
Francisco section of the American
Mathematical Society will he held
at Stanford, Saturday, April 30th.
The meeting will be divided into
two sessions; the morning session
will open at 11 and the afternoon
session will begin at 2. G. C. Mil
ler, associate professor of Mathe
matics, is secretary of the commit
tee in charge of the program.
The regular meeting of the San
Francisco section of the American
Mathematical Society will he held
at Stanford, Saturday, April 30th.
The meeting will be divided into
two sessions; the morning session
will open at 11 and the afternoon
session will begin at 2. G. C. Mil
ler, associate professor of Mathe
matics, is secretary of the commit
tee in charge of the program.
The regular meeting of the San
Francisco section of the American
Mathematical Society will he held
at Stanford, Saturday, April 30th.
The meeting will be divided into
two sessions; the morning session
will open at 11 and the afternoon
session will begin at 2. G. C. Mil
ler, associate professor of Mathe
matics, is secretary of the commit
tee in charge of the program.
The regular meeting of the San
Francisco section of the American
Mathematical Society will he held
at Stanford, Saturday, April 30th.
The meeting will be divided into
two sessions; the morning session
will open at 11 and the afternoon
session will begin at 2. G. C. Mil
ler, associate professor of Mathe
matics, is secretary of the commit
tee in charge of the program.
The regular meeting of the San
Francisco section of the American
Mathematical Society will he held
at Stanford, Saturday, April 30th.
The meeting will be divided into
two sessions; the morning session
will open at 11 and the afternoon
session will begin at 2. G. C. Mil
ler, associate professor of Mathe
matics, is secretary of the commit
tee in charge of the program.
