# Tennis Tournament Will Be Held.
## 
### 
On account of severe rains dur
ing the past few week?, work has
been delayed upon the two new
tennis courts in front of Encina
Hall. Ah soon as the weather per
mits, however, work will be resum
ed and the courts will be completed
as quickly as possible. Few of the
tennis men have been out so far
this season owing to the bad
weather, but the intercollegiate try
outs, which will be arranged as
soon as the courts are in condition
to be used, are expected to bring
out all men interested in tennis.
At a meeting of the Athletic
Committee last night it was decided
to change the system of selecting
the doubles team for the intercol
legiate contest. Formerly the two

men who composed the doubles
team were the winner and the run
ner-up in the singles tournament.
This plan has not been entirely
successful in the past, and conse
quently the Athletic Committee has
decided to have the intercollegiate
doubles selected by holding a doub
les tournament. It is thought that
this plan will tend to develop bet
ter team work and will also tend to
bring out more men for tenuis.
On account of severe rains dur
ing the past few week?, work has
been delayed upon the two new
tennis courts in front of Encina
Hall. Ah soon as the weather per
mits, however, work will be resum
ed and the courts will be completed
as quickly as possible. Few of the
tennis men have been out so far
this season owing to the bad
weather, but the intercollegiate try
outs, which will be arranged as
soon as the courts are in condition
to be used, are expected to bring
out all men interested in tennis.
At a meeting of the Athletic
Committee last night it was decided
to change the system of selecting
the doubles team for the intercol
legiate contest. Formerly the two

men who composed the doubles
team were the winner and the run
ner-up in the singles tournament.
This plan has not been entirely
successful in the past, and conse
quently the Athletic Committee has
decided to have the intercollegiate
doubles selected by holding a doub
les tournament. It is thought that
this plan will tend to develop bet
ter team work and will also tend to
bring out more men for tenuis.
On account of severe rains dur
ing the past few week?, work has
been delayed upon the two new
tennis courts in front of Encina
Hall. Ah soon as the weather per
mits, however, work will be resum
ed and the courts will be completed
as quickly as possible. Few of the
tennis men have been out so far
this season owing to the bad
weather, but the intercollegiate try
outs, which will be arranged as
soon as the courts are in condition
to be used, are expected to bring
out all men interested in tennis.
At a meeting of the Athletic
Committee last night it was decided
to change the system of selecting
the doubles team for the intercol
legiate contest. Formerly the two

men who composed the doubles
team were the winner and the run
ner-up in the singles tournament.
This plan has not been entirely
successful in the past, and conse
quently the Athletic Committee has
decided to have the intercollegiate
doubles selected by holding a doub
les tournament. It is thought that
this plan will tend to develop bet
ter team work and will also tend to
bring out more men for tenuis.
On account of severe rains dur
ing the past few week?, work has
been delayed upon the two new
tennis courts in front of Encina
Hall. Ah soon as the weather per
mits, however, work will be resum
ed and the courts will be completed
as quickly as possible. Few of the
tennis men have been out so far
this season owing to the bad
weather, but the intercollegiate try
outs, which will be arranged as
soon as the courts are in condition
to be used, are expected to bring
out all men interested in tennis.
At a meeting of the Athletic
Committee last night it was decided
to change the system of selecting
the doubles team for the intercol
legiate contest. Formerly the two

men who composed the doubles
team were the winner and the run
ner-up in the singles tournament.
This plan has not been entirely
successful in the past, and conse
quently the Athletic Committee has
decided to have the intercollegiate
doubles selected by holding a doub
les tournament. It is thought that
this plan will tend to develop bet
ter team work and will also tend to
bring out more men for tenuis.
On account of severe rains dur
ing the past few week?, work has
been delayed upon the two new
tennis courts in front of Encina
Hall. Ah soon as the weather per
mits, however, work will be resum
ed and the courts will be completed
as quickly as possible. Few of the
tennis men have been out so far
this season owing to the bad
weather, but the intercollegiate try
outs, which will be arranged as
soon as the courts are in condition
to be used, are expected to bring
out all men interested in tennis.
At a meeting of the Athletic
Committee last night it was decided
to change the system of selecting
the doubles team for the intercol
legiate contest. Formerly the two

men who composed the doubles
team were the winner and the run
ner-up in the singles tournament.
This plan has not been entirely
successful in the past, and conse
quently the Athletic Committee has
decided to have the intercollegiate
doubles selected by holding a doub
les tournament. It is thought that
this plan will tend to develop bet
ter team work and will also tend to
bring out more men for tenuis.
On account of severe rains dur
ing the past few week?, work has
been delayed upon the two new
tennis courts in front of Encina
Hall. Ah soon as the weather per
mits, however, work will be resum
ed and the courts will be completed
as quickly as possible. Few of the
tennis men have been out so far
this season owing to the bad
weather, but the intercollegiate try
outs, which will be arranged as
soon as the courts are in condition
to be used, are expected to bring
out all men interested in tennis.
At a meeting of the Athletic
Committee last night it was decided
to change the system of selecting
the doubles team for the intercol
legiate contest. Formerly the two

men who composed the doubles
team were the winner and the run
ner-up in the singles tournament.
This plan has not been entirely
successful in the past, and conse
quently the Athletic Committee has
decided to have the intercollegiate
doubles selected by holding a doub
les tournament. It is thought that
this plan will tend to develop bet
ter team work and will also tend to
bring out more men for tenuis.
On account of severe rains dur
ing the past few week?, work has
been delayed upon the two new
tennis courts in front of Encina
Hall. Ah soon as the weather per
mits, however, work will be resum
ed and the courts will be completed
as quickly as possible. Few of the
tennis men have been out so far
this season owing to the bad
weather, but the intercollegiate try
outs, which will be arranged as
soon as the courts are in condition
to be used, are expected to bring
out all men interested in tennis.
At a meeting of the Athletic
Committee last night it was decided
to change the system of selecting
the doubles team for the intercol
legiate contest. Formerly the two

men who composed the doubles
team were the winner and the run
ner-up in the singles tournament.
This plan has not been entirely
successful in the past, and conse
quently the Athletic Committee has
decided to have the intercollegiate
doubles selected by holding a doub
les tournament. It is thought that
this plan will tend to develop bet
ter team work and will also tend to
bring out more men for tenuis.
On account of severe rains dur
ing the past few week?, work has
been delayed upon the two new
tennis courts in front of Encina
Hall. Ah soon as the weather per
mits, however, work will be resum
ed and the courts will be completed
as quickly as possible. Few of the
tennis men have been out so far
this season owing to the bad
weather, but the intercollegiate try
outs, which will be arranged as
soon as the courts are in condition
to be used, are expected to bring
out all men interested in tennis.
At a meeting of the Athletic
Committee last night it was decided
to change the system of selecting
the doubles team for the intercol
legiate contest. Formerly the two

men who composed the doubles
team were the winner and the run
ner-up in the singles tournament.
This plan has not been entirely
successful in the past, and conse
quently the Athletic Committee has
decided to have the intercollegiate
doubles selected by holding a doub
les tournament. It is thought that
this plan will tend to develop bet
ter team work and will also tend to
bring out more men for tenuis.
