# Making Collection at Museum.
## 
### 
At the laying of the last keystone
on Tuesday, several large photo
graphs of the scene were taken by
Assistant-Curator Austin, of the
Museum. These views are being
mounted and will be placed in the
University historical collection.
Hereafter a representative set of
views will be taken of every impor
tant event in connection with the
University.
This is following the custom in
augurated by Yale and Harvard a
few years ago that a complete and
pictorial record may be preserved.
While a considerable number of
early views have already been se
cured, those most desired —such as
rush views, football squads, and
other views representative of stu
dent life—are extremely scarce. It
is expected that the English Club
in its present work of gathering
historical data of the University
will be able to find and contribute
not a few of these to the Museum
collection.
Just before the demolition of the
"Camp" a full set of views, exterior
and interior, were taken especially
for the Museum. This is the only
set in existence showing all the
phases of the life in the group of
buildings formerly known as the
"Camp." A number were also
taken of the horses of the Stock
Farm, and these will be supple
mented soon by a full series show
ing the buildings and surroundings
before any alterations are made.
Several valuable pictures have been
received from Dr. Jordan and from
the Registrar's office. Others have
been contributed by interested
alumni. Mrs. Stanford has pre
sented practically all the early
views in her possession.
It is intended to make the col
lection a depository of all books,
stories, and other publications and
souvenirs relating in any way to
Stanford life. Some of the early
numbers of the Quad, and a num
ber of issues of the Sequoia and the
Chaparral are still needed to com
plete the files. The Museum se
cured a complete file of the Daily
Palo Alto through the generosity
of Associate Librarian Dodge.
An effort is being made to collect
all the written manuscripts of
books and storieß relating to Stan
ford. In addition to those already
received, many more have been
promised by alumni prominent in
letters. Posters, class-programs,
farces, and like material are espec
ially sought. There is considera
ble Stanford material for exchange
with any one who is making a pri
vate collection.
At the laying of the last keystone
on Tuesday, several large photo
graphs of the scene were taken by
Assistant-Curator Austin, of the
Museum. These views are being
mounted and will be placed in the
University historical collection.
Hereafter a representative set of
views will be taken of every impor
tant event in connection with the
University.
This is following the custom in
augurated by Yale and Harvard a
few years ago that a complete and
pictorial record may be preserved.
While a considerable number of
early views have already been se
cured, those most desired —such as
rush views, football squads, and
other views representative of stu
dent life—are extremely scarce. It
is expected that the English Club
in its present work of gathering
historical data of the University
will be able to find and contribute
not a few of these to the Museum
collection.
Just before the demolition of the
"Camp" a full set of views, exterior
and interior, were taken especially
for the Museum. This is the only
set in existence showing all the
phases of the life in the group of
buildings formerly known as the
"Camp." A number were also
taken of the horses of the Stock
Farm, and these will be supple
mented soon by a full series show
ing the buildings and surroundings
before any alterations are made.
Several valuable pictures have been
received from Dr. Jordan and from
the Registrar's office. Others have
been contributed by interested
alumni. Mrs. Stanford has pre
sented practically all the early
views in her possession.
It is intended to make the col
lection a depository of all books,
stories, and other publications and
souvenirs relating in any way to
Stanford life. Some of the early
numbers of the Quad, and a num
ber of issues of the Sequoia and the
Chaparral are still needed to com
plete the files. The Museum se
cured a complete file of the Daily
Palo Alto through the generosity
of Associate Librarian Dodge.
An effort is being made to collect
all the written manuscripts of
books and storieß relating to Stan
ford. In addition to those already
received, many more have been
promised by alumni prominent in
letters. Posters, class-programs,
farces, and like material are espec
ially sought. There is considera
ble Stanford material for exchange
with any one who is making a pri
vate collection.
At the laying of the last keystone
on Tuesday, several large photo
graphs of the scene were taken by
Assistant-Curator Austin, of the
Museum. These views are being
mounted and will be placed in the
University historical collection.
Hereafter a representative set of
views will be taken of every impor
tant event in connection with the
University.
This is following the custom in
augurated by Yale and Harvard a
few years ago that a complete and
pictorial record may be preserved.
While a considerable number of
early views have already been se
cured, those most desired —such as
rush views, football squads, and
other views representative of stu
dent life—are extremely scarce. It
is expected that the English Club
in its present work of gathering
historical data of the University
will be able to find and contribute
not a few of these to the Museum
collection.
Just before the demolition of the
"Camp" a full set of views, exterior
and interior, were taken especially
for the Museum. This is the only
set in existence showing all the
phases of the life in the group of
buildings formerly known as the
"Camp." A number were also
taken of the horses of the Stock
Farm, and these will be supple
mented soon by a full series show
ing the buildings and surroundings
before any alterations are made.
Several valuable pictures have been
received from Dr. Jordan and from
the Registrar's office. Others have
been contributed by interested
alumni. Mrs. Stanford has pre
sented practically all the early
views in her possession.
It is intended to make the col
lection a depository of all books,
stories, and other publications and
souvenirs relating in any way to
Stanford life. Some of the early
numbers of the Quad, and a num
ber of issues of the Sequoia and the
Chaparral are still needed to com
plete the files. The Museum se
cured a complete file of the Daily
Palo Alto through the generosity
of Associate Librarian Dodge.
An effort is being made to collect
all the written manuscripts of
books and storieß relating to Stan
ford. In addition to those already
received, many more have been
promised by alumni prominent in
letters. Posters, class-programs,
farces, and like material are espec
ially sought. There is considera
ble Stanford material for exchange
with any one who is making a pri
vate collection.
At the laying of the last keystone
on Tuesday, several large photo
graphs of the scene were taken by
Assistant-Curator Austin, of the
Museum. These views are being
mounted and will be placed in the
University historical collection.
Hereafter a representative set of
views will be taken of every impor
tant event in connection with the
University.
This is following the custom in
augurated by Yale and Harvard a
few years ago that a complete and
pictorial record may be preserved.
While a considerable number of
early views have already been se
cured, those most desired —such as
rush views, football squads, and
other views representative of stu
dent life—are extremely scarce. It
is expected that the English Club
in its present work of gathering
historical data of the University
will be able to find and contribute
not a few of these to the Museum
collection.
Just before the demolition of the
"Camp" a full set of views, exterior
and interior, were taken especially
for the Museum. This is the only
set in existence showing all the
phases of the life in the group of
buildings formerly known as the
"Camp." A number were also
taken of the horses of the Stock
Farm, and these will be supple
mented soon by a full series show
ing the buildings and surroundings
before any alterations are made.
Several valuable pictures have been
received from Dr. Jordan and from
the Registrar's office. Others have
been contributed by interested
alumni. Mrs. Stanford has pre
sented practically all the early
views in her possession.
It is intended to make the col
lection a depository of all books,
stories, and other publications and
souvenirs relating in any way to
Stanford life. Some of the early
numbers of the Quad, and a num
ber of issues of the Sequoia and the
Chaparral are still needed to com
plete the files. The Museum se
cured a complete file of the Daily
Palo Alto through the generosity
of Associate Librarian Dodge.
An effort is being made to collect
all the written manuscripts of
books and storieß relating to Stan
ford. In addition to those already
received, many more have been
promised by alumni prominent in
letters. Posters, class-programs,
farces, and like material are espec
ially sought. There is considera
ble Stanford material for exchange
with any one who is making a pri
vate collection.
At the laying of the last keystone
on Tuesday, several large photo
graphs of the scene were taken by
Assistant-Curator Austin, of the
Museum. These views are being
mounted and will be placed in the
University historical collection.
Hereafter a representative set of
views will be taken of every impor
tant event in connection with the
University.
This is following the custom in
augurated by Yale and Harvard a
few years ago that a complete and
pictorial record may be preserved.
While a considerable number of
early views have already been se
cured, those most desired —such as
rush views, football squads, and
other views representative of stu
dent life—are extremely scarce. It
is expected that the English Club
in its present work of gathering
historical data of the University
will be able to find and contribute
not a few of these to the Museum
collection.
Just before the demolition of the
"Camp" a full set of views, exterior
and interior, were taken especially
for the Museum. This is the only
set in existence showing all the
phases of the life in the group of
buildings formerly known as the
"Camp." A number were also
taken of the horses of the Stock
Farm, and these will be supple
mented soon by a full series show
ing the buildings and surroundings
before any alterations are made.
Several valuable pictures have been
received from Dr. Jordan and from
the Registrar's office. Others have
been contributed by interested
alumni. Mrs. Stanford has pre
sented practically all the early
views in her possession.
It is intended to make the col
lection a depository of all books,
stories, and other publications and
souvenirs relating in any way to
Stanford life. Some of the early
numbers of the Quad, and a num
ber of issues of the Sequoia and the
Chaparral are still needed to com
plete the files. The Museum se
cured a complete file of the Daily
Palo Alto through the generosity
of Associate Librarian Dodge.
An effort is being made to collect
all the written manuscripts of
books and storieß relating to Stan
ford. In addition to those already
received, many more have been
promised by alumni prominent in
letters. Posters, class-programs,
farces, and like material are espec
ially sought. There is considera
ble Stanford material for exchange
with any one who is making a pri
vate collection.
At the laying of the last keystone
on Tuesday, several large photo
graphs of the scene were taken by
Assistant-Curator Austin, of the
Museum. These views are being
mounted and will be placed in the
University historical collection.
Hereafter a representative set of
views will be taken of every impor
tant event in connection with the
University.
This is following the custom in
augurated by Yale and Harvard a
few years ago that a complete and
pictorial record may be preserved.
While a considerable number of
early views have already been se
cured, those most desired —such as
rush views, football squads, and
other views representative of stu
dent life—are extremely scarce. It
is expected that the English Club
in its present work of gathering
historical data of the University
will be able to find and contribute
not a few of these to the Museum
collection.
Just before the demolition of the
"Camp" a full set of views, exterior
and interior, were taken especially
for the Museum. This is the only
set in existence showing all the
phases of the life in the group of
buildings formerly known as the
"Camp." A number were also
taken of the horses of the Stock
Farm, and these will be supple
mented soon by a full series show
ing the buildings and surroundings
before any alterations are made.
Several valuable pictures have been
received from Dr. Jordan and from
the Registrar's office. Others have
been contributed by interested
alumni. Mrs. Stanford has pre
sented practically all the early
views in her possession.
It is intended to make the col
lection a depository of all books,
stories, and other publications and
souvenirs relating in any way to
Stanford life. Some of the early
numbers of the Quad, and a num
ber of issues of the Sequoia and the
Chaparral are still needed to com
plete the files. The Museum se
cured a complete file of the Daily
Palo Alto through the generosity
of Associate Librarian Dodge.
An effort is being made to collect
all the written manuscripts of
books and storieß relating to Stan
ford. In addition to those already
received, many more have been
promised by alumni prominent in
letters. Posters, class-programs,
farces, and like material are espec
ially sought. There is considera
ble Stanford material for exchange
with any one who is making a pri
vate collection.
At the laying of the last keystone
on Tuesday, several large photo
graphs of the scene were taken by
Assistant-Curator Austin, of the
Museum. These views are being
mounted and will be placed in the
University historical collection.
Hereafter a representative set of
views will be taken of every impor
tant event in connection with the
University.
This is following the custom in
augurated by Yale and Harvard a
few years ago that a complete and
pictorial record may be preserved.
While a considerable number of
early views have already been se
cured, those most desired —such as
rush views, football squads, and
other views representative of stu
dent life—are extremely scarce. It
is expected that the English Club
in its present work of gathering
historical data of the University
will be able to find and contribute
not a few of these to the Museum
collection.
Just before the demolition of the
"Camp" a full set of views, exterior
and interior, were taken especially
for the Museum. This is the only
set in existence showing all the
phases of the life in the group of
buildings formerly known as the
"Camp." A number were also
taken of the horses of the Stock
Farm, and these will be supple
mented soon by a full series show
ing the buildings and surroundings
before any alterations are made.
Several valuable pictures have been
received from Dr. Jordan and from
the Registrar's office. Others have
been contributed by interested
alumni. Mrs. Stanford has pre
sented practically all the early
views in her possession.
It is intended to make the col
lection a depository of all books,
stories, and other publications and
souvenirs relating in any way to
Stanford life. Some of the early
numbers of the Quad, and a num
ber of issues of the Sequoia and the
Chaparral are still needed to com
plete the files. The Museum se
cured a complete file of the Daily
Palo Alto through the generosity
of Associate Librarian Dodge.
An effort is being made to collect
all the written manuscripts of
books and storieß relating to Stan
ford. In addition to those already
received, many more have been
promised by alumni prominent in
letters. Posters, class-programs,
farces, and like material are espec
ially sought. There is considera
ble Stanford material for exchange
with any one who is making a pri
vate collection.
At the laying of the last keystone
on Tuesday, several large photo
graphs of the scene were taken by
Assistant-Curator Austin, of the
Museum. These views are being
mounted and will be placed in the
University historical collection.
Hereafter a representative set of
views will be taken of every impor
tant event in connection with the
University.
This is following the custom in
augurated by Yale and Harvard a
few years ago that a complete and
pictorial record may be preserved.
While a considerable number of
early views have already been se
cured, those most desired —such as
rush views, football squads, and
other views representative of stu
dent life—are extremely scarce. It
is expected that the English Club
in its present work of gathering
historical data of the University
will be able to find and contribute
not a few of these to the Museum
collection.
Just before the demolition of the
"Camp" a full set of views, exterior
and interior, were taken especially
for the Museum. This is the only
set in existence showing all the
phases of the life in the group of
buildings formerly known as the
"Camp." A number were also
taken of the horses of the Stock
Farm, and these will be supple
mented soon by a full series show
ing the buildings and surroundings
before any alterations are made.
Several valuable pictures have been
received from Dr. Jordan and from
the Registrar's office. Others have
been contributed by interested
alumni. Mrs. Stanford has pre
sented practically all the early
views in her possession.
It is intended to make the col
lection a depository of all books,
stories, and other publications and
souvenirs relating in any way to
Stanford life. Some of the early
numbers of the Quad, and a num
ber of issues of the Sequoia and the
Chaparral are still needed to com
plete the files. The Museum se
cured a complete file of the Daily
Palo Alto through the generosity
of Associate Librarian Dodge.
An effort is being made to collect
all the written manuscripts of
books and storieß relating to Stan
ford. In addition to those already
received, many more have been
promised by alumni prominent in
letters. Posters, class-programs,
farces, and like material are espec
ially sought. There is considera
ble Stanford material for exchange
with any one who is making a pri
vate collection.
