# "Chaparral's" New "Dress."
## 
### 
. The Chaparral comes out this
week with a new cover and a new
typographical "dress" which helps
its appearance materially. *' Chap
pie" no longer stands erect, ham
mer in hand, but reclines upon a
stone hench. The design is the
work of R. W. Borough, '04. The
most notable thing about the issue
is the striking improvement in the
art work. B. C. Bubb, '04, con
tributes a very creditable double
page football illustration, and a
new man, Paul Terry, furnishes
some very good figures. The Chap
arral takes occasion to reprint,
without comment, statements from
the Daily Californian and the Occi
dent The good taste of the Chap
arral in doing this may well he
questioned. It would not seem to
be good (Stanford spirit to reprint
and give wider circulation to a
slander upon the good name of the
University, or to a foolish and un
important attHck upon a Stanford
editor. These reports, uncontra
dicted, no abroad and do us no
good. The action does not seem in
harmony with the polic}' laid down
in the same issue of protecting
Stanford's fair name.
