# Adv. 10 Page 4
## 
### 
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Adults 55c tax inc.
NOW PLAYING
'EAGLE
SQUADRON"
Starring
1 ROBERT STACK
DIANNA BARRYMORE
JON HALL
and
A CAST OF 2.000
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Adults 55c tax inc.
NOW PLAYING
'EAGLE
SQUADRON"
Starring
1 ROBERT STACK
DIANNA BARRYMORE
JON HALL
and
A CAST OF 2.000
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Adults 55c tax inc.
NOW PLAYING
'EAGLE
SQUADRON"
Starring
1 ROBERT STACK
DIANNA BARRYMORE
JON HALL
and
A CAST OF 2.000
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Adults 55c tax inc.
NOW PLAYING
'EAGLE
SQUADRON"
Starring
1 ROBERT STACK
DIANNA BARRYMORE
JON HALL
and
A CAST OF 2.000
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Adults 55c tax inc.
NOW PLAYING
'EAGLE
SQUADRON"
Starring
1 ROBERT STACK
DIANNA BARRYMORE
JON HALL
and
A CAST OF 2.000
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Adults 55c tax inc.
NOW PLAYING
'EAGLE
SQUADRON"
Starring
1 ROBERT STACK
DIANNA BARRYMORE
JON HALL
and
A CAST OF 2.000
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Adults 55c tax inc.
NOW PLAYING
'EAGLE
SQUADRON"
Starring
1 ROBERT STACK
DIANNA BARRYMORE
JON HALL
and
A CAST OF 2.000
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Adults 55c tax inc.
NOW PLAYING
'EAGLE
SQUADRON"
Starring
1 ROBERT STACK
DIANNA BARRYMORE
JON HALL
and
A CAST OF 2.000
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Adults 55c tax inc.
NOW PLAYING
'EAGLE
SQUADRON"
Starring
1 ROBERT STACK
DIANNA BARRYMORE
JON HALL
and
A CAST OF 2.000
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Adults 55c tax inc.
NOW PLAYING
'EAGLE
SQUADRON"
Starring
1 ROBERT STACK
DIANNA BARRYMORE
JON HALL
and
A CAST OF 2.000
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Adults 55c tax inc.
NOW PLAYING
'EAGLE
SQUADRON"
Starring
1 ROBERT STACK
DIANNA BARRYMORE
JON HALL
and
A CAST OF 2.000
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Adults 55c tax inc.
NOW PLAYING
'EAGLE
SQUADRON"
Starring
1 ROBERT STACK
DIANNA BARRYMORE
JON HALL
and
A CAST OF 2.000
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Adults 55c tax inc.
NOW PLAYING
'EAGLE
SQUADRON"
Starring
1 ROBERT STACK
DIANNA BARRYMORE
JON HALL
and
A CAST OF 2.000
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Adults 55c tax inc.
NOW PLAYING
'EAGLE
SQUADRON"
Starring
1 ROBERT STACK
DIANNA BARRYMORE
JON HALL
and
A CAST OF 2.000
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Adults 55c tax inc.
NOW PLAYING
'EAGLE
SQUADRON"
Starring
1 ROBERT STACK
DIANNA BARRYMORE
JON HALL
and
A CAST OF 2.000
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Adults 55c tax inc.
NOW PLAYING
'EAGLE
SQUADRON"
Starring
1 ROBERT STACK
DIANNA BARRYMORE
JON HALL
and
A CAST OF 2.000
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Adults 55c tax inc.
NOW PLAYING
'EAGLE
SQUADRON"
Starring
1 ROBERT STACK
DIANNA BARRYMORE
JON HALL
and
A CAST OF 2.000
