# University Press To Be Represented
## 
### 
William Hawley Davis, editor, and
Stanley M. Croonquist, sales man
ager of Stanford University Press,
will be the speakers in a panel dis
cussion on the problems of editors
and publishers before the Writer's
Conference of the West in Berkeley
August 29.
Professor Davis will speak on the
'"Process of Editing" and Mr. Croon
quist on the "Problems of Distribu
tion."
William Hawley Davis, editor, and
Stanley M. Croonquist, sales man
ager of Stanford University Press,
will be the speakers in a panel dis
cussion on the problems of editors
and publishers before the Writer's
Conference of the West in Berkeley
August 29.
Professor Davis will speak on the
'"Process of Editing" and Mr. Croon
quist on the "Problems of Distribu
tion."
William Hawley Davis, editor, and
Stanley M. Croonquist, sales man
ager of Stanford University Press,
will be the speakers in a panel dis
cussion on the problems of editors
and publishers before the Writer's
Conference of the West in Berkeley
August 29.
Professor Davis will speak on the
'"Process of Editing" and Mr. Croon
quist on the "Problems of Distribu
tion."
William Hawley Davis, editor, and
Stanley M. Croonquist, sales man
ager of Stanford University Press,
will be the speakers in a panel dis
cussion on the problems of editors
and publishers before the Writer's
Conference of the West in Berkeley
August 29.
Professor Davis will speak on the
'"Process of Editing" and Mr. Croon
quist on the "Problems of Distribu
tion."
William Hawley Davis, editor, and
Stanley M. Croonquist, sales man
ager of Stanford University Press,
will be the speakers in a panel dis
cussion on the problems of editors
and publishers before the Writer's
Conference of the West in Berkeley
August 29.
Professor Davis will speak on the
'"Process of Editing" and Mr. Croon
quist on the "Problems of Distribu
tion."
William Hawley Davis, editor, and
Stanley M. Croonquist, sales man
ager of Stanford University Press,
will be the speakers in a panel dis
cussion on the problems of editors
and publishers before the Writer's
Conference of the West in Berkeley
August 29.
Professor Davis will speak on the
'"Process of Editing" and Mr. Croon
quist on the "Problems of Distribu
tion."
William Hawley Davis, editor, and
Stanley M. Croonquist, sales man
ager of Stanford University Press,
will be the speakers in a panel dis
cussion on the problems of editors
and publishers before the Writer's
Conference of the West in Berkeley
August 29.
Professor Davis will speak on the
'"Process of Editing" and Mr. Croon
quist on the "Problems of Distribu
tion."
William Hawley Davis, editor, and
Stanley M. Croonquist, sales man
ager of Stanford University Press,
will be the speakers in a panel dis
cussion on the problems of editors
and publishers before the Writer's
Conference of the West in Berkeley
August 29.
Professor Davis will speak on the
'"Process of Editing" and Mr. Croon
quist on the "Problems of Distribu
tion."
William Hawley Davis, editor, and
Stanley M. Croonquist, sales man
ager of Stanford University Press,
will be the speakers in a panel dis
cussion on the problems of editors
and publishers before the Writer's
Conference of the West in Berkeley
August 29.
Professor Davis will speak on the
'"Process of Editing" and Mr. Croon
quist on the "Problems of Distribu
tion."
William Hawley Davis, editor, and
Stanley M. Croonquist, sales man
ager of Stanford University Press,
will be the speakers in a panel dis
cussion on the problems of editors
and publishers before the Writer's
Conference of the West in Berkeley
August 29.
Professor Davis will speak on the
'"Process of Editing" and Mr. Croon
quist on the "Problems of Distribu
tion."
William Hawley Davis, editor, and
Stanley M. Croonquist, sales man
ager of Stanford University Press,
will be the speakers in a panel dis
cussion on the problems of editors
and publishers before the Writer's
Conference of the West in Berkeley
August 29.
Professor Davis will speak on the
'"Process of Editing" and Mr. Croon
quist on the "Problems of Distribu
tion."
William Hawley Davis, editor, and
Stanley M. Croonquist, sales man
ager of Stanford University Press,
will be the speakers in a panel dis
cussion on the problems of editors
and publishers before the Writer's
Conference of the West in Berkeley
August 29.
Professor Davis will speak on the
'"Process of Editing" and Mr. Croon
quist on the "Problems of Distribu
tion."
William Hawley Davis, editor, and
Stanley M. Croonquist, sales man
ager of Stanford University Press,
will be the speakers in a panel dis
cussion on the problems of editors
and publishers before the Writer's
Conference of the West in Berkeley
August 29.
Professor Davis will speak on the
'"Process of Editing" and Mr. Croon
quist on the "Problems of Distribu
tion."
William Hawley Davis, editor, and
Stanley M. Croonquist, sales man
ager of Stanford University Press,
will be the speakers in a panel dis
cussion on the problems of editors
and publishers before the Writer's
Conference of the West in Berkeley
August 29.
Professor Davis will speak on the
'"Process of Editing" and Mr. Croon
quist on the "Problems of Distribu
tion."
William Hawley Davis, editor, and
Stanley M. Croonquist, sales man
ager of Stanford University Press,
will be the speakers in a panel dis
cussion on the problems of editors
and publishers before the Writer's
Conference of the West in Berkeley
August 29.
Professor Davis will speak on the
'"Process of Editing" and Mr. Croon
quist on the "Problems of Distribu
tion."
William Hawley Davis, editor, and
Stanley M. Croonquist, sales man
ager of Stanford University Press,
will be the speakers in a panel dis
cussion on the problems of editors
and publishers before the Writer's
Conference of the West in Berkeley
August 29.
Professor Davis will speak on the
'"Process of Editing" and Mr. Croon
quist on the "Problems of Distribu
tion."
William Hawley Davis, editor, and
Stanley M. Croonquist, sales man
ager of Stanford University Press,
will be the speakers in a panel dis
cussion on the problems of editors
and publishers before the Writer's
Conference of the West in Berkeley
August 29.
Professor Davis will speak on the
'"Process of Editing" and Mr. Croon
quist on the "Problems of Distribu
tion."
