# Colleges to Plan War Job Training
## 
### 
*Represenattives from 40 institu
tions will assemble here tomorrow,
under the auspices of the Ninth
Corps Area Commission on College
and University War Problems, to
discuss the problem of how effec
tively the far-western colleges are
adjusting their programs to the na
tion's war effort.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur,
president of the commission, will
open the first session in the Educa
tion Building at 9 o'clock Thursday
morning.
"We cannot hope to win this war
unless colleges keep up with war
production by fitting specialists for
the many jobs created," according to
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur. "This
current program is designed to aid
the western colleges in the planning
of well integrated war curriculum,"
he said.
*Represenattives from 40 institu
tions will assemble here tomorrow,
under the auspices of the Ninth
Corps Area Commission on College
and University War Problems, to
discuss the problem of how effec
tively the far-western colleges are
adjusting their programs to the na
tion's war effort.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur,
president of the commission, will
open the first session in the Educa
tion Building at 9 o'clock Thursday
morning.
"We cannot hope to win this war
unless colleges keep up with war
production by fitting specialists for
the many jobs created," according to
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur. "This
current program is designed to aid
the western colleges in the planning
of well integrated war curriculum,"
he said.
*Represenattives from 40 institu
tions will assemble here tomorrow,
under the auspices of the Ninth
Corps Area Commission on College
and University War Problems, to
discuss the problem of how effec
tively the far-western colleges are
adjusting their programs to the na
tion's war effort.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur,
president of the commission, will
open the first session in the Educa
tion Building at 9 o'clock Thursday
morning.
"We cannot hope to win this war
unless colleges keep up with war
production by fitting specialists for
the many jobs created," according to
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur. "This
current program is designed to aid
the western colleges in the planning
of well integrated war curriculum,"
he said.
*Represenattives from 40 institu
tions will assemble here tomorrow,
under the auspices of the Ninth
Corps Area Commission on College
and University War Problems, to
discuss the problem of how effec
tively the far-western colleges are
adjusting their programs to the na
tion's war effort.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur,
president of the commission, will
open the first session in the Educa
tion Building at 9 o'clock Thursday
morning.
"We cannot hope to win this war
unless colleges keep up with war
production by fitting specialists for
the many jobs created," according to
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur. "This
current program is designed to aid
the western colleges in the planning
of well integrated war curriculum,"
he said.
*Represenattives from 40 institu
tions will assemble here tomorrow,
under the auspices of the Ninth
Corps Area Commission on College
and University War Problems, to
discuss the problem of how effec
tively the far-western colleges are
adjusting their programs to the na
tion's war effort.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur,
president of the commission, will
open the first session in the Educa
tion Building at 9 o'clock Thursday
morning.
"We cannot hope to win this war
unless colleges keep up with war
production by fitting specialists for
the many jobs created," according to
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur. "This
current program is designed to aid
the western colleges in the planning
of well integrated war curriculum,"
he said.
*Represenattives from 40 institu
tions will assemble here tomorrow,
under the auspices of the Ninth
Corps Area Commission on College
and University War Problems, to
discuss the problem of how effec
tively the far-western colleges are
adjusting their programs to the na
tion's war effort.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur,
president of the commission, will
open the first session in the Educa
tion Building at 9 o'clock Thursday
morning.
"We cannot hope to win this war
unless colleges keep up with war
production by fitting specialists for
the many jobs created," according to
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur. "This
current program is designed to aid
the western colleges in the planning
of well integrated war curriculum,"
he said.
*Represenattives from 40 institu
tions will assemble here tomorrow,
under the auspices of the Ninth
Corps Area Commission on College
and University War Problems, to
discuss the problem of how effec
tively the far-western colleges are
adjusting their programs to the na
tion's war effort.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur,
president of the commission, will
open the first session in the Educa
tion Building at 9 o'clock Thursday
morning.
"We cannot hope to win this war
unless colleges keep up with war
production by fitting specialists for
the many jobs created," according to
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur. "This
current program is designed to aid
the western colleges in the planning
of well integrated war curriculum,"
he said.
*Represenattives from 40 institu
tions will assemble here tomorrow,
under the auspices of the Ninth
Corps Area Commission on College
and University War Problems, to
discuss the problem of how effec
tively the far-western colleges are
adjusting their programs to the na
tion's war effort.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur,
president of the commission, will
open the first session in the Educa
tion Building at 9 o'clock Thursday
morning.
"We cannot hope to win this war
unless colleges keep up with war
production by fitting specialists for
the many jobs created," according to
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur. "This
current program is designed to aid
the western colleges in the planning
of well integrated war curriculum,"
he said.
*Represenattives from 40 institu
tions will assemble here tomorrow,
under the auspices of the Ninth
Corps Area Commission on College
and University War Problems, to
discuss the problem of how effec
tively the far-western colleges are
adjusting their programs to the na
tion's war effort.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur,
president of the commission, will
open the first session in the Educa
tion Building at 9 o'clock Thursday
morning.
"We cannot hope to win this war
unless colleges keep up with war
production by fitting specialists for
the many jobs created," according to
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur. "This
current program is designed to aid
the western colleges in the planning
of well integrated war curriculum,"
he said.
*Represenattives from 40 institu
tions will assemble here tomorrow,
under the auspices of the Ninth
Corps Area Commission on College
and University War Problems, to
discuss the problem of how effec
tively the far-western colleges are
adjusting their programs to the na
tion's war effort.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur,
president of the commission, will
open the first session in the Educa
tion Building at 9 o'clock Thursday
morning.
"We cannot hope to win this war
unless colleges keep up with war
production by fitting specialists for
the many jobs created," according to
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur. "This
current program is designed to aid
the western colleges in the planning
of well integrated war curriculum,"
he said.
*Represenattives from 40 institu
tions will assemble here tomorrow,
under the auspices of the Ninth
Corps Area Commission on College
and University War Problems, to
discuss the problem of how effec
tively the far-western colleges are
adjusting their programs to the na
tion's war effort.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur,
president of the commission, will
open the first session in the Educa
tion Building at 9 o'clock Thursday
morning.
"We cannot hope to win this war
unless colleges keep up with war
production by fitting specialists for
the many jobs created," according to
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur. "This
current program is designed to aid
the western colleges in the planning
of well integrated war curriculum,"
he said.
*Represenattives from 40 institu
tions will assemble here tomorrow,
under the auspices of the Ninth
Corps Area Commission on College
and University War Problems, to
discuss the problem of how effec
tively the far-western colleges are
adjusting their programs to the na
tion's war effort.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur,
president of the commission, will
open the first session in the Educa
tion Building at 9 o'clock Thursday
morning.
"We cannot hope to win this war
unless colleges keep up with war
production by fitting specialists for
the many jobs created," according to
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur. "This
current program is designed to aid
the western colleges in the planning
of well integrated war curriculum,"
he said.
*Represenattives from 40 institu
tions will assemble here tomorrow,
under the auspices of the Ninth
Corps Area Commission on College
and University War Problems, to
discuss the problem of how effec
tively the far-western colleges are
adjusting their programs to the na
tion's war effort.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur,
president of the commission, will
open the first session in the Educa
tion Building at 9 o'clock Thursday
morning.
"We cannot hope to win this war
unless colleges keep up with war
production by fitting specialists for
the many jobs created," according to
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur. "This
current program is designed to aid
the western colleges in the planning
of well integrated war curriculum,"
he said.
*Represenattives from 40 institu
tions will assemble here tomorrow,
under the auspices of the Ninth
Corps Area Commission on College
and University War Problems, to
discuss the problem of how effec
tively the far-western colleges are
adjusting their programs to the na
tion's war effort.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur,
president of the commission, will
open the first session in the Educa
tion Building at 9 o'clock Thursday
morning.
"We cannot hope to win this war
unless colleges keep up with war
production by fitting specialists for
the many jobs created," according to
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur. "This
current program is designed to aid
the western colleges in the planning
of well integrated war curriculum,"
he said.
*Represenattives from 40 institu
tions will assemble here tomorrow,
under the auspices of the Ninth
Corps Area Commission on College
and University War Problems, to
discuss the problem of how effec
tively the far-western colleges are
adjusting their programs to the na
tion's war effort.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur,
president of the commission, will
open the first session in the Educa
tion Building at 9 o'clock Thursday
morning.
"We cannot hope to win this war
unless colleges keep up with war
production by fitting specialists for
the many jobs created," according to
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur. "This
current program is designed to aid
the western colleges in the planning
of well integrated war curriculum,"
he said.
*Represenattives from 40 institu
tions will assemble here tomorrow,
under the auspices of the Ninth
Corps Area Commission on College
and University War Problems, to
discuss the problem of how effec
tively the far-western colleges are
adjusting their programs to the na
tion's war effort.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur,
president of the commission, will
open the first session in the Educa
tion Building at 9 o'clock Thursday
morning.
"We cannot hope to win this war
unless colleges keep up with war
production by fitting specialists for
the many jobs created," according to
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur. "This
current program is designed to aid
the western colleges in the planning
of well integrated war curriculum,"
he said.
*Represenattives from 40 institu
tions will assemble here tomorrow,
under the auspices of the Ninth
Corps Area Commission on College
and University War Problems, to
discuss the problem of how effec
tively the far-western colleges are
adjusting their programs to the na
tion's war effort.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur,
president of the commission, will
open the first session in the Educa
tion Building at 9 o'clock Thursday
morning.
"We cannot hope to win this war
unless colleges keep up with war
production by fitting specialists for
the many jobs created," according to
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur. "This
current program is designed to aid
the western colleges in the planning
of well integrated war curriculum,"
he said.
