# Car Mat Collection Claimed Successful by War Committee
## 
### 
The car mat collection committee,
under the direction of A1 Cleveland,
added several hundred pounds of
scrap rubber to Stanford's Victory
Day after collections were completed
yesterday. The collection committee,
together with the aid of several sol
diers from the Page Mill Camp,
gathered back car mats from Stan
ford students in order to increase
Stanford's scrap rubber collection.
Page Mill donated two jeeps to tour
the campus for the rubber car mats.
"We think the drive was a suc
cessful one, although we wished the
students in the houses had remained
at home to aid in the collections,"
said Cleveland.
Most of the scrap rubber came
from cars that were stopped at stra
tegic comers where the car owners
were asked to donate their back car
mats. Collections at the houses did
not add much to the drive as many of
the fraternity men were not home to
Co-operate with the collectors. The
Sigma Nu house led the fraternities
in donations.

f The rubber from the collections
has been placed in front of the Me
| morial Hall. "We wish to thank all
| the students that co-operated with
the committee. If any students
feel that they would like to help in
the donations will they please con
tact one of the committee so collec
tions can be arranged for," Cleve
land said.
