# COAST GUARD PLAYS
## 
### 
Lieut. Joe Verducci. athletic di
rector of a United States Coast
Guard bay area training base, an
nounced yesterday that the Coast
Guard unit, with more than 100 play
ers on hand, will play big-time foot
ball this year. Lieut. Verducci has
taken a former California halfback.
Lieut. Joe Verducci. athletic di
rector of a United States Coast
Guard bay area training base, an
nounced yesterday that the Coast
Guard unit, with more than 100 play
ers on hand, will play big-time foot
ball this year. Lieut. Verducci has
taken a former California halfback.
Lieut. Joe Verducci. athletic di
rector of a United States Coast
Guard bay area training base, an
nounced yesterday that the Coast
Guard unit, with more than 100 play
ers on hand, will play big-time foot
ball this year. Lieut. Verducci has
taken a former California halfback.
Lieut. Joe Verducci. athletic di
rector of a United States Coast
Guard bay area training base, an
nounced yesterday that the Coast
Guard unit, with more than 100 play
ers on hand, will play big-time foot
ball this year. Lieut. Verducci has
taken a former California halfback.
Lieut. Joe Verducci. athletic di
rector of a United States Coast
Guard bay area training base, an
nounced yesterday that the Coast
Guard unit, with more than 100 play
ers on hand, will play big-time foot
ball this year. Lieut. Verducci has
taken a former California halfback.
Lieut. Joe Verducci. athletic di
rector of a United States Coast
Guard bay area training base, an
nounced yesterday that the Coast
Guard unit, with more than 100 play
ers on hand, will play big-time foot
ball this year. Lieut. Verducci has
taken a former California halfback.
Lieut. Joe Verducci. athletic di
rector of a United States Coast
Guard bay area training base, an
nounced yesterday that the Coast
Guard unit, with more than 100 play
ers on hand, will play big-time foot
ball this year. Lieut. Verducci has
taken a former California halfback.
Lieut. Joe Verducci. athletic di
rector of a United States Coast
Guard bay area training base, an
nounced yesterday that the Coast
Guard unit, with more than 100 play
ers on hand, will play big-time foot
ball this year. Lieut. Verducci has
taken a former California halfback.
Lieut. Joe Verducci. athletic di
rector of a United States Coast
Guard bay area training base, an
nounced yesterday that the Coast
Guard unit, with more than 100 play
ers on hand, will play big-time foot
ball this year. Lieut. Verducci has
taken a former California halfback.
Lieut. Joe Verducci. athletic di
rector of a United States Coast
Guard bay area training base, an
nounced yesterday that the Coast
Guard unit, with more than 100 play
ers on hand, will play big-time foot
ball this year. Lieut. Verducci has
taken a former California halfback.
Lieut. Joe Verducci. athletic di
rector of a United States Coast
Guard bay area training base, an
nounced yesterday that the Coast
Guard unit, with more than 100 play
ers on hand, will play big-time foot
ball this year. Lieut. Verducci has
taken a former California halfback.
Lieut. Joe Verducci. athletic di
rector of a United States Coast
Guard bay area training base, an
nounced yesterday that the Coast
Guard unit, with more than 100 play
ers on hand, will play big-time foot
ball this year. Lieut. Verducci has
taken a former California halfback.
Lieut. Joe Verducci. athletic di
rector of a United States Coast
Guard bay area training base, an
nounced yesterday that the Coast
Guard unit, with more than 100 play
ers on hand, will play big-time foot
ball this year. Lieut. Verducci has
taken a former California halfback.
Lieut. Joe Verducci. athletic di
rector of a United States Coast
Guard bay area training base, an
nounced yesterday that the Coast
Guard unit, with more than 100 play
ers on hand, will play big-time foot
ball this year. Lieut. Verducci has
taken a former California halfback.
Lieut. Joe Verducci. athletic di
rector of a United States Coast
Guard bay area training base, an
nounced yesterday that the Coast
Guard unit, with more than 100 play
ers on hand, will play big-time foot
ball this year. Lieut. Verducci has
taken a former California halfback.
Lieut. Joe Verducci. athletic di
rector of a United States Coast
Guard bay area training base, an
nounced yesterday that the Coast
Guard unit, with more than 100 play
ers on hand, will play big-time foot
ball this year. Lieut. Verducci has
taken a former California halfback.
Lieut. Joe Verducci. athletic di
rector of a United States Coast
Guard bay area training base, an
nounced yesterday that the Coast
Guard unit, with more than 100 play
ers on hand, will play big-time foot
ball this year. Lieut. Verducci has
taken a former California halfback.
