# GERMAN CLUB NOT AFFECTED BY WAR
## 
### 
Arietta Klalin, gr., was elected pres
ident of German Club at the last meet
ing, Lloyd Casebeer, 'IS, was chosen
vice president, Lloyd Berenstein, 'ID,
treasurer, and Natalie Wright, '18,
secretary. At a business meeting held
yesterday, the club elected Doris
Gibbs, '19, and John Schumacher, '21,
to membership. The club, as well as
the German department, has not been
effected by the war, and is looking
forward to a successful quarter.
Arietta Klalin, gr., was elected pres
ident of German Club at the last meet
ing, Lloyd Casebeer, 'IS, was chosen
vice president, Lloyd Berenstein, 'ID,
treasurer, and Natalie Wright, '18,
secretary. At a business meeting held
yesterday, the club elected Doris
Gibbs, '19, and John Schumacher, '21,
to membership. The club, as well as
the German department, has not been
effected by the war, and is looking
forward to a successful quarter.
Arietta Klalin, gr., was elected pres
ident of German Club at the last meet
ing, Lloyd Casebeer, 'IS, was chosen
vice president, Lloyd Berenstein, 'ID,
treasurer, and Natalie Wright, '18,
secretary. At a business meeting held
yesterday, the club elected Doris
Gibbs, '19, and John Schumacher, '21,
to membership. The club, as well as
the German department, has not been
effected by the war, and is looking
forward to a successful quarter.
Arietta Klalin, gr., was elected pres
ident of German Club at the last meet
ing, Lloyd Casebeer, 'IS, was chosen
vice president, Lloyd Berenstein, 'ID,
treasurer, and Natalie Wright, '18,
secretary. At a business meeting held
yesterday, the club elected Doris
Gibbs, '19, and John Schumacher, '21,
to membership. The club, as well as
the German department, has not been
effected by the war, and is looking
forward to a successful quarter.
Arietta Klalin, gr., was elected pres
ident of German Club at the last meet
ing, Lloyd Casebeer, 'IS, was chosen
vice president, Lloyd Berenstein, 'ID,
treasurer, and Natalie Wright, '18,
secretary. At a business meeting held
yesterday, the club elected Doris
Gibbs, '19, and John Schumacher, '21,
to membership. The club, as well as
the German department, has not been
effected by the war, and is looking
forward to a successful quarter.
Arietta Klalin, gr., was elected pres
ident of German Club at the last meet
ing, Lloyd Casebeer, 'IS, was chosen
vice president, Lloyd Berenstein, 'ID,
treasurer, and Natalie Wright, '18,
secretary. At a business meeting held
yesterday, the club elected Doris
Gibbs, '19, and John Schumacher, '21,
to membership. The club, as well as
the German department, has not been
effected by the war, and is looking
forward to a successful quarter.
Arietta Klalin, gr., was elected pres
ident of German Club at the last meet
ing, Lloyd Casebeer, 'IS, was chosen
vice president, Lloyd Berenstein, 'ID,
treasurer, and Natalie Wright, '18,
secretary. At a business meeting held
yesterday, the club elected Doris
Gibbs, '19, and John Schumacher, '21,
to membership. The club, as well as
the German department, has not been
effected by the war, and is looking
forward to a successful quarter.
Arietta Klalin, gr., was elected pres
ident of German Club at the last meet
ing, Lloyd Casebeer, 'IS, was chosen
vice president, Lloyd Berenstein, 'ID,
treasurer, and Natalie Wright, '18,
secretary. At a business meeting held
yesterday, the club elected Doris
Gibbs, '19, and John Schumacher, '21,
to membership. The club, as well as
the German department, has not been
effected by the war, and is looking
forward to a successful quarter.
Arietta Klalin, gr., was elected pres
ident of German Club at the last meet
ing, Lloyd Casebeer, 'IS, was chosen
vice president, Lloyd Berenstein, 'ID,
treasurer, and Natalie Wright, '18,
secretary. At a business meeting held
yesterday, the club elected Doris
Gibbs, '19, and John Schumacher, '21,
to membership. The club, as well as
the German department, has not been
effected by the war, and is looking
forward to a successful quarter.
Arietta Klalin, gr., was elected pres
ident of German Club at the last meet
ing, Lloyd Casebeer, 'IS, was chosen
vice president, Lloyd Berenstein, 'ID,
treasurer, and Natalie Wright, '18,
secretary. At a business meeting held
yesterday, the club elected Doris
Gibbs, '19, and John Schumacher, '21,
to membership. The club, as well as
the German department, has not been
effected by the war, and is looking
forward to a successful quarter.
Arietta Klalin, gr., was elected pres
ident of German Club at the last meet
ing, Lloyd Casebeer, 'IS, was chosen
vice president, Lloyd Berenstein, 'ID,
treasurer, and Natalie Wright, '18,
secretary. At a business meeting held
yesterday, the club elected Doris
Gibbs, '19, and John Schumacher, '21,
to membership. The club, as well as
the German department, has not been
effected by the war, and is looking
forward to a successful quarter.
Arietta Klalin, gr., was elected pres
ident of German Club at the last meet
ing, Lloyd Casebeer, 'IS, was chosen
vice president, Lloyd Berenstein, 'ID,
treasurer, and Natalie Wright, '18,
secretary. At a business meeting held
yesterday, the club elected Doris
Gibbs, '19, and John Schumacher, '21,
to membership. The club, as well as
the German department, has not been
effected by the war, and is looking
forward to a successful quarter.
Arietta Klalin, gr., was elected pres
ident of German Club at the last meet
ing, Lloyd Casebeer, 'IS, was chosen
vice president, Lloyd Berenstein, 'ID,
treasurer, and Natalie Wright, '18,
secretary. At a business meeting held
yesterday, the club elected Doris
Gibbs, '19, and John Schumacher, '21,
to membership. The club, as well as
the German department, has not been
effected by the war, and is looking
forward to a successful quarter.
Arietta Klalin, gr., was elected pres
ident of German Club at the last meet
ing, Lloyd Casebeer, 'IS, was chosen
vice president, Lloyd Berenstein, 'ID,
treasurer, and Natalie Wright, '18,
secretary. At a business meeting held
yesterday, the club elected Doris
Gibbs, '19, and John Schumacher, '21,
to membership. The club, as well as
the German department, has not been
effected by the war, and is looking
forward to a successful quarter.
Arietta Klalin, gr., was elected pres
ident of German Club at the last meet
ing, Lloyd Casebeer, 'IS, was chosen
vice president, Lloyd Berenstein, 'ID,
treasurer, and Natalie Wright, '18,
secretary. At a business meeting held
yesterday, the club elected Doris
Gibbs, '19, and John Schumacher, '21,
to membership. The club, as well as
the German department, has not been
effected by the war, and is looking
forward to a successful quarter.
Arietta Klalin, gr., was elected pres
ident of German Club at the last meet
ing, Lloyd Casebeer, 'IS, was chosen
vice president, Lloyd Berenstein, 'ID,
treasurer, and Natalie Wright, '18,
secretary. At a business meeting held
yesterday, the club elected Doris
Gibbs, '19, and John Schumacher, '21,
to membership. The club, as well as
the German department, has not been
effected by the war, and is looking
forward to a successful quarter.
