# ENGLISH CLUB MEETS SECOND TIME TONIGHT
## 
### 
English Club meets for the second
time this quarter at the home of Mrs.
Kennedy in Palo Alto. A talk will bo
given by H. I). Gray, associate pro
fessor of English, on phases of the
world war. An additional attraction
will be present in the form of ;;ood
eats, for which English Club is
famous.
English Club meets for the second
time this quarter at the home of Mrs.
Kennedy in Palo Alto. A talk will bo
given by H. I). Gray, associate pro
fessor of English, on phases of the
world war. An additional attraction
will be present in the form of ;;ood
eats, for which English Club is
famous.
English Club meets for the second
time this quarter at the home of Mrs.
Kennedy in Palo Alto. A talk will bo
given by H. I). Gray, associate pro
fessor of English, on phases of the
world war. An additional attraction
will be present in the form of ;;ood
eats, for which English Club is
famous.
English Club meets for the second
time this quarter at the home of Mrs.
Kennedy in Palo Alto. A talk will bo
given by H. I). Gray, associate pro
fessor of English, on phases of the
world war. An additional attraction
will be present in the form of ;;ood
eats, for which English Club is
famous.
English Club meets for the second
time this quarter at the home of Mrs.
Kennedy in Palo Alto. A talk will bo
given by H. I). Gray, associate pro
fessor of English, on phases of the
world war. An additional attraction
will be present in the form of ;;ood
eats, for which English Club is
famous.
English Club meets for the second
time this quarter at the home of Mrs.
Kennedy in Palo Alto. A talk will bo
given by H. I). Gray, associate pro
fessor of English, on phases of the
world war. An additional attraction
will be present in the form of ;;ood
eats, for which English Club is
famous.
English Club meets for the second
time this quarter at the home of Mrs.
Kennedy in Palo Alto. A talk will bo
given by H. I). Gray, associate pro
fessor of English, on phases of the
world war. An additional attraction
will be present in the form of ;;ood
eats, for which English Club is
famous.
English Club meets for the second
time this quarter at the home of Mrs.
Kennedy in Palo Alto. A talk will bo
given by H. I). Gray, associate pro
fessor of English, on phases of the
world war. An additional attraction
will be present in the form of ;;ood
eats, for which English Club is
famous.
English Club meets for the second
time this quarter at the home of Mrs.
Kennedy in Palo Alto. A talk will bo
given by H. I). Gray, associate pro
fessor of English, on phases of the
world war. An additional attraction
will be present in the form of ;;ood
eats, for which English Club is
famous.
English Club meets for the second
time this quarter at the home of Mrs.
Kennedy in Palo Alto. A talk will bo
given by H. I). Gray, associate pro
fessor of English, on phases of the
world war. An additional attraction
will be present in the form of ;;ood
eats, for which English Club is
famous.
English Club meets for the second
time this quarter at the home of Mrs.
Kennedy in Palo Alto. A talk will bo
given by H. I). Gray, associate pro
fessor of English, on phases of the
world war. An additional attraction
will be present in the form of ;;ood
eats, for which English Club is
famous.
English Club meets for the second
time this quarter at the home of Mrs.
Kennedy in Palo Alto. A talk will bo
given by H. I). Gray, associate pro
fessor of English, on phases of the
world war. An additional attraction
will be present in the form of ;;ood
eats, for which English Club is
famous.
English Club meets for the second
time this quarter at the home of Mrs.
Kennedy in Palo Alto. A talk will bo
given by H. I). Gray, associate pro
fessor of English, on phases of the
world war. An additional attraction
will be present in the form of ;;ood
eats, for which English Club is
famous.
English Club meets for the second
time this quarter at the home of Mrs.
Kennedy in Palo Alto. A talk will bo
given by H. I). Gray, associate pro
fessor of English, on phases of the
world war. An additional attraction
will be present in the form of ;;ood
eats, for which English Club is
famous.
English Club meets for the second
time this quarter at the home of Mrs.
Kennedy in Palo Alto. A talk will bo
given by H. I). Gray, associate pro
fessor of English, on phases of the
world war. An additional attraction
will be present in the form of ;;ood
eats, for which English Club is
famous.
English Club meets for the second
time this quarter at the home of Mrs.
Kennedy in Palo Alto. A talk will bo
given by H. I). Gray, associate pro
fessor of English, on phases of the
world war. An additional attraction
will be present in the form of ;;ood
eats, for which English Club is
famous.
