# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The University of Washington has
withdrawn from the northwest ath
letic conference. Baseball has been
abandoned at the northern university
since California institutions offered
the only competition, other colleges
in the northwest having given up the
game. Washington has offered the
University of California $250 for a
crew race to be rowed at Seattle. If
the event is arranged it will probably
take place in May.
The University of Washington has
withdrawn from the northwest ath
letic conference. Baseball has been
abandoned at the northern university
since California institutions offered
the only competition, other colleges
in the northwest having given up the
game. Washington has offered the
University of California $250 for a
crew race to be rowed at Seattle. If
the event is arranged it will probably
take place in May.
The University of Washington has
withdrawn from the northwest ath
letic conference. Baseball has been
abandoned at the northern university
since California institutions offered
the only competition, other colleges
in the northwest having given up the
game. Washington has offered the
University of California $250 for a
crew race to be rowed at Seattle. If
the event is arranged it will probably
take place in May.
The University of Washington has
withdrawn from the northwest ath
letic conference. Baseball has been
abandoned at the northern university
since California institutions offered
the only competition, other colleges
in the northwest having given up the
game. Washington has offered the
University of California $250 for a
crew race to be rowed at Seattle. If
the event is arranged it will probably
take place in May.
The University of Washington has
withdrawn from the northwest ath
letic conference. Baseball has been
abandoned at the northern university
since California institutions offered
the only competition, other colleges
in the northwest having given up the
game. Washington has offered the
University of California $250 for a
crew race to be rowed at Seattle. If
the event is arranged it will probably
take place in May.
The University of Washington has
withdrawn from the northwest ath
letic conference. Baseball has been
abandoned at the northern university
since California institutions offered
the only competition, other colleges
in the northwest having given up the
game. Washington has offered the
University of California $250 for a
crew race to be rowed at Seattle. If
the event is arranged it will probably
take place in May.
The University of Washington has
withdrawn from the northwest ath
letic conference. Baseball has been
abandoned at the northern university
since California institutions offered
the only competition, other colleges
in the northwest having given up the
game. Washington has offered the
University of California $250 for a
crew race to be rowed at Seattle. If
the event is arranged it will probably
take place in May.
The University of Washington has
withdrawn from the northwest ath
letic conference. Baseball has been
abandoned at the northern university
since California institutions offered
the only competition, other colleges
in the northwest having given up the
game. Washington has offered the
University of California $250 for a
crew race to be rowed at Seattle. If
the event is arranged it will probably
take place in May.
The University of Washington has
withdrawn from the northwest ath
letic conference. Baseball has been
abandoned at the northern university
since California institutions offered
the only competition, other colleges
in the northwest having given up the
game. Washington has offered the
University of California $250 for a
crew race to be rowed at Seattle. If
the event is arranged it will probably
take place in May.
The University of Washington has
withdrawn from the northwest ath
letic conference. Baseball has been
abandoned at the northern university
since California institutions offered
the only competition, other colleges
in the northwest having given up the
game. Washington has offered the
University of California $250 for a
crew race to be rowed at Seattle. If
the event is arranged it will probably
take place in May.
The University of Washington has
withdrawn from the northwest ath
letic conference. Baseball has been
abandoned at the northern university
since California institutions offered
the only competition, other colleges
in the northwest having given up the
game. Washington has offered the
University of California $250 for a
crew race to be rowed at Seattle. If
the event is arranged it will probably
take place in May.
The University of Washington has
withdrawn from the northwest ath
letic conference. Baseball has been
abandoned at the northern university
since California institutions offered
the only competition, other colleges
in the northwest having given up the
game. Washington has offered the
University of California $250 for a
crew race to be rowed at Seattle. If
the event is arranged it will probably
take place in May.
The University of Washington has
withdrawn from the northwest ath
letic conference. Baseball has been
abandoned at the northern university
since California institutions offered
the only competition, other colleges
in the northwest having given up the
game. Washington has offered the
University of California $250 for a
crew race to be rowed at Seattle. If
the event is arranged it will probably
take place in May.
The University of Washington has
withdrawn from the northwest ath
letic conference. Baseball has been
abandoned at the northern university
since California institutions offered
the only competition, other colleges
in the northwest having given up the
game. Washington has offered the
University of California $250 for a
crew race to be rowed at Seattle. If
the event is arranged it will probably
take place in May.
The University of Washington has
withdrawn from the northwest ath
letic conference. Baseball has been
abandoned at the northern university
since California institutions offered
the only competition, other colleges
in the northwest having given up the
game. Washington has offered the
University of California $250 for a
crew race to be rowed at Seattle. If
the event is arranged it will probably
take place in May.
The University of Washington has
withdrawn from the northwest ath
letic conference. Baseball has been
abandoned at the northern university
since California institutions offered
the only competition, other colleges
in the northwest having given up the
game. Washington has offered the
University of California $250 for a
crew race to be rowed at Seattle. If
the event is arranged it will probably
take place in May.
