# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Barbie Snidow.
'60, to Hap Robinson, Menlo Col
lege.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Barbie Snidow.
'60, to Hap Robinson, Menlo Col
lege.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Barbie Snidow.
'60, to Hap Robinson, Menlo Col
lege.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Barbie Snidow.
'60, to Hap Robinson, Menlo Col
lege.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Barbie Snidow.
'60, to Hap Robinson, Menlo Col
lege.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Barbie Snidow.
'60, to Hap Robinson, Menlo Col
lege.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Barbie Snidow.
'60, to Hap Robinson, Menlo Col
lege.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Barbie Snidow.
'60, to Hap Robinson, Menlo Col
lege.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Barbie Snidow.
'60, to Hap Robinson, Menlo Col
lege.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Barbie Snidow.
'60, to Hap Robinson, Menlo Col
lege.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Barbie Snidow.
'60, to Hap Robinson, Menlo Col
lege.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Barbie Snidow.
'60, to Hap Robinson, Menlo Col
lege.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Barbie Snidow.
'60, to Hap Robinson, Menlo Col
lege.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Barbie Snidow.
'60, to Hap Robinson, Menlo Col
lege.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Barbie Snidow.
'60, to Hap Robinson, Menlo Col
lege.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Barbie Snidow.
'60, to Hap Robinson, Menlo Col
lege.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Barbie Snidow.
'60, to Hap Robinson, Menlo Col
lege.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Barbie Snidow.
'60, to Hap Robinson, Menlo Col
lege.
