# Concerts Start In Dinkelspiel
## 
### 
A variety of musical ensembles
will combine to present tho Stan
ford University Music Depart
ment's first chamber music con
cert of the season Sunday after
noon at 3:30 p.m. in Dinkelspiel
Auditorium.
The performance will mark the
debut of Miss Kay Newhouse,
sophomore cellist from Los An
geles, who will play the Sonata
No. 1 in E minor by Johannes
Brahms. Miss Newhouse will be
accompanied at the piano by
Walter C. Moore, a sophomore
from Berkeley.
Opening the concert will be the
"Quintet for Woodwinds," by
Walter Piston. Acting assistant
professor of music Leland Smith,
who organized the woodwind
group, will play bassoon, with
Ann Cleary playing flute; Philip
Kates, oboe; David Kaun, clari
net; and Philip Krieghaum, horn.
The Stanford Chorale will pre
sent a selection of Renaissance
and Baroque songs by Hans Leo
Hassler, Jean Conseil, Claude do
Sermisy, Thomas Weelkes, and
Claud io Monteverdi. Erich
Schwandt. harpsieord, and Curtis
Givan, cello, will accompany the
Monteverdi selection.
Concluding the concert will be
the Stanford Symphony Or
chestra's presentation of J. C.
Bach's "Ricerear for Six," a six
part fugue based on a royal
theme provided by Frederick the
Great on Bach's visit to his court
in 17-17.
