# Cliveden vote: Senior class lead switches
## 
### 
Overseas ballots from the Univer
sity's Cliveden campus have come in,
giving the Natural Choice slate a
slight edge over the BASH slate. The
lead is less than 20 votes, according
to Elections Commissioner Dayna
Goldfine, who has not yet deter
mined a winner.
According to members of the
BASH slate, there may be an inequity
in counting the Cliveden ballots.
Natural Choice slate members disag
ree.
A meeting of both slates, the new
Council of Presidents and Goldfine
was called last night in an effort to
resolve some of the problems of the
runoff election. Goldfine would not
elaborate further on what the prob
lems were.
She said she would make a re
commendation at tonight's Senate
meeting on whether to count the
Cliveden ballots. The Senate will, in
turn, decide whether to approve or
disapprove of the election and
whether to accept Goldfine's re
commendations. Goldfine said she is
not sure what would happen if the
Senate disapproves of the election.
Overseas ballots from the Univer
sity's Cliveden campus have come in,
giving the Natural Choice slate a
slight edge over the BASH slate. The
lead is less than 20 votes, according
to Elections Commissioner Dayna
Goldfine, who has not yet deter
mined a winner.
According to members of the
BASH slate, there may be an inequity
in counting the Cliveden ballots.
Natural Choice slate members disag
ree.
A meeting of both slates, the new
Council of Presidents and Goldfine
was called last night in an effort to
resolve some of the problems of the
runoff election. Goldfine would not
elaborate further on what the prob
lems were.
She said she would make a re
commendation at tonight's Senate
meeting on whether to count the
Cliveden ballots. The Senate will, in
turn, decide whether to approve or
disapprove of the election and
whether to accept Goldfine's re
commendations. Goldfine said she is
not sure what would happen if the
Senate disapproves of the election.
Overseas ballots from the Univer
sity's Cliveden campus have come in,
giving the Natural Choice slate a
slight edge over the BASH slate. The
lead is less than 20 votes, according
to Elections Commissioner Dayna
Goldfine, who has not yet deter
mined a winner.
According to members of the
BASH slate, there may be an inequity
in counting the Cliveden ballots.
Natural Choice slate members disag
ree.
A meeting of both slates, the new
Council of Presidents and Goldfine
was called last night in an effort to
resolve some of the problems of the
runoff election. Goldfine would not
elaborate further on what the prob
lems were.
She said she would make a re
commendation at tonight's Senate
meeting on whether to count the
Cliveden ballots. The Senate will, in
turn, decide whether to approve or
disapprove of the election and
whether to accept Goldfine's re
commendations. Goldfine said she is
not sure what would happen if the
Senate disapproves of the election.
Overseas ballots from the Univer
sity's Cliveden campus have come in,
giving the Natural Choice slate a
slight edge over the BASH slate. The
lead is less than 20 votes, according
to Elections Commissioner Dayna
Goldfine, who has not yet deter
mined a winner.
According to members of the
BASH slate, there may be an inequity
in counting the Cliveden ballots.
Natural Choice slate members disag
ree.
A meeting of both slates, the new
Council of Presidents and Goldfine
was called last night in an effort to
resolve some of the problems of the
runoff election. Goldfine would not
elaborate further on what the prob
lems were.
She said she would make a re
commendation at tonight's Senate
meeting on whether to count the
Cliveden ballots. The Senate will, in
turn, decide whether to approve or
disapprove of the election and
whether to accept Goldfine's re
commendations. Goldfine said she is
not sure what would happen if the
Senate disapproves of the election.
Overseas ballots from the Univer
sity's Cliveden campus have come in,
giving the Natural Choice slate a
slight edge over the BASH slate. The
lead is less than 20 votes, according
to Elections Commissioner Dayna
Goldfine, who has not yet deter
mined a winner.
According to members of the
BASH slate, there may be an inequity
in counting the Cliveden ballots.
Natural Choice slate members disag
ree.
A meeting of both slates, the new
Council of Presidents and Goldfine
was called last night in an effort to
resolve some of the problems of the
runoff election. Goldfine would not
elaborate further on what the prob
lems were.
She said she would make a re
commendation at tonight's Senate
meeting on whether to count the
Cliveden ballots. The Senate will, in
turn, decide whether to approve or
disapprove of the election and
whether to accept Goldfine's re
commendations. Goldfine said she is
not sure what would happen if the
Senate disapproves of the election.
Overseas ballots from the Univer
sity's Cliveden campus have come in,
giving the Natural Choice slate a
slight edge over the BASH slate. The
lead is less than 20 votes, according
to Elections Commissioner Dayna
Goldfine, who has not yet deter
mined a winner.
According to members of the
BASH slate, there may be an inequity
in counting the Cliveden ballots.
Natural Choice slate members disag
ree.
A meeting of both slates, the new
Council of Presidents and Goldfine
was called last night in an effort to
resolve some of the problems of the
runoff election. Goldfine would not
elaborate further on what the prob
lems were.
She said she would make a re
commendation at tonight's Senate
meeting on whether to count the
Cliveden ballots. The Senate will, in
turn, decide whether to approve or
disapprove of the election and
whether to accept Goldfine's re
commendations. Goldfine said she is
not sure what would happen if the
Senate disapproves of the election.
Overseas ballots from the Univer
sity's Cliveden campus have come in,
giving the Natural Choice slate a
slight edge over the BASH slate. The
lead is less than 20 votes, according
to Elections Commissioner Dayna
Goldfine, who has not yet deter
mined a winner.
According to members of the
BASH slate, there may be an inequity
in counting the Cliveden ballots.
Natural Choice slate members disag
ree.
A meeting of both slates, the new
Council of Presidents and Goldfine
was called last night in an effort to
resolve some of the problems of the
runoff election. Goldfine would not
elaborate further on what the prob
lems were.
She said she would make a re
commendation at tonight's Senate
meeting on whether to count the
Cliveden ballots. The Senate will, in
turn, decide whether to approve or
disapprove of the election and
whether to accept Goldfine's re
commendations. Goldfine said she is
not sure what would happen if the
Senate disapproves of the election.
Overseas ballots from the Univer
sity's Cliveden campus have come in,
giving the Natural Choice slate a
slight edge over the BASH slate. The
lead is less than 20 votes, according
to Elections Commissioner Dayna
Goldfine, who has not yet deter
mined a winner.
According to members of the
BASH slate, there may be an inequity
in counting the Cliveden ballots.
Natural Choice slate members disag
ree.
A meeting of both slates, the new
Council of Presidents and Goldfine
was called last night in an effort to
resolve some of the problems of the
runoff election. Goldfine would not
elaborate further on what the prob
lems were.
She said she would make a re
commendation at tonight's Senate
meeting on whether to count the
Cliveden ballots. The Senate will, in
turn, decide whether to approve or
disapprove of the election and
whether to accept Goldfine's re
commendations. Goldfine said she is
not sure what would happen if the
Senate disapproves of the election.
Overseas ballots from the Univer
sity's Cliveden campus have come in,
giving the Natural Choice slate a
slight edge over the BASH slate. The
lead is less than 20 votes, according
to Elections Commissioner Dayna
Goldfine, who has not yet deter
mined a winner.
According to members of the
BASH slate, there may be an inequity
in counting the Cliveden ballots.
Natural Choice slate members disag
ree.
A meeting of both slates, the new
Council of Presidents and Goldfine
was called last night in an effort to
resolve some of the problems of the
runoff election. Goldfine would not
elaborate further on what the prob
lems were.
She said she would make a re
commendation at tonight's Senate
meeting on whether to count the
Cliveden ballots. The Senate will, in
turn, decide whether to approve or
disapprove of the election and
whether to accept Goldfine's re
commendations. Goldfine said she is
not sure what would happen if the
Senate disapproves of the election.
