# Christmas Work
## 
### 
Mrs. Anne D. Severin, director of
the Student Employment Office,
yesterday advised students who in
tend to work at post offices during
Christmas vacation to make their
plans now to insure their employ
ment.
The office has sent letters to all
the post offices on the Pacific Coast
to discover the possible employment
opportunities for Stanford students
in the various localities. Answers
thus far received from postmasters
indicate that the jobs will be much
more difficult to obtain this year
than last.
Letters have already been re
ceived from postmasters at Ala
meda, Modesto, Santa Barbara, Ba
kersfield, Stockton, Berkeley, Ven
tura, Redding, Monrovia, Salinas,
and San Luis Obispo. As more let
ters are being received each day,
Mrs. Severin suggests that inter
ested students from Coast towns
contact the Student Employment
Office in temporary building C for
information and details on their lo
cal jobs.
She advised students from the
East who plan to work at their
home towns during the vacation to
contact their own offices immed
iately.
The Palo Alto Post Office has al
ready signed up all the part-time
worker* it expects to use to meet
the yearly rush.
