# Bandsmen Needed In Cal, SC Games
## 
### 
The Stanford Bund will hold re
hearsals for the final half of the
football schedule tonight at 7 p.m.
Tonight is also the last time that
newcomers will be accepted in the
band. Plans are being made for
marching at least an 88-piece band
at the USC and California games,

so new recruits are urged to appear
for practice, Norm Hamilton, band
manager, said.
Instruments of all kinds will be
furnished for those who need them
jnd have played in bands before.
In addition to marching at the four
retraining games, the band will
make its annual Big Game Eve trip
to San Francisco where the musi
cians entertain at the various hotel
alumni parties.
Director Julius Shuchat stated
yesterday that all band members
wishing to make any of the trips
must report tonight to start prac
ticing the new and complicated
formations.
The Stanford Bund will hold re
hearsals for the final half of the
football schedule tonight at 7 p.m.
Tonight is also the last time that
newcomers will be accepted in the
band. Plans are being made for
marching at least an 88-piece band
at the USC and California games,

so new recruits are urged to appear
for practice, Norm Hamilton, band
manager, said.
Instruments of all kinds will be
furnished for those who need them
jnd have played in bands before.
In addition to marching at the four
retraining games, the band will
make its annual Big Game Eve trip
to San Francisco where the musi
cians entertain at the various hotel
alumni parties.
Director Julius Shuchat stated
yesterday that all band members
wishing to make any of the trips
must report tonight to start prac
ticing the new and complicated
formations.
The Stanford Bund will hold re
hearsals for the final half of the
football schedule tonight at 7 p.m.
Tonight is also the last time that
newcomers will be accepted in the
band. Plans are being made for
marching at least an 88-piece band
at the USC and California games,

so new recruits are urged to appear
for practice, Norm Hamilton, band
manager, said.
Instruments of all kinds will be
furnished for those who need them
jnd have played in bands before.
In addition to marching at the four
retraining games, the band will
make its annual Big Game Eve trip
to San Francisco where the musi
cians entertain at the various hotel
alumni parties.
Director Julius Shuchat stated
yesterday that all band members
wishing to make any of the trips
must report tonight to start prac
ticing the new and complicated
formations.
The Stanford Bund will hold re
hearsals for the final half of the
football schedule tonight at 7 p.m.
Tonight is also the last time that
newcomers will be accepted in the
band. Plans are being made for
marching at least an 88-piece band
at the USC and California games,

so new recruits are urged to appear
for practice, Norm Hamilton, band
manager, said.
Instruments of all kinds will be
furnished for those who need them
jnd have played in bands before.
In addition to marching at the four
retraining games, the band will
make its annual Big Game Eve trip
to San Francisco where the musi
cians entertain at the various hotel
alumni parties.
Director Julius Shuchat stated
yesterday that all band members
wishing to make any of the trips
must report tonight to start prac
ticing the new and complicated
formations.
The Stanford Bund will hold re
hearsals for the final half of the
football schedule tonight at 7 p.m.
Tonight is also the last time that
newcomers will be accepted in the
band. Plans are being made for
marching at least an 88-piece band
at the USC and California games,

so new recruits are urged to appear
for practice, Norm Hamilton, band
manager, said.
Instruments of all kinds will be
furnished for those who need them
jnd have played in bands before.
In addition to marching at the four
retraining games, the band will
make its annual Big Game Eve trip
to San Francisco where the musi
cians entertain at the various hotel
alumni parties.
Director Julius Shuchat stated
yesterday that all band members
wishing to make any of the trips
must report tonight to start prac
ticing the new and complicated
formations.
The Stanford Bund will hold re
hearsals for the final half of the
football schedule tonight at 7 p.m.
Tonight is also the last time that
newcomers will be accepted in the
band. Plans are being made for
marching at least an 88-piece band
at the USC and California games,

so new recruits are urged to appear
for practice, Norm Hamilton, band
manager, said.
Instruments of all kinds will be
furnished for those who need them
jnd have played in bands before.
In addition to marching at the four
retraining games, the band will
make its annual Big Game Eve trip
to San Francisco where the musi
cians entertain at the various hotel
alumni parties.
Director Julius Shuchat stated
yesterday that all band members
wishing to make any of the trips
must report tonight to start prac
ticing the new and complicated
formations.
The Stanford Bund will hold re
hearsals for the final half of the
football schedule tonight at 7 p.m.
Tonight is also the last time that
newcomers will be accepted in the
band. Plans are being made for
marching at least an 88-piece band
at the USC and California games,

so new recruits are urged to appear
for practice, Norm Hamilton, band
manager, said.
Instruments of all kinds will be
furnished for those who need them
jnd have played in bands before.
In addition to marching at the four
retraining games, the band will
make its annual Big Game Eve trip
to San Francisco where the musi
cians entertain at the various hotel
alumni parties.
Director Julius Shuchat stated
yesterday that all band members
wishing to make any of the trips
must report tonight to start prac
ticing the new and complicated
formations.
The Stanford Bund will hold re
hearsals for the final half of the
football schedule tonight at 7 p.m.
Tonight is also the last time that
newcomers will be accepted in the
band. Plans are being made for
marching at least an 88-piece band
at the USC and California games,

so new recruits are urged to appear
for practice, Norm Hamilton, band
manager, said.
Instruments of all kinds will be
furnished for those who need them
jnd have played in bands before.
In addition to marching at the four
retraining games, the band will
make its annual Big Game Eve trip
to San Francisco where the musi
cians entertain at the various hotel
alumni parties.
Director Julius Shuchat stated
yesterday that all band members
wishing to make any of the trips
must report tonight to start prac
ticing the new and complicated
formations.
The Stanford Bund will hold re
hearsals for the final half of the
football schedule tonight at 7 p.m.
Tonight is also the last time that
newcomers will be accepted in the
band. Plans are being made for
marching at least an 88-piece band
at the USC and California games,

so new recruits are urged to appear
for practice, Norm Hamilton, band
manager, said.
Instruments of all kinds will be
furnished for those who need them
jnd have played in bands before.
In addition to marching at the four
retraining games, the band will
make its annual Big Game Eve trip
to San Francisco where the musi
cians entertain at the various hotel
alumni parties.
Director Julius Shuchat stated
yesterday that all band members
wishing to make any of the trips
must report tonight to start prac
ticing the new and complicated
formations.
The Stanford Bund will hold re
hearsals for the final half of the
football schedule tonight at 7 p.m.
Tonight is also the last time that
newcomers will be accepted in the
band. Plans are being made for
marching at least an 88-piece band
at the USC and California games,

so new recruits are urged to appear
for practice, Norm Hamilton, band
manager, said.
Instruments of all kinds will be
furnished for those who need them
jnd have played in bands before.
In addition to marching at the four
retraining games, the band will
make its annual Big Game Eve trip
to San Francisco where the musi
cians entertain at the various hotel
alumni parties.
Director Julius Shuchat stated
yesterday that all band members
wishing to make any of the trips
must report tonight to start prac
ticing the new and complicated
formations.
The Stanford Bund will hold re
hearsals for the final half of the
football schedule tonight at 7 p.m.
Tonight is also the last time that
newcomers will be accepted in the
band. Plans are being made for
marching at least an 88-piece band
at the USC and California games,

so new recruits are urged to appear
for practice, Norm Hamilton, band
manager, said.
Instruments of all kinds will be
furnished for those who need them
jnd have played in bands before.
In addition to marching at the four
retraining games, the band will
make its annual Big Game Eve trip
to San Francisco where the musi
cians entertain at the various hotel
alumni parties.
Director Julius Shuchat stated
yesterday that all band members
wishing to make any of the trips
must report tonight to start prac
ticing the new and complicated
formations.
The Stanford Bund will hold re
hearsals for the final half of the
football schedule tonight at 7 p.m.
Tonight is also the last time that
newcomers will be accepted in the
band. Plans are being made for
marching at least an 88-piece band
at the USC and California games,

so new recruits are urged to appear
for practice, Norm Hamilton, band
manager, said.
Instruments of all kinds will be
furnished for those who need them
jnd have played in bands before.
In addition to marching at the four
retraining games, the band will
make its annual Big Game Eve trip
to San Francisco where the musi
cians entertain at the various hotel
alumni parties.
Director Julius Shuchat stated
yesterday that all band members
wishing to make any of the trips
must report tonight to start prac
ticing the new and complicated
formations.
The Stanford Bund will hold re
hearsals for the final half of the
football schedule tonight at 7 p.m.
Tonight is also the last time that
newcomers will be accepted in the
band. Plans are being made for
marching at least an 88-piece band
at the USC and California games,

so new recruits are urged to appear
for practice, Norm Hamilton, band
manager, said.
Instruments of all kinds will be
furnished for those who need them
jnd have played in bands before.
In addition to marching at the four
retraining games, the band will
make its annual Big Game Eve trip
to San Francisco where the musi
cians entertain at the various hotel
alumni parties.
Director Julius Shuchat stated
yesterday that all band members
wishing to make any of the trips
must report tonight to start prac
ticing the new and complicated
formations.
The Stanford Bund will hold re
hearsals for the final half of the
football schedule tonight at 7 p.m.
Tonight is also the last time that
newcomers will be accepted in the
band. Plans are being made for
marching at least an 88-piece band
at the USC and California games,

so new recruits are urged to appear
for practice, Norm Hamilton, band
manager, said.
Instruments of all kinds will be
furnished for those who need them
jnd have played in bands before.
In addition to marching at the four
retraining games, the band will
make its annual Big Game Eve trip
to San Francisco where the musi
cians entertain at the various hotel
alumni parties.
Director Julius Shuchat stated
yesterday that all band members
wishing to make any of the trips
must report tonight to start prac
ticing the new and complicated
formations.
The Stanford Bund will hold re
hearsals for the final half of the
football schedule tonight at 7 p.m.
Tonight is also the last time that
newcomers will be accepted in the
band. Plans are being made for
marching at least an 88-piece band
at the USC and California games,

so new recruits are urged to appear
for practice, Norm Hamilton, band
manager, said.
Instruments of all kinds will be
furnished for those who need them
jnd have played in bands before.
In addition to marching at the four
retraining games, the band will
make its annual Big Game Eve trip
to San Francisco where the musi
cians entertain at the various hotel
alumni parties.
Director Julius Shuchat stated
yesterday that all band members
wishing to make any of the trips
must report tonight to start prac
ticing the new and complicated
formations.
The Stanford Bund will hold re
hearsals for the final half of the
football schedule tonight at 7 p.m.
Tonight is also the last time that
newcomers will be accepted in the
band. Plans are being made for
marching at least an 88-piece band
at the USC and California games,

so new recruits are urged to appear
for practice, Norm Hamilton, band
manager, said.
Instruments of all kinds will be
furnished for those who need them
jnd have played in bands before.
In addition to marching at the four
retraining games, the band will
make its annual Big Game Eve trip
to San Francisco where the musi
cians entertain at the various hotel
alumni parties.
Director Julius Shuchat stated
yesterday that all band members
wishing to make any of the trips
must report tonight to start prac
ticing the new and complicated
formations.
