# Planning Social Functions
## 
### 
The Klahoya Club, an organiza
tion lor off-campus girls, is plan
ning a balanced program of social
functions and more serious endeav
ors this year.
Luncheons every Wednesday are
prepared by the girls in order to
make new acquaintances among
themselves and to talk over future
p'ans. Student government leaders
will talk at these luncheons occa
sionally.
Klahoya intends to have a Hal
loween party, some exchange din
ners, and wants also to get to know
better some of the off-campus men's
organizations.
The Klahoya Club, an organiza
tion lor off-campus girls, is plan
ning a balanced program of social
functions and more serious endeav
ors this year.
Luncheons every Wednesday are
prepared by the girls in order to
make new acquaintances among
themselves and to talk over future
p'ans. Student government leaders
will talk at these luncheons occa
sionally.
Klahoya intends to have a Hal
loween party, some exchange din
ners, and wants also to get to know
better some of the off-campus men's
organizations.
The Klahoya Club, an organiza
tion lor off-campus girls, is plan
ning a balanced program of social
functions and more serious endeav
ors this year.
Luncheons every Wednesday are
prepared by the girls in order to
make new acquaintances among
themselves and to talk over future
p'ans. Student government leaders
will talk at these luncheons occa
sionally.
Klahoya intends to have a Hal
loween party, some exchange din
ners, and wants also to get to know
better some of the off-campus men's
organizations.
The Klahoya Club, an organiza
tion lor off-campus girls, is plan
ning a balanced program of social
functions and more serious endeav
ors this year.
Luncheons every Wednesday are
prepared by the girls in order to
make new acquaintances among
themselves and to talk over future
p'ans. Student government leaders
will talk at these luncheons occa
sionally.
Klahoya intends to have a Hal
loween party, some exchange din
ners, and wants also to get to know
better some of the off-campus men's
organizations.
The Klahoya Club, an organiza
tion lor off-campus girls, is plan
ning a balanced program of social
functions and more serious endeav
ors this year.
Luncheons every Wednesday are
prepared by the girls in order to
make new acquaintances among
themselves and to talk over future
p'ans. Student government leaders
will talk at these luncheons occa
sionally.
Klahoya intends to have a Hal
loween party, some exchange din
ners, and wants also to get to know
better some of the off-campus men's
organizations.
The Klahoya Club, an organiza
tion lor off-campus girls, is plan
ning a balanced program of social
functions and more serious endeav
ors this year.
Luncheons every Wednesday are
prepared by the girls in order to
make new acquaintances among
themselves and to talk over future
p'ans. Student government leaders
will talk at these luncheons occa
sionally.
Klahoya intends to have a Hal
loween party, some exchange din
ners, and wants also to get to know
better some of the off-campus men's
organizations.
The Klahoya Club, an organiza
tion lor off-campus girls, is plan
ning a balanced program of social
functions and more serious endeav
ors this year.
Luncheons every Wednesday are
prepared by the girls in order to
make new acquaintances among
themselves and to talk over future
p'ans. Student government leaders
will talk at these luncheons occa
sionally.
Klahoya intends to have a Hal
loween party, some exchange din
ners, and wants also to get to know
better some of the off-campus men's
organizations.
The Klahoya Club, an organiza
tion lor off-campus girls, is plan
ning a balanced program of social
functions and more serious endeav
ors this year.
Luncheons every Wednesday are
prepared by the girls in order to
make new acquaintances among
themselves and to talk over future
p'ans. Student government leaders
will talk at these luncheons occa
sionally.
Klahoya intends to have a Hal
loween party, some exchange din
ners, and wants also to get to know
better some of the off-campus men's
organizations.
The Klahoya Club, an organiza
tion lor off-campus girls, is plan
ning a balanced program of social
functions and more serious endeav
ors this year.
Luncheons every Wednesday are
prepared by the girls in order to
make new acquaintances among
themselves and to talk over future
p'ans. Student government leaders
will talk at these luncheons occa
sionally.
Klahoya intends to have a Hal
loween party, some exchange din
ners, and wants also to get to know
better some of the off-campus men's
organizations.
The Klahoya Club, an organiza
tion lor off-campus girls, is plan
ning a balanced program of social
functions and more serious endeav
ors this year.
Luncheons every Wednesday are
prepared by the girls in order to
make new acquaintances among
themselves and to talk over future
p'ans. Student government leaders
will talk at these luncheons occa
sionally.
Klahoya intends to have a Hal
loween party, some exchange din
ners, and wants also to get to know
better some of the off-campus men's
organizations.
The Klahoya Club, an organiza
tion lor off-campus girls, is plan
ning a balanced program of social
functions and more serious endeav
ors this year.
Luncheons every Wednesday are
prepared by the girls in order to
make new acquaintances among
themselves and to talk over future
p'ans. Student government leaders
will talk at these luncheons occa
sionally.
Klahoya intends to have a Hal
loween party, some exchange din
ners, and wants also to get to know
better some of the off-campus men's
organizations.
The Klahoya Club, an organiza
tion lor off-campus girls, is plan
ning a balanced program of social
functions and more serious endeav
ors this year.
Luncheons every Wednesday are
prepared by the girls in order to
make new acquaintances among
themselves and to talk over future
p'ans. Student government leaders
will talk at these luncheons occa
sionally.
Klahoya intends to have a Hal
loween party, some exchange din
ners, and wants also to get to know
better some of the off-campus men's
organizations.
The Klahoya Club, an organiza
tion lor off-campus girls, is plan
ning a balanced program of social
functions and more serious endeav
ors this year.
Luncheons every Wednesday are
prepared by the girls in order to
make new acquaintances among
themselves and to talk over future
p'ans. Student government leaders
will talk at these luncheons occa
sionally.
Klahoya intends to have a Hal
loween party, some exchange din
ners, and wants also to get to know
better some of the off-campus men's
organizations.
The Klahoya Club, an organiza
tion lor off-campus girls, is plan
ning a balanced program of social
functions and more serious endeav
ors this year.
Luncheons every Wednesday are
prepared by the girls in order to
make new acquaintances among
themselves and to talk over future
p'ans. Student government leaders
will talk at these luncheons occa
sionally.
Klahoya intends to have a Hal
loween party, some exchange din
ners, and wants also to get to know
better some of the off-campus men's
organizations.
The Klahoya Club, an organiza
tion lor off-campus girls, is plan
ning a balanced program of social
functions and more serious endeav
ors this year.
Luncheons every Wednesday are
prepared by the girls in order to
make new acquaintances among
themselves and to talk over future
p'ans. Student government leaders
will talk at these luncheons occa
sionally.
Klahoya intends to have a Hal
loween party, some exchange din
ners, and wants also to get to know
better some of the off-campus men's
organizations.
The Klahoya Club, an organiza
tion lor off-campus girls, is plan
ning a balanced program of social
functions and more serious endeav
ors this year.
Luncheons every Wednesday are
prepared by the girls in order to
make new acquaintances among
themselves and to talk over future
p'ans. Student government leaders
will talk at these luncheons occa
sionally.
Klahoya intends to have a Hal
loween party, some exchange din
ners, and wants also to get to know
better some of the off-campus men's
organizations.
