# OH, THOSE BRONCS
## 
### 
Santa Clara was the only team to
score three touchdowns against Cal
ifornia in the regular 1948 season.
Santa Clara was the only team to
score three touchdowns against Cal
ifornia in the regular 1948 season.
Santa Clara was the only team to
score three touchdowns against Cal
ifornia in the regular 1948 season.
Santa Clara was the only team to
score three touchdowns against Cal
ifornia in the regular 1948 season.
Santa Clara was the only team to
score three touchdowns against Cal
ifornia in the regular 1948 season.
Santa Clara was the only team to
score three touchdowns against Cal
ifornia in the regular 1948 season.
Santa Clara was the only team to
score three touchdowns against Cal
ifornia in the regular 1948 season.
Santa Clara was the only team to
score three touchdowns against Cal
ifornia in the regular 1948 season.
Santa Clara was the only team to
score three touchdowns against Cal
ifornia in the regular 1948 season.
Santa Clara was the only team to
score three touchdowns against Cal
ifornia in the regular 1948 season.
Santa Clara was the only team to
score three touchdowns against Cal
ifornia in the regular 1948 season.
Santa Clara was the only team to
score three touchdowns against Cal
ifornia in the regular 1948 season.
Santa Clara was the only team to
score three touchdowns against Cal
ifornia in the regular 1948 season.
Santa Clara was the only team to
score three touchdowns against Cal
ifornia in the regular 1948 season.
Santa Clara was the only team to
score three touchdowns against Cal
ifornia in the regular 1948 season.
Santa Clara was the only team to
score three touchdowns against Cal
ifornia in the regular 1948 season.
