# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Mr. Warren D. Allen, the organist at
Memorial Church, will play the fol
lowing program for the recital to
morrow afternoon:
"O Man, Bewail Thy Sin" . J. S. Bach
(Choral Prelude)
Cantabile from the 6th Symphony.
Widor
Meditation )
Toccata | ' vr - v
Mr. Warren D. Allen, the organist at
Memorial Church, will play the fol
lowing program for the recital to
morrow afternoon:
"O Man, Bewail Thy Sin" . J. S. Bach
(Choral Prelude)
Cantabile from the 6th Symphony.
Widor
Meditation )
Toccata | ' vr - v
Mr. Warren D. Allen, the organist at
Memorial Church, will play the fol
lowing program for the recital to
morrow afternoon:
"O Man, Bewail Thy Sin" . J. S. Bach
(Choral Prelude)
Cantabile from the 6th Symphony.
Widor
Meditation )
Toccata | ' vr - v
Mr. Warren D. Allen, the organist at
Memorial Church, will play the fol
lowing program for the recital to
morrow afternoon:
"O Man, Bewail Thy Sin" . J. S. Bach
(Choral Prelude)
Cantabile from the 6th Symphony.
Widor
Meditation )
Toccata | ' vr - v
Mr. Warren D. Allen, the organist at
Memorial Church, will play the fol
lowing program for the recital to
morrow afternoon:
"O Man, Bewail Thy Sin" . J. S. Bach
(Choral Prelude)
Cantabile from the 6th Symphony.
Widor
Meditation )
Toccata | ' vr - v
Mr. Warren D. Allen, the organist at
Memorial Church, will play the fol
lowing program for the recital to
morrow afternoon:
"O Man, Bewail Thy Sin" . J. S. Bach
(Choral Prelude)
Cantabile from the 6th Symphony.
Widor
Meditation )
Toccata | ' vr - v
Mr. Warren D. Allen, the organist at
Memorial Church, will play the fol
lowing program for the recital to
morrow afternoon:
"O Man, Bewail Thy Sin" . J. S. Bach
(Choral Prelude)
Cantabile from the 6th Symphony.
Widor
Meditation )
Toccata | ' vr - v
Mr. Warren D. Allen, the organist at
Memorial Church, will play the fol
lowing program for the recital to
morrow afternoon:
"O Man, Bewail Thy Sin" . J. S. Bach
(Choral Prelude)
Cantabile from the 6th Symphony.
Widor
Meditation )
Toccata | ' vr - v
Mr. Warren D. Allen, the organist at
Memorial Church, will play the fol
lowing program for the recital to
morrow afternoon:
"O Man, Bewail Thy Sin" . J. S. Bach
(Choral Prelude)
Cantabile from the 6th Symphony.
Widor
Meditation )
Toccata | ' vr - v
Mr. Warren D. Allen, the organist at
Memorial Church, will play the fol
lowing program for the recital to
morrow afternoon:
"O Man, Bewail Thy Sin" . J. S. Bach
(Choral Prelude)
Cantabile from the 6th Symphony.
Widor
Meditation )
Toccata | ' vr - v
Mr. Warren D. Allen, the organist at
Memorial Church, will play the fol
lowing program for the recital to
morrow afternoon:
"O Man, Bewail Thy Sin" . J. S. Bach
(Choral Prelude)
Cantabile from the 6th Symphony.
Widor
Meditation )
Toccata | ' vr - v
Mr. Warren D. Allen, the organist at
Memorial Church, will play the fol
lowing program for the recital to
morrow afternoon:
"O Man, Bewail Thy Sin" . J. S. Bach
(Choral Prelude)
Cantabile from the 6th Symphony.
Widor
Meditation )
Toccata | ' vr - v
Mr. Warren D. Allen, the organist at
Memorial Church, will play the fol
lowing program for the recital to
morrow afternoon:
"O Man, Bewail Thy Sin" . J. S. Bach
(Choral Prelude)
Cantabile from the 6th Symphony.
Widor
Meditation )
Toccata | ' vr - v
