# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Varsity and Freshmen basket
bailers who played in the U. of C
games will meet at "Pop" Frank
lin's for Quad pictures Saturday
morning, 11 o'clock
Varsity and Freshmen basket
bailers who played in the U. of C
games will meet at "Pop" Frank
lin's for Quad pictures Saturday
morning, 11 o'clock
Varsity and Freshmen basket
bailers who played in the U. of C
games will meet at "Pop" Frank
lin's for Quad pictures Saturday
morning, 11 o'clock
Varsity and Freshmen basket
bailers who played in the U. of C
games will meet at "Pop" Frank
lin's for Quad pictures Saturday
morning, 11 o'clock
Varsity and Freshmen basket
bailers who played in the U. of C
games will meet at "Pop" Frank
lin's for Quad pictures Saturday
morning, 11 o'clock
Varsity and Freshmen basket
bailers who played in the U. of C
games will meet at "Pop" Frank
lin's for Quad pictures Saturday
morning, 11 o'clock
Varsity and Freshmen basket
bailers who played in the U. of C
games will meet at "Pop" Frank
lin's for Quad pictures Saturday
morning, 11 o'clock
Varsity and Freshmen basket
bailers who played in the U. of C
games will meet at "Pop" Frank
lin's for Quad pictures Saturday
morning, 11 o'clock
Varsity and Freshmen basket
bailers who played in the U. of C
games will meet at "Pop" Frank
lin's for Quad pictures Saturday
morning, 11 o'clock
Varsity and Freshmen basket
bailers who played in the U. of C
games will meet at "Pop" Frank
lin's for Quad pictures Saturday
morning, 11 o'clock
Varsity and Freshmen basket
bailers who played in the U. of C
games will meet at "Pop" Frank
lin's for Quad pictures Saturday
morning, 11 o'clock
Varsity and Freshmen basket
bailers who played in the U. of C
games will meet at "Pop" Frank
lin's for Quad pictures Saturday
morning, 11 o'clock
Varsity and Freshmen basket
bailers who played in the U. of C
games will meet at "Pop" Frank
lin's for Quad pictures Saturday
morning, 11 o'clock
