# Ribbon-Cutting Marks 'Big E' Opening Today
## Ceremony Adds Store To Shopping Center 
### 
A ribbon-cutting ceremony at
12:15 p.m. today will mark the
opening of the Emporium in the
Stanford Shopping Center.
"Big E" will be the largest de
partment store between San Fran
eisco and Los Angeles, with 219,-
000 square feel. There are now
two floors of selling, space, with
provision for a third.
Teller Weinmann, a Stanford
graduate, heads a staff which is
expected to fluctuate between 400
and 500, depending on seasonal
demand.
Almost simultaneously, Hast
ings of San Erancisco will open a
branch store in the shopping cen
ter.
Without fanfare, the Emporium
opened for a short period on Tues
day to give their newly-trained
sales staff some experience with
the public.
E. C. Lipman. president of Em
porium - Capwell, will preside at
the opening. Frederick O. Glover
and Kenneth Cuthbertson, assist
ants to the president, and Alf
Brandin, business manager, will
represent Stanford.
Hastings, a 102-year-old cloth
ing firm, will operate a single
floor store containing 10,500
square feet.
A ribbon-cutting ceremony at
12:15 p.m. today will mark the
opening of the Emporium in the
Stanford Shopping Center.
"Big E" will be the largest de
partment store between San Fran
eisco and Los Angeles, with 219,-
000 square feel. There are now
two floors of selling, space, with
provision for a third.
Teller Weinmann, a Stanford
graduate, heads a staff which is
expected to fluctuate between 400
and 500, depending on seasonal
demand.
Almost simultaneously, Hast
ings of San Erancisco will open a
branch store in the shopping cen
ter.
Without fanfare, the Emporium
opened for a short period on Tues
day to give their newly-trained
sales staff some experience with
the public.
E. C. Lipman. president of Em
porium - Capwell, will preside at
the opening. Frederick O. Glover
and Kenneth Cuthbertson, assist
ants to the president, and Alf
Brandin, business manager, will
represent Stanford.
Hastings, a 102-year-old cloth
ing firm, will operate a single
floor store containing 10,500
square feet.
A ribbon-cutting ceremony at
12:15 p.m. today will mark the
opening of the Emporium in the
Stanford Shopping Center.
"Big E" will be the largest de
partment store between San Fran
eisco and Los Angeles, with 219,-
000 square feel. There are now
two floors of selling, space, with
provision for a third.
Teller Weinmann, a Stanford
graduate, heads a staff which is
expected to fluctuate between 400
and 500, depending on seasonal
demand.
Almost simultaneously, Hast
ings of San Erancisco will open a
branch store in the shopping cen
ter.
Without fanfare, the Emporium
opened for a short period on Tues
day to give their newly-trained
sales staff some experience with
the public.
E. C. Lipman. president of Em
porium - Capwell, will preside at
the opening. Frederick O. Glover
and Kenneth Cuthbertson, assist
ants to the president, and Alf
Brandin, business manager, will
represent Stanford.
Hastings, a 102-year-old cloth
ing firm, will operate a single
floor store containing 10,500
square feet.
A ribbon-cutting ceremony at
12:15 p.m. today will mark the
opening of the Emporium in the
Stanford Shopping Center.
"Big E" will be the largest de
partment store between San Fran
eisco and Los Angeles, with 219,-
000 square feel. There are now
two floors of selling, space, with
provision for a third.
Teller Weinmann, a Stanford
graduate, heads a staff which is
expected to fluctuate between 400
and 500, depending on seasonal
demand.
Almost simultaneously, Hast
ings of San Erancisco will open a
branch store in the shopping cen
ter.
Without fanfare, the Emporium
opened for a short period on Tues
day to give their newly-trained
sales staff some experience with
the public.
E. C. Lipman. president of Em
porium - Capwell, will preside at
the opening. Frederick O. Glover
and Kenneth Cuthbertson, assist
ants to the president, and Alf
Brandin, business manager, will
represent Stanford.
Hastings, a 102-year-old cloth
ing firm, will operate a single
floor store containing 10,500
square feet.
A ribbon-cutting ceremony at
12:15 p.m. today will mark the
opening of the Emporium in the
Stanford Shopping Center.
"Big E" will be the largest de
partment store between San Fran
eisco and Los Angeles, with 219,-
000 square feel. There are now
two floors of selling, space, with
provision for a third.
Teller Weinmann, a Stanford
graduate, heads a staff which is
expected to fluctuate between 400
and 500, depending on seasonal
demand.
Almost simultaneously, Hast
ings of San Erancisco will open a
branch store in the shopping cen
ter.
Without fanfare, the Emporium
opened for a short period on Tues
day to give their newly-trained
sales staff some experience with
the public.
E. C. Lipman. president of Em
porium - Capwell, will preside at
the opening. Frederick O. Glover
and Kenneth Cuthbertson, assist
ants to the president, and Alf
Brandin, business manager, will
represent Stanford.
Hastings, a 102-year-old cloth
ing firm, will operate a single
floor store containing 10,500
square feet.
A ribbon-cutting ceremony at
12:15 p.m. today will mark the
opening of the Emporium in the
Stanford Shopping Center.
"Big E" will be the largest de
partment store between San Fran
eisco and Los Angeles, with 219,-
000 square feel. There are now
two floors of selling, space, with
provision for a third.
Teller Weinmann, a Stanford
graduate, heads a staff which is
expected to fluctuate between 400
and 500, depending on seasonal
demand.
Almost simultaneously, Hast
ings of San Erancisco will open a
branch store in the shopping cen
ter.
Without fanfare, the Emporium
opened for a short period on Tues
day to give their newly-trained
sales staff some experience with
the public.
E. C. Lipman. president of Em
porium - Capwell, will preside at
the opening. Frederick O. Glover
and Kenneth Cuthbertson, assist
ants to the president, and Alf
Brandin, business manager, will
represent Stanford.
Hastings, a 102-year-old cloth
ing firm, will operate a single
floor store containing 10,500
square feet.
A ribbon-cutting ceremony at
12:15 p.m. today will mark the
opening of the Emporium in the
Stanford Shopping Center.
"Big E" will be the largest de
partment store between San Fran
eisco and Los Angeles, with 219,-
000 square feel. There are now
two floors of selling, space, with
provision for a third.
Teller Weinmann, a Stanford
graduate, heads a staff which is
expected to fluctuate between 400
and 500, depending on seasonal
demand.
Almost simultaneously, Hast
ings of San Erancisco will open a
branch store in the shopping cen
ter.
Without fanfare, the Emporium
opened for a short period on Tues
day to give their newly-trained
sales staff some experience with
the public.
E. C. Lipman. president of Em
porium - Capwell, will preside at
the opening. Frederick O. Glover
and Kenneth Cuthbertson, assist
ants to the president, and Alf
Brandin, business manager, will
represent Stanford.
Hastings, a 102-year-old cloth
ing firm, will operate a single
floor store containing 10,500
square feet.
A ribbon-cutting ceremony at
12:15 p.m. today will mark the
opening of the Emporium in the
Stanford Shopping Center.
"Big E" will be the largest de
partment store between San Fran
eisco and Los Angeles, with 219,-
000 square feel. There are now
two floors of selling, space, with
provision for a third.
Teller Weinmann, a Stanford
graduate, heads a staff which is
expected to fluctuate between 400
and 500, depending on seasonal
demand.
Almost simultaneously, Hast
ings of San Erancisco will open a
branch store in the shopping cen
ter.
Without fanfare, the Emporium
opened for a short period on Tues
day to give their newly-trained
sales staff some experience with
the public.
E. C. Lipman. president of Em
porium - Capwell, will preside at
the opening. Frederick O. Glover
and Kenneth Cuthbertson, assist
ants to the president, and Alf
Brandin, business manager, will
represent Stanford.
Hastings, a 102-year-old cloth
ing firm, will operate a single
floor store containing 10,500
square feet.
A ribbon-cutting ceremony at
12:15 p.m. today will mark the
opening of the Emporium in the
Stanford Shopping Center.
"Big E" will be the largest de
partment store between San Fran
eisco and Los Angeles, with 219,-
000 square feel. There are now
two floors of selling, space, with
provision for a third.
Teller Weinmann, a Stanford
graduate, heads a staff which is
expected to fluctuate between 400
and 500, depending on seasonal
demand.
Almost simultaneously, Hast
ings of San Erancisco will open a
branch store in the shopping cen
ter.
Without fanfare, the Emporium
opened for a short period on Tues
day to give their newly-trained
sales staff some experience with
the public.
E. C. Lipman. president of Em
porium - Capwell, will preside at
the opening. Frederick O. Glover
and Kenneth Cuthbertson, assist
ants to the president, and Alf
Brandin, business manager, will
represent Stanford.
Hastings, a 102-year-old cloth
ing firm, will operate a single
floor store containing 10,500
square feet.
A ribbon-cutting ceremony at
12:15 p.m. today will mark the
opening of the Emporium in the
Stanford Shopping Center.
"Big E" will be the largest de
partment store between San Fran
eisco and Los Angeles, with 219,-
000 square feel. There are now
two floors of selling, space, with
provision for a third.
Teller Weinmann, a Stanford
graduate, heads a staff which is
expected to fluctuate between 400
and 500, depending on seasonal
demand.
Almost simultaneously, Hast
ings of San Erancisco will open a
branch store in the shopping cen
ter.
Without fanfare, the Emporium
opened for a short period on Tues
day to give their newly-trained
sales staff some experience with
the public.
E. C. Lipman. president of Em
porium - Capwell, will preside at
the opening. Frederick O. Glover
and Kenneth Cuthbertson, assist
ants to the president, and Alf
Brandin, business manager, will
represent Stanford.
Hastings, a 102-year-old cloth
ing firm, will operate a single
floor store containing 10,500
square feet.
A ribbon-cutting ceremony at
12:15 p.m. today will mark the
opening of the Emporium in the
Stanford Shopping Center.
"Big E" will be the largest de
partment store between San Fran
eisco and Los Angeles, with 219,-
000 square feel. There are now
two floors of selling, space, with
provision for a third.
Teller Weinmann, a Stanford
graduate, heads a staff which is
expected to fluctuate between 400
and 500, depending on seasonal
demand.
Almost simultaneously, Hast
ings of San Erancisco will open a
branch store in the shopping cen
ter.
Without fanfare, the Emporium
opened for a short period on Tues
day to give their newly-trained
sales staff some experience with
the public.
E. C. Lipman. president of Em
porium - Capwell, will preside at
the opening. Frederick O. Glover
and Kenneth Cuthbertson, assist
ants to the president, and Alf
Brandin, business manager, will
represent Stanford.
Hastings, a 102-year-old cloth
ing firm, will operate a single
floor store containing 10,500
square feet.
A ribbon-cutting ceremony at
12:15 p.m. today will mark the
opening of the Emporium in the
Stanford Shopping Center.
"Big E" will be the largest de
partment store between San Fran
eisco and Los Angeles, with 219,-
000 square feel. There are now
two floors of selling, space, with
provision for a third.
Teller Weinmann, a Stanford
graduate, heads a staff which is
expected to fluctuate between 400
and 500, depending on seasonal
demand.
Almost simultaneously, Hast
ings of San Erancisco will open a
branch store in the shopping cen
ter.
Without fanfare, the Emporium
opened for a short period on Tues
day to give their newly-trained
sales staff some experience with
the public.
E. C. Lipman. president of Em
porium - Capwell, will preside at
the opening. Frederick O. Glover
and Kenneth Cuthbertson, assist
ants to the president, and Alf
Brandin, business manager, will
represent Stanford.
Hastings, a 102-year-old cloth
ing firm, will operate a single
floor store containing 10,500
square feet.
A ribbon-cutting ceremony at
12:15 p.m. today will mark the
opening of the Emporium in the
Stanford Shopping Center.
"Big E" will be the largest de
partment store between San Fran
eisco and Los Angeles, with 219,-
000 square feel. There are now
two floors of selling, space, with
provision for a third.
Teller Weinmann, a Stanford
graduate, heads a staff which is
expected to fluctuate between 400
and 500, depending on seasonal
demand.
Almost simultaneously, Hast
ings of San Erancisco will open a
branch store in the shopping cen
ter.
Without fanfare, the Emporium
opened for a short period on Tues
day to give their newly-trained
sales staff some experience with
the public.
E. C. Lipman. president of Em
porium - Capwell, will preside at
the opening. Frederick O. Glover
and Kenneth Cuthbertson, assist
ants to the president, and Alf
Brandin, business manager, will
represent Stanford.
Hastings, a 102-year-old cloth
ing firm, will operate a single
floor store containing 10,500
square feet.
A ribbon-cutting ceremony at
12:15 p.m. today will mark the
opening of the Emporium in the
Stanford Shopping Center.
"Big E" will be the largest de
partment store between San Fran
eisco and Los Angeles, with 219,-
000 square feel. There are now
two floors of selling, space, with
provision for a third.
Teller Weinmann, a Stanford
graduate, heads a staff which is
expected to fluctuate between 400
and 500, depending on seasonal
demand.
Almost simultaneously, Hast
ings of San Erancisco will open a
branch store in the shopping cen
ter.
Without fanfare, the Emporium
opened for a short period on Tues
day to give their newly-trained
sales staff some experience with
the public.
E. C. Lipman. president of Em
porium - Capwell, will preside at
the opening. Frederick O. Glover
and Kenneth Cuthbertson, assist
ants to the president, and Alf
Brandin, business manager, will
represent Stanford.
Hastings, a 102-year-old cloth
ing firm, will operate a single
floor store containing 10,500
square feet.
A ribbon-cutting ceremony at
12:15 p.m. today will mark the
opening of the Emporium in the
Stanford Shopping Center.
"Big E" will be the largest de
partment store between San Fran
eisco and Los Angeles, with 219,-
000 square feel. There are now
two floors of selling, space, with
provision for a third.
Teller Weinmann, a Stanford
graduate, heads a staff which is
expected to fluctuate between 400
and 500, depending on seasonal
demand.
Almost simultaneously, Hast
ings of San Erancisco will open a
branch store in the shopping cen
ter.
Without fanfare, the Emporium
opened for a short period on Tues
day to give their newly-trained
sales staff some experience with
the public.
E. C. Lipman. president of Em
porium - Capwell, will preside at
the opening. Frederick O. Glover
and Kenneth Cuthbertson, assist
ants to the president, and Alf
Brandin, business manager, will
represent Stanford.
Hastings, a 102-year-old cloth
ing firm, will operate a single
floor store containing 10,500
square feet.
