# English Consul To Talk Today On Empire's Ills
## 
### 
British Consul John Ford, M.C.,
will deliver a In Ik on Great Brit
ain at 1:15 p.m. in Bowman Alum
ni House.
Undei the auspices of the Insti
tute of International Relations,
Ford will present "A Survey of
Current Problems Facing Brit
ain."
An Englishman by birth, Ford
is well versed in this field. He
was born in 11)22 at Newcastle,
Staffordshire, and was educated
at Sedbergh School. Yorkshire,
and at Oriel College, Oxford.
Called into the Royal Artillery
in 1!>1I Ford was commissioned
a year later and advanced to the
rank of captain and later to
major. He was awarded the Mili
tary Cross it 1 Germany in 1945.
during an advance oil the Rhine.
Following militniy service he
joined the Foreign Office and was
posted to the British Legation.
He is now serving in San Fran
cisco directly under the Consul
General as consul for II Western
states.
This afternoon's program is
open to ;«11 interested students
and faculty. Refreshments will
tie served and a question period
will follow the talk.


JOHN KOMI)
To discuss British problems
British Consul John Ford, M.C.,
will deliver a In Ik on Great Brit
ain at 1:15 p.m. in Bowman Alum
ni House.
Undei the auspices of the Insti
tute of International Relations,
Ford will present "A Survey of
Current Problems Facing Brit
ain."
An Englishman by birth, Ford
is well versed in this field. He
was born in 11)22 at Newcastle,
Staffordshire, and was educated
at Sedbergh School. Yorkshire,
and at Oriel College, Oxford.
Called into the Royal Artillery
in 1!>1I Ford was commissioned
a year later and advanced to the
rank of captain and later to
major. He was awarded the Mili
tary Cross it 1 Germany in 1945.
during an advance oil the Rhine.
Following militniy service he
joined the Foreign Office and was
posted to the British Legation.
He is now serving in San Fran
cisco directly under the Consul
General as consul for II Western
states.
This afternoon's program is
open to ;«11 interested students
and faculty. Refreshments will
tie served and a question period
will follow the talk.


JOHN KOMI)
To discuss British problems
British Consul John Ford, M.C.,
will deliver a In Ik on Great Brit
ain at 1:15 p.m. in Bowman Alum
ni House.
Undei the auspices of the Insti
tute of International Relations,
Ford will present "A Survey of
Current Problems Facing Brit
ain."
An Englishman by birth, Ford
is well versed in this field. He
was born in 11)22 at Newcastle,
Staffordshire, and was educated
at Sedbergh School. Yorkshire,
and at Oriel College, Oxford.
Called into the Royal Artillery
in 1!>1I Ford was commissioned
a year later and advanced to the
rank of captain and later to
major. He was awarded the Mili
tary Cross it 1 Germany in 1945.
during an advance oil the Rhine.
Following militniy service he
joined the Foreign Office and was
posted to the British Legation.
He is now serving in San Fran
cisco directly under the Consul
General as consul for II Western
states.
This afternoon's program is
open to ;«11 interested students
and faculty. Refreshments will
tie served and a question period
will follow the talk.


JOHN KOMI)
To discuss British problems
British Consul John Ford, M.C.,
will deliver a In Ik on Great Brit
ain at 1:15 p.m. in Bowman Alum
ni House.
Undei the auspices of the Insti
tute of International Relations,
Ford will present "A Survey of
Current Problems Facing Brit
ain."
An Englishman by birth, Ford
is well versed in this field. He
was born in 11)22 at Newcastle,
Staffordshire, and was educated
at Sedbergh School. Yorkshire,
and at Oriel College, Oxford.
Called into the Royal Artillery
in 1!>1I Ford was commissioned
a year later and advanced to the
rank of captain and later to
major. He was awarded the Mili
tary Cross it 1 Germany in 1945.
during an advance oil the Rhine.
Following militniy service he
joined the Foreign Office and was
posted to the British Legation.
He is now serving in San Fran
cisco directly under the Consul
General as consul for II Western
states.
This afternoon's program is
open to ;«11 interested students
and faculty. Refreshments will
tie served and a question period
will follow the talk.


JOHN KOMI)
To discuss British problems
British Consul John Ford, M.C.,
will deliver a In Ik on Great Brit
ain at 1:15 p.m. in Bowman Alum
ni House.
Undei the auspices of the Insti
tute of International Relations,
Ford will present "A Survey of
Current Problems Facing Brit
ain."
An Englishman by birth, Ford
is well versed in this field. He
was born in 11)22 at Newcastle,
Staffordshire, and was educated
at Sedbergh School. Yorkshire,
and at Oriel College, Oxford.
Called into the Royal Artillery
in 1!>1I Ford was commissioned
a year later and advanced to the
rank of captain and later to
major. He was awarded the Mili
tary Cross it 1 Germany in 1945.
during an advance oil the Rhine.
Following militniy service he
joined the Foreign Office and was
posted to the British Legation.
He is now serving in San Fran
cisco directly under the Consul
General as consul for II Western
states.
This afternoon's program is
open to ;«11 interested students
and faculty. Refreshments will
tie served and a question period
will follow the talk.


JOHN KOMI)
To discuss British problems
British Consul John Ford, M.C.,
will deliver a In Ik on Great Brit
ain at 1:15 p.m. in Bowman Alum
ni House.
Undei the auspices of the Insti
tute of International Relations,
Ford will present "A Survey of
Current Problems Facing Brit
ain."
An Englishman by birth, Ford
is well versed in this field. He
was born in 11)22 at Newcastle,
Staffordshire, and was educated
at Sedbergh School. Yorkshire,
and at Oriel College, Oxford.
Called into the Royal Artillery
in 1!>1I Ford was commissioned
a year later and advanced to the
rank of captain and later to
major. He was awarded the Mili
tary Cross it 1 Germany in 1945.
during an advance oil the Rhine.
Following militniy service he
joined the Foreign Office and was
posted to the British Legation.
He is now serving in San Fran
cisco directly under the Consul
General as consul for II Western
states.
This afternoon's program is
open to ;«11 interested students
and faculty. Refreshments will
tie served and a question period
will follow the talk.


JOHN KOMI)
To discuss British problems
British Consul John Ford, M.C.,
will deliver a In Ik on Great Brit
ain at 1:15 p.m. in Bowman Alum
ni House.
Undei the auspices of the Insti
tute of International Relations,
Ford will present "A Survey of
Current Problems Facing Brit
ain."
An Englishman by birth, Ford
is well versed in this field. He
was born in 11)22 at Newcastle,
Staffordshire, and was educated
at Sedbergh School. Yorkshire,
and at Oriel College, Oxford.
Called into the Royal Artillery
in 1!>1I Ford was commissioned
a year later and advanced to the
rank of captain and later to
major. He was awarded the Mili
tary Cross it 1 Germany in 1945.
during an advance oil the Rhine.
Following militniy service he
joined the Foreign Office and was
posted to the British Legation.
He is now serving in San Fran
cisco directly under the Consul
General as consul for II Western
states.
This afternoon's program is
open to ;«11 interested students
and faculty. Refreshments will
tie served and a question period
will follow the talk.


JOHN KOMI)
To discuss British problems
British Consul John Ford, M.C.,
will deliver a In Ik on Great Brit
ain at 1:15 p.m. in Bowman Alum
ni House.
Undei the auspices of the Insti
tute of International Relations,
Ford will present "A Survey of
Current Problems Facing Brit
ain."
An Englishman by birth, Ford
is well versed in this field. He
was born in 11)22 at Newcastle,
Staffordshire, and was educated
at Sedbergh School. Yorkshire,
and at Oriel College, Oxford.
Called into the Royal Artillery
in 1!>1I Ford was commissioned
a year later and advanced to the
rank of captain and later to
major. He was awarded the Mili
tary Cross it 1 Germany in 1945.
during an advance oil the Rhine.
Following militniy service he
joined the Foreign Office and was
posted to the British Legation.
He is now serving in San Fran
cisco directly under the Consul
General as consul for II Western
states.
This afternoon's program is
open to ;«11 interested students
and faculty. Refreshments will
tie served and a question period
will follow the talk.


JOHN KOMI)
To discuss British problems
British Consul John Ford, M.C.,
will deliver a In Ik on Great Brit
ain at 1:15 p.m. in Bowman Alum
ni House.
Undei the auspices of the Insti
tute of International Relations,
Ford will present "A Survey of
Current Problems Facing Brit
ain."
An Englishman by birth, Ford
is well versed in this field. He
was born in 11)22 at Newcastle,
Staffordshire, and was educated
at Sedbergh School. Yorkshire,
and at Oriel College, Oxford.
Called into the Royal Artillery
in 1!>1I Ford was commissioned
a year later and advanced to the
rank of captain and later to
major. He was awarded the Mili
tary Cross it 1 Germany in 1945.
during an advance oil the Rhine.
Following militniy service he
joined the Foreign Office and was
posted to the British Legation.
He is now serving in San Fran
cisco directly under the Consul
General as consul for II Western
states.
This afternoon's program is
open to ;«11 interested students
and faculty. Refreshments will
tie served and a question period
will follow the talk.


JOHN KOMI)
To discuss British problems
British Consul John Ford, M.C.,
will deliver a In Ik on Great Brit
ain at 1:15 p.m. in Bowman Alum
ni House.
Undei the auspices of the Insti
tute of International Relations,
Ford will present "A Survey of
Current Problems Facing Brit
ain."
An Englishman by birth, Ford
is well versed in this field. He
was born in 11)22 at Newcastle,
Staffordshire, and was educated
at Sedbergh School. Yorkshire,
and at Oriel College, Oxford.
Called into the Royal Artillery
in 1!>1I Ford was commissioned
a year later and advanced to the
rank of captain and later to
major. He was awarded the Mili
tary Cross it 1 Germany in 1945.
during an advance oil the Rhine.
Following militniy service he
joined the Foreign Office and was
posted to the British Legation.
He is now serving in San Fran
cisco directly under the Consul
General as consul for II Western
states.
This afternoon's program is
open to ;«11 interested students
and faculty. Refreshments will
tie served and a question period
will follow the talk.


JOHN KOMI)
To discuss British problems
British Consul John Ford, M.C.,
will deliver a In Ik on Great Brit
ain at 1:15 p.m. in Bowman Alum
ni House.
Undei the auspices of the Insti
tute of International Relations,
Ford will present "A Survey of
Current Problems Facing Brit
ain."
An Englishman by birth, Ford
is well versed in this field. He
was born in 11)22 at Newcastle,
Staffordshire, and was educated
at Sedbergh School. Yorkshire,
and at Oriel College, Oxford.
Called into the Royal Artillery
in 1!>1I Ford was commissioned
a year later and advanced to the
rank of captain and later to
major. He was awarded the Mili
tary Cross it 1 Germany in 1945.
during an advance oil the Rhine.
Following militniy service he
joined the Foreign Office and was
posted to the British Legation.
He is now serving in San Fran
cisco directly under the Consul
General as consul for II Western
states.
This afternoon's program is
open to ;«11 interested students
and faculty. Refreshments will
tie served and a question period
will follow the talk.


JOHN KOMI)
To discuss British problems
British Consul John Ford, M.C.,
will deliver a In Ik on Great Brit
ain at 1:15 p.m. in Bowman Alum
ni House.
Undei the auspices of the Insti
tute of International Relations,
Ford will present "A Survey of
Current Problems Facing Brit
ain."
An Englishman by birth, Ford
is well versed in this field. He
was born in 11)22 at Newcastle,
Staffordshire, and was educated
at Sedbergh School. Yorkshire,
and at Oriel College, Oxford.
Called into the Royal Artillery
in 1!>1I Ford was commissioned
a year later and advanced to the
rank of captain and later to
major. He was awarded the Mili
tary Cross it 1 Germany in 1945.
during an advance oil the Rhine.
Following militniy service he
joined the Foreign Office and was
posted to the British Legation.
He is now serving in San Fran
cisco directly under the Consul
General as consul for II Western
states.
This afternoon's program is
open to ;«11 interested students
and faculty. Refreshments will
tie served and a question period
will follow the talk.


JOHN KOMI)
To discuss British problems
British Consul John Ford, M.C.,
will deliver a In Ik on Great Brit
ain at 1:15 p.m. in Bowman Alum
ni House.
Undei the auspices of the Insti
tute of International Relations,
Ford will present "A Survey of
Current Problems Facing Brit
ain."
An Englishman by birth, Ford
is well versed in this field. He
was born in 11)22 at Newcastle,
Staffordshire, and was educated
at Sedbergh School. Yorkshire,
and at Oriel College, Oxford.
Called into the Royal Artillery
in 1!>1I Ford was commissioned
a year later and advanced to the
rank of captain and later to
major. He was awarded the Mili
tary Cross it 1 Germany in 1945.
during an advance oil the Rhine.
Following militniy service he
joined the Foreign Office and was
posted to the British Legation.
He is now serving in San Fran
cisco directly under the Consul
General as consul for II Western
states.
This afternoon's program is
open to ;«11 interested students
and faculty. Refreshments will
tie served and a question period
will follow the talk.


JOHN KOMI)
To discuss British problems
British Consul John Ford, M.C.,
will deliver a In Ik on Great Brit
ain at 1:15 p.m. in Bowman Alum
ni House.
Undei the auspices of the Insti
tute of International Relations,
Ford will present "A Survey of
Current Problems Facing Brit
ain."
An Englishman by birth, Ford
is well versed in this field. He
was born in 11)22 at Newcastle,
Staffordshire, and was educated
at Sedbergh School. Yorkshire,
and at Oriel College, Oxford.
Called into the Royal Artillery
in 1!>1I Ford was commissioned
a year later and advanced to the
rank of captain and later to
major. He was awarded the Mili
tary Cross it 1 Germany in 1945.
during an advance oil the Rhine.
Following militniy service he
joined the Foreign Office and was
posted to the British Legation.
He is now serving in San Fran
cisco directly under the Consul
General as consul for II Western
states.
This afternoon's program is
open to ;«11 interested students
and faculty. Refreshments will
tie served and a question period
will follow the talk.


JOHN KOMI)
To discuss British problems
British Consul John Ford, M.C.,
will deliver a In Ik on Great Brit
ain at 1:15 p.m. in Bowman Alum
ni House.
Undei the auspices of the Insti
tute of International Relations,
Ford will present "A Survey of
Current Problems Facing Brit
ain."
An Englishman by birth, Ford
is well versed in this field. He
was born in 11)22 at Newcastle,
Staffordshire, and was educated
at Sedbergh School. Yorkshire,
and at Oriel College, Oxford.
Called into the Royal Artillery
in 1!>1I Ford was commissioned
a year later and advanced to the
rank of captain and later to
major. He was awarded the Mili
tary Cross it 1 Germany in 1945.
during an advance oil the Rhine.
Following militniy service he
joined the Foreign Office and was
posted to the British Legation.
He is now serving in San Fran
cisco directly under the Consul
General as consul for II Western
states.
This afternoon's program is
open to ;«11 interested students
and faculty. Refreshments will
tie served and a question period
will follow the talk.


JOHN KOMI)
To discuss British problems
