# Med School Gets $100,000
## 
### 
Two grants totaling more than
$100,000 have been presented to
Stanford's Medical School by
Louis R. Lurie of San Francisco,
Medical School Dean Windsor C.
Cutting announced Tuesday.
The grants Will recognize the
work of two Stanford faculty
members in the field of heart dis
ease.
The Dr. Emile F. Holman Fel
lowship in Surgery will honor Dr.
Holman, emeritus professor of
surgery at the school. He is cred
ited with performing the first
"blue baby" operation on the Pa
cific Coast.
The Dr. Roger Bain McKenzie
Scholarship in Medicine is in rec
ognition of the work of Dr. Mc-
Kenzie, associate clinical profes
sor of medicine at the school.
Two grants totaling more than
$100,000 have been presented to
Stanford's Medical School by
Louis R. Lurie of San Francisco,
Medical School Dean Windsor C.
Cutting announced Tuesday.
The grants Will recognize the
work of two Stanford faculty
members in the field of heart dis
ease.
The Dr. Emile F. Holman Fel
lowship in Surgery will honor Dr.
Holman, emeritus professor of
surgery at the school. He is cred
ited with performing the first
"blue baby" operation on the Pa
cific Coast.
The Dr. Roger Bain McKenzie
Scholarship in Medicine is in rec
ognition of the work of Dr. Mc-
Kenzie, associate clinical profes
sor of medicine at the school.
Two grants totaling more than
$100,000 have been presented to
Stanford's Medical School by
Louis R. Lurie of San Francisco,
Medical School Dean Windsor C.
Cutting announced Tuesday.
The grants Will recognize the
work of two Stanford faculty
members in the field of heart dis
ease.
The Dr. Emile F. Holman Fel
lowship in Surgery will honor Dr.
Holman, emeritus professor of
surgery at the school. He is cred
ited with performing the first
"blue baby" operation on the Pa
cific Coast.
The Dr. Roger Bain McKenzie
Scholarship in Medicine is in rec
ognition of the work of Dr. Mc-
Kenzie, associate clinical profes
sor of medicine at the school.
Two grants totaling more than
$100,000 have been presented to
Stanford's Medical School by
Louis R. Lurie of San Francisco,
Medical School Dean Windsor C.
Cutting announced Tuesday.
The grants Will recognize the
work of two Stanford faculty
members in the field of heart dis
ease.
The Dr. Emile F. Holman Fel
lowship in Surgery will honor Dr.
Holman, emeritus professor of
surgery at the school. He is cred
ited with performing the first
"blue baby" operation on the Pa
cific Coast.
The Dr. Roger Bain McKenzie
Scholarship in Medicine is in rec
ognition of the work of Dr. Mc-
Kenzie, associate clinical profes
sor of medicine at the school.
Two grants totaling more than
$100,000 have been presented to
Stanford's Medical School by
Louis R. Lurie of San Francisco,
Medical School Dean Windsor C.
Cutting announced Tuesday.
The grants Will recognize the
work of two Stanford faculty
members in the field of heart dis
ease.
The Dr. Emile F. Holman Fel
lowship in Surgery will honor Dr.
Holman, emeritus professor of
surgery at the school. He is cred
ited with performing the first
"blue baby" operation on the Pa
cific Coast.
The Dr. Roger Bain McKenzie
Scholarship in Medicine is in rec
ognition of the work of Dr. Mc-
Kenzie, associate clinical profes
sor of medicine at the school.
Two grants totaling more than
$100,000 have been presented to
Stanford's Medical School by
Louis R. Lurie of San Francisco,
Medical School Dean Windsor C.
Cutting announced Tuesday.
The grants Will recognize the
work of two Stanford faculty
members in the field of heart dis
ease.
The Dr. Emile F. Holman Fel
lowship in Surgery will honor Dr.
Holman, emeritus professor of
surgery at the school. He is cred
ited with performing the first
"blue baby" operation on the Pa
cific Coast.
The Dr. Roger Bain McKenzie
Scholarship in Medicine is in rec
ognition of the work of Dr. Mc-
Kenzie, associate clinical profes
sor of medicine at the school.
Two grants totaling more than
$100,000 have been presented to
Stanford's Medical School by
Louis R. Lurie of San Francisco,
Medical School Dean Windsor C.
Cutting announced Tuesday.
The grants Will recognize the
work of two Stanford faculty
members in the field of heart dis
ease.
The Dr. Emile F. Holman Fel
lowship in Surgery will honor Dr.
Holman, emeritus professor of
surgery at the school. He is cred
ited with performing the first
"blue baby" operation on the Pa
cific Coast.
The Dr. Roger Bain McKenzie
Scholarship in Medicine is in rec
ognition of the work of Dr. Mc-
Kenzie, associate clinical profes
sor of medicine at the school.
Two grants totaling more than
$100,000 have been presented to
Stanford's Medical School by
Louis R. Lurie of San Francisco,
Medical School Dean Windsor C.
Cutting announced Tuesday.
The grants Will recognize the
work of two Stanford faculty
members in the field of heart dis
ease.
The Dr. Emile F. Holman Fel
lowship in Surgery will honor Dr.
Holman, emeritus professor of
surgery at the school. He is cred
ited with performing the first
"blue baby" operation on the Pa
cific Coast.
The Dr. Roger Bain McKenzie
Scholarship in Medicine is in rec
ognition of the work of Dr. Mc-
Kenzie, associate clinical profes
sor of medicine at the school.
Two grants totaling more than
$100,000 have been presented to
Stanford's Medical School by
Louis R. Lurie of San Francisco,
Medical School Dean Windsor C.
Cutting announced Tuesday.
The grants Will recognize the
work of two Stanford faculty
members in the field of heart dis
ease.
The Dr. Emile F. Holman Fel
lowship in Surgery will honor Dr.
Holman, emeritus professor of
surgery at the school. He is cred
ited with performing the first
"blue baby" operation on the Pa
cific Coast.
The Dr. Roger Bain McKenzie
Scholarship in Medicine is in rec
ognition of the work of Dr. Mc-
Kenzie, associate clinical profes
sor of medicine at the school.
Two grants totaling more than
$100,000 have been presented to
Stanford's Medical School by
Louis R. Lurie of San Francisco,
Medical School Dean Windsor C.
Cutting announced Tuesday.
The grants Will recognize the
work of two Stanford faculty
members in the field of heart dis
ease.
The Dr. Emile F. Holman Fel
lowship in Surgery will honor Dr.
Holman, emeritus professor of
surgery at the school. He is cred
ited with performing the first
"blue baby" operation on the Pa
cific Coast.
The Dr. Roger Bain McKenzie
Scholarship in Medicine is in rec
ognition of the work of Dr. Mc-
Kenzie, associate clinical profes
sor of medicine at the school.
Two grants totaling more than
$100,000 have been presented to
Stanford's Medical School by
Louis R. Lurie of San Francisco,
Medical School Dean Windsor C.
Cutting announced Tuesday.
The grants Will recognize the
work of two Stanford faculty
members in the field of heart dis
ease.
The Dr. Emile F. Holman Fel
lowship in Surgery will honor Dr.
Holman, emeritus professor of
surgery at the school. He is cred
ited with performing the first
"blue baby" operation on the Pa
cific Coast.
The Dr. Roger Bain McKenzie
Scholarship in Medicine is in rec
ognition of the work of Dr. Mc-
Kenzie, associate clinical profes
sor of medicine at the school.
Two grants totaling more than
$100,000 have been presented to
Stanford's Medical School by
Louis R. Lurie of San Francisco,
Medical School Dean Windsor C.
Cutting announced Tuesday.
The grants Will recognize the
work of two Stanford faculty
members in the field of heart dis
ease.
The Dr. Emile F. Holman Fel
lowship in Surgery will honor Dr.
Holman, emeritus professor of
surgery at the school. He is cred
ited with performing the first
"blue baby" operation on the Pa
cific Coast.
The Dr. Roger Bain McKenzie
Scholarship in Medicine is in rec
ognition of the work of Dr. Mc-
Kenzie, associate clinical profes
sor of medicine at the school.
Two grants totaling more than
$100,000 have been presented to
Stanford's Medical School by
Louis R. Lurie of San Francisco,
Medical School Dean Windsor C.
Cutting announced Tuesday.
The grants Will recognize the
work of two Stanford faculty
members in the field of heart dis
ease.
The Dr. Emile F. Holman Fel
lowship in Surgery will honor Dr.
Holman, emeritus professor of
surgery at the school. He is cred
ited with performing the first
"blue baby" operation on the Pa
cific Coast.
The Dr. Roger Bain McKenzie
Scholarship in Medicine is in rec
ognition of the work of Dr. Mc-
Kenzie, associate clinical profes
sor of medicine at the school.
Two grants totaling more than
$100,000 have been presented to
Stanford's Medical School by
Louis R. Lurie of San Francisco,
Medical School Dean Windsor C.
Cutting announced Tuesday.
The grants Will recognize the
work of two Stanford faculty
members in the field of heart dis
ease.
The Dr. Emile F. Holman Fel
lowship in Surgery will honor Dr.
Holman, emeritus professor of
surgery at the school. He is cred
ited with performing the first
"blue baby" operation on the Pa
cific Coast.
The Dr. Roger Bain McKenzie
Scholarship in Medicine is in rec
ognition of the work of Dr. Mc-
Kenzie, associate clinical profes
sor of medicine at the school.
Two grants totaling more than
$100,000 have been presented to
Stanford's Medical School by
Louis R. Lurie of San Francisco,
Medical School Dean Windsor C.
Cutting announced Tuesday.
The grants Will recognize the
work of two Stanford faculty
members in the field of heart dis
ease.
The Dr. Emile F. Holman Fel
lowship in Surgery will honor Dr.
Holman, emeritus professor of
surgery at the school. He is cred
ited with performing the first
"blue baby" operation on the Pa
cific Coast.
The Dr. Roger Bain McKenzie
Scholarship in Medicine is in rec
ognition of the work of Dr. Mc-
Kenzie, associate clinical profes
sor of medicine at the school.
