# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
New York University gained 1,209
this year, bringing the total enroll
ment up to 5,637.
New York University gained 1,209
this year, bringing the total enroll
ment up to 5,637.
New York University gained 1,209
this year, bringing the total enroll
ment up to 5,637.
New York University gained 1,209
this year, bringing the total enroll
ment up to 5,637.
New York University gained 1,209
this year, bringing the total enroll
ment up to 5,637.
New York University gained 1,209
this year, bringing the total enroll
ment up to 5,637.
New York University gained 1,209
this year, bringing the total enroll
ment up to 5,637.
New York University gained 1,209
this year, bringing the total enroll
ment up to 5,637.
New York University gained 1,209
this year, bringing the total enroll
ment up to 5,637.
New York University gained 1,209
this year, bringing the total enroll
ment up to 5,637.
New York University gained 1,209
this year, bringing the total enroll
ment up to 5,637.
New York University gained 1,209
this year, bringing the total enroll
ment up to 5,637.
New York University gained 1,209
this year, bringing the total enroll
ment up to 5,637.
New York University gained 1,209
this year, bringing the total enroll
ment up to 5,637.
