# ENCINA CLUB CHOOSES SANDSTROM PRESIDENT FOR NEXT SEMESTER
## 
### 
In the semi-annual election of offi
cers for Encina Club held last even
ing A. C. Sandstrom, '14, was chosen
president for the ensuing semester.
The newly chosen president registers
from Portland in the Civil Engineer-

the house com
mittee. They were
A. E. Worthy, F. E.
Rehm and E. M.
Bonnett. The di
ing department and
was a substitute on
the 1913 varsity
rugby fifteen. Three
members of the
Junior class were
elected to serve on

tors chosen were: 1914, T. C. Claus
sen, F. E. Franceschi; 1915, W. B.
Blodget, G. Jacomini; 191G, H. Levy,
J. C. Wood; 1917, E. E. Davidson, W.
H. Bonnett.


A. Sandstrom.
In the semi-annual election of offi
cers for Encina Club held last even
ing A. C. Sandstrom, '14, was chosen
president for the ensuing semester.
The newly chosen president registers
from Portland in the Civil Engineer-

the house com
mittee. They were
A. E. Worthy, F. E.
Rehm and E. M.
Bonnett. The di
ing department and
was a substitute on
the 1913 varsity
rugby fifteen. Three
members of the
Junior class were
elected to serve on

tors chosen were: 1914, T. C. Claus
sen, F. E. Franceschi; 1915, W. B.
Blodget, G. Jacomini; 191G, H. Levy,
J. C. Wood; 1917, E. E. Davidson, W.
H. Bonnett.


A. Sandstrom.
In the semi-annual election of offi
cers for Encina Club held last even
ing A. C. Sandstrom, '14, was chosen
president for the ensuing semester.
The newly chosen president registers
from Portland in the Civil Engineer-

the house com
mittee. They were
A. E. Worthy, F. E.
Rehm and E. M.
Bonnett. The di
ing department and
was a substitute on
the 1913 varsity
rugby fifteen. Three
members of the
Junior class were
elected to serve on

tors chosen were: 1914, T. C. Claus
sen, F. E. Franceschi; 1915, W. B.
Blodget, G. Jacomini; 191G, H. Levy,
J. C. Wood; 1917, E. E. Davidson, W.
H. Bonnett.


A. Sandstrom.
In the semi-annual election of offi
cers for Encina Club held last even
ing A. C. Sandstrom, '14, was chosen
president for the ensuing semester.
The newly chosen president registers
from Portland in the Civil Engineer-

the house com
mittee. They were
A. E. Worthy, F. E.
Rehm and E. M.
Bonnett. The di
ing department and
was a substitute on
the 1913 varsity
rugby fifteen. Three
members of the
Junior class were
elected to serve on

tors chosen were: 1914, T. C. Claus
sen, F. E. Franceschi; 1915, W. B.
Blodget, G. Jacomini; 191G, H. Levy,
J. C. Wood; 1917, E. E. Davidson, W.
H. Bonnett.


A. Sandstrom.
In the semi-annual election of offi
cers for Encina Club held last even
ing A. C. Sandstrom, '14, was chosen
president for the ensuing semester.
The newly chosen president registers
from Portland in the Civil Engineer-

the house com
mittee. They were
A. E. Worthy, F. E.
Rehm and E. M.
Bonnett. The di
ing department and
was a substitute on
the 1913 varsity
rugby fifteen. Three
members of the
Junior class were
elected to serve on

tors chosen were: 1914, T. C. Claus
sen, F. E. Franceschi; 1915, W. B.
Blodget, G. Jacomini; 191G, H. Levy,
J. C. Wood; 1917, E. E. Davidson, W.
H. Bonnett.


A. Sandstrom.
In the semi-annual election of offi
cers for Encina Club held last even
ing A. C. Sandstrom, '14, was chosen
president for the ensuing semester.
The newly chosen president registers
from Portland in the Civil Engineer-

the house com
mittee. They were
A. E. Worthy, F. E.
Rehm and E. M.
Bonnett. The di
ing department and
was a substitute on
the 1913 varsity
rugby fifteen. Three
members of the
Junior class were
elected to serve on

tors chosen were: 1914, T. C. Claus
sen, F. E. Franceschi; 1915, W. B.
Blodget, G. Jacomini; 191G, H. Levy,
J. C. Wood; 1917, E. E. Davidson, W.
H. Bonnett.


A. Sandstrom.
In the semi-annual election of offi
cers for Encina Club held last even
ing A. C. Sandstrom, '14, was chosen
president for the ensuing semester.
The newly chosen president registers
from Portland in the Civil Engineer-

the house com
mittee. They were
A. E. Worthy, F. E.
Rehm and E. M.
Bonnett. The di
ing department and
was a substitute on
the 1913 varsity
rugby fifteen. Three
members of the
Junior class were
elected to serve on

tors chosen were: 1914, T. C. Claus
sen, F. E. Franceschi; 1915, W. B.
Blodget, G. Jacomini; 191G, H. Levy,
J. C. Wood; 1917, E. E. Davidson, W.
H. Bonnett.


A. Sandstrom.
In the semi-annual election of offi
cers for Encina Club held last even
ing A. C. Sandstrom, '14, was chosen
president for the ensuing semester.
The newly chosen president registers
from Portland in the Civil Engineer-

the house com
mittee. They were
A. E. Worthy, F. E.
Rehm and E. M.
Bonnett. The di
ing department and
was a substitute on
the 1913 varsity
rugby fifteen. Three
members of the
Junior class were
elected to serve on

tors chosen were: 1914, T. C. Claus
sen, F. E. Franceschi; 1915, W. B.
Blodget, G. Jacomini; 191G, H. Levy,
J. C. Wood; 1917, E. E. Davidson, W.
H. Bonnett.


A. Sandstrom.
In the semi-annual election of offi
cers for Encina Club held last even
ing A. C. Sandstrom, '14, was chosen
president for the ensuing semester.
The newly chosen president registers
from Portland in the Civil Engineer-

the house com
mittee. They were
A. E. Worthy, F. E.
Rehm and E. M.
Bonnett. The di
ing department and
was a substitute on
the 1913 varsity
rugby fifteen. Three
members of the
Junior class were
elected to serve on

tors chosen were: 1914, T. C. Claus
sen, F. E. Franceschi; 1915, W. B.
Blodget, G. Jacomini; 191G, H. Levy,
J. C. Wood; 1917, E. E. Davidson, W.
H. Bonnett.


A. Sandstrom.
In the semi-annual election of offi
cers for Encina Club held last even
ing A. C. Sandstrom, '14, was chosen
president for the ensuing semester.
The newly chosen president registers
from Portland in the Civil Engineer-

the house com
mittee. They were
A. E. Worthy, F. E.
Rehm and E. M.
Bonnett. The di
ing department and
was a substitute on
the 1913 varsity
rugby fifteen. Three
members of the
Junior class were
elected to serve on

tors chosen were: 1914, T. C. Claus
sen, F. E. Franceschi; 1915, W. B.
Blodget, G. Jacomini; 191G, H. Levy,
J. C. Wood; 1917, E. E. Davidson, W.
H. Bonnett.


A. Sandstrom.
In the semi-annual election of offi
cers for Encina Club held last even
ing A. C. Sandstrom, '14, was chosen
president for the ensuing semester.
The newly chosen president registers
from Portland in the Civil Engineer-

the house com
mittee. They were
A. E. Worthy, F. E.
Rehm and E. M.
Bonnett. The di
ing department and
was a substitute on
the 1913 varsity
rugby fifteen. Three
members of the
Junior class were
elected to serve on

tors chosen were: 1914, T. C. Claus
sen, F. E. Franceschi; 1915, W. B.
Blodget, G. Jacomini; 191G, H. Levy,
J. C. Wood; 1917, E. E. Davidson, W.
H. Bonnett.


A. Sandstrom.
In the semi-annual election of offi
cers for Encina Club held last even
ing A. C. Sandstrom, '14, was chosen
president for the ensuing semester.
The newly chosen president registers
from Portland in the Civil Engineer-

the house com
mittee. They were
A. E. Worthy, F. E.
Rehm and E. M.
Bonnett. The di
ing department and
was a substitute on
the 1913 varsity
rugby fifteen. Three
members of the
Junior class were
elected to serve on

tors chosen were: 1914, T. C. Claus
sen, F. E. Franceschi; 1915, W. B.
Blodget, G. Jacomini; 191G, H. Levy,
J. C. Wood; 1917, E. E. Davidson, W.
H. Bonnett.


A. Sandstrom.
In the semi-annual election of offi
cers for Encina Club held last even
ing A. C. Sandstrom, '14, was chosen
president for the ensuing semester.
The newly chosen president registers
from Portland in the Civil Engineer-

the house com
mittee. They were
A. E. Worthy, F. E.
Rehm and E. M.
Bonnett. The di
ing department and
was a substitute on
the 1913 varsity
rugby fifteen. Three
members of the
Junior class were
elected to serve on

tors chosen were: 1914, T. C. Claus
sen, F. E. Franceschi; 1915, W. B.
Blodget, G. Jacomini; 191G, H. Levy,
J. C. Wood; 1917, E. E. Davidson, W.
H. Bonnett.


A. Sandstrom.
In the semi-annual election of offi
cers for Encina Club held last even
ing A. C. Sandstrom, '14, was chosen
president for the ensuing semester.
The newly chosen president registers
from Portland in the Civil Engineer-

the house com
mittee. They were
A. E. Worthy, F. E.
Rehm and E. M.
Bonnett. The di
ing department and
was a substitute on
the 1913 varsity
rugby fifteen. Three
members of the
Junior class were
elected to serve on

tors chosen were: 1914, T. C. Claus
sen, F. E. Franceschi; 1915, W. B.
Blodget, G. Jacomini; 191G, H. Levy,
J. C. Wood; 1917, E. E. Davidson, W.
H. Bonnett.


A. Sandstrom.
