# WINONA BASSETT ELECTED SCHUBERT CLUB PRESIDENT
## 
### 
Miss Winona Hassett, '14, was re
cently chosen by the members of the
Schubert Club, to act as its president
during the coming semester, which
promises to be a very active one for
the club. The other officers chosen
are Miss E. McCord, '15, business
manager; Miss V. Connell, '17, secre
tary, and Miss M. Gray, librarian.
Under the able direction of L. H.
Eaton, university organist, Schubert
Club is planning to take entire charge
of the music for the Exposition to be
given by Cap and Gown, to render a
musical at a meeting of the Women's
League and to sing at an assembly.
Membership in the club has been
limited to thirty, but a few vacancies
will be filled by means of try-outs
early in the semester.
Miss Winona Hassett, '14, was re
cently chosen by the members of the
Schubert Club, to act as its president
during the coming semester, which
promises to be a very active one for
the club. The other officers chosen
are Miss E. McCord, '15, business
manager; Miss V. Connell, '17, secre
tary, and Miss M. Gray, librarian.
Under the able direction of L. H.
Eaton, university organist, Schubert
Club is planning to take entire charge
of the music for the Exposition to be
given by Cap and Gown, to render a
musical at a meeting of the Women's
League and to sing at an assembly.
Membership in the club has been
limited to thirty, but a few vacancies
will be filled by means of try-outs
early in the semester.
Miss Winona Hassett, '14, was re
cently chosen by the members of the
Schubert Club, to act as its president
during the coming semester, which
promises to be a very active one for
the club. The other officers chosen
are Miss E. McCord, '15, business
manager; Miss V. Connell, '17, secre
tary, and Miss M. Gray, librarian.
Under the able direction of L. H.
Eaton, university organist, Schubert
Club is planning to take entire charge
of the music for the Exposition to be
given by Cap and Gown, to render a
musical at a meeting of the Women's
League and to sing at an assembly.
Membership in the club has been
limited to thirty, but a few vacancies
will be filled by means of try-outs
early in the semester.
Miss Winona Hassett, '14, was re
cently chosen by the members of the
Schubert Club, to act as its president
during the coming semester, which
promises to be a very active one for
the club. The other officers chosen
are Miss E. McCord, '15, business
manager; Miss V. Connell, '17, secre
tary, and Miss M. Gray, librarian.
Under the able direction of L. H.
Eaton, university organist, Schubert
Club is planning to take entire charge
of the music for the Exposition to be
given by Cap and Gown, to render a
musical at a meeting of the Women's
League and to sing at an assembly.
Membership in the club has been
limited to thirty, but a few vacancies
will be filled by means of try-outs
early in the semester.
Miss Winona Hassett, '14, was re
cently chosen by the members of the
Schubert Club, to act as its president
during the coming semester, which
promises to be a very active one for
the club. The other officers chosen
are Miss E. McCord, '15, business
manager; Miss V. Connell, '17, secre
tary, and Miss M. Gray, librarian.
Under the able direction of L. H.
Eaton, university organist, Schubert
Club is planning to take entire charge
of the music for the Exposition to be
given by Cap and Gown, to render a
musical at a meeting of the Women's
League and to sing at an assembly.
Membership in the club has been
limited to thirty, but a few vacancies
will be filled by means of try-outs
early in the semester.
Miss Winona Hassett, '14, was re
cently chosen by the members of the
Schubert Club, to act as its president
during the coming semester, which
promises to be a very active one for
the club. The other officers chosen
are Miss E. McCord, '15, business
manager; Miss V. Connell, '17, secre
tary, and Miss M. Gray, librarian.
Under the able direction of L. H.
Eaton, university organist, Schubert
Club is planning to take entire charge
of the music for the Exposition to be
given by Cap and Gown, to render a
musical at a meeting of the Women's
League and to sing at an assembly.
Membership in the club has been
limited to thirty, but a few vacancies
will be filled by means of try-outs
early in the semester.
Miss Winona Hassett, '14, was re
cently chosen by the members of the
Schubert Club, to act as its president
during the coming semester, which
promises to be a very active one for
the club. The other officers chosen
are Miss E. McCord, '15, business
manager; Miss V. Connell, '17, secre
tary, and Miss M. Gray, librarian.
Under the able direction of L. H.
Eaton, university organist, Schubert
Club is planning to take entire charge
of the music for the Exposition to be
given by Cap and Gown, to render a
musical at a meeting of the Women's
League and to sing at an assembly.
Membership in the club has been
limited to thirty, but a few vacancies
will be filled by means of try-outs
early in the semester.
Miss Winona Hassett, '14, was re
cently chosen by the members of the
Schubert Club, to act as its president
during the coming semester, which
promises to be a very active one for
the club. The other officers chosen
are Miss E. McCord, '15, business
manager; Miss V. Connell, '17, secre
tary, and Miss M. Gray, librarian.
Under the able direction of L. H.
Eaton, university organist, Schubert
Club is planning to take entire charge
of the music for the Exposition to be
given by Cap and Gown, to render a
musical at a meeting of the Women's
League and to sing at an assembly.
Membership in the club has been
limited to thirty, but a few vacancies
will be filled by means of try-outs
early in the semester.
Miss Winona Hassett, '14, was re
cently chosen by the members of the
Schubert Club, to act as its president
during the coming semester, which
promises to be a very active one for
the club. The other officers chosen
are Miss E. McCord, '15, business
manager; Miss V. Connell, '17, secre
tary, and Miss M. Gray, librarian.
Under the able direction of L. H.
Eaton, university organist, Schubert
Club is planning to take entire charge
of the music for the Exposition to be
given by Cap and Gown, to render a
musical at a meeting of the Women's
League and to sing at an assembly.
Membership in the club has been
limited to thirty, but a few vacancies
will be filled by means of try-outs
early in the semester.
Miss Winona Hassett, '14, was re
cently chosen by the members of the
Schubert Club, to act as its president
during the coming semester, which
promises to be a very active one for
the club. The other officers chosen
are Miss E. McCord, '15, business
manager; Miss V. Connell, '17, secre
tary, and Miss M. Gray, librarian.
Under the able direction of L. H.
Eaton, university organist, Schubert
Club is planning to take entire charge
of the music for the Exposition to be
given by Cap and Gown, to render a
musical at a meeting of the Women's
League and to sing at an assembly.
Membership in the club has been
limited to thirty, but a few vacancies
will be filled by means of try-outs
early in the semester.
Miss Winona Hassett, '14, was re
cently chosen by the members of the
Schubert Club, to act as its president
during the coming semester, which
promises to be a very active one for
the club. The other officers chosen
are Miss E. McCord, '15, business
manager; Miss V. Connell, '17, secre
tary, and Miss M. Gray, librarian.
Under the able direction of L. H.
Eaton, university organist, Schubert
Club is planning to take entire charge
of the music for the Exposition to be
given by Cap and Gown, to render a
musical at a meeting of the Women's
League and to sing at an assembly.
Membership in the club has been
limited to thirty, but a few vacancies
will be filled by means of try-outs
early in the semester.
Miss Winona Hassett, '14, was re
cently chosen by the members of the
Schubert Club, to act as its president
during the coming semester, which
promises to be a very active one for
the club. The other officers chosen
are Miss E. McCord, '15, business
manager; Miss V. Connell, '17, secre
tary, and Miss M. Gray, librarian.
Under the able direction of L. H.
Eaton, university organist, Schubert
Club is planning to take entire charge
of the music for the Exposition to be
given by Cap and Gown, to render a
musical at a meeting of the Women's
League and to sing at an assembly.
Membership in the club has been
limited to thirty, but a few vacancies
will be filled by means of try-outs
early in the semester.
Miss Winona Hassett, '14, was re
cently chosen by the members of the
Schubert Club, to act as its president
during the coming semester, which
promises to be a very active one for
the club. The other officers chosen
are Miss E. McCord, '15, business
manager; Miss V. Connell, '17, secre
tary, and Miss M. Gray, librarian.
Under the able direction of L. H.
Eaton, university organist, Schubert
Club is planning to take entire charge
of the music for the Exposition to be
given by Cap and Gown, to render a
musical at a meeting of the Women's
League and to sing at an assembly.
Membership in the club has been
limited to thirty, but a few vacancies
will be filled by means of try-outs
early in the semester.
Miss Winona Hassett, '14, was re
cently chosen by the members of the
Schubert Club, to act as its president
during the coming semester, which
promises to be a very active one for
the club. The other officers chosen
are Miss E. McCord, '15, business
manager; Miss V. Connell, '17, secre
tary, and Miss M. Gray, librarian.
Under the able direction of L. H.
Eaton, university organist, Schubert
Club is planning to take entire charge
of the music for the Exposition to be
given by Cap and Gown, to render a
musical at a meeting of the Women's
League and to sing at an assembly.
Membership in the club has been
limited to thirty, but a few vacancies
will be filled by means of try-outs
early in the semester.
