# INSIDE
## 
### 
Genesis
A new season begins for
both men's and women's
basketball this weekend.
See Sports, page 11

Exodus
Thousands emigrate from
East Germany after the Ber
lin Wall is opened.
See World & Nation, page 3

Revelations
Haresh Shah offers his
prediction on when 'the big
one' is due.
See Features, page 7

Genesis
A new season begins for
both men's and women's
basketball this weekend.
See Sports, page 11

Exodus
Thousands emigrate from
East Germany after the Ber
lin Wall is opened.
See World & Nation, page 3

Revelations
Haresh Shah offers his
prediction on when 'the big
one' is due.
See Features, page 7

Genesis
A new season begins for
both men's and women's
basketball this weekend.
See Sports, page 11

Exodus
Thousands emigrate from
East Germany after the Ber
lin Wall is opened.
See World & Nation, page 3

Revelations
Haresh Shah offers his
prediction on when 'the big
one' is due.
See Features, page 7

Genesis
A new season begins for
both men's and women's
basketball this weekend.
See Sports, page 11

Exodus
Thousands emigrate from
East Germany after the Ber
lin Wall is opened.
See World & Nation, page 3

Revelations
Haresh Shah offers his
prediction on when 'the big
one' is due.
See Features, page 7

Genesis
A new season begins for
both men's and women's
basketball this weekend.
See Sports, page 11

Exodus
Thousands emigrate from
East Germany after the Ber
lin Wall is opened.
See World & Nation, page 3

Revelations
Haresh Shah offers his
prediction on when 'the big
one' is due.
See Features, page 7

Genesis
A new season begins for
both men's and women's
basketball this weekend.
See Sports, page 11

Exodus
Thousands emigrate from
East Germany after the Ber
lin Wall is opened.
See World & Nation, page 3

Revelations
Haresh Shah offers his
prediction on when 'the big
one' is due.
See Features, page 7

Genesis
A new season begins for
both men's and women's
basketball this weekend.
See Sports, page 11

Exodus
Thousands emigrate from
East Germany after the Ber
lin Wall is opened.
See World & Nation, page 3

Revelations
Haresh Shah offers his
prediction on when 'the big
one' is due.
See Features, page 7

Genesis
A new season begins for
both men's and women's
basketball this weekend.
See Sports, page 11

Exodus
Thousands emigrate from
East Germany after the Ber
lin Wall is opened.
See World & Nation, page 3

Revelations
Haresh Shah offers his
prediction on when 'the big
one' is due.
See Features, page 7

