# Wedge Revived?
## 
### 
Reports that Stanford will re
vive the flying wedge in a last ,
ditch attempt at dumping the j
Bears have been neither con- j
firmed nor denied by Card Coach
Jack Curtice.
Curtice said that the team is
working on some surprise stuff
for Cal but that no one would
learn anything about it until the
day of Big Game.
Reports that Stanford will re
vive the flying wedge in a last ,
ditch attempt at dumping the j
Bears have been neither con- j
firmed nor denied by Card Coach
Jack Curtice.
Curtice said that the team is
working on some surprise stuff
for Cal but that no one would
learn anything about it until the
day of Big Game.
Reports that Stanford will re
vive the flying wedge in a last ,
ditch attempt at dumping the j
Bears have been neither con- j
firmed nor denied by Card Coach
Jack Curtice.
Curtice said that the team is
working on some surprise stuff
for Cal but that no one would
learn anything about it until the
day of Big Game.
Reports that Stanford will re
vive the flying wedge in a last ,
ditch attempt at dumping the j
Bears have been neither con- j
firmed nor denied by Card Coach
Jack Curtice.
Curtice said that the team is
working on some surprise stuff
for Cal but that no one would
learn anything about it until the
day of Big Game.
Reports that Stanford will re
vive the flying wedge in a last ,
ditch attempt at dumping the j
Bears have been neither con- j
firmed nor denied by Card Coach
Jack Curtice.
Curtice said that the team is
working on some surprise stuff
for Cal but that no one would
learn anything about it until the
day of Big Game.
Reports that Stanford will re
vive the flying wedge in a last ,
ditch attempt at dumping the j
Bears have been neither con- j
firmed nor denied by Card Coach
Jack Curtice.
Curtice said that the team is
working on some surprise stuff
for Cal but that no one would
learn anything about it until the
day of Big Game.
Reports that Stanford will re
vive the flying wedge in a last ,
ditch attempt at dumping the j
Bears have been neither con- j
firmed nor denied by Card Coach
Jack Curtice.
Curtice said that the team is
working on some surprise stuff
for Cal but that no one would
learn anything about it until the
day of Big Game.
Reports that Stanford will re
vive the flying wedge in a last ,
ditch attempt at dumping the j
Bears have been neither con- j
firmed nor denied by Card Coach
Jack Curtice.
Curtice said that the team is
working on some surprise stuff
for Cal but that no one would
learn anything about it until the
day of Big Game.
Reports that Stanford will re
vive the flying wedge in a last ,
ditch attempt at dumping the j
Bears have been neither con- j
firmed nor denied by Card Coach
Jack Curtice.
Curtice said that the team is
working on some surprise stuff
for Cal but that no one would
learn anything about it until the
day of Big Game.
Reports that Stanford will re
vive the flying wedge in a last ,
ditch attempt at dumping the j
Bears have been neither con- j
firmed nor denied by Card Coach
Jack Curtice.
Curtice said that the team is
working on some surprise stuff
for Cal but that no one would
learn anything about it until the
day of Big Game.
Reports that Stanford will re
vive the flying wedge in a last ,
ditch attempt at dumping the j
Bears have been neither con- j
firmed nor denied by Card Coach
Jack Curtice.
Curtice said that the team is
working on some surprise stuff
for Cal but that no one would
learn anything about it until the
day of Big Game.
Reports that Stanford will re
vive the flying wedge in a last ,
ditch attempt at dumping the j
Bears have been neither con- j
firmed nor denied by Card Coach
Jack Curtice.
Curtice said that the team is
working on some surprise stuff
for Cal but that no one would
learn anything about it until the
day of Big Game.
Reports that Stanford will re
vive the flying wedge in a last ,
ditch attempt at dumping the j
Bears have been neither con- j
firmed nor denied by Card Coach
Jack Curtice.
Curtice said that the team is
working on some surprise stuff
for Cal but that no one would
learn anything about it until the
day of Big Game.
Reports that Stanford will re
vive the flying wedge in a last ,
ditch attempt at dumping the j
Bears have been neither con- j
firmed nor denied by Card Coach
Jack Curtice.
Curtice said that the team is
working on some surprise stuff
for Cal but that no one would
learn anything about it until the
day of Big Game.
Reports that Stanford will re
vive the flying wedge in a last ,
ditch attempt at dumping the j
Bears have been neither con- j
firmed nor denied by Card Coach
Jack Curtice.
Curtice said that the team is
working on some surprise stuff
for Cal but that no one would
learn anything about it until the
day of Big Game.
Reports that Stanford will re
vive the flying wedge in a last ,
ditch attempt at dumping the j
Bears have been neither con- j
firmed nor denied by Card Coach
Jack Curtice.
Curtice said that the team is
working on some surprise stuff
for Cal but that no one would
learn anything about it until the
day of Big Game.
Reports that Stanford will re
vive the flying wedge in a last ,
ditch attempt at dumping the j
Bears have been neither con- j
firmed nor denied by Card Coach
Jack Curtice.
Curtice said that the team is
working on some surprise stuff
for Cal but that no one would
learn anything about it until the
day of Big Game.
Reports that Stanford will re
vive the flying wedge in a last ,
ditch attempt at dumping the j
Bears have been neither con- j
firmed nor denied by Card Coach
Jack Curtice.
Curtice said that the team is
working on some surprise stuff
for Cal but that no one would
learn anything about it until the
day of Big Game.
