# READING COURSE
## 
### 
A new two-unit education course,
Reading Development, designed to
help University students meet the
intensified demands of wartime pro
grams of study has been instituted.
The study characteristics and inter-

I est fields of each student will be
: analyzed by means of standardized
tests and individual guidance pro
cedure. Current textbooks and perti
nent materials will be used to im
prove ability in specific fields
A new two-unit education course,
Reading Development, designed to
help University students meet the
intensified demands of wartime pro
grams of study has been instituted.
The study characteristics and inter-

I est fields of each student will be
: analyzed by means of standardized
tests and individual guidance pro
cedure. Current textbooks and perti
nent materials will be used to im
prove ability in specific fields
A new two-unit education course,
Reading Development, designed to
help University students meet the
intensified demands of wartime pro
grams of study has been instituted.
The study characteristics and inter-

I est fields of each student will be
: analyzed by means of standardized
tests and individual guidance pro
cedure. Current textbooks and perti
nent materials will be used to im
prove ability in specific fields
A new two-unit education course,
Reading Development, designed to
help University students meet the
intensified demands of wartime pro
grams of study has been instituted.
The study characteristics and inter-

I est fields of each student will be
: analyzed by means of standardized
tests and individual guidance pro
cedure. Current textbooks and perti
nent materials will be used to im
prove ability in specific fields
A new two-unit education course,
Reading Development, designed to
help University students meet the
intensified demands of wartime pro
grams of study has been instituted.
The study characteristics and inter-

I est fields of each student will be
: analyzed by means of standardized
tests and individual guidance pro
cedure. Current textbooks and perti
nent materials will be used to im
prove ability in specific fields
A new two-unit education course,
Reading Development, designed to
help University students meet the
intensified demands of wartime pro
grams of study has been instituted.
The study characteristics and inter-

I est fields of each student will be
: analyzed by means of standardized
tests and individual guidance pro
cedure. Current textbooks and perti
nent materials will be used to im
prove ability in specific fields
A new two-unit education course,
Reading Development, designed to
help University students meet the
intensified demands of wartime pro
grams of study has been instituted.
The study characteristics and inter-

I est fields of each student will be
: analyzed by means of standardized
tests and individual guidance pro
cedure. Current textbooks and perti
nent materials will be used to im
prove ability in specific fields
A new two-unit education course,
Reading Development, designed to
help University students meet the
intensified demands of wartime pro
grams of study has been instituted.
The study characteristics and inter-

I est fields of each student will be
: analyzed by means of standardized
tests and individual guidance pro
cedure. Current textbooks and perti
nent materials will be used to im
prove ability in specific fields
A new two-unit education course,
Reading Development, designed to
help University students meet the
intensified demands of wartime pro
grams of study has been instituted.
The study characteristics and inter-

I est fields of each student will be
: analyzed by means of standardized
tests and individual guidance pro
cedure. Current textbooks and perti
nent materials will be used to im
prove ability in specific fields
A new two-unit education course,
Reading Development, designed to
help University students meet the
intensified demands of wartime pro
grams of study has been instituted.
The study characteristics and inter-

I est fields of each student will be
: analyzed by means of standardized
tests and individual guidance pro
cedure. Current textbooks and perti
nent materials will be used to im
prove ability in specific fields
A new two-unit education course,
Reading Development, designed to
help University students meet the
intensified demands of wartime pro
grams of study has been instituted.
The study characteristics and inter-

I est fields of each student will be
: analyzed by means of standardized
tests and individual guidance pro
cedure. Current textbooks and perti
nent materials will be used to im
prove ability in specific fields
A new two-unit education course,
Reading Development, designed to
help University students meet the
intensified demands of wartime pro
grams of study has been instituted.
The study characteristics and inter-

I est fields of each student will be
: analyzed by means of standardized
tests and individual guidance pro
cedure. Current textbooks and perti
nent materials will be used to im
prove ability in specific fields
A new two-unit education course,
Reading Development, designed to
help University students meet the
intensified demands of wartime pro
grams of study has been instituted.
The study characteristics and inter-

I est fields of each student will be
: analyzed by means of standardized
tests and individual guidance pro
cedure. Current textbooks and perti
nent materials will be used to im
prove ability in specific fields
A new two-unit education course,
Reading Development, designed to
help University students meet the
intensified demands of wartime pro
grams of study has been instituted.
The study characteristics and inter-

I est fields of each student will be
: analyzed by means of standardized
tests and individual guidance pro
cedure. Current textbooks and perti
nent materials will be used to im
prove ability in specific fields
A new two-unit education course,
Reading Development, designed to
help University students meet the
intensified demands of wartime pro
grams of study has been instituted.
The study characteristics and inter-

I est fields of each student will be
: analyzed by means of standardized
tests and individual guidance pro
cedure. Current textbooks and perti
nent materials will be used to im
prove ability in specific fields
A new two-unit education course,
Reading Development, designed to
help University students meet the
intensified demands of wartime pro
grams of study has been instituted.
The study characteristics and inter-

I est fields of each student will be
: analyzed by means of standardized
tests and individual guidance pro
cedure. Current textbooks and perti
nent materials will be used to im
prove ability in specific fields
