# Untitled Article
## 
### 
More tons of freight of all kinds
moved by rail originate in Pennsyl- !
vania than in any other state, with
West Virginia second and Illinois j
third.
More tons of freight of all kinds
moved by rail originate in Pennsyl- !
vania than in any other state, with
West Virginia second and Illinois j
third.
More tons of freight of all kinds
moved by rail originate in Pennsyl- !
vania than in any other state, with
West Virginia second and Illinois j
third.
More tons of freight of all kinds
moved by rail originate in Pennsyl- !
vania than in any other state, with
West Virginia second and Illinois j
third.
More tons of freight of all kinds
moved by rail originate in Pennsyl- !
vania than in any other state, with
West Virginia second and Illinois j
third.
More tons of freight of all kinds
moved by rail originate in Pennsyl- !
vania than in any other state, with
West Virginia second and Illinois j
third.
More tons of freight of all kinds
moved by rail originate in Pennsyl- !
vania than in any other state, with
West Virginia second and Illinois j
third.
More tons of freight of all kinds
moved by rail originate in Pennsyl- !
vania than in any other state, with
West Virginia second and Illinois j
third.
More tons of freight of all kinds
moved by rail originate in Pennsyl- !
vania than in any other state, with
West Virginia second and Illinois j
third.
More tons of freight of all kinds
moved by rail originate in Pennsyl- !
vania than in any other state, with
West Virginia second and Illinois j
third.
More tons of freight of all kinds
moved by rail originate in Pennsyl- !
vania than in any other state, with
West Virginia second and Illinois j
third.
More tons of freight of all kinds
moved by rail originate in Pennsyl- !
vania than in any other state, with
West Virginia second and Illinois j
third.
More tons of freight of all kinds
moved by rail originate in Pennsyl- !
vania than in any other state, with
West Virginia second and Illinois j
third.
More tons of freight of all kinds
moved by rail originate in Pennsyl- !
vania than in any other state, with
West Virginia second and Illinois j
third.
More tons of freight of all kinds
moved by rail originate in Pennsyl- !
vania than in any other state, with
West Virginia second and Illinois j
third.
More tons of freight of all kinds
moved by rail originate in Pennsyl- !
vania than in any other state, with
West Virginia second and Illinois j
third.
