# WAR FRONTS
## Congress Reconvenes for Second Session 
### 
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.—The 78th
Congress opened its second session
today and awaited President Roose
velt's annual state of the union mes
sage scheduled for tomorrow before
tackling an accumulation of domestic
and foreign problems vibrant with
political implications.
The legislators began their election
year session armed with up-to-the
minute information gathered from
constitutents in a three-week Christ
mas holiday. When they have heard
the President, they will start trans
lating their home contacts into new
action.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.—The 78th
Congress opened its second session
today and awaited President Roose
velt's annual state of the union mes
sage scheduled for tomorrow before
tackling an accumulation of domestic
and foreign problems vibrant with
political implications.
The legislators began their election
year session armed with up-to-the
minute information gathered from
constitutents in a three-week Christ
mas holiday. When they have heard
the President, they will start trans
lating their home contacts into new
action.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.—The 78th
Congress opened its second session
today and awaited President Roose
velt's annual state of the union mes
sage scheduled for tomorrow before
tackling an accumulation of domestic
and foreign problems vibrant with
political implications.
The legislators began their election
year session armed with up-to-the
minute information gathered from
constitutents in a three-week Christ
mas holiday. When they have heard
the President, they will start trans
lating their home contacts into new
action.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.—The 78th
Congress opened its second session
today and awaited President Roose
velt's annual state of the union mes
sage scheduled for tomorrow before
tackling an accumulation of domestic
and foreign problems vibrant with
political implications.
The legislators began their election
year session armed with up-to-the
minute information gathered from
constitutents in a three-week Christ
mas holiday. When they have heard
the President, they will start trans
lating their home contacts into new
action.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.—The 78th
Congress opened its second session
today and awaited President Roose
velt's annual state of the union mes
sage scheduled for tomorrow before
tackling an accumulation of domestic
and foreign problems vibrant with
political implications.
The legislators began their election
year session armed with up-to-the
minute information gathered from
constitutents in a three-week Christ
mas holiday. When they have heard
the President, they will start trans
lating their home contacts into new
action.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.—The 78th
Congress opened its second session
today and awaited President Roose
velt's annual state of the union mes
sage scheduled for tomorrow before
tackling an accumulation of domestic
and foreign problems vibrant with
political implications.
The legislators began their election
year session armed with up-to-the
minute information gathered from
constitutents in a three-week Christ
mas holiday. When they have heard
the President, they will start trans
lating their home contacts into new
action.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.—The 78th
Congress opened its second session
today and awaited President Roose
velt's annual state of the union mes
sage scheduled for tomorrow before
tackling an accumulation of domestic
and foreign problems vibrant with
political implications.
The legislators began their election
year session armed with up-to-the
minute information gathered from
constitutents in a three-week Christ
mas holiday. When they have heard
the President, they will start trans
lating their home contacts into new
action.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.—The 78th
Congress opened its second session
today and awaited President Roose
velt's annual state of the union mes
sage scheduled for tomorrow before
tackling an accumulation of domestic
and foreign problems vibrant with
political implications.
The legislators began their election
year session armed with up-to-the
minute information gathered from
constitutents in a three-week Christ
mas holiday. When they have heard
the President, they will start trans
lating their home contacts into new
action.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.—The 78th
Congress opened its second session
today and awaited President Roose
velt's annual state of the union mes
sage scheduled for tomorrow before
tackling an accumulation of domestic
and foreign problems vibrant with
political implications.
The legislators began their election
year session armed with up-to-the
minute information gathered from
constitutents in a three-week Christ
mas holiday. When they have heard
the President, they will start trans
lating their home contacts into new
action.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.—The 78th
Congress opened its second session
today and awaited President Roose
velt's annual state of the union mes
sage scheduled for tomorrow before
tackling an accumulation of domestic
and foreign problems vibrant with
political implications.
The legislators began their election
year session armed with up-to-the
minute information gathered from
constitutents in a three-week Christ
mas holiday. When they have heard
the President, they will start trans
lating their home contacts into new
action.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.—The 78th
Congress opened its second session
today and awaited President Roose
velt's annual state of the union mes
sage scheduled for tomorrow before
tackling an accumulation of domestic
and foreign problems vibrant with
political implications.
The legislators began their election
year session armed with up-to-the
minute information gathered from
constitutents in a three-week Christ
mas holiday. When they have heard
the President, they will start trans
lating their home contacts into new
action.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.—The 78th
Congress opened its second session
today and awaited President Roose
velt's annual state of the union mes
sage scheduled for tomorrow before
tackling an accumulation of domestic
and foreign problems vibrant with
political implications.
The legislators began their election
year session armed with up-to-the
minute information gathered from
constitutents in a three-week Christ
mas holiday. When they have heard
the President, they will start trans
lating their home contacts into new
action.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.—The 78th
Congress opened its second session
today and awaited President Roose
velt's annual state of the union mes
sage scheduled for tomorrow before
tackling an accumulation of domestic
and foreign problems vibrant with
political implications.
The legislators began their election
year session armed with up-to-the
minute information gathered from
constitutents in a three-week Christ
mas holiday. When they have heard
the President, they will start trans
lating their home contacts into new
action.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.—The 78th
Congress opened its second session
today and awaited President Roose
velt's annual state of the union mes
sage scheduled for tomorrow before
tackling an accumulation of domestic
and foreign problems vibrant with
political implications.
The legislators began their election
year session armed with up-to-the
minute information gathered from
constitutents in a three-week Christ
mas holiday. When they have heard
the President, they will start trans
lating their home contacts into new
action.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.—The 78th
Congress opened its second session
today and awaited President Roose
velt's annual state of the union mes
sage scheduled for tomorrow before
tackling an accumulation of domestic
and foreign problems vibrant with
political implications.
The legislators began their election
year session armed with up-to-the
minute information gathered from
constitutents in a three-week Christ
mas holiday. When they have heard
the President, they will start trans
lating their home contacts into new
action.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.—The 78th
Congress opened its second session
today and awaited President Roose
velt's annual state of the union mes
sage scheduled for tomorrow before
tackling an accumulation of domestic
and foreign problems vibrant with
political implications.
The legislators began their election
year session armed with up-to-the
minute information gathered from
constitutents in a three-week Christ
mas holiday. When they have heard
the President, they will start trans
lating their home contacts into new
action.
