# Magazines in the Library.
## 
### 
There are in the library bound sets of
the following magazines: Atlantic
Monthly, Review of Reviews, Rlnek
wood's Magazine, Cornhill Magazine,
Scribner's Monthly, Century Magazine,
Nineteenth Century, Harper's Maga
zine, Edinburgh Review, Overland
Monthly, Revue des deux Mondes,
Intel's Living Age, Nation, Sequoia,
and the I'All.Y I'alo Alto.
There are in the library bound sets of
the following magazines: Atlantic
Monthly, Review of Reviews, Rlnek
wood's Magazine, Cornhill Magazine,
Scribner's Monthly, Century Magazine,
Nineteenth Century, Harper's Maga
zine, Edinburgh Review, Overland
Monthly, Revue des deux Mondes,
Intel's Living Age, Nation, Sequoia,
and the I'All.Y I'alo Alto.
