# Chinese Students May Now Get Aid
## 
### 
Chinese students who wish to ap
ply for United States financial aid
should see Wi'.lard M. Waterous,
foreign student counselor, in Tem
porary Building B, Room 22, within
the next few days.
Applications are due for this aid,
given by the State Department, de
sired during summer quarter or the
academic year 1950-51. This applies
to students who have not previous
ly applied for such aid, as well as
those presently receiving benefits.
Chinese students who wish to ap
ply for United States financial aid
should see Wi'.lard M. Waterous,
foreign student counselor, in Tem
porary Building B, Room 22, within
the next few days.
Applications are due for this aid,
given by the State Department, de
sired during summer quarter or the
academic year 1950-51. This applies
to students who have not previous
ly applied for such aid, as well as
those presently receiving benefits.
Chinese students who wish to ap
ply for United States financial aid
should see Wi'.lard M. Waterous,
foreign student counselor, in Tem
porary Building B, Room 22, within
the next few days.
Applications are due for this aid,
given by the State Department, de
sired during summer quarter or the
academic year 1950-51. This applies
to students who have not previous
ly applied for such aid, as well as
those presently receiving benefits.
Chinese students who wish to ap
ply for United States financial aid
should see Wi'.lard M. Waterous,
foreign student counselor, in Tem
porary Building B, Room 22, within
the next few days.
Applications are due for this aid,
given by the State Department, de
sired during summer quarter or the
academic year 1950-51. This applies
to students who have not previous
ly applied for such aid, as well as
those presently receiving benefits.
Chinese students who wish to ap
ply for United States financial aid
should see Wi'.lard M. Waterous,
foreign student counselor, in Tem
porary Building B, Room 22, within
the next few days.
Applications are due for this aid,
given by the State Department, de
sired during summer quarter or the
academic year 1950-51. This applies
to students who have not previous
ly applied for such aid, as well as
those presently receiving benefits.
Chinese students who wish to ap
ply for United States financial aid
should see Wi'.lard M. Waterous,
foreign student counselor, in Tem
porary Building B, Room 22, within
the next few days.
Applications are due for this aid,
given by the State Department, de
sired during summer quarter or the
academic year 1950-51. This applies
to students who have not previous
ly applied for such aid, as well as
those presently receiving benefits.
Chinese students who wish to ap
ply for United States financial aid
should see Wi'.lard M. Waterous,
foreign student counselor, in Tem
porary Building B, Room 22, within
the next few days.
Applications are due for this aid,
given by the State Department, de
sired during summer quarter or the
academic year 1950-51. This applies
to students who have not previous
ly applied for such aid, as well as
those presently receiving benefits.
Chinese students who wish to ap
ply for United States financial aid
should see Wi'.lard M. Waterous,
foreign student counselor, in Tem
porary Building B, Room 22, within
the next few days.
Applications are due for this aid,
given by the State Department, de
sired during summer quarter or the
academic year 1950-51. This applies
to students who have not previous
ly applied for such aid, as well as
those presently receiving benefits.
Chinese students who wish to ap
ply for United States financial aid
should see Wi'.lard M. Waterous,
foreign student counselor, in Tem
porary Building B, Room 22, within
the next few days.
Applications are due for this aid,
given by the State Department, de
sired during summer quarter or the
academic year 1950-51. This applies
to students who have not previous
ly applied for such aid, as well as
those presently receiving benefits.
Chinese students who wish to ap
ply for United States financial aid
should see Wi'.lard M. Waterous,
foreign student counselor, in Tem
porary Building B, Room 22, within
the next few days.
Applications are due for this aid,
given by the State Department, de
sired during summer quarter or the
academic year 1950-51. This applies
to students who have not previous
ly applied for such aid, as well as
those presently receiving benefits.
Chinese students who wish to ap
ply for United States financial aid
should see Wi'.lard M. Waterous,
foreign student counselor, in Tem
porary Building B, Room 22, within
the next few days.
Applications are due for this aid,
given by the State Department, de
sired during summer quarter or the
academic year 1950-51. This applies
to students who have not previous
ly applied for such aid, as well as
those presently receiving benefits.
Chinese students who wish to ap
ply for United States financial aid
should see Wi'.lard M. Waterous,
foreign student counselor, in Tem
porary Building B, Room 22, within
the next few days.
Applications are due for this aid,
given by the State Department, de
sired during summer quarter or the
academic year 1950-51. This applies
to students who have not previous
ly applied for such aid, as well as
those presently receiving benefits.
Chinese students who wish to ap
ply for United States financial aid
should see Wi'.lard M. Waterous,
foreign student counselor, in Tem
porary Building B, Room 22, within
the next few days.
Applications are due for this aid,
given by the State Department, de
sired during summer quarter or the
academic year 1950-51. This applies
to students who have not previous
ly applied for such aid, as well as
those presently receiving benefits.
Chinese students who wish to ap
ply for United States financial aid
should see Wi'.lard M. Waterous,
foreign student counselor, in Tem
porary Building B, Room 22, within
the next few days.
Applications are due for this aid,
given by the State Department, de
sired during summer quarter or the
academic year 1950-51. This applies
to students who have not previous
ly applied for such aid, as well as
those presently receiving benefits.
