# SENIOR GIFT
## 
### 
Plans for the senior class «ift are
now under way and any suggestions
should he given to Bob Armstrong,
Kappa Alpha.
Plans for the senior class «ift are
now under way and any suggestions
should he given to Bob Armstrong,
Kappa Alpha.
Plans for the senior class «ift are
now under way and any suggestions
should he given to Bob Armstrong,
Kappa Alpha.
Plans for the senior class «ift are
now under way and any suggestions
should he given to Bob Armstrong,
Kappa Alpha.
Plans for the senior class «ift are
now under way and any suggestions
should he given to Bob Armstrong,
Kappa Alpha.
Plans for the senior class «ift are
now under way and any suggestions
should he given to Bob Armstrong,
Kappa Alpha.
Plans for the senior class «ift are
now under way and any suggestions
should he given to Bob Armstrong,
Kappa Alpha.
Plans for the senior class «ift are
now under way and any suggestions
should he given to Bob Armstrong,
Kappa Alpha.
Plans for the senior class «ift are
now under way and any suggestions
should he given to Bob Armstrong,
Kappa Alpha.
Plans for the senior class «ift are
now under way and any suggestions
should he given to Bob Armstrong,
Kappa Alpha.
Plans for the senior class «ift are
now under way and any suggestions
should he given to Bob Armstrong,
Kappa Alpha.
Plans for the senior class «ift are
now under way and any suggestions
should he given to Bob Armstrong,
Kappa Alpha.
Plans for the senior class «ift are
now under way and any suggestions
should he given to Bob Armstrong,
Kappa Alpha.
Plans for the senior class «ift are
now under way and any suggestions
should he given to Bob Armstrong,
Kappa Alpha.
