# Simla Cruz High Youth Wins IIR Scholarship
## 
### 
Hadley RofT, 18-year r old Sant;
Cruz High School senior, has beer
selected as the first winner of ;
Stanford scholarship sponsored bj
the Institute of International Rela
tions.
RofT was one of more than lOf
delegates who attended the North
ern California High School Confer
ence on UNESCO at Stanford lasi
December. In winning the scholar
ship he was judged the outstanding
student at the conference held an
nually by the lIR.
Hadley RofT, 18-year r old Sant;
Cruz High School senior, has beer
selected as the first winner of ;
Stanford scholarship sponsored bj
the Institute of International Rela
tions.
RofT was one of more than lOf
delegates who attended the North
ern California High School Confer
ence on UNESCO at Stanford lasi
December. In winning the scholar
ship he was judged the outstanding
student at the conference held an
nually by the lIR.
Hadley RofT, 18-year r old Sant;
Cruz High School senior, has beer
selected as the first winner of ;
Stanford scholarship sponsored bj
the Institute of International Rela
tions.
RofT was one of more than lOf
delegates who attended the North
ern California High School Confer
ence on UNESCO at Stanford lasi
December. In winning the scholar
ship he was judged the outstanding
student at the conference held an
nually by the lIR.
Hadley RofT, 18-year r old Sant;
Cruz High School senior, has beer
selected as the first winner of ;
Stanford scholarship sponsored bj
the Institute of International Rela
tions.
RofT was one of more than lOf
delegates who attended the North
ern California High School Confer
ence on UNESCO at Stanford lasi
December. In winning the scholar
ship he was judged the outstanding
student at the conference held an
nually by the lIR.
Hadley RofT, 18-year r old Sant;
Cruz High School senior, has beer
selected as the first winner of ;
Stanford scholarship sponsored bj
the Institute of International Rela
tions.
RofT was one of more than lOf
delegates who attended the North
ern California High School Confer
ence on UNESCO at Stanford lasi
December. In winning the scholar
ship he was judged the outstanding
student at the conference held an
nually by the lIR.
Hadley RofT, 18-year r old Sant;
Cruz High School senior, has beer
selected as the first winner of ;
Stanford scholarship sponsored bj
the Institute of International Rela
tions.
RofT was one of more than lOf
delegates who attended the North
ern California High School Confer
ence on UNESCO at Stanford lasi
December. In winning the scholar
ship he was judged the outstanding
student at the conference held an
nually by the lIR.
Hadley RofT, 18-year r old Sant;
Cruz High School senior, has beer
selected as the first winner of ;
Stanford scholarship sponsored bj
the Institute of International Rela
tions.
RofT was one of more than lOf
delegates who attended the North
ern California High School Confer
ence on UNESCO at Stanford lasi
December. In winning the scholar
ship he was judged the outstanding
student at the conference held an
nually by the lIR.
Hadley RofT, 18-year r old Sant;
Cruz High School senior, has beer
selected as the first winner of ;
Stanford scholarship sponsored bj
the Institute of International Rela
tions.
RofT was one of more than lOf
delegates who attended the North
ern California High School Confer
ence on UNESCO at Stanford lasi
December. In winning the scholar
ship he was judged the outstanding
student at the conference held an
nually by the lIR.
Hadley RofT, 18-year r old Sant;
Cruz High School senior, has beer
selected as the first winner of ;
Stanford scholarship sponsored bj
the Institute of International Rela
tions.
RofT was one of more than lOf
delegates who attended the North
ern California High School Confer
ence on UNESCO at Stanford lasi
December. In winning the scholar
ship he was judged the outstanding
student at the conference held an
nually by the lIR.
Hadley RofT, 18-year r old Sant;
Cruz High School senior, has beer
selected as the first winner of ;
Stanford scholarship sponsored bj
the Institute of International Rela
tions.
RofT was one of more than lOf
delegates who attended the North
ern California High School Confer
ence on UNESCO at Stanford lasi
December. In winning the scholar
ship he was judged the outstanding
student at the conference held an
nually by the lIR.
Hadley RofT, 18-year r old Sant;
Cruz High School senior, has beer
selected as the first winner of ;
Stanford scholarship sponsored bj
the Institute of International Rela
tions.
RofT was one of more than lOf
delegates who attended the North
ern California High School Confer
ence on UNESCO at Stanford lasi
December. In winning the scholar
ship he was judged the outstanding
student at the conference held an
nually by the lIR.
Hadley RofT, 18-year r old Sant;
Cruz High School senior, has beer
selected as the first winner of ;
Stanford scholarship sponsored bj
the Institute of International Rela
tions.
RofT was one of more than lOf
delegates who attended the North
ern California High School Confer
ence on UNESCO at Stanford lasi
December. In winning the scholar
ship he was judged the outstanding
student at the conference held an
nually by the lIR.
Hadley RofT, 18-year r old Sant;
Cruz High School senior, has beer
selected as the first winner of ;
Stanford scholarship sponsored bj
the Institute of International Rela
tions.
RofT was one of more than lOf
delegates who attended the North
ern California High School Confer
ence on UNESCO at Stanford lasi
December. In winning the scholar
ship he was judged the outstanding
student at the conference held an
nually by the lIR.
Hadley RofT, 18-year r old Sant;
Cruz High School senior, has beer
selected as the first winner of ;
Stanford scholarship sponsored bj
the Institute of International Rela
tions.
RofT was one of more than lOf
delegates who attended the North
ern California High School Confer
ence on UNESCO at Stanford lasi
December. In winning the scholar
ship he was judged the outstanding
student at the conference held an
nually by the lIR.
