# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Now that the matter of giving a
sophomore cotillion has been finally
decided upon, every member of the
Class of '97 should feel duty bound
to do all in his power to make the
affair a success. On y a short time
remains to work up the cotillion, and
members of the class will facilitate
matters greatly bv promptly paying
the class assessment.
Now that the matter of giving a
sophomore cotillion has been finally
decided upon, every member of the
Class of '97 should feel duty bound
to do all in his power to make the
affair a success. On y a short time
remains to work up the cotillion, and
members of the class will facilitate
matters greatly bv promptly paying
the class assessment.
Now that the matter of giving a
sophomore cotillion has been finally
decided upon, every member of the
Class of '97 should feel duty bound
to do all in his power to make the
affair a success. On y a short time
remains to work up the cotillion, and
members of the class will facilitate
matters greatly bv promptly paying
the class assessment.
Now that the matter of giving a
sophomore cotillion has been finally
decided upon, every member of the
Class of '97 should feel duty bound
to do all in his power to make the
affair a success. On y a short time
remains to work up the cotillion, and
members of the class will facilitate
matters greatly bv promptly paying
the class assessment.
