# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
VISION
PRACTICALLY
the student's greatest asset
is vision—and vision begins
with good eyesight.
From experience, we have
found many students handi
capped in their work by eye
defects which might easily
be corrected.
E. A. COCHRAN
Dr. of Optometry
VISION
PRACTICALLY
the student's greatest asset
is vision—and vision begins
with good eyesight.
From experience, we have
found many students handi
capped in their work by eye
defects which might easily
be corrected.
E. A. COCHRAN
Dr. of Optometry
VISION
PRACTICALLY
the student's greatest asset
is vision—and vision begins
with good eyesight.
From experience, we have
found many students handi
capped in their work by eye
defects which might easily
be corrected.
E. A. COCHRAN
Dr. of Optometry
VISION
PRACTICALLY
the student's greatest asset
is vision—and vision begins
with good eyesight.
From experience, we have
found many students handi
capped in their work by eye
defects which might easily
be corrected.
E. A. COCHRAN
Dr. of Optometry
VISION
PRACTICALLY
the student's greatest asset
is vision—and vision begins
with good eyesight.
From experience, we have
found many students handi
capped in their work by eye
defects which might easily
be corrected.
E. A. COCHRAN
Dr. of Optometry
VISION
PRACTICALLY
the student's greatest asset
is vision—and vision begins
with good eyesight.
From experience, we have
found many students handi
capped in their work by eye
defects which might easily
be corrected.
E. A. COCHRAN
Dr. of Optometry
VISION
PRACTICALLY
the student's greatest asset
is vision—and vision begins
with good eyesight.
From experience, we have
found many students handi
capped in their work by eye
defects which might easily
be corrected.
E. A. COCHRAN
Dr. of Optometry
VISION
PRACTICALLY
the student's greatest asset
is vision—and vision begins
with good eyesight.
From experience, we have
found many students handi
capped in their work by eye
defects which might easily
be corrected.
E. A. COCHRAN
Dr. of Optometry
VISION
PRACTICALLY
the student's greatest asset
is vision—and vision begins
with good eyesight.
From experience, we have
found many students handi
capped in their work by eye
defects which might easily
be corrected.
E. A. COCHRAN
Dr. of Optometry
VISION
PRACTICALLY
the student's greatest asset
is vision—and vision begins
with good eyesight.
From experience, we have
found many students handi
capped in their work by eye
defects which might easily
be corrected.
E. A. COCHRAN
Dr. of Optometry
VISION
PRACTICALLY
the student's greatest asset
is vision—and vision begins
with good eyesight.
From experience, we have
found many students handi
capped in their work by eye
defects which might easily
be corrected.
E. A. COCHRAN
Dr. of Optometry
VISION
PRACTICALLY
the student's greatest asset
is vision—and vision begins
with good eyesight.
From experience, we have
found many students handi
capped in their work by eye
defects which might easily
be corrected.
E. A. COCHRAN
Dr. of Optometry
VISION
PRACTICALLY
the student's greatest asset
is vision—and vision begins
with good eyesight.
From experience, we have
found many students handi
capped in their work by eye
defects which might easily
be corrected.
E. A. COCHRAN
Dr. of Optometry
