# POLO PLAYERS BEGIN PRACTICING INSIDE
## 
### 
Inside polo started today. The riding
school of the military department has
been covered with shavings, and the
Stanford squad held its first practice
this afternoon under a roof. It is hoped
that it will not be necessary to stage
any of the matches of the fall tourna
ment inside.
Word has been sent from O. A. C.
that the polo team representing the cav
alry and field artillery units of the Cor
vallis R. O. T. C. will be able to come
to Stanford for a series of matches in
the latter part of May, probably as a
feature of the military tournament. They
will be unable to bring their own mounts,
and the strings of the Stanford players
will be apportioned by lot to the visitors.
In reply to a request for a match, Cali
fornia R. O. T. C. authorities stated
that they will be unable to start polo at
Berkeley until next fall, because of lack
of horses.
Inside polo started today. The riding
school of the military department has
been covered with shavings, and the
Stanford squad held its first practice
this afternoon under a roof. It is hoped
that it will not be necessary to stage
any of the matches of the fall tourna
ment inside.
Word has been sent from O. A. C.
that the polo team representing the cav
alry and field artillery units of the Cor
vallis R. O. T. C. will be able to come
to Stanford for a series of matches in
the latter part of May, probably as a
feature of the military tournament. They
will be unable to bring their own mounts,
and the strings of the Stanford players
will be apportioned by lot to the visitors.
In reply to a request for a match, Cali
fornia R. O. T. C. authorities stated
that they will be unable to start polo at
Berkeley until next fall, because of lack
of horses.
Inside polo started today. The riding
school of the military department has
been covered with shavings, and the
Stanford squad held its first practice
this afternoon under a roof. It is hoped
that it will not be necessary to stage
any of the matches of the fall tourna
ment inside.
Word has been sent from O. A. C.
that the polo team representing the cav
alry and field artillery units of the Cor
vallis R. O. T. C. will be able to come
to Stanford for a series of matches in
the latter part of May, probably as a
feature of the military tournament. They
will be unable to bring their own mounts,
and the strings of the Stanford players
will be apportioned by lot to the visitors.
In reply to a request for a match, Cali
fornia R. O. T. C. authorities stated
that they will be unable to start polo at
Berkeley until next fall, because of lack
of horses.
Inside polo started today. The riding
school of the military department has
been covered with shavings, and the
Stanford squad held its first practice
this afternoon under a roof. It is hoped
that it will not be necessary to stage
any of the matches of the fall tourna
ment inside.
Word has been sent from O. A. C.
that the polo team representing the cav
alry and field artillery units of the Cor
vallis R. O. T. C. will be able to come
to Stanford for a series of matches in
the latter part of May, probably as a
feature of the military tournament. They
will be unable to bring their own mounts,
and the strings of the Stanford players
will be apportioned by lot to the visitors.
In reply to a request for a match, Cali
fornia R. O. T. C. authorities stated
that they will be unable to start polo at
Berkeley until next fall, because of lack
of horses.
Inside polo started today. The riding
school of the military department has
been covered with shavings, and the
Stanford squad held its first practice
this afternoon under a roof. It is hoped
that it will not be necessary to stage
any of the matches of the fall tourna
ment inside.
Word has been sent from O. A. C.
that the polo team representing the cav
alry and field artillery units of the Cor
vallis R. O. T. C. will be able to come
to Stanford for a series of matches in
the latter part of May, probably as a
feature of the military tournament. They
will be unable to bring their own mounts,
and the strings of the Stanford players
will be apportioned by lot to the visitors.
In reply to a request for a match, Cali
fornia R. O. T. C. authorities stated
that they will be unable to start polo at
Berkeley until next fall, because of lack
of horses.
Inside polo started today. The riding
school of the military department has
been covered with shavings, and the
Stanford squad held its first practice
this afternoon under a roof. It is hoped
that it will not be necessary to stage
any of the matches of the fall tourna
ment inside.
Word has been sent from O. A. C.
that the polo team representing the cav
alry and field artillery units of the Cor
vallis R. O. T. C. will be able to come
to Stanford for a series of matches in
the latter part of May, probably as a
feature of the military tournament. They
will be unable to bring their own mounts,
and the strings of the Stanford players
will be apportioned by lot to the visitors.
In reply to a request for a match, Cali
fornia R. O. T. C. authorities stated
that they will be unable to start polo at
Berkeley until next fall, because of lack
of horses.
Inside polo started today. The riding
school of the military department has
been covered with shavings, and the
Stanford squad held its first practice
this afternoon under a roof. It is hoped
that it will not be necessary to stage
any of the matches of the fall tourna
ment inside.
Word has been sent from O. A. C.
that the polo team representing the cav
alry and field artillery units of the Cor
vallis R. O. T. C. will be able to come
to Stanford for a series of matches in
the latter part of May, probably as a
feature of the military tournament. They
will be unable to bring their own mounts,
and the strings of the Stanford players
will be apportioned by lot to the visitors.
In reply to a request for a match, Cali
fornia R. O. T. C. authorities stated
that they will be unable to start polo at
Berkeley until next fall, because of lack
of horses.
Inside polo started today. The riding
school of the military department has
been covered with shavings, and the
Stanford squad held its first practice
this afternoon under a roof. It is hoped
that it will not be necessary to stage
any of the matches of the fall tourna
ment inside.
Word has been sent from O. A. C.
that the polo team representing the cav
alry and field artillery units of the Cor
vallis R. O. T. C. will be able to come
to Stanford for a series of matches in
the latter part of May, probably as a
feature of the military tournament. They
will be unable to bring their own mounts,
and the strings of the Stanford players
will be apportioned by lot to the visitors.
In reply to a request for a match, Cali
fornia R. O. T. C. authorities stated
that they will be unable to start polo at
Berkeley until next fall, because of lack
of horses.
Inside polo started today. The riding
school of the military department has
been covered with shavings, and the
Stanford squad held its first practice
this afternoon under a roof. It is hoped
that it will not be necessary to stage
any of the matches of the fall tourna
ment inside.
Word has been sent from O. A. C.
that the polo team representing the cav
alry and field artillery units of the Cor
vallis R. O. T. C. will be able to come
to Stanford for a series of matches in
the latter part of May, probably as a
feature of the military tournament. They
will be unable to bring their own mounts,
and the strings of the Stanford players
will be apportioned by lot to the visitors.
In reply to a request for a match, Cali
fornia R. O. T. C. authorities stated
that they will be unable to start polo at
Berkeley until next fall, because of lack
of horses.
Inside polo started today. The riding
school of the military department has
been covered with shavings, and the
Stanford squad held its first practice
this afternoon under a roof. It is hoped
that it will not be necessary to stage
any of the matches of the fall tourna
ment inside.
Word has been sent from O. A. C.
that the polo team representing the cav
alry and field artillery units of the Cor
vallis R. O. T. C. will be able to come
to Stanford for a series of matches in
the latter part of May, probably as a
feature of the military tournament. They
will be unable to bring their own mounts,
and the strings of the Stanford players
will be apportioned by lot to the visitors.
In reply to a request for a match, Cali
fornia R. O. T. C. authorities stated
that they will be unable to start polo at
Berkeley until next fall, because of lack
of horses.
Inside polo started today. The riding
school of the military department has
been covered with shavings, and the
Stanford squad held its first practice
this afternoon under a roof. It is hoped
that it will not be necessary to stage
any of the matches of the fall tourna
ment inside.
Word has been sent from O. A. C.
that the polo team representing the cav
alry and field artillery units of the Cor
vallis R. O. T. C. will be able to come
to Stanford for a series of matches in
the latter part of May, probably as a
feature of the military tournament. They
will be unable to bring their own mounts,
and the strings of the Stanford players
will be apportioned by lot to the visitors.
In reply to a request for a match, Cali
fornia R. O. T. C. authorities stated
that they will be unable to start polo at
Berkeley until next fall, because of lack
of horses.
Inside polo started today. The riding
school of the military department has
been covered with shavings, and the
Stanford squad held its first practice
this afternoon under a roof. It is hoped
that it will not be necessary to stage
any of the matches of the fall tourna
ment inside.
Word has been sent from O. A. C.
that the polo team representing the cav
alry and field artillery units of the Cor
vallis R. O. T. C. will be able to come
to Stanford for a series of matches in
the latter part of May, probably as a
feature of the military tournament. They
will be unable to bring their own mounts,
and the strings of the Stanford players
will be apportioned by lot to the visitors.
In reply to a request for a match, Cali
fornia R. O. T. C. authorities stated
that they will be unable to start polo at
Berkeley until next fall, because of lack
of horses.
Inside polo started today. The riding
school of the military department has
been covered with shavings, and the
Stanford squad held its first practice
this afternoon under a roof. It is hoped
that it will not be necessary to stage
any of the matches of the fall tourna
ment inside.
Word has been sent from O. A. C.
that the polo team representing the cav
alry and field artillery units of the Cor
vallis R. O. T. C. will be able to come
to Stanford for a series of matches in
the latter part of May, probably as a
feature of the military tournament. They
will be unable to bring their own mounts,
and the strings of the Stanford players
will be apportioned by lot to the visitors.
In reply to a request for a match, Cali
fornia R. O. T. C. authorities stated
that they will be unable to start polo at
Berkeley until next fall, because of lack
of horses.
