# New War Training Classes Offered
## 
### 
Three tuition-free war training
classes will begin at Stanford be
tween now and May 1. They are:
"'Fundamentals of Industrial Ac
counting," "Psychology Applied to
Supervision of a War Production
Plant," and a course in special
theory and techniques of ultra-high
frequency in radio apparatus.
All three will be evening classes.
The accounting class will begin April
24 on the campus and April 28 in the
American Institute of Banking, San
Francisco; the psychology class will
start on April 26; and the radio
theory class will begin in mid-June
for persons who have taken the radio
course or have completed previous
lecture courses.
Further information may be ob
tained by calling the war training
office at Stanford.
