# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A member of Sword and Sandals
yesterday afternoon put up a num
ber of posters announcing the pro
duction of the "Two Gentlemen of Ve
rona," and returning over his route
a few hours later, found that most
of them had been stolen. Another
instance of an offense of the same
nature is found in the mutilation of
the last "Sequoia" poster by the re
moval of the drawing. The theft and
mutilation of posters is an extreme
ly petty practice without any ex
cuse whatever. Those desirous of se
curing these articles are always giv
en an opportunity to purchase them
for a trifling sum. Doubtless should
the persons who find it necessary to
pilfer the posters make their needs
known to the play managers, these
latter would gladly present them with
the coveted article rather than un
dergo the annoying inconvenience of
replacing them on the quad.
A member of Sword and Sandals
yesterday afternoon put up a num
ber of posters announcing the pro
duction of the "Two Gentlemen of Ve
rona," and returning over his route
a few hours later, found that most
of them had been stolen. Another
instance of an offense of the same
nature is found in the mutilation of
the last "Sequoia" poster by the re
moval of the drawing. The theft and
mutilation of posters is an extreme
ly petty practice without any ex
cuse whatever. Those desirous of se
curing these articles are always giv
en an opportunity to purchase them
for a trifling sum. Doubtless should
the persons who find it necessary to
pilfer the posters make their needs
known to the play managers, these
latter would gladly present them with
the coveted article rather than un
dergo the annoying inconvenience of
replacing them on the quad.
A member of Sword and Sandals
yesterday afternoon put up a num
ber of posters announcing the pro
duction of the "Two Gentlemen of Ve
rona," and returning over his route
a few hours later, found that most
of them had been stolen. Another
instance of an offense of the same
nature is found in the mutilation of
the last "Sequoia" poster by the re
moval of the drawing. The theft and
mutilation of posters is an extreme
ly petty practice without any ex
cuse whatever. Those desirous of se
curing these articles are always giv
en an opportunity to purchase them
for a trifling sum. Doubtless should
the persons who find it necessary to
pilfer the posters make their needs
known to the play managers, these
latter would gladly present them with
the coveted article rather than un
dergo the annoying inconvenience of
replacing them on the quad.
A member of Sword and Sandals
yesterday afternoon put up a num
ber of posters announcing the pro
duction of the "Two Gentlemen of Ve
rona," and returning over his route
a few hours later, found that most
of them had been stolen. Another
instance of an offense of the same
nature is found in the mutilation of
the last "Sequoia" poster by the re
moval of the drawing. The theft and
mutilation of posters is an extreme
ly petty practice without any ex
cuse whatever. Those desirous of se
curing these articles are always giv
en an opportunity to purchase them
for a trifling sum. Doubtless should
the persons who find it necessary to
pilfer the posters make their needs
known to the play managers, these
latter would gladly present them with
the coveted article rather than un
dergo the annoying inconvenience of
replacing them on the quad.
A member of Sword and Sandals
yesterday afternoon put up a num
ber of posters announcing the pro
duction of the "Two Gentlemen of Ve
rona," and returning over his route
a few hours later, found that most
of them had been stolen. Another
instance of an offense of the same
nature is found in the mutilation of
the last "Sequoia" poster by the re
moval of the drawing. The theft and
mutilation of posters is an extreme
ly petty practice without any ex
cuse whatever. Those desirous of se
curing these articles are always giv
en an opportunity to purchase them
for a trifling sum. Doubtless should
the persons who find it necessary to
pilfer the posters make their needs
known to the play managers, these
latter would gladly present them with
the coveted article rather than un
dergo the annoying inconvenience of
replacing them on the quad.
A member of Sword and Sandals
yesterday afternoon put up a num
ber of posters announcing the pro
duction of the "Two Gentlemen of Ve
rona," and returning over his route
a few hours later, found that most
of them had been stolen. Another
instance of an offense of the same
nature is found in the mutilation of
the last "Sequoia" poster by the re
moval of the drawing. The theft and
mutilation of posters is an extreme
ly petty practice without any ex
cuse whatever. Those desirous of se
curing these articles are always giv
en an opportunity to purchase them
for a trifling sum. Doubtless should
the persons who find it necessary to
pilfer the posters make their needs
known to the play managers, these
latter would gladly present them with
the coveted article rather than un
dergo the annoying inconvenience of
replacing them on the quad.
A member of Sword and Sandals
yesterday afternoon put up a num
ber of posters announcing the pro
duction of the "Two Gentlemen of Ve
rona," and returning over his route
a few hours later, found that most
of them had been stolen. Another
instance of an offense of the same
nature is found in the mutilation of
the last "Sequoia" poster by the re
moval of the drawing. The theft and
mutilation of posters is an extreme
ly petty practice without any ex
cuse whatever. Those desirous of se
curing these articles are always giv
en an opportunity to purchase them
for a trifling sum. Doubtless should
the persons who find it necessary to
pilfer the posters make their needs
known to the play managers, these
latter would gladly present them with
the coveted article rather than un
dergo the annoying inconvenience of
replacing them on the quad.
A member of Sword and Sandals
yesterday afternoon put up a num
ber of posters announcing the pro
duction of the "Two Gentlemen of Ve
rona," and returning over his route
a few hours later, found that most
of them had been stolen. Another
instance of an offense of the same
nature is found in the mutilation of
the last "Sequoia" poster by the re
moval of the drawing. The theft and
mutilation of posters is an extreme
ly petty practice without any ex
cuse whatever. Those desirous of se
curing these articles are always giv
en an opportunity to purchase them
for a trifling sum. Doubtless should
the persons who find it necessary to
pilfer the posters make their needs
known to the play managers, these
latter would gladly present them with
the coveted article rather than un
dergo the annoying inconvenience of
replacing them on the quad.
A member of Sword and Sandals
yesterday afternoon put up a num
ber of posters announcing the pro
duction of the "Two Gentlemen of Ve
rona," and returning over his route
a few hours later, found that most
of them had been stolen. Another
instance of an offense of the same
nature is found in the mutilation of
the last "Sequoia" poster by the re
moval of the drawing. The theft and
mutilation of posters is an extreme
ly petty practice without any ex
cuse whatever. Those desirous of se
curing these articles are always giv
en an opportunity to purchase them
for a trifling sum. Doubtless should
the persons who find it necessary to
pilfer the posters make their needs
known to the play managers, these
latter would gladly present them with
the coveted article rather than un
dergo the annoying inconvenience of
replacing them on the quad.
