# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is to be hoped that 110 action
will result from the report that the
Mandolin Club is seriously consider
ing disorganization. Whatever rea
sons may exist for such a step it
seems reasonable to suppose that if
the men of the University who have
the musical ability would devote
themselves more thoroughly to the
interests of the club, there would be
no occasion for a discussion of this
nature. Ihe spectacle of the large
organization presented at the Smok
erless Smoker reduced to twelve
members, with the prospect of dis
organization, is not an encouraging
one, and it is the wish of all con
cerned that the Mandolin Club take
no such action as that contemplated,
but rather make the best of condi
tions and continue with the good
work already begun.
It is to be hoped that 110 action
will result from the report that the
Mandolin Club is seriously consider
ing disorganization. Whatever rea
sons may exist for such a step it
seems reasonable to suppose that if
the men of the University who have
the musical ability would devote
themselves more thoroughly to the
interests of the club, there would be
no occasion for a discussion of this
nature. Ihe spectacle of the large
organization presented at the Smok
erless Smoker reduced to twelve
members, with the prospect of dis
organization, is not an encouraging
one, and it is the wish of all con
cerned that the Mandolin Club take
no such action as that contemplated,
but rather make the best of condi
tions and continue with the good
work already begun.
It is to be hoped that 110 action
will result from the report that the
Mandolin Club is seriously consider
ing disorganization. Whatever rea
sons may exist for such a step it
seems reasonable to suppose that if
the men of the University who have
the musical ability would devote
themselves more thoroughly to the
interests of the club, there would be
no occasion for a discussion of this
nature. Ihe spectacle of the large
organization presented at the Smok
erless Smoker reduced to twelve
members, with the prospect of dis
organization, is not an encouraging
one, and it is the wish of all con
cerned that the Mandolin Club take
no such action as that contemplated,
but rather make the best of condi
tions and continue with the good
work already begun.
It is to be hoped that 110 action
will result from the report that the
Mandolin Club is seriously consider
ing disorganization. Whatever rea
sons may exist for such a step it
seems reasonable to suppose that if
the men of the University who have
the musical ability would devote
themselves more thoroughly to the
interests of the club, there would be
no occasion for a discussion of this
nature. Ihe spectacle of the large
organization presented at the Smok
erless Smoker reduced to twelve
members, with the prospect of dis
organization, is not an encouraging
one, and it is the wish of all con
cerned that the Mandolin Club take
no such action as that contemplated,
but rather make the best of condi
tions and continue with the good
work already begun.
It is to be hoped that 110 action
will result from the report that the
Mandolin Club is seriously consider
ing disorganization. Whatever rea
sons may exist for such a step it
seems reasonable to suppose that if
the men of the University who have
the musical ability would devote
themselves more thoroughly to the
interests of the club, there would be
no occasion for a discussion of this
nature. Ihe spectacle of the large
organization presented at the Smok
erless Smoker reduced to twelve
members, with the prospect of dis
organization, is not an encouraging
one, and it is the wish of all con
cerned that the Mandolin Club take
no such action as that contemplated,
but rather make the best of condi
tions and continue with the good
work already begun.
It is to be hoped that 110 action
will result from the report that the
Mandolin Club is seriously consider
ing disorganization. Whatever rea
sons may exist for such a step it
seems reasonable to suppose that if
the men of the University who have
the musical ability would devote
themselves more thoroughly to the
interests of the club, there would be
no occasion for a discussion of this
nature. Ihe spectacle of the large
organization presented at the Smok
erless Smoker reduced to twelve
members, with the prospect of dis
organization, is not an encouraging
one, and it is the wish of all con
cerned that the Mandolin Club take
no such action as that contemplated,
but rather make the best of condi
tions and continue with the good
work already begun.
It is to be hoped that 110 action
will result from the report that the
Mandolin Club is seriously consider
ing disorganization. Whatever rea
sons may exist for such a step it
seems reasonable to suppose that if
the men of the University who have
the musical ability would devote
themselves more thoroughly to the
interests of the club, there would be
no occasion for a discussion of this
nature. Ihe spectacle of the large
organization presented at the Smok
erless Smoker reduced to twelve
members, with the prospect of dis
organization, is not an encouraging
one, and it is the wish of all con
cerned that the Mandolin Club take
no such action as that contemplated,
but rather make the best of condi
tions and continue with the good
work already begun.
It is to be hoped that 110 action
will result from the report that the
Mandolin Club is seriously consider
ing disorganization. Whatever rea
sons may exist for such a step it
seems reasonable to suppose that if
the men of the University who have
the musical ability would devote
themselves more thoroughly to the
interests of the club, there would be
no occasion for a discussion of this
nature. Ihe spectacle of the large
organization presented at the Smok
erless Smoker reduced to twelve
members, with the prospect of dis
organization, is not an encouraging
one, and it is the wish of all con
cerned that the Mandolin Club take
no such action as that contemplated,
but rather make the best of condi
tions and continue with the good
work already begun.
It is to be hoped that 110 action
will result from the report that the
Mandolin Club is seriously consider
ing disorganization. Whatever rea
sons may exist for such a step it
seems reasonable to suppose that if
the men of the University who have
the musical ability would devote
themselves more thoroughly to the
interests of the club, there would be
no occasion for a discussion of this
nature. Ihe spectacle of the large
organization presented at the Smok
erless Smoker reduced to twelve
members, with the prospect of dis
organization, is not an encouraging
one, and it is the wish of all con
cerned that the Mandolin Club take
no such action as that contemplated,
but rather make the best of condi
tions and continue with the good
work already begun.
