# Adv. 21 Page 5
## 
### 
dy^yfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shipped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere—for
the same quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carlule
J jeweler*
533 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
dy^yfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shipped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere—for
the same quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carlule
J jeweler*
533 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
dy^yfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shipped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere—for
the same quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carlule
J jeweler*
533 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
dy^yfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shipped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere—for
the same quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carlule
J jeweler*
533 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
dy^yfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shipped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere—for
the same quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carlule
J jeweler*
533 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
dy^yfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shipped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere—for
the same quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carlule
J jeweler*
533 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
dy^yfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shipped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere—for
the same quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carlule
J jeweler*
533 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
dy^yfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shipped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere—for
the same quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carlule
J jeweler*
533 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
dy^yfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shipped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere—for
the same quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carlule
J jeweler*
533 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
dy^yfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shipped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere—for
the same quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carlule
J jeweler*
533 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
dy^yfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shipped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere—for
the same quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carlule
J jeweler*
533 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
dy^yfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shipped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere—for
the same quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carlule
J jeweler*
533 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
dy^yfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shipped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere—for
the same quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carlule
J jeweler*
533 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
dy^yfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shipped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere—for
the same quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carlule
J jeweler*
533 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
