# Summer Jobs
## 
### 
Student Employment Office has
announced the following job open
ings for students interested in
working in summer recreation
and summer camps:
Representatives of Hayward
Recreation, Palo Alto Girl Scouts
and Montecito-Sequoia Camp will
be on campus for interviews this
week.
Next week interviews will be
conducted for Skylake Cam p,
Oakland Recreation. Oakland Girl
Scouts and South East Bay Girl
Scouts.
Students may obtain further in
formation and sign interview
schedules at the Employment Of
fice.
Student Employment Office has
announced the following job open
ings for students interested in
working in summer recreation
and summer camps:
Representatives of Hayward
Recreation, Palo Alto Girl Scouts
and Montecito-Sequoia Camp will
be on campus for interviews this
week.
Next week interviews will be
conducted for Skylake Cam p,
Oakland Recreation. Oakland Girl
Scouts and South East Bay Girl
Scouts.
Students may obtain further in
formation and sign interview
schedules at the Employment Of
fice.
Student Employment Office has
announced the following job open
ings for students interested in
working in summer recreation
and summer camps:
Representatives of Hayward
Recreation, Palo Alto Girl Scouts
and Montecito-Sequoia Camp will
be on campus for interviews this
week.
Next week interviews will be
conducted for Skylake Cam p,
Oakland Recreation. Oakland Girl
Scouts and South East Bay Girl
Scouts.
Students may obtain further in
formation and sign interview
schedules at the Employment Of
fice.
Student Employment Office has
announced the following job open
ings for students interested in
working in summer recreation
and summer camps:
Representatives of Hayward
Recreation, Palo Alto Girl Scouts
and Montecito-Sequoia Camp will
be on campus for interviews this
week.
Next week interviews will be
conducted for Skylake Cam p,
Oakland Recreation. Oakland Girl
Scouts and South East Bay Girl
Scouts.
Students may obtain further in
formation and sign interview
schedules at the Employment Of
fice.
Student Employment Office has
announced the following job open
ings for students interested in
working in summer recreation
and summer camps:
Representatives of Hayward
Recreation, Palo Alto Girl Scouts
and Montecito-Sequoia Camp will
be on campus for interviews this
week.
Next week interviews will be
conducted for Skylake Cam p,
Oakland Recreation. Oakland Girl
Scouts and South East Bay Girl
Scouts.
Students may obtain further in
formation and sign interview
schedules at the Employment Of
fice.
Student Employment Office has
announced the following job open
ings for students interested in
working in summer recreation
and summer camps:
Representatives of Hayward
Recreation, Palo Alto Girl Scouts
and Montecito-Sequoia Camp will
be on campus for interviews this
week.
Next week interviews will be
conducted for Skylake Cam p,
Oakland Recreation. Oakland Girl
Scouts and South East Bay Girl
Scouts.
Students may obtain further in
formation and sign interview
schedules at the Employment Of
fice.
Student Employment Office has
announced the following job open
ings for students interested in
working in summer recreation
and summer camps:
Representatives of Hayward
Recreation, Palo Alto Girl Scouts
and Montecito-Sequoia Camp will
be on campus for interviews this
week.
Next week interviews will be
conducted for Skylake Cam p,
Oakland Recreation. Oakland Girl
Scouts and South East Bay Girl
Scouts.
Students may obtain further in
formation and sign interview
schedules at the Employment Of
fice.
Student Employment Office has
announced the following job open
ings for students interested in
working in summer recreation
and summer camps:
Representatives of Hayward
Recreation, Palo Alto Girl Scouts
and Montecito-Sequoia Camp will
be on campus for interviews this
week.
Next week interviews will be
conducted for Skylake Cam p,
Oakland Recreation. Oakland Girl
Scouts and South East Bay Girl
Scouts.
Students may obtain further in
formation and sign interview
schedules at the Employment Of
fice.
Student Employment Office has
announced the following job open
ings for students interested in
working in summer recreation
and summer camps:
Representatives of Hayward
Recreation, Palo Alto Girl Scouts
and Montecito-Sequoia Camp will
be on campus for interviews this
week.
Next week interviews will be
conducted for Skylake Cam p,
Oakland Recreation. Oakland Girl
Scouts and South East Bay Girl
Scouts.
Students may obtain further in
formation and sign interview
schedules at the Employment Of
fice.
Student Employment Office has
announced the following job open
ings for students interested in
working in summer recreation
and summer camps:
Representatives of Hayward
Recreation, Palo Alto Girl Scouts
and Montecito-Sequoia Camp will
be on campus for interviews this
week.
Next week interviews will be
conducted for Skylake Cam p,
Oakland Recreation. Oakland Girl
Scouts and South East Bay Girl
Scouts.
Students may obtain further in
formation and sign interview
schedules at the Employment Of
fice.
Student Employment Office has
announced the following job open
ings for students interested in
working in summer recreation
and summer camps:
Representatives of Hayward
Recreation, Palo Alto Girl Scouts
and Montecito-Sequoia Camp will
be on campus for interviews this
week.
Next week interviews will be
conducted for Skylake Cam p,
Oakland Recreation. Oakland Girl
Scouts and South East Bay Girl
Scouts.
Students may obtain further in
formation and sign interview
schedules at the Employment Of
fice.
Student Employment Office has
announced the following job open
ings for students interested in
working in summer recreation
and summer camps:
Representatives of Hayward
Recreation, Palo Alto Girl Scouts
and Montecito-Sequoia Camp will
be on campus for interviews this
week.
Next week interviews will be
conducted for Skylake Cam p,
Oakland Recreation. Oakland Girl
Scouts and South East Bay Girl
Scouts.
Students may obtain further in
formation and sign interview
schedules at the Employment Of
fice.
Student Employment Office has
announced the following job open
ings for students interested in
working in summer recreation
and summer camps:
Representatives of Hayward
Recreation, Palo Alto Girl Scouts
and Montecito-Sequoia Camp will
be on campus for interviews this
week.
Next week interviews will be
conducted for Skylake Cam p,
Oakland Recreation. Oakland Girl
Scouts and South East Bay Girl
Scouts.
Students may obtain further in
formation and sign interview
schedules at the Employment Of
fice.
Student Employment Office has
announced the following job open
ings for students interested in
working in summer recreation
and summer camps:
Representatives of Hayward
Recreation, Palo Alto Girl Scouts
and Montecito-Sequoia Camp will
be on campus for interviews this
week.
Next week interviews will be
conducted for Skylake Cam p,
Oakland Recreation. Oakland Girl
Scouts and South East Bay Girl
Scouts.
Students may obtain further in
formation and sign interview
schedules at the Employment Of
fice.
Student Employment Office has
announced the following job open
ings for students interested in
working in summer recreation
and summer camps:
Representatives of Hayward
Recreation, Palo Alto Girl Scouts
and Montecito-Sequoia Camp will
be on campus for interviews this
week.
Next week interviews will be
conducted for Skylake Cam p,
Oakland Recreation. Oakland Girl
Scouts and South East Bay Girl
Scouts.
Students may obtain further in
formation and sign interview
schedules at the Employment Of
fice.
