# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Jean Byrd to Dave
Dahle, Phi Delta Theta. Both are
from Alhambra.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Jean Byrd to Dave
Dahle, Phi Delta Theta. Both are
from Alhambra.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Jean Byrd to Dave
Dahle, Phi Delta Theta. Both are
from Alhambra.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Jean Byrd to Dave
Dahle, Phi Delta Theta. Both are
from Alhambra.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Jean Byrd to Dave
Dahle, Phi Delta Theta. Both are
from Alhambra.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Jean Byrd to Dave
Dahle, Phi Delta Theta. Both are
from Alhambra.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Jean Byrd to Dave
Dahle, Phi Delta Theta. Both are
from Alhambra.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Jean Byrd to Dave
Dahle, Phi Delta Theta. Both are
from Alhambra.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Jean Byrd to Dave
Dahle, Phi Delta Theta. Both are
from Alhambra.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Jean Byrd to Dave
Dahle, Phi Delta Theta. Both are
from Alhambra.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Jean Byrd to Dave
Dahle, Phi Delta Theta. Both are
from Alhambra.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Jean Byrd to Dave
Dahle, Phi Delta Theta. Both are
from Alhambra.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Jean Byrd to Dave
Dahle, Phi Delta Theta. Both are
from Alhambra.
