# 'I' Club to Honor Foreign Students
## 
### 
Students coming to Stanford from
abroad have been invited to attend
a reception to be given in their
honor Friday from 4 to 6 p.m., at
the home of Willard M. Waterous,
624 Mayfield Avenue.
The garden reception has been ar
ranged by the student International
Club to acquaint new and old stu
dents from abroad with members of
the University administrative staff
and student hosts and hostesses.
Students coming to Stanford from
abroad have been invited to attend
a reception to be given in their
honor Friday from 4 to 6 p.m., at
the home of Willard M. Waterous,
624 Mayfield Avenue.
The garden reception has been ar
ranged by the student International
Club to acquaint new and old stu
dents from abroad with members of
the University administrative staff
and student hosts and hostesses.
Students coming to Stanford from
abroad have been invited to attend
a reception to be given in their
honor Friday from 4 to 6 p.m., at
the home of Willard M. Waterous,
624 Mayfield Avenue.
The garden reception has been ar
ranged by the student International
Club to acquaint new and old stu
dents from abroad with members of
the University administrative staff
and student hosts and hostesses.
Students coming to Stanford from
abroad have been invited to attend
a reception to be given in their
honor Friday from 4 to 6 p.m., at
the home of Willard M. Waterous,
624 Mayfield Avenue.
The garden reception has been ar
ranged by the student International
Club to acquaint new and old stu
dents from abroad with members of
the University administrative staff
and student hosts and hostesses.
Students coming to Stanford from
abroad have been invited to attend
a reception to be given in their
honor Friday from 4 to 6 p.m., at
the home of Willard M. Waterous,
624 Mayfield Avenue.
The garden reception has been ar
ranged by the student International
Club to acquaint new and old stu
dents from abroad with members of
the University administrative staff
and student hosts and hostesses.
Students coming to Stanford from
abroad have been invited to attend
a reception to be given in their
honor Friday from 4 to 6 p.m., at
the home of Willard M. Waterous,
624 Mayfield Avenue.
The garden reception has been ar
ranged by the student International
Club to acquaint new and old stu
dents from abroad with members of
the University administrative staff
and student hosts and hostesses.
Students coming to Stanford from
abroad have been invited to attend
a reception to be given in their
honor Friday from 4 to 6 p.m., at
the home of Willard M. Waterous,
624 Mayfield Avenue.
The garden reception has been ar
ranged by the student International
Club to acquaint new and old stu
dents from abroad with members of
the University administrative staff
and student hosts and hostesses.
Students coming to Stanford from
abroad have been invited to attend
a reception to be given in their
honor Friday from 4 to 6 p.m., at
the home of Willard M. Waterous,
624 Mayfield Avenue.
The garden reception has been ar
ranged by the student International
Club to acquaint new and old stu
dents from abroad with members of
the University administrative staff
and student hosts and hostesses.
Students coming to Stanford from
abroad have been invited to attend
a reception to be given in their
honor Friday from 4 to 6 p.m., at
the home of Willard M. Waterous,
624 Mayfield Avenue.
The garden reception has been ar
ranged by the student International
Club to acquaint new and old stu
dents from abroad with members of
the University administrative staff
and student hosts and hostesses.
Students coming to Stanford from
abroad have been invited to attend
a reception to be given in their
honor Friday from 4 to 6 p.m., at
the home of Willard M. Waterous,
624 Mayfield Avenue.
The garden reception has been ar
ranged by the student International
Club to acquaint new and old stu
dents from abroad with members of
the University administrative staff
and student hosts and hostesses.
Students coming to Stanford from
abroad have been invited to attend
a reception to be given in their
honor Friday from 4 to 6 p.m., at
the home of Willard M. Waterous,
624 Mayfield Avenue.
The garden reception has been ar
ranged by the student International
Club to acquaint new and old stu
dents from abroad with members of
the University administrative staff
and student hosts and hostesses.
Students coming to Stanford from
abroad have been invited to attend
a reception to be given in their
honor Friday from 4 to 6 p.m., at
the home of Willard M. Waterous,
624 Mayfield Avenue.
The garden reception has been ar
ranged by the student International
Club to acquaint new and old stu
dents from abroad with members of
the University administrative staff
and student hosts and hostesses.
Students coming to Stanford from
abroad have been invited to attend
a reception to be given in their
honor Friday from 4 to 6 p.m., at
the home of Willard M. Waterous,
624 Mayfield Avenue.
The garden reception has been ar
ranged by the student International
Club to acquaint new and old stu
dents from abroad with members of
the University administrative staff
and student hosts and hostesses.
