# Nurses, Sanitary Engineers Sought By Slate Board
## 
### 
Registered nurses with teaching
experience in the field of nursing
and qualified sanitary engineers art
â€¢being sought by the State Person
nel Board.
Applications for the nurses' po
sitions will be accepted bv the State
Personnel Board.
The nurses will compete in the
statewide examination for the po
sition of educational consultant. Ap
plications will be accepted until
Oct. 4, The .starting .salary is
$.'llO per month.
Applications to fill positions of
assistant sanitary engineer and as
sociate sanitary engineer will be ac
cepted through Oct. 15, 1!I49. The
positions carry entrance salaries of
3*541 and $415 monthly.
United States citizenship is re
quired of all candidates. Details re
garding these examinations and ap
plication forms may be obtained
from the State Personnel Board of
fices, 1015 L Street, Sacramento, or
107 State Bui!dim>, San Francisco.
