# Candlelight Service Scheduled Tonight
## 
### 
Candlelight services, to give stu
dents and faculty opportunity for
quiet meditation, will be held to
night from 9 to 9:30 in Memorial
Church.
Bible study will precede the serv
ices at 8 p.m. in the vestry. The
Rev. R. M. Minto will conduct the
discussion on "Devotional Use of
the Psalms."
Wednesday night services are
sponsored and directed by students
to provide a religious "breather"
from studies and problems during
the week. Scripture, prayer, and
organ music mark the half-hour.
Candlelight services, to give stu
dents and faculty opportunity for
quiet meditation, will be held to
night from 9 to 9:30 in Memorial
Church.
Bible study will precede the serv
ices at 8 p.m. in the vestry. The
Rev. R. M. Minto will conduct the
discussion on "Devotional Use of
the Psalms."
Wednesday night services are
sponsored and directed by students
to provide a religious "breather"
from studies and problems during
the week. Scripture, prayer, and
organ music mark the half-hour.
Candlelight services, to give stu
dents and faculty opportunity for
quiet meditation, will be held to
night from 9 to 9:30 in Memorial
Church.
Bible study will precede the serv
ices at 8 p.m. in the vestry. The
Rev. R. M. Minto will conduct the
discussion on "Devotional Use of
the Psalms."
Wednesday night services are
sponsored and directed by students
to provide a religious "breather"
from studies and problems during
the week. Scripture, prayer, and
organ music mark the half-hour.
Candlelight services, to give stu
dents and faculty opportunity for
quiet meditation, will be held to
night from 9 to 9:30 in Memorial
Church.
Bible study will precede the serv
ices at 8 p.m. in the vestry. The
Rev. R. M. Minto will conduct the
discussion on "Devotional Use of
the Psalms."
Wednesday night services are
sponsored and directed by students
to provide a religious "breather"
from studies and problems during
the week. Scripture, prayer, and
organ music mark the half-hour.
Candlelight services, to give stu
dents and faculty opportunity for
quiet meditation, will be held to
night from 9 to 9:30 in Memorial
Church.
Bible study will precede the serv
ices at 8 p.m. in the vestry. The
Rev. R. M. Minto will conduct the
discussion on "Devotional Use of
the Psalms."
Wednesday night services are
sponsored and directed by students
to provide a religious "breather"
from studies and problems during
the week. Scripture, prayer, and
organ music mark the half-hour.
Candlelight services, to give stu
dents and faculty opportunity for
quiet meditation, will be held to
night from 9 to 9:30 in Memorial
Church.
Bible study will precede the serv
ices at 8 p.m. in the vestry. The
Rev. R. M. Minto will conduct the
discussion on "Devotional Use of
the Psalms."
Wednesday night services are
sponsored and directed by students
to provide a religious "breather"
from studies and problems during
the week. Scripture, prayer, and
organ music mark the half-hour.
Candlelight services, to give stu
dents and faculty opportunity for
quiet meditation, will be held to
night from 9 to 9:30 in Memorial
Church.
Bible study will precede the serv
ices at 8 p.m. in the vestry. The
Rev. R. M. Minto will conduct the
discussion on "Devotional Use of
the Psalms."
Wednesday night services are
sponsored and directed by students
to provide a religious "breather"
from studies and problems during
the week. Scripture, prayer, and
organ music mark the half-hour.
Candlelight services, to give stu
dents and faculty opportunity for
quiet meditation, will be held to
night from 9 to 9:30 in Memorial
Church.
Bible study will precede the serv
ices at 8 p.m. in the vestry. The
Rev. R. M. Minto will conduct the
discussion on "Devotional Use of
the Psalms."
Wednesday night services are
sponsored and directed by students
to provide a religious "breather"
from studies and problems during
the week. Scripture, prayer, and
organ music mark the half-hour.
Candlelight services, to give stu
dents and faculty opportunity for
quiet meditation, will be held to
night from 9 to 9:30 in Memorial
Church.
Bible study will precede the serv
ices at 8 p.m. in the vestry. The
Rev. R. M. Minto will conduct the
discussion on "Devotional Use of
the Psalms."
Wednesday night services are
sponsored and directed by students
to provide a religious "breather"
from studies and problems during
the week. Scripture, prayer, and
organ music mark the half-hour.
Candlelight services, to give stu
dents and faculty opportunity for
quiet meditation, will be held to
night from 9 to 9:30 in Memorial
Church.
Bible study will precede the serv
ices at 8 p.m. in the vestry. The
Rev. R. M. Minto will conduct the
discussion on "Devotional Use of
the Psalms."
Wednesday night services are
sponsored and directed by students
to provide a religious "breather"
from studies and problems during
the week. Scripture, prayer, and
organ music mark the half-hour.
Candlelight services, to give stu
dents and faculty opportunity for
quiet meditation, will be held to
night from 9 to 9:30 in Memorial
Church.
Bible study will precede the serv
ices at 8 p.m. in the vestry. The
Rev. R. M. Minto will conduct the
discussion on "Devotional Use of
the Psalms."
Wednesday night services are
sponsored and directed by students
to provide a religious "breather"
from studies and problems during
the week. Scripture, prayer, and
organ music mark the half-hour.
Candlelight services, to give stu
dents and faculty opportunity for
quiet meditation, will be held to
night from 9 to 9:30 in Memorial
Church.
Bible study will precede the serv
ices at 8 p.m. in the vestry. The
Rev. R. M. Minto will conduct the
discussion on "Devotional Use of
the Psalms."
Wednesday night services are
sponsored and directed by students
to provide a religious "breather"
from studies and problems during
the week. Scripture, prayer, and
organ music mark the half-hour.
Candlelight services, to give stu
dents and faculty opportunity for
quiet meditation, will be held to
night from 9 to 9:30 in Memorial
Church.
Bible study will precede the serv
ices at 8 p.m. in the vestry. The
Rev. R. M. Minto will conduct the
discussion on "Devotional Use of
the Psalms."
Wednesday night services are
sponsored and directed by students
to provide a religious "breather"
from studies and problems during
the week. Scripture, prayer, and
organ music mark the half-hour.
