# FROSH CAGERS TO MEET
## 
### 
Coach Bob Burnett, freshman
basketball mentor, announced that
there will be a meeting of frosh
cage aspirants at the SAC today at
4:30. Burnett urged all '53ers inter
ested in the hardwood sport to be
there.
Coach Bob Burnett, freshman
basketball mentor, announced that
there will be a meeting of frosh
cage aspirants at the SAC today at
4:30. Burnett urged all '53ers inter
ested in the hardwood sport to be
there.
Coach Bob Burnett, freshman
basketball mentor, announced that
there will be a meeting of frosh
cage aspirants at the SAC today at
4:30. Burnett urged all '53ers inter
ested in the hardwood sport to be
there.
Coach Bob Burnett, freshman
basketball mentor, announced that
there will be a meeting of frosh
cage aspirants at the SAC today at
4:30. Burnett urged all '53ers inter
ested in the hardwood sport to be
there.
Coach Bob Burnett, freshman
basketball mentor, announced that
there will be a meeting of frosh
cage aspirants at the SAC today at
4:30. Burnett urged all '53ers inter
ested in the hardwood sport to be
there.
Coach Bob Burnett, freshman
basketball mentor, announced that
there will be a meeting of frosh
cage aspirants at the SAC today at
4:30. Burnett urged all '53ers inter
ested in the hardwood sport to be
there.
Coach Bob Burnett, freshman
basketball mentor, announced that
there will be a meeting of frosh
cage aspirants at the SAC today at
4:30. Burnett urged all '53ers inter
ested in the hardwood sport to be
there.
Coach Bob Burnett, freshman
basketball mentor, announced that
there will be a meeting of frosh
cage aspirants at the SAC today at
4:30. Burnett urged all '53ers inter
ested in the hardwood sport to be
there.
Coach Bob Burnett, freshman
basketball mentor, announced that
there will be a meeting of frosh
cage aspirants at the SAC today at
4:30. Burnett urged all '53ers inter
ested in the hardwood sport to be
there.
Coach Bob Burnett, freshman
basketball mentor, announced that
there will be a meeting of frosh
cage aspirants at the SAC today at
4:30. Burnett urged all '53ers inter
ested in the hardwood sport to be
there.
Coach Bob Burnett, freshman
basketball mentor, announced that
there will be a meeting of frosh
cage aspirants at the SAC today at
4:30. Burnett urged all '53ers inter
ested in the hardwood sport to be
there.
Coach Bob Burnett, freshman
basketball mentor, announced that
there will be a meeting of frosh
cage aspirants at the SAC today at
4:30. Burnett urged all '53ers inter
ested in the hardwood sport to be
there.
Coach Bob Burnett, freshman
basketball mentor, announced that
there will be a meeting of frosh
cage aspirants at the SAC today at
4:30. Burnett urged all '53ers inter
ested in the hardwood sport to be
there.
