# 'Y' Luncheon Topic Is Demo Problems
## 
### 
"What Should Be the Role of the
Democratic Parly in the Present
Administration?" will Ik- the topie
of the "Y" Public Affairs Luncheon
this noon in the "Y" lounge on the
third floor ol the Women's Club
house.
Tom Bartlett of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion.
"What Should Be the Role of the
Democratic Parly in the Present
Administration?" will Ik- the topie
of the "Y" Public Affairs Luncheon
this noon in the "Y" lounge on the
third floor ol the Women's Club
house.
Tom Bartlett of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion.
"What Should Be the Role of the
Democratic Parly in the Present
Administration?" will Ik- the topie
of the "Y" Public Affairs Luncheon
this noon in the "Y" lounge on the
third floor ol the Women's Club
house.
Tom Bartlett of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion.
"What Should Be the Role of the
Democratic Parly in the Present
Administration?" will Ik- the topie
of the "Y" Public Affairs Luncheon
this noon in the "Y" lounge on the
third floor ol the Women's Club
house.
Tom Bartlett of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion.
"What Should Be the Role of the
Democratic Parly in the Present
Administration?" will Ik- the topie
of the "Y" Public Affairs Luncheon
this noon in the "Y" lounge on the
third floor ol the Women's Club
house.
Tom Bartlett of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion.
"What Should Be the Role of the
Democratic Parly in the Present
Administration?" will Ik- the topie
of the "Y" Public Affairs Luncheon
this noon in the "Y" lounge on the
third floor ol the Women's Club
house.
Tom Bartlett of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion.
"What Should Be the Role of the
Democratic Parly in the Present
Administration?" will Ik- the topie
of the "Y" Public Affairs Luncheon
this noon in the "Y" lounge on the
third floor ol the Women's Club
house.
Tom Bartlett of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion.
"What Should Be the Role of the
Democratic Parly in the Present
Administration?" will Ik- the topie
of the "Y" Public Affairs Luncheon
this noon in the "Y" lounge on the
third floor ol the Women's Club
house.
Tom Bartlett of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion.
"What Should Be the Role of the
Democratic Parly in the Present
Administration?" will Ik- the topie
of the "Y" Public Affairs Luncheon
this noon in the "Y" lounge on the
third floor ol the Women's Club
house.
Tom Bartlett of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion.
"What Should Be the Role of the
Democratic Parly in the Present
Administration?" will Ik- the topie
of the "Y" Public Affairs Luncheon
this noon in the "Y" lounge on the
third floor ol the Women's Club
house.
Tom Bartlett of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion.
"What Should Be the Role of the
Democratic Parly in the Present
Administration?" will Ik- the topie
of the "Y" Public Affairs Luncheon
this noon in the "Y" lounge on the
third floor ol the Women's Club
house.
Tom Bartlett of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion.
"What Should Be the Role of the
Democratic Parly in the Present
Administration?" will Ik- the topie
of the "Y" Public Affairs Luncheon
this noon in the "Y" lounge on the
third floor ol the Women's Club
house.
Tom Bartlett of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion.
"What Should Be the Role of the
Democratic Parly in the Present
Administration?" will Ik- the topie
of the "Y" Public Affairs Luncheon
this noon in the "Y" lounge on the
third floor ol the Women's Club
house.
Tom Bartlett of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion.
"What Should Be the Role of the
Democratic Parly in the Present
Administration?" will Ik- the topie
of the "Y" Public Affairs Luncheon
this noon in the "Y" lounge on the
third floor ol the Women's Club
house.
Tom Bartlett of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion.
"What Should Be the Role of the
Democratic Parly in the Present
Administration?" will Ik- the topie
of the "Y" Public Affairs Luncheon
this noon in the "Y" lounge on the
third floor ol the Women's Club
house.
Tom Bartlett of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion.
