# KZSU
## 
### 
Sportscasls

KZSU will broadcast the Stan
ford-Fort Ord baseball game ;it
;{:1() this afternoon and the Stan
ford-SC tvack meet at 5:55.
Sportscasls

KZSU will broadcast the Stan
ford-Fort Ord baseball game ;it
;{:1() this afternoon and the Stan
ford-SC tvack meet at 5:55.
Sportscasls

KZSU will broadcast the Stan
ford-Fort Ord baseball game ;it
;{:1() this afternoon and the Stan
ford-SC tvack meet at 5:55.
Sportscasls

KZSU will broadcast the Stan
ford-Fort Ord baseball game ;it
;{:1() this afternoon and the Stan
ford-SC tvack meet at 5:55.
Sportscasls

KZSU will broadcast the Stan
ford-Fort Ord baseball game ;it
;{:1() this afternoon and the Stan
ford-SC tvack meet at 5:55.
Sportscasls

KZSU will broadcast the Stan
ford-Fort Ord baseball game ;it
;{:1() this afternoon and the Stan
ford-SC tvack meet at 5:55.
Sportscasls

KZSU will broadcast the Stan
ford-Fort Ord baseball game ;it
;{:1() this afternoon and the Stan
ford-SC tvack meet at 5:55.
Sportscasls

KZSU will broadcast the Stan
ford-Fort Ord baseball game ;it
;{:1() this afternoon and the Stan
ford-SC tvack meet at 5:55.
Sportscasls

KZSU will broadcast the Stan
ford-Fort Ord baseball game ;it
;{:1() this afternoon and the Stan
ford-SC tvack meet at 5:55.
Sportscasls

KZSU will broadcast the Stan
ford-Fort Ord baseball game ;it
;{:1() this afternoon and the Stan
ford-SC tvack meet at 5:55.
Sportscasls

KZSU will broadcast the Stan
ford-Fort Ord baseball game ;it
;{:1() this afternoon and the Stan
ford-SC tvack meet at 5:55.
Sportscasls

KZSU will broadcast the Stan
ford-Fort Ord baseball game ;it
;{:1() this afternoon and the Stan
ford-SC tvack meet at 5:55.
Sportscasls

KZSU will broadcast the Stan
ford-Fort Ord baseball game ;it
;{:1() this afternoon and the Stan
ford-SC tvack meet at 5:55.
Sportscasls

KZSU will broadcast the Stan
ford-Fort Ord baseball game ;it
;{:1() this afternoon and the Stan
ford-SC tvack meet at 5:55.
Sportscasls

KZSU will broadcast the Stan
ford-Fort Ord baseball game ;it
;{:1() this afternoon and the Stan
ford-SC tvack meet at 5:55.
