# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—Harvard has received a gift of
$100,000 from James Stillman of
New York for the endowment of a
professorship in comparative anat
omy.
—Harvard has received a gift of
$100,000 from James Stillman of
New York for the endowment of a
professorship in comparative anat
omy.
—Harvard has received a gift of
$100,000 from James Stillman of
New York for the endowment of a
professorship in comparative anat
omy.
—Harvard has received a gift of
$100,000 from James Stillman of
New York for the endowment of a
professorship in comparative anat
omy.
—Harvard has received a gift of
$100,000 from James Stillman of
New York for the endowment of a
professorship in comparative anat
omy.
—Harvard has received a gift of
$100,000 from James Stillman of
New York for the endowment of a
professorship in comparative anat
omy.
—Harvard has received a gift of
$100,000 from James Stillman of
New York for the endowment of a
professorship in comparative anat
omy.
—Harvard has received a gift of
$100,000 from James Stillman of
New York for the endowment of a
professorship in comparative anat
omy.
