# PARIS PROFESSOR TO TALK AT UNIVERSITY
## 
### 
Charles Diehl, of the University of
Paris, who is making a tour of the
West, will give an illustrated lecture
on Ravenna at Stanford in the middle
of July.
Diehl, who has been teaching at
Harvard, is an authority on Byzantine
art and culture.
Charles Diehl, of the University of
Paris, who is making a tour of the
West, will give an illustrated lecture
on Ravenna at Stanford in the middle
of July.
Diehl, who has been teaching at
Harvard, is an authority on Byzantine
art and culture.
Charles Diehl, of the University of
Paris, who is making a tour of the
West, will give an illustrated lecture
on Ravenna at Stanford in the middle
of July.
Diehl, who has been teaching at
Harvard, is an authority on Byzantine
art and culture.
Charles Diehl, of the University of
Paris, who is making a tour of the
West, will give an illustrated lecture
on Ravenna at Stanford in the middle
of July.
Diehl, who has been teaching at
Harvard, is an authority on Byzantine
art and culture.
Charles Diehl, of the University of
Paris, who is making a tour of the
West, will give an illustrated lecture
on Ravenna at Stanford in the middle
of July.
Diehl, who has been teaching at
Harvard, is an authority on Byzantine
art and culture.
Charles Diehl, of the University of
Paris, who is making a tour of the
West, will give an illustrated lecture
on Ravenna at Stanford in the middle
of July.
Diehl, who has been teaching at
Harvard, is an authority on Byzantine
art and culture.
Charles Diehl, of the University of
Paris, who is making a tour of the
West, will give an illustrated lecture
on Ravenna at Stanford in the middle
of July.
Diehl, who has been teaching at
Harvard, is an authority on Byzantine
art and culture.
Charles Diehl, of the University of
Paris, who is making a tour of the
West, will give an illustrated lecture
on Ravenna at Stanford in the middle
of July.
Diehl, who has been teaching at
Harvard, is an authority on Byzantine
art and culture.
Charles Diehl, of the University of
Paris, who is making a tour of the
West, will give an illustrated lecture
on Ravenna at Stanford in the middle
of July.
Diehl, who has been teaching at
Harvard, is an authority on Byzantine
art and culture.
Charles Diehl, of the University of
Paris, who is making a tour of the
West, will give an illustrated lecture
on Ravenna at Stanford in the middle
of July.
Diehl, who has been teaching at
Harvard, is an authority on Byzantine
art and culture.
Charles Diehl, of the University of
Paris, who is making a tour of the
West, will give an illustrated lecture
on Ravenna at Stanford in the middle
of July.
Diehl, who has been teaching at
Harvard, is an authority on Byzantine
art and culture.
Charles Diehl, of the University of
Paris, who is making a tour of the
West, will give an illustrated lecture
on Ravenna at Stanford in the middle
of July.
Diehl, who has been teaching at
Harvard, is an authority on Byzantine
art and culture.
Charles Diehl, of the University of
Paris, who is making a tour of the
West, will give an illustrated lecture
on Ravenna at Stanford in the middle
of July.
Diehl, who has been teaching at
Harvard, is an authority on Byzantine
art and culture.
Charles Diehl, of the University of
Paris, who is making a tour of the
West, will give an illustrated lecture
on Ravenna at Stanford in the middle
of July.
Diehl, who has been teaching at
Harvard, is an authority on Byzantine
art and culture.
Charles Diehl, of the University of
Paris, who is making a tour of the
West, will give an illustrated lecture
on Ravenna at Stanford in the middle
of July.
Diehl, who has been teaching at
Harvard, is an authority on Byzantine
art and culture.
