# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Senior Ball tickets go on sale
tomorrow from 1 to 2 o'clock at
the Old Union.
Senior Ball tickets go on sale
tomorrow from 1 to 2 o'clock at
the Old Union.
Senior Ball tickets go on sale
tomorrow from 1 to 2 o'clock at
the Old Union.
Senior Ball tickets go on sale
tomorrow from 1 to 2 o'clock at
the Old Union.
Senior Ball tickets go on sale
tomorrow from 1 to 2 o'clock at
the Old Union.
Senior Ball tickets go on sale
tomorrow from 1 to 2 o'clock at
the Old Union.
Senior Ball tickets go on sale
tomorrow from 1 to 2 o'clock at
the Old Union.
Senior Ball tickets go on sale
tomorrow from 1 to 2 o'clock at
the Old Union.
Senior Ball tickets go on sale
tomorrow from 1 to 2 o'clock at
the Old Union.
Senior Ball tickets go on sale
tomorrow from 1 to 2 o'clock at
the Old Union.
Senior Ball tickets go on sale
tomorrow from 1 to 2 o'clock at
the Old Union.
Senior Ball tickets go on sale
tomorrow from 1 to 2 o'clock at
the Old Union.
Senior Ball tickets go on sale
tomorrow from 1 to 2 o'clock at
the Old Union.
Senior Ball tickets go on sale
tomorrow from 1 to 2 o'clock at
the Old Union.
Senior Ball tickets go on sale
tomorrow from 1 to 2 o'clock at
the Old Union.
