# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Freshman women at Manitoba are
prohibited from using cosmetics.
Freshman women at Manitoba are
prohibited from using cosmetics.
Freshman women at Manitoba are
prohibited from using cosmetics.
Freshman women at Manitoba are
prohibited from using cosmetics.
Freshman women at Manitoba are
prohibited from using cosmetics.
Freshman women at Manitoba are
prohibited from using cosmetics.
Freshman women at Manitoba are
prohibited from using cosmetics.
Freshman women at Manitoba are
prohibited from using cosmetics.
Freshman women at Manitoba are
prohibited from using cosmetics.
Freshman women at Manitoba are
prohibited from using cosmetics.
Freshman women at Manitoba are
prohibited from using cosmetics.
Freshman women at Manitoba are
prohibited from using cosmetics.
Freshman women at Manitoba are
prohibited from using cosmetics.
Freshman women at Manitoba are
prohibited from using cosmetics.
Freshman women at Manitoba are
prohibited from using cosmetics.
