# MARINE CORPS PROGRAMS
## 
### 
Further information about the of
ficer training programs recently re
opened by the Marine Corps to nil
men students may be obtained fron-
Captain John Skvaril today in tl <
conference room in the Dean oJ
Students' office.
Further information about the of
ficer training programs recently re
opened by the Marine Corps to nil
men students may be obtained fron-
Captain John Skvaril today in tl <
conference room in the Dean oJ
Students' office.
Further information about the of
ficer training programs recently re
opened by the Marine Corps to nil
men students may be obtained fron-
Captain John Skvaril today in tl <
conference room in the Dean oJ
Students' office.
Further information about the of
ficer training programs recently re
opened by the Marine Corps to nil
men students may be obtained fron-
Captain John Skvaril today in tl <
conference room in the Dean oJ
Students' office.
Further information about the of
ficer training programs recently re
opened by the Marine Corps to nil
men students may be obtained fron-
Captain John Skvaril today in tl <
conference room in the Dean oJ
Students' office.
Further information about the of
ficer training programs recently re
opened by the Marine Corps to nil
men students may be obtained fron-
Captain John Skvaril today in tl <
conference room in the Dean oJ
Students' office.
Further information about the of
ficer training programs recently re
opened by the Marine Corps to nil
men students may be obtained fron-
Captain John Skvaril today in tl <
conference room in the Dean oJ
Students' office.
Further information about the of
ficer training programs recently re
opened by the Marine Corps to nil
men students may be obtained fron-
Captain John Skvaril today in tl <
conference room in the Dean oJ
Students' office.
Further information about the of
ficer training programs recently re
opened by the Marine Corps to nil
men students may be obtained fron-
Captain John Skvaril today in tl <
conference room in the Dean oJ
Students' office.
Further information about the of
ficer training programs recently re
opened by the Marine Corps to nil
men students may be obtained fron-
Captain John Skvaril today in tl <
conference room in the Dean oJ
Students' office.
Further information about the of
ficer training programs recently re
opened by the Marine Corps to nil
men students may be obtained fron-
Captain John Skvaril today in tl <
conference room in the Dean oJ
Students' office.
Further information about the of
ficer training programs recently re
opened by the Marine Corps to nil
men students may be obtained fron-
Captain John Skvaril today in tl <
conference room in the Dean oJ
Students' office.
Further information about the of
ficer training programs recently re
opened by the Marine Corps to nil
men students may be obtained fron-
Captain John Skvaril today in tl <
conference room in the Dean oJ
Students' office.
Further information about the of
ficer training programs recently re
opened by the Marine Corps to nil
men students may be obtained fron-
Captain John Skvaril today in tl <
conference room in the Dean oJ
Students' office.
