# Scholarship Bids Due by 5 p.m. Today
## 
### 
Applications for scholarships arc
due today by 5 p.m. at the oflicc
of the Scholarship Secretary,
Room 111-F. it was announced by
the Registrar's office.
Applications for scholarships arc
due today by 5 p.m. at the oflicc
of the Scholarship Secretary,
Room 111-F. it was announced by
the Registrar's office.
Applications for scholarships arc
due today by 5 p.m. at the oflicc
of the Scholarship Secretary,
Room 111-F. it was announced by
the Registrar's office.
Applications for scholarships arc
due today by 5 p.m. at the oflicc
of the Scholarship Secretary,
Room 111-F. it was announced by
the Registrar's office.
Applications for scholarships arc
due today by 5 p.m. at the oflicc
of the Scholarship Secretary,
Room 111-F. it was announced by
the Registrar's office.
Applications for scholarships arc
due today by 5 p.m. at the oflicc
of the Scholarship Secretary,
Room 111-F. it was announced by
the Registrar's office.
Applications for scholarships arc
due today by 5 p.m. at the oflicc
of the Scholarship Secretary,
Room 111-F. it was announced by
the Registrar's office.
Applications for scholarships arc
due today by 5 p.m. at the oflicc
of the Scholarship Secretary,
Room 111-F. it was announced by
the Registrar's office.
Applications for scholarships arc
due today by 5 p.m. at the oflicc
of the Scholarship Secretary,
Room 111-F. it was announced by
the Registrar's office.
Applications for scholarships arc
due today by 5 p.m. at the oflicc
of the Scholarship Secretary,
Room 111-F. it was announced by
the Registrar's office.
Applications for scholarships arc
due today by 5 p.m. at the oflicc
of the Scholarship Secretary,
Room 111-F. it was announced by
the Registrar's office.
Applications for scholarships arc
due today by 5 p.m. at the oflicc
of the Scholarship Secretary,
Room 111-F. it was announced by
the Registrar's office.
Applications for scholarships arc
due today by 5 p.m. at the oflicc
of the Scholarship Secretary,
Room 111-F. it was announced by
the Registrar's office.
Applications for scholarships arc
due today by 5 p.m. at the oflicc
of the Scholarship Secretary,
Room 111-F. it was announced by
the Registrar's office.
