# ALL-TIME ALL-STARS
## 
### 
Don Liebendorfer picks his ail
time, all - star Stanford baseball
team. He chose three members of
last year's CIBA and PCC cham
pions: Bob Murphy, Jack Shepard,
and Chuck Essegian. The team:
Catcher—Shepard. Pitchers—Dan
Johnson, Ernie Nevers, Joe Chez,
Dave Dahle, and Murphy. First
base — Dick Clegg. Second base —
Vince Philippi. Third base—Dykes
Johnson. Shortstop — Bert Delmas.
Outfield—Lloyd Mer riman, Charlie
Cole, and Essegian.
Don Liebendorfer picks his ail
time, all - star Stanford baseball
team. He chose three members of
last year's CIBA and PCC cham
pions: Bob Murphy, Jack Shepard,
and Chuck Essegian. The team:
Catcher—Shepard. Pitchers—Dan
Johnson, Ernie Nevers, Joe Chez,
Dave Dahle, and Murphy. First
base — Dick Clegg. Second base —
Vince Philippi. Third base—Dykes
Johnson. Shortstop — Bert Delmas.
Outfield—Lloyd Mer riman, Charlie
Cole, and Essegian.
Don Liebendorfer picks his ail
time, all - star Stanford baseball
team. He chose three members of
last year's CIBA and PCC cham
pions: Bob Murphy, Jack Shepard,
and Chuck Essegian. The team:
Catcher—Shepard. Pitchers—Dan
Johnson, Ernie Nevers, Joe Chez,
Dave Dahle, and Murphy. First
base — Dick Clegg. Second base —
Vince Philippi. Third base—Dykes
Johnson. Shortstop — Bert Delmas.
Outfield—Lloyd Mer riman, Charlie
Cole, and Essegian.
Don Liebendorfer picks his ail
time, all - star Stanford baseball
team. He chose three members of
last year's CIBA and PCC cham
pions: Bob Murphy, Jack Shepard,
and Chuck Essegian. The team:
Catcher—Shepard. Pitchers—Dan
Johnson, Ernie Nevers, Joe Chez,
Dave Dahle, and Murphy. First
base — Dick Clegg. Second base —
Vince Philippi. Third base—Dykes
Johnson. Shortstop — Bert Delmas.
Outfield—Lloyd Mer riman, Charlie
Cole, and Essegian.
Don Liebendorfer picks his ail
time, all - star Stanford baseball
team. He chose three members of
last year's CIBA and PCC cham
pions: Bob Murphy, Jack Shepard,
and Chuck Essegian. The team:
Catcher—Shepard. Pitchers—Dan
Johnson, Ernie Nevers, Joe Chez,
Dave Dahle, and Murphy. First
base — Dick Clegg. Second base —
Vince Philippi. Third base—Dykes
Johnson. Shortstop — Bert Delmas.
Outfield—Lloyd Mer riman, Charlie
Cole, and Essegian.
Don Liebendorfer picks his ail
time, all - star Stanford baseball
team. He chose three members of
last year's CIBA and PCC cham
pions: Bob Murphy, Jack Shepard,
and Chuck Essegian. The team:
Catcher—Shepard. Pitchers—Dan
Johnson, Ernie Nevers, Joe Chez,
Dave Dahle, and Murphy. First
base — Dick Clegg. Second base —
Vince Philippi. Third base—Dykes
Johnson. Shortstop — Bert Delmas.
Outfield—Lloyd Mer riman, Charlie
Cole, and Essegian.
Don Liebendorfer picks his ail
time, all - star Stanford baseball
team. He chose three members of
last year's CIBA and PCC cham
pions: Bob Murphy, Jack Shepard,
and Chuck Essegian. The team:
Catcher—Shepard. Pitchers—Dan
Johnson, Ernie Nevers, Joe Chez,
Dave Dahle, and Murphy. First
base — Dick Clegg. Second base —
Vince Philippi. Third base—Dykes
Johnson. Shortstop — Bert Delmas.
Outfield—Lloyd Mer riman, Charlie
Cole, and Essegian.
Don Liebendorfer picks his ail
time, all - star Stanford baseball
team. He chose three members of
last year's CIBA and PCC cham
pions: Bob Murphy, Jack Shepard,
and Chuck Essegian. The team:
Catcher—Shepard. Pitchers—Dan
Johnson, Ernie Nevers, Joe Chez,
Dave Dahle, and Murphy. First
base — Dick Clegg. Second base —
Vince Philippi. Third base—Dykes
Johnson. Shortstop — Bert Delmas.
Outfield—Lloyd Mer riman, Charlie
Cole, and Essegian.
Don Liebendorfer picks his ail
time, all - star Stanford baseball
team. He chose three members of
last year's CIBA and PCC cham
pions: Bob Murphy, Jack Shepard,
and Chuck Essegian. The team:
Catcher—Shepard. Pitchers—Dan
Johnson, Ernie Nevers, Joe Chez,
Dave Dahle, and Murphy. First
base — Dick Clegg. Second base —
Vince Philippi. Third base—Dykes
Johnson. Shortstop — Bert Delmas.
Outfield—Lloyd Mer riman, Charlie
Cole, and Essegian.
Don Liebendorfer picks his ail
time, all - star Stanford baseball
team. He chose three members of
last year's CIBA and PCC cham
pions: Bob Murphy, Jack Shepard,
and Chuck Essegian. The team:
Catcher—Shepard. Pitchers—Dan
Johnson, Ernie Nevers, Joe Chez,
Dave Dahle, and Murphy. First
base — Dick Clegg. Second base —
Vince Philippi. Third base—Dykes
Johnson. Shortstop — Bert Delmas.
Outfield—Lloyd Mer riman, Charlie
Cole, and Essegian.
Don Liebendorfer picks his ail
time, all - star Stanford baseball
team. He chose three members of
last year's CIBA and PCC cham
pions: Bob Murphy, Jack Shepard,
and Chuck Essegian. The team:
Catcher—Shepard. Pitchers—Dan
Johnson, Ernie Nevers, Joe Chez,
Dave Dahle, and Murphy. First
base — Dick Clegg. Second base —
Vince Philippi. Third base—Dykes
Johnson. Shortstop — Bert Delmas.
Outfield—Lloyd Mer riman, Charlie
Cole, and Essegian.
Don Liebendorfer picks his ail
time, all - star Stanford baseball
team. He chose three members of
last year's CIBA and PCC cham
pions: Bob Murphy, Jack Shepard,
and Chuck Essegian. The team:
Catcher—Shepard. Pitchers—Dan
Johnson, Ernie Nevers, Joe Chez,
Dave Dahle, and Murphy. First
base — Dick Clegg. Second base —
Vince Philippi. Third base—Dykes
Johnson. Shortstop — Bert Delmas.
Outfield—Lloyd Mer riman, Charlie
Cole, and Essegian.
Don Liebendorfer picks his ail
time, all - star Stanford baseball
team. He chose three members of
last year's CIBA and PCC cham
pions: Bob Murphy, Jack Shepard,
and Chuck Essegian. The team:
Catcher—Shepard. Pitchers—Dan
Johnson, Ernie Nevers, Joe Chez,
Dave Dahle, and Murphy. First
base — Dick Clegg. Second base —
Vince Philippi. Third base—Dykes
Johnson. Shortstop — Bert Delmas.
Outfield—Lloyd Mer riman, Charlie
Cole, and Essegian.
Don Liebendorfer picks his ail
time, all - star Stanford baseball
team. He chose three members of
last year's CIBA and PCC cham
pions: Bob Murphy, Jack Shepard,
and Chuck Essegian. The team:
Catcher—Shepard. Pitchers—Dan
Johnson, Ernie Nevers, Joe Chez,
Dave Dahle, and Murphy. First
base — Dick Clegg. Second base —
Vince Philippi. Third base—Dykes
Johnson. Shortstop — Bert Delmas.
Outfield—Lloyd Mer riman, Charlie
Cole, and Essegian.
