# Slides, Discussion Show Life Abroad
## 
### 
Discussion and slides on family
life abroad will be featured to
night in the lounge of Hurlburt
House as part of the Experiment
in International Living program.
Stanford students who spent sum
mers abroad as part of the Exper
iment will relate their experi
ences at 8 p.m.
Slides of Germany, Switzerland
and the Scandinavian countries
will illustrate the discussion of
life abroad.
Student speakers are John Van
de Kamp, Denmark; Mary Anna
Watanabe, Sweden; Karen Erick
son, Finland; Judy Howell and
Martha Fargo, Germany, and
Mary Jane Havens, Switzerland.
The Experiment is a program
enabling American students to
live abroad with foreign families.
