# Under the Weather
## 
### 
Men's Rest Home: John Clark,
William Corbus, Richard Laing,
George Rayficld, Rom Schott.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Bay
less, W. D*. Bennett, Joseph Can
ni/.zaro. Joyce Denebrink, Robert
Loft, Thomas Mein. Robert Sto
ver.
Women's Rest Home: Barbara
Buhrkoop, Sally Drinker, Joanne
Moise, Anne Smoyer, Ann Stein
baugh.
Men's Rest Home: John Clark,
William Corbus, Richard Laing,
George Rayficld, Rom Schott.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Bay
less, W. D*. Bennett, Joseph Can
ni/.zaro. Joyce Denebrink, Robert
Loft, Thomas Mein. Robert Sto
ver.
Women's Rest Home: Barbara
Buhrkoop, Sally Drinker, Joanne
Moise, Anne Smoyer, Ann Stein
baugh.
Men's Rest Home: John Clark,
William Corbus, Richard Laing,
George Rayficld, Rom Schott.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Bay
less, W. D*. Bennett, Joseph Can
ni/.zaro. Joyce Denebrink, Robert
Loft, Thomas Mein. Robert Sto
ver.
Women's Rest Home: Barbara
Buhrkoop, Sally Drinker, Joanne
Moise, Anne Smoyer, Ann Stein
baugh.
Men's Rest Home: John Clark,
William Corbus, Richard Laing,
George Rayficld, Rom Schott.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Bay
less, W. D*. Bennett, Joseph Can
ni/.zaro. Joyce Denebrink, Robert
Loft, Thomas Mein. Robert Sto
ver.
Women's Rest Home: Barbara
Buhrkoop, Sally Drinker, Joanne
Moise, Anne Smoyer, Ann Stein
baugh.
Men's Rest Home: John Clark,
William Corbus, Richard Laing,
George Rayficld, Rom Schott.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Bay
less, W. D*. Bennett, Joseph Can
ni/.zaro. Joyce Denebrink, Robert
Loft, Thomas Mein. Robert Sto
ver.
Women's Rest Home: Barbara
Buhrkoop, Sally Drinker, Joanne
Moise, Anne Smoyer, Ann Stein
baugh.
Men's Rest Home: John Clark,
William Corbus, Richard Laing,
George Rayficld, Rom Schott.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Bay
less, W. D*. Bennett, Joseph Can
ni/.zaro. Joyce Denebrink, Robert
Loft, Thomas Mein. Robert Sto
ver.
Women's Rest Home: Barbara
Buhrkoop, Sally Drinker, Joanne
Moise, Anne Smoyer, Ann Stein
baugh.
Men's Rest Home: John Clark,
William Corbus, Richard Laing,
George Rayficld, Rom Schott.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Bay
less, W. D*. Bennett, Joseph Can
ni/.zaro. Joyce Denebrink, Robert
Loft, Thomas Mein. Robert Sto
ver.
Women's Rest Home: Barbara
Buhrkoop, Sally Drinker, Joanne
Moise, Anne Smoyer, Ann Stein
baugh.
Men's Rest Home: John Clark,
William Corbus, Richard Laing,
George Rayficld, Rom Schott.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Bay
less, W. D*. Bennett, Joseph Can
ni/.zaro. Joyce Denebrink, Robert
Loft, Thomas Mein. Robert Sto
ver.
Women's Rest Home: Barbara
Buhrkoop, Sally Drinker, Joanne
Moise, Anne Smoyer, Ann Stein
baugh.
Men's Rest Home: John Clark,
William Corbus, Richard Laing,
George Rayficld, Rom Schott.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Bay
less, W. D*. Bennett, Joseph Can
ni/.zaro. Joyce Denebrink, Robert
Loft, Thomas Mein. Robert Sto
ver.
Women's Rest Home: Barbara
Buhrkoop, Sally Drinker, Joanne
Moise, Anne Smoyer, Ann Stein
baugh.
Men's Rest Home: John Clark,
William Corbus, Richard Laing,
George Rayficld, Rom Schott.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Bay
less, W. D*. Bennett, Joseph Can
ni/.zaro. Joyce Denebrink, Robert
Loft, Thomas Mein. Robert Sto
ver.
Women's Rest Home: Barbara
Buhrkoop, Sally Drinker, Joanne
Moise, Anne Smoyer, Ann Stein
baugh.
Men's Rest Home: John Clark,
William Corbus, Richard Laing,
George Rayficld, Rom Schott.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Bay
less, W. D*. Bennett, Joseph Can
ni/.zaro. Joyce Denebrink, Robert
Loft, Thomas Mein. Robert Sto
ver.
Women's Rest Home: Barbara
Buhrkoop, Sally Drinker, Joanne
Moise, Anne Smoyer, Ann Stein
baugh.
Men's Rest Home: John Clark,
William Corbus, Richard Laing,
George Rayficld, Rom Schott.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Bay
less, W. D*. Bennett, Joseph Can
ni/.zaro. Joyce Denebrink, Robert
Loft, Thomas Mein. Robert Sto
ver.
Women's Rest Home: Barbara
Buhrkoop, Sally Drinker, Joanne
Moise, Anne Smoyer, Ann Stein
baugh.
Men's Rest Home: John Clark,
William Corbus, Richard Laing,
George Rayficld, Rom Schott.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Bay
less, W. D*. Bennett, Joseph Can
ni/.zaro. Joyce Denebrink, Robert
Loft, Thomas Mein. Robert Sto
ver.
Women's Rest Home: Barbara
Buhrkoop, Sally Drinker, Joanne
Moise, Anne Smoyer, Ann Stein
baugh.
Men's Rest Home: John Clark,
William Corbus, Richard Laing,
George Rayficld, Rom Schott.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Bay
less, W. D*. Bennett, Joseph Can
ni/.zaro. Joyce Denebrink, Robert
Loft, Thomas Mein. Robert Sto
ver.
Women's Rest Home: Barbara
Buhrkoop, Sally Drinker, Joanne
Moise, Anne Smoyer, Ann Stein
baugh.
Men's Rest Home: John Clark,
William Corbus, Richard Laing,
George Rayficld, Rom Schott.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Bay
less, W. D*. Bennett, Joseph Can
ni/.zaro. Joyce Denebrink, Robert
Loft, Thomas Mein. Robert Sto
ver.
Women's Rest Home: Barbara
Buhrkoop, Sally Drinker, Joanne
Moise, Anne Smoyer, Ann Stein
baugh.
Men's Rest Home: John Clark,
William Corbus, Richard Laing,
George Rayficld, Rom Schott.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Bay
less, W. D*. Bennett, Joseph Can
ni/.zaro. Joyce Denebrink, Robert
Loft, Thomas Mein. Robert Sto
ver.
Women's Rest Home: Barbara
Buhrkoop, Sally Drinker, Joanne
Moise, Anne Smoyer, Ann Stein
baugh.
