# Rally To Be Held Thursday.
## 
### 
The open-air rally which will he
held in honor of Saturday's victory
has been announced by Yell-Leader
Cuuha f<»r Thursday evening of this
week. The rally will take place on
the baseball diamond, and will con
sist of a bonfire, serpentine, and a
celebration in honor of the score
and of the men who helped to make
it.
The open-air rally which will he
held in honor of Saturday's victory
has been announced by Yell-Leader
Cuuha f<»r Thursday evening of this
week. The rally will take place on
the baseball diamond, and will con
sist of a bonfire, serpentine, and a
celebration in honor of the score
and of the men who helped to make
it.
The open-air rally which will he
held in honor of Saturday's victory
has been announced by Yell-Leader
Cuuha f<»r Thursday evening of this
week. The rally will take place on
the baseball diamond, and will con
sist of a bonfire, serpentine, and a
celebration in honor of the score
and of the men who helped to make
it.
The open-air rally which will he
held in honor of Saturday's victory
has been announced by Yell-Leader
Cuuha f<»r Thursday evening of this
week. The rally will take place on
the baseball diamond, and will con
sist of a bonfire, serpentine, and a
celebration in honor of the score
and of the men who helped to make
it.
The open-air rally which will he
held in honor of Saturday's victory
has been announced by Yell-Leader
Cuuha f<»r Thursday evening of this
week. The rally will take place on
the baseball diamond, and will con
sist of a bonfire, serpentine, and a
celebration in honor of the score
and of the men who helped to make
it.
The open-air rally which will he
held in honor of Saturday's victory
has been announced by Yell-Leader
Cuuha f<»r Thursday evening of this
week. The rally will take place on
the baseball diamond, and will con
sist of a bonfire, serpentine, and a
celebration in honor of the score
and of the men who helped to make
it.
The open-air rally which will he
held in honor of Saturday's victory
has been announced by Yell-Leader
Cuuha f<»r Thursday evening of this
week. The rally will take place on
the baseball diamond, and will con
sist of a bonfire, serpentine, and a
celebration in honor of the score
and of the men who helped to make
it.
The open-air rally which will he
held in honor of Saturday's victory
has been announced by Yell-Leader
Cuuha f<»r Thursday evening of this
week. The rally will take place on
the baseball diamond, and will con
sist of a bonfire, serpentine, and a
celebration in honor of the score
and of the men who helped to make
it.
The open-air rally which will he
held in honor of Saturday's victory
has been announced by Yell-Leader
Cuuha f<»r Thursday evening of this
week. The rally will take place on
the baseball diamond, and will con
sist of a bonfire, serpentine, and a
celebration in honor of the score
and of the men who helped to make
it.
