# Sport shorts
## 
### 
Baseball The Stanford base
ball team will begin its 1992
campaign with the annual
alumni game tomorrow.
Pencilled in on the alum
ni's roster are Oakland A's
fireman Steve Chitren, Ori
ole rookie phenom Mike
Mussina, and Ryan Turner,
who became the first player
ever to be signed by the Col
orado Rockies. Their team
mates will include Oriole Jeff
Ballard, Toronto's Ed
Sprague, Yankee Brian John
son and journeyman Mike
Aldrete.
Action will get underway at
noon beginning with an old
timers' game followed by a
nine-inning battle between a
team of former and current
professional baseball players
and the '92 Cardinal.
Baseball The Stanford base
ball team will begin its 1992
campaign with the annual
alumni game tomorrow.
Pencilled in on the alum
ni's roster are Oakland A's
fireman Steve Chitren, Ori
ole rookie phenom Mike
Mussina, and Ryan Turner,
who became the first player
ever to be signed by the Col
orado Rockies. Their team
mates will include Oriole Jeff
Ballard, Toronto's Ed
Sprague, Yankee Brian John
son and journeyman Mike
Aldrete.
Action will get underway at
noon beginning with an old
timers' game followed by a
nine-inning battle between a
team of former and current
professional baseball players
and the '92 Cardinal.
Baseball The Stanford base
ball team will begin its 1992
campaign with the annual
alumni game tomorrow.
Pencilled in on the alum
ni's roster are Oakland A's
fireman Steve Chitren, Ori
ole rookie phenom Mike
Mussina, and Ryan Turner,
who became the first player
ever to be signed by the Col
orado Rockies. Their team
mates will include Oriole Jeff
Ballard, Toronto's Ed
Sprague, Yankee Brian John
son and journeyman Mike
Aldrete.
Action will get underway at
noon beginning with an old
timers' game followed by a
nine-inning battle between a
team of former and current
professional baseball players
and the '92 Cardinal.
Baseball The Stanford base
ball team will begin its 1992
campaign with the annual
alumni game tomorrow.
Pencilled in on the alum
ni's roster are Oakland A's
fireman Steve Chitren, Ori
ole rookie phenom Mike
Mussina, and Ryan Turner,
who became the first player
ever to be signed by the Col
orado Rockies. Their team
mates will include Oriole Jeff
Ballard, Toronto's Ed
Sprague, Yankee Brian John
son and journeyman Mike
Aldrete.
Action will get underway at
noon beginning with an old
timers' game followed by a
nine-inning battle between a
team of former and current
professional baseball players
and the '92 Cardinal.
Baseball The Stanford base
ball team will begin its 1992
campaign with the annual
alumni game tomorrow.
Pencilled in on the alum
ni's roster are Oakland A's
fireman Steve Chitren, Ori
ole rookie phenom Mike
Mussina, and Ryan Turner,
who became the first player
ever to be signed by the Col
orado Rockies. Their team
mates will include Oriole Jeff
Ballard, Toronto's Ed
Sprague, Yankee Brian John
son and journeyman Mike
Aldrete.
Action will get underway at
noon beginning with an old
timers' game followed by a
nine-inning battle between a
team of former and current
professional baseball players
and the '92 Cardinal.
Baseball The Stanford base
ball team will begin its 1992
campaign with the annual
alumni game tomorrow.
Pencilled in on the alum
ni's roster are Oakland A's
fireman Steve Chitren, Ori
ole rookie phenom Mike
Mussina, and Ryan Turner,
who became the first player
ever to be signed by the Col
orado Rockies. Their team
mates will include Oriole Jeff
Ballard, Toronto's Ed
Sprague, Yankee Brian John
son and journeyman Mike
Aldrete.
Action will get underway at
noon beginning with an old
timers' game followed by a
nine-inning battle between a
team of former and current
professional baseball players
and the '92 Cardinal.
Baseball The Stanford base
ball team will begin its 1992
campaign with the annual
alumni game tomorrow.
Pencilled in on the alum
ni's roster are Oakland A's
fireman Steve Chitren, Ori
ole rookie phenom Mike
Mussina, and Ryan Turner,
who became the first player
ever to be signed by the Col
orado Rockies. Their team
mates will include Oriole Jeff
Ballard, Toronto's Ed
Sprague, Yankee Brian John
son and journeyman Mike
Aldrete.
Action will get underway at
noon beginning with an old
timers' game followed by a
nine-inning battle between a
team of former and current
professional baseball players
and the '92 Cardinal.
Baseball The Stanford base
ball team will begin its 1992
campaign with the annual
alumni game tomorrow.
Pencilled in on the alum
ni's roster are Oakland A's
fireman Steve Chitren, Ori
ole rookie phenom Mike
Mussina, and Ryan Turner,
who became the first player
ever to be signed by the Col
orado Rockies. Their team
mates will include Oriole Jeff
Ballard, Toronto's Ed
Sprague, Yankee Brian John
son and journeyman Mike
Aldrete.
Action will get underway at
noon beginning with an old
timers' game followed by a
nine-inning battle between a
team of former and current
professional baseball players
and the '92 Cardinal.
