# Adv. 90 Page 27
## 
### 
THE UNISEX I
CSMNKMPH
$39.95 .
Completely
adjustable
wristband
Casio F-100
Designed in
featherweight black
plastic for the male or
female athlete. Shows
time, date and day in
black liquid crystal
digits. Complete
stopwatch to 1100
second with splits, lap
time, time out. automatic
startover after 60
minutes.
The Casino F-10U is the
perfect second watch, or
a great gift. Comes with
long life battery,
instructions, one year
factory warranty, and
return privilege. Mail it
back for full refund if not
absolutely delighted.
Quartz movement is
accurate to 180 seconds a
year. Shock and water
resistant. Not
recommended for
swimming.
Please send check for
$:J9.95 (add 2.40 tax in
CA). But order now for
prompt shipment.
CALL OR WRITE:
iSffl Dorado Trading Group
708 Ames Ave
Palo Alto, CA 94303
(415) 494-1995
