# Daily columnists
## 
### 
Anyone interested in being a
Daily columnist beginning this
fall should contact editor, Craig
Dennis or managing editor, Bill
Burger early in the quarter.
Please submit a sample column
no longer than BO lines typed,
double spaced, on a 57-space
line. The Daily welcomes diverse
opinions of either a serious or
humorous nature.
Anyone interested in being a
Daily columnist beginning this
fall should contact editor, Craig
Dennis or managing editor, Bill
Burger early in the quarter.
Please submit a sample column
no longer than BO lines typed,
double spaced, on a 57-space
line. The Daily welcomes diverse
opinions of either a serious or
humorous nature.
Anyone interested in being a
Daily columnist beginning this
fall should contact editor, Craig
Dennis or managing editor, Bill
Burger early in the quarter.
Please submit a sample column
no longer than BO lines typed,
double spaced, on a 57-space
line. The Daily welcomes diverse
opinions of either a serious or
humorous nature.
Anyone interested in being a
Daily columnist beginning this
fall should contact editor, Craig
Dennis or managing editor, Bill
Burger early in the quarter.
Please submit a sample column
no longer than BO lines typed,
double spaced, on a 57-space
line. The Daily welcomes diverse
opinions of either a serious or
humorous nature.
Anyone interested in being a
Daily columnist beginning this
fall should contact editor, Craig
Dennis or managing editor, Bill
Burger early in the quarter.
Please submit a sample column
no longer than BO lines typed,
double spaced, on a 57-space
line. The Daily welcomes diverse
opinions of either a serious or
humorous nature.
Anyone interested in being a
Daily columnist beginning this
fall should contact editor, Craig
Dennis or managing editor, Bill
Burger early in the quarter.
Please submit a sample column
no longer than BO lines typed,
double spaced, on a 57-space
line. The Daily welcomes diverse
opinions of either a serious or
humorous nature.
Anyone interested in being a
Daily columnist beginning this
fall should contact editor, Craig
Dennis or managing editor, Bill
Burger early in the quarter.
Please submit a sample column
no longer than BO lines typed,
double spaced, on a 57-space
line. The Daily welcomes diverse
opinions of either a serious or
humorous nature.
Anyone interested in being a
Daily columnist beginning this
fall should contact editor, Craig
Dennis or managing editor, Bill
Burger early in the quarter.
Please submit a sample column
no longer than BO lines typed,
double spaced, on a 57-space
line. The Daily welcomes diverse
opinions of either a serious or
humorous nature.
