# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Hal Mikelson graduated Phi Beta Kappa
from Stanford in 1971. In addition to his
work with the Band he served on the ASSU
Council of Presidents, in the ASSU Senate
and in Legislature of the Associated Su
dents of Stanford University (LASSU), a
now defunct relative of the Senate. He is
also a graduate of Harvard Law School and
now works as a lawyer in San Francisco.
I.
Hal Mikelson graduated Phi Beta Kappa
from Stanford in 1971. In addition to his
work with the Band he served on the ASSU
Council of Presidents, in the ASSU Senate
and in Legislature of the Associated Su
dents of Stanford University (LASSU), a
now defunct relative of the Senate. He is
also a graduate of Harvard Law School and
now works as a lawyer in San Francisco.
I.
Hal Mikelson graduated Phi Beta Kappa
from Stanford in 1971. In addition to his
work with the Band he served on the ASSU
Council of Presidents, in the ASSU Senate
and in Legislature of the Associated Su
dents of Stanford University (LASSU), a
now defunct relative of the Senate. He is
also a graduate of Harvard Law School and
now works as a lawyer in San Francisco.
I.
Hal Mikelson graduated Phi Beta Kappa
from Stanford in 1971. In addition to his
work with the Band he served on the ASSU
Council of Presidents, in the ASSU Senate
and in Legislature of the Associated Su
dents of Stanford University (LASSU), a
now defunct relative of the Senate. He is
also a graduate of Harvard Law School and
now works as a lawyer in San Francisco.
I.
Hal Mikelson graduated Phi Beta Kappa
from Stanford in 1971. In addition to his
work with the Band he served on the ASSU
Council of Presidents, in the ASSU Senate
and in Legislature of the Associated Su
dents of Stanford University (LASSU), a
now defunct relative of the Senate. He is
also a graduate of Harvard Law School and
now works as a lawyer in San Francisco.
I.
Hal Mikelson graduated Phi Beta Kappa
from Stanford in 1971. In addition to his
work with the Band he served on the ASSU
Council of Presidents, in the ASSU Senate
and in Legislature of the Associated Su
dents of Stanford University (LASSU), a
now defunct relative of the Senate. He is
also a graduate of Harvard Law School and
now works as a lawyer in San Francisco.
I.
Hal Mikelson graduated Phi Beta Kappa
from Stanford in 1971. In addition to his
work with the Band he served on the ASSU
Council of Presidents, in the ASSU Senate
and in Legislature of the Associated Su
dents of Stanford University (LASSU), a
now defunct relative of the Senate. He is
also a graduate of Harvard Law School and
now works as a lawyer in San Francisco.
I.
Hal Mikelson graduated Phi Beta Kappa
from Stanford in 1971. In addition to his
work with the Band he served on the ASSU
Council of Presidents, in the ASSU Senate
and in Legislature of the Associated Su
dents of Stanford University (LASSU), a
now defunct relative of the Senate. He is
also a graduate of Harvard Law School and
now works as a lawyer in San Francisco.
I.
