# THE 						WAR IN BRIEF
## 
### United Press 
STOCKHOLM—A German force
advancing eastward reported
within three miles of Sweden and
on the verge of cutting Norway in
half in the Trondheim region.
BERLlN—Germany claims land,
sea and air successes in Norway,
charges British with killing Nor
wegian civilians in bombing Stav
anger and reports the sinking of
a 10,000-ton British cruiser and
the destruction of three British
aircraft. German spokesman
threatens "new phase" of war in
volving attacks on the "heart of
England" from Norwegian bases.
LONDON—Chamberlain prom
ises that "mad dog" Germany will
be driven from Norway and de
stroyed; Allies study plan to ra
tion Italian imports as relations
with Italy apparently grow worse;
Air Ministry announces seventh
raid on the German air base at
Stavanger.
PAKlS—Premier Rcynaud tells
Senate the Allies have won a
"smashing victory" over German
naval forces in Norway in which
the German navy "really was mu
tilated," and that the Allies now
hold Narvik.
STOCKHOLM—A German force
advancing eastward reported
within three miles of Sweden and
on the verge of cutting Norway in
half in the Trondheim region.
BERLlN—Germany claims land,
sea and air successes in Norway,
charges British with killing Nor
wegian civilians in bombing Stav
anger and reports the sinking of
a 10,000-ton British cruiser and
the destruction of three British
aircraft. German spokesman
threatens "new phase" of war in
volving attacks on the "heart of
England" from Norwegian bases.
LONDON—Chamberlain prom
ises that "mad dog" Germany will
be driven from Norway and de
stroyed; Allies study plan to ra
tion Italian imports as relations
with Italy apparently grow worse;
Air Ministry announces seventh
raid on the German air base at
Stavanger.
PAKlS—Premier Rcynaud tells
Senate the Allies have won a
"smashing victory" over German
naval forces in Norway in which
the German navy "really was mu
tilated," and that the Allies now
hold Narvik.
STOCKHOLM—A German force
advancing eastward reported
within three miles of Sweden and
on the verge of cutting Norway in
half in the Trondheim region.
BERLlN—Germany claims land,
sea and air successes in Norway,
charges British with killing Nor
wegian civilians in bombing Stav
anger and reports the sinking of
a 10,000-ton British cruiser and
the destruction of three British
aircraft. German spokesman
threatens "new phase" of war in
volving attacks on the "heart of
England" from Norwegian bases.
LONDON—Chamberlain prom
ises that "mad dog" Germany will
be driven from Norway and de
stroyed; Allies study plan to ra
tion Italian imports as relations
with Italy apparently grow worse;
Air Ministry announces seventh
raid on the German air base at
Stavanger.
PAKlS—Premier Rcynaud tells
Senate the Allies have won a
"smashing victory" over German
naval forces in Norway in which
the German navy "really was mu
tilated," and that the Allies now
hold Narvik.
STOCKHOLM—A German force
advancing eastward reported
within three miles of Sweden and
on the verge of cutting Norway in
half in the Trondheim region.
BERLlN—Germany claims land,
sea and air successes in Norway,
charges British with killing Nor
wegian civilians in bombing Stav
anger and reports the sinking of
a 10,000-ton British cruiser and
the destruction of three British
aircraft. German spokesman
threatens "new phase" of war in
volving attacks on the "heart of
England" from Norwegian bases.
LONDON—Chamberlain prom
ises that "mad dog" Germany will
be driven from Norway and de
stroyed; Allies study plan to ra
tion Italian imports as relations
with Italy apparently grow worse;
Air Ministry announces seventh
raid on the German air base at
Stavanger.
PAKlS—Premier Rcynaud tells
Senate the Allies have won a
"smashing victory" over German
naval forces in Norway in which
the German navy "really was mu
tilated," and that the Allies now
hold Narvik.
STOCKHOLM—A German force
advancing eastward reported
within three miles of Sweden and
on the verge of cutting Norway in
half in the Trondheim region.
BERLlN—Germany claims land,
sea and air successes in Norway,
charges British with killing Nor
wegian civilians in bombing Stav
anger and reports the sinking of
a 10,000-ton British cruiser and
the destruction of three British
aircraft. German spokesman
threatens "new phase" of war in
volving attacks on the "heart of
England" from Norwegian bases.
LONDON—Chamberlain prom
ises that "mad dog" Germany will
be driven from Norway and de
stroyed; Allies study plan to ra
tion Italian imports as relations
with Italy apparently grow worse;
Air Ministry announces seventh
raid on the German air base at
Stavanger.
PAKlS—Premier Rcynaud tells
Senate the Allies have won a
"smashing victory" over German
naval forces in Norway in which
the German navy "really was mu
tilated," and that the Allies now
hold Narvik.
STOCKHOLM—A German force
advancing eastward reported
within three miles of Sweden and
on the verge of cutting Norway in
half in the Trondheim region.
BERLlN—Germany claims land,
sea and air successes in Norway,
charges British with killing Nor
wegian civilians in bombing Stav
anger and reports the sinking of
a 10,000-ton British cruiser and
the destruction of three British
aircraft. German spokesman
threatens "new phase" of war in
volving attacks on the "heart of
England" from Norwegian bases.
LONDON—Chamberlain prom
ises that "mad dog" Germany will
be driven from Norway and de
stroyed; Allies study plan to ra
tion Italian imports as relations
with Italy apparently grow worse;
Air Ministry announces seventh
raid on the German air base at
Stavanger.
PAKlS—Premier Rcynaud tells
Senate the Allies have won a
"smashing victory" over German
naval forces in Norway in which
the German navy "really was mu
tilated," and that the Allies now
hold Narvik.
STOCKHOLM—A German force
advancing eastward reported
within three miles of Sweden and
on the verge of cutting Norway in
half in the Trondheim region.
BERLlN—Germany claims land,
sea and air successes in Norway,
charges British with killing Nor
wegian civilians in bombing Stav
anger and reports the sinking of
a 10,000-ton British cruiser and
the destruction of three British
aircraft. German spokesman
threatens "new phase" of war in
volving attacks on the "heart of
England" from Norwegian bases.
LONDON—Chamberlain prom
ises that "mad dog" Germany will
be driven from Norway and de
stroyed; Allies study plan to ra
tion Italian imports as relations
with Italy apparently grow worse;
Air Ministry announces seventh
raid on the German air base at
Stavanger.
PAKlS—Premier Rcynaud tells
Senate the Allies have won a
"smashing victory" over German
naval forces in Norway in which
the German navy "really was mu
tilated," and that the Allies now
hold Narvik.
STOCKHOLM—A German force
advancing eastward reported
within three miles of Sweden and
on the verge of cutting Norway in
half in the Trondheim region.
BERLlN—Germany claims land,
sea and air successes in Norway,
charges British with killing Nor
wegian civilians in bombing Stav
anger and reports the sinking of
a 10,000-ton British cruiser and
the destruction of three British
aircraft. German spokesman
threatens "new phase" of war in
volving attacks on the "heart of
England" from Norwegian bases.
LONDON—Chamberlain prom
ises that "mad dog" Germany will
be driven from Norway and de
stroyed; Allies study plan to ra
tion Italian imports as relations
with Italy apparently grow worse;
Air Ministry announces seventh
raid on the German air base at
Stavanger.
PAKlS—Premier Rcynaud tells
Senate the Allies have won a
"smashing victory" over German
naval forces in Norway in which
the German navy "really was mu
tilated," and that the Allies now
hold Narvik.
STOCKHOLM—A German force
advancing eastward reported
within three miles of Sweden and
on the verge of cutting Norway in
half in the Trondheim region.
BERLlN—Germany claims land,
sea and air successes in Norway,
charges British with killing Nor
wegian civilians in bombing Stav
anger and reports the sinking of
a 10,000-ton British cruiser and
the destruction of three British
aircraft. German spokesman
threatens "new phase" of war in
volving attacks on the "heart of
England" from Norwegian bases.
LONDON—Chamberlain prom
ises that "mad dog" Germany will
be driven from Norway and de
stroyed; Allies study plan to ra
tion Italian imports as relations
with Italy apparently grow worse;
Air Ministry announces seventh
raid on the German air base at
Stavanger.
PAKlS—Premier Rcynaud tells
Senate the Allies have won a
"smashing victory" over German
naval forces in Norway in which
the German navy "really was mu
tilated," and that the Allies now
hold Narvik.
STOCKHOLM—A German force
advancing eastward reported
within three miles of Sweden and
on the verge of cutting Norway in
half in the Trondheim region.
BERLlN—Germany claims land,
sea and air successes in Norway,
charges British with killing Nor
wegian civilians in bombing Stav
anger and reports the sinking of
a 10,000-ton British cruiser and
the destruction of three British
aircraft. German spokesman
threatens "new phase" of war in
volving attacks on the "heart of
England" from Norwegian bases.
LONDON—Chamberlain prom
ises that "mad dog" Germany will
be driven from Norway and de
stroyed; Allies study plan to ra
tion Italian imports as relations
with Italy apparently grow worse;
Air Ministry announces seventh
raid on the German air base at
Stavanger.
PAKlS—Premier Rcynaud tells
Senate the Allies have won a
"smashing victory" over German
naval forces in Norway in which
the German navy "really was mu
tilated," and that the Allies now
hold Narvik.
STOCKHOLM—A German force
advancing eastward reported
within three miles of Sweden and
on the verge of cutting Norway in
half in the Trondheim region.
BERLlN—Germany claims land,
sea and air successes in Norway,
charges British with killing Nor
wegian civilians in bombing Stav
anger and reports the sinking of
a 10,000-ton British cruiser and
the destruction of three British
aircraft. German spokesman
threatens "new phase" of war in
volving attacks on the "heart of
England" from Norwegian bases.
LONDON—Chamberlain prom
ises that "mad dog" Germany will
be driven from Norway and de
stroyed; Allies study plan to ra
tion Italian imports as relations
with Italy apparently grow worse;
Air Ministry announces seventh
raid on the German air base at
Stavanger.
PAKlS—Premier Rcynaud tells
Senate the Allies have won a
"smashing victory" over German
naval forces in Norway in which
the German navy "really was mu
tilated," and that the Allies now
hold Narvik.
STOCKHOLM—A German force
advancing eastward reported
within three miles of Sweden and
on the verge of cutting Norway in
half in the Trondheim region.
BERLlN—Germany claims land,
sea and air successes in Norway,
charges British with killing Nor
wegian civilians in bombing Stav
anger and reports the sinking of
a 10,000-ton British cruiser and
the destruction of three British
aircraft. German spokesman
threatens "new phase" of war in
volving attacks on the "heart of
England" from Norwegian bases.
LONDON—Chamberlain prom
ises that "mad dog" Germany will
be driven from Norway and de
stroyed; Allies study plan to ra
tion Italian imports as relations
with Italy apparently grow worse;
Air Ministry announces seventh
raid on the German air base at
Stavanger.
PAKlS—Premier Rcynaud tells
Senate the Allies have won a
"smashing victory" over German
naval forces in Norway in which
the German navy "really was mu
tilated," and that the Allies now
hold Narvik.
STOCKHOLM—A German force
advancing eastward reported
within three miles of Sweden and
on the verge of cutting Norway in
half in the Trondheim region.
BERLlN—Germany claims land,
sea and air successes in Norway,
charges British with killing Nor
wegian civilians in bombing Stav
anger and reports the sinking of
a 10,000-ton British cruiser and
the destruction of three British
aircraft. German spokesman
threatens "new phase" of war in
volving attacks on the "heart of
England" from Norwegian bases.
LONDON—Chamberlain prom
ises that "mad dog" Germany will
be driven from Norway and de
stroyed; Allies study plan to ra
tion Italian imports as relations
with Italy apparently grow worse;
Air Ministry announces seventh
raid on the German air base at
Stavanger.
PAKlS—Premier Rcynaud tells
Senate the Allies have won a
"smashing victory" over German
naval forces in Norway in which
the German navy "really was mu
tilated," and that the Allies now
hold Narvik.
STOCKHOLM—A German force
advancing eastward reported
within three miles of Sweden and
on the verge of cutting Norway in
half in the Trondheim region.
BERLlN—Germany claims land,
sea and air successes in Norway,
charges British with killing Nor
wegian civilians in bombing Stav
anger and reports the sinking of
a 10,000-ton British cruiser and
the destruction of three British
aircraft. German spokesman
threatens "new phase" of war in
volving attacks on the "heart of
England" from Norwegian bases.
LONDON—Chamberlain prom
ises that "mad dog" Germany will
be driven from Norway and de
stroyed; Allies study plan to ra
tion Italian imports as relations
with Italy apparently grow worse;
Air Ministry announces seventh
raid on the German air base at
Stavanger.
PAKlS—Premier Rcynaud tells
Senate the Allies have won a
"smashing victory" over German
naval forces in Norway in which
the German navy "really was mu
tilated," and that the Allies now
hold Narvik.
STOCKHOLM—A German force
advancing eastward reported
within three miles of Sweden and
on the verge of cutting Norway in
half in the Trondheim region.
BERLlN—Germany claims land,
sea and air successes in Norway,
charges British with killing Nor
wegian civilians in bombing Stav
anger and reports the sinking of
a 10,000-ton British cruiser and
the destruction of three British
aircraft. German spokesman
threatens "new phase" of war in
volving attacks on the "heart of
England" from Norwegian bases.
LONDON—Chamberlain prom
ises that "mad dog" Germany will
be driven from Norway and de
stroyed; Allies study plan to ra
tion Italian imports as relations
with Italy apparently grow worse;
Air Ministry announces seventh
raid on the German air base at
Stavanger.
PAKlS—Premier Rcynaud tells
Senate the Allies have won a
"smashing victory" over German
naval forces in Norway in which
the German navy "really was mu
tilated," and that the Allies now
hold Narvik.
STOCKHOLM—A German force
advancing eastward reported
within three miles of Sweden and
on the verge of cutting Norway in
half in the Trondheim region.
BERLlN—Germany claims land,
sea and air successes in Norway,
charges British with killing Nor
wegian civilians in bombing Stav
anger and reports the sinking of
a 10,000-ton British cruiser and
the destruction of three British
aircraft. German spokesman
threatens "new phase" of war in
volving attacks on the "heart of
England" from Norwegian bases.
LONDON—Chamberlain prom
ises that "mad dog" Germany will
be driven from Norway and de
stroyed; Allies study plan to ra
tion Italian imports as relations
with Italy apparently grow worse;
Air Ministry announces seventh
raid on the German air base at
Stavanger.
PAKlS—Premier Rcynaud tells
Senate the Allies have won a
"smashing victory" over German
naval forces in Norway in which
the German navy "really was mu
tilated," and that the Allies now
hold Narvik.
STOCKHOLM—A German force
advancing eastward reported
within three miles of Sweden and
on the verge of cutting Norway in
half in the Trondheim region.
BERLlN—Germany claims land,
sea and air successes in Norway,
charges British with killing Nor
wegian civilians in bombing Stav
anger and reports the sinking of
a 10,000-ton British cruiser and
the destruction of three British
aircraft. German spokesman
threatens "new phase" of war in
volving attacks on the "heart of
England" from Norwegian bases.
LONDON—Chamberlain prom
ises that "mad dog" Germany will
be driven from Norway and de
stroyed; Allies study plan to ra
tion Italian imports as relations
with Italy apparently grow worse;
Air Ministry announces seventh
raid on the German air base at
Stavanger.
PAKlS—Premier Rcynaud tells
Senate the Allies have won a
"smashing victory" over German
naval forces in Norway in which
the German navy "really was mu
tilated," and that the Allies now
hold Narvik.
