# SCENE OF GERMAN INVASION
## 
### 

REPORTS FROM EUROPE'S newest battlefield state that Bergen, strategic Norway town on the Atlantic
coast, shown here, has been the scene of hard fighting between Germans opposed by Norse land and sea
forces aided by Allied naval units.

REPORTS FROM EUROPE'S newest battlefield state that Bergen, strategic Norway town on the Atlantic
coast, shown here, has been the scene of hard fighting between Germans opposed by Norse land and sea
forces aided by Allied naval units.

REPORTS FROM EUROPE'S newest battlefield state that Bergen, strategic Norway town on the Atlantic
coast, shown here, has been the scene of hard fighting between Germans opposed by Norse land and sea
forces aided by Allied naval units.

REPORTS FROM EUROPE'S newest battlefield state that Bergen, strategic Norway town on the Atlantic
coast, shown here, has been the scene of hard fighting between Germans opposed by Norse land and sea
forces aided by Allied naval units.

REPORTS FROM EUROPE'S newest battlefield state that Bergen, strategic Norway town on the Atlantic
coast, shown here, has been the scene of hard fighting between Germans opposed by Norse land and sea
forces aided by Allied naval units.

REPORTS FROM EUROPE'S newest battlefield state that Bergen, strategic Norway town on the Atlantic
coast, shown here, has been the scene of hard fighting between Germans opposed by Norse land and sea
forces aided by Allied naval units.

REPORTS FROM EUROPE'S newest battlefield state that Bergen, strategic Norway town on the Atlantic
coast, shown here, has been the scene of hard fighting between Germans opposed by Norse land and sea
forces aided by Allied naval units.

REPORTS FROM EUROPE'S newest battlefield state that Bergen, strategic Norway town on the Atlantic
coast, shown here, has been the scene of hard fighting between Germans opposed by Norse land and sea
forces aided by Allied naval units.

REPORTS FROM EUROPE'S newest battlefield state that Bergen, strategic Norway town on the Atlantic
coast, shown here, has been the scene of hard fighting between Germans opposed by Norse land and sea
forces aided by Allied naval units.

REPORTS FROM EUROPE'S newest battlefield state that Bergen, strategic Norway town on the Atlantic
coast, shown here, has been the scene of hard fighting between Germans opposed by Norse land and sea
forces aided by Allied naval units.

REPORTS FROM EUROPE'S newest battlefield state that Bergen, strategic Norway town on the Atlantic
coast, shown here, has been the scene of hard fighting between Germans opposed by Norse land and sea
forces aided by Allied naval units.

REPORTS FROM EUROPE'S newest battlefield state that Bergen, strategic Norway town on the Atlantic
coast, shown here, has been the scene of hard fighting between Germans opposed by Norse land and sea
forces aided by Allied naval units.

REPORTS FROM EUROPE'S newest battlefield state that Bergen, strategic Norway town on the Atlantic
coast, shown here, has been the scene of hard fighting between Germans opposed by Norse land and sea
forces aided by Allied naval units.

REPORTS FROM EUROPE'S newest battlefield state that Bergen, strategic Norway town on the Atlantic
coast, shown here, has been the scene of hard fighting between Germans opposed by Norse land and sea
forces aided by Allied naval units.

REPORTS FROM EUROPE'S newest battlefield state that Bergen, strategic Norway town on the Atlantic
coast, shown here, has been the scene of hard fighting between Germans opposed by Norse land and sea
forces aided by Allied naval units.

REPORTS FROM EUROPE'S newest battlefield state that Bergen, strategic Norway town on the Atlantic
coast, shown here, has been the scene of hard fighting between Germans opposed by Norse land and sea
forces aided by Allied naval units.

REPORTS FROM EUROPE'S newest battlefield state that Bergen, strategic Norway town on the Atlantic
coast, shown here, has been the scene of hard fighting between Germans opposed by Norse land and sea
forces aided by Allied naval units.
