# Belgrade To Be 'Open City'
## Hungary's Premier Kills Self 
### 
BELGRADE, April 3 (UP).—The
Jugoslav government tonight pro
claimed Belgrade and the largest
provincial centers to he "open
tUies," without military defenses,
after reports of a massing of Ger
man air force units across the
northern frontier.
A government proclamation,
broadcast by radio, said Belgrade,
Zagreb and Ljubljana were open

cilie.s and they were shrouded in
complete blackouts beginning to
night.
Tonight's first blackout in Bel
grade lasted only 15 minutes, be
ginning at 9 p.m., but the people
v/cre warned that complete black
outs "may come at any time now."
Belgrade, in addition to being the
national capital, is the capital of
Serbia, while Zagreb is the capital
of Croatia and Ljubljana is the
capital of Slovenia.

For a graphic description of the
plight that is Jugoslavia's see the
picture at the right.
BELGRADE, April 3 (UP).—The
Jugoslav government tonight pro
claimed Belgrade and the largest
provincial centers to he "open
tUies," without military defenses,
after reports of a massing of Ger
man air force units across the
northern frontier.
A government proclamation,
broadcast by radio, said Belgrade,
Zagreb and Ljubljana were open

cilie.s and they were shrouded in
complete blackouts beginning to
night.
Tonight's first blackout in Bel
grade lasted only 15 minutes, be
ginning at 9 p.m., but the people
v/cre warned that complete black
outs "may come at any time now."
Belgrade, in addition to being the
national capital, is the capital of
Serbia, while Zagreb is the capital
of Croatia and Ljubljana is the
capital of Slovenia.

For a graphic description of the
plight that is Jugoslavia's see the
picture at the right.
BELGRADE, April 3 (UP).—The
Jugoslav government tonight pro
claimed Belgrade and the largest
provincial centers to he "open
tUies," without military defenses,
after reports of a massing of Ger
man air force units across the
northern frontier.
A government proclamation,
broadcast by radio, said Belgrade,
Zagreb and Ljubljana were open

cilie.s and they were shrouded in
complete blackouts beginning to
night.
Tonight's first blackout in Bel
grade lasted only 15 minutes, be
ginning at 9 p.m., but the people
v/cre warned that complete black
outs "may come at any time now."
Belgrade, in addition to being the
national capital, is the capital of
Serbia, while Zagreb is the capital
of Croatia and Ljubljana is the
capital of Slovenia.

For a graphic description of the
plight that is Jugoslavia's see the
picture at the right.
BELGRADE, April 3 (UP).—The
Jugoslav government tonight pro
claimed Belgrade and the largest
provincial centers to he "open
tUies," without military defenses,
after reports of a massing of Ger
man air force units across the
northern frontier.
A government proclamation,
broadcast by radio, said Belgrade,
Zagreb and Ljubljana were open

cilie.s and they were shrouded in
complete blackouts beginning to
night.
Tonight's first blackout in Bel
grade lasted only 15 minutes, be
ginning at 9 p.m., but the people
v/cre warned that complete black
outs "may come at any time now."
Belgrade, in addition to being the
national capital, is the capital of
Serbia, while Zagreb is the capital
of Croatia and Ljubljana is the
capital of Slovenia.

For a graphic description of the
plight that is Jugoslavia's see the
picture at the right.
BELGRADE, April 3 (UP).—The
Jugoslav government tonight pro
claimed Belgrade and the largest
provincial centers to he "open
tUies," without military defenses,
after reports of a massing of Ger
man air force units across the
northern frontier.
A government proclamation,
broadcast by radio, said Belgrade,
Zagreb and Ljubljana were open

cilie.s and they were shrouded in
complete blackouts beginning to
night.
Tonight's first blackout in Bel
grade lasted only 15 minutes, be
ginning at 9 p.m., but the people
v/cre warned that complete black
outs "may come at any time now."
Belgrade, in addition to being the
national capital, is the capital of
Serbia, while Zagreb is the capital
of Croatia and Ljubljana is the
capital of Slovenia.

For a graphic description of the
plight that is Jugoslavia's see the
picture at the right.
BELGRADE, April 3 (UP).—The
Jugoslav government tonight pro
claimed Belgrade and the largest
provincial centers to he "open
tUies," without military defenses,
after reports of a massing of Ger
man air force units across the
northern frontier.
A government proclamation,
broadcast by radio, said Belgrade,
Zagreb and Ljubljana were open

cilie.s and they were shrouded in
complete blackouts beginning to
night.
Tonight's first blackout in Bel
grade lasted only 15 minutes, be
ginning at 9 p.m., but the people
v/cre warned that complete black
outs "may come at any time now."
Belgrade, in addition to being the
national capital, is the capital of
Serbia, while Zagreb is the capital
of Croatia and Ljubljana is the
capital of Slovenia.

For a graphic description of the
plight that is Jugoslavia's see the
picture at the right.
BELGRADE, April 3 (UP).—The
Jugoslav government tonight pro
claimed Belgrade and the largest
provincial centers to he "open
tUies," without military defenses,
after reports of a massing of Ger
man air force units across the
northern frontier.
A government proclamation,
broadcast by radio, said Belgrade,
Zagreb and Ljubljana were open

cilie.s and they were shrouded in
complete blackouts beginning to
night.
Tonight's first blackout in Bel
grade lasted only 15 minutes, be
ginning at 9 p.m., but the people
v/cre warned that complete black
outs "may come at any time now."
Belgrade, in addition to being the
national capital, is the capital of
Serbia, while Zagreb is the capital
of Croatia and Ljubljana is the
capital of Slovenia.

For a graphic description of the
plight that is Jugoslavia's see the
picture at the right.
BELGRADE, April 3 (UP).—The
Jugoslav government tonight pro
claimed Belgrade and the largest
provincial centers to he "open
tUies," without military defenses,
after reports of a massing of Ger
man air force units across the
northern frontier.
A government proclamation,
broadcast by radio, said Belgrade,
Zagreb and Ljubljana were open

cilie.s and they were shrouded in
complete blackouts beginning to
night.
Tonight's first blackout in Bel
grade lasted only 15 minutes, be
ginning at 9 p.m., but the people
v/cre warned that complete black
outs "may come at any time now."
Belgrade, in addition to being the
national capital, is the capital of
Serbia, while Zagreb is the capital
of Croatia and Ljubljana is the
capital of Slovenia.

For a graphic description of the
plight that is Jugoslavia's see the
picture at the right.
BELGRADE, April 3 (UP).—The
Jugoslav government tonight pro
claimed Belgrade and the largest
provincial centers to he "open
tUies," without military defenses,
after reports of a massing of Ger
man air force units across the
northern frontier.
A government proclamation,
broadcast by radio, said Belgrade,
Zagreb and Ljubljana were open

cilie.s and they were shrouded in
complete blackouts beginning to
night.
Tonight's first blackout in Bel
grade lasted only 15 minutes, be
ginning at 9 p.m., but the people
v/cre warned that complete black
outs "may come at any time now."
Belgrade, in addition to being the
national capital, is the capital of
Serbia, while Zagreb is the capital
of Croatia and Ljubljana is the
capital of Slovenia.

For a graphic description of the
plight that is Jugoslavia's see the
picture at the right.
BELGRADE, April 3 (UP).—The
Jugoslav government tonight pro
claimed Belgrade and the largest
provincial centers to he "open
tUies," without military defenses,
after reports of a massing of Ger
man air force units across the
northern frontier.
A government proclamation,
broadcast by radio, said Belgrade,
Zagreb and Ljubljana were open

cilie.s and they were shrouded in
complete blackouts beginning to
night.
Tonight's first blackout in Bel
grade lasted only 15 minutes, be
ginning at 9 p.m., but the people
v/cre warned that complete black
outs "may come at any time now."
Belgrade, in addition to being the
national capital, is the capital of
Serbia, while Zagreb is the capital
of Croatia and Ljubljana is the
capital of Slovenia.

For a graphic description of the
plight that is Jugoslavia's see the
picture at the right.
BELGRADE, April 3 (UP).—The
Jugoslav government tonight pro
claimed Belgrade and the largest
provincial centers to he "open
tUies," without military defenses,
after reports of a massing of Ger
man air force units across the
northern frontier.
A government proclamation,
broadcast by radio, said Belgrade,
Zagreb and Ljubljana were open

cilie.s and they were shrouded in
complete blackouts beginning to
night.
Tonight's first blackout in Bel
grade lasted only 15 minutes, be
ginning at 9 p.m., but the people
v/cre warned that complete black
outs "may come at any time now."
Belgrade, in addition to being the
national capital, is the capital of
Serbia, while Zagreb is the capital
of Croatia and Ljubljana is the
capital of Slovenia.

For a graphic description of the
plight that is Jugoslavia's see the
picture at the right.
BELGRADE, April 3 (UP).—The
Jugoslav government tonight pro
claimed Belgrade and the largest
provincial centers to he "open
tUies," without military defenses,
after reports of a massing of Ger
man air force units across the
northern frontier.
A government proclamation,
broadcast by radio, said Belgrade,
Zagreb and Ljubljana were open

cilie.s and they were shrouded in
complete blackouts beginning to
night.
Tonight's first blackout in Bel
grade lasted only 15 minutes, be
ginning at 9 p.m., but the people
v/cre warned that complete black
outs "may come at any time now."
Belgrade, in addition to being the
national capital, is the capital of
Serbia, while Zagreb is the capital
of Croatia and Ljubljana is the
capital of Slovenia.

For a graphic description of the
plight that is Jugoslavia's see the
picture at the right.
BELGRADE, April 3 (UP).—The
Jugoslav government tonight pro
claimed Belgrade and the largest
provincial centers to he "open
tUies," without military defenses,
after reports of a massing of Ger
man air force units across the
northern frontier.
A government proclamation,
broadcast by radio, said Belgrade,
Zagreb and Ljubljana were open

cilie.s and they were shrouded in
complete blackouts beginning to
night.
Tonight's first blackout in Bel
grade lasted only 15 minutes, be
ginning at 9 p.m., but the people
v/cre warned that complete black
outs "may come at any time now."
Belgrade, in addition to being the
national capital, is the capital of
Serbia, while Zagreb is the capital
of Croatia and Ljubljana is the
capital of Slovenia.

For a graphic description of the
plight that is Jugoslavia's see the
picture at the right.
BELGRADE, April 3 (UP).—The
Jugoslav government tonight pro
claimed Belgrade and the largest
provincial centers to he "open
tUies," without military defenses,
after reports of a massing of Ger
man air force units across the
northern frontier.
A government proclamation,
broadcast by radio, said Belgrade,
Zagreb and Ljubljana were open

cilie.s and they were shrouded in
complete blackouts beginning to
night.
Tonight's first blackout in Bel
grade lasted only 15 minutes, be
ginning at 9 p.m., but the people
v/cre warned that complete black
outs "may come at any time now."
Belgrade, in addition to being the
national capital, is the capital of
Serbia, while Zagreb is the capital
of Croatia and Ljubljana is the
capital of Slovenia.

For a graphic description of the
plight that is Jugoslavia's see the
picture at the right.
BELGRADE, April 3 (UP).—The
Jugoslav government tonight pro
claimed Belgrade and the largest
provincial centers to he "open
tUies," without military defenses,
after reports of a massing of Ger
man air force units across the
northern frontier.
A government proclamation,
broadcast by radio, said Belgrade,
Zagreb and Ljubljana were open

cilie.s and they were shrouded in
complete blackouts beginning to
night.
Tonight's first blackout in Bel
grade lasted only 15 minutes, be
ginning at 9 p.m., but the people
v/cre warned that complete black
outs "may come at any time now."
Belgrade, in addition to being the
national capital, is the capital of
Serbia, while Zagreb is the capital
of Croatia and Ljubljana is the
capital of Slovenia.

For a graphic description of the
plight that is Jugoslavia's see the
picture at the right.
BELGRADE, April 3 (UP).—The
Jugoslav government tonight pro
claimed Belgrade and the largest
provincial centers to he "open
tUies," without military defenses,
after reports of a massing of Ger
man air force units across the
northern frontier.
A government proclamation,
broadcast by radio, said Belgrade,
Zagreb and Ljubljana were open

cilie.s and they were shrouded in
complete blackouts beginning to
night.
Tonight's first blackout in Bel
grade lasted only 15 minutes, be
ginning at 9 p.m., but the people
v/cre warned that complete black
outs "may come at any time now."
Belgrade, in addition to being the
national capital, is the capital of
Serbia, while Zagreb is the capital
of Croatia and Ljubljana is the
capital of Slovenia.

For a graphic description of the
plight that is Jugoslavia's see the
picture at the right.
BELGRADE, April 3 (UP).—The
Jugoslav government tonight pro
claimed Belgrade and the largest
provincial centers to he "open
tUies," without military defenses,
after reports of a massing of Ger
man air force units across the
northern frontier.
A government proclamation,
broadcast by radio, said Belgrade,
Zagreb and Ljubljana were open

cilie.s and they were shrouded in
complete blackouts beginning to
night.
Tonight's first blackout in Bel
grade lasted only 15 minutes, be
ginning at 9 p.m., but the people
v/cre warned that complete black
outs "may come at any time now."
Belgrade, in addition to being the
national capital, is the capital of
Serbia, while Zagreb is the capital
of Croatia and Ljubljana is the
capital of Slovenia.

For a graphic description of the
plight that is Jugoslavia's see the
picture at the right.
BELGRADE, April 3 (UP).—The
Jugoslav government tonight pro
claimed Belgrade and the largest
provincial centers to he "open
tUies," without military defenses,
after reports of a massing of Ger
man air force units across the
northern frontier.
A government proclamation,
broadcast by radio, said Belgrade,
Zagreb and Ljubljana were open

cilie.s and they were shrouded in
complete blackouts beginning to
night.
Tonight's first blackout in Bel
grade lasted only 15 minutes, be
ginning at 9 p.m., but the people
v/cre warned that complete black
outs "may come at any time now."
Belgrade, in addition to being the
national capital, is the capital of
Serbia, while Zagreb is the capital
of Croatia and Ljubljana is the
capital of Slovenia.

For a graphic description of the
plight that is Jugoslavia's see the
picture at the right.
