# Bad Weather Halts Road Construction
## 
### 
With the Lomita Drive project and
the Santa Teresa widening job again
called off because of the rains, the
contractors lor the construction,
Piazza and Huntley of San Jose, are
intending to get on with the work
as soon as there are a few days of
good weather.
Campus Officer Gordy Davis has
announced plans for auctioning off
the three bicycles now in his pos
session unless the owners or other
people interested in them make some
claim on them.
With the Lomita Drive project and
the Santa Teresa widening job again
called off because of the rains, the
contractors lor the construction,
Piazza and Huntley of San Jose, are
intending to get on with the work
as soon as there are a few days of
good weather.
Campus Officer Gordy Davis has
announced plans for auctioning off
the three bicycles now in his pos
session unless the owners or other
people interested in them make some
claim on them.
With the Lomita Drive project and
the Santa Teresa widening job again
called off because of the rains, the
contractors lor the construction,
Piazza and Huntley of San Jose, are
intending to get on with the work
as soon as there are a few days of
good weather.
Campus Officer Gordy Davis has
announced plans for auctioning off
the three bicycles now in his pos
session unless the owners or other
people interested in them make some
claim on them.
With the Lomita Drive project and
the Santa Teresa widening job again
called off because of the rains, the
contractors lor the construction,
Piazza and Huntley of San Jose, are
intending to get on with the work
as soon as there are a few days of
good weather.
Campus Officer Gordy Davis has
announced plans for auctioning off
the three bicycles now in his pos
session unless the owners or other
people interested in them make some
claim on them.
With the Lomita Drive project and
the Santa Teresa widening job again
called off because of the rains, the
contractors lor the construction,
Piazza and Huntley of San Jose, are
intending to get on with the work
as soon as there are a few days of
good weather.
Campus Officer Gordy Davis has
announced plans for auctioning off
the three bicycles now in his pos
session unless the owners or other
people interested in them make some
claim on them.
With the Lomita Drive project and
the Santa Teresa widening job again
called off because of the rains, the
contractors lor the construction,
Piazza and Huntley of San Jose, are
intending to get on with the work
as soon as there are a few days of
good weather.
Campus Officer Gordy Davis has
announced plans for auctioning off
the three bicycles now in his pos
session unless the owners or other
people interested in them make some
claim on them.
With the Lomita Drive project and
the Santa Teresa widening job again
called off because of the rains, the
contractors lor the construction,
Piazza and Huntley of San Jose, are
intending to get on with the work
as soon as there are a few days of
good weather.
Campus Officer Gordy Davis has
announced plans for auctioning off
the three bicycles now in his pos
session unless the owners or other
people interested in them make some
claim on them.
With the Lomita Drive project and
the Santa Teresa widening job again
called off because of the rains, the
contractors lor the construction,
Piazza and Huntley of San Jose, are
intending to get on with the work
as soon as there are a few days of
good weather.
Campus Officer Gordy Davis has
announced plans for auctioning off
the three bicycles now in his pos
session unless the owners or other
people interested in them make some
claim on them.
With the Lomita Drive project and
the Santa Teresa widening job again
called off because of the rains, the
contractors lor the construction,
Piazza and Huntley of San Jose, are
intending to get on with the work
as soon as there are a few days of
good weather.
Campus Officer Gordy Davis has
announced plans for auctioning off
the three bicycles now in his pos
session unless the owners or other
people interested in them make some
claim on them.
With the Lomita Drive project and
the Santa Teresa widening job again
called off because of the rains, the
contractors lor the construction,
Piazza and Huntley of San Jose, are
intending to get on with the work
as soon as there are a few days of
good weather.
Campus Officer Gordy Davis has
announced plans for auctioning off
the three bicycles now in his pos
session unless the owners or other
people interested in them make some
claim on them.
With the Lomita Drive project and
the Santa Teresa widening job again
called off because of the rains, the
contractors lor the construction,
Piazza and Huntley of San Jose, are
intending to get on with the work
as soon as there are a few days of
good weather.
Campus Officer Gordy Davis has
announced plans for auctioning off
the three bicycles now in his pos
session unless the owners or other
people interested in them make some
claim on them.
With the Lomita Drive project and
the Santa Teresa widening job again
called off because of the rains, the
contractors lor the construction,
Piazza and Huntley of San Jose, are
intending to get on with the work
as soon as there are a few days of
good weather.
Campus Officer Gordy Davis has
announced plans for auctioning off
the three bicycles now in his pos
session unless the owners or other
people interested in them make some
claim on them.
With the Lomita Drive project and
the Santa Teresa widening job again
called off because of the rains, the
contractors lor the construction,
Piazza and Huntley of San Jose, are
intending to get on with the work
as soon as there are a few days of
good weather.
Campus Officer Gordy Davis has
announced plans for auctioning off
the three bicycles now in his pos
session unless the owners or other
people interested in them make some
claim on them.
With the Lomita Drive project and
the Santa Teresa widening job again
called off because of the rains, the
contractors lor the construction,
Piazza and Huntley of San Jose, are
intending to get on with the work
as soon as there are a few days of
good weather.
Campus Officer Gordy Davis has
announced plans for auctioning off
the three bicycles now in his pos
session unless the owners or other
people interested in them make some
claim on them.
With the Lomita Drive project and
the Santa Teresa widening job again
called off because of the rains, the
contractors lor the construction,
Piazza and Huntley of San Jose, are
intending to get on with the work
as soon as there are a few days of
good weather.
Campus Officer Gordy Davis has
announced plans for auctioning off
the three bicycles now in his pos
session unless the owners or other
people interested in them make some
claim on them.
With the Lomita Drive project and
the Santa Teresa widening job again
called off because of the rains, the
contractors lor the construction,
Piazza and Huntley of San Jose, are
intending to get on with the work
as soon as there are a few days of
good weather.
Campus Officer Gordy Davis has
announced plans for auctioning off
the three bicycles now in his pos
session unless the owners or other
people interested in them make some
claim on them.
With the Lomita Drive project and
the Santa Teresa widening job again
called off because of the rains, the
contractors lor the construction,
Piazza and Huntley of San Jose, are
intending to get on with the work
as soon as there are a few days of
good weather.
Campus Officer Gordy Davis has
announced plans for auctioning off
the three bicycles now in his pos
session unless the owners or other
people interested in them make some
claim on them.
With the Lomita Drive project and
the Santa Teresa widening job again
called off because of the rains, the
contractors lor the construction,
Piazza and Huntley of San Jose, are
intending to get on with the work
as soon as there are a few days of
good weather.
Campus Officer Gordy Davis has
announced plans for auctioning off
the three bicycles now in his pos
session unless the owners or other
people interested in them make some
claim on them.
