# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS
If you were on a
clothier's jury picking
the ideal show for
campus and off-duty
wear, you’d have to
go with the unparalled
Clark Desert® Boot.
Why? Why not.. The
CDB has a brushed
buck upper that resists
scuffing, never has to
be shined. It’s cut high
to ward off sticks and
stones. And, it has a
cushioned rubber sole
that makes stalking
from class to class al
most a pleasure. In the
customary sand color,
also in black. An R A
buy at 12.95.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
If you were on a
clothier's jury picking
the ideal show for
campus and off-duty
wear, you’d have to
go with the unparalled
Clark Desert® Boot.
Why? Why not.. The
CDB has a brushed
buck upper that resists
scuffing, never has to
be shined. It’s cut high
to ward off sticks and
stones. And, it has a
cushioned rubber sole
that makes stalking
from class to class al
most a pleasure. In the
customary sand color,
also in black. An R A
buy at 12.95.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
If you were on a
clothier's jury picking
the ideal show for
campus and off-duty
wear, you’d have to
go with the unparalled
Clark Desert® Boot.
Why? Why not.. The
CDB has a brushed
buck upper that resists
scuffing, never has to
be shined. It’s cut high
to ward off sticks and
stones. And, it has a
cushioned rubber sole
that makes stalking
from class to class al
most a pleasure. In the
customary sand color,
also in black. An R A
buy at 12.95.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
If you were on a
clothier's jury picking
the ideal show for
campus and off-duty
wear, you’d have to
go with the unparalled
Clark Desert® Boot.
Why? Why not.. The
CDB has a brushed
buck upper that resists
scuffing, never has to
be shined. It’s cut high
to ward off sticks and
stones. And, it has a
cushioned rubber sole
that makes stalking
from class to class al
most a pleasure. In the
customary sand color,
also in black. An R A
buy at 12.95.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
If you were on a
clothier's jury picking
the ideal show for
campus and off-duty
wear, you’d have to
go with the unparalled
Clark Desert® Boot.
Why? Why not.. The
CDB has a brushed
buck upper that resists
scuffing, never has to
be shined. It’s cut high
to ward off sticks and
stones. And, it has a
cushioned rubber sole
that makes stalking
from class to class al
most a pleasure. In the
customary sand color,
also in black. An R A
buy at 12.95.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
If you were on a
clothier's jury picking
the ideal show for
campus and off-duty
wear, you’d have to
go with the unparalled
Clark Desert® Boot.
Why? Why not.. The
CDB has a brushed
buck upper that resists
scuffing, never has to
be shined. It’s cut high
to ward off sticks and
stones. And, it has a
cushioned rubber sole
that makes stalking
from class to class al
most a pleasure. In the
customary sand color,
also in black. An R A
buy at 12.95.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
If you were on a
clothier's jury picking
the ideal show for
campus and off-duty
wear, you’d have to
go with the unparalled
Clark Desert® Boot.
Why? Why not.. The
CDB has a brushed
buck upper that resists
scuffing, never has to
be shined. It’s cut high
to ward off sticks and
stones. And, it has a
cushioned rubber sole
that makes stalking
from class to class al
most a pleasure. In the
customary sand color,
also in black. An R A
buy at 12.95.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
If you were on a
clothier's jury picking
the ideal show for
campus and off-duty
wear, you’d have to
go with the unparalled
Clark Desert® Boot.
Why? Why not.. The
CDB has a brushed
buck upper that resists
scuffing, never has to
be shined. It’s cut high
to ward off sticks and
stones. And, it has a
cushioned rubber sole
that makes stalking
from class to class al
most a pleasure. In the
customary sand color,
also in black. An R A
buy at 12.95.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
If you were on a
clothier's jury picking
the ideal show for
campus and off-duty
wear, you’d have to
go with the unparalled
Clark Desert® Boot.
Why? Why not.. The
CDB has a brushed
buck upper that resists
scuffing, never has to
be shined. It’s cut high
to ward off sticks and
stones. And, it has a
cushioned rubber sole
that makes stalking
from class to class al
most a pleasure. In the
customary sand color,
also in black. An R A
buy at 12.95.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
If you were on a
clothier's jury picking
the ideal show for
campus and off-duty
wear, you’d have to
go with the unparalled
Clark Desert® Boot.
Why? Why not.. The
CDB has a brushed
buck upper that resists
scuffing, never has to
be shined. It’s cut high
to ward off sticks and
stones. And, it has a
cushioned rubber sole
that makes stalking
from class to class al
most a pleasure. In the
customary sand color,
also in black. An R A
buy at 12.95.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
If you were on a
clothier's jury picking
the ideal show for
campus and off-duty
wear, you’d have to
go with the unparalled
Clark Desert® Boot.
Why? Why not.. The
CDB has a brushed
buck upper that resists
scuffing, never has to
be shined. It’s cut high
to ward off sticks and
stones. And, it has a
cushioned rubber sole
that makes stalking
from class to class al
most a pleasure. In the
customary sand color,
also in black. An R A
buy at 12.95.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
If you were on a
clothier's jury picking
the ideal show for
campus and off-duty
wear, you’d have to
go with the unparalled
Clark Desert® Boot.
Why? Why not.. The
CDB has a brushed
buck upper that resists
scuffing, never has to
be shined. It’s cut high
to ward off sticks and
stones. And, it has a
cushioned rubber sole
that makes stalking
from class to class al
most a pleasure. In the
customary sand color,
also in black. An R A
buy at 12.95.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
If you were on a
clothier's jury picking
the ideal show for
campus and off-duty
wear, you’d have to
go with the unparalled
Clark Desert® Boot.
Why? Why not.. The
CDB has a brushed
buck upper that resists
scuffing, never has to
be shined. It’s cut high
to ward off sticks and
stones. And, it has a
cushioned rubber sole
that makes stalking
from class to class al
most a pleasure. In the
customary sand color,
also in black. An R A
buy at 12.95.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
If you were on a
clothier's jury picking
the ideal show for
campus and off-duty
wear, you’d have to
go with the unparalled
Clark Desert® Boot.
Why? Why not.. The
CDB has a brushed
buck upper that resists
scuffing, never has to
be shined. It’s cut high
to ward off sticks and
stones. And, it has a
cushioned rubber sole
that makes stalking
from class to class al
most a pleasure. In the
customary sand color,
also in black. An R A
buy at 12.95.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
If you were on a
clothier's jury picking
the ideal show for
campus and off-duty
wear, you’d have to
go with the unparalled
Clark Desert® Boot.
Why? Why not.. The
CDB has a brushed
buck upper that resists
scuffing, never has to
be shined. It’s cut high
to ward off sticks and
stones. And, it has a
cushioned rubber sole
that makes stalking
from class to class al
most a pleasure. In the
customary sand color,
also in black. An R A
buy at 12.95.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS
If you were on a
clothier's jury picking
the ideal show for
campus and off-duty
wear, you’d have to
go with the unparalled
Clark Desert® Boot.
Why? Why not.. The
CDB has a brushed
buck upper that resists
scuffing, never has to
be shined. It’s cut high
to ward off sticks and
stones. And, it has a
cushioned rubber sole
that makes stalking
from class to class al
most a pleasure. In the
customary sand color,
also in black. An R A
buy at 12.95.
ROOS/ATKINS
