# Cherberg Reveals Slush Fund For Prospective UW Athletes
## Ex-Coach Accuses Four of Undermining Him, Tells All to Stale Legislative Group 
### 
SEA'ITLE, Wash., Feb. 7 (U.R)— i
The existence of ;i slush fund to
pay expenses of prospective
Washington football players was
admitted today as ousted Husky
coach Johnny Cherberg accused '
lour persons of undermining his
job.
11. C. (Torchy) Torrance, ad-1
ministrator of the fund, said the
money was used "primarily for
transportation, entertainment and
expenses for prospective ath
letes."
Concerning today's report from
Seattle alleging the University of
Washington had violated Pacific-
Coast Conference regulations by
using a "slush" fund for athletes, i
Commissioner Victor Schmidt had
no comment.
Meantime, Cherberg, appearing
before a three-man legislative in
quiry group, charged that Tor
rance, athletic director Harvey i

Cassill, university vice president
H. P. (Dick) Everest and Mrs. J.
Herbert Gardner, president of the
university's board of regents, con
spired to undermine his job.
Cherberg was Hied by Cassill
January 21, just 42 days after he
had been rehired by the regents
following a revolt by a majority
of players.
Representative John L. O'Brien,
speaker of the Washington House
of Representatives, .said the three
man committee of lawmakers is
looking into the matter because
of the "tremendous public inter
est."
Cherberg said flatly today that
he was fired because "Mr. Tor
rance was faced with the possi
bility of giving up this so-called
fund."
Meanwhile, Dr. Henry Schmitz,
university president, said "there
have been insinuations in recent
days that the university had been
condoning evasions of conference
rules. 1 wish to say that these in
sinuations are simply true."
SEA'ITLE, Wash., Feb. 7 (U.R)— i
The existence of ;i slush fund to
pay expenses of prospective
Washington football players was
admitted today as ousted Husky
coach Johnny Cherberg accused '
lour persons of undermining his
job.
11. C. (Torchy) Torrance, ad-1
ministrator of the fund, said the
money was used "primarily for
transportation, entertainment and
expenses for prospective ath
letes."
Concerning today's report from
Seattle alleging the University of
Washington had violated Pacific-
Coast Conference regulations by
using a "slush" fund for athletes, i
Commissioner Victor Schmidt had
no comment.
Meantime, Cherberg, appearing
before a three-man legislative in
quiry group, charged that Tor
rance, athletic director Harvey i

Cassill, university vice president
H. P. (Dick) Everest and Mrs. J.
Herbert Gardner, president of the
university's board of regents, con
spired to undermine his job.
Cherberg was Hied by Cassill
January 21, just 42 days after he
had been rehired by the regents
following a revolt by a majority
of players.
Representative John L. O'Brien,
speaker of the Washington House
of Representatives, .said the three
man committee of lawmakers is
looking into the matter because
of the "tremendous public inter
est."
Cherberg said flatly today that
he was fired because "Mr. Tor
rance was faced with the possi
bility of giving up this so-called
fund."
Meanwhile, Dr. Henry Schmitz,
university president, said "there
have been insinuations in recent
days that the university had been
condoning evasions of conference
rules. 1 wish to say that these in
sinuations are simply true."
SEA'ITLE, Wash., Feb. 7 (U.R)— i
The existence of ;i slush fund to
pay expenses of prospective
Washington football players was
admitted today as ousted Husky
coach Johnny Cherberg accused '
lour persons of undermining his
job.
11. C. (Torchy) Torrance, ad-1
ministrator of the fund, said the
money was used "primarily for
transportation, entertainment and
expenses for prospective ath
letes."
Concerning today's report from
Seattle alleging the University of
Washington had violated Pacific-
Coast Conference regulations by
using a "slush" fund for athletes, i
Commissioner Victor Schmidt had
no comment.
Meantime, Cherberg, appearing
before a three-man legislative in
quiry group, charged that Tor
rance, athletic director Harvey i

Cassill, university vice president
H. P. (Dick) Everest and Mrs. J.
Herbert Gardner, president of the
university's board of regents, con
spired to undermine his job.
Cherberg was Hied by Cassill
January 21, just 42 days after he
had been rehired by the regents
following a revolt by a majority
of players.
Representative John L. O'Brien,
speaker of the Washington House
of Representatives, .said the three
man committee of lawmakers is
looking into the matter because
of the "tremendous public inter
est."
Cherberg said flatly today that
he was fired because "Mr. Tor
rance was faced with the possi
bility of giving up this so-called
fund."
Meanwhile, Dr. Henry Schmitz,
university president, said "there
have been insinuations in recent
days that the university had been
condoning evasions of conference
rules. 1 wish to say that these in
sinuations are simply true."
SEA'ITLE, Wash., Feb. 7 (U.R)— i
The existence of ;i slush fund to
pay expenses of prospective
Washington football players was
admitted today as ousted Husky
coach Johnny Cherberg accused '
lour persons of undermining his
job.
11. C. (Torchy) Torrance, ad-1
ministrator of the fund, said the
money was used "primarily for
transportation, entertainment and
expenses for prospective ath
letes."
Concerning today's report from
Seattle alleging the University of
Washington had violated Pacific-
Coast Conference regulations by
using a "slush" fund for athletes, i
Commissioner Victor Schmidt had
no comment.
Meantime, Cherberg, appearing
before a three-man legislative in
quiry group, charged that Tor
rance, athletic director Harvey i

Cassill, university vice president
H. P. (Dick) Everest and Mrs. J.
Herbert Gardner, president of the
university's board of regents, con
spired to undermine his job.
Cherberg was Hied by Cassill
January 21, just 42 days after he
had been rehired by the regents
following a revolt by a majority
of players.
Representative John L. O'Brien,
speaker of the Washington House
of Representatives, .said the three
man committee of lawmakers is
looking into the matter because
of the "tremendous public inter
est."
Cherberg said flatly today that
he was fired because "Mr. Tor
rance was faced with the possi
bility of giving up this so-called
fund."
Meanwhile, Dr. Henry Schmitz,
university president, said "there
have been insinuations in recent
days that the university had been
condoning evasions of conference
rules. 1 wish to say that these in
sinuations are simply true."
SEA'ITLE, Wash., Feb. 7 (U.R)— i
The existence of ;i slush fund to
pay expenses of prospective
Washington football players was
admitted today as ousted Husky
coach Johnny Cherberg accused '
lour persons of undermining his
job.
11. C. (Torchy) Torrance, ad-1
ministrator of the fund, said the
money was used "primarily for
transportation, entertainment and
expenses for prospective ath
letes."
Concerning today's report from
Seattle alleging the University of
Washington had violated Pacific-
Coast Conference regulations by
using a "slush" fund for athletes, i
Commissioner Victor Schmidt had
no comment.
Meantime, Cherberg, appearing
before a three-man legislative in
quiry group, charged that Tor
rance, athletic director Harvey i

Cassill, university vice president
H. P. (Dick) Everest and Mrs. J.
Herbert Gardner, president of the
university's board of regents, con
spired to undermine his job.
Cherberg was Hied by Cassill
January 21, just 42 days after he
had been rehired by the regents
following a revolt by a majority
of players.
Representative John L. O'Brien,
speaker of the Washington House
of Representatives, .said the three
man committee of lawmakers is
looking into the matter because
of the "tremendous public inter
est."
Cherberg said flatly today that
he was fired because "Mr. Tor
rance was faced with the possi
bility of giving up this so-called
fund."
Meanwhile, Dr. Henry Schmitz,
university president, said "there
have been insinuations in recent
days that the university had been
condoning evasions of conference
rules. 1 wish to say that these in
sinuations are simply true."
SEA'ITLE, Wash., Feb. 7 (U.R)— i
The existence of ;i slush fund to
pay expenses of prospective
Washington football players was
admitted today as ousted Husky
coach Johnny Cherberg accused '
lour persons of undermining his
job.
11. C. (Torchy) Torrance, ad-1
ministrator of the fund, said the
money was used "primarily for
transportation, entertainment and
expenses for prospective ath
letes."
Concerning today's report from
Seattle alleging the University of
Washington had violated Pacific-
Coast Conference regulations by
using a "slush" fund for athletes, i
Commissioner Victor Schmidt had
no comment.
Meantime, Cherberg, appearing
before a three-man legislative in
quiry group, charged that Tor
rance, athletic director Harvey i

Cassill, university vice president
H. P. (Dick) Everest and Mrs. J.
Herbert Gardner, president of the
university's board of regents, con
spired to undermine his job.
Cherberg was Hied by Cassill
January 21, just 42 days after he
had been rehired by the regents
following a revolt by a majority
of players.
Representative John L. O'Brien,
speaker of the Washington House
of Representatives, .said the three
man committee of lawmakers is
looking into the matter because
of the "tremendous public inter
est."
Cherberg said flatly today that
he was fired because "Mr. Tor
rance was faced with the possi
bility of giving up this so-called
fund."
Meanwhile, Dr. Henry Schmitz,
university president, said "there
have been insinuations in recent
days that the university had been
condoning evasions of conference
rules. 1 wish to say that these in
sinuations are simply true."
SEA'ITLE, Wash., Feb. 7 (U.R)— i
The existence of ;i slush fund to
pay expenses of prospective
Washington football players was
admitted today as ousted Husky
coach Johnny Cherberg accused '
lour persons of undermining his
job.
11. C. (Torchy) Torrance, ad-1
ministrator of the fund, said the
money was used "primarily for
transportation, entertainment and
expenses for prospective ath
letes."
Concerning today's report from
Seattle alleging the University of
Washington had violated Pacific-
Coast Conference regulations by
using a "slush" fund for athletes, i
Commissioner Victor Schmidt had
no comment.
Meantime, Cherberg, appearing
before a three-man legislative in
quiry group, charged that Tor
rance, athletic director Harvey i

Cassill, university vice president
H. P. (Dick) Everest and Mrs. J.
Herbert Gardner, president of the
university's board of regents, con
spired to undermine his job.
Cherberg was Hied by Cassill
January 21, just 42 days after he
had been rehired by the regents
following a revolt by a majority
of players.
Representative John L. O'Brien,
speaker of the Washington House
of Representatives, .said the three
man committee of lawmakers is
looking into the matter because
of the "tremendous public inter
est."
Cherberg said flatly today that
he was fired because "Mr. Tor
rance was faced with the possi
bility of giving up this so-called
fund."
Meanwhile, Dr. Henry Schmitz,
university president, said "there
have been insinuations in recent
days that the university had been
condoning evasions of conference
rules. 1 wish to say that these in
sinuations are simply true."
SEA'ITLE, Wash., Feb. 7 (U.R)— i
The existence of ;i slush fund to
pay expenses of prospective
Washington football players was
admitted today as ousted Husky
coach Johnny Cherberg accused '
lour persons of undermining his
job.
11. C. (Torchy) Torrance, ad-1
ministrator of the fund, said the
money was used "primarily for
transportation, entertainment and
expenses for prospective ath
letes."
Concerning today's report from
Seattle alleging the University of
Washington had violated Pacific-
Coast Conference regulations by
using a "slush" fund for athletes, i
Commissioner Victor Schmidt had
no comment.
Meantime, Cherberg, appearing
before a three-man legislative in
quiry group, charged that Tor
rance, athletic director Harvey i

Cassill, university vice president
H. P. (Dick) Everest and Mrs. J.
Herbert Gardner, president of the
university's board of regents, con
spired to undermine his job.
Cherberg was Hied by Cassill
January 21, just 42 days after he
had been rehired by the regents
following a revolt by a majority
of players.
Representative John L. O'Brien,
speaker of the Washington House
of Representatives, .said the three
man committee of lawmakers is
looking into the matter because
of the "tremendous public inter
est."
Cherberg said flatly today that
he was fired because "Mr. Tor
rance was faced with the possi
bility of giving up this so-called
fund."
Meanwhile, Dr. Henry Schmitz,
university president, said "there
have been insinuations in recent
days that the university had been
condoning evasions of conference
rules. 1 wish to say that these in
sinuations are simply true."
SEA'ITLE, Wash., Feb. 7 (U.R)— i
The existence of ;i slush fund to
pay expenses of prospective
Washington football players was
admitted today as ousted Husky
coach Johnny Cherberg accused '
lour persons of undermining his
job.
11. C. (Torchy) Torrance, ad-1
ministrator of the fund, said the
money was used "primarily for
transportation, entertainment and
expenses for prospective ath
letes."
Concerning today's report from
Seattle alleging the University of
Washington had violated Pacific-
Coast Conference regulations by
using a "slush" fund for athletes, i
Commissioner Victor Schmidt had
no comment.
Meantime, Cherberg, appearing
before a three-man legislative in
quiry group, charged that Tor
rance, athletic director Harvey i

Cassill, university vice president
H. P. (Dick) Everest and Mrs. J.
Herbert Gardner, president of the
university's board of regents, con
spired to undermine his job.
Cherberg was Hied by Cassill
January 21, just 42 days after he
had been rehired by the regents
following a revolt by a majority
of players.
Representative John L. O'Brien,
speaker of the Washington House
of Representatives, .said the three
man committee of lawmakers is
looking into the matter because
of the "tremendous public inter
est."
Cherberg said flatly today that
he was fired because "Mr. Tor
rance was faced with the possi
bility of giving up this so-called
fund."
Meanwhile, Dr. Henry Schmitz,
university president, said "there
have been insinuations in recent
days that the university had been
condoning evasions of conference
rules. 1 wish to say that these in
sinuations are simply true."
SEA'ITLE, Wash., Feb. 7 (U.R)— i
The existence of ;i slush fund to
pay expenses of prospective
Washington football players was
admitted today as ousted Husky
coach Johnny Cherberg accused '
lour persons of undermining his
job.
11. C. (Torchy) Torrance, ad-1
ministrator of the fund, said the
money was used "primarily for
transportation, entertainment and
expenses for prospective ath
letes."
Concerning today's report from
Seattle alleging the University of
Washington had violated Pacific-
Coast Conference regulations by
using a "slush" fund for athletes, i
Commissioner Victor Schmidt had
no comment.
Meantime, Cherberg, appearing
before a three-man legislative in
quiry group, charged that Tor
rance, athletic director Harvey i

Cassill, university vice president
H. P. (Dick) Everest and Mrs. J.
Herbert Gardner, president of the
university's board of regents, con
spired to undermine his job.
Cherberg was Hied by Cassill
January 21, just 42 days after he
had been rehired by the regents
following a revolt by a majority
of players.
Representative John L. O'Brien,
speaker of the Washington House
of Representatives, .said the three
man committee of lawmakers is
looking into the matter because
of the "tremendous public inter
est."
Cherberg said flatly today that
he was fired because "Mr. Tor
rance was faced with the possi
bility of giving up this so-called
fund."
Meanwhile, Dr. Henry Schmitz,
university president, said "there
have been insinuations in recent
days that the university had been
condoning evasions of conference
rules. 1 wish to say that these in
sinuations are simply true."
SEA'ITLE, Wash., Feb. 7 (U.R)— i
The existence of ;i slush fund to
pay expenses of prospective
Washington football players was
admitted today as ousted Husky
coach Johnny Cherberg accused '
lour persons of undermining his
job.
11. C. (Torchy) Torrance, ad-1
ministrator of the fund, said the
money was used "primarily for
transportation, entertainment and
expenses for prospective ath
letes."
Concerning today's report from
Seattle alleging the University of
Washington had violated Pacific-
Coast Conference regulations by
using a "slush" fund for athletes, i
Commissioner Victor Schmidt had
no comment.
Meantime, Cherberg, appearing
before a three-man legislative in
quiry group, charged that Tor
rance, athletic director Harvey i

Cassill, university vice president
H. P. (Dick) Everest and Mrs. J.
Herbert Gardner, president of the
university's board of regents, con
spired to undermine his job.
Cherberg was Hied by Cassill
January 21, just 42 days after he
had been rehired by the regents
following a revolt by a majority
of players.
Representative John L. O'Brien,
speaker of the Washington House
of Representatives, .said the three
man committee of lawmakers is
looking into the matter because
of the "tremendous public inter
est."
Cherberg said flatly today that
he was fired because "Mr. Tor
rance was faced with the possi
bility of giving up this so-called
fund."
Meanwhile, Dr. Henry Schmitz,
university president, said "there
have been insinuations in recent
days that the university had been
condoning evasions of conference
rules. 1 wish to say that these in
sinuations are simply true."
SEA'ITLE, Wash., Feb. 7 (U.R)— i
The existence of ;i slush fund to
pay expenses of prospective
Washington football players was
admitted today as ousted Husky
coach Johnny Cherberg accused '
lour persons of undermining his
job.
11. C. (Torchy) Torrance, ad-1
ministrator of the fund, said the
money was used "primarily for
transportation, entertainment and
expenses for prospective ath
letes."
Concerning today's report from
Seattle alleging the University of
Washington had violated Pacific-
Coast Conference regulations by
using a "slush" fund for athletes, i
Commissioner Victor Schmidt had
no comment.
Meantime, Cherberg, appearing
before a three-man legislative in
quiry group, charged that Tor
rance, athletic director Harvey i

Cassill, university vice president
H. P. (Dick) Everest and Mrs. J.
Herbert Gardner, president of the
university's board of regents, con
spired to undermine his job.
Cherberg was Hied by Cassill
January 21, just 42 days after he
had been rehired by the regents
following a revolt by a majority
of players.
Representative John L. O'Brien,
speaker of the Washington House
of Representatives, .said the three
man committee of lawmakers is
looking into the matter because
of the "tremendous public inter
est."
Cherberg said flatly today that
he was fired because "Mr. Tor
rance was faced with the possi
bility of giving up this so-called
fund."
Meanwhile, Dr. Henry Schmitz,
university president, said "there
have been insinuations in recent
days that the university had been
condoning evasions of conference
rules. 1 wish to say that these in
sinuations are simply true."
SEA'ITLE, Wash., Feb. 7 (U.R)— i
The existence of ;i slush fund to
pay expenses of prospective
Washington football players was
admitted today as ousted Husky
coach Johnny Cherberg accused '
lour persons of undermining his
job.
11. C. (Torchy) Torrance, ad-1
ministrator of the fund, said the
money was used "primarily for
transportation, entertainment and
expenses for prospective ath
letes."
Concerning today's report from
Seattle alleging the University of
Washington had violated Pacific-
Coast Conference regulations by
using a "slush" fund for athletes, i
Commissioner Victor Schmidt had
no comment.
Meantime, Cherberg, appearing
before a three-man legislative in
quiry group, charged that Tor
rance, athletic director Harvey i

Cassill, university vice president
H. P. (Dick) Everest and Mrs. J.
Herbert Gardner, president of the
university's board of regents, con
spired to undermine his job.
Cherberg was Hied by Cassill
January 21, just 42 days after he
had been rehired by the regents
following a revolt by a majority
of players.
Representative John L. O'Brien,
speaker of the Washington House
of Representatives, .said the three
man committee of lawmakers is
looking into the matter because
of the "tremendous public inter
est."
Cherberg said flatly today that
he was fired because "Mr. Tor
rance was faced with the possi
bility of giving up this so-called
fund."
Meanwhile, Dr. Henry Schmitz,
university president, said "there
have been insinuations in recent
days that the university had been
condoning evasions of conference
rules. 1 wish to say that these in
sinuations are simply true."
SEA'ITLE, Wash., Feb. 7 (U.R)— i
The existence of ;i slush fund to
pay expenses of prospective
Washington football players was
admitted today as ousted Husky
coach Johnny Cherberg accused '
lour persons of undermining his
job.
11. C. (Torchy) Torrance, ad-1
ministrator of the fund, said the
money was used "primarily for
transportation, entertainment and
expenses for prospective ath
letes."
Concerning today's report from
Seattle alleging the University of
Washington had violated Pacific-
Coast Conference regulations by
using a "slush" fund for athletes, i
Commissioner Victor Schmidt had
no comment.
Meantime, Cherberg, appearing
before a three-man legislative in
quiry group, charged that Tor
rance, athletic director Harvey i

Cassill, university vice president
H. P. (Dick) Everest and Mrs. J.
Herbert Gardner, president of the
university's board of regents, con
spired to undermine his job.
Cherberg was Hied by Cassill
January 21, just 42 days after he
had been rehired by the regents
following a revolt by a majority
of players.
Representative John L. O'Brien,
speaker of the Washington House
of Representatives, .said the three
man committee of lawmakers is
looking into the matter because
of the "tremendous public inter
est."
Cherberg said flatly today that
he was fired because "Mr. Tor
rance was faced with the possi
bility of giving up this so-called
fund."
Meanwhile, Dr. Henry Schmitz,
university president, said "there
have been insinuations in recent
days that the university had been
condoning evasions of conference
rules. 1 wish to say that these in
sinuations are simply true."
SEA'ITLE, Wash., Feb. 7 (U.R)— i
The existence of ;i slush fund to
pay expenses of prospective
Washington football players was
admitted today as ousted Husky
coach Johnny Cherberg accused '
lour persons of undermining his
job.
11. C. (Torchy) Torrance, ad-1
ministrator of the fund, said the
money was used "primarily for
transportation, entertainment and
expenses for prospective ath
letes."
Concerning today's report from
Seattle alleging the University of
Washington had violated Pacific-
Coast Conference regulations by
using a "slush" fund for athletes, i
Commissioner Victor Schmidt had
no comment.
Meantime, Cherberg, appearing
before a three-man legislative in
quiry group, charged that Tor
rance, athletic director Harvey i

Cassill, university vice president
H. P. (Dick) Everest and Mrs. J.
Herbert Gardner, president of the
university's board of regents, con
spired to undermine his job.
Cherberg was Hied by Cassill
January 21, just 42 days after he
had been rehired by the regents
following a revolt by a majority
of players.
Representative John L. O'Brien,
speaker of the Washington House
of Representatives, .said the three
man committee of lawmakers is
looking into the matter because
of the "tremendous public inter
est."
Cherberg said flatly today that
he was fired because "Mr. Tor
rance was faced with the possi
bility of giving up this so-called
fund."
Meanwhile, Dr. Henry Schmitz,
university president, said "there
have been insinuations in recent
days that the university had been
condoning evasions of conference
rules. 1 wish to say that these in
sinuations are simply true."
