# Vice Sentence Is Suspended
## 
### 
One of the six Stanford gradu
ate students arrested on charges
of lewd conduct was given a sus
pended sentence in Palo Alto-
Mountain View Municipal Court
Monday, contrary to the report
given in yesterday's issue of The
Daily.
Judge Paul I. Myers sentenced
the student to three months and
$100 fine, both of which were sus
pended with strict instructions
that the student undergo psychi
atric treatment until, in the opin
ion of the psychiatrist, the treat
ment should be discontinued.
Periodic probation reports were
also required of the convicted stu
dent.
Of the remaining five graduate
students charged with misde
meanors, one is scheduled for a
continuation of trial next Tues
day, two are scheduled for Feb. 10
and two are listed on the court
docket for Feb. 20.
The cases of the Stanford un
dergraduate charged with feloni
ous sex perversion and the teach
ing assistant charged with lewd
conduct will be presented in court
Friday.
All seven students and the. as
lant instructor were arrested last
week in a roundup of suspected
sex deviates who congregated in
the Palo Alto Southern Pacific
depot.
University officials are still
waiting for further developments
before taking any action regard
ing the students.
One of the six Stanford gradu
ate students arrested on charges
of lewd conduct was given a sus
pended sentence in Palo Alto-
Mountain View Municipal Court
Monday, contrary to the report
given in yesterday's issue of The
Daily.
Judge Paul I. Myers sentenced
the student to three months and
$100 fine, both of which were sus
pended with strict instructions
that the student undergo psychi
atric treatment until, in the opin
ion of the psychiatrist, the treat
ment should be discontinued.
Periodic probation reports were
also required of the convicted stu
dent.
Of the remaining five graduate
students charged with misde
meanors, one is scheduled for a
continuation of trial next Tues
day, two are scheduled for Feb. 10
and two are listed on the court
docket for Feb. 20.
The cases of the Stanford un
dergraduate charged with feloni
ous sex perversion and the teach
ing assistant charged with lewd
conduct will be presented in court
Friday.
All seven students and the. as
lant instructor were arrested last
week in a roundup of suspected
sex deviates who congregated in
the Palo Alto Southern Pacific
depot.
University officials are still
waiting for further developments
before taking any action regard
ing the students.
One of the six Stanford gradu
ate students arrested on charges
of lewd conduct was given a sus
pended sentence in Palo Alto-
Mountain View Municipal Court
Monday, contrary to the report
given in yesterday's issue of The
Daily.
Judge Paul I. Myers sentenced
the student to three months and
$100 fine, both of which were sus
pended with strict instructions
that the student undergo psychi
atric treatment until, in the opin
ion of the psychiatrist, the treat
ment should be discontinued.
Periodic probation reports were
also required of the convicted stu
dent.
Of the remaining five graduate
students charged with misde
meanors, one is scheduled for a
continuation of trial next Tues
day, two are scheduled for Feb. 10
and two are listed on the court
docket for Feb. 20.
The cases of the Stanford un
dergraduate charged with feloni
ous sex perversion and the teach
ing assistant charged with lewd
conduct will be presented in court
Friday.
All seven students and the. as
lant instructor were arrested last
week in a roundup of suspected
sex deviates who congregated in
the Palo Alto Southern Pacific
depot.
University officials are still
waiting for further developments
before taking any action regard
ing the students.
One of the six Stanford gradu
ate students arrested on charges
of lewd conduct was given a sus
pended sentence in Palo Alto-
Mountain View Municipal Court
Monday, contrary to the report
given in yesterday's issue of The
Daily.
Judge Paul I. Myers sentenced
the student to three months and
$100 fine, both of which were sus
pended with strict instructions
that the student undergo psychi
atric treatment until, in the opin
ion of the psychiatrist, the treat
ment should be discontinued.
Periodic probation reports were
also required of the convicted stu
dent.
Of the remaining five graduate
students charged with misde
meanors, one is scheduled for a
continuation of trial next Tues
day, two are scheduled for Feb. 10
and two are listed on the court
docket for Feb. 20.
The cases of the Stanford un
dergraduate charged with feloni
ous sex perversion and the teach
ing assistant charged with lewd
conduct will be presented in court
Friday.
All seven students and the. as
lant instructor were arrested last
week in a roundup of suspected
sex deviates who congregated in
the Palo Alto Southern Pacific
depot.
University officials are still
waiting for further developments
before taking any action regard
ing the students.
One of the six Stanford gradu
ate students arrested on charges
of lewd conduct was given a sus
pended sentence in Palo Alto-
Mountain View Municipal Court
Monday, contrary to the report
given in yesterday's issue of The
Daily.
Judge Paul I. Myers sentenced
the student to three months and
$100 fine, both of which were sus
pended with strict instructions
that the student undergo psychi
atric treatment until, in the opin
ion of the psychiatrist, the treat
ment should be discontinued.
Periodic probation reports were
also required of the convicted stu
dent.
Of the remaining five graduate
students charged with misde
meanors, one is scheduled for a
continuation of trial next Tues
day, two are scheduled for Feb. 10
and two are listed on the court
docket for Feb. 20.
The cases of the Stanford un
dergraduate charged with feloni
ous sex perversion and the teach
ing assistant charged with lewd
conduct will be presented in court
Friday.
All seven students and the. as
lant instructor were arrested last
week in a roundup of suspected
sex deviates who congregated in
the Palo Alto Southern Pacific
depot.
University officials are still
waiting for further developments
before taking any action regard
ing the students.
One of the six Stanford gradu
ate students arrested on charges
of lewd conduct was given a sus
pended sentence in Palo Alto-
Mountain View Municipal Court
Monday, contrary to the report
given in yesterday's issue of The
Daily.
Judge Paul I. Myers sentenced
the student to three months and
$100 fine, both of which were sus
pended with strict instructions
that the student undergo psychi
atric treatment until, in the opin
ion of the psychiatrist, the treat
ment should be discontinued.
Periodic probation reports were
also required of the convicted stu
dent.
Of the remaining five graduate
students charged with misde
meanors, one is scheduled for a
continuation of trial next Tues
day, two are scheduled for Feb. 10
and two are listed on the court
docket for Feb. 20.
The cases of the Stanford un
dergraduate charged with feloni
ous sex perversion and the teach
ing assistant charged with lewd
conduct will be presented in court
Friday.
All seven students and the. as
lant instructor were arrested last
week in a roundup of suspected
sex deviates who congregated in
the Palo Alto Southern Pacific
depot.
University officials are still
waiting for further developments
before taking any action regard
ing the students.
One of the six Stanford gradu
ate students arrested on charges
of lewd conduct was given a sus
pended sentence in Palo Alto-
Mountain View Municipal Court
Monday, contrary to the report
given in yesterday's issue of The
Daily.
Judge Paul I. Myers sentenced
the student to three months and
$100 fine, both of which were sus
pended with strict instructions
that the student undergo psychi
atric treatment until, in the opin
ion of the psychiatrist, the treat
ment should be discontinued.
Periodic probation reports were
also required of the convicted stu
dent.
Of the remaining five graduate
students charged with misde
meanors, one is scheduled for a
continuation of trial next Tues
day, two are scheduled for Feb. 10
and two are listed on the court
docket for Feb. 20.
The cases of the Stanford un
dergraduate charged with feloni
ous sex perversion and the teach
ing assistant charged with lewd
conduct will be presented in court
Friday.
All seven students and the. as
lant instructor were arrested last
week in a roundup of suspected
sex deviates who congregated in
the Palo Alto Southern Pacific
depot.
University officials are still
waiting for further developments
before taking any action regard
ing the students.
One of the six Stanford gradu
ate students arrested on charges
of lewd conduct was given a sus
pended sentence in Palo Alto-
Mountain View Municipal Court
Monday, contrary to the report
given in yesterday's issue of The
Daily.
Judge Paul I. Myers sentenced
the student to three months and
$100 fine, both of which were sus
pended with strict instructions
that the student undergo psychi
atric treatment until, in the opin
ion of the psychiatrist, the treat
ment should be discontinued.
Periodic probation reports were
also required of the convicted stu
dent.
Of the remaining five graduate
students charged with misde
meanors, one is scheduled for a
continuation of trial next Tues
day, two are scheduled for Feb. 10
and two are listed on the court
docket for Feb. 20.
The cases of the Stanford un
dergraduate charged with feloni
ous sex perversion and the teach
ing assistant charged with lewd
conduct will be presented in court
Friday.
All seven students and the. as
lant instructor were arrested last
week in a roundup of suspected
sex deviates who congregated in
the Palo Alto Southern Pacific
depot.
University officials are still
waiting for further developments
before taking any action regard
ing the students.
One of the six Stanford gradu
ate students arrested on charges
of lewd conduct was given a sus
pended sentence in Palo Alto-
Mountain View Municipal Court
Monday, contrary to the report
given in yesterday's issue of The
Daily.
Judge Paul I. Myers sentenced
the student to three months and
$100 fine, both of which were sus
pended with strict instructions
that the student undergo psychi
atric treatment until, in the opin
ion of the psychiatrist, the treat
ment should be discontinued.
Periodic probation reports were
also required of the convicted stu
dent.
Of the remaining five graduate
students charged with misde
meanors, one is scheduled for a
continuation of trial next Tues
day, two are scheduled for Feb. 10
and two are listed on the court
docket for Feb. 20.
The cases of the Stanford un
dergraduate charged with feloni
ous sex perversion and the teach
ing assistant charged with lewd
conduct will be presented in court
Friday.
All seven students and the. as
lant instructor were arrested last
week in a roundup of suspected
sex deviates who congregated in
the Palo Alto Southern Pacific
depot.
University officials are still
waiting for further developments
before taking any action regard
ing the students.
One of the six Stanford gradu
ate students arrested on charges
of lewd conduct was given a sus
pended sentence in Palo Alto-
Mountain View Municipal Court
Monday, contrary to the report
given in yesterday's issue of The
Daily.
Judge Paul I. Myers sentenced
the student to three months and
$100 fine, both of which were sus
pended with strict instructions
that the student undergo psychi
atric treatment until, in the opin
ion of the psychiatrist, the treat
ment should be discontinued.
Periodic probation reports were
also required of the convicted stu
dent.
Of the remaining five graduate
students charged with misde
meanors, one is scheduled for a
continuation of trial next Tues
day, two are scheduled for Feb. 10
and two are listed on the court
docket for Feb. 20.
The cases of the Stanford un
dergraduate charged with feloni
ous sex perversion and the teach
ing assistant charged with lewd
conduct will be presented in court
Friday.
All seven students and the. as
lant instructor were arrested last
week in a roundup of suspected
sex deviates who congregated in
the Palo Alto Southern Pacific
depot.
University officials are still
waiting for further developments
before taking any action regard
ing the students.
One of the six Stanford gradu
ate students arrested on charges
of lewd conduct was given a sus
pended sentence in Palo Alto-
Mountain View Municipal Court
Monday, contrary to the report
given in yesterday's issue of The
Daily.
Judge Paul I. Myers sentenced
the student to three months and
$100 fine, both of which were sus
pended with strict instructions
that the student undergo psychi
atric treatment until, in the opin
ion of the psychiatrist, the treat
ment should be discontinued.
Periodic probation reports were
also required of the convicted stu
dent.
Of the remaining five graduate
students charged with misde
meanors, one is scheduled for a
continuation of trial next Tues
day, two are scheduled for Feb. 10
and two are listed on the court
docket for Feb. 20.
The cases of the Stanford un
dergraduate charged with feloni
ous sex perversion and the teach
ing assistant charged with lewd
conduct will be presented in court
Friday.
All seven students and the. as
lant instructor were arrested last
week in a roundup of suspected
sex deviates who congregated in
the Palo Alto Southern Pacific
depot.
University officials are still
waiting for further developments
before taking any action regard
ing the students.
One of the six Stanford gradu
ate students arrested on charges
of lewd conduct was given a sus
pended sentence in Palo Alto-
Mountain View Municipal Court
Monday, contrary to the report
given in yesterday's issue of The
Daily.
Judge Paul I. Myers sentenced
the student to three months and
$100 fine, both of which were sus
pended with strict instructions
that the student undergo psychi
atric treatment until, in the opin
ion of the psychiatrist, the treat
ment should be discontinued.
Periodic probation reports were
also required of the convicted stu
dent.
Of the remaining five graduate
students charged with misde
meanors, one is scheduled for a
continuation of trial next Tues
day, two are scheduled for Feb. 10
and two are listed on the court
docket for Feb. 20.
The cases of the Stanford un
dergraduate charged with feloni
ous sex perversion and the teach
ing assistant charged with lewd
conduct will be presented in court
Friday.
All seven students and the. as
lant instructor were arrested last
week in a roundup of suspected
sex deviates who congregated in
the Palo Alto Southern Pacific
depot.
University officials are still
waiting for further developments
before taking any action regard
ing the students.
One of the six Stanford gradu
ate students arrested on charges
of lewd conduct was given a sus
pended sentence in Palo Alto-
Mountain View Municipal Court
Monday, contrary to the report
given in yesterday's issue of The
Daily.
Judge Paul I. Myers sentenced
the student to three months and
$100 fine, both of which were sus
pended with strict instructions
that the student undergo psychi
atric treatment until, in the opin
ion of the psychiatrist, the treat
ment should be discontinued.
Periodic probation reports were
also required of the convicted stu
dent.
Of the remaining five graduate
students charged with misde
meanors, one is scheduled for a
continuation of trial next Tues
day, two are scheduled for Feb. 10
and two are listed on the court
docket for Feb. 20.
The cases of the Stanford un
dergraduate charged with feloni
ous sex perversion and the teach
ing assistant charged with lewd
conduct will be presented in court
Friday.
All seven students and the. as
lant instructor were arrested last
week in a roundup of suspected
sex deviates who congregated in
the Palo Alto Southern Pacific
depot.
University officials are still
waiting for further developments
before taking any action regard
ing the students.
One of the six Stanford gradu
ate students arrested on charges
of lewd conduct was given a sus
pended sentence in Palo Alto-
Mountain View Municipal Court
Monday, contrary to the report
given in yesterday's issue of The
Daily.
Judge Paul I. Myers sentenced
the student to three months and
$100 fine, both of which were sus
pended with strict instructions
that the student undergo psychi
atric treatment until, in the opin
ion of the psychiatrist, the treat
ment should be discontinued.
Periodic probation reports were
also required of the convicted stu
dent.
Of the remaining five graduate
students charged with misde
meanors, one is scheduled for a
continuation of trial next Tues
day, two are scheduled for Feb. 10
and two are listed on the court
docket for Feb. 20.
The cases of the Stanford un
dergraduate charged with feloni
ous sex perversion and the teach
ing assistant charged with lewd
conduct will be presented in court
Friday.
All seven students and the. as
lant instructor were arrested last
week in a roundup of suspected
sex deviates who congregated in
the Palo Alto Southern Pacific
depot.
University officials are still
waiting for further developments
before taking any action regard
ing the students.
One of the six Stanford gradu
ate students arrested on charges
of lewd conduct was given a sus
pended sentence in Palo Alto-
Mountain View Municipal Court
Monday, contrary to the report
given in yesterday's issue of The
Daily.
Judge Paul I. Myers sentenced
the student to three months and
$100 fine, both of which were sus
pended with strict instructions
that the student undergo psychi
atric treatment until, in the opin
ion of the psychiatrist, the treat
ment should be discontinued.
Periodic probation reports were
also required of the convicted stu
dent.
Of the remaining five graduate
students charged with misde
meanors, one is scheduled for a
continuation of trial next Tues
day, two are scheduled for Feb. 10
and two are listed on the court
docket for Feb. 20.
The cases of the Stanford un
dergraduate charged with feloni
ous sex perversion and the teach
ing assistant charged with lewd
conduct will be presented in court
Friday.
All seven students and the. as
lant instructor were arrested last
week in a roundup of suspected
sex deviates who congregated in
the Palo Alto Southern Pacific
depot.
University officials are still
waiting for further developments
before taking any action regard
ing the students.
