# Lagunita Elections
## 
### 
Lagunita Court announces the
following midyear election re
sults: Alice Geary, president; Sue
Mailman, first vice president;
Mary Simmons, second vice presi
dent; Jane Trevor, secretary, and
Lee Holiday, chairman of Com
mittee of Seven,
Lagunita Court announces the
following midyear election re
sults: Alice Geary, president; Sue
Mailman, first vice president;
Mary Simmons, second vice presi
dent; Jane Trevor, secretary, and
Lee Holiday, chairman of Com
mittee of Seven,
Lagunita Court announces the
following midyear election re
sults: Alice Geary, president; Sue
Mailman, first vice president;
Mary Simmons, second vice presi
dent; Jane Trevor, secretary, and
Lee Holiday, chairman of Com
mittee of Seven,
Lagunita Court announces the
following midyear election re
sults: Alice Geary, president; Sue
Mailman, first vice president;
Mary Simmons, second vice presi
dent; Jane Trevor, secretary, and
Lee Holiday, chairman of Com
mittee of Seven,
Lagunita Court announces the
following midyear election re
sults: Alice Geary, president; Sue
Mailman, first vice president;
Mary Simmons, second vice presi
dent; Jane Trevor, secretary, and
Lee Holiday, chairman of Com
mittee of Seven,
Lagunita Court announces the
following midyear election re
sults: Alice Geary, president; Sue
Mailman, first vice president;
Mary Simmons, second vice presi
dent; Jane Trevor, secretary, and
Lee Holiday, chairman of Com
mittee of Seven,
Lagunita Court announces the
following midyear election re
sults: Alice Geary, president; Sue
Mailman, first vice president;
Mary Simmons, second vice presi
dent; Jane Trevor, secretary, and
Lee Holiday, chairman of Com
mittee of Seven,
Lagunita Court announces the
following midyear election re
sults: Alice Geary, president; Sue
Mailman, first vice president;
Mary Simmons, second vice presi
dent; Jane Trevor, secretary, and
Lee Holiday, chairman of Com
mittee of Seven,
Lagunita Court announces the
following midyear election re
sults: Alice Geary, president; Sue
Mailman, first vice president;
Mary Simmons, second vice presi
dent; Jane Trevor, secretary, and
Lee Holiday, chairman of Com
mittee of Seven,
Lagunita Court announces the
following midyear election re
sults: Alice Geary, president; Sue
Mailman, first vice president;
Mary Simmons, second vice presi
dent; Jane Trevor, secretary, and
Lee Holiday, chairman of Com
mittee of Seven,
Lagunita Court announces the
following midyear election re
sults: Alice Geary, president; Sue
Mailman, first vice president;
Mary Simmons, second vice presi
dent; Jane Trevor, secretary, and
Lee Holiday, chairman of Com
mittee of Seven,
Lagunita Court announces the
following midyear election re
sults: Alice Geary, president; Sue
Mailman, first vice president;
Mary Simmons, second vice presi
dent; Jane Trevor, secretary, and
Lee Holiday, chairman of Com
mittee of Seven,
Lagunita Court announces the
following midyear election re
sults: Alice Geary, president; Sue
Mailman, first vice president;
Mary Simmons, second vice presi
dent; Jane Trevor, secretary, and
Lee Holiday, chairman of Com
mittee of Seven,
Lagunita Court announces the
following midyear election re
sults: Alice Geary, president; Sue
Mailman, first vice president;
Mary Simmons, second vice presi
dent; Jane Trevor, secretary, and
Lee Holiday, chairman of Com
mittee of Seven,
Lagunita Court announces the
following midyear election re
sults: Alice Geary, president; Sue
Mailman, first vice president;
Mary Simmons, second vice presi
dent; Jane Trevor, secretary, and
Lee Holiday, chairman of Com
mittee of Seven,
