# El Cuadro Elections
## 
### 
El Cuadro elected the following
officers at their last meeting: Stu
Schmid, president; Jack Ledger,
vice-president; Julius Bellaschi,
athletic chairman.
El Cuadro elected the following
officers at their last meeting: Stu
Schmid, president; Jack Ledger,
vice-president; Julius Bellaschi,
athletic chairman.
El Cuadro elected the following
officers at their last meeting: Stu
Schmid, president; Jack Ledger,
vice-president; Julius Bellaschi,
athletic chairman.
El Cuadro elected the following
officers at their last meeting: Stu
Schmid, president; Jack Ledger,
vice-president; Julius Bellaschi,
athletic chairman.
El Cuadro elected the following
officers at their last meeting: Stu
Schmid, president; Jack Ledger,
vice-president; Julius Bellaschi,
athletic chairman.
El Cuadro elected the following
officers at their last meeting: Stu
Schmid, president; Jack Ledger,
vice-president; Julius Bellaschi,
athletic chairman.
El Cuadro elected the following
officers at their last meeting: Stu
Schmid, president; Jack Ledger,
vice-president; Julius Bellaschi,
athletic chairman.
El Cuadro elected the following
officers at their last meeting: Stu
Schmid, president; Jack Ledger,
vice-president; Julius Bellaschi,
athletic chairman.
El Cuadro elected the following
officers at their last meeting: Stu
Schmid, president; Jack Ledger,
vice-president; Julius Bellaschi,
athletic chairman.
El Cuadro elected the following
officers at their last meeting: Stu
Schmid, president; Jack Ledger,
vice-president; Julius Bellaschi,
athletic chairman.
El Cuadro elected the following
officers at their last meeting: Stu
Schmid, president; Jack Ledger,
vice-president; Julius Bellaschi,
athletic chairman.
El Cuadro elected the following
officers at their last meeting: Stu
Schmid, president; Jack Ledger,
vice-president; Julius Bellaschi,
athletic chairman.
El Cuadro elected the following
officers at their last meeting: Stu
Schmid, president; Jack Ledger,
vice-president; Julius Bellaschi,
athletic chairman.
El Cuadro elected the following
officers at their last meeting: Stu
Schmid, president; Jack Ledger,
vice-president; Julius Bellaschi,
athletic chairman.
El Cuadro elected the following
officers at their last meeting: Stu
Schmid, president; Jack Ledger,
vice-president; Julius Bellaschi,
athletic chairman.
