# Golf Club Will Meet Tomorrow Afternoon
## 
### 
Stanford CJolf club enthusiasts will
have their first chance to talk over
tentative plans at a meeting to be
held at Flncina gym at 5 o'clock to
morrow afternoon. At that time ar
rangement to use the Menlo country
club grounds will be considered, and
plans for a match with California
about December fi. will also be dis
cussed.
Stanford CJolf club enthusiasts will
have their first chance to talk over
tentative plans at a meeting to be
held at Flncina gym at 5 o'clock to
morrow afternoon. At that time ar
rangement to use the Menlo country
club grounds will be considered, and
plans for a match with California
about December fi. will also be dis
cussed.
Stanford CJolf club enthusiasts will
have their first chance to talk over
tentative plans at a meeting to be
held at Flncina gym at 5 o'clock to
morrow afternoon. At that time ar
rangement to use the Menlo country
club grounds will be considered, and
plans for a match with California
about December fi. will also be dis
cussed.
Stanford CJolf club enthusiasts will
have their first chance to talk over
tentative plans at a meeting to be
held at Flncina gym at 5 o'clock to
morrow afternoon. At that time ar
rangement to use the Menlo country
club grounds will be considered, and
plans for a match with California
about December fi. will also be dis
cussed.
Stanford CJolf club enthusiasts will
have their first chance to talk over
tentative plans at a meeting to be
held at Flncina gym at 5 o'clock to
morrow afternoon. At that time ar
rangement to use the Menlo country
club grounds will be considered, and
plans for a match with California
about December fi. will also be dis
cussed.
Stanford CJolf club enthusiasts will
have their first chance to talk over
tentative plans at a meeting to be
held at Flncina gym at 5 o'clock to
morrow afternoon. At that time ar
rangement to use the Menlo country
club grounds will be considered, and
plans for a match with California
about December fi. will also be dis
cussed.
Stanford CJolf club enthusiasts will
have their first chance to talk over
tentative plans at a meeting to be
held at Flncina gym at 5 o'clock to
morrow afternoon. At that time ar
rangement to use the Menlo country
club grounds will be considered, and
plans for a match with California
about December fi. will also be dis
cussed.
Stanford CJolf club enthusiasts will
have their first chance to talk over
tentative plans at a meeting to be
held at Flncina gym at 5 o'clock to
morrow afternoon. At that time ar
rangement to use the Menlo country
club grounds will be considered, and
plans for a match with California
about December fi. will also be dis
cussed.
Stanford CJolf club enthusiasts will
have their first chance to talk over
tentative plans at a meeting to be
held at Flncina gym at 5 o'clock to
morrow afternoon. At that time ar
rangement to use the Menlo country
club grounds will be considered, and
plans for a match with California
about December fi. will also be dis
cussed.
Stanford CJolf club enthusiasts will
have their first chance to talk over
tentative plans at a meeting to be
held at Flncina gym at 5 o'clock to
morrow afternoon. At that time ar
rangement to use the Menlo country
club grounds will be considered, and
plans for a match with California
about December fi. will also be dis
cussed.
Stanford CJolf club enthusiasts will
have their first chance to talk over
tentative plans at a meeting to be
held at Flncina gym at 5 o'clock to
morrow afternoon. At that time ar
rangement to use the Menlo country
club grounds will be considered, and
plans for a match with California
about December fi. will also be dis
cussed.
Stanford CJolf club enthusiasts will
have their first chance to talk over
tentative plans at a meeting to be
held at Flncina gym at 5 o'clock to
morrow afternoon. At that time ar
rangement to use the Menlo country
club grounds will be considered, and
plans for a match with California
about December fi. will also be dis
cussed.
Stanford CJolf club enthusiasts will
have their first chance to talk over
tentative plans at a meeting to be
held at Flncina gym at 5 o'clock to
morrow afternoon. At that time ar
rangement to use the Menlo country
club grounds will be considered, and
plans for a match with California
about December fi. will also be dis
cussed.
Stanford CJolf club enthusiasts will
have their first chance to talk over
tentative plans at a meeting to be
held at Flncina gym at 5 o'clock to
morrow afternoon. At that time ar
rangement to use the Menlo country
club grounds will be considered, and
plans for a match with California
about December fi. will also be dis
cussed.
Stanford CJolf club enthusiasts will
have their first chance to talk over
tentative plans at a meeting to be
held at Flncina gym at 5 o'clock to
morrow afternoon. At that time ar
rangement to use the Menlo country
club grounds will be considered, and
plans for a match with California
about December fi. will also be dis
cussed.
Stanford CJolf club enthusiasts will
have their first chance to talk over
tentative plans at a meeting to be
held at Flncina gym at 5 o'clock to
morrow afternoon. At that time ar
rangement to use the Menlo country
club grounds will be considered, and
plans for a match with California
about December fi. will also be dis
cussed.
