# Women's Interclass Tennis Tournament Is Started
## 
### 
Interclass tennis tournaments are to
be started at once, despite the fact
that there will be no intercollegate
games until the spring quarter. A
large number of women from the two
lower classes have signed up and will
compete, but the showing from the
Junior and Senior classes is very
small.
A sign up sheet has been placed on
the bulletin board in the Roble gym
nasium, and all women interested in
tennis are urged to register their
names and classes. As soon as all
the entries are in, drawing will he
held. It is hoped that they can he
hold at the end of this week, and the
tennis tournaments will be held im
mediately.
Interclass tennis tournaments are to
be started at once, despite the fact
that there will be no intercollegate
games until the spring quarter. A
large number of women from the two
lower classes have signed up and will
compete, but the showing from the
Junior and Senior classes is very
small.
A sign up sheet has been placed on
the bulletin board in the Roble gym
nasium, and all women interested in
tennis are urged to register their
names and classes. As soon as all
the entries are in, drawing will he
held. It is hoped that they can he
hold at the end of this week, and the
tennis tournaments will be held im
mediately.
Interclass tennis tournaments are to
be started at once, despite the fact
that there will be no intercollegate
games until the spring quarter. A
large number of women from the two
lower classes have signed up and will
compete, but the showing from the
Junior and Senior classes is very
small.
A sign up sheet has been placed on
the bulletin board in the Roble gym
nasium, and all women interested in
tennis are urged to register their
names and classes. As soon as all
the entries are in, drawing will he
held. It is hoped that they can he
hold at the end of this week, and the
tennis tournaments will be held im
mediately.
Interclass tennis tournaments are to
be started at once, despite the fact
that there will be no intercollegate
games until the spring quarter. A
large number of women from the two
lower classes have signed up and will
compete, but the showing from the
Junior and Senior classes is very
small.
A sign up sheet has been placed on
the bulletin board in the Roble gym
nasium, and all women interested in
tennis are urged to register their
names and classes. As soon as all
the entries are in, drawing will he
held. It is hoped that they can he
hold at the end of this week, and the
tennis tournaments will be held im
mediately.
Interclass tennis tournaments are to
be started at once, despite the fact
that there will be no intercollegate
games until the spring quarter. A
large number of women from the two
lower classes have signed up and will
compete, but the showing from the
Junior and Senior classes is very
small.
A sign up sheet has been placed on
the bulletin board in the Roble gym
nasium, and all women interested in
tennis are urged to register their
names and classes. As soon as all
the entries are in, drawing will he
held. It is hoped that they can he
hold at the end of this week, and the
tennis tournaments will be held im
mediately.
Interclass tennis tournaments are to
be started at once, despite the fact
that there will be no intercollegate
games until the spring quarter. A
large number of women from the two
lower classes have signed up and will
compete, but the showing from the
Junior and Senior classes is very
small.
A sign up sheet has been placed on
the bulletin board in the Roble gym
nasium, and all women interested in
tennis are urged to register their
names and classes. As soon as all
the entries are in, drawing will he
held. It is hoped that they can he
hold at the end of this week, and the
tennis tournaments will be held im
mediately.
Interclass tennis tournaments are to
be started at once, despite the fact
that there will be no intercollegate
games until the spring quarter. A
large number of women from the two
lower classes have signed up and will
compete, but the showing from the
Junior and Senior classes is very
small.
A sign up sheet has been placed on
the bulletin board in the Roble gym
nasium, and all women interested in
tennis are urged to register their
names and classes. As soon as all
the entries are in, drawing will he
held. It is hoped that they can he
hold at the end of this week, and the
tennis tournaments will be held im
mediately.
Interclass tennis tournaments are to
be started at once, despite the fact
that there will be no intercollegate
games until the spring quarter. A
large number of women from the two
lower classes have signed up and will
compete, but the showing from the
Junior and Senior classes is very
small.
A sign up sheet has been placed on
the bulletin board in the Roble gym
nasium, and all women interested in
tennis are urged to register their
names and classes. As soon as all
the entries are in, drawing will he
held. It is hoped that they can he
hold at the end of this week, and the
tennis tournaments will be held im
mediately.
Interclass tennis tournaments are to
be started at once, despite the fact
that there will be no intercollegate
games until the spring quarter. A
large number of women from the two
lower classes have signed up and will
compete, but the showing from the
Junior and Senior classes is very
small.
A sign up sheet has been placed on
the bulletin board in the Roble gym
nasium, and all women interested in
tennis are urged to register their
names and classes. As soon as all
the entries are in, drawing will he
held. It is hoped that they can he
hold at the end of this week, and the
tennis tournaments will be held im
mediately.
Interclass tennis tournaments are to
be started at once, despite the fact
that there will be no intercollegate
games until the spring quarter. A
large number of women from the two
lower classes have signed up and will
compete, but the showing from the
Junior and Senior classes is very
small.
A sign up sheet has been placed on
the bulletin board in the Roble gym
nasium, and all women interested in
tennis are urged to register their
names and classes. As soon as all
the entries are in, drawing will he
held. It is hoped that they can he
hold at the end of this week, and the
tennis tournaments will be held im
mediately.
Interclass tennis tournaments are to
be started at once, despite the fact
that there will be no intercollegate
games until the spring quarter. A
large number of women from the two
lower classes have signed up and will
compete, but the showing from the
Junior and Senior classes is very
small.
A sign up sheet has been placed on
the bulletin board in the Roble gym
nasium, and all women interested in
tennis are urged to register their
names and classes. As soon as all
the entries are in, drawing will he
held. It is hoped that they can he
hold at the end of this week, and the
tennis tournaments will be held im
mediately.
Interclass tennis tournaments are to
be started at once, despite the fact
that there will be no intercollegate
games until the spring quarter. A
large number of women from the two
lower classes have signed up and will
compete, but the showing from the
Junior and Senior classes is very
small.
A sign up sheet has been placed on
the bulletin board in the Roble gym
nasium, and all women interested in
tennis are urged to register their
names and classes. As soon as all
the entries are in, drawing will he
held. It is hoped that they can he
hold at the end of this week, and the
tennis tournaments will be held im
mediately.
Interclass tennis tournaments are to
be started at once, despite the fact
that there will be no intercollegate
games until the spring quarter. A
large number of women from the two
lower classes have signed up and will
compete, but the showing from the
Junior and Senior classes is very
small.
A sign up sheet has been placed on
the bulletin board in the Roble gym
nasium, and all women interested in
tennis are urged to register their
names and classes. As soon as all
the entries are in, drawing will he
held. It is hoped that they can he
hold at the end of this week, and the
tennis tournaments will be held im
mediately.
Interclass tennis tournaments are to
be started at once, despite the fact
that there will be no intercollegate
games until the spring quarter. A
large number of women from the two
lower classes have signed up and will
compete, but the showing from the
Junior and Senior classes is very
small.
A sign up sheet has been placed on
the bulletin board in the Roble gym
nasium, and all women interested in
tennis are urged to register their
names and classes. As soon as all
the entries are in, drawing will he
held. It is hoped that they can he
hold at the end of this week, and the
tennis tournaments will be held im
mediately.
Interclass tennis tournaments are to
be started at once, despite the fact
that there will be no intercollegate
games until the spring quarter. A
large number of women from the two
lower classes have signed up and will
compete, but the showing from the
Junior and Senior classes is very
small.
A sign up sheet has been placed on
the bulletin board in the Roble gym
nasium, and all women interested in
tennis are urged to register their
names and classes. As soon as all
the entries are in, drawing will he
held. It is hoped that they can he
hold at the end of this week, and the
tennis tournaments will be held im
mediately.
Interclass tennis tournaments are to
be started at once, despite the fact
that there will be no intercollegate
games until the spring quarter. A
large number of women from the two
lower classes have signed up and will
compete, but the showing from the
Junior and Senior classes is very
small.
A sign up sheet has been placed on
the bulletin board in the Roble gym
nasium, and all women interested in
tennis are urged to register their
names and classes. As soon as all
the entries are in, drawing will he
held. It is hoped that they can he
hold at the end of this week, and the
tennis tournaments will be held im
mediately.
