# Untitled Article
## 
### 
"Two steps in" is a
Palo-Alto-based "Jour
nal of the Arts." It is
published twice a year.
Contributions to "two
steps in" include poetry,
fiction, translated
works, photography,
drawings and musical
scores; contributors in
clude a good number of
Stanford students, fa
culty, and staff mem
bers as well as persons
rooted everywhere
from just off-campus to
Germany.
The artwork at left —
by Sarah O'Boyle-
Maxwell — is from the
latest issue of "two steps
in." The magazine is on
sale for $2.00 at most
every local bookstore,
(including Stanford's);
all money accrued from
sales goes directly to
ward publishing costs.
And "two steps in"
welcomes contributions
("all of the above, plus
any other media that are
applicable to magazine
form.") All those in
terested to send submis
sions to "two steps in,"
Box 11425, Palo Alto,
California 94306.

"Two steps in" is a
Palo-Alto-based "Jour
nal of the Arts." It is
published twice a year.
Contributions to "two
steps in" include poetry,
fiction, translated
works, photography,
drawings and musical
scores; contributors in
clude a good number of
Stanford students, fa
culty, and staff mem
bers as well as persons
rooted everywhere
from just off-campus to
Germany.
The artwork at left —
by Sarah O'Boyle-
Maxwell — is from the
latest issue of "two steps
in." The magazine is on
sale for $2.00 at most
every local bookstore,
(including Stanford's);
all money accrued from
sales goes directly to
ward publishing costs.
And "two steps in"
welcomes contributions
("all of the above, plus
any other media that are
applicable to magazine
form.") All those in
terested to send submis
sions to "two steps in,"
Box 11425, Palo Alto,
California 94306.

"Two steps in" is a
Palo-Alto-based "Jour
nal of the Arts." It is
published twice a year.
Contributions to "two
steps in" include poetry,
fiction, translated
works, photography,
drawings and musical
scores; contributors in
clude a good number of
Stanford students, fa
culty, and staff mem
bers as well as persons
rooted everywhere
from just off-campus to
Germany.
The artwork at left —
by Sarah O'Boyle-
Maxwell — is from the
latest issue of "two steps
in." The magazine is on
sale for $2.00 at most
every local bookstore,
(including Stanford's);
all money accrued from
sales goes directly to
ward publishing costs.
And "two steps in"
welcomes contributions
("all of the above, plus
any other media that are
applicable to magazine
form.") All those in
terested to send submis
sions to "two steps in,"
Box 11425, Palo Alto,
California 94306.

"Two steps in" is a
Palo-Alto-based "Jour
nal of the Arts." It is
published twice a year.
Contributions to "two
steps in" include poetry,
fiction, translated
works, photography,
drawings and musical
scores; contributors in
clude a good number of
Stanford students, fa
culty, and staff mem
bers as well as persons
rooted everywhere
from just off-campus to
Germany.
The artwork at left —
by Sarah O'Boyle-
Maxwell — is from the
latest issue of "two steps
in." The magazine is on
sale for $2.00 at most
every local bookstore,
(including Stanford's);
all money accrued from
sales goes directly to
ward publishing costs.
And "two steps in"
welcomes contributions
("all of the above, plus
any other media that are
applicable to magazine
form.") All those in
terested to send submis
sions to "two steps in,"
Box 11425, Palo Alto,
California 94306.

"Two steps in" is a
Palo-Alto-based "Jour
nal of the Arts." It is
published twice a year.
Contributions to "two
steps in" include poetry,
fiction, translated
works, photography,
drawings and musical
scores; contributors in
clude a good number of
Stanford students, fa
culty, and staff mem
bers as well as persons
rooted everywhere
from just off-campus to
Germany.
The artwork at left —
by Sarah O'Boyle-
Maxwell — is from the
latest issue of "two steps
in." The magazine is on
sale for $2.00 at most
every local bookstore,
(including Stanford's);
all money accrued from
sales goes directly to
ward publishing costs.
And "two steps in"
welcomes contributions
("all of the above, plus
any other media that are
applicable to magazine
form.") All those in
terested to send submis
sions to "two steps in,"
Box 11425, Palo Alto,
California 94306.

"Two steps in" is a
Palo-Alto-based "Jour
nal of the Arts." It is
published twice a year.
Contributions to "two
steps in" include poetry,
fiction, translated
works, photography,
drawings and musical
scores; contributors in
clude a good number of
Stanford students, fa
culty, and staff mem
bers as well as persons
rooted everywhere
from just off-campus to
Germany.
The artwork at left —
by Sarah O'Boyle-
Maxwell — is from the
latest issue of "two steps
in." The magazine is on
sale for $2.00 at most
every local bookstore,
(including Stanford's);
all money accrued from
sales goes directly to
ward publishing costs.
And "two steps in"
welcomes contributions
("all of the above, plus
any other media that are
applicable to magazine
form.") All those in
terested to send submis
sions to "two steps in,"
Box 11425, Palo Alto,
California 94306.

"Two steps in" is a
Palo-Alto-based "Jour
nal of the Arts." It is
published twice a year.
Contributions to "two
steps in" include poetry,
fiction, translated
works, photography,
drawings and musical
scores; contributors in
clude a good number of
Stanford students, fa
culty, and staff mem
bers as well as persons
rooted everywhere
from just off-campus to
Germany.
The artwork at left —
by Sarah O'Boyle-
Maxwell — is from the
latest issue of "two steps
in." The magazine is on
sale for $2.00 at most
every local bookstore,
(including Stanford's);
all money accrued from
sales goes directly to
ward publishing costs.
And "two steps in"
welcomes contributions
("all of the above, plus
any other media that are
applicable to magazine
form.") All those in
terested to send submis
sions to "two steps in,"
Box 11425, Palo Alto,
California 94306.

"Two steps in" is a
Palo-Alto-based "Jour
nal of the Arts." It is
published twice a year.
Contributions to "two
steps in" include poetry,
fiction, translated
works, photography,
drawings and musical
scores; contributors in
clude a good number of
Stanford students, fa
culty, and staff mem
bers as well as persons
rooted everywhere
from just off-campus to
Germany.
The artwork at left —
by Sarah O'Boyle-
Maxwell — is from the
latest issue of "two steps
in." The magazine is on
sale for $2.00 at most
every local bookstore,
(including Stanford's);
all money accrued from
sales goes directly to
ward publishing costs.
And "two steps in"
welcomes contributions
("all of the above, plus
any other media that are
applicable to magazine
form.") All those in
terested to send submis
sions to "two steps in,"
Box 11425, Palo Alto,
California 94306.

"Two steps in" is a
Palo-Alto-based "Jour
nal of the Arts." It is
published twice a year.
Contributions to "two
steps in" include poetry,
fiction, translated
works, photography,
drawings and musical
scores; contributors in
clude a good number of
Stanford students, fa
culty, and staff mem
bers as well as persons
rooted everywhere
from just off-campus to
Germany.
The artwork at left —
by Sarah O'Boyle-
Maxwell — is from the
latest issue of "two steps
in." The magazine is on
sale for $2.00 at most
every local bookstore,
(including Stanford's);
all money accrued from
sales goes directly to
ward publishing costs.
And "two steps in"
welcomes contributions
("all of the above, plus
any other media that are
applicable to magazine
form.") All those in
terested to send submis
sions to "two steps in,"
Box 11425, Palo Alto,
California 94306.

"Two steps in" is a
Palo-Alto-based "Jour
nal of the Arts." It is
published twice a year.
Contributions to "two
steps in" include poetry,
fiction, translated
works, photography,
drawings and musical
scores; contributors in
clude a good number of
Stanford students, fa
culty, and staff mem
bers as well as persons
rooted everywhere
from just off-campus to
Germany.
The artwork at left —
by Sarah O'Boyle-
Maxwell — is from the
latest issue of "two steps
in." The magazine is on
sale for $2.00 at most
every local bookstore,
(including Stanford's);
all money accrued from
sales goes directly to
ward publishing costs.
And "two steps in"
welcomes contributions
("all of the above, plus
any other media that are
applicable to magazine
form.") All those in
terested to send submis
sions to "two steps in,"
Box 11425, Palo Alto,
California 94306.

"Two steps in" is a
Palo-Alto-based "Jour
nal of the Arts." It is
published twice a year.
Contributions to "two
steps in" include poetry,
fiction, translated
works, photography,
drawings and musical
scores; contributors in
clude a good number of
Stanford students, fa
culty, and staff mem
bers as well as persons
rooted everywhere
from just off-campus to
Germany.
The artwork at left —
by Sarah O'Boyle-
Maxwell — is from the
latest issue of "two steps
in." The magazine is on
sale for $2.00 at most
every local bookstore,
(including Stanford's);
all money accrued from
sales goes directly to
ward publishing costs.
And "two steps in"
welcomes contributions
("all of the above, plus
any other media that are
applicable to magazine
form.") All those in
terested to send submis
sions to "two steps in,"
Box 11425, Palo Alto,
California 94306.

"Two steps in" is a
Palo-Alto-based "Jour
nal of the Arts." It is
published twice a year.
Contributions to "two
steps in" include poetry,
fiction, translated
works, photography,
drawings and musical
scores; contributors in
clude a good number of
Stanford students, fa
culty, and staff mem
bers as well as persons
rooted everywhere
from just off-campus to
Germany.
The artwork at left —
by Sarah O'Boyle-
Maxwell — is from the
latest issue of "two steps
in." The magazine is on
sale for $2.00 at most
every local bookstore,
(including Stanford's);
all money accrued from
sales goes directly to
ward publishing costs.
And "two steps in"
welcomes contributions
("all of the above, plus
any other media that are
applicable to magazine
form.") All those in
terested to send submis
sions to "two steps in,"
Box 11425, Palo Alto,
California 94306.

"Two steps in" is a
Palo-Alto-based "Jour
nal of the Arts." It is
published twice a year.
Contributions to "two
steps in" include poetry,
fiction, translated
works, photography,
drawings and musical
scores; contributors in
clude a good number of
Stanford students, fa
culty, and staff mem
bers as well as persons
rooted everywhere
from just off-campus to
Germany.
The artwork at left —
by Sarah O'Boyle-
Maxwell — is from the
latest issue of "two steps
in." The magazine is on
sale for $2.00 at most
every local bookstore,
(including Stanford's);
all money accrued from
sales goes directly to
ward publishing costs.
And "two steps in"
welcomes contributions
("all of the above, plus
any other media that are
applicable to magazine
form.") All those in
terested to send submis
sions to "two steps in,"
Box 11425, Palo Alto,
California 94306.

