# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
PASCOK ENGAGED
Still man House announces the
engagement of Judy Pascoe, ’6l,
to Mike Thompson, ’6l, Phi Gam
ma Delta.
PASCOK ENGAGED
Still man House announces the
engagement of Judy Pascoe, ’6l,
to Mike Thompson, ’6l, Phi Gam
ma Delta.
PASCOK ENGAGED
Still man House announces the
engagement of Judy Pascoe, ’6l,
to Mike Thompson, ’6l, Phi Gam
ma Delta.
PASCOK ENGAGED
Still man House announces the
engagement of Judy Pascoe, ’6l,
to Mike Thompson, ’6l, Phi Gam
ma Delta.
PASCOK ENGAGED
Still man House announces the
engagement of Judy Pascoe, ’6l,
to Mike Thompson, ’6l, Phi Gam
ma Delta.
PASCOK ENGAGED
Still man House announces the
engagement of Judy Pascoe, ’6l,
to Mike Thompson, ’6l, Phi Gam
ma Delta.
PASCOK ENGAGED
Still man House announces the
engagement of Judy Pascoe, ’6l,
to Mike Thompson, ’6l, Phi Gam
ma Delta.
PASCOK ENGAGED
Still man House announces the
engagement of Judy Pascoe, ’6l,
to Mike Thompson, ’6l, Phi Gam
ma Delta.
PASCOK ENGAGED
Still man House announces the
engagement of Judy Pascoe, ’6l,
to Mike Thompson, ’6l, Phi Gam
ma Delta.
PASCOK ENGAGED
Still man House announces the
engagement of Judy Pascoe, ’6l,
to Mike Thompson, ’6l, Phi Gam
ma Delta.
PASCOK ENGAGED
Still man House announces the
engagement of Judy Pascoe, ’6l,
to Mike Thompson, ’6l, Phi Gam
ma Delta.
PASCOK ENGAGED
Still man House announces the
engagement of Judy Pascoe, ’6l,
to Mike Thompson, ’6l, Phi Gam
ma Delta.
PASCOK ENGAGED
Still man House announces the
engagement of Judy Pascoe, ’6l,
to Mike Thompson, ’6l, Phi Gam
ma Delta.
PASCOK ENGAGED
Still man House announces the
engagement of Judy Pascoe, ’6l,
to Mike Thompson, ’6l, Phi Gam
ma Delta.
PASCOK ENGAGED
Still man House announces the
engagement of Judy Pascoe, ’6l,
to Mike Thompson, ’6l, Phi Gam
ma Delta.
PASCOK ENGAGED
Still man House announces the
engagement of Judy Pascoe, ’6l,
to Mike Thompson, ’6l, Phi Gam
ma Delta.
