# IIR to Greet High-Schoolers At Latin-American Conference
## 
### 
The HR will host Northern Cali
fornia high school students at a
three-day conference on Latin
America on campus this weekend.
The conference wilt open at 8
o’clock this evening with an ad
dress by Prof. Ronald Hilton, di
rector of the Institute of Hispanic
American and Luso-Brazilian Stu
dies. The speech, to he given in
the Physics Lecture Hall, is open
to the public.
Students will meet in small dis
cussion groups Saturday and will
also have an opportunity to meet
with a University scholarship
committee.
After a general session Sunday
morning, they will attend Me
morial Church services. The con

ference closes Sunday with a re
ception at Bowman Alumni
House.
The visiting students will be
housed on campus girls in the
Women’s Gym. boys in fraternity
houses.
The HR will host Northern Cali
fornia high school students at a
three-day conference on Latin
America on campus this weekend.
The conference wilt open at 8
o’clock this evening with an ad
dress by Prof. Ronald Hilton, di
rector of the Institute of Hispanic
American and Luso-Brazilian Stu
dies. The speech, to he given in
the Physics Lecture Hall, is open
to the public.
Students will meet in small dis
cussion groups Saturday and will
also have an opportunity to meet
with a University scholarship
committee.
After a general session Sunday
morning, they will attend Me
morial Church services. The con

ference closes Sunday with a re
ception at Bowman Alumni
House.
The visiting students will be
housed on campus girls in the
Women’s Gym. boys in fraternity
houses.
The HR will host Northern Cali
fornia high school students at a
three-day conference on Latin
America on campus this weekend.
The conference wilt open at 8
o’clock this evening with an ad
dress by Prof. Ronald Hilton, di
rector of the Institute of Hispanic
American and Luso-Brazilian Stu
dies. The speech, to he given in
the Physics Lecture Hall, is open
to the public.
Students will meet in small dis
cussion groups Saturday and will
also have an opportunity to meet
with a University scholarship
committee.
After a general session Sunday
morning, they will attend Me
morial Church services. The con

ference closes Sunday with a re
ception at Bowman Alumni
House.
The visiting students will be
housed on campus girls in the
Women’s Gym. boys in fraternity
houses.
The HR will host Northern Cali
fornia high school students at a
three-day conference on Latin
America on campus this weekend.
The conference wilt open at 8
o’clock this evening with an ad
dress by Prof. Ronald Hilton, di
rector of the Institute of Hispanic
American and Luso-Brazilian Stu
dies. The speech, to he given in
the Physics Lecture Hall, is open
to the public.
Students will meet in small dis
cussion groups Saturday and will
also have an opportunity to meet
with a University scholarship
committee.
After a general session Sunday
morning, they will attend Me
morial Church services. The con

ference closes Sunday with a re
ception at Bowman Alumni
House.
The visiting students will be
housed on campus girls in the
Women’s Gym. boys in fraternity
houses.
The HR will host Northern Cali
fornia high school students at a
three-day conference on Latin
America on campus this weekend.
The conference wilt open at 8
o’clock this evening with an ad
dress by Prof. Ronald Hilton, di
rector of the Institute of Hispanic
American and Luso-Brazilian Stu
dies. The speech, to he given in
the Physics Lecture Hall, is open
to the public.
Students will meet in small dis
cussion groups Saturday and will
also have an opportunity to meet
with a University scholarship
committee.
After a general session Sunday
morning, they will attend Me
morial Church services. The con

ference closes Sunday with a re
ception at Bowman Alumni
House.
The visiting students will be
housed on campus girls in the
Women’s Gym. boys in fraternity
houses.
The HR will host Northern Cali
fornia high school students at a
three-day conference on Latin
America on campus this weekend.
The conference wilt open at 8
o’clock this evening with an ad
dress by Prof. Ronald Hilton, di
rector of the Institute of Hispanic
American and Luso-Brazilian Stu
dies. The speech, to he given in
the Physics Lecture Hall, is open
to the public.
Students will meet in small dis
cussion groups Saturday and will
also have an opportunity to meet
with a University scholarship
committee.
After a general session Sunday
morning, they will attend Me
morial Church services. The con

ference closes Sunday with a re
ception at Bowman Alumni
House.
The visiting students will be
housed on campus girls in the
Women’s Gym. boys in fraternity
houses.
The HR will host Northern Cali
fornia high school students at a
three-day conference on Latin
America on campus this weekend.
The conference wilt open at 8
o’clock this evening with an ad
dress by Prof. Ronald Hilton, di
rector of the Institute of Hispanic
American and Luso-Brazilian Stu
dies. The speech, to he given in
the Physics Lecture Hall, is open
to the public.
Students will meet in small dis
cussion groups Saturday and will
also have an opportunity to meet
with a University scholarship
committee.
After a general session Sunday
morning, they will attend Me
morial Church services. The con

ference closes Sunday with a re
ception at Bowman Alumni
House.
The visiting students will be
housed on campus girls in the
Women’s Gym. boys in fraternity
houses.
The HR will host Northern Cali
fornia high school students at a
three-day conference on Latin
America on campus this weekend.
The conference wilt open at 8
o’clock this evening with an ad
dress by Prof. Ronald Hilton, di
rector of the Institute of Hispanic
American and Luso-Brazilian Stu
dies. The speech, to he given in
the Physics Lecture Hall, is open
to the public.
Students will meet in small dis
cussion groups Saturday and will
also have an opportunity to meet
with a University scholarship
committee.
After a general session Sunday
morning, they will attend Me
morial Church services. The con

ference closes Sunday with a re
ception at Bowman Alumni
House.
The visiting students will be
housed on campus girls in the
Women’s Gym. boys in fraternity
houses.
The HR will host Northern Cali
fornia high school students at a
three-day conference on Latin
America on campus this weekend.
The conference wilt open at 8
o’clock this evening with an ad
dress by Prof. Ronald Hilton, di
rector of the Institute of Hispanic
American and Luso-Brazilian Stu
dies. The speech, to he given in
the Physics Lecture Hall, is open
to the public.
Students will meet in small dis
cussion groups Saturday and will
also have an opportunity to meet
with a University scholarship
committee.
After a general session Sunday
morning, they will attend Me
morial Church services. The con

ference closes Sunday with a re
ception at Bowman Alumni
House.
The visiting students will be
housed on campus girls in the
Women’s Gym. boys in fraternity
houses.
The HR will host Northern Cali
fornia high school students at a
three-day conference on Latin
America on campus this weekend.
The conference wilt open at 8
o’clock this evening with an ad
dress by Prof. Ronald Hilton, di
rector of the Institute of Hispanic
American and Luso-Brazilian Stu
dies. The speech, to he given in
the Physics Lecture Hall, is open
to the public.
Students will meet in small dis
cussion groups Saturday and will
also have an opportunity to meet
with a University scholarship
committee.
After a general session Sunday
morning, they will attend Me
morial Church services. The con

ference closes Sunday with a re
ception at Bowman Alumni
House.
The visiting students will be
housed on campus girls in the
Women’s Gym. boys in fraternity
houses.
The HR will host Northern Cali
fornia high school students at a
three-day conference on Latin
America on campus this weekend.
The conference wilt open at 8
o’clock this evening with an ad
dress by Prof. Ronald Hilton, di
rector of the Institute of Hispanic
American and Luso-Brazilian Stu
dies. The speech, to he given in
the Physics Lecture Hall, is open
to the public.
Students will meet in small dis
cussion groups Saturday and will
also have an opportunity to meet
with a University scholarship
committee.
After a general session Sunday
morning, they will attend Me
morial Church services. The con

ference closes Sunday with a re
ception at Bowman Alumni
House.
The visiting students will be
housed on campus girls in the
Women’s Gym. boys in fraternity
houses.
The HR will host Northern Cali
fornia high school students at a
three-day conference on Latin
America on campus this weekend.
The conference wilt open at 8
o’clock this evening with an ad
dress by Prof. Ronald Hilton, di
rector of the Institute of Hispanic
American and Luso-Brazilian Stu
dies. The speech, to he given in
the Physics Lecture Hall, is open
to the public.
Students will meet in small dis
cussion groups Saturday and will
also have an opportunity to meet
with a University scholarship
committee.
After a general session Sunday
morning, they will attend Me
morial Church services. The con

ference closes Sunday with a re
ception at Bowman Alumni
House.
The visiting students will be
housed on campus girls in the
Women’s Gym. boys in fraternity
houses.
The HR will host Northern Cali
fornia high school students at a
three-day conference on Latin
America on campus this weekend.
The conference wilt open at 8
o’clock this evening with an ad
dress by Prof. Ronald Hilton, di
rector of the Institute of Hispanic
American and Luso-Brazilian Stu
dies. The speech, to he given in
the Physics Lecture Hall, is open
to the public.
Students will meet in small dis
cussion groups Saturday and will
also have an opportunity to meet
with a University scholarship
committee.
After a general session Sunday
morning, they will attend Me
morial Church services. The con

ference closes Sunday with a re
ception at Bowman Alumni
House.
The visiting students will be
housed on campus girls in the
Women’s Gym. boys in fraternity
houses.
The HR will host Northern Cali
fornia high school students at a
three-day conference on Latin
America on campus this weekend.
The conference wilt open at 8
o’clock this evening with an ad
dress by Prof. Ronald Hilton, di
rector of the Institute of Hispanic
American and Luso-Brazilian Stu
dies. The speech, to he given in
the Physics Lecture Hall, is open
to the public.
Students will meet in small dis
cussion groups Saturday and will
also have an opportunity to meet
with a University scholarship
committee.
After a general session Sunday
morning, they will attend Me
morial Church services. The con

ference closes Sunday with a re
ception at Bowman Alumni
House.
The visiting students will be
housed on campus girls in the
Women’s Gym. boys in fraternity
houses.
The HR will host Northern Cali
fornia high school students at a
three-day conference on Latin
America on campus this weekend.
The conference wilt open at 8
o’clock this evening with an ad
dress by Prof. Ronald Hilton, di
rector of the Institute of Hispanic
American and Luso-Brazilian Stu
dies. The speech, to he given in
the Physics Lecture Hall, is open
to the public.
Students will meet in small dis
cussion groups Saturday and will
also have an opportunity to meet
with a University scholarship
committee.
After a general session Sunday
morning, they will attend Me
morial Church services. The con

ference closes Sunday with a re
ception at Bowman Alumni
House.
The visiting students will be
housed on campus girls in the
Women’s Gym. boys in fraternity
houses.
The HR will host Northern Cali
fornia high school students at a
three-day conference on Latin
America on campus this weekend.
The conference wilt open at 8
o’clock this evening with an ad
dress by Prof. Ronald Hilton, di
rector of the Institute of Hispanic
American and Luso-Brazilian Stu
dies. The speech, to he given in
the Physics Lecture Hall, is open
to the public.
Students will meet in small dis
cussion groups Saturday and will
also have an opportunity to meet
with a University scholarship
committee.
After a general session Sunday
morning, they will attend Me
morial Church services. The con

ference closes Sunday with a re
ception at Bowman Alumni
House.
The visiting students will be
housed on campus girls in the
Women’s Gym. boys in fraternity
houses.
