# Marriage For Judy Sterling
## 
### 
Judith Robinson Sterling,
daughter of University President
J. E. Wallace Sterling was mar
ried Saturday night in the Me
morial Church to Stanford grad
uate Frank Patrick Morse. The
Rev. Robert Minto, Stanford
chaplain performed the cere
mony.
Judith Robinson Sterling,
daughter of University President
J. E. Wallace Sterling was mar
ried Saturday night in the Me
morial Church to Stanford grad
uate Frank Patrick Morse. The
Rev. Robert Minto, Stanford
chaplain performed the cere
mony.
Judith Robinson Sterling,
daughter of University President
J. E. Wallace Sterling was mar
ried Saturday night in the Me
morial Church to Stanford grad
uate Frank Patrick Morse. The
Rev. Robert Minto, Stanford
chaplain performed the cere
mony.
Judith Robinson Sterling,
daughter of University President
J. E. Wallace Sterling was mar
ried Saturday night in the Me
morial Church to Stanford grad
uate Frank Patrick Morse. The
Rev. Robert Minto, Stanford
chaplain performed the cere
mony.
Judith Robinson Sterling,
daughter of University President
J. E. Wallace Sterling was mar
ried Saturday night in the Me
morial Church to Stanford grad
uate Frank Patrick Morse. The
Rev. Robert Minto, Stanford
chaplain performed the cere
mony.
Judith Robinson Sterling,
daughter of University President
J. E. Wallace Sterling was mar
ried Saturday night in the Me
morial Church to Stanford grad
uate Frank Patrick Morse. The
Rev. Robert Minto, Stanford
chaplain performed the cere
mony.
Judith Robinson Sterling,
daughter of University President
J. E. Wallace Sterling was mar
ried Saturday night in the Me
morial Church to Stanford grad
uate Frank Patrick Morse. The
Rev. Robert Minto, Stanford
chaplain performed the cere
mony.
Judith Robinson Sterling,
daughter of University President
J. E. Wallace Sterling was mar
ried Saturday night in the Me
morial Church to Stanford grad
uate Frank Patrick Morse. The
Rev. Robert Minto, Stanford
chaplain performed the cere
mony.
Judith Robinson Sterling,
daughter of University President
J. E. Wallace Sterling was mar
ried Saturday night in the Me
morial Church to Stanford grad
uate Frank Patrick Morse. The
Rev. Robert Minto, Stanford
chaplain performed the cere
mony.
Judith Robinson Sterling,
daughter of University President
J. E. Wallace Sterling was mar
ried Saturday night in the Me
morial Church to Stanford grad
uate Frank Patrick Morse. The
Rev. Robert Minto, Stanford
chaplain performed the cere
mony.
Judith Robinson Sterling,
daughter of University President
J. E. Wallace Sterling was mar
ried Saturday night in the Me
morial Church to Stanford grad
uate Frank Patrick Morse. The
Rev. Robert Minto, Stanford
chaplain performed the cere
mony.
Judith Robinson Sterling,
daughter of University President
J. E. Wallace Sterling was mar
ried Saturday night in the Me
morial Church to Stanford grad
uate Frank Patrick Morse. The
Rev. Robert Minto, Stanford
chaplain performed the cere
mony.
Judith Robinson Sterling,
daughter of University President
J. E. Wallace Sterling was mar
ried Saturday night in the Me
morial Church to Stanford grad
uate Frank Patrick Morse. The
Rev. Robert Minto, Stanford
chaplain performed the cere
mony.
Judith Robinson Sterling,
daughter of University President
J. E. Wallace Sterling was mar
ried Saturday night in the Me
morial Church to Stanford grad
uate Frank Patrick Morse. The
Rev. Robert Minto, Stanford
chaplain performed the cere
mony.
