# The 						First to Arrive
## 
### 
Washing (on Slate < 'ollege's Model United Nations delegation starts
unpackiim a< I'aso del Norte Hotel where they vvill he staying
during the conference. YVS<! will represent Nationalist ( hina.
—Daily Photo hy Hob (Milan

Washing (on Slate < 'ollege's Model United Nations delegation starts
unpackiim a< I'aso del Norte Hotel where they vvill he staying
during the conference. YVS<! will represent Nationalist ( hina.
—Daily Photo hy Hob (Milan

Washing (on Slate < 'ollege's Model United Nations delegation starts
unpackiim a< I'aso del Norte Hotel where they vvill he staying
during the conference. YVS<! will represent Nationalist ( hina.
—Daily Photo hy Hob (Milan

Washing (on Slate < 'ollege's Model United Nations delegation starts
unpackiim a< I'aso del Norte Hotel where they vvill he staying
during the conference. YVS<! will represent Nationalist ( hina.
—Daily Photo hy Hob (Milan

Washing (on Slate < 'ollege's Model United Nations delegation starts
unpackiim a< I'aso del Norte Hotel where they vvill he staying
during the conference. YVS<! will represent Nationalist ( hina.
—Daily Photo hy Hob (Milan

Washing (on Slate < 'ollege's Model United Nations delegation starts
unpackiim a< I'aso del Norte Hotel where they vvill he staying
during the conference. YVS<! will represent Nationalist ( hina.
—Daily Photo hy Hob (Milan

Washing (on Slate < 'ollege's Model United Nations delegation starts
unpackiim a< I'aso del Norte Hotel where they vvill he staying
during the conference. YVS<! will represent Nationalist ( hina.
—Daily Photo hy Hob (Milan

Washing (on Slate < 'ollege's Model United Nations delegation starts
unpackiim a< I'aso del Norte Hotel where they vvill he staying
during the conference. YVS<! will represent Nationalist ( hina.
—Daily Photo hy Hob (Milan

Washing (on Slate < 'ollege's Model United Nations delegation starts
unpackiim a< I'aso del Norte Hotel where they vvill he staying
during the conference. YVS<! will represent Nationalist ( hina.
—Daily Photo hy Hob (Milan

Washing (on Slate < 'ollege's Model United Nations delegation starts
unpackiim a< I'aso del Norte Hotel where they vvill he staying
during the conference. YVS<! will represent Nationalist ( hina.
—Daily Photo hy Hob (Milan

Washing (on Slate < 'ollege's Model United Nations delegation starts
unpackiim a< I'aso del Norte Hotel where they vvill he staying
during the conference. YVS<! will represent Nationalist ( hina.
—Daily Photo hy Hob (Milan

Washing (on Slate < 'ollege's Model United Nations delegation starts
unpackiim a< I'aso del Norte Hotel where they vvill he staying
during the conference. YVS<! will represent Nationalist ( hina.
—Daily Photo hy Hob (Milan

Washing (on Slate < 'ollege's Model United Nations delegation starts
unpackiim a< I'aso del Norte Hotel where they vvill he staying
during the conference. YVS<! will represent Nationalist ( hina.
—Daily Photo hy Hob (Milan

Washing (on Slate < 'ollege's Model United Nations delegation starts
unpackiim a< I'aso del Norte Hotel where they vvill he staying
during the conference. YVS<! will represent Nationalist ( hina.
—Daily Photo hy Hob (Milan

Washing (on Slate < 'ollege's Model United Nations delegation starts
unpackiim a< I'aso del Norte Hotel where they vvill he staying
during the conference. YVS<! will represent Nationalist ( hina.
—Daily Photo hy Hob (Milan

Washing (on Slate < 'ollege's Model United Nations delegation starts
unpackiim a< I'aso del Norte Hotel where they vvill he staying
during the conference. YVS<! will represent Nationalist ( hina.
—Daily Photo hy Hob (Milan

