# Tickets for Bruin Series on Sale
## 
### 
Tickets for the Stanford-UCLA
basketball game are on sale this
morning at the Department of
Athletics office.
Student tickets are 50 cents and
general admission is $1.50.
Tickets for the Stanford-UCLA
basketball game are on sale this
morning at the Department of
Athletics office.
Student tickets are 50 cents and
general admission is $1.50.
Tickets for the Stanford-UCLA
basketball game are on sale this
morning at the Department of
Athletics office.
Student tickets are 50 cents and
general admission is $1.50.
Tickets for the Stanford-UCLA
basketball game are on sale this
morning at the Department of
Athletics office.
Student tickets are 50 cents and
general admission is $1.50.
Tickets for the Stanford-UCLA
basketball game are on sale this
morning at the Department of
Athletics office.
Student tickets are 50 cents and
general admission is $1.50.
Tickets for the Stanford-UCLA
basketball game are on sale this
morning at the Department of
Athletics office.
Student tickets are 50 cents and
general admission is $1.50.
Tickets for the Stanford-UCLA
basketball game are on sale this
morning at the Department of
Athletics office.
Student tickets are 50 cents and
general admission is $1.50.
Tickets for the Stanford-UCLA
basketball game are on sale this
morning at the Department of
Athletics office.
Student tickets are 50 cents and
general admission is $1.50.
Tickets for the Stanford-UCLA
basketball game are on sale this
morning at the Department of
Athletics office.
Student tickets are 50 cents and
general admission is $1.50.
Tickets for the Stanford-UCLA
basketball game are on sale this
morning at the Department of
Athletics office.
Student tickets are 50 cents and
general admission is $1.50.
Tickets for the Stanford-UCLA
basketball game are on sale this
morning at the Department of
Athletics office.
Student tickets are 50 cents and
general admission is $1.50.
Tickets for the Stanford-UCLA
basketball game are on sale this
morning at the Department of
Athletics office.
Student tickets are 50 cents and
general admission is $1.50.
Tickets for the Stanford-UCLA
basketball game are on sale this
morning at the Department of
Athletics office.
Student tickets are 50 cents and
general admission is $1.50.
Tickets for the Stanford-UCLA
basketball game are on sale this
morning at the Department of
Athletics office.
Student tickets are 50 cents and
general admission is $1.50.
Tickets for the Stanford-UCLA
basketball game are on sale this
morning at the Department of
Athletics office.
Student tickets are 50 cents and
general admission is $1.50.
