# Biz School Wives To Hear 'Bali' Talk
## 
### 
Dr. Anthony Sokol, executive
chairman of the Asiatic and Slav
ic Department, will speak tonight
about the island of Bali, in Indo
nesia.
Dr. Sokol will address the
Graduate Business Wives' Club at
8 p.m. in the lounge of the Busi
ness School.
Dr. Anthony Sokol, executive
chairman of the Asiatic and Slav
ic Department, will speak tonight
about the island of Bali, in Indo
nesia.
Dr. Sokol will address the
Graduate Business Wives' Club at
8 p.m. in the lounge of the Busi
ness School.
Dr. Anthony Sokol, executive
chairman of the Asiatic and Slav
ic Department, will speak tonight
about the island of Bali, in Indo
nesia.
Dr. Sokol will address the
Graduate Business Wives' Club at
8 p.m. in the lounge of the Busi
ness School.
Dr. Anthony Sokol, executive
chairman of the Asiatic and Slav
ic Department, will speak tonight
about the island of Bali, in Indo
nesia.
Dr. Sokol will address the
Graduate Business Wives' Club at
8 p.m. in the lounge of the Busi
ness School.
Dr. Anthony Sokol, executive
chairman of the Asiatic and Slav
ic Department, will speak tonight
about the island of Bali, in Indo
nesia.
Dr. Sokol will address the
Graduate Business Wives' Club at
8 p.m. in the lounge of the Busi
ness School.
Dr. Anthony Sokol, executive
chairman of the Asiatic and Slav
ic Department, will speak tonight
about the island of Bali, in Indo
nesia.
Dr. Sokol will address the
Graduate Business Wives' Club at
8 p.m. in the lounge of the Busi
ness School.
Dr. Anthony Sokol, executive
chairman of the Asiatic and Slav
ic Department, will speak tonight
about the island of Bali, in Indo
nesia.
Dr. Sokol will address the
Graduate Business Wives' Club at
8 p.m. in the lounge of the Busi
ness School.
Dr. Anthony Sokol, executive
chairman of the Asiatic and Slav
ic Department, will speak tonight
about the island of Bali, in Indo
nesia.
Dr. Sokol will address the
Graduate Business Wives' Club at
8 p.m. in the lounge of the Busi
ness School.
Dr. Anthony Sokol, executive
chairman of the Asiatic and Slav
ic Department, will speak tonight
about the island of Bali, in Indo
nesia.
Dr. Sokol will address the
Graduate Business Wives' Club at
8 p.m. in the lounge of the Busi
ness School.
Dr. Anthony Sokol, executive
chairman of the Asiatic and Slav
ic Department, will speak tonight
about the island of Bali, in Indo
nesia.
Dr. Sokol will address the
Graduate Business Wives' Club at
8 p.m. in the lounge of the Busi
ness School.
Dr. Anthony Sokol, executive
chairman of the Asiatic and Slav
ic Department, will speak tonight
about the island of Bali, in Indo
nesia.
Dr. Sokol will address the
Graduate Business Wives' Club at
8 p.m. in the lounge of the Busi
ness School.
Dr. Anthony Sokol, executive
chairman of the Asiatic and Slav
ic Department, will speak tonight
about the island of Bali, in Indo
nesia.
Dr. Sokol will address the
Graduate Business Wives' Club at
8 p.m. in the lounge of the Busi
ness School.
Dr. Anthony Sokol, executive
chairman of the Asiatic and Slav
ic Department, will speak tonight
about the island of Bali, in Indo
nesia.
Dr. Sokol will address the
Graduate Business Wives' Club at
8 p.m. in the lounge of the Busi
ness School.
Dr. Anthony Sokol, executive
chairman of the Asiatic and Slav
ic Department, will speak tonight
about the island of Bali, in Indo
nesia.
Dr. Sokol will address the
Graduate Business Wives' Club at
8 p.m. in the lounge of the Busi
ness School.
Dr. Anthony Sokol, executive
chairman of the Asiatic and Slav
ic Department, will speak tonight
about the island of Bali, in Indo
nesia.
Dr. Sokol will address the
Graduate Business Wives' Club at
8 p.m. in the lounge of the Busi
ness School.
