# Tickets Available For Talent Show
## 
### 
Many tickets for the Foreign
Students' Talent Show are still
available, according to Business
Manager (Jeorge Abel of the spon
soring Institute of International
Relations.
The show will be held this
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
lIR ex-com members are selling
tickets at the Peninsula Box Of
fice in Town and Country Village
and in the lIR building. Price is
$1 for all three nights.
Tickets for the Little Theatre
performance will also be sold at
the door.
Directing the show is John
Jamieson. assisted by Barbara
Armstrong.
Many tickets for the Foreign
Students' Talent Show are still
available, according to Business
Manager (Jeorge Abel of the spon
soring Institute of International
Relations.
The show will be held this
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
lIR ex-com members are selling
tickets at the Peninsula Box Of
fice in Town and Country Village
and in the lIR building. Price is
$1 for all three nights.
Tickets for the Little Theatre
performance will also be sold at
the door.
Directing the show is John
Jamieson. assisted by Barbara
Armstrong.
Many tickets for the Foreign
Students' Talent Show are still
available, according to Business
Manager (Jeorge Abel of the spon
soring Institute of International
Relations.
The show will be held this
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
lIR ex-com members are selling
tickets at the Peninsula Box Of
fice in Town and Country Village
and in the lIR building. Price is
$1 for all three nights.
Tickets for the Little Theatre
performance will also be sold at
the door.
Directing the show is John
Jamieson. assisted by Barbara
Armstrong.
Many tickets for the Foreign
Students' Talent Show are still
available, according to Business
Manager (Jeorge Abel of the spon
soring Institute of International
Relations.
The show will be held this
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
lIR ex-com members are selling
tickets at the Peninsula Box Of
fice in Town and Country Village
and in the lIR building. Price is
$1 for all three nights.
Tickets for the Little Theatre
performance will also be sold at
the door.
Directing the show is John
Jamieson. assisted by Barbara
Armstrong.
Many tickets for the Foreign
Students' Talent Show are still
available, according to Business
Manager (Jeorge Abel of the spon
soring Institute of International
Relations.
The show will be held this
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
lIR ex-com members are selling
tickets at the Peninsula Box Of
fice in Town and Country Village
and in the lIR building. Price is
$1 for all three nights.
Tickets for the Little Theatre
performance will also be sold at
the door.
Directing the show is John
Jamieson. assisted by Barbara
Armstrong.
Many tickets for the Foreign
Students' Talent Show are still
available, according to Business
Manager (Jeorge Abel of the spon
soring Institute of International
Relations.
The show will be held this
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
lIR ex-com members are selling
tickets at the Peninsula Box Of
fice in Town and Country Village
and in the lIR building. Price is
$1 for all three nights.
Tickets for the Little Theatre
performance will also be sold at
the door.
Directing the show is John
Jamieson. assisted by Barbara
Armstrong.
Many tickets for the Foreign
Students' Talent Show are still
available, according to Business
Manager (Jeorge Abel of the spon
soring Institute of International
Relations.
The show will be held this
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
lIR ex-com members are selling
tickets at the Peninsula Box Of
fice in Town and Country Village
and in the lIR building. Price is
$1 for all three nights.
Tickets for the Little Theatre
performance will also be sold at
the door.
Directing the show is John
Jamieson. assisted by Barbara
Armstrong.
Many tickets for the Foreign
Students' Talent Show are still
available, according to Business
Manager (Jeorge Abel of the spon
soring Institute of International
Relations.
The show will be held this
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
lIR ex-com members are selling
tickets at the Peninsula Box Of
fice in Town and Country Village
and in the lIR building. Price is
$1 for all three nights.
Tickets for the Little Theatre
performance will also be sold at
the door.
Directing the show is John
Jamieson. assisted by Barbara
Armstrong.
Many tickets for the Foreign
Students' Talent Show are still
available, according to Business
Manager (Jeorge Abel of the spon
soring Institute of International
Relations.
The show will be held this
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
lIR ex-com members are selling
tickets at the Peninsula Box Of
fice in Town and Country Village
and in the lIR building. Price is
$1 for all three nights.
Tickets for the Little Theatre
performance will also be sold at
the door.
Directing the show is John
Jamieson. assisted by Barbara
Armstrong.
Many tickets for the Foreign
Students' Talent Show are still
available, according to Business
Manager (Jeorge Abel of the spon
soring Institute of International
Relations.
The show will be held this
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
lIR ex-com members are selling
tickets at the Peninsula Box Of
fice in Town and Country Village
and in the lIR building. Price is
$1 for all three nights.
Tickets for the Little Theatre
performance will also be sold at
the door.
Directing the show is John
Jamieson. assisted by Barbara
Armstrong.
Many tickets for the Foreign
Students' Talent Show are still
available, according to Business
Manager (Jeorge Abel of the spon
soring Institute of International
Relations.
The show will be held this
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
lIR ex-com members are selling
tickets at the Peninsula Box Of
fice in Town and Country Village
and in the lIR building. Price is
$1 for all three nights.
Tickets for the Little Theatre
performance will also be sold at
the door.
Directing the show is John
Jamieson. assisted by Barbara
Armstrong.
Many tickets for the Foreign
Students' Talent Show are still
available, according to Business
Manager (Jeorge Abel of the spon
soring Institute of International
Relations.
The show will be held this
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
lIR ex-com members are selling
tickets at the Peninsula Box Of
fice in Town and Country Village
and in the lIR building. Price is
$1 for all three nights.
Tickets for the Little Theatre
performance will also be sold at
the door.
Directing the show is John
Jamieson. assisted by Barbara
Armstrong.
Many tickets for the Foreign
Students' Talent Show are still
available, according to Business
Manager (Jeorge Abel of the spon
soring Institute of International
Relations.
The show will be held this
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
lIR ex-com members are selling
tickets at the Peninsula Box Of
fice in Town and Country Village
and in the lIR building. Price is
$1 for all three nights.
Tickets for the Little Theatre
performance will also be sold at
the door.
Directing the show is John
Jamieson. assisted by Barbara
Armstrong.
Many tickets for the Foreign
Students' Talent Show are still
available, according to Business
Manager (Jeorge Abel of the spon
soring Institute of International
Relations.
The show will be held this
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
lIR ex-com members are selling
tickets at the Peninsula Box Of
fice in Town and Country Village
and in the lIR building. Price is
$1 for all three nights.
Tickets for the Little Theatre
performance will also be sold at
the door.
Directing the show is John
Jamieson. assisted by Barbara
Armstrong.
Many tickets for the Foreign
Students' Talent Show are still
available, according to Business
Manager (Jeorge Abel of the spon
soring Institute of International
Relations.
The show will be held this
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
lIR ex-com members are selling
tickets at the Peninsula Box Of
fice in Town and Country Village
and in the lIR building. Price is
$1 for all three nights.
Tickets for the Little Theatre
performance will also be sold at
the door.
Directing the show is John
Jamieson. assisted by Barbara
Armstrong.
