# ROUGH ROAD
## 
### 
In 1891 a road was cut through
the arboretum to the prospective
town of Palo Alto, but this road
was not graveled and deep dust
and frequent pot-holes made it al
most impassable.
In 1891 a road was cut through
the arboretum to the prospective
town of Palo Alto, but this road
was not graveled and deep dust
and frequent pot-holes made it al
most impassable.
In 1891 a road was cut through
the arboretum to the prospective
town of Palo Alto, but this road
was not graveled and deep dust
and frequent pot-holes made it al
most impassable.
In 1891 a road was cut through
the arboretum to the prospective
town of Palo Alto, but this road
was not graveled and deep dust
and frequent pot-holes made it al
most impassable.
In 1891 a road was cut through
the arboretum to the prospective
town of Palo Alto, but this road
was not graveled and deep dust
and frequent pot-holes made it al
most impassable.
In 1891 a road was cut through
the arboretum to the prospective
town of Palo Alto, but this road
was not graveled and deep dust
and frequent pot-holes made it al
most impassable.
In 1891 a road was cut through
the arboretum to the prospective
town of Palo Alto, but this road
was not graveled and deep dust
and frequent pot-holes made it al
most impassable.
In 1891 a road was cut through
the arboretum to the prospective
town of Palo Alto, but this road
was not graveled and deep dust
and frequent pot-holes made it al
most impassable.
In 1891 a road was cut through
the arboretum to the prospective
town of Palo Alto, but this road
was not graveled and deep dust
and frequent pot-holes made it al
most impassable.
In 1891 a road was cut through
the arboretum to the prospective
town of Palo Alto, but this road
was not graveled and deep dust
and frequent pot-holes made it al
most impassable.
In 1891 a road was cut through
the arboretum to the prospective
town of Palo Alto, but this road
was not graveled and deep dust
and frequent pot-holes made it al
most impassable.
In 1891 a road was cut through
the arboretum to the prospective
town of Palo Alto, but this road
was not graveled and deep dust
and frequent pot-holes made it al
most impassable.
In 1891 a road was cut through
the arboretum to the prospective
town of Palo Alto, but this road
was not graveled and deep dust
and frequent pot-holes made it al
most impassable.
In 1891 a road was cut through
the arboretum to the prospective
town of Palo Alto, but this road
was not graveled and deep dust
and frequent pot-holes made it al
most impassable.
In 1891 a road was cut through
the arboretum to the prospective
town of Palo Alto, but this road
was not graveled and deep dust
and frequent pot-holes made it al
most impassable.
