# KOOKY FLASHES
## 
### 
Four Stanford coaches - Glenn
(Pop) Warner, Claude Thornhill,
Clark Shaughnessy and Chuck
Taylor sent their grid teams 1o
the Rose Bowl in their first year
on the Farm.
Four Stanford coaches - Glenn
(Pop) Warner, Claude Thornhill,
Clark Shaughnessy and Chuck
Taylor sent their grid teams 1o
the Rose Bowl in their first year
on the Farm.
Four Stanford coaches - Glenn
(Pop) Warner, Claude Thornhill,
Clark Shaughnessy and Chuck
Taylor sent their grid teams 1o
the Rose Bowl in their first year
on the Farm.
Four Stanford coaches - Glenn
(Pop) Warner, Claude Thornhill,
Clark Shaughnessy and Chuck
Taylor sent their grid teams 1o
the Rose Bowl in their first year
on the Farm.
Four Stanford coaches - Glenn
(Pop) Warner, Claude Thornhill,
Clark Shaughnessy and Chuck
Taylor sent their grid teams 1o
the Rose Bowl in their first year
on the Farm.
Four Stanford coaches - Glenn
(Pop) Warner, Claude Thornhill,
Clark Shaughnessy and Chuck
Taylor sent their grid teams 1o
the Rose Bowl in their first year
on the Farm.
Four Stanford coaches - Glenn
(Pop) Warner, Claude Thornhill,
Clark Shaughnessy and Chuck
Taylor sent their grid teams 1o
the Rose Bowl in their first year
on the Farm.
Four Stanford coaches - Glenn
(Pop) Warner, Claude Thornhill,
Clark Shaughnessy and Chuck
Taylor sent their grid teams 1o
the Rose Bowl in their first year
on the Farm.
Four Stanford coaches - Glenn
(Pop) Warner, Claude Thornhill,
Clark Shaughnessy and Chuck
Taylor sent their grid teams 1o
the Rose Bowl in their first year
on the Farm.
Four Stanford coaches - Glenn
(Pop) Warner, Claude Thornhill,
Clark Shaughnessy and Chuck
Taylor sent their grid teams 1o
the Rose Bowl in their first year
on the Farm.
Four Stanford coaches - Glenn
(Pop) Warner, Claude Thornhill,
Clark Shaughnessy and Chuck
Taylor sent their grid teams 1o
the Rose Bowl in their first year
on the Farm.
Four Stanford coaches - Glenn
(Pop) Warner, Claude Thornhill,
Clark Shaughnessy and Chuck
Taylor sent their grid teams 1o
the Rose Bowl in their first year
on the Farm.
Four Stanford coaches - Glenn
(Pop) Warner, Claude Thornhill,
Clark Shaughnessy and Chuck
Taylor sent their grid teams 1o
the Rose Bowl in their first year
on the Farm.
Four Stanford coaches - Glenn
(Pop) Warner, Claude Thornhill,
Clark Shaughnessy and Chuck
Taylor sent their grid teams 1o
the Rose Bowl in their first year
on the Farm.
Four Stanford coaches - Glenn
(Pop) Warner, Claude Thornhill,
Clark Shaughnessy and Chuck
Taylor sent their grid teams 1o
the Rose Bowl in their first year
on the Farm.
