# SENATOR HIRES
## 
### 
In 1 SSt>. during Leland Stan
ford's lirsi term in the Senate, he
hired Frederick Olmsted as land
scape architect lor Stanford Uni
versity.
In 1 SSt>. during Leland Stan
ford's lirsi term in the Senate, he
hired Frederick Olmsted as land
scape architect lor Stanford Uni
versity.
In 1 SSt>. during Leland Stan
ford's lirsi term in the Senate, he
hired Frederick Olmsted as land
scape architect lor Stanford Uni
versity.
In 1 SSt>. during Leland Stan
ford's lirsi term in the Senate, he
hired Frederick Olmsted as land
scape architect lor Stanford Uni
versity.
In 1 SSt>. during Leland Stan
ford's lirsi term in the Senate, he
hired Frederick Olmsted as land
scape architect lor Stanford Uni
versity.
In 1 SSt>. during Leland Stan
ford's lirsi term in the Senate, he
hired Frederick Olmsted as land
scape architect lor Stanford Uni
versity.
In 1 SSt>. during Leland Stan
ford's lirsi term in the Senate, he
hired Frederick Olmsted as land
scape architect lor Stanford Uni
versity.
In 1 SSt>. during Leland Stan
ford's lirsi term in the Senate, he
hired Frederick Olmsted as land
scape architect lor Stanford Uni
versity.
In 1 SSt>. during Leland Stan
ford's lirsi term in the Senate, he
hired Frederick Olmsted as land
scape architect lor Stanford Uni
versity.
In 1 SSt>. during Leland Stan
ford's lirsi term in the Senate, he
hired Frederick Olmsted as land
scape architect lor Stanford Uni
versity.
In 1 SSt>. during Leland Stan
ford's lirsi term in the Senate, he
hired Frederick Olmsted as land
scape architect lor Stanford Uni
versity.
In 1 SSt>. during Leland Stan
ford's lirsi term in the Senate, he
hired Frederick Olmsted as land
scape architect lor Stanford Uni
versity.
In 1 SSt>. during Leland Stan
ford's lirsi term in the Senate, he
hired Frederick Olmsted as land
scape architect lor Stanford Uni
versity.
In 1 SSt>. during Leland Stan
ford's lirsi term in the Senate, he
hired Frederick Olmsted as land
scape architect lor Stanford Uni
versity.
In 1 SSt>. during Leland Stan
ford's lirsi term in the Senate, he
hired Frederick Olmsted as land
scape architect lor Stanford Uni
versity.
