# Adv. 35 Page 6
## 
### 
The Americana by Raintair—the Gentleman's raincoat that maintains its poise in Dacron poly
ester and cotton from Galey and Lord. For nearest retailer write us at 1407 Broadway, New York.
Galey*Lor</
The Americana by Raintair—the Gentleman's raincoat that maintains its poise in Dacron poly
ester and cotton from Galey and Lord. For nearest retailer write us at 1407 Broadway, New York.
Galey*Lor</
The Americana by Raintair—the Gentleman's raincoat that maintains its poise in Dacron poly
ester and cotton from Galey and Lord. For nearest retailer write us at 1407 Broadway, New York.
Galey*Lor</
The Americana by Raintair—the Gentleman's raincoat that maintains its poise in Dacron poly
ester and cotton from Galey and Lord. For nearest retailer write us at 1407 Broadway, New York.
Galey*Lor</
The Americana by Raintair—the Gentleman's raincoat that maintains its poise in Dacron poly
ester and cotton from Galey and Lord. For nearest retailer write us at 1407 Broadway, New York.
Galey*Lor</
The Americana by Raintair—the Gentleman's raincoat that maintains its poise in Dacron poly
ester and cotton from Galey and Lord. For nearest retailer write us at 1407 Broadway, New York.
Galey*Lor</
The Americana by Raintair—the Gentleman's raincoat that maintains its poise in Dacron poly
ester and cotton from Galey and Lord. For nearest retailer write us at 1407 Broadway, New York.
Galey*Lor</
The Americana by Raintair—the Gentleman's raincoat that maintains its poise in Dacron poly
ester and cotton from Galey and Lord. For nearest retailer write us at 1407 Broadway, New York.
Galey*Lor</
The Americana by Raintair—the Gentleman's raincoat that maintains its poise in Dacron poly
ester and cotton from Galey and Lord. For nearest retailer write us at 1407 Broadway, New York.
Galey*Lor</
The Americana by Raintair—the Gentleman's raincoat that maintains its poise in Dacron poly
ester and cotton from Galey and Lord. For nearest retailer write us at 1407 Broadway, New York.
Galey*Lor</
The Americana by Raintair—the Gentleman's raincoat that maintains its poise in Dacron poly
ester and cotton from Galey and Lord. For nearest retailer write us at 1407 Broadway, New York.
Galey*Lor</
The Americana by Raintair—the Gentleman's raincoat that maintains its poise in Dacron poly
ester and cotton from Galey and Lord. For nearest retailer write us at 1407 Broadway, New York.
Galey*Lor</
The Americana by Raintair—the Gentleman's raincoat that maintains its poise in Dacron poly
ester and cotton from Galey and Lord. For nearest retailer write us at 1407 Broadway, New York.
Galey*Lor</
The Americana by Raintair—the Gentleman's raincoat that maintains its poise in Dacron poly
ester and cotton from Galey and Lord. For nearest retailer write us at 1407 Broadway, New York.
Galey*Lor</
The Americana by Raintair—the Gentleman's raincoat that maintains its poise in Dacron poly
ester and cotton from Galey and Lord. For nearest retailer write us at 1407 Broadway, New York.
Galey*Lor</
The Americana by Raintair—the Gentleman's raincoat that maintains its poise in Dacron poly
ester and cotton from Galey and Lord. For nearest retailer write us at 1407 Broadway, New York.
Galey*Lor</
