# ENGLISH CLUB TO MEET
## 
### 
English Club will hold the last initia
tion meeting of the year Wednesday
evening at 8:15 in the Women's Club
house. The following are the new
members: Ruth Flsitiger, '20, H. W.
mievsky, '22, L. D. Bynum, '2Z, 11. W.
Wyckoff, '22, Harriet Hunt. '20, Eliza
beth Spilman, '22, and H. H. Darling,
'22.
English Club will hold the last initia
tion meeting of the year Wednesday
evening at 8:15 in the Women's Club
house. The following are the new
members: Ruth Flsitiger, '20, H. W.
mievsky, '22, L. D. Bynum, '2Z, 11. W.
Wyckoff, '22, Harriet Hunt. '20, Eliza
beth Spilman, '22, and H. H. Darling,
'22.
English Club will hold the last initia
tion meeting of the year Wednesday
evening at 8:15 in the Women's Club
house. The following are the new
members: Ruth Flsitiger, '20, H. W.
mievsky, '22, L. D. Bynum, '2Z, 11. W.
Wyckoff, '22, Harriet Hunt. '20, Eliza
beth Spilman, '22, and H. H. Darling,
'22.
English Club will hold the last initia
tion meeting of the year Wednesday
evening at 8:15 in the Women's Club
house. The following are the new
members: Ruth Flsitiger, '20, H. W.
mievsky, '22, L. D. Bynum, '2Z, 11. W.
Wyckoff, '22, Harriet Hunt. '20, Eliza
beth Spilman, '22, and H. H. Darling,
'22.
English Club will hold the last initia
tion meeting of the year Wednesday
evening at 8:15 in the Women's Club
house. The following are the new
members: Ruth Flsitiger, '20, H. W.
mievsky, '22, L. D. Bynum, '2Z, 11. W.
Wyckoff, '22, Harriet Hunt. '20, Eliza
beth Spilman, '22, and H. H. Darling,
'22.
English Club will hold the last initia
tion meeting of the year Wednesday
evening at 8:15 in the Women's Club
house. The following are the new
members: Ruth Flsitiger, '20, H. W.
mievsky, '22, L. D. Bynum, '2Z, 11. W.
Wyckoff, '22, Harriet Hunt. '20, Eliza
beth Spilman, '22, and H. H. Darling,
'22.
English Club will hold the last initia
tion meeting of the year Wednesday
evening at 8:15 in the Women's Club
house. The following are the new
members: Ruth Flsitiger, '20, H. W.
mievsky, '22, L. D. Bynum, '2Z, 11. W.
Wyckoff, '22, Harriet Hunt. '20, Eliza
beth Spilman, '22, and H. H. Darling,
'22.
English Club will hold the last initia
tion meeting of the year Wednesday
evening at 8:15 in the Women's Club
house. The following are the new
members: Ruth Flsitiger, '20, H. W.
mievsky, '22, L. D. Bynum, '2Z, 11. W.
Wyckoff, '22, Harriet Hunt. '20, Eliza
beth Spilman, '22, and H. H. Darling,
'22.
English Club will hold the last initia
tion meeting of the year Wednesday
evening at 8:15 in the Women's Club
house. The following are the new
members: Ruth Flsitiger, '20, H. W.
mievsky, '22, L. D. Bynum, '2Z, 11. W.
Wyckoff, '22, Harriet Hunt. '20, Eliza
beth Spilman, '22, and H. H. Darling,
'22.
English Club will hold the last initia
tion meeting of the year Wednesday
evening at 8:15 in the Women's Club
house. The following are the new
members: Ruth Flsitiger, '20, H. W.
mievsky, '22, L. D. Bynum, '2Z, 11. W.
Wyckoff, '22, Harriet Hunt. '20, Eliza
beth Spilman, '22, and H. H. Darling,
'22.
English Club will hold the last initia
tion meeting of the year Wednesday
evening at 8:15 in the Women's Club
house. The following are the new
members: Ruth Flsitiger, '20, H. W.
mievsky, '22, L. D. Bynum, '2Z, 11. W.
Wyckoff, '22, Harriet Hunt. '20, Eliza
beth Spilman, '22, and H. H. Darling,
'22.
English Club will hold the last initia
tion meeting of the year Wednesday
evening at 8:15 in the Women's Club
house. The following are the new
members: Ruth Flsitiger, '20, H. W.
mievsky, '22, L. D. Bynum, '2Z, 11. W.
Wyckoff, '22, Harriet Hunt. '20, Eliza
beth Spilman, '22, and H. H. Darling,
'22.
