# Adv. 31 Page 4
## 
### 
HARRYS
CHEVRON SERVICE
MOTOR TUNE-UP
COMPLETE MOTOR
OVERHAUL
PGRCELAINIZE
CAR
BRAKE RELINE
CHEVRON PRODUCTS
BEE LINE WHEEL ALIGNMENT
AND WHEEL BALANCE
OPEN SAT. DA 2-0646
291 ALMA Palo Alto
The day the sun plunged
toward the earth!
WARNER BROTHERS
presents
The Miracle
of Fatima'
color by Warnecolor
STARTS SUNDAY
• • e
now playing
•THE MERRY WIDOW"
HARRYS
CHEVRON SERVICE
MOTOR TUNE-UP
COMPLETE MOTOR
OVERHAUL
PGRCELAINIZE
CAR
BRAKE RELINE
CHEVRON PRODUCTS
BEE LINE WHEEL ALIGNMENT
AND WHEEL BALANCE
OPEN SAT. DA 2-0646
291 ALMA Palo Alto
The day the sun plunged
toward the earth!
WARNER BROTHERS
presents
The Miracle
of Fatima'
color by Warnecolor
STARTS SUNDAY
• • e
now playing
•THE MERRY WIDOW"
HARRYS
CHEVRON SERVICE
MOTOR TUNE-UP
COMPLETE MOTOR
OVERHAUL
PGRCELAINIZE
CAR
BRAKE RELINE
CHEVRON PRODUCTS
BEE LINE WHEEL ALIGNMENT
AND WHEEL BALANCE
OPEN SAT. DA 2-0646
291 ALMA Palo Alto
The day the sun plunged
toward the earth!
WARNER BROTHERS
presents
The Miracle
of Fatima'
color by Warnecolor
STARTS SUNDAY
• • e
now playing
•THE MERRY WIDOW"
HARRYS
CHEVRON SERVICE
MOTOR TUNE-UP
COMPLETE MOTOR
OVERHAUL
PGRCELAINIZE
CAR
BRAKE RELINE
CHEVRON PRODUCTS
BEE LINE WHEEL ALIGNMENT
AND WHEEL BALANCE
OPEN SAT. DA 2-0646
291 ALMA Palo Alto
The day the sun plunged
toward the earth!
WARNER BROTHERS
presents
The Miracle
of Fatima'
color by Warnecolor
STARTS SUNDAY
• • e
now playing
•THE MERRY WIDOW"
HARRYS
CHEVRON SERVICE
MOTOR TUNE-UP
COMPLETE MOTOR
OVERHAUL
PGRCELAINIZE
CAR
BRAKE RELINE
CHEVRON PRODUCTS
BEE LINE WHEEL ALIGNMENT
AND WHEEL BALANCE
OPEN SAT. DA 2-0646
291 ALMA Palo Alto
The day the sun plunged
toward the earth!
WARNER BROTHERS
presents
The Miracle
of Fatima'
color by Warnecolor
STARTS SUNDAY
• • e
now playing
•THE MERRY WIDOW"
HARRYS
CHEVRON SERVICE
MOTOR TUNE-UP
COMPLETE MOTOR
OVERHAUL
PGRCELAINIZE
CAR
BRAKE RELINE
CHEVRON PRODUCTS
BEE LINE WHEEL ALIGNMENT
AND WHEEL BALANCE
OPEN SAT. DA 2-0646
291 ALMA Palo Alto
The day the sun plunged
toward the earth!
WARNER BROTHERS
presents
The Miracle
of Fatima'
color by Warnecolor
STARTS SUNDAY
• • e
now playing
•THE MERRY WIDOW"
HARRYS
CHEVRON SERVICE
MOTOR TUNE-UP
COMPLETE MOTOR
OVERHAUL
PGRCELAINIZE
CAR
BRAKE RELINE
CHEVRON PRODUCTS
BEE LINE WHEEL ALIGNMENT
AND WHEEL BALANCE
OPEN SAT. DA 2-0646
291 ALMA Palo Alto
The day the sun plunged
toward the earth!
WARNER BROTHERS
presents
The Miracle
of Fatima'
color by Warnecolor
STARTS SUNDAY
• • e
now playing
•THE MERRY WIDOW"
HARRYS
CHEVRON SERVICE
MOTOR TUNE-UP
COMPLETE MOTOR
OVERHAUL
PGRCELAINIZE
CAR
BRAKE RELINE
CHEVRON PRODUCTS
BEE LINE WHEEL ALIGNMENT
AND WHEEL BALANCE
OPEN SAT. DA 2-0646
291 ALMA Palo Alto
The day the sun plunged
toward the earth!
WARNER BROTHERS
presents
The Miracle
of Fatima'
color by Warnecolor
STARTS SUNDAY
• • e
now playing
•THE MERRY WIDOW"
HARRYS
CHEVRON SERVICE
MOTOR TUNE-UP
COMPLETE MOTOR
OVERHAUL
PGRCELAINIZE
CAR
BRAKE RELINE
CHEVRON PRODUCTS
BEE LINE WHEEL ALIGNMENT
AND WHEEL BALANCE
OPEN SAT. DA 2-0646
291 ALMA Palo Alto
The day the sun plunged
toward the earth!
WARNER BROTHERS
presents
The Miracle
of Fatima'
color by Warnecolor
STARTS SUNDAY
• • e
now playing
•THE MERRY WIDOW"
HARRYS
CHEVRON SERVICE
MOTOR TUNE-UP
COMPLETE MOTOR
OVERHAUL
PGRCELAINIZE
CAR
BRAKE RELINE
CHEVRON PRODUCTS
BEE LINE WHEEL ALIGNMENT
AND WHEEL BALANCE
OPEN SAT. DA 2-0646
291 ALMA Palo Alto
The day the sun plunged
toward the earth!
WARNER BROTHERS
presents
The Miracle
of Fatima'
color by Warnecolor
STARTS SUNDAY
• • e
now playing
•THE MERRY WIDOW"
HARRYS
CHEVRON SERVICE
MOTOR TUNE-UP
COMPLETE MOTOR
OVERHAUL
PGRCELAINIZE
CAR
BRAKE RELINE
CHEVRON PRODUCTS
BEE LINE WHEEL ALIGNMENT
AND WHEEL BALANCE
OPEN SAT. DA 2-0646
291 ALMA Palo Alto
The day the sun plunged
toward the earth!
WARNER BROTHERS
presents
The Miracle
of Fatima'
color by Warnecolor
STARTS SUNDAY
• • e
now playing
•THE MERRY WIDOW"
HARRYS
CHEVRON SERVICE
MOTOR TUNE-UP
COMPLETE MOTOR
OVERHAUL
PGRCELAINIZE
CAR
BRAKE RELINE
CHEVRON PRODUCTS
BEE LINE WHEEL ALIGNMENT
AND WHEEL BALANCE
OPEN SAT. DA 2-0646
291 ALMA Palo Alto
The day the sun plunged
toward the earth!
WARNER BROTHERS
presents
The Miracle
of Fatima'
color by Warnecolor
STARTS SUNDAY
• • e
now playing
•THE MERRY WIDOW"
HARRYS
CHEVRON SERVICE
MOTOR TUNE-UP
COMPLETE MOTOR
OVERHAUL
PGRCELAINIZE
CAR
BRAKE RELINE
CHEVRON PRODUCTS
BEE LINE WHEEL ALIGNMENT
AND WHEEL BALANCE
OPEN SAT. DA 2-0646
291 ALMA Palo Alto
The day the sun plunged
toward the earth!
WARNER BROTHERS
presents
The Miracle
of Fatima'
color by Warnecolor
STARTS SUNDAY
• • e
now playing
•THE MERRY WIDOW"
HARRYS
CHEVRON SERVICE
MOTOR TUNE-UP
COMPLETE MOTOR
OVERHAUL
PGRCELAINIZE
CAR
BRAKE RELINE
CHEVRON PRODUCTS
BEE LINE WHEEL ALIGNMENT
AND WHEEL BALANCE
OPEN SAT. DA 2-0646
291 ALMA Palo Alto
The day the sun plunged
toward the earth!
WARNER BROTHERS
presents
The Miracle
of Fatima'
color by Warnecolor
STARTS SUNDAY
• • e
now playing
•THE MERRY WIDOW"
HARRYS
CHEVRON SERVICE
MOTOR TUNE-UP
COMPLETE MOTOR
OVERHAUL
PGRCELAINIZE
CAR
BRAKE RELINE
CHEVRON PRODUCTS
BEE LINE WHEEL ALIGNMENT
AND WHEEL BALANCE
OPEN SAT. DA 2-0646
291 ALMA Palo Alto
The day the sun plunged
toward the earth!
WARNER BROTHERS
presents
The Miracle
of Fatima'
color by Warnecolor
STARTS SUNDAY
• • e
now playing
•THE MERRY WIDOW"
HARRYS
CHEVRON SERVICE
MOTOR TUNE-UP
COMPLETE MOTOR
OVERHAUL
PGRCELAINIZE
CAR
BRAKE RELINE
CHEVRON PRODUCTS
BEE LINE WHEEL ALIGNMENT
AND WHEEL BALANCE
OPEN SAT. DA 2-0646
291 ALMA Palo Alto
The day the sun plunged
toward the earth!
WARNER BROTHERS
presents
The Miracle
of Fatima'
color by Warnecolor
STARTS SUNDAY
• • e
now playing
•THE MERRY WIDOW"
