# SOPHOMORE PLAY IS READY FOR CURTAIN
## THREE MEALS IN THE PLAY "Never Say Die" Will Be Last Production of Quarter 
### 
"Never Say Die," which will be
presented by the Sophomore Class in
the Assembly Hall, tonight, has a
unique feature in the matter of stag
ing. Acts in this Willie Collier fun
hit are divided on the American plan
as well as by curtain falls. That is,
each of the three acts is represented
by a meal; the first by a tea, the
second by dinner, and the third by
breakfast. Such a program seems
enough to keep any cast well
nourished.
The man who performs all these
gastronomical feats has a really en
viable character part. Hal. Bubaugh

has this role of chef and some of the
choicest bit. of comedy in the show
are contained in his lines. A jolly
character such as he is in the kitchen


ONE OF THE REASONS
why "Dionysius Woodbury," played by
Lester Seib, "Never Says Die," in
tonight's show. The young lady is
Miss Eleanor Anderson, who has the
role of "Violet."
is quite a rarity in these days of the
servant problem.
Miss Sarahbelle Arnott, has the part
of Mrs. Stevenson, the charming
hostess at all these eating functions.
Her acting in this matronly role is
very pleasing, and she has shown a
sort of easy, restful grace in all her
work.
"Never Say Die" will be the last
dramatic productions on the campus
this quarter, and according to all
present indications, will be the last
comedy to be put on by student actors
here until the Senior Farce, next
June. The curtain will go up tonight
at 8:15, and seats for the production
will be on sale at the door. Professor
A. C. Whitaker is in charge of the
large orchestra for the presentation.
