# Crew Meets OSC In Saturday Races
## 
### 
Oregon Slate has notified Stan
ford Crew Coach Lou Lindsey
that it will be able to face the
Indians in a pair of races Satur
day at the Redwood City Yacht
Harbor. The Tribe had originally
resigned itself to an open date.
The tentative schedule has two
races carded—frosh at 4:30 and
varsity at 5 p.m. Both contests
will be over the 2000 - meter
course.
Oregon Slate has notified Stan
ford Crew Coach Lou Lindsey
that it will be able to face the
Indians in a pair of races Satur
day at the Redwood City Yacht
Harbor. The Tribe had originally
resigned itself to an open date.
The tentative schedule has two
races carded—frosh at 4:30 and
varsity at 5 p.m. Both contests
will be over the 2000 - meter
course.
Oregon Slate has notified Stan
ford Crew Coach Lou Lindsey
that it will be able to face the
Indians in a pair of races Satur
day at the Redwood City Yacht
Harbor. The Tribe had originally
resigned itself to an open date.
The tentative schedule has two
races carded—frosh at 4:30 and
varsity at 5 p.m. Both contests
will be over the 2000 - meter
course.
Oregon Slate has notified Stan
ford Crew Coach Lou Lindsey
that it will be able to face the
Indians in a pair of races Satur
day at the Redwood City Yacht
Harbor. The Tribe had originally
resigned itself to an open date.
The tentative schedule has two
races carded—frosh at 4:30 and
varsity at 5 p.m. Both contests
will be over the 2000 - meter
course.
Oregon Slate has notified Stan
ford Crew Coach Lou Lindsey
that it will be able to face the
Indians in a pair of races Satur
day at the Redwood City Yacht
Harbor. The Tribe had originally
resigned itself to an open date.
The tentative schedule has two
races carded—frosh at 4:30 and
varsity at 5 p.m. Both contests
will be over the 2000 - meter
course.
Oregon Slate has notified Stan
ford Crew Coach Lou Lindsey
that it will be able to face the
Indians in a pair of races Satur
day at the Redwood City Yacht
Harbor. The Tribe had originally
resigned itself to an open date.
The tentative schedule has two
races carded—frosh at 4:30 and
varsity at 5 p.m. Both contests
will be over the 2000 - meter
course.
Oregon Slate has notified Stan
ford Crew Coach Lou Lindsey
that it will be able to face the
Indians in a pair of races Satur
day at the Redwood City Yacht
Harbor. The Tribe had originally
resigned itself to an open date.
The tentative schedule has two
races carded—frosh at 4:30 and
varsity at 5 p.m. Both contests
will be over the 2000 - meter
course.
Oregon Slate has notified Stan
ford Crew Coach Lou Lindsey
that it will be able to face the
Indians in a pair of races Satur
day at the Redwood City Yacht
Harbor. The Tribe had originally
resigned itself to an open date.
The tentative schedule has two
races carded—frosh at 4:30 and
varsity at 5 p.m. Both contests
will be over the 2000 - meter
course.
Oregon Slate has notified Stan
ford Crew Coach Lou Lindsey
that it will be able to face the
Indians in a pair of races Satur
day at the Redwood City Yacht
Harbor. The Tribe had originally
resigned itself to an open date.
The tentative schedule has two
races carded—frosh at 4:30 and
varsity at 5 p.m. Both contests
will be over the 2000 - meter
course.
Oregon Slate has notified Stan
ford Crew Coach Lou Lindsey
that it will be able to face the
Indians in a pair of races Satur
day at the Redwood City Yacht
Harbor. The Tribe had originally
resigned itself to an open date.
The tentative schedule has two
races carded—frosh at 4:30 and
varsity at 5 p.m. Both contests
will be over the 2000 - meter
course.
Oregon Slate has notified Stan
ford Crew Coach Lou Lindsey
that it will be able to face the
Indians in a pair of races Satur
day at the Redwood City Yacht
Harbor. The Tribe had originally
resigned itself to an open date.
The tentative schedule has two
races carded—frosh at 4:30 and
varsity at 5 p.m. Both contests
will be over the 2000 - meter
course.
Oregon Slate has notified Stan
ford Crew Coach Lou Lindsey
that it will be able to face the
Indians in a pair of races Satur
day at the Redwood City Yacht
Harbor. The Tribe had originally
resigned itself to an open date.
The tentative schedule has two
races carded—frosh at 4:30 and
varsity at 5 p.m. Both contests
will be over the 2000 - meter
course.
Oregon Slate has notified Stan
ford Crew Coach Lou Lindsey
that it will be able to face the
Indians in a pair of races Satur
day at the Redwood City Yacht
Harbor. The Tribe had originally
resigned itself to an open date.
The tentative schedule has two
races carded—frosh at 4:30 and
varsity at 5 p.m. Both contests
will be over the 2000 - meter
course.
Oregon Slate has notified Stan
ford Crew Coach Lou Lindsey
that it will be able to face the
Indians in a pair of races Satur
day at the Redwood City Yacht
Harbor. The Tribe had originally
resigned itself to an open date.
The tentative schedule has two
races carded—frosh at 4:30 and
varsity at 5 p.m. Both contests
will be over the 2000 - meter
course.
Oregon Slate has notified Stan
ford Crew Coach Lou Lindsey
that it will be able to face the
Indians in a pair of races Satur
day at the Redwood City Yacht
Harbor. The Tribe had originally
resigned itself to an open date.
The tentative schedule has two
races carded—frosh at 4:30 and
varsity at 5 p.m. Both contests
will be over the 2000 - meter
course.
Oregon Slate has notified Stan
ford Crew Coach Lou Lindsey
that it will be able to face the
Indians in a pair of races Satur
day at the Redwood City Yacht
Harbor. The Tribe had originally
resigned itself to an open date.
The tentative schedule has two
races carded—frosh at 4:30 and
varsity at 5 p.m. Both contests
will be over the 2000 - meter
course.
