# Sir Robert Hadow Speaks on Britain
## 
### 
Sir Robert Hadow, British con
sul general, returns to the cam
pus today for a talk on "Where
Does Britain Go from Here?" at
4:15 p.m. in Bowman Alumni
House.
Having spoken in an Institute
of International Relations Con
sul Talk once during each of au
tumn and winter quarters, Had
ow will be making his third ap
pearance at Stanford this year
under IIR auspices.
The British consul general was
in the news last autumn when he
and Senator George Malone <R-
Ncv.) nearly came to hlows over
an argument about Great Brit
ain's foreign policy.
In Hadow's subsequent Consul
Talk, 200 people filled Bowman
Alumni House and, as IIR Presi
dent Herbert Hymans later said,
"We had to get the speaker out
the back door before the audi
ence got him."
