# BAD WEATHER INTERFERES WITH O.A.C. BALL PRACTICE
## 
### 
OREGON AGRICULTURAL COL
LEGE (P. I. N. S.). —With only one
afternoon favorable for outside work
this year, the O. A. C. baseball team is
decidedly handicapped for early Karnes.
The varsity squad has had only one prac
tice game this year. Pifty men arc re
porting for inside practice work and
light hitting. The loss of four of the
best men on last year's freshmen team
will seriously affect the coach's plans.
OREGON AGRICULTURAL COL
LEGE (P. I. N. S.). —With only one
afternoon favorable for outside work
this year, the O. A. C. baseball team is
decidedly handicapped for early Karnes.
The varsity squad has had only one prac
tice game this year. Pifty men arc re
porting for inside practice work and
light hitting. The loss of four of the
best men on last year's freshmen team
will seriously affect the coach's plans.
OREGON AGRICULTURAL COL
LEGE (P. I. N. S.). —With only one
afternoon favorable for outside work
this year, the O. A. C. baseball team is
decidedly handicapped for early Karnes.
The varsity squad has had only one prac
tice game this year. Pifty men arc re
porting for inside practice work and
light hitting. The loss of four of the
best men on last year's freshmen team
will seriously affect the coach's plans.
OREGON AGRICULTURAL COL
LEGE (P. I. N. S.). —With only one
afternoon favorable for outside work
this year, the O. A. C. baseball team is
decidedly handicapped for early Karnes.
The varsity squad has had only one prac
tice game this year. Pifty men arc re
porting for inside practice work and
light hitting. The loss of four of the
best men on last year's freshmen team
will seriously affect the coach's plans.
OREGON AGRICULTURAL COL
LEGE (P. I. N. S.). —With only one
afternoon favorable for outside work
this year, the O. A. C. baseball team is
decidedly handicapped for early Karnes.
The varsity squad has had only one prac
tice game this year. Pifty men arc re
porting for inside practice work and
light hitting. The loss of four of the
best men on last year's freshmen team
will seriously affect the coach's plans.
OREGON AGRICULTURAL COL
LEGE (P. I. N. S.). —With only one
afternoon favorable for outside work
this year, the O. A. C. baseball team is
decidedly handicapped for early Karnes.
The varsity squad has had only one prac
tice game this year. Pifty men arc re
porting for inside practice work and
light hitting. The loss of four of the
best men on last year's freshmen team
will seriously affect the coach's plans.
OREGON AGRICULTURAL COL
LEGE (P. I. N. S.). —With only one
afternoon favorable for outside work
this year, the O. A. C. baseball team is
decidedly handicapped for early Karnes.
The varsity squad has had only one prac
tice game this year. Pifty men arc re
porting for inside practice work and
light hitting. The loss of four of the
best men on last year's freshmen team
will seriously affect the coach's plans.
OREGON AGRICULTURAL COL
LEGE (P. I. N. S.). —With only one
afternoon favorable for outside work
this year, the O. A. C. baseball team is
decidedly handicapped for early Karnes.
The varsity squad has had only one prac
tice game this year. Pifty men arc re
porting for inside practice work and
light hitting. The loss of four of the
best men on last year's freshmen team
will seriously affect the coach's plans.
OREGON AGRICULTURAL COL
LEGE (P. I. N. S.). —With only one
afternoon favorable for outside work
this year, the O. A. C. baseball team is
decidedly handicapped for early Karnes.
The varsity squad has had only one prac
tice game this year. Pifty men arc re
porting for inside practice work and
light hitting. The loss of four of the
best men on last year's freshmen team
will seriously affect the coach's plans.
OREGON AGRICULTURAL COL
LEGE (P. I. N. S.). —With only one
afternoon favorable for outside work
this year, the O. A. C. baseball team is
decidedly handicapped for early Karnes.
The varsity squad has had only one prac
tice game this year. Pifty men arc re
porting for inside practice work and
light hitting. The loss of four of the
best men on last year's freshmen team
will seriously affect the coach's plans.
OREGON AGRICULTURAL COL
LEGE (P. I. N. S.). —With only one
afternoon favorable for outside work
this year, the O. A. C. baseball team is
decidedly handicapped for early Karnes.
The varsity squad has had only one prac
tice game this year. Pifty men arc re
porting for inside practice work and
light hitting. The loss of four of the
best men on last year's freshmen team
will seriously affect the coach's plans.
OREGON AGRICULTURAL COL
LEGE (P. I. N. S.). —With only one
afternoon favorable for outside work
this year, the O. A. C. baseball team is
decidedly handicapped for early Karnes.
The varsity squad has had only one prac
tice game this year. Pifty men arc re
porting for inside practice work and
light hitting. The loss of four of the
best men on last year's freshmen team
will seriously affect the coach's plans.
OREGON AGRICULTURAL COL
LEGE (P. I. N. S.). —With only one
afternoon favorable for outside work
this year, the O. A. C. baseball team is
decidedly handicapped for early Karnes.
The varsity squad has had only one prac
tice game this year. Pifty men arc re
porting for inside practice work and
light hitting. The loss of four of the
best men on last year's freshmen team
will seriously affect the coach's plans.
OREGON AGRICULTURAL COL
LEGE (P. I. N. S.). —With only one
afternoon favorable for outside work
this year, the O. A. C. baseball team is
decidedly handicapped for early Karnes.
The varsity squad has had only one prac
tice game this year. Pifty men arc re
porting for inside practice work and
light hitting. The loss of four of the
best men on last year's freshmen team
will seriously affect the coach's plans.
