# HANDY AT CONVENTION
## 
### 
Miss Etta Handy, director of dining
halls, lias gone to Boston to attend
the National Home Economics Con
vention. While in the East Miss Handy
expects to meet Miss Christine Kicker,
director of the Stanford Union, who
has just returned from a trip around
the world.
A "noise factory" capable of imitat
ing more than two hundred sounds,
including those emitted by animals,
has been invented for use in the talk
; ing moving pictures.
Miss Etta Handy, director of dining
halls, lias gone to Boston to attend
the National Home Economics Con
vention. While in the East Miss Handy
expects to meet Miss Christine Kicker,
director of the Stanford Union, who
has just returned from a trip around
the world.
A "noise factory" capable of imitat
ing more than two hundred sounds,
including those emitted by animals,
has been invented for use in the talk
; ing moving pictures.
Miss Etta Handy, director of dining
halls, lias gone to Boston to attend
the National Home Economics Con
vention. While in the East Miss Handy
expects to meet Miss Christine Kicker,
director of the Stanford Union, who
has just returned from a trip around
the world.
A "noise factory" capable of imitat
ing more than two hundred sounds,
including those emitted by animals,
has been invented for use in the talk
; ing moving pictures.
Miss Etta Handy, director of dining
halls, lias gone to Boston to attend
the National Home Economics Con
vention. While in the East Miss Handy
expects to meet Miss Christine Kicker,
director of the Stanford Union, who
has just returned from a trip around
the world.
A "noise factory" capable of imitat
ing more than two hundred sounds,
including those emitted by animals,
has been invented for use in the talk
; ing moving pictures.
Miss Etta Handy, director of dining
halls, lias gone to Boston to attend
the National Home Economics Con
vention. While in the East Miss Handy
expects to meet Miss Christine Kicker,
director of the Stanford Union, who
has just returned from a trip around
the world.
A "noise factory" capable of imitat
ing more than two hundred sounds,
including those emitted by animals,
has been invented for use in the talk
; ing moving pictures.
Miss Etta Handy, director of dining
halls, lias gone to Boston to attend
the National Home Economics Con
vention. While in the East Miss Handy
expects to meet Miss Christine Kicker,
director of the Stanford Union, who
has just returned from a trip around
the world.
A "noise factory" capable of imitat
ing more than two hundred sounds,
including those emitted by animals,
has been invented for use in the talk
; ing moving pictures.
Miss Etta Handy, director of dining
halls, lias gone to Boston to attend
the National Home Economics Con
vention. While in the East Miss Handy
expects to meet Miss Christine Kicker,
director of the Stanford Union, who
has just returned from a trip around
the world.
A "noise factory" capable of imitat
ing more than two hundred sounds,
including those emitted by animals,
has been invented for use in the talk
; ing moving pictures.
Miss Etta Handy, director of dining
halls, lias gone to Boston to attend
the National Home Economics Con
vention. While in the East Miss Handy
expects to meet Miss Christine Kicker,
director of the Stanford Union, who
has just returned from a trip around
the world.
A "noise factory" capable of imitat
ing more than two hundred sounds,
including those emitted by animals,
has been invented for use in the talk
; ing moving pictures.
Miss Etta Handy, director of dining
halls, lias gone to Boston to attend
the National Home Economics Con
vention. While in the East Miss Handy
expects to meet Miss Christine Kicker,
director of the Stanford Union, who
has just returned from a trip around
the world.
A "noise factory" capable of imitat
ing more than two hundred sounds,
including those emitted by animals,
has been invented for use in the talk
; ing moving pictures.
Miss Etta Handy, director of dining
halls, lias gone to Boston to attend
the National Home Economics Con
vention. While in the East Miss Handy
expects to meet Miss Christine Kicker,
director of the Stanford Union, who
has just returned from a trip around
the world.
A "noise factory" capable of imitat
ing more than two hundred sounds,
including those emitted by animals,
has been invented for use in the talk
; ing moving pictures.
Miss Etta Handy, director of dining
halls, lias gone to Boston to attend
the National Home Economics Con
vention. While in the East Miss Handy
expects to meet Miss Christine Kicker,
director of the Stanford Union, who
has just returned from a trip around
the world.
A "noise factory" capable of imitat
ing more than two hundred sounds,
including those emitted by animals,
has been invented for use in the talk
; ing moving pictures.
Miss Etta Handy, director of dining
halls, lias gone to Boston to attend
the National Home Economics Con
vention. While in the East Miss Handy
expects to meet Miss Christine Kicker,
director of the Stanford Union, who
has just returned from a trip around
the world.
A "noise factory" capable of imitat
ing more than two hundred sounds,
including those emitted by animals,
has been invented for use in the talk
; ing moving pictures.
Miss Etta Handy, director of dining
halls, lias gone to Boston to attend
the National Home Economics Con
vention. While in the East Miss Handy
expects to meet Miss Christine Kicker,
director of the Stanford Union, who
has just returned from a trip around
the world.
A "noise factory" capable of imitat
ing more than two hundred sounds,
including those emitted by animals,
has been invented for use in the talk
; ing moving pictures.
Miss Etta Handy, director of dining
halls, lias gone to Boston to attend
the National Home Economics Con
vention. While in the East Miss Handy
expects to meet Miss Christine Kicker,
director of the Stanford Union, who
has just returned from a trip around
the world.
A "noise factory" capable of imitat
ing more than two hundred sounds,
including those emitted by animals,
has been invented for use in the talk
; ing moving pictures.
Miss Etta Handy, director of dining
halls, lias gone to Boston to attend
the National Home Economics Con
vention. While in the East Miss Handy
expects to meet Miss Christine Kicker,
director of the Stanford Union, who
has just returned from a trip around
the world.
A "noise factory" capable of imitat
ing more than two hundred sounds,
including those emitted by animals,
has been invented for use in the talk
; ing moving pictures.
Miss Etta Handy, director of dining
halls, lias gone to Boston to attend
the National Home Economics Con
vention. While in the East Miss Handy
expects to meet Miss Christine Kicker,
director of the Stanford Union, who
has just returned from a trip around
the world.
A "noise factory" capable of imitat
ing more than two hundred sounds,
including those emitted by animals,
has been invented for use in the talk
; ing moving pictures.
