# ANNOUNCEMENTS
## 
### 
TUESDAY, JUNE 25
8:00 p.m. — Illustrated lecture on
"Cities of Southern Spain," by Pro
fessor Aurelio Espinosa, in the Lit
tle Theatre. The public is invited.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 26
5:00 to G:00 p.m.—Pi Lambda Theta
tea, honoring Mrs. E. P. Cubberley
at Women's Clubhouse. All women
registered in the School of Educa
tion as majors or candidates for
credentials are cordially invited.
THURSDAY, JUNE 27
10 a.m. to 12 m. and 2 to 4 p.m. —
Social Institute. The American So
cial Hygiene Association in Room
214.
The regular organ recital, by Warren
D. Allen, University organist, in the
Memorial Church, will be held as
scheduled, but the informal discus
sion of the Symphony Program for
June 30 will not be given.
SATURDAY, JUNE 29
8:00 a.m. —Automobile Excursion to
Santa Cruz. Leave from the Stan
ford Union, main entrance, return
ing about 4 p.m. Fare $3.00. Reserva
tions must be made and fare de
posited two days in advance, in the
office of the Director of the Summer
Quarter, Room 173, Administration
Building.

Three convicts in a Texas peniten
tiary were granted furloughs to go
home and get their farm crops in
condition. They were each granted
feixty days.
