# SCHUBERT CLUB TO GIVE CONCERT TUESDAY EVENING
## 
### 
Schubert Club will give a concert
next Tuesday evening in the Little
Theater in place of the regular Tues
day evening lecture, according to an
nouncement by the Public Exercises
committee. The entire program for
the event has not yet been given, but
the women's musical organization is
to give selections from Tennyson's
"The Lady of Shalot" as one of their
principal numbers.
Schubert Club is the women's glee
club. It is composed of about thirty
members, and Dr. L. H. Eaton is the
director. Last year this organization
gave a concert in the Little Theater
which was very well received; so an
excellent program is expected Tues
day night.
Schubert Club will give a concert
next Tuesday evening in the Little
Theater in place of the regular Tues
day evening lecture, according to an
nouncement by the Public Exercises
committee. The entire program for
the event has not yet been given, but
the women's musical organization is
to give selections from Tennyson's
"The Lady of Shalot" as one of their
principal numbers.
Schubert Club is the women's glee
club. It is composed of about thirty
members, and Dr. L. H. Eaton is the
director. Last year this organization
gave a concert in the Little Theater
which was very well received; so an
excellent program is expected Tues
day night.
Schubert Club will give a concert
next Tuesday evening in the Little
Theater in place of the regular Tues
day evening lecture, according to an
nouncement by the Public Exercises
committee. The entire program for
the event has not yet been given, but
the women's musical organization is
to give selections from Tennyson's
"The Lady of Shalot" as one of their
principal numbers.
Schubert Club is the women's glee
club. It is composed of about thirty
members, and Dr. L. H. Eaton is the
director. Last year this organization
gave a concert in the Little Theater
which was very well received; so an
excellent program is expected Tues
day night.
Schubert Club will give a concert
next Tuesday evening in the Little
Theater in place of the regular Tues
day evening lecture, according to an
nouncement by the Public Exercises
committee. The entire program for
the event has not yet been given, but
the women's musical organization is
to give selections from Tennyson's
"The Lady of Shalot" as one of their
principal numbers.
Schubert Club is the women's glee
club. It is composed of about thirty
members, and Dr. L. H. Eaton is the
director. Last year this organization
gave a concert in the Little Theater
which was very well received; so an
excellent program is expected Tues
day night.
Schubert Club will give a concert
next Tuesday evening in the Little
Theater in place of the regular Tues
day evening lecture, according to an
nouncement by the Public Exercises
committee. The entire program for
the event has not yet been given, but
the women's musical organization is
to give selections from Tennyson's
"The Lady of Shalot" as one of their
principal numbers.
Schubert Club is the women's glee
club. It is composed of about thirty
members, and Dr. L. H. Eaton is the
director. Last year this organization
gave a concert in the Little Theater
which was very well received; so an
excellent program is expected Tues
day night.
Schubert Club will give a concert
next Tuesday evening in the Little
Theater in place of the regular Tues
day evening lecture, according to an
nouncement by the Public Exercises
committee. The entire program for
the event has not yet been given, but
the women's musical organization is
to give selections from Tennyson's
"The Lady of Shalot" as one of their
principal numbers.
Schubert Club is the women's glee
club. It is composed of about thirty
members, and Dr. L. H. Eaton is the
director. Last year this organization
gave a concert in the Little Theater
which was very well received; so an
excellent program is expected Tues
day night.
Schubert Club will give a concert
next Tuesday evening in the Little
Theater in place of the regular Tues
day evening lecture, according to an
nouncement by the Public Exercises
committee. The entire program for
the event has not yet been given, but
the women's musical organization is
to give selections from Tennyson's
"The Lady of Shalot" as one of their
principal numbers.
Schubert Club is the women's glee
club. It is composed of about thirty
members, and Dr. L. H. Eaton is the
director. Last year this organization
gave a concert in the Little Theater
which was very well received; so an
excellent program is expected Tues
day night.
Schubert Club will give a concert
next Tuesday evening in the Little
Theater in place of the regular Tues
day evening lecture, according to an
nouncement by the Public Exercises
committee. The entire program for
the event has not yet been given, but
the women's musical organization is
to give selections from Tennyson's
"The Lady of Shalot" as one of their
principal numbers.
Schubert Club is the women's glee
club. It is composed of about thirty
members, and Dr. L. H. Eaton is the
director. Last year this organization
gave a concert in the Little Theater
which was very well received; so an
excellent program is expected Tues
day night.
Schubert Club will give a concert
next Tuesday evening in the Little
Theater in place of the regular Tues
day evening lecture, according to an
nouncement by the Public Exercises
committee. The entire program for
the event has not yet been given, but
the women's musical organization is
to give selections from Tennyson's
"The Lady of Shalot" as one of their
principal numbers.
Schubert Club is the women's glee
club. It is composed of about thirty
members, and Dr. L. H. Eaton is the
director. Last year this organization
gave a concert in the Little Theater
which was very well received; so an
excellent program is expected Tues
day night.
Schubert Club will give a concert
next Tuesday evening in the Little
Theater in place of the regular Tues
day evening lecture, according to an
nouncement by the Public Exercises
committee. The entire program for
the event has not yet been given, but
the women's musical organization is
to give selections from Tennyson's
"The Lady of Shalot" as one of their
principal numbers.
Schubert Club is the women's glee
club. It is composed of about thirty
members, and Dr. L. H. Eaton is the
director. Last year this organization
gave a concert in the Little Theater
which was very well received; so an
excellent program is expected Tues
day night.
Schubert Club will give a concert
next Tuesday evening in the Little
Theater in place of the regular Tues
day evening lecture, according to an
nouncement by the Public Exercises
committee. The entire program for
the event has not yet been given, but
the women's musical organization is
to give selections from Tennyson's
"The Lady of Shalot" as one of their
principal numbers.
Schubert Club is the women's glee
club. It is composed of about thirty
members, and Dr. L. H. Eaton is the
director. Last year this organization
gave a concert in the Little Theater
which was very well received; so an
excellent program is expected Tues
day night.
Schubert Club will give a concert
next Tuesday evening in the Little
Theater in place of the regular Tues
day evening lecture, according to an
nouncement by the Public Exercises
committee. The entire program for
the event has not yet been given, but
the women's musical organization is
to give selections from Tennyson's
"The Lady of Shalot" as one of their
principal numbers.
Schubert Club is the women's glee
club. It is composed of about thirty
members, and Dr. L. H. Eaton is the
director. Last year this organization
gave a concert in the Little Theater
which was very well received; so an
excellent program is expected Tues
day night.
Schubert Club will give a concert
next Tuesday evening in the Little
Theater in place of the regular Tues
day evening lecture, according to an
nouncement by the Public Exercises
committee. The entire program for
the event has not yet been given, but
the women's musical organization is
to give selections from Tennyson's
"The Lady of Shalot" as one of their
principal numbers.
Schubert Club is the women's glee
club. It is composed of about thirty
members, and Dr. L. H. Eaton is the
director. Last year this organization
gave a concert in the Little Theater
which was very well received; so an
excellent program is expected Tues
day night.
Schubert Club will give a concert
next Tuesday evening in the Little
Theater in place of the regular Tues
day evening lecture, according to an
nouncement by the Public Exercises
committee. The entire program for
the event has not yet been given, but
the women's musical organization is
to give selections from Tennyson's
"The Lady of Shalot" as one of their
principal numbers.
Schubert Club is the women's glee
club. It is composed of about thirty
members, and Dr. L. H. Eaton is the
director. Last year this organization
gave a concert in the Little Theater
which was very well received; so an
excellent program is expected Tues
day night.
Schubert Club will give a concert
next Tuesday evening in the Little
Theater in place of the regular Tues
day evening lecture, according to an
nouncement by the Public Exercises
committee. The entire program for
the event has not yet been given, but
the women's musical organization is
to give selections from Tennyson's
"The Lady of Shalot" as one of their
principal numbers.
Schubert Club is the women's glee
club. It is composed of about thirty
members, and Dr. L. H. Eaton is the
director. Last year this organization
gave a concert in the Little Theater
which was very well received; so an
excellent program is expected Tues
day night.
