# "Betty's Boots" Seat Sale to Be Next Monday
## 
### 
Campus and Palo Alto people are
expectantly awaiting the seat sale of
"Betty's Hoots," which will he held
Monday, March 4, at 12:45, at the
Bookstore, and at Weingartner's in
Palo Alto. All present indications
point to a record house for the 1919
Junior Opera when it will be pro
duced on March 7. The scats will sell
for 50 cents, 75 cents, and $1.
J. T. Reynolds, ex-'lB, who collab
orated on the music of "In Dutch" and
"A Pirate for a Day,"was present at
the rehearsal of "Betty's Boots" last
night, and said afterwards that the
1919 opera would undoubtedly prove
an immense success, and that the
songs and dances were exceptionally
good.
Miss Elizabeth Mail, '20, plays the
part of Betty Stanton, an orphan who
is adopted into a rich family. Com
plications begin when she is accused
of stealing some mysterious diamond
