# PRISON RIOT ENDS
## 
### 
BELLEFONTE, Pa., Jan. 22 (UP)
—State Adjutant General Frank A.
Weber said tonight the 330 rebel
ling convicts at Rockview Peniten
tiary have released all six guard
hostages unharmed and have sur
rendered unconditionally.
BELLEFONTE, Pa., Jan. 22 (UP)
—State Adjutant General Frank A.
Weber said tonight the 330 rebel
ling convicts at Rockview Peniten
tiary have released all six guard
hostages unharmed and have sur
rendered unconditionally.
BELLEFONTE, Pa., Jan. 22 (UP)
—State Adjutant General Frank A.
Weber said tonight the 330 rebel
ling convicts at Rockview Peniten
tiary have released all six guard
hostages unharmed and have sur
rendered unconditionally.
BELLEFONTE, Pa., Jan. 22 (UP)
—State Adjutant General Frank A.
Weber said tonight the 330 rebel
ling convicts at Rockview Peniten
tiary have released all six guard
hostages unharmed and have sur
rendered unconditionally.
BELLEFONTE, Pa., Jan. 22 (UP)
—State Adjutant General Frank A.
Weber said tonight the 330 rebel
ling convicts at Rockview Peniten
tiary have released all six guard
hostages unharmed and have sur
rendered unconditionally.
BELLEFONTE, Pa., Jan. 22 (UP)
—State Adjutant General Frank A.
Weber said tonight the 330 rebel
ling convicts at Rockview Peniten
tiary have released all six guard
hostages unharmed and have sur
rendered unconditionally.
BELLEFONTE, Pa., Jan. 22 (UP)
—State Adjutant General Frank A.
Weber said tonight the 330 rebel
ling convicts at Rockview Peniten
tiary have released all six guard
hostages unharmed and have sur
rendered unconditionally.
BELLEFONTE, Pa., Jan. 22 (UP)
—State Adjutant General Frank A.
Weber said tonight the 330 rebel
ling convicts at Rockview Peniten
tiary have released all six guard
hostages unharmed and have sur
rendered unconditionally.
BELLEFONTE, Pa., Jan. 22 (UP)
—State Adjutant General Frank A.
Weber said tonight the 330 rebel
ling convicts at Rockview Peniten
tiary have released all six guard
hostages unharmed and have sur
rendered unconditionally.
BELLEFONTE, Pa., Jan. 22 (UP)
—State Adjutant General Frank A.
Weber said tonight the 330 rebel
ling convicts at Rockview Peniten
tiary have released all six guard
hostages unharmed and have sur
rendered unconditionally.
BELLEFONTE, Pa., Jan. 22 (UP)
—State Adjutant General Frank A.
Weber said tonight the 330 rebel
ling convicts at Rockview Peniten
tiary have released all six guard
hostages unharmed and have sur
rendered unconditionally.
BELLEFONTE, Pa., Jan. 22 (UP)
—State Adjutant General Frank A.
Weber said tonight the 330 rebel
ling convicts at Rockview Peniten
tiary have released all six guard
hostages unharmed and have sur
rendered unconditionally.
BELLEFONTE, Pa., Jan. 22 (UP)
—State Adjutant General Frank A.
Weber said tonight the 330 rebel
ling convicts at Rockview Peniten
tiary have released all six guard
hostages unharmed and have sur
rendered unconditionally.
BELLEFONTE, Pa., Jan. 22 (UP)
—State Adjutant General Frank A.
Weber said tonight the 330 rebel
ling convicts at Rockview Peniten
tiary have released all six guard
hostages unharmed and have sur
rendered unconditionally.
BELLEFONTE, Pa., Jan. 22 (UP)
—State Adjutant General Frank A.
Weber said tonight the 330 rebel
ling convicts at Rockview Peniten
tiary have released all six guard
hostages unharmed and have sur
rendered unconditionally.
