# HEY, FELLAS!
## 
### 
The Lagunita girls are inviting
their friends after the Sunday
Flicks to Lag Court for music and
refreshments from 10 to 11:30.
The Lagunita girls are inviting
their friends after the Sunday
Flicks to Lag Court for music and
refreshments from 10 to 11:30.
The Lagunita girls are inviting
their friends after the Sunday
Flicks to Lag Court for music and
refreshments from 10 to 11:30.
The Lagunita girls are inviting
their friends after the Sunday
Flicks to Lag Court for music and
refreshments from 10 to 11:30.
The Lagunita girls are inviting
their friends after the Sunday
Flicks to Lag Court for music and
refreshments from 10 to 11:30.
The Lagunita girls are inviting
their friends after the Sunday
Flicks to Lag Court for music and
refreshments from 10 to 11:30.
The Lagunita girls are inviting
their friends after the Sunday
Flicks to Lag Court for music and
refreshments from 10 to 11:30.
The Lagunita girls are inviting
their friends after the Sunday
Flicks to Lag Court for music and
refreshments from 10 to 11:30.
The Lagunita girls are inviting
their friends after the Sunday
Flicks to Lag Court for music and
refreshments from 10 to 11:30.
The Lagunita girls are inviting
their friends after the Sunday
Flicks to Lag Court for music and
refreshments from 10 to 11:30.
The Lagunita girls are inviting
their friends after the Sunday
Flicks to Lag Court for music and
refreshments from 10 to 11:30.
The Lagunita girls are inviting
their friends after the Sunday
Flicks to Lag Court for music and
refreshments from 10 to 11:30.
The Lagunita girls are inviting
their friends after the Sunday
Flicks to Lag Court for music and
refreshments from 10 to 11:30.
The Lagunita girls are inviting
their friends after the Sunday
Flicks to Lag Court for music and
refreshments from 10 to 11:30.
The Lagunita girls are inviting
their friends after the Sunday
Flicks to Lag Court for music and
refreshments from 10 to 11:30.
