# SKI TRYOUTS
## 
### 
Preliminary tryouts for the ski
team will be held tomorrow and
Sunday at the Donner Ski Ranch,
captain Doug Collins announced
yesterday.
Collins said that prospective
ski team members should enter
the Class A or B giant slalom
race to be held Sunday. Satur
day, Collins is attempting to ar
range some informal racing for
the men trying out.
Preliminary tryouts for the ski
team will be held tomorrow and
Sunday at the Donner Ski Ranch,
captain Doug Collins announced
yesterday.
Collins said that prospective
ski team members should enter
the Class A or B giant slalom
race to be held Sunday. Satur
day, Collins is attempting to ar
range some informal racing for
the men trying out.
Preliminary tryouts for the ski
team will be held tomorrow and
Sunday at the Donner Ski Ranch,
captain Doug Collins announced
yesterday.
Collins said that prospective
ski team members should enter
the Class A or B giant slalom
race to be held Sunday. Satur
day, Collins is attempting to ar
range some informal racing for
the men trying out.
Preliminary tryouts for the ski
team will be held tomorrow and
Sunday at the Donner Ski Ranch,
captain Doug Collins announced
yesterday.
Collins said that prospective
ski team members should enter
the Class A or B giant slalom
race to be held Sunday. Satur
day, Collins is attempting to ar
range some informal racing for
the men trying out.
Preliminary tryouts for the ski
team will be held tomorrow and
Sunday at the Donner Ski Ranch,
captain Doug Collins announced
yesterday.
Collins said that prospective
ski team members should enter
the Class A or B giant slalom
race to be held Sunday. Satur
day, Collins is attempting to ar
range some informal racing for
the men trying out.
Preliminary tryouts for the ski
team will be held tomorrow and
Sunday at the Donner Ski Ranch,
captain Doug Collins announced
yesterday.
Collins said that prospective
ski team members should enter
the Class A or B giant slalom
race to be held Sunday. Satur
day, Collins is attempting to ar
range some informal racing for
the men trying out.
Preliminary tryouts for the ski
team will be held tomorrow and
Sunday at the Donner Ski Ranch,
captain Doug Collins announced
yesterday.
Collins said that prospective
ski team members should enter
the Class A or B giant slalom
race to be held Sunday. Satur
day, Collins is attempting to ar
range some informal racing for
the men trying out.
Preliminary tryouts for the ski
team will be held tomorrow and
Sunday at the Donner Ski Ranch,
captain Doug Collins announced
yesterday.
Collins said that prospective
ski team members should enter
the Class A or B giant slalom
race to be held Sunday. Satur
day, Collins is attempting to ar
range some informal racing for
the men trying out.
Preliminary tryouts for the ski
team will be held tomorrow and
Sunday at the Donner Ski Ranch,
captain Doug Collins announced
yesterday.
Collins said that prospective
ski team members should enter
the Class A or B giant slalom
race to be held Sunday. Satur
day, Collins is attempting to ar
range some informal racing for
the men trying out.
Preliminary tryouts for the ski
team will be held tomorrow and
Sunday at the Donner Ski Ranch,
captain Doug Collins announced
yesterday.
Collins said that prospective
ski team members should enter
the Class A or B giant slalom
race to be held Sunday. Satur
day, Collins is attempting to ar
range some informal racing for
the men trying out.
Preliminary tryouts for the ski
team will be held tomorrow and
Sunday at the Donner Ski Ranch,
captain Doug Collins announced
yesterday.
Collins said that prospective
ski team members should enter
the Class A or B giant slalom
race to be held Sunday. Satur
day, Collins is attempting to ar
range some informal racing for
the men trying out.
Preliminary tryouts for the ski
team will be held tomorrow and
Sunday at the Donner Ski Ranch,
captain Doug Collins announced
yesterday.
Collins said that prospective
ski team members should enter
the Class A or B giant slalom
race to be held Sunday. Satur
day, Collins is attempting to ar
range some informal racing for
the men trying out.
Preliminary tryouts for the ski
team will be held tomorrow and
Sunday at the Donner Ski Ranch,
captain Doug Collins announced
yesterday.
Collins said that prospective
ski team members should enter
the Class A or B giant slalom
race to be held Sunday. Satur
day, Collins is attempting to ar
range some informal racing for
the men trying out.
Preliminary tryouts for the ski
team will be held tomorrow and
Sunday at the Donner Ski Ranch,
captain Doug Collins announced
yesterday.
Collins said that prospective
ski team members should enter
the Class A or B giant slalom
race to be held Sunday. Satur
day, Collins is attempting to ar
range some informal racing for
the men trying out.
Preliminary tryouts for the ski
team will be held tomorrow and
Sunday at the Donner Ski Ranch,
captain Doug Collins announced
yesterday.
Collins said that prospective
ski team members should enter
the Class A or B giant slalom
race to be held Sunday. Satur
day, Collins is attempting to ar
range some informal racing for
the men trying out.
