# Interviews Set For March, June Grads
## 
### 
Students should sum up at the
Placement Service for today's in
terviews with tiie Aißesearch Man
ufacturing Company, Lo Angele
Their representative is interested m
men graduating in Mareli and June
with a B.S. or M.S. in physic , me
chanical, electrical, and design and
development engineering. The com
pany also needs Ph.D. candidates to
work in the field of stress and vi
bration analysis,
Students should sum up at the
Placement Service for today's in
terviews with tiie Aißesearch Man
ufacturing Company, Lo Angele
Their representative is interested m
men graduating in Mareli and June
with a B.S. or M.S. in physic , me
chanical, electrical, and design and
development engineering. The com
pany also needs Ph.D. candidates to
work in the field of stress and vi
bration analysis,
Students should sum up at the
Placement Service for today's in
terviews with tiie Aißesearch Man
ufacturing Company, Lo Angele
Their representative is interested m
men graduating in Mareli and June
with a B.S. or M.S. in physic , me
chanical, electrical, and design and
development engineering. The com
pany also needs Ph.D. candidates to
work in the field of stress and vi
bration analysis,
Students should sum up at the
Placement Service for today's in
terviews with tiie Aißesearch Man
ufacturing Company, Lo Angele
Their representative is interested m
men graduating in Mareli and June
with a B.S. or M.S. in physic , me
chanical, electrical, and design and
development engineering. The com
pany also needs Ph.D. candidates to
work in the field of stress and vi
bration analysis,
Students should sum up at the
Placement Service for today's in
terviews with tiie Aißesearch Man
ufacturing Company, Lo Angele
Their representative is interested m
men graduating in Mareli and June
with a B.S. or M.S. in physic , me
chanical, electrical, and design and
development engineering. The com
pany also needs Ph.D. candidates to
work in the field of stress and vi
bration analysis,
Students should sum up at the
Placement Service for today's in
terviews with tiie Aißesearch Man
ufacturing Company, Lo Angele
Their representative is interested m
men graduating in Mareli and June
with a B.S. or M.S. in physic , me
chanical, electrical, and design and
development engineering. The com
pany also needs Ph.D. candidates to
work in the field of stress and vi
bration analysis,
Students should sum up at the
Placement Service for today's in
terviews with tiie Aißesearch Man
ufacturing Company, Lo Angele
Their representative is interested m
men graduating in Mareli and June
with a B.S. or M.S. in physic , me
chanical, electrical, and design and
development engineering. The com
pany also needs Ph.D. candidates to
work in the field of stress and vi
bration analysis,
Students should sum up at the
Placement Service for today's in
terviews with tiie Aißesearch Man
ufacturing Company, Lo Angele
Their representative is interested m
men graduating in Mareli and June
with a B.S. or M.S. in physic , me
chanical, electrical, and design and
development engineering. The com
pany also needs Ph.D. candidates to
work in the field of stress and vi
bration analysis,
Students should sum up at the
Placement Service for today's in
terviews with tiie Aißesearch Man
ufacturing Company, Lo Angele
Their representative is interested m
men graduating in Mareli and June
with a B.S. or M.S. in physic , me
chanical, electrical, and design and
development engineering. The com
pany also needs Ph.D. candidates to
work in the field of stress and vi
bration analysis,
Students should sum up at the
Placement Service for today's in
terviews with tiie Aißesearch Man
ufacturing Company, Lo Angele
Their representative is interested m
men graduating in Mareli and June
with a B.S. or M.S. in physic , me
chanical, electrical, and design and
development engineering. The com
pany also needs Ph.D. candidates to
work in the field of stress and vi
bration analysis,
Students should sum up at the
Placement Service for today's in
terviews with tiie Aißesearch Man
ufacturing Company, Lo Angele
Their representative is interested m
men graduating in Mareli and June
with a B.S. or M.S. in physic , me
chanical, electrical, and design and
development engineering. The com
pany also needs Ph.D. candidates to
work in the field of stress and vi
bration analysis,
Students should sum up at the
Placement Service for today's in
terviews with tiie Aißesearch Man
ufacturing Company, Lo Angele
Their representative is interested m
men graduating in Mareli and June
with a B.S. or M.S. in physic , me
chanical, electrical, and design and
development engineering. The com
pany also needs Ph.D. candidates to
work in the field of stress and vi
bration analysis,
Students should sum up at the
Placement Service for today's in
terviews with tiie Aißesearch Man
ufacturing Company, Lo Angele
Their representative is interested m
men graduating in Mareli and June
with a B.S. or M.S. in physic , me
chanical, electrical, and design and
development engineering. The com
pany also needs Ph.D. candidates to
work in the field of stress and vi
bration analysis,
Students should sum up at the
Placement Service for today's in
terviews with tiie Aißesearch Man
ufacturing Company, Lo Angele
Their representative is interested m
men graduating in Mareli and June
with a B.S. or M.S. in physic , me
chanical, electrical, and design and
development engineering. The com
pany also needs Ph.D. candidates to
work in the field of stress and vi
bration analysis,
Students should sum up at the
Placement Service for today's in
terviews with tiie Aißesearch Man
ufacturing Company, Lo Angele
Their representative is interested m
men graduating in Mareli and June
with a B.S. or M.S. in physic , me
chanical, electrical, and design and
development engineering. The com
pany also needs Ph.D. candidates to
work in the field of stress and vi
bration analysis,
