# Adv. 14 Page 4
## 
### 
JEWELER
TO STANFORD MEN
r AND WOMEN
Guaranteed Watch
Hamilton, Gruen, and other
fine watches
CULVER'S
Pioneer Jeweler
167 University Ave. Phone 5331
JEWELER
TO STANFORD MEN
r AND WOMEN
Guaranteed Watch
Hamilton, Gruen, and other
fine watches
CULVER'S
Pioneer Jeweler
167 University Ave. Phone 5331
JEWELER
TO STANFORD MEN
r AND WOMEN
Guaranteed Watch
Hamilton, Gruen, and other
fine watches
CULVER'S
Pioneer Jeweler
167 University Ave. Phone 5331
JEWELER
TO STANFORD MEN
r AND WOMEN
Guaranteed Watch
Hamilton, Gruen, and other
fine watches
CULVER'S
Pioneer Jeweler
167 University Ave. Phone 5331
JEWELER
TO STANFORD MEN
r AND WOMEN
Guaranteed Watch
Hamilton, Gruen, and other
fine watches
CULVER'S
Pioneer Jeweler
167 University Ave. Phone 5331
JEWELER
TO STANFORD MEN
r AND WOMEN
Guaranteed Watch
Hamilton, Gruen, and other
fine watches
CULVER'S
Pioneer Jeweler
167 University Ave. Phone 5331
JEWELER
TO STANFORD MEN
r AND WOMEN
Guaranteed Watch
Hamilton, Gruen, and other
fine watches
CULVER'S
Pioneer Jeweler
167 University Ave. Phone 5331
JEWELER
TO STANFORD MEN
r AND WOMEN
Guaranteed Watch
Hamilton, Gruen, and other
fine watches
CULVER'S
Pioneer Jeweler
167 University Ave. Phone 5331
JEWELER
TO STANFORD MEN
r AND WOMEN
Guaranteed Watch
Hamilton, Gruen, and other
fine watches
CULVER'S
Pioneer Jeweler
167 University Ave. Phone 5331
JEWELER
TO STANFORD MEN
r AND WOMEN
Guaranteed Watch
Hamilton, Gruen, and other
fine watches
CULVER'S
Pioneer Jeweler
167 University Ave. Phone 5331
JEWELER
TO STANFORD MEN
r AND WOMEN
Guaranteed Watch
Hamilton, Gruen, and other
fine watches
CULVER'S
Pioneer Jeweler
167 University Ave. Phone 5331
JEWELER
TO STANFORD MEN
r AND WOMEN
Guaranteed Watch
Hamilton, Gruen, and other
fine watches
CULVER'S
Pioneer Jeweler
167 University Ave. Phone 5331
JEWELER
TO STANFORD MEN
r AND WOMEN
Guaranteed Watch
Hamilton, Gruen, and other
fine watches
CULVER'S
Pioneer Jeweler
167 University Ave. Phone 5331
JEWELER
TO STANFORD MEN
r AND WOMEN
Guaranteed Watch
Hamilton, Gruen, and other
fine watches
CULVER'S
Pioneer Jeweler
167 University Ave. Phone 5331
JEWELER
TO STANFORD MEN
r AND WOMEN
Guaranteed Watch
Hamilton, Gruen, and other
fine watches
CULVER'S
Pioneer Jeweler
167 University Ave. Phone 5331
JEWELER
TO STANFORD MEN
r AND WOMEN
Guaranteed Watch
Hamilton, Gruen, and other
fine watches
CULVER'S
Pioneer Jeweler
167 University Ave. Phone 5331
JEWELER
TO STANFORD MEN
r AND WOMEN
Guaranteed Watch
Hamilton, Gruen, and other
fine watches
CULVER'S
Pioneer Jeweler
167 University Ave. Phone 5331
JEWELER
TO STANFORD MEN
r AND WOMEN
Guaranteed Watch
Hamilton, Gruen, and other
fine watches
CULVER'S
Pioneer Jeweler
167 University Ave. Phone 5331
