# WOHLE BACK FROM ORD
## 
### 
Bill Wohle, former Indian shot
putter, is back on the campus, hav
ing recently been honorably dis
charged from Fort Ord due to his
allergy to dust and certain pollens.
Wohle, Big Meet winner in his event
in 1939, will return to teaching.
Bill Wohle, former Indian shot
putter, is back on the campus, hav
ing recently been honorably dis
charged from Fort Ord due to his
allergy to dust and certain pollens.
Wohle, Big Meet winner in his event
in 1939, will return to teaching.
Bill Wohle, former Indian shot
putter, is back on the campus, hav
ing recently been honorably dis
charged from Fort Ord due to his
allergy to dust and certain pollens.
Wohle, Big Meet winner in his event
in 1939, will return to teaching.
Bill Wohle, former Indian shot
putter, is back on the campus, hav
ing recently been honorably dis
charged from Fort Ord due to his
allergy to dust and certain pollens.
Wohle, Big Meet winner in his event
in 1939, will return to teaching.
Bill Wohle, former Indian shot
putter, is back on the campus, hav
ing recently been honorably dis
charged from Fort Ord due to his
allergy to dust and certain pollens.
Wohle, Big Meet winner in his event
in 1939, will return to teaching.
Bill Wohle, former Indian shot
putter, is back on the campus, hav
ing recently been honorably dis
charged from Fort Ord due to his
allergy to dust and certain pollens.
Wohle, Big Meet winner in his event
in 1939, will return to teaching.
Bill Wohle, former Indian shot
putter, is back on the campus, hav
ing recently been honorably dis
charged from Fort Ord due to his
allergy to dust and certain pollens.
Wohle, Big Meet winner in his event
in 1939, will return to teaching.
Bill Wohle, former Indian shot
putter, is back on the campus, hav
ing recently been honorably dis
charged from Fort Ord due to his
allergy to dust and certain pollens.
Wohle, Big Meet winner in his event
in 1939, will return to teaching.
Bill Wohle, former Indian shot
putter, is back on the campus, hav
ing recently been honorably dis
charged from Fort Ord due to his
allergy to dust and certain pollens.
Wohle, Big Meet winner in his event
in 1939, will return to teaching.
Bill Wohle, former Indian shot
putter, is back on the campus, hav
ing recently been honorably dis
charged from Fort Ord due to his
allergy to dust and certain pollens.
Wohle, Big Meet winner in his event
in 1939, will return to teaching.
Bill Wohle, former Indian shot
putter, is back on the campus, hav
ing recently been honorably dis
charged from Fort Ord due to his
allergy to dust and certain pollens.
Wohle, Big Meet winner in his event
in 1939, will return to teaching.
Bill Wohle, former Indian shot
putter, is back on the campus, hav
ing recently been honorably dis
charged from Fort Ord due to his
allergy to dust and certain pollens.
Wohle, Big Meet winner in his event
in 1939, will return to teaching.
Bill Wohle, former Indian shot
putter, is back on the campus, hav
ing recently been honorably dis
charged from Fort Ord due to his
allergy to dust and certain pollens.
Wohle, Big Meet winner in his event
in 1939, will return to teaching.
Bill Wohle, former Indian shot
putter, is back on the campus, hav
ing recently been honorably dis
charged from Fort Ord due to his
allergy to dust and certain pollens.
Wohle, Big Meet winner in his event
in 1939, will return to teaching.
Bill Wohle, former Indian shot
putter, is back on the campus, hav
ing recently been honorably dis
charged from Fort Ord due to his
allergy to dust and certain pollens.
Wohle, Big Meet winner in his event
in 1939, will return to teaching.
Bill Wohle, former Indian shot
putter, is back on the campus, hav
ing recently been honorably dis
charged from Fort Ord due to his
allergy to dust and certain pollens.
Wohle, Big Meet winner in his event
in 1939, will return to teaching.
Bill Wohle, former Indian shot
putter, is back on the campus, hav
ing recently been honorably dis
charged from Fort Ord due to his
allergy to dust and certain pollens.
Wohle, Big Meet winner in his event
in 1939, will return to teaching.
Bill Wohle, former Indian shot
putter, is back on the campus, hav
ing recently been honorably dis
charged from Fort Ord due to his
allergy to dust and certain pollens.
Wohle, Big Meet winner in his event
in 1939, will return to teaching.
