# Scarcity of Silk Perils Tradition
## 
### 
With the nation's supply of silk
stockings nearing exhaustion, an
other of Stanford's few remaining
traditions may disappear. Fall quar
ter will probably find women stu
dents wearing the short sox found
on practically every other western
campus, knee-length sox popular in
the East, or cotton stockings the
merchants predict as the comirig
style.
The silk stocking rush began
Saturday, and stocks were rapidly
depleted by purchases running as
high as one Palo Alto order of $60.
Merchants doubt if any more silk
stockings will be forthcoming, with
no more silk shipments from Japan
and the duPonts concentrating on
munitions instead of coal-and-water
nylons.
