# Farm to Greet Latin America
## 
### 
A series of short-wave broadcasts
featuring Stanford professors and
directed at Latin America will be
gin on October 6, Mrs. Maria Mac-
Cormick Hoge, director of the Office
of Pan-American Relations in the
Hoover Library of War, Revolution,
and Peace, revealed recently.
Titled, "Stanford Greets the
Americas," the program will feature
such Latin American experts as Dr.
Graham Stuart, Dr. Percy A. Mar
tin, Dr. Aurelio M. Espinosa, and
Mrs. Hoge.
The broadcasts will not be polit
ical in nature and are not a propa
ganda effort.
A series of short-wave broadcasts
featuring Stanford professors and
directed at Latin America will be
gin on October 6, Mrs. Maria Mac-
Cormick Hoge, director of the Office
of Pan-American Relations in the
Hoover Library of War, Revolution,
and Peace, revealed recently.
Titled, "Stanford Greets the
Americas," the program will feature
such Latin American experts as Dr.
Graham Stuart, Dr. Percy A. Mar
tin, Dr. Aurelio M. Espinosa, and
Mrs. Hoge.
The broadcasts will not be polit
ical in nature and are not a propa
ganda effort.
A series of short-wave broadcasts
featuring Stanford professors and
directed at Latin America will be
gin on October 6, Mrs. Maria Mac-
Cormick Hoge, director of the Office
of Pan-American Relations in the
Hoover Library of War, Revolution,
and Peace, revealed recently.
Titled, "Stanford Greets the
Americas," the program will feature
such Latin American experts as Dr.
Graham Stuart, Dr. Percy A. Mar
tin, Dr. Aurelio M. Espinosa, and
Mrs. Hoge.
The broadcasts will not be polit
ical in nature and are not a propa
ganda effort.
A series of short-wave broadcasts
featuring Stanford professors and
directed at Latin America will be
gin on October 6, Mrs. Maria Mac-
Cormick Hoge, director of the Office
of Pan-American Relations in the
Hoover Library of War, Revolution,
and Peace, revealed recently.
Titled, "Stanford Greets the
Americas," the program will feature
such Latin American experts as Dr.
Graham Stuart, Dr. Percy A. Mar
tin, Dr. Aurelio M. Espinosa, and
Mrs. Hoge.
The broadcasts will not be polit
ical in nature and are not a propa
ganda effort.
A series of short-wave broadcasts
featuring Stanford professors and
directed at Latin America will be
gin on October 6, Mrs. Maria Mac-
Cormick Hoge, director of the Office
of Pan-American Relations in the
Hoover Library of War, Revolution,
and Peace, revealed recently.
Titled, "Stanford Greets the
Americas," the program will feature
such Latin American experts as Dr.
Graham Stuart, Dr. Percy A. Mar
tin, Dr. Aurelio M. Espinosa, and
Mrs. Hoge.
The broadcasts will not be polit
ical in nature and are not a propa
ganda effort.
A series of short-wave broadcasts
featuring Stanford professors and
directed at Latin America will be
gin on October 6, Mrs. Maria Mac-
Cormick Hoge, director of the Office
of Pan-American Relations in the
Hoover Library of War, Revolution,
and Peace, revealed recently.
Titled, "Stanford Greets the
Americas," the program will feature
such Latin American experts as Dr.
Graham Stuart, Dr. Percy A. Mar
tin, Dr. Aurelio M. Espinosa, and
Mrs. Hoge.
The broadcasts will not be polit
ical in nature and are not a propa
ganda effort.
A series of short-wave broadcasts
featuring Stanford professors and
directed at Latin America will be
gin on October 6, Mrs. Maria Mac-
Cormick Hoge, director of the Office
of Pan-American Relations in the
Hoover Library of War, Revolution,
and Peace, revealed recently.
Titled, "Stanford Greets the
Americas," the program will feature
such Latin American experts as Dr.
Graham Stuart, Dr. Percy A. Mar
tin, Dr. Aurelio M. Espinosa, and
Mrs. Hoge.
The broadcasts will not be polit
ical in nature and are not a propa
ganda effort.
A series of short-wave broadcasts
featuring Stanford professors and
directed at Latin America will be
gin on October 6, Mrs. Maria Mac-
Cormick Hoge, director of the Office
of Pan-American Relations in the
Hoover Library of War, Revolution,
and Peace, revealed recently.
Titled, "Stanford Greets the
Americas," the program will feature
such Latin American experts as Dr.
Graham Stuart, Dr. Percy A. Mar
tin, Dr. Aurelio M. Espinosa, and
Mrs. Hoge.
The broadcasts will not be polit
ical in nature and are not a propa
ganda effort.
A series of short-wave broadcasts
featuring Stanford professors and
directed at Latin America will be
gin on October 6, Mrs. Maria Mac-
Cormick Hoge, director of the Office
of Pan-American Relations in the
Hoover Library of War, Revolution,
and Peace, revealed recently.
Titled, "Stanford Greets the
Americas," the program will feature
such Latin American experts as Dr.
Graham Stuart, Dr. Percy A. Mar
tin, Dr. Aurelio M. Espinosa, and
Mrs. Hoge.
The broadcasts will not be polit
ical in nature and are not a propa
ganda effort.
A series of short-wave broadcasts
featuring Stanford professors and
directed at Latin America will be
gin on October 6, Mrs. Maria Mac-
Cormick Hoge, director of the Office
of Pan-American Relations in the
Hoover Library of War, Revolution,
and Peace, revealed recently.
Titled, "Stanford Greets the
Americas," the program will feature
such Latin American experts as Dr.
Graham Stuart, Dr. Percy A. Mar
tin, Dr. Aurelio M. Espinosa, and
Mrs. Hoge.
The broadcasts will not be polit
ical in nature and are not a propa
ganda effort.
A series of short-wave broadcasts
featuring Stanford professors and
directed at Latin America will be
gin on October 6, Mrs. Maria Mac-
Cormick Hoge, director of the Office
of Pan-American Relations in the
Hoover Library of War, Revolution,
and Peace, revealed recently.
Titled, "Stanford Greets the
Americas," the program will feature
such Latin American experts as Dr.
Graham Stuart, Dr. Percy A. Mar
tin, Dr. Aurelio M. Espinosa, and
Mrs. Hoge.
The broadcasts will not be polit
ical in nature and are not a propa
ganda effort.
A series of short-wave broadcasts
featuring Stanford professors and
directed at Latin America will be
gin on October 6, Mrs. Maria Mac-
Cormick Hoge, director of the Office
of Pan-American Relations in the
Hoover Library of War, Revolution,
and Peace, revealed recently.
Titled, "Stanford Greets the
Americas," the program will feature
such Latin American experts as Dr.
Graham Stuart, Dr. Percy A. Mar
tin, Dr. Aurelio M. Espinosa, and
Mrs. Hoge.
The broadcasts will not be polit
ical in nature and are not a propa
ganda effort.
A series of short-wave broadcasts
featuring Stanford professors and
directed at Latin America will be
gin on October 6, Mrs. Maria Mac-
Cormick Hoge, director of the Office
of Pan-American Relations in the
Hoover Library of War, Revolution,
and Peace, revealed recently.
Titled, "Stanford Greets the
Americas," the program will feature
such Latin American experts as Dr.
Graham Stuart, Dr. Percy A. Mar
tin, Dr. Aurelio M. Espinosa, and
Mrs. Hoge.
The broadcasts will not be polit
ical in nature and are not a propa
ganda effort.
A series of short-wave broadcasts
featuring Stanford professors and
directed at Latin America will be
gin on October 6, Mrs. Maria Mac-
Cormick Hoge, director of the Office
of Pan-American Relations in the
Hoover Library of War, Revolution,
and Peace, revealed recently.
Titled, "Stanford Greets the
Americas," the program will feature
such Latin American experts as Dr.
Graham Stuart, Dr. Percy A. Mar
tin, Dr. Aurelio M. Espinosa, and
Mrs. Hoge.
The broadcasts will not be polit
ical in nature and are not a propa
ganda effort.
A series of short-wave broadcasts
featuring Stanford professors and
directed at Latin America will be
gin on October 6, Mrs. Maria Mac-
Cormick Hoge, director of the Office
of Pan-American Relations in the
Hoover Library of War, Revolution,
and Peace, revealed recently.
Titled, "Stanford Greets the
Americas," the program will feature
such Latin American experts as Dr.
Graham Stuart, Dr. Percy A. Mar
tin, Dr. Aurelio M. Espinosa, and
Mrs. Hoge.
The broadcasts will not be polit
ical in nature and are not a propa
ganda effort.
A series of short-wave broadcasts
featuring Stanford professors and
directed at Latin America will be
gin on October 6, Mrs. Maria Mac-
Cormick Hoge, director of the Office
of Pan-American Relations in the
Hoover Library of War, Revolution,
and Peace, revealed recently.
Titled, "Stanford Greets the
Americas," the program will feature
such Latin American experts as Dr.
Graham Stuart, Dr. Percy A. Mar
tin, Dr. Aurelio M. Espinosa, and
Mrs. Hoge.
The broadcasts will not be polit
ical in nature and are not a propa
ganda effort.
A series of short-wave broadcasts
featuring Stanford professors and
directed at Latin America will be
gin on October 6, Mrs. Maria Mac-
Cormick Hoge, director of the Office
of Pan-American Relations in the
Hoover Library of War, Revolution,
and Peace, revealed recently.
Titled, "Stanford Greets the
Americas," the program will feature
such Latin American experts as Dr.
Graham Stuart, Dr. Percy A. Mar
tin, Dr. Aurelio M. Espinosa, and
Mrs. Hoge.
The broadcasts will not be polit
ical in nature and are not a propa
ganda effort.
A series of short-wave broadcasts
featuring Stanford professors and
directed at Latin America will be
gin on October 6, Mrs. Maria Mac-
Cormick Hoge, director of the Office
of Pan-American Relations in the
Hoover Library of War, Revolution,
and Peace, revealed recently.
Titled, "Stanford Greets the
Americas," the program will feature
such Latin American experts as Dr.
Graham Stuart, Dr. Percy A. Mar
tin, Dr. Aurelio M. Espinosa, and
Mrs. Hoge.
The broadcasts will not be polit
ical in nature and are not a propa
ganda effort.
