# Summer Students Regard Library Rules
## 
### 
The majority of summer quarter
students are older and seem to have
more regard for library rules, di
rectors of the library declared yes
terday.
The majority of summer quarter
students are older and seem to have
more regard for library rules, di
rectors of the library declared yes
terday.
The majority of summer quarter
students are older and seem to have
more regard for library rules, di
rectors of the library declared yes
terday.
The majority of summer quarter
students are older and seem to have
more regard for library rules, di
rectors of the library declared yes
terday.
The majority of summer quarter
students are older and seem to have
more regard for library rules, di
rectors of the library declared yes
terday.
The majority of summer quarter
students are older and seem to have
more regard for library rules, di
rectors of the library declared yes
terday.
The majority of summer quarter
students are older and seem to have
more regard for library rules, di
rectors of the library declared yes
terday.
The majority of summer quarter
students are older and seem to have
more regard for library rules, di
rectors of the library declared yes
terday.
The majority of summer quarter
students are older and seem to have
more regard for library rules, di
rectors of the library declared yes
terday.
The majority of summer quarter
students are older and seem to have
more regard for library rules, di
rectors of the library declared yes
terday.
The majority of summer quarter
students are older and seem to have
more regard for library rules, di
rectors of the library declared yes
terday.
The majority of summer quarter
students are older and seem to have
more regard for library rules, di
rectors of the library declared yes
terday.
The majority of summer quarter
students are older and seem to have
more regard for library rules, di
rectors of the library declared yes
terday.
The majority of summer quarter
students are older and seem to have
more regard for library rules, di
rectors of the library declared yes
terday.
The majority of summer quarter
students are older and seem to have
more regard for library rules, di
rectors of the library declared yes
terday.
The majority of summer quarter
students are older and seem to have
more regard for library rules, di
rectors of the library declared yes
terday.
The majority of summer quarter
students are older and seem to have
more regard for library rules, di
rectors of the library declared yes
terday.
The majority of summer quarter
students are older and seem to have
more regard for library rules, di
rectors of the library declared yes
terday.
