# Untitled Article
## 
### 
One week from Saturday the
first game of the intercollegiate
baseball series will be played upon
the diamond at the University of
California. It seems hardly neces
sary to urge all Stanford men to be
there to cheer for the team. It
should not be forgotten that the
teim is playing on a strange cam
pun, and that it will need all the
support that can be given it. Un
doubtedly a cheer-section will be
set apart for Stanford, and every
Stanford man should be found in
it. A good yell at the proper time
does much to hold a team together
and to keep it working well. The
men have practiced and trained
faithfully for several weeks. They
have been handicapped by the loss
of scheduled games owing to the
rains, by loss of their coach, and
some strong players. Nevertheless
they have displayed a spirit of
determination that is praiseworthy,
and they have faithfully trained
throughout the season. Whatever
the outcome of the game, we feel
that we have a team that honestly
deserves a victory. It is entitled
to our aid and gratitude, and these
it will receive whether the game
result in a victory or a defeat.
