# Brubeck to Give Concerts Sunday
## 
### 
Dave Brubeck brings his famed
quartet to Merryvale, on Alpine
Road opposite the Ladera Shop
ping Center, on Sunday, June 8,
for two one - hour concerts be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
Tickets will be sold at Merry
vale, at Brown's Music Store and
Carlson Book Store in the Stan
ford Shopping Center, and at
Hage's Music Store and Ihe Uni
versity Office and Art Supply in
Palo Alto.
Dave Brubeck brings his famed
quartet to Merryvale, on Alpine
Road opposite the Ladera Shop
ping Center, on Sunday, June 8,
for two one - hour concerts be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
Tickets will be sold at Merry
vale, at Brown's Music Store and
Carlson Book Store in the Stan
ford Shopping Center, and at
Hage's Music Store and Ihe Uni
versity Office and Art Supply in
Palo Alto.
Dave Brubeck brings his famed
quartet to Merryvale, on Alpine
Road opposite the Ladera Shop
ping Center, on Sunday, June 8,
for two one - hour concerts be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
Tickets will be sold at Merry
vale, at Brown's Music Store and
Carlson Book Store in the Stan
ford Shopping Center, and at
Hage's Music Store and Ihe Uni
versity Office and Art Supply in
Palo Alto.
Dave Brubeck brings his famed
quartet to Merryvale, on Alpine
Road opposite the Ladera Shop
ping Center, on Sunday, June 8,
for two one - hour concerts be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
Tickets will be sold at Merry
vale, at Brown's Music Store and
Carlson Book Store in the Stan
ford Shopping Center, and at
Hage's Music Store and Ihe Uni
versity Office and Art Supply in
Palo Alto.
Dave Brubeck brings his famed
quartet to Merryvale, on Alpine
Road opposite the Ladera Shop
ping Center, on Sunday, June 8,
for two one - hour concerts be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
Tickets will be sold at Merry
vale, at Brown's Music Store and
Carlson Book Store in the Stan
ford Shopping Center, and at
Hage's Music Store and Ihe Uni
versity Office and Art Supply in
Palo Alto.
Dave Brubeck brings his famed
quartet to Merryvale, on Alpine
Road opposite the Ladera Shop
ping Center, on Sunday, June 8,
for two one - hour concerts be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
Tickets will be sold at Merry
vale, at Brown's Music Store and
Carlson Book Store in the Stan
ford Shopping Center, and at
Hage's Music Store and Ihe Uni
versity Office and Art Supply in
Palo Alto.
Dave Brubeck brings his famed
quartet to Merryvale, on Alpine
Road opposite the Ladera Shop
ping Center, on Sunday, June 8,
for two one - hour concerts be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
Tickets will be sold at Merry
vale, at Brown's Music Store and
Carlson Book Store in the Stan
ford Shopping Center, and at
Hage's Music Store and Ihe Uni
versity Office and Art Supply in
Palo Alto.
Dave Brubeck brings his famed
quartet to Merryvale, on Alpine
Road opposite the Ladera Shop
ping Center, on Sunday, June 8,
for two one - hour concerts be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
Tickets will be sold at Merry
vale, at Brown's Music Store and
Carlson Book Store in the Stan
ford Shopping Center, and at
Hage's Music Store and Ihe Uni
versity Office and Art Supply in
Palo Alto.
Dave Brubeck brings his famed
quartet to Merryvale, on Alpine
Road opposite the Ladera Shop
ping Center, on Sunday, June 8,
for two one - hour concerts be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
Tickets will be sold at Merry
vale, at Brown's Music Store and
Carlson Book Store in the Stan
ford Shopping Center, and at
Hage's Music Store and Ihe Uni
versity Office and Art Supply in
Palo Alto.
Dave Brubeck brings his famed
quartet to Merryvale, on Alpine
Road opposite the Ladera Shop
ping Center, on Sunday, June 8,
for two one - hour concerts be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
Tickets will be sold at Merry
vale, at Brown's Music Store and
Carlson Book Store in the Stan
ford Shopping Center, and at
Hage's Music Store and Ihe Uni
versity Office and Art Supply in
Palo Alto.
Dave Brubeck brings his famed
quartet to Merryvale, on Alpine
Road opposite the Ladera Shop
ping Center, on Sunday, June 8,
for two one - hour concerts be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
Tickets will be sold at Merry
vale, at Brown's Music Store and
Carlson Book Store in the Stan
ford Shopping Center, and at
Hage's Music Store and Ihe Uni
versity Office and Art Supply in
Palo Alto.
Dave Brubeck brings his famed
quartet to Merryvale, on Alpine
Road opposite the Ladera Shop
ping Center, on Sunday, June 8,
for two one - hour concerts be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
Tickets will be sold at Merry
vale, at Brown's Music Store and
Carlson Book Store in the Stan
ford Shopping Center, and at
Hage's Music Store and Ihe Uni
versity Office and Art Supply in
Palo Alto.
Dave Brubeck brings his famed
quartet to Merryvale, on Alpine
Road opposite the Ladera Shop
ping Center, on Sunday, June 8,
for two one - hour concerts be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
Tickets will be sold at Merry
vale, at Brown's Music Store and
Carlson Book Store in the Stan
ford Shopping Center, and at
Hage's Music Store and Ihe Uni
versity Office and Art Supply in
Palo Alto.
Dave Brubeck brings his famed
quartet to Merryvale, on Alpine
Road opposite the Ladera Shop
ping Center, on Sunday, June 8,
for two one - hour concerts be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
Tickets will be sold at Merry
vale, at Brown's Music Store and
Carlson Book Store in the Stan
ford Shopping Center, and at
Hage's Music Store and Ihe Uni
versity Office and Art Supply in
Palo Alto.
Dave Brubeck brings his famed
quartet to Merryvale, on Alpine
Road opposite the Ladera Shop
ping Center, on Sunday, June 8,
for two one - hour concerts be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
Tickets will be sold at Merry
vale, at Brown's Music Store and
Carlson Book Store in the Stan
ford Shopping Center, and at
Hage's Music Store and Ihe Uni
versity Office and Art Supply in
Palo Alto.
Dave Brubeck brings his famed
quartet to Merryvale, on Alpine
Road opposite the Ladera Shop
ping Center, on Sunday, June 8,
for two one - hour concerts be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
Tickets will be sold at Merry
vale, at Brown's Music Store and
Carlson Book Store in the Stan
ford Shopping Center, and at
Hage's Music Store and Ihe Uni
versity Office and Art Supply in
Palo Alto.
Dave Brubeck brings his famed
quartet to Merryvale, on Alpine
Road opposite the Ladera Shop
ping Center, on Sunday, June 8,
for two one - hour concerts be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
Tickets will be sold at Merry
vale, at Brown's Music Store and
Carlson Book Store in the Stan
ford Shopping Center, and at
Hage's Music Store and Ihe Uni
versity Office and Art Supply in
Palo Alto.
