# 'Germany Today' HR Talk Topic
## 
### 
"Germany Today" will be the
topic discussed by Robert Gott
wald, ASSU scholar from Ger
many, this afternoon at Bowman
Alumni House.
The program, a part of an llR
sponsored series, will begin at
4:15 p.m.
"Germany Today" will be the
topic discussed by Robert Gott
wald, ASSU scholar from Ger
many, this afternoon at Bowman
Alumni House.
The program, a part of an llR
sponsored series, will begin at
4:15 p.m.
"Germany Today" will be the
topic discussed by Robert Gott
wald, ASSU scholar from Ger
many, this afternoon at Bowman
Alumni House.
The program, a part of an llR
sponsored series, will begin at
4:15 p.m.
"Germany Today" will be the
topic discussed by Robert Gott
wald, ASSU scholar from Ger
many, this afternoon at Bowman
Alumni House.
The program, a part of an llR
sponsored series, will begin at
4:15 p.m.
"Germany Today" will be the
topic discussed by Robert Gott
wald, ASSU scholar from Ger
many, this afternoon at Bowman
Alumni House.
The program, a part of an llR
sponsored series, will begin at
4:15 p.m.
"Germany Today" will be the
topic discussed by Robert Gott
wald, ASSU scholar from Ger
many, this afternoon at Bowman
Alumni House.
The program, a part of an llR
sponsored series, will begin at
4:15 p.m.
"Germany Today" will be the
topic discussed by Robert Gott
wald, ASSU scholar from Ger
many, this afternoon at Bowman
Alumni House.
The program, a part of an llR
sponsored series, will begin at
4:15 p.m.
"Germany Today" will be the
topic discussed by Robert Gott
wald, ASSU scholar from Ger
many, this afternoon at Bowman
Alumni House.
The program, a part of an llR
sponsored series, will begin at
4:15 p.m.
"Germany Today" will be the
topic discussed by Robert Gott
wald, ASSU scholar from Ger
many, this afternoon at Bowman
Alumni House.
The program, a part of an llR
sponsored series, will begin at
4:15 p.m.
"Germany Today" will be the
topic discussed by Robert Gott
wald, ASSU scholar from Ger
many, this afternoon at Bowman
Alumni House.
The program, a part of an llR
sponsored series, will begin at
4:15 p.m.
"Germany Today" will be the
topic discussed by Robert Gott
wald, ASSU scholar from Ger
many, this afternoon at Bowman
Alumni House.
The program, a part of an llR
sponsored series, will begin at
4:15 p.m.
"Germany Today" will be the
topic discussed by Robert Gott
wald, ASSU scholar from Ger
many, this afternoon at Bowman
Alumni House.
The program, a part of an llR
sponsored series, will begin at
4:15 p.m.
"Germany Today" will be the
topic discussed by Robert Gott
wald, ASSU scholar from Ger
many, this afternoon at Bowman
Alumni House.
The program, a part of an llR
sponsored series, will begin at
4:15 p.m.
"Germany Today" will be the
topic discussed by Robert Gott
wald, ASSU scholar from Ger
many, this afternoon at Bowman
Alumni House.
The program, a part of an llR
sponsored series, will begin at
4:15 p.m.
"Germany Today" will be the
topic discussed by Robert Gott
wald, ASSU scholar from Ger
many, this afternoon at Bowman
Alumni House.
The program, a part of an llR
sponsored series, will begin at
4:15 p.m.
"Germany Today" will be the
topic discussed by Robert Gott
wald, ASSU scholar from Ger
many, this afternoon at Bowman
Alumni House.
The program, a part of an llR
sponsored series, will begin at
4:15 p.m.
"Germany Today" will be the
topic discussed by Robert Gott
wald, ASSU scholar from Ger
many, this afternoon at Bowman
Alumni House.
The program, a part of an llR
sponsored series, will begin at
4:15 p.m.
