# Damaged Books Claims Cleared
## 
### 
Claims for books damaged at
the A Phi O Book Exchange when
a water main broke in the base
ment of Encina Hall where they
were stored are now in the proc
ess of being cleared, announces
Book Exchange Chairman Ted
Throndson. Owners will be noti
fied when reimbursement will be
made.
The organization regrets the in
convenience that the delay has
caused, Throndson emphasized.
Claims for books damaged at
the A Phi O Book Exchange when
a water main broke in the base
ment of Encina Hall where they
were stored are now in the proc
ess of being cleared, announces
Book Exchange Chairman Ted
Throndson. Owners will be noti
fied when reimbursement will be
made.
The organization regrets the in
convenience that the delay has
caused, Throndson emphasized.
Claims for books damaged at
the A Phi O Book Exchange when
a water main broke in the base
ment of Encina Hall where they
were stored are now in the proc
ess of being cleared, announces
Book Exchange Chairman Ted
Throndson. Owners will be noti
fied when reimbursement will be
made.
The organization regrets the in
convenience that the delay has
caused, Throndson emphasized.
Claims for books damaged at
the A Phi O Book Exchange when
a water main broke in the base
ment of Encina Hall where they
were stored are now in the proc
ess of being cleared, announces
Book Exchange Chairman Ted
Throndson. Owners will be noti
fied when reimbursement will be
made.
The organization regrets the in
convenience that the delay has
caused, Throndson emphasized.
Claims for books damaged at
the A Phi O Book Exchange when
a water main broke in the base
ment of Encina Hall where they
were stored are now in the proc
ess of being cleared, announces
Book Exchange Chairman Ted
Throndson. Owners will be noti
fied when reimbursement will be
made.
The organization regrets the in
convenience that the delay has
caused, Throndson emphasized.
Claims for books damaged at
the A Phi O Book Exchange when
a water main broke in the base
ment of Encina Hall where they
were stored are now in the proc
ess of being cleared, announces
Book Exchange Chairman Ted
Throndson. Owners will be noti
fied when reimbursement will be
made.
The organization regrets the in
convenience that the delay has
caused, Throndson emphasized.
Claims for books damaged at
the A Phi O Book Exchange when
a water main broke in the base
ment of Encina Hall where they
were stored are now in the proc
ess of being cleared, announces
Book Exchange Chairman Ted
Throndson. Owners will be noti
fied when reimbursement will be
made.
The organization regrets the in
convenience that the delay has
caused, Throndson emphasized.
Claims for books damaged at
the A Phi O Book Exchange when
a water main broke in the base
ment of Encina Hall where they
were stored are now in the proc
ess of being cleared, announces
Book Exchange Chairman Ted
Throndson. Owners will be noti
fied when reimbursement will be
made.
The organization regrets the in
convenience that the delay has
caused, Throndson emphasized.
Claims for books damaged at
the A Phi O Book Exchange when
a water main broke in the base
ment of Encina Hall where they
were stored are now in the proc
ess of being cleared, announces
Book Exchange Chairman Ted
Throndson. Owners will be noti
fied when reimbursement will be
made.
The organization regrets the in
convenience that the delay has
caused, Throndson emphasized.
Claims for books damaged at
the A Phi O Book Exchange when
a water main broke in the base
ment of Encina Hall where they
were stored are now in the proc
ess of being cleared, announces
Book Exchange Chairman Ted
Throndson. Owners will be noti
fied when reimbursement will be
made.
The organization regrets the in
convenience that the delay has
caused, Throndson emphasized.
Claims for books damaged at
the A Phi O Book Exchange when
a water main broke in the base
ment of Encina Hall where they
were stored are now in the proc
ess of being cleared, announces
Book Exchange Chairman Ted
Throndson. Owners will be noti
fied when reimbursement will be
made.
The organization regrets the in
convenience that the delay has
caused, Throndson emphasized.
Claims for books damaged at
the A Phi O Book Exchange when
a water main broke in the base
ment of Encina Hall where they
were stored are now in the proc
ess of being cleared, announces
Book Exchange Chairman Ted
Throndson. Owners will be noti
fied when reimbursement will be
made.
The organization regrets the in
convenience that the delay has
caused, Throndson emphasized.
Claims for books damaged at
the A Phi O Book Exchange when
a water main broke in the base
ment of Encina Hall where they
were stored are now in the proc
ess of being cleared, announces
Book Exchange Chairman Ted
Throndson. Owners will be noti
fied when reimbursement will be
made.
The organization regrets the in
convenience that the delay has
caused, Throndson emphasized.
Claims for books damaged at
the A Phi O Book Exchange when
a water main broke in the base
ment of Encina Hall where they
were stored are now in the proc
ess of being cleared, announces
Book Exchange Chairman Ted
Throndson. Owners will be noti
fied when reimbursement will be
made.
The organization regrets the in
convenience that the delay has
caused, Throndson emphasized.
Claims for books damaged at
the A Phi O Book Exchange when
a water main broke in the base
ment of Encina Hall where they
were stored are now in the proc
ess of being cleared, announces
Book Exchange Chairman Ted
Throndson. Owners will be noti
fied when reimbursement will be
made.
The organization regrets the in
convenience that the delay has
caused, Throndson emphasized.
Claims for books damaged at
the A Phi O Book Exchange when
a water main broke in the base
ment of Encina Hall where they
were stored are now in the proc
ess of being cleared, announces
Book Exchange Chairman Ted
Throndson. Owners will be noti
fied when reimbursement will be
made.
The organization regrets the in
convenience that the delay has
caused, Throndson emphasized.
Claims for books damaged at
the A Phi O Book Exchange when
a water main broke in the base
ment of Encina Hall where they
were stored are now in the proc
ess of being cleared, announces
Book Exchange Chairman Ted
Throndson. Owners will be noti
fied when reimbursement will be
made.
The organization regrets the in
convenience that the delay has
caused, Throndson emphasized.
