# Students Late As Usual
## 
### 
Certain members of the class of 1926
are recovering after the strenuous ac
tivities of Senior week, according to
word received from the office of the
Alumni Secretary. A number of the
recent graduating class have called dur
ing the week to sign the Senior Roll
which has been buried beneath the
bronze "26" plate for some ten days.
Certain members of the class of 1926
are recovering after the strenuous ac
tivities of Senior week, according to
word received from the office of the
Alumni Secretary. A number of the
recent graduating class have called dur
ing the week to sign the Senior Roll
which has been buried beneath the
bronze "26" plate for some ten days.
Certain members of the class of 1926
are recovering after the strenuous ac
tivities of Senior week, according to
word received from the office of the
Alumni Secretary. A number of the
recent graduating class have called dur
ing the week to sign the Senior Roll
which has been buried beneath the
bronze "26" plate for some ten days.
Certain members of the class of 1926
are recovering after the strenuous ac
tivities of Senior week, according to
word received from the office of the
Alumni Secretary. A number of the
recent graduating class have called dur
ing the week to sign the Senior Roll
which has been buried beneath the
bronze "26" plate for some ten days.
Certain members of the class of 1926
are recovering after the strenuous ac
tivities of Senior week, according to
word received from the office of the
Alumni Secretary. A number of the
recent graduating class have called dur
ing the week to sign the Senior Roll
which has been buried beneath the
bronze "26" plate for some ten days.
Certain members of the class of 1926
are recovering after the strenuous ac
tivities of Senior week, according to
word received from the office of the
Alumni Secretary. A number of the
recent graduating class have called dur
ing the week to sign the Senior Roll
which has been buried beneath the
bronze "26" plate for some ten days.
Certain members of the class of 1926
are recovering after the strenuous ac
tivities of Senior week, according to
word received from the office of the
Alumni Secretary. A number of the
recent graduating class have called dur
ing the week to sign the Senior Roll
which has been buried beneath the
bronze "26" plate for some ten days.
Certain members of the class of 1926
are recovering after the strenuous ac
tivities of Senior week, according to
word received from the office of the
Alumni Secretary. A number of the
recent graduating class have called dur
ing the week to sign the Senior Roll
which has been buried beneath the
bronze "26" plate for some ten days.
Certain members of the class of 1926
are recovering after the strenuous ac
tivities of Senior week, according to
word received from the office of the
Alumni Secretary. A number of the
recent graduating class have called dur
ing the week to sign the Senior Roll
which has been buried beneath the
bronze "26" plate for some ten days.
Certain members of the class of 1926
are recovering after the strenuous ac
tivities of Senior week, according to
word received from the office of the
Alumni Secretary. A number of the
recent graduating class have called dur
ing the week to sign the Senior Roll
which has been buried beneath the
bronze "26" plate for some ten days.
Certain members of the class of 1926
are recovering after the strenuous ac
tivities of Senior week, according to
word received from the office of the
Alumni Secretary. A number of the
recent graduating class have called dur
ing the week to sign the Senior Roll
which has been buried beneath the
bronze "26" plate for some ten days.
Certain members of the class of 1926
are recovering after the strenuous ac
tivities of Senior week, according to
word received from the office of the
Alumni Secretary. A number of the
recent graduating class have called dur
ing the week to sign the Senior Roll
which has been buried beneath the
bronze "26" plate for some ten days.
Certain members of the class of 1926
are recovering after the strenuous ac
tivities of Senior week, according to
word received from the office of the
Alumni Secretary. A number of the
recent graduating class have called dur
ing the week to sign the Senior Roll
which has been buried beneath the
bronze "26" plate for some ten days.
Certain members of the class of 1926
are recovering after the strenuous ac
tivities of Senior week, according to
word received from the office of the
Alumni Secretary. A number of the
recent graduating class have called dur
ing the week to sign the Senior Roll
which has been buried beneath the
bronze "26" plate for some ten days.
