# Psychology Professor Talks To Advertising Association
## 
### 
At a meeting of the Pacific Coast
Advertising Clubs Association, in San
Francisco, July C, Dr. E. K. Strong,
professor of psychology in the Stan
ford Graduate School of Business, will
speak on "Copy Psychology in Retail
Advertisements."
This will be one of the addresses on
several phases of retail advertising to
be delivered on the same day by promi
nent authorities from all sections of
the United States.
At a meeting of the Pacific Coast
Advertising Clubs Association, in San
Francisco, July C, Dr. E. K. Strong,
professor of psychology in the Stan
ford Graduate School of Business, will
speak on "Copy Psychology in Retail
Advertisements."
This will be one of the addresses on
several phases of retail advertising to
be delivered on the same day by promi
nent authorities from all sections of
the United States.
At a meeting of the Pacific Coast
Advertising Clubs Association, in San
Francisco, July C, Dr. E. K. Strong,
professor of psychology in the Stan
ford Graduate School of Business, will
speak on "Copy Psychology in Retail
Advertisements."
This will be one of the addresses on
several phases of retail advertising to
be delivered on the same day by promi
nent authorities from all sections of
the United States.
At a meeting of the Pacific Coast
Advertising Clubs Association, in San
Francisco, July C, Dr. E. K. Strong,
professor of psychology in the Stan
ford Graduate School of Business, will
speak on "Copy Psychology in Retail
Advertisements."
This will be one of the addresses on
several phases of retail advertising to
be delivered on the same day by promi
nent authorities from all sections of
the United States.
At a meeting of the Pacific Coast
Advertising Clubs Association, in San
Francisco, July C, Dr. E. K. Strong,
professor of psychology in the Stan
ford Graduate School of Business, will
speak on "Copy Psychology in Retail
Advertisements."
This will be one of the addresses on
several phases of retail advertising to
be delivered on the same day by promi
nent authorities from all sections of
the United States.
At a meeting of the Pacific Coast
Advertising Clubs Association, in San
Francisco, July C, Dr. E. K. Strong,
professor of psychology in the Stan
ford Graduate School of Business, will
speak on "Copy Psychology in Retail
Advertisements."
This will be one of the addresses on
several phases of retail advertising to
be delivered on the same day by promi
nent authorities from all sections of
the United States.
At a meeting of the Pacific Coast
Advertising Clubs Association, in San
Francisco, July C, Dr. E. K. Strong,
professor of psychology in the Stan
ford Graduate School of Business, will
speak on "Copy Psychology in Retail
Advertisements."
This will be one of the addresses on
several phases of retail advertising to
be delivered on the same day by promi
nent authorities from all sections of
the United States.
At a meeting of the Pacific Coast
Advertising Clubs Association, in San
Francisco, July C, Dr. E. K. Strong,
professor of psychology in the Stan
ford Graduate School of Business, will
speak on "Copy Psychology in Retail
Advertisements."
This will be one of the addresses on
several phases of retail advertising to
be delivered on the same day by promi
nent authorities from all sections of
the United States.
At a meeting of the Pacific Coast
Advertising Clubs Association, in San
Francisco, July C, Dr. E. K. Strong,
professor of psychology in the Stan
ford Graduate School of Business, will
speak on "Copy Psychology in Retail
Advertisements."
This will be one of the addresses on
several phases of retail advertising to
be delivered on the same day by promi
nent authorities from all sections of
the United States.
At a meeting of the Pacific Coast
Advertising Clubs Association, in San
Francisco, July C, Dr. E. K. Strong,
professor of psychology in the Stan
ford Graduate School of Business, will
speak on "Copy Psychology in Retail
Advertisements."
This will be one of the addresses on
several phases of retail advertising to
be delivered on the same day by promi
nent authorities from all sections of
the United States.
At a meeting of the Pacific Coast
Advertising Clubs Association, in San
Francisco, July C, Dr. E. K. Strong,
professor of psychology in the Stan
ford Graduate School of Business, will
speak on "Copy Psychology in Retail
Advertisements."
This will be one of the addresses on
several phases of retail advertising to
be delivered on the same day by promi
nent authorities from all sections of
the United States.
At a meeting of the Pacific Coast
Advertising Clubs Association, in San
Francisco, July C, Dr. E. K. Strong,
professor of psychology in the Stan
ford Graduate School of Business, will
speak on "Copy Psychology in Retail
Advertisements."
This will be one of the addresses on
several phases of retail advertising to
be delivered on the same day by promi
nent authorities from all sections of
the United States.
At a meeting of the Pacific Coast
Advertising Clubs Association, in San
Francisco, July C, Dr. E. K. Strong,
professor of psychology in the Stan
ford Graduate School of Business, will
speak on "Copy Psychology in Retail
Advertisements."
This will be one of the addresses on
several phases of retail advertising to
be delivered on the same day by promi
nent authorities from all sections of
the United States.
At a meeting of the Pacific Coast
Advertising Clubs Association, in San
Francisco, July C, Dr. E. K. Strong,
professor of psychology in the Stan
ford Graduate School of Business, will
speak on "Copy Psychology in Retail
Advertisements."
This will be one of the addresses on
several phases of retail advertising to
be delivered on the same day by promi
nent authorities from all sections of
the United States.
