# ARTISTS TO INVADE ARCTIC
## 
### 
Thirty-eight artists from nine states
will paint pictures of icebergs, Eski
mos, and arctic animals this summer.
The expedition will travel 3G5 miles
past the arctic circle and make tfyeir
headquarters in one of the colonies of
the Laplanders.
Thirty-eight artists from nine states
will paint pictures of icebergs, Eski
mos, and arctic animals this summer.
The expedition will travel 3G5 miles
past the arctic circle and make tfyeir
headquarters in one of the colonies of
the Laplanders.
Thirty-eight artists from nine states
will paint pictures of icebergs, Eski
mos, and arctic animals this summer.
The expedition will travel 3G5 miles
past the arctic circle and make tfyeir
headquarters in one of the colonies of
the Laplanders.
Thirty-eight artists from nine states
will paint pictures of icebergs, Eski
mos, and arctic animals this summer.
The expedition will travel 3G5 miles
past the arctic circle and make tfyeir
headquarters in one of the colonies of
the Laplanders.
Thirty-eight artists from nine states
will paint pictures of icebergs, Eski
mos, and arctic animals this summer.
The expedition will travel 3G5 miles
past the arctic circle and make tfyeir
headquarters in one of the colonies of
the Laplanders.
Thirty-eight artists from nine states
will paint pictures of icebergs, Eski
mos, and arctic animals this summer.
The expedition will travel 3G5 miles
past the arctic circle and make tfyeir
headquarters in one of the colonies of
the Laplanders.
Thirty-eight artists from nine states
will paint pictures of icebergs, Eski
mos, and arctic animals this summer.
The expedition will travel 3G5 miles
past the arctic circle and make tfyeir
headquarters in one of the colonies of
the Laplanders.
Thirty-eight artists from nine states
will paint pictures of icebergs, Eski
mos, and arctic animals this summer.
The expedition will travel 3G5 miles
past the arctic circle and make tfyeir
headquarters in one of the colonies of
the Laplanders.
Thirty-eight artists from nine states
will paint pictures of icebergs, Eski
mos, and arctic animals this summer.
The expedition will travel 3G5 miles
past the arctic circle and make tfyeir
headquarters in one of the colonies of
the Laplanders.
Thirty-eight artists from nine states
will paint pictures of icebergs, Eski
mos, and arctic animals this summer.
The expedition will travel 3G5 miles
past the arctic circle and make tfyeir
headquarters in one of the colonies of
the Laplanders.
Thirty-eight artists from nine states
will paint pictures of icebergs, Eski
mos, and arctic animals this summer.
The expedition will travel 3G5 miles
past the arctic circle and make tfyeir
headquarters in one of the colonies of
the Laplanders.
Thirty-eight artists from nine states
will paint pictures of icebergs, Eski
mos, and arctic animals this summer.
The expedition will travel 3G5 miles
past the arctic circle and make tfyeir
headquarters in one of the colonies of
the Laplanders.
Thirty-eight artists from nine states
will paint pictures of icebergs, Eski
mos, and arctic animals this summer.
The expedition will travel 3G5 miles
past the arctic circle and make tfyeir
headquarters in one of the colonies of
the Laplanders.
Thirty-eight artists from nine states
will paint pictures of icebergs, Eski
mos, and arctic animals this summer.
The expedition will travel 3G5 miles
past the arctic circle and make tfyeir
headquarters in one of the colonies of
the Laplanders.
