# EARTH'S AXIS SHIFTS
## 
### 
The shift in the earth's axis is due
to tides in Hie Pacific ocean, accord
ing to Captain T. J. J. See, United
States Navy mathematician and gov
ernment astronomer.
The shift in the earth's axis is due
to tides in Hie Pacific ocean, accord
ing to Captain T. J. J. See, United
States Navy mathematician and gov
ernment astronomer.
The shift in the earth's axis is due
to tides in Hie Pacific ocean, accord
ing to Captain T. J. J. See, United
States Navy mathematician and gov
ernment astronomer.
The shift in the earth's axis is due
to tides in Hie Pacific ocean, accord
ing to Captain T. J. J. See, United
States Navy mathematician and gov
ernment astronomer.
The shift in the earth's axis is due
to tides in Hie Pacific ocean, accord
ing to Captain T. J. J. See, United
States Navy mathematician and gov
ernment astronomer.
The shift in the earth's axis is due
to tides in Hie Pacific ocean, accord
ing to Captain T. J. J. See, United
States Navy mathematician and gov
ernment astronomer.
The shift in the earth's axis is due
to tides in Hie Pacific ocean, accord
ing to Captain T. J. J. See, United
States Navy mathematician and gov
ernment astronomer.
The shift in the earth's axis is due
to tides in Hie Pacific ocean, accord
ing to Captain T. J. J. See, United
States Navy mathematician and gov
ernment astronomer.
The shift in the earth's axis is due
to tides in Hie Pacific ocean, accord
ing to Captain T. J. J. See, United
States Navy mathematician and gov
ernment astronomer.
The shift in the earth's axis is due
to tides in Hie Pacific ocean, accord
ing to Captain T. J. J. See, United
States Navy mathematician and gov
ernment astronomer.
The shift in the earth's axis is due
to tides in Hie Pacific ocean, accord
ing to Captain T. J. J. See, United
States Navy mathematician and gov
ernment astronomer.
The shift in the earth's axis is due
to tides in Hie Pacific ocean, accord
ing to Captain T. J. J. See, United
States Navy mathematician and gov
ernment astronomer.
The shift in the earth's axis is due
to tides in Hie Pacific ocean, accord
ing to Captain T. J. J. See, United
States Navy mathematician and gov
ernment astronomer.
The shift in the earth's axis is due
to tides in Hie Pacific ocean, accord
ing to Captain T. J. J. See, United
States Navy mathematician and gov
ernment astronomer.
