# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Stanford has perfect confidence in
the men who will represent her to
morrow on the diamond and on the
water. The baseball men have fought
hard throughout the season and a vic
tory in the final test tomorrow is 110
more than they deserve. As for the
crews, the confidence which has been
inspired by the work of Murphy and
Zimmerman seems to justify the
prophecy that whoever may win the
eight- and four-oared races tomorrow
will be fought to the finish by the
Cardinal crews. All three eights are
practically unknown quantities, but
the personnel and training of the
Stanford crews is sufficient guarantee
that they will do all that is expected
of them tomorrow afternoon.
Stanford has perfect confidence in
the men who will represent her to
morrow on the diamond and on the
water. The baseball men have fought
hard throughout the season and a vic
tory in the final test tomorrow is 110
more than they deserve. As for the
crews, the confidence which has been
inspired by the work of Murphy and
Zimmerman seems to justify the
prophecy that whoever may win the
eight- and four-oared races tomorrow
will be fought to the finish by the
Cardinal crews. All three eights are
practically unknown quantities, but
the personnel and training of the
Stanford crews is sufficient guarantee
that they will do all that is expected
of them tomorrow afternoon.
Stanford has perfect confidence in
the men who will represent her to
morrow on the diamond and on the
water. The baseball men have fought
hard throughout the season and a vic
tory in the final test tomorrow is 110
more than they deserve. As for the
crews, the confidence which has been
inspired by the work of Murphy and
Zimmerman seems to justify the
prophecy that whoever may win the
eight- and four-oared races tomorrow
will be fought to the finish by the
Cardinal crews. All three eights are
practically unknown quantities, but
the personnel and training of the
Stanford crews is sufficient guarantee
that they will do all that is expected
of them tomorrow afternoon.
Stanford has perfect confidence in
the men who will represent her to
morrow on the diamond and on the
water. The baseball men have fought
hard throughout the season and a vic
tory in the final test tomorrow is 110
more than they deserve. As for the
crews, the confidence which has been
inspired by the work of Murphy and
Zimmerman seems to justify the
prophecy that whoever may win the
eight- and four-oared races tomorrow
will be fought to the finish by the
Cardinal crews. All three eights are
practically unknown quantities, but
the personnel and training of the
Stanford crews is sufficient guarantee
that they will do all that is expected
of them tomorrow afternoon.
Stanford has perfect confidence in
the men who will represent her to
morrow on the diamond and on the
water. The baseball men have fought
hard throughout the season and a vic
tory in the final test tomorrow is 110
more than they deserve. As for the
crews, the confidence which has been
inspired by the work of Murphy and
Zimmerman seems to justify the
prophecy that whoever may win the
eight- and four-oared races tomorrow
will be fought to the finish by the
Cardinal crews. All three eights are
practically unknown quantities, but
the personnel and training of the
Stanford crews is sufficient guarantee
that they will do all that is expected
of them tomorrow afternoon.
Stanford has perfect confidence in
the men who will represent her to
morrow on the diamond and on the
water. The baseball men have fought
hard throughout the season and a vic
tory in the final test tomorrow is 110
more than they deserve. As for the
crews, the confidence which has been
inspired by the work of Murphy and
Zimmerman seems to justify the
prophecy that whoever may win the
eight- and four-oared races tomorrow
will be fought to the finish by the
Cardinal crews. All three eights are
practically unknown quantities, but
the personnel and training of the
Stanford crews is sufficient guarantee
that they will do all that is expected
of them tomorrow afternoon.
Stanford has perfect confidence in
the men who will represent her to
morrow on the diamond and on the
water. The baseball men have fought
hard throughout the season and a vic
tory in the final test tomorrow is 110
more than they deserve. As for the
crews, the confidence which has been
inspired by the work of Murphy and
Zimmerman seems to justify the
prophecy that whoever may win the
eight- and four-oared races tomorrow
will be fought to the finish by the
Cardinal crews. All three eights are
practically unknown quantities, but
the personnel and training of the
Stanford crews is sufficient guarantee
that they will do all that is expected
of them tomorrow afternoon.
Stanford has perfect confidence in
the men who will represent her to
morrow on the diamond and on the
water. The baseball men have fought
hard throughout the season and a vic
tory in the final test tomorrow is 110
more than they deserve. As for the
crews, the confidence which has been
inspired by the work of Murphy and
Zimmerman seems to justify the
prophecy that whoever may win the
eight- and four-oared races tomorrow
will be fought to the finish by the
Cardinal crews. All three eights are
practically unknown quantities, but
the personnel and training of the
Stanford crews is sufficient guarantee
that they will do all that is expected
of them tomorrow afternoon.
Stanford has perfect confidence in
the men who will represent her to
morrow on the diamond and on the
water. The baseball men have fought
hard throughout the season and a vic
tory in the final test tomorrow is 110
more than they deserve. As for the
crews, the confidence which has been
inspired by the work of Murphy and
Zimmerman seems to justify the
prophecy that whoever may win the
eight- and four-oared races tomorrow
will be fought to the finish by the
Cardinal crews. All three eights are
practically unknown quantities, but
the personnel and training of the
Stanford crews is sufficient guarantee
that they will do all that is expected
of them tomorrow afternoon.
