# Untitled Article
## 
### 
There is no duty so much
under-rated as the duty of be
ing happy,—Robert Louis Stev
enson.
There is no duty so much
under-rated as the duty of be
ing happy,—Robert Louis Stev
enson.
There is no duty so much
under-rated as the duty of be
ing happy,—Robert Louis Stev
enson.
There is no duty so much
under-rated as the duty of be
ing happy,—Robert Louis Stev
enson.
There is no duty so much
under-rated as the duty of be
ing happy,—Robert Louis Stev
enson.
There is no duty so much
under-rated as the duty of be
ing happy,—Robert Louis Stev
enson.
There is no duty so much
under-rated as the duty of be
ing happy,—Robert Louis Stev
enson.
There is no duty so much
under-rated as the duty of be
ing happy,—Robert Louis Stev
enson.
There is no duty so much
under-rated as the duty of be
ing happy,—Robert Louis Stev
enson.
There is no duty so much
under-rated as the duty of be
ing happy,—Robert Louis Stev
enson.
There is no duty so much
under-rated as the duty of be
ing happy,—Robert Louis Stev
enson.
There is no duty so much
under-rated as the duty of be
ing happy,—Robert Louis Stev
enson.
There is no duty so much
under-rated as the duty of be
ing happy,—Robert Louis Stev
enson.
