# Antique Chinese Prints on View
## 
### 
An unusual series of 17lh cen
tury Chinese block prints, repre
senting one of the first attempts
at printing in color, went on dis
play at the Stanford University
Art Gallery Tuesday.
The prints, begun in 1619 and
finished in 1G33, were originally
the illustration for a manual on
painting called the "Ten Bamboo
Studio."
The display will be on view
through Feb. 2.
An unusual series of 17lh cen
tury Chinese block prints, repre
senting one of the first attempts
at printing in color, went on dis
play at the Stanford University
Art Gallery Tuesday.
The prints, begun in 1619 and
finished in 1G33, were originally
the illustration for a manual on
painting called the "Ten Bamboo
Studio."
The display will be on view
through Feb. 2.
An unusual series of 17lh cen
tury Chinese block prints, repre
senting one of the first attempts
at printing in color, went on dis
play at the Stanford University
Art Gallery Tuesday.
The prints, begun in 1619 and
finished in 1G33, were originally
the illustration for a manual on
painting called the "Ten Bamboo
Studio."
The display will be on view
through Feb. 2.
An unusual series of 17lh cen
tury Chinese block prints, repre
senting one of the first attempts
at printing in color, went on dis
play at the Stanford University
Art Gallery Tuesday.
The prints, begun in 1619 and
finished in 1G33, were originally
the illustration for a manual on
painting called the "Ten Bamboo
Studio."
The display will be on view
through Feb. 2.
An unusual series of 17lh cen
tury Chinese block prints, repre
senting one of the first attempts
at printing in color, went on dis
play at the Stanford University
Art Gallery Tuesday.
The prints, begun in 1619 and
finished in 1G33, were originally
the illustration for a manual on
painting called the "Ten Bamboo
Studio."
The display will be on view
through Feb. 2.
An unusual series of 17lh cen
tury Chinese block prints, repre
senting one of the first attempts
at printing in color, went on dis
play at the Stanford University
Art Gallery Tuesday.
The prints, begun in 1619 and
finished in 1G33, were originally
the illustration for a manual on
painting called the "Ten Bamboo
Studio."
The display will be on view
through Feb. 2.
An unusual series of 17lh cen
tury Chinese block prints, repre
senting one of the first attempts
at printing in color, went on dis
play at the Stanford University
Art Gallery Tuesday.
The prints, begun in 1619 and
finished in 1G33, were originally
the illustration for a manual on
painting called the "Ten Bamboo
Studio."
The display will be on view
through Feb. 2.
An unusual series of 17lh cen
tury Chinese block prints, repre
senting one of the first attempts
at printing in color, went on dis
play at the Stanford University
Art Gallery Tuesday.
The prints, begun in 1619 and
finished in 1G33, were originally
the illustration for a manual on
painting called the "Ten Bamboo
Studio."
The display will be on view
through Feb. 2.
An unusual series of 17lh cen
tury Chinese block prints, repre
senting one of the first attempts
at printing in color, went on dis
play at the Stanford University
Art Gallery Tuesday.
The prints, begun in 1619 and
finished in 1G33, were originally
the illustration for a manual on
painting called the "Ten Bamboo
Studio."
The display will be on view
through Feb. 2.
An unusual series of 17lh cen
tury Chinese block prints, repre
senting one of the first attempts
at printing in color, went on dis
play at the Stanford University
Art Gallery Tuesday.
The prints, begun in 1619 and
finished in 1G33, were originally
the illustration for a manual on
painting called the "Ten Bamboo
Studio."
The display will be on view
through Feb. 2.
An unusual series of 17lh cen
tury Chinese block prints, repre
senting one of the first attempts
at printing in color, went on dis
play at the Stanford University
Art Gallery Tuesday.
The prints, begun in 1619 and
finished in 1G33, were originally
the illustration for a manual on
painting called the "Ten Bamboo
Studio."
The display will be on view
through Feb. 2.
An unusual series of 17lh cen
tury Chinese block prints, repre
senting one of the first attempts
at printing in color, went on dis
play at the Stanford University
Art Gallery Tuesday.
The prints, begun in 1619 and
finished in 1G33, were originally
the illustration for a manual on
painting called the "Ten Bamboo
Studio."
The display will be on view
through Feb. 2.
An unusual series of 17lh cen
tury Chinese block prints, repre
senting one of the first attempts
at printing in color, went on dis
play at the Stanford University
Art Gallery Tuesday.
The prints, begun in 1619 and
finished in 1G33, were originally
the illustration for a manual on
painting called the "Ten Bamboo
Studio."
The display will be on view
through Feb. 2.
An unusual series of 17lh cen
tury Chinese block prints, repre
senting one of the first attempts
at printing in color, went on dis
play at the Stanford University
Art Gallery Tuesday.
The prints, begun in 1619 and
finished in 1G33, were originally
the illustration for a manual on
painting called the "Ten Bamboo
Studio."
The display will be on view
through Feb. 2.
An unusual series of 17lh cen
tury Chinese block prints, repre
senting one of the first attempts
at printing in color, went on dis
play at the Stanford University
Art Gallery Tuesday.
The prints, begun in 1619 and
finished in 1G33, were originally
the illustration for a manual on
painting called the "Ten Bamboo
Studio."
The display will be on view
through Feb. 2.
An unusual series of 17lh cen
tury Chinese block prints, repre
senting one of the first attempts
at printing in color, went on dis
play at the Stanford University
Art Gallery Tuesday.
The prints, begun in 1619 and
finished in 1G33, were originally
the illustration for a manual on
painting called the "Ten Bamboo
Studio."
The display will be on view
through Feb. 2.
An unusual series of 17lh cen
tury Chinese block prints, repre
senting one of the first attempts
at printing in color, went on dis
play at the Stanford University
Art Gallery Tuesday.
The prints, begun in 1619 and
finished in 1G33, were originally
the illustration for a manual on
painting called the "Ten Bamboo
Studio."
The display will be on view
through Feb. 2.
