# Students Donate To Blood Bank
## 
### 
Fifty-five students donated one
pint of blood each when the blood
mobile of the Peninsula Memorial
Blood Bank was on campus last
Friday, an unofficial report by
the Student Health Committee
shows. Official figures will not
be known until receipts arc re
ceived from the Blood Bank.
Thirty more students, who had
Jailed to have their parental con
sent cards signed, were turned
away. If these students now have
these cards signed, and still wish
to donate blood, they may do so
by making an appointment with
the Peninsula Blood Bank in Bur
lingamc.
Blood donated is credited to the
Stanford Student Blood Bank for
the use of Stanford University
students.
Fifty-five students donated one
pint of blood each when the blood
mobile of the Peninsula Memorial
Blood Bank was on campus last
Friday, an unofficial report by
the Student Health Committee
shows. Official figures will not
be known until receipts arc re
ceived from the Blood Bank.
Thirty more students, who had
Jailed to have their parental con
sent cards signed, were turned
away. If these students now have
these cards signed, and still wish
to donate blood, they may do so
by making an appointment with
the Peninsula Blood Bank in Bur
lingamc.
Blood donated is credited to the
Stanford Student Blood Bank for
the use of Stanford University
students.
Fifty-five students donated one
pint of blood each when the blood
mobile of the Peninsula Memorial
Blood Bank was on campus last
Friday, an unofficial report by
the Student Health Committee
shows. Official figures will not
be known until receipts arc re
ceived from the Blood Bank.
Thirty more students, who had
Jailed to have their parental con
sent cards signed, were turned
away. If these students now have
these cards signed, and still wish
to donate blood, they may do so
by making an appointment with
the Peninsula Blood Bank in Bur
lingamc.
Blood donated is credited to the
Stanford Student Blood Bank for
the use of Stanford University
students.
Fifty-five students donated one
pint of blood each when the blood
mobile of the Peninsula Memorial
Blood Bank was on campus last
Friday, an unofficial report by
the Student Health Committee
shows. Official figures will not
be known until receipts arc re
ceived from the Blood Bank.
Thirty more students, who had
Jailed to have their parental con
sent cards signed, were turned
away. If these students now have
these cards signed, and still wish
to donate blood, they may do so
by making an appointment with
the Peninsula Blood Bank in Bur
lingamc.
Blood donated is credited to the
Stanford Student Blood Bank for
the use of Stanford University
students.
Fifty-five students donated one
pint of blood each when the blood
mobile of the Peninsula Memorial
Blood Bank was on campus last
Friday, an unofficial report by
the Student Health Committee
shows. Official figures will not
be known until receipts arc re
ceived from the Blood Bank.
Thirty more students, who had
Jailed to have their parental con
sent cards signed, were turned
away. If these students now have
these cards signed, and still wish
to donate blood, they may do so
by making an appointment with
the Peninsula Blood Bank in Bur
lingamc.
Blood donated is credited to the
Stanford Student Blood Bank for
the use of Stanford University
students.
Fifty-five students donated one
pint of blood each when the blood
mobile of the Peninsula Memorial
Blood Bank was on campus last
Friday, an unofficial report by
the Student Health Committee
shows. Official figures will not
be known until receipts arc re
ceived from the Blood Bank.
Thirty more students, who had
Jailed to have their parental con
sent cards signed, were turned
away. If these students now have
these cards signed, and still wish
to donate blood, they may do so
by making an appointment with
the Peninsula Blood Bank in Bur
lingamc.
Blood donated is credited to the
Stanford Student Blood Bank for
the use of Stanford University
students.
Fifty-five students donated one
pint of blood each when the blood
mobile of the Peninsula Memorial
Blood Bank was on campus last
Friday, an unofficial report by
the Student Health Committee
shows. Official figures will not
be known until receipts arc re
ceived from the Blood Bank.
Thirty more students, who had
Jailed to have their parental con
sent cards signed, were turned
away. If these students now have
these cards signed, and still wish
to donate blood, they may do so
by making an appointment with
the Peninsula Blood Bank in Bur
lingamc.
Blood donated is credited to the
Stanford Student Blood Bank for
the use of Stanford University
students.
Fifty-five students donated one
pint of blood each when the blood
mobile of the Peninsula Memorial
Blood Bank was on campus last
Friday, an unofficial report by
the Student Health Committee
shows. Official figures will not
be known until receipts arc re
ceived from the Blood Bank.
Thirty more students, who had
Jailed to have their parental con
sent cards signed, were turned
away. If these students now have
these cards signed, and still wish
to donate blood, they may do so
by making an appointment with
the Peninsula Blood Bank in Bur
lingamc.
Blood donated is credited to the
Stanford Student Blood Bank for
the use of Stanford University
students.
Fifty-five students donated one
pint of blood each when the blood
mobile of the Peninsula Memorial
Blood Bank was on campus last
Friday, an unofficial report by
the Student Health Committee
shows. Official figures will not
be known until receipts arc re
ceived from the Blood Bank.
Thirty more students, who had
Jailed to have their parental con
sent cards signed, were turned
away. If these students now have
these cards signed, and still wish
to donate blood, they may do so
by making an appointment with
the Peninsula Blood Bank in Bur
lingamc.
Blood donated is credited to the
Stanford Student Blood Bank for
the use of Stanford University
students.
Fifty-five students donated one
pint of blood each when the blood
mobile of the Peninsula Memorial
Blood Bank was on campus last
Friday, an unofficial report by
the Student Health Committee
shows. Official figures will not
be known until receipts arc re
ceived from the Blood Bank.
Thirty more students, who had
Jailed to have their parental con
sent cards signed, were turned
away. If these students now have
these cards signed, and still wish
to donate blood, they may do so
by making an appointment with
the Peninsula Blood Bank in Bur
lingamc.
Blood donated is credited to the
Stanford Student Blood Bank for
the use of Stanford University
students.
Fifty-five students donated one
pint of blood each when the blood
mobile of the Peninsula Memorial
Blood Bank was on campus last
Friday, an unofficial report by
the Student Health Committee
shows. Official figures will not
be known until receipts arc re
ceived from the Blood Bank.
Thirty more students, who had
Jailed to have their parental con
sent cards signed, were turned
away. If these students now have
these cards signed, and still wish
to donate blood, they may do so
by making an appointment with
the Peninsula Blood Bank in Bur
lingamc.
Blood donated is credited to the
Stanford Student Blood Bank for
the use of Stanford University
students.
Fifty-five students donated one
pint of blood each when the blood
mobile of the Peninsula Memorial
Blood Bank was on campus last
Friday, an unofficial report by
the Student Health Committee
shows. Official figures will not
be known until receipts arc re
ceived from the Blood Bank.
Thirty more students, who had
Jailed to have their parental con
sent cards signed, were turned
away. If these students now have
these cards signed, and still wish
to donate blood, they may do so
by making an appointment with
the Peninsula Blood Bank in Bur
lingamc.
Blood donated is credited to the
Stanford Student Blood Bank for
the use of Stanford University
students.
Fifty-five students donated one
pint of blood each when the blood
mobile of the Peninsula Memorial
Blood Bank was on campus last
Friday, an unofficial report by
the Student Health Committee
shows. Official figures will not
be known until receipts arc re
ceived from the Blood Bank.
Thirty more students, who had
Jailed to have their parental con
sent cards signed, were turned
away. If these students now have
these cards signed, and still wish
to donate blood, they may do so
by making an appointment with
the Peninsula Blood Bank in Bur
lingamc.
Blood donated is credited to the
Stanford Student Blood Bank for
the use of Stanford University
students.
Fifty-five students donated one
pint of blood each when the blood
mobile of the Peninsula Memorial
Blood Bank was on campus last
Friday, an unofficial report by
the Student Health Committee
shows. Official figures will not
be known until receipts arc re
ceived from the Blood Bank.
Thirty more students, who had
Jailed to have their parental con
sent cards signed, were turned
away. If these students now have
these cards signed, and still wish
to donate blood, they may do so
by making an appointment with
the Peninsula Blood Bank in Bur
lingamc.
Blood donated is credited to the
Stanford Student Blood Bank for
the use of Stanford University
students.
Fifty-five students donated one
pint of blood each when the blood
mobile of the Peninsula Memorial
Blood Bank was on campus last
Friday, an unofficial report by
the Student Health Committee
shows. Official figures will not
be known until receipts arc re
ceived from the Blood Bank.
Thirty more students, who had
Jailed to have their parental con
sent cards signed, were turned
away. If these students now have
these cards signed, and still wish
to donate blood, they may do so
by making an appointment with
the Peninsula Blood Bank in Bur
lingamc.
Blood donated is credited to the
Stanford Student Blood Bank for
the use of Stanford University
students.
Fifty-five students donated one
pint of blood each when the blood
mobile of the Peninsula Memorial
Blood Bank was on campus last
Friday, an unofficial report by
the Student Health Committee
shows. Official figures will not
be known until receipts arc re
ceived from the Blood Bank.
Thirty more students, who had
Jailed to have their parental con
sent cards signed, were turned
away. If these students now have
these cards signed, and still wish
to donate blood, they may do so
by making an appointment with
the Peninsula Blood Bank in Bur
lingamc.
Blood donated is credited to the
Stanford Student Blood Bank for
the use of Stanford University
students.
Fifty-five students donated one
pint of blood each when the blood
mobile of the Peninsula Memorial
Blood Bank was on campus last
Friday, an unofficial report by
the Student Health Committee
shows. Official figures will not
be known until receipts arc re
ceived from the Blood Bank.
Thirty more students, who had
Jailed to have their parental con
sent cards signed, were turned
away. If these students now have
these cards signed, and still wish
to donate blood, they may do so
by making an appointment with
the Peninsula Blood Bank in Bur
lingamc.
Blood donated is credited to the
Stanford Student Blood Bank for
the use of Stanford University
students.
