# "Der Bibliotekar" to be staged.
## 
### 
The German club will stage "Der
Bibliotekar'' this semester. All mem
bers will try out at the next meeting,
and rehearsals will begin as soon as
possible. As there are ten parts in
the play, many of the members will
have an opportunity to show their
ability.
The German club will stage "Der
Bibliotekar'' this semester. All mem
bers will try out at the next meeting,
and rehearsals will begin as soon as
possible. As there are ten parts in
the play, many of the members will
have an opportunity to show their
ability.
The German club will stage "Der
Bibliotekar'' this semester. All mem
bers will try out at the next meeting,
and rehearsals will begin as soon as
possible. As there are ten parts in
the play, many of the members will
have an opportunity to show their
ability.
The German club will stage "Der
Bibliotekar'' this semester. All mem
bers will try out at the next meeting,
and rehearsals will begin as soon as
possible. As there are ten parts in
the play, many of the members will
have an opportunity to show their
ability.
The German club will stage "Der
Bibliotekar'' this semester. All mem
bers will try out at the next meeting,
and rehearsals will begin as soon as
possible. As there are ten parts in
the play, many of the members will
have an opportunity to show their
ability.
The German club will stage "Der
Bibliotekar'' this semester. All mem
bers will try out at the next meeting,
and rehearsals will begin as soon as
possible. As there are ten parts in
the play, many of the members will
have an opportunity to show their
ability.
The German club will stage "Der
Bibliotekar'' this semester. All mem
bers will try out at the next meeting,
and rehearsals will begin as soon as
possible. As there are ten parts in
the play, many of the members will
have an opportunity to show their
ability.
The German club will stage "Der
Bibliotekar'' this semester. All mem
bers will try out at the next meeting,
and rehearsals will begin as soon as
possible. As there are ten parts in
the play, many of the members will
have an opportunity to show their
ability.
The German club will stage "Der
Bibliotekar'' this semester. All mem
bers will try out at the next meeting,
and rehearsals will begin as soon as
possible. As there are ten parts in
the play, many of the members will
have an opportunity to show their
ability.
The German club will stage "Der
Bibliotekar'' this semester. All mem
bers will try out at the next meeting,
and rehearsals will begin as soon as
possible. As there are ten parts in
the play, many of the members will
have an opportunity to show their
ability.
The German club will stage "Der
Bibliotekar'' this semester. All mem
bers will try out at the next meeting,
and rehearsals will begin as soon as
possible. As there are ten parts in
the play, many of the members will
have an opportunity to show their
ability.
The German club will stage "Der
Bibliotekar'' this semester. All mem
bers will try out at the next meeting,
and rehearsals will begin as soon as
possible. As there are ten parts in
the play, many of the members will
have an opportunity to show their
ability.
The German club will stage "Der
Bibliotekar'' this semester. All mem
bers will try out at the next meeting,
and rehearsals will begin as soon as
possible. As there are ten parts in
the play, many of the members will
have an opportunity to show their
ability.
