# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
THE BEGCEST
SHAKE
SiNCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours row. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson Cr Hamilton
THE BEGCEST
SHAKE
SiNCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours row. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson Cr Hamilton
THE BEGCEST
SHAKE
SiNCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours row. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson Cr Hamilton
THE BEGCEST
SHAKE
SiNCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours row. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson Cr Hamilton
THE BEGCEST
SHAKE
SiNCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours row. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson Cr Hamilton
THE BEGCEST
SHAKE
SiNCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours row. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson Cr Hamilton
THE BEGCEST
SHAKE
SiNCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours row. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson Cr Hamilton
THE BEGCEST
SHAKE
SiNCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours row. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson Cr Hamilton
THE BEGCEST
SHAKE
SiNCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours row. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson Cr Hamilton
THE BEGCEST
SHAKE
SiNCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours row. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson Cr Hamilton
THE BEGCEST
SHAKE
SiNCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours row. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson Cr Hamilton
THE BEGCEST
SHAKE
SiNCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours row. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson Cr Hamilton
THE BEGCEST
SHAKE
SiNCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours row. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson Cr Hamilton
THE BEGCEST
SHAKE
SiNCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours row. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson Cr Hamilton
THE BEGCEST
SHAKE
SiNCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours row. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson Cr Hamilton
THE BEGCEST
SHAKE
SiNCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours row. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson Cr Hamilton
THE BEGCEST
SHAKE
SiNCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours row. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson Cr Hamilton
THE BEGCEST
SHAKE
SiNCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours row. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson Cr Hamilton
