# Play Contest Closes Friday
## 
### 
Ram's Head's off-again-on-again
one-act play contest will definitely
be held this quarter, according to
the agreement reached at a meeting
held last Friday.
Due to the difficulties in arrang
ing dates for presentation, it was
impossible to announce the event
before. Scripts will be considered
this week, with Friday the last pos
sible day for acceptance.
Lome Stanley, newl/y elected
president of the dramatic organiza
tion, announced yesterday that "all
authors, pseudo or otherwise, are
urged to hand in their efforts imme
diately." .
Tryouts for the plays will be held
next Monday, according to Stanley.
He emphasized that participation
counts toward membership in Ram's
Head.
Ram's Head's off-again-on-again
one-act play contest will definitely
be held this quarter, according to
the agreement reached at a meeting
held last Friday.
Due to the difficulties in arrang
ing dates for presentation, it was
impossible to announce the event
before. Scripts will be considered
this week, with Friday the last pos
sible day for acceptance.
Lome Stanley, newl/y elected
president of the dramatic organiza
tion, announced yesterday that "all
authors, pseudo or otherwise, are
urged to hand in their efforts imme
diately." .
Tryouts for the plays will be held
next Monday, according to Stanley.
He emphasized that participation
counts toward membership in Ram's
Head.
Ram's Head's off-again-on-again
one-act play contest will definitely
be held this quarter, according to
the agreement reached at a meeting
held last Friday.
Due to the difficulties in arrang
ing dates for presentation, it was
impossible to announce the event
before. Scripts will be considered
this week, with Friday the last pos
sible day for acceptance.
Lome Stanley, newl/y elected
president of the dramatic organiza
tion, announced yesterday that "all
authors, pseudo or otherwise, are
urged to hand in their efforts imme
diately." .
Tryouts for the plays will be held
next Monday, according to Stanley.
He emphasized that participation
counts toward membership in Ram's
Head.
Ram's Head's off-again-on-again
one-act play contest will definitely
be held this quarter, according to
the agreement reached at a meeting
held last Friday.
Due to the difficulties in arrang
ing dates for presentation, it was
impossible to announce the event
before. Scripts will be considered
this week, with Friday the last pos
sible day for acceptance.
Lome Stanley, newl/y elected
president of the dramatic organiza
tion, announced yesterday that "all
authors, pseudo or otherwise, are
urged to hand in their efforts imme
diately." .
Tryouts for the plays will be held
next Monday, according to Stanley.
He emphasized that participation
counts toward membership in Ram's
Head.
Ram's Head's off-again-on-again
one-act play contest will definitely
be held this quarter, according to
the agreement reached at a meeting
held last Friday.
Due to the difficulties in arrang
ing dates for presentation, it was
impossible to announce the event
before. Scripts will be considered
this week, with Friday the last pos
sible day for acceptance.
Lome Stanley, newl/y elected
president of the dramatic organiza
tion, announced yesterday that "all
authors, pseudo or otherwise, are
urged to hand in their efforts imme
diately." .
Tryouts for the plays will be held
next Monday, according to Stanley.
He emphasized that participation
counts toward membership in Ram's
Head.
Ram's Head's off-again-on-again
one-act play contest will definitely
be held this quarter, according to
the agreement reached at a meeting
held last Friday.
Due to the difficulties in arrang
ing dates for presentation, it was
impossible to announce the event
before. Scripts will be considered
this week, with Friday the last pos
sible day for acceptance.
Lome Stanley, newl/y elected
president of the dramatic organiza
tion, announced yesterday that "all
authors, pseudo or otherwise, are
urged to hand in their efforts imme
diately." .
Tryouts for the plays will be held
next Monday, according to Stanley.
He emphasized that participation
counts toward membership in Ram's
Head.
Ram's Head's off-again-on-again
one-act play contest will definitely
be held this quarter, according to
the agreement reached at a meeting
held last Friday.
Due to the difficulties in arrang
ing dates for presentation, it was
impossible to announce the event
before. Scripts will be considered
this week, with Friday the last pos
sible day for acceptance.
Lome Stanley, newl/y elected
president of the dramatic organiza
tion, announced yesterday that "all
authors, pseudo or otherwise, are
urged to hand in their efforts imme
diately." .
Tryouts for the plays will be held
next Monday, according to Stanley.
He emphasized that participation
counts toward membership in Ram's
Head.
Ram's Head's off-again-on-again
one-act play contest will definitely
be held this quarter, according to
the agreement reached at a meeting
held last Friday.
Due to the difficulties in arrang
ing dates for presentation, it was
impossible to announce the event
before. Scripts will be considered
this week, with Friday the last pos
sible day for acceptance.
Lome Stanley, newl/y elected
president of the dramatic organiza
tion, announced yesterday that "all
authors, pseudo or otherwise, are
urged to hand in their efforts imme
diately." .
Tryouts for the plays will be held
next Monday, according to Stanley.
He emphasized that participation
counts toward membership in Ram's
Head.
Ram's Head's off-again-on-again
one-act play contest will definitely
be held this quarter, according to
the agreement reached at a meeting
held last Friday.
Due to the difficulties in arrang
ing dates for presentation, it was
impossible to announce the event
before. Scripts will be considered
this week, with Friday the last pos
sible day for acceptance.
Lome Stanley, newl/y elected
president of the dramatic organiza
tion, announced yesterday that "all
authors, pseudo or otherwise, are
urged to hand in their efforts imme
diately." .
Tryouts for the plays will be held
next Monday, according to Stanley.
He emphasized that participation
counts toward membership in Ram's
Head.
Ram's Head's off-again-on-again
one-act play contest will definitely
be held this quarter, according to
the agreement reached at a meeting
held last Friday.
Due to the difficulties in arrang
ing dates for presentation, it was
impossible to announce the event
before. Scripts will be considered
this week, with Friday the last pos
sible day for acceptance.
Lome Stanley, newl/y elected
president of the dramatic organiza
tion, announced yesterday that "all
authors, pseudo or otherwise, are
urged to hand in their efforts imme
diately." .
Tryouts for the plays will be held
next Monday, according to Stanley.
He emphasized that participation
counts toward membership in Ram's
Head.
Ram's Head's off-again-on-again
one-act play contest will definitely
be held this quarter, according to
the agreement reached at a meeting
held last Friday.
Due to the difficulties in arrang
ing dates for presentation, it was
impossible to announce the event
before. Scripts will be considered
this week, with Friday the last pos
sible day for acceptance.
Lome Stanley, newl/y elected
president of the dramatic organiza
tion, announced yesterday that "all
authors, pseudo or otherwise, are
urged to hand in their efforts imme
diately." .
Tryouts for the plays will be held
next Monday, according to Stanley.
He emphasized that participation
counts toward membership in Ram's
Head.
Ram's Head's off-again-on-again
one-act play contest will definitely
be held this quarter, according to
the agreement reached at a meeting
held last Friday.
Due to the difficulties in arrang
ing dates for presentation, it was
impossible to announce the event
before. Scripts will be considered
this week, with Friday the last pos
sible day for acceptance.
Lome Stanley, newl/y elected
president of the dramatic organiza
tion, announced yesterday that "all
authors, pseudo or otherwise, are
urged to hand in their efforts imme
diately." .
Tryouts for the plays will be held
next Monday, according to Stanley.
He emphasized that participation
counts toward membership in Ram's
Head.
Ram's Head's off-again-on-again
one-act play contest will definitely
be held this quarter, according to
the agreement reached at a meeting
held last Friday.
Due to the difficulties in arrang
ing dates for presentation, it was
impossible to announce the event
before. Scripts will be considered
this week, with Friday the last pos
sible day for acceptance.
Lome Stanley, newl/y elected
president of the dramatic organiza
tion, announced yesterday that "all
authors, pseudo or otherwise, are
urged to hand in their efforts imme
diately." .
Tryouts for the plays will be held
next Monday, according to Stanley.
He emphasized that participation
counts toward membership in Ram's
Head.
Ram's Head's off-again-on-again
one-act play contest will definitely
be held this quarter, according to
the agreement reached at a meeting
held last Friday.
Due to the difficulties in arrang
ing dates for presentation, it was
impossible to announce the event
before. Scripts will be considered
this week, with Friday the last pos
sible day for acceptance.
Lome Stanley, newl/y elected
president of the dramatic organiza
tion, announced yesterday that "all
authors, pseudo or otherwise, are
urged to hand in their efforts imme
diately." .
Tryouts for the plays will be held
next Monday, according to Stanley.
He emphasized that participation
counts toward membership in Ram's
Head.
Ram's Head's off-again-on-again
one-act play contest will definitely
be held this quarter, according to
the agreement reached at a meeting
held last Friday.
Due to the difficulties in arrang
ing dates for presentation, it was
impossible to announce the event
before. Scripts will be considered
this week, with Friday the last pos
sible day for acceptance.
Lome Stanley, newl/y elected
president of the dramatic organiza
tion, announced yesterday that "all
authors, pseudo or otherwise, are
urged to hand in their efforts imme
diately." .
Tryouts for the plays will be held
next Monday, according to Stanley.
He emphasized that participation
counts toward membership in Ram's
Head.
Ram's Head's off-again-on-again
one-act play contest will definitely
be held this quarter, according to
the agreement reached at a meeting
held last Friday.
Due to the difficulties in arrang
ing dates for presentation, it was
impossible to announce the event
before. Scripts will be considered
this week, with Friday the last pos
sible day for acceptance.
Lome Stanley, newl/y elected
president of the dramatic organiza
tion, announced yesterday that "all
authors, pseudo or otherwise, are
urged to hand in their efforts imme
diately." .
Tryouts for the plays will be held
next Monday, according to Stanley.
He emphasized that participation
counts toward membership in Ram's
Head.
Ram's Head's off-again-on-again
one-act play contest will definitely
be held this quarter, according to
the agreement reached at a meeting
held last Friday.
Due to the difficulties in arrang
ing dates for presentation, it was
impossible to announce the event
before. Scripts will be considered
this week, with Friday the last pos
sible day for acceptance.
Lome Stanley, newl/y elected
president of the dramatic organiza
tion, announced yesterday that "all
authors, pseudo or otherwise, are
urged to hand in their efforts imme
diately." .
Tryouts for the plays will be held
next Monday, according to Stanley.
He emphasized that participation
counts toward membership in Ram's
Head.
Ram's Head's off-again-on-again
one-act play contest will definitely
be held this quarter, according to
the agreement reached at a meeting
held last Friday.
Due to the difficulties in arrang
ing dates for presentation, it was
impossible to announce the event
before. Scripts will be considered
this week, with Friday the last pos
sible day for acceptance.
Lome Stanley, newl/y elected
president of the dramatic organiza
tion, announced yesterday that "all
authors, pseudo or otherwise, are
urged to hand in their efforts imme
diately." .
Tryouts for the plays will be held
next Monday, according to Stanley.
He emphasized that participation
counts toward membership in Ram's
Head.
