# WILLKIE, GEORGE VI TALK IT OVER
## 
### 

STILL WEARING his crumpled business suit after a whirlwind tour of England, Wendell Willkie chats
with King George VI in London in a precedent-breaking audience. Later he boarded a clipper for the
United States to appear in Washington to support President Roosevelt's program of aid to Great Britain.

STILL WEARING his crumpled business suit after a whirlwind tour of England, Wendell Willkie chats
with King George VI in London in a precedent-breaking audience. Later he boarded a clipper for the
United States to appear in Washington to support President Roosevelt's program of aid to Great Britain.

STILL WEARING his crumpled business suit after a whirlwind tour of England, Wendell Willkie chats
with King George VI in London in a precedent-breaking audience. Later he boarded a clipper for the
United States to appear in Washington to support President Roosevelt's program of aid to Great Britain.

STILL WEARING his crumpled business suit after a whirlwind tour of England, Wendell Willkie chats
with King George VI in London in a precedent-breaking audience. Later he boarded a clipper for the
United States to appear in Washington to support President Roosevelt's program of aid to Great Britain.

STILL WEARING his crumpled business suit after a whirlwind tour of England, Wendell Willkie chats
with King George VI in London in a precedent-breaking audience. Later he boarded a clipper for the
United States to appear in Washington to support President Roosevelt's program of aid to Great Britain.

STILL WEARING his crumpled business suit after a whirlwind tour of England, Wendell Willkie chats
with King George VI in London in a precedent-breaking audience. Later he boarded a clipper for the
United States to appear in Washington to support President Roosevelt's program of aid to Great Britain.

STILL WEARING his crumpled business suit after a whirlwind tour of England, Wendell Willkie chats
with King George VI in London in a precedent-breaking audience. Later he boarded a clipper for the
United States to appear in Washington to support President Roosevelt's program of aid to Great Britain.

STILL WEARING his crumpled business suit after a whirlwind tour of England, Wendell Willkie chats
with King George VI in London in a precedent-breaking audience. Later he boarded a clipper for the
United States to appear in Washington to support President Roosevelt's program of aid to Great Britain.

STILL WEARING his crumpled business suit after a whirlwind tour of England, Wendell Willkie chats
with King George VI in London in a precedent-breaking audience. Later he boarded a clipper for the
United States to appear in Washington to support President Roosevelt's program of aid to Great Britain.

STILL WEARING his crumpled business suit after a whirlwind tour of England, Wendell Willkie chats
with King George VI in London in a precedent-breaking audience. Later he boarded a clipper for the
United States to appear in Washington to support President Roosevelt's program of aid to Great Britain.

STILL WEARING his crumpled business suit after a whirlwind tour of England, Wendell Willkie chats
with King George VI in London in a precedent-breaking audience. Later he boarded a clipper for the
United States to appear in Washington to support President Roosevelt's program of aid to Great Britain.

STILL WEARING his crumpled business suit after a whirlwind tour of England, Wendell Willkie chats
with King George VI in London in a precedent-breaking audience. Later he boarded a clipper for the
United States to appear in Washington to support President Roosevelt's program of aid to Great Britain.

STILL WEARING his crumpled business suit after a whirlwind tour of England, Wendell Willkie chats
with King George VI in London in a precedent-breaking audience. Later he boarded a clipper for the
United States to appear in Washington to support President Roosevelt's program of aid to Great Britain.

STILL WEARING his crumpled business suit after a whirlwind tour of England, Wendell Willkie chats
with King George VI in London in a precedent-breaking audience. Later he boarded a clipper for the
United States to appear in Washington to support President Roosevelt's program of aid to Great Britain.

STILL WEARING his crumpled business suit after a whirlwind tour of England, Wendell Willkie chats
with King George VI in London in a precedent-breaking audience. Later he boarded a clipper for the
United States to appear in Washington to support President Roosevelt's program of aid to Great Britain.

STILL WEARING his crumpled business suit after a whirlwind tour of England, Wendell Willkie chats
with King George VI in London in a precedent-breaking audience. Later he boarded a clipper for the
United States to appear in Washington to support President Roosevelt's program of aid to Great Britain.

STILL WEARING his crumpled business suit after a whirlwind tour of England, Wendell Willkie chats
with King George VI in London in a precedent-breaking audience. Later he boarded a clipper for the
United States to appear in Washington to support President Roosevelt's program of aid to Great Britain.

STILL WEARING his crumpled business suit after a whirlwind tour of England, Wendell Willkie chats
with King George VI in London in a precedent-breaking audience. Later he boarded a clipper for the
United States to appear in Washington to support President Roosevelt's program of aid to Great Britain.
