# Rains Postpone Underpass Travel
## 
### 
Week-end rains have again forccd
postponement of the opening of the
two Palm Drive-University Avenue
underpasses, but construction offi
cials yesterday expressed the hope
that the opening could be effected
tomorrow or the next day.
Rain late Friday interrupted the
work of painting center lines and
cleaning off the pavement, and since
it rained all day Saturday the work
couid not be resumed until after
the week-end. If it is clear today,
the work should be completed in
time to open the underpasses to
morrow. If it is not, Wednesday
will probably be the opening day.
Chief Engineer George Thompson
announced that both underpasses
will be opened at the same time,
although the center island at Palm
Drive and the westerly side road
has yet to be finished.
Week-end rains have again forccd
postponement of the opening of the
two Palm Drive-University Avenue
underpasses, but construction offi
cials yesterday expressed the hope
that the opening could be effected
tomorrow or the next day.
Rain late Friday interrupted the
work of painting center lines and
cleaning off the pavement, and since
it rained all day Saturday the work
couid not be resumed until after
the week-end. If it is clear today,
the work should be completed in
time to open the underpasses to
morrow. If it is not, Wednesday
will probably be the opening day.
Chief Engineer George Thompson
announced that both underpasses
will be opened at the same time,
although the center island at Palm
Drive and the westerly side road
has yet to be finished.
Week-end rains have again forccd
postponement of the opening of the
two Palm Drive-University Avenue
underpasses, but construction offi
cials yesterday expressed the hope
that the opening could be effected
tomorrow or the next day.
Rain late Friday interrupted the
work of painting center lines and
cleaning off the pavement, and since
it rained all day Saturday the work
couid not be resumed until after
the week-end. If it is clear today,
the work should be completed in
time to open the underpasses to
morrow. If it is not, Wednesday
will probably be the opening day.
Chief Engineer George Thompson
announced that both underpasses
will be opened at the same time,
although the center island at Palm
Drive and the westerly side road
has yet to be finished.
Week-end rains have again forccd
postponement of the opening of the
two Palm Drive-University Avenue
underpasses, but construction offi
cials yesterday expressed the hope
that the opening could be effected
tomorrow or the next day.
Rain late Friday interrupted the
work of painting center lines and
cleaning off the pavement, and since
it rained all day Saturday the work
couid not be resumed until after
the week-end. If it is clear today,
the work should be completed in
time to open the underpasses to
morrow. If it is not, Wednesday
will probably be the opening day.
Chief Engineer George Thompson
announced that both underpasses
will be opened at the same time,
although the center island at Palm
Drive and the westerly side road
has yet to be finished.
Week-end rains have again forccd
postponement of the opening of the
two Palm Drive-University Avenue
underpasses, but construction offi
cials yesterday expressed the hope
that the opening could be effected
tomorrow or the next day.
Rain late Friday interrupted the
work of painting center lines and
cleaning off the pavement, and since
it rained all day Saturday the work
couid not be resumed until after
the week-end. If it is clear today,
the work should be completed in
time to open the underpasses to
morrow. If it is not, Wednesday
will probably be the opening day.
Chief Engineer George Thompson
announced that both underpasses
will be opened at the same time,
although the center island at Palm
Drive and the westerly side road
has yet to be finished.
Week-end rains have again forccd
postponement of the opening of the
two Palm Drive-University Avenue
underpasses, but construction offi
cials yesterday expressed the hope
that the opening could be effected
tomorrow or the next day.
Rain late Friday interrupted the
work of painting center lines and
cleaning off the pavement, and since
it rained all day Saturday the work
couid not be resumed until after
the week-end. If it is clear today,
the work should be completed in
time to open the underpasses to
morrow. If it is not, Wednesday
will probably be the opening day.
Chief Engineer George Thompson
announced that both underpasses
will be opened at the same time,
although the center island at Palm
Drive and the westerly side road
has yet to be finished.
Week-end rains have again forccd
postponement of the opening of the
two Palm Drive-University Avenue
underpasses, but construction offi
cials yesterday expressed the hope
that the opening could be effected
tomorrow or the next day.
Rain late Friday interrupted the
work of painting center lines and
cleaning off the pavement, and since
it rained all day Saturday the work
couid not be resumed until after
the week-end. If it is clear today,
the work should be completed in
time to open the underpasses to
morrow. If it is not, Wednesday
will probably be the opening day.
Chief Engineer George Thompson
announced that both underpasses
will be opened at the same time,
although the center island at Palm
Drive and the westerly side road
has yet to be finished.
Week-end rains have again forccd
postponement of the opening of the
two Palm Drive-University Avenue
underpasses, but construction offi
cials yesterday expressed the hope
that the opening could be effected
tomorrow or the next day.
Rain late Friday interrupted the
work of painting center lines and
cleaning off the pavement, and since
it rained all day Saturday the work
couid not be resumed until after
the week-end. If it is clear today,
the work should be completed in
time to open the underpasses to
morrow. If it is not, Wednesday
will probably be the opening day.
Chief Engineer George Thompson
announced that both underpasses
will be opened at the same time,
although the center island at Palm
Drive and the westerly side road
has yet to be finished.
Week-end rains have again forccd
postponement of the opening of the
two Palm Drive-University Avenue
underpasses, but construction offi
cials yesterday expressed the hope
that the opening could be effected
tomorrow or the next day.
Rain late Friday interrupted the
work of painting center lines and
cleaning off the pavement, and since
it rained all day Saturday the work
couid not be resumed until after
the week-end. If it is clear today,
the work should be completed in
time to open the underpasses to
morrow. If it is not, Wednesday
will probably be the opening day.
Chief Engineer George Thompson
announced that both underpasses
will be opened at the same time,
although the center island at Palm
Drive and the westerly side road
has yet to be finished.
Week-end rains have again forccd
postponement of the opening of the
two Palm Drive-University Avenue
underpasses, but construction offi
cials yesterday expressed the hope
that the opening could be effected
tomorrow or the next day.
Rain late Friday interrupted the
work of painting center lines and
cleaning off the pavement, and since
it rained all day Saturday the work
couid not be resumed until after
the week-end. If it is clear today,
the work should be completed in
time to open the underpasses to
morrow. If it is not, Wednesday
will probably be the opening day.
Chief Engineer George Thompson
announced that both underpasses
will be opened at the same time,
although the center island at Palm
Drive and the westerly side road
has yet to be finished.
Week-end rains have again forccd
postponement of the opening of the
two Palm Drive-University Avenue
underpasses, but construction offi
cials yesterday expressed the hope
that the opening could be effected
tomorrow or the next day.
Rain late Friday interrupted the
work of painting center lines and
cleaning off the pavement, and since
it rained all day Saturday the work
couid not be resumed until after
the week-end. If it is clear today,
the work should be completed in
time to open the underpasses to
morrow. If it is not, Wednesday
will probably be the opening day.
Chief Engineer George Thompson
announced that both underpasses
will be opened at the same time,
although the center island at Palm
Drive and the westerly side road
has yet to be finished.
Week-end rains have again forccd
postponement of the opening of the
two Palm Drive-University Avenue
underpasses, but construction offi
cials yesterday expressed the hope
that the opening could be effected
tomorrow or the next day.
Rain late Friday interrupted the
work of painting center lines and
cleaning off the pavement, and since
it rained all day Saturday the work
couid not be resumed until after
the week-end. If it is clear today,
the work should be completed in
time to open the underpasses to
morrow. If it is not, Wednesday
will probably be the opening day.
Chief Engineer George Thompson
announced that both underpasses
will be opened at the same time,
although the center island at Palm
Drive and the westerly side road
has yet to be finished.
Week-end rains have again forccd
postponement of the opening of the
two Palm Drive-University Avenue
underpasses, but construction offi
cials yesterday expressed the hope
that the opening could be effected
tomorrow or the next day.
Rain late Friday interrupted the
work of painting center lines and
cleaning off the pavement, and since
it rained all day Saturday the work
couid not be resumed until after
the week-end. If it is clear today,
the work should be completed in
time to open the underpasses to
morrow. If it is not, Wednesday
will probably be the opening day.
Chief Engineer George Thompson
announced that both underpasses
will be opened at the same time,
although the center island at Palm
Drive and the westerly side road
has yet to be finished.
Week-end rains have again forccd
postponement of the opening of the
two Palm Drive-University Avenue
underpasses, but construction offi
cials yesterday expressed the hope
that the opening could be effected
tomorrow or the next day.
Rain late Friday interrupted the
work of painting center lines and
cleaning off the pavement, and since
it rained all day Saturday the work
couid not be resumed until after
the week-end. If it is clear today,
the work should be completed in
time to open the underpasses to
morrow. If it is not, Wednesday
will probably be the opening day.
Chief Engineer George Thompson
announced that both underpasses
will be opened at the same time,
although the center island at Palm
Drive and the westerly side road
has yet to be finished.
Week-end rains have again forccd
postponement of the opening of the
two Palm Drive-University Avenue
underpasses, but construction offi
cials yesterday expressed the hope
that the opening could be effected
tomorrow or the next day.
Rain late Friday interrupted the
work of painting center lines and
cleaning off the pavement, and since
it rained all day Saturday the work
couid not be resumed until after
the week-end. If it is clear today,
the work should be completed in
time to open the underpasses to
morrow. If it is not, Wednesday
will probably be the opening day.
Chief Engineer George Thompson
announced that both underpasses
will be opened at the same time,
although the center island at Palm
Drive and the westerly side road
has yet to be finished.
Week-end rains have again forccd
postponement of the opening of the
two Palm Drive-University Avenue
underpasses, but construction offi
cials yesterday expressed the hope
that the opening could be effected
tomorrow or the next day.
Rain late Friday interrupted the
work of painting center lines and
cleaning off the pavement, and since
it rained all day Saturday the work
couid not be resumed until after
the week-end. If it is clear today,
the work should be completed in
time to open the underpasses to
morrow. If it is not, Wednesday
will probably be the opening day.
Chief Engineer George Thompson
announced that both underpasses
will be opened at the same time,
although the center island at Palm
Drive and the westerly side road
has yet to be finished.
Week-end rains have again forccd
postponement of the opening of the
two Palm Drive-University Avenue
underpasses, but construction offi
cials yesterday expressed the hope
that the opening could be effected
tomorrow or the next day.
Rain late Friday interrupted the
work of painting center lines and
cleaning off the pavement, and since
it rained all day Saturday the work
couid not be resumed until after
the week-end. If it is clear today,
the work should be completed in
time to open the underpasses to
morrow. If it is not, Wednesday
will probably be the opening day.
Chief Engineer George Thompson
announced that both underpasses
will be opened at the same time,
although the center island at Palm
Drive and the westerly side road
has yet to be finished.
Week-end rains have again forccd
postponement of the opening of the
two Palm Drive-University Avenue
underpasses, but construction offi
cials yesterday expressed the hope
that the opening could be effected
tomorrow or the next day.
Rain late Friday interrupted the
work of painting center lines and
cleaning off the pavement, and since
it rained all day Saturday the work
couid not be resumed until after
the week-end. If it is clear today,
the work should be completed in
time to open the underpasses to
morrow. If it is not, Wednesday
will probably be the opening day.
Chief Engineer George Thompson
announced that both underpasses
will be opened at the same time,
although the center island at Palm
Drive and the westerly side road
has yet to be finished.
