# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Over 28,000 eases of influenza, result
ing in more than 1,000 fatalities, have
been reported among the men at Camp
Sherman, Ohio.
Over 28,000 eases of influenza, result
ing in more than 1,000 fatalities, have
been reported among the men at Camp
Sherman, Ohio.
Over 28,000 eases of influenza, result
ing in more than 1,000 fatalities, have
been reported among the men at Camp
Sherman, Ohio.
Over 28,000 eases of influenza, result
ing in more than 1,000 fatalities, have
been reported among the men at Camp
Sherman, Ohio.
Over 28,000 eases of influenza, result
ing in more than 1,000 fatalities, have
been reported among the men at Camp
Sherman, Ohio.
Over 28,000 eases of influenza, result
ing in more than 1,000 fatalities, have
been reported among the men at Camp
Sherman, Ohio.
Over 28,000 eases of influenza, result
ing in more than 1,000 fatalities, have
been reported among the men at Camp
Sherman, Ohio.
Over 28,000 eases of influenza, result
ing in more than 1,000 fatalities, have
been reported among the men at Camp
Sherman, Ohio.
Over 28,000 eases of influenza, result
ing in more than 1,000 fatalities, have
been reported among the men at Camp
Sherman, Ohio.
Over 28,000 eases of influenza, result
ing in more than 1,000 fatalities, have
been reported among the men at Camp
Sherman, Ohio.
Over 28,000 eases of influenza, result
ing in more than 1,000 fatalities, have
been reported among the men at Camp
Sherman, Ohio.
Over 28,000 eases of influenza, result
ing in more than 1,000 fatalities, have
been reported among the men at Camp
Sherman, Ohio.
Over 28,000 eases of influenza, result
ing in more than 1,000 fatalities, have
been reported among the men at Camp
Sherman, Ohio.
Over 28,000 eases of influenza, result
ing in more than 1,000 fatalities, have
been reported among the men at Camp
Sherman, Ohio.
Over 28,000 eases of influenza, result
ing in more than 1,000 fatalities, have
been reported among the men at Camp
Sherman, Ohio.
Over 28,000 eases of influenza, result
ing in more than 1,000 fatalities, have
been reported among the men at Camp
Sherman, Ohio.
