# Untitled Article
## 
### 
With the late number of Josh
conies the announcement that the
magazine will be conducted hereaf
ter under independent management,
not identified with either university.
A small amount of space will, how
ever, be devoted to Stanford and
California news. As the policy of
the paper is not to be controlled by
representatives of the two universi
ties, we think that all connection
should be dissolved. The students
who have heretofore conducted the
Stanford department have very ju
diciously resigned. We express the
hope that these positions may re
main permanently unoccupied, and
that steps may be taken to sever all
bonds of afliliation between the
University and the "independent"
magazine.
