# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
LEVI STRAUSS
RIDERS
Perfect fit and long
wearing: Sanforized
shrunk. Slide fastener
closing <so a girl does
not have to unlace
her belt all the way. >
Deep-set slash pock
etc.
HEAVY WHIPCORD
or
RIDER'S TAN
$5.80
mlo alto
LEVI STRAUSS
RIDERS
Perfect fit and long
wearing: Sanforized
shrunk. Slide fastener
closing <so a girl does
not have to unlace
her belt all the way. >
Deep-set slash pock
etc.
HEAVY WHIPCORD
or
RIDER'S TAN
$5.80
mlo alto
LEVI STRAUSS
RIDERS
Perfect fit and long
wearing: Sanforized
shrunk. Slide fastener
closing <so a girl does
not have to unlace
her belt all the way. >
Deep-set slash pock
etc.
HEAVY WHIPCORD
or
RIDER'S TAN
$5.80
mlo alto
LEVI STRAUSS
RIDERS
Perfect fit and long
wearing: Sanforized
shrunk. Slide fastener
closing <so a girl does
not have to unlace
her belt all the way. >
Deep-set slash pock
etc.
HEAVY WHIPCORD
or
RIDER'S TAN
$5.80
mlo alto
LEVI STRAUSS
RIDERS
Perfect fit and long
wearing: Sanforized
shrunk. Slide fastener
closing <so a girl does
not have to unlace
her belt all the way. >
Deep-set slash pock
etc.
HEAVY WHIPCORD
or
RIDER'S TAN
$5.80
mlo alto
LEVI STRAUSS
RIDERS
Perfect fit and long
wearing: Sanforized
shrunk. Slide fastener
closing <so a girl does
not have to unlace
her belt all the way. >
Deep-set slash pock
etc.
HEAVY WHIPCORD
or
RIDER'S TAN
$5.80
mlo alto
LEVI STRAUSS
RIDERS
Perfect fit and long
wearing: Sanforized
shrunk. Slide fastener
closing <so a girl does
not have to unlace
her belt all the way. >
Deep-set slash pock
etc.
HEAVY WHIPCORD
or
RIDER'S TAN
$5.80
mlo alto
LEVI STRAUSS
RIDERS
Perfect fit and long
wearing: Sanforized
shrunk. Slide fastener
closing <so a girl does
not have to unlace
her belt all the way. >
Deep-set slash pock
etc.
HEAVY WHIPCORD
or
RIDER'S TAN
$5.80
mlo alto
LEVI STRAUSS
RIDERS
Perfect fit and long
wearing: Sanforized
shrunk. Slide fastener
closing <so a girl does
not have to unlace
her belt all the way. >
Deep-set slash pock
etc.
HEAVY WHIPCORD
or
RIDER'S TAN
$5.80
mlo alto
LEVI STRAUSS
RIDERS
Perfect fit and long
wearing: Sanforized
shrunk. Slide fastener
closing <so a girl does
not have to unlace
her belt all the way. >
Deep-set slash pock
etc.
HEAVY WHIPCORD
or
RIDER'S TAN
$5.80
mlo alto
LEVI STRAUSS
RIDERS
Perfect fit and long
wearing: Sanforized
shrunk. Slide fastener
closing <so a girl does
not have to unlace
her belt all the way. >
Deep-set slash pock
etc.
HEAVY WHIPCORD
or
RIDER'S TAN
$5.80
mlo alto
LEVI STRAUSS
RIDERS
Perfect fit and long
wearing: Sanforized
shrunk. Slide fastener
closing <so a girl does
not have to unlace
her belt all the way. >
Deep-set slash pock
etc.
HEAVY WHIPCORD
or
RIDER'S TAN
$5.80
mlo alto
LEVI STRAUSS
RIDERS
Perfect fit and long
wearing: Sanforized
shrunk. Slide fastener
closing <so a girl does
not have to unlace
her belt all the way. >
Deep-set slash pock
etc.
HEAVY WHIPCORD
or
RIDER'S TAN
$5.80
mlo alto
LEVI STRAUSS
RIDERS
Perfect fit and long
wearing: Sanforized
shrunk. Slide fastener
closing <so a girl does
not have to unlace
her belt all the way. >
Deep-set slash pock
etc.
HEAVY WHIPCORD
or
RIDER'S TAN
$5.80
mlo alto
LEVI STRAUSS
RIDERS
Perfect fit and long
wearing: Sanforized
shrunk. Slide fastener
closing <so a girl does
not have to unlace
her belt all the way. >
Deep-set slash pock
etc.
HEAVY WHIPCORD
or
RIDER'S TAN
$5.80
mlo alto
