# Sophomore Hats.
## 
### 
The Sophomore huts, which were
ordered Inst week, will he ready for
delivery at the Haberdasher's Sat
urday morning. The price is fifty
cents. It has heen suggested that
some particular day should he fixed
for the initial display of the head
gear, and this will allow more time
for their decoration. Those who
failed to order will he forced either
to accept what is left over, or to
wait until an additional supply
can he obtained.
The Sophomore huts, which were
ordered Inst week, will he ready for
delivery at the Haberdasher's Sat
urday morning. The price is fifty
cents. It has heen suggested that
some particular day should he fixed
for the initial display of the head
gear, and this will allow more time
for their decoration. Those who
failed to order will he forced either
to accept what is left over, or to
wait until an additional supply
can he obtained.
The Sophomore huts, which were
ordered Inst week, will he ready for
delivery at the Haberdasher's Sat
urday morning. The price is fifty
cents. It has heen suggested that
some particular day should he fixed
for the initial display of the head
gear, and this will allow more time
for their decoration. Those who
failed to order will he forced either
to accept what is left over, or to
wait until an additional supply
can he obtained.
The Sophomore huts, which were
ordered Inst week, will he ready for
delivery at the Haberdasher's Sat
urday morning. The price is fifty
cents. It has heen suggested that
some particular day should he fixed
for the initial display of the head
gear, and this will allow more time
for their decoration. Those who
failed to order will he forced either
to accept what is left over, or to
wait until an additional supply
can he obtained.
The Sophomore huts, which were
ordered Inst week, will he ready for
delivery at the Haberdasher's Sat
urday morning. The price is fifty
cents. It has heen suggested that
some particular day should he fixed
for the initial display of the head
gear, and this will allow more time
for their decoration. Those who
failed to order will he forced either
to accept what is left over, or to
wait until an additional supply
can he obtained.
The Sophomore huts, which were
ordered Inst week, will he ready for
delivery at the Haberdasher's Sat
urday morning. The price is fifty
cents. It has heen suggested that
some particular day should he fixed
for the initial display of the head
gear, and this will allow more time
for their decoration. Those who
failed to order will he forced either
to accept what is left over, or to
wait until an additional supply
can he obtained.
The Sophomore huts, which were
ordered Inst week, will he ready for
delivery at the Haberdasher's Sat
urday morning. The price is fifty
cents. It has heen suggested that
some particular day should he fixed
for the initial display of the head
gear, and this will allow more time
for their decoration. Those who
failed to order will he forced either
to accept what is left over, or to
wait until an additional supply
can he obtained.
The Sophomore huts, which were
ordered Inst week, will he ready for
delivery at the Haberdasher's Sat
urday morning. The price is fifty
cents. It has heen suggested that
some particular day should he fixed
for the initial display of the head
gear, and this will allow more time
for their decoration. Those who
failed to order will he forced either
to accept what is left over, or to
wait until an additional supply
can he obtained.
