# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
THE SfCY
IS 1M LIMIT
y M
T© SCEiIC
Now you can enjoy America's
No. 1 travel treat. The mar
velous new Vista-Dome coaches
we've been talking about for
over a year are now in daily
operation on Western Pacific's
Transcontinental Trains. Walls
and ceilings of these fabulous
cars are transparent therma
pane glass. The heavens seem
closer...you get the whole pic
ture as you travel by daylight
through the Colorado Rockies in
perfect comfort. No extra fare!
Coast to Coast... no change of
Pullman or porter. Make res
ervations now! More than ever,
W. P. is "America's most scenic
railroad" with the Vista-Dome
luxury cars!
For information call
J.J.HICKEY, General Agent
299 Post Street
SUtter 1-1651
Martin C. Kidd, General Agent
40 West S.in Carlos St.. San |ose 23
Phone B Allard 71 1
THE SfCY
IS 1M LIMIT
y M
T© SCEiIC
Now you can enjoy America's
No. 1 travel treat. The mar
velous new Vista-Dome coaches
we've been talking about for
over a year are now in daily
operation on Western Pacific's
Transcontinental Trains. Walls
and ceilings of these fabulous
cars are transparent therma
pane glass. The heavens seem
closer...you get the whole pic
ture as you travel by daylight
through the Colorado Rockies in
perfect comfort. No extra fare!
Coast to Coast... no change of
Pullman or porter. Make res
ervations now! More than ever,
W. P. is "America's most scenic
railroad" with the Vista-Dome
luxury cars!
For information call
J.J.HICKEY, General Agent
299 Post Street
SUtter 1-1651
Martin C. Kidd, General Agent
40 West S.in Carlos St.. San |ose 23
Phone B Allard 71 1
THE SfCY
IS 1M LIMIT
y M
T© SCEiIC
Now you can enjoy America's
No. 1 travel treat. The mar
velous new Vista-Dome coaches
we've been talking about for
over a year are now in daily
operation on Western Pacific's
Transcontinental Trains. Walls
and ceilings of these fabulous
cars are transparent therma
pane glass. The heavens seem
closer...you get the whole pic
ture as you travel by daylight
through the Colorado Rockies in
perfect comfort. No extra fare!
Coast to Coast... no change of
Pullman or porter. Make res
ervations now! More than ever,
W. P. is "America's most scenic
railroad" with the Vista-Dome
luxury cars!
For information call
J.J.HICKEY, General Agent
299 Post Street
SUtter 1-1651
Martin C. Kidd, General Agent
40 West S.in Carlos St.. San |ose 23
Phone B Allard 71 1
THE SfCY
IS 1M LIMIT
y M
T© SCEiIC
Now you can enjoy America's
No. 1 travel treat. The mar
velous new Vista-Dome coaches
we've been talking about for
over a year are now in daily
operation on Western Pacific's
Transcontinental Trains. Walls
and ceilings of these fabulous
cars are transparent therma
pane glass. The heavens seem
closer...you get the whole pic
ture as you travel by daylight
through the Colorado Rockies in
perfect comfort. No extra fare!
Coast to Coast... no change of
Pullman or porter. Make res
ervations now! More than ever,
W. P. is "America's most scenic
railroad" with the Vista-Dome
luxury cars!
For information call
J.J.HICKEY, General Agent
299 Post Street
SUtter 1-1651
Martin C. Kidd, General Agent
40 West S.in Carlos St.. San |ose 23
Phone B Allard 71 1
THE SfCY
IS 1M LIMIT
y M
T© SCEiIC
Now you can enjoy America's
No. 1 travel treat. The mar
velous new Vista-Dome coaches
we've been talking about for
over a year are now in daily
operation on Western Pacific's
Transcontinental Trains. Walls
and ceilings of these fabulous
cars are transparent therma
pane glass. The heavens seem
closer...you get the whole pic
ture as you travel by daylight
through the Colorado Rockies in
perfect comfort. No extra fare!
Coast to Coast... no change of
Pullman or porter. Make res
ervations now! More than ever,
W. P. is "America's most scenic
railroad" with the Vista-Dome
luxury cars!
For information call
J.J.HICKEY, General Agent
299 Post Street
SUtter 1-1651
Martin C. Kidd, General Agent
40 West S.in Carlos St.. San |ose 23
Phone B Allard 71 1
THE SfCY
IS 1M LIMIT
y M
T© SCEiIC
Now you can enjoy America's
No. 1 travel treat. The mar
velous new Vista-Dome coaches
we've been talking about for
over a year are now in daily
operation on Western Pacific's
Transcontinental Trains. Walls
and ceilings of these fabulous
cars are transparent therma
pane glass. The heavens seem
closer...you get the whole pic
ture as you travel by daylight
through the Colorado Rockies in
perfect comfort. No extra fare!
Coast to Coast... no change of
Pullman or porter. Make res
ervations now! More than ever,
W. P. is "America's most scenic
railroad" with the Vista-Dome
luxury cars!
For information call
J.J.HICKEY, General Agent
299 Post Street
SUtter 1-1651
Martin C. Kidd, General Agent
40 West S.in Carlos St.. San |ose 23
Phone B Allard 71 1
THE SfCY
IS 1M LIMIT
y M
T© SCEiIC
Now you can enjoy America's
No. 1 travel treat. The mar
velous new Vista-Dome coaches
we've been talking about for
over a year are now in daily
operation on Western Pacific's
Transcontinental Trains. Walls
and ceilings of these fabulous
cars are transparent therma
pane glass. The heavens seem
closer...you get the whole pic
ture as you travel by daylight
through the Colorado Rockies in
perfect comfort. No extra fare!
Coast to Coast... no change of
Pullman or porter. Make res
ervations now! More than ever,
W. P. is "America's most scenic
railroad" with the Vista-Dome
luxury cars!
For information call
J.J.HICKEY, General Agent
299 Post Street
SUtter 1-1651
Martin C. Kidd, General Agent
40 West S.in Carlos St.. San |ose 23
Phone B Allard 71 1
THE SfCY
IS 1M LIMIT
y M
T© SCEiIC
Now you can enjoy America's
No. 1 travel treat. The mar
velous new Vista-Dome coaches
we've been talking about for
over a year are now in daily
operation on Western Pacific's
Transcontinental Trains. Walls
and ceilings of these fabulous
cars are transparent therma
pane glass. The heavens seem
closer...you get the whole pic
ture as you travel by daylight
through the Colorado Rockies in
perfect comfort. No extra fare!
Coast to Coast... no change of
Pullman or porter. Make res
ervations now! More than ever,
W. P. is "America's most scenic
railroad" with the Vista-Dome
luxury cars!
For information call
J.J.HICKEY, General Agent
299 Post Street
SUtter 1-1651
Martin C. Kidd, General Agent
40 West S.in Carlos St.. San |ose 23
Phone B Allard 71 1
THE SfCY
IS 1M LIMIT
y M
T© SCEiIC
Now you can enjoy America's
No. 1 travel treat. The mar
velous new Vista-Dome coaches
we've been talking about for
over a year are now in daily
operation on Western Pacific's
Transcontinental Trains. Walls
and ceilings of these fabulous
cars are transparent therma
pane glass. The heavens seem
closer...you get the whole pic
ture as you travel by daylight
through the Colorado Rockies in
perfect comfort. No extra fare!
Coast to Coast... no change of
Pullman or porter. Make res
ervations now! More than ever,
W. P. is "America's most scenic
railroad" with the Vista-Dome
luxury cars!
For information call
J.J.HICKEY, General Agent
299 Post Street
SUtter 1-1651
Martin C. Kidd, General Agent
40 West S.in Carlos St.. San |ose 23
Phone B Allard 71 1
THE SfCY
IS 1M LIMIT
y M
T© SCEiIC
Now you can enjoy America's
No. 1 travel treat. The mar
velous new Vista-Dome coaches
we've been talking about for
over a year are now in daily
operation on Western Pacific's
Transcontinental Trains. Walls
and ceilings of these fabulous
cars are transparent therma
pane glass. The heavens seem
closer...you get the whole pic
ture as you travel by daylight
through the Colorado Rockies in
perfect comfort. No extra fare!
Coast to Coast... no change of
Pullman or porter. Make res
ervations now! More than ever,
W. P. is "America's most scenic
railroad" with the Vista-Dome
luxury cars!
For information call
J.J.HICKEY, General Agent
299 Post Street
SUtter 1-1651
Martin C. Kidd, General Agent
40 West S.in Carlos St.. San |ose 23
Phone B Allard 71 1
THE SfCY
IS 1M LIMIT
y M
T© SCEiIC
Now you can enjoy America's
No. 1 travel treat. The mar
velous new Vista-Dome coaches
we've been talking about for
over a year are now in daily
operation on Western Pacific's
Transcontinental Trains. Walls
and ceilings of these fabulous
cars are transparent therma
pane glass. The heavens seem
closer...you get the whole pic
ture as you travel by daylight
through the Colorado Rockies in
perfect comfort. No extra fare!
Coast to Coast... no change of
Pullman or porter. Make res
ervations now! More than ever,
W. P. is "America's most scenic
railroad" with the Vista-Dome
luxury cars!
For information call
J.J.HICKEY, General Agent
299 Post Street
SUtter 1-1651
Martin C. Kidd, General Agent
40 West S.in Carlos St.. San |ose 23
Phone B Allard 71 1
THE SfCY
IS 1M LIMIT
y M
T© SCEiIC
Now you can enjoy America's
No. 1 travel treat. The mar
velous new Vista-Dome coaches
we've been talking about for
over a year are now in daily
operation on Western Pacific's
Transcontinental Trains. Walls
and ceilings of these fabulous
cars are transparent therma
pane glass. The heavens seem
closer...you get the whole pic
ture as you travel by daylight
through the Colorado Rockies in
perfect comfort. No extra fare!
Coast to Coast... no change of
Pullman or porter. Make res
ervations now! More than ever,
W. P. is "America's most scenic
railroad" with the Vista-Dome
luxury cars!
For information call
J.J.HICKEY, General Agent
299 Post Street
SUtter 1-1651
Martin C. Kidd, General Agent
40 West S.in Carlos St.. San |ose 23
Phone B Allard 71 1
THE SfCY
IS 1M LIMIT
y M
T© SCEiIC
Now you can enjoy America's
No. 1 travel treat. The mar
velous new Vista-Dome coaches
we've been talking about for
over a year are now in daily
operation on Western Pacific's
Transcontinental Trains. Walls
and ceilings of these fabulous
cars are transparent therma
pane glass. The heavens seem
closer...you get the whole pic
ture as you travel by daylight
through the Colorado Rockies in
perfect comfort. No extra fare!
Coast to Coast... no change of
Pullman or porter. Make res
ervations now! More than ever,
W. P. is "America's most scenic
railroad" with the Vista-Dome
luxury cars!
For information call
J.J.HICKEY, General Agent
299 Post Street
SUtter 1-1651
Martin C. Kidd, General Agent
40 West S.in Carlos St.. San |ose 23
Phone B Allard 71 1
THE SfCY
IS 1M LIMIT
y M
T© SCEiIC
Now you can enjoy America's
No. 1 travel treat. The mar
velous new Vista-Dome coaches
we've been talking about for
over a year are now in daily
operation on Western Pacific's
Transcontinental Trains. Walls
and ceilings of these fabulous
cars are transparent therma
pane glass. The heavens seem
closer...you get the whole pic
ture as you travel by daylight
through the Colorado Rockies in
perfect comfort. No extra fare!
Coast to Coast... no change of
Pullman or porter. Make res
ervations now! More than ever,
W. P. is "America's most scenic
railroad" with the Vista-Dome
luxury cars!
For information call
J.J.HICKEY, General Agent
299 Post Street
SUtter 1-1651
Martin C. Kidd, General Agent
40 West S.in Carlos St.. San |ose 23
Phone B Allard 71 1
THE SfCY
IS 1M LIMIT
y M
T© SCEiIC
Now you can enjoy America's
No. 1 travel treat. The mar
velous new Vista-Dome coaches
we've been talking about for
over a year are now in daily
operation on Western Pacific's
Transcontinental Trains. Walls
and ceilings of these fabulous
cars are transparent therma
pane glass. The heavens seem
closer...you get the whole pic
ture as you travel by daylight
through the Colorado Rockies in
perfect comfort. No extra fare!
Coast to Coast... no change of
Pullman or porter. Make res
ervations now! More than ever,
W. P. is "America's most scenic
railroad" with the Vista-Dome
luxury cars!
For information call
J.J.HICKEY, General Agent
299 Post Street
SUtter 1-1651
Martin C. Kidd, General Agent
40 West S.in Carlos St.. San |ose 23
Phone B Allard 71 1
