# Arabians March Into Jerusalem
## 
### 
CAIRO. May 18 (UP)—King Ab
dullah's Arab Legion marched int>
hallowed Bethlehem and the old cit\
area of Jerusalem today. A fight
between Arab and Jewish forces i'ov
the entire Holy City seemed immi
nent.
An official Trans-Jordan an
nouncement of the entry to Jeru
salem said that the Arabs, who now
conti-ol all approaches to the city,
had moved up artillery in prepara
tion for a bombardment of Jewish
areas.
The tough legionnaires, crack
fighting force of the Arab world,
moved into a police post in central
Bethlehem close to the Holy Church
of the Nativity.
After securing their position, the
legionnaires marched five miles
northward into the Jewish quarte:
of the old city area of Jerusalem,
the Trans-Jordan government an
nounced tonight in Amman.
CAIRO. May 18 (UP)—King Ab
dullah's Arab Legion marched int>
hallowed Bethlehem and the old cit\
area of Jerusalem today. A fight
between Arab and Jewish forces i'ov
the entire Holy City seemed immi
nent.
An official Trans-Jordan an
nouncement of the entry to Jeru
salem said that the Arabs, who now
conti-ol all approaches to the city,
had moved up artillery in prepara
tion for a bombardment of Jewish
areas.
The tough legionnaires, crack
fighting force of the Arab world,
moved into a police post in central
Bethlehem close to the Holy Church
of the Nativity.
After securing their position, the
legionnaires marched five miles
northward into the Jewish quarte:
of the old city area of Jerusalem,
the Trans-Jordan government an
nounced tonight in Amman.
CAIRO. May 18 (UP)—King Ab
dullah's Arab Legion marched int>
hallowed Bethlehem and the old cit\
area of Jerusalem today. A fight
between Arab and Jewish forces i'ov
the entire Holy City seemed immi
nent.
An official Trans-Jordan an
nouncement of the entry to Jeru
salem said that the Arabs, who now
conti-ol all approaches to the city,
had moved up artillery in prepara
tion for a bombardment of Jewish
areas.
The tough legionnaires, crack
fighting force of the Arab world,
moved into a police post in central
Bethlehem close to the Holy Church
of the Nativity.
After securing their position, the
legionnaires marched five miles
northward into the Jewish quarte:
of the old city area of Jerusalem,
the Trans-Jordan government an
nounced tonight in Amman.
CAIRO. May 18 (UP)—King Ab
dullah's Arab Legion marched int>
hallowed Bethlehem and the old cit\
area of Jerusalem today. A fight
between Arab and Jewish forces i'ov
the entire Holy City seemed immi
nent.
An official Trans-Jordan an
nouncement of the entry to Jeru
salem said that the Arabs, who now
conti-ol all approaches to the city,
had moved up artillery in prepara
tion for a bombardment of Jewish
areas.
The tough legionnaires, crack
fighting force of the Arab world,
moved into a police post in central
Bethlehem close to the Holy Church
of the Nativity.
After securing their position, the
legionnaires marched five miles
northward into the Jewish quarte:
of the old city area of Jerusalem,
the Trans-Jordan government an
nounced tonight in Amman.
CAIRO. May 18 (UP)—King Ab
dullah's Arab Legion marched int>
hallowed Bethlehem and the old cit\
area of Jerusalem today. A fight
between Arab and Jewish forces i'ov
the entire Holy City seemed immi
nent.
An official Trans-Jordan an
nouncement of the entry to Jeru
salem said that the Arabs, who now
conti-ol all approaches to the city,
had moved up artillery in prepara
tion for a bombardment of Jewish
areas.
The tough legionnaires, crack
fighting force of the Arab world,
moved into a police post in central
Bethlehem close to the Holy Church
of the Nativity.
After securing their position, the
legionnaires marched five miles
northward into the Jewish quarte:
of the old city area of Jerusalem,
the Trans-Jordan government an
nounced tonight in Amman.
CAIRO. May 18 (UP)—King Ab
dullah's Arab Legion marched int>
hallowed Bethlehem and the old cit\
area of Jerusalem today. A fight
between Arab and Jewish forces i'ov
the entire Holy City seemed immi
nent.
An official Trans-Jordan an
nouncement of the entry to Jeru
salem said that the Arabs, who now
conti-ol all approaches to the city,
had moved up artillery in prepara
tion for a bombardment of Jewish
areas.
The tough legionnaires, crack
fighting force of the Arab world,
moved into a police post in central
Bethlehem close to the Holy Church
of the Nativity.
After securing their position, the
legionnaires marched five miles
northward into the Jewish quarte:
of the old city area of Jerusalem,
the Trans-Jordan government an
nounced tonight in Amman.
CAIRO. May 18 (UP)—King Ab
dullah's Arab Legion marched int>
hallowed Bethlehem and the old cit\
area of Jerusalem today. A fight
between Arab and Jewish forces i'ov
the entire Holy City seemed immi
nent.
An official Trans-Jordan an
nouncement of the entry to Jeru
salem said that the Arabs, who now
conti-ol all approaches to the city,
had moved up artillery in prepara
tion for a bombardment of Jewish
areas.
The tough legionnaires, crack
fighting force of the Arab world,
moved into a police post in central
Bethlehem close to the Holy Church
of the Nativity.
After securing their position, the
legionnaires marched five miles
northward into the Jewish quarte:
of the old city area of Jerusalem,
the Trans-Jordan government an
nounced tonight in Amman.
CAIRO. May 18 (UP)—King Ab
dullah's Arab Legion marched int>
hallowed Bethlehem and the old cit\
area of Jerusalem today. A fight
between Arab and Jewish forces i'ov
the entire Holy City seemed immi
nent.
An official Trans-Jordan an
nouncement of the entry to Jeru
salem said that the Arabs, who now
conti-ol all approaches to the city,
had moved up artillery in prepara
tion for a bombardment of Jewish
areas.
The tough legionnaires, crack
fighting force of the Arab world,
moved into a police post in central
Bethlehem close to the Holy Church
of the Nativity.
After securing their position, the
legionnaires marched five miles
northward into the Jewish quarte:
of the old city area of Jerusalem,
the Trans-Jordan government an
nounced tonight in Amman.
CAIRO. May 18 (UP)—King Ab
dullah's Arab Legion marched int>
hallowed Bethlehem and the old cit\
area of Jerusalem today. A fight
between Arab and Jewish forces i'ov
the entire Holy City seemed immi
nent.
An official Trans-Jordan an
nouncement of the entry to Jeru
salem said that the Arabs, who now
conti-ol all approaches to the city,
had moved up artillery in prepara
tion for a bombardment of Jewish
areas.
The tough legionnaires, crack
fighting force of the Arab world,
moved into a police post in central
Bethlehem close to the Holy Church
of the Nativity.
After securing their position, the
legionnaires marched five miles
northward into the Jewish quarte:
of the old city area of Jerusalem,
the Trans-Jordan government an
nounced tonight in Amman.
CAIRO. May 18 (UP)—King Ab
dullah's Arab Legion marched int>
hallowed Bethlehem and the old cit\
area of Jerusalem today. A fight
between Arab and Jewish forces i'ov
the entire Holy City seemed immi
nent.
An official Trans-Jordan an
nouncement of the entry to Jeru
salem said that the Arabs, who now
conti-ol all approaches to the city,
had moved up artillery in prepara
tion for a bombardment of Jewish
areas.
The tough legionnaires, crack
fighting force of the Arab world,
moved into a police post in central
Bethlehem close to the Holy Church
of the Nativity.
After securing their position, the
legionnaires marched five miles
northward into the Jewish quarte:
of the old city area of Jerusalem,
the Trans-Jordan government an
nounced tonight in Amman.
CAIRO. May 18 (UP)—King Ab
dullah's Arab Legion marched int>
hallowed Bethlehem and the old cit\
area of Jerusalem today. A fight
between Arab and Jewish forces i'ov
the entire Holy City seemed immi
nent.
An official Trans-Jordan an
nouncement of the entry to Jeru
salem said that the Arabs, who now
conti-ol all approaches to the city,
had moved up artillery in prepara
tion for a bombardment of Jewish
areas.
The tough legionnaires, crack
fighting force of the Arab world,
moved into a police post in central
Bethlehem close to the Holy Church
of the Nativity.
After securing their position, the
legionnaires marched five miles
northward into the Jewish quarte:
of the old city area of Jerusalem,
the Trans-Jordan government an
nounced tonight in Amman.
CAIRO. May 18 (UP)—King Ab
dullah's Arab Legion marched int>
hallowed Bethlehem and the old cit\
area of Jerusalem today. A fight
between Arab and Jewish forces i'ov
the entire Holy City seemed immi
nent.
An official Trans-Jordan an
nouncement of the entry to Jeru
salem said that the Arabs, who now
conti-ol all approaches to the city,
had moved up artillery in prepara
tion for a bombardment of Jewish
areas.
The tough legionnaires, crack
fighting force of the Arab world,
moved into a police post in central
Bethlehem close to the Holy Church
of the Nativity.
After securing their position, the
legionnaires marched five miles
northward into the Jewish quarte:
of the old city area of Jerusalem,
the Trans-Jordan government an
nounced tonight in Amman.
CAIRO. May 18 (UP)—King Ab
dullah's Arab Legion marched int>
hallowed Bethlehem and the old cit\
area of Jerusalem today. A fight
between Arab and Jewish forces i'ov
the entire Holy City seemed immi
nent.
An official Trans-Jordan an
nouncement of the entry to Jeru
salem said that the Arabs, who now
conti-ol all approaches to the city,
had moved up artillery in prepara
tion for a bombardment of Jewish
areas.
The tough legionnaires, crack
fighting force of the Arab world,
moved into a police post in central
Bethlehem close to the Holy Church
of the Nativity.
After securing their position, the
legionnaires marched five miles
northward into the Jewish quarte:
of the old city area of Jerusalem,
the Trans-Jordan government an
nounced tonight in Amman.
CAIRO. May 18 (UP)—King Ab
dullah's Arab Legion marched int>
hallowed Bethlehem and the old cit\
area of Jerusalem today. A fight
between Arab and Jewish forces i'ov
the entire Holy City seemed immi
nent.
An official Trans-Jordan an
nouncement of the entry to Jeru
salem said that the Arabs, who now
conti-ol all approaches to the city,
had moved up artillery in prepara
tion for a bombardment of Jewish
areas.
The tough legionnaires, crack
fighting force of the Arab world,
moved into a police post in central
Bethlehem close to the Holy Church
of the Nativity.
After securing their position, the
legionnaires marched five miles
northward into the Jewish quarte:
of the old city area of Jerusalem,
the Trans-Jordan government an
nounced tonight in Amman.
CAIRO. May 18 (UP)—King Ab
dullah's Arab Legion marched int>
hallowed Bethlehem and the old cit\
area of Jerusalem today. A fight
between Arab and Jewish forces i'ov
the entire Holy City seemed immi
nent.
An official Trans-Jordan an
nouncement of the entry to Jeru
salem said that the Arabs, who now
conti-ol all approaches to the city,
had moved up artillery in prepara
tion for a bombardment of Jewish
areas.
The tough legionnaires, crack
fighting force of the Arab world,
moved into a police post in central
Bethlehem close to the Holy Church
of the Nativity.
After securing their position, the
legionnaires marched five miles
northward into the Jewish quarte:
of the old city area of Jerusalem,
the Trans-Jordan government an
nounced tonight in Amman.
