# Women's Sponsors Needed for Summer
## 
### 
Applications for sponsoring in
women's dormitories for summer
quarter may be picked up and
turned in today and tomorrow in
the ASSU office, Phyl Sutherland,
president of Women's Conference,
said yesterday.
Junior and senior women may
apply.
Applications for sponsoring in
women's dormitories for summer
quarter may be picked up and
turned in today and tomorrow in
the ASSU office, Phyl Sutherland,
president of Women's Conference,
said yesterday.
Junior and senior women may
apply.
Applications for sponsoring in
women's dormitories for summer
quarter may be picked up and
turned in today and tomorrow in
the ASSU office, Phyl Sutherland,
president of Women's Conference,
said yesterday.
Junior and senior women may
apply.
Applications for sponsoring in
women's dormitories for summer
quarter may be picked up and
turned in today and tomorrow in
the ASSU office, Phyl Sutherland,
president of Women's Conference,
said yesterday.
Junior and senior women may
apply.
Applications for sponsoring in
women's dormitories for summer
quarter may be picked up and
turned in today and tomorrow in
the ASSU office, Phyl Sutherland,
president of Women's Conference,
said yesterday.
Junior and senior women may
apply.
Applications for sponsoring in
women's dormitories for summer
quarter may be picked up and
turned in today and tomorrow in
the ASSU office, Phyl Sutherland,
president of Women's Conference,
said yesterday.
Junior and senior women may
apply.
Applications for sponsoring in
women's dormitories for summer
quarter may be picked up and
turned in today and tomorrow in
the ASSU office, Phyl Sutherland,
president of Women's Conference,
said yesterday.
Junior and senior women may
apply.
Applications for sponsoring in
women's dormitories for summer
quarter may be picked up and
turned in today and tomorrow in
the ASSU office, Phyl Sutherland,
president of Women's Conference,
said yesterday.
Junior and senior women may
apply.
Applications for sponsoring in
women's dormitories for summer
quarter may be picked up and
turned in today and tomorrow in
the ASSU office, Phyl Sutherland,
president of Women's Conference,
said yesterday.
Junior and senior women may
apply.
Applications for sponsoring in
women's dormitories for summer
quarter may be picked up and
turned in today and tomorrow in
the ASSU office, Phyl Sutherland,
president of Women's Conference,
said yesterday.
Junior and senior women may
apply.
Applications for sponsoring in
women's dormitories for summer
quarter may be picked up and
turned in today and tomorrow in
the ASSU office, Phyl Sutherland,
president of Women's Conference,
said yesterday.
Junior and senior women may
apply.
Applications for sponsoring in
women's dormitories for summer
quarter may be picked up and
turned in today and tomorrow in
the ASSU office, Phyl Sutherland,
president of Women's Conference,
said yesterday.
Junior and senior women may
apply.
Applications for sponsoring in
women's dormitories for summer
quarter may be picked up and
turned in today and tomorrow in
the ASSU office, Phyl Sutherland,
president of Women's Conference,
said yesterday.
Junior and senior women may
apply.
Applications for sponsoring in
women's dormitories for summer
quarter may be picked up and
turned in today and tomorrow in
the ASSU office, Phyl Sutherland,
president of Women's Conference,
said yesterday.
Junior and senior women may
apply.
Applications for sponsoring in
women's dormitories for summer
quarter may be picked up and
turned in today and tomorrow in
the ASSU office, Phyl Sutherland,
president of Women's Conference,
said yesterday.
Junior and senior women may
apply.
