# Adv. 34 Page 12
## 
### 
Commonly
Unbearable.
Dangerously
Believable,
Subsequently
Fatal.
#1 Cause of Suicide
UNTRfATfD
DEPRESSION
http://www.save.org
HIGH IQ
EGG DONOR
NEEDED
Infertile couple needs your
help. If you're 21-29, N/S,
N I), medium height, small
or medium build, have a
strong educational
background, mostly
N. European heritage, and
good eyesight, please call
I Gorton, Nurse Atty.
415-455-4626.
15,000 + costs.
Commonly
Unbearable.
Dangerously
Believable,
Subsequently
Fatal.
#1 Cause of Suicide
UNTRfATfD
DEPRESSION
http://www.save.org
HIGH IQ
EGG DONOR
NEEDED
Infertile couple needs your
help. If you're 21-29, N/S,
N I), medium height, small
or medium build, have a
strong educational
background, mostly
N. European heritage, and
good eyesight, please call
I Gorton, Nurse Atty.
415-455-4626.
15,000 + costs.
Commonly
Unbearable.
Dangerously
Believable,
Subsequently
Fatal.
#1 Cause of Suicide
UNTRfATfD
DEPRESSION
http://www.save.org
HIGH IQ
EGG DONOR
NEEDED
Infertile couple needs your
help. If you're 21-29, N/S,
N I), medium height, small
or medium build, have a
strong educational
background, mostly
N. European heritage, and
good eyesight, please call
I Gorton, Nurse Atty.
415-455-4626.
15,000 + costs.
Commonly
Unbearable.
Dangerously
Believable,
Subsequently
Fatal.
#1 Cause of Suicide
UNTRfATfD
DEPRESSION
http://www.save.org
HIGH IQ
EGG DONOR
NEEDED
Infertile couple needs your
help. If you're 21-29, N/S,
N I), medium height, small
or medium build, have a
strong educational
background, mostly
N. European heritage, and
good eyesight, please call
I Gorton, Nurse Atty.
415-455-4626.
15,000 + costs.
Commonly
Unbearable.
Dangerously
Believable,
Subsequently
Fatal.
#1 Cause of Suicide
UNTRfATfD
DEPRESSION
http://www.save.org
HIGH IQ
EGG DONOR
NEEDED
Infertile couple needs your
help. If you're 21-29, N/S,
N I), medium height, small
or medium build, have a
strong educational
background, mostly
N. European heritage, and
good eyesight, please call
I Gorton, Nurse Atty.
415-455-4626.
15,000 + costs.
