# S.P. Will Require Coach Reservations
## 
### 
Advance reservations will be re
quired for Southern Pacific coach
trips on and after July 16. This new
arrangement does not apply to trains
between San Jose and the Bay Area.
The reservations, which have to be
made in person, will be made for
definite trains, but not for specific
cars or seats, except where previous
ly required. Although service men
will be required to make advance
reservations.
Advance reservations will be re
quired for Southern Pacific coach
trips on and after July 16. This new
arrangement does not apply to trains
between San Jose and the Bay Area.
The reservations, which have to be
made in person, will be made for
definite trains, but not for specific
cars or seats, except where previous
ly required. Although service men
will be required to make advance
reservations.
Advance reservations will be re
quired for Southern Pacific coach
trips on and after July 16. This new
arrangement does not apply to trains
between San Jose and the Bay Area.
The reservations, which have to be
made in person, will be made for
definite trains, but not for specific
cars or seats, except where previous
ly required. Although service men
will be required to make advance
reservations.
Advance reservations will be re
quired for Southern Pacific coach
trips on and after July 16. This new
arrangement does not apply to trains
between San Jose and the Bay Area.
The reservations, which have to be
made in person, will be made for
definite trains, but not for specific
cars or seats, except where previous
ly required. Although service men
will be required to make advance
reservations.
Advance reservations will be re
quired for Southern Pacific coach
trips on and after July 16. This new
arrangement does not apply to trains
between San Jose and the Bay Area.
The reservations, which have to be
made in person, will be made for
definite trains, but not for specific
cars or seats, except where previous
ly required. Although service men
will be required to make advance
reservations.
Advance reservations will be re
quired for Southern Pacific coach
trips on and after July 16. This new
arrangement does not apply to trains
between San Jose and the Bay Area.
The reservations, which have to be
made in person, will be made for
definite trains, but not for specific
cars or seats, except where previous
ly required. Although service men
will be required to make advance
reservations.
Advance reservations will be re
quired for Southern Pacific coach
trips on and after July 16. This new
arrangement does not apply to trains
between San Jose and the Bay Area.
The reservations, which have to be
made in person, will be made for
definite trains, but not for specific
cars or seats, except where previous
ly required. Although service men
will be required to make advance
reservations.
Advance reservations will be re
quired for Southern Pacific coach
trips on and after July 16. This new
arrangement does not apply to trains
between San Jose and the Bay Area.
The reservations, which have to be
made in person, will be made for
definite trains, but not for specific
cars or seats, except where previous
ly required. Although service men
will be required to make advance
reservations.
Advance reservations will be re
quired for Southern Pacific coach
trips on and after July 16. This new
arrangement does not apply to trains
between San Jose and the Bay Area.
The reservations, which have to be
made in person, will be made for
definite trains, but not for specific
cars or seats, except where previous
ly required. Although service men
will be required to make advance
reservations.
Advance reservations will be re
quired for Southern Pacific coach
trips on and after July 16. This new
arrangement does not apply to trains
between San Jose and the Bay Area.
The reservations, which have to be
made in person, will be made for
definite trains, but not for specific
cars or seats, except where previous
ly required. Although service men
will be required to make advance
reservations.
Advance reservations will be re
quired for Southern Pacific coach
trips on and after July 16. This new
arrangement does not apply to trains
between San Jose and the Bay Area.
The reservations, which have to be
made in person, will be made for
definite trains, but not for specific
cars or seats, except where previous
ly required. Although service men
will be required to make advance
reservations.
Advance reservations will be re
quired for Southern Pacific coach
trips on and after July 16. This new
arrangement does not apply to trains
between San Jose and the Bay Area.
The reservations, which have to be
made in person, will be made for
definite trains, but not for specific
cars or seats, except where previous
ly required. Although service men
will be required to make advance
reservations.
Advance reservations will be re
quired for Southern Pacific coach
trips on and after July 16. This new
arrangement does not apply to trains
between San Jose and the Bay Area.
The reservations, which have to be
made in person, will be made for
definite trains, but not for specific
cars or seats, except where previous
ly required. Although service men
will be required to make advance
reservations.
Advance reservations will be re
quired for Southern Pacific coach
trips on and after July 16. This new
arrangement does not apply to trains
between San Jose and the Bay Area.
The reservations, which have to be
made in person, will be made for
definite trains, but not for specific
cars or seats, except where previous
ly required. Although service men
will be required to make advance
reservations.
Advance reservations will be re
quired for Southern Pacific coach
trips on and after July 16. This new
arrangement does not apply to trains
between San Jose and the Bay Area.
The reservations, which have to be
made in person, will be made for
definite trains, but not for specific
cars or seats, except where previous
ly required. Although service men
will be required to make advance
reservations.
Advance reservations will be re
quired for Southern Pacific coach
trips on and after July 16. This new
arrangement does not apply to trains
between San Jose and the Bay Area.
The reservations, which have to be
made in person, will be made for
definite trains, but not for specific
cars or seats, except where previous
ly required. Although service men
will be required to make advance
reservations.
Advance reservations will be re
quired for Southern Pacific coach
trips on and after July 16. This new
arrangement does not apply to trains
between San Jose and the Bay Area.
The reservations, which have to be
made in person, will be made for
definite trains, but not for specific
cars or seats, except where previous
ly required. Although service men
will be required to make advance
reservations.
