# Psych Trainees Take 29 Hours
## 
### Jane Donald 
The personnel psychology training
group of the ASTU, under the direc
tion of Dr. Paul R. Farnsworth, pro
fessor of psychology, includes 109
soldiers, nine more than its quota.
These soldiers, along with those in
the European Language and Area
group, compose Company F.
The men take 29 hours of classes,
besides five hours of military train
ing and six hours of gym. Included
in the 29 hours of class are the fol
lowing courses: statistics, 9 hours;
tests and measurements, 9 hours;
occupational and vocational psychol
ogy, 9 hours; and social psychology,
2 hours.
The soldiers in this school have
widely divergent backgrounds. A
number are college graduates; sev
eral have earned their master's de
grees. However, the minimum re
quirements are three college courses
in psychology, a year of college
mathematics, and a certain intelli
gence quotient.
The psychology department has
expanded to the rear part of the
Quad office, which is now known as
the Psychology Annex. This annex
will be used next quarter with re
movable booths in connection with
an interview course.
The personnel psychology training
group of the ASTU, under the direc
tion of Dr. Paul R. Farnsworth, pro
fessor of psychology, includes 109
soldiers, nine more than its quota.
These soldiers, along with those in
the European Language and Area
group, compose Company F.
The men take 29 hours of classes,
besides five hours of military train
ing and six hours of gym. Included
in the 29 hours of class are the fol
lowing courses: statistics, 9 hours;
tests and measurements, 9 hours;
occupational and vocational psychol
ogy, 9 hours; and social psychology,
2 hours.
The soldiers in this school have
widely divergent backgrounds. A
number are college graduates; sev
eral have earned their master's de
grees. However, the minimum re
quirements are three college courses
in psychology, a year of college
mathematics, and a certain intelli
gence quotient.
The psychology department has
expanded to the rear part of the
Quad office, which is now known as
the Psychology Annex. This annex
will be used next quarter with re
movable booths in connection with
an interview course.
The personnel psychology training
group of the ASTU, under the direc
tion of Dr. Paul R. Farnsworth, pro
fessor of psychology, includes 109
soldiers, nine more than its quota.
These soldiers, along with those in
the European Language and Area
group, compose Company F.
The men take 29 hours of classes,
besides five hours of military train
ing and six hours of gym. Included
in the 29 hours of class are the fol
lowing courses: statistics, 9 hours;
tests and measurements, 9 hours;
occupational and vocational psychol
ogy, 9 hours; and social psychology,
2 hours.
The soldiers in this school have
widely divergent backgrounds. A
number are college graduates; sev
eral have earned their master's de
grees. However, the minimum re
quirements are three college courses
in psychology, a year of college
mathematics, and a certain intelli
gence quotient.
The psychology department has
expanded to the rear part of the
Quad office, which is now known as
the Psychology Annex. This annex
will be used next quarter with re
movable booths in connection with
an interview course.
The personnel psychology training
group of the ASTU, under the direc
tion of Dr. Paul R. Farnsworth, pro
fessor of psychology, includes 109
soldiers, nine more than its quota.
These soldiers, along with those in
the European Language and Area
group, compose Company F.
The men take 29 hours of classes,
besides five hours of military train
ing and six hours of gym. Included
in the 29 hours of class are the fol
lowing courses: statistics, 9 hours;
tests and measurements, 9 hours;
occupational and vocational psychol
ogy, 9 hours; and social psychology,
2 hours.
The soldiers in this school have
widely divergent backgrounds. A
number are college graduates; sev
eral have earned their master's de
grees. However, the minimum re
quirements are three college courses
in psychology, a year of college
mathematics, and a certain intelli
gence quotient.
The psychology department has
expanded to the rear part of the
Quad office, which is now known as
the Psychology Annex. This annex
will be used next quarter with re
movable booths in connection with
an interview course.
The personnel psychology training
group of the ASTU, under the direc
tion of Dr. Paul R. Farnsworth, pro
fessor of psychology, includes 109
soldiers, nine more than its quota.
These soldiers, along with those in
the European Language and Area
group, compose Company F.
The men take 29 hours of classes,
besides five hours of military train
ing and six hours of gym. Included
in the 29 hours of class are the fol
lowing courses: statistics, 9 hours;
tests and measurements, 9 hours;
occupational and vocational psychol
ogy, 9 hours; and social psychology,
2 hours.
The soldiers in this school have
widely divergent backgrounds. A
number are college graduates; sev
eral have earned their master's de
grees. However, the minimum re
quirements are three college courses
in psychology, a year of college
mathematics, and a certain intelli
gence quotient.
The psychology department has
expanded to the rear part of the
Quad office, which is now known as
the Psychology Annex. This annex
will be used next quarter with re
movable booths in connection with
an interview course.
The personnel psychology training
group of the ASTU, under the direc
tion of Dr. Paul R. Farnsworth, pro
fessor of psychology, includes 109
soldiers, nine more than its quota.
These soldiers, along with those in
the European Language and Area
group, compose Company F.
The men take 29 hours of classes,
besides five hours of military train
ing and six hours of gym. Included
in the 29 hours of class are the fol
lowing courses: statistics, 9 hours;
tests and measurements, 9 hours;
occupational and vocational psychol
ogy, 9 hours; and social psychology,
2 hours.
The soldiers in this school have
widely divergent backgrounds. A
number are college graduates; sev
eral have earned their master's de
grees. However, the minimum re
quirements are three college courses
in psychology, a year of college
mathematics, and a certain intelli
gence quotient.
The psychology department has
expanded to the rear part of the
Quad office, which is now known as
the Psychology Annex. This annex
will be used next quarter with re
movable booths in connection with
an interview course.
The personnel psychology training
group of the ASTU, under the direc
tion of Dr. Paul R. Farnsworth, pro
fessor of psychology, includes 109
soldiers, nine more than its quota.
These soldiers, along with those in
the European Language and Area
group, compose Company F.
The men take 29 hours of classes,
besides five hours of military train
ing and six hours of gym. Included
in the 29 hours of class are the fol
lowing courses: statistics, 9 hours;
tests and measurements, 9 hours;
occupational and vocational psychol
ogy, 9 hours; and social psychology,
2 hours.
The soldiers in this school have
widely divergent backgrounds. A
number are college graduates; sev
eral have earned their master's de
grees. However, the minimum re
quirements are three college courses
in psychology, a year of college
mathematics, and a certain intelli
gence quotient.
The psychology department has
expanded to the rear part of the
Quad office, which is now known as
the Psychology Annex. This annex
will be used next quarter with re
movable booths in connection with
an interview course.
The personnel psychology training
group of the ASTU, under the direc
tion of Dr. Paul R. Farnsworth, pro
fessor of psychology, includes 109
soldiers, nine more than its quota.
These soldiers, along with those in
the European Language and Area
group, compose Company F.
The men take 29 hours of classes,
besides five hours of military train
ing and six hours of gym. Included
in the 29 hours of class are the fol
lowing courses: statistics, 9 hours;
tests and measurements, 9 hours;
occupational and vocational psychol
ogy, 9 hours; and social psychology,
2 hours.
The soldiers in this school have
widely divergent backgrounds. A
number are college graduates; sev
eral have earned their master's de
grees. However, the minimum re
quirements are three college courses
in psychology, a year of college
mathematics, and a certain intelli
gence quotient.
The psychology department has
expanded to the rear part of the
Quad office, which is now known as
the Psychology Annex. This annex
will be used next quarter with re
movable booths in connection with
an interview course.
The personnel psychology training
group of the ASTU, under the direc
tion of Dr. Paul R. Farnsworth, pro
fessor of psychology, includes 109
soldiers, nine more than its quota.
These soldiers, along with those in
the European Language and Area
group, compose Company F.
The men take 29 hours of classes,
besides five hours of military train
ing and six hours of gym. Included
in the 29 hours of class are the fol
lowing courses: statistics, 9 hours;
tests and measurements, 9 hours;
occupational and vocational psychol
ogy, 9 hours; and social psychology,
2 hours.
The soldiers in this school have
widely divergent backgrounds. A
number are college graduates; sev
eral have earned their master's de
grees. However, the minimum re
quirements are three college courses
in psychology, a year of college
mathematics, and a certain intelli
gence quotient.
The psychology department has
expanded to the rear part of the
Quad office, which is now known as
the Psychology Annex. This annex
will be used next quarter with re
movable booths in connection with
an interview course.
The personnel psychology training
group of the ASTU, under the direc
tion of Dr. Paul R. Farnsworth, pro
fessor of psychology, includes 109
soldiers, nine more than its quota.
These soldiers, along with those in
the European Language and Area
group, compose Company F.
The men take 29 hours of classes,
besides five hours of military train
ing and six hours of gym. Included
in the 29 hours of class are the fol
lowing courses: statistics, 9 hours;
tests and measurements, 9 hours;
occupational and vocational psychol
ogy, 9 hours; and social psychology,
2 hours.
The soldiers in this school have
widely divergent backgrounds. A
number are college graduates; sev
eral have earned their master's de
grees. However, the minimum re
quirements are three college courses
in psychology, a year of college
mathematics, and a certain intelli
gence quotient.
The psychology department has
expanded to the rear part of the
Quad office, which is now known as
the Psychology Annex. This annex
will be used next quarter with re
movable booths in connection with
an interview course.
The personnel psychology training
group of the ASTU, under the direc
tion of Dr. Paul R. Farnsworth, pro
fessor of psychology, includes 109
soldiers, nine more than its quota.
These soldiers, along with those in
the European Language and Area
group, compose Company F.
The men take 29 hours of classes,
besides five hours of military train
ing and six hours of gym. Included
in the 29 hours of class are the fol
lowing courses: statistics, 9 hours;
tests and measurements, 9 hours;
occupational and vocational psychol
ogy, 9 hours; and social psychology,
2 hours.
The soldiers in this school have
widely divergent backgrounds. A
number are college graduates; sev
eral have earned their master's de
grees. However, the minimum re
quirements are three college courses
in psychology, a year of college
mathematics, and a certain intelli
gence quotient.
The psychology department has
expanded to the rear part of the
Quad office, which is now known as
the Psychology Annex. This annex
will be used next quarter with re
movable booths in connection with
an interview course.
The personnel psychology training
group of the ASTU, under the direc
tion of Dr. Paul R. Farnsworth, pro
fessor of psychology, includes 109
soldiers, nine more than its quota.
These soldiers, along with those in
the European Language and Area
group, compose Company F.
The men take 29 hours of classes,
besides five hours of military train
ing and six hours of gym. Included
in the 29 hours of class are the fol
lowing courses: statistics, 9 hours;
tests and measurements, 9 hours;
occupational and vocational psychol
ogy, 9 hours; and social psychology,
2 hours.
The soldiers in this school have
widely divergent backgrounds. A
number are college graduates; sev
eral have earned their master's de
grees. However, the minimum re
quirements are three college courses
in psychology, a year of college
mathematics, and a certain intelli
gence quotient.
The psychology department has
expanded to the rear part of the
Quad office, which is now known as
the Psychology Annex. This annex
will be used next quarter with re
movable booths in connection with
an interview course.
The personnel psychology training
group of the ASTU, under the direc
tion of Dr. Paul R. Farnsworth, pro
fessor of psychology, includes 109
soldiers, nine more than its quota.
These soldiers, along with those in
the European Language and Area
group, compose Company F.
The men take 29 hours of classes,
besides five hours of military train
ing and six hours of gym. Included
in the 29 hours of class are the fol
lowing courses: statistics, 9 hours;
tests and measurements, 9 hours;
occupational and vocational psychol
ogy, 9 hours; and social psychology,
2 hours.
The soldiers in this school have
widely divergent backgrounds. A
number are college graduates; sev
eral have earned their master's de
grees. However, the minimum re
quirements are three college courses
in psychology, a year of college
mathematics, and a certain intelli
gence quotient.
The psychology department has
expanded to the rear part of the
Quad office, which is now known as
the Psychology Annex. This annex
will be used next quarter with re
movable booths in connection with
an interview course.
The personnel psychology training
group of the ASTU, under the direc
tion of Dr. Paul R. Farnsworth, pro
fessor of psychology, includes 109
soldiers, nine more than its quota.
These soldiers, along with those in
the European Language and Area
group, compose Company F.
The men take 29 hours of classes,
besides five hours of military train
ing and six hours of gym. Included
in the 29 hours of class are the fol
lowing courses: statistics, 9 hours;
tests and measurements, 9 hours;
occupational and vocational psychol
ogy, 9 hours; and social psychology,
2 hours.
The soldiers in this school have
widely divergent backgrounds. A
number are college graduates; sev
eral have earned their master's de
grees. However, the minimum re
quirements are three college courses
in psychology, a year of college
mathematics, and a certain intelli
gence quotient.
The psychology department has
expanded to the rear part of the
Quad office, which is now known as
the Psychology Annex. This annex
will be used next quarter with re
movable booths in connection with
an interview course.
The personnel psychology training
group of the ASTU, under the direc
tion of Dr. Paul R. Farnsworth, pro
fessor of psychology, includes 109
soldiers, nine more than its quota.
These soldiers, along with those in
the European Language and Area
group, compose Company F.
The men take 29 hours of classes,
besides five hours of military train
ing and six hours of gym. Included
in the 29 hours of class are the fol
lowing courses: statistics, 9 hours;
tests and measurements, 9 hours;
occupational and vocational psychol
ogy, 9 hours; and social psychology,
2 hours.
The soldiers in this school have
widely divergent backgrounds. A
number are college graduates; sev
eral have earned their master's de
grees. However, the minimum re
quirements are three college courses
in psychology, a year of college
mathematics, and a certain intelli
gence quotient.
The psychology department has
expanded to the rear part of the
Quad office, which is now known as
the Psychology Annex. This annex
will be used next quarter with re
movable booths in connection with
an interview course.
The personnel psychology training
group of the ASTU, under the direc
tion of Dr. Paul R. Farnsworth, pro
fessor of psychology, includes 109
soldiers, nine more than its quota.
These soldiers, along with those in
the European Language and Area
group, compose Company F.
The men take 29 hours of classes,
besides five hours of military train
ing and six hours of gym. Included
in the 29 hours of class are the fol
lowing courses: statistics, 9 hours;
tests and measurements, 9 hours;
occupational and vocational psychol
ogy, 9 hours; and social psychology,
2 hours.
The soldiers in this school have
widely divergent backgrounds. A
number are college graduates; sev
eral have earned their master's de
grees. However, the minimum re
quirements are three college courses
in psychology, a year of college
mathematics, and a certain intelli
gence quotient.
The psychology department has
expanded to the rear part of the
Quad office, which is now known as
the Psychology Annex. This annex
will be used next quarter with re
movable booths in connection with
an interview course.
The personnel psychology training
group of the ASTU, under the direc
tion of Dr. Paul R. Farnsworth, pro
fessor of psychology, includes 109
soldiers, nine more than its quota.
These soldiers, along with those in
the European Language and Area
group, compose Company F.
The men take 29 hours of classes,
besides five hours of military train
ing and six hours of gym. Included
in the 29 hours of class are the fol
lowing courses: statistics, 9 hours;
tests and measurements, 9 hours;
occupational and vocational psychol
ogy, 9 hours; and social psychology,
2 hours.
The soldiers in this school have
widely divergent backgrounds. A
number are college graduates; sev
eral have earned their master's de
grees. However, the minimum re
quirements are three college courses
in psychology, a year of college
mathematics, and a certain intelli
gence quotient.
The psychology department has
expanded to the rear part of the
Quad office, which is now known as
the Psychology Annex. This annex
will be used next quarter with re
movable booths in connection with
an interview course.
