# ENTRIES DUE TODAY
## 
### 
Sign-ups for events at the Jun
ior Water Carnival will be ex
tended to 4 p.m. today. A ballot
box for sign-ups will be in front
of the Post Office.
Sign-ups for events at the Jun
ior Water Carnival will be ex
tended to 4 p.m. today. A ballot
box for sign-ups will be in front
of the Post Office.
Sign-ups for events at the Jun
ior Water Carnival will be ex
tended to 4 p.m. today. A ballot
box for sign-ups will be in front
of the Post Office.
Sign-ups for events at the Jun
ior Water Carnival will be ex
tended to 4 p.m. today. A ballot
box for sign-ups will be in front
of the Post Office.
Sign-ups for events at the Jun
ior Water Carnival will be ex
tended to 4 p.m. today. A ballot
box for sign-ups will be in front
of the Post Office.
Sign-ups for events at the Jun
ior Water Carnival will be ex
tended to 4 p.m. today. A ballot
box for sign-ups will be in front
of the Post Office.
Sign-ups for events at the Jun
ior Water Carnival will be ex
tended to 4 p.m. today. A ballot
box for sign-ups will be in front
of the Post Office.
Sign-ups for events at the Jun
ior Water Carnival will be ex
tended to 4 p.m. today. A ballot
box for sign-ups will be in front
of the Post Office.
Sign-ups for events at the Jun
ior Water Carnival will be ex
tended to 4 p.m. today. A ballot
box for sign-ups will be in front
of the Post Office.
Sign-ups for events at the Jun
ior Water Carnival will be ex
tended to 4 p.m. today. A ballot
box for sign-ups will be in front
of the Post Office.
Sign-ups for events at the Jun
ior Water Carnival will be ex
tended to 4 p.m. today. A ballot
box for sign-ups will be in front
of the Post Office.
Sign-ups for events at the Jun
ior Water Carnival will be ex
tended to 4 p.m. today. A ballot
box for sign-ups will be in front
of the Post Office.
Sign-ups for events at the Jun
ior Water Carnival will be ex
tended to 4 p.m. today. A ballot
box for sign-ups will be in front
of the Post Office.
Sign-ups for events at the Jun
ior Water Carnival will be ex
tended to 4 p.m. today. A ballot
box for sign-ups will be in front
of the Post Office.
