# Cavalcade to Be Staged by UWF
## 
### 
In order to impress upon the
President and Congress the interest
and concern of young people over
world order, the Stanford chapter of
the United World Federalists is or
ganizing a car cavalcade to Wash
ington to present a petition signed
by thousands of high school and
college students for a world gov
ernment.
The plans will be discussed at a
meeting open to all who may be
interested at 7:30 this evening in
the Women's Clubhouse. Mrs. Allan
Cranston will speak on the resolu
tion recently passed by the Califor
nia State Legislature to call for an
amendment to the United States
Constitution to permit the United
States' entry into a world govern
ment.
