# Briefly
## 
### 
Zoo call
The gang at KZSU is holding its
quarterly Zoo call for anyone in
terested in joining the staff of the
campus radio station. The winter
quarter organizational meeting will
be held tonight at 7:30 in Bishop
Auditorium. All interested students
are welcome.
Staff lunch
Should old aquaintence be forgot,
come to the staff lunch on Thursday
at noon to remember them. And if
you want a memory boost early — by
the way we are a little short of staffers
this week — come by even sooner to
chat and work. We have a little pres
ent in which to hold your coffee.
Spring fling
We're making a list and checking it
twice, gonna find out who's got edi
torial designs. Spring volume is just
around the corner and Julie, Richard
and Joan are holding meetings be
ginning today to talk to staffers and
anyone interested in working for the
next volume. Come by the office sign
up on the schedule.
Zoo call
The gang at KZSU is holding its
quarterly Zoo call for anyone in
terested in joining the staff of the
campus radio station. The winter
quarter organizational meeting will
be held tonight at 7:30 in Bishop
Auditorium. All interested students
are welcome.
Staff lunch
Should old aquaintence be forgot,
come to the staff lunch on Thursday
at noon to remember them. And if
you want a memory boost early — by
the way we are a little short of staffers
this week — come by even sooner to
chat and work. We have a little pres
ent in which to hold your coffee.
Spring fling
We're making a list and checking it
twice, gonna find out who's got edi
torial designs. Spring volume is just
around the corner and Julie, Richard
and Joan are holding meetings be
ginning today to talk to staffers and
anyone interested in working for the
next volume. Come by the office sign
up on the schedule.
Zoo call
The gang at KZSU is holding its
quarterly Zoo call for anyone in
terested in joining the staff of the
campus radio station. The winter
quarter organizational meeting will
be held tonight at 7:30 in Bishop
Auditorium. All interested students
are welcome.
Staff lunch
Should old aquaintence be forgot,
come to the staff lunch on Thursday
at noon to remember them. And if
you want a memory boost early — by
the way we are a little short of staffers
this week — come by even sooner to
chat and work. We have a little pres
ent in which to hold your coffee.
Spring fling
We're making a list and checking it
twice, gonna find out who's got edi
torial designs. Spring volume is just
around the corner and Julie, Richard
and Joan are holding meetings be
ginning today to talk to staffers and
anyone interested in working for the
next volume. Come by the office sign
up on the schedule.
Zoo call
The gang at KZSU is holding its
quarterly Zoo call for anyone in
terested in joining the staff of the
campus radio station. The winter
quarter organizational meeting will
be held tonight at 7:30 in Bishop
Auditorium. All interested students
are welcome.
Staff lunch
Should old aquaintence be forgot,
come to the staff lunch on Thursday
at noon to remember them. And if
you want a memory boost early — by
the way we are a little short of staffers
this week — come by even sooner to
chat and work. We have a little pres
ent in which to hold your coffee.
Spring fling
We're making a list and checking it
twice, gonna find out who's got edi
torial designs. Spring volume is just
around the corner and Julie, Richard
and Joan are holding meetings be
ginning today to talk to staffers and
anyone interested in working for the
next volume. Come by the office sign
up on the schedule.
Zoo call
The gang at KZSU is holding its
quarterly Zoo call for anyone in
terested in joining the staff of the
campus radio station. The winter
quarter organizational meeting will
be held tonight at 7:30 in Bishop
Auditorium. All interested students
are welcome.
Staff lunch
Should old aquaintence be forgot,
come to the staff lunch on Thursday
at noon to remember them. And if
you want a memory boost early — by
the way we are a little short of staffers
this week — come by even sooner to
chat and work. We have a little pres
ent in which to hold your coffee.
Spring fling
We're making a list and checking it
twice, gonna find out who's got edi
torial designs. Spring volume is just
around the corner and Julie, Richard
and Joan are holding meetings be
ginning today to talk to staffers and
anyone interested in working for the
next volume. Come by the office sign
up on the schedule.
Zoo call
The gang at KZSU is holding its
quarterly Zoo call for anyone in
terested in joining the staff of the
campus radio station. The winter
quarter organizational meeting will
be held tonight at 7:30 in Bishop
Auditorium. All interested students
are welcome.
Staff lunch
Should old aquaintence be forgot,
come to the staff lunch on Thursday
at noon to remember them. And if
you want a memory boost early — by
the way we are a little short of staffers
this week — come by even sooner to
chat and work. We have a little pres
ent in which to hold your coffee.
Spring fling
We're making a list and checking it
twice, gonna find out who's got edi
torial designs. Spring volume is just
around the corner and Julie, Richard
and Joan are holding meetings be
ginning today to talk to staffers and
anyone interested in working for the
next volume. Come by the office sign
up on the schedule.
Zoo call
The gang at KZSU is holding its
quarterly Zoo call for anyone in
terested in joining the staff of the
campus radio station. The winter
quarter organizational meeting will
be held tonight at 7:30 in Bishop
Auditorium. All interested students
are welcome.
Staff lunch
Should old aquaintence be forgot,
come to the staff lunch on Thursday
at noon to remember them. And if
you want a memory boost early — by
the way we are a little short of staffers
this week — come by even sooner to
chat and work. We have a little pres
ent in which to hold your coffee.
Spring fling
We're making a list and checking it
twice, gonna find out who's got edi
torial designs. Spring volume is just
around the corner and Julie, Richard
and Joan are holding meetings be
ginning today to talk to staffers and
anyone interested in working for the
next volume. Come by the office sign
up on the schedule.
Zoo call
The gang at KZSU is holding its
quarterly Zoo call for anyone in
terested in joining the staff of the
campus radio station. The winter
quarter organizational meeting will
be held tonight at 7:30 in Bishop
Auditorium. All interested students
are welcome.
Staff lunch
Should old aquaintence be forgot,
come to the staff lunch on Thursday
at noon to remember them. And if
you want a memory boost early — by
the way we are a little short of staffers
this week — come by even sooner to
chat and work. We have a little pres
ent in which to hold your coffee.
Spring fling
We're making a list and checking it
twice, gonna find out who's got edi
torial designs. Spring volume is just
around the corner and Julie, Richard
and Joan are holding meetings be
ginning today to talk to staffers and
anyone interested in working for the
next volume. Come by the office sign
up on the schedule.
Zoo call
The gang at KZSU is holding its
quarterly Zoo call for anyone in
terested in joining the staff of the
campus radio station. The winter
quarter organizational meeting will
be held tonight at 7:30 in Bishop
Auditorium. All interested students
are welcome.
Staff lunch
Should old aquaintence be forgot,
come to the staff lunch on Thursday
at noon to remember them. And if
you want a memory boost early — by
the way we are a little short of staffers
this week — come by even sooner to
chat and work. We have a little pres
ent in which to hold your coffee.
Spring fling
We're making a list and checking it
twice, gonna find out who's got edi
torial designs. Spring volume is just
around the corner and Julie, Richard
and Joan are holding meetings be
ginning today to talk to staffers and
anyone interested in working for the
next volume. Come by the office sign
up on the schedule.
