# Euphronia, S. J. Teachers College Debate Postponed
## 
### 
The exchange debate between the
Euphronia Society and the San Jose
State Teachers College, scheduled for
Wednesday, has been postponed, because
of the approaching end of the quarter,
until next fall.
The debate was to be held on the sub
ject, "Resolved, That women should be
granted equal smoking rights with men."
Euphronia won the first of the two de
bates with the Teachers College on this
subject last Wednesday.
The exchange debate between the
Euphronia Society and the San Jose
State Teachers College, scheduled for
Wednesday, has been postponed, because
of the approaching end of the quarter,
until next fall.
The debate was to be held on the sub
ject, "Resolved, That women should be
granted equal smoking rights with men."
Euphronia won the first of the two de
bates with the Teachers College on this
subject last Wednesday.
The exchange debate between the
Euphronia Society and the San Jose
State Teachers College, scheduled for
Wednesday, has been postponed, because
of the approaching end of the quarter,
until next fall.
The debate was to be held on the sub
ject, "Resolved, That women should be
granted equal smoking rights with men."
Euphronia won the first of the two de
bates with the Teachers College on this
subject last Wednesday.
The exchange debate between the
Euphronia Society and the San Jose
State Teachers College, scheduled for
Wednesday, has been postponed, because
of the approaching end of the quarter,
until next fall.
The debate was to be held on the sub
ject, "Resolved, That women should be
granted equal smoking rights with men."
Euphronia won the first of the two de
bates with the Teachers College on this
subject last Wednesday.
The exchange debate between the
Euphronia Society and the San Jose
State Teachers College, scheduled for
Wednesday, has been postponed, because
of the approaching end of the quarter,
until next fall.
The debate was to be held on the sub
ject, "Resolved, That women should be
granted equal smoking rights with men."
Euphronia won the first of the two de
bates with the Teachers College on this
subject last Wednesday.
The exchange debate between the
Euphronia Society and the San Jose
State Teachers College, scheduled for
Wednesday, has been postponed, because
of the approaching end of the quarter,
until next fall.
The debate was to be held on the sub
ject, "Resolved, That women should be
granted equal smoking rights with men."
Euphronia won the first of the two de
bates with the Teachers College on this
subject last Wednesday.
The exchange debate between the
Euphronia Society and the San Jose
State Teachers College, scheduled for
Wednesday, has been postponed, because
of the approaching end of the quarter,
until next fall.
The debate was to be held on the sub
ject, "Resolved, That women should be
granted equal smoking rights with men."
Euphronia won the first of the two de
bates with the Teachers College on this
subject last Wednesday.
The exchange debate between the
Euphronia Society and the San Jose
State Teachers College, scheduled for
Wednesday, has been postponed, because
of the approaching end of the quarter,
until next fall.
The debate was to be held on the sub
ject, "Resolved, That women should be
granted equal smoking rights with men."
Euphronia won the first of the two de
bates with the Teachers College on this
subject last Wednesday.
The exchange debate between the
Euphronia Society and the San Jose
State Teachers College, scheduled for
Wednesday, has been postponed, because
of the approaching end of the quarter,
until next fall.
The debate was to be held on the sub
ject, "Resolved, That women should be
granted equal smoking rights with men."
Euphronia won the first of the two de
bates with the Teachers College on this
subject last Wednesday.
The exchange debate between the
Euphronia Society and the San Jose
State Teachers College, scheduled for
Wednesday, has been postponed, because
of the approaching end of the quarter,
until next fall.
The debate was to be held on the sub
ject, "Resolved, That women should be
granted equal smoking rights with men."
Euphronia won the first of the two de
bates with the Teachers College on this
subject last Wednesday.
The exchange debate between the
Euphronia Society and the San Jose
State Teachers College, scheduled for
Wednesday, has been postponed, because
of the approaching end of the quarter,
until next fall.
The debate was to be held on the sub
ject, "Resolved, That women should be
granted equal smoking rights with men."
Euphronia won the first of the two de
bates with the Teachers College on this
subject last Wednesday.
The exchange debate between the
Euphronia Society and the San Jose
State Teachers College, scheduled for
Wednesday, has been postponed, because
of the approaching end of the quarter,
until next fall.
The debate was to be held on the sub
ject, "Resolved, That women should be
granted equal smoking rights with men."
Euphronia won the first of the two de
bates with the Teachers College on this
subject last Wednesday.
The exchange debate between the
Euphronia Society and the San Jose
State Teachers College, scheduled for
Wednesday, has been postponed, because
of the approaching end of the quarter,
until next fall.
The debate was to be held on the sub
ject, "Resolved, That women should be
granted equal smoking rights with men."
Euphronia won the first of the two de
bates with the Teachers College on this
subject last Wednesday.
The exchange debate between the
Euphronia Society and the San Jose
State Teachers College, scheduled for
Wednesday, has been postponed, because
of the approaching end of the quarter,
until next fall.
The debate was to be held on the sub
ject, "Resolved, That women should be
granted equal smoking rights with men."
Euphronia won the first of the two de
bates with the Teachers College on this
subject last Wednesday.
The exchange debate between the
Euphronia Society and the San Jose
State Teachers College, scheduled for
Wednesday, has been postponed, because
of the approaching end of the quarter,
until next fall.
The debate was to be held on the sub
ject, "Resolved, That women should be
granted equal smoking rights with men."
Euphronia won the first of the two de
bates with the Teachers College on this
subject last Wednesday.
