# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Public Lectures on Art History.
Beginning with October 28 Dr.
Kriehn will give a course of six
public lectures on Art History.
The object of these lectures is to
give from lantern slide illus
trations the actual effect of the
great master pieces of medieval
architecture and of the art and
civilization of Italy. They will he
held in the chapel, and are in
tended for all interested in art
history. The subjects treated are
as follows: (I) "Early Christian
and romanesque architecture,"
Thursday, October 28; (2) "Gothic
art," Thursday, November 4; (8)
The cities of Northern Italy"; (4-)
Florence the beautiful"; (5) "The
Eternal City"; (6) "Italy of the
South."
Public Lectures on Art History.
Beginning with October 28 Dr.
Kriehn will give a course of six
public lectures on Art History.
The object of these lectures is to
give from lantern slide illus
trations the actual effect of the
great master pieces of medieval
architecture and of the art and
civilization of Italy. They will he
held in the chapel, and are in
tended for all interested in art
history. The subjects treated are
as follows: (I) "Early Christian
and romanesque architecture,"
Thursday, October 28; (2) "Gothic
art," Thursday, November 4; (8)
The cities of Northern Italy"; (4-)
Florence the beautiful"; (5) "The
Eternal City"; (6) "Italy of the
South."
Public Lectures on Art History.
Beginning with October 28 Dr.
Kriehn will give a course of six
public lectures on Art History.
The object of these lectures is to
give from lantern slide illus
trations the actual effect of the
great master pieces of medieval
architecture and of the art and
civilization of Italy. They will he
held in the chapel, and are in
tended for all interested in art
history. The subjects treated are
as follows: (I) "Early Christian
and romanesque architecture,"
Thursday, October 28; (2) "Gothic
art," Thursday, November 4; (8)
The cities of Northern Italy"; (4-)
Florence the beautiful"; (5) "The
Eternal City"; (6) "Italy of the
South."
Public Lectures on Art History.
Beginning with October 28 Dr.
Kriehn will give a course of six
public lectures on Art History.
The object of these lectures is to
give from lantern slide illus
trations the actual effect of the
great master pieces of medieval
architecture and of the art and
civilization of Italy. They will he
held in the chapel, and are in
tended for all interested in art
history. The subjects treated are
as follows: (I) "Early Christian
and romanesque architecture,"
Thursday, October 28; (2) "Gothic
art," Thursday, November 4; (8)
The cities of Northern Italy"; (4-)
Florence the beautiful"; (5) "The
Eternal City"; (6) "Italy of the
South."
Public Lectures on Art History.
Beginning with October 28 Dr.
Kriehn will give a course of six
public lectures on Art History.
The object of these lectures is to
give from lantern slide illus
trations the actual effect of the
great master pieces of medieval
architecture and of the art and
civilization of Italy. They will he
held in the chapel, and are in
tended for all interested in art
history. The subjects treated are
as follows: (I) "Early Christian
and romanesque architecture,"
Thursday, October 28; (2) "Gothic
art," Thursday, November 4; (8)
The cities of Northern Italy"; (4-)
Florence the beautiful"; (5) "The
Eternal City"; (6) "Italy of the
South."
