# Untitled Article
## 
### 
At the next meeting of the Ex
ecutive Committee of the Associated
Students there should come up for
consideration the matter of offering
a prize for the best football song
and also the publication of the
book of college songs. It has been
the custom in former years to offer
a prize of ten dollars for the best
song composed by a student. Some
good songs have been the result of
the competition thus introduced.
The custom should not be dropped
this year and it is desirable that
the prize should be offered at once
so that the musical talent may
begin the work of composing at
once. The publication of the an
nual book of college songs should
be placed in the hands of some re
sponsible person who will see to it
that the book is issued in a reason
able time, so that the songs may be
on sale several weeks before the
game. The duty of providing for
the many small details in connec
tion with the Thanksgiving day
game devolves upon the Executive
Committee and the committee re
ceives the credit or blame for the
success or failure of the various
things it is supposed to look
after.
At the next meeting of the Ex
ecutive Committee of the Associated
Students there should come up for
consideration the matter of offering
a prize for the best football song
and also the publication of the
book of college songs. It has been
the custom in former years to offer
a prize of ten dollars for the best
song composed by a student. Some
good songs have been the result of
the competition thus introduced.
The custom should not be dropped
this year and it is desirable that
the prize should be offered at once
so that the musical talent may
begin the work of composing at
once. The publication of the an
nual book of college songs should
be placed in the hands of some re
sponsible person who will see to it
that the book is issued in a reason
able time, so that the songs may be
on sale several weeks before the
game. The duty of providing for
the many small details in connec
tion with the Thanksgiving day
game devolves upon the Executive
Committee and the committee re
ceives the credit or blame for the
success or failure of the various
things it is supposed to look
after.
At the next meeting of the Ex
ecutive Committee of the Associated
Students there should come up for
consideration the matter of offering
a prize for the best football song
and also the publication of the
book of college songs. It has been
the custom in former years to offer
a prize of ten dollars for the best
song composed by a student. Some
good songs have been the result of
the competition thus introduced.
The custom should not be dropped
this year and it is desirable that
the prize should be offered at once
so that the musical talent may
begin the work of composing at
once. The publication of the an
nual book of college songs should
be placed in the hands of some re
sponsible person who will see to it
that the book is issued in a reason
able time, so that the songs may be
on sale several weeks before the
game. The duty of providing for
the many small details in connec
tion with the Thanksgiving day
game devolves upon the Executive
Committee and the committee re
ceives the credit or blame for the
success or failure of the various
things it is supposed to look
after.
At the next meeting of the Ex
ecutive Committee of the Associated
Students there should come up for
consideration the matter of offering
a prize for the best football song
and also the publication of the
book of college songs. It has been
the custom in former years to offer
a prize of ten dollars for the best
song composed by a student. Some
good songs have been the result of
the competition thus introduced.
The custom should not be dropped
this year and it is desirable that
the prize should be offered at once
so that the musical talent may
begin the work of composing at
once. The publication of the an
nual book of college songs should
be placed in the hands of some re
sponsible person who will see to it
that the book is issued in a reason
able time, so that the songs may be
on sale several weeks before the
game. The duty of providing for
the many small details in connec
tion with the Thanksgiving day
game devolves upon the Executive
Committee and the committee re
ceives the credit or blame for the
success or failure of the various
things it is supposed to look
after.
At the next meeting of the Ex
ecutive Committee of the Associated
Students there should come up for
consideration the matter of offering
a prize for the best football song
and also the publication of the
book of college songs. It has been
the custom in former years to offer
a prize of ten dollars for the best
song composed by a student. Some
good songs have been the result of
the competition thus introduced.
The custom should not be dropped
this year and it is desirable that
the prize should be offered at once
so that the musical talent may
begin the work of composing at
once. The publication of the an
nual book of college songs should
be placed in the hands of some re
sponsible person who will see to it
that the book is issued in a reason
able time, so that the songs may be
on sale several weeks before the
game. The duty of providing for
the many small details in connec
tion with the Thanksgiving day
game devolves upon the Executive
Committee and the committee re
ceives the credit or blame for the
success or failure of the various
things it is supposed to look
after.
