# Deadline Days
## 
### 
Candidates for A.B. and B.S.
degrees at the end of Winter or
Spring quarters may file applica
tions for graduation at the infor
mation office, room 111 A, now.
The deadline for filing for Win
ter quarter degrees is Mar. 1.
Deadline for June degrees is Apr.
2(5.
The deadline for filing petitions
to change Winter quarter final
exmaination schedules is 5 p.m.,
Feb. 23.
Candidates for A.B. and B.S.
degrees at the end of Winter or
Spring quarters may file applica
tions for graduation at the infor
mation office, room 111 A, now.
The deadline for filing for Win
ter quarter degrees is Mar. 1.
Deadline for June degrees is Apr.
2(5.
The deadline for filing petitions
to change Winter quarter final
exmaination schedules is 5 p.m.,
Feb. 23.
Candidates for A.B. and B.S.
degrees at the end of Winter or
Spring quarters may file applica
tions for graduation at the infor
mation office, room 111 A, now.
The deadline for filing for Win
ter quarter degrees is Mar. 1.
Deadline for June degrees is Apr.
2(5.
The deadline for filing petitions
to change Winter quarter final
exmaination schedules is 5 p.m.,
Feb. 23.
Candidates for A.B. and B.S.
degrees at the end of Winter or
Spring quarters may file applica
tions for graduation at the infor
mation office, room 111 A, now.
The deadline for filing for Win
ter quarter degrees is Mar. 1.
Deadline for June degrees is Apr.
2(5.
The deadline for filing petitions
to change Winter quarter final
exmaination schedules is 5 p.m.,
Feb. 23.
Candidates for A.B. and B.S.
degrees at the end of Winter or
Spring quarters may file applica
tions for graduation at the infor
mation office, room 111 A, now.
The deadline for filing for Win
ter quarter degrees is Mar. 1.
Deadline for June degrees is Apr.
2(5.
The deadline for filing petitions
to change Winter quarter final
exmaination schedules is 5 p.m.,
Feb. 23.
Candidates for A.B. and B.S.
degrees at the end of Winter or
Spring quarters may file applica
tions for graduation at the infor
mation office, room 111 A, now.
The deadline for filing for Win
ter quarter degrees is Mar. 1.
Deadline for June degrees is Apr.
2(5.
The deadline for filing petitions
to change Winter quarter final
exmaination schedules is 5 p.m.,
Feb. 23.
Candidates for A.B. and B.S.
degrees at the end of Winter or
Spring quarters may file applica
tions for graduation at the infor
mation office, room 111 A, now.
The deadline for filing for Win
ter quarter degrees is Mar. 1.
Deadline for June degrees is Apr.
2(5.
The deadline for filing petitions
to change Winter quarter final
exmaination schedules is 5 p.m.,
Feb. 23.
Candidates for A.B. and B.S.
degrees at the end of Winter or
Spring quarters may file applica
tions for graduation at the infor
mation office, room 111 A, now.
The deadline for filing for Win
ter quarter degrees is Mar. 1.
Deadline for June degrees is Apr.
2(5.
The deadline for filing petitions
to change Winter quarter final
exmaination schedules is 5 p.m.,
Feb. 23.
Candidates for A.B. and B.S.
degrees at the end of Winter or
Spring quarters may file applica
tions for graduation at the infor
mation office, room 111 A, now.
The deadline for filing for Win
ter quarter degrees is Mar. 1.
Deadline for June degrees is Apr.
2(5.
The deadline for filing petitions
to change Winter quarter final
exmaination schedules is 5 p.m.,
Feb. 23.
Candidates for A.B. and B.S.
degrees at the end of Winter or
Spring quarters may file applica
tions for graduation at the infor
mation office, room 111 A, now.
The deadline for filing for Win
ter quarter degrees is Mar. 1.
Deadline for June degrees is Apr.
2(5.
The deadline for filing petitions
to change Winter quarter final
exmaination schedules is 5 p.m.,
Feb. 23.
Candidates for A.B. and B.S.
degrees at the end of Winter or
Spring quarters may file applica
tions for graduation at the infor
mation office, room 111 A, now.
The deadline for filing for Win
ter quarter degrees is Mar. 1.
Deadline for June degrees is Apr.
2(5.
The deadline for filing petitions
to change Winter quarter final
exmaination schedules is 5 p.m.,
Feb. 23.
Candidates for A.B. and B.S.
degrees at the end of Winter or
Spring quarters may file applica
tions for graduation at the infor
mation office, room 111 A, now.
The deadline for filing for Win
ter quarter degrees is Mar. 1.
Deadline for June degrees is Apr.
2(5.
The deadline for filing petitions
to change Winter quarter final
exmaination schedules is 5 p.m.,
Feb. 23.
Candidates for A.B. and B.S.
degrees at the end of Winter or
Spring quarters may file applica
tions for graduation at the infor
mation office, room 111 A, now.
The deadline for filing for Win
ter quarter degrees is Mar. 1.
Deadline for June degrees is Apr.
2(5.
The deadline for filing petitions
to change Winter quarter final
exmaination schedules is 5 p.m.,
Feb. 23.
Candidates for A.B. and B.S.
degrees at the end of Winter or
Spring quarters may file applica
tions for graduation at the infor
mation office, room 111 A, now.
The deadline for filing for Win
ter quarter degrees is Mar. 1.
Deadline for June degrees is Apr.
2(5.
The deadline for filing petitions
to change Winter quarter final
exmaination schedules is 5 p.m.,
Feb. 23.
Candidates for A.B. and B.S.
degrees at the end of Winter or
Spring quarters may file applica
tions for graduation at the infor
mation office, room 111 A, now.
The deadline for filing for Win
ter quarter degrees is Mar. 1.
Deadline for June degrees is Apr.
2(5.
The deadline for filing petitions
to change Winter quarter final
exmaination schedules is 5 p.m.,
Feb. 23.
Candidates for A.B. and B.S.
degrees at the end of Winter or
Spring quarters may file applica
tions for graduation at the infor
mation office, room 111 A, now.
The deadline for filing for Win
ter quarter degrees is Mar. 1.
Deadline for June degrees is Apr.
2(5.
The deadline for filing petitions
to change Winter quarter final
exmaination schedules is 5 p.m.,
Feb. 23.
Candidates for A.B. and B.S.
degrees at the end of Winter or
Spring quarters may file applica
tions for graduation at the infor
mation office, room 111 A, now.
The deadline for filing for Win
ter quarter degrees is Mar. 1.
Deadline for June degrees is Apr.
2(5.
The deadline for filing petitions
to change Winter quarter final
exmaination schedules is 5 p.m.,
Feb. 23.
