# SU DOCTOR:
## Peru Hearts Provide Clue 
### 
Scientists who want to find the
cause of heart disease should
study the natives of Peru, sug
gested Dr. Herbert Hultgren, as
sociate professor of medicine, in a
paper delivered Monday to the
Western Association of Physi
cians.
."Many of the interesting medi
cal phenomena observed in the
Peruvian Andes undoubtedly will
provide important clues to ihe
basic mechanisms of diseases
seen in our sea level society,"
Dr. Hultgren says.
Dr. Hultgren is a heart spe
cialist who spent a month last
year examining research possibili
ties in the Peruvian Andes. He
and his co-worker, Dr. Spikard
of the University of Washington,
were supported by grants from
the United States Public Health
Service and the Sonoma County
Heart Association.
Certain types of heart and cir
culatory ailments are extremely
rare, the physicians report. They
suggested that two reasons for
this are the hard manual labor,
and the diet high in carbohy
drates and vegetable proteins.
Normal adults and children in
tli(> area have certain physical
characteristics which would be
considered as signs of heart dis
ease if the people lived at sea
level.
Scientists who want to find the
cause of heart disease should
study the natives of Peru, sug
gested Dr. Herbert Hultgren, as
sociate professor of medicine, in a
paper delivered Monday to the
Western Association of Physi
cians.
."Many of the interesting medi
cal phenomena observed in the
Peruvian Andes undoubtedly will
provide important clues to ihe
basic mechanisms of diseases
seen in our sea level society,"
Dr. Hultgren says.
Dr. Hultgren is a heart spe
cialist who spent a month last
year examining research possibili
ties in the Peruvian Andes. He
and his co-worker, Dr. Spikard
of the University of Washington,
were supported by grants from
the United States Public Health
Service and the Sonoma County
Heart Association.
Certain types of heart and cir
culatory ailments are extremely
rare, the physicians report. They
suggested that two reasons for
this are the hard manual labor,
and the diet high in carbohy
drates and vegetable proteins.
Normal adults and children in
tli(> area have certain physical
characteristics which would be
considered as signs of heart dis
ease if the people lived at sea
level.
Scientists who want to find the
cause of heart disease should
study the natives of Peru, sug
gested Dr. Herbert Hultgren, as
sociate professor of medicine, in a
paper delivered Monday to the
Western Association of Physi
cians.
."Many of the interesting medi
cal phenomena observed in the
Peruvian Andes undoubtedly will
provide important clues to ihe
basic mechanisms of diseases
seen in our sea level society,"
Dr. Hultgren says.
Dr. Hultgren is a heart spe
cialist who spent a month last
year examining research possibili
ties in the Peruvian Andes. He
and his co-worker, Dr. Spikard
of the University of Washington,
were supported by grants from
the United States Public Health
Service and the Sonoma County
Heart Association.
Certain types of heart and cir
culatory ailments are extremely
rare, the physicians report. They
suggested that two reasons for
this are the hard manual labor,
and the diet high in carbohy
drates and vegetable proteins.
Normal adults and children in
tli(> area have certain physical
characteristics which would be
considered as signs of heart dis
ease if the people lived at sea
level.
Scientists who want to find the
cause of heart disease should
study the natives of Peru, sug
gested Dr. Herbert Hultgren, as
sociate professor of medicine, in a
paper delivered Monday to the
Western Association of Physi
cians.
."Many of the interesting medi
cal phenomena observed in the
Peruvian Andes undoubtedly will
provide important clues to ihe
basic mechanisms of diseases
seen in our sea level society,"
Dr. Hultgren says.
Dr. Hultgren is a heart spe
cialist who spent a month last
year examining research possibili
ties in the Peruvian Andes. He
and his co-worker, Dr. Spikard
of the University of Washington,
were supported by grants from
the United States Public Health
Service and the Sonoma County
Heart Association.
Certain types of heart and cir
culatory ailments are extremely
rare, the physicians report. They
suggested that two reasons for
this are the hard manual labor,
and the diet high in carbohy
drates and vegetable proteins.
Normal adults and children in
tli(> area have certain physical
characteristics which would be
considered as signs of heart dis
ease if the people lived at sea
level.
Scientists who want to find the
cause of heart disease should
study the natives of Peru, sug
gested Dr. Herbert Hultgren, as
sociate professor of medicine, in a
paper delivered Monday to the
Western Association of Physi
cians.
."Many of the interesting medi
cal phenomena observed in the
Peruvian Andes undoubtedly will
provide important clues to ihe
basic mechanisms of diseases
seen in our sea level society,"
Dr. Hultgren says.
Dr. Hultgren is a heart spe
cialist who spent a month last
year examining research possibili
ties in the Peruvian Andes. He
and his co-worker, Dr. Spikard
of the University of Washington,
were supported by grants from
the United States Public Health
Service and the Sonoma County
Heart Association.
Certain types of heart and cir
culatory ailments are extremely
rare, the physicians report. They
suggested that two reasons for
this are the hard manual labor,
and the diet high in carbohy
drates and vegetable proteins.
Normal adults and children in
tli(> area have certain physical
characteristics which would be
considered as signs of heart dis
ease if the people lived at sea
level.
Scientists who want to find the
cause of heart disease should
study the natives of Peru, sug
gested Dr. Herbert Hultgren, as
sociate professor of medicine, in a
paper delivered Monday to the
Western Association of Physi
cians.
."Many of the interesting medi
cal phenomena observed in the
Peruvian Andes undoubtedly will
provide important clues to ihe
basic mechanisms of diseases
seen in our sea level society,"
Dr. Hultgren says.
Dr. Hultgren is a heart spe
cialist who spent a month last
year examining research possibili
ties in the Peruvian Andes. He
and his co-worker, Dr. Spikard
of the University of Washington,
were supported by grants from
the United States Public Health
Service and the Sonoma County
Heart Association.
Certain types of heart and cir
culatory ailments are extremely
rare, the physicians report. They
suggested that two reasons for
this are the hard manual labor,
and the diet high in carbohy
drates and vegetable proteins.
Normal adults and children in
tli(> area have certain physical
characteristics which would be
considered as signs of heart dis
ease if the people lived at sea
level.
Scientists who want to find the
cause of heart disease should
study the natives of Peru, sug
gested Dr. Herbert Hultgren, as
sociate professor of medicine, in a
paper delivered Monday to the
Western Association of Physi
cians.
."Many of the interesting medi
cal phenomena observed in the
Peruvian Andes undoubtedly will
provide important clues to ihe
basic mechanisms of diseases
seen in our sea level society,"
Dr. Hultgren says.
Dr. Hultgren is a heart spe
cialist who spent a month last
year examining research possibili
ties in the Peruvian Andes. He
and his co-worker, Dr. Spikard
of the University of Washington,
were supported by grants from
the United States Public Health
Service and the Sonoma County
Heart Association.
Certain types of heart and cir
culatory ailments are extremely
rare, the physicians report. They
suggested that two reasons for
this are the hard manual labor,
and the diet high in carbohy
drates and vegetable proteins.
Normal adults and children in
tli(> area have certain physical
characteristics which would be
considered as signs of heart dis
ease if the people lived at sea
level.
Scientists who want to find the
cause of heart disease should
study the natives of Peru, sug
gested Dr. Herbert Hultgren, as
sociate professor of medicine, in a
paper delivered Monday to the
Western Association of Physi
cians.
."Many of the interesting medi
cal phenomena observed in the
Peruvian Andes undoubtedly will
provide important clues to ihe
basic mechanisms of diseases
seen in our sea level society,"
Dr. Hultgren says.
Dr. Hultgren is a heart spe
cialist who spent a month last
year examining research possibili
ties in the Peruvian Andes. He
and his co-worker, Dr. Spikard
of the University of Washington,
were supported by grants from
the United States Public Health
Service and the Sonoma County
Heart Association.
Certain types of heart and cir
culatory ailments are extremely
rare, the physicians report. They
suggested that two reasons for
this are the hard manual labor,
and the diet high in carbohy
drates and vegetable proteins.
Normal adults and children in
tli(> area have certain physical
characteristics which would be
considered as signs of heart dis
ease if the people lived at sea
level.
Scientists who want to find the
cause of heart disease should
study the natives of Peru, sug
gested Dr. Herbert Hultgren, as
sociate professor of medicine, in a
paper delivered Monday to the
Western Association of Physi
cians.
."Many of the interesting medi
cal phenomena observed in the
Peruvian Andes undoubtedly will
provide important clues to ihe
basic mechanisms of diseases
seen in our sea level society,"
Dr. Hultgren says.
Dr. Hultgren is a heart spe
cialist who spent a month last
year examining research possibili
ties in the Peruvian Andes. He
and his co-worker, Dr. Spikard
of the University of Washington,
were supported by grants from
the United States Public Health
Service and the Sonoma County
Heart Association.
Certain types of heart and cir
culatory ailments are extremely
rare, the physicians report. They
suggested that two reasons for
this are the hard manual labor,
and the diet high in carbohy
drates and vegetable proteins.
Normal adults and children in
tli(> area have certain physical
characteristics which would be
considered as signs of heart dis
ease if the people lived at sea
level.
Scientists who want to find the
cause of heart disease should
study the natives of Peru, sug
gested Dr. Herbert Hultgren, as
sociate professor of medicine, in a
paper delivered Monday to the
Western Association of Physi
cians.
."Many of the interesting medi
cal phenomena observed in the
Peruvian Andes undoubtedly will
provide important clues to ihe
basic mechanisms of diseases
seen in our sea level society,"
Dr. Hultgren says.
Dr. Hultgren is a heart spe
cialist who spent a month last
year examining research possibili
ties in the Peruvian Andes. He
and his co-worker, Dr. Spikard
of the University of Washington,
were supported by grants from
the United States Public Health
Service and the Sonoma County
Heart Association.
Certain types of heart and cir
culatory ailments are extremely
rare, the physicians report. They
suggested that two reasons for
this are the hard manual labor,
and the diet high in carbohy
drates and vegetable proteins.
Normal adults and children in
tli(> area have certain physical
characteristics which would be
considered as signs of heart dis
ease if the people lived at sea
level.
Scientists who want to find the
cause of heart disease should
study the natives of Peru, sug
gested Dr. Herbert Hultgren, as
sociate professor of medicine, in a
paper delivered Monday to the
Western Association of Physi
cians.
."Many of the interesting medi
cal phenomena observed in the
Peruvian Andes undoubtedly will
provide important clues to ihe
basic mechanisms of diseases
seen in our sea level society,"
Dr. Hultgren says.
Dr. Hultgren is a heart spe
cialist who spent a month last
year examining research possibili
ties in the Peruvian Andes. He
and his co-worker, Dr. Spikard
of the University of Washington,
were supported by grants from
the United States Public Health
Service and the Sonoma County
Heart Association.
Certain types of heart and cir
culatory ailments are extremely
rare, the physicians report. They
suggested that two reasons for
this are the hard manual labor,
and the diet high in carbohy
drates and vegetable proteins.
Normal adults and children in
tli(> area have certain physical
characteristics which would be
considered as signs of heart dis
ease if the people lived at sea
level.
Scientists who want to find the
cause of heart disease should
study the natives of Peru, sug
gested Dr. Herbert Hultgren, as
sociate professor of medicine, in a
paper delivered Monday to the
Western Association of Physi
cians.
."Many of the interesting medi
cal phenomena observed in the
Peruvian Andes undoubtedly will
provide important clues to ihe
basic mechanisms of diseases
seen in our sea level society,"
Dr. Hultgren says.
Dr. Hultgren is a heart spe
cialist who spent a month last
year examining research possibili
ties in the Peruvian Andes. He
and his co-worker, Dr. Spikard
of the University of Washington,
were supported by grants from
the United States Public Health
Service and the Sonoma County
Heart Association.
Certain types of heart and cir
culatory ailments are extremely
rare, the physicians report. They
suggested that two reasons for
this are the hard manual labor,
and the diet high in carbohy
drates and vegetable proteins.
Normal adults and children in
tli(> area have certain physical
characteristics which would be
considered as signs of heart dis
ease if the people lived at sea
level.
Scientists who want to find the
cause of heart disease should
study the natives of Peru, sug
gested Dr. Herbert Hultgren, as
sociate professor of medicine, in a
paper delivered Monday to the
Western Association of Physi
cians.
."Many of the interesting medi
cal phenomena observed in the
Peruvian Andes undoubtedly will
provide important clues to ihe
basic mechanisms of diseases
seen in our sea level society,"
Dr. Hultgren says.
Dr. Hultgren is a heart spe
cialist who spent a month last
year examining research possibili
ties in the Peruvian Andes. He
and his co-worker, Dr. Spikard
of the University of Washington,
were supported by grants from
the United States Public Health
Service and the Sonoma County
Heart Association.
Certain types of heart and cir
culatory ailments are extremely
rare, the physicians report. They
suggested that two reasons for
this are the hard manual labor,
and the diet high in carbohy
drates and vegetable proteins.
Normal adults and children in
tli(> area have certain physical
characteristics which would be
considered as signs of heart dis
ease if the people lived at sea
level.
Scientists who want to find the
cause of heart disease should
study the natives of Peru, sug
gested Dr. Herbert Hultgren, as
sociate professor of medicine, in a
paper delivered Monday to the
Western Association of Physi
cians.
."Many of the interesting medi
cal phenomena observed in the
Peruvian Andes undoubtedly will
provide important clues to ihe
basic mechanisms of diseases
seen in our sea level society,"
Dr. Hultgren says.
Dr. Hultgren is a heart spe
cialist who spent a month last
year examining research possibili
ties in the Peruvian Andes. He
and his co-worker, Dr. Spikard
of the University of Washington,
were supported by grants from
the United States Public Health
Service and the Sonoma County
Heart Association.
Certain types of heart and cir
culatory ailments are extremely
rare, the physicians report. They
suggested that two reasons for
this are the hard manual labor,
and the diet high in carbohy
drates and vegetable proteins.
Normal adults and children in
tli(> area have certain physical
characteristics which would be
considered as signs of heart dis
ease if the people lived at sea
level.
Scientists who want to find the
cause of heart disease should
study the natives of Peru, sug
gested Dr. Herbert Hultgren, as
sociate professor of medicine, in a
paper delivered Monday to the
Western Association of Physi
cians.
."Many of the interesting medi
cal phenomena observed in the
Peruvian Andes undoubtedly will
provide important clues to ihe
basic mechanisms of diseases
seen in our sea level society,"
Dr. Hultgren says.
Dr. Hultgren is a heart spe
cialist who spent a month last
year examining research possibili
ties in the Peruvian Andes. He
and his co-worker, Dr. Spikard
of the University of Washington,
were supported by grants from
the United States Public Health
Service and the Sonoma County
Heart Association.
Certain types of heart and cir
culatory ailments are extremely
rare, the physicians report. They
suggested that two reasons for
this are the hard manual labor,
and the diet high in carbohy
drates and vegetable proteins.
Normal adults and children in
tli(> area have certain physical
characteristics which would be
considered as signs of heart dis
ease if the people lived at sea
level.
Scientists who want to find the
cause of heart disease should
study the natives of Peru, sug
gested Dr. Herbert Hultgren, as
sociate professor of medicine, in a
paper delivered Monday to the
Western Association of Physi
cians.
."Many of the interesting medi
cal phenomena observed in the
Peruvian Andes undoubtedly will
provide important clues to ihe
basic mechanisms of diseases
seen in our sea level society,"
Dr. Hultgren says.
Dr. Hultgren is a heart spe
cialist who spent a month last
year examining research possibili
ties in the Peruvian Andes. He
and his co-worker, Dr. Spikard
of the University of Washington,
were supported by grants from
the United States Public Health
Service and the Sonoma County
Heart Association.
Certain types of heart and cir
culatory ailments are extremely
rare, the physicians report. They
suggested that two reasons for
this are the hard manual labor,
and the diet high in carbohy
drates and vegetable proteins.
Normal adults and children in
tli(> area have certain physical
characteristics which would be
considered as signs of heart dis
ease if the people lived at sea
level.
Scientists who want to find the
cause of heart disease should
study the natives of Peru, sug
gested Dr. Herbert Hultgren, as
sociate professor of medicine, in a
paper delivered Monday to the
Western Association of Physi
cians.
."Many of the interesting medi
cal phenomena observed in the
Peruvian Andes undoubtedly will
provide important clues to ihe
basic mechanisms of diseases
seen in our sea level society,"
Dr. Hultgren says.
Dr. Hultgren is a heart spe
cialist who spent a month last
year examining research possibili
ties in the Peruvian Andes. He
and his co-worker, Dr. Spikard
of the University of Washington,
were supported by grants from
the United States Public Health
Service and the Sonoma County
Heart Association.
Certain types of heart and cir
culatory ailments are extremely
rare, the physicians report. They
suggested that two reasons for
this are the hard manual labor,
and the diet high in carbohy
drates and vegetable proteins.
Normal adults and children in
tli(> area have certain physical
characteristics which would be
considered as signs of heart dis
ease if the people lived at sea
level.
