# Correction
## 
### 
In the article, "Enviro. Groups
mark Earth Week," published
yesterday. The Daily neglect
ed to state that the "Sustain
able Fisheries Day"event on
Monday was organized and
funded by two off-campus
groups, Oceana and United
Anglers of Southern Califor
nia.
In the article, "iProcrastinate
competes with
Thefacebook.com," published
April 15, The Daily gleaned
most of its facts from an inter
view with Margaret Scott, who
was then an employee of Miami
Merchants, the company that
created the iProcrastinate Web
site. She was unauthorized to
comment or distribute facts to
the media, and is no longer em
ployed by the company. Ac
cordingly, The Daily inaccu
rately reported the number of
users on the site to be 94,309,
when the exact number was un
available. Also, the article stat
ed that the site's user base
hadn't grown significantly when
actually more than 27,000 users
have signed up within the past
week.
In the article, "Enviro. Groups
mark Earth Week," published
yesterday. The Daily neglect
ed to state that the "Sustain
able Fisheries Day"event on
Monday was organized and
funded by two off-campus
groups, Oceana and United
Anglers of Southern Califor
nia.
In the article, "iProcrastinate
competes with
Thefacebook.com," published
April 15, The Daily gleaned
most of its facts from an inter
view with Margaret Scott, who
was then an employee of Miami
Merchants, the company that
created the iProcrastinate Web
site. She was unauthorized to
comment or distribute facts to
the media, and is no longer em
ployed by the company. Ac
cordingly, The Daily inaccu
rately reported the number of
users on the site to be 94,309,
when the exact number was un
available. Also, the article stat
ed that the site's user base
hadn't grown significantly when
actually more than 27,000 users
have signed up within the past
week.
In the article, "Enviro. Groups
mark Earth Week," published
yesterday. The Daily neglect
ed to state that the "Sustain
able Fisheries Day"event on
Monday was organized and
funded by two off-campus
groups, Oceana and United
Anglers of Southern Califor
nia.
In the article, "iProcrastinate
competes with
Thefacebook.com," published
April 15, The Daily gleaned
most of its facts from an inter
view with Margaret Scott, who
was then an employee of Miami
Merchants, the company that
created the iProcrastinate Web
site. She was unauthorized to
comment or distribute facts to
the media, and is no longer em
ployed by the company. Ac
cordingly, The Daily inaccu
rately reported the number of
users on the site to be 94,309,
when the exact number was un
available. Also, the article stat
ed that the site's user base
hadn't grown significantly when
actually more than 27,000 users
have signed up within the past
week.
In the article, "Enviro. Groups
mark Earth Week," published
yesterday. The Daily neglect
ed to state that the "Sustain
able Fisheries Day"event on
Monday was organized and
funded by two off-campus
groups, Oceana and United
Anglers of Southern Califor
nia.
In the article, "iProcrastinate
competes with
Thefacebook.com," published
April 15, The Daily gleaned
most of its facts from an inter
view with Margaret Scott, who
was then an employee of Miami
Merchants, the company that
created the iProcrastinate Web
site. She was unauthorized to
comment or distribute facts to
the media, and is no longer em
ployed by the company. Ac
cordingly, The Daily inaccu
rately reported the number of
users on the site to be 94,309,
when the exact number was un
available. Also, the article stat
ed that the site's user base
hadn't grown significantly when
actually more than 27,000 users
have signed up within the past
week.
In the article, "Enviro. Groups
mark Earth Week," published
yesterday. The Daily neglect
ed to state that the "Sustain
able Fisheries Day"event on
Monday was organized and
funded by two off-campus
groups, Oceana and United
Anglers of Southern Califor
nia.
In the article, "iProcrastinate
competes with
Thefacebook.com," published
April 15, The Daily gleaned
most of its facts from an inter
view with Margaret Scott, who
was then an employee of Miami
Merchants, the company that
created the iProcrastinate Web
site. She was unauthorized to
comment or distribute facts to
the media, and is no longer em
ployed by the company. Ac
cordingly, The Daily inaccu
rately reported the number of
users on the site to be 94,309,
when the exact number was un
available. Also, the article stat
ed that the site's user base
hadn't grown significantly when
actually more than 27,000 users
have signed up within the past
week.
In the article, "Enviro. Groups
mark Earth Week," published
yesterday. The Daily neglect
ed to state that the "Sustain
able Fisheries Day"event on
Monday was organized and
funded by two off-campus
groups, Oceana and United
Anglers of Southern Califor
nia.
In the article, "iProcrastinate
competes with
Thefacebook.com," published
April 15, The Daily gleaned
most of its facts from an inter
view with Margaret Scott, who
was then an employee of Miami
Merchants, the company that
created the iProcrastinate Web
site. She was unauthorized to
comment or distribute facts to
the media, and is no longer em
ployed by the company. Ac
cordingly, The Daily inaccu
rately reported the number of
users on the site to be 94,309,
when the exact number was un
available. Also, the article stat
ed that the site's user base
hadn't grown significantly when
actually more than 27,000 users
have signed up within the past
week.
In the article, "Enviro. Groups
mark Earth Week," published
yesterday. The Daily neglect
ed to state that the "Sustain
able Fisheries Day"event on
Monday was organized and
funded by two off-campus
groups, Oceana and United
Anglers of Southern Califor
nia.
In the article, "iProcrastinate
competes with
Thefacebook.com," published
April 15, The Daily gleaned
most of its facts from an inter
view with Margaret Scott, who
was then an employee of Miami
Merchants, the company that
created the iProcrastinate Web
site. She was unauthorized to
comment or distribute facts to
the media, and is no longer em
ployed by the company. Ac
cordingly, The Daily inaccu
rately reported the number of
users on the site to be 94,309,
when the exact number was un
available. Also, the article stat
ed that the site's user base
hadn't grown significantly when
actually more than 27,000 users
have signed up within the past
week.
