# PHI PSI PLEDGE
## 
### 
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Tom Wilson, '41 to
Phi Kappa Psi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Tom Wilson, '41 to
Phi Kappa Psi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Tom Wilson, '41 to
Phi Kappa Psi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Tom Wilson, '41 to
Phi Kappa Psi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Tom Wilson, '41 to
Phi Kappa Psi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Tom Wilson, '41 to
Phi Kappa Psi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Tom Wilson, '41 to
Phi Kappa Psi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Tom Wilson, '41 to
Phi Kappa Psi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Tom Wilson, '41 to
Phi Kappa Psi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Tom Wilson, '41 to
Phi Kappa Psi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Tom Wilson, '41 to
Phi Kappa Psi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Tom Wilson, '41 to
Phi Kappa Psi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Tom Wilson, '41 to
Phi Kappa Psi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Tom Wilson, '41 to
Phi Kappa Psi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Tom Wilson, '41 to
Phi Kappa Psi.
