# Farr Tapers Off For Friday Night
## 
### 
SUMMIT, N. J., Jan. 18 (UP). â€”
Tommy Farr, British heavyweight
champion, began to taper off train
ing today f6r his 10-round bout
Friday night with the former world
title-holder, Jimmy Braddock.
Farr, who amazed fans by putting
up a good battle against Joe Louis
last summer, was pronouficed in
"excellent shape" yesterday by the
New York Athletic Commission
physician, Dr. William Walker. Dr.
Walker warned the former Welsh
miner, however, not to draw him
self "too fine," and Farr cut down
his usual seven or eight rounds of
sparring to four. The Welshman
ruled a 13-5 favorite.
Insulin is under consideration as
a preventive of common colds.
