# Chemistry Group Initiates Six Men
## 
### 
Phi Lambda Upsilon, honorary
chemistry fraternity, welcomed six
new members at a banquet held last
Thursday evening. The initiates
are' George W. Fuller, Alvah J.
Horn, Charles C. Nimmo, Don Pur
die, David E. Swanberg, and Lloyd
A. Wood.
During the banquet, Professor
Robert Eckles Swain, head of the
Chemistry Department, told a few
of his recent experiences, and Pro
fessor James V. Uspensky of the
Mathematics Department talked on
the characteristics of famous mathe
maticians.
Phi Lambda Upsilon, honorary
chemistry fraternity, welcomed six
new members at a banquet held last
Thursday evening. The initiates
are' George W. Fuller, Alvah J.
Horn, Charles C. Nimmo, Don Pur
die, David E. Swanberg, and Lloyd
A. Wood.
During the banquet, Professor
Robert Eckles Swain, head of the
Chemistry Department, told a few
of his recent experiences, and Pro
fessor James V. Uspensky of the
Mathematics Department talked on
the characteristics of famous mathe
maticians.
Phi Lambda Upsilon, honorary
chemistry fraternity, welcomed six
new members at a banquet held last
Thursday evening. The initiates
are' George W. Fuller, Alvah J.
Horn, Charles C. Nimmo, Don Pur
die, David E. Swanberg, and Lloyd
A. Wood.
During the banquet, Professor
Robert Eckles Swain, head of the
Chemistry Department, told a few
of his recent experiences, and Pro
fessor James V. Uspensky of the
Mathematics Department talked on
the characteristics of famous mathe
maticians.
Phi Lambda Upsilon, honorary
chemistry fraternity, welcomed six
new members at a banquet held last
Thursday evening. The initiates
are' George W. Fuller, Alvah J.
Horn, Charles C. Nimmo, Don Pur
die, David E. Swanberg, and Lloyd
A. Wood.
During the banquet, Professor
Robert Eckles Swain, head of the
Chemistry Department, told a few
of his recent experiences, and Pro
fessor James V. Uspensky of the
Mathematics Department talked on
the characteristics of famous mathe
maticians.
Phi Lambda Upsilon, honorary
chemistry fraternity, welcomed six
new members at a banquet held last
Thursday evening. The initiates
are' George W. Fuller, Alvah J.
Horn, Charles C. Nimmo, Don Pur
die, David E. Swanberg, and Lloyd
A. Wood.
During the banquet, Professor
Robert Eckles Swain, head of the
Chemistry Department, told a few
of his recent experiences, and Pro
fessor James V. Uspensky of the
Mathematics Department talked on
the characteristics of famous mathe
maticians.
Phi Lambda Upsilon, honorary
chemistry fraternity, welcomed six
new members at a banquet held last
Thursday evening. The initiates
are' George W. Fuller, Alvah J.
Horn, Charles C. Nimmo, Don Pur
die, David E. Swanberg, and Lloyd
A. Wood.
During the banquet, Professor
Robert Eckles Swain, head of the
Chemistry Department, told a few
of his recent experiences, and Pro
fessor James V. Uspensky of the
Mathematics Department talked on
the characteristics of famous mathe
maticians.
Phi Lambda Upsilon, honorary
chemistry fraternity, welcomed six
new members at a banquet held last
Thursday evening. The initiates
are' George W. Fuller, Alvah J.
Horn, Charles C. Nimmo, Don Pur
die, David E. Swanberg, and Lloyd
A. Wood.
During the banquet, Professor
Robert Eckles Swain, head of the
Chemistry Department, told a few
of his recent experiences, and Pro
fessor James V. Uspensky of the
Mathematics Department talked on
the characteristics of famous mathe
maticians.
Phi Lambda Upsilon, honorary
chemistry fraternity, welcomed six
new members at a banquet held last
Thursday evening. The initiates
are' George W. Fuller, Alvah J.
Horn, Charles C. Nimmo, Don Pur
die, David E. Swanberg, and Lloyd
A. Wood.
During the banquet, Professor
Robert Eckles Swain, head of the
Chemistry Department, told a few
of his recent experiences, and Pro
fessor James V. Uspensky of the
Mathematics Department talked on
the characteristics of famous mathe
maticians.
Phi Lambda Upsilon, honorary
chemistry fraternity, welcomed six
new members at a banquet held last
Thursday evening. The initiates
are' George W. Fuller, Alvah J.
Horn, Charles C. Nimmo, Don Pur
die, David E. Swanberg, and Lloyd
A. Wood.
During the banquet, Professor
Robert Eckles Swain, head of the
Chemistry Department, told a few
of his recent experiences, and Pro
fessor James V. Uspensky of the
Mathematics Department talked on
the characteristics of famous mathe
maticians.
Phi Lambda Upsilon, honorary
chemistry fraternity, welcomed six
new members at a banquet held last
Thursday evening. The initiates
are' George W. Fuller, Alvah J.
Horn, Charles C. Nimmo, Don Pur
die, David E. Swanberg, and Lloyd
A. Wood.
During the banquet, Professor
Robert Eckles Swain, head of the
Chemistry Department, told a few
of his recent experiences, and Pro
fessor James V. Uspensky of the
Mathematics Department talked on
the characteristics of famous mathe
maticians.
Phi Lambda Upsilon, honorary
chemistry fraternity, welcomed six
new members at a banquet held last
Thursday evening. The initiates
are' George W. Fuller, Alvah J.
Horn, Charles C. Nimmo, Don Pur
die, David E. Swanberg, and Lloyd
A. Wood.
During the banquet, Professor
Robert Eckles Swain, head of the
Chemistry Department, told a few
of his recent experiences, and Pro
fessor James V. Uspensky of the
Mathematics Department talked on
the characteristics of famous mathe
maticians.
Phi Lambda Upsilon, honorary
chemistry fraternity, welcomed six
new members at a banquet held last
Thursday evening. The initiates
are' George W. Fuller, Alvah J.
Horn, Charles C. Nimmo, Don Pur
die, David E. Swanberg, and Lloyd
A. Wood.
During the banquet, Professor
Robert Eckles Swain, head of the
Chemistry Department, told a few
of his recent experiences, and Pro
fessor James V. Uspensky of the
Mathematics Department talked on
the characteristics of famous mathe
maticians.
Phi Lambda Upsilon, honorary
chemistry fraternity, welcomed six
new members at a banquet held last
Thursday evening. The initiates
are' George W. Fuller, Alvah J.
Horn, Charles C. Nimmo, Don Pur
die, David E. Swanberg, and Lloyd
A. Wood.
During the banquet, Professor
Robert Eckles Swain, head of the
Chemistry Department, told a few
of his recent experiences, and Pro
fessor James V. Uspensky of the
Mathematics Department talked on
the characteristics of famous mathe
maticians.
Phi Lambda Upsilon, honorary
chemistry fraternity, welcomed six
new members at a banquet held last
Thursday evening. The initiates
are' George W. Fuller, Alvah J.
Horn, Charles C. Nimmo, Don Pur
die, David E. Swanberg, and Lloyd
A. Wood.
During the banquet, Professor
Robert Eckles Swain, head of the
Chemistry Department, told a few
of his recent experiences, and Pro
fessor James V. Uspensky of the
Mathematics Department talked on
the characteristics of famous mathe
maticians.
Phi Lambda Upsilon, honorary
chemistry fraternity, welcomed six
new members at a banquet held last
Thursday evening. The initiates
are' George W. Fuller, Alvah J.
Horn, Charles C. Nimmo, Don Pur
die, David E. Swanberg, and Lloyd
A. Wood.
During the banquet, Professor
Robert Eckles Swain, head of the
Chemistry Department, told a few
of his recent experiences, and Pro
fessor James V. Uspensky of the
Mathematics Department talked on
the characteristics of famous mathe
maticians.
