# FOLK DANCING
## 
### 
Ed Council will sponsor a folk
dancing party tonight at 7 in the
Pavilion. Everybody is invited.
Please wear soft-soled shoes to pro
tect the floor.
Ed Council will sponsor a folk
dancing party tonight at 7 in the
Pavilion. Everybody is invited.
Please wear soft-soled shoes to pro
tect the floor.
Ed Council will sponsor a folk
dancing party tonight at 7 in the
Pavilion. Everybody is invited.
Please wear soft-soled shoes to pro
tect the floor.
Ed Council will sponsor a folk
dancing party tonight at 7 in the
Pavilion. Everybody is invited.
Please wear soft-soled shoes to pro
tect the floor.
Ed Council will sponsor a folk
dancing party tonight at 7 in the
Pavilion. Everybody is invited.
Please wear soft-soled shoes to pro
tect the floor.
Ed Council will sponsor a folk
dancing party tonight at 7 in the
Pavilion. Everybody is invited.
Please wear soft-soled shoes to pro
tect the floor.
Ed Council will sponsor a folk
dancing party tonight at 7 in the
Pavilion. Everybody is invited.
Please wear soft-soled shoes to pro
tect the floor.
Ed Council will sponsor a folk
dancing party tonight at 7 in the
Pavilion. Everybody is invited.
Please wear soft-soled shoes to pro
tect the floor.
Ed Council will sponsor a folk
dancing party tonight at 7 in the
Pavilion. Everybody is invited.
Please wear soft-soled shoes to pro
tect the floor.
Ed Council will sponsor a folk
dancing party tonight at 7 in the
Pavilion. Everybody is invited.
Please wear soft-soled shoes to pro
tect the floor.
Ed Council will sponsor a folk
dancing party tonight at 7 in the
Pavilion. Everybody is invited.
Please wear soft-soled shoes to pro
tect the floor.
Ed Council will sponsor a folk
dancing party tonight at 7 in the
Pavilion. Everybody is invited.
Please wear soft-soled shoes to pro
tect the floor.
Ed Council will sponsor a folk
dancing party tonight at 7 in the
Pavilion. Everybody is invited.
Please wear soft-soled shoes to pro
tect the floor.
Ed Council will sponsor a folk
dancing party tonight at 7 in the
Pavilion. Everybody is invited.
Please wear soft-soled shoes to pro
tect the floor.
