# Film to Depict Congo Wildlife
## 
### 
"Masters of the Belgian
Congo," a color film oti ani
mal and primitive tribal life
of the Central Congo, is to be
presented at Memorial Audi
torium at 7:30 tonight by the
Institute of International Re
lations.
Although seemingly a far
cry from present troubles in
the Congo, this film depicts
the general picture of the
.jungle and mountain inhabi
tants and the abundance of
wildlife in the Pare de Albert
in the country of the Moun
tains of Moon.
An explanation of a newly
developed program involving
African students will follow
the movie, and interested stu
dents may sign up to work
on the African Desk.
