# Huskies Favored
## 
### 
NEW YORK (UPI) California
is a two-point choice over Wash
ington Stale while Washington is
favored by 15 points over Stan
ford in two feature college foot
ball games on this Saturday's
program.
Top-ranked Syracuse, mean
while, is such an overwhelming
choice to beat Holy Cross, that
oddsmakers are not quoting a
point-spread. No odds were listed

for the Minnesota-Northwestern
game. Minnesota is ranked ninth.
There are a lot of other close
games to be played Saturday as
highly ranked Illinois plays host
to the Buckeyes of Ohio State.
Also Texas meets Oklahoma in
their traditional door-die battle.
Michigan State hosts lowa in a
game that the experts of the na
tion have declared a completely
even contest.
NEW YORK (UPI) California
is a two-point choice over Wash
ington Stale while Washington is
favored by 15 points over Stan
ford in two feature college foot
ball games on this Saturday's
program.
Top-ranked Syracuse, mean
while, is such an overwhelming
choice to beat Holy Cross, that
oddsmakers are not quoting a
point-spread. No odds were listed

for the Minnesota-Northwestern
game. Minnesota is ranked ninth.
There are a lot of other close
games to be played Saturday as
highly ranked Illinois plays host
to the Buckeyes of Ohio State.
Also Texas meets Oklahoma in
their traditional door-die battle.
Michigan State hosts lowa in a
game that the experts of the na
tion have declared a completely
even contest.
NEW YORK (UPI) California
is a two-point choice over Wash
ington Stale while Washington is
favored by 15 points over Stan
ford in two feature college foot
ball games on this Saturday's
program.
Top-ranked Syracuse, mean
while, is such an overwhelming
choice to beat Holy Cross, that
oddsmakers are not quoting a
point-spread. No odds were listed

for the Minnesota-Northwestern
game. Minnesota is ranked ninth.
There are a lot of other close
games to be played Saturday as
highly ranked Illinois plays host
to the Buckeyes of Ohio State.
Also Texas meets Oklahoma in
their traditional door-die battle.
Michigan State hosts lowa in a
game that the experts of the na
tion have declared a completely
even contest.
NEW YORK (UPI) California
is a two-point choice over Wash
ington Stale while Washington is
favored by 15 points over Stan
ford in two feature college foot
ball games on this Saturday's
program.
Top-ranked Syracuse, mean
while, is such an overwhelming
choice to beat Holy Cross, that
oddsmakers are not quoting a
point-spread. No odds were listed

for the Minnesota-Northwestern
game. Minnesota is ranked ninth.
There are a lot of other close
games to be played Saturday as
highly ranked Illinois plays host
to the Buckeyes of Ohio State.
Also Texas meets Oklahoma in
their traditional door-die battle.
Michigan State hosts lowa in a
game that the experts of the na
tion have declared a completely
even contest.
NEW YORK (UPI) California
is a two-point choice over Wash
ington Stale while Washington is
favored by 15 points over Stan
ford in two feature college foot
ball games on this Saturday's
program.
Top-ranked Syracuse, mean
while, is such an overwhelming
choice to beat Holy Cross, that
oddsmakers are not quoting a
point-spread. No odds were listed

for the Minnesota-Northwestern
game. Minnesota is ranked ninth.
There are a lot of other close
games to be played Saturday as
highly ranked Illinois plays host
to the Buckeyes of Ohio State.
Also Texas meets Oklahoma in
their traditional door-die battle.
Michigan State hosts lowa in a
game that the experts of the na
tion have declared a completely
even contest.
NEW YORK (UPI) California
is a two-point choice over Wash
ington Stale while Washington is
favored by 15 points over Stan
ford in two feature college foot
ball games on this Saturday's
program.
Top-ranked Syracuse, mean
while, is such an overwhelming
choice to beat Holy Cross, that
oddsmakers are not quoting a
point-spread. No odds were listed

for the Minnesota-Northwestern
game. Minnesota is ranked ninth.
There are a lot of other close
games to be played Saturday as
highly ranked Illinois plays host
to the Buckeyes of Ohio State.
Also Texas meets Oklahoma in
their traditional door-die battle.
Michigan State hosts lowa in a
game that the experts of the na
tion have declared a completely
even contest.
NEW YORK (UPI) California
is a two-point choice over Wash
ington Stale while Washington is
favored by 15 points over Stan
ford in two feature college foot
ball games on this Saturday's
program.
Top-ranked Syracuse, mean
while, is such an overwhelming
choice to beat Holy Cross, that
oddsmakers are not quoting a
point-spread. No odds were listed

for the Minnesota-Northwestern
game. Minnesota is ranked ninth.
There are a lot of other close
games to be played Saturday as
highly ranked Illinois plays host
to the Buckeyes of Ohio State.
Also Texas meets Oklahoma in
their traditional door-die battle.
Michigan State hosts lowa in a
game that the experts of the na
tion have declared a completely
even contest.
NEW YORK (UPI) California
is a two-point choice over Wash
ington Stale while Washington is
favored by 15 points over Stan
ford in two feature college foot
ball games on this Saturday's
program.
Top-ranked Syracuse, mean
while, is such an overwhelming
choice to beat Holy Cross, that
oddsmakers are not quoting a
point-spread. No odds were listed

for the Minnesota-Northwestern
game. Minnesota is ranked ninth.
There are a lot of other close
games to be played Saturday as
highly ranked Illinois plays host
to the Buckeyes of Ohio State.
Also Texas meets Oklahoma in
their traditional door-die battle.
Michigan State hosts lowa in a
game that the experts of the na
tion have declared a completely
even contest.
NEW YORK (UPI) California
is a two-point choice over Wash
ington Stale while Washington is
favored by 15 points over Stan
ford in two feature college foot
ball games on this Saturday's
program.
Top-ranked Syracuse, mean
while, is such an overwhelming
choice to beat Holy Cross, that
oddsmakers are not quoting a
point-spread. No odds were listed

for the Minnesota-Northwestern
game. Minnesota is ranked ninth.
There are a lot of other close
games to be played Saturday as
highly ranked Illinois plays host
to the Buckeyes of Ohio State.
Also Texas meets Oklahoma in
their traditional door-die battle.
Michigan State hosts lowa in a
game that the experts of the na
tion have declared a completely
even contest.
NEW YORK (UPI) California
is a two-point choice over Wash
ington Stale while Washington is
favored by 15 points over Stan
ford in two feature college foot
ball games on this Saturday's
program.
Top-ranked Syracuse, mean
while, is such an overwhelming
choice to beat Holy Cross, that
oddsmakers are not quoting a
point-spread. No odds were listed

for the Minnesota-Northwestern
game. Minnesota is ranked ninth.
There are a lot of other close
games to be played Saturday as
highly ranked Illinois plays host
to the Buckeyes of Ohio State.
Also Texas meets Oklahoma in
their traditional door-die battle.
Michigan State hosts lowa in a
game that the experts of the na
tion have declared a completely
even contest.
NEW YORK (UPI) California
is a two-point choice over Wash
ington Stale while Washington is
favored by 15 points over Stan
ford in two feature college foot
ball games on this Saturday's
program.
Top-ranked Syracuse, mean
while, is such an overwhelming
choice to beat Holy Cross, that
oddsmakers are not quoting a
point-spread. No odds were listed

for the Minnesota-Northwestern
game. Minnesota is ranked ninth.
There are a lot of other close
games to be played Saturday as
highly ranked Illinois plays host
to the Buckeyes of Ohio State.
Also Texas meets Oklahoma in
their traditional door-die battle.
Michigan State hosts lowa in a
game that the experts of the na
tion have declared a completely
even contest.
NEW YORK (UPI) California
is a two-point choice over Wash
ington Stale while Washington is
favored by 15 points over Stan
ford in two feature college foot
ball games on this Saturday's
program.
Top-ranked Syracuse, mean
while, is such an overwhelming
choice to beat Holy Cross, that
oddsmakers are not quoting a
point-spread. No odds were listed

for the Minnesota-Northwestern
game. Minnesota is ranked ninth.
There are a lot of other close
games to be played Saturday as
highly ranked Illinois plays host
to the Buckeyes of Ohio State.
Also Texas meets Oklahoma in
their traditional door-die battle.
Michigan State hosts lowa in a
game that the experts of the na
tion have declared a completely
even contest.
NEW YORK (UPI) California
is a two-point choice over Wash
ington Stale while Washington is
favored by 15 points over Stan
ford in two feature college foot
ball games on this Saturday's
program.
Top-ranked Syracuse, mean
while, is such an overwhelming
choice to beat Holy Cross, that
oddsmakers are not quoting a
point-spread. No odds were listed

for the Minnesota-Northwestern
game. Minnesota is ranked ninth.
There are a lot of other close
games to be played Saturday as
highly ranked Illinois plays host
to the Buckeyes of Ohio State.
Also Texas meets Oklahoma in
their traditional door-die battle.
Michigan State hosts lowa in a
game that the experts of the na
tion have declared a completely
even contest.
NEW YORK (UPI) California
is a two-point choice over Wash
ington Stale while Washington is
favored by 15 points over Stan
ford in two feature college foot
ball games on this Saturday's
program.
Top-ranked Syracuse, mean
while, is such an overwhelming
choice to beat Holy Cross, that
oddsmakers are not quoting a
point-spread. No odds were listed

for the Minnesota-Northwestern
game. Minnesota is ranked ninth.
There are a lot of other close
games to be played Saturday as
highly ranked Illinois plays host
to the Buckeyes of Ohio State.
Also Texas meets Oklahoma in
their traditional door-die battle.
Michigan State hosts lowa in a
game that the experts of the na
tion have declared a completely
even contest.
NEW YORK (UPI) California
is a two-point choice over Wash
ington Stale while Washington is
favored by 15 points over Stan
ford in two feature college foot
ball games on this Saturday's
program.
Top-ranked Syracuse, mean
while, is such an overwhelming
choice to beat Holy Cross, that
oddsmakers are not quoting a
point-spread. No odds were listed

for the Minnesota-Northwestern
game. Minnesota is ranked ninth.
There are a lot of other close
games to be played Saturday as
highly ranked Illinois plays host
to the Buckeyes of Ohio State.
Also Texas meets Oklahoma in
their traditional door-die battle.
Michigan State hosts lowa in a
game that the experts of the na
tion have declared a completely
even contest.
NEW YORK (UPI) California
is a two-point choice over Wash
ington Stale while Washington is
favored by 15 points over Stan
ford in two feature college foot
ball games on this Saturday's
program.
Top-ranked Syracuse, mean
while, is such an overwhelming
choice to beat Holy Cross, that
oddsmakers are not quoting a
point-spread. No odds were listed

for the Minnesota-Northwestern
game. Minnesota is ranked ninth.
There are a lot of other close
games to be played Saturday as
highly ranked Illinois plays host
to the Buckeyes of Ohio State.
Also Texas meets Oklahoma in
their traditional door-die battle.
Michigan State hosts lowa in a
game that the experts of the na
tion have declared a completely
even contest.
NEW YORK (UPI) California
is a two-point choice over Wash
ington Stale while Washington is
favored by 15 points over Stan
ford in two feature college foot
ball games on this Saturday's
program.
Top-ranked Syracuse, mean
while, is such an overwhelming
choice to beat Holy Cross, that
oddsmakers are not quoting a
point-spread. No odds were listed

for the Minnesota-Northwestern
game. Minnesota is ranked ninth.
There are a lot of other close
games to be played Saturday as
highly ranked Illinois plays host
to the Buckeyes of Ohio State.
Also Texas meets Oklahoma in
their traditional door-die battle.
Michigan State hosts lowa in a
game that the experts of the na
tion have declared a completely
even contest.
NEW YORK (UPI) California
is a two-point choice over Wash
ington Stale while Washington is
favored by 15 points over Stan
ford in two feature college foot
ball games on this Saturday's
program.
Top-ranked Syracuse, mean
while, is such an overwhelming
choice to beat Holy Cross, that
oddsmakers are not quoting a
point-spread. No odds were listed

for the Minnesota-Northwestern
game. Minnesota is ranked ninth.
There are a lot of other close
games to be played Saturday as
highly ranked Illinois plays host
to the Buckeyes of Ohio State.
Also Texas meets Oklahoma in
their traditional door-die battle.
Michigan State hosts lowa in a
game that the experts of the na
tion have declared a completely
even contest.
