# Men's Parties Fill Calendar
## 
### 
Three firesides tonight and one
tomorrow night will open social ac
tivities in residences this week-end.
Pierce Hall, Tyler Hall, and Hayes
Hall will entertain at closed fire
sides this evening from 8:30 till
11:30, and Cleveland Hall will hold
its gathering tomorrow night at the
same hours.
The Pierce Hall fireside will be
for second quarter freshmen from
three halls â€” Jackson, Taft, and
Pierce. Sam Brenner is chairman,
who promises records for dancing
and refreshments. His committee
includes Walt Bradley, Tom Elke,
and Joe Kohlbecker.
Tyler Hall's fireside is under the
chairmanship of Newton Arnold,
social chairman. Hayes Hall is hav
ing a closed fireside with Larry
Wirt in charge.
Tomorrow night Cleveland's fire
side will be headed by Bill Gulick,
assisted by Jim Shcehy and Harry
Powers. All halls promise good
records and refreshments.
