# SPECIAL NOTICES
## 
### 
Lost—Small Society Pin, triangular j
shape, monogram Tau Alpha Delta, i
Set with pearls. Reward if returned i
to L. 11. 13., Castilleja. 23-3t |
Lost—Small Society Pin, triangular j
shape, monogram Tau Alpha Delta, i
Set with pearls. Reward if returned i
to L. 11. 13., Castilleja. 23-3t |
Lost—Small Society Pin, triangular j
shape, monogram Tau Alpha Delta, i
Set with pearls. Reward if returned i
to L. 11. 13., Castilleja. 23-3t |
Lost—Small Society Pin, triangular j
shape, monogram Tau Alpha Delta, i
Set with pearls. Reward if returned i
to L. 11. 13., Castilleja. 23-3t |
Lost—Small Society Pin, triangular j
shape, monogram Tau Alpha Delta, i
Set with pearls. Reward if returned i
to L. 11. 13., Castilleja. 23-3t |
Lost—Small Society Pin, triangular j
shape, monogram Tau Alpha Delta, i
Set with pearls. Reward if returned i
to L. 11. 13., Castilleja. 23-3t |
Lost—Small Society Pin, triangular j
shape, monogram Tau Alpha Delta, i
Set with pearls. Reward if returned i
to L. 11. 13., Castilleja. 23-3t |
Lost—Small Society Pin, triangular j
shape, monogram Tau Alpha Delta, i
Set with pearls. Reward if returned i
to L. 11. 13., Castilleja. 23-3t |
Lost—Small Society Pin, triangular j
shape, monogram Tau Alpha Delta, i
Set with pearls. Reward if returned i
to L. 11. 13., Castilleja. 23-3t |
Lost—Small Society Pin, triangular j
shape, monogram Tau Alpha Delta, i
Set with pearls. Reward if returned i
to L. 11. 13., Castilleja. 23-3t |
Lost—Small Society Pin, triangular j
shape, monogram Tau Alpha Delta, i
Set with pearls. Reward if returned i
to L. 11. 13., Castilleja. 23-3t |
Lost—Small Society Pin, triangular j
shape, monogram Tau Alpha Delta, i
Set with pearls. Reward if returned i
to L. 11. 13., Castilleja. 23-3t |
Lost—Small Society Pin, triangular j
shape, monogram Tau Alpha Delta, i
Set with pearls. Reward if returned i
to L. 11. 13., Castilleja. 23-3t |
Lost—Small Society Pin, triangular j
shape, monogram Tau Alpha Delta, i
Set with pearls. Reward if returned i
to L. 11. 13., Castilleja. 23-3t |
