# Memorial Church Windows Repaired
## 
### 
Repair work on the windows of
Memorial Church started recently
and will continue for the rest of
the week. The lead molding on sev
eral of the windows is being re
placed. This repair work is in
cluded in the upkeep of the church,
and once a year during autumn
quarter molding which is over live
years old is replaced.
Repair work on the windows of
Memorial Church started recently
and will continue for the rest of
the week. The lead molding on sev
eral of the windows is being re
placed. This repair work is in
cluded in the upkeep of the church,
and once a year during autumn
quarter molding which is over live
years old is replaced.
Repair work on the windows of
Memorial Church started recently
and will continue for the rest of
the week. The lead molding on sev
eral of the windows is being re
placed. This repair work is in
cluded in the upkeep of the church,
and once a year during autumn
quarter molding which is over live
years old is replaced.
Repair work on the windows of
Memorial Church started recently
and will continue for the rest of
the week. The lead molding on sev
eral of the windows is being re
placed. This repair work is in
cluded in the upkeep of the church,
and once a year during autumn
quarter molding which is over live
years old is replaced.
Repair work on the windows of
Memorial Church started recently
and will continue for the rest of
the week. The lead molding on sev
eral of the windows is being re
placed. This repair work is in
cluded in the upkeep of the church,
and once a year during autumn
quarter molding which is over live
years old is replaced.
Repair work on the windows of
Memorial Church started recently
and will continue for the rest of
the week. The lead molding on sev
eral of the windows is being re
placed. This repair work is in
cluded in the upkeep of the church,
and once a year during autumn
quarter molding which is over live
years old is replaced.
Repair work on the windows of
Memorial Church started recently
and will continue for the rest of
the week. The lead molding on sev
eral of the windows is being re
placed. This repair work is in
cluded in the upkeep of the church,
and once a year during autumn
quarter molding which is over live
years old is replaced.
Repair work on the windows of
Memorial Church started recently
and will continue for the rest of
the week. The lead molding on sev
eral of the windows is being re
placed. This repair work is in
cluded in the upkeep of the church,
and once a year during autumn
quarter molding which is over live
years old is replaced.
Repair work on the windows of
Memorial Church started recently
and will continue for the rest of
the week. The lead molding on sev
eral of the windows is being re
placed. This repair work is in
cluded in the upkeep of the church,
and once a year during autumn
quarter molding which is over live
years old is replaced.
Repair work on the windows of
Memorial Church started recently
and will continue for the rest of
the week. The lead molding on sev
eral of the windows is being re
placed. This repair work is in
cluded in the upkeep of the church,
and once a year during autumn
quarter molding which is over live
years old is replaced.
Repair work on the windows of
Memorial Church started recently
and will continue for the rest of
the week. The lead molding on sev
eral of the windows is being re
placed. This repair work is in
cluded in the upkeep of the church,
and once a year during autumn
quarter molding which is over live
years old is replaced.
Repair work on the windows of
Memorial Church started recently
and will continue for the rest of
the week. The lead molding on sev
eral of the windows is being re
placed. This repair work is in
cluded in the upkeep of the church,
and once a year during autumn
quarter molding which is over live
years old is replaced.
Repair work on the windows of
Memorial Church started recently
and will continue for the rest of
the week. The lead molding on sev
eral of the windows is being re
placed. This repair work is in
cluded in the upkeep of the church,
and once a year during autumn
quarter molding which is over live
years old is replaced.
Repair work on the windows of
Memorial Church started recently
and will continue for the rest of
the week. The lead molding on sev
eral of the windows is being re
placed. This repair work is in
cluded in the upkeep of the church,
and once a year during autumn
quarter molding which is over live
years old is replaced.
Repair work on the windows of
Memorial Church started recently
and will continue for the rest of
the week. The lead molding on sev
eral of the windows is being re
placed. This repair work is in
cluded in the upkeep of the church,
and once a year during autumn
quarter molding which is over live
years old is replaced.
Repair work on the windows of
Memorial Church started recently
and will continue for the rest of
the week. The lead molding on sev
eral of the windows is being re
placed. This repair work is in
cluded in the upkeep of the church,
and once a year during autumn
quarter molding which is over live
years old is replaced.
Repair work on the windows of
Memorial Church started recently
and will continue for the rest of
the week. The lead molding on sev
eral of the windows is being re
placed. This repair work is in
cluded in the upkeep of the church,
and once a year during autumn
quarter molding which is over live
years old is replaced.
Repair work on the windows of
Memorial Church started recently
and will continue for the rest of
the week. The lead molding on sev
eral of the windows is being re
placed. This repair work is in
cluded in the upkeep of the church,
and once a year during autumn
quarter molding which is over live
years old is replaced.
