# Grad Happy Hour Friday Afternoon
## 
### 
Friday afternoon a party will
be held for all graduate students
at Stanford. The "Happy Hour"
will be held at Ramor Oaks res
taurant from 4 to 6 p.m. The in
vitation applies to all graduate
students regardless of on- or off
campus residency.
For the summer-only students,
Ramor Oaks is located at 3435 El
Camino Real, a brief journey to
ward San Francisco on Highway
101. The restaurant is on the
right-hand side of the highway a
mile and a half beyond Menlo
Park.
Friday afternoon a party will
be held for all graduate students
at Stanford. The "Happy Hour"
will be held at Ramor Oaks res
taurant from 4 to 6 p.m. The in
vitation applies to all graduate
students regardless of on- or off
campus residency.
For the summer-only students,
Ramor Oaks is located at 3435 El
Camino Real, a brief journey to
ward San Francisco on Highway
101. The restaurant is on the
right-hand side of the highway a
mile and a half beyond Menlo
Park.
Friday afternoon a party will
be held for all graduate students
at Stanford. The "Happy Hour"
will be held at Ramor Oaks res
taurant from 4 to 6 p.m. The in
vitation applies to all graduate
students regardless of on- or off
campus residency.
For the summer-only students,
Ramor Oaks is located at 3435 El
Camino Real, a brief journey to
ward San Francisco on Highway
101. The restaurant is on the
right-hand side of the highway a
mile and a half beyond Menlo
Park.
Friday afternoon a party will
be held for all graduate students
at Stanford. The "Happy Hour"
will be held at Ramor Oaks res
taurant from 4 to 6 p.m. The in
vitation applies to all graduate
students regardless of on- or off
campus residency.
For the summer-only students,
Ramor Oaks is located at 3435 El
Camino Real, a brief journey to
ward San Francisco on Highway
101. The restaurant is on the
right-hand side of the highway a
mile and a half beyond Menlo
Park.
Friday afternoon a party will
be held for all graduate students
at Stanford. The "Happy Hour"
will be held at Ramor Oaks res
taurant from 4 to 6 p.m. The in
vitation applies to all graduate
students regardless of on- or off
campus residency.
For the summer-only students,
Ramor Oaks is located at 3435 El
Camino Real, a brief journey to
ward San Francisco on Highway
101. The restaurant is on the
right-hand side of the highway a
mile and a half beyond Menlo
Park.
Friday afternoon a party will
be held for all graduate students
at Stanford. The "Happy Hour"
will be held at Ramor Oaks res
taurant from 4 to 6 p.m. The in
vitation applies to all graduate
students regardless of on- or off
campus residency.
For the summer-only students,
Ramor Oaks is located at 3435 El
Camino Real, a brief journey to
ward San Francisco on Highway
101. The restaurant is on the
right-hand side of the highway a
mile and a half beyond Menlo
Park.
Friday afternoon a party will
be held for all graduate students
at Stanford. The "Happy Hour"
will be held at Ramor Oaks res
taurant from 4 to 6 p.m. The in
vitation applies to all graduate
students regardless of on- or off
campus residency.
For the summer-only students,
Ramor Oaks is located at 3435 El
Camino Real, a brief journey to
ward San Francisco on Highway
101. The restaurant is on the
right-hand side of the highway a
mile and a half beyond Menlo
Park.
Friday afternoon a party will
be held for all graduate students
at Stanford. The "Happy Hour"
will be held at Ramor Oaks res
taurant from 4 to 6 p.m. The in
vitation applies to all graduate
students regardless of on- or off
campus residency.
For the summer-only students,
Ramor Oaks is located at 3435 El
Camino Real, a brief journey to
ward San Francisco on Highway
101. The restaurant is on the
right-hand side of the highway a
mile and a half beyond Menlo
Park.
Friday afternoon a party will
be held for all graduate students
at Stanford. The "Happy Hour"
will be held at Ramor Oaks res
taurant from 4 to 6 p.m. The in
vitation applies to all graduate
students regardless of on- or off
campus residency.
For the summer-only students,
Ramor Oaks is located at 3435 El
Camino Real, a brief journey to
ward San Francisco on Highway
101. The restaurant is on the
right-hand side of the highway a
mile and a half beyond Menlo
Park.
Friday afternoon a party will
be held for all graduate students
at Stanford. The "Happy Hour"
will be held at Ramor Oaks res
taurant from 4 to 6 p.m. The in
vitation applies to all graduate
students regardless of on- or off
campus residency.
For the summer-only students,
Ramor Oaks is located at 3435 El
Camino Real, a brief journey to
ward San Francisco on Highway
101. The restaurant is on the
right-hand side of the highway a
mile and a half beyond Menlo
Park.
Friday afternoon a party will
be held for all graduate students
at Stanford. The "Happy Hour"
will be held at Ramor Oaks res
taurant from 4 to 6 p.m. The in
vitation applies to all graduate
students regardless of on- or off
campus residency.
For the summer-only students,
Ramor Oaks is located at 3435 El
Camino Real, a brief journey to
ward San Francisco on Highway
101. The restaurant is on the
right-hand side of the highway a
mile and a half beyond Menlo
Park.
Friday afternoon a party will
be held for all graduate students
at Stanford. The "Happy Hour"
will be held at Ramor Oaks res
taurant from 4 to 6 p.m. The in
vitation applies to all graduate
students regardless of on- or off
campus residency.
For the summer-only students,
Ramor Oaks is located at 3435 El
Camino Real, a brief journey to
ward San Francisco on Highway
101. The restaurant is on the
right-hand side of the highway a
mile and a half beyond Menlo
Park.
Friday afternoon a party will
be held for all graduate students
at Stanford. The "Happy Hour"
will be held at Ramor Oaks res
taurant from 4 to 6 p.m. The in
vitation applies to all graduate
students regardless of on- or off
campus residency.
For the summer-only students,
Ramor Oaks is located at 3435 El
Camino Real, a brief journey to
ward San Francisco on Highway
101. The restaurant is on the
right-hand side of the highway a
mile and a half beyond Menlo
Park.
Friday afternoon a party will
be held for all graduate students
at Stanford. The "Happy Hour"
will be held at Ramor Oaks res
taurant from 4 to 6 p.m. The in
vitation applies to all graduate
students regardless of on- or off
campus residency.
For the summer-only students,
Ramor Oaks is located at 3435 El
Camino Real, a brief journey to
ward San Francisco on Highway
101. The restaurant is on the
right-hand side of the highway a
mile and a half beyond Menlo
Park.
Friday afternoon a party will
be held for all graduate students
at Stanford. The "Happy Hour"
will be held at Ramor Oaks res
taurant from 4 to 6 p.m. The in
vitation applies to all graduate
students regardless of on- or off
campus residency.
For the summer-only students,
Ramor Oaks is located at 3435 El
Camino Real, a brief journey to
ward San Francisco on Highway
101. The restaurant is on the
right-hand side of the highway a
mile and a half beyond Menlo
Park.
Friday afternoon a party will
be held for all graduate students
at Stanford. The "Happy Hour"
will be held at Ramor Oaks res
taurant from 4 to 6 p.m. The in
vitation applies to all graduate
students regardless of on- or off
campus residency.
For the summer-only students,
Ramor Oaks is located at 3435 El
Camino Real, a brief journey to
ward San Francisco on Highway
101. The restaurant is on the
right-hand side of the highway a
mile and a half beyond Menlo
Park.
Friday afternoon a party will
be held for all graduate students
at Stanford. The "Happy Hour"
will be held at Ramor Oaks res
taurant from 4 to 6 p.m. The in
vitation applies to all graduate
students regardless of on- or off
campus residency.
For the summer-only students,
Ramor Oaks is located at 3435 El
Camino Real, a brief journey to
ward San Francisco on Highway
101. The restaurant is on the
right-hand side of the highway a
mile and a half beyond Menlo
Park.
