# Adv. 21 Page 5
## 
### 
~] AMERl(^^^^^>MPAN\
Bark of our modern
branch system is an
80-year tradition of
sound banking. Visit
6ur nearest office
and learn the conven*
ience of metropolitan
banking that reaches
almost to your door.
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Savings • Trust
COMMERCIAL banking
■ .i ■ ■ ■
~] AMERl(^^^^^>MPAN\
Bark of our modern
branch system is an
80-year tradition of
sound banking. Visit
6ur nearest office
and learn the conven*
ience of metropolitan
banking that reaches
almost to your door.
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Savings • Trust
COMMERCIAL banking
■ .i ■ ■ ■
~] AMERl(^^^^^>MPAN\
Bark of our modern
branch system is an
80-year tradition of
sound banking. Visit
6ur nearest office
and learn the conven*
ience of metropolitan
banking that reaches
almost to your door.
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Savings • Trust
COMMERCIAL banking
■ .i ■ ■ ■
~] AMERl(^^^^^>MPAN\
Bark of our modern
branch system is an
80-year tradition of
sound banking. Visit
6ur nearest office
and learn the conven*
ience of metropolitan
banking that reaches
almost to your door.
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Savings • Trust
COMMERCIAL banking
■ .i ■ ■ ■
~] AMERl(^^^^^>MPAN\
Bark of our modern
branch system is an
80-year tradition of
sound banking. Visit
6ur nearest office
and learn the conven*
ience of metropolitan
banking that reaches
almost to your door.
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Savings • Trust
COMMERCIAL banking
■ .i ■ ■ ■
~] AMERl(^^^^^>MPAN\
Bark of our modern
branch system is an
80-year tradition of
sound banking. Visit
6ur nearest office
and learn the conven*
ience of metropolitan
banking that reaches
almost to your door.
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Savings • Trust
COMMERCIAL banking
■ .i ■ ■ ■
~] AMERl(^^^^^>MPAN\
Bark of our modern
branch system is an
80-year tradition of
sound banking. Visit
6ur nearest office
and learn the conven*
ience of metropolitan
banking that reaches
almost to your door.
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Savings • Trust
COMMERCIAL banking
■ .i ■ ■ ■
~] AMERl(^^^^^>MPAN\
Bark of our modern
branch system is an
80-year tradition of
sound banking. Visit
6ur nearest office
and learn the conven*
ience of metropolitan
banking that reaches
almost to your door.
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Savings • Trust
COMMERCIAL banking
■ .i ■ ■ ■
~] AMERl(^^^^^>MPAN\
Bark of our modern
branch system is an
80-year tradition of
sound banking. Visit
6ur nearest office
and learn the conven*
ience of metropolitan
banking that reaches
almost to your door.
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Savings • Trust
COMMERCIAL banking
■ .i ■ ■ ■
~] AMERl(^^^^^>MPAN\
Bark of our modern
branch system is an
80-year tradition of
sound banking. Visit
6ur nearest office
and learn the conven*
ience of metropolitan
banking that reaches
almost to your door.
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Savings • Trust
COMMERCIAL banking
■ .i ■ ■ ■
~] AMERl(^^^^^>MPAN\
Bark of our modern
branch system is an
80-year tradition of
sound banking. Visit
6ur nearest office
and learn the conven*
ience of metropolitan
banking that reaches
almost to your door.
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Savings • Trust
COMMERCIAL banking
■ .i ■ ■ ■
~] AMERl(^^^^^>MPAN\
Bark of our modern
branch system is an
80-year tradition of
sound banking. Visit
6ur nearest office
and learn the conven*
ience of metropolitan
banking that reaches
almost to your door.
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Savings • Trust
COMMERCIAL banking
■ .i ■ ■ ■
~] AMERl(^^^^^>MPAN\
Bark of our modern
branch system is an
80-year tradition of
sound banking. Visit
6ur nearest office
and learn the conven*
ience of metropolitan
banking that reaches
almost to your door.
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Savings • Trust
COMMERCIAL banking
■ .i ■ ■ ■
~] AMERl(^^^^^>MPAN\
Bark of our modern
branch system is an
80-year tradition of
sound banking. Visit
6ur nearest office
and learn the conven*
ience of metropolitan
banking that reaches
almost to your door.
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Savings • Trust
COMMERCIAL banking
■ .i ■ ■ ■
~] AMERl(^^^^^>MPAN\
Bark of our modern
branch system is an
80-year tradition of
sound banking. Visit
6ur nearest office
and learn the conven*
ience of metropolitan
banking that reaches
almost to your door.
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Savings • Trust
COMMERCIAL banking
■ .i ■ ■ ■
