# Stamp Collectors May Obtain Byrd Stamps Now
## 
### 
Philatelists here are advised of a J
special commemorative issue of the
Byrd "Little America" stamps in un
gummed, imperforate sheets of six j
which are now on sale at the Phila- j
telic Bureau in Washington. Speci- ;
mens may now be seen posted at the j
post office here, according to Post
master Werry.
The special issue was printed in
compliment to the annual National j
Stamp Exhibition which is now being
held in Rockefeller Center in New
York. The stamps are of a three- .
cent denomination, printed in blue
showing an airplane above the south
ern hemisphere.

FOLSOM PRISON. Feb. 15 (UP).
â€”Frank Dunlap, Santa Clara con
vict, was expected to recover to
night from a deep back wound in
flicted by Albert Dizon, Alameda
county slayer. Neither convict would
talk.
