# Galveston Open Golfers Making Sizzling Scores
## 
### 
GALVESTON, Tex., Feb. 15 (UP).
—Hoi-ton Smith, professional Oak
Park, 111., and John Dawson of Chi
cago turned in a sizzling G5, seven
under par, today to win the pro
amateur event of the Galveston open
golf tournament. Others in the run
ning are Byron Nelson, Texarkana,
and Gaston Peek, Galveston, with
70; Jimmy Demaret and Happy Lcnz,
Galveston, with H8; Wild Bill Mehl
horn of Louisville, Ky., Geo. White
head of TuLsa, D. S. Godwin of Gal
veston, and Jack Dold, Houston ama
teur, made 70. Six men made 71, or
one under par.
The tournament proper is on to
morrow, for a total of $2,000.
GALVESTON, Tex., Feb. 15 (UP).
—Hoi-ton Smith, professional Oak
Park, 111., and John Dawson of Chi
cago turned in a sizzling G5, seven
under par, today to win the pro
amateur event of the Galveston open
golf tournament. Others in the run
ning are Byron Nelson, Texarkana,
and Gaston Peek, Galveston, with
70; Jimmy Demaret and Happy Lcnz,
Galveston, with H8; Wild Bill Mehl
horn of Louisville, Ky., Geo. White
head of TuLsa, D. S. Godwin of Gal
veston, and Jack Dold, Houston ama
teur, made 70. Six men made 71, or
one under par.
The tournament proper is on to
morrow, for a total of $2,000.
GALVESTON, Tex., Feb. 15 (UP).
—Hoi-ton Smith, professional Oak
Park, 111., and John Dawson of Chi
cago turned in a sizzling G5, seven
under par, today to win the pro
amateur event of the Galveston open
golf tournament. Others in the run
ning are Byron Nelson, Texarkana,
and Gaston Peek, Galveston, with
70; Jimmy Demaret and Happy Lcnz,
Galveston, with H8; Wild Bill Mehl
horn of Louisville, Ky., Geo. White
head of TuLsa, D. S. Godwin of Gal
veston, and Jack Dold, Houston ama
teur, made 70. Six men made 71, or
one under par.
The tournament proper is on to
morrow, for a total of $2,000.
GALVESTON, Tex., Feb. 15 (UP).
—Hoi-ton Smith, professional Oak
Park, 111., and John Dawson of Chi
cago turned in a sizzling G5, seven
under par, today to win the pro
amateur event of the Galveston open
golf tournament. Others in the run
ning are Byron Nelson, Texarkana,
and Gaston Peek, Galveston, with
70; Jimmy Demaret and Happy Lcnz,
Galveston, with H8; Wild Bill Mehl
horn of Louisville, Ky., Geo. White
head of TuLsa, D. S. Godwin of Gal
veston, and Jack Dold, Houston ama
teur, made 70. Six men made 71, or
one under par.
The tournament proper is on to
morrow, for a total of $2,000.
GALVESTON, Tex., Feb. 15 (UP).
—Hoi-ton Smith, professional Oak
Park, 111., and John Dawson of Chi
cago turned in a sizzling G5, seven
under par, today to win the pro
amateur event of the Galveston open
golf tournament. Others in the run
ning are Byron Nelson, Texarkana,
and Gaston Peek, Galveston, with
70; Jimmy Demaret and Happy Lcnz,
Galveston, with H8; Wild Bill Mehl
horn of Louisville, Ky., Geo. White
head of TuLsa, D. S. Godwin of Gal
veston, and Jack Dold, Houston ama
teur, made 70. Six men made 71, or
one under par.
The tournament proper is on to
morrow, for a total of $2,000.
GALVESTON, Tex., Feb. 15 (UP).
—Hoi-ton Smith, professional Oak
Park, 111., and John Dawson of Chi
cago turned in a sizzling G5, seven
under par, today to win the pro
amateur event of the Galveston open
golf tournament. Others in the run
ning are Byron Nelson, Texarkana,
and Gaston Peek, Galveston, with
70; Jimmy Demaret and Happy Lcnz,
Galveston, with H8; Wild Bill Mehl
horn of Louisville, Ky., Geo. White
head of TuLsa, D. S. Godwin of Gal
veston, and Jack Dold, Houston ama
teur, made 70. Six men made 71, or
one under par.
The tournament proper is on to
morrow, for a total of $2,000.
GALVESTON, Tex., Feb. 15 (UP).
—Hoi-ton Smith, professional Oak
Park, 111., and John Dawson of Chi
cago turned in a sizzling G5, seven
under par, today to win the pro
amateur event of the Galveston open
golf tournament. Others in the run
ning are Byron Nelson, Texarkana,
and Gaston Peek, Galveston, with
70; Jimmy Demaret and Happy Lcnz,
Galveston, with H8; Wild Bill Mehl
horn of Louisville, Ky., Geo. White
head of TuLsa, D. S. Godwin of Gal
veston, and Jack Dold, Houston ama
teur, made 70. Six men made 71, or
one under par.
The tournament proper is on to
morrow, for a total of $2,000.
GALVESTON, Tex., Feb. 15 (UP).
—Hoi-ton Smith, professional Oak
Park, 111., and John Dawson of Chi
cago turned in a sizzling G5, seven
under par, today to win the pro
amateur event of the Galveston open
golf tournament. Others in the run
ning are Byron Nelson, Texarkana,
and Gaston Peek, Galveston, with
70; Jimmy Demaret and Happy Lcnz,
Galveston, with H8; Wild Bill Mehl
horn of Louisville, Ky., Geo. White
head of TuLsa, D. S. Godwin of Gal
veston, and Jack Dold, Houston ama
teur, made 70. Six men made 71, or
one under par.
The tournament proper is on to
morrow, for a total of $2,000.
GALVESTON, Tex., Feb. 15 (UP).
—Hoi-ton Smith, professional Oak
Park, 111., and John Dawson of Chi
cago turned in a sizzling G5, seven
under par, today to win the pro
amateur event of the Galveston open
golf tournament. Others in the run
ning are Byron Nelson, Texarkana,
and Gaston Peek, Galveston, with
70; Jimmy Demaret and Happy Lcnz,
Galveston, with H8; Wild Bill Mehl
horn of Louisville, Ky., Geo. White
head of TuLsa, D. S. Godwin of Gal
veston, and Jack Dold, Houston ama
teur, made 70. Six men made 71, or
one under par.
The tournament proper is on to
morrow, for a total of $2,000.
GALVESTON, Tex., Feb. 15 (UP).
—Hoi-ton Smith, professional Oak
Park, 111., and John Dawson of Chi
cago turned in a sizzling G5, seven
under par, today to win the pro
amateur event of the Galveston open
golf tournament. Others in the run
ning are Byron Nelson, Texarkana,
and Gaston Peek, Galveston, with
70; Jimmy Demaret and Happy Lcnz,
Galveston, with H8; Wild Bill Mehl
horn of Louisville, Ky., Geo. White
head of TuLsa, D. S. Godwin of Gal
veston, and Jack Dold, Houston ama
teur, made 70. Six men made 71, or
one under par.
The tournament proper is on to
morrow, for a total of $2,000.
GALVESTON, Tex., Feb. 15 (UP).
—Hoi-ton Smith, professional Oak
Park, 111., and John Dawson of Chi
cago turned in a sizzling G5, seven
under par, today to win the pro
amateur event of the Galveston open
golf tournament. Others in the run
ning are Byron Nelson, Texarkana,
and Gaston Peek, Galveston, with
70; Jimmy Demaret and Happy Lcnz,
Galveston, with H8; Wild Bill Mehl
horn of Louisville, Ky., Geo. White
head of TuLsa, D. S. Godwin of Gal
veston, and Jack Dold, Houston ama
teur, made 70. Six men made 71, or
one under par.
The tournament proper is on to
morrow, for a total of $2,000.
GALVESTON, Tex., Feb. 15 (UP).
—Hoi-ton Smith, professional Oak
Park, 111., and John Dawson of Chi
cago turned in a sizzling G5, seven
under par, today to win the pro
amateur event of the Galveston open
golf tournament. Others in the run
ning are Byron Nelson, Texarkana,
and Gaston Peek, Galveston, with
70; Jimmy Demaret and Happy Lcnz,
Galveston, with H8; Wild Bill Mehl
horn of Louisville, Ky., Geo. White
head of TuLsa, D. S. Godwin of Gal
veston, and Jack Dold, Houston ama
teur, made 70. Six men made 71, or
one under par.
The tournament proper is on to
morrow, for a total of $2,000.
GALVESTON, Tex., Feb. 15 (UP).
—Hoi-ton Smith, professional Oak
Park, 111., and John Dawson of Chi
cago turned in a sizzling G5, seven
under par, today to win the pro
amateur event of the Galveston open
golf tournament. Others in the run
ning are Byron Nelson, Texarkana,
and Gaston Peek, Galveston, with
70; Jimmy Demaret and Happy Lcnz,
Galveston, with H8; Wild Bill Mehl
horn of Louisville, Ky., Geo. White
head of TuLsa, D. S. Godwin of Gal
veston, and Jack Dold, Houston ama
teur, made 70. Six men made 71, or
one under par.
The tournament proper is on to
morrow, for a total of $2,000.
GALVESTON, Tex., Feb. 15 (UP).
—Hoi-ton Smith, professional Oak
Park, 111., and John Dawson of Chi
cago turned in a sizzling G5, seven
under par, today to win the pro
amateur event of the Galveston open
golf tournament. Others in the run
ning are Byron Nelson, Texarkana,
and Gaston Peek, Galveston, with
70; Jimmy Demaret and Happy Lcnz,
Galveston, with H8; Wild Bill Mehl
horn of Louisville, Ky., Geo. White
head of TuLsa, D. S. Godwin of Gal
veston, and Jack Dold, Houston ama
teur, made 70. Six men made 71, or
one under par.
The tournament proper is on to
morrow, for a total of $2,000.
GALVESTON, Tex., Feb. 15 (UP).
—Hoi-ton Smith, professional Oak
Park, 111., and John Dawson of Chi
cago turned in a sizzling G5, seven
under par, today to win the pro
amateur event of the Galveston open
golf tournament. Others in the run
ning are Byron Nelson, Texarkana,
and Gaston Peek, Galveston, with
70; Jimmy Demaret and Happy Lcnz,
Galveston, with H8; Wild Bill Mehl
horn of Louisville, Ky., Geo. White
head of TuLsa, D. S. Godwin of Gal
veston, and Jack Dold, Houston ama
teur, made 70. Six men made 71, or
one under par.
The tournament proper is on to
morrow, for a total of $2,000.
