# POSSIBILITIES OF BOATING DWINDLE; LAGUNITA EMPTY
## 
### 
Little hope for the filling of
Lagunita and the attendant
spring boating and swimming
is held by Assistant Superin
tendent of Buildings and
Grounds James McDonnell,
who has as his official charge
the health and well-being of
University reservoirs: Sears
ville and Fell.
Yesterday's rain, uidess it
continues, will have little ef
fect on Lagunita, which, at
present, has enough water in
it to get a healthy mosquito a
bad case of cold feet. The rain
only dropped .33 of ari inch
on the campus, and has a long
way to go before it can fill
Searsville Lake, which is only
57 per cent filled, and Felt
Lake, which is only 34 per
cent full. Lagunita can only
be filled after Searsville and
Felt are filled.
Little hope for the filling of
Lagunita and the attendant
spring boating and swimming
is held by Assistant Superin
tendent of Buildings and
Grounds James McDonnell,
who has as his official charge
the health and well-being of
University reservoirs: Sears
ville and Fell.
Yesterday's rain, uidess it
continues, will have little ef
fect on Lagunita, which, at
present, has enough water in
it to get a healthy mosquito a
bad case of cold feet. The rain
only dropped .33 of ari inch
on the campus, and has a long
way to go before it can fill
Searsville Lake, which is only
57 per cent filled, and Felt
Lake, which is only 34 per
cent full. Lagunita can only
be filled after Searsville and
Felt are filled.
Little hope for the filling of
Lagunita and the attendant
spring boating and swimming
is held by Assistant Superin
tendent of Buildings and
Grounds James McDonnell,
who has as his official charge
the health and well-being of
University reservoirs: Sears
ville and Fell.
Yesterday's rain, uidess it
continues, will have little ef
fect on Lagunita, which, at
present, has enough water in
it to get a healthy mosquito a
bad case of cold feet. The rain
only dropped .33 of ari inch
on the campus, and has a long
way to go before it can fill
Searsville Lake, which is only
57 per cent filled, and Felt
Lake, which is only 34 per
cent full. Lagunita can only
be filled after Searsville and
Felt are filled.
Little hope for the filling of
Lagunita and the attendant
spring boating and swimming
is held by Assistant Superin
tendent of Buildings and
Grounds James McDonnell,
who has as his official charge
the health and well-being of
University reservoirs: Sears
ville and Fell.
Yesterday's rain, uidess it
continues, will have little ef
fect on Lagunita, which, at
present, has enough water in
it to get a healthy mosquito a
bad case of cold feet. The rain
only dropped .33 of ari inch
on the campus, and has a long
way to go before it can fill
Searsville Lake, which is only
57 per cent filled, and Felt
Lake, which is only 34 per
cent full. Lagunita can only
be filled after Searsville and
Felt are filled.
Little hope for the filling of
Lagunita and the attendant
spring boating and swimming
is held by Assistant Superin
tendent of Buildings and
Grounds James McDonnell,
who has as his official charge
the health and well-being of
University reservoirs: Sears
ville and Fell.
Yesterday's rain, uidess it
continues, will have little ef
fect on Lagunita, which, at
present, has enough water in
it to get a healthy mosquito a
bad case of cold feet. The rain
only dropped .33 of ari inch
on the campus, and has a long
way to go before it can fill
Searsville Lake, which is only
57 per cent filled, and Felt
Lake, which is only 34 per
cent full. Lagunita can only
be filled after Searsville and
Felt are filled.
Little hope for the filling of
Lagunita and the attendant
spring boating and swimming
is held by Assistant Superin
tendent of Buildings and
Grounds James McDonnell,
who has as his official charge
the health and well-being of
University reservoirs: Sears
ville and Fell.
Yesterday's rain, uidess it
continues, will have little ef
fect on Lagunita, which, at
present, has enough water in
it to get a healthy mosquito a
bad case of cold feet. The rain
only dropped .33 of ari inch
on the campus, and has a long
way to go before it can fill
Searsville Lake, which is only
57 per cent filled, and Felt
Lake, which is only 34 per
cent full. Lagunita can only
be filled after Searsville and
Felt are filled.
Little hope for the filling of
Lagunita and the attendant
spring boating and swimming
is held by Assistant Superin
tendent of Buildings and
Grounds James McDonnell,
who has as his official charge
the health and well-being of
University reservoirs: Sears
ville and Fell.
Yesterday's rain, uidess it
continues, will have little ef
fect on Lagunita, which, at
present, has enough water in
it to get a healthy mosquito a
bad case of cold feet. The rain
only dropped .33 of ari inch
on the campus, and has a long
way to go before it can fill
Searsville Lake, which is only
57 per cent filled, and Felt
Lake, which is only 34 per
cent full. Lagunita can only
be filled after Searsville and
Felt are filled.
Little hope for the filling of
Lagunita and the attendant
spring boating and swimming
is held by Assistant Superin
tendent of Buildings and
Grounds James McDonnell,
who has as his official charge
the health and well-being of
University reservoirs: Sears
ville and Fell.
Yesterday's rain, uidess it
continues, will have little ef
fect on Lagunita, which, at
present, has enough water in
it to get a healthy mosquito a
bad case of cold feet. The rain
only dropped .33 of ari inch
on the campus, and has a long
way to go before it can fill
Searsville Lake, which is only
57 per cent filled, and Felt
Lake, which is only 34 per
cent full. Lagunita can only
be filled after Searsville and
Felt are filled.
Little hope for the filling of
Lagunita and the attendant
spring boating and swimming
is held by Assistant Superin
tendent of Buildings and
Grounds James McDonnell,
who has as his official charge
the health and well-being of
University reservoirs: Sears
ville and Fell.
Yesterday's rain, uidess it
continues, will have little ef
fect on Lagunita, which, at
present, has enough water in
it to get a healthy mosquito a
bad case of cold feet. The rain
only dropped .33 of ari inch
on the campus, and has a long
way to go before it can fill
Searsville Lake, which is only
57 per cent filled, and Felt
Lake, which is only 34 per
cent full. Lagunita can only
be filled after Searsville and
Felt are filled.
Little hope for the filling of
Lagunita and the attendant
spring boating and swimming
is held by Assistant Superin
tendent of Buildings and
Grounds James McDonnell,
who has as his official charge
the health and well-being of
University reservoirs: Sears
ville and Fell.
Yesterday's rain, uidess it
continues, will have little ef
fect on Lagunita, which, at
present, has enough water in
it to get a healthy mosquito a
bad case of cold feet. The rain
only dropped .33 of ari inch
on the campus, and has a long
way to go before it can fill
Searsville Lake, which is only
57 per cent filled, and Felt
Lake, which is only 34 per
cent full. Lagunita can only
be filled after Searsville and
Felt are filled.
Little hope for the filling of
Lagunita and the attendant
spring boating and swimming
is held by Assistant Superin
tendent of Buildings and
Grounds James McDonnell,
who has as his official charge
the health and well-being of
University reservoirs: Sears
ville and Fell.
Yesterday's rain, uidess it
continues, will have little ef
fect on Lagunita, which, at
present, has enough water in
it to get a healthy mosquito a
bad case of cold feet. The rain
only dropped .33 of ari inch
on the campus, and has a long
way to go before it can fill
Searsville Lake, which is only
57 per cent filled, and Felt
Lake, which is only 34 per
cent full. Lagunita can only
be filled after Searsville and
Felt are filled.
Little hope for the filling of
Lagunita and the attendant
spring boating and swimming
is held by Assistant Superin
tendent of Buildings and
Grounds James McDonnell,
who has as his official charge
the health and well-being of
University reservoirs: Sears
ville and Fell.
Yesterday's rain, uidess it
continues, will have little ef
fect on Lagunita, which, at
present, has enough water in
it to get a healthy mosquito a
bad case of cold feet. The rain
only dropped .33 of ari inch
on the campus, and has a long
way to go before it can fill
Searsville Lake, which is only
57 per cent filled, and Felt
Lake, which is only 34 per
cent full. Lagunita can only
be filled after Searsville and
Felt are filled.
Little hope for the filling of
Lagunita and the attendant
spring boating and swimming
is held by Assistant Superin
tendent of Buildings and
Grounds James McDonnell,
who has as his official charge
the health and well-being of
University reservoirs: Sears
ville and Fell.
Yesterday's rain, uidess it
continues, will have little ef
fect on Lagunita, which, at
present, has enough water in
it to get a healthy mosquito a
bad case of cold feet. The rain
only dropped .33 of ari inch
on the campus, and has a long
way to go before it can fill
Searsville Lake, which is only
57 per cent filled, and Felt
Lake, which is only 34 per
cent full. Lagunita can only
be filled after Searsville and
Felt are filled.
Little hope for the filling of
Lagunita and the attendant
spring boating and swimming
is held by Assistant Superin
tendent of Buildings and
Grounds James McDonnell,
who has as his official charge
the health and well-being of
University reservoirs: Sears
ville and Fell.
Yesterday's rain, uidess it
continues, will have little ef
fect on Lagunita, which, at
present, has enough water in
it to get a healthy mosquito a
bad case of cold feet. The rain
only dropped .33 of ari inch
on the campus, and has a long
way to go before it can fill
Searsville Lake, which is only
57 per cent filled, and Felt
Lake, which is only 34 per
cent full. Lagunita can only
be filled after Searsville and
Felt are filled.
Little hope for the filling of
Lagunita and the attendant
spring boating and swimming
is held by Assistant Superin
tendent of Buildings and
Grounds James McDonnell,
who has as his official charge
the health and well-being of
University reservoirs: Sears
ville and Fell.
Yesterday's rain, uidess it
continues, will have little ef
fect on Lagunita, which, at
present, has enough water in
it to get a healthy mosquito a
bad case of cold feet. The rain
only dropped .33 of ari inch
on the campus, and has a long
way to go before it can fill
Searsville Lake, which is only
57 per cent filled, and Felt
Lake, which is only 34 per
cent full. Lagunita can only
be filled after Searsville and
Felt are filled.
