# Daily Scribes Meet For Banquet Tomorrow Night
## 
### 
"Making the deadline" passes into
temporary oblivion as Drily scribes
gather Saturday night for the semi
annual banquet.
Dinner and customary speeches,
with dancing following, are; the or
der of the evening. Special cfT
campus permission was obtained be
cause of the unusually large atten
dance anticipated.
The editorial boards, old and new,
are guests of honor, financial back
ing for the fourth estate's night out
being provided by the 19 sftif? neo
phytes.
"Making the deadline" passes into
temporary oblivion as Drily scribes
gather Saturday night for the semi
annual banquet.
Dinner and customary speeches,
with dancing following, are; the or
der of the evening. Special cfT
campus permission was obtained be
cause of the unusually large atten
dance anticipated.
The editorial boards, old and new,
are guests of honor, financial back
ing for the fourth estate's night out
being provided by the 19 sftif? neo
phytes.
"Making the deadline" passes into
temporary oblivion as Drily scribes
gather Saturday night for the semi
annual banquet.
Dinner and customary speeches,
with dancing following, are; the or
der of the evening. Special cfT
campus permission was obtained be
cause of the unusually large atten
dance anticipated.
The editorial boards, old and new,
are guests of honor, financial back
ing for the fourth estate's night out
being provided by the 19 sftif? neo
phytes.
"Making the deadline" passes into
temporary oblivion as Drily scribes
gather Saturday night for the semi
annual banquet.
Dinner and customary speeches,
with dancing following, are; the or
der of the evening. Special cfT
campus permission was obtained be
cause of the unusually large atten
dance anticipated.
The editorial boards, old and new,
are guests of honor, financial back
ing for the fourth estate's night out
being provided by the 19 sftif? neo
phytes.
"Making the deadline" passes into
temporary oblivion as Drily scribes
gather Saturday night for the semi
annual banquet.
Dinner and customary speeches,
with dancing following, are; the or
der of the evening. Special cfT
campus permission was obtained be
cause of the unusually large atten
dance anticipated.
The editorial boards, old and new,
are guests of honor, financial back
ing for the fourth estate's night out
being provided by the 19 sftif? neo
phytes.
"Making the deadline" passes into
temporary oblivion as Drily scribes
gather Saturday night for the semi
annual banquet.
Dinner and customary speeches,
with dancing following, are; the or
der of the evening. Special cfT
campus permission was obtained be
cause of the unusually large atten
dance anticipated.
The editorial boards, old and new,
are guests of honor, financial back
ing for the fourth estate's night out
being provided by the 19 sftif? neo
phytes.
"Making the deadline" passes into
temporary oblivion as Drily scribes
gather Saturday night for the semi
annual banquet.
Dinner and customary speeches,
with dancing following, are; the or
der of the evening. Special cfT
campus permission was obtained be
cause of the unusually large atten
dance anticipated.
The editorial boards, old and new,
are guests of honor, financial back
ing for the fourth estate's night out
being provided by the 19 sftif? neo
phytes.
"Making the deadline" passes into
temporary oblivion as Drily scribes
gather Saturday night for the semi
annual banquet.
Dinner and customary speeches,
with dancing following, are; the or
der of the evening. Special cfT
campus permission was obtained be
cause of the unusually large atten
dance anticipated.
The editorial boards, old and new,
are guests of honor, financial back
ing for the fourth estate's night out
being provided by the 19 sftif? neo
phytes.
"Making the deadline" passes into
temporary oblivion as Drily scribes
gather Saturday night for the semi
annual banquet.
Dinner and customary speeches,
with dancing following, are; the or
der of the evening. Special cfT
campus permission was obtained be
cause of the unusually large atten
dance anticipated.
The editorial boards, old and new,
are guests of honor, financial back
ing for the fourth estate's night out
being provided by the 19 sftif? neo
phytes.
"Making the deadline" passes into
temporary oblivion as Drily scribes
gather Saturday night for the semi
annual banquet.
Dinner and customary speeches,
with dancing following, are; the or
der of the evening. Special cfT
campus permission was obtained be
cause of the unusually large atten
dance anticipated.
The editorial boards, old and new,
are guests of honor, financial back
ing for the fourth estate's night out
being provided by the 19 sftif? neo
phytes.
"Making the deadline" passes into
temporary oblivion as Drily scribes
gather Saturday night for the semi
annual banquet.
Dinner and customary speeches,
with dancing following, are; the or
der of the evening. Special cfT
campus permission was obtained be
cause of the unusually large atten
dance anticipated.
The editorial boards, old and new,
are guests of honor, financial back
ing for the fourth estate's night out
being provided by the 19 sftif? neo
phytes.
"Making the deadline" passes into
temporary oblivion as Drily scribes
gather Saturday night for the semi
annual banquet.
Dinner and customary speeches,
with dancing following, are; the or
der of the evening. Special cfT
campus permission was obtained be
cause of the unusually large atten
dance anticipated.
The editorial boards, old and new,
are guests of honor, financial back
ing for the fourth estate's night out
being provided by the 19 sftif? neo
phytes.
"Making the deadline" passes into
temporary oblivion as Drily scribes
gather Saturday night for the semi
annual banquet.
Dinner and customary speeches,
with dancing following, are; the or
der of the evening. Special cfT
campus permission was obtained be
cause of the unusually large atten
dance anticipated.
The editorial boards, old and new,
are guests of honor, financial back
ing for the fourth estate's night out
being provided by the 19 sftif? neo
phytes.
"Making the deadline" passes into
temporary oblivion as Drily scribes
gather Saturday night for the semi
annual banquet.
Dinner and customary speeches,
with dancing following, are; the or
der of the evening. Special cfT
campus permission was obtained be
cause of the unusually large atten
dance anticipated.
The editorial boards, old and new,
are guests of honor, financial back
ing for the fourth estate's night out
being provided by the 19 sftif? neo
phytes.
"Making the deadline" passes into
temporary oblivion as Drily scribes
gather Saturday night for the semi
annual banquet.
Dinner and customary speeches,
with dancing following, are; the or
der of the evening. Special cfT
campus permission was obtained be
cause of the unusually large atten
dance anticipated.
The editorial boards, old and new,
are guests of honor, financial back
ing for the fourth estate's night out
being provided by the 19 sftif? neo
phytes.
