# FRESHMAN BASEBALL SQUAD GETS THREE NEW MEN TO BOLSTER TEAM'S CHANCES
## 
### 
Fi'eshman baseball practice on the
Farm Monday was marked by the
appearance of three new men,
Kuechler, Massey, and Wright, from
Coach Bunn's yearling basketball
squad.
Massey is a catcher who should
materially bolster the backstop po
sition. Dodge has been working be
hind the plate in all games this
season and will welcome occasional
relief.
Kuechler's height stamps him as
a first baseman, where he should
offer an ample target for the in

fielders. Hern and Ottenheimer have
been covering the bag capably, but
Kuechler may be able to work in a
number of games this season. The
presence of Wright, a fielder, will
also add strength to Coach Cudde
back's reserves.
The next engagement of the fresh
men comes on Wednesday afternoon
against Sequoia High School. Warm
er weather will lend effectiveness
to the Stanford pitching staff, espe
cially Anderson, who has been re
luctant to cut loose on cold and
windy days.
Fi'eshman baseball practice on the
Farm Monday was marked by the
appearance of three new men,
Kuechler, Massey, and Wright, from
Coach Bunn's yearling basketball
squad.
Massey is a catcher who should
materially bolster the backstop po
sition. Dodge has been working be
hind the plate in all games this
season and will welcome occasional
relief.
Kuechler's height stamps him as
a first baseman, where he should
offer an ample target for the in

fielders. Hern and Ottenheimer have
been covering the bag capably, but
Kuechler may be able to work in a
number of games this season. The
presence of Wright, a fielder, will
also add strength to Coach Cudde
back's reserves.
The next engagement of the fresh
men comes on Wednesday afternoon
against Sequoia High School. Warm
er weather will lend effectiveness
to the Stanford pitching staff, espe
cially Anderson, who has been re
luctant to cut loose on cold and
windy days.
Fi'eshman baseball practice on the
Farm Monday was marked by the
appearance of three new men,
Kuechler, Massey, and Wright, from
Coach Bunn's yearling basketball
squad.
Massey is a catcher who should
materially bolster the backstop po
sition. Dodge has been working be
hind the plate in all games this
season and will welcome occasional
relief.
Kuechler's height stamps him as
a first baseman, where he should
offer an ample target for the in

fielders. Hern and Ottenheimer have
been covering the bag capably, but
Kuechler may be able to work in a
number of games this season. The
presence of Wright, a fielder, will
also add strength to Coach Cudde
back's reserves.
The next engagement of the fresh
men comes on Wednesday afternoon
against Sequoia High School. Warm
er weather will lend effectiveness
to the Stanford pitching staff, espe
cially Anderson, who has been re
luctant to cut loose on cold and
windy days.
Fi'eshman baseball practice on the
Farm Monday was marked by the
appearance of three new men,
Kuechler, Massey, and Wright, from
Coach Bunn's yearling basketball
squad.
Massey is a catcher who should
materially bolster the backstop po
sition. Dodge has been working be
hind the plate in all games this
season and will welcome occasional
relief.
Kuechler's height stamps him as
a first baseman, where he should
offer an ample target for the in

fielders. Hern and Ottenheimer have
been covering the bag capably, but
Kuechler may be able to work in a
number of games this season. The
presence of Wright, a fielder, will
also add strength to Coach Cudde
back's reserves.
The next engagement of the fresh
men comes on Wednesday afternoon
against Sequoia High School. Warm
er weather will lend effectiveness
to the Stanford pitching staff, espe
cially Anderson, who has been re
luctant to cut loose on cold and
windy days.
Fi'eshman baseball practice on the
Farm Monday was marked by the
appearance of three new men,
Kuechler, Massey, and Wright, from
Coach Bunn's yearling basketball
squad.
Massey is a catcher who should
materially bolster the backstop po
sition. Dodge has been working be
hind the plate in all games this
season and will welcome occasional
relief.
Kuechler's height stamps him as
a first baseman, where he should
offer an ample target for the in

fielders. Hern and Ottenheimer have
been covering the bag capably, but
Kuechler may be able to work in a
number of games this season. The
presence of Wright, a fielder, will
also add strength to Coach Cudde
back's reserves.
The next engagement of the fresh
men comes on Wednesday afternoon
against Sequoia High School. Warm
er weather will lend effectiveness
to the Stanford pitching staff, espe
cially Anderson, who has been re
luctant to cut loose on cold and
windy days.
Fi'eshman baseball practice on the
Farm Monday was marked by the
appearance of three new men,
Kuechler, Massey, and Wright, from
Coach Bunn's yearling basketball
squad.
Massey is a catcher who should
materially bolster the backstop po
sition. Dodge has been working be
hind the plate in all games this
season and will welcome occasional
relief.
Kuechler's height stamps him as
a first baseman, where he should
offer an ample target for the in

fielders. Hern and Ottenheimer have
been covering the bag capably, but
Kuechler may be able to work in a
number of games this season. The
presence of Wright, a fielder, will
also add strength to Coach Cudde
back's reserves.
The next engagement of the fresh
men comes on Wednesday afternoon
against Sequoia High School. Warm
er weather will lend effectiveness
to the Stanford pitching staff, espe
cially Anderson, who has been re
luctant to cut loose on cold and
windy days.
Fi'eshman baseball practice on the
Farm Monday was marked by the
appearance of three new men,
Kuechler, Massey, and Wright, from
Coach Bunn's yearling basketball
squad.
Massey is a catcher who should
materially bolster the backstop po
sition. Dodge has been working be
hind the plate in all games this
season and will welcome occasional
relief.
Kuechler's height stamps him as
a first baseman, where he should
offer an ample target for the in

fielders. Hern and Ottenheimer have
been covering the bag capably, but
Kuechler may be able to work in a
number of games this season. The
presence of Wright, a fielder, will
also add strength to Coach Cudde
back's reserves.
The next engagement of the fresh
men comes on Wednesday afternoon
against Sequoia High School. Warm
er weather will lend effectiveness
to the Stanford pitching staff, espe
cially Anderson, who has been re
luctant to cut loose on cold and
windy days.
Fi'eshman baseball practice on the
Farm Monday was marked by the
appearance of three new men,
Kuechler, Massey, and Wright, from
Coach Bunn's yearling basketball
squad.
Massey is a catcher who should
materially bolster the backstop po
sition. Dodge has been working be
hind the plate in all games this
season and will welcome occasional
relief.
Kuechler's height stamps him as
a first baseman, where he should
offer an ample target for the in

fielders. Hern and Ottenheimer have
been covering the bag capably, but
Kuechler may be able to work in a
number of games this season. The
presence of Wright, a fielder, will
also add strength to Coach Cudde
back's reserves.
The next engagement of the fresh
men comes on Wednesday afternoon
against Sequoia High School. Warm
er weather will lend effectiveness
to the Stanford pitching staff, espe
cially Anderson, who has been re
luctant to cut loose on cold and
windy days.
Fi'eshman baseball practice on the
Farm Monday was marked by the
appearance of three new men,
Kuechler, Massey, and Wright, from
Coach Bunn's yearling basketball
squad.
Massey is a catcher who should
materially bolster the backstop po
sition. Dodge has been working be
hind the plate in all games this
season and will welcome occasional
relief.
Kuechler's height stamps him as
a first baseman, where he should
offer an ample target for the in

fielders. Hern and Ottenheimer have
been covering the bag capably, but
Kuechler may be able to work in a
number of games this season. The
presence of Wright, a fielder, will
also add strength to Coach Cudde
back's reserves.
The next engagement of the fresh
men comes on Wednesday afternoon
against Sequoia High School. Warm
er weather will lend effectiveness
to the Stanford pitching staff, espe
cially Anderson, who has been re
luctant to cut loose on cold and
windy days.
Fi'eshman baseball practice on the
Farm Monday was marked by the
appearance of three new men,
Kuechler, Massey, and Wright, from
Coach Bunn's yearling basketball
squad.
Massey is a catcher who should
materially bolster the backstop po
sition. Dodge has been working be
hind the plate in all games this
season and will welcome occasional
relief.
Kuechler's height stamps him as
a first baseman, where he should
offer an ample target for the in

fielders. Hern and Ottenheimer have
been covering the bag capably, but
Kuechler may be able to work in a
number of games this season. The
presence of Wright, a fielder, will
also add strength to Coach Cudde
back's reserves.
The next engagement of the fresh
men comes on Wednesday afternoon
against Sequoia High School. Warm
er weather will lend effectiveness
to the Stanford pitching staff, espe
cially Anderson, who has been re
luctant to cut loose on cold and
windy days.
Fi'eshman baseball practice on the
Farm Monday was marked by the
appearance of three new men,
Kuechler, Massey, and Wright, from
Coach Bunn's yearling basketball
squad.
Massey is a catcher who should
materially bolster the backstop po
sition. Dodge has been working be
hind the plate in all games this
season and will welcome occasional
relief.
Kuechler's height stamps him as
a first baseman, where he should
offer an ample target for the in

fielders. Hern and Ottenheimer have
been covering the bag capably, but
Kuechler may be able to work in a
number of games this season. The
presence of Wright, a fielder, will
also add strength to Coach Cudde
back's reserves.
The next engagement of the fresh
men comes on Wednesday afternoon
against Sequoia High School. Warm
er weather will lend effectiveness
to the Stanford pitching staff, espe
cially Anderson, who has been re
luctant to cut loose on cold and
windy days.
Fi'eshman baseball practice on the
Farm Monday was marked by the
appearance of three new men,
Kuechler, Massey, and Wright, from
Coach Bunn's yearling basketball
squad.
Massey is a catcher who should
materially bolster the backstop po
sition. Dodge has been working be
hind the plate in all games this
season and will welcome occasional
relief.
Kuechler's height stamps him as
a first baseman, where he should
offer an ample target for the in

fielders. Hern and Ottenheimer have
been covering the bag capably, but
Kuechler may be able to work in a
number of games this season. The
presence of Wright, a fielder, will
also add strength to Coach Cudde
back's reserves.
The next engagement of the fresh
men comes on Wednesday afternoon
against Sequoia High School. Warm
er weather will lend effectiveness
to the Stanford pitching staff, espe
cially Anderson, who has been re
luctant to cut loose on cold and
windy days.
Fi'eshman baseball practice on the
Farm Monday was marked by the
appearance of three new men,
Kuechler, Massey, and Wright, from
Coach Bunn's yearling basketball
squad.
Massey is a catcher who should
materially bolster the backstop po
sition. Dodge has been working be
hind the plate in all games this
season and will welcome occasional
relief.
Kuechler's height stamps him as
a first baseman, where he should
offer an ample target for the in

fielders. Hern and Ottenheimer have
been covering the bag capably, but
Kuechler may be able to work in a
number of games this season. The
presence of Wright, a fielder, will
also add strength to Coach Cudde
back's reserves.
The next engagement of the fresh
men comes on Wednesday afternoon
against Sequoia High School. Warm
er weather will lend effectiveness
to the Stanford pitching staff, espe
cially Anderson, who has been re
luctant to cut loose on cold and
windy days.
Fi'eshman baseball practice on the
Farm Monday was marked by the
appearance of three new men,
Kuechler, Massey, and Wright, from
Coach Bunn's yearling basketball
squad.
Massey is a catcher who should
materially bolster the backstop po
sition. Dodge has been working be
hind the plate in all games this
season and will welcome occasional
relief.
Kuechler's height stamps him as
a first baseman, where he should
offer an ample target for the in

fielders. Hern and Ottenheimer have
been covering the bag capably, but
Kuechler may be able to work in a
number of games this season. The
presence of Wright, a fielder, will
also add strength to Coach Cudde
back's reserves.
The next engagement of the fresh
men comes on Wednesday afternoon
against Sequoia High School. Warm
er weather will lend effectiveness
to the Stanford pitching staff, espe
cially Anderson, who has been re
luctant to cut loose on cold and
windy days.
Fi'eshman baseball practice on the
Farm Monday was marked by the
appearance of three new men,
Kuechler, Massey, and Wright, from
Coach Bunn's yearling basketball
squad.
Massey is a catcher who should
materially bolster the backstop po
sition. Dodge has been working be
hind the plate in all games this
season and will welcome occasional
relief.
Kuechler's height stamps him as
a first baseman, where he should
offer an ample target for the in

fielders. Hern and Ottenheimer have
been covering the bag capably, but
Kuechler may be able to work in a
number of games this season. The
presence of Wright, a fielder, will
also add strength to Coach Cudde
back's reserves.
The next engagement of the fresh
men comes on Wednesday afternoon
against Sequoia High School. Warm
er weather will lend effectiveness
to the Stanford pitching staff, espe
cially Anderson, who has been re
luctant to cut loose on cold and
windy days.
