# SOPHOMORES DEFEAT FROSH HOCKEY TEAM
## 
### 
Defeating the freshmen 14-0, tKe |
sophomore hockey team yesterday 1
afternoon won the first game of the
W.A.A. series by fast and hard
playing.
The freshman team was handi
capped by the fact that their goal
keeper, Marion Parker's, hard was j
badly injured in the first half.
Although the score gives the im
pression of one-sided playing, the
game was fast and hard-fought I
throughout, with the freshmen con
testing every sophomore goal.
Defeating the freshmen 14-0, tKe |
sophomore hockey team yesterday 1
afternoon won the first game of the
W.A.A. series by fast and hard
playing.
The freshman team was handi
capped by the fact that their goal
keeper, Marion Parker's, hard was j
badly injured in the first half.
Although the score gives the im
pression of one-sided playing, the
game was fast and hard-fought I
throughout, with the freshmen con
testing every sophomore goal.
Defeating the freshmen 14-0, tKe |
sophomore hockey team yesterday 1
afternoon won the first game of the
W.A.A. series by fast and hard
playing.
The freshman team was handi
capped by the fact that their goal
keeper, Marion Parker's, hard was j
badly injured in the first half.
Although the score gives the im
pression of one-sided playing, the
game was fast and hard-fought I
throughout, with the freshmen con
testing every sophomore goal.
Defeating the freshmen 14-0, tKe |
sophomore hockey team yesterday 1
afternoon won the first game of the
W.A.A. series by fast and hard
playing.
The freshman team was handi
capped by the fact that their goal
keeper, Marion Parker's, hard was j
badly injured in the first half.
Although the score gives the im
pression of one-sided playing, the
game was fast and hard-fought I
throughout, with the freshmen con
testing every sophomore goal.
Defeating the freshmen 14-0, tKe |
sophomore hockey team yesterday 1
afternoon won the first game of the
W.A.A. series by fast and hard
playing.
The freshman team was handi
capped by the fact that their goal
keeper, Marion Parker's, hard was j
badly injured in the first half.
Although the score gives the im
pression of one-sided playing, the
game was fast and hard-fought I
throughout, with the freshmen con
testing every sophomore goal.
Defeating the freshmen 14-0, tKe |
sophomore hockey team yesterday 1
afternoon won the first game of the
W.A.A. series by fast and hard
playing.
The freshman team was handi
capped by the fact that their goal
keeper, Marion Parker's, hard was j
badly injured in the first half.
Although the score gives the im
pression of one-sided playing, the
game was fast and hard-fought I
throughout, with the freshmen con
testing every sophomore goal.
Defeating the freshmen 14-0, tKe |
sophomore hockey team yesterday 1
afternoon won the first game of the
W.A.A. series by fast and hard
playing.
The freshman team was handi
capped by the fact that their goal
keeper, Marion Parker's, hard was j
badly injured in the first half.
Although the score gives the im
pression of one-sided playing, the
game was fast and hard-fought I
throughout, with the freshmen con
testing every sophomore goal.
Defeating the freshmen 14-0, tKe |
sophomore hockey team yesterday 1
afternoon won the first game of the
W.A.A. series by fast and hard
playing.
The freshman team was handi
capped by the fact that their goal
keeper, Marion Parker's, hard was j
badly injured in the first half.
Although the score gives the im
pression of one-sided playing, the
game was fast and hard-fought I
throughout, with the freshmen con
testing every sophomore goal.
Defeating the freshmen 14-0, tKe |
sophomore hockey team yesterday 1
afternoon won the first game of the
W.A.A. series by fast and hard
playing.
The freshman team was handi
capped by the fact that their goal
keeper, Marion Parker's, hard was j
badly injured in the first half.
Although the score gives the im
pression of one-sided playing, the
game was fast and hard-fought I
throughout, with the freshmen con
testing every sophomore goal.
Defeating the freshmen 14-0, tKe |
sophomore hockey team yesterday 1
afternoon won the first game of the
W.A.A. series by fast and hard
playing.
The freshman team was handi
capped by the fact that their goal
keeper, Marion Parker's, hard was j
badly injured in the first half.
Although the score gives the im
pression of one-sided playing, the
game was fast and hard-fought I
throughout, with the freshmen con
testing every sophomore goal.
Defeating the freshmen 14-0, tKe |
sophomore hockey team yesterday 1
afternoon won the first game of the
W.A.A. series by fast and hard
playing.
The freshman team was handi
capped by the fact that their goal
keeper, Marion Parker's, hard was j
badly injured in the first half.
Although the score gives the im
pression of one-sided playing, the
game was fast and hard-fought I
throughout, with the freshmen con
testing every sophomore goal.
Defeating the freshmen 14-0, tKe |
sophomore hockey team yesterday 1
afternoon won the first game of the
W.A.A. series by fast and hard
playing.
The freshman team was handi
capped by the fact that their goal
keeper, Marion Parker's, hard was j
badly injured in the first half.
Although the score gives the im
pression of one-sided playing, the
game was fast and hard-fought I
throughout, with the freshmen con
testing every sophomore goal.
Defeating the freshmen 14-0, tKe |
sophomore hockey team yesterday 1
afternoon won the first game of the
W.A.A. series by fast and hard
playing.
The freshman team was handi
capped by the fact that their goal
keeper, Marion Parker's, hard was j
badly injured in the first half.
Although the score gives the im
pression of one-sided playing, the
game was fast and hard-fought I
throughout, with the freshmen con
testing every sophomore goal.
Defeating the freshmen 14-0, tKe |
sophomore hockey team yesterday 1
afternoon won the first game of the
W.A.A. series by fast and hard
playing.
The freshman team was handi
capped by the fact that their goal
keeper, Marion Parker's, hard was j
badly injured in the first half.
Although the score gives the im
pression of one-sided playing, the
game was fast and hard-fought I
throughout, with the freshmen con
testing every sophomore goal.
Defeating the freshmen 14-0, tKe |
sophomore hockey team yesterday 1
afternoon won the first game of the
W.A.A. series by fast and hard
playing.
The freshman team was handi
capped by the fact that their goal
keeper, Marion Parker's, hard was j
badly injured in the first half.
Although the score gives the im
pression of one-sided playing, the
game was fast and hard-fought I
throughout, with the freshmen con
testing every sophomore goal.
