# YWCA Group Will Tour San Jose Mexican Section
## 
### 
A tour of the ]\lexican quarter of
San Jose has been planned for this
Saturday by the Y.W.C.A. All those
interested should call the Women's
Clubhouse or Jean DeVoss before
tonight. The party will leave from
the Women's Clubhouse at 10 o'clock
Saturday morning.
The group will visit the factories,
clinics, and homes of Mexican labor
ers in the colorful "barrio", or Mexi
can section. Spanish interpreters
v. ill be present to make clear the
speeches to be given by Mexicans.
Social workers will also give talks
to the visitors.
A lunch with Mexican food as the
fare will be served at a restaurant
there. The cost of the erip, includ
ing transportation and luncheon, will
be 55 cents.

The Junior Follies at Oregon State
were omitted this year because of
lack of scripts.
