# Presume to Judge
## 
### 
Editor, The Daily:
How can you presume to be in
a position to judge the Tightness
or wrongness of Miklos Tottossy's
behavior during Mikoyan's arrival
in San Francisco last Saturday?
Is it possible that you condone
the methods of trial and justice
administered to Tottossy in Hun
gary, since your suggestion is
equally biased and unjust?
Obviously you are not aware of
Tottossy's part in the Hungarian
revolution. You do not know of
the cruel beatings on the head
that forced him to make frequent
visits to doctors last quarter. You

do not know of the letter threat
sning Ihe life of his mother. If
you did, perhaps you would un
derstand some of the hatred that
can cause a man to perform an
irrational act. I know, and I am
proud to be a friend and class
mate of Miklos Tot tossy.
I'etcr F. Ifenze
Editor, The Daily:
How can you presume to be in
a position to judge the Tightness
or wrongness of Miklos Tottossy's
behavior during Mikoyan's arrival
in San Francisco last Saturday?
Is it possible that you condone
the methods of trial and justice
administered to Tottossy in Hun
gary, since your suggestion is
equally biased and unjust?
Obviously you are not aware of
Tottossy's part in the Hungarian
revolution. You do not know of
the cruel beatings on the head
that forced him to make frequent
visits to doctors last quarter. You

do not know of the letter threat
sning Ihe life of his mother. If
you did, perhaps you would un
derstand some of the hatred that
can cause a man to perform an
irrational act. I know, and I am
proud to be a friend and class
mate of Miklos Tot tossy.
I'etcr F. Ifenze
Editor, The Daily:
How can you presume to be in
a position to judge the Tightness
or wrongness of Miklos Tottossy's
behavior during Mikoyan's arrival
in San Francisco last Saturday?
Is it possible that you condone
the methods of trial and justice
administered to Tottossy in Hun
gary, since your suggestion is
equally biased and unjust?
Obviously you are not aware of
Tottossy's part in the Hungarian
revolution. You do not know of
the cruel beatings on the head
that forced him to make frequent
visits to doctors last quarter. You

do not know of the letter threat
sning Ihe life of his mother. If
you did, perhaps you would un
derstand some of the hatred that
can cause a man to perform an
irrational act. I know, and I am
proud to be a friend and class
mate of Miklos Tot tossy.
I'etcr F. Ifenze
Editor, The Daily:
How can you presume to be in
a position to judge the Tightness
or wrongness of Miklos Tottossy's
behavior during Mikoyan's arrival
in San Francisco last Saturday?
Is it possible that you condone
the methods of trial and justice
administered to Tottossy in Hun
gary, since your suggestion is
equally biased and unjust?
Obviously you are not aware of
Tottossy's part in the Hungarian
revolution. You do not know of
the cruel beatings on the head
that forced him to make frequent
visits to doctors last quarter. You

do not know of the letter threat
sning Ihe life of his mother. If
you did, perhaps you would un
derstand some of the hatred that
can cause a man to perform an
irrational act. I know, and I am
proud to be a friend and class
mate of Miklos Tot tossy.
I'etcr F. Ifenze
Editor, The Daily:
How can you presume to be in
a position to judge the Tightness
or wrongness of Miklos Tottossy's
behavior during Mikoyan's arrival
in San Francisco last Saturday?
Is it possible that you condone
the methods of trial and justice
administered to Tottossy in Hun
gary, since your suggestion is
equally biased and unjust?
Obviously you are not aware of
Tottossy's part in the Hungarian
revolution. You do not know of
the cruel beatings on the head
that forced him to make frequent
visits to doctors last quarter. You

do not know of the letter threat
sning Ihe life of his mother. If
you did, perhaps you would un
derstand some of the hatred that
can cause a man to perform an
irrational act. I know, and I am
proud to be a friend and class
mate of Miklos Tot tossy.
I'etcr F. Ifenze
Editor, The Daily:
How can you presume to be in
a position to judge the Tightness
or wrongness of Miklos Tottossy's
behavior during Mikoyan's arrival
in San Francisco last Saturday?
Is it possible that you condone
the methods of trial and justice
administered to Tottossy in Hun
gary, since your suggestion is
equally biased and unjust?
Obviously you are not aware of
Tottossy's part in the Hungarian
revolution. You do not know of
the cruel beatings on the head
that forced him to make frequent
visits to doctors last quarter. You

do not know of the letter threat
sning Ihe life of his mother. If
you did, perhaps you would un
derstand some of the hatred that
can cause a man to perform an
irrational act. I know, and I am
proud to be a friend and class
mate of Miklos Tot tossy.
I'etcr F. Ifenze
Editor, The Daily:
How can you presume to be in
a position to judge the Tightness
or wrongness of Miklos Tottossy's
behavior during Mikoyan's arrival
in San Francisco last Saturday?
Is it possible that you condone
the methods of trial and justice
administered to Tottossy in Hun
gary, since your suggestion is
equally biased and unjust?
Obviously you are not aware of
Tottossy's part in the Hungarian
revolution. You do not know of
the cruel beatings on the head
that forced him to make frequent
visits to doctors last quarter. You

do not know of the letter threat
sning Ihe life of his mother. If
you did, perhaps you would un
derstand some of the hatred that
can cause a man to perform an
irrational act. I know, and I am
proud to be a friend and class
mate of Miklos Tot tossy.
I'etcr F. Ifenze
Editor, The Daily:
How can you presume to be in
a position to judge the Tightness
or wrongness of Miklos Tottossy's
behavior during Mikoyan's arrival
in San Francisco last Saturday?
Is it possible that you condone
the methods of trial and justice
administered to Tottossy in Hun
gary, since your suggestion is
equally biased and unjust?
Obviously you are not aware of
Tottossy's part in the Hungarian
revolution. You do not know of
the cruel beatings on the head
that forced him to make frequent
visits to doctors last quarter. You

do not know of the letter threat
sning Ihe life of his mother. If
you did, perhaps you would un
derstand some of the hatred that
can cause a man to perform an
irrational act. I know, and I am
proud to be a friend and class
mate of Miklos Tot tossy.
I'etcr F. Ifenze
Editor, The Daily:
How can you presume to be in
a position to judge the Tightness
or wrongness of Miklos Tottossy's
behavior during Mikoyan's arrival
in San Francisco last Saturday?
Is it possible that you condone
the methods of trial and justice
administered to Tottossy in Hun
gary, since your suggestion is
equally biased and unjust?
Obviously you are not aware of
Tottossy's part in the Hungarian
revolution. You do not know of
the cruel beatings on the head
that forced him to make frequent
visits to doctors last quarter. You

do not know of the letter threat
sning Ihe life of his mother. If
you did, perhaps you would un
derstand some of the hatred that
can cause a man to perform an
irrational act. I know, and I am
proud to be a friend and class
mate of Miklos Tot tossy.
I'etcr F. Ifenze
Editor, The Daily:
How can you presume to be in
a position to judge the Tightness
or wrongness of Miklos Tottossy's
behavior during Mikoyan's arrival
in San Francisco last Saturday?
Is it possible that you condone
the methods of trial and justice
administered to Tottossy in Hun
gary, since your suggestion is
equally biased and unjust?
Obviously you are not aware of
Tottossy's part in the Hungarian
revolution. You do not know of
the cruel beatings on the head
that forced him to make frequent
visits to doctors last quarter. You

do not know of the letter threat
sning Ihe life of his mother. If
you did, perhaps you would un
derstand some of the hatred that
can cause a man to perform an
irrational act. I know, and I am
proud to be a friend and class
mate of Miklos Tot tossy.
I'etcr F. Ifenze
Editor, The Daily:
How can you presume to be in
a position to judge the Tightness
or wrongness of Miklos Tottossy's
behavior during Mikoyan's arrival
in San Francisco last Saturday?
Is it possible that you condone
the methods of trial and justice
administered to Tottossy in Hun
gary, since your suggestion is
equally biased and unjust?
Obviously you are not aware of
Tottossy's part in the Hungarian
revolution. You do not know of
the cruel beatings on the head
that forced him to make frequent
visits to doctors last quarter. You

do not know of the letter threat
sning Ihe life of his mother. If
you did, perhaps you would un
derstand some of the hatred that
can cause a man to perform an
irrational act. I know, and I am
proud to be a friend and class
mate of Miklos Tot tossy.
I'etcr F. Ifenze
Editor, The Daily:
How can you presume to be in
a position to judge the Tightness
or wrongness of Miklos Tottossy's
behavior during Mikoyan's arrival
in San Francisco last Saturday?
Is it possible that you condone
the methods of trial and justice
administered to Tottossy in Hun
gary, since your suggestion is
equally biased and unjust?
Obviously you are not aware of
Tottossy's part in the Hungarian
revolution. You do not know of
the cruel beatings on the head
that forced him to make frequent
visits to doctors last quarter. You

do not know of the letter threat
sning Ihe life of his mother. If
you did, perhaps you would un
derstand some of the hatred that
can cause a man to perform an
irrational act. I know, and I am
proud to be a friend and class
mate of Miklos Tot tossy.
I'etcr F. Ifenze
Editor, The Daily:
How can you presume to be in
a position to judge the Tightness
or wrongness of Miklos Tottossy's
behavior during Mikoyan's arrival
in San Francisco last Saturday?
Is it possible that you condone
the methods of trial and justice
administered to Tottossy in Hun
gary, since your suggestion is
equally biased and unjust?
Obviously you are not aware of
Tottossy's part in the Hungarian
revolution. You do not know of
the cruel beatings on the head
that forced him to make frequent
visits to doctors last quarter. You

do not know of the letter threat
sning Ihe life of his mother. If
you did, perhaps you would un
derstand some of the hatred that
can cause a man to perform an
irrational act. I know, and I am
proud to be a friend and class
mate of Miklos Tot tossy.
I'etcr F. Ifenze
Editor, The Daily:
How can you presume to be in
a position to judge the Tightness
or wrongness of Miklos Tottossy's
behavior during Mikoyan's arrival
in San Francisco last Saturday?
Is it possible that you condone
the methods of trial and justice
administered to Tottossy in Hun
gary, since your suggestion is
equally biased and unjust?
Obviously you are not aware of
Tottossy's part in the Hungarian
revolution. You do not know of
the cruel beatings on the head
that forced him to make frequent
visits to doctors last quarter. You

do not know of the letter threat
sning Ihe life of his mother. If
you did, perhaps you would un
derstand some of the hatred that
can cause a man to perform an
irrational act. I know, and I am
proud to be a friend and class
mate of Miklos Tot tossy.
I'etcr F. Ifenze
Editor, The Daily:
How can you presume to be in
a position to judge the Tightness
or wrongness of Miklos Tottossy's
behavior during Mikoyan's arrival
in San Francisco last Saturday?
Is it possible that you condone
the methods of trial and justice
administered to Tottossy in Hun
gary, since your suggestion is
equally biased and unjust?
Obviously you are not aware of
Tottossy's part in the Hungarian
revolution. You do not know of
the cruel beatings on the head
that forced him to make frequent
visits to doctors last quarter. You

do not know of the letter threat
sning Ihe life of his mother. If
you did, perhaps you would un
derstand some of the hatred that
can cause a man to perform an
irrational act. I know, and I am
proud to be a friend and class
mate of Miklos Tot tossy.
I'etcr F. Ifenze
Editor, The Daily:
How can you presume to be in
a position to judge the Tightness
or wrongness of Miklos Tottossy's
behavior during Mikoyan's arrival
in San Francisco last Saturday?
Is it possible that you condone
the methods of trial and justice
administered to Tottossy in Hun
gary, since your suggestion is
equally biased and unjust?
Obviously you are not aware of
Tottossy's part in the Hungarian
revolution. You do not know of
the cruel beatings on the head
that forced him to make frequent
visits to doctors last quarter. You

do not know of the letter threat
sning Ihe life of his mother. If
you did, perhaps you would un
derstand some of the hatred that
can cause a man to perform an
irrational act. I know, and I am
proud to be a friend and class
mate of Miklos Tot tossy.
I'etcr F. Ifenze
Editor, The Daily:
How can you presume to be in
a position to judge the Tightness
or wrongness of Miklos Tottossy's
behavior during Mikoyan's arrival
in San Francisco last Saturday?
Is it possible that you condone
the methods of trial and justice
administered to Tottossy in Hun
gary, since your suggestion is
equally biased and unjust?
Obviously you are not aware of
Tottossy's part in the Hungarian
revolution. You do not know of
the cruel beatings on the head
that forced him to make frequent
visits to doctors last quarter. You

do not know of the letter threat
sning Ihe life of his mother. If
you did, perhaps you would un
derstand some of the hatred that
can cause a man to perform an
irrational act. I know, and I am
proud to be a friend and class
mate of Miklos Tot tossy.
I'etcr F. Ifenze
Editor, The Daily:
How can you presume to be in
a position to judge the Tightness
or wrongness of Miklos Tottossy's
behavior during Mikoyan's arrival
in San Francisco last Saturday?
Is it possible that you condone
the methods of trial and justice
administered to Tottossy in Hun
gary, since your suggestion is
equally biased and unjust?
Obviously you are not aware of
Tottossy's part in the Hungarian
revolution. You do not know of
the cruel beatings on the head
that forced him to make frequent
visits to doctors last quarter. You

do not know of the letter threat
sning Ihe life of his mother. If
you did, perhaps you would un
derstand some of the hatred that
can cause a man to perform an
irrational act. I know, and I am
proud to be a friend and class
mate of Miklos Tot tossy.
I'etcr F. Ifenze
