# Christmas "Chaparral."
## 
### 
The Christmas number of the
Chaparral, which is the largest
number of the comic paper ever
issued,will be on sale Monday. This
issue is double the size of the regu
lar numbers, and contains some
notable contributions, both from an
artistic and a literary standpoint.
Among these are poems by Herbert
Walter, '01, C. S. Thompson, '05,
and E. J. Hadley, '08; full-page
drawings by R. J. Sterrett, '02, R.
W. Borough,'o4; a Christmas story
by Miss E. M. Mirrielees, '05; and
small drawings by Miss Buckmin
ster, O. E. Hyde, '05, M. Oppen
heim, '05, and Miss M. A. Rose,'os.
The cover recently designed by R.
W. Borough, '04, will be used on
the coming issue, which will be
printed throughout on smooth
straw-colored paper.
The Christmas number of the
Chaparral, which is the largest
number of the comic paper ever
issued,will be on sale Monday. This
issue is double the size of the regu
lar numbers, and contains some
notable contributions, both from an
artistic and a literary standpoint.
Among these are poems by Herbert
Walter, '01, C. S. Thompson, '05,
and E. J. Hadley, '08; full-page
drawings by R. J. Sterrett, '02, R.
W. Borough,'o4; a Christmas story
by Miss E. M. Mirrielees, '05; and
small drawings by Miss Buckmin
ster, O. E. Hyde, '05, M. Oppen
heim, '05, and Miss M. A. Rose,'os.
The cover recently designed by R.
W. Borough, '04, will be used on
the coming issue, which will be
printed throughout on smooth
straw-colored paper.
The Christmas number of the
Chaparral, which is the largest
number of the comic paper ever
issued,will be on sale Monday. This
issue is double the size of the regu
lar numbers, and contains some
notable contributions, both from an
artistic and a literary standpoint.
Among these are poems by Herbert
Walter, '01, C. S. Thompson, '05,
and E. J. Hadley, '08; full-page
drawings by R. J. Sterrett, '02, R.
W. Borough,'o4; a Christmas story
by Miss E. M. Mirrielees, '05; and
small drawings by Miss Buckmin
ster, O. E. Hyde, '05, M. Oppen
heim, '05, and Miss M. A. Rose,'os.
The cover recently designed by R.
W. Borough, '04, will be used on
the coming issue, which will be
printed throughout on smooth
straw-colored paper.
The Christmas number of the
Chaparral, which is the largest
number of the comic paper ever
issued,will be on sale Monday. This
issue is double the size of the regu
lar numbers, and contains some
notable contributions, both from an
artistic and a literary standpoint.
Among these are poems by Herbert
Walter, '01, C. S. Thompson, '05,
and E. J. Hadley, '08; full-page
drawings by R. J. Sterrett, '02, R.
W. Borough,'o4; a Christmas story
by Miss E. M. Mirrielees, '05; and
small drawings by Miss Buckmin
ster, O. E. Hyde, '05, M. Oppen
heim, '05, and Miss M. A. Rose,'os.
The cover recently designed by R.
W. Borough, '04, will be used on
the coming issue, which will be
printed throughout on smooth
straw-colored paper.
The Christmas number of the
Chaparral, which is the largest
number of the comic paper ever
issued,will be on sale Monday. This
issue is double the size of the regu
lar numbers, and contains some
notable contributions, both from an
artistic and a literary standpoint.
Among these are poems by Herbert
Walter, '01, C. S. Thompson, '05,
and E. J. Hadley, '08; full-page
drawings by R. J. Sterrett, '02, R.
W. Borough,'o4; a Christmas story
by Miss E. M. Mirrielees, '05; and
small drawings by Miss Buckmin
ster, O. E. Hyde, '05, M. Oppen
heim, '05, and Miss M. A. Rose,'os.
The cover recently designed by R.
W. Borough, '04, will be used on
the coming issue, which will be
printed throughout on smooth
straw-colored paper.
The Christmas number of the
Chaparral, which is the largest
number of the comic paper ever
issued,will be on sale Monday. This
issue is double the size of the regu
lar numbers, and contains some
notable contributions, both from an
artistic and a literary standpoint.
Among these are poems by Herbert
Walter, '01, C. S. Thompson, '05,
and E. J. Hadley, '08; full-page
drawings by R. J. Sterrett, '02, R.
W. Borough,'o4; a Christmas story
by Miss E. M. Mirrielees, '05; and
small drawings by Miss Buckmin
ster, O. E. Hyde, '05, M. Oppen
heim, '05, and Miss M. A. Rose,'os.
The cover recently designed by R.
W. Borough, '04, will be used on
the coming issue, which will be
printed throughout on smooth
straw-colored paper.
The Christmas number of the
Chaparral, which is the largest
number of the comic paper ever
issued,will be on sale Monday. This
issue is double the size of the regu
lar numbers, and contains some
notable contributions, both from an
artistic and a literary standpoint.
Among these are poems by Herbert
Walter, '01, C. S. Thompson, '05,
and E. J. Hadley, '08; full-page
drawings by R. J. Sterrett, '02, R.
W. Borough,'o4; a Christmas story
by Miss E. M. Mirrielees, '05; and
small drawings by Miss Buckmin
ster, O. E. Hyde, '05, M. Oppen
heim, '05, and Miss M. A. Rose,'os.
The cover recently designed by R.
W. Borough, '04, will be used on
the coming issue, which will be
printed throughout on smooth
straw-colored paper.
The Christmas number of the
Chaparral, which is the largest
number of the comic paper ever
issued,will be on sale Monday. This
issue is double the size of the regu
lar numbers, and contains some
notable contributions, both from an
artistic and a literary standpoint.
Among these are poems by Herbert
Walter, '01, C. S. Thompson, '05,
and E. J. Hadley, '08; full-page
drawings by R. J. Sterrett, '02, R.
W. Borough,'o4; a Christmas story
by Miss E. M. Mirrielees, '05; and
small drawings by Miss Buckmin
ster, O. E. Hyde, '05, M. Oppen
heim, '05, and Miss M. A. Rose,'os.
The cover recently designed by R.
W. Borough, '04, will be used on
the coming issue, which will be
printed throughout on smooth
straw-colored paper.
