# Will Lecture to Normal Students.
## 
### 
Professor D. S. Sneddon, of the
Education department, whs selected
by the hoard of trustees of the
State Normal School to deliver
lectures during the spring and sum
mer terms at the Normal. While
on leave of absence from the Uni
versity Professor Sneddon will also
deliver two courses at the State
Normal in the winter term.
Professor D. S. Sneddon, of the
Education department, whs selected
by the hoard of trustees of the
State Normal School to deliver
lectures during the spring and sum
mer terms at the Normal. While
on leave of absence from the Uni
versity Professor Sneddon will also
deliver two courses at the State
Normal in the winter term.
Professor D. S. Sneddon, of the
Education department, whs selected
by the hoard of trustees of the
State Normal School to deliver
lectures during the spring and sum
mer terms at the Normal. While
on leave of absence from the Uni
versity Professor Sneddon will also
deliver two courses at the State
Normal in the winter term.
Professor D. S. Sneddon, of the
Education department, whs selected
by the hoard of trustees of the
State Normal School to deliver
lectures during the spring and sum
mer terms at the Normal. While
on leave of absence from the Uni
versity Professor Sneddon will also
deliver two courses at the State
Normal in the winter term.
Professor D. S. Sneddon, of the
Education department, whs selected
by the hoard of trustees of the
State Normal School to deliver
lectures during the spring and sum
mer terms at the Normal. While
on leave of absence from the Uni
versity Professor Sneddon will also
deliver two courses at the State
Normal in the winter term.
Professor D. S. Sneddon, of the
Education department, whs selected
by the hoard of trustees of the
State Normal School to deliver
lectures during the spring and sum
mer terms at the Normal. While
on leave of absence from the Uni
versity Professor Sneddon will also
deliver two courses at the State
Normal in the winter term.
Professor D. S. Sneddon, of the
Education department, whs selected
by the hoard of trustees of the
State Normal School to deliver
lectures during the spring and sum
mer terms at the Normal. While
on leave of absence from the Uni
versity Professor Sneddon will also
deliver two courses at the State
Normal in the winter term.
Professor D. S. Sneddon, of the
Education department, whs selected
by the hoard of trustees of the
State Normal School to deliver
lectures during the spring and sum
mer terms at the Normal. While
on leave of absence from the Uni
versity Professor Sneddon will also
deliver two courses at the State
Normal in the winter term.
