# California May Play Louisiana.
## 
### 
According to a newspaper report
from El Paso, a football game be
tween the California varsity and
the University of Louisiana is be
ing arranged to be played at El
Paso, the half-way point between
California and Louisiana. This
game will lie played during the
meeting of the American Mining
Congress in El Paso. The El Paso
football team will challenge the
winner.
According to a newspaper report
from El Paso, a football game be
tween the California varsity and
the University of Louisiana is be
ing arranged to be played at El
Paso, the half-way point between
California and Louisiana. This
game will lie played during the
meeting of the American Mining
Congress in El Paso. The El Paso
football team will challenge the
winner.
According to a newspaper report
from El Paso, a football game be
tween the California varsity and
the University of Louisiana is be
ing arranged to be played at El
Paso, the half-way point between
California and Louisiana. This
game will lie played during the
meeting of the American Mining
Congress in El Paso. The El Paso
football team will challenge the
winner.
According to a newspaper report
from El Paso, a football game be
tween the California varsity and
the University of Louisiana is be
ing arranged to be played at El
Paso, the half-way point between
California and Louisiana. This
game will lie played during the
meeting of the American Mining
Congress in El Paso. The El Paso
football team will challenge the
winner.
According to a newspaper report
from El Paso, a football game be
tween the California varsity and
the University of Louisiana is be
ing arranged to be played at El
Paso, the half-way point between
California and Louisiana. This
game will lie played during the
meeting of the American Mining
Congress in El Paso. The El Paso
football team will challenge the
winner.
According to a newspaper report
from El Paso, a football game be
tween the California varsity and
the University of Louisiana is be
ing arranged to be played at El
Paso, the half-way point between
California and Louisiana. This
game will lie played during the
meeting of the American Mining
Congress in El Paso. The El Paso
football team will challenge the
winner.
According to a newspaper report
from El Paso, a football game be
tween the California varsity and
the University of Louisiana is be
ing arranged to be played at El
Paso, the half-way point between
California and Louisiana. This
game will lie played during the
meeting of the American Mining
Congress in El Paso. The El Paso
football team will challenge the
winner.
According to a newspaper report
from El Paso, a football game be
tween the California varsity and
the University of Louisiana is be
ing arranged to be played at El
Paso, the half-way point between
California and Louisiana. This
game will lie played during the
meeting of the American Mining
Congress in El Paso. The El Paso
football team will challenge the
winner.
