# Baseball Practice.
## 
### 
The fall baseball practice carried
on during the past week has not
been engaged in by a large squad.
The men who turned out have been
drilled in the principles of the
game, such as fielding, batting and
throwing to bases.
It is possible that a game will be
played on the diamond to-morrow
afternoon, if enough men turn out
to furnish two nines. The teams
will be chosen from the men who
appear.
The baseball practice this fall
has nojt been bothered by rain
softening the diamond to any con
siderable extent, but the continued
cold weather has interfered to a
large degree. The cold has made
good fielding difficult and has es
pecially annoyed the men in
throwing to the bases.
