# Observers Doubt 1960 Summit Talks
## 
### 
LONDON (/P) — Diplomatic ob
servers said yesterday the start
ing date for East-West summit
talks keeps receding at a fast
pace. They even suggested it
mighl become impossible to ar
range such a top-level meeting in
1960.
Yet Prime Minister Harold Mac
millan's government still pro
fesses optimism. The Prime Min
ister's Office characterize summit
doubts as speculation and deny
that stories on this subject were
based on official inspiration.
Signs have appeared suggest
ing that Communist China's Mao
T/.e-tung is putting on all the
pressure he can in Moscow to pre
vent an accord between the Soviet
Union and the Western powers.
Red China, it is assumed, wants
to prevent any summit negotia
tions in which she would not take
part.
LONDON (/P) — Diplomatic ob
servers said yesterday the start
ing date for East-West summit
talks keeps receding at a fast
pace. They even suggested it
mighl become impossible to ar
range such a top-level meeting in
1960.
Yet Prime Minister Harold Mac
millan's government still pro
fesses optimism. The Prime Min
ister's Office characterize summit
doubts as speculation and deny
that stories on this subject were
based on official inspiration.
Signs have appeared suggest
ing that Communist China's Mao
T/.e-tung is putting on all the
pressure he can in Moscow to pre
vent an accord between the Soviet
Union and the Western powers.
Red China, it is assumed, wants
to prevent any summit negotia
tions in which she would not take
part.
LONDON (/P) — Diplomatic ob
servers said yesterday the start
ing date for East-West summit
talks keeps receding at a fast
pace. They even suggested it
mighl become impossible to ar
range such a top-level meeting in
1960.
Yet Prime Minister Harold Mac
millan's government still pro
fesses optimism. The Prime Min
ister's Office characterize summit
doubts as speculation and deny
that stories on this subject were
based on official inspiration.
Signs have appeared suggest
ing that Communist China's Mao
T/.e-tung is putting on all the
pressure he can in Moscow to pre
vent an accord between the Soviet
Union and the Western powers.
Red China, it is assumed, wants
to prevent any summit negotia
tions in which she would not take
part.
LONDON (/P) — Diplomatic ob
servers said yesterday the start
ing date for East-West summit
talks keeps receding at a fast
pace. They even suggested it
mighl become impossible to ar
range such a top-level meeting in
1960.
Yet Prime Minister Harold Mac
millan's government still pro
fesses optimism. The Prime Min
ister's Office characterize summit
doubts as speculation and deny
that stories on this subject were
based on official inspiration.
Signs have appeared suggest
ing that Communist China's Mao
T/.e-tung is putting on all the
pressure he can in Moscow to pre
vent an accord between the Soviet
Union and the Western powers.
Red China, it is assumed, wants
to prevent any summit negotia
tions in which she would not take
part.
LONDON (/P) — Diplomatic ob
servers said yesterday the start
ing date for East-West summit
talks keeps receding at a fast
pace. They even suggested it
mighl become impossible to ar
range such a top-level meeting in
1960.
Yet Prime Minister Harold Mac
millan's government still pro
fesses optimism. The Prime Min
ister's Office characterize summit
doubts as speculation and deny
that stories on this subject were
based on official inspiration.
Signs have appeared suggest
ing that Communist China's Mao
T/.e-tung is putting on all the
pressure he can in Moscow to pre
vent an accord between the Soviet
Union and the Western powers.
Red China, it is assumed, wants
to prevent any summit negotia
tions in which she would not take
part.
LONDON (/P) — Diplomatic ob
servers said yesterday the start
ing date for East-West summit
talks keeps receding at a fast
pace. They even suggested it
mighl become impossible to ar
range such a top-level meeting in
1960.
Yet Prime Minister Harold Mac
millan's government still pro
fesses optimism. The Prime Min
ister's Office characterize summit
doubts as speculation and deny
that stories on this subject were
based on official inspiration.
Signs have appeared suggest
ing that Communist China's Mao
T/.e-tung is putting on all the
pressure he can in Moscow to pre
vent an accord between the Soviet
Union and the Western powers.
Red China, it is assumed, wants
to prevent any summit negotia
tions in which she would not take
part.
LONDON (/P) — Diplomatic ob
servers said yesterday the start
ing date for East-West summit
talks keeps receding at a fast
pace. They even suggested it
mighl become impossible to ar
range such a top-level meeting in
1960.
Yet Prime Minister Harold Mac
millan's government still pro
fesses optimism. The Prime Min
ister's Office characterize summit
doubts as speculation and deny
that stories on this subject were
based on official inspiration.
Signs have appeared suggest
ing that Communist China's Mao
T/.e-tung is putting on all the
pressure he can in Moscow to pre
vent an accord between the Soviet
Union and the Western powers.
Red China, it is assumed, wants
to prevent any summit negotia
tions in which she would not take
part.
LONDON (/P) — Diplomatic ob
servers said yesterday the start
ing date for East-West summit
talks keeps receding at a fast
pace. They even suggested it
mighl become impossible to ar
range such a top-level meeting in
1960.
Yet Prime Minister Harold Mac
millan's government still pro
fesses optimism. The Prime Min
ister's Office characterize summit
doubts as speculation and deny
that stories on this subject were
based on official inspiration.
Signs have appeared suggest
ing that Communist China's Mao
T/.e-tung is putting on all the
pressure he can in Moscow to pre
vent an accord between the Soviet
Union and the Western powers.
Red China, it is assumed, wants
to prevent any summit negotia
tions in which she would not take
part.
LONDON (/P) — Diplomatic ob
servers said yesterday the start
ing date for East-West summit
talks keeps receding at a fast
pace. They even suggested it
mighl become impossible to ar
range such a top-level meeting in
1960.
Yet Prime Minister Harold Mac
millan's government still pro
fesses optimism. The Prime Min
ister's Office characterize summit
doubts as speculation and deny
that stories on this subject were
based on official inspiration.
Signs have appeared suggest
ing that Communist China's Mao
T/.e-tung is putting on all the
pressure he can in Moscow to pre
vent an accord between the Soviet
Union and the Western powers.
Red China, it is assumed, wants
to prevent any summit negotia
tions in which she would not take
part.
LONDON (/P) — Diplomatic ob
servers said yesterday the start
ing date for East-West summit
talks keeps receding at a fast
pace. They even suggested it
mighl become impossible to ar
range such a top-level meeting in
1960.
Yet Prime Minister Harold Mac
millan's government still pro
fesses optimism. The Prime Min
ister's Office characterize summit
doubts as speculation and deny
that stories on this subject were
based on official inspiration.
Signs have appeared suggest
ing that Communist China's Mao
T/.e-tung is putting on all the
pressure he can in Moscow to pre
vent an accord between the Soviet
Union and the Western powers.
Red China, it is assumed, wants
to prevent any summit negotia
tions in which she would not take
part.
LONDON (/P) — Diplomatic ob
servers said yesterday the start
ing date for East-West summit
talks keeps receding at a fast
pace. They even suggested it
mighl become impossible to ar
range such a top-level meeting in
1960.
Yet Prime Minister Harold Mac
millan's government still pro
fesses optimism. The Prime Min
ister's Office characterize summit
doubts as speculation and deny
that stories on this subject were
based on official inspiration.
Signs have appeared suggest
ing that Communist China's Mao
T/.e-tung is putting on all the
pressure he can in Moscow to pre
vent an accord between the Soviet
Union and the Western powers.
Red China, it is assumed, wants
to prevent any summit negotia
tions in which she would not take
part.
LONDON (/P) — Diplomatic ob
servers said yesterday the start
ing date for East-West summit
talks keeps receding at a fast
pace. They even suggested it
mighl become impossible to ar
range such a top-level meeting in
1960.
Yet Prime Minister Harold Mac
millan's government still pro
fesses optimism. The Prime Min
ister's Office characterize summit
doubts as speculation and deny
that stories on this subject were
based on official inspiration.
Signs have appeared suggest
ing that Communist China's Mao
T/.e-tung is putting on all the
pressure he can in Moscow to pre
vent an accord between the Soviet
Union and the Western powers.
Red China, it is assumed, wants
to prevent any summit negotia
tions in which she would not take
part.
LONDON (/P) — Diplomatic ob
servers said yesterday the start
ing date for East-West summit
talks keeps receding at a fast
pace. They even suggested it
mighl become impossible to ar
range such a top-level meeting in
1960.
Yet Prime Minister Harold Mac
millan's government still pro
fesses optimism. The Prime Min
ister's Office characterize summit
doubts as speculation and deny
that stories on this subject were
based on official inspiration.
Signs have appeared suggest
ing that Communist China's Mao
T/.e-tung is putting on all the
pressure he can in Moscow to pre
vent an accord between the Soviet
Union and the Western powers.
Red China, it is assumed, wants
to prevent any summit negotia
tions in which she would not take
part.
LONDON (/P) — Diplomatic ob
servers said yesterday the start
ing date for East-West summit
talks keeps receding at a fast
pace. They even suggested it
mighl become impossible to ar
range such a top-level meeting in
1960.
Yet Prime Minister Harold Mac
millan's government still pro
fesses optimism. The Prime Min
ister's Office characterize summit
doubts as speculation and deny
that stories on this subject were
based on official inspiration.
Signs have appeared suggest
ing that Communist China's Mao
T/.e-tung is putting on all the
pressure he can in Moscow to pre
vent an accord between the Soviet
Union and the Western powers.
Red China, it is assumed, wants
to prevent any summit negotia
tions in which she would not take
part.
LONDON (/P) — Diplomatic ob
servers said yesterday the start
ing date for East-West summit
talks keeps receding at a fast
pace. They even suggested it
mighl become impossible to ar
range such a top-level meeting in
1960.
Yet Prime Minister Harold Mac
millan's government still pro
fesses optimism. The Prime Min
ister's Office characterize summit
doubts as speculation and deny
that stories on this subject were
based on official inspiration.
Signs have appeared suggest
ing that Communist China's Mao
T/.e-tung is putting on all the
pressure he can in Moscow to pre
vent an accord between the Soviet
Union and the Western powers.
Red China, it is assumed, wants
to prevent any summit negotia
tions in which she would not take
part.
LONDON (/P) — Diplomatic ob
servers said yesterday the start
ing date for East-West summit
talks keeps receding at a fast
pace. They even suggested it
mighl become impossible to ar
range such a top-level meeting in
1960.
Yet Prime Minister Harold Mac
millan's government still pro
fesses optimism. The Prime Min
ister's Office characterize summit
doubts as speculation and deny
that stories on this subject were
based on official inspiration.
Signs have appeared suggest
ing that Communist China's Mao
T/.e-tung is putting on all the
pressure he can in Moscow to pre
vent an accord between the Soviet
Union and the Western powers.
Red China, it is assumed, wants
to prevent any summit negotia
tions in which she would not take
part.
LONDON (/P) — Diplomatic ob
servers said yesterday the start
ing date for East-West summit
talks keeps receding at a fast
pace. They even suggested it
mighl become impossible to ar
range such a top-level meeting in
1960.
Yet Prime Minister Harold Mac
millan's government still pro
fesses optimism. The Prime Min
ister's Office characterize summit
doubts as speculation and deny
that stories on this subject were
based on official inspiration.
Signs have appeared suggest
ing that Communist China's Mao
T/.e-tung is putting on all the
pressure he can in Moscow to pre
vent an accord between the Soviet
Union and the Western powers.
Red China, it is assumed, wants
to prevent any summit negotia
tions in which she would not take
part.
LONDON (/P) — Diplomatic ob
servers said yesterday the start
ing date for East-West summit
talks keeps receding at a fast
pace. They even suggested it
mighl become impossible to ar
range such a top-level meeting in
1960.
Yet Prime Minister Harold Mac
millan's government still pro
fesses optimism. The Prime Min
ister's Office characterize summit
doubts as speculation and deny
that stories on this subject were
based on official inspiration.
Signs have appeared suggest
ing that Communist China's Mao
T/.e-tung is putting on all the
pressure he can in Moscow to pre
vent an accord between the Soviet
Union and the Western powers.
Red China, it is assumed, wants
to prevent any summit negotia
tions in which she would not take
part.
