# Untitled Article
## 
### 
When a number of women appeared
at the University Bookstore before 8
o'clock this morning and took their
places in the line which was await ins
the opening of the sale of tickets for
"The Man From Home," there were
approximately thirty men in front of
them. Yet at least forty men obtained
seats before the first woman ap
proached the window. The ten extra
individuals elbowed their way into the
line ahead of the women. Such a pro
ceeding is always inexcusable. And it
is, doubly so when practiced upon
persons in whom resistance would be
fruitless. When any body of people
display as much interest and enthu
siasm in college affairs as do the wo
men of Stanford, they deserve better
treatment than was accorded them
today. We believe that the present
occurrence was but an instance of
thoughtlessness. We hope that future
ticket sales may confirm this belief.
