# Tickets on Sale For Fancy Dress Ball.
## 
### 
The tickets for the fancy dress ball
to be given by the Skull and Snakes
society at the Play House in Palo Alto
on the evening of February 21 are
now on sale at the Stanford Bookstore.
The ball promises to be an attractive
affair and as a costume dance of this
kind is rather unique among Stanford
social events, it will undoubtedly be
well patronized. The tickets will be
sold at $2.00 each.
The tickets for the fancy dress ball
to be given by the Skull and Snakes
society at the Play House in Palo Alto
on the evening of February 21 are
now on sale at the Stanford Bookstore.
The ball promises to be an attractive
affair and as a costume dance of this
kind is rather unique among Stanford
social events, it will undoubtedly be
well patronized. The tickets will be
sold at $2.00 each.
The tickets for the fancy dress ball
to be given by the Skull and Snakes
society at the Play House in Palo Alto
on the evening of February 21 are
now on sale at the Stanford Bookstore.
The ball promises to be an attractive
affair and as a costume dance of this
kind is rather unique among Stanford
social events, it will undoubtedly be
well patronized. The tickets will be
sold at $2.00 each.
The tickets for the fancy dress ball
to be given by the Skull and Snakes
society at the Play House in Palo Alto
on the evening of February 21 are
now on sale at the Stanford Bookstore.
The ball promises to be an attractive
affair and as a costume dance of this
kind is rather unique among Stanford
social events, it will undoubtedly be
well patronized. The tickets will be
sold at $2.00 each.
The tickets for the fancy dress ball
to be given by the Skull and Snakes
society at the Play House in Palo Alto
on the evening of February 21 are
now on sale at the Stanford Bookstore.
The ball promises to be an attractive
affair and as a costume dance of this
kind is rather unique among Stanford
social events, it will undoubtedly be
well patronized. The tickets will be
sold at $2.00 each.
The tickets for the fancy dress ball
to be given by the Skull and Snakes
society at the Play House in Palo Alto
on the evening of February 21 are
now on sale at the Stanford Bookstore.
The ball promises to be an attractive
affair and as a costume dance of this
kind is rather unique among Stanford
social events, it will undoubtedly be
well patronized. The tickets will be
sold at $2.00 each.
The tickets for the fancy dress ball
to be given by the Skull and Snakes
society at the Play House in Palo Alto
on the evening of February 21 are
now on sale at the Stanford Bookstore.
The ball promises to be an attractive
affair and as a costume dance of this
kind is rather unique among Stanford
social events, it will undoubtedly be
well patronized. The tickets will be
sold at $2.00 each.
The tickets for the fancy dress ball
to be given by the Skull and Snakes
society at the Play House in Palo Alto
on the evening of February 21 are
now on sale at the Stanford Bookstore.
The ball promises to be an attractive
affair and as a costume dance of this
kind is rather unique among Stanford
social events, it will undoubtedly be
well patronized. The tickets will be
sold at $2.00 each.
The tickets for the fancy dress ball
to be given by the Skull and Snakes
society at the Play House in Palo Alto
on the evening of February 21 are
now on sale at the Stanford Bookstore.
The ball promises to be an attractive
affair and as a costume dance of this
kind is rather unique among Stanford
social events, it will undoubtedly be
well patronized. The tickets will be
sold at $2.00 each.
The tickets for the fancy dress ball
to be given by the Skull and Snakes
society at the Play House in Palo Alto
on the evening of February 21 are
now on sale at the Stanford Bookstore.
The ball promises to be an attractive
affair and as a costume dance of this
kind is rather unique among Stanford
social events, it will undoubtedly be
well patronized. The tickets will be
sold at $2.00 each.
The tickets for the fancy dress ball
to be given by the Skull and Snakes
society at the Play House in Palo Alto
on the evening of February 21 are
now on sale at the Stanford Bookstore.
The ball promises to be an attractive
affair and as a costume dance of this
kind is rather unique among Stanford
social events, it will undoubtedly be
well patronized. The tickets will be
sold at $2.00 each.
