# TELLS OF THE JAPANESE.
## Bishop Partridge of Kyoto Preaches Interesting Sermon on Christian Movement in Orient. 
### 
The "Omnipresence of Christ" was
the theme upon which a very ahle and
polished sermon was preached by the
Right, Reverend Sidney Partridge in
the University Chapel yesterday morn
ing. The visiting divine, who is Bish
op of Kyoto, Japan dedicated the
greater part of his sermon to the
Christian movement in Japan and he
cause of its remarkable development,
emphasized the truth of the all-per
vading teachings of the Lowly Naza
rine.
Together with his narration of the
growth of Christianity in the Orient.
Reverend Partridge spoke of the pow
er of Japan among the nations of the
world and prophesied a continued and
wonderful development of the Japa
nese people. The Bishop's life work
has been with the Oriental peoples,
and besides being thoroughly con
versent with the life and language of
the Japanese, he is the author of
many tracts and books in the Chinese
language.
