# Will Present "Ingomar."
## 
### 
Dr. Jordan announces that on next
Tuesday evening, February 1, Profes
sor Trueblood, of the chair of Elocu
tion and Oratory at the University of
Michigan, will present the play "In
gomar." Professor Trueblood will ap
pear in the University Chapel and all
interested are invited to attend. S
o'clock is the time set for the presen
tation.
Dr. Jordan announces that on next
Tuesday evening, February 1, Profes
sor Trueblood, of the chair of Elocu
tion and Oratory at the University of
Michigan, will present the play "In
gomar." Professor Trueblood will ap
pear in the University Chapel and all
interested are invited to attend. S
o'clock is the time set for the presen
tation.
Dr. Jordan announces that on next
Tuesday evening, February 1, Profes
sor Trueblood, of the chair of Elocu
tion and Oratory at the University of
Michigan, will present the play "In
gomar." Professor Trueblood will ap
pear in the University Chapel and all
interested are invited to attend. S
o'clock is the time set for the presen
tation.
Dr. Jordan announces that on next
Tuesday evening, February 1, Profes
sor Trueblood, of the chair of Elocu
tion and Oratory at the University of
Michigan, will present the play "In
gomar." Professor Trueblood will ap
pear in the University Chapel and all
interested are invited to attend. S
o'clock is the time set for the presen
tation.
Dr. Jordan announces that on next
Tuesday evening, February 1, Profes
sor Trueblood, of the chair of Elocu
tion and Oratory at the University of
Michigan, will present the play "In
gomar." Professor Trueblood will ap
pear in the University Chapel and all
interested are invited to attend. S
o'clock is the time set for the presen
tation.
Dr. Jordan announces that on next
Tuesday evening, February 1, Profes
sor Trueblood, of the chair of Elocu
tion and Oratory at the University of
Michigan, will present the play "In
gomar." Professor Trueblood will ap
pear in the University Chapel and all
interested are invited to attend. S
o'clock is the time set for the presen
tation.
Dr. Jordan announces that on next
Tuesday evening, February 1, Profes
sor Trueblood, of the chair of Elocu
tion and Oratory at the University of
Michigan, will present the play "In
gomar." Professor Trueblood will ap
pear in the University Chapel and all
interested are invited to attend. S
o'clock is the time set for the presen
tation.
Dr. Jordan announces that on next
Tuesday evening, February 1, Profes
sor Trueblood, of the chair of Elocu
tion and Oratory at the University of
Michigan, will present the play "In
gomar." Professor Trueblood will ap
pear in the University Chapel and all
interested are invited to attend. S
o'clock is the time set for the presen
tation.
Dr. Jordan announces that on next
Tuesday evening, February 1, Profes
sor Trueblood, of the chair of Elocu
tion and Oratory at the University of
Michigan, will present the play "In
gomar." Professor Trueblood will ap
pear in the University Chapel and all
interested are invited to attend. S
o'clock is the time set for the presen
tation.
Dr. Jordan announces that on next
Tuesday evening, February 1, Profes
sor Trueblood, of the chair of Elocu
tion and Oratory at the University of
Michigan, will present the play "In
gomar." Professor Trueblood will ap
pear in the University Chapel and all
interested are invited to attend. S
o'clock is the time set for the presen
tation.
Dr. Jordan announces that on next
Tuesday evening, February 1, Profes
sor Trueblood, of the chair of Elocu
tion and Oratory at the University of
Michigan, will present the play "In
gomar." Professor Trueblood will ap
pear in the University Chapel and all
interested are invited to attend. S
o'clock is the time set for the presen
tation.
