# Aero Club For Stanford.
## 
### 
Following the precedent set by the
University of Pennsylvania, Stanford is
to have an Aero Club. All students,
regardless of their major departments
are invited to become members and be
present at the first meeting which will
be held in room 268, Tuesday evening,
at 7:30.
Following the precedent set by the
University of Pennsylvania, Stanford is
to have an Aero Club. All students,
regardless of their major departments
are invited to become members and be
present at the first meeting which will
be held in room 268, Tuesday evening,
at 7:30.
Following the precedent set by the
University of Pennsylvania, Stanford is
to have an Aero Club. All students,
regardless of their major departments
are invited to become members and be
present at the first meeting which will
be held in room 268, Tuesday evening,
at 7:30.
Following the precedent set by the
University of Pennsylvania, Stanford is
to have an Aero Club. All students,
regardless of their major departments
are invited to become members and be
present at the first meeting which will
be held in room 268, Tuesday evening,
at 7:30.
Following the precedent set by the
University of Pennsylvania, Stanford is
to have an Aero Club. All students,
regardless of their major departments
are invited to become members and be
present at the first meeting which will
be held in room 268, Tuesday evening,
at 7:30.
Following the precedent set by the
University of Pennsylvania, Stanford is
to have an Aero Club. All students,
regardless of their major departments
are invited to become members and be
present at the first meeting which will
be held in room 268, Tuesday evening,
at 7:30.
Following the precedent set by the
University of Pennsylvania, Stanford is
to have an Aero Club. All students,
regardless of their major departments
are invited to become members and be
present at the first meeting which will
be held in room 268, Tuesday evening,
at 7:30.
Following the precedent set by the
University of Pennsylvania, Stanford is
to have an Aero Club. All students,
regardless of their major departments
are invited to become members and be
present at the first meeting which will
be held in room 268, Tuesday evening,
at 7:30.
Following the precedent set by the
University of Pennsylvania, Stanford is
to have an Aero Club. All students,
regardless of their major departments
are invited to become members and be
present at the first meeting which will
be held in room 268, Tuesday evening,
at 7:30.
Following the precedent set by the
University of Pennsylvania, Stanford is
to have an Aero Club. All students,
regardless of their major departments
are invited to become members and be
present at the first meeting which will
be held in room 268, Tuesday evening,
at 7:30.
Following the precedent set by the
University of Pennsylvania, Stanford is
to have an Aero Club. All students,
regardless of their major departments
are invited to become members and be
present at the first meeting which will
be held in room 268, Tuesday evening,
at 7:30.
