# Board of Athletic Control To Manage All Concessions
## 
### 
The Graduate Manager's Office an
nounces that no vendor of food stuffs,
novelties, etc., will be permitted to
solicit patronage in the Stanford
Stadium or in the grounds surrounding
it at the U. S. C. game or at any of
the following games.
Nothing is to be sold in the Stadium
proper and the Board of Athletic Con
trol will manage the few concessions
that will be permitted on the grounds
outside.
Programs are to be sold only at the
head of the stairs leading to the
Stadium.
The Graduate Manager's Office an
nounces that no vendor of food stuffs,
novelties, etc., will be permitted to
solicit patronage in the Stanford
Stadium or in the grounds surrounding
it at the U. S. C. game or at any of
the following games.
Nothing is to be sold in the Stadium
proper and the Board of Athletic Con
trol will manage the few concessions
that will be permitted on the grounds
outside.
Programs are to be sold only at the
head of the stairs leading to the
Stadium.
The Graduate Manager's Office an
nounces that no vendor of food stuffs,
novelties, etc., will be permitted to
solicit patronage in the Stanford
Stadium or in the grounds surrounding
it at the U. S. C. game or at any of
the following games.
Nothing is to be sold in the Stadium
proper and the Board of Athletic Con
trol will manage the few concessions
that will be permitted on the grounds
outside.
Programs are to be sold only at the
head of the stairs leading to the
Stadium.
The Graduate Manager's Office an
nounces that no vendor of food stuffs,
novelties, etc., will be permitted to
solicit patronage in the Stanford
Stadium or in the grounds surrounding
it at the U. S. C. game or at any of
the following games.
Nothing is to be sold in the Stadium
proper and the Board of Athletic Con
trol will manage the few concessions
that will be permitted on the grounds
outside.
Programs are to be sold only at the
head of the stairs leading to the
Stadium.
The Graduate Manager's Office an
nounces that no vendor of food stuffs,
novelties, etc., will be permitted to
solicit patronage in the Stanford
Stadium or in the grounds surrounding
it at the U. S. C. game or at any of
the following games.
Nothing is to be sold in the Stadium
proper and the Board of Athletic Con
trol will manage the few concessions
that will be permitted on the grounds
outside.
Programs are to be sold only at the
head of the stairs leading to the
Stadium.
The Graduate Manager's Office an
nounces that no vendor of food stuffs,
novelties, etc., will be permitted to
solicit patronage in the Stanford
Stadium or in the grounds surrounding
it at the U. S. C. game or at any of
the following games.
Nothing is to be sold in the Stadium
proper and the Board of Athletic Con
trol will manage the few concessions
that will be permitted on the grounds
outside.
Programs are to be sold only at the
head of the stairs leading to the
Stadium.
The Graduate Manager's Office an
nounces that no vendor of food stuffs,
novelties, etc., will be permitted to
solicit patronage in the Stanford
Stadium or in the grounds surrounding
it at the U. S. C. game or at any of
the following games.
Nothing is to be sold in the Stadium
proper and the Board of Athletic Con
trol will manage the few concessions
that will be permitted on the grounds
outside.
Programs are to be sold only at the
head of the stairs leading to the
Stadium.
The Graduate Manager's Office an
nounces that no vendor of food stuffs,
novelties, etc., will be permitted to
solicit patronage in the Stanford
Stadium or in the grounds surrounding
it at the U. S. C. game or at any of
the following games.
Nothing is to be sold in the Stadium
proper and the Board of Athletic Con
trol will manage the few concessions
that will be permitted on the grounds
outside.
Programs are to be sold only at the
head of the stairs leading to the
Stadium.
The Graduate Manager's Office an
nounces that no vendor of food stuffs,
novelties, etc., will be permitted to
solicit patronage in the Stanford
Stadium or in the grounds surrounding
it at the U. S. C. game or at any of
the following games.
Nothing is to be sold in the Stadium
proper and the Board of Athletic Con
trol will manage the few concessions
that will be permitted on the grounds
outside.
Programs are to be sold only at the
head of the stairs leading to the
Stadium.
The Graduate Manager's Office an
nounces that no vendor of food stuffs,
novelties, etc., will be permitted to
solicit patronage in the Stanford
Stadium or in the grounds surrounding
it at the U. S. C. game or at any of
the following games.
Nothing is to be sold in the Stadium
proper and the Board of Athletic Con
trol will manage the few concessions
that will be permitted on the grounds
outside.
Programs are to be sold only at the
head of the stairs leading to the
Stadium.
The Graduate Manager's Office an
nounces that no vendor of food stuffs,
novelties, etc., will be permitted to
solicit patronage in the Stanford
Stadium or in the grounds surrounding
it at the U. S. C. game or at any of
the following games.
Nothing is to be sold in the Stadium
proper and the Board of Athletic Con
trol will manage the few concessions
that will be permitted on the grounds
outside.
Programs are to be sold only at the
head of the stairs leading to the
Stadium.
The Graduate Manager's Office an
nounces that no vendor of food stuffs,
novelties, etc., will be permitted to
solicit patronage in the Stanford
Stadium or in the grounds surrounding
it at the U. S. C. game or at any of
the following games.
Nothing is to be sold in the Stadium
proper and the Board of Athletic Con
trol will manage the few concessions
that will be permitted on the grounds
outside.
Programs are to be sold only at the
head of the stairs leading to the
Stadium.
The Graduate Manager's Office an
nounces that no vendor of food stuffs,
novelties, etc., will be permitted to
solicit patronage in the Stanford
Stadium or in the grounds surrounding
it at the U. S. C. game or at any of
the following games.
Nothing is to be sold in the Stadium
proper and the Board of Athletic Con
trol will manage the few concessions
that will be permitted on the grounds
outside.
Programs are to be sold only at the
head of the stairs leading to the
Stadium.
The Graduate Manager's Office an
nounces that no vendor of food stuffs,
novelties, etc., will be permitted to
solicit patronage in the Stanford
Stadium or in the grounds surrounding
it at the U. S. C. game or at any of
the following games.
Nothing is to be sold in the Stadium
proper and the Board of Athletic Con
trol will manage the few concessions
that will be permitted on the grounds
outside.
Programs are to be sold only at the
head of the stairs leading to the
Stadium.
