# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Andy Kerr, the affable varsity coach
whose first eleven will battle Elmer C.
Henderson's Trojans tomorrow.

Andy Kerr, the affable varsity coach
whose first eleven will battle Elmer C.
Henderson's Trojans tomorrow.

Andy Kerr, the affable varsity coach
whose first eleven will battle Elmer C.
Henderson's Trojans tomorrow.

Andy Kerr, the affable varsity coach
whose first eleven will battle Elmer C.
Henderson's Trojans tomorrow.

Andy Kerr, the affable varsity coach
whose first eleven will battle Elmer C.
Henderson's Trojans tomorrow.

Andy Kerr, the affable varsity coach
whose first eleven will battle Elmer C.
Henderson's Trojans tomorrow.

Andy Kerr, the affable varsity coach
whose first eleven will battle Elmer C.
Henderson's Trojans tomorrow.

Andy Kerr, the affable varsity coach
whose first eleven will battle Elmer C.
Henderson's Trojans tomorrow.

Andy Kerr, the affable varsity coach
whose first eleven will battle Elmer C.
Henderson's Trojans tomorrow.

Andy Kerr, the affable varsity coach
whose first eleven will battle Elmer C.
Henderson's Trojans tomorrow.

Andy Kerr, the affable varsity coach
whose first eleven will battle Elmer C.
Henderson's Trojans tomorrow.

Andy Kerr, the affable varsity coach
whose first eleven will battle Elmer C.
Henderson's Trojans tomorrow.

Andy Kerr, the affable varsity coach
whose first eleven will battle Elmer C.
Henderson's Trojans tomorrow.

Andy Kerr, the affable varsity coach
whose first eleven will battle Elmer C.
Henderson's Trojans tomorrow.
