# Euphronia and Wranglers Will Debate Next Week
## 
### 
Resolved, That transfers from junior
colleges should be prohibited from
entering Stanford, is the subject which
will be debated by Euphronia and
Wranglers in a joint meeting next
Thursday night ib the Women's Club
house. Euphronia will uphold the neg
ative. All members of both societies
will be expected to join in the dis
cussion, two minutes being the alloted
time for presentation of arguments.
Plans are now under way for the
society's annual banquet on December
6.
Resolved, That transfers from junior
colleges should be prohibited from
entering Stanford, is the subject which
will be debated by Euphronia and
Wranglers in a joint meeting next
Thursday night ib the Women's Club
house. Euphronia will uphold the neg
ative. All members of both societies
will be expected to join in the dis
cussion, two minutes being the alloted
time for presentation of arguments.
Plans are now under way for the
society's annual banquet on December
6.
Resolved, That transfers from junior
colleges should be prohibited from
entering Stanford, is the subject which
will be debated by Euphronia and
Wranglers in a joint meeting next
Thursday night ib the Women's Club
house. Euphronia will uphold the neg
ative. All members of both societies
will be expected to join in the dis
cussion, two minutes being the alloted
time for presentation of arguments.
Plans are now under way for the
society's annual banquet on December
6.
Resolved, That transfers from junior
colleges should be prohibited from
entering Stanford, is the subject which
will be debated by Euphronia and
Wranglers in a joint meeting next
Thursday night ib the Women's Club
house. Euphronia will uphold the neg
ative. All members of both societies
will be expected to join in the dis
cussion, two minutes being the alloted
time for presentation of arguments.
Plans are now under way for the
society's annual banquet on December
6.
Resolved, That transfers from junior
colleges should be prohibited from
entering Stanford, is the subject which
will be debated by Euphronia and
Wranglers in a joint meeting next
Thursday night ib the Women's Club
house. Euphronia will uphold the neg
ative. All members of both societies
will be expected to join in the dis
cussion, two minutes being the alloted
time for presentation of arguments.
Plans are now under way for the
society's annual banquet on December
6.
Resolved, That transfers from junior
colleges should be prohibited from
entering Stanford, is the subject which
will be debated by Euphronia and
Wranglers in a joint meeting next
Thursday night ib the Women's Club
house. Euphronia will uphold the neg
ative. All members of both societies
will be expected to join in the dis
cussion, two minutes being the alloted
time for presentation of arguments.
Plans are now under way for the
society's annual banquet on December
6.
Resolved, That transfers from junior
colleges should be prohibited from
entering Stanford, is the subject which
will be debated by Euphronia and
Wranglers in a joint meeting next
Thursday night ib the Women's Club
house. Euphronia will uphold the neg
ative. All members of both societies
will be expected to join in the dis
cussion, two minutes being the alloted
time for presentation of arguments.
Plans are now under way for the
society's annual banquet on December
6.
Resolved, That transfers from junior
colleges should be prohibited from
entering Stanford, is the subject which
will be debated by Euphronia and
Wranglers in a joint meeting next
Thursday night ib the Women's Club
house. Euphronia will uphold the neg
ative. All members of both societies
will be expected to join in the dis
cussion, two minutes being the alloted
time for presentation of arguments.
Plans are now under way for the
society's annual banquet on December
6.
Resolved, That transfers from junior
colleges should be prohibited from
entering Stanford, is the subject which
will be debated by Euphronia and
Wranglers in a joint meeting next
Thursday night ib the Women's Club
house. Euphronia will uphold the neg
ative. All members of both societies
will be expected to join in the dis
cussion, two minutes being the alloted
time for presentation of arguments.
Plans are now under way for the
society's annual banquet on December
6.
Resolved, That transfers from junior
colleges should be prohibited from
entering Stanford, is the subject which
will be debated by Euphronia and
Wranglers in a joint meeting next
Thursday night ib the Women's Club
house. Euphronia will uphold the neg
ative. All members of both societies
will be expected to join in the dis
cussion, two minutes being the alloted
time for presentation of arguments.
Plans are now under way for the
society's annual banquet on December
6.
Resolved, That transfers from junior
colleges should be prohibited from
entering Stanford, is the subject which
will be debated by Euphronia and
Wranglers in a joint meeting next
Thursday night ib the Women's Club
house. Euphronia will uphold the neg
ative. All members of both societies
will be expected to join in the dis
cussion, two minutes being the alloted
time for presentation of arguments.
Plans are now under way for the
society's annual banquet on December
6.
Resolved, That transfers from junior
colleges should be prohibited from
entering Stanford, is the subject which
will be debated by Euphronia and
Wranglers in a joint meeting next
Thursday night ib the Women's Club
house. Euphronia will uphold the neg
ative. All members of both societies
will be expected to join in the dis
cussion, two minutes being the alloted
time for presentation of arguments.
Plans are now under way for the
society's annual banquet on December
6.
Resolved, That transfers from junior
colleges should be prohibited from
entering Stanford, is the subject which
will be debated by Euphronia and
Wranglers in a joint meeting next
Thursday night ib the Women's Club
house. Euphronia will uphold the neg
ative. All members of both societies
will be expected to join in the dis
cussion, two minutes being the alloted
time for presentation of arguments.
Plans are now under way for the
society's annual banquet on December
6.
Resolved, That transfers from junior
colleges should be prohibited from
entering Stanford, is the subject which
will be debated by Euphronia and
Wranglers in a joint meeting next
Thursday night ib the Women's Club
house. Euphronia will uphold the neg
ative. All members of both societies
will be expected to join in the dis
cussion, two minutes being the alloted
time for presentation of arguments.
Plans are now under way for the
society's annual banquet on December
6.
