# INTERSECTIONAL GAME
## 
### 
Stanford's footballers will play
only one intersectional game next
season. That will be on October 4,
when the Indians face the mighty
Michigan Wolverines at the Stanford
Stadium.
Stanford's footballers will play
only one intersectional game next
season. That will be on October 4,
when the Indians face the mighty
Michigan Wolverines at the Stanford
Stadium.
Stanford's footballers will play
only one intersectional game next
season. That will be on October 4,
when the Indians face the mighty
Michigan Wolverines at the Stanford
Stadium.
Stanford's footballers will play
only one intersectional game next
season. That will be on October 4,
when the Indians face the mighty
Michigan Wolverines at the Stanford
Stadium.
Stanford's footballers will play
only one intersectional game next
season. That will be on October 4,
when the Indians face the mighty
Michigan Wolverines at the Stanford
Stadium.
Stanford's footballers will play
only one intersectional game next
season. That will be on October 4,
when the Indians face the mighty
Michigan Wolverines at the Stanford
Stadium.
Stanford's footballers will play
only one intersectional game next
season. That will be on October 4,
when the Indians face the mighty
Michigan Wolverines at the Stanford
Stadium.
Stanford's footballers will play
only one intersectional game next
season. That will be on October 4,
when the Indians face the mighty
Michigan Wolverines at the Stanford
Stadium.
Stanford's footballers will play
only one intersectional game next
season. That will be on October 4,
when the Indians face the mighty
Michigan Wolverines at the Stanford
Stadium.
Stanford's footballers will play
only one intersectional game next
season. That will be on October 4,
when the Indians face the mighty
Michigan Wolverines at the Stanford
Stadium.
Stanford's footballers will play
only one intersectional game next
season. That will be on October 4,
when the Indians face the mighty
Michigan Wolverines at the Stanford
Stadium.
Stanford's footballers will play
only one intersectional game next
season. That will be on October 4,
when the Indians face the mighty
Michigan Wolverines at the Stanford
Stadium.
Stanford's footballers will play
only one intersectional game next
season. That will be on October 4,
when the Indians face the mighty
Michigan Wolverines at the Stanford
Stadium.
Stanford's footballers will play
only one intersectional game next
season. That will be on October 4,
when the Indians face the mighty
Michigan Wolverines at the Stanford
Stadium.
Stanford's footballers will play
only one intersectional game next
season. That will be on October 4,
when the Indians face the mighty
Michigan Wolverines at the Stanford
Stadium.
Stanford's footballers will play
only one intersectional game next
season. That will be on October 4,
when the Indians face the mighty
Michigan Wolverines at the Stanford
Stadium.
