# Delta Chi's State All-Campus ParTy
## 
### 
The Rogues' Ball, an informal all
campus party sponsored by the
Delta Chi's, will be presented Sat
urday night from 9 to 1 at the
Delta Chi house.
Dancing and refreshments will be
featured. The Saints, a five-piece
student combo, will furnish music.
Dress should be according to the
underworld theme.
The Rogues' Ball, an informal all
campus party sponsored by the
Delta Chi's, will be presented Sat
urday night from 9 to 1 at the
Delta Chi house.
Dancing and refreshments will be
featured. The Saints, a five-piece
student combo, will furnish music.
Dress should be according to the
underworld theme.
The Rogues' Ball, an informal all
campus party sponsored by the
Delta Chi's, will be presented Sat
urday night from 9 to 1 at the
Delta Chi house.
Dancing and refreshments will be
featured. The Saints, a five-piece
student combo, will furnish music.
Dress should be according to the
underworld theme.
The Rogues' Ball, an informal all
campus party sponsored by the
Delta Chi's, will be presented Sat
urday night from 9 to 1 at the
Delta Chi house.
Dancing and refreshments will be
featured. The Saints, a five-piece
student combo, will furnish music.
Dress should be according to the
underworld theme.
The Rogues' Ball, an informal all
campus party sponsored by the
Delta Chi's, will be presented Sat
urday night from 9 to 1 at the
Delta Chi house.
Dancing and refreshments will be
featured. The Saints, a five-piece
student combo, will furnish music.
Dress should be according to the
underworld theme.
The Rogues' Ball, an informal all
campus party sponsored by the
Delta Chi's, will be presented Sat
urday night from 9 to 1 at the
Delta Chi house.
Dancing and refreshments will be
featured. The Saints, a five-piece
student combo, will furnish music.
Dress should be according to the
underworld theme.
The Rogues' Ball, an informal all
campus party sponsored by the
Delta Chi's, will be presented Sat
urday night from 9 to 1 at the
Delta Chi house.
Dancing and refreshments will be
featured. The Saints, a five-piece
student combo, will furnish music.
Dress should be according to the
underworld theme.
The Rogues' Ball, an informal all
campus party sponsored by the
Delta Chi's, will be presented Sat
urday night from 9 to 1 at the
Delta Chi house.
Dancing and refreshments will be
featured. The Saints, a five-piece
student combo, will furnish music.
Dress should be according to the
underworld theme.
The Rogues' Ball, an informal all
campus party sponsored by the
Delta Chi's, will be presented Sat
urday night from 9 to 1 at the
Delta Chi house.
Dancing and refreshments will be
featured. The Saints, a five-piece
student combo, will furnish music.
Dress should be according to the
underworld theme.
The Rogues' Ball, an informal all
campus party sponsored by the
Delta Chi's, will be presented Sat
urday night from 9 to 1 at the
Delta Chi house.
Dancing and refreshments will be
featured. The Saints, a five-piece
student combo, will furnish music.
Dress should be according to the
underworld theme.
The Rogues' Ball, an informal all
campus party sponsored by the
Delta Chi's, will be presented Sat
urday night from 9 to 1 at the
Delta Chi house.
Dancing and refreshments will be
featured. The Saints, a five-piece
student combo, will furnish music.
Dress should be according to the
underworld theme.
The Rogues' Ball, an informal all
campus party sponsored by the
Delta Chi's, will be presented Sat
urday night from 9 to 1 at the
Delta Chi house.
Dancing and refreshments will be
featured. The Saints, a five-piece
student combo, will furnish music.
Dress should be according to the
underworld theme.
The Rogues' Ball, an informal all
campus party sponsored by the
Delta Chi's, will be presented Sat
urday night from 9 to 1 at the
Delta Chi house.
Dancing and refreshments will be
featured. The Saints, a five-piece
student combo, will furnish music.
Dress should be according to the
underworld theme.
The Rogues' Ball, an informal all
campus party sponsored by the
Delta Chi's, will be presented Sat
urday night from 9 to 1 at the
Delta Chi house.
Dancing and refreshments will be
featured. The Saints, a five-piece
student combo, will furnish music.
Dress should be according to the
underworld theme.
The Rogues' Ball, an informal all
campus party sponsored by the
Delta Chi's, will be presented Sat
urday night from 9 to 1 at the
Delta Chi house.
Dancing and refreshments will be
featured. The Saints, a five-piece
student combo, will furnish music.
Dress should be according to the
underworld theme.
The Rogues' Ball, an informal all
campus party sponsored by the
Delta Chi's, will be presented Sat
urday night from 9 to 1 at the
Delta Chi house.
Dancing and refreshments will be
featured. The Saints, a five-piece
student combo, will furnish music.
Dress should be according to the
underworld theme.
