# GYMNASTS END SEASON
## 
### 
The Stanford gymnasts will end
their season by competing in the
annual Pacific Athletic Associa
tion meet at the Olympic Club
tonight at X.
The meet is open to any ama
teur athlete from this area and
will attract many high school as
well as college contestants. Rep
resenting Stanford will be Bob
White, Bert Mlinger, Bob Scott,
Jim iVI elton, Carl Walston, and
Dud Kenworthy.
The Stanford gymnasts will end
their season by competing in the
annual Pacific Athletic Associa
tion meet at the Olympic Club
tonight at X.
The meet is open to any ama
teur athlete from this area and
will attract many high school as
well as college contestants. Rep
resenting Stanford will be Bob
White, Bert Mlinger, Bob Scott,
Jim iVI elton, Carl Walston, and
Dud Kenworthy.
The Stanford gymnasts will end
their season by competing in the
annual Pacific Athletic Associa
tion meet at the Olympic Club
tonight at X.
The meet is open to any ama
teur athlete from this area and
will attract many high school as
well as college contestants. Rep
resenting Stanford will be Bob
White, Bert Mlinger, Bob Scott,
Jim iVI elton, Carl Walston, and
Dud Kenworthy.
The Stanford gymnasts will end
their season by competing in the
annual Pacific Athletic Associa
tion meet at the Olympic Club
tonight at X.
The meet is open to any ama
teur athlete from this area and
will attract many high school as
well as college contestants. Rep
resenting Stanford will be Bob
White, Bert Mlinger, Bob Scott,
Jim iVI elton, Carl Walston, and
Dud Kenworthy.
The Stanford gymnasts will end
their season by competing in the
annual Pacific Athletic Associa
tion meet at the Olympic Club
tonight at X.
The meet is open to any ama
teur athlete from this area and
will attract many high school as
well as college contestants. Rep
resenting Stanford will be Bob
White, Bert Mlinger, Bob Scott,
Jim iVI elton, Carl Walston, and
Dud Kenworthy.
The Stanford gymnasts will end
their season by competing in the
annual Pacific Athletic Associa
tion meet at the Olympic Club
tonight at X.
The meet is open to any ama
teur athlete from this area and
will attract many high school as
well as college contestants. Rep
resenting Stanford will be Bob
White, Bert Mlinger, Bob Scott,
Jim iVI elton, Carl Walston, and
Dud Kenworthy.
The Stanford gymnasts will end
their season by competing in the
annual Pacific Athletic Associa
tion meet at the Olympic Club
tonight at X.
The meet is open to any ama
teur athlete from this area and
will attract many high school as
well as college contestants. Rep
resenting Stanford will be Bob
White, Bert Mlinger, Bob Scott,
Jim iVI elton, Carl Walston, and
Dud Kenworthy.
The Stanford gymnasts will end
their season by competing in the
annual Pacific Athletic Associa
tion meet at the Olympic Club
tonight at X.
The meet is open to any ama
teur athlete from this area and
will attract many high school as
well as college contestants. Rep
resenting Stanford will be Bob
White, Bert Mlinger, Bob Scott,
Jim iVI elton, Carl Walston, and
Dud Kenworthy.
The Stanford gymnasts will end
their season by competing in the
annual Pacific Athletic Associa
tion meet at the Olympic Club
tonight at X.
The meet is open to any ama
teur athlete from this area and
will attract many high school as
well as college contestants. Rep
resenting Stanford will be Bob
White, Bert Mlinger, Bob Scott,
Jim iVI elton, Carl Walston, and
Dud Kenworthy.
The Stanford gymnasts will end
their season by competing in the
annual Pacific Athletic Associa
tion meet at the Olympic Club
tonight at X.
The meet is open to any ama
teur athlete from this area and
will attract many high school as
well as college contestants. Rep
resenting Stanford will be Bob
White, Bert Mlinger, Bob Scott,
Jim iVI elton, Carl Walston, and
Dud Kenworthy.
The Stanford gymnasts will end
their season by competing in the
annual Pacific Athletic Associa
tion meet at the Olympic Club
tonight at X.
The meet is open to any ama
teur athlete from this area and
will attract many high school as
well as college contestants. Rep
resenting Stanford will be Bob
White, Bert Mlinger, Bob Scott,
Jim iVI elton, Carl Walston, and
Dud Kenworthy.
The Stanford gymnasts will end
their season by competing in the
annual Pacific Athletic Associa
tion meet at the Olympic Club
tonight at X.
The meet is open to any ama
teur athlete from this area and
will attract many high school as
well as college contestants. Rep
resenting Stanford will be Bob
White, Bert Mlinger, Bob Scott,
Jim iVI elton, Carl Walston, and
Dud Kenworthy.
The Stanford gymnasts will end
their season by competing in the
annual Pacific Athletic Associa
tion meet at the Olympic Club
tonight at X.
The meet is open to any ama
teur athlete from this area and
will attract many high school as
well as college contestants. Rep
resenting Stanford will be Bob
White, Bert Mlinger, Bob Scott,
Jim iVI elton, Carl Walston, and
Dud Kenworthy.
The Stanford gymnasts will end
their season by competing in the
annual Pacific Athletic Associa
tion meet at the Olympic Club
tonight at X.
The meet is open to any ama
teur athlete from this area and
will attract many high school as
well as college contestants. Rep
resenting Stanford will be Bob
White, Bert Mlinger, Bob Scott,
Jim iVI elton, Carl Walston, and
Dud Kenworthy.
The Stanford gymnasts will end
their season by competing in the
annual Pacific Athletic Associa
tion meet at the Olympic Club
tonight at X.
The meet is open to any ama
teur athlete from this area and
will attract many high school as
well as college contestants. Rep
resenting Stanford will be Bob
White, Bert Mlinger, Bob Scott,
Jim iVI elton, Carl Walston, and
Dud Kenworthy.
