# SUNDAY SERMON
## 
### 
Dr. Alexander Miller, Stanford
lecturer in religion, will be the
preacher at the 11 a.m. service in
Memorial Church Sunday. Miller
will speak on "Bread and the Gos
pel."
Dr. Alexander Miller, Stanford
lecturer in religion, will be the
preacher at the 11 a.m. service in
Memorial Church Sunday. Miller
will speak on "Bread and the Gos
pel."
Dr. Alexander Miller, Stanford
lecturer in religion, will be the
preacher at the 11 a.m. service in
Memorial Church Sunday. Miller
will speak on "Bread and the Gos
pel."
Dr. Alexander Miller, Stanford
lecturer in religion, will be the
preacher at the 11 a.m. service in
Memorial Church Sunday. Miller
will speak on "Bread and the Gos
pel."
Dr. Alexander Miller, Stanford
lecturer in religion, will be the
preacher at the 11 a.m. service in
Memorial Church Sunday. Miller
will speak on "Bread and the Gos
pel."
Dr. Alexander Miller, Stanford
lecturer in religion, will be the
preacher at the 11 a.m. service in
Memorial Church Sunday. Miller
will speak on "Bread and the Gos
pel."
Dr. Alexander Miller, Stanford
lecturer in religion, will be the
preacher at the 11 a.m. service in
Memorial Church Sunday. Miller
will speak on "Bread and the Gos
pel."
Dr. Alexander Miller, Stanford
lecturer in religion, will be the
preacher at the 11 a.m. service in
Memorial Church Sunday. Miller
will speak on "Bread and the Gos
pel."
Dr. Alexander Miller, Stanford
lecturer in religion, will be the
preacher at the 11 a.m. service in
Memorial Church Sunday. Miller
will speak on "Bread and the Gos
pel."
Dr. Alexander Miller, Stanford
lecturer in religion, will be the
preacher at the 11 a.m. service in
Memorial Church Sunday. Miller
will speak on "Bread and the Gos
pel."
Dr. Alexander Miller, Stanford
lecturer in religion, will be the
preacher at the 11 a.m. service in
Memorial Church Sunday. Miller
will speak on "Bread and the Gos
pel."
Dr. Alexander Miller, Stanford
lecturer in religion, will be the
preacher at the 11 a.m. service in
Memorial Church Sunday. Miller
will speak on "Bread and the Gos
pel."
Dr. Alexander Miller, Stanford
lecturer in religion, will be the
preacher at the 11 a.m. service in
Memorial Church Sunday. Miller
will speak on "Bread and the Gos
pel."
Dr. Alexander Miller, Stanford
lecturer in religion, will be the
preacher at the 11 a.m. service in
Memorial Church Sunday. Miller
will speak on "Bread and the Gos
pel."
Dr. Alexander Miller, Stanford
lecturer in religion, will be the
preacher at the 11 a.m. service in
Memorial Church Sunday. Miller
will speak on "Bread and the Gos
pel."
