# SU Psychiatrist Gives Address
## 
### 
Dr. Harry A. Wilmer, Stanford
Medical School psychiatrist, will
give the principal address at Ihe
annual meeting of the North Pa
cific Society of Neurology and
Psychiatry in Portland this week
end.
In a talk today, Dr. Wilntfr will
discuss "The Therapeutic Com
munity in Action." The "thera
peutic community" describes a
new technique for handling men
tal patients by giving ihem near
normal group freedom. The ap
plication of this technique in
Nnvy and California state hospi
tals will be discussed.
At another session of the three
day meetiJigs, Dr. Wilmer will
give a paper on "Neuropsychiat
ric Cases at St. Bartholomew's
Hospital in the Twelfth Century.'
