# Comedian
## 
### 

Bud Cady, long prominent in
campus dramatics, was given his
sccond comedy role of the year
when he was selected to play the
part of Montalvo, the young cap
tain in the coming Sword and
Sandals reading of Maxwell An
derson's play, "Buccaneer."

Bud Cady, long prominent in
campus dramatics, was given his
sccond comedy role of the year
when he was selected to play the
part of Montalvo, the young cap
tain in the coming Sword and
Sandals reading of Maxwell An
derson's play, "Buccaneer."

Bud Cady, long prominent in
campus dramatics, was given his
sccond comedy role of the year
when he was selected to play the
part of Montalvo, the young cap
tain in the coming Sword and
Sandals reading of Maxwell An
derson's play, "Buccaneer."

Bud Cady, long prominent in
campus dramatics, was given his
sccond comedy role of the year
when he was selected to play the
part of Montalvo, the young cap
tain in the coming Sword and
Sandals reading of Maxwell An
derson's play, "Buccaneer."

Bud Cady, long prominent in
campus dramatics, was given his
sccond comedy role of the year
when he was selected to play the
part of Montalvo, the young cap
tain in the coming Sword and
Sandals reading of Maxwell An
derson's play, "Buccaneer."

Bud Cady, long prominent in
campus dramatics, was given his
sccond comedy role of the year
when he was selected to play the
part of Montalvo, the young cap
tain in the coming Sword and
Sandals reading of Maxwell An
derson's play, "Buccaneer."

Bud Cady, long prominent in
campus dramatics, was given his
sccond comedy role of the year
when he was selected to play the
part of Montalvo, the young cap
tain in the coming Sword and
Sandals reading of Maxwell An
derson's play, "Buccaneer."

Bud Cady, long prominent in
campus dramatics, was given his
sccond comedy role of the year
when he was selected to play the
part of Montalvo, the young cap
tain in the coming Sword and
Sandals reading of Maxwell An
derson's play, "Buccaneer."

Bud Cady, long prominent in
campus dramatics, was given his
sccond comedy role of the year
when he was selected to play the
part of Montalvo, the young cap
tain in the coming Sword and
Sandals reading of Maxwell An
derson's play, "Buccaneer."

Bud Cady, long prominent in
campus dramatics, was given his
sccond comedy role of the year
when he was selected to play the
part of Montalvo, the young cap
tain in the coming Sword and
Sandals reading of Maxwell An
derson's play, "Buccaneer."

Bud Cady, long prominent in
campus dramatics, was given his
sccond comedy role of the year
when he was selected to play the
part of Montalvo, the young cap
tain in the coming Sword and
Sandals reading of Maxwell An
derson's play, "Buccaneer."

Bud Cady, long prominent in
campus dramatics, was given his
sccond comedy role of the year
when he was selected to play the
part of Montalvo, the young cap
tain in the coming Sword and
Sandals reading of Maxwell An
derson's play, "Buccaneer."

Bud Cady, long prominent in
campus dramatics, was given his
sccond comedy role of the year
when he was selected to play the
part of Montalvo, the young cap
tain in the coming Sword and
Sandals reading of Maxwell An
derson's play, "Buccaneer."

Bud Cady, long prominent in
campus dramatics, was given his
sccond comedy role of the year
when he was selected to play the
part of Montalvo, the young cap
tain in the coming Sword and
Sandals reading of Maxwell An
derson's play, "Buccaneer."

Bud Cady, long prominent in
campus dramatics, was given his
sccond comedy role of the year
when he was selected to play the
part of Montalvo, the young cap
tain in the coming Sword and
Sandals reading of Maxwell An
derson's play, "Buccaneer."
