# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
KEEBLE'S
CHRISTMAS
CARDS
are Different. There is a
refreshing charm and in
dividuality about the de
signs. colorings, and gen
eral style.
ORDERS FOR ENGRAVED
GREETING CARDS MUST
BE PLACED PROMPTLY
TO INSURE DELIVERY
|
Don't fail to see our
large line of GIFTS
David Keeble
.12.'] University Ave.
KEEBLE'S
CHRISTMAS
CARDS
are Different. There is a
refreshing charm and in
dividuality about the de
signs. colorings, and gen
eral style.
ORDERS FOR ENGRAVED
GREETING CARDS MUST
BE PLACED PROMPTLY
TO INSURE DELIVERY
|
Don't fail to see our
large line of GIFTS
David Keeble
.12.'] University Ave.
KEEBLE'S
CHRISTMAS
CARDS
are Different. There is a
refreshing charm and in
dividuality about the de
signs. colorings, and gen
eral style.
ORDERS FOR ENGRAVED
GREETING CARDS MUST
BE PLACED PROMPTLY
TO INSURE DELIVERY
|
Don't fail to see our
large line of GIFTS
David Keeble
.12.'] University Ave.
KEEBLE'S
CHRISTMAS
CARDS
are Different. There is a
refreshing charm and in
dividuality about the de
signs. colorings, and gen
eral style.
ORDERS FOR ENGRAVED
GREETING CARDS MUST
BE PLACED PROMPTLY
TO INSURE DELIVERY
|
Don't fail to see our
large line of GIFTS
David Keeble
.12.'] University Ave.
KEEBLE'S
CHRISTMAS
CARDS
are Different. There is a
refreshing charm and in
dividuality about the de
signs. colorings, and gen
eral style.
ORDERS FOR ENGRAVED
GREETING CARDS MUST
BE PLACED PROMPTLY
TO INSURE DELIVERY
|
Don't fail to see our
large line of GIFTS
David Keeble
.12.'] University Ave.
KEEBLE'S
CHRISTMAS
CARDS
are Different. There is a
refreshing charm and in
dividuality about the de
signs. colorings, and gen
eral style.
ORDERS FOR ENGRAVED
GREETING CARDS MUST
BE PLACED PROMPTLY
TO INSURE DELIVERY
|
Don't fail to see our
large line of GIFTS
David Keeble
.12.'] University Ave.
KEEBLE'S
CHRISTMAS
CARDS
are Different. There is a
refreshing charm and in
dividuality about the de
signs. colorings, and gen
eral style.
ORDERS FOR ENGRAVED
GREETING CARDS MUST
BE PLACED PROMPTLY
TO INSURE DELIVERY
|
Don't fail to see our
large line of GIFTS
David Keeble
.12.'] University Ave.
KEEBLE'S
CHRISTMAS
CARDS
are Different. There is a
refreshing charm and in
dividuality about the de
signs. colorings, and gen
eral style.
ORDERS FOR ENGRAVED
GREETING CARDS MUST
BE PLACED PROMPTLY
TO INSURE DELIVERY
|
Don't fail to see our
large line of GIFTS
David Keeble
.12.'] University Ave.
KEEBLE'S
CHRISTMAS
CARDS
are Different. There is a
refreshing charm and in
dividuality about the de
signs. colorings, and gen
eral style.
ORDERS FOR ENGRAVED
GREETING CARDS MUST
BE PLACED PROMPTLY
TO INSURE DELIVERY
|
Don't fail to see our
large line of GIFTS
David Keeble
.12.'] University Ave.
KEEBLE'S
CHRISTMAS
CARDS
are Different. There is a
refreshing charm and in
dividuality about the de
signs. colorings, and gen
eral style.
ORDERS FOR ENGRAVED
GREETING CARDS MUST
BE PLACED PROMPTLY
TO INSURE DELIVERY
|
Don't fail to see our
large line of GIFTS
David Keeble
.12.'] University Ave.
KEEBLE'S
CHRISTMAS
CARDS
are Different. There is a
refreshing charm and in
dividuality about the de
signs. colorings, and gen
eral style.
ORDERS FOR ENGRAVED
GREETING CARDS MUST
BE PLACED PROMPTLY
TO INSURE DELIVERY
|
Don't fail to see our
large line of GIFTS
David Keeble
.12.'] University Ave.
KEEBLE'S
CHRISTMAS
CARDS
are Different. There is a
refreshing charm and in
dividuality about the de
signs. colorings, and gen
eral style.
ORDERS FOR ENGRAVED
GREETING CARDS MUST
BE PLACED PROMPTLY
TO INSURE DELIVERY
|
Don't fail to see our
large line of GIFTS
David Keeble
.12.'] University Ave.
KEEBLE'S
CHRISTMAS
CARDS
are Different. There is a
refreshing charm and in
dividuality about the de
signs. colorings, and gen
eral style.
ORDERS FOR ENGRAVED
GREETING CARDS MUST
BE PLACED PROMPTLY
TO INSURE DELIVERY
|
Don't fail to see our
large line of GIFTS
David Keeble
.12.'] University Ave.
KEEBLE'S
CHRISTMAS
CARDS
are Different. There is a
refreshing charm and in
dividuality about the de
signs. colorings, and gen
eral style.
ORDERS FOR ENGRAVED
GREETING CARDS MUST
BE PLACED PROMPTLY
TO INSURE DELIVERY
|
Don't fail to see our
large line of GIFTS
David Keeble
.12.'] University Ave.
KEEBLE'S
CHRISTMAS
CARDS
are Different. There is a
refreshing charm and in
dividuality about the de
signs. colorings, and gen
eral style.
ORDERS FOR ENGRAVED
GREETING CARDS MUST
BE PLACED PROMPTLY
TO INSURE DELIVERY
|
Don't fail to see our
large line of GIFTS
David Keeble
.12.'] University Ave.
