# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Many interesting news items Lave
been obtained at the office of the
Registrar l tely. We wish to express
our appreciation of the continued
courtesy of the Registrar in making
these items accessible, and in fre
quently furnishing them ready for
publication.
Many interesting news items Lave
been obtained at the office of the
Registrar l tely. We wish to express
our appreciation of the continued
courtesy of the Registrar in making
these items accessible, and in fre
quently furnishing them ready for
publication.
Many interesting news items Lave
been obtained at the office of the
Registrar l tely. We wish to express
our appreciation of the continued
courtesy of the Registrar in making
these items accessible, and in fre
quently furnishing them ready for
publication.
