# ANNOUNCEMENT
## 
### 
MONDAY.
(lirislinii Science Society—B p.m.,
Women's Club House. Open to flu
dents and faculty.
MONDAY.
(lirislinii Science Society—B p.m.,
Women's Club House. Open to flu
dents and faculty.
MONDAY.
(lirislinii Science Society—B p.m.,
Women's Club House. Open to flu
dents and faculty.
MONDAY.
(lirislinii Science Society—B p.m.,
Women's Club House. Open to flu
dents and faculty.
MONDAY.
(lirislinii Science Society—B p.m.,
Women's Club House. Open to flu
dents and faculty.
MONDAY.
(lirislinii Science Society—B p.m.,
Women's Club House. Open to flu
dents and faculty.
MONDAY.
(lirislinii Science Society—B p.m.,
Women's Club House. Open to flu
dents and faculty.
MONDAY.
(lirislinii Science Society—B p.m.,
Women's Club House. Open to flu
dents and faculty.
MONDAY.
(lirislinii Science Society—B p.m.,
Women's Club House. Open to flu
dents and faculty.
MONDAY.
(lirislinii Science Society—B p.m.,
Women's Club House. Open to flu
dents and faculty.
MONDAY.
(lirislinii Science Society—B p.m.,
Women's Club House. Open to flu
dents and faculty.
MONDAY.
(lirislinii Science Society—B p.m.,
Women's Club House. Open to flu
dents and faculty.
MONDAY.
(lirislinii Science Society—B p.m.,
Women's Club House. Open to flu
dents and faculty.
MONDAY.
(lirislinii Science Society—B p.m.,
Women's Club House. Open to flu
dents and faculty.
MONDAY.
(lirislinii Science Society—B p.m.,
Women's Club House. Open to flu
dents and faculty.
