# Quad.
## 
### 
W. Kemp, '09, has been appointed
Professor of Education at the Univer
sity of Montana.
W. Kemp, '09, has been appointed
Professor of Education at the Univer
sity of Montana.
W. Kemp, '09, has been appointed
Professor of Education at the Univer
sity of Montana.
W. Kemp, '09, has been appointed
Professor of Education at the Univer
sity of Montana.
W. Kemp, '09, has been appointed
Professor of Education at the Univer
sity of Montana.
W. Kemp, '09, has been appointed
Professor of Education at the Univer
sity of Montana.
W. Kemp, '09, has been appointed
Professor of Education at the Univer
sity of Montana.
W. Kemp, '09, has been appointed
Professor of Education at the Univer
sity of Montana.
W. Kemp, '09, has been appointed
Professor of Education at the Univer
sity of Montana.
W. Kemp, '09, has been appointed
Professor of Education at the Univer
sity of Montana.
W. Kemp, '09, has been appointed
Professor of Education at the Univer
sity of Montana.
W. Kemp, '09, has been appointed
Professor of Education at the Univer
sity of Montana.
W. Kemp, '09, has been appointed
Professor of Education at the Univer
sity of Montana.
