# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
Spring Shirts
Are Here
A iarge selection of color
f u I new Poplins,
Broadcloths and
Oxfords
$2.50
All with our famous "own
design collars"
"Thelps-terkel
538 Ramona St.
Spring Shirts
Are Here
A iarge selection of color
f u I new Poplins,
Broadcloths and
Oxfords
$2.50
All with our famous "own
design collars"
"Thelps-terkel
538 Ramona St.
Spring Shirts
Are Here
A iarge selection of color
f u I new Poplins,
Broadcloths and
Oxfords
$2.50
All with our famous "own
design collars"
"Thelps-terkel
538 Ramona St.
Spring Shirts
Are Here
A iarge selection of color
f u I new Poplins,
Broadcloths and
Oxfords
$2.50
All with our famous "own
design collars"
"Thelps-terkel
538 Ramona St.
Spring Shirts
Are Here
A iarge selection of color
f u I new Poplins,
Broadcloths and
Oxfords
$2.50
All with our famous "own
design collars"
"Thelps-terkel
538 Ramona St.
Spring Shirts
Are Here
A iarge selection of color
f u I new Poplins,
Broadcloths and
Oxfords
$2.50
All with our famous "own
design collars"
"Thelps-terkel
538 Ramona St.
Spring Shirts
Are Here
A iarge selection of color
f u I new Poplins,
Broadcloths and
Oxfords
$2.50
All with our famous "own
design collars"
"Thelps-terkel
538 Ramona St.
Spring Shirts
Are Here
A iarge selection of color
f u I new Poplins,
Broadcloths and
Oxfords
$2.50
All with our famous "own
design collars"
"Thelps-terkel
538 Ramona St.
Spring Shirts
Are Here
A iarge selection of color
f u I new Poplins,
Broadcloths and
Oxfords
$2.50
All with our famous "own
design collars"
"Thelps-terkel
538 Ramona St.
Spring Shirts
Are Here
A iarge selection of color
f u I new Poplins,
Broadcloths and
Oxfords
$2.50
All with our famous "own
design collars"
"Thelps-terkel
538 Ramona St.
Spring Shirts
Are Here
A iarge selection of color
f u I new Poplins,
Broadcloths and
Oxfords
$2.50
All with our famous "own
design collars"
"Thelps-terkel
538 Ramona St.
Spring Shirts
Are Here
A iarge selection of color
f u I new Poplins,
Broadcloths and
Oxfords
$2.50
All with our famous "own
design collars"
"Thelps-terkel
538 Ramona St.
Spring Shirts
Are Here
A iarge selection of color
f u I new Poplins,
Broadcloths and
Oxfords
$2.50
All with our famous "own
design collars"
"Thelps-terkel
538 Ramona St.
Spring Shirts
Are Here
A iarge selection of color
f u I new Poplins,
Broadcloths and
Oxfords
$2.50
All with our famous "own
design collars"
"Thelps-terkel
538 Ramona St.
Spring Shirts
Are Here
A iarge selection of color
f u I new Poplins,
Broadcloths and
Oxfords
$2.50
All with our famous "own
design collars"
"Thelps-terkel
538 Ramona St.
