# WHOSE FOOL'S DAY?
## 
### 
NEW YORK, April 1. (TP)—April
fool, eh? Mr., Mrs., and Miss In
vestor of America get something
like $750,000,000 in dividends and
interest today.
NEW YORK, April 1. (TP)—April
fool, eh? Mr., Mrs., and Miss In
vestor of America get something
like $750,000,000 in dividends and
interest today.
NEW YORK, April 1. (TP)—April
fool, eh? Mr., Mrs., and Miss In
vestor of America get something
like $750,000,000 in dividends and
interest today.
NEW YORK, April 1. (TP)—April
fool, eh? Mr., Mrs., and Miss In
vestor of America get something
like $750,000,000 in dividends and
interest today.
NEW YORK, April 1. (TP)—April
fool, eh? Mr., Mrs., and Miss In
vestor of America get something
like $750,000,000 in dividends and
interest today.
NEW YORK, April 1. (TP)—April
fool, eh? Mr., Mrs., and Miss In
vestor of America get something
like $750,000,000 in dividends and
interest today.
NEW YORK, April 1. (TP)—April
fool, eh? Mr., Mrs., and Miss In
vestor of America get something
like $750,000,000 in dividends and
interest today.
NEW YORK, April 1. (TP)—April
fool, eh? Mr., Mrs., and Miss In
vestor of America get something
like $750,000,000 in dividends and
interest today.
NEW YORK, April 1. (TP)—April
fool, eh? Mr., Mrs., and Miss In
vestor of America get something
like $750,000,000 in dividends and
interest today.
NEW YORK, April 1. (TP)—April
fool, eh? Mr., Mrs., and Miss In
vestor of America get something
like $750,000,000 in dividends and
interest today.
NEW YORK, April 1. (TP)—April
fool, eh? Mr., Mrs., and Miss In
vestor of America get something
like $750,000,000 in dividends and
interest today.
NEW YORK, April 1. (TP)—April
fool, eh? Mr., Mrs., and Miss In
vestor of America get something
like $750,000,000 in dividends and
interest today.
NEW YORK, April 1. (TP)—April
fool, eh? Mr., Mrs., and Miss In
vestor of America get something
like $750,000,000 in dividends and
interest today.
NEW YORK, April 1. (TP)—April
fool, eh? Mr., Mrs., and Miss In
vestor of America get something
like $750,000,000 in dividends and
interest today.
NEW YORK, April 1. (TP)—April
fool, eh? Mr., Mrs., and Miss In
vestor of America get something
like $750,000,000 in dividends and
interest today.
