# Y.W.C.A. TO ELECT OFFICERS AT TEA TO BE HELD TODAY
## 
### 
â€” Election of new Y.W.C.A. of
ficers for this quarter will occur
today at a tea given from 4 to 5:30
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
All members are urged to be pres
ent. The revised constitution will
also be voted on.
Nominees for office include Kay
Spaulding, president; Olive Mott,
vice president; Frances Johnson and
Alice Wolcott, secretary; Elizabeth
Pillsbury, treasurer.
The new members of the cabinet,
which is composed of chairmen of
committees chosen from various
classes and living groups by old
members, will be announced next
week, according to Lillian Shuck,
president. All cabinet members
and the new officers will attend the
annual spring conference, to be held
this year at the College of the Pa
cific, April 10 to 12. Dean Yost is
to be the principal speaker at the
conference, to which A.W.S. officers
are also invited.
