# Adv. 30 Page 9
## 
### 
Xft XQ
Chi Omega
Cold Stone
Study Break
THIS THURSDAY
Come to Cold Stone Creamery
at the Town & Country
Shopping Center from 7 p.m.
to 9 p.m. on Thursday, Mayl2,
and 20% of the price of your
purchase will be donated to
the Make-A-Wish Foundation!
Xft XQ
Chi Omega
Cold Stone
Study Break
THIS THURSDAY
Come to Cold Stone Creamery
at the Town & Country
Shopping Center from 7 p.m.
to 9 p.m. on Thursday, Mayl2,
and 20% of the price of your
purchase will be donated to
the Make-A-Wish Foundation!
Xft XQ
Chi Omega
Cold Stone
Study Break
THIS THURSDAY
Come to Cold Stone Creamery
at the Town & Country
Shopping Center from 7 p.m.
to 9 p.m. on Thursday, Mayl2,
and 20% of the price of your
purchase will be donated to
the Make-A-Wish Foundation!
Xft XQ
Chi Omega
Cold Stone
Study Break
THIS THURSDAY
Come to Cold Stone Creamery
at the Town & Country
Shopping Center from 7 p.m.
to 9 p.m. on Thursday, Mayl2,
and 20% of the price of your
purchase will be donated to
the Make-A-Wish Foundation!
Xft XQ
Chi Omega
Cold Stone
Study Break
THIS THURSDAY
Come to Cold Stone Creamery
at the Town & Country
Shopping Center from 7 p.m.
to 9 p.m. on Thursday, Mayl2,
and 20% of the price of your
purchase will be donated to
the Make-A-Wish Foundation!
Xft XQ
Chi Omega
Cold Stone
Study Break
THIS THURSDAY
Come to Cold Stone Creamery
at the Town & Country
Shopping Center from 7 p.m.
to 9 p.m. on Thursday, Mayl2,
and 20% of the price of your
purchase will be donated to
the Make-A-Wish Foundation!
Xft XQ
Chi Omega
Cold Stone
Study Break
THIS THURSDAY
Come to Cold Stone Creamery
at the Town & Country
Shopping Center from 7 p.m.
to 9 p.m. on Thursday, Mayl2,
and 20% of the price of your
purchase will be donated to
the Make-A-Wish Foundation!
Xft XQ
Chi Omega
Cold Stone
Study Break
THIS THURSDAY
Come to Cold Stone Creamery
at the Town & Country
Shopping Center from 7 p.m.
to 9 p.m. on Thursday, Mayl2,
and 20% of the price of your
purchase will be donated to
the Make-A-Wish Foundation!
