# Basketball Rules Will Be Revised
## 
### 
LONDON. Aug. 10 (UP). —The
International Basketball Federation
rules, which have not been changed
since 1936, will undergo a radical
revision after the Olympic basket
ball tournament ends Friday, the
United Press learned tonight.
In other respects, the strongest
faction on the Olympic Rules Com
mittee favors new rules to simplify
the game in accordance with the
American game.
LONDON. Aug. 10 (UP). —The
International Basketball Federation
rules, which have not been changed
since 1936, will undergo a radical
revision after the Olympic basket
ball tournament ends Friday, the
United Press learned tonight.
In other respects, the strongest
faction on the Olympic Rules Com
mittee favors new rules to simplify
the game in accordance with the
American game.
LONDON. Aug. 10 (UP). —The
International Basketball Federation
rules, which have not been changed
since 1936, will undergo a radical
revision after the Olympic basket
ball tournament ends Friday, the
United Press learned tonight.
In other respects, the strongest
faction on the Olympic Rules Com
mittee favors new rules to simplify
the game in accordance with the
American game.
LONDON. Aug. 10 (UP). —The
International Basketball Federation
rules, which have not been changed
since 1936, will undergo a radical
revision after the Olympic basket
ball tournament ends Friday, the
United Press learned tonight.
In other respects, the strongest
faction on the Olympic Rules Com
mittee favors new rules to simplify
the game in accordance with the
American game.
LONDON. Aug. 10 (UP). —The
International Basketball Federation
rules, which have not been changed
since 1936, will undergo a radical
revision after the Olympic basket
ball tournament ends Friday, the
United Press learned tonight.
In other respects, the strongest
faction on the Olympic Rules Com
mittee favors new rules to simplify
the game in accordance with the
American game.
LONDON. Aug. 10 (UP). —The
International Basketball Federation
rules, which have not been changed
since 1936, will undergo a radical
revision after the Olympic basket
ball tournament ends Friday, the
United Press learned tonight.
In other respects, the strongest
faction on the Olympic Rules Com
mittee favors new rules to simplify
the game in accordance with the
American game.
LONDON. Aug. 10 (UP). —The
International Basketball Federation
rules, which have not been changed
since 1936, will undergo a radical
revision after the Olympic basket
ball tournament ends Friday, the
United Press learned tonight.
In other respects, the strongest
faction on the Olympic Rules Com
mittee favors new rules to simplify
the game in accordance with the
American game.
LONDON. Aug. 10 (UP). —The
International Basketball Federation
rules, which have not been changed
since 1936, will undergo a radical
revision after the Olympic basket
ball tournament ends Friday, the
United Press learned tonight.
In other respects, the strongest
faction on the Olympic Rules Com
mittee favors new rules to simplify
the game in accordance with the
American game.
LONDON. Aug. 10 (UP). —The
International Basketball Federation
rules, which have not been changed
since 1936, will undergo a radical
revision after the Olympic basket
ball tournament ends Friday, the
United Press learned tonight.
In other respects, the strongest
faction on the Olympic Rules Com
mittee favors new rules to simplify
the game in accordance with the
American game.
LONDON. Aug. 10 (UP). —The
International Basketball Federation
rules, which have not been changed
since 1936, will undergo a radical
revision after the Olympic basket
ball tournament ends Friday, the
United Press learned tonight.
In other respects, the strongest
faction on the Olympic Rules Com
mittee favors new rules to simplify
the game in accordance with the
American game.
LONDON. Aug. 10 (UP). —The
International Basketball Federation
rules, which have not been changed
since 1936, will undergo a radical
revision after the Olympic basket
ball tournament ends Friday, the
United Press learned tonight.
In other respects, the strongest
faction on the Olympic Rules Com
mittee favors new rules to simplify
the game in accordance with the
American game.
LONDON. Aug. 10 (UP). —The
International Basketball Federation
rules, which have not been changed
since 1936, will undergo a radical
revision after the Olympic basket
ball tournament ends Friday, the
United Press learned tonight.
In other respects, the strongest
faction on the Olympic Rules Com
mittee favors new rules to simplify
the game in accordance with the
American game.
LONDON. Aug. 10 (UP). —The
International Basketball Federation
rules, which have not been changed
since 1936, will undergo a radical
revision after the Olympic basket
ball tournament ends Friday, the
United Press learned tonight.
In other respects, the strongest
faction on the Olympic Rules Com
mittee favors new rules to simplify
the game in accordance with the
American game.
LONDON. Aug. 10 (UP). —The
International Basketball Federation
rules, which have not been changed
since 1936, will undergo a radical
revision after the Olympic basket
ball tournament ends Friday, the
United Press learned tonight.
In other respects, the strongest
faction on the Olympic Rules Com
mittee favors new rules to simplify
the game in accordance with the
American game.
LONDON. Aug. 10 (UP). —The
International Basketball Federation
rules, which have not been changed
since 1936, will undergo a radical
revision after the Olympic basket
ball tournament ends Friday, the
United Press learned tonight.
In other respects, the strongest
faction on the Olympic Rules Com
mittee favors new rules to simplify
the game in accordance with the
American game.
