# Adv. 10 Page 4
## 
### 
FOR RENT
FOR RENT—-3-room furnished cot
tage across from Roble Bridge.
Call 8688 in the morning.
KINGSCOTE—One apt. $50,, per
manent or transient guests. One
garage.
PUBLIC STENOGRAPHER. Type
themes, term papers. Frances R.
Scott, 544 Rainona. Telephone
22312.
DANCING
DANCING—Classes Thursday p.m.
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boyce Ave. Call
3369. Private lessons by appoint
ment.
MEN WANTED
A SALARY for 11 weeks this sum
mer, plus a $150 scholarship, plus
a cash bonus, to a limited number
of students who are obliged to
earn their own way through col
lege. Address inquiries including
any personal employment refer
ences, P.O. Box 1003 Los Angeles,
WANTED
WANTED—One or two canoes.
Call 130 Encina or write Box 1467, j
Campus.
