# ITALIAN CONDITIONS SATISFACTORY SAYS NEWSPAPER EDITOR
## 
### 
Conditions in Italy are very much
better than thousands of people out
side the country seem to think, ac
cording to Ettore Patrizi, editor of
the largest Italian newspaper on the
coast, who spoke in Palo Aito last
night.
The great mass of laborers are
now satisfied, and improvements are
going on at an astounding rate, ac
cording to Patrizi. Unemployment is
very slight.
"One of the features of Italy is
that she has a good king. He had
the foresight to see the worth of
Mussolini, and the two are on
friendly terms at present.
"Mussolini is dictator because
ninety-five per cent of the Italian
people want him to be so," the
speaker continued. "If they wanted
to, they could get rid of him in
twenty-four hours."
