# PARTY FOR CHINESE TO BE HELD IN OLD UNION LOBBY MAY 1
## 
### 
To give the students and faculty
members a chance to become ac
quainted with the Chinese students
at Stanford, the Stanford Christian
Association, together with the Chi
nese Club, is giving a Chinese party
in the lobby of the Old Union Friday
night, May 1, from 8 to 10 o'clock.
The decorations will be along the
lines of a Chinese home, with suit
able colors, banners, vases, and lan
terns. The program for the evening
will include a welcoming address by
one of the Chinese students and a
program of Chinese music. An oco
rino solo by Robert Lee, and a vocal
solo, are scheduled.
Although a number of students
and faculty members have been in
vited, all those who are interested
in meeting the Chinese students will
be wcjcome, Refreshments will be
served.
