# Correction
## 
### 
In "Stanford to lease land
for hotel," published yes
terday, the headline was in
accurate. Stanford will not
be leasing the land for the
hotel. Instead, the Universi
ty is employing Rosewood
Hotels and Resorts only to
operate the establishment,
and Stanford will retain
ownership of the building
and the land on which it is
planned to be built.
In "Stanford to lease land
for hotel," published yes
terday, the headline was in
accurate. Stanford will not
be leasing the land for the
hotel. Instead, the Universi
ty is employing Rosewood
Hotels and Resorts only to
operate the establishment,
and Stanford will retain
ownership of the building
and the land on which it is
planned to be built.
In "Stanford to lease land
for hotel," published yes
terday, the headline was in
accurate. Stanford will not
be leasing the land for the
hotel. Instead, the Universi
ty is employing Rosewood
Hotels and Resorts only to
operate the establishment,
and Stanford will retain
ownership of the building
and the land on which it is
planned to be built.
In "Stanford to lease land
for hotel," published yes
terday, the headline was in
accurate. Stanford will not
be leasing the land for the
hotel. Instead, the Universi
ty is employing Rosewood
Hotels and Resorts only to
operate the establishment,
and Stanford will retain
ownership of the building
and the land on which it is
planned to be built.
In "Stanford to lease land
for hotel," published yes
terday, the headline was in
accurate. Stanford will not
be leasing the land for the
hotel. Instead, the Universi
ty is employing Rosewood
Hotels and Resorts only to
operate the establishment,
and Stanford will retain
ownership of the building
and the land on which it is
planned to be built.
In "Stanford to lease land
for hotel," published yes
terday, the headline was in
accurate. Stanford will not
be leasing the land for the
hotel. Instead, the Universi
ty is employing Rosewood
Hotels and Resorts only to
operate the establishment,
and Stanford will retain
ownership of the building
and the land on which it is
planned to be built.
In "Stanford to lease land
for hotel," published yes
terday, the headline was in
accurate. Stanford will not
be leasing the land for the
hotel. Instead, the Universi
ty is employing Rosewood
Hotels and Resorts only to
operate the establishment,
and Stanford will retain
ownership of the building
and the land on which it is
planned to be built.
In "Stanford to lease land
for hotel," published yes
terday, the headline was in
accurate. Stanford will not
be leasing the land for the
hotel. Instead, the Universi
ty is employing Rosewood
Hotels and Resorts only to
operate the establishment,
and Stanford will retain
ownership of the building
and the land on which it is
planned to be built.
In "Stanford to lease land
for hotel," published yes
terday, the headline was in
accurate. Stanford will not
be leasing the land for the
hotel. Instead, the Universi
ty is employing Rosewood
Hotels and Resorts only to
operate the establishment,
and Stanford will retain
ownership of the building
and the land on which it is
planned to be built.
