# STANFORD AND U.S.C. BOXERS BREAK EVEN
## Murphy Wins From Smith in Middleweight Division; Snailham Referees 
### 
Stanforcf and the University of South
ern California divided the honors in the
boxing tournament held in Encina gym
nasium last night. The Cardinal boxers
won in the featherweight and middle
weight divisions, while the Southerners
took the light and welterweight honors.
All of the fights were well fought and
clean throughout.
Joe Murphy won from Jimmy Smith
of U. S. C. in the middleweight class,
in the main event of the program. Ref
eree Billy Snailham stopped the contest
early in the second round when it be
came apparent that Murphy was too ex
perienced and that Smith was outclassed.
This was the prettiest bout of the even
ing'while it lasted. Smith outweighed
Murphy by fifteen pounds, but this ad
vantage was overcome by the superior
ability of Murphy, and in the opening
minute of the second round it was ap
parent that Smith would be unable to
last the three rounds.
Ross of Stanford surprised the audi
ence by winning a decision from Jimmy
Woodward, former amateur national
champion in the featherweight division.
Ross carried tbe fight to Woodward for
three rounds, and a fourth round was
fought to determine the winner. Ross,
was awarded the referee's decision.
Hodges, Stanford entry in the bantam
weight class, was unable to make weight,
