# Mortality Record Shows Forty-Five Students Missing
## 
### 
Mortality statistics from the regis
trar's office show 45 students dismissed
from the University at the end of last
quarter, while 88 were put on "first fail
ure," and 102 were put on probation for
poor scholarship.
The corresponding statistics for the
previous quarter were: Dismissed, 62;
first failures, 130, and probation, 102.
The total registration to date for the
present quarter is 2,056 of which 47 have
entered the University for the first time,
and 12 are students returning after leave
of absence.
Mortality statistics from the regis
trar's office show 45 students dismissed
from the University at the end of last
quarter, while 88 were put on "first fail
ure," and 102 were put on probation for
poor scholarship.
The corresponding statistics for the
previous quarter were: Dismissed, 62;
first failures, 130, and probation, 102.
The total registration to date for the
present quarter is 2,056 of which 47 have
entered the University for the first time,
and 12 are students returning after leave
of absence.
Mortality statistics from the regis
trar's office show 45 students dismissed
from the University at the end of last
quarter, while 88 were put on "first fail
ure," and 102 were put on probation for
poor scholarship.
The corresponding statistics for the
previous quarter were: Dismissed, 62;
first failures, 130, and probation, 102.
The total registration to date for the
present quarter is 2,056 of which 47 have
entered the University for the first time,
and 12 are students returning after leave
of absence.
Mortality statistics from the regis
trar's office show 45 students dismissed
from the University at the end of last
quarter, while 88 were put on "first fail
ure," and 102 were put on probation for
poor scholarship.
The corresponding statistics for the
previous quarter were: Dismissed, 62;
first failures, 130, and probation, 102.
The total registration to date for the
present quarter is 2,056 of which 47 have
entered the University for the first time,
and 12 are students returning after leave
of absence.
Mortality statistics from the regis
trar's office show 45 students dismissed
from the University at the end of last
quarter, while 88 were put on "first fail
ure," and 102 were put on probation for
poor scholarship.
The corresponding statistics for the
previous quarter were: Dismissed, 62;
first failures, 130, and probation, 102.
The total registration to date for the
present quarter is 2,056 of which 47 have
entered the University for the first time,
and 12 are students returning after leave
of absence.
Mortality statistics from the regis
trar's office show 45 students dismissed
from the University at the end of last
quarter, while 88 were put on "first fail
ure," and 102 were put on probation for
poor scholarship.
The corresponding statistics for the
previous quarter were: Dismissed, 62;
first failures, 130, and probation, 102.
The total registration to date for the
present quarter is 2,056 of which 47 have
entered the University for the first time,
and 12 are students returning after leave
of absence.
Mortality statistics from the regis
trar's office show 45 students dismissed
from the University at the end of last
quarter, while 88 were put on "first fail
ure," and 102 were put on probation for
poor scholarship.
The corresponding statistics for the
previous quarter were: Dismissed, 62;
first failures, 130, and probation, 102.
The total registration to date for the
present quarter is 2,056 of which 47 have
entered the University for the first time,
and 12 are students returning after leave
of absence.
Mortality statistics from the regis
trar's office show 45 students dismissed
from the University at the end of last
quarter, while 88 were put on "first fail
ure," and 102 were put on probation for
poor scholarship.
The corresponding statistics for the
previous quarter were: Dismissed, 62;
first failures, 130, and probation, 102.
The total registration to date for the
present quarter is 2,056 of which 47 have
entered the University for the first time,
and 12 are students returning after leave
of absence.
Mortality statistics from the regis
trar's office show 45 students dismissed
from the University at the end of last
quarter, while 88 were put on "first fail
ure," and 102 were put on probation for
poor scholarship.
The corresponding statistics for the
previous quarter were: Dismissed, 62;
first failures, 130, and probation, 102.
The total registration to date for the
present quarter is 2,056 of which 47 have
entered the University for the first time,
and 12 are students returning after leave
of absence.
Mortality statistics from the regis
trar's office show 45 students dismissed
from the University at the end of last
quarter, while 88 were put on "first fail
ure," and 102 were put on probation for
poor scholarship.
The corresponding statistics for the
previous quarter were: Dismissed, 62;
first failures, 130, and probation, 102.
The total registration to date for the
present quarter is 2,056 of which 47 have
entered the University for the first time,
and 12 are students returning after leave
of absence.
Mortality statistics from the regis
trar's office show 45 students dismissed
from the University at the end of last
quarter, while 88 were put on "first fail
ure," and 102 were put on probation for
poor scholarship.
The corresponding statistics for the
previous quarter were: Dismissed, 62;
first failures, 130, and probation, 102.
The total registration to date for the
present quarter is 2,056 of which 47 have
entered the University for the first time,
and 12 are students returning after leave
of absence.
Mortality statistics from the regis
trar's office show 45 students dismissed
from the University at the end of last
quarter, while 88 were put on "first fail
ure," and 102 were put on probation for
poor scholarship.
The corresponding statistics for the
previous quarter were: Dismissed, 62;
first failures, 130, and probation, 102.
The total registration to date for the
present quarter is 2,056 of which 47 have
entered the University for the first time,
and 12 are students returning after leave
of absence.
