# Los Arcos Club To Honor Pledges
## 
### 
Eleven new members of Los Arcos
eating club will be honored on
Friday at a dinner and dance party
in San Francisco.
The new members are George
Engstrom, John Pun, Forrest Rior
dan, Duane Lader, Hal Schaffer, Bill
Fernandez, Carl Scheer, Bob Den
ning, A 1 Scherer, Tony Mottola, and
Vincent Messina.
Los Arcos elected Fred Hawkes
president for the new semi-annual
term Wednesday night. Hawkes re
places John Dodd.
Other new officers are George
Engstrom, vice-president; Don Cra
ven, interclub representative; For
rest Riordan, secretary; John Dodd,
alumni secretary; Don Serimian,
treasurer; and Don Murphy, athletic
manager.
Eleven new members of Los Arcos
eating club will be honored on
Friday at a dinner and dance party
in San Francisco.
The new members are George
Engstrom, John Pun, Forrest Rior
dan, Duane Lader, Hal Schaffer, Bill
Fernandez, Carl Scheer, Bob Den
ning, A 1 Scherer, Tony Mottola, and
Vincent Messina.
Los Arcos elected Fred Hawkes
president for the new semi-annual
term Wednesday night. Hawkes re
places John Dodd.
Other new officers are George
Engstrom, vice-president; Don Cra
ven, interclub representative; For
rest Riordan, secretary; John Dodd,
alumni secretary; Don Serimian,
treasurer; and Don Murphy, athletic
manager.
Eleven new members of Los Arcos
eating club will be honored on
Friday at a dinner and dance party
in San Francisco.
The new members are George
Engstrom, John Pun, Forrest Rior
dan, Duane Lader, Hal Schaffer, Bill
Fernandez, Carl Scheer, Bob Den
ning, A 1 Scherer, Tony Mottola, and
Vincent Messina.
Los Arcos elected Fred Hawkes
president for the new semi-annual
term Wednesday night. Hawkes re
places John Dodd.
Other new officers are George
Engstrom, vice-president; Don Cra
ven, interclub representative; For
rest Riordan, secretary; John Dodd,
alumni secretary; Don Serimian,
treasurer; and Don Murphy, athletic
manager.
Eleven new members of Los Arcos
eating club will be honored on
Friday at a dinner and dance party
in San Francisco.
The new members are George
Engstrom, John Pun, Forrest Rior
dan, Duane Lader, Hal Schaffer, Bill
Fernandez, Carl Scheer, Bob Den
ning, A 1 Scherer, Tony Mottola, and
Vincent Messina.
Los Arcos elected Fred Hawkes
president for the new semi-annual
term Wednesday night. Hawkes re
places John Dodd.
Other new officers are George
Engstrom, vice-president; Don Cra
ven, interclub representative; For
rest Riordan, secretary; John Dodd,
alumni secretary; Don Serimian,
treasurer; and Don Murphy, athletic
manager.
Eleven new members of Los Arcos
eating club will be honored on
Friday at a dinner and dance party
in San Francisco.
The new members are George
Engstrom, John Pun, Forrest Rior
dan, Duane Lader, Hal Schaffer, Bill
Fernandez, Carl Scheer, Bob Den
ning, A 1 Scherer, Tony Mottola, and
Vincent Messina.
Los Arcos elected Fred Hawkes
president for the new semi-annual
term Wednesday night. Hawkes re
places John Dodd.
Other new officers are George
Engstrom, vice-president; Don Cra
ven, interclub representative; For
rest Riordan, secretary; John Dodd,
alumni secretary; Don Serimian,
treasurer; and Don Murphy, athletic
manager.
Eleven new members of Los Arcos
eating club will be honored on
Friday at a dinner and dance party
in San Francisco.
The new members are George
Engstrom, John Pun, Forrest Rior
dan, Duane Lader, Hal Schaffer, Bill
Fernandez, Carl Scheer, Bob Den
ning, A 1 Scherer, Tony Mottola, and
Vincent Messina.
Los Arcos elected Fred Hawkes
president for the new semi-annual
term Wednesday night. Hawkes re
places John Dodd.
Other new officers are George
Engstrom, vice-president; Don Cra
ven, interclub representative; For
rest Riordan, secretary; John Dodd,
alumni secretary; Don Serimian,
treasurer; and Don Murphy, athletic
manager.
Eleven new members of Los Arcos
eating club will be honored on
Friday at a dinner and dance party
in San Francisco.
The new members are George
Engstrom, John Pun, Forrest Rior
dan, Duane Lader, Hal Schaffer, Bill
Fernandez, Carl Scheer, Bob Den
ning, A 1 Scherer, Tony Mottola, and
Vincent Messina.
Los Arcos elected Fred Hawkes
president for the new semi-annual
term Wednesday night. Hawkes re
places John Dodd.
Other new officers are George
Engstrom, vice-president; Don Cra
ven, interclub representative; For
rest Riordan, secretary; John Dodd,
alumni secretary; Don Serimian,
treasurer; and Don Murphy, athletic
manager.
Eleven new members of Los Arcos
eating club will be honored on
Friday at a dinner and dance party
in San Francisco.
The new members are George
Engstrom, John Pun, Forrest Rior
dan, Duane Lader, Hal Schaffer, Bill
Fernandez, Carl Scheer, Bob Den
ning, A 1 Scherer, Tony Mottola, and
Vincent Messina.
Los Arcos elected Fred Hawkes
president for the new semi-annual
term Wednesday night. Hawkes re
places John Dodd.
Other new officers are George
Engstrom, vice-president; Don Cra
ven, interclub representative; For
rest Riordan, secretary; John Dodd,
alumni secretary; Don Serimian,
treasurer; and Don Murphy, athletic
manager.
Eleven new members of Los Arcos
eating club will be honored on
Friday at a dinner and dance party
in San Francisco.
The new members are George
Engstrom, John Pun, Forrest Rior
dan, Duane Lader, Hal Schaffer, Bill
Fernandez, Carl Scheer, Bob Den
ning, A 1 Scherer, Tony Mottola, and
Vincent Messina.
Los Arcos elected Fred Hawkes
president for the new semi-annual
term Wednesday night. Hawkes re
places John Dodd.
Other new officers are George
Engstrom, vice-president; Don Cra
ven, interclub representative; For
rest Riordan, secretary; John Dodd,
alumni secretary; Don Serimian,
treasurer; and Don Murphy, athletic
manager.
Eleven new members of Los Arcos
eating club will be honored on
Friday at a dinner and dance party
in San Francisco.
The new members are George
Engstrom, John Pun, Forrest Rior
dan, Duane Lader, Hal Schaffer, Bill
Fernandez, Carl Scheer, Bob Den
ning, A 1 Scherer, Tony Mottola, and
Vincent Messina.
Los Arcos elected Fred Hawkes
president for the new semi-annual
term Wednesday night. Hawkes re
places John Dodd.
Other new officers are George
Engstrom, vice-president; Don Cra
ven, interclub representative; For
rest Riordan, secretary; John Dodd,
alumni secretary; Don Serimian,
treasurer; and Don Murphy, athletic
manager.
Eleven new members of Los Arcos
eating club will be honored on
Friday at a dinner and dance party
in San Francisco.
The new members are George
Engstrom, John Pun, Forrest Rior
dan, Duane Lader, Hal Schaffer, Bill
Fernandez, Carl Scheer, Bob Den
ning, A 1 Scherer, Tony Mottola, and
Vincent Messina.
Los Arcos elected Fred Hawkes
president for the new semi-annual
term Wednesday night. Hawkes re
places John Dodd.
Other new officers are George
Engstrom, vice-president; Don Cra
ven, interclub representative; For
rest Riordan, secretary; John Dodd,
alumni secretary; Don Serimian,
treasurer; and Don Murphy, athletic
manager.
Eleven new members of Los Arcos
eating club will be honored on
Friday at a dinner and dance party
in San Francisco.
The new members are George
Engstrom, John Pun, Forrest Rior
dan, Duane Lader, Hal Schaffer, Bill
Fernandez, Carl Scheer, Bob Den
ning, A 1 Scherer, Tony Mottola, and
Vincent Messina.
Los Arcos elected Fred Hawkes
president for the new semi-annual
term Wednesday night. Hawkes re
places John Dodd.
Other new officers are George
Engstrom, vice-president; Don Cra
ven, interclub representative; For
rest Riordan, secretary; John Dodd,
alumni secretary; Don Serimian,
treasurer; and Don Murphy, athletic
manager.
Eleven new members of Los Arcos
eating club will be honored on
Friday at a dinner and dance party
in San Francisco.
The new members are George
Engstrom, John Pun, Forrest Rior
dan, Duane Lader, Hal Schaffer, Bill
Fernandez, Carl Scheer, Bob Den
ning, A 1 Scherer, Tony Mottola, and
Vincent Messina.
Los Arcos elected Fred Hawkes
president for the new semi-annual
term Wednesday night. Hawkes re
places John Dodd.
Other new officers are George
Engstrom, vice-president; Don Cra
ven, interclub representative; For
rest Riordan, secretary; John Dodd,
alumni secretary; Don Serimian,
treasurer; and Don Murphy, athletic
manager.
Eleven new members of Los Arcos
eating club will be honored on
Friday at a dinner and dance party
in San Francisco.
The new members are George
Engstrom, John Pun, Forrest Rior
dan, Duane Lader, Hal Schaffer, Bill
Fernandez, Carl Scheer, Bob Den
ning, A 1 Scherer, Tony Mottola, and
Vincent Messina.
Los Arcos elected Fred Hawkes
president for the new semi-annual
term Wednesday night. Hawkes re
places John Dodd.
Other new officers are George
Engstrom, vice-president; Don Cra
ven, interclub representative; For
rest Riordan, secretary; John Dodd,
alumni secretary; Don Serimian,
treasurer; and Don Murphy, athletic
manager.
