# Rains Raise Lake Level Near Limit
## 
### 
Weekend rains raised the water in
Lake Lagunita to 90 million gallons.
This brings the level of the lake to
within two and one-half feet of the
top. The rains also filled Felt Lake
to capacity.
Flumes from Felt and Searsville
Lakes arc now completely closed to
keep Lagunita from rising further.
Clogging in the drainage ditch from
Lagunita has resulted in seepage
coming out in front of Lagunita
Court, and the Chemistry Building.
The ASSU has not set a definite
date to open Lake Lagunita for
swimming. The lake is now suffi
ciently full and will be held at its
present level as long as possible.

Irishman who rose to become one of
the greatest men of literature in all
history.
The author and Series speaker is a
graduate of Stanford, where he re
ceived his M.A. and Ph.D. degrees
from Harvard in 1931 and 1934.
Dr. Irvine will be introduced by
Professor James A. Work, another
member of the Stanford English De
partment faculty.
Weekend rains raised the water in
Lake Lagunita to 90 million gallons.
This brings the level of the lake to
within two and one-half feet of the
top. The rains also filled Felt Lake
to capacity.
Flumes from Felt and Searsville
Lakes arc now completely closed to
keep Lagunita from rising further.
Clogging in the drainage ditch from
Lagunita has resulted in seepage
coming out in front of Lagunita
Court, and the Chemistry Building.
The ASSU has not set a definite
date to open Lake Lagunita for
swimming. The lake is now suffi
ciently full and will be held at its
present level as long as possible.

Irishman who rose to become one of
the greatest men of literature in all
history.
The author and Series speaker is a
graduate of Stanford, where he re
ceived his M.A. and Ph.D. degrees
from Harvard in 1931 and 1934.
Dr. Irvine will be introduced by
Professor James A. Work, another
member of the Stanford English De
partment faculty.
Weekend rains raised the water in
Lake Lagunita to 90 million gallons.
This brings the level of the lake to
within two and one-half feet of the
top. The rains also filled Felt Lake
to capacity.
Flumes from Felt and Searsville
Lakes arc now completely closed to
keep Lagunita from rising further.
Clogging in the drainage ditch from
Lagunita has resulted in seepage
coming out in front of Lagunita
Court, and the Chemistry Building.
The ASSU has not set a definite
date to open Lake Lagunita for
swimming. The lake is now suffi
ciently full and will be held at its
present level as long as possible.

Irishman who rose to become one of
the greatest men of literature in all
history.
The author and Series speaker is a
graduate of Stanford, where he re
ceived his M.A. and Ph.D. degrees
from Harvard in 1931 and 1934.
Dr. Irvine will be introduced by
Professor James A. Work, another
member of the Stanford English De
partment faculty.
Weekend rains raised the water in
Lake Lagunita to 90 million gallons.
This brings the level of the lake to
within two and one-half feet of the
top. The rains also filled Felt Lake
to capacity.
Flumes from Felt and Searsville
Lakes arc now completely closed to
keep Lagunita from rising further.
Clogging in the drainage ditch from
Lagunita has resulted in seepage
coming out in front of Lagunita
Court, and the Chemistry Building.
The ASSU has not set a definite
date to open Lake Lagunita for
swimming. The lake is now suffi
ciently full and will be held at its
present level as long as possible.

Irishman who rose to become one of
the greatest men of literature in all
history.
The author and Series speaker is a
graduate of Stanford, where he re
ceived his M.A. and Ph.D. degrees
from Harvard in 1931 and 1934.
Dr. Irvine will be introduced by
Professor James A. Work, another
member of the Stanford English De
partment faculty.
Weekend rains raised the water in
Lake Lagunita to 90 million gallons.
This brings the level of the lake to
within two and one-half feet of the
top. The rains also filled Felt Lake
to capacity.
Flumes from Felt and Searsville
Lakes arc now completely closed to
keep Lagunita from rising further.
Clogging in the drainage ditch from
Lagunita has resulted in seepage
coming out in front of Lagunita
Court, and the Chemistry Building.
The ASSU has not set a definite
date to open Lake Lagunita for
swimming. The lake is now suffi
ciently full and will be held at its
present level as long as possible.

Irishman who rose to become one of
the greatest men of literature in all
history.
The author and Series speaker is a
graduate of Stanford, where he re
ceived his M.A. and Ph.D. degrees
from Harvard in 1931 and 1934.
Dr. Irvine will be introduced by
Professor James A. Work, another
member of the Stanford English De
partment faculty.
Weekend rains raised the water in
Lake Lagunita to 90 million gallons.
This brings the level of the lake to
within two and one-half feet of the
top. The rains also filled Felt Lake
to capacity.
Flumes from Felt and Searsville
Lakes arc now completely closed to
keep Lagunita from rising further.
Clogging in the drainage ditch from
Lagunita has resulted in seepage
coming out in front of Lagunita
Court, and the Chemistry Building.
The ASSU has not set a definite
date to open Lake Lagunita for
swimming. The lake is now suffi
ciently full and will be held at its
present level as long as possible.

Irishman who rose to become one of
the greatest men of literature in all
history.
The author and Series speaker is a
graduate of Stanford, where he re
ceived his M.A. and Ph.D. degrees
from Harvard in 1931 and 1934.
Dr. Irvine will be introduced by
Professor James A. Work, another
member of the Stanford English De
partment faculty.
Weekend rains raised the water in
Lake Lagunita to 90 million gallons.
This brings the level of the lake to
within two and one-half feet of the
top. The rains also filled Felt Lake
to capacity.
Flumes from Felt and Searsville
Lakes arc now completely closed to
keep Lagunita from rising further.
Clogging in the drainage ditch from
Lagunita has resulted in seepage
coming out in front of Lagunita
Court, and the Chemistry Building.
The ASSU has not set a definite
date to open Lake Lagunita for
swimming. The lake is now suffi
ciently full and will be held at its
present level as long as possible.

Irishman who rose to become one of
the greatest men of literature in all
history.
The author and Series speaker is a
graduate of Stanford, where he re
ceived his M.A. and Ph.D. degrees
from Harvard in 1931 and 1934.
Dr. Irvine will be introduced by
Professor James A. Work, another
member of the Stanford English De
partment faculty.
Weekend rains raised the water in
Lake Lagunita to 90 million gallons.
This brings the level of the lake to
within two and one-half feet of the
top. The rains also filled Felt Lake
to capacity.
Flumes from Felt and Searsville
Lakes arc now completely closed to
keep Lagunita from rising further.
Clogging in the drainage ditch from
Lagunita has resulted in seepage
coming out in front of Lagunita
Court, and the Chemistry Building.
The ASSU has not set a definite
date to open Lake Lagunita for
swimming. The lake is now suffi
ciently full and will be held at its
present level as long as possible.

Irishman who rose to become one of
the greatest men of literature in all
history.
The author and Series speaker is a
graduate of Stanford, where he re
ceived his M.A. and Ph.D. degrees
from Harvard in 1931 and 1934.
Dr. Irvine will be introduced by
Professor James A. Work, another
member of the Stanford English De
partment faculty.
Weekend rains raised the water in
Lake Lagunita to 90 million gallons.
This brings the level of the lake to
within two and one-half feet of the
top. The rains also filled Felt Lake
to capacity.
Flumes from Felt and Searsville
Lakes arc now completely closed to
keep Lagunita from rising further.
Clogging in the drainage ditch from
Lagunita has resulted in seepage
coming out in front of Lagunita
Court, and the Chemistry Building.
The ASSU has not set a definite
date to open Lake Lagunita for
swimming. The lake is now suffi
ciently full and will be held at its
present level as long as possible.

Irishman who rose to become one of
the greatest men of literature in all
history.
The author and Series speaker is a
graduate of Stanford, where he re
ceived his M.A. and Ph.D. degrees
from Harvard in 1931 and 1934.
Dr. Irvine will be introduced by
Professor James A. Work, another
member of the Stanford English De
partment faculty.
Weekend rains raised the water in
Lake Lagunita to 90 million gallons.
This brings the level of the lake to
within two and one-half feet of the
top. The rains also filled Felt Lake
to capacity.
Flumes from Felt and Searsville
Lakes arc now completely closed to
keep Lagunita from rising further.
Clogging in the drainage ditch from
Lagunita has resulted in seepage
coming out in front of Lagunita
Court, and the Chemistry Building.
The ASSU has not set a definite
date to open Lake Lagunita for
swimming. The lake is now suffi
ciently full and will be held at its
present level as long as possible.

Irishman who rose to become one of
the greatest men of literature in all
history.
The author and Series speaker is a
graduate of Stanford, where he re
ceived his M.A. and Ph.D. degrees
from Harvard in 1931 and 1934.
Dr. Irvine will be introduced by
Professor James A. Work, another
member of the Stanford English De
partment faculty.
Weekend rains raised the water in
Lake Lagunita to 90 million gallons.
This brings the level of the lake to
within two and one-half feet of the
top. The rains also filled Felt Lake
to capacity.
Flumes from Felt and Searsville
Lakes arc now completely closed to
keep Lagunita from rising further.
Clogging in the drainage ditch from
Lagunita has resulted in seepage
coming out in front of Lagunita
Court, and the Chemistry Building.
The ASSU has not set a definite
date to open Lake Lagunita for
swimming. The lake is now suffi
ciently full and will be held at its
present level as long as possible.

Irishman who rose to become one of
the greatest men of literature in all
history.
The author and Series speaker is a
graduate of Stanford, where he re
ceived his M.A. and Ph.D. degrees
from Harvard in 1931 and 1934.
Dr. Irvine will be introduced by
Professor James A. Work, another
member of the Stanford English De
partment faculty.
Weekend rains raised the water in
Lake Lagunita to 90 million gallons.
This brings the level of the lake to
within two and one-half feet of the
top. The rains also filled Felt Lake
to capacity.
Flumes from Felt and Searsville
Lakes arc now completely closed to
keep Lagunita from rising further.
Clogging in the drainage ditch from
Lagunita has resulted in seepage
coming out in front of Lagunita
Court, and the Chemistry Building.
The ASSU has not set a definite
date to open Lake Lagunita for
swimming. The lake is now suffi
ciently full and will be held at its
present level as long as possible.

Irishman who rose to become one of
the greatest men of literature in all
history.
The author and Series speaker is a
graduate of Stanford, where he re
ceived his M.A. and Ph.D. degrees
from Harvard in 1931 and 1934.
Dr. Irvine will be introduced by
Professor James A. Work, another
member of the Stanford English De
partment faculty.
Weekend rains raised the water in
Lake Lagunita to 90 million gallons.
This brings the level of the lake to
within two and one-half feet of the
top. The rains also filled Felt Lake
to capacity.
Flumes from Felt and Searsville
Lakes arc now completely closed to
keep Lagunita from rising further.
Clogging in the drainage ditch from
Lagunita has resulted in seepage
coming out in front of Lagunita
Court, and the Chemistry Building.
The ASSU has not set a definite
date to open Lake Lagunita for
swimming. The lake is now suffi
ciently full and will be held at its
present level as long as possible.

Irishman who rose to become one of
the greatest men of literature in all
history.
The author and Series speaker is a
graduate of Stanford, where he re
ceived his M.A. and Ph.D. degrees
from Harvard in 1931 and 1934.
Dr. Irvine will be introduced by
Professor James A. Work, another
member of the Stanford English De
partment faculty.
Weekend rains raised the water in
Lake Lagunita to 90 million gallons.
This brings the level of the lake to
within two and one-half feet of the
top. The rains also filled Felt Lake
to capacity.
Flumes from Felt and Searsville
Lakes arc now completely closed to
keep Lagunita from rising further.
Clogging in the drainage ditch from
Lagunita has resulted in seepage
coming out in front of Lagunita
Court, and the Chemistry Building.
The ASSU has not set a definite
date to open Lake Lagunita for
swimming. The lake is now suffi
ciently full and will be held at its
present level as long as possible.

Irishman who rose to become one of
the greatest men of literature in all
history.
The author and Series speaker is a
graduate of Stanford, where he re
ceived his M.A. and Ph.D. degrees
from Harvard in 1931 and 1934.
Dr. Irvine will be introduced by
Professor James A. Work, another
member of the Stanford English De
partment faculty.
