# CHESS MATCH SCHEDULED
## 
### 
With the second California match
scheduled for Friday night at
Berkeley, the Stanford Chess Club
met last night to make special
preparations for this event. The en
counter with San Francisco Uni
versity, which was set for the city
school last Friday night, was called
ofi and will be played at a later
date.
With the second California match
scheduled for Friday night at
Berkeley, the Stanford Chess Club
met last night to make special
preparations for this event. The en
counter with San Francisco Uni
versity, which was set for the city
school last Friday night, was called
ofi and will be played at a later
date.
With the second California match
scheduled for Friday night at
Berkeley, the Stanford Chess Club
met last night to make special
preparations for this event. The en
counter with San Francisco Uni
versity, which was set for the city
school last Friday night, was called
ofi and will be played at a later
date.
With the second California match
scheduled for Friday night at
Berkeley, the Stanford Chess Club
met last night to make special
preparations for this event. The en
counter with San Francisco Uni
versity, which was set for the city
school last Friday night, was called
ofi and will be played at a later
date.
With the second California match
scheduled for Friday night at
Berkeley, the Stanford Chess Club
met last night to make special
preparations for this event. The en
counter with San Francisco Uni
versity, which was set for the city
school last Friday night, was called
ofi and will be played at a later
date.
With the second California match
scheduled for Friday night at
Berkeley, the Stanford Chess Club
met last night to make special
preparations for this event. The en
counter with San Francisco Uni
versity, which was set for the city
school last Friday night, was called
ofi and will be played at a later
date.
With the second California match
scheduled for Friday night at
Berkeley, the Stanford Chess Club
met last night to make special
preparations for this event. The en
counter with San Francisco Uni
versity, which was set for the city
school last Friday night, was called
ofi and will be played at a later
date.
With the second California match
scheduled for Friday night at
Berkeley, the Stanford Chess Club
met last night to make special
preparations for this event. The en
counter with San Francisco Uni
versity, which was set for the city
school last Friday night, was called
ofi and will be played at a later
date.
With the second California match
scheduled for Friday night at
Berkeley, the Stanford Chess Club
met last night to make special
preparations for this event. The en
counter with San Francisco Uni
versity, which was set for the city
school last Friday night, was called
ofi and will be played at a later
date.
With the second California match
scheduled for Friday night at
Berkeley, the Stanford Chess Club
met last night to make special
preparations for this event. The en
counter with San Francisco Uni
versity, which was set for the city
school last Friday night, was called
ofi and will be played at a later
date.
With the second California match
scheduled for Friday night at
Berkeley, the Stanford Chess Club
met last night to make special
preparations for this event. The en
counter with San Francisco Uni
versity, which was set for the city
school last Friday night, was called
ofi and will be played at a later
date.
With the second California match
scheduled for Friday night at
Berkeley, the Stanford Chess Club
met last night to make special
preparations for this event. The en
counter with San Francisco Uni
versity, which was set for the city
school last Friday night, was called
ofi and will be played at a later
date.
With the second California match
scheduled for Friday night at
Berkeley, the Stanford Chess Club
met last night to make special
preparations for this event. The en
counter with San Francisco Uni
versity, which was set for the city
school last Friday night, was called
ofi and will be played at a later
date.
With the second California match
scheduled for Friday night at
Berkeley, the Stanford Chess Club
met last night to make special
preparations for this event. The en
counter with San Francisco Uni
versity, which was set for the city
school last Friday night, was called
ofi and will be played at a later
date.
With the second California match
scheduled for Friday night at
Berkeley, the Stanford Chess Club
met last night to make special
preparations for this event. The en
counter with San Francisco Uni
versity, which was set for the city
school last Friday night, was called
ofi and will be played at a later
date.
With the second California match
scheduled for Friday night at
Berkeley, the Stanford Chess Club
met last night to make special
preparations for this event. The en
counter with San Francisco Uni
versity, which was set for the city
school last Friday night, was called
ofi and will be played at a later
date.
