# First League Game.
## 
### 
The Vareity nine will play the
first game of the Saturday League
series with Siihta' Clara on the
campus Wednesday. The Stanford
team and positions will be as fol
lows: Jeffs, c; Beckett, p; Young,
lb; C. Strolm, 2b; Sharp or
Clemans, 3b; Lougheed,ss; Thomp
son, rf; Freeman, cf; Wight, If.
The Vareity nine will play the
first game of the Saturday League
series with Siihta' Clara on the
campus Wednesday. The Stanford
team and positions will be as fol
lows: Jeffs, c; Beckett, p; Young,
lb; C. Strolm, 2b; Sharp or
Clemans, 3b; Lougheed,ss; Thomp
son, rf; Freeman, cf; Wight, If.
The Vareity nine will play the
first game of the Saturday League
series with Siihta' Clara on the
campus Wednesday. The Stanford
team and positions will be as fol
lows: Jeffs, c; Beckett, p; Young,
lb; C. Strolm, 2b; Sharp or
Clemans, 3b; Lougheed,ss; Thomp
son, rf; Freeman, cf; Wight, If.
The Vareity nine will play the
first game of the Saturday League
series with Siihta' Clara on the
campus Wednesday. The Stanford
team and positions will be as fol
lows: Jeffs, c; Beckett, p; Young,
lb; C. Strolm, 2b; Sharp or
Clemans, 3b; Lougheed,ss; Thomp
son, rf; Freeman, cf; Wight, If.
The Vareity nine will play the
first game of the Saturday League
series with Siihta' Clara on the
campus Wednesday. The Stanford
team and positions will be as fol
lows: Jeffs, c; Beckett, p; Young,
lb; C. Strolm, 2b; Sharp or
Clemans, 3b; Lougheed,ss; Thomp
son, rf; Freeman, cf; Wight, If.
