# Schedue.
## 
### 
Monday.
! Mandolin Club meets at 7 p.m. in
room '23 quad.
Tuesday.
G'uitfiV players and Mandolin Club
p- riY#t, room 23 quad, 7 p'ln.' '
Regular Tuesday evening lecture,
I'rof. Anderson.
Wednesday.
' Curtis Moot Court meets in room
24 at 1:30 p.m.
Euphronia meets at 1:30 p.m. in
room 11.
Monday.
! Mandolin Club meets at 7 p.m. in
room '23 quad.
Tuesday.
G'uitfiV players and Mandolin Club
p- riY#t, room 23 quad, 7 p'ln.' '
Regular Tuesday evening lecture,
I'rof. Anderson.
Wednesday.
' Curtis Moot Court meets in room
24 at 1:30 p.m.
Euphronia meets at 1:30 p.m. in
room 11.
Monday.
! Mandolin Club meets at 7 p.m. in
room '23 quad.
Tuesday.
G'uitfiV players and Mandolin Club
p- riY#t, room 23 quad, 7 p'ln.' '
Regular Tuesday evening lecture,
I'rof. Anderson.
Wednesday.
' Curtis Moot Court meets in room
24 at 1:30 p.m.
Euphronia meets at 1:30 p.m. in
room 11.
Monday.
! Mandolin Club meets at 7 p.m. in
room '23 quad.
Tuesday.
G'uitfiV players and Mandolin Club
p- riY#t, room 23 quad, 7 p'ln.' '
Regular Tuesday evening lecture,
I'rof. Anderson.
Wednesday.
' Curtis Moot Court meets in room
24 at 1:30 p.m.
Euphronia meets at 1:30 p.m. in
room 11.
Monday.
! Mandolin Club meets at 7 p.m. in
room '23 quad.
Tuesday.
G'uitfiV players and Mandolin Club
p- riY#t, room 23 quad, 7 p'ln.' '
Regular Tuesday evening lecture,
I'rof. Anderson.
Wednesday.
' Curtis Moot Court meets in room
24 at 1:30 p.m.
Euphronia meets at 1:30 p.m. in
room 11.
