# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—The University Inn closed this
evening. It will re-open at noon,
January sth.
—During the holidays loam and
grass will be placed in Memorial
court.
—The University Inn closed this
evening. It will re-open at noon,
January sth.
—During the holidays loam and
grass will be placed in Memorial
court.
—The University Inn closed this
evening. It will re-open at noon,
January sth.
—During the holidays loam and
grass will be placed in Memorial
court.
—The University Inn closed this
evening. It will re-open at noon,
January sth.
—During the holidays loam and
grass will be placed in Memorial
court.
—The University Inn closed this
evening. It will re-open at noon,
January sth.
—During the holidays loam and
grass will be placed in Memorial
court.
—The University Inn closed this
evening. It will re-open at noon,
January sth.
—During the holidays loam and
grass will be placed in Memorial
court.
—The University Inn closed this
evening. It will re-open at noon,
January sth.
—During the holidays loam and
grass will be placed in Memorial
court.
—The University Inn closed this
evening. It will re-open at noon,
January sth.
—During the holidays loam and
grass will be placed in Memorial
court.
