# Admitted to Alumnae Tea-Room.
## 
### 
Mrs. F. B. Dorsey, '98, was in
formed today that the Association
of Collegiate Alumnae~had decided
to open the tea-room recently "es
tablished in San Francisco to all
undergraduate women students of
Stanford and the University of
California.
The petitions to this effect which
have been in circulation among the
Senior and Junior girls received in
all eighty-eight a good
per cent of the total number of
women in these two classes. These
petitions have been forwarded to
Mrs. Dorsey. The news of this
decision comes at an opportune
moment. It is expected that dur
ing vacation many students visit
ing the city will avail themselves
of the tea-room, which is located
on the sixth floor of the Adams
building, corner of Sutter and
Kearny streets, San Francisco.
Mrs. F. B. Dorsey, '98, was in
formed today that the Association
of Collegiate Alumnae~had decided
to open the tea-room recently "es
tablished in San Francisco to all
undergraduate women students of
Stanford and the University of
California.
The petitions to this effect which
have been in circulation among the
Senior and Junior girls received in
all eighty-eight a good
per cent of the total number of
women in these two classes. These
petitions have been forwarded to
Mrs. Dorsey. The news of this
decision comes at an opportune
moment. It is expected that dur
ing vacation many students visit
ing the city will avail themselves
of the tea-room, which is located
on the sixth floor of the Adams
building, corner of Sutter and
Kearny streets, San Francisco.
Mrs. F. B. Dorsey, '98, was in
formed today that the Association
of Collegiate Alumnae~had decided
to open the tea-room recently "es
tablished in San Francisco to all
undergraduate women students of
Stanford and the University of
California.
The petitions to this effect which
have been in circulation among the
Senior and Junior girls received in
all eighty-eight a good
per cent of the total number of
women in these two classes. These
petitions have been forwarded to
Mrs. Dorsey. The news of this
decision comes at an opportune
moment. It is expected that dur
ing vacation many students visit
ing the city will avail themselves
of the tea-room, which is located
on the sixth floor of the Adams
building, corner of Sutter and
Kearny streets, San Francisco.
Mrs. F. B. Dorsey, '98, was in
formed today that the Association
of Collegiate Alumnae~had decided
to open the tea-room recently "es
tablished in San Francisco to all
undergraduate women students of
Stanford and the University of
California.
The petitions to this effect which
have been in circulation among the
Senior and Junior girls received in
all eighty-eight a good
per cent of the total number of
women in these two classes. These
petitions have been forwarded to
Mrs. Dorsey. The news of this
decision comes at an opportune
moment. It is expected that dur
ing vacation many students visit
ing the city will avail themselves
of the tea-room, which is located
on the sixth floor of the Adams
building, corner of Sutter and
Kearny streets, San Francisco.
Mrs. F. B. Dorsey, '98, was in
formed today that the Association
of Collegiate Alumnae~had decided
to open the tea-room recently "es
tablished in San Francisco to all
undergraduate women students of
Stanford and the University of
California.
The petitions to this effect which
have been in circulation among the
Senior and Junior girls received in
all eighty-eight a good
per cent of the total number of
women in these two classes. These
petitions have been forwarded to
Mrs. Dorsey. The news of this
decision comes at an opportune
moment. It is expected that dur
ing vacation many students visit
ing the city will avail themselves
of the tea-room, which is located
on the sixth floor of the Adams
building, corner of Sutter and
Kearny streets, San Francisco.
Mrs. F. B. Dorsey, '98, was in
formed today that the Association
of Collegiate Alumnae~had decided
to open the tea-room recently "es
tablished in San Francisco to all
undergraduate women students of
Stanford and the University of
California.
The petitions to this effect which
have been in circulation among the
Senior and Junior girls received in
all eighty-eight a good
per cent of the total number of
women in these two classes. These
petitions have been forwarded to
Mrs. Dorsey. The news of this
decision comes at an opportune
moment. It is expected that dur
ing vacation many students visit
ing the city will avail themselves
of the tea-room, which is located
on the sixth floor of the Adams
building, corner of Sutter and
Kearny streets, San Francisco.
Mrs. F. B. Dorsey, '98, was in
formed today that the Association
of Collegiate Alumnae~had decided
to open the tea-room recently "es
tablished in San Francisco to all
undergraduate women students of
Stanford and the University of
California.
The petitions to this effect which
have been in circulation among the
Senior and Junior girls received in
all eighty-eight a good
per cent of the total number of
women in these two classes. These
petitions have been forwarded to
Mrs. Dorsey. The news of this
decision comes at an opportune
moment. It is expected that dur
ing vacation many students visit
ing the city will avail themselves
of the tea-room, which is located
on the sixth floor of the Adams
building, corner of Sutter and
Kearny streets, San Francisco.
Mrs. F. B. Dorsey, '98, was in
formed today that the Association
of Collegiate Alumnae~had decided
to open the tea-room recently "es
tablished in San Francisco to all
undergraduate women students of
Stanford and the University of
California.
The petitions to this effect which
have been in circulation among the
Senior and Junior girls received in
all eighty-eight a good
per cent of the total number of
women in these two classes. These
petitions have been forwarded to
Mrs. Dorsey. The news of this
decision comes at an opportune
moment. It is expected that dur
ing vacation many students visit
ing the city will avail themselves
of the tea-room, which is located
on the sixth floor of the Adams
building, corner of Sutter and
Kearny streets, San Francisco.
