# Review
## Romantic Opera 
### GARY SCHMIDGALL 
On Friday night the San Fran
cisco Opera almost revived Don
zetti's melodious romantic op
era, Lucia di Lamniernioor.
Lucia is the hardiest survivor
of countless attempts by Italian
operatic composers of the early
19th century to put the novels
of Sir Walter Scott to music.
Donizetti's version has survived
on the strength of its consistent
ly beautiful and expressive mel
odies, and upon the vocal pyro
technics it requires.
Donizetti's music is full of ro
mantic conceits, and so is the
plot — star-crossed lovers, a
bride gone mad, and suicide.
Lueia is a precarious opera to
stage. Put more candidly, Lucia
is a warhorse. She needs every
possible scrap of taste and re
sourcefulness if she is to suc
ceed. The current production is
indigent in both respects, and
only the heroic efforts of Mar
gherita Rinaldi and Luciano Pa
varotti saved the performance
from calamity.
Miss Rinaldi's debut in San
Francisco was auspicious. Her
soprano is soft and round, intel
ligently produced, and more than
equal to the coloratura of Lu
cia's "Mad Scene." A slight ten
tativeness in her cadenzas will
surely disappear in the remain
ing performances. As for her
overly ornamental posturing I
have less hope. Miss Rinaldi's
high E-flats were no less
squeaky or piercing than mem
ory recalls (leaving me to pon
der whether God intended for
ladies to sing such high notes),
but her "Mad Scene" was wildly
and justly applauded.
The hero of the evening, both
in plot and performance, was Mr.
Pavarotti as Lucia's lover, Ed
gardo. His stentorian tenor
matches his very considerable
physique. His voice has a hard,
intense quality more suitable,
perhaps, for an Othello or Rha
dames, yet Pavarotti infused it

with great emotion and dramatic
presence.
Victor Braun cut a virile, crag
gy Lord Ashton; his fine bari
tone — especially in its high
register — is on the small side,
and it suffered from the constant
rage demanded by the role. Clif
ford Grant's magisterial basso
splendidly intoned his churchly
and moralizing sentiments as the
chaplain to Lord Ashton. One
almost wishes his one aria, plot
stopper though it is, had not
been cut for this production.
The musical success of th?
evening was insured by the
clean, precise baton of conductor
Giuseppe Patane. He amiably,
and wisely, left the singers lee
way to develop the fine-grained
spontaneity so important to a
bel canto opera.
The villains of this production
are the designer and the direc

tor. The set might well be en
titled "Theme and Variations on
a Slab of Swiss Cheese." And a
stylized Swiss cheese at that! I
hesitate to mention the tree sus
pended in mid-air in the first
scene lest I show that I missed
the point entirely. The drabness
of the production, annoying
enough whenever encountered,
especially sapped the strength of
Lucia's ornate, luxurious roman
ticism.
Dino Yannopoulos' stage direc
tion appeared bent upon pre
serving Lucia's reputation as a
warhorse. The few interesting
touches were self-conscious, and
the management of the dense
ly populated scenes was in
the worst tradition of crowd
choreography.
Lucia will be performed again
November 6 and 9.
