# Soccer Team Wins
## 
### 
Stanforfl's soc-cer team
bounced back from an 11-0
whitewash at the hands of San
Jose State Friday to maul UC
Santa Cruz by the same 11-0 tal
ly Saturday afternoon.
Chip Jessup led the Tribe scor
ing parade with three goals,
while Mark Smith and Carlos
Quintana abetted the Indian
cause with a goal each and some
excellent passing.
Coach Fred Priddle called the
Stanford performance "easily
the finest performance of the
season."
Stanforfl's soc-cer team
bounced back from an 11-0
whitewash at the hands of San
Jose State Friday to maul UC
Santa Cruz by the same 11-0 tal
ly Saturday afternoon.
Chip Jessup led the Tribe scor
ing parade with three goals,
while Mark Smith and Carlos
Quintana abetted the Indian
cause with a goal each and some
excellent passing.
Coach Fred Priddle called the
Stanford performance "easily
the finest performance of the
season."
Stanforfl's soc-cer team
bounced back from an 11-0
whitewash at the hands of San
Jose State Friday to maul UC
Santa Cruz by the same 11-0 tal
ly Saturday afternoon.
Chip Jessup led the Tribe scor
ing parade with three goals,
while Mark Smith and Carlos
Quintana abetted the Indian
cause with a goal each and some
excellent passing.
Coach Fred Priddle called the
Stanford performance "easily
the finest performance of the
season."
Stanforfl's soc-cer team
bounced back from an 11-0
whitewash at the hands of San
Jose State Friday to maul UC
Santa Cruz by the same 11-0 tal
ly Saturday afternoon.
Chip Jessup led the Tribe scor
ing parade with three goals,
while Mark Smith and Carlos
Quintana abetted the Indian
cause with a goal each and some
excellent passing.
Coach Fred Priddle called the
Stanford performance "easily
the finest performance of the
season."
Stanforfl's soc-cer team
bounced back from an 11-0
whitewash at the hands of San
Jose State Friday to maul UC
Santa Cruz by the same 11-0 tal
ly Saturday afternoon.
Chip Jessup led the Tribe scor
ing parade with three goals,
while Mark Smith and Carlos
Quintana abetted the Indian
cause with a goal each and some
excellent passing.
Coach Fred Priddle called the
Stanford performance "easily
the finest performance of the
season."
Stanforfl's soc-cer team
bounced back from an 11-0
whitewash at the hands of San
Jose State Friday to maul UC
Santa Cruz by the same 11-0 tal
ly Saturday afternoon.
Chip Jessup led the Tribe scor
ing parade with three goals,
while Mark Smith and Carlos
Quintana abetted the Indian
cause with a goal each and some
excellent passing.
Coach Fred Priddle called the
Stanford performance "easily
the finest performance of the
season."
Stanforfl's soc-cer team
bounced back from an 11-0
whitewash at the hands of San
Jose State Friday to maul UC
Santa Cruz by the same 11-0 tal
ly Saturday afternoon.
Chip Jessup led the Tribe scor
ing parade with three goals,
while Mark Smith and Carlos
Quintana abetted the Indian
cause with a goal each and some
excellent passing.
Coach Fred Priddle called the
Stanford performance "easily
the finest performance of the
season."
Stanforfl's soc-cer team
bounced back from an 11-0
whitewash at the hands of San
Jose State Friday to maul UC
Santa Cruz by the same 11-0 tal
ly Saturday afternoon.
Chip Jessup led the Tribe scor
ing parade with three goals,
while Mark Smith and Carlos
Quintana abetted the Indian
cause with a goal each and some
excellent passing.
Coach Fred Priddle called the
Stanford performance "easily
the finest performance of the
season."
Stanforfl's soc-cer team
bounced back from an 11-0
whitewash at the hands of San
Jose State Friday to maul UC
Santa Cruz by the same 11-0 tal
ly Saturday afternoon.
Chip Jessup led the Tribe scor
ing parade with three goals,
while Mark Smith and Carlos
Quintana abetted the Indian
cause with a goal each and some
excellent passing.
Coach Fred Priddle called the
Stanford performance "easily
the finest performance of the
season."
Stanforfl's soc-cer team
bounced back from an 11-0
whitewash at the hands of San
Jose State Friday to maul UC
Santa Cruz by the same 11-0 tal
ly Saturday afternoon.
Chip Jessup led the Tribe scor
ing parade with three goals,
while Mark Smith and Carlos
Quintana abetted the Indian
cause with a goal each and some
excellent passing.
Coach Fred Priddle called the
Stanford performance "easily
the finest performance of the
season."
Stanforfl's soc-cer team
bounced back from an 11-0
whitewash at the hands of San
Jose State Friday to maul UC
Santa Cruz by the same 11-0 tal
ly Saturday afternoon.
Chip Jessup led the Tribe scor
ing parade with three goals,
while Mark Smith and Carlos
Quintana abetted the Indian
cause with a goal each and some
excellent passing.
Coach Fred Priddle called the
Stanford performance "easily
the finest performance of the
season."
Stanforfl's soc-cer team
bounced back from an 11-0
whitewash at the hands of San
Jose State Friday to maul UC
Santa Cruz by the same 11-0 tal
ly Saturday afternoon.
Chip Jessup led the Tribe scor
ing parade with three goals,
while Mark Smith and Carlos
Quintana abetted the Indian
cause with a goal each and some
excellent passing.
Coach Fred Priddle called the
Stanford performance "easily
the finest performance of the
season."
Stanforfl's soc-cer team
bounced back from an 11-0
whitewash at the hands of San
Jose State Friday to maul UC
Santa Cruz by the same 11-0 tal
ly Saturday afternoon.
Chip Jessup led the Tribe scor
ing parade with three goals,
while Mark Smith and Carlos
Quintana abetted the Indian
cause with a goal each and some
excellent passing.
Coach Fred Priddle called the
Stanford performance "easily
the finest performance of the
season."
Stanforfl's soc-cer team
bounced back from an 11-0
whitewash at the hands of San
Jose State Friday to maul UC
Santa Cruz by the same 11-0 tal
ly Saturday afternoon.
Chip Jessup led the Tribe scor
ing parade with three goals,
while Mark Smith and Carlos
Quintana abetted the Indian
cause with a goal each and some
excellent passing.
Coach Fred Priddle called the
Stanford performance "easily
the finest performance of the
season."
Stanforfl's soc-cer team
bounced back from an 11-0
whitewash at the hands of San
Jose State Friday to maul UC
Santa Cruz by the same 11-0 tal
ly Saturday afternoon.
Chip Jessup led the Tribe scor
ing parade with three goals,
while Mark Smith and Carlos
Quintana abetted the Indian
cause with a goal each and some
excellent passing.
Coach Fred Priddle called the
Stanford performance "easily
the finest performance of the
season."
