# Junior Opera Date Changedâ€”Committee Is Still Undecided
## 
### 
TJnive.'sity ruling has made it im
possible for the Junior Opera Com
mittee to announce the date of the
opera for Thursday, May 8, as has
been traditional in the past. A com
mittee meeting is being held this
evening to determine on a definite
date. It may be necessary to change
the date of the Junior Prom, as it
would be financial risk to attempt to
put the opera on Saturday.
The name of the 1920 show has
been decided upon, and will be an
nounced in tomorrow's issue of the
Daily Palo Alto. The progress of the
rehearsals shows that those in charge
know their business and will probably
produce one of the best and most fin
ished Stanford Junior Operas on rec
ord.
