# SHOWS WIGET HIS WAKE
## 
### 

Clarence "Busier" Crabbe, Lus
Angeles Athletic Club swimming
star who recently broke his own
United States record for 15(H) me
ters in the A.A.U. championships.
Crabbe also won the 300-yard med
ley and beat Ted Wiget of Stanford
in the 500-yard free style hate.

Clarence "Busier" Crabbe, Lus
Angeles Athletic Club swimming
star who recently broke his own
United States record for 15(H) me
ters in the A.A.U. championships.
Crabbe also won the 300-yard med
ley and beat Ted Wiget of Stanford
in the 500-yard free style hate.

Clarence "Busier" Crabbe, Lus
Angeles Athletic Club swimming
star who recently broke his own
United States record for 15(H) me
ters in the A.A.U. championships.
Crabbe also won the 300-yard med
ley and beat Ted Wiget of Stanford
in the 500-yard free style hate.

Clarence "Busier" Crabbe, Lus
Angeles Athletic Club swimming
star who recently broke his own
United States record for 15(H) me
ters in the A.A.U. championships.
Crabbe also won the 300-yard med
ley and beat Ted Wiget of Stanford
in the 500-yard free style hate.

Clarence "Busier" Crabbe, Lus
Angeles Athletic Club swimming
star who recently broke his own
United States record for 15(H) me
ters in the A.A.U. championships.
Crabbe also won the 300-yard med
ley and beat Ted Wiget of Stanford
in the 500-yard free style hate.

Clarence "Busier" Crabbe, Lus
Angeles Athletic Club swimming
star who recently broke his own
United States record for 15(H) me
ters in the A.A.U. championships.
Crabbe also won the 300-yard med
ley and beat Ted Wiget of Stanford
in the 500-yard free style hate.

Clarence "Busier" Crabbe, Lus
Angeles Athletic Club swimming
star who recently broke his own
United States record for 15(H) me
ters in the A.A.U. championships.
Crabbe also won the 300-yard med
ley and beat Ted Wiget of Stanford
in the 500-yard free style hate.

Clarence "Busier" Crabbe, Lus
Angeles Athletic Club swimming
star who recently broke his own
United States record for 15(H) me
ters in the A.A.U. championships.
Crabbe also won the 300-yard med
ley and beat Ted Wiget of Stanford
in the 500-yard free style hate.

Clarence "Busier" Crabbe, Lus
Angeles Athletic Club swimming
star who recently broke his own
United States record for 15(H) me
ters in the A.A.U. championships.
Crabbe also won the 300-yard med
ley and beat Ted Wiget of Stanford
in the 500-yard free style hate.

Clarence "Busier" Crabbe, Lus
Angeles Athletic Club swimming
star who recently broke his own
United States record for 15(H) me
ters in the A.A.U. championships.
Crabbe also won the 300-yard med
ley and beat Ted Wiget of Stanford
in the 500-yard free style hate.

Clarence "Busier" Crabbe, Lus
Angeles Athletic Club swimming
star who recently broke his own
United States record for 15(H) me
ters in the A.A.U. championships.
Crabbe also won the 300-yard med
ley and beat Ted Wiget of Stanford
in the 500-yard free style hate.

Clarence "Busier" Crabbe, Lus
Angeles Athletic Club swimming
star who recently broke his own
United States record for 15(H) me
ters in the A.A.U. championships.
Crabbe also won the 300-yard med
ley and beat Ted Wiget of Stanford
in the 500-yard free style hate.

Clarence "Busier" Crabbe, Lus
Angeles Athletic Club swimming
star who recently broke his own
United States record for 15(H) me
ters in the A.A.U. championships.
Crabbe also won the 300-yard med
ley and beat Ted Wiget of Stanford
in the 500-yard free style hate.

Clarence "Busier" Crabbe, Lus
Angeles Athletic Club swimming
star who recently broke his own
United States record for 15(H) me
ters in the A.A.U. championships.
Crabbe also won the 300-yard med
ley and beat Ted Wiget of Stanford
in the 500-yard free style hate.
