# Women ready for individuals
## 
### Sid Spaeth 
Salt Lake City — The Na
tional Collegiate Athletic
Association awarded eight
Stanford players berths in
individual competition of
the first NCAA Women's
Tennis Championships start
ing here tomorrow at 8 a.m.
The entire six player sin
gles line-up and four
doubles teams from Stan
ford were invited.
Two time Association of
Intercollegiate Athletics for
Women tournament
runner-up, and three time
All-America Alycia Moulton
will head a singles line-up
from Stanford that also in
cludes the nation's No. 2
ranked amateur, Elise
Burgen, and freshmen Kate

Gompert, Linda Gates,
Michelle Weiss and Caryn
Copeland.
Molton and Copeland
will defend their national
championship in the

doubles. Joining them from
Stanford will be Sue
Rasmussen and Alison
Hardey, Weiss and Gom
pert, and Bergen and Gates.
Seedings for the 32 player

singles and 16 team doubles
draws will not be an
nounced until the team
competition is completed
today.
Favorites in the singles in
clude undefeated and No. 1
ranked amateur Vicki
Nelson of Rollins College,
Moulton, Bergen, Gompert,
Kelly Henry from USC,
Kathrin Keil of UCLA, Lou
ise Allen from Trinity and
Lori McNeil from Oklaho
ma State University.
The doubles will be head
lined by Moulton-
Copeland, Lynn Lewis and
Heather Ludloff of UCLA,
Allen and Felicia
Raschiatore from Trinity,
and Henry and Susan Pendo
from USC.


Sue Rasmussen


Alison Hardey
Salt Lake City — The Na
tional Collegiate Athletic
Association awarded eight
Stanford players berths in
individual competition of
the first NCAA Women's
Tennis Championships start
ing here tomorrow at 8 a.m.
The entire six player sin
gles line-up and four
doubles teams from Stan
ford were invited.
Two time Association of
Intercollegiate Athletics for
Women tournament
runner-up, and three time
All-America Alycia Moulton
will head a singles line-up
from Stanford that also in
cludes the nation's No. 2
ranked amateur, Elise
Burgen, and freshmen Kate

Gompert, Linda Gates,
Michelle Weiss and Caryn
Copeland.
Molton and Copeland
will defend their national
championship in the

doubles. Joining them from
Stanford will be Sue
Rasmussen and Alison
Hardey, Weiss and Gom
pert, and Bergen and Gates.
Seedings for the 32 player

singles and 16 team doubles
draws will not be an
nounced until the team
competition is completed
today.
Favorites in the singles in
clude undefeated and No. 1
ranked amateur Vicki
Nelson of Rollins College,
Moulton, Bergen, Gompert,
Kelly Henry from USC,
Kathrin Keil of UCLA, Lou
ise Allen from Trinity and
Lori McNeil from Oklaho
ma State University.
The doubles will be head
lined by Moulton-
Copeland, Lynn Lewis and
Heather Ludloff of UCLA,
Allen and Felicia
Raschiatore from Trinity,
and Henry and Susan Pendo
from USC.


Sue Rasmussen


Alison Hardey
Salt Lake City — The Na
tional Collegiate Athletic
Association awarded eight
Stanford players berths in
individual competition of
the first NCAA Women's
Tennis Championships start
ing here tomorrow at 8 a.m.
The entire six player sin
gles line-up and four
doubles teams from Stan
ford were invited.
Two time Association of
Intercollegiate Athletics for
Women tournament
runner-up, and three time
All-America Alycia Moulton
will head a singles line-up
from Stanford that also in
cludes the nation's No. 2
ranked amateur, Elise
Burgen, and freshmen Kate

Gompert, Linda Gates,
Michelle Weiss and Caryn
Copeland.
Molton and Copeland
will defend their national
championship in the

doubles. Joining them from
Stanford will be Sue
Rasmussen and Alison
Hardey, Weiss and Gom
pert, and Bergen and Gates.
Seedings for the 32 player

singles and 16 team doubles
draws will not be an
nounced until the team
competition is completed
today.
Favorites in the singles in
clude undefeated and No. 1
ranked amateur Vicki
Nelson of Rollins College,
Moulton, Bergen, Gompert,
Kelly Henry from USC,
Kathrin Keil of UCLA, Lou
ise Allen from Trinity and
Lori McNeil from Oklaho
ma State University.
The doubles will be head
lined by Moulton-
Copeland, Lynn Lewis and
Heather Ludloff of UCLA,
Allen and Felicia
Raschiatore from Trinity,
and Henry and Susan Pendo
from USC.


Sue Rasmussen


Alison Hardey
Salt Lake City — The Na
tional Collegiate Athletic
Association awarded eight
Stanford players berths in
individual competition of
the first NCAA Women's
Tennis Championships start
ing here tomorrow at 8 a.m.
The entire six player sin
gles line-up and four
doubles teams from Stan
ford were invited.
Two time Association of
Intercollegiate Athletics for
Women tournament
runner-up, and three time
All-America Alycia Moulton
will head a singles line-up
from Stanford that also in
cludes the nation's No. 2
ranked amateur, Elise
Burgen, and freshmen Kate

Gompert, Linda Gates,
Michelle Weiss and Caryn
Copeland.
Molton and Copeland
will defend their national
championship in the

doubles. Joining them from
Stanford will be Sue
Rasmussen and Alison
Hardey, Weiss and Gom
pert, and Bergen and Gates.
Seedings for the 32 player

singles and 16 team doubles
draws will not be an
nounced until the team
competition is completed
today.
Favorites in the singles in
clude undefeated and No. 1
ranked amateur Vicki
Nelson of Rollins College,
Moulton, Bergen, Gompert,
Kelly Henry from USC,
Kathrin Keil of UCLA, Lou
ise Allen from Trinity and
Lori McNeil from Oklaho
ma State University.
The doubles will be head
lined by Moulton-
Copeland, Lynn Lewis and
Heather Ludloff of UCLA,
Allen and Felicia
Raschiatore from Trinity,
and Henry and Susan Pendo
from USC.


Sue Rasmussen


Alison Hardey
Salt Lake City — The Na
tional Collegiate Athletic
Association awarded eight
Stanford players berths in
individual competition of
the first NCAA Women's
Tennis Championships start
ing here tomorrow at 8 a.m.
The entire six player sin
gles line-up and four
doubles teams from Stan
ford were invited.
Two time Association of
Intercollegiate Athletics for
Women tournament
runner-up, and three time
All-America Alycia Moulton
will head a singles line-up
from Stanford that also in
cludes the nation's No. 2
ranked amateur, Elise
Burgen, and freshmen Kate

Gompert, Linda Gates,
Michelle Weiss and Caryn
Copeland.
Molton and Copeland
will defend their national
championship in the

doubles. Joining them from
Stanford will be Sue
Rasmussen and Alison
Hardey, Weiss and Gom
pert, and Bergen and Gates.
Seedings for the 32 player

singles and 16 team doubles
draws will not be an
nounced until the team
competition is completed
today.
Favorites in the singles in
clude undefeated and No. 1
ranked amateur Vicki
Nelson of Rollins College,
Moulton, Bergen, Gompert,
Kelly Henry from USC,
Kathrin Keil of UCLA, Lou
ise Allen from Trinity and
Lori McNeil from Oklaho
ma State University.
The doubles will be head
lined by Moulton-
Copeland, Lynn Lewis and
Heather Ludloff of UCLA,
Allen and Felicia
Raschiatore from Trinity,
and Henry and Susan Pendo
from USC.


Sue Rasmussen


Alison Hardey
Salt Lake City — The Na
tional Collegiate Athletic
Association awarded eight
Stanford players berths in
individual competition of
the first NCAA Women's
Tennis Championships start
ing here tomorrow at 8 a.m.
The entire six player sin
gles line-up and four
doubles teams from Stan
ford were invited.
Two time Association of
Intercollegiate Athletics for
Women tournament
runner-up, and three time
All-America Alycia Moulton
will head a singles line-up
from Stanford that also in
cludes the nation's No. 2
ranked amateur, Elise
Burgen, and freshmen Kate

Gompert, Linda Gates,
Michelle Weiss and Caryn
Copeland.
Molton and Copeland
will defend their national
championship in the

doubles. Joining them from
Stanford will be Sue
Rasmussen and Alison
Hardey, Weiss and Gom
pert, and Bergen and Gates.
Seedings for the 32 player

singles and 16 team doubles
draws will not be an
nounced until the team
competition is completed
today.
Favorites in the singles in
clude undefeated and No. 1
ranked amateur Vicki
Nelson of Rollins College,
Moulton, Bergen, Gompert,
Kelly Henry from USC,
Kathrin Keil of UCLA, Lou
ise Allen from Trinity and
Lori McNeil from Oklaho
ma State University.
The doubles will be head
lined by Moulton-
Copeland, Lynn Lewis and
Heather Ludloff of UCLA,
Allen and Felicia
Raschiatore from Trinity,
and Henry and Susan Pendo
from USC.


Sue Rasmussen


Alison Hardey
Salt Lake City — The Na
tional Collegiate Athletic
Association awarded eight
Stanford players berths in
individual competition of
the first NCAA Women's
Tennis Championships start
ing here tomorrow at 8 a.m.
The entire six player sin
gles line-up and four
doubles teams from Stan
ford were invited.
Two time Association of
Intercollegiate Athletics for
Women tournament
runner-up, and three time
All-America Alycia Moulton
will head a singles line-up
from Stanford that also in
cludes the nation's No. 2
ranked amateur, Elise
Burgen, and freshmen Kate

Gompert, Linda Gates,
Michelle Weiss and Caryn
Copeland.
Molton and Copeland
will defend their national
championship in the

doubles. Joining them from
Stanford will be Sue
Rasmussen and Alison
Hardey, Weiss and Gom
pert, and Bergen and Gates.
Seedings for the 32 player

singles and 16 team doubles
draws will not be an
nounced until the team
competition is completed
today.
Favorites in the singles in
clude undefeated and No. 1
ranked amateur Vicki
Nelson of Rollins College,
Moulton, Bergen, Gompert,
Kelly Henry from USC,
Kathrin Keil of UCLA, Lou
ise Allen from Trinity and
Lori McNeil from Oklaho
ma State University.
The doubles will be head
lined by Moulton-
Copeland, Lynn Lewis and
Heather Ludloff of UCLA,
Allen and Felicia
Raschiatore from Trinity,
and Henry and Susan Pendo
from USC.


Sue Rasmussen


Alison Hardey
Salt Lake City — The Na
tional Collegiate Athletic
Association awarded eight
Stanford players berths in
individual competition of
the first NCAA Women's
Tennis Championships start
ing here tomorrow at 8 a.m.
The entire six player sin
gles line-up and four
doubles teams from Stan
ford were invited.
Two time Association of
Intercollegiate Athletics for
Women tournament
runner-up, and three time
All-America Alycia Moulton
will head a singles line-up
from Stanford that also in
cludes the nation's No. 2
ranked amateur, Elise
Burgen, and freshmen Kate

Gompert, Linda Gates,
Michelle Weiss and Caryn
Copeland.
Molton and Copeland
will defend their national
championship in the

doubles. Joining them from
Stanford will be Sue
Rasmussen and Alison
Hardey, Weiss and Gom
pert, and Bergen and Gates.
Seedings for the 32 player

singles and 16 team doubles
draws will not be an
nounced until the team
competition is completed
today.
Favorites in the singles in
clude undefeated and No. 1
ranked amateur Vicki
Nelson of Rollins College,
Moulton, Bergen, Gompert,
Kelly Henry from USC,
Kathrin Keil of UCLA, Lou
ise Allen from Trinity and
Lori McNeil from Oklaho
ma State University.
The doubles will be head
lined by Moulton-
Copeland, Lynn Lewis and
Heather Ludloff of UCLA,
Allen and Felicia
Raschiatore from Trinity,
and Henry and Susan Pendo
from USC.


Sue Rasmussen


Alison Hardey
