# Hoover May Be Unable To Attend Services
## 
### 
It is uncertain whether Herbert
Hoover will be able to attend the
memorial services for Dr. Ray Ly
man Wilbur, according to Hoover's
secretary, Mrs. Dare Stark Mc-
Mullin. Hoover, a classmate and
close friend of Dr. Wilbur, may be
detained in Washington by hear
ings on the reorganization plan for
1 the executive branch of the gov
ernment.
It is uncertain whether Herbert
Hoover will be able to attend the
memorial services for Dr. Ray Ly
man Wilbur, according to Hoover's
secretary, Mrs. Dare Stark Mc-
Mullin. Hoover, a classmate and
close friend of Dr. Wilbur, may be
detained in Washington by hear
ings on the reorganization plan for
1 the executive branch of the gov
ernment.
It is uncertain whether Herbert
Hoover will be able to attend the
memorial services for Dr. Ray Ly
man Wilbur, according to Hoover's
secretary, Mrs. Dare Stark Mc-
Mullin. Hoover, a classmate and
close friend of Dr. Wilbur, may be
detained in Washington by hear
ings on the reorganization plan for
1 the executive branch of the gov
ernment.
It is uncertain whether Herbert
Hoover will be able to attend the
memorial services for Dr. Ray Ly
man Wilbur, according to Hoover's
secretary, Mrs. Dare Stark Mc-
Mullin. Hoover, a classmate and
close friend of Dr. Wilbur, may be
detained in Washington by hear
ings on the reorganization plan for
1 the executive branch of the gov
ernment.
It is uncertain whether Herbert
Hoover will be able to attend the
memorial services for Dr. Ray Ly
man Wilbur, according to Hoover's
secretary, Mrs. Dare Stark Mc-
Mullin. Hoover, a classmate and
close friend of Dr. Wilbur, may be
detained in Washington by hear
ings on the reorganization plan for
1 the executive branch of the gov
ernment.
It is uncertain whether Herbert
Hoover will be able to attend the
memorial services for Dr. Ray Ly
man Wilbur, according to Hoover's
secretary, Mrs. Dare Stark Mc-
Mullin. Hoover, a classmate and
close friend of Dr. Wilbur, may be
detained in Washington by hear
ings on the reorganization plan for
1 the executive branch of the gov
ernment.
It is uncertain whether Herbert
Hoover will be able to attend the
memorial services for Dr. Ray Ly
man Wilbur, according to Hoover's
secretary, Mrs. Dare Stark Mc-
Mullin. Hoover, a classmate and
close friend of Dr. Wilbur, may be
detained in Washington by hear
ings on the reorganization plan for
1 the executive branch of the gov
ernment.
It is uncertain whether Herbert
Hoover will be able to attend the
memorial services for Dr. Ray Ly
man Wilbur, according to Hoover's
secretary, Mrs. Dare Stark Mc-
Mullin. Hoover, a classmate and
close friend of Dr. Wilbur, may be
detained in Washington by hear
ings on the reorganization plan for
1 the executive branch of the gov
ernment.
It is uncertain whether Herbert
Hoover will be able to attend the
memorial services for Dr. Ray Ly
man Wilbur, according to Hoover's
secretary, Mrs. Dare Stark Mc-
Mullin. Hoover, a classmate and
close friend of Dr. Wilbur, may be
detained in Washington by hear
ings on the reorganization plan for
1 the executive branch of the gov
ernment.
It is uncertain whether Herbert
Hoover will be able to attend the
memorial services for Dr. Ray Ly
man Wilbur, according to Hoover's
secretary, Mrs. Dare Stark Mc-
Mullin. Hoover, a classmate and
close friend of Dr. Wilbur, may be
detained in Washington by hear
ings on the reorganization plan for
1 the executive branch of the gov
ernment.
It is uncertain whether Herbert
Hoover will be able to attend the
memorial services for Dr. Ray Ly
man Wilbur, according to Hoover's
secretary, Mrs. Dare Stark Mc-
Mullin. Hoover, a classmate and
close friend of Dr. Wilbur, may be
detained in Washington by hear
ings on the reorganization plan for
1 the executive branch of the gov
ernment.
It is uncertain whether Herbert
Hoover will be able to attend the
memorial services for Dr. Ray Ly
man Wilbur, according to Hoover's
secretary, Mrs. Dare Stark Mc-
Mullin. Hoover, a classmate and
close friend of Dr. Wilbur, may be
detained in Washington by hear
ings on the reorganization plan for
1 the executive branch of the gov
ernment.
It is uncertain whether Herbert
Hoover will be able to attend the
memorial services for Dr. Ray Ly
man Wilbur, according to Hoover's
secretary, Mrs. Dare Stark Mc-
Mullin. Hoover, a classmate and
close friend of Dr. Wilbur, may be
detained in Washington by hear
ings on the reorganization plan for
1 the executive branch of the gov
ernment.
It is uncertain whether Herbert
Hoover will be able to attend the
memorial services for Dr. Ray Ly
man Wilbur, according to Hoover's
secretary, Mrs. Dare Stark Mc-
Mullin. Hoover, a classmate and
close friend of Dr. Wilbur, may be
detained in Washington by hear
ings on the reorganization plan for
1 the executive branch of the gov
ernment.
