# Senate Action May Enable Stanford To Own Village
## 
### 
Stanford Village may soon be
come a permanent part of the Uni
versity it Congress passes legisla
tion introduced by Senator Downey,
the Associated Press in Washington
indicated Friday.
The 1800 temporary housing
units, formerly making up Dibble
Hospital, have been leased since the
war by Stanford with the under
standing that they were to be oc
cupied by veterans.
Downey is seeking to amend a
provision in the House-passed in
dependent offices appropriation bill
permitting the transfer of Public
Housing Administration temporary
housing to states, cities, or other
public bodies.
The Senator has' asked his col
leagues in the Senate Appropria
tions * Committee to adopt an
amendment adding "non-profit ed
ucational institutions" to the bill.
