# Adv. 5 Page 3
## 
### 
Advertisement
IT'S COMING
The sensation of 1929. The lowest
priced six-cylinder car in the world; I
I more improved; more beautiful; more I
i gas mileage; more performance. See
it. Drive it.
THE NEW DURANT SIX
on display Friday
PALO ALTO GARAGE
440 Emerson Street
Advertisement
Advertisement
IT'S COMING
The sensation of 1929. The lowest
priced six-cylinder car in the world; I
I more improved; more beautiful; more I
i gas mileage; more performance. See
it. Drive it.
THE NEW DURANT SIX
on display Friday
PALO ALTO GARAGE
440 Emerson Street
Advertisement
Advertisement
IT'S COMING
The sensation of 1929. The lowest
priced six-cylinder car in the world; I
I more improved; more beautiful; more I
i gas mileage; more performance. See
it. Drive it.
THE NEW DURANT SIX
on display Friday
PALO ALTO GARAGE
440 Emerson Street
Advertisement
Advertisement
IT'S COMING
The sensation of 1929. The lowest
priced six-cylinder car in the world; I
I more improved; more beautiful; more I
i gas mileage; more performance. See
it. Drive it.
THE NEW DURANT SIX
on display Friday
PALO ALTO GARAGE
440 Emerson Street
Advertisement
Advertisement
IT'S COMING
The sensation of 1929. The lowest
priced six-cylinder car in the world; I
I more improved; more beautiful; more I
i gas mileage; more performance. See
it. Drive it.
THE NEW DURANT SIX
on display Friday
PALO ALTO GARAGE
440 Emerson Street
Advertisement
Advertisement
IT'S COMING
The sensation of 1929. The lowest
priced six-cylinder car in the world; I
I more improved; more beautiful; more I
i gas mileage; more performance. See
it. Drive it.
THE NEW DURANT SIX
on display Friday
PALO ALTO GARAGE
440 Emerson Street
Advertisement
Advertisement
IT'S COMING
The sensation of 1929. The lowest
priced six-cylinder car in the world; I
I more improved; more beautiful; more I
i gas mileage; more performance. See
it. Drive it.
THE NEW DURANT SIX
on display Friday
PALO ALTO GARAGE
440 Emerson Street
Advertisement
Advertisement
IT'S COMING
The sensation of 1929. The lowest
priced six-cylinder car in the world; I
I more improved; more beautiful; more I
i gas mileage; more performance. See
it. Drive it.
THE NEW DURANT SIX
on display Friday
PALO ALTO GARAGE
440 Emerson Street
Advertisement
Advertisement
IT'S COMING
The sensation of 1929. The lowest
priced six-cylinder car in the world; I
I more improved; more beautiful; more I
i gas mileage; more performance. See
it. Drive it.
THE NEW DURANT SIX
on display Friday
PALO ALTO GARAGE
440 Emerson Street
Advertisement
Advertisement
IT'S COMING
The sensation of 1929. The lowest
priced six-cylinder car in the world; I
I more improved; more beautiful; more I
i gas mileage; more performance. See
it. Drive it.
THE NEW DURANT SIX
on display Friday
PALO ALTO GARAGE
440 Emerson Street
Advertisement
Advertisement
IT'S COMING
The sensation of 1929. The lowest
priced six-cylinder car in the world; I
I more improved; more beautiful; more I
i gas mileage; more performance. See
it. Drive it.
THE NEW DURANT SIX
on display Friday
PALO ALTO GARAGE
440 Emerson Street
Advertisement
Advertisement
IT'S COMING
The sensation of 1929. The lowest
priced six-cylinder car in the world; I
I more improved; more beautiful; more I
i gas mileage; more performance. See
it. Drive it.
THE NEW DURANT SIX
on display Friday
PALO ALTO GARAGE
440 Emerson Street
Advertisement
Advertisement
IT'S COMING
The sensation of 1929. The lowest
priced six-cylinder car in the world; I
I more improved; more beautiful; more I
i gas mileage; more performance. See
it. Drive it.
THE NEW DURANT SIX
on display Friday
PALO ALTO GARAGE
440 Emerson Street
Advertisement
Advertisement
IT'S COMING
The sensation of 1929. The lowest
priced six-cylinder car in the world; I
I more improved; more beautiful; more I
i gas mileage; more performance. See
it. Drive it.
THE NEW DURANT SIX
on display Friday
PALO ALTO GARAGE
440 Emerson Street
Advertisement
Advertisement
IT'S COMING
The sensation of 1929. The lowest
priced six-cylinder car in the world; I
I more improved; more beautiful; more I
i gas mileage; more performance. See
it. Drive it.
THE NEW DURANT SIX
on display Friday
PALO ALTO GARAGE
440 Emerson Street
Advertisement
Advertisement
IT'S COMING
The sensation of 1929. The lowest
priced six-cylinder car in the world; I
I more improved; more beautiful; more I
i gas mileage; more performance. See
it. Drive it.
THE NEW DURANT SIX
on display Friday
PALO ALTO GARAGE
440 Emerson Street
Advertisement
Advertisement
IT'S COMING
The sensation of 1929. The lowest
priced six-cylinder car in the world; I
I more improved; more beautiful; more I
i gas mileage; more performance. See
it. Drive it.
THE NEW DURANT SIX
on display Friday
PALO ALTO GARAGE
440 Emerson Street
Advertisement
