# Adv. 7 Page 3
## 
### 
Now...
About our library . . .
We still persist in
believing
That we make money
By allowing you to
read all the new books
at a cost of 50c a
month or . . .
Properly speaking,
$1.50 for the quarter.
Try it once . . .
And see if your name
doesn't go on our lists
as a steady customer.
THE
ALCOVE
542 RAMONA ST.
Now...
About our library . . .
We still persist in
believing
That we make money
By allowing you to
read all the new books
at a cost of 50c a
month or . . .
Properly speaking,
$1.50 for the quarter.
Try it once . . .
And see if your name
doesn't go on our lists
as a steady customer.
THE
ALCOVE
542 RAMONA ST.
Now...
About our library . . .
We still persist in
believing
That we make money
By allowing you to
read all the new books
at a cost of 50c a
month or . . .
Properly speaking,
$1.50 for the quarter.
Try it once . . .
And see if your name
doesn't go on our lists
as a steady customer.
THE
ALCOVE
542 RAMONA ST.
Now...
About our library . . .
We still persist in
believing
That we make money
By allowing you to
read all the new books
at a cost of 50c a
month or . . .
Properly speaking,
$1.50 for the quarter.
Try it once . . .
And see if your name
doesn't go on our lists
as a steady customer.
THE
ALCOVE
542 RAMONA ST.
Now...
About our library . . .
We still persist in
believing
That we make money
By allowing you to
read all the new books
at a cost of 50c a
month or . . .
Properly speaking,
$1.50 for the quarter.
Try it once . . .
And see if your name
doesn't go on our lists
as a steady customer.
THE
ALCOVE
542 RAMONA ST.
Now...
About our library . . .
We still persist in
believing
That we make money
By allowing you to
read all the new books
at a cost of 50c a
month or . . .
Properly speaking,
$1.50 for the quarter.
Try it once . . .
And see if your name
doesn't go on our lists
as a steady customer.
THE
ALCOVE
542 RAMONA ST.
Now...
About our library . . .
We still persist in
believing
That we make money
By allowing you to
read all the new books
at a cost of 50c a
month or . . .
Properly speaking,
$1.50 for the quarter.
Try it once . . .
And see if your name
doesn't go on our lists
as a steady customer.
THE
ALCOVE
542 RAMONA ST.
Now...
About our library . . .
We still persist in
believing
That we make money
By allowing you to
read all the new books
at a cost of 50c a
month or . . .
Properly speaking,
$1.50 for the quarter.
Try it once . . .
And see if your name
doesn't go on our lists
as a steady customer.
THE
ALCOVE
542 RAMONA ST.
Now...
About our library . . .
We still persist in
believing
That we make money
By allowing you to
read all the new books
at a cost of 50c a
month or . . .
Properly speaking,
$1.50 for the quarter.
Try it once . . .
And see if your name
doesn't go on our lists
as a steady customer.
THE
ALCOVE
542 RAMONA ST.
Now...
About our library . . .
We still persist in
believing
That we make money
By allowing you to
read all the new books
at a cost of 50c a
month or . . .
Properly speaking,
$1.50 for the quarter.
Try it once . . .
And see if your name
doesn't go on our lists
as a steady customer.
THE
ALCOVE
542 RAMONA ST.
Now...
About our library . . .
We still persist in
believing
That we make money
By allowing you to
read all the new books
at a cost of 50c a
month or . . .
Properly speaking,
$1.50 for the quarter.
Try it once . . .
And see if your name
doesn't go on our lists
as a steady customer.
THE
ALCOVE
542 RAMONA ST.
Now...
About our library . . .
We still persist in
believing
That we make money
By allowing you to
read all the new books
at a cost of 50c a
month or . . .
Properly speaking,
$1.50 for the quarter.
Try it once . . .
And see if your name
doesn't go on our lists
as a steady customer.
THE
ALCOVE
542 RAMONA ST.
Now...
About our library . . .
We still persist in
believing
That we make money
By allowing you to
read all the new books
at a cost of 50c a
month or . . .
Properly speaking,
$1.50 for the quarter.
Try it once . . .
And see if your name
doesn't go on our lists
as a steady customer.
THE
ALCOVE
542 RAMONA ST.
Now...
About our library . . .
We still persist in
believing
That we make money
By allowing you to
read all the new books
at a cost of 50c a
month or . . .
Properly speaking,
$1.50 for the quarter.
Try it once . . .
And see if your name
doesn't go on our lists
as a steady customer.
THE
ALCOVE
542 RAMONA ST.
Now...
About our library . . .
We still persist in
believing
That we make money
By allowing you to
read all the new books
at a cost of 50c a
month or . . .
Properly speaking,
$1.50 for the quarter.
Try it once . . .
And see if your name
doesn't go on our lists
as a steady customer.
THE
ALCOVE
542 RAMONA ST.
Now...
About our library . . .
We still persist in
believing
That we make money
By allowing you to
read all the new books
at a cost of 50c a
month or . . .
Properly speaking,
$1.50 for the quarter.
Try it once . . .
And see if your name
doesn't go on our lists
as a steady customer.
THE
ALCOVE
542 RAMONA ST.
Now...
About our library . . .
We still persist in
believing
That we make money
By allowing you to
read all the new books
at a cost of 50c a
month or . . .
Properly speaking,
$1.50 for the quarter.
Try it once . . .
And see if your name
doesn't go on our lists
as a steady customer.
THE
ALCOVE
542 RAMONA ST.
