# Schedule.
## 
### 
Wednesday.
Executive Committee meets, room
11 quad, 7 p.m.
Rev. Munhall addresses the Christ
ian Associations, chapel, 7:80
p.m.
Thursd ay.
Commander Booth-Tucker will ail
dress the students, chapel, 2:30
p.m.
Wednesday.
Executive Committee meets, room
11 quad, 7 p.m.
Rev. Munhall addresses the Christ
ian Associations, chapel, 7:80
p.m.
Thursd ay.
Commander Booth-Tucker will ail
dress the students, chapel, 2:30
p.m.
Wednesday.
Executive Committee meets, room
11 quad, 7 p.m.
Rev. Munhall addresses the Christ
ian Associations, chapel, 7:80
p.m.
Thursd ay.
Commander Booth-Tucker will ail
dress the students, chapel, 2:30
p.m.
Wednesday.
Executive Committee meets, room
11 quad, 7 p.m.
Rev. Munhall addresses the Christ
ian Associations, chapel, 7:80
p.m.
Thursd ay.
Commander Booth-Tucker will ail
dress the students, chapel, 2:30
p.m.
Wednesday.
Executive Committee meets, room
11 quad, 7 p.m.
Rev. Munhall addresses the Christ
ian Associations, chapel, 7:80
p.m.
Thursd ay.
Commander Booth-Tucker will ail
dress the students, chapel, 2:30
p.m.
