# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The varsity baseball captain for the
season of 1910 will be elected next
Sunday morning at which time the
present team will meet for a picture.
The varsity baseball captain for the
season of 1910 will be elected next
Sunday morning at which time the
present team will meet for a picture.
The varsity baseball captain for the
season of 1910 will be elected next
Sunday morning at which time the
present team will meet for a picture.
The varsity baseball captain for the
season of 1910 will be elected next
Sunday morning at which time the
present team will meet for a picture.
The varsity baseball captain for the
season of 1910 will be elected next
Sunday morning at which time the
present team will meet for a picture.
The varsity baseball captain for the
season of 1910 will be elected next
Sunday morning at which time the
present team will meet for a picture.
The varsity baseball captain for the
season of 1910 will be elected next
Sunday morning at which time the
present team will meet for a picture.
The varsity baseball captain for the
season of 1910 will be elected next
Sunday morning at which time the
present team will meet for a picture.
The varsity baseball captain for the
season of 1910 will be elected next
Sunday morning at which time the
present team will meet for a picture.
The varsity baseball captain for the
season of 1910 will be elected next
Sunday morning at which time the
present team will meet for a picture.
