# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Qualify hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
'
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Qualify hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
'
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Qualify hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
'
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Qualify hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
'
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Qualify hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
'
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Qualify hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
'
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Qualify hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
'
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Qualify hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
'
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Qualify hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
'
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Qualify hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
'
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Qualify hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
'
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Qualify hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
'
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Qualify hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
'
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Qualify hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
'
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Qualify hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
'
