# This Morning's Headlines
## Predicts Peace Talks Resumption 
### 
TOKYO, Monday, Oct. 11 (UP) â€” I
Fuil dress Korean peace negotia
tions should resume "within 48 j
hours," predicts Col. Andrew J. j
Kinney, chief of the UN liaison 1
team, who emerged from today's
meeting with the Communist proto
col team and said, "We have no fur
ther differences."
Kinney's statement was made af- j
ter Allied and Red liaison officers
met in Panmunjom to sign what the
world hoped would be an "incident j
proof" agreement for reopening the
stalled Korean armisticfe conference, j
A Communist concession on the j
right of United Nations planes to i
fly over their truce team base at
Kaesong erased the last obstacle j
an-i cleared the way for there- 1
sumption of the peace talks.
