# '49ERS LOSE TO BEARS
## 
### 
The San Francisco Forty-Niners j
lost to the Chicago Bears 13 to 7
yesterday.
The San Francisco Forty-Niners j
lost to the Chicago Bears 13 to 7
yesterday.
The San Francisco Forty-Niners j
lost to the Chicago Bears 13 to 7
yesterday.
The San Francisco Forty-Niners j
lost to the Chicago Bears 13 to 7
yesterday.
The San Francisco Forty-Niners j
lost to the Chicago Bears 13 to 7
yesterday.
The San Francisco Forty-Niners j
lost to the Chicago Bears 13 to 7
yesterday.
The San Francisco Forty-Niners j
lost to the Chicago Bears 13 to 7
yesterday.
The San Francisco Forty-Niners j
lost to the Chicago Bears 13 to 7
yesterday.
The San Francisco Forty-Niners j
lost to the Chicago Bears 13 to 7
yesterday.
The San Francisco Forty-Niners j
lost to the Chicago Bears 13 to 7
yesterday.
The San Francisco Forty-Niners j
lost to the Chicago Bears 13 to 7
yesterday.
The San Francisco Forty-Niners j
lost to the Chicago Bears 13 to 7
yesterday.
The San Francisco Forty-Niners j
lost to the Chicago Bears 13 to 7
yesterday.
The San Francisco Forty-Niners j
lost to the Chicago Bears 13 to 7
yesterday.
The San Francisco Forty-Niners j
lost to the Chicago Bears 13 to 7
yesterday.
