# Petitions Available
## 
### 
Nomination petitions are
now available in the ASSU
office for the November 14
student body election. The
contested offices include two
seats on Men's ami Women’s
Councils, bead yell leader,
and pom-pom girl.
Petitions are also available
for the following representa
tive positions in I.ASSU: two
from Wilbur Hall, one each
from Brainier and Koble, and
one graduate student each in
Humanities and Sciences,
engineering, and Mineral Sci
ences. Candidates for fresh
man class president and vice
president must also obtain
petitions.
Petitions must be signed
by 15 eligible voters and sub
mit ted to the ASSU office by
next Tuesday.
Nomination petitions are
now available in the ASSU
office for the November 14
student body election. The
contested offices include two
seats on Men's ami Women’s
Councils, bead yell leader,
and pom-pom girl.
Petitions are also available
for the following representa
tive positions in I.ASSU: two
from Wilbur Hall, one each
from Brainier and Koble, and
one graduate student each in
Humanities and Sciences,
engineering, and Mineral Sci
ences. Candidates for fresh
man class president and vice
president must also obtain
petitions.
Petitions must be signed
by 15 eligible voters and sub
mit ted to the ASSU office by
next Tuesday.
Nomination petitions are
now available in the ASSU
office for the November 14
student body election. The
contested offices include two
seats on Men's ami Women’s
Councils, bead yell leader,
and pom-pom girl.
Petitions are also available
for the following representa
tive positions in I.ASSU: two
from Wilbur Hall, one each
from Brainier and Koble, and
one graduate student each in
Humanities and Sciences,
engineering, and Mineral Sci
ences. Candidates for fresh
man class president and vice
president must also obtain
petitions.
Petitions must be signed
by 15 eligible voters and sub
mit ted to the ASSU office by
next Tuesday.
Nomination petitions are
now available in the ASSU
office for the November 14
student body election. The
contested offices include two
seats on Men's ami Women’s
Councils, bead yell leader,
and pom-pom girl.
Petitions are also available
for the following representa
tive positions in I.ASSU: two
from Wilbur Hall, one each
from Brainier and Koble, and
one graduate student each in
Humanities and Sciences,
engineering, and Mineral Sci
ences. Candidates for fresh
man class president and vice
president must also obtain
petitions.
Petitions must be signed
by 15 eligible voters and sub
mit ted to the ASSU office by
next Tuesday.
Nomination petitions are
now available in the ASSU
office for the November 14
student body election. The
contested offices include two
seats on Men's ami Women’s
Councils, bead yell leader,
and pom-pom girl.
Petitions are also available
for the following representa
tive positions in I.ASSU: two
from Wilbur Hall, one each
from Brainier and Koble, and
one graduate student each in
Humanities and Sciences,
engineering, and Mineral Sci
ences. Candidates for fresh
man class president and vice
president must also obtain
petitions.
Petitions must be signed
by 15 eligible voters and sub
mit ted to the ASSU office by
next Tuesday.
Nomination petitions are
now available in the ASSU
office for the November 14
student body election. The
contested offices include two
seats on Men's ami Women’s
Councils, bead yell leader,
and pom-pom girl.
Petitions are also available
for the following representa
tive positions in I.ASSU: two
from Wilbur Hall, one each
from Brainier and Koble, and
one graduate student each in
Humanities and Sciences,
engineering, and Mineral Sci
ences. Candidates for fresh
man class president and vice
president must also obtain
petitions.
Petitions must be signed
by 15 eligible voters and sub
mit ted to the ASSU office by
next Tuesday.
Nomination petitions are
now available in the ASSU
office for the November 14
student body election. The
contested offices include two
seats on Men's ami Women’s
Councils, bead yell leader,
and pom-pom girl.
Petitions are also available
for the following representa
tive positions in I.ASSU: two
from Wilbur Hall, one each
from Brainier and Koble, and
one graduate student each in
Humanities and Sciences,
engineering, and Mineral Sci
ences. Candidates for fresh
man class president and vice
president must also obtain
petitions.
Petitions must be signed
by 15 eligible voters and sub
mit ted to the ASSU office by
next Tuesday.
Nomination petitions are
now available in the ASSU
office for the November 14
student body election. The
contested offices include two
seats on Men's ami Women’s
Councils, bead yell leader,
and pom-pom girl.
Petitions are also available
for the following representa
tive positions in I.ASSU: two
from Wilbur Hall, one each
from Brainier and Koble, and
one graduate student each in
Humanities and Sciences,
engineering, and Mineral Sci
ences. Candidates for fresh
man class president and vice
president must also obtain
petitions.
Petitions must be signed
by 15 eligible voters and sub
mit ted to the ASSU office by
next Tuesday.
Nomination petitions are
now available in the ASSU
office for the November 14
student body election. The
contested offices include two
seats on Men's ami Women’s
Councils, bead yell leader,
and pom-pom girl.
Petitions are also available
for the following representa
tive positions in I.ASSU: two
from Wilbur Hall, one each
from Brainier and Koble, and
one graduate student each in
Humanities and Sciences,
engineering, and Mineral Sci
ences. Candidates for fresh
man class president and vice
president must also obtain
petitions.
Petitions must be signed
by 15 eligible voters and sub
mit ted to the ASSU office by
next Tuesday.
Nomination petitions are
now available in the ASSU
office for the November 14
student body election. The
contested offices include two
seats on Men's ami Women’s
Councils, bead yell leader,
and pom-pom girl.
Petitions are also available
for the following representa
tive positions in I.ASSU: two
from Wilbur Hall, one each
from Brainier and Koble, and
one graduate student each in
Humanities and Sciences,
engineering, and Mineral Sci
ences. Candidates for fresh
man class president and vice
president must also obtain
petitions.
Petitions must be signed
by 15 eligible voters and sub
mit ted to the ASSU office by
next Tuesday.
Nomination petitions are
now available in the ASSU
office for the November 14
student body election. The
contested offices include two
seats on Men's ami Women’s
Councils, bead yell leader,
and pom-pom girl.
Petitions are also available
for the following representa
tive positions in I.ASSU: two
from Wilbur Hall, one each
from Brainier and Koble, and
one graduate student each in
Humanities and Sciences,
engineering, and Mineral Sci
ences. Candidates for fresh
man class president and vice
president must also obtain
petitions.
Petitions must be signed
by 15 eligible voters and sub
mit ted to the ASSU office by
next Tuesday.
Nomination petitions are
now available in the ASSU
office for the November 14
student body election. The
contested offices include two
seats on Men's ami Women’s
Councils, bead yell leader,
and pom-pom girl.
Petitions are also available
for the following representa
tive positions in I.ASSU: two
from Wilbur Hall, one each
from Brainier and Koble, and
one graduate student each in
Humanities and Sciences,
engineering, and Mineral Sci
ences. Candidates for fresh
man class president and vice
president must also obtain
petitions.
Petitions must be signed
by 15 eligible voters and sub
mit ted to the ASSU office by
next Tuesday.
Nomination petitions are
now available in the ASSU
office for the November 14
student body election. The
contested offices include two
seats on Men's ami Women’s
Councils, bead yell leader,
and pom-pom girl.
Petitions are also available
for the following representa
tive positions in I.ASSU: two
from Wilbur Hall, one each
from Brainier and Koble, and
one graduate student each in
Humanities and Sciences,
engineering, and Mineral Sci
ences. Candidates for fresh
man class president and vice
president must also obtain
petitions.
Petitions must be signed
by 15 eligible voters and sub
mit ted to the ASSU office by
next Tuesday.
Nomination petitions are
now available in the ASSU
office for the November 14
student body election. The
contested offices include two
seats on Men's ami Women’s
Councils, bead yell leader,
and pom-pom girl.
Petitions are also available
for the following representa
tive positions in I.ASSU: two
from Wilbur Hall, one each
from Brainier and Koble, and
one graduate student each in
Humanities and Sciences,
engineering, and Mineral Sci
ences. Candidates for fresh
man class president and vice
president must also obtain
petitions.
Petitions must be signed
by 15 eligible voters and sub
mit ted to the ASSU office by
next Tuesday.
Nomination petitions are
now available in the ASSU
office for the November 14
student body election. The
contested offices include two
seats on Men's ami Women’s
Councils, bead yell leader,
and pom-pom girl.
Petitions are also available
for the following representa
tive positions in I.ASSU: two
from Wilbur Hall, one each
from Brainier and Koble, and
one graduate student each in
Humanities and Sciences,
engineering, and Mineral Sci
ences. Candidates for fresh
man class president and vice
president must also obtain
petitions.
Petitions must be signed
by 15 eligible voters and sub
mit ted to the ASSU office by
next Tuesday.
Nomination petitions are
now available in the ASSU
office for the November 14
student body election. The
contested offices include two
seats on Men's ami Women’s
Councils, bead yell leader,
and pom-pom girl.
Petitions are also available
for the following representa
tive positions in I.ASSU: two
from Wilbur Hall, one each
from Brainier and Koble, and
one graduate student each in
Humanities and Sciences,
engineering, and Mineral Sci
ences. Candidates for fresh
man class president and vice
president must also obtain
petitions.
Petitions must be signed
by 15 eligible voters and sub
mit ted to the ASSU office by
next Tuesday.
Nomination petitions are
now available in the ASSU
office for the November 14
student body election. The
contested offices include two
seats on Men's ami Women’s
Councils, bead yell leader,
and pom-pom girl.
Petitions are also available
for the following representa
tive positions in I.ASSU: two
from Wilbur Hall, one each
from Brainier and Koble, and
one graduate student each in
Humanities and Sciences,
engineering, and Mineral Sci
ences. Candidates for fresh
man class president and vice
president must also obtain
petitions.
Petitions must be signed
by 15 eligible voters and sub
mit ted to the ASSU office by
next Tuesday.
