# Proposition 24 Subject Of Wasserstrom Speech
## 
### 
Proposition 24 will bo tho topio
of a speech by Professor Richard
Wasserstrom of tho Law School

and Philosophy Department at
7:30 p.m. today in tho main
lounge of Tresidder Union. Was
serstrom is a member of the
American Civil Liberties Union.
Proposition 24 will bo tho topio
of a speech by Professor Richard
Wasserstrom of tho Law School

and Philosophy Department at
7:30 p.m. today in tho main
lounge of Tresidder Union. Was
serstrom is a member of the
American Civil Liberties Union.
Proposition 24 will bo tho topio
of a speech by Professor Richard
Wasserstrom of tho Law School

and Philosophy Department at
7:30 p.m. today in tho main
lounge of Tresidder Union. Was
serstrom is a member of the
American Civil Liberties Union.
Proposition 24 will bo tho topio
of a speech by Professor Richard
Wasserstrom of tho Law School

and Philosophy Department at
7:30 p.m. today in tho main
lounge of Tresidder Union. Was
serstrom is a member of the
American Civil Liberties Union.
Proposition 24 will bo tho topio
of a speech by Professor Richard
Wasserstrom of tho Law School

and Philosophy Department at
7:30 p.m. today in tho main
lounge of Tresidder Union. Was
serstrom is a member of the
American Civil Liberties Union.
Proposition 24 will bo tho topio
of a speech by Professor Richard
Wasserstrom of tho Law School

and Philosophy Department at
7:30 p.m. today in tho main
lounge of Tresidder Union. Was
serstrom is a member of the
American Civil Liberties Union.
Proposition 24 will bo tho topio
of a speech by Professor Richard
Wasserstrom of tho Law School

and Philosophy Department at
7:30 p.m. today in tho main
lounge of Tresidder Union. Was
serstrom is a member of the
American Civil Liberties Union.
Proposition 24 will bo tho topio
of a speech by Professor Richard
Wasserstrom of tho Law School

and Philosophy Department at
7:30 p.m. today in tho main
lounge of Tresidder Union. Was
serstrom is a member of the
American Civil Liberties Union.
Proposition 24 will bo tho topio
of a speech by Professor Richard
Wasserstrom of tho Law School

and Philosophy Department at
7:30 p.m. today in tho main
lounge of Tresidder Union. Was
serstrom is a member of the
American Civil Liberties Union.
Proposition 24 will bo tho topio
of a speech by Professor Richard
Wasserstrom of tho Law School

and Philosophy Department at
7:30 p.m. today in tho main
lounge of Tresidder Union. Was
serstrom is a member of the
American Civil Liberties Union.
Proposition 24 will bo tho topio
of a speech by Professor Richard
Wasserstrom of tho Law School

and Philosophy Department at
7:30 p.m. today in tho main
lounge of Tresidder Union. Was
serstrom is a member of the
American Civil Liberties Union.
Proposition 24 will bo tho topio
of a speech by Professor Richard
Wasserstrom of tho Law School

and Philosophy Department at
7:30 p.m. today in tho main
lounge of Tresidder Union. Was
serstrom is a member of the
American Civil Liberties Union.
Proposition 24 will bo tho topio
of a speech by Professor Richard
Wasserstrom of tho Law School

and Philosophy Department at
7:30 p.m. today in tho main
lounge of Tresidder Union. Was
serstrom is a member of the
American Civil Liberties Union.
Proposition 24 will bo tho topio
of a speech by Professor Richard
Wasserstrom of tho Law School

and Philosophy Department at
7:30 p.m. today in tho main
lounge of Tresidder Union. Was
serstrom is a member of the
American Civil Liberties Union.
Proposition 24 will bo tho topio
of a speech by Professor Richard
Wasserstrom of tho Law School

and Philosophy Department at
7:30 p.m. today in tho main
lounge of Tresidder Union. Was
serstrom is a member of the
American Civil Liberties Union.
Proposition 24 will bo tho topio
of a speech by Professor Richard
Wasserstrom of tho Law School

and Philosophy Department at
7:30 p.m. today in tho main
lounge of Tresidder Union. Was
serstrom is a member of the
American Civil Liberties Union.
Proposition 24 will bo tho topio
of a speech by Professor Richard
Wasserstrom of tho Law School

and Philosophy Department at
7:30 p.m. today in tho main
lounge of Tresidder Union. Was
serstrom is a member of the
American Civil Liberties Union.
