# Ibsen Drama Enacted Again
## 
### 
Ibsen's "Rosmersholm" will be
performed again tonight in Me
morial Hall's Little Theatre at
8:30 p.m. The famous 19th cen
tury drama will be repeated to
morrow and Saturday. Tickets
are 75 cents for Stanford stu
dents, and may be purchased at
the Tresidder Union Box Office
or at the door on the nights of
performance.
Ibsen's "Rosmersholm" will be
performed again tonight in Me
morial Hall's Little Theatre at
8:30 p.m. The famous 19th cen
tury drama will be repeated to
morrow and Saturday. Tickets
are 75 cents for Stanford stu
dents, and may be purchased at
the Tresidder Union Box Office
or at the door on the nights of
performance.
Ibsen's "Rosmersholm" will be
performed again tonight in Me
morial Hall's Little Theatre at
8:30 p.m. The famous 19th cen
tury drama will be repeated to
morrow and Saturday. Tickets
are 75 cents for Stanford stu
dents, and may be purchased at
the Tresidder Union Box Office
or at the door on the nights of
performance.
Ibsen's "Rosmersholm" will be
performed again tonight in Me
morial Hall's Little Theatre at
8:30 p.m. The famous 19th cen
tury drama will be repeated to
morrow and Saturday. Tickets
are 75 cents for Stanford stu
dents, and may be purchased at
the Tresidder Union Box Office
or at the door on the nights of
performance.
Ibsen's "Rosmersholm" will be
performed again tonight in Me
morial Hall's Little Theatre at
8:30 p.m. The famous 19th cen
tury drama will be repeated to
morrow and Saturday. Tickets
are 75 cents for Stanford stu
dents, and may be purchased at
the Tresidder Union Box Office
or at the door on the nights of
performance.
Ibsen's "Rosmersholm" will be
performed again tonight in Me
morial Hall's Little Theatre at
8:30 p.m. The famous 19th cen
tury drama will be repeated to
morrow and Saturday. Tickets
are 75 cents for Stanford stu
dents, and may be purchased at
the Tresidder Union Box Office
or at the door on the nights of
performance.
Ibsen's "Rosmersholm" will be
performed again tonight in Me
morial Hall's Little Theatre at
8:30 p.m. The famous 19th cen
tury drama will be repeated to
morrow and Saturday. Tickets
are 75 cents for Stanford stu
dents, and may be purchased at
the Tresidder Union Box Office
or at the door on the nights of
performance.
Ibsen's "Rosmersholm" will be
performed again tonight in Me
morial Hall's Little Theatre at
8:30 p.m. The famous 19th cen
tury drama will be repeated to
morrow and Saturday. Tickets
are 75 cents for Stanford stu
dents, and may be purchased at
the Tresidder Union Box Office
or at the door on the nights of
performance.
Ibsen's "Rosmersholm" will be
performed again tonight in Me
morial Hall's Little Theatre at
8:30 p.m. The famous 19th cen
tury drama will be repeated to
morrow and Saturday. Tickets
are 75 cents for Stanford stu
dents, and may be purchased at
the Tresidder Union Box Office
or at the door on the nights of
performance.
Ibsen's "Rosmersholm" will be
performed again tonight in Me
morial Hall's Little Theatre at
8:30 p.m. The famous 19th cen
tury drama will be repeated to
morrow and Saturday. Tickets
are 75 cents for Stanford stu
dents, and may be purchased at
the Tresidder Union Box Office
or at the door on the nights of
performance.
Ibsen's "Rosmersholm" will be
performed again tonight in Me
morial Hall's Little Theatre at
8:30 p.m. The famous 19th cen
tury drama will be repeated to
morrow and Saturday. Tickets
are 75 cents for Stanford stu
dents, and may be purchased at
the Tresidder Union Box Office
or at the door on the nights of
performance.
Ibsen's "Rosmersholm" will be
performed again tonight in Me
morial Hall's Little Theatre at
8:30 p.m. The famous 19th cen
tury drama will be repeated to
morrow and Saturday. Tickets
are 75 cents for Stanford stu
dents, and may be purchased at
the Tresidder Union Box Office
or at the door on the nights of
performance.
Ibsen's "Rosmersholm" will be
performed again tonight in Me
morial Hall's Little Theatre at
8:30 p.m. The famous 19th cen
tury drama will be repeated to
morrow and Saturday. Tickets
are 75 cents for Stanford stu
dents, and may be purchased at
the Tresidder Union Box Office
or at the door on the nights of
performance.
Ibsen's "Rosmersholm" will be
performed again tonight in Me
morial Hall's Little Theatre at
8:30 p.m. The famous 19th cen
tury drama will be repeated to
morrow and Saturday. Tickets
are 75 cents for Stanford stu
dents, and may be purchased at
the Tresidder Union Box Office
or at the door on the nights of
performance.
Ibsen's "Rosmersholm" will be
performed again tonight in Me
morial Hall's Little Theatre at
8:30 p.m. The famous 19th cen
tury drama will be repeated to
morrow and Saturday. Tickets
are 75 cents for Stanford stu
dents, and may be purchased at
the Tresidder Union Box Office
or at the door on the nights of
performance.
