# DR. ANGELL ACCEPTS OFFER TO AID IN BELGIAN WORK
## 
### 
Dr. Frank Angell, head of the de
partment of Psychology, will he the
third Stanford man to assist Herbert
C. Hoover, *95. in relief work in Bel
gium. Dr. Angell has decided to ac
cept the offer recently made him and
will leave for Europe about December
10. He will take the place of Pro
fessor V. L. Kellogg, head of the Ento
mology department, now in Belgium,
and who expects to study conditions in
Poland.
Dr. Frank Angell, head of the de
partment of Psychology, will he the
third Stanford man to assist Herbert
C. Hoover, *95. in relief work in Bel
gium. Dr. Angell has decided to ac
cept the offer recently made him and
will leave for Europe about December
10. He will take the place of Pro
fessor V. L. Kellogg, head of the Ento
mology department, now in Belgium,
and who expects to study conditions in
Poland.
Dr. Frank Angell, head of the de
partment of Psychology, will he the
third Stanford man to assist Herbert
C. Hoover, *95. in relief work in Bel
gium. Dr. Angell has decided to ac
cept the offer recently made him and
will leave for Europe about December
10. He will take the place of Pro
fessor V. L. Kellogg, head of the Ento
mology department, now in Belgium,
and who expects to study conditions in
Poland.
Dr. Frank Angell, head of the de
partment of Psychology, will he the
third Stanford man to assist Herbert
C. Hoover, *95. in relief work in Bel
gium. Dr. Angell has decided to ac
cept the offer recently made him and
will leave for Europe about December
10. He will take the place of Pro
fessor V. L. Kellogg, head of the Ento
mology department, now in Belgium,
and who expects to study conditions in
Poland.
Dr. Frank Angell, head of the de
partment of Psychology, will he the
third Stanford man to assist Herbert
C. Hoover, *95. in relief work in Bel
gium. Dr. Angell has decided to ac
cept the offer recently made him and
will leave for Europe about December
10. He will take the place of Pro
fessor V. L. Kellogg, head of the Ento
mology department, now in Belgium,
and who expects to study conditions in
Poland.
Dr. Frank Angell, head of the de
partment of Psychology, will he the
third Stanford man to assist Herbert
C. Hoover, *95. in relief work in Bel
gium. Dr. Angell has decided to ac
cept the offer recently made him and
will leave for Europe about December
10. He will take the place of Pro
fessor V. L. Kellogg, head of the Ento
mology department, now in Belgium,
and who expects to study conditions in
Poland.
Dr. Frank Angell, head of the de
partment of Psychology, will he the
third Stanford man to assist Herbert
C. Hoover, *95. in relief work in Bel
gium. Dr. Angell has decided to ac
cept the offer recently made him and
will leave for Europe about December
10. He will take the place of Pro
fessor V. L. Kellogg, head of the Ento
mology department, now in Belgium,
and who expects to study conditions in
Poland.
Dr. Frank Angell, head of the de
partment of Psychology, will he the
third Stanford man to assist Herbert
C. Hoover, *95. in relief work in Bel
gium. Dr. Angell has decided to ac
cept the offer recently made him and
will leave for Europe about December
10. He will take the place of Pro
fessor V. L. Kellogg, head of the Ento
mology department, now in Belgium,
and who expects to study conditions in
Poland.
Dr. Frank Angell, head of the de
partment of Psychology, will he the
third Stanford man to assist Herbert
C. Hoover, *95. in relief work in Bel
gium. Dr. Angell has decided to ac
cept the offer recently made him and
will leave for Europe about December
10. He will take the place of Pro
fessor V. L. Kellogg, head of the Ento
mology department, now in Belgium,
and who expects to study conditions in
Poland.
Dr. Frank Angell, head of the de
partment of Psychology, will he the
third Stanford man to assist Herbert
C. Hoover, *95. in relief work in Bel
gium. Dr. Angell has decided to ac
cept the offer recently made him and
will leave for Europe about December
10. He will take the place of Pro
fessor V. L. Kellogg, head of the Ento
mology department, now in Belgium,
and who expects to study conditions in
Poland.
Dr. Frank Angell, head of the de
partment of Psychology, will he the
third Stanford man to assist Herbert
C. Hoover, *95. in relief work in Bel
gium. Dr. Angell has decided to ac
cept the offer recently made him and
will leave for Europe about December
10. He will take the place of Pro
fessor V. L. Kellogg, head of the Ento
mology department, now in Belgium,
and who expects to study conditions in
Poland.
Dr. Frank Angell, head of the de
partment of Psychology, will he the
third Stanford man to assist Herbert
C. Hoover, *95. in relief work in Bel
gium. Dr. Angell has decided to ac
cept the offer recently made him and
will leave for Europe about December
10. He will take the place of Pro
fessor V. L. Kellogg, head of the Ento
mology department, now in Belgium,
and who expects to study conditions in
Poland.
Dr. Frank Angell, head of the de
partment of Psychology, will he the
third Stanford man to assist Herbert
C. Hoover, *95. in relief work in Bel
gium. Dr. Angell has decided to ac
cept the offer recently made him and
will leave for Europe about December
10. He will take the place of Pro
fessor V. L. Kellogg, head of the Ento
mology department, now in Belgium,
and who expects to study conditions in
Poland.
