# Field Is Author of Union Inscription
## "Expression of Stanford Spirit" Is Title of Tablet Illuminated by Gores 
### 
An inscription entitled "An Expres
sion of the Stanford Spirit," by
Charles K. Field. '9">, Editor of the
Sunset Magazine, and illuminated by
Walter J. (lores, '17. has been placed
in the reading room of the Union
building. This inscription is artisti
cally colored and the sentiment which
is expressed below is well worth .read
ing. The tablet reads: "In loyalty to
Stanford, to the whole universityâ€”
by word and deed, always, by silence
even, when speech were disloyal; in
honoring Stanford people to the meas
ure of their loyalty and no more; in
building with the builders through
faith in the Stanford plan: in making
every best effort spell STANFORD be
fore another name; in planting no
seed in Stanford ground without liope
of flower somewhere; and for the sake
of these things reverencing the senti
mental that gave the Stanford oppor
tunity; therein lies the beginning, but
not the end of the Stanford spirit."
This inscription is one of the many
that are expected to decorate the walls
of the Union, as the building becomes
more established as a traditional
meeting ground fo.r Stanford men.
