# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Interscholastic Board of
Governors requests that tlie even
ing of April 12 be reserved for
the Interscholastic entertainment
in order that all students will
buck up the Hoard in giving the
preparatory school boys a rous
ing entertainment after the an
nual meet.
The Interscholastic Board of
Governors requests that tlie even
ing of April 12 be reserved for
the Interscholastic entertainment
in order that all students will
buck up the Hoard in giving the
preparatory school boys a rous
ing entertainment after the an
nual meet.
The Interscholastic Board of
Governors requests that tlie even
ing of April 12 be reserved for
the Interscholastic entertainment
in order that all students will
buck up the Hoard in giving the
preparatory school boys a rous
ing entertainment after the an
nual meet.
The Interscholastic Board of
Governors requests that tlie even
ing of April 12 be reserved for
the Interscholastic entertainment
in order that all students will
buck up the Hoard in giving the
preparatory school boys a rous
ing entertainment after the an
nual meet.
The Interscholastic Board of
Governors requests that tlie even
ing of April 12 be reserved for
the Interscholastic entertainment
in order that all students will
buck up the Hoard in giving the
preparatory school boys a rous
ing entertainment after the an
nual meet.
The Interscholastic Board of
Governors requests that tlie even
ing of April 12 be reserved for
the Interscholastic entertainment
in order that all students will
buck up the Hoard in giving the
preparatory school boys a rous
ing entertainment after the an
nual meet.
The Interscholastic Board of
Governors requests that tlie even
ing of April 12 be reserved for
the Interscholastic entertainment
in order that all students will
buck up the Hoard in giving the
preparatory school boys a rous
ing entertainment after the an
nual meet.
The Interscholastic Board of
Governors requests that tlie even
ing of April 12 be reserved for
the Interscholastic entertainment
in order that all students will
buck up the Hoard in giving the
preparatory school boys a rous
ing entertainment after the an
nual meet.
The Interscholastic Board of
Governors requests that tlie even
ing of April 12 be reserved for
the Interscholastic entertainment
in order that all students will
buck up the Hoard in giving the
preparatory school boys a rous
ing entertainment after the an
nual meet.
The Interscholastic Board of
Governors requests that tlie even
ing of April 12 be reserved for
the Interscholastic entertainment
in order that all students will
buck up the Hoard in giving the
preparatory school boys a rous
ing entertainment after the an
nual meet.
The Interscholastic Board of
Governors requests that tlie even
ing of April 12 be reserved for
the Interscholastic entertainment
in order that all students will
buck up the Hoard in giving the
preparatory school boys a rous
ing entertainment after the an
nual meet.
The Interscholastic Board of
Governors requests that tlie even
ing of April 12 be reserved for
the Interscholastic entertainment
in order that all students will
buck up the Hoard in giving the
preparatory school boys a rous
ing entertainment after the an
nual meet.
The Interscholastic Board of
Governors requests that tlie even
ing of April 12 be reserved for
the Interscholastic entertainment
in order that all students will
buck up the Hoard in giving the
preparatory school boys a rous
ing entertainment after the an
nual meet.
The Interscholastic Board of
Governors requests that tlie even
ing of April 12 be reserved for
the Interscholastic entertainment
in order that all students will
buck up the Hoard in giving the
preparatory school boys a rous
ing entertainment after the an
nual meet.
