# STANDFORD ELEVEN LOSES TO PASTIME SOCCER TEAM.
## 
### 
Playing below its usual form, Stan
ford soccer team was defeated by the
score of (! to 1 by the Pastime Club on
the turf field Saturday afternoon. The
victory gives the San Franciscans, who
have lost but two games during the
season, the championship of the Cali
fornia Football League.
During the first half, the Pastimers
goaled the ball four times. The exper
ience and team work of the victors was
too much for the Cardinal eleven. In
the second half A. W. Higgins, '12. did
not play and Stanford took the field
one man short.
The lone Cardinal point was made by
Benny Erb after the play had centered
for a time in front of the Pastime's
goal. Aitken scored most of the vic
tor's points, making some brilliant
shots. Of the Stanford eleven, A. L.
Erb, '15, F. S. Pratt, '13, and B. E.
Erb, '12, played the best game.
