# Snow Hinders Search Party In Air Crash
## 
### 
McNARY, Ariz., April 6 (UP). —
Caught by a drift in a deep canyon
snow trap of the White Apache In
dian Reservation, posse men camped
on a high ridge tonight before con
tinuing the search for the Douglas
airliner which crashed Saturday en
route to New York from Burbank,
California.
From a vantage point on the high
ridge, the posse planned an all
night vigil for a possible signal
from the plane or sign that the oc
cupants were alive. Only a forlorn
hope was felt, however, for all were
believed dead.
The ship was believed to have
crashed in a snowstorm due to the
formation of ice on the wings. A
mishap of this kind caused the crash
of a TWA plane bearing 13 passen
gers to their death near Pittsburgh
last month.
Spokesman for the Douglas Air
craft Corporation stated that the
ship was equipped with "anti-icers"
to prevent such an accident. The
plane was also equipped with appa
ratus enabling it to fly by radio
beam.
McNARY, Ariz., April 6 (UP). —
Caught by a drift in a deep canyon
snow trap of the White Apache In
dian Reservation, posse men camped
on a high ridge tonight before con
tinuing the search for the Douglas
airliner which crashed Saturday en
route to New York from Burbank,
California.
From a vantage point on the high
ridge, the posse planned an all
night vigil for a possible signal
from the plane or sign that the oc
cupants were alive. Only a forlorn
hope was felt, however, for all were
believed dead.
The ship was believed to have
crashed in a snowstorm due to the
formation of ice on the wings. A
mishap of this kind caused the crash
of a TWA plane bearing 13 passen
gers to their death near Pittsburgh
last month.
Spokesman for the Douglas Air
craft Corporation stated that the
ship was equipped with "anti-icers"
to prevent such an accident. The
plane was also equipped with appa
ratus enabling it to fly by radio
beam.
McNARY, Ariz., April 6 (UP). —
Caught by a drift in a deep canyon
snow trap of the White Apache In
dian Reservation, posse men camped
on a high ridge tonight before con
tinuing the search for the Douglas
airliner which crashed Saturday en
route to New York from Burbank,
California.
From a vantage point on the high
ridge, the posse planned an all
night vigil for a possible signal
from the plane or sign that the oc
cupants were alive. Only a forlorn
hope was felt, however, for all were
believed dead.
The ship was believed to have
crashed in a snowstorm due to the
formation of ice on the wings. A
mishap of this kind caused the crash
of a TWA plane bearing 13 passen
gers to their death near Pittsburgh
last month.
Spokesman for the Douglas Air
craft Corporation stated that the
ship was equipped with "anti-icers"
to prevent such an accident. The
plane was also equipped with appa
ratus enabling it to fly by radio
beam.
McNARY, Ariz., April 6 (UP). —
Caught by a drift in a deep canyon
snow trap of the White Apache In
dian Reservation, posse men camped
on a high ridge tonight before con
tinuing the search for the Douglas
airliner which crashed Saturday en
route to New York from Burbank,
California.
From a vantage point on the high
ridge, the posse planned an all
night vigil for a possible signal
from the plane or sign that the oc
cupants were alive. Only a forlorn
hope was felt, however, for all were
believed dead.
The ship was believed to have
crashed in a snowstorm due to the
formation of ice on the wings. A
mishap of this kind caused the crash
of a TWA plane bearing 13 passen
gers to their death near Pittsburgh
last month.
Spokesman for the Douglas Air
craft Corporation stated that the
ship was equipped with "anti-icers"
to prevent such an accident. The
plane was also equipped with appa
ratus enabling it to fly by radio
beam.
McNARY, Ariz., April 6 (UP). —
Caught by a drift in a deep canyon
snow trap of the White Apache In
dian Reservation, posse men camped
on a high ridge tonight before con
tinuing the search for the Douglas
airliner which crashed Saturday en
route to New York from Burbank,
California.
From a vantage point on the high
ridge, the posse planned an all
night vigil for a possible signal
from the plane or sign that the oc
cupants were alive. Only a forlorn
hope was felt, however, for all were
believed dead.
The ship was believed to have
crashed in a snowstorm due to the
formation of ice on the wings. A
mishap of this kind caused the crash
of a TWA plane bearing 13 passen
gers to their death near Pittsburgh
last month.
Spokesman for the Douglas Air
craft Corporation stated that the
ship was equipped with "anti-icers"
to prevent such an accident. The
plane was also equipped with appa
ratus enabling it to fly by radio
beam.
McNARY, Ariz., April 6 (UP). —
Caught by a drift in a deep canyon
snow trap of the White Apache In
dian Reservation, posse men camped
on a high ridge tonight before con
tinuing the search for the Douglas
airliner which crashed Saturday en
route to New York from Burbank,
California.
From a vantage point on the high
ridge, the posse planned an all
night vigil for a possible signal
from the plane or sign that the oc
cupants were alive. Only a forlorn
hope was felt, however, for all were
believed dead.
The ship was believed to have
crashed in a snowstorm due to the
formation of ice on the wings. A
mishap of this kind caused the crash
of a TWA plane bearing 13 passen
gers to their death near Pittsburgh
last month.
Spokesman for the Douglas Air
craft Corporation stated that the
ship was equipped with "anti-icers"
to prevent such an accident. The
plane was also equipped with appa
ratus enabling it to fly by radio
beam.
McNARY, Ariz., April 6 (UP). —
Caught by a drift in a deep canyon
snow trap of the White Apache In
dian Reservation, posse men camped
on a high ridge tonight before con
tinuing the search for the Douglas
airliner which crashed Saturday en
route to New York from Burbank,
California.
From a vantage point on the high
ridge, the posse planned an all
night vigil for a possible signal
from the plane or sign that the oc
cupants were alive. Only a forlorn
hope was felt, however, for all were
believed dead.
The ship was believed to have
crashed in a snowstorm due to the
formation of ice on the wings. A
mishap of this kind caused the crash
of a TWA plane bearing 13 passen
gers to their death near Pittsburgh
last month.
Spokesman for the Douglas Air
craft Corporation stated that the
ship was equipped with "anti-icers"
to prevent such an accident. The
plane was also equipped with appa
ratus enabling it to fly by radio
beam.
McNARY, Ariz., April 6 (UP). —
Caught by a drift in a deep canyon
snow trap of the White Apache In
dian Reservation, posse men camped
on a high ridge tonight before con
tinuing the search for the Douglas
airliner which crashed Saturday en
route to New York from Burbank,
California.
From a vantage point on the high
ridge, the posse planned an all
night vigil for a possible signal
from the plane or sign that the oc
cupants were alive. Only a forlorn
hope was felt, however, for all were
believed dead.
The ship was believed to have
crashed in a snowstorm due to the
formation of ice on the wings. A
mishap of this kind caused the crash
of a TWA plane bearing 13 passen
gers to their death near Pittsburgh
last month.
Spokesman for the Douglas Air
craft Corporation stated that the
ship was equipped with "anti-icers"
to prevent such an accident. The
plane was also equipped with appa
ratus enabling it to fly by radio
beam.
McNARY, Ariz., April 6 (UP). —
Caught by a drift in a deep canyon
snow trap of the White Apache In
dian Reservation, posse men camped
on a high ridge tonight before con
tinuing the search for the Douglas
airliner which crashed Saturday en
route to New York from Burbank,
California.
From a vantage point on the high
ridge, the posse planned an all
night vigil for a possible signal
from the plane or sign that the oc
cupants were alive. Only a forlorn
hope was felt, however, for all were
believed dead.
The ship was believed to have
crashed in a snowstorm due to the
formation of ice on the wings. A
mishap of this kind caused the crash
of a TWA plane bearing 13 passen
gers to their death near Pittsburgh
last month.
Spokesman for the Douglas Air
craft Corporation stated that the
ship was equipped with "anti-icers"
to prevent such an accident. The
plane was also equipped with appa
ratus enabling it to fly by radio
beam.
McNARY, Ariz., April 6 (UP). —
Caught by a drift in a deep canyon
snow trap of the White Apache In
dian Reservation, posse men camped
on a high ridge tonight before con
tinuing the search for the Douglas
airliner which crashed Saturday en
route to New York from Burbank,
California.
From a vantage point on the high
ridge, the posse planned an all
night vigil for a possible signal
from the plane or sign that the oc
cupants were alive. Only a forlorn
hope was felt, however, for all were
believed dead.
The ship was believed to have
crashed in a snowstorm due to the
formation of ice on the wings. A
mishap of this kind caused the crash
of a TWA plane bearing 13 passen
gers to their death near Pittsburgh
last month.
Spokesman for the Douglas Air
craft Corporation stated that the
ship was equipped with "anti-icers"
to prevent such an accident. The
plane was also equipped with appa
ratus enabling it to fly by radio
beam.
McNARY, Ariz., April 6 (UP). —
Caught by a drift in a deep canyon
snow trap of the White Apache In
dian Reservation, posse men camped
on a high ridge tonight before con
tinuing the search for the Douglas
airliner which crashed Saturday en
route to New York from Burbank,
California.
From a vantage point on the high
ridge, the posse planned an all
night vigil for a possible signal
from the plane or sign that the oc
cupants were alive. Only a forlorn
hope was felt, however, for all were
believed dead.
The ship was believed to have
crashed in a snowstorm due to the
formation of ice on the wings. A
mishap of this kind caused the crash
of a TWA plane bearing 13 passen
gers to their death near Pittsburgh
last month.
Spokesman for the Douglas Air
craft Corporation stated that the
ship was equipped with "anti-icers"
to prevent such an accident. The
plane was also equipped with appa
ratus enabling it to fly by radio
beam.
McNARY, Ariz., April 6 (UP). —
Caught by a drift in a deep canyon
snow trap of the White Apache In
dian Reservation, posse men camped
on a high ridge tonight before con
tinuing the search for the Douglas
airliner which crashed Saturday en
route to New York from Burbank,
California.
From a vantage point on the high
ridge, the posse planned an all
night vigil for a possible signal
from the plane or sign that the oc
cupants were alive. Only a forlorn
hope was felt, however, for all were
believed dead.
The ship was believed to have
crashed in a snowstorm due to the
formation of ice on the wings. A
mishap of this kind caused the crash
of a TWA plane bearing 13 passen
gers to their death near Pittsburgh
last month.
Spokesman for the Douglas Air
craft Corporation stated that the
ship was equipped with "anti-icers"
to prevent such an accident. The
plane was also equipped with appa
ratus enabling it to fly by radio
beam.
McNARY, Ariz., April 6 (UP). —
Caught by a drift in a deep canyon
snow trap of the White Apache In
dian Reservation, posse men camped
on a high ridge tonight before con
tinuing the search for the Douglas
airliner which crashed Saturday en
route to New York from Burbank,
California.
From a vantage point on the high
ridge, the posse planned an all
night vigil for a possible signal
from the plane or sign that the oc
cupants were alive. Only a forlorn
hope was felt, however, for all were
believed dead.
The ship was believed to have
crashed in a snowstorm due to the
formation of ice on the wings. A
mishap of this kind caused the crash
of a TWA plane bearing 13 passen
gers to their death near Pittsburgh
last month.
Spokesman for the Douglas Air
craft Corporation stated that the
ship was equipped with "anti-icers"
to prevent such an accident. The
plane was also equipped with appa
ratus enabling it to fly by radio
beam.
McNARY, Ariz., April 6 (UP). —
Caught by a drift in a deep canyon
snow trap of the White Apache In
dian Reservation, posse men camped
on a high ridge tonight before con
tinuing the search for the Douglas
airliner which crashed Saturday en
route to New York from Burbank,
California.
From a vantage point on the high
ridge, the posse planned an all
night vigil for a possible signal
from the plane or sign that the oc
cupants were alive. Only a forlorn
hope was felt, however, for all were
believed dead.
The ship was believed to have
crashed in a snowstorm due to the
formation of ice on the wings. A
mishap of this kind caused the crash
of a TWA plane bearing 13 passen
gers to their death near Pittsburgh
last month.
Spokesman for the Douglas Air
craft Corporation stated that the
ship was equipped with "anti-icers"
to prevent such an accident. The
plane was also equipped with appa
ratus enabling it to fly by radio
beam.
McNARY, Ariz., April 6 (UP). —
Caught by a drift in a deep canyon
snow trap of the White Apache In
dian Reservation, posse men camped
on a high ridge tonight before con
tinuing the search for the Douglas
airliner which crashed Saturday en
route to New York from Burbank,
California.
From a vantage point on the high
ridge, the posse planned an all
night vigil for a possible signal
from the plane or sign that the oc
cupants were alive. Only a forlorn
hope was felt, however, for all were
believed dead.
The ship was believed to have
crashed in a snowstorm due to the
formation of ice on the wings. A
mishap of this kind caused the crash
of a TWA plane bearing 13 passen
gers to their death near Pittsburgh
last month.
Spokesman for the Douglas Air
craft Corporation stated that the
ship was equipped with "anti-icers"
to prevent such an accident. The
plane was also equipped with appa
ratus enabling it to fly by radio
beam.
