# Reservations Due For Capital Trip
## 
### 
Reservations for transportation to
Sacramento to attend hearings by
state legislature committees tomor
row and Friday on the California
Youth Act must be made by 5
o'clock this afternoon at the Y.W.
C.A., telephone 4301.
Special rates for transportation
and lodging have been secured,
Aiine Goldstein, chairman of the
local C.Y.A. committee, announced
yesterday. She expects 25 Stanford
students to join 500 young people
from the entire state in attending
the hearings.
Reservations for transportation to
Sacramento to attend hearings by
state legislature committees tomor
row and Friday on the California
Youth Act must be made by 5
o'clock this afternoon at the Y.W.
C.A., telephone 4301.
Special rates for transportation
and lodging have been secured,
Aiine Goldstein, chairman of the
local C.Y.A. committee, announced
yesterday. She expects 25 Stanford
students to join 500 young people
from the entire state in attending
the hearings.
Reservations for transportation to
Sacramento to attend hearings by
state legislature committees tomor
row and Friday on the California
Youth Act must be made by 5
o'clock this afternoon at the Y.W.
C.A., telephone 4301.
Special rates for transportation
and lodging have been secured,
Aiine Goldstein, chairman of the
local C.Y.A. committee, announced
yesterday. She expects 25 Stanford
students to join 500 young people
from the entire state in attending
the hearings.
Reservations for transportation to
Sacramento to attend hearings by
state legislature committees tomor
row and Friday on the California
Youth Act must be made by 5
o'clock this afternoon at the Y.W.
C.A., telephone 4301.
Special rates for transportation
and lodging have been secured,
Aiine Goldstein, chairman of the
local C.Y.A. committee, announced
yesterday. She expects 25 Stanford
students to join 500 young people
from the entire state in attending
the hearings.
Reservations for transportation to
Sacramento to attend hearings by
state legislature committees tomor
row and Friday on the California
Youth Act must be made by 5
o'clock this afternoon at the Y.W.
C.A., telephone 4301.
Special rates for transportation
and lodging have been secured,
Aiine Goldstein, chairman of the
local C.Y.A. committee, announced
yesterday. She expects 25 Stanford
students to join 500 young people
from the entire state in attending
the hearings.
Reservations for transportation to
Sacramento to attend hearings by
state legislature committees tomor
row and Friday on the California
Youth Act must be made by 5
o'clock this afternoon at the Y.W.
C.A., telephone 4301.
Special rates for transportation
and lodging have been secured,
Aiine Goldstein, chairman of the
local C.Y.A. committee, announced
yesterday. She expects 25 Stanford
students to join 500 young people
from the entire state in attending
the hearings.
Reservations for transportation to
Sacramento to attend hearings by
state legislature committees tomor
row and Friday on the California
Youth Act must be made by 5
o'clock this afternoon at the Y.W.
C.A., telephone 4301.
Special rates for transportation
and lodging have been secured,
Aiine Goldstein, chairman of the
local C.Y.A. committee, announced
yesterday. She expects 25 Stanford
students to join 500 young people
from the entire state in attending
the hearings.
Reservations for transportation to
Sacramento to attend hearings by
state legislature committees tomor
row and Friday on the California
Youth Act must be made by 5
o'clock this afternoon at the Y.W.
C.A., telephone 4301.
Special rates for transportation
and lodging have been secured,
Aiine Goldstein, chairman of the
local C.Y.A. committee, announced
yesterday. She expects 25 Stanford
students to join 500 young people
from the entire state in attending
the hearings.
Reservations for transportation to
Sacramento to attend hearings by
state legislature committees tomor
row and Friday on the California
Youth Act must be made by 5
o'clock this afternoon at the Y.W.
C.A., telephone 4301.
Special rates for transportation
and lodging have been secured,
Aiine Goldstein, chairman of the
local C.Y.A. committee, announced
yesterday. She expects 25 Stanford
students to join 500 young people
from the entire state in attending
the hearings.
Reservations for transportation to
Sacramento to attend hearings by
state legislature committees tomor
row and Friday on the California
Youth Act must be made by 5
o'clock this afternoon at the Y.W.
C.A., telephone 4301.
Special rates for transportation
and lodging have been secured,
Aiine Goldstein, chairman of the
local C.Y.A. committee, announced
yesterday. She expects 25 Stanford
students to join 500 young people
from the entire state in attending
the hearings.
Reservations for transportation to
Sacramento to attend hearings by
state legislature committees tomor
row and Friday on the California
Youth Act must be made by 5
o'clock this afternoon at the Y.W.
C.A., telephone 4301.
Special rates for transportation
and lodging have been secured,
Aiine Goldstein, chairman of the
local C.Y.A. committee, announced
yesterday. She expects 25 Stanford
students to join 500 young people
from the entire state in attending
the hearings.
Reservations for transportation to
Sacramento to attend hearings by
state legislature committees tomor
row and Friday on the California
Youth Act must be made by 5
o'clock this afternoon at the Y.W.
C.A., telephone 4301.
Special rates for transportation
and lodging have been secured,
Aiine Goldstein, chairman of the
local C.Y.A. committee, announced
yesterday. She expects 25 Stanford
students to join 500 young people
from the entire state in attending
the hearings.
Reservations for transportation to
Sacramento to attend hearings by
state legislature committees tomor
row and Friday on the California
Youth Act must be made by 5
o'clock this afternoon at the Y.W.
C.A., telephone 4301.
Special rates for transportation
and lodging have been secured,
Aiine Goldstein, chairman of the
local C.Y.A. committee, announced
yesterday. She expects 25 Stanford
students to join 500 young people
from the entire state in attending
the hearings.
Reservations for transportation to
Sacramento to attend hearings by
state legislature committees tomor
row and Friday on the California
Youth Act must be made by 5
o'clock this afternoon at the Y.W.
C.A., telephone 4301.
Special rates for transportation
and lodging have been secured,
Aiine Goldstein, chairman of the
local C.Y.A. committee, announced
yesterday. She expects 25 Stanford
students to join 500 young people
from the entire state in attending
the hearings.
Reservations for transportation to
Sacramento to attend hearings by
state legislature committees tomor
row and Friday on the California
Youth Act must be made by 5
o'clock this afternoon at the Y.W.
C.A., telephone 4301.
Special rates for transportation
and lodging have been secured,
Aiine Goldstein, chairman of the
local C.Y.A. committee, announced
yesterday. She expects 25 Stanford
students to join 500 young people
from the entire state in attending
the hearings.
