# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—Prof. Carl V. Reeves, vice-pres
ident of the University of Washing
ton, representing the Phi Gamma
Delta fraternity, spent last week
with A. B. Coffey, '03, and Instruc
tor Lyon, '98, of the Geology de
partment.
—Prof. Carl V. Reeves, vice-pres
ident of the University of Washing
ton, representing the Phi Gamma
Delta fraternity, spent last week
with A. B. Coffey, '03, and Instruc
tor Lyon, '98, of the Geology de
partment.
—Prof. Carl V. Reeves, vice-pres
ident of the University of Washing
ton, representing the Phi Gamma
Delta fraternity, spent last week
with A. B. Coffey, '03, and Instruc
tor Lyon, '98, of the Geology de
partment.
—Prof. Carl V. Reeves, vice-pres
ident of the University of Washing
ton, representing the Phi Gamma
Delta fraternity, spent last week
with A. B. Coffey, '03, and Instruc
tor Lyon, '98, of the Geology de
partment.
—Prof. Carl V. Reeves, vice-pres
ident of the University of Washing
ton, representing the Phi Gamma
Delta fraternity, spent last week
with A. B. Coffey, '03, and Instruc
tor Lyon, '98, of the Geology de
partment.
—Prof. Carl V. Reeves, vice-pres
ident of the University of Washing
ton, representing the Phi Gamma
Delta fraternity, spent last week
with A. B. Coffey, '03, and Instruc
tor Lyon, '98, of the Geology de
partment.
—Prof. Carl V. Reeves, vice-pres
ident of the University of Washing
ton, representing the Phi Gamma
Delta fraternity, spent last week
with A. B. Coffey, '03, and Instruc
tor Lyon, '98, of the Geology de
partment.
—Prof. Carl V. Reeves, vice-pres
ident of the University of Washing
ton, representing the Phi Gamma
Delta fraternity, spent last week
with A. B. Coffey, '03, and Instruc
tor Lyon, '98, of the Geology de
partment.
