# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In about four weeks the tennis
men will face the players from the
State University, and they will
have to do so knowing that Cali
fornia has had the preliminary
practice which should insure her a
victory without a single set going
to Stanford. Stanford's team has
not yet been selected, nor have any
arrangements been made for the
preliminary tournaments. Last
semester there was among the ten
nis men and in the student body a
greater enthusiasm regarding the
event than there had been for sev
eral years. That this enthusiasm
has been checked is much to be de
plored. Our solace must be in the
fact that no other Stanford team
will have to fight against such
odds. With good courts, an oppor
tunity to make the best of the ma
terial at hand will be had.
