# Mrs. Ely to Sing for Symphony Concert Tonight
## 
### 
Under the direction of John E. Kim
ber, '17, the Palo Alto Symphony Or
chestra will give a concert in the As
sembly Hall tonight at 7:30. The
musicale is one of the regular Tues
day evening entertainments, but is
being held in the Assembly Hall in
order to accommodate the large audi
ence that is expected to be present.
A program much longer than the
usual musicale will be given, and the
concert will not be over for that rea
son until 9 o'clock. No admission will
be charged and the usual tickets for
Assembly Hall attractions will not bo
necessary.
An added attraction for the concert
will be three solos in German by Mrs.
Leonard Ely, the well-known soprano.
She will sing "Die Allmacht," "Die
Rose," and "Standchcn," all short
songs by Schubert.
Under the direction of John E. Kim
ber, '17, the Palo Alto Symphony Or
chestra will give a concert in the As
sembly Hall tonight at 7:30. The
musicale is one of the regular Tues
day evening entertainments, but is
being held in the Assembly Hall in
order to accommodate the large audi
ence that is expected to be present.
A program much longer than the
usual musicale will be given, and the
concert will not be over for that rea
son until 9 o'clock. No admission will
be charged and the usual tickets for
Assembly Hall attractions will not bo
necessary.
An added attraction for the concert
will be three solos in German by Mrs.
Leonard Ely, the well-known soprano.
She will sing "Die Allmacht," "Die
Rose," and "Standchcn," all short
songs by Schubert.
Under the direction of John E. Kim
ber, '17, the Palo Alto Symphony Or
chestra will give a concert in the As
sembly Hall tonight at 7:30. The
musicale is one of the regular Tues
day evening entertainments, but is
being held in the Assembly Hall in
order to accommodate the large audi
ence that is expected to be present.
A program much longer than the
usual musicale will be given, and the
concert will not be over for that rea
son until 9 o'clock. No admission will
be charged and the usual tickets for
Assembly Hall attractions will not bo
necessary.
An added attraction for the concert
will be three solos in German by Mrs.
Leonard Ely, the well-known soprano.
She will sing "Die Allmacht," "Die
Rose," and "Standchcn," all short
songs by Schubert.
Under the direction of John E. Kim
ber, '17, the Palo Alto Symphony Or
chestra will give a concert in the As
sembly Hall tonight at 7:30. The
musicale is one of the regular Tues
day evening entertainments, but is
being held in the Assembly Hall in
order to accommodate the large audi
ence that is expected to be present.
A program much longer than the
usual musicale will be given, and the
concert will not be over for that rea
son until 9 o'clock. No admission will
be charged and the usual tickets for
Assembly Hall attractions will not bo
necessary.
An added attraction for the concert
will be three solos in German by Mrs.
Leonard Ely, the well-known soprano.
She will sing "Die Allmacht," "Die
Rose," and "Standchcn," all short
songs by Schubert.
Under the direction of John E. Kim
ber, '17, the Palo Alto Symphony Or
chestra will give a concert in the As
sembly Hall tonight at 7:30. The
musicale is one of the regular Tues
day evening entertainments, but is
being held in the Assembly Hall in
order to accommodate the large audi
ence that is expected to be present.
A program much longer than the
usual musicale will be given, and the
concert will not be over for that rea
son until 9 o'clock. No admission will
be charged and the usual tickets for
Assembly Hall attractions will not bo
necessary.
An added attraction for the concert
will be three solos in German by Mrs.
Leonard Ely, the well-known soprano.
She will sing "Die Allmacht," "Die
Rose," and "Standchcn," all short
songs by Schubert.
Under the direction of John E. Kim
ber, '17, the Palo Alto Symphony Or
chestra will give a concert in the As
sembly Hall tonight at 7:30. The
musicale is one of the regular Tues
day evening entertainments, but is
being held in the Assembly Hall in
order to accommodate the large audi
ence that is expected to be present.
A program much longer than the
usual musicale will be given, and the
concert will not be over for that rea
son until 9 o'clock. No admission will
be charged and the usual tickets for
Assembly Hall attractions will not bo
necessary.
An added attraction for the concert
will be three solos in German by Mrs.
Leonard Ely, the well-known soprano.
She will sing "Die Allmacht," "Die
Rose," and "Standchcn," all short
songs by Schubert.
Under the direction of John E. Kim
ber, '17, the Palo Alto Symphony Or
chestra will give a concert in the As
sembly Hall tonight at 7:30. The
musicale is one of the regular Tues
day evening entertainments, but is
being held in the Assembly Hall in
order to accommodate the large audi
ence that is expected to be present.
A program much longer than the
usual musicale will be given, and the
concert will not be over for that rea
son until 9 o'clock. No admission will
be charged and the usual tickets for
Assembly Hall attractions will not bo
necessary.
An added attraction for the concert
will be three solos in German by Mrs.
Leonard Ely, the well-known soprano.
She will sing "Die Allmacht," "Die
Rose," and "Standchcn," all short
songs by Schubert.
Under the direction of John E. Kim
ber, '17, the Palo Alto Symphony Or
chestra will give a concert in the As
sembly Hall tonight at 7:30. The
musicale is one of the regular Tues
day evening entertainments, but is
being held in the Assembly Hall in
order to accommodate the large audi
ence that is expected to be present.
A program much longer than the
usual musicale will be given, and the
concert will not be over for that rea
son until 9 o'clock. No admission will
be charged and the usual tickets for
Assembly Hall attractions will not bo
necessary.
An added attraction for the concert
will be three solos in German by Mrs.
Leonard Ely, the well-known soprano.
She will sing "Die Allmacht," "Die
Rose," and "Standchcn," all short
songs by Schubert.
Under the direction of John E. Kim
ber, '17, the Palo Alto Symphony Or
chestra will give a concert in the As
sembly Hall tonight at 7:30. The
musicale is one of the regular Tues
day evening entertainments, but is
being held in the Assembly Hall in
order to accommodate the large audi
ence that is expected to be present.
A program much longer than the
usual musicale will be given, and the
concert will not be over for that rea
son until 9 o'clock. No admission will
be charged and the usual tickets for
Assembly Hall attractions will not bo
necessary.
An added attraction for the concert
will be three solos in German by Mrs.
Leonard Ely, the well-known soprano.
She will sing "Die Allmacht," "Die
Rose," and "Standchcn," all short
songs by Schubert.
Under the direction of John E. Kim
ber, '17, the Palo Alto Symphony Or
chestra will give a concert in the As
sembly Hall tonight at 7:30. The
musicale is one of the regular Tues
day evening entertainments, but is
being held in the Assembly Hall in
order to accommodate the large audi
ence that is expected to be present.
A program much longer than the
usual musicale will be given, and the
concert will not be over for that rea
son until 9 o'clock. No admission will
be charged and the usual tickets for
Assembly Hall attractions will not bo
necessary.
An added attraction for the concert
will be three solos in German by Mrs.
Leonard Ely, the well-known soprano.
She will sing "Die Allmacht," "Die
Rose," and "Standchcn," all short
songs by Schubert.
Under the direction of John E. Kim
ber, '17, the Palo Alto Symphony Or
chestra will give a concert in the As
sembly Hall tonight at 7:30. The
musicale is one of the regular Tues
day evening entertainments, but is
being held in the Assembly Hall in
order to accommodate the large audi
ence that is expected to be present.
A program much longer than the
usual musicale will be given, and the
concert will not be over for that rea
son until 9 o'clock. No admission will
be charged and the usual tickets for
Assembly Hall attractions will not bo
necessary.
An added attraction for the concert
will be three solos in German by Mrs.
Leonard Ely, the well-known soprano.
She will sing "Die Allmacht," "Die
Rose," and "Standchcn," all short
songs by Schubert.
Under the direction of John E. Kim
ber, '17, the Palo Alto Symphony Or
chestra will give a concert in the As
sembly Hall tonight at 7:30. The
musicale is one of the regular Tues
day evening entertainments, but is
being held in the Assembly Hall in
order to accommodate the large audi
ence that is expected to be present.
A program much longer than the
usual musicale will be given, and the
concert will not be over for that rea
son until 9 o'clock. No admission will
be charged and the usual tickets for
Assembly Hall attractions will not bo
necessary.
An added attraction for the concert
will be three solos in German by Mrs.
Leonard Ely, the well-known soprano.
She will sing "Die Allmacht," "Die
Rose," and "Standchcn," all short
songs by Schubert.
Under the direction of John E. Kim
ber, '17, the Palo Alto Symphony Or
chestra will give a concert in the As
sembly Hall tonight at 7:30. The
musicale is one of the regular Tues
day evening entertainments, but is
being held in the Assembly Hall in
order to accommodate the large audi
ence that is expected to be present.
A program much longer than the
usual musicale will be given, and the
concert will not be over for that rea
son until 9 o'clock. No admission will
be charged and the usual tickets for
Assembly Hall attractions will not bo
necessary.
An added attraction for the concert
will be three solos in German by Mrs.
Leonard Ely, the well-known soprano.
She will sing "Die Allmacht," "Die
Rose," and "Standchcn," all short
songs by Schubert.
Under the direction of John E. Kim
ber, '17, the Palo Alto Symphony Or
chestra will give a concert in the As
sembly Hall tonight at 7:30. The
musicale is one of the regular Tues
day evening entertainments, but is
being held in the Assembly Hall in
order to accommodate the large audi
ence that is expected to be present.
A program much longer than the
usual musicale will be given, and the
concert will not be over for that rea
son until 9 o'clock. No admission will
be charged and the usual tickets for
Assembly Hall attractions will not bo
necessary.
An added attraction for the concert
will be three solos in German by Mrs.
Leonard Ely, the well-known soprano.
She will sing "Die Allmacht," "Die
Rose," and "Standchcn," all short
songs by Schubert.
