# OREGON CHOSEN TO MEET THE PENNSYLVANIA TEAM
## 
### 
Announcement comes from the Rose
Tournament Committee that the foot
ball team of the University of Ore
gon has been chosen as the ablest
western team to meet the University
of Pennsylvania at the annual Rose
Tournament held at Pasadena.
Announcement comes from the Rose
Tournament Committee that the foot
ball team of the University of Ore
gon has been chosen as the ablest
western team to meet the University
of Pennsylvania at the annual Rose
Tournament held at Pasadena.
Announcement comes from the Rose
Tournament Committee that the foot
ball team of the University of Ore
gon has been chosen as the ablest
western team to meet the University
of Pennsylvania at the annual Rose
Tournament held at Pasadena.
Announcement comes from the Rose
Tournament Committee that the foot
ball team of the University of Ore
gon has been chosen as the ablest
western team to meet the University
of Pennsylvania at the annual Rose
Tournament held at Pasadena.
Announcement comes from the Rose
Tournament Committee that the foot
ball team of the University of Ore
gon has been chosen as the ablest
western team to meet the University
of Pennsylvania at the annual Rose
Tournament held at Pasadena.
Announcement comes from the Rose
Tournament Committee that the foot
ball team of the University of Ore
gon has been chosen as the ablest
western team to meet the University
of Pennsylvania at the annual Rose
Tournament held at Pasadena.
Announcement comes from the Rose
Tournament Committee that the foot
ball team of the University of Ore
gon has been chosen as the ablest
western team to meet the University
of Pennsylvania at the annual Rose
Tournament held at Pasadena.
Announcement comes from the Rose
Tournament Committee that the foot
ball team of the University of Ore
gon has been chosen as the ablest
western team to meet the University
of Pennsylvania at the annual Rose
Tournament held at Pasadena.
Announcement comes from the Rose
Tournament Committee that the foot
ball team of the University of Ore
gon has been chosen as the ablest
western team to meet the University
of Pennsylvania at the annual Rose
Tournament held at Pasadena.
Announcement comes from the Rose
Tournament Committee that the foot
ball team of the University of Ore
gon has been chosen as the ablest
western team to meet the University
of Pennsylvania at the annual Rose
Tournament held at Pasadena.
Announcement comes from the Rose
Tournament Committee that the foot
ball team of the University of Ore
gon has been chosen as the ablest
western team to meet the University
of Pennsylvania at the annual Rose
Tournament held at Pasadena.
Announcement comes from the Rose
Tournament Committee that the foot
ball team of the University of Ore
gon has been chosen as the ablest
western team to meet the University
of Pennsylvania at the annual Rose
Tournament held at Pasadena.
Announcement comes from the Rose
Tournament Committee that the foot
ball team of the University of Ore
gon has been chosen as the ablest
western team to meet the University
of Pennsylvania at the annual Rose
Tournament held at Pasadena.
Announcement comes from the Rose
Tournament Committee that the foot
ball team of the University of Ore
gon has been chosen as the ablest
western team to meet the University
of Pennsylvania at the annual Rose
Tournament held at Pasadena.
