# Adv. 22 Page 4
## 
### 
Under the fleat her
Isolation Hosuital: Terrell Har
ris. N
WHILE YOU WAIT
or
WHILE YOU SHOP
GEM SHOE
REPAIR
Complete Dye and Shine Dept.
148 STANFORD
SHOPPING CENTER
DA 5-2816
Under the fleat her
Isolation Hosuital: Terrell Har
ris. N
WHILE YOU WAIT
or
WHILE YOU SHOP
GEM SHOE
REPAIR
Complete Dye and Shine Dept.
148 STANFORD
SHOPPING CENTER
DA 5-2816
Under the fleat her
Isolation Hosuital: Terrell Har
ris. N
WHILE YOU WAIT
or
WHILE YOU SHOP
GEM SHOE
REPAIR
Complete Dye and Shine Dept.
148 STANFORD
SHOPPING CENTER
DA 5-2816
Under the fleat her
Isolation Hosuital: Terrell Har
ris. N
WHILE YOU WAIT
or
WHILE YOU SHOP
GEM SHOE
REPAIR
Complete Dye and Shine Dept.
148 STANFORD
SHOPPING CENTER
DA 5-2816
Under the fleat her
Isolation Hosuital: Terrell Har
ris. N
WHILE YOU WAIT
or
WHILE YOU SHOP
GEM SHOE
REPAIR
Complete Dye and Shine Dept.
148 STANFORD
SHOPPING CENTER
DA 5-2816
Under the fleat her
Isolation Hosuital: Terrell Har
ris. N
WHILE YOU WAIT
or
WHILE YOU SHOP
GEM SHOE
REPAIR
Complete Dye and Shine Dept.
148 STANFORD
SHOPPING CENTER
DA 5-2816
Under the fleat her
Isolation Hosuital: Terrell Har
ris. N
WHILE YOU WAIT
or
WHILE YOU SHOP
GEM SHOE
REPAIR
Complete Dye and Shine Dept.
148 STANFORD
SHOPPING CENTER
DA 5-2816
Under the fleat her
Isolation Hosuital: Terrell Har
ris. N
WHILE YOU WAIT
or
WHILE YOU SHOP
GEM SHOE
REPAIR
Complete Dye and Shine Dept.
148 STANFORD
SHOPPING CENTER
DA 5-2816
Under the fleat her
Isolation Hosuital: Terrell Har
ris. N
WHILE YOU WAIT
or
WHILE YOU SHOP
GEM SHOE
REPAIR
Complete Dye and Shine Dept.
148 STANFORD
SHOPPING CENTER
DA 5-2816
Under the fleat her
Isolation Hosuital: Terrell Har
ris. N
WHILE YOU WAIT
or
WHILE YOU SHOP
GEM SHOE
REPAIR
Complete Dye and Shine Dept.
148 STANFORD
SHOPPING CENTER
DA 5-2816
Under the fleat her
Isolation Hosuital: Terrell Har
ris. N
WHILE YOU WAIT
or
WHILE YOU SHOP
GEM SHOE
REPAIR
Complete Dye and Shine Dept.
148 STANFORD
SHOPPING CENTER
DA 5-2816
Under the fleat her
Isolation Hosuital: Terrell Har
ris. N
WHILE YOU WAIT
or
WHILE YOU SHOP
GEM SHOE
REPAIR
Complete Dye and Shine Dept.
148 STANFORD
SHOPPING CENTER
DA 5-2816
Under the fleat her
Isolation Hosuital: Terrell Har
ris. N
WHILE YOU WAIT
or
WHILE YOU SHOP
GEM SHOE
REPAIR
Complete Dye and Shine Dept.
148 STANFORD
SHOPPING CENTER
DA 5-2816
Under the fleat her
Isolation Hosuital: Terrell Har
ris. N
WHILE YOU WAIT
or
WHILE YOU SHOP
GEM SHOE
REPAIR
Complete Dye and Shine Dept.
148 STANFORD
SHOPPING CENTER
DA 5-2816
Under the fleat her
Isolation Hosuital: Terrell Har
ris. N
WHILE YOU WAIT
or
WHILE YOU SHOP
GEM SHOE
REPAIR
Complete Dye and Shine Dept.
148 STANFORD
SHOPPING CENTER
DA 5-2816
Under the fleat her
Isolation Hosuital: Terrell Har
ris. N
WHILE YOU WAIT
or
WHILE YOU SHOP
GEM SHOE
REPAIR
Complete Dye and Shine Dept.
148 STANFORD
SHOPPING CENTER
DA 5-2816
Under the fleat her
Isolation Hosuital: Terrell Har
ris. N
WHILE YOU WAIT
or
WHILE YOU SHOP
GEM SHOE
REPAIR
Complete Dye and Shine Dept.
148 STANFORD
SHOPPING CENTER
DA 5-2816
