# Amendment: No Decision
## 
### 
How area liquor establishments
will seek relief from Stanford
boundary changes is still an unde
cided question nearly two weeks
after the problem came to light.
One of two possible methods of
amending a state law which pro
hibits sale of liquor within IVL>
miles of a university boundary is
expected to bo introduced to the
State Legislature, but the prob
lem is deciding which one to sub
mit.
State Assemblyman Clark
Bradley said last night ho might,
talk with Stanford officials and
concerned proprietors this week
end, but as far as could be learned
no such meeting took place.
Even as Bradley was discussing
the possibilities for a meeting,
Stanford officials were saying
that it was no concern of theirs
how the nine businesses sought
relief. If no change goes through
the Legislature, the establish
ments will lose their liquor li
censes in September, when Stan
ford boundaries move- to closer
than IV2 miles from the stores'
locations.
Bradley has said *ie won't sub
mit any such amendment until he
has learned the exact wishes of
all concerned.
How area liquor establishments
will seek relief from Stanford
boundary changes is still an unde
cided question nearly two weeks
after the problem came to light.
One of two possible methods of
amending a state law which pro
hibits sale of liquor within IVL>
miles of a university boundary is
expected to bo introduced to the
State Legislature, but the prob
lem is deciding which one to sub
mit.
State Assemblyman Clark
Bradley said last night ho might,
talk with Stanford officials and
concerned proprietors this week
end, but as far as could be learned
no such meeting took place.
Even as Bradley was discussing
the possibilities for a meeting,
Stanford officials were saying
that it was no concern of theirs
how the nine businesses sought
relief. If no change goes through
the Legislature, the establish
ments will lose their liquor li
censes in September, when Stan
ford boundaries move- to closer
than IV2 miles from the stores'
locations.
Bradley has said *ie won't sub
mit any such amendment until he
has learned the exact wishes of
all concerned.
How area liquor establishments
will seek relief from Stanford
boundary changes is still an unde
cided question nearly two weeks
after the problem came to light.
One of two possible methods of
amending a state law which pro
hibits sale of liquor within IVL>
miles of a university boundary is
expected to bo introduced to the
State Legislature, but the prob
lem is deciding which one to sub
mit.
State Assemblyman Clark
Bradley said last night ho might,
talk with Stanford officials and
concerned proprietors this week
end, but as far as could be learned
no such meeting took place.
Even as Bradley was discussing
the possibilities for a meeting,
Stanford officials were saying
that it was no concern of theirs
how the nine businesses sought
relief. If no change goes through
the Legislature, the establish
ments will lose their liquor li
censes in September, when Stan
ford boundaries move- to closer
than IV2 miles from the stores'
locations.
Bradley has said *ie won't sub
mit any such amendment until he
has learned the exact wishes of
all concerned.
How area liquor establishments
will seek relief from Stanford
boundary changes is still an unde
cided question nearly two weeks
after the problem came to light.
One of two possible methods of
amending a state law which pro
hibits sale of liquor within IVL>
miles of a university boundary is
expected to bo introduced to the
State Legislature, but the prob
lem is deciding which one to sub
mit.
State Assemblyman Clark
Bradley said last night ho might,
talk with Stanford officials and
concerned proprietors this week
end, but as far as could be learned
no such meeting took place.
Even as Bradley was discussing
the possibilities for a meeting,
Stanford officials were saying
that it was no concern of theirs
how the nine businesses sought
relief. If no change goes through
the Legislature, the establish
ments will lose their liquor li
censes in September, when Stan
ford boundaries move- to closer
than IV2 miles from the stores'
locations.
Bradley has said *ie won't sub
mit any such amendment until he
has learned the exact wishes of
all concerned.
How area liquor establishments
will seek relief from Stanford
boundary changes is still an unde
cided question nearly two weeks
after the problem came to light.
One of two possible methods of
amending a state law which pro
hibits sale of liquor within IVL>
miles of a university boundary is
expected to bo introduced to the
State Legislature, but the prob
lem is deciding which one to sub
mit.
State Assemblyman Clark
Bradley said last night ho might,
talk with Stanford officials and
concerned proprietors this week
end, but as far as could be learned
no such meeting took place.
Even as Bradley was discussing
the possibilities for a meeting,
Stanford officials were saying
that it was no concern of theirs
how the nine businesses sought
relief. If no change goes through
the Legislature, the establish
ments will lose their liquor li
censes in September, when Stan
ford boundaries move- to closer
than IV2 miles from the stores'
locations.
Bradley has said *ie won't sub
mit any such amendment until he
has learned the exact wishes of
all concerned.
How area liquor establishments
will seek relief from Stanford
boundary changes is still an unde
cided question nearly two weeks
after the problem came to light.
One of two possible methods of
amending a state law which pro
hibits sale of liquor within IVL>
miles of a university boundary is
expected to bo introduced to the
State Legislature, but the prob
lem is deciding which one to sub
mit.
State Assemblyman Clark
Bradley said last night ho might,
talk with Stanford officials and
concerned proprietors this week
end, but as far as could be learned
no such meeting took place.
Even as Bradley was discussing
the possibilities for a meeting,
Stanford officials were saying
that it was no concern of theirs
how the nine businesses sought
relief. If no change goes through
the Legislature, the establish
ments will lose their liquor li
censes in September, when Stan
ford boundaries move- to closer
than IV2 miles from the stores'
locations.
Bradley has said *ie won't sub
mit any such amendment until he
has learned the exact wishes of
all concerned.
How area liquor establishments
will seek relief from Stanford
boundary changes is still an unde
cided question nearly two weeks
after the problem came to light.
One of two possible methods of
amending a state law which pro
hibits sale of liquor within IVL>
miles of a university boundary is
expected to bo introduced to the
State Legislature, but the prob
lem is deciding which one to sub
mit.
State Assemblyman Clark
Bradley said last night ho might,
talk with Stanford officials and
concerned proprietors this week
end, but as far as could be learned
no such meeting took place.
Even as Bradley was discussing
the possibilities for a meeting,
Stanford officials were saying
that it was no concern of theirs
how the nine businesses sought
relief. If no change goes through
the Legislature, the establish
ments will lose their liquor li
censes in September, when Stan
ford boundaries move- to closer
than IV2 miles from the stores'
locations.
Bradley has said *ie won't sub
mit any such amendment until he
has learned the exact wishes of
all concerned.
How area liquor establishments
will seek relief from Stanford
boundary changes is still an unde
cided question nearly two weeks
after the problem came to light.
One of two possible methods of
amending a state law which pro
hibits sale of liquor within IVL>
miles of a university boundary is
expected to bo introduced to the
State Legislature, but the prob
lem is deciding which one to sub
mit.
State Assemblyman Clark
Bradley said last night ho might,
talk with Stanford officials and
concerned proprietors this week
end, but as far as could be learned
no such meeting took place.
Even as Bradley was discussing
the possibilities for a meeting,
Stanford officials were saying
that it was no concern of theirs
how the nine businesses sought
relief. If no change goes through
the Legislature, the establish
ments will lose their liquor li
censes in September, when Stan
ford boundaries move- to closer
than IV2 miles from the stores'
locations.
Bradley has said *ie won't sub
mit any such amendment until he
has learned the exact wishes of
all concerned.
How area liquor establishments
will seek relief from Stanford
boundary changes is still an unde
cided question nearly two weeks
after the problem came to light.
One of two possible methods of
amending a state law which pro
hibits sale of liquor within IVL>
miles of a university boundary is
expected to bo introduced to the
State Legislature, but the prob
lem is deciding which one to sub
mit.
State Assemblyman Clark
Bradley said last night ho might,
talk with Stanford officials and
concerned proprietors this week
end, but as far as could be learned
no such meeting took place.
Even as Bradley was discussing
the possibilities for a meeting,
Stanford officials were saying
that it was no concern of theirs
how the nine businesses sought
relief. If no change goes through
the Legislature, the establish
ments will lose their liquor li
censes in September, when Stan
ford boundaries move- to closer
than IV2 miles from the stores'
locations.
Bradley has said *ie won't sub
mit any such amendment until he
has learned the exact wishes of
all concerned.
How area liquor establishments
will seek relief from Stanford
boundary changes is still an unde
cided question nearly two weeks
after the problem came to light.
One of two possible methods of
amending a state law which pro
hibits sale of liquor within IVL>
miles of a university boundary is
expected to bo introduced to the
State Legislature, but the prob
lem is deciding which one to sub
mit.
State Assemblyman Clark
Bradley said last night ho might,
talk with Stanford officials and
concerned proprietors this week
end, but as far as could be learned
no such meeting took place.
Even as Bradley was discussing
the possibilities for a meeting,
Stanford officials were saying
that it was no concern of theirs
how the nine businesses sought
relief. If no change goes through
the Legislature, the establish
ments will lose their liquor li
censes in September, when Stan
ford boundaries move- to closer
than IV2 miles from the stores'
locations.
Bradley has said *ie won't sub
mit any such amendment until he
has learned the exact wishes of
all concerned.
How area liquor establishments
will seek relief from Stanford
boundary changes is still an unde
cided question nearly two weeks
after the problem came to light.
One of two possible methods of
amending a state law which pro
hibits sale of liquor within IVL>
miles of a university boundary is
expected to bo introduced to the
State Legislature, but the prob
lem is deciding which one to sub
mit.
State Assemblyman Clark
Bradley said last night ho might,
talk with Stanford officials and
concerned proprietors this week
end, but as far as could be learned
no such meeting took place.
Even as Bradley was discussing
the possibilities for a meeting,
Stanford officials were saying
that it was no concern of theirs
how the nine businesses sought
relief. If no change goes through
the Legislature, the establish
ments will lose their liquor li
censes in September, when Stan
ford boundaries move- to closer
than IV2 miles from the stores'
locations.
Bradley has said *ie won't sub
mit any such amendment until he
has learned the exact wishes of
all concerned.
How area liquor establishments
will seek relief from Stanford
boundary changes is still an unde
cided question nearly two weeks
after the problem came to light.
One of two possible methods of
amending a state law which pro
hibits sale of liquor within IVL>
miles of a university boundary is
expected to bo introduced to the
State Legislature, but the prob
lem is deciding which one to sub
mit.
State Assemblyman Clark
Bradley said last night ho might,
talk with Stanford officials and
concerned proprietors this week
end, but as far as could be learned
no such meeting took place.
Even as Bradley was discussing
the possibilities for a meeting,
Stanford officials were saying
that it was no concern of theirs
how the nine businesses sought
relief. If no change goes through
the Legislature, the establish
ments will lose their liquor li
censes in September, when Stan
ford boundaries move- to closer
than IV2 miles from the stores'
locations.
Bradley has said *ie won't sub
mit any such amendment until he
has learned the exact wishes of
all concerned.
How area liquor establishments
will seek relief from Stanford
boundary changes is still an unde
cided question nearly two weeks
after the problem came to light.
One of two possible methods of
amending a state law which pro
hibits sale of liquor within IVL>
miles of a university boundary is
expected to bo introduced to the
State Legislature, but the prob
lem is deciding which one to sub
mit.
State Assemblyman Clark
Bradley said last night ho might,
talk with Stanford officials and
concerned proprietors this week
end, but as far as could be learned
no such meeting took place.
Even as Bradley was discussing
the possibilities for a meeting,
Stanford officials were saying
that it was no concern of theirs
how the nine businesses sought
relief. If no change goes through
the Legislature, the establish
ments will lose their liquor li
censes in September, when Stan
ford boundaries move- to closer
than IV2 miles from the stores'
locations.
Bradley has said *ie won't sub
mit any such amendment until he
has learned the exact wishes of
all concerned.
How area liquor establishments
will seek relief from Stanford
boundary changes is still an unde
cided question nearly two weeks
after the problem came to light.
One of two possible methods of
amending a state law which pro
hibits sale of liquor within IVL>
miles of a university boundary is
expected to bo introduced to the
State Legislature, but the prob
lem is deciding which one to sub
mit.
State Assemblyman Clark
Bradley said last night ho might,
talk with Stanford officials and
concerned proprietors this week
end, but as far as could be learned
no such meeting took place.
Even as Bradley was discussing
the possibilities for a meeting,
Stanford officials were saying
that it was no concern of theirs
how the nine businesses sought
relief. If no change goes through
the Legislature, the establish
ments will lose their liquor li
censes in September, when Stan
ford boundaries move- to closer
than IV2 miles from the stores'
locations.
Bradley has said *ie won't sub
mit any such amendment until he
has learned the exact wishes of
all concerned.
How area liquor establishments
will seek relief from Stanford
boundary changes is still an unde
cided question nearly two weeks
after the problem came to light.
One of two possible methods of
amending a state law which pro
hibits sale of liquor within IVL>
miles of a university boundary is
expected to bo introduced to the
State Legislature, but the prob
lem is deciding which one to sub
mit.
State Assemblyman Clark
Bradley said last night ho might,
talk with Stanford officials and
concerned proprietors this week
end, but as far as could be learned
no such meeting took place.
Even as Bradley was discussing
the possibilities for a meeting,
Stanford officials were saying
that it was no concern of theirs
how the nine businesses sought
relief. If no change goes through
the Legislature, the establish
ments will lose their liquor li
censes in September, when Stan
ford boundaries move- to closer
than IV2 miles from the stores'
locations.
Bradley has said *ie won't sub
mit any such amendment until he
has learned the exact wishes of
all concerned.
How area liquor establishments
will seek relief from Stanford
boundary changes is still an unde
cided question nearly two weeks
after the problem came to light.
One of two possible methods of
amending a state law which pro
hibits sale of liquor within IVL>
miles of a university boundary is
expected to bo introduced to the
State Legislature, but the prob
lem is deciding which one to sub
mit.
State Assemblyman Clark
Bradley said last night ho might,
talk with Stanford officials and
concerned proprietors this week
end, but as far as could be learned
no such meeting took place.
Even as Bradley was discussing
the possibilities for a meeting,
Stanford officials were saying
that it was no concern of theirs
how the nine businesses sought
relief. If no change goes through
the Legislature, the establish
ments will lose their liquor li
censes in September, when Stan
ford boundaries move- to closer
than IV2 miles from the stores'
locations.
Bradley has said *ie won't sub
mit any such amendment until he
has learned the exact wishes of
all concerned.
How area liquor establishments
will seek relief from Stanford
boundary changes is still an unde
cided question nearly two weeks
after the problem came to light.
One of two possible methods of
amending a state law which pro
hibits sale of liquor within IVL>
miles of a university boundary is
expected to bo introduced to the
State Legislature, but the prob
lem is deciding which one to sub
mit.
State Assemblyman Clark
Bradley said last night ho might,
talk with Stanford officials and
concerned proprietors this week
end, but as far as could be learned
no such meeting took place.
Even as Bradley was discussing
the possibilities for a meeting,
Stanford officials were saying
that it was no concern of theirs
how the nine businesses sought
relief. If no change goes through
the Legislature, the establish
ments will lose their liquor li
censes in September, when Stan
ford boundaries move- to closer
than IV2 miles from the stores'
locations.
Bradley has said *ie won't sub
mit any such amendment until he
has learned the exact wishes of
all concerned.
