# HE'S THE NEW HEAD
## 
### 

Leonard B. "Stub" Allison (above)
was appointed head football coach
at the University of California im
mediately afteir the resignation of
W. A. "Eill" Ingram was accepted.
Allison was Ingram's assistant for
four years. (Associated Press
Photo)

Leonard B. "Stub" Allison (above)
was appointed head football coach
at the University of California im
mediately afteir the resignation of
W. A. "Eill" Ingram was accepted.
Allison was Ingram's assistant for
four years. (Associated Press
Photo)

Leonard B. "Stub" Allison (above)
was appointed head football coach
at the University of California im
mediately afteir the resignation of
W. A. "Eill" Ingram was accepted.
Allison was Ingram's assistant for
four years. (Associated Press
Photo)

Leonard B. "Stub" Allison (above)
was appointed head football coach
at the University of California im
mediately afteir the resignation of
W. A. "Eill" Ingram was accepted.
Allison was Ingram's assistant for
four years. (Associated Press
Photo)

Leonard B. "Stub" Allison (above)
was appointed head football coach
at the University of California im
mediately afteir the resignation of
W. A. "Eill" Ingram was accepted.
Allison was Ingram's assistant for
four years. (Associated Press
Photo)

Leonard B. "Stub" Allison (above)
was appointed head football coach
at the University of California im
mediately afteir the resignation of
W. A. "Eill" Ingram was accepted.
Allison was Ingram's assistant for
four years. (Associated Press
Photo)

Leonard B. "Stub" Allison (above)
was appointed head football coach
at the University of California im
mediately afteir the resignation of
W. A. "Eill" Ingram was accepted.
Allison was Ingram's assistant for
four years. (Associated Press
Photo)

Leonard B. "Stub" Allison (above)
was appointed head football coach
at the University of California im
mediately afteir the resignation of
W. A. "Eill" Ingram was accepted.
Allison was Ingram's assistant for
four years. (Associated Press
Photo)

Leonard B. "Stub" Allison (above)
was appointed head football coach
at the University of California im
mediately afteir the resignation of
W. A. "Eill" Ingram was accepted.
Allison was Ingram's assistant for
four years. (Associated Press
Photo)

Leonard B. "Stub" Allison (above)
was appointed head football coach
at the University of California im
mediately afteir the resignation of
W. A. "Eill" Ingram was accepted.
Allison was Ingram's assistant for
four years. (Associated Press
Photo)

Leonard B. "Stub" Allison (above)
was appointed head football coach
at the University of California im
mediately afteir the resignation of
W. A. "Eill" Ingram was accepted.
Allison was Ingram's assistant for
four years. (Associated Press
Photo)

Leonard B. "Stub" Allison (above)
was appointed head football coach
at the University of California im
mediately afteir the resignation of
W. A. "Eill" Ingram was accepted.
Allison was Ingram's assistant for
four years. (Associated Press
Photo)

Leonard B. "Stub" Allison (above)
was appointed head football coach
at the University of California im
mediately afteir the resignation of
W. A. "Eill" Ingram was accepted.
Allison was Ingram's assistant for
four years. (Associated Press
Photo)

Leonard B. "Stub" Allison (above)
was appointed head football coach
at the University of California im
mediately afteir the resignation of
W. A. "Eill" Ingram was accepted.
Allison was Ingram's assistant for
four years. (Associated Press
Photo)

Leonard B. "Stub" Allison (above)
was appointed head football coach
at the University of California im
mediately afteir the resignation of
W. A. "Eill" Ingram was accepted.
Allison was Ingram's assistant for
four years. (Associated Press
Photo)
