# Student Health Group Will Meet December 1
## 
### 
Featured by round lables and dis
cussion of health and physical edu
cational problems, the second or- !
ganization meeting of the Pacific!
Coast Section of the American Stu- i
dent Health Association w.is held in ,
(he Women's Clubhouse Saturday, i
December 1.
Round tables occupied the morn- â– 
ing session, with Drs. Charles E.'
Shcpard, Walter H. Brown, and
Neils P. Neilson of the Stanford
faculty among the discussion lead- j
ers. John Bunn, varsity basketball
coach, was one of the discussion
leaders during the afternoon session,
and Dud DeGroot, former football
captain, headed the men's section in
(he consideration of special physical
education problems.
A business meeting and a dinner
concluded the conference, for which
Dr. Thomas A. Storey, head of the
School of Hygiene and Physical
Education, was general chairman of
(he organizing committee.
