# BERKELEY BEGINS RUGBY.
## Ninety-four Candidates for English Game.â€”Fall Training for Track and Baseball Begins. 
### 
Rugby practice was begun at Ber
keley last Thursday,, under the direc
tion of Coaches Taylor and Womble.
Ninety-four men have signed up for
the season. Forty-two of these, be
ing Freshmen, will be ineligible for
competition in the varsity games. The
squad has been divided into four di
visions and put under the direction
of the veterans of last year's team.
The Freshman team is being rounded
into shape as rapidly as possible to
be in condition for their first contest
on September Qth. On that date they
will meet the Barbarians, an aggrega
tion of veteran English players col
lected in San Francisco.
Fall training for track and baseball
lias also been started and Trainer
Christie has appointed several veter
ans to take charge of this work while
he is absent on his trip to James
town.
Rugby practice was begun at Ber
keley last Thursday,, under the direc
tion of Coaches Taylor and Womble.
Ninety-four men have signed up for
the season. Forty-two of these, be
ing Freshmen, will be ineligible for
competition in the varsity games. The
squad has been divided into four di
visions and put under the direction
of the veterans of last year's team.
The Freshman team is being rounded
into shape as rapidly as possible to
be in condition for their first contest
on September Qth. On that date they
will meet the Barbarians, an aggrega
tion of veteran English players col
lected in San Francisco.
Fall training for track and baseball
lias also been started and Trainer
Christie has appointed several veter
ans to take charge of this work while
he is absent on his trip to James
town.
Rugby practice was begun at Ber
keley last Thursday,, under the direc
tion of Coaches Taylor and Womble.
Ninety-four men have signed up for
the season. Forty-two of these, be
ing Freshmen, will be ineligible for
competition in the varsity games. The
squad has been divided into four di
visions and put under the direction
of the veterans of last year's team.
The Freshman team is being rounded
into shape as rapidly as possible to
be in condition for their first contest
on September Qth. On that date they
will meet the Barbarians, an aggrega
tion of veteran English players col
lected in San Francisco.
Fall training for track and baseball
lias also been started and Trainer
Christie has appointed several veter
ans to take charge of this work while
he is absent on his trip to James
town.
Rugby practice was begun at Ber
keley last Thursday,, under the direc
tion of Coaches Taylor and Womble.
Ninety-four men have signed up for
the season. Forty-two of these, be
ing Freshmen, will be ineligible for
competition in the varsity games. The
squad has been divided into four di
visions and put under the direction
of the veterans of last year's team.
The Freshman team is being rounded
into shape as rapidly as possible to
be in condition for their first contest
on September Qth. On that date they
will meet the Barbarians, an aggrega
tion of veteran English players col
lected in San Francisco.
Fall training for track and baseball
lias also been started and Trainer
Christie has appointed several veter
ans to take charge of this work while
he is absent on his trip to James
town.
Rugby practice was begun at Ber
keley last Thursday,, under the direc
tion of Coaches Taylor and Womble.
Ninety-four men have signed up for
the season. Forty-two of these, be
ing Freshmen, will be ineligible for
competition in the varsity games. The
squad has been divided into four di
visions and put under the direction
of the veterans of last year's team.
The Freshman team is being rounded
into shape as rapidly as possible to
be in condition for their first contest
on September Qth. On that date they
will meet the Barbarians, an aggrega
tion of veteran English players col
lected in San Francisco.
Fall training for track and baseball
lias also been started and Trainer
Christie has appointed several veter
ans to take charge of this work while
he is absent on his trip to James
town.
Rugby practice was begun at Ber
keley last Thursday,, under the direc
tion of Coaches Taylor and Womble.
Ninety-four men have signed up for
the season. Forty-two of these, be
ing Freshmen, will be ineligible for
competition in the varsity games. The
squad has been divided into four di
visions and put under the direction
of the veterans of last year's team.
The Freshman team is being rounded
into shape as rapidly as possible to
be in condition for their first contest
on September Qth. On that date they
will meet the Barbarians, an aggrega
tion of veteran English players col
lected in San Francisco.
Fall training for track and baseball
lias also been started and Trainer
Christie has appointed several veter
ans to take charge of this work while
he is absent on his trip to James
town.
Rugby practice was begun at Ber
keley last Thursday,, under the direc
tion of Coaches Taylor and Womble.
Ninety-four men have signed up for
the season. Forty-two of these, be
ing Freshmen, will be ineligible for
competition in the varsity games. The
squad has been divided into four di
visions and put under the direction
of the veterans of last year's team.
The Freshman team is being rounded
into shape as rapidly as possible to
be in condition for their first contest
on September Qth. On that date they
will meet the Barbarians, an aggrega
tion of veteran English players col
lected in San Francisco.
Fall training for track and baseball
lias also been started and Trainer
Christie has appointed several veter
ans to take charge of this work while
he is absent on his trip to James
town.
Rugby practice was begun at Ber
keley last Thursday,, under the direc
tion of Coaches Taylor and Womble.
Ninety-four men have signed up for
the season. Forty-two of these, be
ing Freshmen, will be ineligible for
competition in the varsity games. The
squad has been divided into four di
visions and put under the direction
of the veterans of last year's team.
The Freshman team is being rounded
into shape as rapidly as possible to
be in condition for their first contest
on September Qth. On that date they
will meet the Barbarians, an aggrega
tion of veteran English players col
lected in San Francisco.
Fall training for track and baseball
lias also been started and Trainer
Christie has appointed several veter
ans to take charge of this work while
he is absent on his trip to James
town.
Rugby practice was begun at Ber
keley last Thursday,, under the direc
tion of Coaches Taylor and Womble.
Ninety-four men have signed up for
the season. Forty-two of these, be
ing Freshmen, will be ineligible for
competition in the varsity games. The
squad has been divided into four di
visions and put under the direction
of the veterans of last year's team.
The Freshman team is being rounded
into shape as rapidly as possible to
be in condition for their first contest
on September Qth. On that date they
will meet the Barbarians, an aggrega
tion of veteran English players col
lected in San Francisco.
Fall training for track and baseball
lias also been started and Trainer
Christie has appointed several veter
ans to take charge of this work while
he is absent on his trip to James
town.
