# STRIKERS FIGHT IN L.A.
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, May 31 (/P).—
Sporadic lighting between striking
longshoremen and men who have re
placed them on the docks kept po
lice busy at Los Angeles harbor to
day. Several arrests we: j made.
LOS ANGELES, May 31 (/P).—
Sporadic lighting between striking
longshoremen and men who have re
placed them on the docks kept po
lice busy at Los Angeles harbor to
day. Several arrests we: j made.
LOS ANGELES, May 31 (/P).—
Sporadic lighting between striking
longshoremen and men who have re
placed them on the docks kept po
lice busy at Los Angeles harbor to
day. Several arrests we: j made.
LOS ANGELES, May 31 (/P).—
Sporadic lighting between striking
longshoremen and men who have re
placed them on the docks kept po
lice busy at Los Angeles harbor to
day. Several arrests we: j made.
LOS ANGELES, May 31 (/P).—
Sporadic lighting between striking
longshoremen and men who have re
placed them on the docks kept po
lice busy at Los Angeles harbor to
day. Several arrests we: j made.
LOS ANGELES, May 31 (/P).—
Sporadic lighting between striking
longshoremen and men who have re
placed them on the docks kept po
lice busy at Los Angeles harbor to
day. Several arrests we: j made.
LOS ANGELES, May 31 (/P).—
Sporadic lighting between striking
longshoremen and men who have re
placed them on the docks kept po
lice busy at Los Angeles harbor to
day. Several arrests we: j made.
LOS ANGELES, May 31 (/P).—
Sporadic lighting between striking
longshoremen and men who have re
placed them on the docks kept po
lice busy at Los Angeles harbor to
day. Several arrests we: j made.
LOS ANGELES, May 31 (/P).—
Sporadic lighting between striking
longshoremen and men who have re
placed them on the docks kept po
lice busy at Los Angeles harbor to
day. Several arrests we: j made.
LOS ANGELES, May 31 (/P).—
Sporadic lighting between striking
longshoremen and men who have re
placed them on the docks kept po
lice busy at Los Angeles harbor to
day. Several arrests we: j made.
LOS ANGELES, May 31 (/P).—
Sporadic lighting between striking
longshoremen and men who have re
placed them on the docks kept po
lice busy at Los Angeles harbor to
day. Several arrests we: j made.
LOS ANGELES, May 31 (/P).—
Sporadic lighting between striking
longshoremen and men who have re
placed them on the docks kept po
lice busy at Los Angeles harbor to
day. Several arrests we: j made.
LOS ANGELES, May 31 (/P).—
Sporadic lighting between striking
longshoremen and men who have re
placed them on the docks kept po
lice busy at Los Angeles harbor to
day. Several arrests we: j made.
LOS ANGELES, May 31 (/P).—
Sporadic lighting between striking
longshoremen and men who have re
placed them on the docks kept po
lice busy at Los Angeles harbor to
day. Several arrests we: j made.
