# SEEKS NATIONAL AID
## 
### 
PORTLAND, Ore., May 31. (A 3 ). -
Mayor Joseph K. Carson today asked
governors of the three Coastal states
and mayors of seaport cities to join
him in an appeal to (he National
Administration to assume complete
jurisdiction in Ihe longshoremen':;
con< i oversy.
PORTLAND, Ore., May 31. (A 3 ). -
Mayor Joseph K. Carson today asked
governors of the three Coastal states
and mayors of seaport cities to join
him in an appeal to (he National
Administration to assume complete
jurisdiction in Ihe longshoremen':;
con< i oversy.
PORTLAND, Ore., May 31. (A 3 ). -
Mayor Joseph K. Carson today asked
governors of the three Coastal states
and mayors of seaport cities to join
him in an appeal to (he National
Administration to assume complete
jurisdiction in Ihe longshoremen':;
con< i oversy.
PORTLAND, Ore., May 31. (A 3 ). -
Mayor Joseph K. Carson today asked
governors of the three Coastal states
and mayors of seaport cities to join
him in an appeal to (he National
Administration to assume complete
jurisdiction in Ihe longshoremen':;
con< i oversy.
PORTLAND, Ore., May 31. (A 3 ). -
Mayor Joseph K. Carson today asked
governors of the three Coastal states
and mayors of seaport cities to join
him in an appeal to (he National
Administration to assume complete
jurisdiction in Ihe longshoremen':;
con< i oversy.
PORTLAND, Ore., May 31. (A 3 ). -
Mayor Joseph K. Carson today asked
governors of the three Coastal states
and mayors of seaport cities to join
him in an appeal to (he National
Administration to assume complete
jurisdiction in Ihe longshoremen':;
con< i oversy.
PORTLAND, Ore., May 31. (A 3 ). -
Mayor Joseph K. Carson today asked
governors of the three Coastal states
and mayors of seaport cities to join
him in an appeal to (he National
Administration to assume complete
jurisdiction in Ihe longshoremen':;
con< i oversy.
PORTLAND, Ore., May 31. (A 3 ). -
Mayor Joseph K. Carson today asked
governors of the three Coastal states
and mayors of seaport cities to join
him in an appeal to (he National
Administration to assume complete
jurisdiction in Ihe longshoremen':;
con< i oversy.
PORTLAND, Ore., May 31. (A 3 ). -
Mayor Joseph K. Carson today asked
governors of the three Coastal states
and mayors of seaport cities to join
him in an appeal to (he National
Administration to assume complete
jurisdiction in Ihe longshoremen':;
con< i oversy.
PORTLAND, Ore., May 31. (A 3 ). -
Mayor Joseph K. Carson today asked
governors of the three Coastal states
and mayors of seaport cities to join
him in an appeal to (he National
Administration to assume complete
jurisdiction in Ihe longshoremen':;
con< i oversy.
PORTLAND, Ore., May 31. (A 3 ). -
Mayor Joseph K. Carson today asked
governors of the three Coastal states
and mayors of seaport cities to join
him in an appeal to (he National
Administration to assume complete
jurisdiction in Ihe longshoremen':;
con< i oversy.
PORTLAND, Ore., May 31. (A 3 ). -
Mayor Joseph K. Carson today asked
governors of the three Coastal states
and mayors of seaport cities to join
him in an appeal to (he National
Administration to assume complete
jurisdiction in Ihe longshoremen':;
con< i oversy.
PORTLAND, Ore., May 31. (A 3 ). -
Mayor Joseph K. Carson today asked
governors of the three Coastal states
and mayors of seaport cities to join
him in an appeal to (he National
Administration to assume complete
jurisdiction in Ihe longshoremen':;
con< i oversy.
PORTLAND, Ore., May 31. (A 3 ). -
Mayor Joseph K. Carson today asked
governors of the three Coastal states
and mayors of seaport cities to join
him in an appeal to (he National
Administration to assume complete
jurisdiction in Ihe longshoremen':;
con< i oversy.
