# CHICAGO DISASTER REFUGEES
## 
### 

Hundreds fled their homes and frantically moved furniture and other
belongings to places of safety as the huge $10,000,000 Chicago stock-yards'
fire threatened or burned residences. Here is an evictcd family which was
forced to move into the street. (Associated Press Photo)

Hundreds fled their homes and frantically moved furniture and other
belongings to places of safety as the huge $10,000,000 Chicago stock-yards'
fire threatened or burned residences. Here is an evictcd family which was
forced to move into the street. (Associated Press Photo)

Hundreds fled their homes and frantically moved furniture and other
belongings to places of safety as the huge $10,000,000 Chicago stock-yards'
fire threatened or burned residences. Here is an evictcd family which was
forced to move into the street. (Associated Press Photo)

Hundreds fled their homes and frantically moved furniture and other
belongings to places of safety as the huge $10,000,000 Chicago stock-yards'
fire threatened or burned residences. Here is an evictcd family which was
forced to move into the street. (Associated Press Photo)

Hundreds fled their homes and frantically moved furniture and other
belongings to places of safety as the huge $10,000,000 Chicago stock-yards'
fire threatened or burned residences. Here is an evictcd family which was
forced to move into the street. (Associated Press Photo)

Hundreds fled their homes and frantically moved furniture and other
belongings to places of safety as the huge $10,000,000 Chicago stock-yards'
fire threatened or burned residences. Here is an evictcd family which was
forced to move into the street. (Associated Press Photo)

Hundreds fled their homes and frantically moved furniture and other
belongings to places of safety as the huge $10,000,000 Chicago stock-yards'
fire threatened or burned residences. Here is an evictcd family which was
forced to move into the street. (Associated Press Photo)

Hundreds fled their homes and frantically moved furniture and other
belongings to places of safety as the huge $10,000,000 Chicago stock-yards'
fire threatened or burned residences. Here is an evictcd family which was
forced to move into the street. (Associated Press Photo)

Hundreds fled their homes and frantically moved furniture and other
belongings to places of safety as the huge $10,000,000 Chicago stock-yards'
fire threatened or burned residences. Here is an evictcd family which was
forced to move into the street. (Associated Press Photo)

Hundreds fled their homes and frantically moved furniture and other
belongings to places of safety as the huge $10,000,000 Chicago stock-yards'
fire threatened or burned residences. Here is an evictcd family which was
forced to move into the street. (Associated Press Photo)

Hundreds fled their homes and frantically moved furniture and other
belongings to places of safety as the huge $10,000,000 Chicago stock-yards'
fire threatened or burned residences. Here is an evictcd family which was
forced to move into the street. (Associated Press Photo)

Hundreds fled their homes and frantically moved furniture and other
belongings to places of safety as the huge $10,000,000 Chicago stock-yards'
fire threatened or burned residences. Here is an evictcd family which was
forced to move into the street. (Associated Press Photo)

Hundreds fled their homes and frantically moved furniture and other
belongings to places of safety as the huge $10,000,000 Chicago stock-yards'
fire threatened or burned residences. Here is an evictcd family which was
forced to move into the street. (Associated Press Photo)

Hundreds fled their homes and frantically moved furniture and other
belongings to places of safety as the huge $10,000,000 Chicago stock-yards'
fire threatened or burned residences. Here is an evictcd family which was
forced to move into the street. (Associated Press Photo)
