# FACULTY LUNCHEON
## 
### 
Honoring Dr. Howard Judson Hall,
retiring professor of English, the
faculty of the department will meet
for luncheon at 12:30 o'clock to
morrow ill Toyon Lodge, Saratoga.
Honoring Dr. Howard Judson Hall,
retiring professor of English, the
faculty of the department will meet
for luncheon at 12:30 o'clock to
morrow ill Toyon Lodge, Saratoga.
Honoring Dr. Howard Judson Hall,
retiring professor of English, the
faculty of the department will meet
for luncheon at 12:30 o'clock to
morrow ill Toyon Lodge, Saratoga.
Honoring Dr. Howard Judson Hall,
retiring professor of English, the
faculty of the department will meet
for luncheon at 12:30 o'clock to
morrow ill Toyon Lodge, Saratoga.
Honoring Dr. Howard Judson Hall,
retiring professor of English, the
faculty of the department will meet
for luncheon at 12:30 o'clock to
morrow ill Toyon Lodge, Saratoga.
Honoring Dr. Howard Judson Hall,
retiring professor of English, the
faculty of the department will meet
for luncheon at 12:30 o'clock to
morrow ill Toyon Lodge, Saratoga.
Honoring Dr. Howard Judson Hall,
retiring professor of English, the
faculty of the department will meet
for luncheon at 12:30 o'clock to
morrow ill Toyon Lodge, Saratoga.
Honoring Dr. Howard Judson Hall,
retiring professor of English, the
faculty of the department will meet
for luncheon at 12:30 o'clock to
morrow ill Toyon Lodge, Saratoga.
Honoring Dr. Howard Judson Hall,
retiring professor of English, the
faculty of the department will meet
for luncheon at 12:30 o'clock to
morrow ill Toyon Lodge, Saratoga.
Honoring Dr. Howard Judson Hall,
retiring professor of English, the
faculty of the department will meet
for luncheon at 12:30 o'clock to
morrow ill Toyon Lodge, Saratoga.
Honoring Dr. Howard Judson Hall,
retiring professor of English, the
faculty of the department will meet
for luncheon at 12:30 o'clock to
morrow ill Toyon Lodge, Saratoga.
Honoring Dr. Howard Judson Hall,
retiring professor of English, the
faculty of the department will meet
for luncheon at 12:30 o'clock to
morrow ill Toyon Lodge, Saratoga.
Honoring Dr. Howard Judson Hall,
retiring professor of English, the
faculty of the department will meet
for luncheon at 12:30 o'clock to
morrow ill Toyon Lodge, Saratoga.
Honoring Dr. Howard Judson Hall,
retiring professor of English, the
faculty of the department will meet
for luncheon at 12:30 o'clock to
morrow ill Toyon Lodge, Saratoga.
