# INTERNATIONAL MEET IN LOS ANGELES MAY TURN INTO OLYMPIAD
## 
### 
That Los Angeles hold the 1923 in
ternational track and field games as
late in the year as possible so that
they may be converted into the 1924
Olympiad in case France is unable to
hold it, was suggested by M. le Baron
Pierre de Coubertin, president of the
International Olympic committee, in a
lrtter to William May Garland, Los
Angeles member of the Olympic games
committee.
It is believed that in case conditions
abroad —financial, or otherwise —pre-
vent the holding of the 1924 Olympiad
in Paris as scheduled, then it can logi
cally be held in the new Los Angeles
stadium by postponing the dedication
event until 1924. The new Los An
geles stadium is half completed, and
will seat 65,000 parsons when finished.
That Los Angeles hold the 1923 in
ternational track and field games as
late in the year as possible so that
they may be converted into the 1924
Olympiad in case France is unable to
hold it, was suggested by M. le Baron
Pierre de Coubertin, president of the
International Olympic committee, in a
lrtter to William May Garland, Los
Angeles member of the Olympic games
committee.
It is believed that in case conditions
abroad —financial, or otherwise —pre-
vent the holding of the 1924 Olympiad
in Paris as scheduled, then it can logi
cally be held in the new Los Angeles
stadium by postponing the dedication
event until 1924. The new Los An
geles stadium is half completed, and
will seat 65,000 parsons when finished.
That Los Angeles hold the 1923 in
ternational track and field games as
late in the year as possible so that
they may be converted into the 1924
Olympiad in case France is unable to
hold it, was suggested by M. le Baron
Pierre de Coubertin, president of the
International Olympic committee, in a
lrtter to William May Garland, Los
Angeles member of the Olympic games
committee.
It is believed that in case conditions
abroad —financial, or otherwise —pre-
vent the holding of the 1924 Olympiad
in Paris as scheduled, then it can logi
cally be held in the new Los Angeles
stadium by postponing the dedication
event until 1924. The new Los An
geles stadium is half completed, and
will seat 65,000 parsons when finished.
That Los Angeles hold the 1923 in
ternational track and field games as
late in the year as possible so that
they may be converted into the 1924
Olympiad in case France is unable to
hold it, was suggested by M. le Baron
Pierre de Coubertin, president of the
International Olympic committee, in a
lrtter to William May Garland, Los
Angeles member of the Olympic games
committee.
It is believed that in case conditions
abroad —financial, or otherwise —pre-
vent the holding of the 1924 Olympiad
in Paris as scheduled, then it can logi
cally be held in the new Los Angeles
stadium by postponing the dedication
event until 1924. The new Los An
geles stadium is half completed, and
will seat 65,000 parsons when finished.
That Los Angeles hold the 1923 in
ternational track and field games as
late in the year as possible so that
they may be converted into the 1924
Olympiad in case France is unable to
hold it, was suggested by M. le Baron
Pierre de Coubertin, president of the
International Olympic committee, in a
lrtter to William May Garland, Los
Angeles member of the Olympic games
committee.
It is believed that in case conditions
abroad —financial, or otherwise —pre-
vent the holding of the 1924 Olympiad
in Paris as scheduled, then it can logi
cally be held in the new Los Angeles
stadium by postponing the dedication
event until 1924. The new Los An
geles stadium is half completed, and
will seat 65,000 parsons when finished.
That Los Angeles hold the 1923 in
ternational track and field games as
late in the year as possible so that
they may be converted into the 1924
Olympiad in case France is unable to
hold it, was suggested by M. le Baron
Pierre de Coubertin, president of the
International Olympic committee, in a
lrtter to William May Garland, Los
Angeles member of the Olympic games
committee.
It is believed that in case conditions
abroad —financial, or otherwise —pre-
vent the holding of the 1924 Olympiad
in Paris as scheduled, then it can logi
cally be held in the new Los Angeles
stadium by postponing the dedication
event until 1924. The new Los An
geles stadium is half completed, and
will seat 65,000 parsons when finished.
That Los Angeles hold the 1923 in
ternational track and field games as
late in the year as possible so that
they may be converted into the 1924
Olympiad in case France is unable to
hold it, was suggested by M. le Baron
Pierre de Coubertin, president of the
International Olympic committee, in a
lrtter to William May Garland, Los
Angeles member of the Olympic games
committee.
It is believed that in case conditions
abroad —financial, or otherwise —pre-
vent the holding of the 1924 Olympiad
in Paris as scheduled, then it can logi
cally be held in the new Los Angeles
stadium by postponing the dedication
event until 1924. The new Los An
geles stadium is half completed, and
will seat 65,000 parsons when finished.
That Los Angeles hold the 1923 in
ternational track and field games as
late in the year as possible so that
they may be converted into the 1924
Olympiad in case France is unable to
hold it, was suggested by M. le Baron
Pierre de Coubertin, president of the
International Olympic committee, in a
lrtter to William May Garland, Los
Angeles member of the Olympic games
committee.
It is believed that in case conditions
abroad —financial, or otherwise —pre-
vent the holding of the 1924 Olympiad
in Paris as scheduled, then it can logi
cally be held in the new Los Angeles
stadium by postponing the dedication
event until 1924. The new Los An
geles stadium is half completed, and
will seat 65,000 parsons when finished.
That Los Angeles hold the 1923 in
ternational track and field games as
late in the year as possible so that
they may be converted into the 1924
Olympiad in case France is unable to
hold it, was suggested by M. le Baron
Pierre de Coubertin, president of the
International Olympic committee, in a
lrtter to William May Garland, Los
Angeles member of the Olympic games
committee.
It is believed that in case conditions
abroad —financial, or otherwise —pre-
vent the holding of the 1924 Olympiad
in Paris as scheduled, then it can logi
cally be held in the new Los Angeles
stadium by postponing the dedication
event until 1924. The new Los An
geles stadium is half completed, and
will seat 65,000 parsons when finished.
That Los Angeles hold the 1923 in
ternational track and field games as
late in the year as possible so that
they may be converted into the 1924
Olympiad in case France is unable to
hold it, was suggested by M. le Baron
Pierre de Coubertin, president of the
International Olympic committee, in a
lrtter to William May Garland, Los
Angeles member of the Olympic games
committee.
It is believed that in case conditions
abroad —financial, or otherwise —pre-
vent the holding of the 1924 Olympiad
in Paris as scheduled, then it can logi
cally be held in the new Los Angeles
stadium by postponing the dedication
event until 1924. The new Los An
geles stadium is half completed, and
will seat 65,000 parsons when finished.
That Los Angeles hold the 1923 in
ternational track and field games as
late in the year as possible so that
they may be converted into the 1924
Olympiad in case France is unable to
hold it, was suggested by M. le Baron
Pierre de Coubertin, president of the
International Olympic committee, in a
lrtter to William May Garland, Los
Angeles member of the Olympic games
committee.
It is believed that in case conditions
abroad —financial, or otherwise —pre-
vent the holding of the 1924 Olympiad
in Paris as scheduled, then it can logi
cally be held in the new Los Angeles
stadium by postponing the dedication
event until 1924. The new Los An
geles stadium is half completed, and
will seat 65,000 parsons when finished.
That Los Angeles hold the 1923 in
ternational track and field games as
late in the year as possible so that
they may be converted into the 1924
Olympiad in case France is unable to
hold it, was suggested by M. le Baron
Pierre de Coubertin, president of the
International Olympic committee, in a
lrtter to William May Garland, Los
Angeles member of the Olympic games
committee.
It is believed that in case conditions
abroad —financial, or otherwise —pre-
vent the holding of the 1924 Olympiad
in Paris as scheduled, then it can logi
cally be held in the new Los Angeles
stadium by postponing the dedication
event until 1924. The new Los An
geles stadium is half completed, and
will seat 65,000 parsons when finished.
That Los Angeles hold the 1923 in
ternational track and field games as
late in the year as possible so that
they may be converted into the 1924
Olympiad in case France is unable to
hold it, was suggested by M. le Baron
Pierre de Coubertin, president of the
International Olympic committee, in a
lrtter to William May Garland, Los
Angeles member of the Olympic games
committee.
It is believed that in case conditions
abroad —financial, or otherwise —pre-
vent the holding of the 1924 Olympiad
in Paris as scheduled, then it can logi
cally be held in the new Los Angeles
stadium by postponing the dedication
event until 1924. The new Los An
geles stadium is half completed, and
will seat 65,000 parsons when finished.
That Los Angeles hold the 1923 in
ternational track and field games as
late in the year as possible so that
they may be converted into the 1924
Olympiad in case France is unable to
hold it, was suggested by M. le Baron
Pierre de Coubertin, president of the
International Olympic committee, in a
lrtter to William May Garland, Los
Angeles member of the Olympic games
committee.
It is believed that in case conditions
abroad —financial, or otherwise —pre-
vent the holding of the 1924 Olympiad
in Paris as scheduled, then it can logi
cally be held in the new Los Angeles
stadium by postponing the dedication
event until 1924. The new Los An
geles stadium is half completed, and
will seat 65,000 parsons when finished.
