# Disband the PCC
## 
### 
Amidst tin* repercussions and confusion which
have followed statements by California, UCLA
and USC that they plan to bolt the Pacific
Coast Conference, il appears to us that the
proposal of the I niversits of Washington is
one which should bear careful consideration.
Shortly after the withdrawal announcements
of Dec. 13, UW proposed that the PCC disband
al its regularly scheduled spring meeting. A
few days later. Stanford announced that il
would remain in I lie conference, at least tem
porarily, because of conference commitments,
previously scheduled events, and so forth.
Stanford's statement was a reasonable one—
leaving open the question of whelher the school
would or would not eventually leave the con
ference. but still maintaining a degree of calm
ness and thought-before-aclion. Unfortunately.
Stanford's consideration for tying up confer
ence loose ends has resulted in il still being in
a league that is on its lasl legs.
If, however, W ashington can persuade four
other conference members to vote with it in
abolishing the conference this spring, the Stan
ford objective of finishing unfinished business
will be accomplished and at the same time the
nine member schools will he free to begin work
on establishment of new policies and associa
tions without the hindrance of a lame-duck
league.
Insofar as scheduling of dual events is con
cerned. those which have alreadv been con
tracted for within the framework of the con
ference can certainlv be carried out as eflec

lively even though the participating schools
would he independents.
It is true that all-league meets in such sports
as track would in<»sl prohahly not he held for
a year or two, hut il also appears true that
meets of this nature will suffer a similar fate
later even if the I'CC should wait a year before
it breaks up. Thus, why not get the ad justment
period over with now and take steps as rapidl\
as possible to constitute a new organization? *
Dispensation of the conference treasury can
certainlv he arranged for this spring as easily
as next: and schools which will meet each other
in competition can exchange eligibility infor
mation directl\ almost as easily as through the
framework of the conference offices.
It is evident we feel the PCC will break up
when the three California schools withdraw.
Washington has already said it will follow suit
if the loop does not disband, and we do not
think Stanford is going to let itself he content
to exist in a league with only Oregon State,
Oregon, W ashington State and Idaho. Hence,
break-up seems inevitable; reorganization of a
circuit of some type appears almost as in
evitable.
I.ct's, then, gel rid of the outmoded, and set
machinery in action for creation of what we
hope will be a conference of trust, keen com
petition and schools of high academic standing.
We think Stanford can best help this to
happen by supporting the University of Wash
ington in its move to bring about orderly dis
bandment of the Pacific Coast Conference.
