# New Bookstore Directors Named
## 
### 
Four new men were elected
to the Board of Directors of the
Bookstore at the annual meet
ing of members on Dec. 3.
Virgil K. Whitaker, professor
of English, was elected presi
dent of the new board. Also
elected were Howard M. Bacon,
professor of Mathematics; Phil
ip H. Rhinelander, Dean of the
School of Humanities and Sci
ences; and Raynard C. Swank,
Director of University Libra
ries.
Elected to carry on for an ad
ditional year was Samuel D.
Thurinan Jr., professor of law.
The new directors will serve
for one year. Also a member
of the board, but without vote,
is the president of the ASSU,
Jim Messinger.
