# Untitled Article
## 
### 

"Perhaps you might wish to negotiate with the
students in a more neutral setting such as Hanoi
or Washington..."

"Perhaps you might wish to negotiate with the
students in a more neutral setting such as Hanoi
or Washington..."

"Perhaps you might wish to negotiate with the
students in a more neutral setting such as Hanoi
or Washington..."

"Perhaps you might wish to negotiate with the
students in a more neutral setting such as Hanoi
or Washington..."

"Perhaps you might wish to negotiate with the
students in a more neutral setting such as Hanoi
or Washington..."

"Perhaps you might wish to negotiate with the
students in a more neutral setting such as Hanoi
or Washington..."

"Perhaps you might wish to negotiate with the
students in a more neutral setting such as Hanoi
or Washington..."

"Perhaps you might wish to negotiate with the
students in a more neutral setting such as Hanoi
or Washington..."

"Perhaps you might wish to negotiate with the
students in a more neutral setting such as Hanoi
or Washington..."

"Perhaps you might wish to negotiate with the
students in a more neutral setting such as Hanoi
or Washington..."

"Perhaps you might wish to negotiate with the
students in a more neutral setting such as Hanoi
or Washington..."

"Perhaps you might wish to negotiate with the
students in a more neutral setting such as Hanoi
or Washington..."

"Perhaps you might wish to negotiate with the
students in a more neutral setting such as Hanoi
or Washington..."

"Perhaps you might wish to negotiate with the
students in a more neutral setting such as Hanoi
or Washington..."
