# ORCHESIS WILL MEET
## 
### 
Orchesis, women's dancing society,
will hold a meeting at 5 o'clock this
afternoon in the dance pavilion.
Orchesis, women's dancing society,
will hold a meeting at 5 o'clock this
afternoon in the dance pavilion.
Orchesis, women's dancing society,
will hold a meeting at 5 o'clock this
afternoon in the dance pavilion.
Orchesis, women's dancing society,
will hold a meeting at 5 o'clock this
afternoon in the dance pavilion.
Orchesis, women's dancing society,
will hold a meeting at 5 o'clock this
afternoon in the dance pavilion.
Orchesis, women's dancing society,
will hold a meeting at 5 o'clock this
afternoon in the dance pavilion.
Orchesis, women's dancing society,
will hold a meeting at 5 o'clock this
afternoon in the dance pavilion.
Orchesis, women's dancing society,
will hold a meeting at 5 o'clock this
afternoon in the dance pavilion.
Orchesis, women's dancing society,
will hold a meeting at 5 o'clock this
afternoon in the dance pavilion.
Orchesis, women's dancing society,
will hold a meeting at 5 o'clock this
afternoon in the dance pavilion.
Orchesis, women's dancing society,
will hold a meeting at 5 o'clock this
afternoon in the dance pavilion.
Orchesis, women's dancing society,
will hold a meeting at 5 o'clock this
afternoon in the dance pavilion.
Orchesis, women's dancing society,
will hold a meeting at 5 o'clock this
afternoon in the dance pavilion.
Orchesis, women's dancing society,
will hold a meeting at 5 o'clock this
afternoon in the dance pavilion.
Orchesis, women's dancing society,
will hold a meeting at 5 o'clock this
afternoon in the dance pavilion.
