# THE 						THREE BAERS ON A BIKE
## 
### 

A bicycle was fountl at Asbury Park, N. J., big enough to accom
modate three Baers. Maxie, at the helm, is pedaling toward his title
bout with Primo Camera, accompanied by Papa (center) and Brother
Bud, (Associated Press Photo)

A bicycle was fountl at Asbury Park, N. J., big enough to accom
modate three Baers. Maxie, at the helm, is pedaling toward his title
bout with Primo Camera, accompanied by Papa (center) and Brother
Bud, (Associated Press Photo)

A bicycle was fountl at Asbury Park, N. J., big enough to accom
modate three Baers. Maxie, at the helm, is pedaling toward his title
bout with Primo Camera, accompanied by Papa (center) and Brother
Bud, (Associated Press Photo)

A bicycle was fountl at Asbury Park, N. J., big enough to accom
modate three Baers. Maxie, at the helm, is pedaling toward his title
bout with Primo Camera, accompanied by Papa (center) and Brother
Bud, (Associated Press Photo)

A bicycle was fountl at Asbury Park, N. J., big enough to accom
modate three Baers. Maxie, at the helm, is pedaling toward his title
bout with Primo Camera, accompanied by Papa (center) and Brother
Bud, (Associated Press Photo)

A bicycle was fountl at Asbury Park, N. J., big enough to accom
modate three Baers. Maxie, at the helm, is pedaling toward his title
bout with Primo Camera, accompanied by Papa (center) and Brother
Bud, (Associated Press Photo)

A bicycle was fountl at Asbury Park, N. J., big enough to accom
modate three Baers. Maxie, at the helm, is pedaling toward his title
bout with Primo Camera, accompanied by Papa (center) and Brother
Bud, (Associated Press Photo)

A bicycle was fountl at Asbury Park, N. J., big enough to accom
modate three Baers. Maxie, at the helm, is pedaling toward his title
bout with Primo Camera, accompanied by Papa (center) and Brother
Bud, (Associated Press Photo)

A bicycle was fountl at Asbury Park, N. J., big enough to accom
modate three Baers. Maxie, at the helm, is pedaling toward his title
bout with Primo Camera, accompanied by Papa (center) and Brother
Bud, (Associated Press Photo)

A bicycle was fountl at Asbury Park, N. J., big enough to accom
modate three Baers. Maxie, at the helm, is pedaling toward his title
bout with Primo Camera, accompanied by Papa (center) and Brother
Bud, (Associated Press Photo)

A bicycle was fountl at Asbury Park, N. J., big enough to accom
modate three Baers. Maxie, at the helm, is pedaling toward his title
bout with Primo Camera, accompanied by Papa (center) and Brother
Bud, (Associated Press Photo)

A bicycle was fountl at Asbury Park, N. J., big enough to accom
modate three Baers. Maxie, at the helm, is pedaling toward his title
bout with Primo Camera, accompanied by Papa (center) and Brother
Bud, (Associated Press Photo)

A bicycle was fountl at Asbury Park, N. J., big enough to accom
modate three Baers. Maxie, at the helm, is pedaling toward his title
bout with Primo Camera, accompanied by Papa (center) and Brother
Bud, (Associated Press Photo)

A bicycle was fountl at Asbury Park, N. J., big enough to accom
modate three Baers. Maxie, at the helm, is pedaling toward his title
bout with Primo Camera, accompanied by Papa (center) and Brother
Bud, (Associated Press Photo)

A bicycle was fountl at Asbury Park, N. J., big enough to accom
modate three Baers. Maxie, at the helm, is pedaling toward his title
bout with Primo Camera, accompanied by Papa (center) and Brother
Bud, (Associated Press Photo)
