# DAHLE HURLS TWO WIN'S
## 
### 
Dave Dahle, one of four former
Stanford hurlers now toiling in pro
fessional baseball, snared two more
victories last week to run his sea
son record with Wenatchee of the
Western International League to 9
wins, 3 losses.
Dave Dahle, one of four former
Stanford hurlers now toiling in pro
fessional baseball, snared two more
victories last week to run his sea
son record with Wenatchee of the
Western International League to 9
wins, 3 losses.
Dave Dahle, one of four former
Stanford hurlers now toiling in pro
fessional baseball, snared two more
victories last week to run his sea
son record with Wenatchee of the
Western International League to 9
wins, 3 losses.
Dave Dahle, one of four former
Stanford hurlers now toiling in pro
fessional baseball, snared two more
victories last week to run his sea
son record with Wenatchee of the
Western International League to 9
wins, 3 losses.
Dave Dahle, one of four former
Stanford hurlers now toiling in pro
fessional baseball, snared two more
victories last week to run his sea
son record with Wenatchee of the
Western International League to 9
wins, 3 losses.
Dave Dahle, one of four former
Stanford hurlers now toiling in pro
fessional baseball, snared two more
victories last week to run his sea
son record with Wenatchee of the
Western International League to 9
wins, 3 losses.
Dave Dahle, one of four former
Stanford hurlers now toiling in pro
fessional baseball, snared two more
victories last week to run his sea
son record with Wenatchee of the
Western International League to 9
wins, 3 losses.
Dave Dahle, one of four former
Stanford hurlers now toiling in pro
fessional baseball, snared two more
victories last week to run his sea
son record with Wenatchee of the
Western International League to 9
wins, 3 losses.
Dave Dahle, one of four former
Stanford hurlers now toiling in pro
fessional baseball, snared two more
victories last week to run his sea
son record with Wenatchee of the
Western International League to 9
wins, 3 losses.
Dave Dahle, one of four former
Stanford hurlers now toiling in pro
fessional baseball, snared two more
victories last week to run his sea
son record with Wenatchee of the
Western International League to 9
wins, 3 losses.
Dave Dahle, one of four former
Stanford hurlers now toiling in pro
fessional baseball, snared two more
victories last week to run his sea
son record with Wenatchee of the
Western International League to 9
wins, 3 losses.
Dave Dahle, one of four former
Stanford hurlers now toiling in pro
fessional baseball, snared two more
victories last week to run his sea
son record with Wenatchee of the
Western International League to 9
wins, 3 losses.
Dave Dahle, one of four former
Stanford hurlers now toiling in pro
fessional baseball, snared two more
victories last week to run his sea
son record with Wenatchee of the
Western International League to 9
wins, 3 losses.
Dave Dahle, one of four former
Stanford hurlers now toiling in pro
fessional baseball, snared two more
victories last week to run his sea
son record with Wenatchee of the
Western International League to 9
wins, 3 losses.
Dave Dahle, one of four former
Stanford hurlers now toiling in pro
fessional baseball, snared two more
victories last week to run his sea
son record with Wenatchee of the
Western International League to 9
wins, 3 losses.
Dave Dahle, one of four former
Stanford hurlers now toiling in pro
fessional baseball, snared two more
victories last week to run his sea
son record with Wenatchee of the
Western International League to 9
wins, 3 losses.
