# Peninsula Youth Drowns in Lake
## 
### 
Lake Lagunita, officially closed
the last month, claimed a young
drowning victim last Thursday af
ternoon in the person of Peter Lus
combe, 10. of Menlo Park.
Peter was wading in the shallows
near the boathouse with Jackie Al
bee. also 10, when he stepped off
into a deep hole and went under.
As Jackie was trying vainly to
pull him out, several other young
sters pedaled up on bicycles; and
one of them, Henry George, 12. of
Palo Alto, went to the Stanford
Fire Department for help.
Student fireman George Parks,
member of a four-man rescue team
which answered the alarm, pulled
the boy out.
The fireman administered artifi
cial respiration and oxygen and
called tne Palo Alto Hospital am
bulance.
Resuscitation attempts were COQ
tinued in the ambulance, but Peter
was pronounced dead at the hospi
tal by Dr. Austin Clark of the
Stanford Health Service,
