# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tomorrow will be a busy day in
athletic activities. The finals for
the Mary Roberts Smith cup will
be played on the Roble tennis
courts. With the track meet in the
morning and the baseball game in
the afternoon an opportunity will
be offered to the students to show
their interest by a liberal attend
ance. The early part of the week
the Daily I'alo Alto deplored the
smallness of the crowd at last Sat
urday's meet and the fact that
among a large number of students
there is an apparent unwillingness
to pay for the privilege of watching
the baseball games. Tomorrow
morning those who sit on the oval
bleachers should be numbered by
the hundred. It the afternoon not
one should stand on the sidelines
and refuse to buy a ticket.
