# Adv. 12 Page 4
## 
### 
The Clothes of a Gentleman
here, in Little Old New
York and in Great London
Town. They fit, they have
world-wide style;
STEIN-BLOCK
OVERCOATS
at home, here and here
after.
The Clothes of a Gentleman
here, in Little Old New
York and in Great London
Town. They fit, they have
world-wide style;
STEIN-BLOCK
OVERCOATS
at home, here and here
after.
The Clothes of a Gentleman
here, in Little Old New
York and in Great London
Town. They fit, they have
world-wide style;
STEIN-BLOCK
OVERCOATS
at home, here and here
after.
The Clothes of a Gentleman
here, in Little Old New
York and in Great London
Town. They fit, they have
world-wide style;
STEIN-BLOCK
OVERCOATS
at home, here and here
after.
The Clothes of a Gentleman
here, in Little Old New
York and in Great London
Town. They fit, they have
world-wide style;
STEIN-BLOCK
OVERCOATS
at home, here and here
after.
The Clothes of a Gentleman
here, in Little Old New
York and in Great London
Town. They fit, they have
world-wide style;
STEIN-BLOCK
OVERCOATS
at home, here and here
after.
The Clothes of a Gentleman
here, in Little Old New
York and in Great London
Town. They fit, they have
world-wide style;
STEIN-BLOCK
OVERCOATS
at home, here and here
after.
The Clothes of a Gentleman
here, in Little Old New
York and in Great London
Town. They fit, they have
world-wide style;
STEIN-BLOCK
OVERCOATS
at home, here and here
after.
The Clothes of a Gentleman
here, in Little Old New
York and in Great London
Town. They fit, they have
world-wide style;
STEIN-BLOCK
OVERCOATS
at home, here and here
after.
The Clothes of a Gentleman
here, in Little Old New
York and in Great London
Town. They fit, they have
world-wide style;
STEIN-BLOCK
OVERCOATS
at home, here and here
after.
The Clothes of a Gentleman
here, in Little Old New
York and in Great London
Town. They fit, they have
world-wide style;
STEIN-BLOCK
OVERCOATS
at home, here and here
after.
