# Glee Club Will Lead Singing.
## 
### 
The Glee Club will lead the singing
of the new football songs on the
bleachers at practice to-morrow after
noon. This will give every one an
excellent opportunity to become fami
liar with these songs. The Glee Club
will hold a special meeting this eve
ning to practice them. W. Achi, '12,
a member of the Combined Musical
Clubs, will accompany (lie singing to
morrow afternoon on the cello.
Achi has orchestrated his football
march, which won (he prize for the
best song, and this will make it pos
sible for the entire band to play the
piece.
The Glee Club will lead the singing
of the new football songs on the
bleachers at practice to-morrow after
noon. This will give every one an
excellent opportunity to become fami
liar with these songs. The Glee Club
will hold a special meeting this eve
ning to practice them. W. Achi, '12,
a member of the Combined Musical
Clubs, will accompany (lie singing to
morrow afternoon on the cello.
Achi has orchestrated his football
march, which won (he prize for the
best song, and this will make it pos
sible for the entire band to play the
piece.
The Glee Club will lead the singing
of the new football songs on the
bleachers at practice to-morrow after
noon. This will give every one an
excellent opportunity to become fami
liar with these songs. The Glee Club
will hold a special meeting this eve
ning to practice them. W. Achi, '12,
a member of the Combined Musical
Clubs, will accompany (lie singing to
morrow afternoon on the cello.
Achi has orchestrated his football
march, which won (he prize for the
best song, and this will make it pos
sible for the entire band to play the
piece.
The Glee Club will lead the singing
of the new football songs on the
bleachers at practice to-morrow after
noon. This will give every one an
excellent opportunity to become fami
liar with these songs. The Glee Club
will hold a special meeting this eve
ning to practice them. W. Achi, '12,
a member of the Combined Musical
Clubs, will accompany (lie singing to
morrow afternoon on the cello.
Achi has orchestrated his football
march, which won (he prize for the
best song, and this will make it pos
sible for the entire band to play the
piece.
The Glee Club will lead the singing
of the new football songs on the
bleachers at practice to-morrow after
noon. This will give every one an
excellent opportunity to become fami
liar with these songs. The Glee Club
will hold a special meeting this eve
ning to practice them. W. Achi, '12,
a member of the Combined Musical
Clubs, will accompany (lie singing to
morrow afternoon on the cello.
Achi has orchestrated his football
march, which won (he prize for the
best song, and this will make it pos
sible for the entire band to play the
piece.
The Glee Club will lead the singing
of the new football songs on the
bleachers at practice to-morrow after
noon. This will give every one an
excellent opportunity to become fami
liar with these songs. The Glee Club
will hold a special meeting this eve
ning to practice them. W. Achi, '12,
a member of the Combined Musical
Clubs, will accompany (lie singing to
morrow afternoon on the cello.
Achi has orchestrated his football
march, which won (he prize for the
best song, and this will make it pos
sible for the entire band to play the
piece.
The Glee Club will lead the singing
of the new football songs on the
bleachers at practice to-morrow after
noon. This will give every one an
excellent opportunity to become fami
liar with these songs. The Glee Club
will hold a special meeting this eve
ning to practice them. W. Achi, '12,
a member of the Combined Musical
Clubs, will accompany (lie singing to
morrow afternoon on the cello.
Achi has orchestrated his football
march, which won (he prize for the
best song, and this will make it pos
sible for the entire band to play the
piece.
The Glee Club will lead the singing
of the new football songs on the
bleachers at practice to-morrow after
noon. This will give every one an
excellent opportunity to become fami
liar with these songs. The Glee Club
will hold a special meeting this eve
ning to practice them. W. Achi, '12,
a member of the Combined Musical
Clubs, will accompany (lie singing to
morrow afternoon on the cello.
Achi has orchestrated his football
march, which won (he prize for the
best song, and this will make it pos
sible for the entire band to play the
piece.
The Glee Club will lead the singing
of the new football songs on the
bleachers at practice to-morrow after
noon. This will give every one an
excellent opportunity to become fami
liar with these songs. The Glee Club
will hold a special meeting this eve
ning to practice them. W. Achi, '12,
a member of the Combined Musical
Clubs, will accompany (lie singing to
morrow afternoon on the cello.
Achi has orchestrated his football
march, which won (he prize for the
best song, and this will make it pos
sible for the entire band to play the
piece.
The Glee Club will lead the singing
of the new football songs on the
bleachers at practice to-morrow after
noon. This will give every one an
excellent opportunity to become fami
liar with these songs. The Glee Club
will hold a special meeting this eve
ning to practice them. W. Achi, '12,
a member of the Combined Musical
Clubs, will accompany (lie singing to
morrow afternoon on the cello.
Achi has orchestrated his football
march, which won (he prize for the
best song, and this will make it pos
sible for the entire band to play the
piece.
The Glee Club will lead the singing
of the new football songs on the
bleachers at practice to-morrow after
noon. This will give every one an
excellent opportunity to become fami
liar with these songs. The Glee Club
will hold a special meeting this eve
ning to practice them. W. Achi, '12,
a member of the Combined Musical
Clubs, will accompany (lie singing to
morrow afternoon on the cello.
Achi has orchestrated his football
march, which won (he prize for the
best song, and this will make it pos
sible for the entire band to play the
piece.
