# Medical School to Have Quad Space.
## 
### 
Manager C. A. Christin, of the 1911
Quad, is negotiating with the Medical
School for space in the Junior An
nual, and in all probability a depart
ment will be assigned to this new
addition to the University's curricu
lum. This will be an entirely new
feature in Quad material and will
consist of a short history of the Med
ical school together with a resume
of its work and pages devoted to the
faculty, organizations, medical fra
ternities, and other matters of in
terest connected with this department
of the University.
Manager C. A. Christin, of the 1911
Quad, is negotiating with the Medical
School for space in the Junior An
nual, and in all probability a depart
ment will be assigned to this new
addition to the University's curricu
lum. This will be an entirely new
feature in Quad material and will
consist of a short history of the Med
ical school together with a resume
of its work and pages devoted to the
faculty, organizations, medical fra
ternities, and other matters of in
terest connected with this department
of the University.
Manager C. A. Christin, of the 1911
Quad, is negotiating with the Medical
School for space in the Junior An
nual, and in all probability a depart
ment will be assigned to this new
addition to the University's curricu
lum. This will be an entirely new
feature in Quad material and will
consist of a short history of the Med
ical school together with a resume
of its work and pages devoted to the
faculty, organizations, medical fra
ternities, and other matters of in
terest connected with this department
of the University.
Manager C. A. Christin, of the 1911
Quad, is negotiating with the Medical
School for space in the Junior An
nual, and in all probability a depart
ment will be assigned to this new
addition to the University's curricu
lum. This will be an entirely new
feature in Quad material and will
consist of a short history of the Med
ical school together with a resume
of its work and pages devoted to the
faculty, organizations, medical fra
ternities, and other matters of in
terest connected with this department
of the University.
Manager C. A. Christin, of the 1911
Quad, is negotiating with the Medical
School for space in the Junior An
nual, and in all probability a depart
ment will be assigned to this new
addition to the University's curricu
lum. This will be an entirely new
feature in Quad material and will
consist of a short history of the Med
ical school together with a resume
of its work and pages devoted to the
faculty, organizations, medical fra
ternities, and other matters of in
terest connected with this department
of the University.
Manager C. A. Christin, of the 1911
Quad, is negotiating with the Medical
School for space in the Junior An
nual, and in all probability a depart
ment will be assigned to this new
addition to the University's curricu
lum. This will be an entirely new
feature in Quad material and will
consist of a short history of the Med
ical school together with a resume
of its work and pages devoted to the
faculty, organizations, medical fra
ternities, and other matters of in
terest connected with this department
of the University.
Manager C. A. Christin, of the 1911
Quad, is negotiating with the Medical
School for space in the Junior An
nual, and in all probability a depart
ment will be assigned to this new
addition to the University's curricu
lum. This will be an entirely new
feature in Quad material and will
consist of a short history of the Med
ical school together with a resume
of its work and pages devoted to the
faculty, organizations, medical fra
ternities, and other matters of in
terest connected with this department
of the University.
Manager C. A. Christin, of the 1911
Quad, is negotiating with the Medical
School for space in the Junior An
nual, and in all probability a depart
ment will be assigned to this new
addition to the University's curricu
lum. This will be an entirely new
feature in Quad material and will
consist of a short history of the Med
ical school together with a resume
of its work and pages devoted to the
faculty, organizations, medical fra
ternities, and other matters of in
terest connected with this department
of the University.
Manager C. A. Christin, of the 1911
Quad, is negotiating with the Medical
School for space in the Junior An
nual, and in all probability a depart
ment will be assigned to this new
addition to the University's curricu
lum. This will be an entirely new
feature in Quad material and will
consist of a short history of the Med
ical school together with a resume
of its work and pages devoted to the
faculty, organizations, medical fra
ternities, and other matters of in
terest connected with this department
of the University.
Manager C. A. Christin, of the 1911
Quad, is negotiating with the Medical
School for space in the Junior An
nual, and in all probability a depart
ment will be assigned to this new
addition to the University's curricu
lum. This will be an entirely new
feature in Quad material and will
consist of a short history of the Med
ical school together with a resume
of its work and pages devoted to the
faculty, organizations, medical fra
ternities, and other matters of in
terest connected with this department
of the University.
Manager C. A. Christin, of the 1911
Quad, is negotiating with the Medical
School for space in the Junior An
nual, and in all probability a depart
ment will be assigned to this new
addition to the University's curricu
lum. This will be an entirely new
feature in Quad material and will
consist of a short history of the Med
ical school together with a resume
of its work and pages devoted to the
faculty, organizations, medical fra
ternities, and other matters of in
terest connected with this department
of the University.
