# Chaperone Deadline
## 
### 
Nov. 8. 5 p.m.. is the deadline
for all organizations planning to
go on a Big Game overnight to
file, the names of their chaper
ones. Cards must be filled out at
the ASSU office. The office also
has a card file of available
chaperones.
Nov. 8. 5 p.m.. is the deadline
for all organizations planning to
go on a Big Game overnight to
file, the names of their chaper
ones. Cards must be filled out at
the ASSU office. The office also
has a card file of available
chaperones.
Nov. 8. 5 p.m.. is the deadline
for all organizations planning to
go on a Big Game overnight to
file, the names of their chaper
ones. Cards must be filled out at
the ASSU office. The office also
has a card file of available
chaperones.
Nov. 8. 5 p.m.. is the deadline
for all organizations planning to
go on a Big Game overnight to
file, the names of their chaper
ones. Cards must be filled out at
the ASSU office. The office also
has a card file of available
chaperones.
Nov. 8. 5 p.m.. is the deadline
for all organizations planning to
go on a Big Game overnight to
file, the names of their chaper
ones. Cards must be filled out at
the ASSU office. The office also
has a card file of available
chaperones.
Nov. 8. 5 p.m.. is the deadline
for all organizations planning to
go on a Big Game overnight to
file, the names of their chaper
ones. Cards must be filled out at
the ASSU office. The office also
has a card file of available
chaperones.
Nov. 8. 5 p.m.. is the deadline
for all organizations planning to
go on a Big Game overnight to
file, the names of their chaper
ones. Cards must be filled out at
the ASSU office. The office also
has a card file of available
chaperones.
Nov. 8. 5 p.m.. is the deadline
for all organizations planning to
go on a Big Game overnight to
file, the names of their chaper
ones. Cards must be filled out at
the ASSU office. The office also
has a card file of available
chaperones.
Nov. 8. 5 p.m.. is the deadline
for all organizations planning to
go on a Big Game overnight to
file, the names of their chaper
ones. Cards must be filled out at
the ASSU office. The office also
has a card file of available
chaperones.
Nov. 8. 5 p.m.. is the deadline
for all organizations planning to
go on a Big Game overnight to
file, the names of their chaper
ones. Cards must be filled out at
the ASSU office. The office also
has a card file of available
chaperones.
Nov. 8. 5 p.m.. is the deadline
for all organizations planning to
go on a Big Game overnight to
file, the names of their chaper
ones. Cards must be filled out at
the ASSU office. The office also
has a card file of available
chaperones.
Nov. 8. 5 p.m.. is the deadline
for all organizations planning to
go on a Big Game overnight to
file, the names of their chaper
ones. Cards must be filled out at
the ASSU office. The office also
has a card file of available
chaperones.
Nov. 8. 5 p.m.. is the deadline
for all organizations planning to
go on a Big Game overnight to
file, the names of their chaper
ones. Cards must be filled out at
the ASSU office. The office also
has a card file of available
chaperones.
Nov. 8. 5 p.m.. is the deadline
for all organizations planning to
go on a Big Game overnight to
file, the names of their chaper
ones. Cards must be filled out at
the ASSU office. The office also
has a card file of available
chaperones.
Nov. 8. 5 p.m.. is the deadline
for all organizations planning to
go on a Big Game overnight to
file, the names of their chaper
ones. Cards must be filled out at
the ASSU office. The office also
has a card file of available
chaperones.
Nov. 8. 5 p.m.. is the deadline
for all organizations planning to
go on a Big Game overnight to
file, the names of their chaper
ones. Cards must be filled out at
the ASSU office. The office also
has a card file of available
chaperones.
Nov. 8. 5 p.m.. is the deadline
for all organizations planning to
go on a Big Game overnight to
file, the names of their chaper
ones. Cards must be filled out at
the ASSU office. The office also
has a card file of available
chaperones.
Nov. 8. 5 p.m.. is the deadline
for all organizations planning to
go on a Big Game overnight to
file, the names of their chaper
ones. Cards must be filled out at
the ASSU office. The office also
has a card file of available
chaperones.
