# Gophers Prepare For Wolverines
## 
### 
ANN ARBOR, Mich., Oct. 20 (UP).
â€”Two calm, confident men wrestled
with different but related problems
today as Michigan marshaled its
jubilant football players for Satur
day's duel against Minnesota's Big
Ten champions.
Herbert O. (Fritz) Crisler, the
Wolverines' scholarly coach, looked
up long enough from a huddle with
his aides to say he was concerned
about the Golden Gophers' power
house. "We'll be at a big disadvan
tage, you know," he said. "We're
going to have to give away a lot of
weight to Minnesota."
The largest crowd in Michigan
football history was assured today
when the last of 85,753 tickets were
sold out. The previous record was
85.088 who saw Michigan battle Ohio
State just after the 1929 crash.
