# Philosopher To Discuss Russ Crisis
## 
### 
Featured speaker at the regular
session of the Wednesday Luncheon
Club tomorrow will be Professor
Harold C. Brown of the Stanford
philosophy department. His subject:
"What the W;tr is Doing to the Rus
sian People."
Dr. Brown, who has studied and
traveled extensively in Europe, has
been watching the Russian situation
closely, and, according to Miss Pa
tricia Davidson, head of the Lunch
Club's speaker's committee, "is
highly qualified to speak on this
subject."

NEW YORK, Oct. 20 (UP).—An
explosion in a chemistry class at
Columbia University today sent
three persons to Knickerbocker Hos
pital seriously burned and injured
15 others.
Featured speaker at the regular
session of the Wednesday Luncheon
Club tomorrow will be Professor
Harold C. Brown of the Stanford
philosophy department. His subject:
"What the W;tr is Doing to the Rus
sian People."
Dr. Brown, who has studied and
traveled extensively in Europe, has
been watching the Russian situation
closely, and, according to Miss Pa
tricia Davidson, head of the Lunch
Club's speaker's committee, "is
highly qualified to speak on this
subject."

NEW YORK, Oct. 20 (UP).—An
explosion in a chemistry class at
Columbia University today sent
three persons to Knickerbocker Hos
pital seriously burned and injured
15 others.
Featured speaker at the regular
session of the Wednesday Luncheon
Club tomorrow will be Professor
Harold C. Brown of the Stanford
philosophy department. His subject:
"What the W;tr is Doing to the Rus
sian People."
Dr. Brown, who has studied and
traveled extensively in Europe, has
been watching the Russian situation
closely, and, according to Miss Pa
tricia Davidson, head of the Lunch
Club's speaker's committee, "is
highly qualified to speak on this
subject."

NEW YORK, Oct. 20 (UP).—An
explosion in a chemistry class at
Columbia University today sent
three persons to Knickerbocker Hos
pital seriously burned and injured
15 others.
Featured speaker at the regular
session of the Wednesday Luncheon
Club tomorrow will be Professor
Harold C. Brown of the Stanford
philosophy department. His subject:
"What the W;tr is Doing to the Rus
sian People."
Dr. Brown, who has studied and
traveled extensively in Europe, has
been watching the Russian situation
closely, and, according to Miss Pa
tricia Davidson, head of the Lunch
Club's speaker's committee, "is
highly qualified to speak on this
subject."

NEW YORK, Oct. 20 (UP).—An
explosion in a chemistry class at
Columbia University today sent
three persons to Knickerbocker Hos
pital seriously burned and injured
15 others.
Featured speaker at the regular
session of the Wednesday Luncheon
Club tomorrow will be Professor
Harold C. Brown of the Stanford
philosophy department. His subject:
"What the W;tr is Doing to the Rus
sian People."
Dr. Brown, who has studied and
traveled extensively in Europe, has
been watching the Russian situation
closely, and, according to Miss Pa
tricia Davidson, head of the Lunch
Club's speaker's committee, "is
highly qualified to speak on this
subject."

NEW YORK, Oct. 20 (UP).—An
explosion in a chemistry class at
Columbia University today sent
three persons to Knickerbocker Hos
pital seriously burned and injured
15 others.
Featured speaker at the regular
session of the Wednesday Luncheon
Club tomorrow will be Professor
Harold C. Brown of the Stanford
philosophy department. His subject:
"What the W;tr is Doing to the Rus
sian People."
Dr. Brown, who has studied and
traveled extensively in Europe, has
been watching the Russian situation
closely, and, according to Miss Pa
tricia Davidson, head of the Lunch
Club's speaker's committee, "is
highly qualified to speak on this
subject."

NEW YORK, Oct. 20 (UP).—An
explosion in a chemistry class at
Columbia University today sent
three persons to Knickerbocker Hos
pital seriously burned and injured
15 others.
Featured speaker at the regular
session of the Wednesday Luncheon
Club tomorrow will be Professor
Harold C. Brown of the Stanford
philosophy department. His subject:
"What the W;tr is Doing to the Rus
sian People."
Dr. Brown, who has studied and
traveled extensively in Europe, has
been watching the Russian situation
closely, and, according to Miss Pa
tricia Davidson, head of the Lunch
Club's speaker's committee, "is
highly qualified to speak on this
subject."

NEW YORK, Oct. 20 (UP).—An
explosion in a chemistry class at
Columbia University today sent
three persons to Knickerbocker Hos
pital seriously burned and injured
15 others.
Featured speaker at the regular
session of the Wednesday Luncheon
Club tomorrow will be Professor
Harold C. Brown of the Stanford
philosophy department. His subject:
"What the W;tr is Doing to the Rus
sian People."
Dr. Brown, who has studied and
traveled extensively in Europe, has
been watching the Russian situation
closely, and, according to Miss Pa
tricia Davidson, head of the Lunch
Club's speaker's committee, "is
highly qualified to speak on this
subject."

NEW YORK, Oct. 20 (UP).—An
explosion in a chemistry class at
Columbia University today sent
three persons to Knickerbocker Hos
pital seriously burned and injured
15 others.
Featured speaker at the regular
session of the Wednesday Luncheon
Club tomorrow will be Professor
Harold C. Brown of the Stanford
philosophy department. His subject:
"What the W;tr is Doing to the Rus
sian People."
Dr. Brown, who has studied and
traveled extensively in Europe, has
been watching the Russian situation
closely, and, according to Miss Pa
tricia Davidson, head of the Lunch
Club's speaker's committee, "is
highly qualified to speak on this
subject."

NEW YORK, Oct. 20 (UP).—An
explosion in a chemistry class at
Columbia University today sent
three persons to Knickerbocker Hos
pital seriously burned and injured
15 others.
Featured speaker at the regular
session of the Wednesday Luncheon
Club tomorrow will be Professor
Harold C. Brown of the Stanford
philosophy department. His subject:
"What the W;tr is Doing to the Rus
sian People."
Dr. Brown, who has studied and
traveled extensively in Europe, has
been watching the Russian situation
closely, and, according to Miss Pa
tricia Davidson, head of the Lunch
Club's speaker's committee, "is
highly qualified to speak on this
subject."

NEW YORK, Oct. 20 (UP).—An
explosion in a chemistry class at
Columbia University today sent
three persons to Knickerbocker Hos
pital seriously burned and injured
15 others.
Featured speaker at the regular
session of the Wednesday Luncheon
Club tomorrow will be Professor
Harold C. Brown of the Stanford
philosophy department. His subject:
"What the W;tr is Doing to the Rus
sian People."
Dr. Brown, who has studied and
traveled extensively in Europe, has
been watching the Russian situation
closely, and, according to Miss Pa
tricia Davidson, head of the Lunch
Club's speaker's committee, "is
highly qualified to speak on this
subject."

NEW YORK, Oct. 20 (UP).—An
explosion in a chemistry class at
Columbia University today sent
three persons to Knickerbocker Hos
pital seriously burned and injured
15 others.
Featured speaker at the regular
session of the Wednesday Luncheon
Club tomorrow will be Professor
Harold C. Brown of the Stanford
philosophy department. His subject:
"What the W;tr is Doing to the Rus
sian People."
Dr. Brown, who has studied and
traveled extensively in Europe, has
been watching the Russian situation
closely, and, according to Miss Pa
tricia Davidson, head of the Lunch
Club's speaker's committee, "is
highly qualified to speak on this
subject."

NEW YORK, Oct. 20 (UP).—An
explosion in a chemistry class at
Columbia University today sent
three persons to Knickerbocker Hos
pital seriously burned and injured
15 others.
Featured speaker at the regular
session of the Wednesday Luncheon
Club tomorrow will be Professor
Harold C. Brown of the Stanford
philosophy department. His subject:
"What the W;tr is Doing to the Rus
sian People."
Dr. Brown, who has studied and
traveled extensively in Europe, has
been watching the Russian situation
closely, and, according to Miss Pa
tricia Davidson, head of the Lunch
Club's speaker's committee, "is
highly qualified to speak on this
subject."

NEW YORK, Oct. 20 (UP).—An
explosion in a chemistry class at
Columbia University today sent
three persons to Knickerbocker Hos
pital seriously burned and injured
15 others.
Featured speaker at the regular
session of the Wednesday Luncheon
Club tomorrow will be Professor
Harold C. Brown of the Stanford
philosophy department. His subject:
"What the W;tr is Doing to the Rus
sian People."
Dr. Brown, who has studied and
traveled extensively in Europe, has
been watching the Russian situation
closely, and, according to Miss Pa
tricia Davidson, head of the Lunch
Club's speaker's committee, "is
highly qualified to speak on this
subject."

NEW YORK, Oct. 20 (UP).—An
explosion in a chemistry class at
Columbia University today sent
three persons to Knickerbocker Hos
pital seriously burned and injured
15 others.
Featured speaker at the regular
session of the Wednesday Luncheon
Club tomorrow will be Professor
Harold C. Brown of the Stanford
philosophy department. His subject:
"What the W;tr is Doing to the Rus
sian People."
Dr. Brown, who has studied and
traveled extensively in Europe, has
been watching the Russian situation
closely, and, according to Miss Pa
tricia Davidson, head of the Lunch
Club's speaker's committee, "is
highly qualified to speak on this
subject."

NEW YORK, Oct. 20 (UP).—An
explosion in a chemistry class at
Columbia University today sent
three persons to Knickerbocker Hos
pital seriously burned and injured
15 others.
Featured speaker at the regular
session of the Wednesday Luncheon
Club tomorrow will be Professor
Harold C. Brown of the Stanford
philosophy department. His subject:
"What the W;tr is Doing to the Rus
sian People."
Dr. Brown, who has studied and
traveled extensively in Europe, has
been watching the Russian situation
closely, and, according to Miss Pa
tricia Davidson, head of the Lunch
Club's speaker's committee, "is
highly qualified to speak on this
subject."

NEW YORK, Oct. 20 (UP).—An
explosion in a chemistry class at
Columbia University today sent
three persons to Knickerbocker Hos
pital seriously burned and injured
15 others.
Featured speaker at the regular
session of the Wednesday Luncheon
Club tomorrow will be Professor
Harold C. Brown of the Stanford
philosophy department. His subject:
"What the W;tr is Doing to the Rus
sian People."
Dr. Brown, who has studied and
traveled extensively in Europe, has
been watching the Russian situation
closely, and, according to Miss Pa
tricia Davidson, head of the Lunch
Club's speaker's committee, "is
highly qualified to speak on this
subject."

NEW YORK, Oct. 20 (UP).—An
explosion in a chemistry class at
Columbia University today sent
three persons to Knickerbocker Hos
pital seriously burned and injured
15 others.
Featured speaker at the regular
session of the Wednesday Luncheon
Club tomorrow will be Professor
Harold C. Brown of the Stanford
philosophy department. His subject:
"What the W;tr is Doing to the Rus
sian People."
Dr. Brown, who has studied and
traveled extensively in Europe, has
been watching the Russian situation
closely, and, according to Miss Pa
tricia Davidson, head of the Lunch
Club's speaker's committee, "is
highly qualified to speak on this
subject."

NEW YORK, Oct. 20 (UP).—An
explosion in a chemistry class at
Columbia University today sent
three persons to Knickerbocker Hos
pital seriously burned and injured
15 others.
