# University Poets To Vie for Prize
## 
### 
A prize of $40 will be awarded the
winner of the Irene Hardy poetry
contest, according to an announce
ment made yesterday by Dr. Head
ley of the English department.
The biennial contest, established
in 1925 in honor of Irene Hardy,
English instructor, will close De
cember 5 and is open only to un
dergraduates. There are no restric
tions as to length or number of
poems, according to Mr. Headley,
but the prize will be awarded only
if the judges consider the entries
worthy.
A prize of $40 will be awarded the
winner of the Irene Hardy poetry
contest, according to an announce
ment made yesterday by Dr. Head
ley of the English department.
The biennial contest, established
in 1925 in honor of Irene Hardy,
English instructor, will close De
cember 5 and is open only to un
dergraduates. There are no restric
tions as to length or number of
poems, according to Mr. Headley,
but the prize will be awarded only
if the judges consider the entries
worthy.
A prize of $40 will be awarded the
winner of the Irene Hardy poetry
contest, according to an announce
ment made yesterday by Dr. Head
ley of the English department.
The biennial contest, established
in 1925 in honor of Irene Hardy,
English instructor, will close De
cember 5 and is open only to un
dergraduates. There are no restric
tions as to length or number of
poems, according to Mr. Headley,
but the prize will be awarded only
if the judges consider the entries
worthy.
A prize of $40 will be awarded the
winner of the Irene Hardy poetry
contest, according to an announce
ment made yesterday by Dr. Head
ley of the English department.
The biennial contest, established
in 1925 in honor of Irene Hardy,
English instructor, will close De
cember 5 and is open only to un
dergraduates. There are no restric
tions as to length or number of
poems, according to Mr. Headley,
but the prize will be awarded only
if the judges consider the entries
worthy.
A prize of $40 will be awarded the
winner of the Irene Hardy poetry
contest, according to an announce
ment made yesterday by Dr. Head
ley of the English department.
The biennial contest, established
in 1925 in honor of Irene Hardy,
English instructor, will close De
cember 5 and is open only to un
dergraduates. There are no restric
tions as to length or number of
poems, according to Mr. Headley,
but the prize will be awarded only
if the judges consider the entries
worthy.
A prize of $40 will be awarded the
winner of the Irene Hardy poetry
contest, according to an announce
ment made yesterday by Dr. Head
ley of the English department.
The biennial contest, established
in 1925 in honor of Irene Hardy,
English instructor, will close De
cember 5 and is open only to un
dergraduates. There are no restric
tions as to length or number of
poems, according to Mr. Headley,
but the prize will be awarded only
if the judges consider the entries
worthy.
A prize of $40 will be awarded the
winner of the Irene Hardy poetry
contest, according to an announce
ment made yesterday by Dr. Head
ley of the English department.
The biennial contest, established
in 1925 in honor of Irene Hardy,
English instructor, will close De
cember 5 and is open only to un
dergraduates. There are no restric
tions as to length or number of
poems, according to Mr. Headley,
but the prize will be awarded only
if the judges consider the entries
worthy.
A prize of $40 will be awarded the
winner of the Irene Hardy poetry
contest, according to an announce
ment made yesterday by Dr. Head
ley of the English department.
The biennial contest, established
in 1925 in honor of Irene Hardy,
English instructor, will close De
cember 5 and is open only to un
dergraduates. There are no restric
tions as to length or number of
poems, according to Mr. Headley,
but the prize will be awarded only
if the judges consider the entries
worthy.
A prize of $40 will be awarded the
winner of the Irene Hardy poetry
contest, according to an announce
ment made yesterday by Dr. Head
ley of the English department.
The biennial contest, established
in 1925 in honor of Irene Hardy,
English instructor, will close De
cember 5 and is open only to un
dergraduates. There are no restric
tions as to length or number of
poems, according to Mr. Headley,
but the prize will be awarded only
if the judges consider the entries
worthy.
A prize of $40 will be awarded the
winner of the Irene Hardy poetry
contest, according to an announce
ment made yesterday by Dr. Head
ley of the English department.
The biennial contest, established
in 1925 in honor of Irene Hardy,
English instructor, will close De
cember 5 and is open only to un
dergraduates. There are no restric
tions as to length or number of
poems, according to Mr. Headley,
but the prize will be awarded only
if the judges consider the entries
worthy.
A prize of $40 will be awarded the
winner of the Irene Hardy poetry
contest, according to an announce
ment made yesterday by Dr. Head
ley of the English department.
The biennial contest, established
in 1925 in honor of Irene Hardy,
English instructor, will close De
cember 5 and is open only to un
dergraduates. There are no restric
tions as to length or number of
poems, according to Mr. Headley,
but the prize will be awarded only
if the judges consider the entries
worthy.
A prize of $40 will be awarded the
winner of the Irene Hardy poetry
contest, according to an announce
ment made yesterday by Dr. Head
ley of the English department.
The biennial contest, established
in 1925 in honor of Irene Hardy,
English instructor, will close De
cember 5 and is open only to un
dergraduates. There are no restric
tions as to length or number of
poems, according to Mr. Headley,
but the prize will be awarded only
if the judges consider the entries
worthy.
A prize of $40 will be awarded the
winner of the Irene Hardy poetry
contest, according to an announce
ment made yesterday by Dr. Head
ley of the English department.
The biennial contest, established
in 1925 in honor of Irene Hardy,
English instructor, will close De
cember 5 and is open only to un
dergraduates. There are no restric
tions as to length or number of
poems, according to Mr. Headley,
but the prize will be awarded only
if the judges consider the entries
worthy.
A prize of $40 will be awarded the
winner of the Irene Hardy poetry
contest, according to an announce
ment made yesterday by Dr. Head
ley of the English department.
The biennial contest, established
in 1925 in honor of Irene Hardy,
English instructor, will close De
cember 5 and is open only to un
dergraduates. There are no restric
tions as to length or number of
poems, according to Mr. Headley,
but the prize will be awarded only
if the judges consider the entries
worthy.
A prize of $40 will be awarded the
winner of the Irene Hardy poetry
contest, according to an announce
ment made yesterday by Dr. Head
ley of the English department.
The biennial contest, established
in 1925 in honor of Irene Hardy,
English instructor, will close De
cember 5 and is open only to un
dergraduates. There are no restric
tions as to length or number of
poems, according to Mr. Headley,
but the prize will be awarded only
if the judges consider the entries
worthy.
A prize of $40 will be awarded the
winner of the Irene Hardy poetry
contest, according to an announce
ment made yesterday by Dr. Head
ley of the English department.
The biennial contest, established
in 1925 in honor of Irene Hardy,
English instructor, will close De
cember 5 and is open only to un
dergraduates. There are no restric
tions as to length or number of
poems, according to Mr. Headley,
but the prize will be awarded only
if the judges consider the entries
worthy.
A prize of $40 will be awarded the
winner of the Irene Hardy poetry
contest, according to an announce
ment made yesterday by Dr. Head
ley of the English department.
The biennial contest, established
in 1925 in honor of Irene Hardy,
English instructor, will close De
cember 5 and is open only to un
dergraduates. There are no restric
tions as to length or number of
poems, according to Mr. Headley,
but the prize will be awarded only
if the judges consider the entries
worthy.
A prize of $40 will be awarded the
winner of the Irene Hardy poetry
contest, according to an announce
ment made yesterday by Dr. Head
ley of the English department.
The biennial contest, established
in 1925 in honor of Irene Hardy,
English instructor, will close De
cember 5 and is open only to un
dergraduates. There are no restric
tions as to length or number of
poems, according to Mr. Headley,
but the prize will be awarded only
if the judges consider the entries
worthy.
