# FAIR WEATHER FORECAST
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 20 (UP).-
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair Tuesday and Wednesday.
Slightly warmer. Moderate westerly
wind. Northern California: Fair
Tuesday and Wednesday. Rising
temperature; gentle variable wind
off coast becoming moderate north
west.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 20 (UP).-
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair Tuesday and Wednesday.
Slightly warmer. Moderate westerly
wind. Northern California: Fair
Tuesday and Wednesday. Rising
temperature; gentle variable wind
off coast becoming moderate north
west.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 20 (UP).-
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair Tuesday and Wednesday.
Slightly warmer. Moderate westerly
wind. Northern California: Fair
Tuesday and Wednesday. Rising
temperature; gentle variable wind
off coast becoming moderate north
west.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 20 (UP).-
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair Tuesday and Wednesday.
Slightly warmer. Moderate westerly
wind. Northern California: Fair
Tuesday and Wednesday. Rising
temperature; gentle variable wind
off coast becoming moderate north
west.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 20 (UP).-
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair Tuesday and Wednesday.
Slightly warmer. Moderate westerly
wind. Northern California: Fair
Tuesday and Wednesday. Rising
temperature; gentle variable wind
off coast becoming moderate north
west.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 20 (UP).-
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair Tuesday and Wednesday.
Slightly warmer. Moderate westerly
wind. Northern California: Fair
Tuesday and Wednesday. Rising
temperature; gentle variable wind
off coast becoming moderate north
west.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 20 (UP).-
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair Tuesday and Wednesday.
Slightly warmer. Moderate westerly
wind. Northern California: Fair
Tuesday and Wednesday. Rising
temperature; gentle variable wind
off coast becoming moderate north
west.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 20 (UP).-
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair Tuesday and Wednesday.
Slightly warmer. Moderate westerly
wind. Northern California: Fair
Tuesday and Wednesday. Rising
temperature; gentle variable wind
off coast becoming moderate north
west.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 20 (UP).-
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair Tuesday and Wednesday.
Slightly warmer. Moderate westerly
wind. Northern California: Fair
Tuesday and Wednesday. Rising
temperature; gentle variable wind
off coast becoming moderate north
west.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 20 (UP).-
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair Tuesday and Wednesday.
Slightly warmer. Moderate westerly
wind. Northern California: Fair
Tuesday and Wednesday. Rising
temperature; gentle variable wind
off coast becoming moderate north
west.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 20 (UP).-
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair Tuesday and Wednesday.
Slightly warmer. Moderate westerly
wind. Northern California: Fair
Tuesday and Wednesday. Rising
temperature; gentle variable wind
off coast becoming moderate north
west.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 20 (UP).-
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair Tuesday and Wednesday.
Slightly warmer. Moderate westerly
wind. Northern California: Fair
Tuesday and Wednesday. Rising
temperature; gentle variable wind
off coast becoming moderate north
west.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 20 (UP).-
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair Tuesday and Wednesday.
Slightly warmer. Moderate westerly
wind. Northern California: Fair
Tuesday and Wednesday. Rising
temperature; gentle variable wind
off coast becoming moderate north
west.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 20 (UP).-
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair Tuesday and Wednesday.
Slightly warmer. Moderate westerly
wind. Northern California: Fair
Tuesday and Wednesday. Rising
temperature; gentle variable wind
off coast becoming moderate north
west.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 20 (UP).-
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair Tuesday and Wednesday.
Slightly warmer. Moderate westerly
wind. Northern California: Fair
Tuesday and Wednesday. Rising
temperature; gentle variable wind
off coast becoming moderate north
west.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 20 (UP).-
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair Tuesday and Wednesday.
Slightly warmer. Moderate westerly
wind. Northern California: Fair
Tuesday and Wednesday. Rising
temperature; gentle variable wind
off coast becoming moderate north
west.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 20 (UP).-
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair Tuesday and Wednesday.
Slightly warmer. Moderate westerly
wind. Northern California: Fair
Tuesday and Wednesday. Rising
temperature; gentle variable wind
off coast becoming moderate north
west.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 20 (UP).-
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair Tuesday and Wednesday.
Slightly warmer. Moderate westerly
wind. Northern California: Fair
Tuesday and Wednesday. Rising
temperature; gentle variable wind
off coast becoming moderate north
west.
