# Reversible Center May Outshine 'T'
## 
### 
NEW YORK. Oct. 20 (UP).—Ossie
Solem, the old Syracuse Orange,
tossed off another football brain
storm for the boys today by disclos
ing that his new reversible center
may shortly blossom out as a gen
uine, money-back sextuple threat
man whose major duties will be per
formed in the backfield instead of
along the line.
The Orange coach, who two
weeks ago rocked the experts to
their very insteps by introducing a
center who faced his own backfield
instead of the defensive team, said
that the deception he will thereby
add to the offense may make the T
formation look like something a few
small boys improvised on a Sunday
afternoon.
NEW YORK. Oct. 20 (UP).—Ossie
Solem, the old Syracuse Orange,
tossed off another football brain
storm for the boys today by disclos
ing that his new reversible center
may shortly blossom out as a gen
uine, money-back sextuple threat
man whose major duties will be per
formed in the backfield instead of
along the line.
The Orange coach, who two
weeks ago rocked the experts to
their very insteps by introducing a
center who faced his own backfield
instead of the defensive team, said
that the deception he will thereby
add to the offense may make the T
formation look like something a few
small boys improvised on a Sunday
afternoon.
NEW YORK. Oct. 20 (UP).—Ossie
Solem, the old Syracuse Orange,
tossed off another football brain
storm for the boys today by disclos
ing that his new reversible center
may shortly blossom out as a gen
uine, money-back sextuple threat
man whose major duties will be per
formed in the backfield instead of
along the line.
The Orange coach, who two
weeks ago rocked the experts to
their very insteps by introducing a
center who faced his own backfield
instead of the defensive team, said
that the deception he will thereby
add to the offense may make the T
formation look like something a few
small boys improvised on a Sunday
afternoon.
NEW YORK. Oct. 20 (UP).—Ossie
Solem, the old Syracuse Orange,
tossed off another football brain
storm for the boys today by disclos
ing that his new reversible center
may shortly blossom out as a gen
uine, money-back sextuple threat
man whose major duties will be per
formed in the backfield instead of
along the line.
The Orange coach, who two
weeks ago rocked the experts to
their very insteps by introducing a
center who faced his own backfield
instead of the defensive team, said
that the deception he will thereby
add to the offense may make the T
formation look like something a few
small boys improvised on a Sunday
afternoon.
NEW YORK. Oct. 20 (UP).—Ossie
Solem, the old Syracuse Orange,
tossed off another football brain
storm for the boys today by disclos
ing that his new reversible center
may shortly blossom out as a gen
uine, money-back sextuple threat
man whose major duties will be per
formed in the backfield instead of
along the line.
The Orange coach, who two
weeks ago rocked the experts to
their very insteps by introducing a
center who faced his own backfield
instead of the defensive team, said
that the deception he will thereby
add to the offense may make the T
formation look like something a few
small boys improvised on a Sunday
afternoon.
NEW YORK. Oct. 20 (UP).—Ossie
Solem, the old Syracuse Orange,
tossed off another football brain
storm for the boys today by disclos
ing that his new reversible center
may shortly blossom out as a gen
uine, money-back sextuple threat
man whose major duties will be per
formed in the backfield instead of
along the line.
The Orange coach, who two
weeks ago rocked the experts to
their very insteps by introducing a
center who faced his own backfield
instead of the defensive team, said
that the deception he will thereby
add to the offense may make the T
formation look like something a few
small boys improvised on a Sunday
afternoon.
NEW YORK. Oct. 20 (UP).—Ossie
Solem, the old Syracuse Orange,
tossed off another football brain
storm for the boys today by disclos
ing that his new reversible center
may shortly blossom out as a gen
uine, money-back sextuple threat
man whose major duties will be per
formed in the backfield instead of
along the line.
The Orange coach, who two
weeks ago rocked the experts to
their very insteps by introducing a
center who faced his own backfield
instead of the defensive team, said
that the deception he will thereby
add to the offense may make the T
formation look like something a few
small boys improvised on a Sunday
afternoon.
NEW YORK. Oct. 20 (UP).—Ossie
Solem, the old Syracuse Orange,
tossed off another football brain
storm for the boys today by disclos
ing that his new reversible center
may shortly blossom out as a gen
uine, money-back sextuple threat
man whose major duties will be per
formed in the backfield instead of
along the line.
The Orange coach, who two
weeks ago rocked the experts to
their very insteps by introducing a
center who faced his own backfield
instead of the defensive team, said
that the deception he will thereby
add to the offense may make the T
formation look like something a few
small boys improvised on a Sunday
afternoon.
NEW YORK. Oct. 20 (UP).—Ossie
Solem, the old Syracuse Orange,
tossed off another football brain
storm for the boys today by disclos
ing that his new reversible center
may shortly blossom out as a gen
uine, money-back sextuple threat
man whose major duties will be per
formed in the backfield instead of
along the line.
The Orange coach, who two
weeks ago rocked the experts to
their very insteps by introducing a
center who faced his own backfield
instead of the defensive team, said
that the deception he will thereby
add to the offense may make the T
formation look like something a few
small boys improvised on a Sunday
afternoon.
NEW YORK. Oct. 20 (UP).—Ossie
Solem, the old Syracuse Orange,
tossed off another football brain
storm for the boys today by disclos
ing that his new reversible center
may shortly blossom out as a gen
uine, money-back sextuple threat
man whose major duties will be per
formed in the backfield instead of
along the line.
The Orange coach, who two
weeks ago rocked the experts to
their very insteps by introducing a
center who faced his own backfield
instead of the defensive team, said
that the deception he will thereby
add to the offense may make the T
formation look like something a few
small boys improvised on a Sunday
afternoon.
NEW YORK. Oct. 20 (UP).—Ossie
Solem, the old Syracuse Orange,
tossed off another football brain
storm for the boys today by disclos
ing that his new reversible center
may shortly blossom out as a gen
uine, money-back sextuple threat
man whose major duties will be per
formed in the backfield instead of
along the line.
The Orange coach, who two
weeks ago rocked the experts to
their very insteps by introducing a
center who faced his own backfield
instead of the defensive team, said
that the deception he will thereby
add to the offense may make the T
formation look like something a few
small boys improvised on a Sunday
afternoon.
NEW YORK. Oct. 20 (UP).—Ossie
Solem, the old Syracuse Orange,
tossed off another football brain
storm for the boys today by disclos
ing that his new reversible center
may shortly blossom out as a gen
uine, money-back sextuple threat
man whose major duties will be per
formed in the backfield instead of
along the line.
The Orange coach, who two
weeks ago rocked the experts to
their very insteps by introducing a
center who faced his own backfield
instead of the defensive team, said
that the deception he will thereby
add to the offense may make the T
formation look like something a few
small boys improvised on a Sunday
afternoon.
NEW YORK. Oct. 20 (UP).—Ossie
Solem, the old Syracuse Orange,
tossed off another football brain
storm for the boys today by disclos
ing that his new reversible center
may shortly blossom out as a gen
uine, money-back sextuple threat
man whose major duties will be per
formed in the backfield instead of
along the line.
The Orange coach, who two
weeks ago rocked the experts to
their very insteps by introducing a
center who faced his own backfield
instead of the defensive team, said
that the deception he will thereby
add to the offense may make the T
formation look like something a few
small boys improvised on a Sunday
afternoon.
NEW YORK. Oct. 20 (UP).—Ossie
Solem, the old Syracuse Orange,
tossed off another football brain
storm for the boys today by disclos
ing that his new reversible center
may shortly blossom out as a gen
uine, money-back sextuple threat
man whose major duties will be per
formed in the backfield instead of
along the line.
The Orange coach, who two
weeks ago rocked the experts to
their very insteps by introducing a
center who faced his own backfield
instead of the defensive team, said
that the deception he will thereby
add to the offense may make the T
formation look like something a few
small boys improvised on a Sunday
afternoon.
NEW YORK. Oct. 20 (UP).—Ossie
Solem, the old Syracuse Orange,
tossed off another football brain
storm for the boys today by disclos
ing that his new reversible center
may shortly blossom out as a gen
uine, money-back sextuple threat
man whose major duties will be per
formed in the backfield instead of
along the line.
The Orange coach, who two
weeks ago rocked the experts to
their very insteps by introducing a
center who faced his own backfield
instead of the defensive team, said
that the deception he will thereby
add to the offense may make the T
formation look like something a few
small boys improvised on a Sunday
afternoon.
NEW YORK. Oct. 20 (UP).—Ossie
Solem, the old Syracuse Orange,
tossed off another football brain
storm for the boys today by disclos
ing that his new reversible center
may shortly blossom out as a gen
uine, money-back sextuple threat
man whose major duties will be per
formed in the backfield instead of
along the line.
The Orange coach, who two
weeks ago rocked the experts to
their very insteps by introducing a
center who faced his own backfield
instead of the defensive team, said
that the deception he will thereby
add to the offense may make the T
formation look like something a few
small boys improvised on a Sunday
afternoon.
NEW YORK. Oct. 20 (UP).—Ossie
Solem, the old Syracuse Orange,
tossed off another football brain
storm for the boys today by disclos
ing that his new reversible center
may shortly blossom out as a gen
uine, money-back sextuple threat
man whose major duties will be per
formed in the backfield instead of
along the line.
The Orange coach, who two
weeks ago rocked the experts to
their very insteps by introducing a
center who faced his own backfield
instead of the defensive team, said
that the deception he will thereby
add to the offense may make the T
formation look like something a few
small boys improvised on a Sunday
afternoon.
NEW YORK. Oct. 20 (UP).—Ossie
Solem, the old Syracuse Orange,
tossed off another football brain
storm for the boys today by disclos
ing that his new reversible center
may shortly blossom out as a gen
uine, money-back sextuple threat
man whose major duties will be per
formed in the backfield instead of
along the line.
The Orange coach, who two
weeks ago rocked the experts to
their very insteps by introducing a
center who faced his own backfield
instead of the defensive team, said
that the deception he will thereby
add to the offense may make the T
formation look like something a few
small boys improvised on a Sunday
afternoon.
