# MOSCOW TO FIGHT TO LAST MAN
## 
### 
LONDON, Oct. 20 (UP).—A street
by-street defense of Moscow to "the
last drop of blood" was promised
today by the Russians as their capi
tal and its environs were placed
under a state of siege and the popu
lace was rallied to stem the east
ward drive of the German hordes
which has reached to within about
60 miles of the city.
The orders for a state of siege
and for a last-man defense of the
city were Issued by Premier Josef
Stalin as chairman of the State Com
mittee for Defense, according to the
Moscow radio.
The radio broadcast an editorial
published by the newspaper Pravda
which bore the heading, "Extraordi
nary Importance of the Decree by
the State Committee for Defense,"
and which said that Adolf Hitler
was throwing new forces into the
Mozhaisk and ihe Maloyaroslavets
fronts—6o miles west and 65 miles
southwest of Moscow respectively.
LONDON, Oct. 20 (UP).—A street
by-street defense of Moscow to "the
last drop of blood" was promised
today by the Russians as their capi
tal and its environs were placed
under a state of siege and the popu
lace was rallied to stem the east
ward drive of the German hordes
which has reached to within about
60 miles of the city.
The orders for a state of siege
and for a last-man defense of the
city were Issued by Premier Josef
Stalin as chairman of the State Com
mittee for Defense, according to the
Moscow radio.
The radio broadcast an editorial
published by the newspaper Pravda
which bore the heading, "Extraordi
nary Importance of the Decree by
the State Committee for Defense,"
and which said that Adolf Hitler
was throwing new forces into the
Mozhaisk and ihe Maloyaroslavets
fronts—6o miles west and 65 miles
southwest of Moscow respectively.
LONDON, Oct. 20 (UP).—A street
by-street defense of Moscow to "the
last drop of blood" was promised
today by the Russians as their capi
tal and its environs were placed
under a state of siege and the popu
lace was rallied to stem the east
ward drive of the German hordes
which has reached to within about
60 miles of the city.
The orders for a state of siege
and for a last-man defense of the
city were Issued by Premier Josef
Stalin as chairman of the State Com
mittee for Defense, according to the
Moscow radio.
The radio broadcast an editorial
published by the newspaper Pravda
which bore the heading, "Extraordi
nary Importance of the Decree by
the State Committee for Defense,"
and which said that Adolf Hitler
was throwing new forces into the
Mozhaisk and ihe Maloyaroslavets
fronts—6o miles west and 65 miles
southwest of Moscow respectively.
LONDON, Oct. 20 (UP).—A street
by-street defense of Moscow to "the
last drop of blood" was promised
today by the Russians as their capi
tal and its environs were placed
under a state of siege and the popu
lace was rallied to stem the east
ward drive of the German hordes
which has reached to within about
60 miles of the city.
The orders for a state of siege
and for a last-man defense of the
city were Issued by Premier Josef
Stalin as chairman of the State Com
mittee for Defense, according to the
Moscow radio.
The radio broadcast an editorial
published by the newspaper Pravda
which bore the heading, "Extraordi
nary Importance of the Decree by
the State Committee for Defense,"
and which said that Adolf Hitler
was throwing new forces into the
Mozhaisk and ihe Maloyaroslavets
fronts—6o miles west and 65 miles
southwest of Moscow respectively.
LONDON, Oct. 20 (UP).—A street
by-street defense of Moscow to "the
last drop of blood" was promised
today by the Russians as their capi
tal and its environs were placed
under a state of siege and the popu
lace was rallied to stem the east
ward drive of the German hordes
which has reached to within about
60 miles of the city.
The orders for a state of siege
and for a last-man defense of the
city were Issued by Premier Josef
Stalin as chairman of the State Com
mittee for Defense, according to the
Moscow radio.
The radio broadcast an editorial
published by the newspaper Pravda
which bore the heading, "Extraordi
nary Importance of the Decree by
the State Committee for Defense,"
and which said that Adolf Hitler
was throwing new forces into the
Mozhaisk and ihe Maloyaroslavets
fronts—6o miles west and 65 miles
southwest of Moscow respectively.
LONDON, Oct. 20 (UP).—A street
by-street defense of Moscow to "the
last drop of blood" was promised
today by the Russians as their capi
tal and its environs were placed
under a state of siege and the popu
lace was rallied to stem the east
ward drive of the German hordes
which has reached to within about
60 miles of the city.
The orders for a state of siege
and for a last-man defense of the
city were Issued by Premier Josef
Stalin as chairman of the State Com
mittee for Defense, according to the
Moscow radio.
The radio broadcast an editorial
published by the newspaper Pravda
which bore the heading, "Extraordi
nary Importance of the Decree by
the State Committee for Defense,"
and which said that Adolf Hitler
was throwing new forces into the
Mozhaisk and ihe Maloyaroslavets
fronts—6o miles west and 65 miles
southwest of Moscow respectively.
LONDON, Oct. 20 (UP).—A street
by-street defense of Moscow to "the
last drop of blood" was promised
today by the Russians as their capi
tal and its environs were placed
under a state of siege and the popu
lace was rallied to stem the east
ward drive of the German hordes
which has reached to within about
60 miles of the city.
The orders for a state of siege
and for a last-man defense of the
city were Issued by Premier Josef
Stalin as chairman of the State Com
mittee for Defense, according to the
Moscow radio.
The radio broadcast an editorial
published by the newspaper Pravda
which bore the heading, "Extraordi
nary Importance of the Decree by
the State Committee for Defense,"
and which said that Adolf Hitler
was throwing new forces into the
Mozhaisk and ihe Maloyaroslavets
fronts—6o miles west and 65 miles
southwest of Moscow respectively.
LONDON, Oct. 20 (UP).—A street
by-street defense of Moscow to "the
last drop of blood" was promised
today by the Russians as their capi
tal and its environs were placed
under a state of siege and the popu
lace was rallied to stem the east
ward drive of the German hordes
which has reached to within about
60 miles of the city.
The orders for a state of siege
and for a last-man defense of the
city were Issued by Premier Josef
Stalin as chairman of the State Com
mittee for Defense, according to the
Moscow radio.
The radio broadcast an editorial
published by the newspaper Pravda
which bore the heading, "Extraordi
nary Importance of the Decree by
the State Committee for Defense,"
and which said that Adolf Hitler
was throwing new forces into the
Mozhaisk and ihe Maloyaroslavets
fronts—6o miles west and 65 miles
southwest of Moscow respectively.
LONDON, Oct. 20 (UP).—A street
by-street defense of Moscow to "the
last drop of blood" was promised
today by the Russians as their capi
tal and its environs were placed
under a state of siege and the popu
lace was rallied to stem the east
ward drive of the German hordes
which has reached to within about
60 miles of the city.
The orders for a state of siege
and for a last-man defense of the
city were Issued by Premier Josef
Stalin as chairman of the State Com
mittee for Defense, according to the
Moscow radio.
The radio broadcast an editorial
published by the newspaper Pravda
which bore the heading, "Extraordi
nary Importance of the Decree by
the State Committee for Defense,"
and which said that Adolf Hitler
was throwing new forces into the
Mozhaisk and ihe Maloyaroslavets
fronts—6o miles west and 65 miles
southwest of Moscow respectively.
LONDON, Oct. 20 (UP).—A street
by-street defense of Moscow to "the
last drop of blood" was promised
today by the Russians as their capi
tal and its environs were placed
under a state of siege and the popu
lace was rallied to stem the east
ward drive of the German hordes
which has reached to within about
60 miles of the city.
The orders for a state of siege
and for a last-man defense of the
city were Issued by Premier Josef
Stalin as chairman of the State Com
mittee for Defense, according to the
Moscow radio.
The radio broadcast an editorial
published by the newspaper Pravda
which bore the heading, "Extraordi
nary Importance of the Decree by
the State Committee for Defense,"
and which said that Adolf Hitler
was throwing new forces into the
Mozhaisk and ihe Maloyaroslavets
fronts—6o miles west and 65 miles
southwest of Moscow respectively.
LONDON, Oct. 20 (UP).—A street
by-street defense of Moscow to "the
last drop of blood" was promised
today by the Russians as their capi
tal and its environs were placed
under a state of siege and the popu
lace was rallied to stem the east
ward drive of the German hordes
which has reached to within about
60 miles of the city.
The orders for a state of siege
and for a last-man defense of the
city were Issued by Premier Josef
Stalin as chairman of the State Com
mittee for Defense, according to the
Moscow radio.
The radio broadcast an editorial
published by the newspaper Pravda
which bore the heading, "Extraordi
nary Importance of the Decree by
the State Committee for Defense,"
and which said that Adolf Hitler
was throwing new forces into the
Mozhaisk and ihe Maloyaroslavets
fronts—6o miles west and 65 miles
southwest of Moscow respectively.
LONDON, Oct. 20 (UP).—A street
by-street defense of Moscow to "the
last drop of blood" was promised
today by the Russians as their capi
tal and its environs were placed
under a state of siege and the popu
lace was rallied to stem the east
ward drive of the German hordes
which has reached to within about
60 miles of the city.
The orders for a state of siege
and for a last-man defense of the
city were Issued by Premier Josef
Stalin as chairman of the State Com
mittee for Defense, according to the
Moscow radio.
The radio broadcast an editorial
published by the newspaper Pravda
which bore the heading, "Extraordi
nary Importance of the Decree by
the State Committee for Defense,"
and which said that Adolf Hitler
was throwing new forces into the
Mozhaisk and ihe Maloyaroslavets
fronts—6o miles west and 65 miles
southwest of Moscow respectively.
LONDON, Oct. 20 (UP).—A street
by-street defense of Moscow to "the
last drop of blood" was promised
today by the Russians as their capi
tal and its environs were placed
under a state of siege and the popu
lace was rallied to stem the east
ward drive of the German hordes
which has reached to within about
60 miles of the city.
The orders for a state of siege
and for a last-man defense of the
city were Issued by Premier Josef
Stalin as chairman of the State Com
mittee for Defense, according to the
Moscow radio.
The radio broadcast an editorial
published by the newspaper Pravda
which bore the heading, "Extraordi
nary Importance of the Decree by
the State Committee for Defense,"
and which said that Adolf Hitler
was throwing new forces into the
Mozhaisk and ihe Maloyaroslavets
fronts—6o miles west and 65 miles
southwest of Moscow respectively.
LONDON, Oct. 20 (UP).—A street
by-street defense of Moscow to "the
last drop of blood" was promised
today by the Russians as their capi
tal and its environs were placed
under a state of siege and the popu
lace was rallied to stem the east
ward drive of the German hordes
which has reached to within about
60 miles of the city.
The orders for a state of siege
and for a last-man defense of the
city were Issued by Premier Josef
Stalin as chairman of the State Com
mittee for Defense, according to the
Moscow radio.
The radio broadcast an editorial
published by the newspaper Pravda
which bore the heading, "Extraordi
nary Importance of the Decree by
the State Committee for Defense,"
and which said that Adolf Hitler
was throwing new forces into the
Mozhaisk and ihe Maloyaroslavets
fronts—6o miles west and 65 miles
southwest of Moscow respectively.
LONDON, Oct. 20 (UP).—A street
by-street defense of Moscow to "the
last drop of blood" was promised
today by the Russians as their capi
tal and its environs were placed
under a state of siege and the popu
lace was rallied to stem the east
ward drive of the German hordes
which has reached to within about
60 miles of the city.
The orders for a state of siege
and for a last-man defense of the
city were Issued by Premier Josef
Stalin as chairman of the State Com
mittee for Defense, according to the
Moscow radio.
The radio broadcast an editorial
published by the newspaper Pravda
which bore the heading, "Extraordi
nary Importance of the Decree by
the State Committee for Defense,"
and which said that Adolf Hitler
was throwing new forces into the
Mozhaisk and ihe Maloyaroslavets
fronts—6o miles west and 65 miles
southwest of Moscow respectively.
LONDON, Oct. 20 (UP).—A street
by-street defense of Moscow to "the
last drop of blood" was promised
today by the Russians as their capi
tal and its environs were placed
under a state of siege and the popu
lace was rallied to stem the east
ward drive of the German hordes
which has reached to within about
60 miles of the city.
The orders for a state of siege
and for a last-man defense of the
city were Issued by Premier Josef
Stalin as chairman of the State Com
mittee for Defense, according to the
Moscow radio.
The radio broadcast an editorial
published by the newspaper Pravda
which bore the heading, "Extraordi
nary Importance of the Decree by
the State Committee for Defense,"
and which said that Adolf Hitler
was throwing new forces into the
Mozhaisk and ihe Maloyaroslavets
fronts—6o miles west and 65 miles
southwest of Moscow respectively.
LONDON, Oct. 20 (UP).—A street
by-street defense of Moscow to "the
last drop of blood" was promised
today by the Russians as their capi
tal and its environs were placed
under a state of siege and the popu
lace was rallied to stem the east
ward drive of the German hordes
which has reached to within about
60 miles of the city.
The orders for a state of siege
and for a last-man defense of the
city were Issued by Premier Josef
Stalin as chairman of the State Com
mittee for Defense, according to the
Moscow radio.
The radio broadcast an editorial
published by the newspaper Pravda
which bore the heading, "Extraordi
nary Importance of the Decree by
the State Committee for Defense,"
and which said that Adolf Hitler
was throwing new forces into the
Mozhaisk and ihe Maloyaroslavets
fronts—6o miles west and 65 miles
southwest of Moscow respectively.
LONDON, Oct. 20 (UP).—A street
by-street defense of Moscow to "the
last drop of blood" was promised
today by the Russians as their capi
tal and its environs were placed
under a state of siege and the popu
lace was rallied to stem the east
ward drive of the German hordes
which has reached to within about
60 miles of the city.
The orders for a state of siege
and for a last-man defense of the
city were Issued by Premier Josef
Stalin as chairman of the State Com
mittee for Defense, according to the
Moscow radio.
The radio broadcast an editorial
published by the newspaper Pravda
which bore the heading, "Extraordi
nary Importance of the Decree by
the State Committee for Defense,"
and which said that Adolf Hitler
was throwing new forces into the
Mozhaisk and ihe Maloyaroslavets
fronts—6o miles west and 65 miles
southwest of Moscow respectively.
