# Pan-America Work Lauded By Stuart
## Professor Stresses Cultural Relations In Hoover Libe Talk 
### 
President Roosevelt is striving to
create the lir#t real Pari-American
ism in the history of the United
States, according to I)r. Graham
Stuart of the political science de
partment.
Dr. Stuart's speech on the Good
Neighbor Policy was broadcast to
Latin America from the Hoover War
Library yesterday afternoon. Dr.
Miguel Prado of the Spanish de-

partment translated the speech.
"Roosevelt struck the key to his
attitude in his inaugural address,
when he dedicated this nation to the
policy of the Good Neighbor," Dr.
Stuart said. "That policy is being
brilliantly developed by the Secre
tary of State, Mr. Cordell Hull, and
the Assistant Secretary, Mr. Sumner
Welles."
CULTURAL LINKS
As examples of Roosevelt's co-op
eration with Latin America, Dr.
Stuart cited the cancellation of the
Piatt Amendment, revision of the
Treaty of 1903 with Panama, and the
reciprocal trade agreements.
"But the greatest progress has been
made in the field of cultural rela
tions," Dr. Stuart stated. "Three
great North American steamship
lines with the finest accommodations
link up the United States with the
east and west coasts of South Amer
ica. . . . Better communication fa
cilities means more travel, and more
travel means better understanding."
EXCHANGES AID
Short-wave radio programs in
Spanish. Portuguese, and English are
being planned by the Office of the
Co-ordinator of Inter-American Af
fairs in co-operation with the De
partment of State, according to Dr.
Stuart.
Exchange of students and pro
fessors among the nations of the two
Americas is also an approach to bet
ter understanding and mutual ap
preciation in Dr. Stuart's opinion.
"In typically Yankee fashion we
are attacking the problem (of North
American imperialism in Latin
America) on all sides at onceâ€”po
litical, economic and cultural," Dr.
Stuart concluded.


DR. GRAHAM STUART
