# THOMPSON SCORES AGAIN
## 
### 
Stanford's chapter of Delta Sigma
Rho, national forensics fraternity,
elected winter quarter officers at a
recent meeting. New officers are:
president, Morley Thompson; vice
president, Gordon Levy; secretary,
Mrs. Mary Gray; historian, Robert
Rubenstein.
Stanford's chapter of Delta Sigma
Rho, national forensics fraternity,
elected winter quarter officers at a
recent meeting. New officers are:
president, Morley Thompson; vice
president, Gordon Levy; secretary,
Mrs. Mary Gray; historian, Robert
Rubenstein.
Stanford's chapter of Delta Sigma
Rho, national forensics fraternity,
elected winter quarter officers at a
recent meeting. New officers are:
president, Morley Thompson; vice
president, Gordon Levy; secretary,
Mrs. Mary Gray; historian, Robert
Rubenstein.
Stanford's chapter of Delta Sigma
Rho, national forensics fraternity,
elected winter quarter officers at a
recent meeting. New officers are:
president, Morley Thompson; vice
president, Gordon Levy; secretary,
Mrs. Mary Gray; historian, Robert
Rubenstein.
Stanford's chapter of Delta Sigma
Rho, national forensics fraternity,
elected winter quarter officers at a
recent meeting. New officers are:
president, Morley Thompson; vice
president, Gordon Levy; secretary,
Mrs. Mary Gray; historian, Robert
Rubenstein.
Stanford's chapter of Delta Sigma
Rho, national forensics fraternity,
elected winter quarter officers at a
recent meeting. New officers are:
president, Morley Thompson; vice
president, Gordon Levy; secretary,
Mrs. Mary Gray; historian, Robert
Rubenstein.
Stanford's chapter of Delta Sigma
Rho, national forensics fraternity,
elected winter quarter officers at a
recent meeting. New officers are:
president, Morley Thompson; vice
president, Gordon Levy; secretary,
Mrs. Mary Gray; historian, Robert
Rubenstein.
Stanford's chapter of Delta Sigma
Rho, national forensics fraternity,
elected winter quarter officers at a
recent meeting. New officers are:
president, Morley Thompson; vice
president, Gordon Levy; secretary,
Mrs. Mary Gray; historian, Robert
Rubenstein.
Stanford's chapter of Delta Sigma
Rho, national forensics fraternity,
elected winter quarter officers at a
recent meeting. New officers are:
president, Morley Thompson; vice
president, Gordon Levy; secretary,
Mrs. Mary Gray; historian, Robert
Rubenstein.
Stanford's chapter of Delta Sigma
Rho, national forensics fraternity,
elected winter quarter officers at a
recent meeting. New officers are:
president, Morley Thompson; vice
president, Gordon Levy; secretary,
Mrs. Mary Gray; historian, Robert
Rubenstein.
Stanford's chapter of Delta Sigma
Rho, national forensics fraternity,
elected winter quarter officers at a
recent meeting. New officers are:
president, Morley Thompson; vice
president, Gordon Levy; secretary,
Mrs. Mary Gray; historian, Robert
Rubenstein.
Stanford's chapter of Delta Sigma
Rho, national forensics fraternity,
elected winter quarter officers at a
recent meeting. New officers are:
president, Morley Thompson; vice
president, Gordon Levy; secretary,
Mrs. Mary Gray; historian, Robert
Rubenstein.
Stanford's chapter of Delta Sigma
Rho, national forensics fraternity,
elected winter quarter officers at a
recent meeting. New officers are:
president, Morley Thompson; vice
president, Gordon Levy; secretary,
Mrs. Mary Gray; historian, Robert
Rubenstein.
Stanford's chapter of Delta Sigma
Rho, national forensics fraternity,
elected winter quarter officers at a
recent meeting. New officers are:
president, Morley Thompson; vice
president, Gordon Levy; secretary,
Mrs. Mary Gray; historian, Robert
Rubenstein.
Stanford's chapter of Delta Sigma
Rho, national forensics fraternity,
elected winter quarter officers at a
recent meeting. New officers are:
president, Morley Thompson; vice
president, Gordon Levy; secretary,
Mrs. Mary Gray; historian, Robert
Rubenstein.
