# WEIDMAN TICKETS ON SALE
## 
### 
Tickets for the Charles Weidman
dance program, to. be held Fern. 20,
go on sale today at the Memorial
H;ill ticket booth and the Peninsula
Box Office.
Tickets for the Charles Weidman
dance program, to. be held Fern. 20,
go on sale today at the Memorial
H;ill ticket booth and the Peninsula
Box Office.
Tickets for the Charles Weidman
dance program, to. be held Fern. 20,
go on sale today at the Memorial
H;ill ticket booth and the Peninsula
Box Office.
Tickets for the Charles Weidman
dance program, to. be held Fern. 20,
go on sale today at the Memorial
H;ill ticket booth and the Peninsula
Box Office.
Tickets for the Charles Weidman
dance program, to. be held Fern. 20,
go on sale today at the Memorial
H;ill ticket booth and the Peninsula
Box Office.
Tickets for the Charles Weidman
dance program, to. be held Fern. 20,
go on sale today at the Memorial
H;ill ticket booth and the Peninsula
Box Office.
Tickets for the Charles Weidman
dance program, to. be held Fern. 20,
go on sale today at the Memorial
H;ill ticket booth and the Peninsula
Box Office.
Tickets for the Charles Weidman
dance program, to. be held Fern. 20,
go on sale today at the Memorial
H;ill ticket booth and the Peninsula
Box Office.
Tickets for the Charles Weidman
dance program, to. be held Fern. 20,
go on sale today at the Memorial
H;ill ticket booth and the Peninsula
Box Office.
Tickets for the Charles Weidman
dance program, to. be held Fern. 20,
go on sale today at the Memorial
H;ill ticket booth and the Peninsula
Box Office.
Tickets for the Charles Weidman
dance program, to. be held Fern. 20,
go on sale today at the Memorial
H;ill ticket booth and the Peninsula
Box Office.
Tickets for the Charles Weidman
dance program, to. be held Fern. 20,
go on sale today at the Memorial
H;ill ticket booth and the Peninsula
Box Office.
Tickets for the Charles Weidman
dance program, to. be held Fern. 20,
go on sale today at the Memorial
H;ill ticket booth and the Peninsula
Box Office.
Tickets for the Charles Weidman
dance program, to. be held Fern. 20,
go on sale today at the Memorial
H;ill ticket booth and the Peninsula
Box Office.
Tickets for the Charles Weidman
dance program, to. be held Fern. 20,
go on sale today at the Memorial
H;ill ticket booth and the Peninsula
Box Office.
