# Football, Basketball Clinic Set for June
## 
### 
Sl;inford's coaching clinic for high
school and junior college mentors
will be held again this summer, ac
cording to A! Masters, director of
athletics. Both football and basket
ball will be taught, with Marchie
Schwartz and Everett Dean presid
ing, respectively.
Tlie session will last three days,
from June 1(5 to 18; no fees will be
charged. This is the second meet
ing of the clinic, and it is hoped
to make it an annual affair.
Sl;inford's coaching clinic for high
school and junior college mentors
will be held again this summer, ac
cording to A! Masters, director of
athletics. Both football and basket
ball will be taught, with Marchie
Schwartz and Everett Dean presid
ing, respectively.
Tlie session will last three days,
from June 1(5 to 18; no fees will be
charged. This is the second meet
ing of the clinic, and it is hoped
to make it an annual affair.
Sl;inford's coaching clinic for high
school and junior college mentors
will be held again this summer, ac
cording to A! Masters, director of
athletics. Both football and basket
ball will be taught, with Marchie
Schwartz and Everett Dean presid
ing, respectively.
Tlie session will last three days,
from June 1(5 to 18; no fees will be
charged. This is the second meet
ing of the clinic, and it is hoped
to make it an annual affair.
Sl;inford's coaching clinic for high
school and junior college mentors
will be held again this summer, ac
cording to A! Masters, director of
athletics. Both football and basket
ball will be taught, with Marchie
Schwartz and Everett Dean presid
ing, respectively.
Tlie session will last three days,
from June 1(5 to 18; no fees will be
charged. This is the second meet
ing of the clinic, and it is hoped
to make it an annual affair.
Sl;inford's coaching clinic for high
school and junior college mentors
will be held again this summer, ac
cording to A! Masters, director of
athletics. Both football and basket
ball will be taught, with Marchie
Schwartz and Everett Dean presid
ing, respectively.
Tlie session will last three days,
from June 1(5 to 18; no fees will be
charged. This is the second meet
ing of the clinic, and it is hoped
to make it an annual affair.
Sl;inford's coaching clinic for high
school and junior college mentors
will be held again this summer, ac
cording to A! Masters, director of
athletics. Both football and basket
ball will be taught, with Marchie
Schwartz and Everett Dean presid
ing, respectively.
Tlie session will last three days,
from June 1(5 to 18; no fees will be
charged. This is the second meet
ing of the clinic, and it is hoped
to make it an annual affair.
Sl;inford's coaching clinic for high
school and junior college mentors
will be held again this summer, ac
cording to A! Masters, director of
athletics. Both football and basket
ball will be taught, with Marchie
Schwartz and Everett Dean presid
ing, respectively.
Tlie session will last three days,
from June 1(5 to 18; no fees will be
charged. This is the second meet
ing of the clinic, and it is hoped
to make it an annual affair.
Sl;inford's coaching clinic for high
school and junior college mentors
will be held again this summer, ac
cording to A! Masters, director of
athletics. Both football and basket
ball will be taught, with Marchie
Schwartz and Everett Dean presid
ing, respectively.
Tlie session will last three days,
from June 1(5 to 18; no fees will be
charged. This is the second meet
ing of the clinic, and it is hoped
to make it an annual affair.
Sl;inford's coaching clinic for high
school and junior college mentors
will be held again this summer, ac
cording to A! Masters, director of
athletics. Both football and basket
ball will be taught, with Marchie
Schwartz and Everett Dean presid
ing, respectively.
Tlie session will last three days,
from June 1(5 to 18; no fees will be
charged. This is the second meet
ing of the clinic, and it is hoped
to make it an annual affair.
Sl;inford's coaching clinic for high
school and junior college mentors
will be held again this summer, ac
cording to A! Masters, director of
athletics. Both football and basket
ball will be taught, with Marchie
Schwartz and Everett Dean presid
ing, respectively.
Tlie session will last three days,
from June 1(5 to 18; no fees will be
charged. This is the second meet
ing of the clinic, and it is hoped
to make it an annual affair.
Sl;inford's coaching clinic for high
school and junior college mentors
will be held again this summer, ac
cording to A! Masters, director of
athletics. Both football and basket
ball will be taught, with Marchie
Schwartz and Everett Dean presid
ing, respectively.
Tlie session will last three days,
from June 1(5 to 18; no fees will be
charged. This is the second meet
ing of the clinic, and it is hoped
to make it an annual affair.
Sl;inford's coaching clinic for high
school and junior college mentors
will be held again this summer, ac
cording to A! Masters, director of
athletics. Both football and basket
ball will be taught, with Marchie
Schwartz and Everett Dean presid
ing, respectively.
Tlie session will last three days,
from June 1(5 to 18; no fees will be
charged. This is the second meet
ing of the clinic, and it is hoped
to make it an annual affair.
Sl;inford's coaching clinic for high
school and junior college mentors
will be held again this summer, ac
cording to A! Masters, director of
athletics. Both football and basket
ball will be taught, with Marchie
Schwartz and Everett Dean presid
ing, respectively.
Tlie session will last three days,
from June 1(5 to 18; no fees will be
charged. This is the second meet
ing of the clinic, and it is hoped
to make it an annual affair.
Sl;inford's coaching clinic for high
school and junior college mentors
will be held again this summer, ac
cording to A! Masters, director of
athletics. Both football and basket
ball will be taught, with Marchie
Schwartz and Everett Dean presid
ing, respectively.
Tlie session will last three days,
from June 1(5 to 18; no fees will be
charged. This is the second meet
ing of the clinic, and it is hoped
to make it an annual affair.
Sl;inford's coaching clinic for high
school and junior college mentors
will be held again this summer, ac
cording to A! Masters, director of
athletics. Both football and basket
ball will be taught, with Marchie
Schwartz and Everett Dean presid
ing, respectively.
Tlie session will last three days,
from June 1(5 to 18; no fees will be
charged. This is the second meet
ing of the clinic, and it is hoped
to make it an annual affair.
