# I.S.C. Plans Three-Day Conference
## 
### 
The student group interested in
organizing a three - day Stanford
Conference on International Rela
tions will meet tonight at 8 in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house to elect co-chairmen who will
take plans lor a conference before
Excom next Wednesday.
During the second half of the
meeting, Excom Hearing Board will
conduct a discussion of Internation
al Survey activities and the con
ference, and will hear recommenda
tions for projects to be begun im
mediately.
WORK REVIEWED
In the first portion of the meeting
Cliff Nelson will present a summary
of work done so far toward a three
day West Coast conference this
spring at Stanford.
A 1 Strain, nominating committee
head, will offer names suggested for
co-chairmen of the projected con
ference. Nominations from the floor
will be welcomed. A man and a
woman will be chosen to preside at
the conference.
JOIN COMMITTEES
Any person interested in further
ing international activities on cam
pus is asked to attend and sign up
for the committees working on the
conference. Included in the over-all
planning committee are the follow
ing sub-committees: speakers, pro
gram, registration, publicity, and
facilities.
Beth Mac Vicar, head of the Ex
com Hearing Board, said that the
board was set up to supervise and
get rolling the organization of Stan
ford's diversified international bod
ies. The board will hear sugges
tions and plans for co-ordinating
international interests.
