# Citrus War Halts Western Civilization
## 
### 
The progress of Western Civili
zation was brought to an abrupt
hall yesterday when the History
corner library was unexpectedly
closed in (he middle of the after
noon.
The action was the result of a
series of disturbances which in
terrupted the attempts of stu
dents to study there. Grapefruit
and oranges, probably obtained
from trees growing outside, were
being shuffled around the room.
Previously they had been tossed
through the windows.
The loud crash of chair fall
ing to the floor—caused by a stu
dent's poor sense of balance—
brought the matter to a climax
and Miss Theressa (lay, head li
brarian, announced that the li
brary was closed.
