# Stanford Backs Music Series
## 
### 
A new season music series spon
sored by the Friends of Music and
Stanford will be presented during
winter, spring and summer quar
ters.
The first concert of this series
will be given February lfi at 4
p.m. in Memorial Hall by Ralph
Kirkpatrick, harpsichordist, and
Alexander Schneider, violinist.
Student tickets for this concert
will be on sale today and tomorrow
at the entrance to Memorial Hall
from 9 to 12 a.m. and from 1 to 4
p.m. The price is $1 a ticket. Stu

dent body cards will be punched
when a ticket is purchased, and
only one ticket will be sold to each
student.
Membership tickets for the sea
son music series will also be sold
at the entrance to Memorial Hall.
Season tickets cost $12 for two
tickets to each concert. The tick
ets include the Schneider-Kirk -
patrick concert and one other
concert winter quarter, one in
spring quarter, and four or pos
sibly more concerts during the
summer.
