# Dean of Women Returns for Fall
## 
### 
Miss Mary Yost will return fall
quarter as Dean of Women, fol
lowing her summer quarter leave.
Dean Yost will be back in her
office September 4, according to
Miss Anastasia Doyle, who has been
acting Dean of Women during Miss
Yost's absence.
Miss Doyle will continue as Di
rector of Residence for Women and
as Assistant in Vocational Guidance
for Women.
Miss Mary Yost will return fall
quarter as Dean of Women, fol
lowing her summer quarter leave.
Dean Yost will be back in her
office September 4, according to
Miss Anastasia Doyle, who has been
acting Dean of Women during Miss
Yost's absence.
Miss Doyle will continue as Di
rector of Residence for Women and
as Assistant in Vocational Guidance
for Women.
Miss Mary Yost will return fall
quarter as Dean of Women, fol
lowing her summer quarter leave.
Dean Yost will be back in her
office September 4, according to
Miss Anastasia Doyle, who has been
acting Dean of Women during Miss
Yost's absence.
Miss Doyle will continue as Di
rector of Residence for Women and
as Assistant in Vocational Guidance
for Women.
Miss Mary Yost will return fall
quarter as Dean of Women, fol
lowing her summer quarter leave.
Dean Yost will be back in her
office September 4, according to
Miss Anastasia Doyle, who has been
acting Dean of Women during Miss
Yost's absence.
Miss Doyle will continue as Di
rector of Residence for Women and
as Assistant in Vocational Guidance
for Women.
Miss Mary Yost will return fall
quarter as Dean of Women, fol
lowing her summer quarter leave.
Dean Yost will be back in her
office September 4, according to
Miss Anastasia Doyle, who has been
acting Dean of Women during Miss
Yost's absence.
Miss Doyle will continue as Di
rector of Residence for Women and
as Assistant in Vocational Guidance
for Women.
Miss Mary Yost will return fall
quarter as Dean of Women, fol
lowing her summer quarter leave.
Dean Yost will be back in her
office September 4, according to
Miss Anastasia Doyle, who has been
acting Dean of Women during Miss
Yost's absence.
Miss Doyle will continue as Di
rector of Residence for Women and
as Assistant in Vocational Guidance
for Women.
Miss Mary Yost will return fall
quarter as Dean of Women, fol
lowing her summer quarter leave.
Dean Yost will be back in her
office September 4, according to
Miss Anastasia Doyle, who has been
acting Dean of Women during Miss
Yost's absence.
Miss Doyle will continue as Di
rector of Residence for Women and
as Assistant in Vocational Guidance
for Women.
Miss Mary Yost will return fall
quarter as Dean of Women, fol
lowing her summer quarter leave.
Dean Yost will be back in her
office September 4, according to
Miss Anastasia Doyle, who has been
acting Dean of Women during Miss
Yost's absence.
Miss Doyle will continue as Di
rector of Residence for Women and
as Assistant in Vocational Guidance
for Women.
Miss Mary Yost will return fall
quarter as Dean of Women, fol
lowing her summer quarter leave.
Dean Yost will be back in her
office September 4, according to
Miss Anastasia Doyle, who has been
acting Dean of Women during Miss
Yost's absence.
Miss Doyle will continue as Di
rector of Residence for Women and
as Assistant in Vocational Guidance
for Women.
Miss Mary Yost will return fall
quarter as Dean of Women, fol
lowing her summer quarter leave.
Dean Yost will be back in her
office September 4, according to
Miss Anastasia Doyle, who has been
acting Dean of Women during Miss
Yost's absence.
Miss Doyle will continue as Di
rector of Residence for Women and
as Assistant in Vocational Guidance
for Women.
Miss Mary Yost will return fall
quarter as Dean of Women, fol
lowing her summer quarter leave.
Dean Yost will be back in her
office September 4, according to
Miss Anastasia Doyle, who has been
acting Dean of Women during Miss
Yost's absence.
Miss Doyle will continue as Di
rector of Residence for Women and
as Assistant in Vocational Guidance
for Women.
Miss Mary Yost will return fall
quarter as Dean of Women, fol
lowing her summer quarter leave.
Dean Yost will be back in her
office September 4, according to
Miss Anastasia Doyle, who has been
acting Dean of Women during Miss
Yost's absence.
Miss Doyle will continue as Di
rector of Residence for Women and
as Assistant in Vocational Guidance
for Women.
Miss Mary Yost will return fall
quarter as Dean of Women, fol
lowing her summer quarter leave.
Dean Yost will be back in her
office September 4, according to
Miss Anastasia Doyle, who has been
acting Dean of Women during Miss
Yost's absence.
Miss Doyle will continue as Di
rector of Residence for Women and
as Assistant in Vocational Guidance
for Women.
Miss Mary Yost will return fall
quarter as Dean of Women, fol
lowing her summer quarter leave.
Dean Yost will be back in her
office September 4, according to
Miss Anastasia Doyle, who has been
acting Dean of Women during Miss
Yost's absence.
Miss Doyle will continue as Di
rector of Residence for Women and
as Assistant in Vocational Guidance
for Women.
Miss Mary Yost will return fall
quarter as Dean of Women, fol
lowing her summer quarter leave.
Dean Yost will be back in her
office September 4, according to
Miss Anastasia Doyle, who has been
acting Dean of Women during Miss
Yost's absence.
Miss Doyle will continue as Di
rector of Residence for Women and
as Assistant in Vocational Guidance
for Women.
