# Shmoos for Sale At Relief Auction
## 
### 
An auction, another of the SIRO
money - making devices, will take
place Friday afternoon at 4:30 on the
steps of Cubberley Auditorium. Au
tographed golf balls, footballs, and
"shmoo" cartoons will go to the
highest bidders and their money will
in turn go, via the Stanford Relief
Drive, to help the peoples of the
war-devastated nations of the world.
An auction, another of the SIRO
money - making devices, will take
place Friday afternoon at 4:30 on the
steps of Cubberley Auditorium. Au
tographed golf balls, footballs, and
"shmoo" cartoons will go to the
highest bidders and their money will
in turn go, via the Stanford Relief
Drive, to help the peoples of the
war-devastated nations of the world.
An auction, another of the SIRO
money - making devices, will take
place Friday afternoon at 4:30 on the
steps of Cubberley Auditorium. Au
tographed golf balls, footballs, and
"shmoo" cartoons will go to the
highest bidders and their money will
in turn go, via the Stanford Relief
Drive, to help the peoples of the
war-devastated nations of the world.
An auction, another of the SIRO
money - making devices, will take
place Friday afternoon at 4:30 on the
steps of Cubberley Auditorium. Au
tographed golf balls, footballs, and
"shmoo" cartoons will go to the
highest bidders and their money will
in turn go, via the Stanford Relief
Drive, to help the peoples of the
war-devastated nations of the world.
An auction, another of the SIRO
money - making devices, will take
place Friday afternoon at 4:30 on the
steps of Cubberley Auditorium. Au
tographed golf balls, footballs, and
"shmoo" cartoons will go to the
highest bidders and their money will
in turn go, via the Stanford Relief
Drive, to help the peoples of the
war-devastated nations of the world.
An auction, another of the SIRO
money - making devices, will take
place Friday afternoon at 4:30 on the
steps of Cubberley Auditorium. Au
tographed golf balls, footballs, and
"shmoo" cartoons will go to the
highest bidders and their money will
in turn go, via the Stanford Relief
Drive, to help the peoples of the
war-devastated nations of the world.
An auction, another of the SIRO
money - making devices, will take
place Friday afternoon at 4:30 on the
steps of Cubberley Auditorium. Au
tographed golf balls, footballs, and
"shmoo" cartoons will go to the
highest bidders and their money will
in turn go, via the Stanford Relief
Drive, to help the peoples of the
war-devastated nations of the world.
An auction, another of the SIRO
money - making devices, will take
place Friday afternoon at 4:30 on the
steps of Cubberley Auditorium. Au
tographed golf balls, footballs, and
"shmoo" cartoons will go to the
highest bidders and their money will
in turn go, via the Stanford Relief
Drive, to help the peoples of the
war-devastated nations of the world.
An auction, another of the SIRO
money - making devices, will take
place Friday afternoon at 4:30 on the
steps of Cubberley Auditorium. Au
tographed golf balls, footballs, and
"shmoo" cartoons will go to the
highest bidders and their money will
in turn go, via the Stanford Relief
Drive, to help the peoples of the
war-devastated nations of the world.
An auction, another of the SIRO
money - making devices, will take
place Friday afternoon at 4:30 on the
steps of Cubberley Auditorium. Au
tographed golf balls, footballs, and
"shmoo" cartoons will go to the
highest bidders and their money will
in turn go, via the Stanford Relief
Drive, to help the peoples of the
war-devastated nations of the world.
An auction, another of the SIRO
money - making devices, will take
place Friday afternoon at 4:30 on the
steps of Cubberley Auditorium. Au
tographed golf balls, footballs, and
"shmoo" cartoons will go to the
highest bidders and their money will
in turn go, via the Stanford Relief
Drive, to help the peoples of the
war-devastated nations of the world.
An auction, another of the SIRO
money - making devices, will take
place Friday afternoon at 4:30 on the
steps of Cubberley Auditorium. Au
tographed golf balls, footballs, and
"shmoo" cartoons will go to the
highest bidders and their money will
in turn go, via the Stanford Relief
Drive, to help the peoples of the
war-devastated nations of the world.
An auction, another of the SIRO
money - making devices, will take
place Friday afternoon at 4:30 on the
steps of Cubberley Auditorium. Au
tographed golf balls, footballs, and
"shmoo" cartoons will go to the
highest bidders and their money will
in turn go, via the Stanford Relief
Drive, to help the peoples of the
war-devastated nations of the world.
An auction, another of the SIRO
money - making devices, will take
place Friday afternoon at 4:30 on the
steps of Cubberley Auditorium. Au
tographed golf balls, footballs, and
"shmoo" cartoons will go to the
highest bidders and their money will
in turn go, via the Stanford Relief
Drive, to help the peoples of the
war-devastated nations of the world.
An auction, another of the SIRO
money - making devices, will take
place Friday afternoon at 4:30 on the
steps of Cubberley Auditorium. Au
tographed golf balls, footballs, and
"shmoo" cartoons will go to the
highest bidders and their money will
in turn go, via the Stanford Relief
Drive, to help the peoples of the
war-devastated nations of the world.
An auction, another of the SIRO
money - making devices, will take
place Friday afternoon at 4:30 on the
steps of Cubberley Auditorium. Au
tographed golf balls, footballs, and
"shmoo" cartoons will go to the
highest bidders and their money will
in turn go, via the Stanford Relief
Drive, to help the peoples of the
war-devastated nations of the world.
