# NEW APPOINTMENT
## 
### 
Dean Carl Spaeth of the Stanford
Law School has recently been ap
pointed a member of next year's
committee of co-operation between
law school in California and the
State Bar.
Dean Carl Spaeth of the Stanford
Law School has recently been ap
pointed a member of next year's
committee of co-operation between
law school in California and the
State Bar.
Dean Carl Spaeth of the Stanford
Law School has recently been ap
pointed a member of next year's
committee of co-operation between
law school in California and the
State Bar.
Dean Carl Spaeth of the Stanford
Law School has recently been ap
pointed a member of next year's
committee of co-operation between
law school in California and the
State Bar.
Dean Carl Spaeth of the Stanford
Law School has recently been ap
pointed a member of next year's
committee of co-operation between
law school in California and the
State Bar.
Dean Carl Spaeth of the Stanford
Law School has recently been ap
pointed a member of next year's
committee of co-operation between
law school in California and the
State Bar.
Dean Carl Spaeth of the Stanford
Law School has recently been ap
pointed a member of next year's
committee of co-operation between
law school in California and the
State Bar.
Dean Carl Spaeth of the Stanford
Law School has recently been ap
pointed a member of next year's
committee of co-operation between
law school in California and the
State Bar.
Dean Carl Spaeth of the Stanford
Law School has recently been ap
pointed a member of next year's
committee of co-operation between
law school in California and the
State Bar.
Dean Carl Spaeth of the Stanford
Law School has recently been ap
pointed a member of next year's
committee of co-operation between
law school in California and the
State Bar.
Dean Carl Spaeth of the Stanford
Law School has recently been ap
pointed a member of next year's
committee of co-operation between
law school in California and the
State Bar.
Dean Carl Spaeth of the Stanford
Law School has recently been ap
pointed a member of next year's
committee of co-operation between
law school in California and the
State Bar.
Dean Carl Spaeth of the Stanford
Law School has recently been ap
pointed a member of next year's
committee of co-operation between
law school in California and the
State Bar.
Dean Carl Spaeth of the Stanford
Law School has recently been ap
pointed a member of next year's
committee of co-operation between
law school in California and the
State Bar.
Dean Carl Spaeth of the Stanford
Law School has recently been ap
pointed a member of next year's
committee of co-operation between
law school in California and the
State Bar.
Dean Carl Spaeth of the Stanford
Law School has recently been ap
pointed a member of next year's
committee of co-operation between
law school in California and the
State Bar.
