# Dancing Forbidden at Oxford
## 
### 
Dancing i 8 forbidden at Oxford and
fines are collected from all who break
this ruling.
Dancing i 8 forbidden at Oxford and
fines are collected from all who break
this ruling.
Dancing i 8 forbidden at Oxford and
fines are collected from all who break
this ruling.
Dancing i 8 forbidden at Oxford and
fines are collected from all who break
this ruling.
Dancing i 8 forbidden at Oxford and
fines are collected from all who break
this ruling.
Dancing i 8 forbidden at Oxford and
fines are collected from all who break
this ruling.
Dancing i 8 forbidden at Oxford and
fines are collected from all who break
this ruling.
Dancing i 8 forbidden at Oxford and
fines are collected from all who break
this ruling.
Dancing i 8 forbidden at Oxford and
fines are collected from all who break
this ruling.
Dancing i 8 forbidden at Oxford and
fines are collected from all who break
this ruling.
Dancing i 8 forbidden at Oxford and
fines are collected from all who break
this ruling.
Dancing i 8 forbidden at Oxford and
fines are collected from all who break
this ruling.
Dancing i 8 forbidden at Oxford and
fines are collected from all who break
this ruling.
Dancing i 8 forbidden at Oxford and
fines are collected from all who break
this ruling.
Dancing i 8 forbidden at Oxford and
fines are collected from all who break
this ruling.
