# Vests Worn at Arizona
## 
### 
In order to develop more class spirit
among the classes, the students of
Arizona have decided to wear different
kinds of vests for each of the different
classes.
In order to develop more class spirit
among the classes, the students of
Arizona have decided to wear different
kinds of vests for each of the different
classes.
In order to develop more class spirit
among the classes, the students of
Arizona have decided to wear different
kinds of vests for each of the different
classes.
In order to develop more class spirit
among the classes, the students of
Arizona have decided to wear different
kinds of vests for each of the different
classes.
In order to develop more class spirit
among the classes, the students of
Arizona have decided to wear different
kinds of vests for each of the different
classes.
In order to develop more class spirit
among the classes, the students of
Arizona have decided to wear different
kinds of vests for each of the different
classes.
In order to develop more class spirit
among the classes, the students of
Arizona have decided to wear different
kinds of vests for each of the different
classes.
In order to develop more class spirit
among the classes, the students of
Arizona have decided to wear different
kinds of vests for each of the different
classes.
In order to develop more class spirit
among the classes, the students of
Arizona have decided to wear different
kinds of vests for each of the different
classes.
In order to develop more class spirit
among the classes, the students of
Arizona have decided to wear different
kinds of vests for each of the different
classes.
In order to develop more class spirit
among the classes, the students of
Arizona have decided to wear different
kinds of vests for each of the different
classes.
In order to develop more class spirit
among the classes, the students of
Arizona have decided to wear different
kinds of vests for each of the different
classes.
In order to develop more class spirit
among the classes, the students of
Arizona have decided to wear different
kinds of vests for each of the different
classes.
In order to develop more class spirit
among the classes, the students of
Arizona have decided to wear different
kinds of vests for each of the different
classes.
In order to develop more class spirit
among the classes, the students of
Arizona have decided to wear different
kinds of vests for each of the different
classes.
