# Catholics Get Dormitory
## 
### 
A $250,000 Catholic girls' dormitory
is to be built soon at the University
of Oklahoma. It will be the first dor
mitory of its kind at any state school
in Oklahoma.
A $250,000 Catholic girls' dormitory
is to be built soon at the University
of Oklahoma. It will be the first dor
mitory of its kind at any state school
in Oklahoma.
A $250,000 Catholic girls' dormitory
is to be built soon at the University
of Oklahoma. It will be the first dor
mitory of its kind at any state school
in Oklahoma.
A $250,000 Catholic girls' dormitory
is to be built soon at the University
of Oklahoma. It will be the first dor
mitory of its kind at any state school
in Oklahoma.
A $250,000 Catholic girls' dormitory
is to be built soon at the University
of Oklahoma. It will be the first dor
mitory of its kind at any state school
in Oklahoma.
A $250,000 Catholic girls' dormitory
is to be built soon at the University
of Oklahoma. It will be the first dor
mitory of its kind at any state school
in Oklahoma.
A $250,000 Catholic girls' dormitory
is to be built soon at the University
of Oklahoma. It will be the first dor
mitory of its kind at any state school
in Oklahoma.
A $250,000 Catholic girls' dormitory
is to be built soon at the University
of Oklahoma. It will be the first dor
mitory of its kind at any state school
in Oklahoma.
A $250,000 Catholic girls' dormitory
is to be built soon at the University
of Oklahoma. It will be the first dor
mitory of its kind at any state school
in Oklahoma.
A $250,000 Catholic girls' dormitory
is to be built soon at the University
of Oklahoma. It will be the first dor
mitory of its kind at any state school
in Oklahoma.
A $250,000 Catholic girls' dormitory
is to be built soon at the University
of Oklahoma. It will be the first dor
mitory of its kind at any state school
in Oklahoma.
A $250,000 Catholic girls' dormitory
is to be built soon at the University
of Oklahoma. It will be the first dor
mitory of its kind at any state school
in Oklahoma.
A $250,000 Catholic girls' dormitory
is to be built soon at the University
of Oklahoma. It will be the first dor
mitory of its kind at any state school
in Oklahoma.
A $250,000 Catholic girls' dormitory
is to be built soon at the University
of Oklahoma. It will be the first dor
mitory of its kind at any state school
in Oklahoma.
A $250,000 Catholic girls' dormitory
is to be built soon at the University
of Oklahoma. It will be the first dor
mitory of its kind at any state school
in Oklahoma.
