# Million-Dollar Lake to Be Built
## 
### 
The University of Colorado is con
structing a million dollar lake four
miles east of the university. This will
enable the students to enter into many
new sports.
The University of Colorado is con
structing a million dollar lake four
miles east of the university. This will
enable the students to enter into many
new sports.
The University of Colorado is con
structing a million dollar lake four
miles east of the university. This will
enable the students to enter into many
new sports.
The University of Colorado is con
structing a million dollar lake four
miles east of the university. This will
enable the students to enter into many
new sports.
The University of Colorado is con
structing a million dollar lake four
miles east of the university. This will
enable the students to enter into many
new sports.
The University of Colorado is con
structing a million dollar lake four
miles east of the university. This will
enable the students to enter into many
new sports.
The University of Colorado is con
structing a million dollar lake four
miles east of the university. This will
enable the students to enter into many
new sports.
The University of Colorado is con
structing a million dollar lake four
miles east of the university. This will
enable the students to enter into many
new sports.
The University of Colorado is con
structing a million dollar lake four
miles east of the university. This will
enable the students to enter into many
new sports.
The University of Colorado is con
structing a million dollar lake four
miles east of the university. This will
enable the students to enter into many
new sports.
The University of Colorado is con
structing a million dollar lake four
miles east of the university. This will
enable the students to enter into many
new sports.
The University of Colorado is con
structing a million dollar lake four
miles east of the university. This will
enable the students to enter into many
new sports.
The University of Colorado is con
structing a million dollar lake four
miles east of the university. This will
enable the students to enter into many
new sports.
The University of Colorado is con
structing a million dollar lake four
miles east of the university. This will
enable the students to enter into many
new sports.
The University of Colorado is con
structing a million dollar lake four
miles east of the university. This will
enable the students to enter into many
new sports.
