# WILBUR HALL
## 23 Selected As Sponsors For Next Fall 
### 
Twenty - three uppcrelassmen
have been selected as freshman
sponsors for next year. A 1 Mar
tin, head sponsor for Wilbur,
made the announcement Tuesday
after a committee of tive spon
sors made their selection.
The new head sponsor is Clyde
Wyant. Other sponsors are Mike
Copass, Russ Edgerton, John Fla
herty, Mike Forster, Gary Gill,
Richard Hall, Richard Hawkins,
Conrad Hoskins, Dave McLaren,
Jim Michael is, Dave Montgom
ery and Larry Robertson.
Also selected were Harlan Rob
inson, Richard Ruble, Jack Rud
den, Steve Sehroeder, John Sim
mons, Frank Stillman, Dick Ta.-
kaki. Jack Truher, George Walk
er, Eric Wilson and Jay Winter.
Alternates are Steve Baffrey,
Sam Barclay, Walt Jue, Rich Sun
deen, Dennis Widman and Chuck
Atcheson.
Twenty - three uppcrelassmen
have been selected as freshman
sponsors for next year. A 1 Mar
tin, head sponsor for Wilbur,
made the announcement Tuesday
after a committee of tive spon
sors made their selection.
The new head sponsor is Clyde
Wyant. Other sponsors are Mike
Copass, Russ Edgerton, John Fla
herty, Mike Forster, Gary Gill,
Richard Hall, Richard Hawkins,
Conrad Hoskins, Dave McLaren,
Jim Michael is, Dave Montgom
ery and Larry Robertson.
Also selected were Harlan Rob
inson, Richard Ruble, Jack Rud
den, Steve Sehroeder, John Sim
mons, Frank Stillman, Dick Ta.-
kaki. Jack Truher, George Walk
er, Eric Wilson and Jay Winter.
Alternates are Steve Baffrey,
Sam Barclay, Walt Jue, Rich Sun
deen, Dennis Widman and Chuck
Atcheson.
Twenty - three uppcrelassmen
have been selected as freshman
sponsors for next year. A 1 Mar
tin, head sponsor for Wilbur,
made the announcement Tuesday
after a committee of tive spon
sors made their selection.
The new head sponsor is Clyde
Wyant. Other sponsors are Mike
Copass, Russ Edgerton, John Fla
herty, Mike Forster, Gary Gill,
Richard Hall, Richard Hawkins,
Conrad Hoskins, Dave McLaren,
Jim Michael is, Dave Montgom
ery and Larry Robertson.
Also selected were Harlan Rob
inson, Richard Ruble, Jack Rud
den, Steve Sehroeder, John Sim
mons, Frank Stillman, Dick Ta.-
kaki. Jack Truher, George Walk
er, Eric Wilson and Jay Winter.
Alternates are Steve Baffrey,
Sam Barclay, Walt Jue, Rich Sun
deen, Dennis Widman and Chuck
Atcheson.
Twenty - three uppcrelassmen
have been selected as freshman
sponsors for next year. A 1 Mar
tin, head sponsor for Wilbur,
made the announcement Tuesday
after a committee of tive spon
sors made their selection.
The new head sponsor is Clyde
Wyant. Other sponsors are Mike
Copass, Russ Edgerton, John Fla
herty, Mike Forster, Gary Gill,
Richard Hall, Richard Hawkins,
Conrad Hoskins, Dave McLaren,
Jim Michael is, Dave Montgom
ery and Larry Robertson.
Also selected were Harlan Rob
inson, Richard Ruble, Jack Rud
den, Steve Sehroeder, John Sim
mons, Frank Stillman, Dick Ta.-
kaki. Jack Truher, George Walk
er, Eric Wilson and Jay Winter.
Alternates are Steve Baffrey,
Sam Barclay, Walt Jue, Rich Sun
deen, Dennis Widman and Chuck
Atcheson.
Twenty - three uppcrelassmen
have been selected as freshman
sponsors for next year. A 1 Mar
tin, head sponsor for Wilbur,
made the announcement Tuesday
after a committee of tive spon
sors made their selection.
The new head sponsor is Clyde
Wyant. Other sponsors are Mike
Copass, Russ Edgerton, John Fla
herty, Mike Forster, Gary Gill,
Richard Hall, Richard Hawkins,
Conrad Hoskins, Dave McLaren,
Jim Michael is, Dave Montgom
ery and Larry Robertson.
Also selected were Harlan Rob
inson, Richard Ruble, Jack Rud
den, Steve Sehroeder, John Sim
mons, Frank Stillman, Dick Ta.-
kaki. Jack Truher, George Walk
er, Eric Wilson and Jay Winter.
Alternates are Steve Baffrey,
Sam Barclay, Walt Jue, Rich Sun
deen, Dennis Widman and Chuck
Atcheson.
Twenty - three uppcrelassmen
have been selected as freshman
sponsors for next year. A 1 Mar
tin, head sponsor for Wilbur,
made the announcement Tuesday
after a committee of tive spon
sors made their selection.
The new head sponsor is Clyde
Wyant. Other sponsors are Mike
Copass, Russ Edgerton, John Fla
herty, Mike Forster, Gary Gill,
Richard Hall, Richard Hawkins,
Conrad Hoskins, Dave McLaren,
Jim Michael is, Dave Montgom
ery and Larry Robertson.
Also selected were Harlan Rob
inson, Richard Ruble, Jack Rud
den, Steve Sehroeder, John Sim
mons, Frank Stillman, Dick Ta.-
kaki. Jack Truher, George Walk
er, Eric Wilson and Jay Winter.
Alternates are Steve Baffrey,
Sam Barclay, Walt Jue, Rich Sun
deen, Dennis Widman and Chuck
Atcheson.
Twenty - three uppcrelassmen
have been selected as freshman
sponsors for next year. A 1 Mar
tin, head sponsor for Wilbur,
made the announcement Tuesday
after a committee of tive spon
sors made their selection.
The new head sponsor is Clyde
Wyant. Other sponsors are Mike
Copass, Russ Edgerton, John Fla
herty, Mike Forster, Gary Gill,
Richard Hall, Richard Hawkins,
Conrad Hoskins, Dave McLaren,
Jim Michael is, Dave Montgom
ery and Larry Robertson.
Also selected were Harlan Rob
inson, Richard Ruble, Jack Rud
den, Steve Sehroeder, John Sim
mons, Frank Stillman, Dick Ta.-
kaki. Jack Truher, George Walk
er, Eric Wilson and Jay Winter.
Alternates are Steve Baffrey,
Sam Barclay, Walt Jue, Rich Sun
deen, Dennis Widman and Chuck
Atcheson.
Twenty - three uppcrelassmen
have been selected as freshman
sponsors for next year. A 1 Mar
tin, head sponsor for Wilbur,
made the announcement Tuesday
after a committee of tive spon
sors made their selection.
The new head sponsor is Clyde
Wyant. Other sponsors are Mike
Copass, Russ Edgerton, John Fla
herty, Mike Forster, Gary Gill,
Richard Hall, Richard Hawkins,
Conrad Hoskins, Dave McLaren,
Jim Michael is, Dave Montgom
ery and Larry Robertson.
Also selected were Harlan Rob
inson, Richard Ruble, Jack Rud
den, Steve Sehroeder, John Sim
mons, Frank Stillman, Dick Ta.-
kaki. Jack Truher, George Walk
er, Eric Wilson and Jay Winter.
Alternates are Steve Baffrey,
Sam Barclay, Walt Jue, Rich Sun
deen, Dennis Widman and Chuck
Atcheson.
Twenty - three uppcrelassmen
have been selected as freshman
sponsors for next year. A 1 Mar
tin, head sponsor for Wilbur,
made the announcement Tuesday
after a committee of tive spon
sors made their selection.
The new head sponsor is Clyde
Wyant. Other sponsors are Mike
Copass, Russ Edgerton, John Fla
herty, Mike Forster, Gary Gill,
Richard Hall, Richard Hawkins,
Conrad Hoskins, Dave McLaren,
Jim Michael is, Dave Montgom
ery and Larry Robertson.
Also selected were Harlan Rob
inson, Richard Ruble, Jack Rud
den, Steve Sehroeder, John Sim
mons, Frank Stillman, Dick Ta.-
kaki. Jack Truher, George Walk
er, Eric Wilson and Jay Winter.
Alternates are Steve Baffrey,
Sam Barclay, Walt Jue, Rich Sun
deen, Dennis Widman and Chuck
Atcheson.
Twenty - three uppcrelassmen
have been selected as freshman
sponsors for next year. A 1 Mar
tin, head sponsor for Wilbur,
made the announcement Tuesday
after a committee of tive spon
sors made their selection.
The new head sponsor is Clyde
Wyant. Other sponsors are Mike
Copass, Russ Edgerton, John Fla
herty, Mike Forster, Gary Gill,
Richard Hall, Richard Hawkins,
Conrad Hoskins, Dave McLaren,
Jim Michael is, Dave Montgom
ery and Larry Robertson.
Also selected were Harlan Rob
inson, Richard Ruble, Jack Rud
den, Steve Sehroeder, John Sim
mons, Frank Stillman, Dick Ta.-
kaki. Jack Truher, George Walk
er, Eric Wilson and Jay Winter.
Alternates are Steve Baffrey,
Sam Barclay, Walt Jue, Rich Sun
deen, Dennis Widman and Chuck
Atcheson.
Twenty - three uppcrelassmen
have been selected as freshman
sponsors for next year. A 1 Mar
tin, head sponsor for Wilbur,
made the announcement Tuesday
after a committee of tive spon
sors made their selection.
The new head sponsor is Clyde
Wyant. Other sponsors are Mike
Copass, Russ Edgerton, John Fla
herty, Mike Forster, Gary Gill,
Richard Hall, Richard Hawkins,
Conrad Hoskins, Dave McLaren,
Jim Michael is, Dave Montgom
ery and Larry Robertson.
Also selected were Harlan Rob
inson, Richard Ruble, Jack Rud
den, Steve Sehroeder, John Sim
mons, Frank Stillman, Dick Ta.-
kaki. Jack Truher, George Walk
er, Eric Wilson and Jay Winter.
Alternates are Steve Baffrey,
Sam Barclay, Walt Jue, Rich Sun
deen, Dennis Widman and Chuck
Atcheson.
Twenty - three uppcrelassmen
have been selected as freshman
sponsors for next year. A 1 Mar
tin, head sponsor for Wilbur,
made the announcement Tuesday
after a committee of tive spon
sors made their selection.
The new head sponsor is Clyde
Wyant. Other sponsors are Mike
Copass, Russ Edgerton, John Fla
herty, Mike Forster, Gary Gill,
Richard Hall, Richard Hawkins,
Conrad Hoskins, Dave McLaren,
Jim Michael is, Dave Montgom
ery and Larry Robertson.
Also selected were Harlan Rob
inson, Richard Ruble, Jack Rud
den, Steve Sehroeder, John Sim
mons, Frank Stillman, Dick Ta.-
kaki. Jack Truher, George Walk
er, Eric Wilson and Jay Winter.
Alternates are Steve Baffrey,
Sam Barclay, Walt Jue, Rich Sun
deen, Dennis Widman and Chuck
Atcheson.
Twenty - three uppcrelassmen
have been selected as freshman
sponsors for next year. A 1 Mar
tin, head sponsor for Wilbur,
made the announcement Tuesday
after a committee of tive spon
sors made their selection.
The new head sponsor is Clyde
Wyant. Other sponsors are Mike
Copass, Russ Edgerton, John Fla
herty, Mike Forster, Gary Gill,
Richard Hall, Richard Hawkins,
Conrad Hoskins, Dave McLaren,
Jim Michael is, Dave Montgom
ery and Larry Robertson.
Also selected were Harlan Rob
inson, Richard Ruble, Jack Rud
den, Steve Sehroeder, John Sim
mons, Frank Stillman, Dick Ta.-
kaki. Jack Truher, George Walk
er, Eric Wilson and Jay Winter.
Alternates are Steve Baffrey,
Sam Barclay, Walt Jue, Rich Sun
deen, Dennis Widman and Chuck
Atcheson.
Twenty - three uppcrelassmen
have been selected as freshman
sponsors for next year. A 1 Mar
tin, head sponsor for Wilbur,
made the announcement Tuesday
after a committee of tive spon
sors made their selection.
The new head sponsor is Clyde
Wyant. Other sponsors are Mike
Copass, Russ Edgerton, John Fla
herty, Mike Forster, Gary Gill,
Richard Hall, Richard Hawkins,
Conrad Hoskins, Dave McLaren,
Jim Michael is, Dave Montgom
ery and Larry Robertson.
Also selected were Harlan Rob
inson, Richard Ruble, Jack Rud
den, Steve Sehroeder, John Sim
mons, Frank Stillman, Dick Ta.-
kaki. Jack Truher, George Walk
er, Eric Wilson and Jay Winter.
Alternates are Steve Baffrey,
Sam Barclay, Walt Jue, Rich Sun
deen, Dennis Widman and Chuck
Atcheson.
Twenty - three uppcrelassmen
have been selected as freshman
sponsors for next year. A 1 Mar
tin, head sponsor for Wilbur,
made the announcement Tuesday
after a committee of tive spon
sors made their selection.
The new head sponsor is Clyde
Wyant. Other sponsors are Mike
Copass, Russ Edgerton, John Fla
herty, Mike Forster, Gary Gill,
Richard Hall, Richard Hawkins,
Conrad Hoskins, Dave McLaren,
Jim Michael is, Dave Montgom
ery and Larry Robertson.
Also selected were Harlan Rob
inson, Richard Ruble, Jack Rud
den, Steve Sehroeder, John Sim
mons, Frank Stillman, Dick Ta.-
kaki. Jack Truher, George Walk
er, Eric Wilson and Jay Winter.
Alternates are Steve Baffrey,
Sam Barclay, Walt Jue, Rich Sun
deen, Dennis Widman and Chuck
Atcheson.
Twenty - three uppcrelassmen
have been selected as freshman
sponsors for next year. A 1 Mar
tin, head sponsor for Wilbur,
made the announcement Tuesday
after a committee of tive spon
sors made their selection.
The new head sponsor is Clyde
Wyant. Other sponsors are Mike
Copass, Russ Edgerton, John Fla
herty, Mike Forster, Gary Gill,
Richard Hall, Richard Hawkins,
Conrad Hoskins, Dave McLaren,
Jim Michael is, Dave Montgom
ery and Larry Robertson.
Also selected were Harlan Rob
inson, Richard Ruble, Jack Rud
den, Steve Sehroeder, John Sim
mons, Frank Stillman, Dick Ta.-
kaki. Jack Truher, George Walk
er, Eric Wilson and Jay Winter.
Alternates are Steve Baffrey,
Sam Barclay, Walt Jue, Rich Sun
deen, Dennis Widman and Chuck
Atcheson.
Twenty - three uppcrelassmen
have been selected as freshman
sponsors for next year. A 1 Mar
tin, head sponsor for Wilbur,
made the announcement Tuesday
after a committee of tive spon
sors made their selection.
The new head sponsor is Clyde
Wyant. Other sponsors are Mike
Copass, Russ Edgerton, John Fla
herty, Mike Forster, Gary Gill,
Richard Hall, Richard Hawkins,
Conrad Hoskins, Dave McLaren,
Jim Michael is, Dave Montgom
ery and Larry Robertson.
Also selected were Harlan Rob
inson, Richard Ruble, Jack Rud
den, Steve Sehroeder, John Sim
mons, Frank Stillman, Dick Ta.-
kaki. Jack Truher, George Walk
er, Eric Wilson and Jay Winter.
Alternates are Steve Baffrey,
Sam Barclay, Walt Jue, Rich Sun
deen, Dennis Widman and Chuck
Atcheson.
