# Independent Study Offered in Speech
## 
### 
Dr. Virgil Anderson of the Speech
and Drama department announced
yesterday that a speech clinic in
which students are given individual
help and instruction for their needed
correction on the independent study
plan was being given this quarter.
Anyone interested should see Dr.
Anderson in hi< office or the secre
tary of the speech and drama de
partment.
Dr. Virgil Anderson of the Speech
and Drama department announced
yesterday that a speech clinic in
which students are given individual
help and instruction for their needed
correction on the independent study
plan was being given this quarter.
Anyone interested should see Dr.
Anderson in hi< office or the secre
tary of the speech and drama de
partment.
Dr. Virgil Anderson of the Speech
and Drama department announced
yesterday that a speech clinic in
which students are given individual
help and instruction for their needed
correction on the independent study
plan was being given this quarter.
Anyone interested should see Dr.
Anderson in hi< office or the secre
tary of the speech and drama de
partment.
Dr. Virgil Anderson of the Speech
and Drama department announced
yesterday that a speech clinic in
which students are given individual
help and instruction for their needed
correction on the independent study
plan was being given this quarter.
Anyone interested should see Dr.
Anderson in hi< office or the secre
tary of the speech and drama de
partment.
Dr. Virgil Anderson of the Speech
and Drama department announced
yesterday that a speech clinic in
which students are given individual
help and instruction for their needed
correction on the independent study
plan was being given this quarter.
Anyone interested should see Dr.
Anderson in hi< office or the secre
tary of the speech and drama de
partment.
Dr. Virgil Anderson of the Speech
and Drama department announced
yesterday that a speech clinic in
which students are given individual
help and instruction for their needed
correction on the independent study
plan was being given this quarter.
Anyone interested should see Dr.
Anderson in hi< office or the secre
tary of the speech and drama de
partment.
Dr. Virgil Anderson of the Speech
and Drama department announced
yesterday that a speech clinic in
which students are given individual
help and instruction for their needed
correction on the independent study
plan was being given this quarter.
Anyone interested should see Dr.
Anderson in hi< office or the secre
tary of the speech and drama de
partment.
Dr. Virgil Anderson of the Speech
and Drama department announced
yesterday that a speech clinic in
which students are given individual
help and instruction for their needed
correction on the independent study
plan was being given this quarter.
Anyone interested should see Dr.
Anderson in hi< office or the secre
tary of the speech and drama de
partment.
Dr. Virgil Anderson of the Speech
and Drama department announced
yesterday that a speech clinic in
which students are given individual
help and instruction for their needed
correction on the independent study
plan was being given this quarter.
Anyone interested should see Dr.
Anderson in hi< office or the secre
tary of the speech and drama de
partment.
Dr. Virgil Anderson of the Speech
and Drama department announced
yesterday that a speech clinic in
which students are given individual
help and instruction for their needed
correction on the independent study
plan was being given this quarter.
Anyone interested should see Dr.
Anderson in hi< office or the secre
tary of the speech and drama de
partment.
Dr. Virgil Anderson of the Speech
and Drama department announced
yesterday that a speech clinic in
which students are given individual
help and instruction for their needed
correction on the independent study
plan was being given this quarter.
Anyone interested should see Dr.
Anderson in hi< office or the secre
tary of the speech and drama de
partment.
Dr. Virgil Anderson of the Speech
and Drama department announced
yesterday that a speech clinic in
which students are given individual
help and instruction for their needed
correction on the independent study
plan was being given this quarter.
Anyone interested should see Dr.
Anderson in hi< office or the secre
tary of the speech and drama de
partment.
Dr. Virgil Anderson of the Speech
and Drama department announced
yesterday that a speech clinic in
which students are given individual
help and instruction for their needed
correction on the independent study
plan was being given this quarter.
Anyone interested should see Dr.
Anderson in hi< office or the secre
tary of the speech and drama de
partment.
Dr. Virgil Anderson of the Speech
and Drama department announced
yesterday that a speech clinic in
which students are given individual
help and instruction for their needed
correction on the independent study
plan was being given this quarter.
Anyone interested should see Dr.
Anderson in hi< office or the secre
tary of the speech and drama de
partment.
Dr. Virgil Anderson of the Speech
and Drama department announced
yesterday that a speech clinic in
which students are given individual
help and instruction for their needed
correction on the independent study
plan was being given this quarter.
Anyone interested should see Dr.
Anderson in hi< office or the secre
tary of the speech and drama de
partment.
Dr. Virgil Anderson of the Speech
and Drama department announced
yesterday that a speech clinic in
which students are given individual
help and instruction for their needed
correction on the independent study
plan was being given this quarter.
Anyone interested should see Dr.
Anderson in hi< office or the secre
tary of the speech and drama de
partment.
Dr. Virgil Anderson of the Speech
and Drama department announced
yesterday that a speech clinic in
which students are given individual
help and instruction for their needed
correction on the independent study
plan was being given this quarter.
Anyone interested should see Dr.
Anderson in hi< office or the secre
tary of the speech and drama de
partment.
