# Axis Finds Self 'in the Middle'
## 
### 

(Acme Telephoto)
Mapped here is the new Great Britain "shuttle bombing*' technique:
Four-motored Lancaster bombers take off from England, bomb Fried
richshafen, Germany, continue on to North Africa for reloading, then
back to England the following night, bombing Spezia, Italy, on the way

(Acme Telephoto)
Mapped here is the new Great Britain "shuttle bombing*' technique:
Four-motored Lancaster bombers take off from England, bomb Fried
richshafen, Germany, continue on to North Africa for reloading, then
back to England the following night, bombing Spezia, Italy, on the way

(Acme Telephoto)
Mapped here is the new Great Britain "shuttle bombing*' technique:
Four-motored Lancaster bombers take off from England, bomb Fried
richshafen, Germany, continue on to North Africa for reloading, then
back to England the following night, bombing Spezia, Italy, on the way

(Acme Telephoto)
Mapped here is the new Great Britain "shuttle bombing*' technique:
Four-motored Lancaster bombers take off from England, bomb Fried
richshafen, Germany, continue on to North Africa for reloading, then
back to England the following night, bombing Spezia, Italy, on the way

(Acme Telephoto)
Mapped here is the new Great Britain "shuttle bombing*' technique:
Four-motored Lancaster bombers take off from England, bomb Fried
richshafen, Germany, continue on to North Africa for reloading, then
back to England the following night, bombing Spezia, Italy, on the way

(Acme Telephoto)
Mapped here is the new Great Britain "shuttle bombing*' technique:
Four-motored Lancaster bombers take off from England, bomb Fried
richshafen, Germany, continue on to North Africa for reloading, then
back to England the following night, bombing Spezia, Italy, on the way

(Acme Telephoto)
Mapped here is the new Great Britain "shuttle bombing*' technique:
Four-motored Lancaster bombers take off from England, bomb Fried
richshafen, Germany, continue on to North Africa for reloading, then
back to England the following night, bombing Spezia, Italy, on the way

(Acme Telephoto)
Mapped here is the new Great Britain "shuttle bombing*' technique:
Four-motored Lancaster bombers take off from England, bomb Fried
richshafen, Germany, continue on to North Africa for reloading, then
back to England the following night, bombing Spezia, Italy, on the way

(Acme Telephoto)
Mapped here is the new Great Britain "shuttle bombing*' technique:
Four-motored Lancaster bombers take off from England, bomb Fried
richshafen, Germany, continue on to North Africa for reloading, then
back to England the following night, bombing Spezia, Italy, on the way

(Acme Telephoto)
Mapped here is the new Great Britain "shuttle bombing*' technique:
Four-motored Lancaster bombers take off from England, bomb Fried
richshafen, Germany, continue on to North Africa for reloading, then
back to England the following night, bombing Spezia, Italy, on the way

(Acme Telephoto)
Mapped here is the new Great Britain "shuttle bombing*' technique:
Four-motored Lancaster bombers take off from England, bomb Fried
richshafen, Germany, continue on to North Africa for reloading, then
back to England the following night, bombing Spezia, Italy, on the way

(Acme Telephoto)
Mapped here is the new Great Britain "shuttle bombing*' technique:
Four-motored Lancaster bombers take off from England, bomb Fried
richshafen, Germany, continue on to North Africa for reloading, then
back to England the following night, bombing Spezia, Italy, on the way

(Acme Telephoto)
Mapped here is the new Great Britain "shuttle bombing*' technique:
Four-motored Lancaster bombers take off from England, bomb Fried
richshafen, Germany, continue on to North Africa for reloading, then
back to England the following night, bombing Spezia, Italy, on the way

(Acme Telephoto)
Mapped here is the new Great Britain "shuttle bombing*' technique:
Four-motored Lancaster bombers take off from England, bomb Fried
richshafen, Germany, continue on to North Africa for reloading, then
back to England the following night, bombing Spezia, Italy, on the way

(Acme Telephoto)
Mapped here is the new Great Britain "shuttle bombing*' technique:
Four-motored Lancaster bombers take off from England, bomb Fried
richshafen, Germany, continue on to North Africa for reloading, then
back to England the following night, bombing Spezia, Italy, on the way

(Acme Telephoto)
Mapped here is the new Great Britain "shuttle bombing*' technique:
Four-motored Lancaster bombers take off from England, bomb Fried
richshafen, Germany, continue on to North Africa for reloading, then
back to England the following night, bombing Spezia, Italy, on the way

(Acme Telephoto)
Mapped here is the new Great Britain "shuttle bombing*' technique:
Four-motored Lancaster bombers take off from England, bomb Fried
richshafen, Germany, continue on to North Africa for reloading, then
back to England the following night, bombing Spezia, Italy, on the way
