# Adv. 11 Page 7
## 
### 
Announcing
Games Grid
Poker
and our
Grand
Opening
£
1,000%
DEPOSIT
BONUS
Fora limited time, get lOx
return on what you deposit,
up to $5,000 bonus: Hurry to
wvyw.gamesarid.com/bonus
for details.
0 ©amesGrid
Q ©Poker
Make your best ploy.
Announcing
Games Grid
Poker
and our
Grand
Opening
£
1,000%
DEPOSIT
BONUS
Fora limited time, get lOx
return on what you deposit,
up to $5,000 bonus: Hurry to
wvyw.gamesarid.com/bonus
for details.
0 ©amesGrid
Q ©Poker
Make your best ploy.
Announcing
Games Grid
Poker
and our
Grand
Opening
£
1,000%
DEPOSIT
BONUS
Fora limited time, get lOx
return on what you deposit,
up to $5,000 bonus: Hurry to
wvyw.gamesarid.com/bonus
for details.
0 ©amesGrid
Q ©Poker
Make your best ploy.
Announcing
Games Grid
Poker
and our
Grand
Opening
£
1,000%
DEPOSIT
BONUS
Fora limited time, get lOx
return on what you deposit,
up to $5,000 bonus: Hurry to
wvyw.gamesarid.com/bonus
for details.
0 ©amesGrid
Q ©Poker
Make your best ploy.
Announcing
Games Grid
Poker
and our
Grand
Opening
£
1,000%
DEPOSIT
BONUS
Fora limited time, get lOx
return on what you deposit,
up to $5,000 bonus: Hurry to
wvyw.gamesarid.com/bonus
for details.
0 ©amesGrid
Q ©Poker
Make your best ploy.
Announcing
Games Grid
Poker
and our
Grand
Opening
£
1,000%
DEPOSIT
BONUS
Fora limited time, get lOx
return on what you deposit,
up to $5,000 bonus: Hurry to
wvyw.gamesarid.com/bonus
for details.
0 ©amesGrid
Q ©Poker
Make your best ploy.
Announcing
Games Grid
Poker
and our
Grand
Opening
£
1,000%
DEPOSIT
BONUS
Fora limited time, get lOx
return on what you deposit,
up to $5,000 bonus: Hurry to
wvyw.gamesarid.com/bonus
for details.
0 ©amesGrid
Q ©Poker
Make your best ploy.
