# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
I
DON'T MiSS
this
TAILORING
SALE !
Suits tailored to your ex
act measure. Guaranteed
perfect in every detail.
$39.50, $44.50
$49.50
Phelps-Terkel
538 RAMONA STREET
I
DON'T MiSS
this
TAILORING
SALE !
Suits tailored to your ex
act measure. Guaranteed
perfect in every detail.
$39.50, $44.50
$49.50
Phelps-Terkel
538 RAMONA STREET
I
DON'T MiSS
this
TAILORING
SALE !
Suits tailored to your ex
act measure. Guaranteed
perfect in every detail.
$39.50, $44.50
$49.50
Phelps-Terkel
538 RAMONA STREET
I
DON'T MiSS
this
TAILORING
SALE !
Suits tailored to your ex
act measure. Guaranteed
perfect in every detail.
$39.50, $44.50
$49.50
Phelps-Terkel
538 RAMONA STREET
I
DON'T MiSS
this
TAILORING
SALE !
Suits tailored to your ex
act measure. Guaranteed
perfect in every detail.
$39.50, $44.50
$49.50
Phelps-Terkel
538 RAMONA STREET
I
DON'T MiSS
this
TAILORING
SALE !
Suits tailored to your ex
act measure. Guaranteed
perfect in every detail.
$39.50, $44.50
$49.50
Phelps-Terkel
538 RAMONA STREET
I
DON'T MiSS
this
TAILORING
SALE !
Suits tailored to your ex
act measure. Guaranteed
perfect in every detail.
$39.50, $44.50
$49.50
Phelps-Terkel
538 RAMONA STREET
I
DON'T MiSS
this
TAILORING
SALE !
Suits tailored to your ex
act measure. Guaranteed
perfect in every detail.
$39.50, $44.50
$49.50
Phelps-Terkel
538 RAMONA STREET
I
DON'T MiSS
this
TAILORING
SALE !
Suits tailored to your ex
act measure. Guaranteed
perfect in every detail.
$39.50, $44.50
$49.50
Phelps-Terkel
538 RAMONA STREET
I
DON'T MiSS
this
TAILORING
SALE !
Suits tailored to your ex
act measure. Guaranteed
perfect in every detail.
$39.50, $44.50
$49.50
Phelps-Terkel
538 RAMONA STREET
I
DON'T MiSS
this
TAILORING
SALE !
Suits tailored to your ex
act measure. Guaranteed
perfect in every detail.
$39.50, $44.50
$49.50
Phelps-Terkel
538 RAMONA STREET
I
DON'T MiSS
this
TAILORING
SALE !
Suits tailored to your ex
act measure. Guaranteed
perfect in every detail.
$39.50, $44.50
$49.50
Phelps-Terkel
538 RAMONA STREET
I
DON'T MiSS
this
TAILORING
SALE !
Suits tailored to your ex
act measure. Guaranteed
perfect in every detail.
$39.50, $44.50
$49.50
Phelps-Terkel
538 RAMONA STREET
I
DON'T MiSS
this
TAILORING
SALE !
Suits tailored to your ex
act measure. Guaranteed
perfect in every detail.
$39.50, $44.50
$49.50
Phelps-Terkel
538 RAMONA STREET
I
DON'T MiSS
this
TAILORING
SALE !
Suits tailored to your ex
act measure. Guaranteed
perfect in every detail.
$39.50, $44.50
$49.50
Phelps-Terkel
538 RAMONA STREET
