# CARD BOXING SQUAD MEETS U.C. VARSITY
## 
### 
Eleven leather-pushers of the In
dian varsity boxing squad will blaze
away at California's best this com
ing Thursday night, hoping to bring
away the titles to eight weight di
visions, from Hie midget dynamo, A1
Velarde, at 119 pounds, lo big gun
Wes Muller in the unlimited divi
sion.
Tho bouts, which start at 8 o'clock
in the evening, will be held in the
California gymnasium, admission
free lo holders of student body cards
and a nominal sum to outsiders.
Coach Ulysses Schall of the Stan
ford team expects his boys to show
well, as there are but five veterans
returning to the Bear ranks.
The Stanford team, besides Ve
larde, who is new but shows plenty
of talent, and Muller, who is inter
ested in the game and shows much
possibility, includes the following:
Cabby Caballero at 129, Bob Gran
tier and Ralph Purdy at 139, Waldo
Munday and either Randy Hill or
Ben Cave at 149, Colin McCorriston
and Tom Morrow at 159, Clarence de
Veuve at IC9. and John Fowler at
179.
All of the men first named in each
class are University champions ex
cept McCorriston in the 159-pound
class, who moves up into the place
left by Waldo Munday, who lost
weight and entered the 149-pound
division, replacing Bill Sullivan,
who is ineligible; and de Veuve in
the 169-pound class, who replaces
Bob Moore, holder *>f both boxing
and wrestling titles at his weight,
but now ineligible.
