# Guns, Iron Men
## 
### 
Artillery roared in Vienna streets
last night as Dolfuss started to sav
agely supress Austrian Socialists.
Rioting mobs, revolutionary strikes
were in evidence. Death toll had
risen above 150. Fighting centered
around electric power plant in Vi
enna, more scraps elsewhere in city
and country. Iron man Dolfuss, de
claring martial law, is having hard
time putting screws on. We think
he'll make it.
Artillery roared in Vienna streets
last night as Dolfuss started to sav
agely supress Austrian Socialists.
Rioting mobs, revolutionary strikes
were in evidence. Death toll had
risen above 150. Fighting centered
around electric power plant in Vi
enna, more scraps elsewhere in city
and country. Iron man Dolfuss, de
claring martial law, is having hard
time putting screws on. We think
he'll make it.
Artillery roared in Vienna streets
last night as Dolfuss started to sav
agely supress Austrian Socialists.
Rioting mobs, revolutionary strikes
were in evidence. Death toll had
risen above 150. Fighting centered
around electric power plant in Vi
enna, more scraps elsewhere in city
and country. Iron man Dolfuss, de
claring martial law, is having hard
time putting screws on. We think
he'll make it.
Artillery roared in Vienna streets
last night as Dolfuss started to sav
agely supress Austrian Socialists.
Rioting mobs, revolutionary strikes
were in evidence. Death toll had
risen above 150. Fighting centered
around electric power plant in Vi
enna, more scraps elsewhere in city
and country. Iron man Dolfuss, de
claring martial law, is having hard
time putting screws on. We think
he'll make it.
Artillery roared in Vienna streets
last night as Dolfuss started to sav
agely supress Austrian Socialists.
Rioting mobs, revolutionary strikes
were in evidence. Death toll had
risen above 150. Fighting centered
around electric power plant in Vi
enna, more scraps elsewhere in city
and country. Iron man Dolfuss, de
claring martial law, is having hard
time putting screws on. We think
he'll make it.
Artillery roared in Vienna streets
last night as Dolfuss started to sav
agely supress Austrian Socialists.
Rioting mobs, revolutionary strikes
were in evidence. Death toll had
risen above 150. Fighting centered
around electric power plant in Vi
enna, more scraps elsewhere in city
and country. Iron man Dolfuss, de
claring martial law, is having hard
time putting screws on. We think
he'll make it.
Artillery roared in Vienna streets
last night as Dolfuss started to sav
agely supress Austrian Socialists.
Rioting mobs, revolutionary strikes
were in evidence. Death toll had
risen above 150. Fighting centered
around electric power plant in Vi
enna, more scraps elsewhere in city
and country. Iron man Dolfuss, de
claring martial law, is having hard
time putting screws on. We think
he'll make it.
Artillery roared in Vienna streets
last night as Dolfuss started to sav
agely supress Austrian Socialists.
Rioting mobs, revolutionary strikes
were in evidence. Death toll had
risen above 150. Fighting centered
around electric power plant in Vi
enna, more scraps elsewhere in city
and country. Iron man Dolfuss, de
claring martial law, is having hard
time putting screws on. We think
he'll make it.
Artillery roared in Vienna streets
last night as Dolfuss started to sav
agely supress Austrian Socialists.
Rioting mobs, revolutionary strikes
were in evidence. Death toll had
risen above 150. Fighting centered
around electric power plant in Vi
enna, more scraps elsewhere in city
and country. Iron man Dolfuss, de
claring martial law, is having hard
time putting screws on. We think
he'll make it.
Artillery roared in Vienna streets
last night as Dolfuss started to sav
agely supress Austrian Socialists.
Rioting mobs, revolutionary strikes
were in evidence. Death toll had
risen above 150. Fighting centered
around electric power plant in Vi
enna, more scraps elsewhere in city
and country. Iron man Dolfuss, de
claring martial law, is having hard
time putting screws on. We think
he'll make it.
Artillery roared in Vienna streets
last night as Dolfuss started to sav
agely supress Austrian Socialists.
Rioting mobs, revolutionary strikes
were in evidence. Death toll had
risen above 150. Fighting centered
around electric power plant in Vi
enna, more scraps elsewhere in city
and country. Iron man Dolfuss, de
claring martial law, is having hard
time putting screws on. We think
he'll make it.
Artillery roared in Vienna streets
last night as Dolfuss started to sav
agely supress Austrian Socialists.
Rioting mobs, revolutionary strikes
were in evidence. Death toll had
risen above 150. Fighting centered
around electric power plant in Vi
enna, more scraps elsewhere in city
and country. Iron man Dolfuss, de
claring martial law, is having hard
time putting screws on. We think
he'll make it.
Artillery roared in Vienna streets
last night as Dolfuss started to sav
agely supress Austrian Socialists.
Rioting mobs, revolutionary strikes
were in evidence. Death toll had
risen above 150. Fighting centered
around electric power plant in Vi
enna, more scraps elsewhere in city
and country. Iron man Dolfuss, de
claring martial law, is having hard
time putting screws on. We think
he'll make it.
Artillery roared in Vienna streets
last night as Dolfuss started to sav
agely supress Austrian Socialists.
Rioting mobs, revolutionary strikes
were in evidence. Death toll had
risen above 150. Fighting centered
around electric power plant in Vi
enna, more scraps elsewhere in city
and country. Iron man Dolfuss, de
claring martial law, is having hard
time putting screws on. We think
he'll make it.
Artillery roared in Vienna streets
last night as Dolfuss started to sav
agely supress Austrian Socialists.
Rioting mobs, revolutionary strikes
were in evidence. Death toll had
risen above 150. Fighting centered
around electric power plant in Vi
enna, more scraps elsewhere in city
and country. Iron man Dolfuss, de
claring martial law, is having hard
time putting screws on. We think
he'll make it.
