# Briefly
## 
### 
$5000 reward
Police are still looking for informa
tion regarding the July 1976 murder
of Edward "Ned" McNeill, a post
doctoral researcher in the Chemistry
Department. He was strangled in his
Menlo Park apartment. Anyone with
information leading to the arrest and
conviction of the person or persons
involved is urged to call Detective
Larry Shannon of the Menlo Park
Police Department. A $5000 reward is
offered by McNeill's father.
Bloodmobile
The bloodmobile will be at the Law
School today from 9:30 a.m. to 1: 30
p.m.
Photo contest extended
The deadline for entries to the Dai
ly's Third Annual Photography con
test has been extended to Feb. 17.
The contest is open to all Stanford
students, faculty and staff. Entries
should be brought to the Daily of
fice.
