# Pre-Reg Com Posts Open
## 
### 
TYc-registration Committee try
outs have boon extended through
tomorrow afternoon from .'5 until
5:30 in room 12, third floor, of the
Women's Clubhouse.
According to John Phelps, com
mittee chairman, 35 positions are
open on tlie committee. Candi
dates will he judged on personali
ty, new ideas for pre registration
and availability during live pre
leg period? added co-chairman Sal
ly Mason.
No sign-up for interviews is re
quired. Tomorrow is the last day
of interviews.
The committee will begin to
function early next, quarter as
plans get under way for next
year's pre-reg week. Committee
members will return to Stanford
Sept. 21 to begin freshman orien
tation, which starts Sept. 21. All
aspects of greeting incoming
freshmen, as well as orienting
graduate and transfer students,
are handled bv the committee.
TYc-registration Committee try
outs have boon extended through
tomorrow afternoon from .'5 until
5:30 in room 12, third floor, of the
Women's Clubhouse.
According to John Phelps, com
mittee chairman, 35 positions are
open on tlie committee. Candi
dates will he judged on personali
ty, new ideas for pre registration
and availability during live pre
leg period? added co-chairman Sal
ly Mason.
No sign-up for interviews is re
quired. Tomorrow is the last day
of interviews.
The committee will begin to
function early next, quarter as
plans get under way for next
year's pre-reg week. Committee
members will return to Stanford
Sept. 21 to begin freshman orien
tation, which starts Sept. 21. All
aspects of greeting incoming
freshmen, as well as orienting
graduate and transfer students,
are handled bv the committee.
TYc-registration Committee try
outs have boon extended through
tomorrow afternoon from .'5 until
5:30 in room 12, third floor, of the
Women's Clubhouse.
According to John Phelps, com
mittee chairman, 35 positions are
open on tlie committee. Candi
dates will he judged on personali
ty, new ideas for pre registration
and availability during live pre
leg period? added co-chairman Sal
ly Mason.
No sign-up for interviews is re
quired. Tomorrow is the last day
of interviews.
The committee will begin to
function early next, quarter as
plans get under way for next
year's pre-reg week. Committee
members will return to Stanford
Sept. 21 to begin freshman orien
tation, which starts Sept. 21. All
aspects of greeting incoming
freshmen, as well as orienting
graduate and transfer students,
are handled bv the committee.
TYc-registration Committee try
outs have boon extended through
tomorrow afternoon from .'5 until
5:30 in room 12, third floor, of the
Women's Clubhouse.
According to John Phelps, com
mittee chairman, 35 positions are
open on tlie committee. Candi
dates will he judged on personali
ty, new ideas for pre registration
and availability during live pre
leg period? added co-chairman Sal
ly Mason.
No sign-up for interviews is re
quired. Tomorrow is the last day
of interviews.
The committee will begin to
function early next, quarter as
plans get under way for next
year's pre-reg week. Committee
members will return to Stanford
Sept. 21 to begin freshman orien
tation, which starts Sept. 21. All
aspects of greeting incoming
freshmen, as well as orienting
graduate and transfer students,
are handled bv the committee.
TYc-registration Committee try
outs have boon extended through
tomorrow afternoon from .'5 until
5:30 in room 12, third floor, of the
Women's Clubhouse.
According to John Phelps, com
mittee chairman, 35 positions are
open on tlie committee. Candi
dates will he judged on personali
ty, new ideas for pre registration
and availability during live pre
leg period? added co-chairman Sal
ly Mason.
No sign-up for interviews is re
quired. Tomorrow is the last day
of interviews.
The committee will begin to
function early next, quarter as
plans get under way for next
year's pre-reg week. Committee
members will return to Stanford
Sept. 21 to begin freshman orien
tation, which starts Sept. 21. All
aspects of greeting incoming
freshmen, as well as orienting
graduate and transfer students,
are handled bv the committee.
TYc-registration Committee try
outs have boon extended through
tomorrow afternoon from .'5 until
5:30 in room 12, third floor, of the
Women's Clubhouse.
According to John Phelps, com
mittee chairman, 35 positions are
open on tlie committee. Candi
dates will he judged on personali
ty, new ideas for pre registration
and availability during live pre
leg period? added co-chairman Sal
ly Mason.
No sign-up for interviews is re
quired. Tomorrow is the last day
of interviews.
The committee will begin to
function early next, quarter as
plans get under way for next
year's pre-reg week. Committee
members will return to Stanford
Sept. 21 to begin freshman orien
tation, which starts Sept. 21. All
aspects of greeting incoming
freshmen, as well as orienting
graduate and transfer students,
are handled bv the committee.
TYc-registration Committee try
outs have boon extended through
tomorrow afternoon from .'5 until
5:30 in room 12, third floor, of the
Women's Clubhouse.
According to John Phelps, com
mittee chairman, 35 positions are
open on tlie committee. Candi
dates will he judged on personali
ty, new ideas for pre registration
and availability during live pre
leg period? added co-chairman Sal
ly Mason.
No sign-up for interviews is re
quired. Tomorrow is the last day
of interviews.
The committee will begin to
function early next, quarter as
plans get under way for next
year's pre-reg week. Committee
members will return to Stanford
Sept. 21 to begin freshman orien
tation, which starts Sept. 21. All
aspects of greeting incoming
freshmen, as well as orienting
graduate and transfer students,
are handled bv the committee.
TYc-registration Committee try
outs have boon extended through
tomorrow afternoon from .'5 until
5:30 in room 12, third floor, of the
Women's Clubhouse.
According to John Phelps, com
mittee chairman, 35 positions are
open on tlie committee. Candi
dates will he judged on personali
ty, new ideas for pre registration
and availability during live pre
leg period? added co-chairman Sal
ly Mason.
No sign-up for interviews is re
quired. Tomorrow is the last day
of interviews.
The committee will begin to
function early next, quarter as
plans get under way for next
year's pre-reg week. Committee
members will return to Stanford
Sept. 21 to begin freshman orien
tation, which starts Sept. 21. All
aspects of greeting incoming
freshmen, as well as orienting
graduate and transfer students,
are handled bv the committee.
TYc-registration Committee try
outs have boon extended through
tomorrow afternoon from .'5 until
5:30 in room 12, third floor, of the
Women's Clubhouse.
According to John Phelps, com
mittee chairman, 35 positions are
open on tlie committee. Candi
dates will he judged on personali
ty, new ideas for pre registration
and availability during live pre
leg period? added co-chairman Sal
ly Mason.
No sign-up for interviews is re
quired. Tomorrow is the last day
of interviews.
The committee will begin to
function early next, quarter as
plans get under way for next
year's pre-reg week. Committee
members will return to Stanford
Sept. 21 to begin freshman orien
tation, which starts Sept. 21. All
aspects of greeting incoming
freshmen, as well as orienting
graduate and transfer students,
are handled bv the committee.
TYc-registration Committee try
outs have boon extended through
tomorrow afternoon from .'5 until
5:30 in room 12, third floor, of the
Women's Clubhouse.
According to John Phelps, com
mittee chairman, 35 positions are
open on tlie committee. Candi
dates will he judged on personali
ty, new ideas for pre registration
and availability during live pre
leg period? added co-chairman Sal
ly Mason.
No sign-up for interviews is re
quired. Tomorrow is the last day
of interviews.
The committee will begin to
function early next, quarter as
plans get under way for next
year's pre-reg week. Committee
members will return to Stanford
Sept. 21 to begin freshman orien
tation, which starts Sept. 21. All
aspects of greeting incoming
freshmen, as well as orienting
graduate and transfer students,
are handled bv the committee.
TYc-registration Committee try
outs have boon extended through
tomorrow afternoon from .'5 until
5:30 in room 12, third floor, of the
Women's Clubhouse.
According to John Phelps, com
mittee chairman, 35 positions are
open on tlie committee. Candi
dates will he judged on personali
ty, new ideas for pre registration
and availability during live pre
leg period? added co-chairman Sal
ly Mason.
No sign-up for interviews is re
quired. Tomorrow is the last day
of interviews.
The committee will begin to
function early next, quarter as
plans get under way for next
year's pre-reg week. Committee
members will return to Stanford
Sept. 21 to begin freshman orien
tation, which starts Sept. 21. All
aspects of greeting incoming
freshmen, as well as orienting
graduate and transfer students,
are handled bv the committee.
TYc-registration Committee try
outs have boon extended through
tomorrow afternoon from .'5 until
5:30 in room 12, third floor, of the
Women's Clubhouse.
According to John Phelps, com
mittee chairman, 35 positions are
open on tlie committee. Candi
dates will he judged on personali
ty, new ideas for pre registration
and availability during live pre
leg period? added co-chairman Sal
ly Mason.
No sign-up for interviews is re
quired. Tomorrow is the last day
of interviews.
The committee will begin to
function early next, quarter as
plans get under way for next
year's pre-reg week. Committee
members will return to Stanford
Sept. 21 to begin freshman orien
tation, which starts Sept. 21. All
aspects of greeting incoming
freshmen, as well as orienting
graduate and transfer students,
are handled bv the committee.
TYc-registration Committee try
outs have boon extended through
tomorrow afternoon from .'5 until
5:30 in room 12, third floor, of the
Women's Clubhouse.
According to John Phelps, com
mittee chairman, 35 positions are
open on tlie committee. Candi
dates will he judged on personali
ty, new ideas for pre registration
and availability during live pre
leg period? added co-chairman Sal
ly Mason.
No sign-up for interviews is re
quired. Tomorrow is the last day
of interviews.
The committee will begin to
function early next, quarter as
plans get under way for next
year's pre-reg week. Committee
members will return to Stanford
Sept. 21 to begin freshman orien
tation, which starts Sept. 21. All
aspects of greeting incoming
freshmen, as well as orienting
graduate and transfer students,
are handled bv the committee.
TYc-registration Committee try
outs have boon extended through
tomorrow afternoon from .'5 until
5:30 in room 12, third floor, of the
Women's Clubhouse.
According to John Phelps, com
mittee chairman, 35 positions are
open on tlie committee. Candi
dates will he judged on personali
ty, new ideas for pre registration
and availability during live pre
leg period? added co-chairman Sal
ly Mason.
No sign-up for interviews is re
quired. Tomorrow is the last day
of interviews.
The committee will begin to
function early next, quarter as
plans get under way for next
year's pre-reg week. Committee
members will return to Stanford
Sept. 21 to begin freshman orien
tation, which starts Sept. 21. All
aspects of greeting incoming
freshmen, as well as orienting
graduate and transfer students,
are handled bv the committee.
TYc-registration Committee try
outs have boon extended through
tomorrow afternoon from .'5 until
5:30 in room 12, third floor, of the
Women's Clubhouse.
According to John Phelps, com
mittee chairman, 35 positions are
open on tlie committee. Candi
dates will he judged on personali
ty, new ideas for pre registration
and availability during live pre
leg period? added co-chairman Sal
ly Mason.
No sign-up for interviews is re
quired. Tomorrow is the last day
of interviews.
The committee will begin to
function early next, quarter as
plans get under way for next
year's pre-reg week. Committee
members will return to Stanford
Sept. 21 to begin freshman orien
tation, which starts Sept. 21. All
aspects of greeting incoming
freshmen, as well as orienting
graduate and transfer students,
are handled bv the committee.
TYc-registration Committee try
outs have boon extended through
tomorrow afternoon from .'5 until
5:30 in room 12, third floor, of the
Women's Clubhouse.
According to John Phelps, com
mittee chairman, 35 positions are
open on tlie committee. Candi
dates will he judged on personali
ty, new ideas for pre registration
and availability during live pre
leg period? added co-chairman Sal
ly Mason.
No sign-up for interviews is re
quired. Tomorrow is the last day
of interviews.
The committee will begin to
function early next, quarter as
plans get under way for next
year's pre-reg week. Committee
members will return to Stanford
Sept. 21 to begin freshman orien
tation, which starts Sept. 21. All
aspects of greeting incoming
freshmen, as well as orienting
graduate and transfer students,
are handled bv the committee.
TYc-registration Committee try
outs have boon extended through
tomorrow afternoon from .'5 until
5:30 in room 12, third floor, of the
Women's Clubhouse.
According to John Phelps, com
mittee chairman, 35 positions are
open on tlie committee. Candi
dates will he judged on personali
ty, new ideas for pre registration
and availability during live pre
leg period? added co-chairman Sal
ly Mason.
No sign-up for interviews is re
quired. Tomorrow is the last day
of interviews.
The committee will begin to
function early next, quarter as
plans get under way for next
year's pre-reg week. Committee
members will return to Stanford
Sept. 21 to begin freshman orien
tation, which starts Sept. 21. All
aspects of greeting incoming
freshmen, as well as orienting
graduate and transfer students,
are handled bv the committee.
