# Know Your Indians
## 
### 
Carruth (6-2, 170 lbs., 19-year
old junior from San Jose), win
ner in eight matches as varsity
netman last year, could bo the
big "if" in this year's title
hopes. Strong player with good
strokes; should be a definite
threat to move into a top var
sity spot; is one of most con
sistent performers on the team
with good net play. He was
fifth last year. Major: Pre-Law.

Hilgeman (5-10, 170 lbs., 19-
year-old sophomore from Mo
desto), up from last year's
frosh team, is a most promising
prospect. A very determined
competitor who may move up
all the way to the top if he can
develop a stronger offensive
game. Had excellent record last
year, and is looking even better'
this year. Major: Industrial
Engineering.


LOWELL CARRUTH


ROBIN HILGEMAN
Carruth (6-2, 170 lbs., 19-year
old junior from San Jose), win
ner in eight matches as varsity
netman last year, could bo the
big "if" in this year's title
hopes. Strong player with good
strokes; should be a definite
threat to move into a top var
sity spot; is one of most con
sistent performers on the team
with good net play. He was
fifth last year. Major: Pre-Law.

Hilgeman (5-10, 170 lbs., 19-
year-old sophomore from Mo
desto), up from last year's
frosh team, is a most promising
prospect. A very determined
competitor who may move up
all the way to the top if he can
develop a stronger offensive
game. Had excellent record last
year, and is looking even better'
this year. Major: Industrial
Engineering.


LOWELL CARRUTH


ROBIN HILGEMAN
Carruth (6-2, 170 lbs., 19-year
old junior from San Jose), win
ner in eight matches as varsity
netman last year, could bo the
big "if" in this year's title
hopes. Strong player with good
strokes; should be a definite
threat to move into a top var
sity spot; is one of most con
sistent performers on the team
with good net play. He was
fifth last year. Major: Pre-Law.

Hilgeman (5-10, 170 lbs., 19-
year-old sophomore from Mo
desto), up from last year's
frosh team, is a most promising
prospect. A very determined
competitor who may move up
all the way to the top if he can
develop a stronger offensive
game. Had excellent record last
year, and is looking even better'
this year. Major: Industrial
Engineering.


LOWELL CARRUTH


ROBIN HILGEMAN
Carruth (6-2, 170 lbs., 19-year
old junior from San Jose), win
ner in eight matches as varsity
netman last year, could bo the
big "if" in this year's title
hopes. Strong player with good
strokes; should be a definite
threat to move into a top var
sity spot; is one of most con
sistent performers on the team
with good net play. He was
fifth last year. Major: Pre-Law.

Hilgeman (5-10, 170 lbs., 19-
year-old sophomore from Mo
desto), up from last year's
frosh team, is a most promising
prospect. A very determined
competitor who may move up
all the way to the top if he can
develop a stronger offensive
game. Had excellent record last
year, and is looking even better'
this year. Major: Industrial
Engineering.


LOWELL CARRUTH


ROBIN HILGEMAN
Carruth (6-2, 170 lbs., 19-year
old junior from San Jose), win
ner in eight matches as varsity
netman last year, could bo the
big "if" in this year's title
hopes. Strong player with good
strokes; should be a definite
threat to move into a top var
sity spot; is one of most con
sistent performers on the team
with good net play. He was
fifth last year. Major: Pre-Law.

Hilgeman (5-10, 170 lbs., 19-
year-old sophomore from Mo
desto), up from last year's
frosh team, is a most promising
prospect. A very determined
competitor who may move up
all the way to the top if he can
develop a stronger offensive
game. Had excellent record last
year, and is looking even better'
this year. Major: Industrial
Engineering.


LOWELL CARRUTH


ROBIN HILGEMAN
Carruth (6-2, 170 lbs., 19-year
old junior from San Jose), win
ner in eight matches as varsity
netman last year, could bo the
big "if" in this year's title
hopes. Strong player with good
strokes; should be a definite
threat to move into a top var
sity spot; is one of most con
sistent performers on the team
with good net play. He was
fifth last year. Major: Pre-Law.

Hilgeman (5-10, 170 lbs., 19-
year-old sophomore from Mo
desto), up from last year's
frosh team, is a most promising
prospect. A very determined
competitor who may move up
all the way to the top if he can
develop a stronger offensive
game. Had excellent record last
year, and is looking even better'
this year. Major: Industrial
Engineering.


LOWELL CARRUTH


ROBIN HILGEMAN
Carruth (6-2, 170 lbs., 19-year
old junior from San Jose), win
ner in eight matches as varsity
netman last year, could bo the
big "if" in this year's title
hopes. Strong player with good
strokes; should be a definite
threat to move into a top var
sity spot; is one of most con
sistent performers on the team
with good net play. He was
fifth last year. Major: Pre-Law.

Hilgeman (5-10, 170 lbs., 19-
year-old sophomore from Mo
desto), up from last year's
frosh team, is a most promising
prospect. A very determined
competitor who may move up
all the way to the top if he can
develop a stronger offensive
game. Had excellent record last
year, and is looking even better'
this year. Major: Industrial
Engineering.


LOWELL CARRUTH


ROBIN HILGEMAN
Carruth (6-2, 170 lbs., 19-year
old junior from San Jose), win
ner in eight matches as varsity
netman last year, could bo the
big "if" in this year's title
hopes. Strong player with good
strokes; should be a definite
threat to move into a top var
sity spot; is one of most con
sistent performers on the team
with good net play. He was
fifth last year. Major: Pre-Law.

Hilgeman (5-10, 170 lbs., 19-
year-old sophomore from Mo
desto), up from last year's
frosh team, is a most promising
prospect. A very determined
competitor who may move up
all the way to the top if he can
develop a stronger offensive
game. Had excellent record last
year, and is looking even better'
this year. Major: Industrial
Engineering.


LOWELL CARRUTH


ROBIN HILGEMAN
Carruth (6-2, 170 lbs., 19-year
old junior from San Jose), win
ner in eight matches as varsity
netman last year, could bo the
big "if" in this year's title
hopes. Strong player with good
strokes; should be a definite
threat to move into a top var
sity spot; is one of most con
sistent performers on the team
with good net play. He was
fifth last year. Major: Pre-Law.

Hilgeman (5-10, 170 lbs., 19-
year-old sophomore from Mo
desto), up from last year's
frosh team, is a most promising
prospect. A very determined
competitor who may move up
all the way to the top if he can
develop a stronger offensive
game. Had excellent record last
year, and is looking even better'
this year. Major: Industrial
Engineering.


LOWELL CARRUTH


ROBIN HILGEMAN
Carruth (6-2, 170 lbs., 19-year
old junior from San Jose), win
ner in eight matches as varsity
netman last year, could bo the
big "if" in this year's title
hopes. Strong player with good
strokes; should be a definite
threat to move into a top var
sity spot; is one of most con
sistent performers on the team
with good net play. He was
fifth last year. Major: Pre-Law.

Hilgeman (5-10, 170 lbs., 19-
year-old sophomore from Mo
desto), up from last year's
frosh team, is a most promising
prospect. A very determined
competitor who may move up
all the way to the top if he can
develop a stronger offensive
game. Had excellent record last
year, and is looking even better'
this year. Major: Industrial
Engineering.


LOWELL CARRUTH


ROBIN HILGEMAN
Carruth (6-2, 170 lbs., 19-year
old junior from San Jose), win
ner in eight matches as varsity
netman last year, could bo the
big "if" in this year's title
hopes. Strong player with good
strokes; should be a definite
threat to move into a top var
sity spot; is one of most con
sistent performers on the team
with good net play. He was
fifth last year. Major: Pre-Law.

Hilgeman (5-10, 170 lbs., 19-
year-old sophomore from Mo
desto), up from last year's
frosh team, is a most promising
prospect. A very determined
competitor who may move up
all the way to the top if he can
develop a stronger offensive
game. Had excellent record last
year, and is looking even better'
this year. Major: Industrial
Engineering.


LOWELL CARRUTH


ROBIN HILGEMAN
Carruth (6-2, 170 lbs., 19-year
old junior from San Jose), win
ner in eight matches as varsity
netman last year, could bo the
big "if" in this year's title
hopes. Strong player with good
strokes; should be a definite
threat to move into a top var
sity spot; is one of most con
sistent performers on the team
with good net play. He was
fifth last year. Major: Pre-Law.

Hilgeman (5-10, 170 lbs., 19-
year-old sophomore from Mo
desto), up from last year's
frosh team, is a most promising
prospect. A very determined
competitor who may move up
all the way to the top if he can
develop a stronger offensive
game. Had excellent record last
year, and is looking even better'
this year. Major: Industrial
Engineering.


LOWELL CARRUTH


ROBIN HILGEMAN
Carruth (6-2, 170 lbs., 19-year
old junior from San Jose), win
ner in eight matches as varsity
netman last year, could bo the
big "if" in this year's title
hopes. Strong player with good
strokes; should be a definite
threat to move into a top var
sity spot; is one of most con
sistent performers on the team
with good net play. He was
fifth last year. Major: Pre-Law.

Hilgeman (5-10, 170 lbs., 19-
year-old sophomore from Mo
desto), up from last year's
frosh team, is a most promising
prospect. A very determined
competitor who may move up
all the way to the top if he can
develop a stronger offensive
game. Had excellent record last
year, and is looking even better'
this year. Major: Industrial
Engineering.


LOWELL CARRUTH


ROBIN HILGEMAN
Carruth (6-2, 170 lbs., 19-year
old junior from San Jose), win
ner in eight matches as varsity
netman last year, could bo the
big "if" in this year's title
hopes. Strong player with good
strokes; should be a definite
threat to move into a top var
sity spot; is one of most con
sistent performers on the team
with good net play. He was
fifth last year. Major: Pre-Law.

Hilgeman (5-10, 170 lbs., 19-
year-old sophomore from Mo
desto), up from last year's
frosh team, is a most promising
prospect. A very determined
competitor who may move up
all the way to the top if he can
develop a stronger offensive
game. Had excellent record last
year, and is looking even better'
this year. Major: Industrial
Engineering.


LOWELL CARRUTH


ROBIN HILGEMAN
Carruth (6-2, 170 lbs., 19-year
old junior from San Jose), win
ner in eight matches as varsity
netman last year, could bo the
big "if" in this year's title
hopes. Strong player with good
strokes; should be a definite
threat to move into a top var
sity spot; is one of most con
sistent performers on the team
with good net play. He was
fifth last year. Major: Pre-Law.

Hilgeman (5-10, 170 lbs., 19-
year-old sophomore from Mo
desto), up from last year's
frosh team, is a most promising
prospect. A very determined
competitor who may move up
all the way to the top if he can
develop a stronger offensive
game. Had excellent record last
year, and is looking even better'
this year. Major: Industrial
Engineering.


LOWELL CARRUTH


ROBIN HILGEMAN
Carruth (6-2, 170 lbs., 19-year
old junior from San Jose), win
ner in eight matches as varsity
netman last year, could bo the
big "if" in this year's title
hopes. Strong player with good
strokes; should be a definite
threat to move into a top var
sity spot; is one of most con
sistent performers on the team
with good net play. He was
fifth last year. Major: Pre-Law.

Hilgeman (5-10, 170 lbs., 19-
year-old sophomore from Mo
desto), up from last year's
frosh team, is a most promising
prospect. A very determined
competitor who may move up
all the way to the top if he can
develop a stronger offensive
game. Had excellent record last
year, and is looking even better'
this year. Major: Industrial
Engineering.


LOWELL CARRUTH


ROBIN HILGEMAN
Carruth (6-2, 170 lbs., 19-year
old junior from San Jose), win
ner in eight matches as varsity
netman last year, could bo the
big "if" in this year's title
hopes. Strong player with good
strokes; should be a definite
threat to move into a top var
sity spot; is one of most con
sistent performers on the team
with good net play. He was
fifth last year. Major: Pre-Law.

Hilgeman (5-10, 170 lbs., 19-
year-old sophomore from Mo
desto), up from last year's
frosh team, is a most promising
prospect. A very determined
competitor who may move up
all the way to the top if he can
develop a stronger offensive
game. Had excellent record last
year, and is looking even better'
this year. Major: Industrial
Engineering.


LOWELL CARRUTH


ROBIN HILGEMAN
