# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The legal fraternity of Delta Chi lias
founded a chapter at California, with
fifteen initiates, all members of the
Field Law Club. The chapter will be
installed May 1.
The legal fraternity of Delta Chi lias
founded a chapter at California, with
fifteen initiates, all members of the
Field Law Club. The chapter will be
installed May 1.
The legal fraternity of Delta Chi lias
founded a chapter at California, with
fifteen initiates, all members of the
Field Law Club. The chapter will be
installed May 1.
The legal fraternity of Delta Chi lias
founded a chapter at California, with
fifteen initiates, all members of the
Field Law Club. The chapter will be
installed May 1.
The legal fraternity of Delta Chi lias
founded a chapter at California, with
fifteen initiates, all members of the
Field Law Club. The chapter will be
installed May 1.
The legal fraternity of Delta Chi lias
founded a chapter at California, with
fifteen initiates, all members of the
Field Law Club. The chapter will be
installed May 1.
The legal fraternity of Delta Chi lias
founded a chapter at California, with
fifteen initiates, all members of the
Field Law Club. The chapter will be
installed May 1.
The legal fraternity of Delta Chi lias
founded a chapter at California, with
fifteen initiates, all members of the
Field Law Club. The chapter will be
installed May 1.
The legal fraternity of Delta Chi lias
founded a chapter at California, with
fifteen initiates, all members of the
Field Law Club. The chapter will be
installed May 1.
The legal fraternity of Delta Chi lias
founded a chapter at California, with
fifteen initiates, all members of the
Field Law Club. The chapter will be
installed May 1.
