# WALLY'S EX MARRIED
## 
### 
FAIRFIELD, Conn., Nov. 18 (U.R).
—Ernest Simpson, divorced husband
of the Duchess of Windsor, was mar
ried today to Mrs. Mary K. RafTray.
Justice of the Peace Ned E. Ostmark
performed the ceremony at Brook
lawn Country Club.
FAIRFIELD, Conn., Nov. 18 (U.R).
—Ernest Simpson, divorced husband
of the Duchess of Windsor, was mar
ried today to Mrs. Mary K. RafTray.
Justice of the Peace Ned E. Ostmark
performed the ceremony at Brook
lawn Country Club.
FAIRFIELD, Conn., Nov. 18 (U.R).
—Ernest Simpson, divorced husband
of the Duchess of Windsor, was mar
ried today to Mrs. Mary K. RafTray.
Justice of the Peace Ned E. Ostmark
performed the ceremony at Brook
lawn Country Club.
FAIRFIELD, Conn., Nov. 18 (U.R).
—Ernest Simpson, divorced husband
of the Duchess of Windsor, was mar
ried today to Mrs. Mary K. RafTray.
Justice of the Peace Ned E. Ostmark
performed the ceremony at Brook
lawn Country Club.
FAIRFIELD, Conn., Nov. 18 (U.R).
—Ernest Simpson, divorced husband
of the Duchess of Windsor, was mar
ried today to Mrs. Mary K. RafTray.
Justice of the Peace Ned E. Ostmark
performed the ceremony at Brook
lawn Country Club.
FAIRFIELD, Conn., Nov. 18 (U.R).
—Ernest Simpson, divorced husband
of the Duchess of Windsor, was mar
ried today to Mrs. Mary K. RafTray.
Justice of the Peace Ned E. Ostmark
performed the ceremony at Brook
lawn Country Club.
FAIRFIELD, Conn., Nov. 18 (U.R).
—Ernest Simpson, divorced husband
of the Duchess of Windsor, was mar
ried today to Mrs. Mary K. RafTray.
Justice of the Peace Ned E. Ostmark
performed the ceremony at Brook
lawn Country Club.
FAIRFIELD, Conn., Nov. 18 (U.R).
—Ernest Simpson, divorced husband
of the Duchess of Windsor, was mar
ried today to Mrs. Mary K. RafTray.
Justice of the Peace Ned E. Ostmark
performed the ceremony at Brook
lawn Country Club.
FAIRFIELD, Conn., Nov. 18 (U.R).
—Ernest Simpson, divorced husband
of the Duchess of Windsor, was mar
ried today to Mrs. Mary K. RafTray.
Justice of the Peace Ned E. Ostmark
performed the ceremony at Brook
lawn Country Club.
FAIRFIELD, Conn., Nov. 18 (U.R).
—Ernest Simpson, divorced husband
of the Duchess of Windsor, was mar
ried today to Mrs. Mary K. RafTray.
Justice of the Peace Ned E. Ostmark
performed the ceremony at Brook
lawn Country Club.
FAIRFIELD, Conn., Nov. 18 (U.R).
—Ernest Simpson, divorced husband
of the Duchess of Windsor, was mar
ried today to Mrs. Mary K. RafTray.
Justice of the Peace Ned E. Ostmark
performed the ceremony at Brook
lawn Country Club.
FAIRFIELD, Conn., Nov. 18 (U.R).
—Ernest Simpson, divorced husband
of the Duchess of Windsor, was mar
ried today to Mrs. Mary K. RafTray.
Justice of the Peace Ned E. Ostmark
performed the ceremony at Brook
lawn Country Club.
FAIRFIELD, Conn., Nov. 18 (U.R).
—Ernest Simpson, divorced husband
of the Duchess of Windsor, was mar
ried today to Mrs. Mary K. RafTray.
Justice of the Peace Ned E. Ostmark
performed the ceremony at Brook
lawn Country Club.
FAIRFIELD, Conn., Nov. 18 (U.R).
—Ernest Simpson, divorced husband
of the Duchess of Windsor, was mar
ried today to Mrs. Mary K. RafTray.
Justice of the Peace Ned E. Ostmark
performed the ceremony at Brook
lawn Country Club.
FAIRFIELD, Conn., Nov. 18 (U.R).
—Ernest Simpson, divorced husband
of the Duchess of Windsor, was mar
ried today to Mrs. Mary K. RafTray.
Justice of the Peace Ned E. Ostmark
performed the ceremony at Brook
lawn Country Club.
FAIRFIELD, Conn., Nov. 18 (U.R).
—Ernest Simpson, divorced husband
of the Duchess of Windsor, was mar
ried today to Mrs. Mary K. RafTray.
Justice of the Peace Ned E. Ostmark
performed the ceremony at Brook
lawn Country Club.
