# ROBLE TO SERVE LUNCH
## 
### 
Buffet luncheon will be served in
both of Roble's dining rooms to
morrow from 11:30 to 12:30 o'clock.
Guest tickets were on sale for two
days
Buffet luncheon will be served in
both of Roble's dining rooms to
morrow from 11:30 to 12:30 o'clock.
Guest tickets were on sale for two
days
Buffet luncheon will be served in
both of Roble's dining rooms to
morrow from 11:30 to 12:30 o'clock.
Guest tickets were on sale for two
days
Buffet luncheon will be served in
both of Roble's dining rooms to
morrow from 11:30 to 12:30 o'clock.
Guest tickets were on sale for two
days
Buffet luncheon will be served in
both of Roble's dining rooms to
morrow from 11:30 to 12:30 o'clock.
Guest tickets were on sale for two
days
Buffet luncheon will be served in
both of Roble's dining rooms to
morrow from 11:30 to 12:30 o'clock.
Guest tickets were on sale for two
days
Buffet luncheon will be served in
both of Roble's dining rooms to
morrow from 11:30 to 12:30 o'clock.
Guest tickets were on sale for two
days
Buffet luncheon will be served in
both of Roble's dining rooms to
morrow from 11:30 to 12:30 o'clock.
Guest tickets were on sale for two
days
Buffet luncheon will be served in
both of Roble's dining rooms to
morrow from 11:30 to 12:30 o'clock.
Guest tickets were on sale for two
days
Buffet luncheon will be served in
both of Roble's dining rooms to
morrow from 11:30 to 12:30 o'clock.
Guest tickets were on sale for two
days
Buffet luncheon will be served in
both of Roble's dining rooms to
morrow from 11:30 to 12:30 o'clock.
Guest tickets were on sale for two
days
Buffet luncheon will be served in
both of Roble's dining rooms to
morrow from 11:30 to 12:30 o'clock.
Guest tickets were on sale for two
days
Buffet luncheon will be served in
both of Roble's dining rooms to
morrow from 11:30 to 12:30 o'clock.
Guest tickets were on sale for two
days
Buffet luncheon will be served in
both of Roble's dining rooms to
morrow from 11:30 to 12:30 o'clock.
Guest tickets were on sale for two
days
Buffet luncheon will be served in
both of Roble's dining rooms to
morrow from 11:30 to 12:30 o'clock.
Guest tickets were on sale for two
days
Buffet luncheon will be served in
both of Roble's dining rooms to
morrow from 11:30 to 12:30 o'clock.
Guest tickets were on sale for two
days
