# SIGN STOLEN
## 
### 
The Seat Sale sign that the
Dramatics OlTice hangs across
the Row to advertise its wares
has been stolen again, accord
ing to Dramatic Manager Clay
McDanicl. "All I hope is it
didn't go on the Big Game Bon
fire," he said. Anyone finding
the banner is requested to re
turn it to the Office in the Old
Union.
The Seat Sale sign that the
Dramatics OlTice hangs across
the Row to advertise its wares
has been stolen again, accord
ing to Dramatic Manager Clay
McDanicl. "All I hope is it
didn't go on the Big Game Bon
fire," he said. Anyone finding
the banner is requested to re
turn it to the Office in the Old
Union.
The Seat Sale sign that the
Dramatics OlTice hangs across
the Row to advertise its wares
has been stolen again, accord
ing to Dramatic Manager Clay
McDanicl. "All I hope is it
didn't go on the Big Game Bon
fire," he said. Anyone finding
the banner is requested to re
turn it to the Office in the Old
Union.
The Seat Sale sign that the
Dramatics OlTice hangs across
the Row to advertise its wares
has been stolen again, accord
ing to Dramatic Manager Clay
McDanicl. "All I hope is it
didn't go on the Big Game Bon
fire," he said. Anyone finding
the banner is requested to re
turn it to the Office in the Old
Union.
The Seat Sale sign that the
Dramatics OlTice hangs across
the Row to advertise its wares
has been stolen again, accord
ing to Dramatic Manager Clay
McDanicl. "All I hope is it
didn't go on the Big Game Bon
fire," he said. Anyone finding
the banner is requested to re
turn it to the Office in the Old
Union.
The Seat Sale sign that the
Dramatics OlTice hangs across
the Row to advertise its wares
has been stolen again, accord
ing to Dramatic Manager Clay
McDanicl. "All I hope is it
didn't go on the Big Game Bon
fire," he said. Anyone finding
the banner is requested to re
turn it to the Office in the Old
Union.
The Seat Sale sign that the
Dramatics OlTice hangs across
the Row to advertise its wares
has been stolen again, accord
ing to Dramatic Manager Clay
McDanicl. "All I hope is it
didn't go on the Big Game Bon
fire," he said. Anyone finding
the banner is requested to re
turn it to the Office in the Old
Union.
The Seat Sale sign that the
Dramatics OlTice hangs across
the Row to advertise its wares
has been stolen again, accord
ing to Dramatic Manager Clay
McDanicl. "All I hope is it
didn't go on the Big Game Bon
fire," he said. Anyone finding
the banner is requested to re
turn it to the Office in the Old
Union.
The Seat Sale sign that the
Dramatics OlTice hangs across
the Row to advertise its wares
has been stolen again, accord
ing to Dramatic Manager Clay
McDanicl. "All I hope is it
didn't go on the Big Game Bon
fire," he said. Anyone finding
the banner is requested to re
turn it to the Office in the Old
Union.
The Seat Sale sign that the
Dramatics OlTice hangs across
the Row to advertise its wares
has been stolen again, accord
ing to Dramatic Manager Clay
McDanicl. "All I hope is it
didn't go on the Big Game Bon
fire," he said. Anyone finding
the banner is requested to re
turn it to the Office in the Old
Union.
The Seat Sale sign that the
Dramatics OlTice hangs across
the Row to advertise its wares
has been stolen again, accord
ing to Dramatic Manager Clay
McDanicl. "All I hope is it
didn't go on the Big Game Bon
fire," he said. Anyone finding
the banner is requested to re
turn it to the Office in the Old
Union.
The Seat Sale sign that the
Dramatics OlTice hangs across
the Row to advertise its wares
has been stolen again, accord
ing to Dramatic Manager Clay
McDanicl. "All I hope is it
didn't go on the Big Game Bon
fire," he said. Anyone finding
the banner is requested to re
turn it to the Office in the Old
Union.
The Seat Sale sign that the
Dramatics OlTice hangs across
the Row to advertise its wares
has been stolen again, accord
ing to Dramatic Manager Clay
McDanicl. "All I hope is it
didn't go on the Big Game Bon
fire," he said. Anyone finding
the banner is requested to re
turn it to the Office in the Old
Union.
The Seat Sale sign that the
Dramatics OlTice hangs across
the Row to advertise its wares
has been stolen again, accord
ing to Dramatic Manager Clay
McDanicl. "All I hope is it
didn't go on the Big Game Bon
fire," he said. Anyone finding
the banner is requested to re
turn it to the Office in the Old
Union.
The Seat Sale sign that the
Dramatics OlTice hangs across
the Row to advertise its wares
has been stolen again, accord
ing to Dramatic Manager Clay
McDanicl. "All I hope is it
didn't go on the Big Game Bon
fire," he said. Anyone finding
the banner is requested to re
turn it to the Office in the Old
Union.
The Seat Sale sign that the
Dramatics OlTice hangs across
the Row to advertise its wares
has been stolen again, accord
ing to Dramatic Manager Clay
McDanicl. "All I hope is it
didn't go on the Big Game Bon
fire," he said. Anyone finding
the banner is requested to re
turn it to the Office in the Old
Union.
