# SZABO STILL CHAMP
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 17 (UP).
—Sandor Szabo retained the Pacific-
Coast heavyweight wrestling cham
pionship here last night, winning
two out of three falls from Walt
Sirois.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 17 (UP).
—Sandor Szabo retained the Pacific-
Coast heavyweight wrestling cham
pionship here last night, winning
two out of three falls from Walt
Sirois.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 17 (UP).
—Sandor Szabo retained the Pacific-
Coast heavyweight wrestling cham
pionship here last night, winning
two out of three falls from Walt
Sirois.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 17 (UP).
—Sandor Szabo retained the Pacific-
Coast heavyweight wrestling cham
pionship here last night, winning
two out of three falls from Walt
Sirois.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 17 (UP).
—Sandor Szabo retained the Pacific-
Coast heavyweight wrestling cham
pionship here last night, winning
two out of three falls from Walt
Sirois.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 17 (UP).
—Sandor Szabo retained the Pacific-
Coast heavyweight wrestling cham
pionship here last night, winning
two out of three falls from Walt
Sirois.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 17 (UP).
—Sandor Szabo retained the Pacific-
Coast heavyweight wrestling cham
pionship here last night, winning
two out of three falls from Walt
Sirois.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 17 (UP).
—Sandor Szabo retained the Pacific-
Coast heavyweight wrestling cham
pionship here last night, winning
two out of three falls from Walt
Sirois.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 17 (UP).
—Sandor Szabo retained the Pacific-
Coast heavyweight wrestling cham
pionship here last night, winning
two out of three falls from Walt
Sirois.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 17 (UP).
—Sandor Szabo retained the Pacific-
Coast heavyweight wrestling cham
pionship here last night, winning
two out of three falls from Walt
Sirois.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 17 (UP).
—Sandor Szabo retained the Pacific-
Coast heavyweight wrestling cham
pionship here last night, winning
two out of three falls from Walt
Sirois.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 17 (UP).
—Sandor Szabo retained the Pacific-
Coast heavyweight wrestling cham
pionship here last night, winning
two out of three falls from Walt
Sirois.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 17 (UP).
—Sandor Szabo retained the Pacific-
Coast heavyweight wrestling cham
pionship here last night, winning
two out of three falls from Walt
Sirois.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 17 (UP).
—Sandor Szabo retained the Pacific-
Coast heavyweight wrestling cham
pionship here last night, winning
two out of three falls from Walt
Sirois.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 17 (UP).
—Sandor Szabo retained the Pacific-
Coast heavyweight wrestling cham
pionship here last night, winning
two out of three falls from Walt
Sirois.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 17 (UP).
—Sandor Szabo retained the Pacific-
Coast heavyweight wrestling cham
pionship here last night, winning
two out of three falls from Walt
Sirois.
