# Stanford Officers Elected To League
## 
### 
The National Economic League
announced yesterday the election to
membership of the council of four
Stanford officers. The League is a
group which considers labor prob
lems, world peace, business, govern
ment, and similar current problems
The men elected were Ray Lyman
Wilbur, Dr. Eliot Blackwelder, Dr
Chilton R. Bush, and Dr. Harry B
Reynolds,
The National Economic League
announced yesterday the election to
membership of the council of four
Stanford officers. The League is a
group which considers labor prob
lems, world peace, business, govern
ment, and similar current problems
The men elected were Ray Lyman
Wilbur, Dr. Eliot Blackwelder, Dr
Chilton R. Bush, and Dr. Harry B
Reynolds,
The National Economic League
announced yesterday the election to
membership of the council of four
Stanford officers. The League is a
group which considers labor prob
lems, world peace, business, govern
ment, and similar current problems
The men elected were Ray Lyman
Wilbur, Dr. Eliot Blackwelder, Dr
Chilton R. Bush, and Dr. Harry B
Reynolds,
The National Economic League
announced yesterday the election to
membership of the council of four
Stanford officers. The League is a
group which considers labor prob
lems, world peace, business, govern
ment, and similar current problems
The men elected were Ray Lyman
Wilbur, Dr. Eliot Blackwelder, Dr
Chilton R. Bush, and Dr. Harry B
Reynolds,
The National Economic League
announced yesterday the election to
membership of the council of four
Stanford officers. The League is a
group which considers labor prob
lems, world peace, business, govern
ment, and similar current problems
The men elected were Ray Lyman
Wilbur, Dr. Eliot Blackwelder, Dr
Chilton R. Bush, and Dr. Harry B
Reynolds,
The National Economic League
announced yesterday the election to
membership of the council of four
Stanford officers. The League is a
group which considers labor prob
lems, world peace, business, govern
ment, and similar current problems
The men elected were Ray Lyman
Wilbur, Dr. Eliot Blackwelder, Dr
Chilton R. Bush, and Dr. Harry B
Reynolds,
The National Economic League
announced yesterday the election to
membership of the council of four
Stanford officers. The League is a
group which considers labor prob
lems, world peace, business, govern
ment, and similar current problems
The men elected were Ray Lyman
Wilbur, Dr. Eliot Blackwelder, Dr
Chilton R. Bush, and Dr. Harry B
Reynolds,
The National Economic League
announced yesterday the election to
membership of the council of four
Stanford officers. The League is a
group which considers labor prob
lems, world peace, business, govern
ment, and similar current problems
The men elected were Ray Lyman
Wilbur, Dr. Eliot Blackwelder, Dr
Chilton R. Bush, and Dr. Harry B
Reynolds,
The National Economic League
announced yesterday the election to
membership of the council of four
Stanford officers. The League is a
group which considers labor prob
lems, world peace, business, govern
ment, and similar current problems
The men elected were Ray Lyman
Wilbur, Dr. Eliot Blackwelder, Dr
Chilton R. Bush, and Dr. Harry B
Reynolds,
The National Economic League
announced yesterday the election to
membership of the council of four
Stanford officers. The League is a
group which considers labor prob
lems, world peace, business, govern
ment, and similar current problems
The men elected were Ray Lyman
Wilbur, Dr. Eliot Blackwelder, Dr
Chilton R. Bush, and Dr. Harry B
Reynolds,
The National Economic League
announced yesterday the election to
membership of the council of four
Stanford officers. The League is a
group which considers labor prob
lems, world peace, business, govern
ment, and similar current problems
The men elected were Ray Lyman
Wilbur, Dr. Eliot Blackwelder, Dr
Chilton R. Bush, and Dr. Harry B
Reynolds,
The National Economic League
announced yesterday the election to
membership of the council of four
Stanford officers. The League is a
group which considers labor prob
lems, world peace, business, govern
ment, and similar current problems
The men elected were Ray Lyman
Wilbur, Dr. Eliot Blackwelder, Dr
Chilton R. Bush, and Dr. Harry B
Reynolds,
The National Economic League
announced yesterday the election to
membership of the council of four
Stanford officers. The League is a
group which considers labor prob
lems, world peace, business, govern
ment, and similar current problems
The men elected were Ray Lyman
Wilbur, Dr. Eliot Blackwelder, Dr
Chilton R. Bush, and Dr. Harry B
Reynolds,
The National Economic League
announced yesterday the election to
membership of the council of four
Stanford officers. The League is a
group which considers labor prob
lems, world peace, business, govern
ment, and similar current problems
The men elected were Ray Lyman
Wilbur, Dr. Eliot Blackwelder, Dr
Chilton R. Bush, and Dr. Harry B
Reynolds,
The National Economic League
announced yesterday the election to
membership of the council of four
Stanford officers. The League is a
group which considers labor prob
lems, world peace, business, govern
ment, and similar current problems
The men elected were Ray Lyman
Wilbur, Dr. Eliot Blackwelder, Dr
Chilton R. Bush, and Dr. Harry B
Reynolds,
The National Economic League
announced yesterday the election to
membership of the council of four
Stanford officers. The League is a
group which considers labor prob
lems, world peace, business, govern
ment, and similar current problems
The men elected were Ray Lyman
Wilbur, Dr. Eliot Blackwelder, Dr
Chilton R. Bush, and Dr. Harry B
Reynolds,
