# Holtom Robbed By Hitch-hikers
## Robbers Take $1000, Leave Victim Hurt 
### 
Dan Holtom, Stanford Speech and
Drama graduate, is "resting com
fortably" at the Palo Alto Hospital
after a week-end adventure that
left him with a head covered with
bruises and minus $1,000 to $1,200.
Sheriff's deputies were searching
yesterday for two hitch-hikers who
reportedly slugged and robbed Hol
tom and then left him unconscious
in his car on the Skyline boulevard
near Saratoga summit Friday.
FOUND BY WORKERS
Holtom was found by two high
way maintenance workers Saturday
morning. He was partly conscious
and kept asking about his wallet,
which was lying empty on the front
seat next to an opened dispatch box.
The workers took Holtom to Sara
toga, where he was later picked up
by a neighbor and driven to the
hospital. He was reported to be
suffering from a concussion brought
on by recent blows on the head. A
bloodied hammer found in the car
substantiated the theory that he
had been slugged.
Gerald Filtom, brother of Dan,
reported t. he had sent Dan up to
San Francisco to draw the money
for him. During conscious moments,
Dan told his brother he recalled
picking up two hitch-hikers as he
left San Francisco Friday, and that
he remembered nothing more until
Saturday morning on the Skyline.
IN 'SAINT JOAN'
Gerald Holtom, recently returned
from Yokohama, plans to go to a
civil service school in Washington,
D.C. Although the family had noti
fied Palo Alto Poiice when Dan was
missing, when he returned they be
lieved that he was suffering from a
former injury occasioned when a
theater prop fell on him at the Me
morial Theater the previous Thurs
day.
Holtom was cast to play the part
of Cauchon, the chaplain and power
behind the British throne, in the
coming production of "Saint Joan,"
to be presented in the Memorial
Theater Thursday, Friday, and Sat
urday.
Dan Holtom, Stanford Speech and
Drama graduate, is "resting com
fortably" at the Palo Alto Hospital
after a week-end adventure that
left him with a head covered with
bruises and minus $1,000 to $1,200.
Sheriff's deputies were searching
yesterday for two hitch-hikers who
reportedly slugged and robbed Hol
tom and then left him unconscious
in his car on the Skyline boulevard
near Saratoga summit Friday.
FOUND BY WORKERS
Holtom was found by two high
way maintenance workers Saturday
morning. He was partly conscious
and kept asking about his wallet,
which was lying empty on the front
seat next to an opened dispatch box.
The workers took Holtom to Sara
toga, where he was later picked up
by a neighbor and driven to the
hospital. He was reported to be
suffering from a concussion brought
on by recent blows on the head. A
bloodied hammer found in the car
substantiated the theory that he
had been slugged.
Gerald Filtom, brother of Dan,
reported t. he had sent Dan up to
San Francisco to draw the money
for him. During conscious moments,
Dan told his brother he recalled
picking up two hitch-hikers as he
left San Francisco Friday, and that
he remembered nothing more until
Saturday morning on the Skyline.
IN 'SAINT JOAN'
Gerald Holtom, recently returned
from Yokohama, plans to go to a
civil service school in Washington,
D.C. Although the family had noti
fied Palo Alto Poiice when Dan was
missing, when he returned they be
lieved that he was suffering from a
former injury occasioned when a
theater prop fell on him at the Me
morial Theater the previous Thurs
day.
Holtom was cast to play the part
of Cauchon, the chaplain and power
behind the British throne, in the
coming production of "Saint Joan,"
to be presented in the Memorial
Theater Thursday, Friday, and Sat
urday.
Dan Holtom, Stanford Speech and
Drama graduate, is "resting com
fortably" at the Palo Alto Hospital
after a week-end adventure that
left him with a head covered with
bruises and minus $1,000 to $1,200.
Sheriff's deputies were searching
yesterday for two hitch-hikers who
reportedly slugged and robbed Hol
tom and then left him unconscious
in his car on the Skyline boulevard
near Saratoga summit Friday.
FOUND BY WORKERS
Holtom was found by two high
way maintenance workers Saturday
morning. He was partly conscious
and kept asking about his wallet,
which was lying empty on the front
seat next to an opened dispatch box.
The workers took Holtom to Sara
toga, where he was later picked up
by a neighbor and driven to the
hospital. He was reported to be
suffering from a concussion brought
on by recent blows on the head. A
bloodied hammer found in the car
substantiated the theory that he
had been slugged.
Gerald Filtom, brother of Dan,
reported t. he had sent Dan up to
San Francisco to draw the money
for him. During conscious moments,
Dan told his brother he recalled
picking up two hitch-hikers as he
left San Francisco Friday, and that
he remembered nothing more until
Saturday morning on the Skyline.
IN 'SAINT JOAN'
Gerald Holtom, recently returned
from Yokohama, plans to go to a
civil service school in Washington,
D.C. Although the family had noti
fied Palo Alto Poiice when Dan was
missing, when he returned they be
lieved that he was suffering from a
former injury occasioned when a
theater prop fell on him at the Me
morial Theater the previous Thurs
day.
Holtom was cast to play the part
of Cauchon, the chaplain and power
behind the British throne, in the
coming production of "Saint Joan,"
to be presented in the Memorial
Theater Thursday, Friday, and Sat
urday.
Dan Holtom, Stanford Speech and
Drama graduate, is "resting com
fortably" at the Palo Alto Hospital
after a week-end adventure that
left him with a head covered with
bruises and minus $1,000 to $1,200.
Sheriff's deputies were searching
yesterday for two hitch-hikers who
reportedly slugged and robbed Hol
tom and then left him unconscious
in his car on the Skyline boulevard
near Saratoga summit Friday.
FOUND BY WORKERS
Holtom was found by two high
way maintenance workers Saturday
morning. He was partly conscious
and kept asking about his wallet,
which was lying empty on the front
seat next to an opened dispatch box.
The workers took Holtom to Sara
toga, where he was later picked up
by a neighbor and driven to the
hospital. He was reported to be
suffering from a concussion brought
on by recent blows on the head. A
bloodied hammer found in the car
substantiated the theory that he
had been slugged.
Gerald Filtom, brother of Dan,
reported t. he had sent Dan up to
San Francisco to draw the money
for him. During conscious moments,
Dan told his brother he recalled
picking up two hitch-hikers as he
left San Francisco Friday, and that
he remembered nothing more until
Saturday morning on the Skyline.
IN 'SAINT JOAN'
Gerald Holtom, recently returned
from Yokohama, plans to go to a
civil service school in Washington,
D.C. Although the family had noti
fied Palo Alto Poiice when Dan was
missing, when he returned they be
lieved that he was suffering from a
former injury occasioned when a
theater prop fell on him at the Me
morial Theater the previous Thurs
day.
Holtom was cast to play the part
of Cauchon, the chaplain and power
behind the British throne, in the
coming production of "Saint Joan,"
to be presented in the Memorial
Theater Thursday, Friday, and Sat
urday.
Dan Holtom, Stanford Speech and
Drama graduate, is "resting com
fortably" at the Palo Alto Hospital
after a week-end adventure that
left him with a head covered with
bruises and minus $1,000 to $1,200.
Sheriff's deputies were searching
yesterday for two hitch-hikers who
reportedly slugged and robbed Hol
tom and then left him unconscious
in his car on the Skyline boulevard
near Saratoga summit Friday.
FOUND BY WORKERS
Holtom was found by two high
way maintenance workers Saturday
morning. He was partly conscious
and kept asking about his wallet,
which was lying empty on the front
seat next to an opened dispatch box.
The workers took Holtom to Sara
toga, where he was later picked up
by a neighbor and driven to the
hospital. He was reported to be
suffering from a concussion brought
on by recent blows on the head. A
bloodied hammer found in the car
substantiated the theory that he
had been slugged.
Gerald Filtom, brother of Dan,
reported t. he had sent Dan up to
San Francisco to draw the money
for him. During conscious moments,
Dan told his brother he recalled
picking up two hitch-hikers as he
left San Francisco Friday, and that
he remembered nothing more until
Saturday morning on the Skyline.
IN 'SAINT JOAN'
Gerald Holtom, recently returned
from Yokohama, plans to go to a
civil service school in Washington,
D.C. Although the family had noti
fied Palo Alto Poiice when Dan was
missing, when he returned they be
lieved that he was suffering from a
former injury occasioned when a
theater prop fell on him at the Me
morial Theater the previous Thurs
day.
Holtom was cast to play the part
of Cauchon, the chaplain and power
behind the British throne, in the
coming production of "Saint Joan,"
to be presented in the Memorial
Theater Thursday, Friday, and Sat
urday.
Dan Holtom, Stanford Speech and
Drama graduate, is "resting com
fortably" at the Palo Alto Hospital
after a week-end adventure that
left him with a head covered with
bruises and minus $1,000 to $1,200.
Sheriff's deputies were searching
yesterday for two hitch-hikers who
reportedly slugged and robbed Hol
tom and then left him unconscious
in his car on the Skyline boulevard
near Saratoga summit Friday.
FOUND BY WORKERS
Holtom was found by two high
way maintenance workers Saturday
morning. He was partly conscious
and kept asking about his wallet,
which was lying empty on the front
seat next to an opened dispatch box.
The workers took Holtom to Sara
toga, where he was later picked up
by a neighbor and driven to the
hospital. He was reported to be
suffering from a concussion brought
on by recent blows on the head. A
bloodied hammer found in the car
substantiated the theory that he
had been slugged.
Gerald Filtom, brother of Dan,
reported t. he had sent Dan up to
San Francisco to draw the money
for him. During conscious moments,
Dan told his brother he recalled
picking up two hitch-hikers as he
left San Francisco Friday, and that
he remembered nothing more until
Saturday morning on the Skyline.
IN 'SAINT JOAN'
Gerald Holtom, recently returned
from Yokohama, plans to go to a
civil service school in Washington,
D.C. Although the family had noti
fied Palo Alto Poiice when Dan was
missing, when he returned they be
lieved that he was suffering from a
former injury occasioned when a
theater prop fell on him at the Me
morial Theater the previous Thurs
day.
Holtom was cast to play the part
of Cauchon, the chaplain and power
behind the British throne, in the
coming production of "Saint Joan,"
to be presented in the Memorial
Theater Thursday, Friday, and Sat
urday.
Dan Holtom, Stanford Speech and
Drama graduate, is "resting com
fortably" at the Palo Alto Hospital
after a week-end adventure that
left him with a head covered with
bruises and minus $1,000 to $1,200.
Sheriff's deputies were searching
yesterday for two hitch-hikers who
reportedly slugged and robbed Hol
tom and then left him unconscious
in his car on the Skyline boulevard
near Saratoga summit Friday.
FOUND BY WORKERS
Holtom was found by two high
way maintenance workers Saturday
morning. He was partly conscious
and kept asking about his wallet,
which was lying empty on the front
seat next to an opened dispatch box.
The workers took Holtom to Sara
toga, where he was later picked up
by a neighbor and driven to the
hospital. He was reported to be
suffering from a concussion brought
on by recent blows on the head. A
bloodied hammer found in the car
substantiated the theory that he
had been slugged.
Gerald Filtom, brother of Dan,
reported t. he had sent Dan up to
San Francisco to draw the money
for him. During conscious moments,
Dan told his brother he recalled
picking up two hitch-hikers as he
left San Francisco Friday, and that
he remembered nothing more until
Saturday morning on the Skyline.
IN 'SAINT JOAN'
Gerald Holtom, recently returned
from Yokohama, plans to go to a
civil service school in Washington,
D.C. Although the family had noti
fied Palo Alto Poiice when Dan was
missing, when he returned they be
lieved that he was suffering from a
former injury occasioned when a
theater prop fell on him at the Me
morial Theater the previous Thurs
day.
Holtom was cast to play the part
of Cauchon, the chaplain and power
behind the British throne, in the
coming production of "Saint Joan,"
to be presented in the Memorial
Theater Thursday, Friday, and Sat
urday.
Dan Holtom, Stanford Speech and
Drama graduate, is "resting com
fortably" at the Palo Alto Hospital
after a week-end adventure that
left him with a head covered with
bruises and minus $1,000 to $1,200.
Sheriff's deputies were searching
yesterday for two hitch-hikers who
reportedly slugged and robbed Hol
tom and then left him unconscious
in his car on the Skyline boulevard
near Saratoga summit Friday.
FOUND BY WORKERS
Holtom was found by two high
way maintenance workers Saturday
morning. He was partly conscious
and kept asking about his wallet,
which was lying empty on the front
seat next to an opened dispatch box.
The workers took Holtom to Sara
toga, where he was later picked up
by a neighbor and driven to the
hospital. He was reported to be
suffering from a concussion brought
on by recent blows on the head. A
bloodied hammer found in the car
substantiated the theory that he
had been slugged.
Gerald Filtom, brother of Dan,
reported t. he had sent Dan up to
San Francisco to draw the money
for him. During conscious moments,
Dan told his brother he recalled
picking up two hitch-hikers as he
left San Francisco Friday, and that
he remembered nothing more until
Saturday morning on the Skyline.
IN 'SAINT JOAN'
Gerald Holtom, recently returned
from Yokohama, plans to go to a
civil service school in Washington,
D.C. Although the family had noti
fied Palo Alto Poiice when Dan was
missing, when he returned they be
lieved that he was suffering from a
former injury occasioned when a
theater prop fell on him at the Me
morial Theater the previous Thurs
day.
Holtom was cast to play the part
of Cauchon, the chaplain and power
behind the British throne, in the
coming production of "Saint Joan,"
to be presented in the Memorial
Theater Thursday, Friday, and Sat
urday.
Dan Holtom, Stanford Speech and
Drama graduate, is "resting com
fortably" at the Palo Alto Hospital
after a week-end adventure that
left him with a head covered with
bruises and minus $1,000 to $1,200.
Sheriff's deputies were searching
yesterday for two hitch-hikers who
reportedly slugged and robbed Hol
tom and then left him unconscious
in his car on the Skyline boulevard
near Saratoga summit Friday.
FOUND BY WORKERS
Holtom was found by two high
way maintenance workers Saturday
morning. He was partly conscious
and kept asking about his wallet,
which was lying empty on the front
seat next to an opened dispatch box.
The workers took Holtom to Sara
toga, where he was later picked up
by a neighbor and driven to the
hospital. He was reported to be
suffering from a concussion brought
on by recent blows on the head. A
bloodied hammer found in the car
substantiated the theory that he
had been slugged.
Gerald Filtom, brother of Dan,
reported t. he had sent Dan up to
San Francisco to draw the money
for him. During conscious moments,
Dan told his brother he recalled
picking up two hitch-hikers as he
left San Francisco Friday, and that
he remembered nothing more until
Saturday morning on the Skyline.
IN 'SAINT JOAN'
Gerald Holtom, recently returned
from Yokohama, plans to go to a
civil service school in Washington,
D.C. Although the family had noti
fied Palo Alto Poiice when Dan was
missing, when he returned they be
lieved that he was suffering from a
former injury occasioned when a
theater prop fell on him at the Me
morial Theater the previous Thurs
day.
Holtom was cast to play the part
of Cauchon, the chaplain and power
behind the British throne, in the
coming production of "Saint Joan,"
to be presented in the Memorial
Theater Thursday, Friday, and Sat
urday.
Dan Holtom, Stanford Speech and
Drama graduate, is "resting com
fortably" at the Palo Alto Hospital
after a week-end adventure that
left him with a head covered with
bruises and minus $1,000 to $1,200.
Sheriff's deputies were searching
yesterday for two hitch-hikers who
reportedly slugged and robbed Hol
tom and then left him unconscious
in his car on the Skyline boulevard
near Saratoga summit Friday.
FOUND BY WORKERS
Holtom was found by two high
way maintenance workers Saturday
morning. He was partly conscious
and kept asking about his wallet,
which was lying empty on the front
seat next to an opened dispatch box.
The workers took Holtom to Sara
toga, where he was later picked up
by a neighbor and driven to the
hospital. He was reported to be
suffering from a concussion brought
on by recent blows on the head. A
bloodied hammer found in the car
substantiated the theory that he
had been slugged.
Gerald Filtom, brother of Dan,
reported t. he had sent Dan up to
San Francisco to draw the money
for him. During conscious moments,
Dan told his brother he recalled
picking up two hitch-hikers as he
left San Francisco Friday, and that
he remembered nothing more until
Saturday morning on the Skyline.
IN 'SAINT JOAN'
Gerald Holtom, recently returned
from Yokohama, plans to go to a
civil service school in Washington,
D.C. Although the family had noti
fied Palo Alto Poiice when Dan was
missing, when he returned they be
lieved that he was suffering from a
former injury occasioned when a
theater prop fell on him at the Me
morial Theater the previous Thurs
day.
Holtom was cast to play the part
of Cauchon, the chaplain and power
behind the British throne, in the
coming production of "Saint Joan,"
to be presented in the Memorial
Theater Thursday, Friday, and Sat
urday.
Dan Holtom, Stanford Speech and
Drama graduate, is "resting com
fortably" at the Palo Alto Hospital
after a week-end adventure that
left him with a head covered with
bruises and minus $1,000 to $1,200.
Sheriff's deputies were searching
yesterday for two hitch-hikers who
reportedly slugged and robbed Hol
tom and then left him unconscious
in his car on the Skyline boulevard
near Saratoga summit Friday.
FOUND BY WORKERS
Holtom was found by two high
way maintenance workers Saturday
morning. He was partly conscious
and kept asking about his wallet,
which was lying empty on the front
seat next to an opened dispatch box.
The workers took Holtom to Sara
toga, where he was later picked up
by a neighbor and driven to the
hospital. He was reported to be
suffering from a concussion brought
on by recent blows on the head. A
bloodied hammer found in the car
substantiated the theory that he
had been slugged.
Gerald Filtom, brother of Dan,
reported t. he had sent Dan up to
San Francisco to draw the money
for him. During conscious moments,
Dan told his brother he recalled
picking up two hitch-hikers as he
left San Francisco Friday, and that
he remembered nothing more until
Saturday morning on the Skyline.
IN 'SAINT JOAN'
Gerald Holtom, recently returned
from Yokohama, plans to go to a
civil service school in Washington,
D.C. Although the family had noti
fied Palo Alto Poiice when Dan was
missing, when he returned they be
lieved that he was suffering from a
former injury occasioned when a
theater prop fell on him at the Me
morial Theater the previous Thurs
day.
Holtom was cast to play the part
of Cauchon, the chaplain and power
behind the British throne, in the
coming production of "Saint Joan,"
to be presented in the Memorial
Theater Thursday, Friday, and Sat
urday.
Dan Holtom, Stanford Speech and
Drama graduate, is "resting com
fortably" at the Palo Alto Hospital
after a week-end adventure that
left him with a head covered with
bruises and minus $1,000 to $1,200.
Sheriff's deputies were searching
yesterday for two hitch-hikers who
reportedly slugged and robbed Hol
tom and then left him unconscious
in his car on the Skyline boulevard
near Saratoga summit Friday.
FOUND BY WORKERS
Holtom was found by two high
way maintenance workers Saturday
morning. He was partly conscious
and kept asking about his wallet,
which was lying empty on the front
seat next to an opened dispatch box.
The workers took Holtom to Sara
toga, where he was later picked up
by a neighbor and driven to the
hospital. He was reported to be
suffering from a concussion brought
on by recent blows on the head. A
bloodied hammer found in the car
substantiated the theory that he
had been slugged.
Gerald Filtom, brother of Dan,
reported t. he had sent Dan up to
San Francisco to draw the money
for him. During conscious moments,
Dan told his brother he recalled
picking up two hitch-hikers as he
left San Francisco Friday, and that
he remembered nothing more until
Saturday morning on the Skyline.
IN 'SAINT JOAN'
Gerald Holtom, recently returned
from Yokohama, plans to go to a
civil service school in Washington,
D.C. Although the family had noti
fied Palo Alto Poiice when Dan was
missing, when he returned they be
lieved that he was suffering from a
former injury occasioned when a
theater prop fell on him at the Me
morial Theater the previous Thurs
day.
Holtom was cast to play the part
of Cauchon, the chaplain and power
behind the British throne, in the
coming production of "Saint Joan,"
to be presented in the Memorial
Theater Thursday, Friday, and Sat
urday.
Dan Holtom, Stanford Speech and
Drama graduate, is "resting com
fortably" at the Palo Alto Hospital
after a week-end adventure that
left him with a head covered with
bruises and minus $1,000 to $1,200.
Sheriff's deputies were searching
yesterday for two hitch-hikers who
reportedly slugged and robbed Hol
tom and then left him unconscious
in his car on the Skyline boulevard
near Saratoga summit Friday.
FOUND BY WORKERS
Holtom was found by two high
way maintenance workers Saturday
morning. He was partly conscious
and kept asking about his wallet,
which was lying empty on the front
seat next to an opened dispatch box.
The workers took Holtom to Sara
toga, where he was later picked up
by a neighbor and driven to the
hospital. He was reported to be
suffering from a concussion brought
on by recent blows on the head. A
bloodied hammer found in the car
substantiated the theory that he
had been slugged.
Gerald Filtom, brother of Dan,
reported t. he had sent Dan up to
San Francisco to draw the money
for him. During conscious moments,
Dan told his brother he recalled
picking up two hitch-hikers as he
left San Francisco Friday, and that
he remembered nothing more until
Saturday morning on the Skyline.
IN 'SAINT JOAN'
Gerald Holtom, recently returned
from Yokohama, plans to go to a
civil service school in Washington,
D.C. Although the family had noti
fied Palo Alto Poiice when Dan was
missing, when he returned they be
lieved that he was suffering from a
former injury occasioned when a
theater prop fell on him at the Me
morial Theater the previous Thurs
day.
Holtom was cast to play the part
of Cauchon, the chaplain and power
behind the British throne, in the
coming production of "Saint Joan,"
to be presented in the Memorial
Theater Thursday, Friday, and Sat
urday.
Dan Holtom, Stanford Speech and
Drama graduate, is "resting com
fortably" at the Palo Alto Hospital
after a week-end adventure that
left him with a head covered with
bruises and minus $1,000 to $1,200.
Sheriff's deputies were searching
yesterday for two hitch-hikers who
reportedly slugged and robbed Hol
tom and then left him unconscious
in his car on the Skyline boulevard
near Saratoga summit Friday.
FOUND BY WORKERS
Holtom was found by two high
way maintenance workers Saturday
morning. He was partly conscious
and kept asking about his wallet,
which was lying empty on the front
seat next to an opened dispatch box.
The workers took Holtom to Sara
toga, where he was later picked up
by a neighbor and driven to the
hospital. He was reported to be
suffering from a concussion brought
on by recent blows on the head. A
bloodied hammer found in the car
substantiated the theory that he
had been slugged.
Gerald Filtom, brother of Dan,
reported t. he had sent Dan up to
San Francisco to draw the money
for him. During conscious moments,
Dan told his brother he recalled
picking up two hitch-hikers as he
left San Francisco Friday, and that
he remembered nothing more until
Saturday morning on the Skyline.
IN 'SAINT JOAN'
Gerald Holtom, recently returned
from Yokohama, plans to go to a
civil service school in Washington,
D.C. Although the family had noti
fied Palo Alto Poiice when Dan was
missing, when he returned they be
lieved that he was suffering from a
former injury occasioned when a
theater prop fell on him at the Me
morial Theater the previous Thurs
day.
Holtom was cast to play the part
of Cauchon, the chaplain and power
behind the British throne, in the
coming production of "Saint Joan,"
to be presented in the Memorial
Theater Thursday, Friday, and Sat
urday.
Dan Holtom, Stanford Speech and
Drama graduate, is "resting com
fortably" at the Palo Alto Hospital
after a week-end adventure that
left him with a head covered with
bruises and minus $1,000 to $1,200.
Sheriff's deputies were searching
yesterday for two hitch-hikers who
reportedly slugged and robbed Hol
tom and then left him unconscious
in his car on the Skyline boulevard
near Saratoga summit Friday.
FOUND BY WORKERS
Holtom was found by two high
way maintenance workers Saturday
morning. He was partly conscious
and kept asking about his wallet,
which was lying empty on the front
seat next to an opened dispatch box.
The workers took Holtom to Sara
toga, where he was later picked up
by a neighbor and driven to the
hospital. He was reported to be
suffering from a concussion brought
on by recent blows on the head. A
bloodied hammer found in the car
substantiated the theory that he
had been slugged.
Gerald Filtom, brother of Dan,
reported t. he had sent Dan up to
San Francisco to draw the money
for him. During conscious moments,
Dan told his brother he recalled
picking up two hitch-hikers as he
left San Francisco Friday, and that
he remembered nothing more until
Saturday morning on the Skyline.
IN 'SAINT JOAN'
Gerald Holtom, recently returned
from Yokohama, plans to go to a
civil service school in Washington,
D.C. Although the family had noti
fied Palo Alto Poiice when Dan was
missing, when he returned they be
lieved that he was suffering from a
former injury occasioned when a
theater prop fell on him at the Me
morial Theater the previous Thurs
day.
Holtom was cast to play the part
of Cauchon, the chaplain and power
behind the British throne, in the
coming production of "Saint Joan,"
to be presented in the Memorial
Theater Thursday, Friday, and Sat
urday.
Dan Holtom, Stanford Speech and
Drama graduate, is "resting com
fortably" at the Palo Alto Hospital
after a week-end adventure that
left him with a head covered with
bruises and minus $1,000 to $1,200.
Sheriff's deputies were searching
yesterday for two hitch-hikers who
reportedly slugged and robbed Hol
tom and then left him unconscious
in his car on the Skyline boulevard
near Saratoga summit Friday.
FOUND BY WORKERS
Holtom was found by two high
way maintenance workers Saturday
morning. He was partly conscious
and kept asking about his wallet,
which was lying empty on the front
seat next to an opened dispatch box.
The workers took Holtom to Sara
toga, where he was later picked up
by a neighbor and driven to the
hospital. He was reported to be
suffering from a concussion brought
on by recent blows on the head. A
bloodied hammer found in the car
substantiated the theory that he
had been slugged.
Gerald Filtom, brother of Dan,
reported t. he had sent Dan up to
San Francisco to draw the money
for him. During conscious moments,
Dan told his brother he recalled
picking up two hitch-hikers as he
left San Francisco Friday, and that
he remembered nothing more until
Saturday morning on the Skyline.
IN 'SAINT JOAN'
Gerald Holtom, recently returned
from Yokohama, plans to go to a
civil service school in Washington,
D.C. Although the family had noti
fied Palo Alto Poiice when Dan was
missing, when he returned they be
lieved that he was suffering from a
former injury occasioned when a
theater prop fell on him at the Me
morial Theater the previous Thurs
day.
Holtom was cast to play the part
of Cauchon, the chaplain and power
behind the British throne, in the
coming production of "Saint Joan,"
to be presented in the Memorial
Theater Thursday, Friday, and Sat
urday.
Dan Holtom, Stanford Speech and
Drama graduate, is "resting com
fortably" at the Palo Alto Hospital
after a week-end adventure that
left him with a head covered with
bruises and minus $1,000 to $1,200.
Sheriff's deputies were searching
yesterday for two hitch-hikers who
reportedly slugged and robbed Hol
tom and then left him unconscious
in his car on the Skyline boulevard
near Saratoga summit Friday.
FOUND BY WORKERS
Holtom was found by two high
way maintenance workers Saturday
morning. He was partly conscious
and kept asking about his wallet,
which was lying empty on the front
seat next to an opened dispatch box.
The workers took Holtom to Sara
toga, where he was later picked up
by a neighbor and driven to the
hospital. He was reported to be
suffering from a concussion brought
on by recent blows on the head. A
bloodied hammer found in the car
substantiated the theory that he
had been slugged.
Gerald Filtom, brother of Dan,
reported t. he had sent Dan up to
San Francisco to draw the money
for him. During conscious moments,
Dan told his brother he recalled
picking up two hitch-hikers as he
left San Francisco Friday, and that
he remembered nothing more until
Saturday morning on the Skyline.
IN 'SAINT JOAN'
Gerald Holtom, recently returned
from Yokohama, plans to go to a
civil service school in Washington,
D.C. Although the family had noti
fied Palo Alto Poiice when Dan was
missing, when he returned they be
lieved that he was suffering from a
former injury occasioned when a
theater prop fell on him at the Me
morial Theater the previous Thurs
day.
Holtom was cast to play the part
of Cauchon, the chaplain and power
behind the British throne, in the
coming production of "Saint Joan,"
to be presented in the Memorial
Theater Thursday, Friday, and Sat
urday.
Dan Holtom, Stanford Speech and
Drama graduate, is "resting com
fortably" at the Palo Alto Hospital
after a week-end adventure that
left him with a head covered with
bruises and minus $1,000 to $1,200.
Sheriff's deputies were searching
yesterday for two hitch-hikers who
reportedly slugged and robbed Hol
tom and then left him unconscious
in his car on the Skyline boulevard
near Saratoga summit Friday.
FOUND BY WORKERS
Holtom was found by two high
way maintenance workers Saturday
morning. He was partly conscious
and kept asking about his wallet,
which was lying empty on the front
seat next to an opened dispatch box.
The workers took Holtom to Sara
toga, where he was later picked up
by a neighbor and driven to the
hospital. He was reported to be
suffering from a concussion brought
on by recent blows on the head. A
bloodied hammer found in the car
substantiated the theory that he
had been slugged.
Gerald Filtom, brother of Dan,
reported t. he had sent Dan up to
San Francisco to draw the money
for him. During conscious moments,
Dan told his brother he recalled
picking up two hitch-hikers as he
left San Francisco Friday, and that
he remembered nothing more until
Saturday morning on the Skyline.
IN 'SAINT JOAN'
Gerald Holtom, recently returned
from Yokohama, plans to go to a
civil service school in Washington,
D.C. Although the family had noti
fied Palo Alto Poiice when Dan was
missing, when he returned they be
lieved that he was suffering from a
former injury occasioned when a
theater prop fell on him at the Me
morial Theater the previous Thurs
day.
Holtom was cast to play the part
of Cauchon, the chaplain and power
behind the British throne, in the
coming production of "Saint Joan,"
to be presented in the Memorial
Theater Thursday, Friday, and Sat
urday.
