# Juniors Win Swim Contest
## 
### 
Winning the two relay races and
gathering in firsts in the 200-yard
breast stroke and diving events, the
highly-favored junior team won the
annual interclass swimming meet
Saturday with a total of 57 points.
The sophomore team was second
with 38 points, followed closely by
the frosh with .'55, while the one
man . senior team of Roy Vitousek
was only able to mark up 12 count
ers on the board.
As expected, Vitousek was the in
dividual star of the meet, taking
first in both the 50- and 100-yard
free style contests. His time of
24.0 seconds in the shorter event
missed his own University record by
.1 second, while his time of 54 flat
for the 100-yard race was the fast
est in intercollegiate swimming so
far this year.
The long-awaited race between
Singer of the juniors and Todd
Gardner of the frosh in the 200-
yard breaststroke event was won by
Singer, while Howie Adams won the
diving from classmate Bill Card to
give the juniors their other two
firsts.
100-yard freestyle: Vitousek, sr;
Miller, jr.; Regnolds, jr; Munroe, fr.;
Young, jr.
50-yard freestyle: Vitousek; Mil
ler; Young; Vanina, so; Stelle, jr.
220-yard freestyle: Munroe; Smith,
so; Buseh, so.; Barker, so; Geh
rels, jr.
440-yard freestyle: Smith, Jones,
Busch, and Barker, all sophomores,
and Weingarten, frosh.
440-yard relay: Won by juniors
(Young, Regnolds, Stelle, and
Miller). Frosh second, sophomores
third.
200-yard breaststroke: Singer,
Gardner, Weingarten.
300-yard medley relay: Won by
juniors (Canning; Singer, Regnolds);
frosh second.
50-yard backstroke: Colyear, so.;
Canning; Lee, fr.

A total of 203.539 automobile tour
ists entered California during No
vember.
Winning the two relay races and
gathering in firsts in the 200-yard
breast stroke and diving events, the
highly-favored junior team won the
annual interclass swimming meet
Saturday with a total of 57 points.
The sophomore team was second
with 38 points, followed closely by
the frosh with .'55, while the one
man . senior team of Roy Vitousek
was only able to mark up 12 count
ers on the board.
As expected, Vitousek was the in
dividual star of the meet, taking
first in both the 50- and 100-yard
free style contests. His time of
24.0 seconds in the shorter event
missed his own University record by
.1 second, while his time of 54 flat
for the 100-yard race was the fast
est in intercollegiate swimming so
far this year.
The long-awaited race between
Singer of the juniors and Todd
Gardner of the frosh in the 200-
yard breaststroke event was won by
Singer, while Howie Adams won the
diving from classmate Bill Card to
give the juniors their other two
firsts.
100-yard freestyle: Vitousek, sr;
Miller, jr.; Regnolds, jr; Munroe, fr.;
Young, jr.
50-yard freestyle: Vitousek; Mil
ler; Young; Vanina, so; Stelle, jr.
220-yard freestyle: Munroe; Smith,
so; Buseh, so.; Barker, so; Geh
rels, jr.
440-yard freestyle: Smith, Jones,
Busch, and Barker, all sophomores,
and Weingarten, frosh.
440-yard relay: Won by juniors
(Young, Regnolds, Stelle, and
Miller). Frosh second, sophomores
third.
200-yard breaststroke: Singer,
Gardner, Weingarten.
300-yard medley relay: Won by
juniors (Canning; Singer, Regnolds);
frosh second.
50-yard backstroke: Colyear, so.;
Canning; Lee, fr.

A total of 203.539 automobile tour
ists entered California during No
vember.
Winning the two relay races and
gathering in firsts in the 200-yard
breast stroke and diving events, the
highly-favored junior team won the
annual interclass swimming meet
Saturday with a total of 57 points.
The sophomore team was second
with 38 points, followed closely by
the frosh with .'55, while the one
man . senior team of Roy Vitousek
was only able to mark up 12 count
ers on the board.
As expected, Vitousek was the in
dividual star of the meet, taking
first in both the 50- and 100-yard
free style contests. His time of
24.0 seconds in the shorter event
missed his own University record by
.1 second, while his time of 54 flat
for the 100-yard race was the fast
est in intercollegiate swimming so
far this year.
The long-awaited race between
Singer of the juniors and Todd
Gardner of the frosh in the 200-
yard breaststroke event was won by
Singer, while Howie Adams won the
diving from classmate Bill Card to
give the juniors their other two
firsts.
100-yard freestyle: Vitousek, sr;
Miller, jr.; Regnolds, jr; Munroe, fr.;
Young, jr.
50-yard freestyle: Vitousek; Mil
ler; Young; Vanina, so; Stelle, jr.
220-yard freestyle: Munroe; Smith,
so; Buseh, so.; Barker, so; Geh
rels, jr.
440-yard freestyle: Smith, Jones,
Busch, and Barker, all sophomores,
and Weingarten, frosh.
440-yard relay: Won by juniors
(Young, Regnolds, Stelle, and
Miller). Frosh second, sophomores
third.
200-yard breaststroke: Singer,
Gardner, Weingarten.
300-yard medley relay: Won by
juniors (Canning; Singer, Regnolds);
frosh second.
50-yard backstroke: Colyear, so.;
Canning; Lee, fr.

A total of 203.539 automobile tour
ists entered California during No
vember.
Winning the two relay races and
gathering in firsts in the 200-yard
breast stroke and diving events, the
highly-favored junior team won the
annual interclass swimming meet
Saturday with a total of 57 points.
The sophomore team was second
with 38 points, followed closely by
the frosh with .'55, while the one
man . senior team of Roy Vitousek
was only able to mark up 12 count
ers on the board.
As expected, Vitousek was the in
dividual star of the meet, taking
first in both the 50- and 100-yard
free style contests. His time of
24.0 seconds in the shorter event
missed his own University record by
.1 second, while his time of 54 flat
for the 100-yard race was the fast
est in intercollegiate swimming so
far this year.
The long-awaited race between
Singer of the juniors and Todd
Gardner of the frosh in the 200-
yard breaststroke event was won by
Singer, while Howie Adams won the
diving from classmate Bill Card to
give the juniors their other two
firsts.
100-yard freestyle: Vitousek, sr;
Miller, jr.; Regnolds, jr; Munroe, fr.;
Young, jr.
50-yard freestyle: Vitousek; Mil
ler; Young; Vanina, so; Stelle, jr.
220-yard freestyle: Munroe; Smith,
so; Buseh, so.; Barker, so; Geh
rels, jr.
440-yard freestyle: Smith, Jones,
Busch, and Barker, all sophomores,
and Weingarten, frosh.
440-yard relay: Won by juniors
(Young, Regnolds, Stelle, and
Miller). Frosh second, sophomores
third.
200-yard breaststroke: Singer,
Gardner, Weingarten.
300-yard medley relay: Won by
juniors (Canning; Singer, Regnolds);
frosh second.
50-yard backstroke: Colyear, so.;
Canning; Lee, fr.

A total of 203.539 automobile tour
ists entered California during No
vember.
Winning the two relay races and
gathering in firsts in the 200-yard
breast stroke and diving events, the
highly-favored junior team won the
annual interclass swimming meet
Saturday with a total of 57 points.
The sophomore team was second
with 38 points, followed closely by
the frosh with .'55, while the one
man . senior team of Roy Vitousek
was only able to mark up 12 count
ers on the board.
As expected, Vitousek was the in
dividual star of the meet, taking
first in both the 50- and 100-yard
free style contests. His time of
24.0 seconds in the shorter event
missed his own University record by
.1 second, while his time of 54 flat
for the 100-yard race was the fast
est in intercollegiate swimming so
far this year.
The long-awaited race between
Singer of the juniors and Todd
Gardner of the frosh in the 200-
yard breaststroke event was won by
Singer, while Howie Adams won the
diving from classmate Bill Card to
give the juniors their other two
firsts.
100-yard freestyle: Vitousek, sr;
Miller, jr.; Regnolds, jr; Munroe, fr.;
Young, jr.
50-yard freestyle: Vitousek; Mil
ler; Young; Vanina, so; Stelle, jr.
220-yard freestyle: Munroe; Smith,
so; Buseh, so.; Barker, so; Geh
rels, jr.
440-yard freestyle: Smith, Jones,
Busch, and Barker, all sophomores,
and Weingarten, frosh.
440-yard relay: Won by juniors
(Young, Regnolds, Stelle, and
Miller). Frosh second, sophomores
third.
200-yard breaststroke: Singer,
Gardner, Weingarten.
300-yard medley relay: Won by
juniors (Canning; Singer, Regnolds);
frosh second.
50-yard backstroke: Colyear, so.;
Canning; Lee, fr.

A total of 203.539 automobile tour
ists entered California during No
vember.
Winning the two relay races and
gathering in firsts in the 200-yard
breast stroke and diving events, the
highly-favored junior team won the
annual interclass swimming meet
Saturday with a total of 57 points.
The sophomore team was second
with 38 points, followed closely by
the frosh with .'55, while the one
man . senior team of Roy Vitousek
was only able to mark up 12 count
ers on the board.
As expected, Vitousek was the in
dividual star of the meet, taking
first in both the 50- and 100-yard
free style contests. His time of
24.0 seconds in the shorter event
missed his own University record by
.1 second, while his time of 54 flat
for the 100-yard race was the fast
est in intercollegiate swimming so
far this year.
The long-awaited race between
Singer of the juniors and Todd
Gardner of the frosh in the 200-
yard breaststroke event was won by
Singer, while Howie Adams won the
diving from classmate Bill Card to
give the juniors their other two
firsts.
100-yard freestyle: Vitousek, sr;
Miller, jr.; Regnolds, jr; Munroe, fr.;
Young, jr.
50-yard freestyle: Vitousek; Mil
ler; Young; Vanina, so; Stelle, jr.
220-yard freestyle: Munroe; Smith,
so; Buseh, so.; Barker, so; Geh
rels, jr.
440-yard freestyle: Smith, Jones,
Busch, and Barker, all sophomores,
and Weingarten, frosh.
440-yard relay: Won by juniors
(Young, Regnolds, Stelle, and
Miller). Frosh second, sophomores
third.
200-yard breaststroke: Singer,
Gardner, Weingarten.
300-yard medley relay: Won by
juniors (Canning; Singer, Regnolds);
frosh second.
50-yard backstroke: Colyear, so.;
Canning; Lee, fr.

A total of 203.539 automobile tour
ists entered California during No
vember.
Winning the two relay races and
gathering in firsts in the 200-yard
breast stroke and diving events, the
highly-favored junior team won the
annual interclass swimming meet
Saturday with a total of 57 points.
The sophomore team was second
with 38 points, followed closely by
the frosh with .'55, while the one
man . senior team of Roy Vitousek
was only able to mark up 12 count
ers on the board.
As expected, Vitousek was the in
dividual star of the meet, taking
first in both the 50- and 100-yard
free style contests. His time of
24.0 seconds in the shorter event
missed his own University record by
.1 second, while his time of 54 flat
for the 100-yard race was the fast
est in intercollegiate swimming so
far this year.
The long-awaited race between
Singer of the juniors and Todd
Gardner of the frosh in the 200-
yard breaststroke event was won by
Singer, while Howie Adams won the
diving from classmate Bill Card to
give the juniors their other two
firsts.
100-yard freestyle: Vitousek, sr;
Miller, jr.; Regnolds, jr; Munroe, fr.;
Young, jr.
50-yard freestyle: Vitousek; Mil
ler; Young; Vanina, so; Stelle, jr.
220-yard freestyle: Munroe; Smith,
so; Buseh, so.; Barker, so; Geh
rels, jr.
440-yard freestyle: Smith, Jones,
Busch, and Barker, all sophomores,
and Weingarten, frosh.
440-yard relay: Won by juniors
(Young, Regnolds, Stelle, and
Miller). Frosh second, sophomores
third.
200-yard breaststroke: Singer,
Gardner, Weingarten.
300-yard medley relay: Won by
juniors (Canning; Singer, Regnolds);
frosh second.
50-yard backstroke: Colyear, so.;
Canning; Lee, fr.

A total of 203.539 automobile tour
ists entered California during No
vember.
Winning the two relay races and
gathering in firsts in the 200-yard
breast stroke and diving events, the
highly-favored junior team won the
annual interclass swimming meet
Saturday with a total of 57 points.
The sophomore team was second
with 38 points, followed closely by
the frosh with .'55, while the one
man . senior team of Roy Vitousek
was only able to mark up 12 count
ers on the board.
As expected, Vitousek was the in
dividual star of the meet, taking
first in both the 50- and 100-yard
free style contests. His time of
24.0 seconds in the shorter event
missed his own University record by
.1 second, while his time of 54 flat
for the 100-yard race was the fast
est in intercollegiate swimming so
far this year.
The long-awaited race between
Singer of the juniors and Todd
Gardner of the frosh in the 200-
yard breaststroke event was won by
Singer, while Howie Adams won the
diving from classmate Bill Card to
give the juniors their other two
firsts.
100-yard freestyle: Vitousek, sr;
Miller, jr.; Regnolds, jr; Munroe, fr.;
Young, jr.
50-yard freestyle: Vitousek; Mil
ler; Young; Vanina, so; Stelle, jr.
220-yard freestyle: Munroe; Smith,
so; Buseh, so.; Barker, so; Geh
rels, jr.
440-yard freestyle: Smith, Jones,
Busch, and Barker, all sophomores,
and Weingarten, frosh.
440-yard relay: Won by juniors
(Young, Regnolds, Stelle, and
Miller). Frosh second, sophomores
third.
200-yard breaststroke: Singer,
Gardner, Weingarten.
300-yard medley relay: Won by
juniors (Canning; Singer, Regnolds);
frosh second.
50-yard backstroke: Colyear, so.;
Canning; Lee, fr.

A total of 203.539 automobile tour
ists entered California during No
vember.
Winning the two relay races and
gathering in firsts in the 200-yard
breast stroke and diving events, the
highly-favored junior team won the
annual interclass swimming meet
Saturday with a total of 57 points.
The sophomore team was second
with 38 points, followed closely by
the frosh with .'55, while the one
man . senior team of Roy Vitousek
was only able to mark up 12 count
ers on the board.
As expected, Vitousek was the in
dividual star of the meet, taking
first in both the 50- and 100-yard
free style contests. His time of
24.0 seconds in the shorter event
missed his own University record by
.1 second, while his time of 54 flat
for the 100-yard race was the fast
est in intercollegiate swimming so
far this year.
The long-awaited race between
Singer of the juniors and Todd
Gardner of the frosh in the 200-
yard breaststroke event was won by
Singer, while Howie Adams won the
diving from classmate Bill Card to
give the juniors their other two
firsts.
100-yard freestyle: Vitousek, sr;
Miller, jr.; Regnolds, jr; Munroe, fr.;
Young, jr.
50-yard freestyle: Vitousek; Mil
ler; Young; Vanina, so; Stelle, jr.
220-yard freestyle: Munroe; Smith,
so; Buseh, so.; Barker, so; Geh
rels, jr.
440-yard freestyle: Smith, Jones,
Busch, and Barker, all sophomores,
and Weingarten, frosh.
440-yard relay: Won by juniors
(Young, Regnolds, Stelle, and
Miller). Frosh second, sophomores
third.
200-yard breaststroke: Singer,
Gardner, Weingarten.
300-yard medley relay: Won by
juniors (Canning; Singer, Regnolds);
frosh second.
50-yard backstroke: Colyear, so.;
Canning; Lee, fr.

A total of 203.539 automobile tour
ists entered California during No
vember.
Winning the two relay races and
gathering in firsts in the 200-yard
breast stroke and diving events, the
highly-favored junior team won the
annual interclass swimming meet
Saturday with a total of 57 points.
The sophomore team was second
with 38 points, followed closely by
the frosh with .'55, while the one
man . senior team of Roy Vitousek
was only able to mark up 12 count
ers on the board.
As expected, Vitousek was the in
dividual star of the meet, taking
first in both the 50- and 100-yard
free style contests. His time of
24.0 seconds in the shorter event
missed his own University record by
.1 second, while his time of 54 flat
for the 100-yard race was the fast
est in intercollegiate swimming so
far this year.
The long-awaited race between
Singer of the juniors and Todd
Gardner of the frosh in the 200-
yard breaststroke event was won by
Singer, while Howie Adams won the
diving from classmate Bill Card to
give the juniors their other two
firsts.
100-yard freestyle: Vitousek, sr;
Miller, jr.; Regnolds, jr; Munroe, fr.;
Young, jr.
50-yard freestyle: Vitousek; Mil
ler; Young; Vanina, so; Stelle, jr.
220-yard freestyle: Munroe; Smith,
so; Buseh, so.; Barker, so; Geh
rels, jr.
440-yard freestyle: Smith, Jones,
Busch, and Barker, all sophomores,
and Weingarten, frosh.
440-yard relay: Won by juniors
(Young, Regnolds, Stelle, and
Miller). Frosh second, sophomores
third.
200-yard breaststroke: Singer,
Gardner, Weingarten.
300-yard medley relay: Won by
juniors (Canning; Singer, Regnolds);
frosh second.
50-yard backstroke: Colyear, so.;
Canning; Lee, fr.

A total of 203.539 automobile tour
ists entered California during No
vember.
Winning the two relay races and
gathering in firsts in the 200-yard
breast stroke and diving events, the
highly-favored junior team won the
annual interclass swimming meet
Saturday with a total of 57 points.
The sophomore team was second
with 38 points, followed closely by
the frosh with .'55, while the one
man . senior team of Roy Vitousek
was only able to mark up 12 count
ers on the board.
As expected, Vitousek was the in
dividual star of the meet, taking
first in both the 50- and 100-yard
free style contests. His time of
24.0 seconds in the shorter event
missed his own University record by
.1 second, while his time of 54 flat
for the 100-yard race was the fast
est in intercollegiate swimming so
far this year.
The long-awaited race between
Singer of the juniors and Todd
Gardner of the frosh in the 200-
yard breaststroke event was won by
Singer, while Howie Adams won the
diving from classmate Bill Card to
give the juniors their other two
firsts.
100-yard freestyle: Vitousek, sr;
Miller, jr.; Regnolds, jr; Munroe, fr.;
Young, jr.
50-yard freestyle: Vitousek; Mil
ler; Young; Vanina, so; Stelle, jr.
220-yard freestyle: Munroe; Smith,
so; Buseh, so.; Barker, so; Geh
rels, jr.
440-yard freestyle: Smith, Jones,
Busch, and Barker, all sophomores,
and Weingarten, frosh.
440-yard relay: Won by juniors
(Young, Regnolds, Stelle, and
Miller). Frosh second, sophomores
third.
200-yard breaststroke: Singer,
Gardner, Weingarten.
300-yard medley relay: Won by
juniors (Canning; Singer, Regnolds);
frosh second.
50-yard backstroke: Colyear, so.;
Canning; Lee, fr.

A total of 203.539 automobile tour
ists entered California during No
vember.
Winning the two relay races and
gathering in firsts in the 200-yard
breast stroke and diving events, the
highly-favored junior team won the
annual interclass swimming meet
Saturday with a total of 57 points.
The sophomore team was second
with 38 points, followed closely by
the frosh with .'55, while the one
man . senior team of Roy Vitousek
was only able to mark up 12 count
ers on the board.
As expected, Vitousek was the in
dividual star of the meet, taking
first in both the 50- and 100-yard
free style contests. His time of
24.0 seconds in the shorter event
missed his own University record by
.1 second, while his time of 54 flat
for the 100-yard race was the fast
est in intercollegiate swimming so
far this year.
The long-awaited race between
Singer of the juniors and Todd
Gardner of the frosh in the 200-
yard breaststroke event was won by
Singer, while Howie Adams won the
diving from classmate Bill Card to
give the juniors their other two
firsts.
100-yard freestyle: Vitousek, sr;
Miller, jr.; Regnolds, jr; Munroe, fr.;
Young, jr.
50-yard freestyle: Vitousek; Mil
ler; Young; Vanina, so; Stelle, jr.
220-yard freestyle: Munroe; Smith,
so; Buseh, so.; Barker, so; Geh
rels, jr.
440-yard freestyle: Smith, Jones,
Busch, and Barker, all sophomores,
and Weingarten, frosh.
440-yard relay: Won by juniors
(Young, Regnolds, Stelle, and
Miller). Frosh second, sophomores
third.
200-yard breaststroke: Singer,
Gardner, Weingarten.
300-yard medley relay: Won by
juniors (Canning; Singer, Regnolds);
frosh second.
50-yard backstroke: Colyear, so.;
Canning; Lee, fr.

A total of 203.539 automobile tour
ists entered California during No
vember.
Winning the two relay races and
gathering in firsts in the 200-yard
breast stroke and diving events, the
highly-favored junior team won the
annual interclass swimming meet
Saturday with a total of 57 points.
The sophomore team was second
with 38 points, followed closely by
the frosh with .'55, while the one
man . senior team of Roy Vitousek
was only able to mark up 12 count
ers on the board.
As expected, Vitousek was the in
dividual star of the meet, taking
first in both the 50- and 100-yard
free style contests. His time of
24.0 seconds in the shorter event
missed his own University record by
.1 second, while his time of 54 flat
for the 100-yard race was the fast
est in intercollegiate swimming so
far this year.
The long-awaited race between
Singer of the juniors and Todd
Gardner of the frosh in the 200-
yard breaststroke event was won by
Singer, while Howie Adams won the
diving from classmate Bill Card to
give the juniors their other two
firsts.
100-yard freestyle: Vitousek, sr;
Miller, jr.; Regnolds, jr; Munroe, fr.;
Young, jr.
50-yard freestyle: Vitousek; Mil
ler; Young; Vanina, so; Stelle, jr.
220-yard freestyle: Munroe; Smith,
so; Buseh, so.; Barker, so; Geh
rels, jr.
440-yard freestyle: Smith, Jones,
Busch, and Barker, all sophomores,
and Weingarten, frosh.
440-yard relay: Won by juniors
(Young, Regnolds, Stelle, and
Miller). Frosh second, sophomores
third.
200-yard breaststroke: Singer,
Gardner, Weingarten.
300-yard medley relay: Won by
juniors (Canning; Singer, Regnolds);
frosh second.
50-yard backstroke: Colyear, so.;
Canning; Lee, fr.

A total of 203.539 automobile tour
ists entered California during No
vember.
Winning the two relay races and
gathering in firsts in the 200-yard
breast stroke and diving events, the
highly-favored junior team won the
annual interclass swimming meet
Saturday with a total of 57 points.
The sophomore team was second
with 38 points, followed closely by
the frosh with .'55, while the one
man . senior team of Roy Vitousek
was only able to mark up 12 count
ers on the board.
As expected, Vitousek was the in
dividual star of the meet, taking
first in both the 50- and 100-yard
free style contests. His time of
24.0 seconds in the shorter event
missed his own University record by
.1 second, while his time of 54 flat
for the 100-yard race was the fast
est in intercollegiate swimming so
far this year.
The long-awaited race between
Singer of the juniors and Todd
Gardner of the frosh in the 200-
yard breaststroke event was won by
Singer, while Howie Adams won the
diving from classmate Bill Card to
give the juniors their other two
firsts.
100-yard freestyle: Vitousek, sr;
Miller, jr.; Regnolds, jr; Munroe, fr.;
Young, jr.
50-yard freestyle: Vitousek; Mil
ler; Young; Vanina, so; Stelle, jr.
220-yard freestyle: Munroe; Smith,
so; Buseh, so.; Barker, so; Geh
rels, jr.
440-yard freestyle: Smith, Jones,
Busch, and Barker, all sophomores,
and Weingarten, frosh.
440-yard relay: Won by juniors
(Young, Regnolds, Stelle, and
Miller). Frosh second, sophomores
third.
200-yard breaststroke: Singer,
Gardner, Weingarten.
300-yard medley relay: Won by
juniors (Canning; Singer, Regnolds);
frosh second.
50-yard backstroke: Colyear, so.;
Canning; Lee, fr.

A total of 203.539 automobile tour
ists entered California during No
vember.
Winning the two relay races and
gathering in firsts in the 200-yard
breast stroke and diving events, the
highly-favored junior team won the
annual interclass swimming meet
Saturday with a total of 57 points.
The sophomore team was second
with 38 points, followed closely by
the frosh with .'55, while the one
man . senior team of Roy Vitousek
was only able to mark up 12 count
ers on the board.
As expected, Vitousek was the in
dividual star of the meet, taking
first in both the 50- and 100-yard
free style contests. His time of
24.0 seconds in the shorter event
missed his own University record by
.1 second, while his time of 54 flat
for the 100-yard race was the fast
est in intercollegiate swimming so
far this year.
The long-awaited race between
Singer of the juniors and Todd
Gardner of the frosh in the 200-
yard breaststroke event was won by
Singer, while Howie Adams won the
diving from classmate Bill Card to
give the juniors their other two
firsts.
100-yard freestyle: Vitousek, sr;
Miller, jr.; Regnolds, jr; Munroe, fr.;
Young, jr.
50-yard freestyle: Vitousek; Mil
ler; Young; Vanina, so; Stelle, jr.
220-yard freestyle: Munroe; Smith,
so; Buseh, so.; Barker, so; Geh
rels, jr.
440-yard freestyle: Smith, Jones,
Busch, and Barker, all sophomores,
and Weingarten, frosh.
440-yard relay: Won by juniors
(Young, Regnolds, Stelle, and
Miller). Frosh second, sophomores
third.
200-yard breaststroke: Singer,
Gardner, Weingarten.
300-yard medley relay: Won by
juniors (Canning; Singer, Regnolds);
frosh second.
50-yard backstroke: Colyear, so.;
Canning; Lee, fr.

A total of 203.539 automobile tour
ists entered California during No
vember.
Winning the two relay races and
gathering in firsts in the 200-yard
breast stroke and diving events, the
highly-favored junior team won the
annual interclass swimming meet
Saturday with a total of 57 points.
The sophomore team was second
with 38 points, followed closely by
the frosh with .'55, while the one
man . senior team of Roy Vitousek
was only able to mark up 12 count
ers on the board.
As expected, Vitousek was the in
dividual star of the meet, taking
first in both the 50- and 100-yard
free style contests. His time of
24.0 seconds in the shorter event
missed his own University record by
.1 second, while his time of 54 flat
for the 100-yard race was the fast
est in intercollegiate swimming so
far this year.
The long-awaited race between
Singer of the juniors and Todd
Gardner of the frosh in the 200-
yard breaststroke event was won by
Singer, while Howie Adams won the
diving from classmate Bill Card to
give the juniors their other two
firsts.
100-yard freestyle: Vitousek, sr;
Miller, jr.; Regnolds, jr; Munroe, fr.;
Young, jr.
50-yard freestyle: Vitousek; Mil
ler; Young; Vanina, so; Stelle, jr.
220-yard freestyle: Munroe; Smith,
so; Buseh, so.; Barker, so; Geh
rels, jr.
440-yard freestyle: Smith, Jones,
Busch, and Barker, all sophomores,
and Weingarten, frosh.
440-yard relay: Won by juniors
(Young, Regnolds, Stelle, and
Miller). Frosh second, sophomores
third.
200-yard breaststroke: Singer,
Gardner, Weingarten.
300-yard medley relay: Won by
juniors (Canning; Singer, Regnolds);
frosh second.
50-yard backstroke: Colyear, so.;
Canning; Lee, fr.

A total of 203.539 automobile tour
ists entered California during No
vember.
Winning the two relay races and
gathering in firsts in the 200-yard
breast stroke and diving events, the
highly-favored junior team won the
annual interclass swimming meet
Saturday with a total of 57 points.
The sophomore team was second
with 38 points, followed closely by
the frosh with .'55, while the one
man . senior team of Roy Vitousek
was only able to mark up 12 count
ers on the board.
As expected, Vitousek was the in
dividual star of the meet, taking
first in both the 50- and 100-yard
free style contests. His time of
24.0 seconds in the shorter event
missed his own University record by
.1 second, while his time of 54 flat
for the 100-yard race was the fast
est in intercollegiate swimming so
far this year.
The long-awaited race between
Singer of the juniors and Todd
Gardner of the frosh in the 200-
yard breaststroke event was won by
Singer, while Howie Adams won the
diving from classmate Bill Card to
give the juniors their other two
firsts.
100-yard freestyle: Vitousek, sr;
Miller, jr.; Regnolds, jr; Munroe, fr.;
Young, jr.
50-yard freestyle: Vitousek; Mil
ler; Young; Vanina, so; Stelle, jr.
220-yard freestyle: Munroe; Smith,
so; Buseh, so.; Barker, so; Geh
rels, jr.
440-yard freestyle: Smith, Jones,
Busch, and Barker, all sophomores,
and Weingarten, frosh.
440-yard relay: Won by juniors
(Young, Regnolds, Stelle, and
Miller). Frosh second, sophomores
third.
200-yard breaststroke: Singer,
Gardner, Weingarten.
300-yard medley relay: Won by
juniors (Canning; Singer, Regnolds);
frosh second.
50-yard backstroke: Colyear, so.;
Canning; Lee, fr.

A total of 203.539 automobile tour
ists entered California during No
vember.
Winning the two relay races and
gathering in firsts in the 200-yard
breast stroke and diving events, the
highly-favored junior team won the
annual interclass swimming meet
Saturday with a total of 57 points.
The sophomore team was second
with 38 points, followed closely by
the frosh with .'55, while the one
man . senior team of Roy Vitousek
was only able to mark up 12 count
ers on the board.
As expected, Vitousek was the in
dividual star of the meet, taking
first in both the 50- and 100-yard
free style contests. His time of
24.0 seconds in the shorter event
missed his own University record by
.1 second, while his time of 54 flat
for the 100-yard race was the fast
est in intercollegiate swimming so
far this year.
The long-awaited race between
Singer of the juniors and Todd
Gardner of the frosh in the 200-
yard breaststroke event was won by
Singer, while Howie Adams won the
diving from classmate Bill Card to
give the juniors their other two
firsts.
100-yard freestyle: Vitousek, sr;
Miller, jr.; Regnolds, jr; Munroe, fr.;
Young, jr.
50-yard freestyle: Vitousek; Mil
ler; Young; Vanina, so; Stelle, jr.
220-yard freestyle: Munroe; Smith,
so; Buseh, so.; Barker, so; Geh
rels, jr.
440-yard freestyle: Smith, Jones,
Busch, and Barker, all sophomores,
and Weingarten, frosh.
440-yard relay: Won by juniors
(Young, Regnolds, Stelle, and
Miller). Frosh second, sophomores
third.
200-yard breaststroke: Singer,
Gardner, Weingarten.
300-yard medley relay: Won by
juniors (Canning; Singer, Regnolds);
frosh second.
50-yard backstroke: Colyear, so.;
Canning; Lee, fr.

A total of 203.539 automobile tour
ists entered California during No
vember.
