# ACCIDENT KILLS THREE
## 
### 
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 26 (UP).—Three
enlisted men of the Marine Corps
here were killed and seven others
were injured early today in an au
tomobile accident in which one ve
hicle burst into flames and ignited
a building.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 26 (UP).—Three
enlisted men of the Marine Corps
here were killed and seven others
were injured early today in an au
tomobile accident in which one ve
hicle burst into flames and ignited
a building.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 26 (UP).—Three
enlisted men of the Marine Corps
here were killed and seven others
were injured early today in an au
tomobile accident in which one ve
hicle burst into flames and ignited
a building.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 26 (UP).—Three
enlisted men of the Marine Corps
here were killed and seven others
were injured early today in an au
tomobile accident in which one ve
hicle burst into flames and ignited
a building.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 26 (UP).—Three
enlisted men of the Marine Corps
here were killed and seven others
were injured early today in an au
tomobile accident in which one ve
hicle burst into flames and ignited
a building.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 26 (UP).—Three
enlisted men of the Marine Corps
here were killed and seven others
were injured early today in an au
tomobile accident in which one ve
hicle burst into flames and ignited
a building.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 26 (UP).—Three
enlisted men of the Marine Corps
here were killed and seven others
were injured early today in an au
tomobile accident in which one ve
hicle burst into flames and ignited
a building.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 26 (UP).—Three
enlisted men of the Marine Corps
here were killed and seven others
were injured early today in an au
tomobile accident in which one ve
hicle burst into flames and ignited
a building.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 26 (UP).—Three
enlisted men of the Marine Corps
here were killed and seven others
were injured early today in an au
tomobile accident in which one ve
hicle burst into flames and ignited
a building.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 26 (UP).—Three
enlisted men of the Marine Corps
here were killed and seven others
were injured early today in an au
tomobile accident in which one ve
hicle burst into flames and ignited
a building.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 26 (UP).—Three
enlisted men of the Marine Corps
here were killed and seven others
were injured early today in an au
tomobile accident in which one ve
hicle burst into flames and ignited
a building.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 26 (UP).—Three
enlisted men of the Marine Corps
here were killed and seven others
were injured early today in an au
tomobile accident in which one ve
hicle burst into flames and ignited
a building.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 26 (UP).—Three
enlisted men of the Marine Corps
here were killed and seven others
were injured early today in an au
tomobile accident in which one ve
hicle burst into flames and ignited
a building.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 26 (UP).—Three
enlisted men of the Marine Corps
here were killed and seven others
were injured early today in an au
tomobile accident in which one ve
hicle burst into flames and ignited
a building.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 26 (UP).—Three
enlisted men of the Marine Corps
here were killed and seven others
were injured early today in an au
tomobile accident in which one ve
hicle burst into flames and ignited
a building.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 26 (UP).—Three
enlisted men of the Marine Corps
here were killed and seven others
were injured early today in an au
tomobile accident in which one ve
hicle burst into flames and ignited
a building.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 26 (UP).—Three
enlisted men of the Marine Corps
here were killed and seven others
were injured early today in an au
tomobile accident in which one ve
hicle burst into flames and ignited
a building.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 26 (UP).—Three
enlisted men of the Marine Corps
here were killed and seven others
were injured early today in an au
tomobile accident in which one ve
hicle burst into flames and ignited
a building.
