# Bureau of Accuracy
## 
### 
The exhibition feat in foundry prac
tice of the Mechanical Engineering de
partment will be held this evening at
7:HO. Last night's announcement mis
led some to believe that the exhibi
tion was to take place last evening.
The exhibition feat in foundry prac
tice of the Mechanical Engineering de
partment will be held this evening at
7:HO. Last night's announcement mis
led some to believe that the exhibi
tion was to take place last evening.
The exhibition feat in foundry prac
tice of the Mechanical Engineering de
partment will be held this evening at
7:HO. Last night's announcement mis
led some to believe that the exhibi
tion was to take place last evening.
The exhibition feat in foundry prac
tice of the Mechanical Engineering de
partment will be held this evening at
7:HO. Last night's announcement mis
led some to believe that the exhibi
tion was to take place last evening.
The exhibition feat in foundry prac
tice of the Mechanical Engineering de
partment will be held this evening at
7:HO. Last night's announcement mis
led some to believe that the exhibi
tion was to take place last evening.
The exhibition feat in foundry prac
tice of the Mechanical Engineering de
partment will be held this evening at
7:HO. Last night's announcement mis
led some to believe that the exhibi
tion was to take place last evening.
The exhibition feat in foundry prac
tice of the Mechanical Engineering de
partment will be held this evening at
7:HO. Last night's announcement mis
led some to believe that the exhibi
tion was to take place last evening.
The exhibition feat in foundry prac
tice of the Mechanical Engineering de
partment will be held this evening at
7:HO. Last night's announcement mis
led some to believe that the exhibi
tion was to take place last evening.
The exhibition feat in foundry prac
tice of the Mechanical Engineering de
partment will be held this evening at
7:HO. Last night's announcement mis
led some to believe that the exhibi
tion was to take place last evening.
The exhibition feat in foundry prac
tice of the Mechanical Engineering de
partment will be held this evening at
7:HO. Last night's announcement mis
led some to believe that the exhibi
tion was to take place last evening.
The exhibition feat in foundry prac
tice of the Mechanical Engineering de
partment will be held this evening at
7:HO. Last night's announcement mis
led some to believe that the exhibi
tion was to take place last evening.
The exhibition feat in foundry prac
tice of the Mechanical Engineering de
partment will be held this evening at
7:HO. Last night's announcement mis
led some to believe that the exhibi
tion was to take place last evening.
The exhibition feat in foundry prac
tice of the Mechanical Engineering de
partment will be held this evening at
7:HO. Last night's announcement mis
led some to believe that the exhibi
tion was to take place last evening.
