# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Gas-eating microbes that thrive on
drops of gasoline which fall on the
highways are reported to have been
discovered by German scientists at
the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute.
Gas-eating microbes that thrive on
drops of gasoline which fall on the
highways are reported to have been
discovered by German scientists at
the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute.
Gas-eating microbes that thrive on
drops of gasoline which fall on the
highways are reported to have been
discovered by German scientists at
the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute.
Gas-eating microbes that thrive on
drops of gasoline which fall on the
highways are reported to have been
discovered by German scientists at
the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute.
Gas-eating microbes that thrive on
drops of gasoline which fall on the
highways are reported to have been
discovered by German scientists at
the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute.
Gas-eating microbes that thrive on
drops of gasoline which fall on the
highways are reported to have been
discovered by German scientists at
the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute.
Gas-eating microbes that thrive on
drops of gasoline which fall on the
highways are reported to have been
discovered by German scientists at
the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute.
Gas-eating microbes that thrive on
drops of gasoline which fall on the
highways are reported to have been
discovered by German scientists at
the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute.
Gas-eating microbes that thrive on
drops of gasoline which fall on the
highways are reported to have been
discovered by German scientists at
the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute.
Gas-eating microbes that thrive on
drops of gasoline which fall on the
highways are reported to have been
discovered by German scientists at
the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute.
Gas-eating microbes that thrive on
drops of gasoline which fall on the
highways are reported to have been
discovered by German scientists at
the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute.
Gas-eating microbes that thrive on
drops of gasoline which fall on the
highways are reported to have been
discovered by German scientists at
the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute.
Gas-eating microbes that thrive on
drops of gasoline which fall on the
highways are reported to have been
discovered by German scientists at
the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute.
Gas-eating microbes that thrive on
drops of gasoline which fall on the
highways are reported to have been
discovered by German scientists at
the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute.
Gas-eating microbes that thrive on
drops of gasoline which fall on the
highways are reported to have been
discovered by German scientists at
the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute.
