# DR. JORDAN DECLARES EUROPEAN WAR DEBTS PAYMENT IMPOSSIBLE
## French Tribute to America Will Not Continue For 62 Years 
### 
"I do not know wlien we will cancel
the War debts, or even if we ever will
cancel them; but I do know that we
will never be able to collect the
money," stated Dr. Jordan in conclud
ing his Thursday Evening Conference
last night on the subject of "The War
Debts."
Traces Debt History
Dr. Jordan traced the history of the
vast debts that were incurred by the
European countries as well as the
United States during the War, and
then followed with a brief account of
the results of the Treaty of Versailles
and of the more recent Dawes Com
mission.
Dawes "False Alarm"
Commenting on the decisions of the
Dawes Plan, Dr. Jordan said: "It is
foolish for us to expect that France
will continue to pay us tribute for
sixty-two years and through two gen
erations, as the Dawes Plan provides
she shall do."
"Dawes," remarked Dr. Jordan, "is
an interesting man; but he is what is
known in some countries as a false
alarm."
"I do not know wlien we will cancel
the War debts, or even if we ever will
cancel them; but I do know that we
will never be able to collect the
money," stated Dr. Jordan in conclud
ing his Thursday Evening Conference
last night on the subject of "The War
Debts."
Traces Debt History
Dr. Jordan traced the history of the
vast debts that were incurred by the
European countries as well as the
United States during the War, and
then followed with a brief account of
the results of the Treaty of Versailles
and of the more recent Dawes Com
mission.
Dawes "False Alarm"
Commenting on the decisions of the
Dawes Plan, Dr. Jordan said: "It is
foolish for us to expect that France
will continue to pay us tribute for
sixty-two years and through two gen
erations, as the Dawes Plan provides
she shall do."
"Dawes," remarked Dr. Jordan, "is
an interesting man; but he is what is
known in some countries as a false
alarm."
"I do not know wlien we will cancel
the War debts, or even if we ever will
cancel them; but I do know that we
will never be able to collect the
money," stated Dr. Jordan in conclud
ing his Thursday Evening Conference
last night on the subject of "The War
Debts."
Traces Debt History
Dr. Jordan traced the history of the
vast debts that were incurred by the
European countries as well as the
United States during the War, and
then followed with a brief account of
the results of the Treaty of Versailles
and of the more recent Dawes Com
mission.
Dawes "False Alarm"
Commenting on the decisions of the
Dawes Plan, Dr. Jordan said: "It is
foolish for us to expect that France
will continue to pay us tribute for
sixty-two years and through two gen
erations, as the Dawes Plan provides
she shall do."
"Dawes," remarked Dr. Jordan, "is
an interesting man; but he is what is
known in some countries as a false
alarm."
"I do not know wlien we will cancel
the War debts, or even if we ever will
cancel them; but I do know that we
will never be able to collect the
money," stated Dr. Jordan in conclud
ing his Thursday Evening Conference
last night on the subject of "The War
Debts."
Traces Debt History
Dr. Jordan traced the history of the
vast debts that were incurred by the
European countries as well as the
United States during the War, and
then followed with a brief account of
the results of the Treaty of Versailles
and of the more recent Dawes Com
mission.
Dawes "False Alarm"
Commenting on the decisions of the
Dawes Plan, Dr. Jordan said: "It is
foolish for us to expect that France
will continue to pay us tribute for
sixty-two years and through two gen
erations, as the Dawes Plan provides
she shall do."
"Dawes," remarked Dr. Jordan, "is
an interesting man; but he is what is
known in some countries as a false
alarm."
"I do not know wlien we will cancel
the War debts, or even if we ever will
cancel them; but I do know that we
will never be able to collect the
money," stated Dr. Jordan in conclud
ing his Thursday Evening Conference
last night on the subject of "The War
Debts."
Traces Debt History
Dr. Jordan traced the history of the
vast debts that were incurred by the
European countries as well as the
United States during the War, and
then followed with a brief account of
the results of the Treaty of Versailles
and of the more recent Dawes Com
mission.
Dawes "False Alarm"
Commenting on the decisions of the
Dawes Plan, Dr. Jordan said: "It is
foolish for us to expect that France
will continue to pay us tribute for
sixty-two years and through two gen
erations, as the Dawes Plan provides
she shall do."
"Dawes," remarked Dr. Jordan, "is
an interesting man; but he is what is
known in some countries as a false
alarm."
"I do not know wlien we will cancel
the War debts, or even if we ever will
cancel them; but I do know that we
will never be able to collect the
money," stated Dr. Jordan in conclud
ing his Thursday Evening Conference
last night on the subject of "The War
Debts."
Traces Debt History
Dr. Jordan traced the history of the
vast debts that were incurred by the
European countries as well as the
United States during the War, and
then followed with a brief account of
the results of the Treaty of Versailles
and of the more recent Dawes Com
mission.
Dawes "False Alarm"
Commenting on the decisions of the
Dawes Plan, Dr. Jordan said: "It is
foolish for us to expect that France
will continue to pay us tribute for
sixty-two years and through two gen
erations, as the Dawes Plan provides
she shall do."
"Dawes," remarked Dr. Jordan, "is
an interesting man; but he is what is
known in some countries as a false
alarm."
"I do not know wlien we will cancel
the War debts, or even if we ever will
cancel them; but I do know that we
will never be able to collect the
money," stated Dr. Jordan in conclud
ing his Thursday Evening Conference
last night on the subject of "The War
Debts."
Traces Debt History
Dr. Jordan traced the history of the
vast debts that were incurred by the
European countries as well as the
United States during the War, and
then followed with a brief account of
the results of the Treaty of Versailles
and of the more recent Dawes Com
mission.
Dawes "False Alarm"
Commenting on the decisions of the
Dawes Plan, Dr. Jordan said: "It is
foolish for us to expect that France
will continue to pay us tribute for
sixty-two years and through two gen
erations, as the Dawes Plan provides
she shall do."
"Dawes," remarked Dr. Jordan, "is
an interesting man; but he is what is
known in some countries as a false
alarm."
"I do not know wlien we will cancel
the War debts, or even if we ever will
cancel them; but I do know that we
will never be able to collect the
money," stated Dr. Jordan in conclud
ing his Thursday Evening Conference
last night on the subject of "The War
Debts."
Traces Debt History
Dr. Jordan traced the history of the
vast debts that were incurred by the
European countries as well as the
United States during the War, and
then followed with a brief account of
the results of the Treaty of Versailles
and of the more recent Dawes Com
mission.
Dawes "False Alarm"
Commenting on the decisions of the
Dawes Plan, Dr. Jordan said: "It is
foolish for us to expect that France
will continue to pay us tribute for
sixty-two years and through two gen
erations, as the Dawes Plan provides
she shall do."
"Dawes," remarked Dr. Jordan, "is
an interesting man; but he is what is
known in some countries as a false
alarm."
"I do not know wlien we will cancel
the War debts, or even if we ever will
cancel them; but I do know that we
will never be able to collect the
money," stated Dr. Jordan in conclud
ing his Thursday Evening Conference
last night on the subject of "The War
Debts."
Traces Debt History
Dr. Jordan traced the history of the
vast debts that were incurred by the
European countries as well as the
United States during the War, and
then followed with a brief account of
the results of the Treaty of Versailles
and of the more recent Dawes Com
mission.
Dawes "False Alarm"
Commenting on the decisions of the
Dawes Plan, Dr. Jordan said: "It is
foolish for us to expect that France
will continue to pay us tribute for
sixty-two years and through two gen
erations, as the Dawes Plan provides
she shall do."
"Dawes," remarked Dr. Jordan, "is
an interesting man; but he is what is
known in some countries as a false
alarm."
"I do not know wlien we will cancel
the War debts, or even if we ever will
cancel them; but I do know that we
will never be able to collect the
money," stated Dr. Jordan in conclud
ing his Thursday Evening Conference
last night on the subject of "The War
Debts."
Traces Debt History
Dr. Jordan traced the history of the
vast debts that were incurred by the
European countries as well as the
United States during the War, and
then followed with a brief account of
the results of the Treaty of Versailles
and of the more recent Dawes Com
mission.
Dawes "False Alarm"
Commenting on the decisions of the
Dawes Plan, Dr. Jordan said: "It is
foolish for us to expect that France
will continue to pay us tribute for
sixty-two years and through two gen
erations, as the Dawes Plan provides
she shall do."
"Dawes," remarked Dr. Jordan, "is
an interesting man; but he is what is
known in some countries as a false
alarm."
"I do not know wlien we will cancel
the War debts, or even if we ever will
cancel them; but I do know that we
will never be able to collect the
money," stated Dr. Jordan in conclud
ing his Thursday Evening Conference
last night on the subject of "The War
Debts."
Traces Debt History
Dr. Jordan traced the history of the
vast debts that were incurred by the
European countries as well as the
United States during the War, and
then followed with a brief account of
the results of the Treaty of Versailles
and of the more recent Dawes Com
mission.
Dawes "False Alarm"
Commenting on the decisions of the
Dawes Plan, Dr. Jordan said: "It is
foolish for us to expect that France
will continue to pay us tribute for
sixty-two years and through two gen
erations, as the Dawes Plan provides
she shall do."
"Dawes," remarked Dr. Jordan, "is
an interesting man; but he is what is
known in some countries as a false
alarm."
"I do not know wlien we will cancel
the War debts, or even if we ever will
cancel them; but I do know that we
will never be able to collect the
money," stated Dr. Jordan in conclud
ing his Thursday Evening Conference
last night on the subject of "The War
Debts."
Traces Debt History
Dr. Jordan traced the history of the
vast debts that were incurred by the
European countries as well as the
United States during the War, and
then followed with a brief account of
the results of the Treaty of Versailles
and of the more recent Dawes Com
mission.
Dawes "False Alarm"
Commenting on the decisions of the
Dawes Plan, Dr. Jordan said: "It is
foolish for us to expect that France
will continue to pay us tribute for
sixty-two years and through two gen
erations, as the Dawes Plan provides
she shall do."
"Dawes," remarked Dr. Jordan, "is
an interesting man; but he is what is
known in some countries as a false
alarm."
"I do not know wlien we will cancel
the War debts, or even if we ever will
cancel them; but I do know that we
will never be able to collect the
money," stated Dr. Jordan in conclud
ing his Thursday Evening Conference
last night on the subject of "The War
Debts."
Traces Debt History
Dr. Jordan traced the history of the
vast debts that were incurred by the
European countries as well as the
United States during the War, and
then followed with a brief account of
the results of the Treaty of Versailles
and of the more recent Dawes Com
mission.
Dawes "False Alarm"
Commenting on the decisions of the
Dawes Plan, Dr. Jordan said: "It is
foolish for us to expect that France
will continue to pay us tribute for
sixty-two years and through two gen
erations, as the Dawes Plan provides
she shall do."
"Dawes," remarked Dr. Jordan, "is
an interesting man; but he is what is
known in some countries as a false
alarm."
"I do not know wlien we will cancel
the War debts, or even if we ever will
cancel them; but I do know that we
will never be able to collect the
money," stated Dr. Jordan in conclud
ing his Thursday Evening Conference
last night on the subject of "The War
Debts."
Traces Debt History
Dr. Jordan traced the history of the
vast debts that were incurred by the
European countries as well as the
United States during the War, and
then followed with a brief account of
the results of the Treaty of Versailles
and of the more recent Dawes Com
mission.
Dawes "False Alarm"
Commenting on the decisions of the
Dawes Plan, Dr. Jordan said: "It is
foolish for us to expect that France
will continue to pay us tribute for
sixty-two years and through two gen
erations, as the Dawes Plan provides
she shall do."
"Dawes," remarked Dr. Jordan, "is
an interesting man; but he is what is
known in some countries as a false
alarm."
"I do not know wlien we will cancel
the War debts, or even if we ever will
cancel them; but I do know that we
will never be able to collect the
money," stated Dr. Jordan in conclud
ing his Thursday Evening Conference
last night on the subject of "The War
Debts."
Traces Debt History
Dr. Jordan traced the history of the
vast debts that were incurred by the
European countries as well as the
United States during the War, and
then followed with a brief account of
the results of the Treaty of Versailles
and of the more recent Dawes Com
mission.
Dawes "False Alarm"
Commenting on the decisions of the
Dawes Plan, Dr. Jordan said: "It is
foolish for us to expect that France
will continue to pay us tribute for
sixty-two years and through two gen
erations, as the Dawes Plan provides
she shall do."
"Dawes," remarked Dr. Jordan, "is
an interesting man; but he is what is
known in some countries as a false
alarm."
