# NEVADA'S LEADER
## 
### 

J. Lawler, captain and forward of
the WofTpack, who will meet the
Redshirts in a two-game series this
week-end.

J. Lawler, captain and forward of
the WofTpack, who will meet the
Redshirts in a two-game series this
week-end.

J. Lawler, captain and forward of
the WofTpack, who will meet the
Redshirts in a two-game series this
week-end.

J. Lawler, captain and forward of
the WofTpack, who will meet the
Redshirts in a two-game series this
week-end.

J. Lawler, captain and forward of
the WofTpack, who will meet the
Redshirts in a two-game series this
week-end.

J. Lawler, captain and forward of
the WofTpack, who will meet the
Redshirts in a two-game series this
week-end.

J. Lawler, captain and forward of
the WofTpack, who will meet the
Redshirts in a two-game series this
week-end.

J. Lawler, captain and forward of
the WofTpack, who will meet the
Redshirts in a two-game series this
week-end.

J. Lawler, captain and forward of
the WofTpack, who will meet the
Redshirts in a two-game series this
week-end.

J. Lawler, captain and forward of
the WofTpack, who will meet the
Redshirts in a two-game series this
week-end.

J. Lawler, captain and forward of
the WofTpack, who will meet the
Redshirts in a two-game series this
week-end.

J. Lawler, captain and forward of
the WofTpack, who will meet the
Redshirts in a two-game series this
week-end.

J. Lawler, captain and forward of
the WofTpack, who will meet the
Redshirts in a two-game series this
week-end.

J. Lawler, captain and forward of
the WofTpack, who will meet the
Redshirts in a two-game series this
week-end.

J. Lawler, captain and forward of
the WofTpack, who will meet the
Redshirts in a two-game series this
week-end.
