# DEER HUNTERS WARNED
## 
### 
SUN VALLEY, Ida., Oct. 12 (UP).
—Deer hunters were warned here
tonight to take special precautions
with their game tags or be liable
to stiff fines.
SUN VALLEY, Ida., Oct. 12 (UP).
—Deer hunters were warned here
tonight to take special precautions
with their game tags or be liable
to stiff fines.
SUN VALLEY, Ida., Oct. 12 (UP).
—Deer hunters were warned here
tonight to take special precautions
with their game tags or be liable
to stiff fines.
SUN VALLEY, Ida., Oct. 12 (UP).
—Deer hunters were warned here
tonight to take special precautions
with their game tags or be liable
to stiff fines.
SUN VALLEY, Ida., Oct. 12 (UP).
—Deer hunters were warned here
tonight to take special precautions
with their game tags or be liable
to stiff fines.
SUN VALLEY, Ida., Oct. 12 (UP).
—Deer hunters were warned here
tonight to take special precautions
with their game tags or be liable
to stiff fines.
SUN VALLEY, Ida., Oct. 12 (UP).
—Deer hunters were warned here
tonight to take special precautions
with their game tags or be liable
to stiff fines.
SUN VALLEY, Ida., Oct. 12 (UP).
—Deer hunters were warned here
tonight to take special precautions
with their game tags or be liable
to stiff fines.
SUN VALLEY, Ida., Oct. 12 (UP).
—Deer hunters were warned here
tonight to take special precautions
with their game tags or be liable
to stiff fines.
SUN VALLEY, Ida., Oct. 12 (UP).
—Deer hunters were warned here
tonight to take special precautions
with their game tags or be liable
to stiff fines.
SUN VALLEY, Ida., Oct. 12 (UP).
—Deer hunters were warned here
tonight to take special precautions
with their game tags or be liable
to stiff fines.
SUN VALLEY, Ida., Oct. 12 (UP).
—Deer hunters were warned here
tonight to take special precautions
with their game tags or be liable
to stiff fines.
SUN VALLEY, Ida., Oct. 12 (UP).
—Deer hunters were warned here
tonight to take special precautions
with their game tags or be liable
to stiff fines.
SUN VALLEY, Ida., Oct. 12 (UP).
—Deer hunters were warned here
tonight to take special precautions
with their game tags or be liable
to stiff fines.
SUN VALLEY, Ida., Oct. 12 (UP).
—Deer hunters were warned here
tonight to take special precautions
with their game tags or be liable
to stiff fines.
SUN VALLEY, Ida., Oct. 12 (UP).
—Deer hunters were warned here
tonight to take special precautions
with their game tags or be liable
to stiff fines.
SUN VALLEY, Ida., Oct. 12 (UP).
—Deer hunters were warned here
tonight to take special precautions
with their game tags or be liable
to stiff fines.
SUN VALLEY, Ida., Oct. 12 (UP).
—Deer hunters were warned here
tonight to take special precautions
with their game tags or be liable
to stiff fines.
