# German Troops Enter Vyazma
## 
### 
BERLIN, Oct. 21 (UP). — German
troops were reported unofficially to
night, to have entered encircled Vy
azma, puverized and flaming city
astride the paved highway to Mos
cow along which Panzer spearheads
far to the east might already have
thrust to within sight of the Soviet
capital.
The high command, meanwhile,
reported that 200,000 additional So
viet prisoners had been taken in the
Bryansk - Vyazma "annihilation"
pockets where it was claimed the
trapped armies of Marshal Semyon
Timoshenko were being chopped to
pieces, with the number of prison
ers increasing constantly.
The Berlin radio broadcast a
propaganda company report describ
ing a German air attack which left
Vyazma wracked by fires and ex
plosions, concluding with the asser
tion that toward the end of the raid
Nazi forces were seen entering the
BERLIN, Oct. 21 (UP). — German
troops were reported unofficially to
night, to have entered encircled Vy
azma, puverized and flaming city
astride the paved highway to Mos
cow along which Panzer spearheads
far to the east might already have
thrust to within sight of the Soviet
capital.
The high command, meanwhile,
reported that 200,000 additional So
viet prisoners had been taken in the
Bryansk - Vyazma "annihilation"
pockets where it was claimed the
trapped armies of Marshal Semyon
Timoshenko were being chopped to
pieces, with the number of prison
ers increasing constantly.
The Berlin radio broadcast a
propaganda company report describ
ing a German air attack which left
Vyazma wracked by fires and ex
plosions, concluding with the asser
tion that toward the end of the raid
Nazi forces were seen entering the
BERLIN, Oct. 21 (UP). — German
troops were reported unofficially to
night, to have entered encircled Vy
azma, puverized and flaming city
astride the paved highway to Mos
cow along which Panzer spearheads
far to the east might already have
thrust to within sight of the Soviet
capital.
The high command, meanwhile,
reported that 200,000 additional So
viet prisoners had been taken in the
Bryansk - Vyazma "annihilation"
pockets where it was claimed the
trapped armies of Marshal Semyon
Timoshenko were being chopped to
pieces, with the number of prison
ers increasing constantly.
The Berlin radio broadcast a
propaganda company report describ
ing a German air attack which left
Vyazma wracked by fires and ex
plosions, concluding with the asser
tion that toward the end of the raid
Nazi forces were seen entering the
BERLIN, Oct. 21 (UP). — German
troops were reported unofficially to
night, to have entered encircled Vy
azma, puverized and flaming city
astride the paved highway to Mos
cow along which Panzer spearheads
far to the east might already have
thrust to within sight of the Soviet
capital.
The high command, meanwhile,
reported that 200,000 additional So
viet prisoners had been taken in the
Bryansk - Vyazma "annihilation"
pockets where it was claimed the
trapped armies of Marshal Semyon
Timoshenko were being chopped to
pieces, with the number of prison
ers increasing constantly.
The Berlin radio broadcast a
propaganda company report describ
ing a German air attack which left
Vyazma wracked by fires and ex
plosions, concluding with the asser
tion that toward the end of the raid
Nazi forces were seen entering the
BERLIN, Oct. 21 (UP). — German
troops were reported unofficially to
night, to have entered encircled Vy
azma, puverized and flaming city
astride the paved highway to Mos
cow along which Panzer spearheads
far to the east might already have
thrust to within sight of the Soviet
capital.
The high command, meanwhile,
reported that 200,000 additional So
viet prisoners had been taken in the
Bryansk - Vyazma "annihilation"
pockets where it was claimed the
trapped armies of Marshal Semyon
Timoshenko were being chopped to
pieces, with the number of prison
ers increasing constantly.
The Berlin radio broadcast a
propaganda company report describ
ing a German air attack which left
Vyazma wracked by fires and ex
plosions, concluding with the asser
tion that toward the end of the raid
Nazi forces were seen entering the
BERLIN, Oct. 21 (UP). — German
troops were reported unofficially to
night, to have entered encircled Vy
azma, puverized and flaming city
astride the paved highway to Mos
cow along which Panzer spearheads
far to the east might already have
thrust to within sight of the Soviet
capital.
The high command, meanwhile,
reported that 200,000 additional So
viet prisoners had been taken in the
Bryansk - Vyazma "annihilation"
pockets where it was claimed the
trapped armies of Marshal Semyon
Timoshenko were being chopped to
pieces, with the number of prison
ers increasing constantly.
The Berlin radio broadcast a
propaganda company report describ
ing a German air attack which left
Vyazma wracked by fires and ex
plosions, concluding with the asser
tion that toward the end of the raid
Nazi forces were seen entering the
BERLIN, Oct. 21 (UP). — German
troops were reported unofficially to
night, to have entered encircled Vy
azma, puverized and flaming city
astride the paved highway to Mos
cow along which Panzer spearheads
far to the east might already have
thrust to within sight of the Soviet
capital.
The high command, meanwhile,
reported that 200,000 additional So
viet prisoners had been taken in the
Bryansk - Vyazma "annihilation"
pockets where it was claimed the
trapped armies of Marshal Semyon
Timoshenko were being chopped to
pieces, with the number of prison
ers increasing constantly.
The Berlin radio broadcast a
propaganda company report describ
ing a German air attack which left
Vyazma wracked by fires and ex
plosions, concluding with the asser
tion that toward the end of the raid
Nazi forces were seen entering the
BERLIN, Oct. 21 (UP). — German
troops were reported unofficially to
night, to have entered encircled Vy
azma, puverized and flaming city
astride the paved highway to Mos
cow along which Panzer spearheads
far to the east might already have
thrust to within sight of the Soviet
capital.
The high command, meanwhile,
reported that 200,000 additional So
viet prisoners had been taken in the
Bryansk - Vyazma "annihilation"
pockets where it was claimed the
trapped armies of Marshal Semyon
Timoshenko were being chopped to
pieces, with the number of prison
ers increasing constantly.
The Berlin radio broadcast a
propaganda company report describ
ing a German air attack which left
Vyazma wracked by fires and ex
plosions, concluding with the asser
tion that toward the end of the raid
Nazi forces were seen entering the
BERLIN, Oct. 21 (UP). — German
troops were reported unofficially to
night, to have entered encircled Vy
azma, puverized and flaming city
astride the paved highway to Mos
cow along which Panzer spearheads
far to the east might already have
thrust to within sight of the Soviet
capital.
The high command, meanwhile,
reported that 200,000 additional So
viet prisoners had been taken in the
Bryansk - Vyazma "annihilation"
pockets where it was claimed the
trapped armies of Marshal Semyon
Timoshenko were being chopped to
pieces, with the number of prison
ers increasing constantly.
The Berlin radio broadcast a
propaganda company report describ
ing a German air attack which left
Vyazma wracked by fires and ex
plosions, concluding with the asser
tion that toward the end of the raid
Nazi forces were seen entering the
BERLIN, Oct. 21 (UP). — German
troops were reported unofficially to
night, to have entered encircled Vy
azma, puverized and flaming city
astride the paved highway to Mos
cow along which Panzer spearheads
far to the east might already have
thrust to within sight of the Soviet
capital.
The high command, meanwhile,
reported that 200,000 additional So
viet prisoners had been taken in the
Bryansk - Vyazma "annihilation"
pockets where it was claimed the
trapped armies of Marshal Semyon
Timoshenko were being chopped to
pieces, with the number of prison
ers increasing constantly.
The Berlin radio broadcast a
propaganda company report describ
ing a German air attack which left
Vyazma wracked by fires and ex
plosions, concluding with the asser
tion that toward the end of the raid
Nazi forces were seen entering the
BERLIN, Oct. 21 (UP). — German
troops were reported unofficially to
night, to have entered encircled Vy
azma, puverized and flaming city
astride the paved highway to Mos
cow along which Panzer spearheads
far to the east might already have
thrust to within sight of the Soviet
capital.
The high command, meanwhile,
reported that 200,000 additional So
viet prisoners had been taken in the
Bryansk - Vyazma "annihilation"
pockets where it was claimed the
trapped armies of Marshal Semyon
Timoshenko were being chopped to
pieces, with the number of prison
ers increasing constantly.
The Berlin radio broadcast a
propaganda company report describ
ing a German air attack which left
Vyazma wracked by fires and ex
plosions, concluding with the asser
tion that toward the end of the raid
Nazi forces were seen entering the
BERLIN, Oct. 21 (UP). — German
troops were reported unofficially to
night, to have entered encircled Vy
azma, puverized and flaming city
astride the paved highway to Mos
cow along which Panzer spearheads
far to the east might already have
thrust to within sight of the Soviet
capital.
The high command, meanwhile,
reported that 200,000 additional So
viet prisoners had been taken in the
Bryansk - Vyazma "annihilation"
pockets where it was claimed the
trapped armies of Marshal Semyon
Timoshenko were being chopped to
pieces, with the number of prison
ers increasing constantly.
The Berlin radio broadcast a
propaganda company report describ
ing a German air attack which left
Vyazma wracked by fires and ex
plosions, concluding with the asser
tion that toward the end of the raid
Nazi forces were seen entering the
BERLIN, Oct. 21 (UP). — German
troops were reported unofficially to
night, to have entered encircled Vy
azma, puverized and flaming city
astride the paved highway to Mos
cow along which Panzer spearheads
far to the east might already have
thrust to within sight of the Soviet
capital.
The high command, meanwhile,
reported that 200,000 additional So
viet prisoners had been taken in the
Bryansk - Vyazma "annihilation"
pockets where it was claimed the
trapped armies of Marshal Semyon
Timoshenko were being chopped to
pieces, with the number of prison
ers increasing constantly.
The Berlin radio broadcast a
propaganda company report describ
ing a German air attack which left
Vyazma wracked by fires and ex
plosions, concluding with the asser
tion that toward the end of the raid
Nazi forces were seen entering the
BERLIN, Oct. 21 (UP). — German
troops were reported unofficially to
night, to have entered encircled Vy
azma, puverized and flaming city
astride the paved highway to Mos
cow along which Panzer spearheads
far to the east might already have
thrust to within sight of the Soviet
capital.
The high command, meanwhile,
reported that 200,000 additional So
viet prisoners had been taken in the
Bryansk - Vyazma "annihilation"
pockets where it was claimed the
trapped armies of Marshal Semyon
Timoshenko were being chopped to
pieces, with the number of prison
ers increasing constantly.
The Berlin radio broadcast a
propaganda company report describ
ing a German air attack which left
Vyazma wracked by fires and ex
plosions, concluding with the asser
tion that toward the end of the raid
Nazi forces were seen entering the
BERLIN, Oct. 21 (UP). — German
troops were reported unofficially to
night, to have entered encircled Vy
azma, puverized and flaming city
astride the paved highway to Mos
cow along which Panzer spearheads
far to the east might already have
thrust to within sight of the Soviet
capital.
The high command, meanwhile,
reported that 200,000 additional So
viet prisoners had been taken in the
Bryansk - Vyazma "annihilation"
pockets where it was claimed the
trapped armies of Marshal Semyon
Timoshenko were being chopped to
pieces, with the number of prison
ers increasing constantly.
The Berlin radio broadcast a
propaganda company report describ
ing a German air attack which left
Vyazma wracked by fires and ex
plosions, concluding with the asser
tion that toward the end of the raid
Nazi forces were seen entering the
BERLIN, Oct. 21 (UP). — German
troops were reported unofficially to
night, to have entered encircled Vy
azma, puverized and flaming city
astride the paved highway to Mos
cow along which Panzer spearheads
far to the east might already have
thrust to within sight of the Soviet
capital.
The high command, meanwhile,
reported that 200,000 additional So
viet prisoners had been taken in the
Bryansk - Vyazma "annihilation"
pockets where it was claimed the
trapped armies of Marshal Semyon
Timoshenko were being chopped to
pieces, with the number of prison
ers increasing constantly.
The Berlin radio broadcast a
propaganda company report describ
ing a German air attack which left
Vyazma wracked by fires and ex
plosions, concluding with the asser
tion that toward the end of the raid
Nazi forces were seen entering the
BERLIN, Oct. 21 (UP). — German
troops were reported unofficially to
night, to have entered encircled Vy
azma, puverized and flaming city
astride the paved highway to Mos
cow along which Panzer spearheads
far to the east might already have
thrust to within sight of the Soviet
capital.
The high command, meanwhile,
reported that 200,000 additional So
viet prisoners had been taken in the
Bryansk - Vyazma "annihilation"
pockets where it was claimed the
trapped armies of Marshal Semyon
Timoshenko were being chopped to
pieces, with the number of prison
ers increasing constantly.
The Berlin radio broadcast a
propaganda company report describ
ing a German air attack which left
Vyazma wracked by fires and ex
plosions, concluding with the asser
tion that toward the end of the raid
Nazi forces were seen entering the
BERLIN, Oct. 21 (UP). — German
troops were reported unofficially to
night, to have entered encircled Vy
azma, puverized and flaming city
astride the paved highway to Mos
cow along which Panzer spearheads
far to the east might already have
thrust to within sight of the Soviet
capital.
The high command, meanwhile,
reported that 200,000 additional So
viet prisoners had been taken in the
Bryansk - Vyazma "annihilation"
pockets where it was claimed the
trapped armies of Marshal Semyon
Timoshenko were being chopped to
pieces, with the number of prison
ers increasing constantly.
The Berlin radio broadcast a
propaganda company report describ
ing a German air attack which left
Vyazma wracked by fires and ex
plosions, concluding with the asser
tion that toward the end of the raid
Nazi forces were seen entering the
