# Cowles to Govern University of Utah
## 
### 
—The Board of Aegents of the Uni
versity of Utah today announced
elevation of Dr. Leßoy E. Cowles,
dean of education, to the university
i presidency.
Cowles' election ended a three
month search for a president, and
the consideration of more than 80
applicants. He was expected to take
office at once, replacing Dr. George
Thomas, who resigned last June after
I holding the position for 21 years.
—The Board of Aegents of the Uni
versity of Utah today announced
elevation of Dr. Leßoy E. Cowles,
dean of education, to the university
i presidency.
Cowles' election ended a three
month search for a president, and
the consideration of more than 80
applicants. He was expected to take
office at once, replacing Dr. George
Thomas, who resigned last June after
I holding the position for 21 years.
—The Board of Aegents of the Uni
versity of Utah today announced
elevation of Dr. Leßoy E. Cowles,
dean of education, to the university
i presidency.
Cowles' election ended a three
month search for a president, and
the consideration of more than 80
applicants. He was expected to take
office at once, replacing Dr. George
Thomas, who resigned last June after
I holding the position for 21 years.
—The Board of Aegents of the Uni
versity of Utah today announced
elevation of Dr. Leßoy E. Cowles,
dean of education, to the university
i presidency.
Cowles' election ended a three
month search for a president, and
the consideration of more than 80
applicants. He was expected to take
office at once, replacing Dr. George
Thomas, who resigned last June after
I holding the position for 21 years.
—The Board of Aegents of the Uni
versity of Utah today announced
elevation of Dr. Leßoy E. Cowles,
dean of education, to the university
i presidency.
Cowles' election ended a three
month search for a president, and
the consideration of more than 80
applicants. He was expected to take
office at once, replacing Dr. George
Thomas, who resigned last June after
I holding the position for 21 years.
—The Board of Aegents of the Uni
versity of Utah today announced
elevation of Dr. Leßoy E. Cowles,
dean of education, to the university
i presidency.
Cowles' election ended a three
month search for a president, and
the consideration of more than 80
applicants. He was expected to take
office at once, replacing Dr. George
Thomas, who resigned last June after
I holding the position for 21 years.
—The Board of Aegents of the Uni
versity of Utah today announced
elevation of Dr. Leßoy E. Cowles,
dean of education, to the university
i presidency.
Cowles' election ended a three
month search for a president, and
the consideration of more than 80
applicants. He was expected to take
office at once, replacing Dr. George
Thomas, who resigned last June after
I holding the position for 21 years.
—The Board of Aegents of the Uni
versity of Utah today announced
elevation of Dr. Leßoy E. Cowles,
dean of education, to the university
i presidency.
Cowles' election ended a three
month search for a president, and
the consideration of more than 80
applicants. He was expected to take
office at once, replacing Dr. George
Thomas, who resigned last June after
I holding the position for 21 years.
—The Board of Aegents of the Uni
versity of Utah today announced
elevation of Dr. Leßoy E. Cowles,
dean of education, to the university
i presidency.
Cowles' election ended a three
month search for a president, and
the consideration of more than 80
applicants. He was expected to take
office at once, replacing Dr. George
Thomas, who resigned last June after
I holding the position for 21 years.
—The Board of Aegents of the Uni
versity of Utah today announced
elevation of Dr. Leßoy E. Cowles,
dean of education, to the university
i presidency.
Cowles' election ended a three
month search for a president, and
the consideration of more than 80
applicants. He was expected to take
office at once, replacing Dr. George
Thomas, who resigned last June after
I holding the position for 21 years.
—The Board of Aegents of the Uni
versity of Utah today announced
elevation of Dr. Leßoy E. Cowles,
dean of education, to the university
i presidency.
Cowles' election ended a three
month search for a president, and
the consideration of more than 80
applicants. He was expected to take
office at once, replacing Dr. George
Thomas, who resigned last June after
I holding the position for 21 years.
—The Board of Aegents of the Uni
versity of Utah today announced
elevation of Dr. Leßoy E. Cowles,
dean of education, to the university
i presidency.
Cowles' election ended a three
month search for a president, and
the consideration of more than 80
applicants. He was expected to take
office at once, replacing Dr. George
Thomas, who resigned last June after
I holding the position for 21 years.
—The Board of Aegents of the Uni
versity of Utah today announced
elevation of Dr. Leßoy E. Cowles,
dean of education, to the university
i presidency.
Cowles' election ended a three
month search for a president, and
the consideration of more than 80
applicants. He was expected to take
office at once, replacing Dr. George
Thomas, who resigned last June after
I holding the position for 21 years.
—The Board of Aegents of the Uni
versity of Utah today announced
elevation of Dr. Leßoy E. Cowles,
dean of education, to the university
i presidency.
Cowles' election ended a three
month search for a president, and
the consideration of more than 80
applicants. He was expected to take
office at once, replacing Dr. George
Thomas, who resigned last June after
I holding the position for 21 years.
—The Board of Aegents of the Uni
versity of Utah today announced
elevation of Dr. Leßoy E. Cowles,
dean of education, to the university
i presidency.
Cowles' election ended a three
month search for a president, and
the consideration of more than 80
applicants. He was expected to take
office at once, replacing Dr. George
Thomas, who resigned last June after
I holding the position for 21 years.
—The Board of Aegents of the Uni
versity of Utah today announced
elevation of Dr. Leßoy E. Cowles,
dean of education, to the university
i presidency.
Cowles' election ended a three
month search for a president, and
the consideration of more than 80
applicants. He was expected to take
office at once, replacing Dr. George
Thomas, who resigned last June after
I holding the position for 21 years.
—The Board of Aegents of the Uni
versity of Utah today announced
elevation of Dr. Leßoy E. Cowles,
dean of education, to the university
i presidency.
Cowles' election ended a three
month search for a president, and
the consideration of more than 80
applicants. He was expected to take
office at once, replacing Dr. George
Thomas, who resigned last June after
I holding the position for 21 years.
—The Board of Aegents of the Uni
versity of Utah today announced
elevation of Dr. Leßoy E. Cowles,
dean of education, to the university
i presidency.
Cowles' election ended a three
month search for a president, and
the consideration of more than 80
applicants. He was expected to take
office at once, replacing Dr. George
Thomas, who resigned last June after
I holding the position for 21 years.
