# Tickets Available To Waters Play
## 
### 
Special student tickets will be
available for the play, "Mamba's
Daughters," it has been announced
hy Hubert HefTner of the drama de
partment.
Students wishing to see the San
Francisco production at the Geary
Theater, starring Ethel Waters to
night or tomorrow night, may get
special rate tickets from the drama
department secretary, Room 202,
Memorial Hall.
Some $2.75 orchestra seats for
$1.65 will be available to Stanford
students for today and tomorrow
only, while they last.
Special student tickets will be
available for the play, "Mamba's
Daughters," it has been announced
hy Hubert HefTner of the drama de
partment.
Students wishing to see the San
Francisco production at the Geary
Theater, starring Ethel Waters to
night or tomorrow night, may get
special rate tickets from the drama
department secretary, Room 202,
Memorial Hall.
Some $2.75 orchestra seats for
$1.65 will be available to Stanford
students for today and tomorrow
only, while they last.
Special student tickets will be
available for the play, "Mamba's
Daughters," it has been announced
hy Hubert HefTner of the drama de
partment.
Students wishing to see the San
Francisco production at the Geary
Theater, starring Ethel Waters to
night or tomorrow night, may get
special rate tickets from the drama
department secretary, Room 202,
Memorial Hall.
Some $2.75 orchestra seats for
$1.65 will be available to Stanford
students for today and tomorrow
only, while they last.
Special student tickets will be
available for the play, "Mamba's
Daughters," it has been announced
hy Hubert HefTner of the drama de
partment.
Students wishing to see the San
Francisco production at the Geary
Theater, starring Ethel Waters to
night or tomorrow night, may get
special rate tickets from the drama
department secretary, Room 202,
Memorial Hall.
Some $2.75 orchestra seats for
$1.65 will be available to Stanford
students for today and tomorrow
only, while they last.
Special student tickets will be
available for the play, "Mamba's
Daughters," it has been announced
hy Hubert HefTner of the drama de
partment.
Students wishing to see the San
Francisco production at the Geary
Theater, starring Ethel Waters to
night or tomorrow night, may get
special rate tickets from the drama
department secretary, Room 202,
Memorial Hall.
Some $2.75 orchestra seats for
$1.65 will be available to Stanford
students for today and tomorrow
only, while they last.
Special student tickets will be
available for the play, "Mamba's
Daughters," it has been announced
hy Hubert HefTner of the drama de
partment.
Students wishing to see the San
Francisco production at the Geary
Theater, starring Ethel Waters to
night or tomorrow night, may get
special rate tickets from the drama
department secretary, Room 202,
Memorial Hall.
Some $2.75 orchestra seats for
$1.65 will be available to Stanford
students for today and tomorrow
only, while they last.
Special student tickets will be
available for the play, "Mamba's
Daughters," it has been announced
hy Hubert HefTner of the drama de
partment.
Students wishing to see the San
Francisco production at the Geary
Theater, starring Ethel Waters to
night or tomorrow night, may get
special rate tickets from the drama
department secretary, Room 202,
Memorial Hall.
Some $2.75 orchestra seats for
$1.65 will be available to Stanford
students for today and tomorrow
only, while they last.
Special student tickets will be
available for the play, "Mamba's
Daughters," it has been announced
hy Hubert HefTner of the drama de
partment.
Students wishing to see the San
Francisco production at the Geary
Theater, starring Ethel Waters to
night or tomorrow night, may get
special rate tickets from the drama
department secretary, Room 202,
Memorial Hall.
Some $2.75 orchestra seats for
$1.65 will be available to Stanford
students for today and tomorrow
only, while they last.
Special student tickets will be
available for the play, "Mamba's
Daughters," it has been announced
hy Hubert HefTner of the drama de
partment.
Students wishing to see the San
Francisco production at the Geary
Theater, starring Ethel Waters to
night or tomorrow night, may get
special rate tickets from the drama
department secretary, Room 202,
Memorial Hall.
Some $2.75 orchestra seats for
$1.65 will be available to Stanford
students for today and tomorrow
only, while they last.
Special student tickets will be
available for the play, "Mamba's
Daughters," it has been announced
hy Hubert HefTner of the drama de
partment.
Students wishing to see the San
Francisco production at the Geary
Theater, starring Ethel Waters to
night or tomorrow night, may get
special rate tickets from the drama
department secretary, Room 202,
Memorial Hall.
Some $2.75 orchestra seats for
$1.65 will be available to Stanford
students for today and tomorrow
only, while they last.
Special student tickets will be
available for the play, "Mamba's
Daughters," it has been announced
hy Hubert HefTner of the drama de
partment.
Students wishing to see the San
Francisco production at the Geary
Theater, starring Ethel Waters to
night or tomorrow night, may get
special rate tickets from the drama
department secretary, Room 202,
Memorial Hall.
Some $2.75 orchestra seats for
$1.65 will be available to Stanford
students for today and tomorrow
only, while they last.
Special student tickets will be
available for the play, "Mamba's
Daughters," it has been announced
hy Hubert HefTner of the drama de
partment.
Students wishing to see the San
Francisco production at the Geary
Theater, starring Ethel Waters to
night or tomorrow night, may get
special rate tickets from the drama
department secretary, Room 202,
Memorial Hall.
Some $2.75 orchestra seats for
$1.65 will be available to Stanford
students for today and tomorrow
only, while they last.
Special student tickets will be
available for the play, "Mamba's
Daughters," it has been announced
hy Hubert HefTner of the drama de
partment.
Students wishing to see the San
Francisco production at the Geary
Theater, starring Ethel Waters to
night or tomorrow night, may get
special rate tickets from the drama
department secretary, Room 202,
Memorial Hall.
Some $2.75 orchestra seats for
$1.65 will be available to Stanford
students for today and tomorrow
only, while they last.
Special student tickets will be
available for the play, "Mamba's
Daughters," it has been announced
hy Hubert HefTner of the drama de
partment.
Students wishing to see the San
Francisco production at the Geary
Theater, starring Ethel Waters to
night or tomorrow night, may get
special rate tickets from the drama
department secretary, Room 202,
Memorial Hall.
Some $2.75 orchestra seats for
$1.65 will be available to Stanford
students for today and tomorrow
only, while they last.
Special student tickets will be
available for the play, "Mamba's
Daughters," it has been announced
hy Hubert HefTner of the drama de
partment.
Students wishing to see the San
Francisco production at the Geary
Theater, starring Ethel Waters to
night or tomorrow night, may get
special rate tickets from the drama
department secretary, Room 202,
Memorial Hall.
Some $2.75 orchestra seats for
$1.65 will be available to Stanford
students for today and tomorrow
only, while they last.
Special student tickets will be
available for the play, "Mamba's
Daughters," it has been announced
hy Hubert HefTner of the drama de
partment.
Students wishing to see the San
Francisco production at the Geary
Theater, starring Ethel Waters to
night or tomorrow night, may get
special rate tickets from the drama
department secretary, Room 202,
Memorial Hall.
Some $2.75 orchestra seats for
$1.65 will be available to Stanford
students for today and tomorrow
only, while they last.
Special student tickets will be
available for the play, "Mamba's
Daughters," it has been announced
hy Hubert HefTner of the drama de
partment.
Students wishing to see the San
Francisco production at the Geary
Theater, starring Ethel Waters to
night or tomorrow night, may get
special rate tickets from the drama
department secretary, Room 202,
Memorial Hall.
Some $2.75 orchestra seats for
$1.65 will be available to Stanford
students for today and tomorrow
only, while they last.
Special student tickets will be
available for the play, "Mamba's
Daughters," it has been announced
hy Hubert HefTner of the drama de
partment.
Students wishing to see the San
Francisco production at the Geary
Theater, starring Ethel Waters to
night or tomorrow night, may get
special rate tickets from the drama
department secretary, Room 202,
Memorial Hall.
Some $2.75 orchestra seats for
$1.65 will be available to Stanford
students for today and tomorrow
only, while they last.
