# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—"Hurry Up" Yost, the famous
football coach, is engaged to be
married to Miss Fern Beebe of Big
Rapids, Michigan.
—The upper-class men of the Uni
versity of Oregon have decided that
there shall be no more class caps
worn by freshmen at the university,
in order to prevent rushes between
the sophomores and freshmen.
—"Hurry Up" Yost, the famous
football coach, is engaged to be
married to Miss Fern Beebe of Big
Rapids, Michigan.
—The upper-class men of the Uni
versity of Oregon have decided that
there shall be no more class caps
worn by freshmen at the university,
in order to prevent rushes between
the sophomores and freshmen.
—"Hurry Up" Yost, the famous
football coach, is engaged to be
married to Miss Fern Beebe of Big
Rapids, Michigan.
—The upper-class men of the Uni
versity of Oregon have decided that
there shall be no more class caps
worn by freshmen at the university,
in order to prevent rushes between
the sophomores and freshmen.
—"Hurry Up" Yost, the famous
football coach, is engaged to be
married to Miss Fern Beebe of Big
Rapids, Michigan.
—The upper-class men of the Uni
versity of Oregon have decided that
there shall be no more class caps
worn by freshmen at the university,
in order to prevent rushes between
the sophomores and freshmen.
—"Hurry Up" Yost, the famous
football coach, is engaged to be
married to Miss Fern Beebe of Big
Rapids, Michigan.
—The upper-class men of the Uni
versity of Oregon have decided that
there shall be no more class caps
worn by freshmen at the university,
in order to prevent rushes between
the sophomores and freshmen.
—"Hurry Up" Yost, the famous
football coach, is engaged to be
married to Miss Fern Beebe of Big
Rapids, Michigan.
—The upper-class men of the Uni
versity of Oregon have decided that
there shall be no more class caps
worn by freshmen at the university,
in order to prevent rushes between
the sophomores and freshmen.
—"Hurry Up" Yost, the famous
football coach, is engaged to be
married to Miss Fern Beebe of Big
Rapids, Michigan.
—The upper-class men of the Uni
versity of Oregon have decided that
there shall be no more class caps
worn by freshmen at the university,
in order to prevent rushes between
the sophomores and freshmen.
—"Hurry Up" Yost, the famous
football coach, is engaged to be
married to Miss Fern Beebe of Big
Rapids, Michigan.
—The upper-class men of the Uni
versity of Oregon have decided that
there shall be no more class caps
worn by freshmen at the university,
in order to prevent rushes between
the sophomores and freshmen.
—"Hurry Up" Yost, the famous
football coach, is engaged to be
married to Miss Fern Beebe of Big
Rapids, Michigan.
—The upper-class men of the Uni
versity of Oregon have decided that
there shall be no more class caps
worn by freshmen at the university,
in order to prevent rushes between
the sophomores and freshmen.
