# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The comments of the press in
the various towns that the musical
clubs visited were very favorable
to the clubs. All reports of the
trip are that the men conducted
themselves with credit to Stanford
throughout their tour. An im
pression of this kind in the south
ern part of the state is sure to be
of benefit to Stanford. Financially
there is but a small deficit, due
mainly to poor advertising on the
part of the advance agent. This
deficit should be easily removed by
the proceeds of the concert to be
given on the campus during this
month.
The comments of the press in
the various towns that the musical
clubs visited were very favorable
to the clubs. All reports of the
trip are that the men conducted
themselves with credit to Stanford
throughout their tour. An im
pression of this kind in the south
ern part of the state is sure to be
of benefit to Stanford. Financially
there is but a small deficit, due
mainly to poor advertising on the
part of the advance agent. This
deficit should be easily removed by
the proceeds of the concert to be
given on the campus during this
month.
The comments of the press in
the various towns that the musical
clubs visited were very favorable
to the clubs. All reports of the
trip are that the men conducted
themselves with credit to Stanford
throughout their tour. An im
pression of this kind in the south
ern part of the state is sure to be
of benefit to Stanford. Financially
there is but a small deficit, due
mainly to poor advertising on the
part of the advance agent. This
deficit should be easily removed by
the proceeds of the concert to be
given on the campus during this
month.
The comments of the press in
the various towns that the musical
clubs visited were very favorable
to the clubs. All reports of the
trip are that the men conducted
themselves with credit to Stanford
throughout their tour. An im
pression of this kind in the south
ern part of the state is sure to be
of benefit to Stanford. Financially
there is but a small deficit, due
mainly to poor advertising on the
part of the advance agent. This
deficit should be easily removed by
the proceeds of the concert to be
given on the campus during this
month.
The comments of the press in
the various towns that the musical
clubs visited were very favorable
to the clubs. All reports of the
trip are that the men conducted
themselves with credit to Stanford
throughout their tour. An im
pression of this kind in the south
ern part of the state is sure to be
of benefit to Stanford. Financially
there is but a small deficit, due
mainly to poor advertising on the
part of the advance agent. This
deficit should be easily removed by
the proceeds of the concert to be
given on the campus during this
month.
The comments of the press in
the various towns that the musical
clubs visited were very favorable
to the clubs. All reports of the
trip are that the men conducted
themselves with credit to Stanford
throughout their tour. An im
pression of this kind in the south
ern part of the state is sure to be
of benefit to Stanford. Financially
there is but a small deficit, due
mainly to poor advertising on the
part of the advance agent. This
deficit should be easily removed by
the proceeds of the concert to be
given on the campus during this
month.
The comments of the press in
the various towns that the musical
clubs visited were very favorable
to the clubs. All reports of the
trip are that the men conducted
themselves with credit to Stanford
throughout their tour. An im
pression of this kind in the south
ern part of the state is sure to be
of benefit to Stanford. Financially
there is but a small deficit, due
mainly to poor advertising on the
part of the advance agent. This
deficit should be easily removed by
the proceeds of the concert to be
given on the campus during this
month.
The comments of the press in
the various towns that the musical
clubs visited were very favorable
to the clubs. All reports of the
trip are that the men conducted
themselves with credit to Stanford
throughout their tour. An im
pression of this kind in the south
ern part of the state is sure to be
of benefit to Stanford. Financially
there is but a small deficit, due
mainly to poor advertising on the
part of the advance agent. This
deficit should be easily removed by
the proceeds of the concert to be
given on the campus during this
month.
The comments of the press in
the various towns that the musical
clubs visited were very favorable
to the clubs. All reports of the
trip are that the men conducted
themselves with credit to Stanford
throughout their tour. An im
pression of this kind in the south
ern part of the state is sure to be
of benefit to Stanford. Financially
there is but a small deficit, due
mainly to poor advertising on the
part of the advance agent. This
deficit should be easily removed by
the proceeds of the concert to be
given on the campus during this
month.
