# PHILOLOGICAL ASSOCIATION
## 
### 
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will meet this afternoon at
4:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. A panel dis
cussion will be held on the topic
"What are the aims of foreign lan
guage teaching in a university?"
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will meet this afternoon at
4:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. A panel dis
cussion will be held on the topic
"What are the aims of foreign lan
guage teaching in a university?"
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will meet this afternoon at
4:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. A panel dis
cussion will be held on the topic
"What are the aims of foreign lan
guage teaching in a university?"
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will meet this afternoon at
4:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. A panel dis
cussion will be held on the topic
"What are the aims of foreign lan
guage teaching in a university?"
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will meet this afternoon at
4:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. A panel dis
cussion will be held on the topic
"What are the aims of foreign lan
guage teaching in a university?"
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will meet this afternoon at
4:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. A panel dis
cussion will be held on the topic
"What are the aims of foreign lan
guage teaching in a university?"
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will meet this afternoon at
4:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. A panel dis
cussion will be held on the topic
"What are the aims of foreign lan
guage teaching in a university?"
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will meet this afternoon at
4:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. A panel dis
cussion will be held on the topic
"What are the aims of foreign lan
guage teaching in a university?"
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will meet this afternoon at
4:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. A panel dis
cussion will be held on the topic
"What are the aims of foreign lan
guage teaching in a university?"
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will meet this afternoon at
4:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. A panel dis
cussion will be held on the topic
"What are the aims of foreign lan
guage teaching in a university?"
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will meet this afternoon at
4:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. A panel dis
cussion will be held on the topic
"What are the aims of foreign lan
guage teaching in a university?"
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will meet this afternoon at
4:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. A panel dis
cussion will be held on the topic
"What are the aims of foreign lan
guage teaching in a university?"
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will meet this afternoon at
4:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. A panel dis
cussion will be held on the topic
"What are the aims of foreign lan
guage teaching in a university?"
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will meet this afternoon at
4:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. A panel dis
cussion will be held on the topic
"What are the aims of foreign lan
guage teaching in a university?"
