# Untitled Article
## 
### 

JOE MARVIN, the man who has been designated to fill Ernie
Johnson's shoes, is one of UCLA's top backs. A hard-running
junior, Marvin packs 180 pounds on a 5 ft. 11 in. frame.

JOE MARVIN, the man who has been designated to fill Ernie
Johnson's shoes, is one of UCLA's top backs. A hard-running
junior, Marvin packs 180 pounds on a 5 ft. 11 in. frame.

JOE MARVIN, the man who has been designated to fill Ernie
Johnson's shoes, is one of UCLA's top backs. A hard-running
junior, Marvin packs 180 pounds on a 5 ft. 11 in. frame.

JOE MARVIN, the man who has been designated to fill Ernie
Johnson's shoes, is one of UCLA's top backs. A hard-running
junior, Marvin packs 180 pounds on a 5 ft. 11 in. frame.

JOE MARVIN, the man who has been designated to fill Ernie
Johnson's shoes, is one of UCLA's top backs. A hard-running
junior, Marvin packs 180 pounds on a 5 ft. 11 in. frame.

JOE MARVIN, the man who has been designated to fill Ernie
Johnson's shoes, is one of UCLA's top backs. A hard-running
junior, Marvin packs 180 pounds on a 5 ft. 11 in. frame.

JOE MARVIN, the man who has been designated to fill Ernie
Johnson's shoes, is one of UCLA's top backs. A hard-running
junior, Marvin packs 180 pounds on a 5 ft. 11 in. frame.

JOE MARVIN, the man who has been designated to fill Ernie
Johnson's shoes, is one of UCLA's top backs. A hard-running
junior, Marvin packs 180 pounds on a 5 ft. 11 in. frame.

JOE MARVIN, the man who has been designated to fill Ernie
Johnson's shoes, is one of UCLA's top backs. A hard-running
junior, Marvin packs 180 pounds on a 5 ft. 11 in. frame.

JOE MARVIN, the man who has been designated to fill Ernie
Johnson's shoes, is one of UCLA's top backs. A hard-running
junior, Marvin packs 180 pounds on a 5 ft. 11 in. frame.

JOE MARVIN, the man who has been designated to fill Ernie
Johnson's shoes, is one of UCLA's top backs. A hard-running
junior, Marvin packs 180 pounds on a 5 ft. 11 in. frame.

JOE MARVIN, the man who has been designated to fill Ernie
Johnson's shoes, is one of UCLA's top backs. A hard-running
junior, Marvin packs 180 pounds on a 5 ft. 11 in. frame.

JOE MARVIN, the man who has been designated to fill Ernie
Johnson's shoes, is one of UCLA's top backs. A hard-running
junior, Marvin packs 180 pounds on a 5 ft. 11 in. frame.

JOE MARVIN, the man who has been designated to fill Ernie
Johnson's shoes, is one of UCLA's top backs. A hard-running
junior, Marvin packs 180 pounds on a 5 ft. 11 in. frame.
