# French Indo-China
## 
### 
HONG KONG —An unconfirmed
Chinese dispatch from Yungning
(Wanning) in southern Kwangsi
province said today that 15,000
well-equipped Chinese Communist
troops have crossed the border into
Indo-China.
The report said the troops were
equipped with light artillery and
machine guns and crossed the fron
tier from Kwantung province near
the area where the French have
abandoned a whole string of border
garrisons.
HONG KONG —An unconfirmed
Chinese dispatch from Yungning
(Wanning) in southern Kwangsi
province said today that 15,000
well-equipped Chinese Communist
troops have crossed the border into
Indo-China.
The report said the troops were
equipped with light artillery and
machine guns and crossed the fron
tier from Kwantung province near
the area where the French have
abandoned a whole string of border
garrisons.
HONG KONG —An unconfirmed
Chinese dispatch from Yungning
(Wanning) in southern Kwangsi
province said today that 15,000
well-equipped Chinese Communist
troops have crossed the border into
Indo-China.
The report said the troops were
equipped with light artillery and
machine guns and crossed the fron
tier from Kwantung province near
the area where the French have
abandoned a whole string of border
garrisons.
HONG KONG —An unconfirmed
Chinese dispatch from Yungning
(Wanning) in southern Kwangsi
province said today that 15,000
well-equipped Chinese Communist
troops have crossed the border into
Indo-China.
The report said the troops were
equipped with light artillery and
machine guns and crossed the fron
tier from Kwantung province near
the area where the French have
abandoned a whole string of border
garrisons.
HONG KONG —An unconfirmed
Chinese dispatch from Yungning
(Wanning) in southern Kwangsi
province said today that 15,000
well-equipped Chinese Communist
troops have crossed the border into
Indo-China.
The report said the troops were
equipped with light artillery and
machine guns and crossed the fron
tier from Kwantung province near
the area where the French have
abandoned a whole string of border
garrisons.
HONG KONG —An unconfirmed
Chinese dispatch from Yungning
(Wanning) in southern Kwangsi
province said today that 15,000
well-equipped Chinese Communist
troops have crossed the border into
Indo-China.
The report said the troops were
equipped with light artillery and
machine guns and crossed the fron
tier from Kwantung province near
the area where the French have
abandoned a whole string of border
garrisons.
HONG KONG —An unconfirmed
Chinese dispatch from Yungning
(Wanning) in southern Kwangsi
province said today that 15,000
well-equipped Chinese Communist
troops have crossed the border into
Indo-China.
The report said the troops were
equipped with light artillery and
machine guns and crossed the fron
tier from Kwantung province near
the area where the French have
abandoned a whole string of border
garrisons.
HONG KONG —An unconfirmed
Chinese dispatch from Yungning
(Wanning) in southern Kwangsi
province said today that 15,000
well-equipped Chinese Communist
troops have crossed the border into
Indo-China.
The report said the troops were
equipped with light artillery and
machine guns and crossed the fron
tier from Kwantung province near
the area where the French have
abandoned a whole string of border
garrisons.
HONG KONG —An unconfirmed
Chinese dispatch from Yungning
(Wanning) in southern Kwangsi
province said today that 15,000
well-equipped Chinese Communist
troops have crossed the border into
Indo-China.
The report said the troops were
equipped with light artillery and
machine guns and crossed the fron
tier from Kwantung province near
the area where the French have
abandoned a whole string of border
garrisons.
HONG KONG —An unconfirmed
Chinese dispatch from Yungning
(Wanning) in southern Kwangsi
province said today that 15,000
well-equipped Chinese Communist
troops have crossed the border into
Indo-China.
The report said the troops were
equipped with light artillery and
machine guns and crossed the fron
tier from Kwantung province near
the area where the French have
abandoned a whole string of border
garrisons.
HONG KONG —An unconfirmed
Chinese dispatch from Yungning
(Wanning) in southern Kwangsi
province said today that 15,000
well-equipped Chinese Communist
troops have crossed the border into
Indo-China.
The report said the troops were
equipped with light artillery and
machine guns and crossed the fron
tier from Kwantung province near
the area where the French have
abandoned a whole string of border
garrisons.
HONG KONG —An unconfirmed
Chinese dispatch from Yungning
(Wanning) in southern Kwangsi
province said today that 15,000
well-equipped Chinese Communist
troops have crossed the border into
Indo-China.
The report said the troops were
equipped with light artillery and
machine guns and crossed the fron
tier from Kwantung province near
the area where the French have
abandoned a whole string of border
garrisons.
HONG KONG —An unconfirmed
Chinese dispatch from Yungning
(Wanning) in southern Kwangsi
province said today that 15,000
well-equipped Chinese Communist
troops have crossed the border into
Indo-China.
The report said the troops were
equipped with light artillery and
machine guns and crossed the fron
tier from Kwantung province near
the area where the French have
abandoned a whole string of border
garrisons.
HONG KONG —An unconfirmed
Chinese dispatch from Yungning
(Wanning) in southern Kwangsi
province said today that 15,000
well-equipped Chinese Communist
troops have crossed the border into
Indo-China.
The report said the troops were
equipped with light artillery and
machine guns and crossed the fron
tier from Kwantung province near
the area where the French have
abandoned a whole string of border
garrisons.
