# Tickets Sell Today For Two Cal Games
## 
### 
Tickets for the last Stanford
basketball games of the season
against Cal this weekend will go
on sale at 8:30 a.m. today at the
SAC ticket window.
Priority for tickets will he held
for students who did not see the
first Stanford-Cai games. Remain
ing tickets will go 011 open sale
tomorrow.
Tickets for the last Stanford
basketball games of the season
against Cal this weekend will go
on sale at 8:30 a.m. today at the
SAC ticket window.
Priority for tickets will he held
for students who did not see the
first Stanford-Cai games. Remain
ing tickets will go 011 open sale
tomorrow.
Tickets for the last Stanford
basketball games of the season
against Cal this weekend will go
on sale at 8:30 a.m. today at the
SAC ticket window.
Priority for tickets will he held
for students who did not see the
first Stanford-Cai games. Remain
ing tickets will go 011 open sale
tomorrow.
Tickets for the last Stanford
basketball games of the season
against Cal this weekend will go
on sale at 8:30 a.m. today at the
SAC ticket window.
Priority for tickets will he held
for students who did not see the
first Stanford-Cai games. Remain
ing tickets will go 011 open sale
tomorrow.
Tickets for the last Stanford
basketball games of the season
against Cal this weekend will go
on sale at 8:30 a.m. today at the
SAC ticket window.
Priority for tickets will he held
for students who did not see the
first Stanford-Cai games. Remain
ing tickets will go 011 open sale
tomorrow.
Tickets for the last Stanford
basketball games of the season
against Cal this weekend will go
on sale at 8:30 a.m. today at the
SAC ticket window.
Priority for tickets will he held
for students who did not see the
first Stanford-Cai games. Remain
ing tickets will go 011 open sale
tomorrow.
Tickets for the last Stanford
basketball games of the season
against Cal this weekend will go
on sale at 8:30 a.m. today at the
SAC ticket window.
Priority for tickets will he held
for students who did not see the
first Stanford-Cai games. Remain
ing tickets will go 011 open sale
tomorrow.
Tickets for the last Stanford
basketball games of the season
against Cal this weekend will go
on sale at 8:30 a.m. today at the
SAC ticket window.
Priority for tickets will he held
for students who did not see the
first Stanford-Cai games. Remain
ing tickets will go 011 open sale
tomorrow.
Tickets for the last Stanford
basketball games of the season
against Cal this weekend will go
on sale at 8:30 a.m. today at the
SAC ticket window.
Priority for tickets will he held
for students who did not see the
first Stanford-Cai games. Remain
ing tickets will go 011 open sale
tomorrow.
Tickets for the last Stanford
basketball games of the season
against Cal this weekend will go
on sale at 8:30 a.m. today at the
SAC ticket window.
Priority for tickets will he held
for students who did not see the
first Stanford-Cai games. Remain
ing tickets will go 011 open sale
tomorrow.
Tickets for the last Stanford
basketball games of the season
against Cal this weekend will go
on sale at 8:30 a.m. today at the
SAC ticket window.
Priority for tickets will he held
for students who did not see the
first Stanford-Cai games. Remain
ing tickets will go 011 open sale
tomorrow.
Tickets for the last Stanford
basketball games of the season
against Cal this weekend will go
on sale at 8:30 a.m. today at the
SAC ticket window.
Priority for tickets will he held
for students who did not see the
first Stanford-Cai games. Remain
ing tickets will go 011 open sale
tomorrow.
Tickets for the last Stanford
basketball games of the season
against Cal this weekend will go
on sale at 8:30 a.m. today at the
SAC ticket window.
Priority for tickets will he held
for students who did not see the
first Stanford-Cai games. Remain
ing tickets will go 011 open sale
tomorrow.
Tickets for the last Stanford
basketball games of the season
against Cal this weekend will go
on sale at 8:30 a.m. today at the
SAC ticket window.
Priority for tickets will he held
for students who did not see the
first Stanford-Cai games. Remain
ing tickets will go 011 open sale
tomorrow.
Tickets for the last Stanford
basketball games of the season
against Cal this weekend will go
on sale at 8:30 a.m. today at the
SAC ticket window.
Priority for tickets will he held
for students who did not see the
first Stanford-Cai games. Remain
ing tickets will go 011 open sale
tomorrow.
