# Encina 3E Wades To 10 to 2 Win
## 
### 
Playing under conditions ideal for
ducks, Rolan Conklin pitched and
Bob Moritz batted their Encina 3E
mates to a mud-splashed 10 to 2
victory over 4W on the intramurals'
equivalent to Sunken Diamond.
Conklin allowed on!y two hits and
fanned seven batters.
Three-E scored first in the in
augural frame when Moritz drove
home two runs and scored himself
following Bruce Langton's wind
blown single.
Dave Milncr's single in the third
chased home 4W runners Bill Berg
lund and John Buren, who had
walked. Four-W had ducks on the
pond in the fourth, but Conklin
whiffed Buren on a 3 and 2 pitch to
end the inning.
Three-W slipped six more runs
across the plate in their half of the
fourth on three 4W errors, two sin
gles, and a home run by Moritz.
