# Farm News Roundup
## Social News 
### 
Social activities are being di
verted to Con Home celebrations
this weekend, and only seven closed
parties are on the calendar.
Tomorrow night the Christian
Fellowship has scheduled a party,
and Phi Kappa Sigma will hold a
fireside.
Saturday night, for which Cardi
nals have a closed date, will also
have Alpha Delta Phi and Chi Psi
parties on the slate.
Casa Olivo, Lagunita, and Village
214 have planned parties for Sun
day.
Social activities are being di
verted to Con Home celebrations
this weekend, and only seven closed
parties are on the calendar.
Tomorrow night the Christian
Fellowship has scheduled a party,
and Phi Kappa Sigma will hold a
fireside.
Saturday night, for which Cardi
nals have a closed date, will also
have Alpha Delta Phi and Chi Psi
parties on the slate.
Casa Olivo, Lagunita, and Village
214 have planned parties for Sun
day.
Social activities are being di
verted to Con Home celebrations
this weekend, and only seven closed
parties are on the calendar.
Tomorrow night the Christian
Fellowship has scheduled a party,
and Phi Kappa Sigma will hold a
fireside.
Saturday night, for which Cardi
nals have a closed date, will also
have Alpha Delta Phi and Chi Psi
parties on the slate.
Casa Olivo, Lagunita, and Village
214 have planned parties for Sun
day.
Social activities are being di
verted to Con Home celebrations
this weekend, and only seven closed
parties are on the calendar.
Tomorrow night the Christian
Fellowship has scheduled a party,
and Phi Kappa Sigma will hold a
fireside.
Saturday night, for which Cardi
nals have a closed date, will also
have Alpha Delta Phi and Chi Psi
parties on the slate.
Casa Olivo, Lagunita, and Village
214 have planned parties for Sun
day.
Social activities are being di
verted to Con Home celebrations
this weekend, and only seven closed
parties are on the calendar.
Tomorrow night the Christian
Fellowship has scheduled a party,
and Phi Kappa Sigma will hold a
fireside.
Saturday night, for which Cardi
nals have a closed date, will also
have Alpha Delta Phi and Chi Psi
parties on the slate.
Casa Olivo, Lagunita, and Village
214 have planned parties for Sun
day.
Social activities are being di
verted to Con Home celebrations
this weekend, and only seven closed
parties are on the calendar.
Tomorrow night the Christian
Fellowship has scheduled a party,
and Phi Kappa Sigma will hold a
fireside.
Saturday night, for which Cardi
nals have a closed date, will also
have Alpha Delta Phi and Chi Psi
parties on the slate.
Casa Olivo, Lagunita, and Village
214 have planned parties for Sun
day.
Social activities are being di
verted to Con Home celebrations
this weekend, and only seven closed
parties are on the calendar.
Tomorrow night the Christian
Fellowship has scheduled a party,
and Phi Kappa Sigma will hold a
fireside.
Saturday night, for which Cardi
nals have a closed date, will also
have Alpha Delta Phi and Chi Psi
parties on the slate.
Casa Olivo, Lagunita, and Village
214 have planned parties for Sun
day.
Social activities are being di
verted to Con Home celebrations
this weekend, and only seven closed
parties are on the calendar.
Tomorrow night the Christian
Fellowship has scheduled a party,
and Phi Kappa Sigma will hold a
fireside.
Saturday night, for which Cardi
nals have a closed date, will also
have Alpha Delta Phi and Chi Psi
parties on the slate.
Casa Olivo, Lagunita, and Village
214 have planned parties for Sun
day.
Social activities are being di
verted to Con Home celebrations
this weekend, and only seven closed
parties are on the calendar.
Tomorrow night the Christian
Fellowship has scheduled a party,
and Phi Kappa Sigma will hold a
fireside.
Saturday night, for which Cardi
nals have a closed date, will also
have Alpha Delta Phi and Chi Psi
parties on the slate.
Casa Olivo, Lagunita, and Village
214 have planned parties for Sun
day.
Social activities are being di
verted to Con Home celebrations
this weekend, and only seven closed
parties are on the calendar.
Tomorrow night the Christian
Fellowship has scheduled a party,
and Phi Kappa Sigma will hold a
fireside.
Saturday night, for which Cardi
nals have a closed date, will also
have Alpha Delta Phi and Chi Psi
parties on the slate.
Casa Olivo, Lagunita, and Village
214 have planned parties for Sun
day.
Social activities are being di
verted to Con Home celebrations
this weekend, and only seven closed
parties are on the calendar.
Tomorrow night the Christian
Fellowship has scheduled a party,
and Phi Kappa Sigma will hold a
fireside.
Saturday night, for which Cardi
nals have a closed date, will also
have Alpha Delta Phi and Chi Psi
parties on the slate.
Casa Olivo, Lagunita, and Village
214 have planned parties for Sun
day.
Social activities are being di
verted to Con Home celebrations
this weekend, and only seven closed
parties are on the calendar.
Tomorrow night the Christian
Fellowship has scheduled a party,
and Phi Kappa Sigma will hold a
fireside.
Saturday night, for which Cardi
nals have a closed date, will also
have Alpha Delta Phi and Chi Psi
parties on the slate.
Casa Olivo, Lagunita, and Village
214 have planned parties for Sun
day.
Social activities are being di
verted to Con Home celebrations
this weekend, and only seven closed
parties are on the calendar.
Tomorrow night the Christian
Fellowship has scheduled a party,
and Phi Kappa Sigma will hold a
fireside.
Saturday night, for which Cardi
nals have a closed date, will also
have Alpha Delta Phi and Chi Psi
parties on the slate.
Casa Olivo, Lagunita, and Village
214 have planned parties for Sun
day.
Social activities are being di
verted to Con Home celebrations
this weekend, and only seven closed
parties are on the calendar.
Tomorrow night the Christian
Fellowship has scheduled a party,
and Phi Kappa Sigma will hold a
fireside.
Saturday night, for which Cardi
nals have a closed date, will also
have Alpha Delta Phi and Chi Psi
parties on the slate.
Casa Olivo, Lagunita, and Village
214 have planned parties for Sun
day.
