# Stanford Rates High In Enrollment from Abroad
## 
### 
Stanford is playing a leading role
in training the growing number of
students who have come to the
United States from abroad for their
education.
A foreign student census taken by
the Institute of International Edu
cation shows that Stanford ranks
11th among 1,210 U.S. colleges and
universities in the percentage of
students enrolled from abroad.
Stanford with 2.93 per cent of its
students from foreign countries
ranks behind the leader, Massachu
setts Institute of Technology, with
a foreign student enrollment of 8.23
per cent, and such schools as Har
vard, University of Chicago, Colum
bia, and Cornell.
University of California has the
greatest number of foreign students
— 1,001 — and Stanford ranks 21st
with 240. according to the census
report.
This year's total of foreign stu

dents is an all-time high for Stan
ford arid reflects the national trend
—an increase in students from
abroad from 7,000 to 26.000 within
five years.
Stanford is playing a leading role
in training the growing number of
students who have come to the
United States from abroad for their
education.
A foreign student census taken by
the Institute of International Edu
cation shows that Stanford ranks
11th among 1,210 U.S. colleges and
universities in the percentage of
students enrolled from abroad.
Stanford with 2.93 per cent of its
students from foreign countries
ranks behind the leader, Massachu
setts Institute of Technology, with
a foreign student enrollment of 8.23
per cent, and such schools as Har
vard, University of Chicago, Colum
bia, and Cornell.
University of California has the
greatest number of foreign students
— 1,001 — and Stanford ranks 21st
with 240. according to the census
report.
This year's total of foreign stu

dents is an all-time high for Stan
ford arid reflects the national trend
—an increase in students from
abroad from 7,000 to 26.000 within
five years.
Stanford is playing a leading role
in training the growing number of
students who have come to the
United States from abroad for their
education.
A foreign student census taken by
the Institute of International Edu
cation shows that Stanford ranks
11th among 1,210 U.S. colleges and
universities in the percentage of
students enrolled from abroad.
Stanford with 2.93 per cent of its
students from foreign countries
ranks behind the leader, Massachu
setts Institute of Technology, with
a foreign student enrollment of 8.23
per cent, and such schools as Har
vard, University of Chicago, Colum
bia, and Cornell.
University of California has the
greatest number of foreign students
— 1,001 — and Stanford ranks 21st
with 240. according to the census
report.
This year's total of foreign stu

dents is an all-time high for Stan
ford arid reflects the national trend
—an increase in students from
abroad from 7,000 to 26.000 within
five years.
Stanford is playing a leading role
in training the growing number of
students who have come to the
United States from abroad for their
education.
A foreign student census taken by
the Institute of International Edu
cation shows that Stanford ranks
11th among 1,210 U.S. colleges and
universities in the percentage of
students enrolled from abroad.
Stanford with 2.93 per cent of its
students from foreign countries
ranks behind the leader, Massachu
setts Institute of Technology, with
a foreign student enrollment of 8.23
per cent, and such schools as Har
vard, University of Chicago, Colum
bia, and Cornell.
University of California has the
greatest number of foreign students
— 1,001 — and Stanford ranks 21st
with 240. according to the census
report.
This year's total of foreign stu

dents is an all-time high for Stan
ford arid reflects the national trend
—an increase in students from
abroad from 7,000 to 26.000 within
five years.
Stanford is playing a leading role
in training the growing number of
students who have come to the
United States from abroad for their
education.
A foreign student census taken by
the Institute of International Edu
cation shows that Stanford ranks
11th among 1,210 U.S. colleges and
universities in the percentage of
students enrolled from abroad.
Stanford with 2.93 per cent of its
students from foreign countries
ranks behind the leader, Massachu
setts Institute of Technology, with
a foreign student enrollment of 8.23
per cent, and such schools as Har
vard, University of Chicago, Colum
bia, and Cornell.
University of California has the
greatest number of foreign students
— 1,001 — and Stanford ranks 21st
with 240. according to the census
report.
This year's total of foreign stu

dents is an all-time high for Stan
ford arid reflects the national trend
—an increase in students from
abroad from 7,000 to 26.000 within
five years.
Stanford is playing a leading role
in training the growing number of
students who have come to the
United States from abroad for their
education.
A foreign student census taken by
the Institute of International Edu
cation shows that Stanford ranks
11th among 1,210 U.S. colleges and
universities in the percentage of
students enrolled from abroad.
Stanford with 2.93 per cent of its
students from foreign countries
ranks behind the leader, Massachu
setts Institute of Technology, with
a foreign student enrollment of 8.23
per cent, and such schools as Har
vard, University of Chicago, Colum
bia, and Cornell.
University of California has the
greatest number of foreign students
— 1,001 — and Stanford ranks 21st
with 240. according to the census
report.
This year's total of foreign stu

dents is an all-time high for Stan
ford arid reflects the national trend
—an increase in students from
abroad from 7,000 to 26.000 within
five years.
Stanford is playing a leading role
in training the growing number of
students who have come to the
United States from abroad for their
education.
A foreign student census taken by
the Institute of International Edu
cation shows that Stanford ranks
11th among 1,210 U.S. colleges and
universities in the percentage of
students enrolled from abroad.
Stanford with 2.93 per cent of its
students from foreign countries
ranks behind the leader, Massachu
setts Institute of Technology, with
a foreign student enrollment of 8.23
per cent, and such schools as Har
vard, University of Chicago, Colum
bia, and Cornell.
University of California has the
greatest number of foreign students
— 1,001 — and Stanford ranks 21st
with 240. according to the census
report.
This year's total of foreign stu

dents is an all-time high for Stan
ford arid reflects the national trend
—an increase in students from
abroad from 7,000 to 26.000 within
five years.
Stanford is playing a leading role
in training the growing number of
students who have come to the
United States from abroad for their
education.
A foreign student census taken by
the Institute of International Edu
cation shows that Stanford ranks
11th among 1,210 U.S. colleges and
universities in the percentage of
students enrolled from abroad.
Stanford with 2.93 per cent of its
students from foreign countries
ranks behind the leader, Massachu
setts Institute of Technology, with
a foreign student enrollment of 8.23
per cent, and such schools as Har
vard, University of Chicago, Colum
bia, and Cornell.
University of California has the
greatest number of foreign students
— 1,001 — and Stanford ranks 21st
with 240. according to the census
report.
This year's total of foreign stu

dents is an all-time high for Stan
ford arid reflects the national trend
—an increase in students from
abroad from 7,000 to 26.000 within
five years.
Stanford is playing a leading role
in training the growing number of
students who have come to the
United States from abroad for their
education.
A foreign student census taken by
the Institute of International Edu
cation shows that Stanford ranks
11th among 1,210 U.S. colleges and
universities in the percentage of
students enrolled from abroad.
Stanford with 2.93 per cent of its
students from foreign countries
ranks behind the leader, Massachu
setts Institute of Technology, with
a foreign student enrollment of 8.23
per cent, and such schools as Har
vard, University of Chicago, Colum
bia, and Cornell.
University of California has the
greatest number of foreign students
— 1,001 — and Stanford ranks 21st
with 240. according to the census
report.
This year's total of foreign stu

dents is an all-time high for Stan
ford arid reflects the national trend
—an increase in students from
abroad from 7,000 to 26.000 within
five years.
Stanford is playing a leading role
in training the growing number of
students who have come to the
United States from abroad for their
education.
A foreign student census taken by
the Institute of International Edu
cation shows that Stanford ranks
11th among 1,210 U.S. colleges and
universities in the percentage of
students enrolled from abroad.
Stanford with 2.93 per cent of its
students from foreign countries
ranks behind the leader, Massachu
setts Institute of Technology, with
a foreign student enrollment of 8.23
per cent, and such schools as Har
vard, University of Chicago, Colum
bia, and Cornell.
University of California has the
greatest number of foreign students
— 1,001 — and Stanford ranks 21st
with 240. according to the census
report.
This year's total of foreign stu

dents is an all-time high for Stan
ford arid reflects the national trend
—an increase in students from
abroad from 7,000 to 26.000 within
five years.
Stanford is playing a leading role
in training the growing number of
students who have come to the
United States from abroad for their
education.
A foreign student census taken by
the Institute of International Edu
cation shows that Stanford ranks
11th among 1,210 U.S. colleges and
universities in the percentage of
students enrolled from abroad.
Stanford with 2.93 per cent of its
students from foreign countries
ranks behind the leader, Massachu
setts Institute of Technology, with
a foreign student enrollment of 8.23
per cent, and such schools as Har
vard, University of Chicago, Colum
bia, and Cornell.
University of California has the
greatest number of foreign students
— 1,001 — and Stanford ranks 21st
with 240. according to the census
report.
This year's total of foreign stu

dents is an all-time high for Stan
ford arid reflects the national trend
—an increase in students from
abroad from 7,000 to 26.000 within
five years.
Stanford is playing a leading role
in training the growing number of
students who have come to the
United States from abroad for their
education.
A foreign student census taken by
the Institute of International Edu
cation shows that Stanford ranks
11th among 1,210 U.S. colleges and
universities in the percentage of
students enrolled from abroad.
Stanford with 2.93 per cent of its
students from foreign countries
ranks behind the leader, Massachu
setts Institute of Technology, with
a foreign student enrollment of 8.23
per cent, and such schools as Har
vard, University of Chicago, Colum
bia, and Cornell.
University of California has the
greatest number of foreign students
— 1,001 — and Stanford ranks 21st
with 240. according to the census
report.
This year's total of foreign stu

dents is an all-time high for Stan
ford arid reflects the national trend
—an increase in students from
abroad from 7,000 to 26.000 within
five years.
Stanford is playing a leading role
in training the growing number of
students who have come to the
United States from abroad for their
education.
A foreign student census taken by
the Institute of International Edu
cation shows that Stanford ranks
11th among 1,210 U.S. colleges and
universities in the percentage of
students enrolled from abroad.
Stanford with 2.93 per cent of its
students from foreign countries
ranks behind the leader, Massachu
setts Institute of Technology, with
a foreign student enrollment of 8.23
per cent, and such schools as Har
vard, University of Chicago, Colum
bia, and Cornell.
University of California has the
greatest number of foreign students
— 1,001 — and Stanford ranks 21st
with 240. according to the census
report.
This year's total of foreign stu

dents is an all-time high for Stan
ford arid reflects the national trend
—an increase in students from
abroad from 7,000 to 26.000 within
five years.
Stanford is playing a leading role
in training the growing number of
students who have come to the
United States from abroad for their
education.
A foreign student census taken by
the Institute of International Edu
cation shows that Stanford ranks
11th among 1,210 U.S. colleges and
universities in the percentage of
students enrolled from abroad.
Stanford with 2.93 per cent of its
students from foreign countries
ranks behind the leader, Massachu
setts Institute of Technology, with
a foreign student enrollment of 8.23
per cent, and such schools as Har
vard, University of Chicago, Colum
bia, and Cornell.
University of California has the
greatest number of foreign students
— 1,001 — and Stanford ranks 21st
with 240. according to the census
report.
This year's total of foreign stu

dents is an all-time high for Stan
ford arid reflects the national trend
—an increase in students from
abroad from 7,000 to 26.000 within
five years.
