# Shell President to Speak
## 
### 
Dr. Monroe E. Spaght, '29, presi
dent of the Shell Development Co.,
will speak today at 4:15 p.m. in
Room 20 of the Chemistry Build
ing. His topic will be "The Place
of Industrial Research in the Amer
ican Economy."
Dr. Monroe E. Spaght, '29, presi
dent of the Shell Development Co.,
will speak today at 4:15 p.m. in
Room 20 of the Chemistry Build
ing. His topic will be "The Place
of Industrial Research in the Amer
ican Economy."
Dr. Monroe E. Spaght, '29, presi
dent of the Shell Development Co.,
will speak today at 4:15 p.m. in
Room 20 of the Chemistry Build
ing. His topic will be "The Place
of Industrial Research in the Amer
ican Economy."
Dr. Monroe E. Spaght, '29, presi
dent of the Shell Development Co.,
will speak today at 4:15 p.m. in
Room 20 of the Chemistry Build
ing. His topic will be "The Place
of Industrial Research in the Amer
ican Economy."
Dr. Monroe E. Spaght, '29, presi
dent of the Shell Development Co.,
will speak today at 4:15 p.m. in
Room 20 of the Chemistry Build
ing. His topic will be "The Place
of Industrial Research in the Amer
ican Economy."
Dr. Monroe E. Spaght, '29, presi
dent of the Shell Development Co.,
will speak today at 4:15 p.m. in
Room 20 of the Chemistry Build
ing. His topic will be "The Place
of Industrial Research in the Amer
ican Economy."
Dr. Monroe E. Spaght, '29, presi
dent of the Shell Development Co.,
will speak today at 4:15 p.m. in
Room 20 of the Chemistry Build
ing. His topic will be "The Place
of Industrial Research in the Amer
ican Economy."
Dr. Monroe E. Spaght, '29, presi
dent of the Shell Development Co.,
will speak today at 4:15 p.m. in
Room 20 of the Chemistry Build
ing. His topic will be "The Place
of Industrial Research in the Amer
ican Economy."
Dr. Monroe E. Spaght, '29, presi
dent of the Shell Development Co.,
will speak today at 4:15 p.m. in
Room 20 of the Chemistry Build
ing. His topic will be "The Place
of Industrial Research in the Amer
ican Economy."
Dr. Monroe E. Spaght, '29, presi
dent of the Shell Development Co.,
will speak today at 4:15 p.m. in
Room 20 of the Chemistry Build
ing. His topic will be "The Place
of Industrial Research in the Amer
ican Economy."
Dr. Monroe E. Spaght, '29, presi
dent of the Shell Development Co.,
will speak today at 4:15 p.m. in
Room 20 of the Chemistry Build
ing. His topic will be "The Place
of Industrial Research in the Amer
ican Economy."
Dr. Monroe E. Spaght, '29, presi
dent of the Shell Development Co.,
will speak today at 4:15 p.m. in
Room 20 of the Chemistry Build
ing. His topic will be "The Place
of Industrial Research in the Amer
ican Economy."
Dr. Monroe E. Spaght, '29, presi
dent of the Shell Development Co.,
will speak today at 4:15 p.m. in
Room 20 of the Chemistry Build
ing. His topic will be "The Place
of Industrial Research in the Amer
ican Economy."
Dr. Monroe E. Spaght, '29, presi
dent of the Shell Development Co.,
will speak today at 4:15 p.m. in
Room 20 of the Chemistry Build
ing. His topic will be "The Place
of Industrial Research in the Amer
ican Economy."
