# CHANGE OF LECTURE DATES
## 
### 
The second of the series of three
lectures being given by Professor D.
11. Campbell, of the Hotany Depart
ment, on "Plant Distribution" will
not. be delivered in accordance with
the previously announced order. The
next address will be given on Thurs
day, December 4.
The second of the series of three
lectures being given by Professor D.
11. Campbell, of the Hotany Depart
ment, on "Plant Distribution" will
not. be delivered in accordance with
the previously announced order. The
next address will be given on Thurs
day, December 4.
The second of the series of three
lectures being given by Professor D.
11. Campbell, of the Hotany Depart
ment, on "Plant Distribution" will
not. be delivered in accordance with
the previously announced order. The
next address will be given on Thurs
day, December 4.
The second of the series of three
lectures being given by Professor D.
11. Campbell, of the Hotany Depart
ment, on "Plant Distribution" will
not. be delivered in accordance with
the previously announced order. The
next address will be given on Thurs
day, December 4.
The second of the series of three
lectures being given by Professor D.
11. Campbell, of the Hotany Depart
ment, on "Plant Distribution" will
not. be delivered in accordance with
the previously announced order. The
next address will be given on Thurs
day, December 4.
The second of the series of three
lectures being given by Professor D.
11. Campbell, of the Hotany Depart
ment, on "Plant Distribution" will
not. be delivered in accordance with
the previously announced order. The
next address will be given on Thurs
day, December 4.
The second of the series of three
lectures being given by Professor D.
11. Campbell, of the Hotany Depart
ment, on "Plant Distribution" will
not. be delivered in accordance with
the previously announced order. The
next address will be given on Thurs
day, December 4.
The second of the series of three
lectures being given by Professor D.
11. Campbell, of the Hotany Depart
ment, on "Plant Distribution" will
not. be delivered in accordance with
the previously announced order. The
next address will be given on Thurs
day, December 4.
The second of the series of three
lectures being given by Professor D.
11. Campbell, of the Hotany Depart
ment, on "Plant Distribution" will
not. be delivered in accordance with
the previously announced order. The
next address will be given on Thurs
day, December 4.
The second of the series of three
lectures being given by Professor D.
11. Campbell, of the Hotany Depart
ment, on "Plant Distribution" will
not. be delivered in accordance with
the previously announced order. The
next address will be given on Thurs
day, December 4.
The second of the series of three
lectures being given by Professor D.
11. Campbell, of the Hotany Depart
ment, on "Plant Distribution" will
not. be delivered in accordance with
the previously announced order. The
next address will be given on Thurs
day, December 4.
The second of the series of three
lectures being given by Professor D.
11. Campbell, of the Hotany Depart
ment, on "Plant Distribution" will
not. be delivered in accordance with
the previously announced order. The
next address will be given on Thurs
day, December 4.
The second of the series of three
lectures being given by Professor D.
11. Campbell, of the Hotany Depart
ment, on "Plant Distribution" will
not. be delivered in accordance with
the previously announced order. The
next address will be given on Thurs
day, December 4.
The second of the series of three
lectures being given by Professor D.
11. Campbell, of the Hotany Depart
ment, on "Plant Distribution" will
not. be delivered in accordance with
the previously announced order. The
next address will be given on Thurs
day, December 4.
