# Football Games on Saturday.
## 
### 
Phi Delta Theta will play Beta
Theta Pi football on Saturday
morning, and Kappa Sigma will
meet Sigma Nu on the same day.
Phi Delta Theta will play Beta
Theta Pi football on Saturday
morning, and Kappa Sigma will
meet Sigma Nu on the same day.
Phi Delta Theta will play Beta
Theta Pi football on Saturday
morning, and Kappa Sigma will
meet Sigma Nu on the same day.
Phi Delta Theta will play Beta
Theta Pi football on Saturday
morning, and Kappa Sigma will
meet Sigma Nu on the same day.
Phi Delta Theta will play Beta
Theta Pi football on Saturday
morning, and Kappa Sigma will
meet Sigma Nu on the same day.
Phi Delta Theta will play Beta
Theta Pi football on Saturday
morning, and Kappa Sigma will
meet Sigma Nu on the same day.
Phi Delta Theta will play Beta
Theta Pi football on Saturday
morning, and Kappa Sigma will
meet Sigma Nu on the same day.
Phi Delta Theta will play Beta
Theta Pi football on Saturday
morning, and Kappa Sigma will
meet Sigma Nu on the same day.
Phi Delta Theta will play Beta
Theta Pi football on Saturday
morning, and Kappa Sigma will
meet Sigma Nu on the same day.
