# Adv. 30 Page 6
## 
### 
MARRIAGE
Tigre Club announces the
riage of Leroy M. Vernon,
MARRIAGE
Tigre Club announces the
riage of Leroy M. Vernon,
MARRIAGE
Tigre Club announces the
riage of Leroy M. Vernon,
MARRIAGE
Tigre Club announces the
riage of Leroy M. Vernon,
MARRIAGE
Tigre Club announces the
riage of Leroy M. Vernon,
MARRIAGE
Tigre Club announces the
riage of Leroy M. Vernon,
MARRIAGE
Tigre Club announces the
riage of Leroy M. Vernon,
MARRIAGE
Tigre Club announces the
riage of Leroy M. Vernon,
MARRIAGE
Tigre Club announces the
riage of Leroy M. Vernon,
MARRIAGE
Tigre Club announces the
riage of Leroy M. Vernon,
MARRIAGE
Tigre Club announces the
riage of Leroy M. Vernon,
MARRIAGE
Tigre Club announces the
riage of Leroy M. Vernon,
MARRIAGE
Tigre Club announces the
riage of Leroy M. Vernon,
MARRIAGE
Tigre Club announces the
riage of Leroy M. Vernon,
MARRIAGE
Tigre Club announces the
riage of Leroy M. Vernon,
MARRIAGE
Tigre Club announces the
riage of Leroy M. Vernon,
MARRIAGE
Tigre Club announces the
riage of Leroy M. Vernon,
