# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
r %
■
■
■
■
■
Gorblimey! Would
you look at what the
Clark people, those
dcucedly clever Eng
lish bootmakers, have
done now! They’ve
now produced their
famous Desert Boots
in black, mind you.
The same luxurious
comfort, same pebble
repelling high tops,
cushioned rubber
soles. But now in
black, as well as the
customary sand color,
both with the brushed
finish that never needs
polishing. You could
hardly find a more
suitable campus shoe
—at R/A a mere 12.95
*
RQQS/ATKINS
r %
■
■
■
■
■
Gorblimey! Would
you look at what the
Clark people, those
dcucedly clever Eng
lish bootmakers, have
done now! They’ve
now produced their
famous Desert Boots
in black, mind you.
The same luxurious
comfort, same pebble
repelling high tops,
cushioned rubber
soles. But now in
black, as well as the
customary sand color,
both with the brushed
finish that never needs
polishing. You could
hardly find a more
suitable campus shoe
—at R/A a mere 12.95
*
RQQS/ATKINS
r %
■
■
■
■
■
Gorblimey! Would
you look at what the
Clark people, those
dcucedly clever Eng
lish bootmakers, have
done now! They’ve
now produced their
famous Desert Boots
in black, mind you.
The same luxurious
comfort, same pebble
repelling high tops,
cushioned rubber
soles. But now in
black, as well as the
customary sand color,
both with the brushed
finish that never needs
polishing. You could
hardly find a more
suitable campus shoe
—at R/A a mere 12.95
*
RQQS/ATKINS
r %
■
■
■
■
■
Gorblimey! Would
you look at what the
Clark people, those
dcucedly clever Eng
lish bootmakers, have
done now! They’ve
now produced their
famous Desert Boots
in black, mind you.
The same luxurious
comfort, same pebble
repelling high tops,
cushioned rubber
soles. But now in
black, as well as the
customary sand color,
both with the brushed
finish that never needs
polishing. You could
hardly find a more
suitable campus shoe
—at R/A a mere 12.95
*
RQQS/ATKINS
r %
■
■
■
■
■
Gorblimey! Would
you look at what the
Clark people, those
dcucedly clever Eng
lish bootmakers, have
done now! They’ve
now produced their
famous Desert Boots
in black, mind you.
The same luxurious
comfort, same pebble
repelling high tops,
cushioned rubber
soles. But now in
black, as well as the
customary sand color,
both with the brushed
finish that never needs
polishing. You could
hardly find a more
suitable campus shoe
—at R/A a mere 12.95
*
RQQS/ATKINS
r %
■
■
■
■
■
Gorblimey! Would
you look at what the
Clark people, those
dcucedly clever Eng
lish bootmakers, have
done now! They’ve
now produced their
famous Desert Boots
in black, mind you.
The same luxurious
comfort, same pebble
repelling high tops,
cushioned rubber
soles. But now in
black, as well as the
customary sand color,
both with the brushed
finish that never needs
polishing. You could
hardly find a more
suitable campus shoe
—at R/A a mere 12.95
*
RQQS/ATKINS
r %
■
■
■
■
■
Gorblimey! Would
you look at what the
Clark people, those
dcucedly clever Eng
lish bootmakers, have
done now! They’ve
now produced their
famous Desert Boots
in black, mind you.
The same luxurious
comfort, same pebble
repelling high tops,
cushioned rubber
soles. But now in
black, as well as the
customary sand color,
both with the brushed
finish that never needs
polishing. You could
hardly find a more
suitable campus shoe
—at R/A a mere 12.95
*
RQQS/ATKINS
r %
■
■
■
■
■
Gorblimey! Would
you look at what the
Clark people, those
dcucedly clever Eng
lish bootmakers, have
done now! They’ve
now produced their
famous Desert Boots
in black, mind you.
The same luxurious
comfort, same pebble
repelling high tops,
cushioned rubber
soles. But now in
black, as well as the
customary sand color,
both with the brushed
finish that never needs
polishing. You could
hardly find a more
suitable campus shoe
—at R/A a mere 12.95
*
RQQS/ATKINS
r %
■
■
■
■
■
Gorblimey! Would
you look at what the
Clark people, those
dcucedly clever Eng
lish bootmakers, have
done now! They’ve
now produced their
famous Desert Boots
in black, mind you.
The same luxurious
comfort, same pebble
repelling high tops,
cushioned rubber
soles. But now in
black, as well as the
customary sand color,
both with the brushed
finish that never needs
polishing. You could
hardly find a more
suitable campus shoe
—at R/A a mere 12.95
*
RQQS/ATKINS
r %
■
■
■
■
■
Gorblimey! Would
you look at what the
Clark people, those
dcucedly clever Eng
lish bootmakers, have
done now! They’ve
now produced their
famous Desert Boots
in black, mind you.
The same luxurious
comfort, same pebble
repelling high tops,
cushioned rubber
soles. But now in
black, as well as the
customary sand color,
both with the brushed
finish that never needs
polishing. You could
hardly find a more
suitable campus shoe
—at R/A a mere 12.95
*
RQQS/ATKINS
r %
■
■
■
■
■
Gorblimey! Would
you look at what the
Clark people, those
dcucedly clever Eng
lish bootmakers, have
done now! They’ve
now produced their
famous Desert Boots
in black, mind you.
The same luxurious
comfort, same pebble
repelling high tops,
cushioned rubber
soles. But now in
black, as well as the
customary sand color,
both with the brushed
finish that never needs
polishing. You could
hardly find a more
suitable campus shoe
—at R/A a mere 12.95
*
RQQS/ATKINS
r %
■
■
■
■
■
Gorblimey! Would
you look at what the
Clark people, those
dcucedly clever Eng
lish bootmakers, have
done now! They’ve
now produced their
famous Desert Boots
in black, mind you.
The same luxurious
comfort, same pebble
repelling high tops,
cushioned rubber
soles. But now in
black, as well as the
customary sand color,
both with the brushed
finish that never needs
polishing. You could
hardly find a more
suitable campus shoe
—at R/A a mere 12.95
*
RQQS/ATKINS
r %
■
■
■
■
■
Gorblimey! Would
you look at what the
Clark people, those
dcucedly clever Eng
lish bootmakers, have
done now! They’ve
now produced their
famous Desert Boots
in black, mind you.
The same luxurious
comfort, same pebble
repelling high tops,
cushioned rubber
soles. But now in
black, as well as the
customary sand color,
both with the brushed
finish that never needs
polishing. You could
hardly find a more
suitable campus shoe
—at R/A a mere 12.95
*
RQQS/ATKINS
r %
■
■
■
■
■
Gorblimey! Would
you look at what the
Clark people, those
dcucedly clever Eng
lish bootmakers, have
done now! They’ve
now produced their
famous Desert Boots
in black, mind you.
The same luxurious
comfort, same pebble
repelling high tops,
cushioned rubber
soles. But now in
black, as well as the
customary sand color,
both with the brushed
finish that never needs
polishing. You could
hardly find a more
suitable campus shoe
—at R/A a mere 12.95
*
RQQS/ATKINS
r %
■
■
■
■
■
Gorblimey! Would
you look at what the
Clark people, those
dcucedly clever Eng
lish bootmakers, have
done now! They’ve
now produced their
famous Desert Boots
in black, mind you.
The same luxurious
comfort, same pebble
repelling high tops,
cushioned rubber
soles. But now in
black, as well as the
customary sand color,
both with the brushed
finish that never needs
polishing. You could
hardly find a more
suitable campus shoe
—at R/A a mere 12.95
*
RQQS/ATKINS
r %
■
■
■
■
■
Gorblimey! Would
you look at what the
Clark people, those
dcucedly clever Eng
lish bootmakers, have
done now! They’ve
now produced their
famous Desert Boots
in black, mind you.
The same luxurious
comfort, same pebble
repelling high tops,
cushioned rubber
soles. But now in
black, as well as the
customary sand color,
both with the brushed
finish that never needs
polishing. You could
hardly find a more
suitable campus shoe
—at R/A a mere 12.95
*
RQQS/ATKINS
r %
■
■
■
■
■
Gorblimey! Would
you look at what the
Clark people, those
dcucedly clever Eng
lish bootmakers, have
done now! They’ve
now produced their
famous Desert Boots
in black, mind you.
The same luxurious
comfort, same pebble
repelling high tops,
cushioned rubber
soles. But now in
black, as well as the
customary sand color,
both with the brushed
finish that never needs
polishing. You could
hardly find a more
suitable campus shoe
—at R/A a mere 12.95
*
RQQS/ATKINS
