# Tomorrow Last Day Daily Publishes
## 
### 
Tomorrow will Im* the last
day of publication of Tin*
Daily for Ibis quarter. Any
notices concerning events
through (he rest of the quar
ter must lx* a( the Daily
Shack by 3 p.m. today.
Tomorrow will Im* the last
day of publication of Tin*
Daily for Ibis quarter. Any
notices concerning events
through (he rest of the quar
ter must lx* a( the Daily
Shack by 3 p.m. today.
Tomorrow will Im* the last
day of publication of Tin*
Daily for Ibis quarter. Any
notices concerning events
through (he rest of the quar
ter must lx* a( the Daily
Shack by 3 p.m. today.
Tomorrow will Im* the last
day of publication of Tin*
Daily for Ibis quarter. Any
notices concerning events
through (he rest of the quar
ter must lx* a( the Daily
Shack by 3 p.m. today.
Tomorrow will Im* the last
day of publication of Tin*
Daily for Ibis quarter. Any
notices concerning events
through (he rest of the quar
ter must lx* a( the Daily
Shack by 3 p.m. today.
Tomorrow will Im* the last
day of publication of Tin*
Daily for Ibis quarter. Any
notices concerning events
through (he rest of the quar
ter must lx* a( the Daily
Shack by 3 p.m. today.
Tomorrow will Im* the last
day of publication of Tin*
Daily for Ibis quarter. Any
notices concerning events
through (he rest of the quar
ter must lx* a( the Daily
Shack by 3 p.m. today.
Tomorrow will Im* the last
day of publication of Tin*
Daily for Ibis quarter. Any
notices concerning events
through (he rest of the quar
ter must lx* a( the Daily
Shack by 3 p.m. today.
Tomorrow will Im* the last
day of publication of Tin*
Daily for Ibis quarter. Any
notices concerning events
through (he rest of the quar
ter must lx* a( the Daily
Shack by 3 p.m. today.
Tomorrow will Im* the last
day of publication of Tin*
Daily for Ibis quarter. Any
notices concerning events
through (he rest of the quar
ter must lx* a( the Daily
Shack by 3 p.m. today.
Tomorrow will Im* the last
day of publication of Tin*
Daily for Ibis quarter. Any
notices concerning events
through (he rest of the quar
ter must lx* a( the Daily
Shack by 3 p.m. today.
Tomorrow will Im* the last
day of publication of Tin*
Daily for Ibis quarter. Any
notices concerning events
through (he rest of the quar
ter must lx* a( the Daily
Shack by 3 p.m. today.
Tomorrow will Im* the last
day of publication of Tin*
Daily for Ibis quarter. Any
notices concerning events
through (he rest of the quar
ter must lx* a( the Daily
Shack by 3 p.m. today.
Tomorrow will Im* the last
day of publication of Tin*
Daily for Ibis quarter. Any
notices concerning events
through (he rest of the quar
ter must lx* a( the Daily
Shack by 3 p.m. today.
Tomorrow will Im* the last
day of publication of Tin*
Daily for Ibis quarter. Any
notices concerning events
through (he rest of the quar
ter must lx* a( the Daily
Shack by 3 p.m. today.
Tomorrow will Im* the last
day of publication of Tin*
Daily for Ibis quarter. Any
notices concerning events
through (he rest of the quar
ter must lx* a( the Daily
Shack by 3 p.m. today.
Tomorrow will Im* the last
day of publication of Tin*
Daily for Ibis quarter. Any
notices concerning events
through (he rest of the quar
ter must lx* a( the Daily
Shack by 3 p.m. today.
