# PACE Film on Stanford Will Be Shown Tonight
## 
### 
“Edge of Greatness,” the Stan
ford color film showing the Uni
versity in action on four cam
puses, will be presented to stu
dents, faculty and staff in Me
morial Auditorium today at 4:30
p.m.

More than a year in prepara
tion, the movie was made particu
larly for use in the PACE Pro
gram. During October and No
vember it has been shown to
Stanford alumni groups at a
series of regional dinners across
the country. Copies of the film
have been constantly in transit.
Students predominate in cam
pus scenes both here and in Eu
rope. President Sterling and
other familiar figures of the fac
ulty are seen in the work they do.
The picture runs about 50 min
utes. Admission for this showing
is free.
“Edge of Greatness,” the Stan
ford color film showing the Uni
versity in action on four cam
puses, will be presented to stu
dents, faculty and staff in Me
morial Auditorium today at 4:30
p.m.

More than a year in prepara
tion, the movie was made particu
larly for use in the PACE Pro
gram. During October and No
vember it has been shown to
Stanford alumni groups at a
series of regional dinners across
the country. Copies of the film
have been constantly in transit.
Students predominate in cam
pus scenes both here and in Eu
rope. President Sterling and
other familiar figures of the fac
ulty are seen in the work they do.
The picture runs about 50 min
utes. Admission for this showing
is free.
“Edge of Greatness,” the Stan
ford color film showing the Uni
versity in action on four cam
puses, will be presented to stu
dents, faculty and staff in Me
morial Auditorium today at 4:30
p.m.

More than a year in prepara
tion, the movie was made particu
larly for use in the PACE Pro
gram. During October and No
vember it has been shown to
Stanford alumni groups at a
series of regional dinners across
the country. Copies of the film
have been constantly in transit.
Students predominate in cam
pus scenes both here and in Eu
rope. President Sterling and
other familiar figures of the fac
ulty are seen in the work they do.
The picture runs about 50 min
utes. Admission for this showing
is free.
“Edge of Greatness,” the Stan
ford color film showing the Uni
versity in action on four cam
puses, will be presented to stu
dents, faculty and staff in Me
morial Auditorium today at 4:30
p.m.

More than a year in prepara
tion, the movie was made particu
larly for use in the PACE Pro
gram. During October and No
vember it has been shown to
Stanford alumni groups at a
series of regional dinners across
the country. Copies of the film
have been constantly in transit.
Students predominate in cam
pus scenes both here and in Eu
rope. President Sterling and
other familiar figures of the fac
ulty are seen in the work they do.
The picture runs about 50 min
utes. Admission for this showing
is free.
“Edge of Greatness,” the Stan
ford color film showing the Uni
versity in action on four cam
puses, will be presented to stu
dents, faculty and staff in Me
morial Auditorium today at 4:30
p.m.

More than a year in prepara
tion, the movie was made particu
larly for use in the PACE Pro
gram. During October and No
vember it has been shown to
Stanford alumni groups at a
series of regional dinners across
the country. Copies of the film
have been constantly in transit.
Students predominate in cam
pus scenes both here and in Eu
rope. President Sterling and
other familiar figures of the fac
ulty are seen in the work they do.
The picture runs about 50 min
utes. Admission for this showing
is free.
“Edge of Greatness,” the Stan
ford color film showing the Uni
versity in action on four cam
puses, will be presented to stu
dents, faculty and staff in Me
morial Auditorium today at 4:30
p.m.

More than a year in prepara
tion, the movie was made particu
larly for use in the PACE Pro
gram. During October and No
vember it has been shown to
Stanford alumni groups at a
series of regional dinners across
the country. Copies of the film
have been constantly in transit.
Students predominate in cam
pus scenes both here and in Eu
rope. President Sterling and
other familiar figures of the fac
ulty are seen in the work they do.
The picture runs about 50 min
utes. Admission for this showing
is free.
“Edge of Greatness,” the Stan
ford color film showing the Uni
versity in action on four cam
puses, will be presented to stu
dents, faculty and staff in Me
morial Auditorium today at 4:30
p.m.

More than a year in prepara
tion, the movie was made particu
larly for use in the PACE Pro
gram. During October and No
vember it has been shown to
Stanford alumni groups at a
series of regional dinners across
the country. Copies of the film
have been constantly in transit.
Students predominate in cam
pus scenes both here and in Eu
rope. President Sterling and
other familiar figures of the fac
ulty are seen in the work they do.
The picture runs about 50 min
utes. Admission for this showing
is free.
“Edge of Greatness,” the Stan
ford color film showing the Uni
versity in action on four cam
puses, will be presented to stu
dents, faculty and staff in Me
morial Auditorium today at 4:30
p.m.

More than a year in prepara
tion, the movie was made particu
larly for use in the PACE Pro
gram. During October and No
vember it has been shown to
Stanford alumni groups at a
series of regional dinners across
the country. Copies of the film
have been constantly in transit.
Students predominate in cam
pus scenes both here and in Eu
rope. President Sterling and
other familiar figures of the fac
ulty are seen in the work they do.
The picture runs about 50 min
utes. Admission for this showing
is free.
“Edge of Greatness,” the Stan
ford color film showing the Uni
versity in action on four cam
puses, will be presented to stu
dents, faculty and staff in Me
morial Auditorium today at 4:30
p.m.

More than a year in prepara
tion, the movie was made particu
larly for use in the PACE Pro
gram. During October and No
vember it has been shown to
Stanford alumni groups at a
series of regional dinners across
the country. Copies of the film
have been constantly in transit.
Students predominate in cam
pus scenes both here and in Eu
rope. President Sterling and
other familiar figures of the fac
ulty are seen in the work they do.
The picture runs about 50 min
utes. Admission for this showing
is free.
“Edge of Greatness,” the Stan
ford color film showing the Uni
versity in action on four cam
puses, will be presented to stu
dents, faculty and staff in Me
morial Auditorium today at 4:30
p.m.

More than a year in prepara
tion, the movie was made particu
larly for use in the PACE Pro
gram. During October and No
vember it has been shown to
Stanford alumni groups at a
series of regional dinners across
the country. Copies of the film
have been constantly in transit.
Students predominate in cam
pus scenes both here and in Eu
rope. President Sterling and
other familiar figures of the fac
ulty are seen in the work they do.
The picture runs about 50 min
utes. Admission for this showing
is free.
“Edge of Greatness,” the Stan
ford color film showing the Uni
versity in action on four cam
puses, will be presented to stu
dents, faculty and staff in Me
morial Auditorium today at 4:30
p.m.

More than a year in prepara
tion, the movie was made particu
larly for use in the PACE Pro
gram. During October and No
vember it has been shown to
Stanford alumni groups at a
series of regional dinners across
the country. Copies of the film
have been constantly in transit.
Students predominate in cam
pus scenes both here and in Eu
rope. President Sterling and
other familiar figures of the fac
ulty are seen in the work they do.
The picture runs about 50 min
utes. Admission for this showing
is free.
“Edge of Greatness,” the Stan
ford color film showing the Uni
versity in action on four cam
puses, will be presented to stu
dents, faculty and staff in Me
morial Auditorium today at 4:30
p.m.

More than a year in prepara
tion, the movie was made particu
larly for use in the PACE Pro
gram. During October and No
vember it has been shown to
Stanford alumni groups at a
series of regional dinners across
the country. Copies of the film
have been constantly in transit.
Students predominate in cam
pus scenes both here and in Eu
rope. President Sterling and
other familiar figures of the fac
ulty are seen in the work they do.
The picture runs about 50 min
utes. Admission for this showing
is free.
“Edge of Greatness,” the Stan
ford color film showing the Uni
versity in action on four cam
puses, will be presented to stu
dents, faculty and staff in Me
morial Auditorium today at 4:30
p.m.

More than a year in prepara
tion, the movie was made particu
larly for use in the PACE Pro
gram. During October and No
vember it has been shown to
Stanford alumni groups at a
series of regional dinners across
the country. Copies of the film
have been constantly in transit.
Students predominate in cam
pus scenes both here and in Eu
rope. President Sterling and
other familiar figures of the fac
ulty are seen in the work they do.
The picture runs about 50 min
utes. Admission for this showing
is free.
“Edge of Greatness,” the Stan
ford color film showing the Uni
versity in action on four cam
puses, will be presented to stu
dents, faculty and staff in Me
morial Auditorium today at 4:30
p.m.

More than a year in prepara
tion, the movie was made particu
larly for use in the PACE Pro
gram. During October and No
vember it has been shown to
Stanford alumni groups at a
series of regional dinners across
the country. Copies of the film
have been constantly in transit.
Students predominate in cam
pus scenes both here and in Eu
rope. President Sterling and
other familiar figures of the fac
ulty are seen in the work they do.
The picture runs about 50 min
utes. Admission for this showing
is free.
“Edge of Greatness,” the Stan
ford color film showing the Uni
versity in action on four cam
puses, will be presented to stu
dents, faculty and staff in Me
morial Auditorium today at 4:30
p.m.

More than a year in prepara
tion, the movie was made particu
larly for use in the PACE Pro
gram. During October and No
vember it has been shown to
Stanford alumni groups at a
series of regional dinners across
the country. Copies of the film
have been constantly in transit.
Students predominate in cam
pus scenes both here and in Eu
rope. President Sterling and
other familiar figures of the fac
ulty are seen in the work they do.
The picture runs about 50 min
utes. Admission for this showing
is free.
“Edge of Greatness,” the Stan
ford color film showing the Uni
versity in action on four cam
puses, will be presented to stu
dents, faculty and staff in Me
morial Auditorium today at 4:30
p.m.

More than a year in prepara
tion, the movie was made particu
larly for use in the PACE Pro
gram. During October and No
vember it has been shown to
Stanford alumni groups at a
series of regional dinners across
the country. Copies of the film
have been constantly in transit.
Students predominate in cam
pus scenes both here and in Eu
rope. President Sterling and
other familiar figures of the fac
ulty are seen in the work they do.
The picture runs about 50 min
utes. Admission for this showing
is free.
“Edge of Greatness,” the Stan
ford color film showing the Uni
versity in action on four cam
puses, will be presented to stu
dents, faculty and staff in Me
morial Auditorium today at 4:30
p.m.

More than a year in prepara
tion, the movie was made particu
larly for use in the PACE Pro
gram. During October and No
vember it has been shown to
Stanford alumni groups at a
series of regional dinners across
the country. Copies of the film
have been constantly in transit.
Students predominate in cam
pus scenes both here and in Eu
rope. President Sterling and
other familiar figures of the fac
ulty are seen in the work they do.
The picture runs about 50 min
utes. Admission for this showing
is free.
