# 3 Profs on Harvard Staff Next Summer
## 
### 
Three Stanford professors have
been appointed to Harvard Uni
versity summer school faculty for
1956.
Dr. VVhitaker, professor of Eng
lish, will teaeh a course in Shake
speare and a seminar in Eliza
bethan poetry.
Professor Keesing, head of the
Department of Sociology and An
thropology, will teach a course in
cultural change in the field of
social relations and one in cul
tural anthropology.
Professor Schmidt, director of
the University Choir and Chorus,
will teach comparative studies in
music literature.
Three Stanford professors have
been appointed to Harvard Uni
versity summer school faculty for
1956.
Dr. VVhitaker, professor of Eng
lish, will teaeh a course in Shake
speare and a seminar in Eliza
bethan poetry.
Professor Keesing, head of the
Department of Sociology and An
thropology, will teach a course in
cultural change in the field of
social relations and one in cul
tural anthropology.
Professor Schmidt, director of
the University Choir and Chorus,
will teach comparative studies in
music literature.
Three Stanford professors have
been appointed to Harvard Uni
versity summer school faculty for
1956.
Dr. VVhitaker, professor of Eng
lish, will teaeh a course in Shake
speare and a seminar in Eliza
bethan poetry.
Professor Keesing, head of the
Department of Sociology and An
thropology, will teach a course in
cultural change in the field of
social relations and one in cul
tural anthropology.
Professor Schmidt, director of
the University Choir and Chorus,
will teach comparative studies in
music literature.
Three Stanford professors have
been appointed to Harvard Uni
versity summer school faculty for
1956.
Dr. VVhitaker, professor of Eng
lish, will teaeh a course in Shake
speare and a seminar in Eliza
bethan poetry.
Professor Keesing, head of the
Department of Sociology and An
thropology, will teach a course in
cultural change in the field of
social relations and one in cul
tural anthropology.
Professor Schmidt, director of
the University Choir and Chorus,
will teach comparative studies in
music literature.
Three Stanford professors have
been appointed to Harvard Uni
versity summer school faculty for
1956.
Dr. VVhitaker, professor of Eng
lish, will teaeh a course in Shake
speare and a seminar in Eliza
bethan poetry.
Professor Keesing, head of the
Department of Sociology and An
thropology, will teach a course in
cultural change in the field of
social relations and one in cul
tural anthropology.
Professor Schmidt, director of
the University Choir and Chorus,
will teach comparative studies in
music literature.
Three Stanford professors have
been appointed to Harvard Uni
versity summer school faculty for
1956.
Dr. VVhitaker, professor of Eng
lish, will teaeh a course in Shake
speare and a seminar in Eliza
bethan poetry.
Professor Keesing, head of the
Department of Sociology and An
thropology, will teach a course in
cultural change in the field of
social relations and one in cul
tural anthropology.
Professor Schmidt, director of
the University Choir and Chorus,
will teach comparative studies in
music literature.
Three Stanford professors have
been appointed to Harvard Uni
versity summer school faculty for
1956.
Dr. VVhitaker, professor of Eng
lish, will teaeh a course in Shake
speare and a seminar in Eliza
bethan poetry.
Professor Keesing, head of the
Department of Sociology and An
thropology, will teach a course in
cultural change in the field of
social relations and one in cul
tural anthropology.
Professor Schmidt, director of
the University Choir and Chorus,
will teach comparative studies in
music literature.
Three Stanford professors have
been appointed to Harvard Uni
versity summer school faculty for
1956.
Dr. VVhitaker, professor of Eng
lish, will teaeh a course in Shake
speare and a seminar in Eliza
bethan poetry.
Professor Keesing, head of the
Department of Sociology and An
thropology, will teach a course in
cultural change in the field of
social relations and one in cul
tural anthropology.
Professor Schmidt, director of
the University Choir and Chorus,
will teach comparative studies in
music literature.
Three Stanford professors have
been appointed to Harvard Uni
versity summer school faculty for
1956.
Dr. VVhitaker, professor of Eng
lish, will teaeh a course in Shake
speare and a seminar in Eliza
bethan poetry.
Professor Keesing, head of the
Department of Sociology and An
thropology, will teach a course in
cultural change in the field of
social relations and one in cul
tural anthropology.
Professor Schmidt, director of
the University Choir and Chorus,
will teach comparative studies in
music literature.
Three Stanford professors have
been appointed to Harvard Uni
versity summer school faculty for
1956.
Dr. VVhitaker, professor of Eng
lish, will teaeh a course in Shake
speare and a seminar in Eliza
bethan poetry.
Professor Keesing, head of the
Department of Sociology and An
thropology, will teach a course in
cultural change in the field of
social relations and one in cul
tural anthropology.
Professor Schmidt, director of
the University Choir and Chorus,
will teach comparative studies in
music literature.
Three Stanford professors have
been appointed to Harvard Uni
versity summer school faculty for
1956.
Dr. VVhitaker, professor of Eng
lish, will teaeh a course in Shake
speare and a seminar in Eliza
bethan poetry.
Professor Keesing, head of the
Department of Sociology and An
thropology, will teach a course in
cultural change in the field of
social relations and one in cul
tural anthropology.
Professor Schmidt, director of
the University Choir and Chorus,
will teach comparative studies in
music literature.
Three Stanford professors have
been appointed to Harvard Uni
versity summer school faculty for
1956.
Dr. VVhitaker, professor of Eng
lish, will teaeh a course in Shake
speare and a seminar in Eliza
bethan poetry.
Professor Keesing, head of the
Department of Sociology and An
thropology, will teach a course in
cultural change in the field of
social relations and one in cul
tural anthropology.
Professor Schmidt, director of
the University Choir and Chorus,
will teach comparative studies in
music literature.
Three Stanford professors have
been appointed to Harvard Uni
versity summer school faculty for
1956.
Dr. VVhitaker, professor of Eng
lish, will teaeh a course in Shake
speare and a seminar in Eliza
bethan poetry.
Professor Keesing, head of the
Department of Sociology and An
thropology, will teach a course in
cultural change in the field of
social relations and one in cul
tural anthropology.
Professor Schmidt, director of
the University Choir and Chorus,
will teach comparative studies in
music literature.
Three Stanford professors have
been appointed to Harvard Uni
versity summer school faculty for
1956.
Dr. VVhitaker, professor of Eng
lish, will teaeh a course in Shake
speare and a seminar in Eliza
bethan poetry.
Professor Keesing, head of the
Department of Sociology and An
thropology, will teach a course in
cultural change in the field of
social relations and one in cul
tural anthropology.
Professor Schmidt, director of
the University Choir and Chorus,
will teach comparative studies in
music literature.
Three Stanford professors have
been appointed to Harvard Uni
versity summer school faculty for
1956.
Dr. VVhitaker, professor of Eng
lish, will teaeh a course in Shake
speare and a seminar in Eliza
bethan poetry.
Professor Keesing, head of the
Department of Sociology and An
thropology, will teach a course in
cultural change in the field of
social relations and one in cul
tural anthropology.
Professor Schmidt, director of
the University Choir and Chorus,
will teach comparative studies in
music literature.
