# KZSU to Distribute Career Magazine
## 
### 
Career Magazine will be dis
tributed on the campus today at
the Pavilion by radio station
KZSU.
The books will be given to sen
iors and graduate students who
expect to receive degrees in June
of this year in business, engineer
ing, humanities and sciences, or
mineral sciences.
Copies will be available through
Friday at Engineering Corner and
the KZSU office.
Career Magazine will be dis
tributed on the campus today at
the Pavilion by radio station
KZSU.
The books will be given to sen
iors and graduate students who
expect to receive degrees in June
of this year in business, engineer
ing, humanities and sciences, or
mineral sciences.
Copies will be available through
Friday at Engineering Corner and
the KZSU office.
Career Magazine will be dis
tributed on the campus today at
the Pavilion by radio station
KZSU.
The books will be given to sen
iors and graduate students who
expect to receive degrees in June
of this year in business, engineer
ing, humanities and sciences, or
mineral sciences.
Copies will be available through
Friday at Engineering Corner and
the KZSU office.
Career Magazine will be dis
tributed on the campus today at
the Pavilion by radio station
KZSU.
The books will be given to sen
iors and graduate students who
expect to receive degrees in June
of this year in business, engineer
ing, humanities and sciences, or
mineral sciences.
Copies will be available through
Friday at Engineering Corner and
the KZSU office.
Career Magazine will be dis
tributed on the campus today at
the Pavilion by radio station
KZSU.
The books will be given to sen
iors and graduate students who
expect to receive degrees in June
of this year in business, engineer
ing, humanities and sciences, or
mineral sciences.
Copies will be available through
Friday at Engineering Corner and
the KZSU office.
Career Magazine will be dis
tributed on the campus today at
the Pavilion by radio station
KZSU.
The books will be given to sen
iors and graduate students who
expect to receive degrees in June
of this year in business, engineer
ing, humanities and sciences, or
mineral sciences.
Copies will be available through
Friday at Engineering Corner and
the KZSU office.
Career Magazine will be dis
tributed on the campus today at
the Pavilion by radio station
KZSU.
The books will be given to sen
iors and graduate students who
expect to receive degrees in June
of this year in business, engineer
ing, humanities and sciences, or
mineral sciences.
Copies will be available through
Friday at Engineering Corner and
the KZSU office.
Career Magazine will be dis
tributed on the campus today at
the Pavilion by radio station
KZSU.
The books will be given to sen
iors and graduate students who
expect to receive degrees in June
of this year in business, engineer
ing, humanities and sciences, or
mineral sciences.
Copies will be available through
Friday at Engineering Corner and
the KZSU office.
Career Magazine will be dis
tributed on the campus today at
the Pavilion by radio station
KZSU.
The books will be given to sen
iors and graduate students who
expect to receive degrees in June
of this year in business, engineer
ing, humanities and sciences, or
mineral sciences.
Copies will be available through
Friday at Engineering Corner and
the KZSU office.
Career Magazine will be dis
tributed on the campus today at
the Pavilion by radio station
KZSU.
The books will be given to sen
iors and graduate students who
expect to receive degrees in June
of this year in business, engineer
ing, humanities and sciences, or
mineral sciences.
Copies will be available through
Friday at Engineering Corner and
the KZSU office.
Career Magazine will be dis
tributed on the campus today at
the Pavilion by radio station
KZSU.
The books will be given to sen
iors and graduate students who
expect to receive degrees in June
of this year in business, engineer
ing, humanities and sciences, or
mineral sciences.
Copies will be available through
Friday at Engineering Corner and
the KZSU office.
Career Magazine will be dis
tributed on the campus today at
the Pavilion by radio station
KZSU.
The books will be given to sen
iors and graduate students who
expect to receive degrees in June
of this year in business, engineer
ing, humanities and sciences, or
mineral sciences.
Copies will be available through
Friday at Engineering Corner and
the KZSU office.
Career Magazine will be dis
tributed on the campus today at
the Pavilion by radio station
KZSU.
The books will be given to sen
iors and graduate students who
expect to receive degrees in June
of this year in business, engineer
ing, humanities and sciences, or
mineral sciences.
Copies will be available through
Friday at Engineering Corner and
the KZSU office.
Career Magazine will be dis
tributed on the campus today at
the Pavilion by radio station
KZSU.
The books will be given to sen
iors and graduate students who
expect to receive degrees in June
of this year in business, engineer
ing, humanities and sciences, or
mineral sciences.
Copies will be available through
Friday at Engineering Corner and
the KZSU office.
Career Magazine will be dis
tributed on the campus today at
the Pavilion by radio station
KZSU.
The books will be given to sen
iors and graduate students who
expect to receive degrees in June
of this year in business, engineer
ing, humanities and sciences, or
mineral sciences.
Copies will be available through
Friday at Engineering Corner and
the KZSU office.
