# Signups at Pavilion For Capitol Trip
## 
### 
Students who wish to visit tho
state legislature tomorrow may
sign up at the Foreign Student
Adviser's desk in the Pavilion
today.
The trip, which was arranged
by State Senator Jack Thompson
(San Josei, will offer students a
chance to observe a special ses
sion of the state legislature on
flood control.
. Departure will be at 7 a.m. from
the Cellar and 7:15 a.m. from the
Village Administration Building.
Students who wish to visit tho
state legislature tomorrow may
sign up at the Foreign Student
Adviser's desk in the Pavilion
today.
The trip, which was arranged
by State Senator Jack Thompson
(San Josei, will offer students a
chance to observe a special ses
sion of the state legislature on
flood control.
. Departure will be at 7 a.m. from
the Cellar and 7:15 a.m. from the
Village Administration Building.
Students who wish to visit tho
state legislature tomorrow may
sign up at the Foreign Student
Adviser's desk in the Pavilion
today.
The trip, which was arranged
by State Senator Jack Thompson
(San Josei, will offer students a
chance to observe a special ses
sion of the state legislature on
flood control.
. Departure will be at 7 a.m. from
the Cellar and 7:15 a.m. from the
Village Administration Building.
Students who wish to visit tho
state legislature tomorrow may
sign up at the Foreign Student
Adviser's desk in the Pavilion
today.
The trip, which was arranged
by State Senator Jack Thompson
(San Josei, will offer students a
chance to observe a special ses
sion of the state legislature on
flood control.
. Departure will be at 7 a.m. from
the Cellar and 7:15 a.m. from the
Village Administration Building.
Students who wish to visit tho
state legislature tomorrow may
sign up at the Foreign Student
Adviser's desk in the Pavilion
today.
The trip, which was arranged
by State Senator Jack Thompson
(San Josei, will offer students a
chance to observe a special ses
sion of the state legislature on
flood control.
. Departure will be at 7 a.m. from
the Cellar and 7:15 a.m. from the
Village Administration Building.
Students who wish to visit tho
state legislature tomorrow may
sign up at the Foreign Student
Adviser's desk in the Pavilion
today.
The trip, which was arranged
by State Senator Jack Thompson
(San Josei, will offer students a
chance to observe a special ses
sion of the state legislature on
flood control.
. Departure will be at 7 a.m. from
the Cellar and 7:15 a.m. from the
Village Administration Building.
Students who wish to visit tho
state legislature tomorrow may
sign up at the Foreign Student
Adviser's desk in the Pavilion
today.
The trip, which was arranged
by State Senator Jack Thompson
(San Josei, will offer students a
chance to observe a special ses
sion of the state legislature on
flood control.
. Departure will be at 7 a.m. from
the Cellar and 7:15 a.m. from the
Village Administration Building.
Students who wish to visit tho
state legislature tomorrow may
sign up at the Foreign Student
Adviser's desk in the Pavilion
today.
The trip, which was arranged
by State Senator Jack Thompson
(San Josei, will offer students a
chance to observe a special ses
sion of the state legislature on
flood control.
. Departure will be at 7 a.m. from
the Cellar and 7:15 a.m. from the
Village Administration Building.
Students who wish to visit tho
state legislature tomorrow may
sign up at the Foreign Student
Adviser's desk in the Pavilion
today.
The trip, which was arranged
by State Senator Jack Thompson
(San Josei, will offer students a
chance to observe a special ses
sion of the state legislature on
flood control.
. Departure will be at 7 a.m. from
the Cellar and 7:15 a.m. from the
Village Administration Building.
Students who wish to visit tho
state legislature tomorrow may
sign up at the Foreign Student
Adviser's desk in the Pavilion
today.
The trip, which was arranged
by State Senator Jack Thompson
(San Josei, will offer students a
chance to observe a special ses
sion of the state legislature on
flood control.
. Departure will be at 7 a.m. from
the Cellar and 7:15 a.m. from the
Village Administration Building.
Students who wish to visit tho
state legislature tomorrow may
sign up at the Foreign Student
Adviser's desk in the Pavilion
today.
The trip, which was arranged
by State Senator Jack Thompson
(San Josei, will offer students a
chance to observe a special ses
sion of the state legislature on
flood control.
. Departure will be at 7 a.m. from
the Cellar and 7:15 a.m. from the
Village Administration Building.
Students who wish to visit tho
state legislature tomorrow may
sign up at the Foreign Student
Adviser's desk in the Pavilion
today.
The trip, which was arranged
by State Senator Jack Thompson
(San Josei, will offer students a
chance to observe a special ses
sion of the state legislature on
flood control.
. Departure will be at 7 a.m. from
the Cellar and 7:15 a.m. from the
Village Administration Building.
Students who wish to visit tho
state legislature tomorrow may
sign up at the Foreign Student
Adviser's desk in the Pavilion
today.
The trip, which was arranged
by State Senator Jack Thompson
(San Josei, will offer students a
chance to observe a special ses
sion of the state legislature on
flood control.
. Departure will be at 7 a.m. from
the Cellar and 7:15 a.m. from the
Village Administration Building.
Students who wish to visit tho
state legislature tomorrow may
sign up at the Foreign Student
Adviser's desk in the Pavilion
today.
The trip, which was arranged
by State Senator Jack Thompson
(San Josei, will offer students a
chance to observe a special ses
sion of the state legislature on
flood control.
. Departure will be at 7 a.m. from
the Cellar and 7:15 a.m. from the
Village Administration Building.
Students who wish to visit tho
state legislature tomorrow may
sign up at the Foreign Student
Adviser's desk in the Pavilion
today.
The trip, which was arranged
by State Senator Jack Thompson
(San Josei, will offer students a
chance to observe a special ses
sion of the state legislature on
flood control.
. Departure will be at 7 a.m. from
the Cellar and 7:15 a.m. from the
Village Administration Building.
