# Three Architecture Students Cop Prizes
## 
### 
Three Stanford students won
prizes in the Schlage Doorway
Design contest for architectural
students.
The students are Jack Cornwall,
B. L. Alexander and Dick Ander
son. They placed one, Iwo and
three in the Stanford part of ihe
contest with the University of
California.
Three Stanford students won
prizes in the Schlage Doorway
Design contest for architectural
students.
The students are Jack Cornwall,
B. L. Alexander and Dick Ander
son. They placed one, Iwo and
three in the Stanford part of ihe
contest with the University of
California.
Three Stanford students won
prizes in the Schlage Doorway
Design contest for architectural
students.
The students are Jack Cornwall,
B. L. Alexander and Dick Ander
son. They placed one, Iwo and
three in the Stanford part of ihe
contest with the University of
California.
Three Stanford students won
prizes in the Schlage Doorway
Design contest for architectural
students.
The students are Jack Cornwall,
B. L. Alexander and Dick Ander
son. They placed one, Iwo and
three in the Stanford part of ihe
contest with the University of
California.
Three Stanford students won
prizes in the Schlage Doorway
Design contest for architectural
students.
The students are Jack Cornwall,
B. L. Alexander and Dick Ander
son. They placed one, Iwo and
three in the Stanford part of ihe
contest with the University of
California.
Three Stanford students won
prizes in the Schlage Doorway
Design contest for architectural
students.
The students are Jack Cornwall,
B. L. Alexander and Dick Ander
son. They placed one, Iwo and
three in the Stanford part of ihe
contest with the University of
California.
Three Stanford students won
prizes in the Schlage Doorway
Design contest for architectural
students.
The students are Jack Cornwall,
B. L. Alexander and Dick Ander
son. They placed one, Iwo and
three in the Stanford part of ihe
contest with the University of
California.
Three Stanford students won
prizes in the Schlage Doorway
Design contest for architectural
students.
The students are Jack Cornwall,
B. L. Alexander and Dick Ander
son. They placed one, Iwo and
three in the Stanford part of ihe
contest with the University of
California.
Three Stanford students won
prizes in the Schlage Doorway
Design contest for architectural
students.
The students are Jack Cornwall,
B. L. Alexander and Dick Ander
son. They placed one, Iwo and
three in the Stanford part of ihe
contest with the University of
California.
Three Stanford students won
prizes in the Schlage Doorway
Design contest for architectural
students.
The students are Jack Cornwall,
B. L. Alexander and Dick Ander
son. They placed one, Iwo and
three in the Stanford part of ihe
contest with the University of
California.
Three Stanford students won
prizes in the Schlage Doorway
Design contest for architectural
students.
The students are Jack Cornwall,
B. L. Alexander and Dick Ander
son. They placed one, Iwo and
three in the Stanford part of ihe
contest with the University of
California.
Three Stanford students won
prizes in the Schlage Doorway
Design contest for architectural
students.
The students are Jack Cornwall,
B. L. Alexander and Dick Ander
son. They placed one, Iwo and
three in the Stanford part of ihe
contest with the University of
California.
Three Stanford students won
prizes in the Schlage Doorway
Design contest for architectural
students.
The students are Jack Cornwall,
B. L. Alexander and Dick Ander
son. They placed one, Iwo and
three in the Stanford part of ihe
contest with the University of
California.
Three Stanford students won
prizes in the Schlage Doorway
Design contest for architectural
students.
The students are Jack Cornwall,
B. L. Alexander and Dick Ander
son. They placed one, Iwo and
three in the Stanford part of ihe
contest with the University of
California.
Three Stanford students won
prizes in the Schlage Doorway
Design contest for architectural
students.
The students are Jack Cornwall,
B. L. Alexander and Dick Ander
son. They placed one, Iwo and
three in the Stanford part of ihe
contest with the University of
California.
