# World & Nation
## Lucky lady lives long 
### 

Reuters
The world s oldest person, Jeanne Calment, celebrates during
a special ceremony at a retirement home in Aries, France. Cal
ment has lived for 120 years and 238 days, surpassing the pre
vious record of 120 years and 237 days, set by Shigechiyo
Izumi who died in 1986.

Reuters
The world s oldest person, Jeanne Calment, celebrates during
a special ceremony at a retirement home in Aries, France. Cal
ment has lived for 120 years and 238 days, surpassing the pre
vious record of 120 years and 237 days, set by Shigechiyo
Izumi who died in 1986.

Reuters
The world s oldest person, Jeanne Calment, celebrates during
a special ceremony at a retirement home in Aries, France. Cal
ment has lived for 120 years and 238 days, surpassing the pre
vious record of 120 years and 237 days, set by Shigechiyo
Izumi who died in 1986.

Reuters
The world s oldest person, Jeanne Calment, celebrates during
a special ceremony at a retirement home in Aries, France. Cal
ment has lived for 120 years and 238 days, surpassing the pre
vious record of 120 years and 237 days, set by Shigechiyo
Izumi who died in 1986.

Reuters
The world s oldest person, Jeanne Calment, celebrates during
a special ceremony at a retirement home in Aries, France. Cal
ment has lived for 120 years and 238 days, surpassing the pre
vious record of 120 years and 237 days, set by Shigechiyo
Izumi who died in 1986.

Reuters
The world s oldest person, Jeanne Calment, celebrates during
a special ceremony at a retirement home in Aries, France. Cal
ment has lived for 120 years and 238 days, surpassing the pre
vious record of 120 years and 237 days, set by Shigechiyo
Izumi who died in 1986.

Reuters
The world s oldest person, Jeanne Calment, celebrates during
a special ceremony at a retirement home in Aries, France. Cal
ment has lived for 120 years and 238 days, surpassing the pre
vious record of 120 years and 237 days, set by Shigechiyo
Izumi who died in 1986.

Reuters
The world s oldest person, Jeanne Calment, celebrates during
a special ceremony at a retirement home in Aries, France. Cal
ment has lived for 120 years and 238 days, surpassing the pre
vious record of 120 years and 237 days, set by Shigechiyo
Izumi who died in 1986.
