# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
\\or<ls and music l>y
Tom lirrpzc '27
o o
CAMPUS SPORTS . .
NO. 11
'UN-HITTING
THE HAY
If when out of bed
you tumble . . .
You're inclined to
mo<in and grumble,
... As with fingers
numb you fumble
. . . Over buttons in
a row; ... If partic
ularly trousers . . .
Make of you a prince
of grousers . . . Just
buy ZIP -er Slacks,
and Wow, sirs! How
your trotiser troub
les go!
PRESENTING
ZIP-er SLACKS
$5
Roo4 Btm
ENCINA HALL
125 University Ave.
\\or<ls and music l>y
Tom lirrpzc '27
o o
CAMPUS SPORTS . .
NO. 11
'UN-HITTING
THE HAY
If when out of bed
you tumble . . .
You're inclined to
mo<in and grumble,
... As with fingers
numb you fumble
. . . Over buttons in
a row; ... If partic
ularly trousers . . .
Make of you a prince
of grousers . . . Just
buy ZIP -er Slacks,
and Wow, sirs! How
your trotiser troub
les go!
PRESENTING
ZIP-er SLACKS
$5
Roo4 Btm
ENCINA HALL
125 University Ave.
\\or<ls and music l>y
Tom lirrpzc '27
o o
CAMPUS SPORTS . .
NO. 11
'UN-HITTING
THE HAY
If when out of bed
you tumble . . .
You're inclined to
mo<in and grumble,
... As with fingers
numb you fumble
. . . Over buttons in
a row; ... If partic
ularly trousers . . .
Make of you a prince
of grousers . . . Just
buy ZIP -er Slacks,
and Wow, sirs! How
your trotiser troub
les go!
PRESENTING
ZIP-er SLACKS
$5
Roo4 Btm
ENCINA HALL
125 University Ave.
\\or<ls and music l>y
Tom lirrpzc '27
o o
CAMPUS SPORTS . .
NO. 11
'UN-HITTING
THE HAY
If when out of bed
you tumble . . .
You're inclined to
mo<in and grumble,
... As with fingers
numb you fumble
. . . Over buttons in
a row; ... If partic
ularly trousers . . .
Make of you a prince
of grousers . . . Just
buy ZIP -er Slacks,
and Wow, sirs! How
your trotiser troub
les go!
PRESENTING
ZIP-er SLACKS
$5
Roo4 Btm
ENCINA HALL
125 University Ave.
\\or<ls and music l>y
Tom lirrpzc '27
o o
CAMPUS SPORTS . .
NO. 11
'UN-HITTING
THE HAY
If when out of bed
you tumble . . .
You're inclined to
mo<in and grumble,
... As with fingers
numb you fumble
. . . Over buttons in
a row; ... If partic
ularly trousers . . .
Make of you a prince
of grousers . . . Just
buy ZIP -er Slacks,
and Wow, sirs! How
your trotiser troub
les go!
PRESENTING
ZIP-er SLACKS
$5
Roo4 Btm
ENCINA HALL
125 University Ave.
\\or<ls and music l>y
Tom lirrpzc '27
o o
CAMPUS SPORTS . .
NO. 11
'UN-HITTING
THE HAY
If when out of bed
you tumble . . .
You're inclined to
mo<in and grumble,
... As with fingers
numb you fumble
. . . Over buttons in
a row; ... If partic
ularly trousers . . .
Make of you a prince
of grousers . . . Just
buy ZIP -er Slacks,
and Wow, sirs! How
your trotiser troub
les go!
PRESENTING
ZIP-er SLACKS
$5
Roo4 Btm
ENCINA HALL
125 University Ave.
\\or<ls and music l>y
Tom lirrpzc '27
o o
CAMPUS SPORTS . .
NO. 11
'UN-HITTING
THE HAY
If when out of bed
you tumble . . .
You're inclined to
mo<in and grumble,
... As with fingers
numb you fumble
. . . Over buttons in
a row; ... If partic
ularly trousers . . .
Make of you a prince
of grousers . . . Just
buy ZIP -er Slacks,
and Wow, sirs! How
your trotiser troub
les go!
PRESENTING
ZIP-er SLACKS
$5
Roo4 Btm
ENCINA HALL
125 University Ave.
\\or<ls and music l>y
Tom lirrpzc '27
o o
CAMPUS SPORTS . .
NO. 11
'UN-HITTING
THE HAY
If when out of bed
you tumble . . .
You're inclined to
mo<in and grumble,
... As with fingers
numb you fumble
. . . Over buttons in
a row; ... If partic
ularly trousers . . .
Make of you a prince
of grousers . . . Just
buy ZIP -er Slacks,
and Wow, sirs! How
your trotiser troub
les go!
PRESENTING
ZIP-er SLACKS
$5
Roo4 Btm
ENCINA HALL
125 University Ave.
\\or<ls and music l>y
Tom lirrpzc '27
o o
CAMPUS SPORTS . .
NO. 11
'UN-HITTING
THE HAY
If when out of bed
you tumble . . .
You're inclined to
mo<in and grumble,
... As with fingers
numb you fumble
. . . Over buttons in
a row; ... If partic
ularly trousers . . .
Make of you a prince
of grousers . . . Just
buy ZIP -er Slacks,
and Wow, sirs! How
your trotiser troub
les go!
PRESENTING
ZIP-er SLACKS
$5
Roo4 Btm
ENCINA HALL
125 University Ave.
\\or<ls and music l>y
Tom lirrpzc '27
o o
CAMPUS SPORTS . .
NO. 11
'UN-HITTING
THE HAY
If when out of bed
you tumble . . .
You're inclined to
mo<in and grumble,
... As with fingers
numb you fumble
. . . Over buttons in
a row; ... If partic
ularly trousers . . .
Make of you a prince
of grousers . . . Just
buy ZIP -er Slacks,
and Wow, sirs! How
your trotiser troub
les go!
PRESENTING
ZIP-er SLACKS
$5
Roo4 Btm
ENCINA HALL
125 University Ave.
\\or<ls and music l>y
Tom lirrpzc '27
o o
CAMPUS SPORTS . .
NO. 11
'UN-HITTING
THE HAY
If when out of bed
you tumble . . .
You're inclined to
mo<in and grumble,
... As with fingers
numb you fumble
. . . Over buttons in
a row; ... If partic
ularly trousers . . .
Make of you a prince
of grousers . . . Just
buy ZIP -er Slacks,
and Wow, sirs! How
your trotiser troub
les go!
PRESENTING
ZIP-er SLACKS
$5
Roo4 Btm
ENCINA HALL
125 University Ave.
\\or<ls and music l>y
Tom lirrpzc '27
o o
CAMPUS SPORTS . .
NO. 11
'UN-HITTING
THE HAY
If when out of bed
you tumble . . .
You're inclined to
mo<in and grumble,
... As with fingers
numb you fumble
. . . Over buttons in
a row; ... If partic
ularly trousers . . .
Make of you a prince
of grousers . . . Just
buy ZIP -er Slacks,
and Wow, sirs! How
your trotiser troub
les go!
PRESENTING
ZIP-er SLACKS
$5
Roo4 Btm
ENCINA HALL
125 University Ave.
\\or<ls and music l>y
Tom lirrpzc '27
o o
CAMPUS SPORTS . .
NO. 11
'UN-HITTING
THE HAY
If when out of bed
you tumble . . .
You're inclined to
mo<in and grumble,
... As with fingers
numb you fumble
. . . Over buttons in
a row; ... If partic
ularly trousers . . .
Make of you a prince
of grousers . . . Just
buy ZIP -er Slacks,
and Wow, sirs! How
your trotiser troub
les go!
PRESENTING
ZIP-er SLACKS
$5
Roo4 Btm
ENCINA HALL
125 University Ave.
\\or<ls and music l>y
Tom lirrpzc '27
o o
CAMPUS SPORTS . .
NO. 11
'UN-HITTING
THE HAY
If when out of bed
you tumble . . .
You're inclined to
mo<in and grumble,
... As with fingers
numb you fumble
. . . Over buttons in
a row; ... If partic
ularly trousers . . .
Make of you a prince
of grousers . . . Just
buy ZIP -er Slacks,
and Wow, sirs! How
your trotiser troub
les go!
PRESENTING
ZIP-er SLACKS
$5
Roo4 Btm
ENCINA HALL
125 University Ave.
