# "500" TUITION NOTES
## 
### 
Applications for women's tuition
notes for autumn and summer
quarters are now acceptable at the
Dea nof Women's office. They must
he in bv tomorrow.
Applications for women's tuition
notes for autumn and summer
quarters are now acceptable at the
Dea nof Women's office. They must
he in bv tomorrow.
Applications for women's tuition
notes for autumn and summer
quarters are now acceptable at the
Dea nof Women's office. They must
he in bv tomorrow.
Applications for women's tuition
notes for autumn and summer
quarters are now acceptable at the
Dea nof Women's office. They must
he in bv tomorrow.
Applications for women's tuition
notes for autumn and summer
quarters are now acceptable at the
Dea nof Women's office. They must
he in bv tomorrow.
Applications for women's tuition
notes for autumn and summer
quarters are now acceptable at the
Dea nof Women's office. They must
he in bv tomorrow.
Applications for women's tuition
notes for autumn and summer
quarters are now acceptable at the
Dea nof Women's office. They must
he in bv tomorrow.
Applications for women's tuition
notes for autumn and summer
quarters are now acceptable at the
Dea nof Women's office. They must
he in bv tomorrow.
Applications for women's tuition
notes for autumn and summer
quarters are now acceptable at the
Dea nof Women's office. They must
he in bv tomorrow.
Applications for women's tuition
notes for autumn and summer
quarters are now acceptable at the
Dea nof Women's office. They must
he in bv tomorrow.
Applications for women's tuition
notes for autumn and summer
quarters are now acceptable at the
Dea nof Women's office. They must
he in bv tomorrow.
Applications for women's tuition
notes for autumn and summer
quarters are now acceptable at the
Dea nof Women's office. They must
he in bv tomorrow.
Applications for women's tuition
notes for autumn and summer
quarters are now acceptable at the
Dea nof Women's office. They must
he in bv tomorrow.
Applications for women's tuition
notes for autumn and summer
quarters are now acceptable at the
Dea nof Women's office. They must
he in bv tomorrow.
