# Ray Wheeler Wins Top Position in Frosh Golf
## 
### 
In a surprise victory, Roy Wheeler
yesterday won the number one posi
tion on the Stanford freshman golf
team with a score of 149, seven over
par, for the 36 holes.
In the second position was Louis
Cass with a 151 total. Unexpectedly
far back in the pack, Brown Cannon,
sensational young Denver golfer,
barely made third position with a
154 total.
In fourth place, Pete Hess of Des
Moines, lowa, shot 160. Two strokes
higher was Jack Wallas. Sixth place
was held by Spence with 166. Sev
enth place went to Helm with 169,
while Wilcox took the last place
with 170.
On the squad were Hatch, 172, Van
Hyman, 172, Buker, 177, and Leben
baum, 182.
In a surprise victory, Roy Wheeler
yesterday won the number one posi
tion on the Stanford freshman golf
team with a score of 149, seven over
par, for the 36 holes.
In the second position was Louis
Cass with a 151 total. Unexpectedly
far back in the pack, Brown Cannon,
sensational young Denver golfer,
barely made third position with a
154 total.
In fourth place, Pete Hess of Des
Moines, lowa, shot 160. Two strokes
higher was Jack Wallas. Sixth place
was held by Spence with 166. Sev
enth place went to Helm with 169,
while Wilcox took the last place
with 170.
On the squad were Hatch, 172, Van
Hyman, 172, Buker, 177, and Leben
baum, 182.
In a surprise victory, Roy Wheeler
yesterday won the number one posi
tion on the Stanford freshman golf
team with a score of 149, seven over
par, for the 36 holes.
In the second position was Louis
Cass with a 151 total. Unexpectedly
far back in the pack, Brown Cannon,
sensational young Denver golfer,
barely made third position with a
154 total.
In fourth place, Pete Hess of Des
Moines, lowa, shot 160. Two strokes
higher was Jack Wallas. Sixth place
was held by Spence with 166. Sev
enth place went to Helm with 169,
while Wilcox took the last place
with 170.
On the squad were Hatch, 172, Van
Hyman, 172, Buker, 177, and Leben
baum, 182.
In a surprise victory, Roy Wheeler
yesterday won the number one posi
tion on the Stanford freshman golf
team with a score of 149, seven over
par, for the 36 holes.
In the second position was Louis
Cass with a 151 total. Unexpectedly
far back in the pack, Brown Cannon,
sensational young Denver golfer,
barely made third position with a
154 total.
In fourth place, Pete Hess of Des
Moines, lowa, shot 160. Two strokes
higher was Jack Wallas. Sixth place
was held by Spence with 166. Sev
enth place went to Helm with 169,
while Wilcox took the last place
with 170.
On the squad were Hatch, 172, Van
Hyman, 172, Buker, 177, and Leben
baum, 182.
In a surprise victory, Roy Wheeler
yesterday won the number one posi
tion on the Stanford freshman golf
team with a score of 149, seven over
par, for the 36 holes.
In the second position was Louis
Cass with a 151 total. Unexpectedly
far back in the pack, Brown Cannon,
sensational young Denver golfer,
barely made third position with a
154 total.
In fourth place, Pete Hess of Des
Moines, lowa, shot 160. Two strokes
higher was Jack Wallas. Sixth place
was held by Spence with 166. Sev
enth place went to Helm with 169,
while Wilcox took the last place
with 170.
On the squad were Hatch, 172, Van
Hyman, 172, Buker, 177, and Leben
baum, 182.
In a surprise victory, Roy Wheeler
yesterday won the number one posi
tion on the Stanford freshman golf
team with a score of 149, seven over
par, for the 36 holes.
In the second position was Louis
Cass with a 151 total. Unexpectedly
far back in the pack, Brown Cannon,
sensational young Denver golfer,
barely made third position with a
154 total.
In fourth place, Pete Hess of Des
Moines, lowa, shot 160. Two strokes
higher was Jack Wallas. Sixth place
was held by Spence with 166. Sev
enth place went to Helm with 169,
while Wilcox took the last place
with 170.
On the squad were Hatch, 172, Van
Hyman, 172, Buker, 177, and Leben
baum, 182.
In a surprise victory, Roy Wheeler
yesterday won the number one posi
tion on the Stanford freshman golf
team with a score of 149, seven over
par, for the 36 holes.
In the second position was Louis
Cass with a 151 total. Unexpectedly
far back in the pack, Brown Cannon,
sensational young Denver golfer,
barely made third position with a
154 total.
In fourth place, Pete Hess of Des
Moines, lowa, shot 160. Two strokes
higher was Jack Wallas. Sixth place
was held by Spence with 166. Sev
enth place went to Helm with 169,
while Wilcox took the last place
with 170.
On the squad were Hatch, 172, Van
Hyman, 172, Buker, 177, and Leben
baum, 182.
In a surprise victory, Roy Wheeler
yesterday won the number one posi
tion on the Stanford freshman golf
team with a score of 149, seven over
par, for the 36 holes.
In the second position was Louis
Cass with a 151 total. Unexpectedly
far back in the pack, Brown Cannon,
sensational young Denver golfer,
barely made third position with a
154 total.
In fourth place, Pete Hess of Des
Moines, lowa, shot 160. Two strokes
higher was Jack Wallas. Sixth place
was held by Spence with 166. Sev
enth place went to Helm with 169,
while Wilcox took the last place
with 170.
On the squad were Hatch, 172, Van
Hyman, 172, Buker, 177, and Leben
baum, 182.
In a surprise victory, Roy Wheeler
yesterday won the number one posi
tion on the Stanford freshman golf
team with a score of 149, seven over
par, for the 36 holes.
In the second position was Louis
Cass with a 151 total. Unexpectedly
far back in the pack, Brown Cannon,
sensational young Denver golfer,
barely made third position with a
154 total.
In fourth place, Pete Hess of Des
Moines, lowa, shot 160. Two strokes
higher was Jack Wallas. Sixth place
was held by Spence with 166. Sev
enth place went to Helm with 169,
while Wilcox took the last place
with 170.
On the squad were Hatch, 172, Van
Hyman, 172, Buker, 177, and Leben
baum, 182.
In a surprise victory, Roy Wheeler
yesterday won the number one posi
tion on the Stanford freshman golf
team with a score of 149, seven over
par, for the 36 holes.
In the second position was Louis
Cass with a 151 total. Unexpectedly
far back in the pack, Brown Cannon,
sensational young Denver golfer,
barely made third position with a
154 total.
In fourth place, Pete Hess of Des
Moines, lowa, shot 160. Two strokes
higher was Jack Wallas. Sixth place
was held by Spence with 166. Sev
enth place went to Helm with 169,
while Wilcox took the last place
with 170.
On the squad were Hatch, 172, Van
Hyman, 172, Buker, 177, and Leben
baum, 182.
In a surprise victory, Roy Wheeler
yesterday won the number one posi
tion on the Stanford freshman golf
team with a score of 149, seven over
par, for the 36 holes.
In the second position was Louis
Cass with a 151 total. Unexpectedly
far back in the pack, Brown Cannon,
sensational young Denver golfer,
barely made third position with a
154 total.
In fourth place, Pete Hess of Des
Moines, lowa, shot 160. Two strokes
higher was Jack Wallas. Sixth place
was held by Spence with 166. Sev
enth place went to Helm with 169,
while Wilcox took the last place
with 170.
On the squad were Hatch, 172, Van
Hyman, 172, Buker, 177, and Leben
baum, 182.
In a surprise victory, Roy Wheeler
yesterday won the number one posi
tion on the Stanford freshman golf
team with a score of 149, seven over
par, for the 36 holes.
In the second position was Louis
Cass with a 151 total. Unexpectedly
far back in the pack, Brown Cannon,
sensational young Denver golfer,
barely made third position with a
154 total.
In fourth place, Pete Hess of Des
Moines, lowa, shot 160. Two strokes
higher was Jack Wallas. Sixth place
was held by Spence with 166. Sev
enth place went to Helm with 169,
while Wilcox took the last place
with 170.
On the squad were Hatch, 172, Van
Hyman, 172, Buker, 177, and Leben
baum, 182.
In a surprise victory, Roy Wheeler
yesterday won the number one posi
tion on the Stanford freshman golf
team with a score of 149, seven over
par, for the 36 holes.
In the second position was Louis
Cass with a 151 total. Unexpectedly
far back in the pack, Brown Cannon,
sensational young Denver golfer,
barely made third position with a
154 total.
In fourth place, Pete Hess of Des
Moines, lowa, shot 160. Two strokes
higher was Jack Wallas. Sixth place
was held by Spence with 166. Sev
enth place went to Helm with 169,
while Wilcox took the last place
with 170.
On the squad were Hatch, 172, Van
Hyman, 172, Buker, 177, and Leben
baum, 182.
In a surprise victory, Roy Wheeler
yesterday won the number one posi
tion on the Stanford freshman golf
team with a score of 149, seven over
par, for the 36 holes.
In the second position was Louis
Cass with a 151 total. Unexpectedly
far back in the pack, Brown Cannon,
sensational young Denver golfer,
barely made third position with a
154 total.
In fourth place, Pete Hess of Des
Moines, lowa, shot 160. Two strokes
higher was Jack Wallas. Sixth place
was held by Spence with 166. Sev
enth place went to Helm with 169,
while Wilcox took the last place
with 170.
On the squad were Hatch, 172, Van
Hyman, 172, Buker, 177, and Leben
baum, 182.
In a surprise victory, Roy Wheeler
yesterday won the number one posi
tion on the Stanford freshman golf
team with a score of 149, seven over
par, for the 36 holes.
In the second position was Louis
Cass with a 151 total. Unexpectedly
far back in the pack, Brown Cannon,
sensational young Denver golfer,
barely made third position with a
154 total.
In fourth place, Pete Hess of Des
Moines, lowa, shot 160. Two strokes
higher was Jack Wallas. Sixth place
was held by Spence with 166. Sev
enth place went to Helm with 169,
while Wilcox took the last place
with 170.
On the squad were Hatch, 172, Van
Hyman, 172, Buker, 177, and Leben
baum, 182.
