# SILVER PRICE MOUNTS
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Oct. 10 (/»»).—Silver
continued its record-breaking course
todfiy as the New York price for for
eign silver reached another five
year peak.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10 (/»»).—Silver
continued its record-breaking course
todfiy as the New York price for for
eign silver reached another five
year peak.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10 (/»»).—Silver
continued its record-breaking course
todfiy as the New York price for for
eign silver reached another five
year peak.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10 (/»»).—Silver
continued its record-breaking course
todfiy as the New York price for for
eign silver reached another five
year peak.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10 (/»»).—Silver
continued its record-breaking course
todfiy as the New York price for for
eign silver reached another five
year peak.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10 (/»»).—Silver
continued its record-breaking course
todfiy as the New York price for for
eign silver reached another five
year peak.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10 (/»»).—Silver
continued its record-breaking course
todfiy as the New York price for for
eign silver reached another five
year peak.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10 (/»»).—Silver
continued its record-breaking course
todfiy as the New York price for for
eign silver reached another five
year peak.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10 (/»»).—Silver
continued its record-breaking course
todfiy as the New York price for for
eign silver reached another five
year peak.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10 (/»»).—Silver
continued its record-breaking course
todfiy as the New York price for for
eign silver reached another five
year peak.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10 (/»»).—Silver
continued its record-breaking course
todfiy as the New York price for for
eign silver reached another five
year peak.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10 (/»»).—Silver
continued its record-breaking course
todfiy as the New York price for for
eign silver reached another five
year peak.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10 (/»»).—Silver
continued its record-breaking course
todfiy as the New York price for for
eign silver reached another five
year peak.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10 (/»»).—Silver
continued its record-breaking course
todfiy as the New York price for for
eign silver reached another five
year peak.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10 (/»»).—Silver
continued its record-breaking course
todfiy as the New York price for for
eign silver reached another five
year peak.
