# Physicists of Stanford, U.C. Establish Seminar
## 
### 
Physics departments of Stanford
and California Universities have in
stituted a joint seminar in mathe
matical physics, which meets every
Friday. It is the enterprise of Pro
lessor Felix Bloch of Stanford and
Professor Robert Oppenheimer of
Berkeley.
The seminar is composed of eight
mathematical physicists from U.C.
and four from Stanford, including
professors and graduate students.
The aim of the seminar is to discuss
the most recent problems of theoret
ical physics.
The group plans to divide its meet
ings between the two universities
proportionate to the number of men
from each.
Physics departments of Stanford
and California Universities have in
stituted a joint seminar in mathe
matical physics, which meets every
Friday. It is the enterprise of Pro
lessor Felix Bloch of Stanford and
Professor Robert Oppenheimer of
Berkeley.
The seminar is composed of eight
mathematical physicists from U.C.
and four from Stanford, including
professors and graduate students.
The aim of the seminar is to discuss
the most recent problems of theoret
ical physics.
The group plans to divide its meet
ings between the two universities
proportionate to the number of men
from each.
Physics departments of Stanford
and California Universities have in
stituted a joint seminar in mathe
matical physics, which meets every
Friday. It is the enterprise of Pro
lessor Felix Bloch of Stanford and
Professor Robert Oppenheimer of
Berkeley.
The seminar is composed of eight
mathematical physicists from U.C.
and four from Stanford, including
professors and graduate students.
The aim of the seminar is to discuss
the most recent problems of theoret
ical physics.
The group plans to divide its meet
ings between the two universities
proportionate to the number of men
from each.
Physics departments of Stanford
and California Universities have in
stituted a joint seminar in mathe
matical physics, which meets every
Friday. It is the enterprise of Pro
lessor Felix Bloch of Stanford and
Professor Robert Oppenheimer of
Berkeley.
The seminar is composed of eight
mathematical physicists from U.C.
and four from Stanford, including
professors and graduate students.
The aim of the seminar is to discuss
the most recent problems of theoret
ical physics.
The group plans to divide its meet
ings between the two universities
proportionate to the number of men
from each.
Physics departments of Stanford
and California Universities have in
stituted a joint seminar in mathe
matical physics, which meets every
Friday. It is the enterprise of Pro
lessor Felix Bloch of Stanford and
Professor Robert Oppenheimer of
Berkeley.
The seminar is composed of eight
mathematical physicists from U.C.
and four from Stanford, including
professors and graduate students.
The aim of the seminar is to discuss
the most recent problems of theoret
ical physics.
The group plans to divide its meet
ings between the two universities
proportionate to the number of men
from each.
Physics departments of Stanford
and California Universities have in
stituted a joint seminar in mathe
matical physics, which meets every
Friday. It is the enterprise of Pro
lessor Felix Bloch of Stanford and
Professor Robert Oppenheimer of
Berkeley.
The seminar is composed of eight
mathematical physicists from U.C.
and four from Stanford, including
professors and graduate students.
The aim of the seminar is to discuss
the most recent problems of theoret
ical physics.
The group plans to divide its meet
ings between the two universities
proportionate to the number of men
from each.
Physics departments of Stanford
and California Universities have in
stituted a joint seminar in mathe
matical physics, which meets every
Friday. It is the enterprise of Pro
lessor Felix Bloch of Stanford and
Professor Robert Oppenheimer of
Berkeley.
The seminar is composed of eight
mathematical physicists from U.C.
and four from Stanford, including
professors and graduate students.
The aim of the seminar is to discuss
the most recent problems of theoret
ical physics.
The group plans to divide its meet
ings between the two universities
proportionate to the number of men
from each.
Physics departments of Stanford
and California Universities have in
stituted a joint seminar in mathe
matical physics, which meets every
Friday. It is the enterprise of Pro
lessor Felix Bloch of Stanford and
Professor Robert Oppenheimer of
Berkeley.
The seminar is composed of eight
mathematical physicists from U.C.
and four from Stanford, including
professors and graduate students.
The aim of the seminar is to discuss
the most recent problems of theoret
ical physics.
The group plans to divide its meet
ings between the two universities
proportionate to the number of men
from each.
Physics departments of Stanford
and California Universities have in
stituted a joint seminar in mathe
matical physics, which meets every
Friday. It is the enterprise of Pro
lessor Felix Bloch of Stanford and
Professor Robert Oppenheimer of
Berkeley.
The seminar is composed of eight
mathematical physicists from U.C.
and four from Stanford, including
professors and graduate students.
The aim of the seminar is to discuss
the most recent problems of theoret
ical physics.
The group plans to divide its meet
ings between the two universities
proportionate to the number of men
from each.
Physics departments of Stanford
and California Universities have in
stituted a joint seminar in mathe
matical physics, which meets every
Friday. It is the enterprise of Pro
lessor Felix Bloch of Stanford and
Professor Robert Oppenheimer of
Berkeley.
The seminar is composed of eight
mathematical physicists from U.C.
and four from Stanford, including
professors and graduate students.
The aim of the seminar is to discuss
the most recent problems of theoret
ical physics.
The group plans to divide its meet
ings between the two universities
proportionate to the number of men
from each.
Physics departments of Stanford
and California Universities have in
stituted a joint seminar in mathe
matical physics, which meets every
Friday. It is the enterprise of Pro
lessor Felix Bloch of Stanford and
Professor Robert Oppenheimer of
Berkeley.
The seminar is composed of eight
mathematical physicists from U.C.
and four from Stanford, including
professors and graduate students.
The aim of the seminar is to discuss
the most recent problems of theoret
ical physics.
The group plans to divide its meet
ings between the two universities
proportionate to the number of men
from each.
Physics departments of Stanford
and California Universities have in
stituted a joint seminar in mathe
matical physics, which meets every
Friday. It is the enterprise of Pro
lessor Felix Bloch of Stanford and
Professor Robert Oppenheimer of
Berkeley.
The seminar is composed of eight
mathematical physicists from U.C.
and four from Stanford, including
professors and graduate students.
The aim of the seminar is to discuss
the most recent problems of theoret
ical physics.
The group plans to divide its meet
ings between the two universities
proportionate to the number of men
from each.
Physics departments of Stanford
and California Universities have in
stituted a joint seminar in mathe
matical physics, which meets every
Friday. It is the enterprise of Pro
lessor Felix Bloch of Stanford and
Professor Robert Oppenheimer of
Berkeley.
The seminar is composed of eight
mathematical physicists from U.C.
and four from Stanford, including
professors and graduate students.
The aim of the seminar is to discuss
the most recent problems of theoret
ical physics.
The group plans to divide its meet
ings between the two universities
proportionate to the number of men
from each.
Physics departments of Stanford
and California Universities have in
stituted a joint seminar in mathe
matical physics, which meets every
Friday. It is the enterprise of Pro
lessor Felix Bloch of Stanford and
Professor Robert Oppenheimer of
Berkeley.
The seminar is composed of eight
mathematical physicists from U.C.
and four from Stanford, including
professors and graduate students.
The aim of the seminar is to discuss
the most recent problems of theoret
ical physics.
The group plans to divide its meet
ings between the two universities
proportionate to the number of men
from each.
Physics departments of Stanford
and California Universities have in
stituted a joint seminar in mathe
matical physics, which meets every
Friday. It is the enterprise of Pro
lessor Felix Bloch of Stanford and
Professor Robert Oppenheimer of
Berkeley.
The seminar is composed of eight
mathematical physicists from U.C.
and four from Stanford, including
professors and graduate students.
The aim of the seminar is to discuss
the most recent problems of theoret
ical physics.
The group plans to divide its meet
ings between the two universities
proportionate to the number of men
from each.
