# Illustrated Review Will Appear in Fancy Cover
## 
### 
All dressed up in a new red and
white cover, the October issue cf the
Stanford Illustrated Review will ap
pear on the campus tomorrow, ac
cording to Mrs. Carol Green Wilson,
editor.
Formerly the covers have been all
white but it is the plan to have them
red and white for this volume.
Changes have been made in the con
tents also to provide a more diverse
type of stories.
The most interesting features this
month, to the present Stanford stu
dents, are: '"As Bill Leiser Sees It
for Stanford," which is a football
story pertaining to Stanford's
chances; and ''Toast for Breakfast
and Other Food Facts,"' a story on
campus menus.
All dressed up in a new red and
white cover, the October issue cf the
Stanford Illustrated Review will ap
pear on the campus tomorrow, ac
cording to Mrs. Carol Green Wilson,
editor.
Formerly the covers have been all
white but it is the plan to have them
red and white for this volume.
Changes have been made in the con
tents also to provide a more diverse
type of stories.
The most interesting features this
month, to the present Stanford stu
dents, are: '"As Bill Leiser Sees It
for Stanford," which is a football
story pertaining to Stanford's
chances; and ''Toast for Breakfast
and Other Food Facts,"' a story on
campus menus.
All dressed up in a new red and
white cover, the October issue cf the
Stanford Illustrated Review will ap
pear on the campus tomorrow, ac
cording to Mrs. Carol Green Wilson,
editor.
Formerly the covers have been all
white but it is the plan to have them
red and white for this volume.
Changes have been made in the con
tents also to provide a more diverse
type of stories.
The most interesting features this
month, to the present Stanford stu
dents, are: '"As Bill Leiser Sees It
for Stanford," which is a football
story pertaining to Stanford's
chances; and ''Toast for Breakfast
and Other Food Facts,"' a story on
campus menus.
All dressed up in a new red and
white cover, the October issue cf the
Stanford Illustrated Review will ap
pear on the campus tomorrow, ac
cording to Mrs. Carol Green Wilson,
editor.
Formerly the covers have been all
white but it is the plan to have them
red and white for this volume.
Changes have been made in the con
tents also to provide a more diverse
type of stories.
The most interesting features this
month, to the present Stanford stu
dents, are: '"As Bill Leiser Sees It
for Stanford," which is a football
story pertaining to Stanford's
chances; and ''Toast for Breakfast
and Other Food Facts,"' a story on
campus menus.
All dressed up in a new red and
white cover, the October issue cf the
Stanford Illustrated Review will ap
pear on the campus tomorrow, ac
cording to Mrs. Carol Green Wilson,
editor.
Formerly the covers have been all
white but it is the plan to have them
red and white for this volume.
Changes have been made in the con
tents also to provide a more diverse
type of stories.
The most interesting features this
month, to the present Stanford stu
dents, are: '"As Bill Leiser Sees It
for Stanford," which is a football
story pertaining to Stanford's
chances; and ''Toast for Breakfast
and Other Food Facts,"' a story on
campus menus.
All dressed up in a new red and
white cover, the October issue cf the
Stanford Illustrated Review will ap
pear on the campus tomorrow, ac
cording to Mrs. Carol Green Wilson,
editor.
Formerly the covers have been all
white but it is the plan to have them
red and white for this volume.
Changes have been made in the con
tents also to provide a more diverse
type of stories.
The most interesting features this
month, to the present Stanford stu
dents, are: '"As Bill Leiser Sees It
for Stanford," which is a football
story pertaining to Stanford's
chances; and ''Toast for Breakfast
and Other Food Facts,"' a story on
campus menus.
All dressed up in a new red and
white cover, the October issue cf the
Stanford Illustrated Review will ap
pear on the campus tomorrow, ac
cording to Mrs. Carol Green Wilson,
editor.
Formerly the covers have been all
white but it is the plan to have them
red and white for this volume.
Changes have been made in the con
tents also to provide a more diverse
type of stories.
The most interesting features this
month, to the present Stanford stu
dents, are: '"As Bill Leiser Sees It
for Stanford," which is a football
story pertaining to Stanford's
chances; and ''Toast for Breakfast
and Other Food Facts,"' a story on
campus menus.
All dressed up in a new red and
white cover, the October issue cf the
Stanford Illustrated Review will ap
pear on the campus tomorrow, ac
cording to Mrs. Carol Green Wilson,
editor.
Formerly the covers have been all
white but it is the plan to have them
red and white for this volume.
Changes have been made in the con
tents also to provide a more diverse
type of stories.
The most interesting features this
month, to the present Stanford stu
dents, are: '"As Bill Leiser Sees It
for Stanford," which is a football
story pertaining to Stanford's
chances; and ''Toast for Breakfast
and Other Food Facts,"' a story on
campus menus.
All dressed up in a new red and
white cover, the October issue cf the
Stanford Illustrated Review will ap
pear on the campus tomorrow, ac
cording to Mrs. Carol Green Wilson,
editor.
Formerly the covers have been all
white but it is the plan to have them
red and white for this volume.
Changes have been made in the con
tents also to provide a more diverse
type of stories.
The most interesting features this
month, to the present Stanford stu
dents, are: '"As Bill Leiser Sees It
for Stanford," which is a football
story pertaining to Stanford's
chances; and ''Toast for Breakfast
and Other Food Facts,"' a story on
campus menus.
All dressed up in a new red and
white cover, the October issue cf the
Stanford Illustrated Review will ap
pear on the campus tomorrow, ac
cording to Mrs. Carol Green Wilson,
editor.
Formerly the covers have been all
white but it is the plan to have them
red and white for this volume.
Changes have been made in the con
tents also to provide a more diverse
type of stories.
The most interesting features this
month, to the present Stanford stu
dents, are: '"As Bill Leiser Sees It
for Stanford," which is a football
story pertaining to Stanford's
chances; and ''Toast for Breakfast
and Other Food Facts,"' a story on
campus menus.
All dressed up in a new red and
white cover, the October issue cf the
Stanford Illustrated Review will ap
pear on the campus tomorrow, ac
cording to Mrs. Carol Green Wilson,
editor.
Formerly the covers have been all
white but it is the plan to have them
red and white for this volume.
Changes have been made in the con
tents also to provide a more diverse
type of stories.
The most interesting features this
month, to the present Stanford stu
dents, are: '"As Bill Leiser Sees It
for Stanford," which is a football
story pertaining to Stanford's
chances; and ''Toast for Breakfast
and Other Food Facts,"' a story on
campus menus.
All dressed up in a new red and
white cover, the October issue cf the
Stanford Illustrated Review will ap
pear on the campus tomorrow, ac
cording to Mrs. Carol Green Wilson,
editor.
Formerly the covers have been all
white but it is the plan to have them
red and white for this volume.
Changes have been made in the con
tents also to provide a more diverse
type of stories.
The most interesting features this
month, to the present Stanford stu
dents, are: '"As Bill Leiser Sees It
for Stanford," which is a football
story pertaining to Stanford's
chances; and ''Toast for Breakfast
and Other Food Facts,"' a story on
campus menus.
All dressed up in a new red and
white cover, the October issue cf the
Stanford Illustrated Review will ap
pear on the campus tomorrow, ac
cording to Mrs. Carol Green Wilson,
editor.
Formerly the covers have been all
white but it is the plan to have them
red and white for this volume.
Changes have been made in the con
tents also to provide a more diverse
type of stories.
The most interesting features this
month, to the present Stanford stu
dents, are: '"As Bill Leiser Sees It
for Stanford," which is a football
story pertaining to Stanford's
chances; and ''Toast for Breakfast
and Other Food Facts,"' a story on
campus menus.
All dressed up in a new red and
white cover, the October issue cf the
Stanford Illustrated Review will ap
pear on the campus tomorrow, ac
cording to Mrs. Carol Green Wilson,
editor.
Formerly the covers have been all
white but it is the plan to have them
red and white for this volume.
Changes have been made in the con
tents also to provide a more diverse
type of stories.
The most interesting features this
month, to the present Stanford stu
dents, are: '"As Bill Leiser Sees It
for Stanford," which is a football
story pertaining to Stanford's
chances; and ''Toast for Breakfast
and Other Food Facts,"' a story on
campus menus.
All dressed up in a new red and
white cover, the October issue cf the
Stanford Illustrated Review will ap
pear on the campus tomorrow, ac
cording to Mrs. Carol Green Wilson,
editor.
Formerly the covers have been all
white but it is the plan to have them
red and white for this volume.
Changes have been made in the con
tents also to provide a more diverse
type of stories.
The most interesting features this
month, to the present Stanford stu
dents, are: '"As Bill Leiser Sees It
for Stanford," which is a football
story pertaining to Stanford's
chances; and ''Toast for Breakfast
and Other Food Facts,"' a story on
campus menus.
