# EL CAMPO MEMBERS
## 
### 
El Campo announces the member
ships of Wilson Footer, '36, Russ
Moyse, '37, and Bill Moffat, '37.

Results of experiments in trans
portation from Purdue University
are exhibited at Chicago's World's
Fair.
El Campo announces the member
ships of Wilson Footer, '36, Russ
Moyse, '37, and Bill Moffat, '37.

Results of experiments in trans
portation from Purdue University
are exhibited at Chicago's World's
Fair.
El Campo announces the member
ships of Wilson Footer, '36, Russ
Moyse, '37, and Bill Moffat, '37.

Results of experiments in trans
portation from Purdue University
are exhibited at Chicago's World's
Fair.
El Campo announces the member
ships of Wilson Footer, '36, Russ
Moyse, '37, and Bill Moffat, '37.

Results of experiments in trans
portation from Purdue University
are exhibited at Chicago's World's
Fair.
El Campo announces the member
ships of Wilson Footer, '36, Russ
Moyse, '37, and Bill Moffat, '37.

Results of experiments in trans
portation from Purdue University
are exhibited at Chicago's World's
Fair.
El Campo announces the member
ships of Wilson Footer, '36, Russ
Moyse, '37, and Bill Moffat, '37.

Results of experiments in trans
portation from Purdue University
are exhibited at Chicago's World's
Fair.
El Campo announces the member
ships of Wilson Footer, '36, Russ
Moyse, '37, and Bill Moffat, '37.

Results of experiments in trans
portation from Purdue University
are exhibited at Chicago's World's
Fair.
El Campo announces the member
ships of Wilson Footer, '36, Russ
Moyse, '37, and Bill Moffat, '37.

Results of experiments in trans
portation from Purdue University
are exhibited at Chicago's World's
Fair.
El Campo announces the member
ships of Wilson Footer, '36, Russ
Moyse, '37, and Bill Moffat, '37.

Results of experiments in trans
portation from Purdue University
are exhibited at Chicago's World's
Fair.
El Campo announces the member
ships of Wilson Footer, '36, Russ
Moyse, '37, and Bill Moffat, '37.

Results of experiments in trans
portation from Purdue University
are exhibited at Chicago's World's
Fair.
El Campo announces the member
ships of Wilson Footer, '36, Russ
Moyse, '37, and Bill Moffat, '37.

Results of experiments in trans
portation from Purdue University
are exhibited at Chicago's World's
Fair.
El Campo announces the member
ships of Wilson Footer, '36, Russ
Moyse, '37, and Bill Moffat, '37.

Results of experiments in trans
portation from Purdue University
are exhibited at Chicago's World's
Fair.
El Campo announces the member
ships of Wilson Footer, '36, Russ
Moyse, '37, and Bill Moffat, '37.

Results of experiments in trans
portation from Purdue University
are exhibited at Chicago's World's
Fair.
El Campo announces the member
ships of Wilson Footer, '36, Russ
Moyse, '37, and Bill Moffat, '37.

Results of experiments in trans
portation from Purdue University
are exhibited at Chicago's World's
Fair.
El Campo announces the member
ships of Wilson Footer, '36, Russ
Moyse, '37, and Bill Moffat, '37.

Results of experiments in trans
portation from Purdue University
are exhibited at Chicago's World's
Fair.
