# HAUPTMANN CRIME MAP
## 
### 

District Attorney Samuel Foley of Bronx county New York, is
shown here examining the map of the bill section in New Jersey,
where the Lindbergh baby was kidnapped and slain. The map was
found in the effects of Ilauptmann. (Associated Press photo.)

District Attorney Samuel Foley of Bronx county New York, is
shown here examining the map of the bill section in New Jersey,
where the Lindbergh baby was kidnapped and slain. The map was
found in the effects of Ilauptmann. (Associated Press photo.)

District Attorney Samuel Foley of Bronx county New York, is
shown here examining the map of the bill section in New Jersey,
where the Lindbergh baby was kidnapped and slain. The map was
found in the effects of Ilauptmann. (Associated Press photo.)

District Attorney Samuel Foley of Bronx county New York, is
shown here examining the map of the bill section in New Jersey,
where the Lindbergh baby was kidnapped and slain. The map was
found in the effects of Ilauptmann. (Associated Press photo.)

District Attorney Samuel Foley of Bronx county New York, is
shown here examining the map of the bill section in New Jersey,
where the Lindbergh baby was kidnapped and slain. The map was
found in the effects of Ilauptmann. (Associated Press photo.)

District Attorney Samuel Foley of Bronx county New York, is
shown here examining the map of the bill section in New Jersey,
where the Lindbergh baby was kidnapped and slain. The map was
found in the effects of Ilauptmann. (Associated Press photo.)

District Attorney Samuel Foley of Bronx county New York, is
shown here examining the map of the bill section in New Jersey,
where the Lindbergh baby was kidnapped and slain. The map was
found in the effects of Ilauptmann. (Associated Press photo.)

District Attorney Samuel Foley of Bronx county New York, is
shown here examining the map of the bill section in New Jersey,
where the Lindbergh baby was kidnapped and slain. The map was
found in the effects of Ilauptmann. (Associated Press photo.)

District Attorney Samuel Foley of Bronx county New York, is
shown here examining the map of the bill section in New Jersey,
where the Lindbergh baby was kidnapped and slain. The map was
found in the effects of Ilauptmann. (Associated Press photo.)

District Attorney Samuel Foley of Bronx county New York, is
shown here examining the map of the bill section in New Jersey,
where the Lindbergh baby was kidnapped and slain. The map was
found in the effects of Ilauptmann. (Associated Press photo.)

District Attorney Samuel Foley of Bronx county New York, is
shown here examining the map of the bill section in New Jersey,
where the Lindbergh baby was kidnapped and slain. The map was
found in the effects of Ilauptmann. (Associated Press photo.)

District Attorney Samuel Foley of Bronx county New York, is
shown here examining the map of the bill section in New Jersey,
where the Lindbergh baby was kidnapped and slain. The map was
found in the effects of Ilauptmann. (Associated Press photo.)

District Attorney Samuel Foley of Bronx county New York, is
shown here examining the map of the bill section in New Jersey,
where the Lindbergh baby was kidnapped and slain. The map was
found in the effects of Ilauptmann. (Associated Press photo.)

District Attorney Samuel Foley of Bronx county New York, is
shown here examining the map of the bill section in New Jersey,
where the Lindbergh baby was kidnapped and slain. The map was
found in the effects of Ilauptmann. (Associated Press photo.)

District Attorney Samuel Foley of Bronx county New York, is
shown here examining the map of the bill section in New Jersey,
where the Lindbergh baby was kidnapped and slain. The map was
found in the effects of Ilauptmann. (Associated Press photo.)
