# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Doris Dodson
Junior Dresses
YOURS FOR A
LOVELY EASTER
See them today in our
junior Department
6.50 7.95 10.95
SIZES 11 TO 17
\yal ster;s
35? University Phone 4114
Doris Dodson
Junior Dresses
YOURS FOR A
LOVELY EASTER
See them today in our
junior Department
6.50 7.95 10.95
SIZES 11 TO 17
\yal ster;s
35? University Phone 4114
Doris Dodson
Junior Dresses
YOURS FOR A
LOVELY EASTER
See them today in our
junior Department
6.50 7.95 10.95
SIZES 11 TO 17
\yal ster;s
35? University Phone 4114
Doris Dodson
Junior Dresses
YOURS FOR A
LOVELY EASTER
See them today in our
junior Department
6.50 7.95 10.95
SIZES 11 TO 17
\yal ster;s
35? University Phone 4114
Doris Dodson
Junior Dresses
YOURS FOR A
LOVELY EASTER
See them today in our
junior Department
6.50 7.95 10.95
SIZES 11 TO 17
\yal ster;s
35? University Phone 4114
Doris Dodson
Junior Dresses
YOURS FOR A
LOVELY EASTER
See them today in our
junior Department
6.50 7.95 10.95
SIZES 11 TO 17
\yal ster;s
35? University Phone 4114
Doris Dodson
Junior Dresses
YOURS FOR A
LOVELY EASTER
See them today in our
junior Department
6.50 7.95 10.95
SIZES 11 TO 17
\yal ster;s
35? University Phone 4114
Doris Dodson
Junior Dresses
YOURS FOR A
LOVELY EASTER
See them today in our
junior Department
6.50 7.95 10.95
SIZES 11 TO 17
\yal ster;s
35? University Phone 4114
Doris Dodson
Junior Dresses
YOURS FOR A
LOVELY EASTER
See them today in our
junior Department
6.50 7.95 10.95
SIZES 11 TO 17
\yal ster;s
35? University Phone 4114
Doris Dodson
Junior Dresses
YOURS FOR A
LOVELY EASTER
See them today in our
junior Department
6.50 7.95 10.95
SIZES 11 TO 17
\yal ster;s
35? University Phone 4114
Doris Dodson
Junior Dresses
YOURS FOR A
LOVELY EASTER
See them today in our
junior Department
6.50 7.95 10.95
SIZES 11 TO 17
\yal ster;s
35? University Phone 4114
Doris Dodson
Junior Dresses
YOURS FOR A
LOVELY EASTER
See them today in our
junior Department
6.50 7.95 10.95
SIZES 11 TO 17
\yal ster;s
35? University Phone 4114
Doris Dodson
Junior Dresses
YOURS FOR A
LOVELY EASTER
See them today in our
junior Department
6.50 7.95 10.95
SIZES 11 TO 17
\yal ster;s
35? University Phone 4114
Doris Dodson
Junior Dresses
YOURS FOR A
LOVELY EASTER
See them today in our
junior Department
6.50 7.95 10.95
SIZES 11 TO 17
\yal ster;s
35? University Phone 4114
Doris Dodson
Junior Dresses
YOURS FOR A
LOVELY EASTER
See them today in our
junior Department
6.50 7.95 10.95
SIZES 11 TO 17
\yal ster;s
35? University Phone 4114
Doris Dodson
Junior Dresses
YOURS FOR A
LOVELY EASTER
See them today in our
junior Department
6.50 7.95 10.95
SIZES 11 TO 17
\yal ster;s
35? University Phone 4114
Doris Dodson
Junior Dresses
YOURS FOR A
LOVELY EASTER
See them today in our
junior Department
6.50 7.95 10.95
SIZES 11 TO 17
\yal ster;s
35? University Phone 4114
Doris Dodson
Junior Dresses
YOURS FOR A
LOVELY EASTER
See them today in our
junior Department
6.50 7.95 10.95
SIZES 11 TO 17
\yal ster;s
35? University Phone 4114
