# Missoula-Wallace Service Cancelled
## 
### 
WALLACE, Ida., April 6 (UP). —
Northern Pacific Railway officials
said today Ihey would abandon pas
senger service between Wallace and
Missoula, Mont., following acquies
cence of the Montana Board of Rail
road Commissioners.
The service was begun in 1891.
Freight service between the two
cities will be expanded, compnay
officials said.
WALLACE, Ida., April 6 (UP). —
Northern Pacific Railway officials
said today Ihey would abandon pas
senger service between Wallace and
Missoula, Mont., following acquies
cence of the Montana Board of Rail
road Commissioners.
The service was begun in 1891.
Freight service between the two
cities will be expanded, compnay
officials said.
WALLACE, Ida., April 6 (UP). —
Northern Pacific Railway officials
said today Ihey would abandon pas
senger service between Wallace and
Missoula, Mont., following acquies
cence of the Montana Board of Rail
road Commissioners.
The service was begun in 1891.
Freight service between the two
cities will be expanded, compnay
officials said.
WALLACE, Ida., April 6 (UP). —
Northern Pacific Railway officials
said today Ihey would abandon pas
senger service between Wallace and
Missoula, Mont., following acquies
cence of the Montana Board of Rail
road Commissioners.
The service was begun in 1891.
Freight service between the two
cities will be expanded, compnay
officials said.
WALLACE, Ida., April 6 (UP). —
Northern Pacific Railway officials
said today Ihey would abandon pas
senger service between Wallace and
Missoula, Mont., following acquies
cence of the Montana Board of Rail
road Commissioners.
The service was begun in 1891.
Freight service between the two
cities will be expanded, compnay
officials said.
WALLACE, Ida., April 6 (UP). —
Northern Pacific Railway officials
said today Ihey would abandon pas
senger service between Wallace and
Missoula, Mont., following acquies
cence of the Montana Board of Rail
road Commissioners.
The service was begun in 1891.
Freight service between the two
cities will be expanded, compnay
officials said.
WALLACE, Ida., April 6 (UP). —
Northern Pacific Railway officials
said today Ihey would abandon pas
senger service between Wallace and
Missoula, Mont., following acquies
cence of the Montana Board of Rail
road Commissioners.
The service was begun in 1891.
Freight service between the two
cities will be expanded, compnay
officials said.
WALLACE, Ida., April 6 (UP). —
Northern Pacific Railway officials
said today Ihey would abandon pas
senger service between Wallace and
Missoula, Mont., following acquies
cence of the Montana Board of Rail
road Commissioners.
The service was begun in 1891.
Freight service between the two
cities will be expanded, compnay
officials said.
WALLACE, Ida., April 6 (UP). —
Northern Pacific Railway officials
said today Ihey would abandon pas
senger service between Wallace and
Missoula, Mont., following acquies
cence of the Montana Board of Rail
road Commissioners.
The service was begun in 1891.
Freight service between the two
cities will be expanded, compnay
officials said.
WALLACE, Ida., April 6 (UP). —
Northern Pacific Railway officials
said today Ihey would abandon pas
senger service between Wallace and
Missoula, Mont., following acquies
cence of the Montana Board of Rail
road Commissioners.
The service was begun in 1891.
Freight service between the two
cities will be expanded, compnay
officials said.
WALLACE, Ida., April 6 (UP). —
Northern Pacific Railway officials
said today Ihey would abandon pas
senger service between Wallace and
Missoula, Mont., following acquies
cence of the Montana Board of Rail
road Commissioners.
The service was begun in 1891.
Freight service between the two
cities will be expanded, compnay
officials said.
WALLACE, Ida., April 6 (UP). —
Northern Pacific Railway officials
said today Ihey would abandon pas
senger service between Wallace and
Missoula, Mont., following acquies
cence of the Montana Board of Rail
road Commissioners.
The service was begun in 1891.
Freight service between the two
cities will be expanded, compnay
officials said.
WALLACE, Ida., April 6 (UP). —
Northern Pacific Railway officials
said today Ihey would abandon pas
senger service between Wallace and
Missoula, Mont., following acquies
cence of the Montana Board of Rail
road Commissioners.
The service was begun in 1891.
Freight service between the two
cities will be expanded, compnay
officials said.
WALLACE, Ida., April 6 (UP). —
Northern Pacific Railway officials
said today Ihey would abandon pas
senger service between Wallace and
Missoula, Mont., following acquies
cence of the Montana Board of Rail
road Commissioners.
The service was begun in 1891.
Freight service between the two
cities will be expanded, compnay
officials said.
WALLACE, Ida., April 6 (UP). —
Northern Pacific Railway officials
said today Ihey would abandon pas
senger service between Wallace and
Missoula, Mont., following acquies
cence of the Montana Board of Rail
road Commissioners.
The service was begun in 1891.
Freight service between the two
cities will be expanded, compnay
officials said.
WALLACE, Ida., April 6 (UP). —
Northern Pacific Railway officials
said today Ihey would abandon pas
senger service between Wallace and
Missoula, Mont., following acquies
cence of the Montana Board of Rail
road Commissioners.
The service was begun in 1891.
Freight service between the two
cities will be expanded, compnay
officials said.
WALLACE, Ida., April 6 (UP). —
Northern Pacific Railway officials
said today Ihey would abandon pas
senger service between Wallace and
Missoula, Mont., following acquies
cence of the Montana Board of Rail
road Commissioners.
The service was begun in 1891.
Freight service between the two
cities will be expanded, compnay
officials said.
WALLACE, Ida., April 6 (UP). —
Northern Pacific Railway officials
said today Ihey would abandon pas
senger service between Wallace and
Missoula, Mont., following acquies
cence of the Montana Board of Rail
road Commissioners.
The service was begun in 1891.
Freight service between the two
cities will be expanded, compnay
officials said.
