# Untitled Article
## 
### 
For editorial comment on the re
cent contradictory actions of Mr.
Hershey, see "About Face!" on
page 4.
For editorial comment on the re
cent contradictory actions of Mr.
Hershey, see "About Face!" on
page 4.
For editorial comment on the re
cent contradictory actions of Mr.
Hershey, see "About Face!" on
page 4.
For editorial comment on the re
cent contradictory actions of Mr.
Hershey, see "About Face!" on
page 4.
For editorial comment on the re
cent contradictory actions of Mr.
Hershey, see "About Face!" on
page 4.
For editorial comment on the re
cent contradictory actions of Mr.
Hershey, see "About Face!" on
page 4.
For editorial comment on the re
cent contradictory actions of Mr.
Hershey, see "About Face!" on
page 4.
For editorial comment on the re
cent contradictory actions of Mr.
Hershey, see "About Face!" on
page 4.
For editorial comment on the re
cent contradictory actions of Mr.
Hershey, see "About Face!" on
page 4.
For editorial comment on the re
cent contradictory actions of Mr.
Hershey, see "About Face!" on
page 4.
For editorial comment on the re
cent contradictory actions of Mr.
Hershey, see "About Face!" on
page 4.
For editorial comment on the re
cent contradictory actions of Mr.
Hershey, see "About Face!" on
page 4.
For editorial comment on the re
cent contradictory actions of Mr.
Hershey, see "About Face!" on
page 4.
For editorial comment on the re
cent contradictory actions of Mr.
Hershey, see "About Face!" on
page 4.
For editorial comment on the re
cent contradictory actions of Mr.
Hershey, see "About Face!" on
page 4.
For editorial comment on the re
cent contradictory actions of Mr.
Hershey, see "About Face!" on
page 4.
For editorial comment on the re
cent contradictory actions of Mr.
Hershey, see "About Face!" on
page 4.
For editorial comment on the re
cent contradictory actions of Mr.
Hershey, see "About Face!" on
page 4.
