# LOOKS AHEAD TO NET TITLE
## 
### 

DAN FARMER, San Francisco State tennis coach, is counting his
chickcns before they are hatched as lie admires the trophy he hopes
his team will win in the Northern California Association conference
ccinpctitien. Trailing the San Franciscans were San Jose State. lTni
veisity of Son Francisco, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's. Competition
will last through April.

DAN FARMER, San Francisco State tennis coach, is counting his
chickcns before they are hatched as lie admires the trophy he hopes
his team will win in the Northern California Association conference
ccinpctitien. Trailing the San Franciscans were San Jose State. lTni
veisity of Son Francisco, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's. Competition
will last through April.

DAN FARMER, San Francisco State tennis coach, is counting his
chickcns before they are hatched as lie admires the trophy he hopes
his team will win in the Northern California Association conference
ccinpctitien. Trailing the San Franciscans were San Jose State. lTni
veisity of Son Francisco, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's. Competition
will last through April.

DAN FARMER, San Francisco State tennis coach, is counting his
chickcns before they are hatched as lie admires the trophy he hopes
his team will win in the Northern California Association conference
ccinpctitien. Trailing the San Franciscans were San Jose State. lTni
veisity of Son Francisco, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's. Competition
will last through April.

DAN FARMER, San Francisco State tennis coach, is counting his
chickcns before they are hatched as lie admires the trophy he hopes
his team will win in the Northern California Association conference
ccinpctitien. Trailing the San Franciscans were San Jose State. lTni
veisity of Son Francisco, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's. Competition
will last through April.

DAN FARMER, San Francisco State tennis coach, is counting his
chickcns before they are hatched as lie admires the trophy he hopes
his team will win in the Northern California Association conference
ccinpctitien. Trailing the San Franciscans were San Jose State. lTni
veisity of Son Francisco, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's. Competition
will last through April.

DAN FARMER, San Francisco State tennis coach, is counting his
chickcns before they are hatched as lie admires the trophy he hopes
his team will win in the Northern California Association conference
ccinpctitien. Trailing the San Franciscans were San Jose State. lTni
veisity of Son Francisco, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's. Competition
will last through April.

DAN FARMER, San Francisco State tennis coach, is counting his
chickcns before they are hatched as lie admires the trophy he hopes
his team will win in the Northern California Association conference
ccinpctitien. Trailing the San Franciscans were San Jose State. lTni
veisity of Son Francisco, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's. Competition
will last through April.

DAN FARMER, San Francisco State tennis coach, is counting his
chickcns before they are hatched as lie admires the trophy he hopes
his team will win in the Northern California Association conference
ccinpctitien. Trailing the San Franciscans were San Jose State. lTni
veisity of Son Francisco, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's. Competition
will last through April.

DAN FARMER, San Francisco State tennis coach, is counting his
chickcns before they are hatched as lie admires the trophy he hopes
his team will win in the Northern California Association conference
ccinpctitien. Trailing the San Franciscans were San Jose State. lTni
veisity of Son Francisco, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's. Competition
will last through April.

DAN FARMER, San Francisco State tennis coach, is counting his
chickcns before they are hatched as lie admires the trophy he hopes
his team will win in the Northern California Association conference
ccinpctitien. Trailing the San Franciscans were San Jose State. lTni
veisity of Son Francisco, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's. Competition
will last through April.

DAN FARMER, San Francisco State tennis coach, is counting his
chickcns before they are hatched as lie admires the trophy he hopes
his team will win in the Northern California Association conference
ccinpctitien. Trailing the San Franciscans were San Jose State. lTni
veisity of Son Francisco, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's. Competition
will last through April.

DAN FARMER, San Francisco State tennis coach, is counting his
chickcns before they are hatched as lie admires the trophy he hopes
his team will win in the Northern California Association conference
ccinpctitien. Trailing the San Franciscans were San Jose State. lTni
veisity of Son Francisco, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's. Competition
will last through April.

DAN FARMER, San Francisco State tennis coach, is counting his
chickcns before they are hatched as lie admires the trophy he hopes
his team will win in the Northern California Association conference
ccinpctitien. Trailing the San Franciscans were San Jose State. lTni
veisity of Son Francisco, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's. Competition
will last through April.

DAN FARMER, San Francisco State tennis coach, is counting his
chickcns before they are hatched as lie admires the trophy he hopes
his team will win in the Northern California Association conference
ccinpctitien. Trailing the San Franciscans were San Jose State. lTni
veisity of Son Francisco, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's. Competition
will last through April.

DAN FARMER, San Francisco State tennis coach, is counting his
chickcns before they are hatched as lie admires the trophy he hopes
his team will win in the Northern California Association conference
ccinpctitien. Trailing the San Franciscans were San Jose State. lTni
veisity of Son Francisco, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's. Competition
will last through April.

DAN FARMER, San Francisco State tennis coach, is counting his
chickcns before they are hatched as lie admires the trophy he hopes
his team will win in the Northern California Association conference
ccinpctitien. Trailing the San Franciscans were San Jose State. lTni
veisity of Son Francisco, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's. Competition
will last through April.

DAN FARMER, San Francisco State tennis coach, is counting his
chickcns before they are hatched as lie admires the trophy he hopes
his team will win in the Northern California Association conference
ccinpctitien. Trailing the San Franciscans were San Jose State. lTni
veisity of Son Francisco, Santa Clara, and St. Mary's. Competition
will last through April.
