# Untitled Article
## 
### 

JESSE CONE, Stanford's out
standing sophomore guard, played
his usual inspirational game Sat
urday as Stanford tied Santa
Clara, 7 to 7. Cone has been
described by Coach Marchie
Schwartz as the Indians' most
consistent lineman all season.

JESSE CONE, Stanford's out
standing sophomore guard, played
his usual inspirational game Sat
urday as Stanford tied Santa
Clara, 7 to 7. Cone has been
described by Coach Marchie
Schwartz as the Indians' most
consistent lineman all season.

JESSE CONE, Stanford's out
standing sophomore guard, played
his usual inspirational game Sat
urday as Stanford tied Santa
Clara, 7 to 7. Cone has been
described by Coach Marchie
Schwartz as the Indians' most
consistent lineman all season.

JESSE CONE, Stanford's out
standing sophomore guard, played
his usual inspirational game Sat
urday as Stanford tied Santa
Clara, 7 to 7. Cone has been
described by Coach Marchie
Schwartz as the Indians' most
consistent lineman all season.

JESSE CONE, Stanford's out
standing sophomore guard, played
his usual inspirational game Sat
urday as Stanford tied Santa
Clara, 7 to 7. Cone has been
described by Coach Marchie
Schwartz as the Indians' most
consistent lineman all season.

JESSE CONE, Stanford's out
standing sophomore guard, played
his usual inspirational game Sat
urday as Stanford tied Santa
Clara, 7 to 7. Cone has been
described by Coach Marchie
Schwartz as the Indians' most
consistent lineman all season.

JESSE CONE, Stanford's out
standing sophomore guard, played
his usual inspirational game Sat
urday as Stanford tied Santa
Clara, 7 to 7. Cone has been
described by Coach Marchie
Schwartz as the Indians' most
consistent lineman all season.

JESSE CONE, Stanford's out
standing sophomore guard, played
his usual inspirational game Sat
urday as Stanford tied Santa
Clara, 7 to 7. Cone has been
described by Coach Marchie
Schwartz as the Indians' most
consistent lineman all season.

JESSE CONE, Stanford's out
standing sophomore guard, played
his usual inspirational game Sat
urday as Stanford tied Santa
Clara, 7 to 7. Cone has been
described by Coach Marchie
Schwartz as the Indians' most
consistent lineman all season.

JESSE CONE, Stanford's out
standing sophomore guard, played
his usual inspirational game Sat
urday as Stanford tied Santa
Clara, 7 to 7. Cone has been
described by Coach Marchie
Schwartz as the Indians' most
consistent lineman all season.

JESSE CONE, Stanford's out
standing sophomore guard, played
his usual inspirational game Sat
urday as Stanford tied Santa
Clara, 7 to 7. Cone has been
described by Coach Marchie
Schwartz as the Indians' most
consistent lineman all season.

JESSE CONE, Stanford's out
standing sophomore guard, played
his usual inspirational game Sat
urday as Stanford tied Santa
Clara, 7 to 7. Cone has been
described by Coach Marchie
Schwartz as the Indians' most
consistent lineman all season.

JESSE CONE, Stanford's out
standing sophomore guard, played
his usual inspirational game Sat
urday as Stanford tied Santa
Clara, 7 to 7. Cone has been
described by Coach Marchie
Schwartz as the Indians' most
consistent lineman all season.

JESSE CONE, Stanford's out
standing sophomore guard, played
his usual inspirational game Sat
urday as Stanford tied Santa
Clara, 7 to 7. Cone has been
described by Coach Marchie
Schwartz as the Indians' most
consistent lineman all season.

JESSE CONE, Stanford's out
standing sophomore guard, played
his usual inspirational game Sat
urday as Stanford tied Santa
Clara, 7 to 7. Cone has been
described by Coach Marchie
Schwartz as the Indians' most
consistent lineman all season.

JESSE CONE, Stanford's out
standing sophomore guard, played
his usual inspirational game Sat
urday as Stanford tied Santa
Clara, 7 to 7. Cone has been
described by Coach Marchie
Schwartz as the Indians' most
consistent lineman all season.
