# International Club To Eat Latin Meal
## 
### 
The International Club at its an
nual regular meeting April 15 will
celebrate Pan-America Day in co
operation with the Office of Pan
American Relations at Stanford. A
Latin American dinner will be served
at 6 o'clock.
People who plan to attend the din
ner must sign up today at the Office
of Pan American Relations. If any
one wants transportation cars will
be waiting at the Cellar at 5:45.
The International Club at its an
nual regular meeting April 15 will
celebrate Pan-America Day in co
operation with the Office of Pan
American Relations at Stanford. A
Latin American dinner will be served
at 6 o'clock.
People who plan to attend the din
ner must sign up today at the Office
of Pan American Relations. If any
one wants transportation cars will
be waiting at the Cellar at 5:45.
The International Club at its an
nual regular meeting April 15 will
celebrate Pan-America Day in co
operation with the Office of Pan
American Relations at Stanford. A
Latin American dinner will be served
at 6 o'clock.
People who plan to attend the din
ner must sign up today at the Office
of Pan American Relations. If any
one wants transportation cars will
be waiting at the Cellar at 5:45.
The International Club at its an
nual regular meeting April 15 will
celebrate Pan-America Day in co
operation with the Office of Pan
American Relations at Stanford. A
Latin American dinner will be served
at 6 o'clock.
People who plan to attend the din
ner must sign up today at the Office
of Pan American Relations. If any
one wants transportation cars will
be waiting at the Cellar at 5:45.
The International Club at its an
nual regular meeting April 15 will
celebrate Pan-America Day in co
operation with the Office of Pan
American Relations at Stanford. A
Latin American dinner will be served
at 6 o'clock.
People who plan to attend the din
ner must sign up today at the Office
of Pan American Relations. If any
one wants transportation cars will
be waiting at the Cellar at 5:45.
The International Club at its an
nual regular meeting April 15 will
celebrate Pan-America Day in co
operation with the Office of Pan
American Relations at Stanford. A
Latin American dinner will be served
at 6 o'clock.
People who plan to attend the din
ner must sign up today at the Office
of Pan American Relations. If any
one wants transportation cars will
be waiting at the Cellar at 5:45.
The International Club at its an
nual regular meeting April 15 will
celebrate Pan-America Day in co
operation with the Office of Pan
American Relations at Stanford. A
Latin American dinner will be served
at 6 o'clock.
People who plan to attend the din
ner must sign up today at the Office
of Pan American Relations. If any
one wants transportation cars will
be waiting at the Cellar at 5:45.
The International Club at its an
nual regular meeting April 15 will
celebrate Pan-America Day in co
operation with the Office of Pan
American Relations at Stanford. A
Latin American dinner will be served
at 6 o'clock.
People who plan to attend the din
ner must sign up today at the Office
of Pan American Relations. If any
one wants transportation cars will
be waiting at the Cellar at 5:45.
The International Club at its an
nual regular meeting April 15 will
celebrate Pan-America Day in co
operation with the Office of Pan
American Relations at Stanford. A
Latin American dinner will be served
at 6 o'clock.
People who plan to attend the din
ner must sign up today at the Office
of Pan American Relations. If any
one wants transportation cars will
be waiting at the Cellar at 5:45.
The International Club at its an
nual regular meeting April 15 will
celebrate Pan-America Day in co
operation with the Office of Pan
American Relations at Stanford. A
Latin American dinner will be served
at 6 o'clock.
People who plan to attend the din
ner must sign up today at the Office
of Pan American Relations. If any
one wants transportation cars will
be waiting at the Cellar at 5:45.
The International Club at its an
nual regular meeting April 15 will
celebrate Pan-America Day in co
operation with the Office of Pan
American Relations at Stanford. A
Latin American dinner will be served
at 6 o'clock.
People who plan to attend the din
ner must sign up today at the Office
of Pan American Relations. If any
one wants transportation cars will
be waiting at the Cellar at 5:45.
The International Club at its an
nual regular meeting April 15 will
celebrate Pan-America Day in co
operation with the Office of Pan
American Relations at Stanford. A
Latin American dinner will be served
at 6 o'clock.
People who plan to attend the din
ner must sign up today at the Office
of Pan American Relations. If any
one wants transportation cars will
be waiting at the Cellar at 5:45.
The International Club at its an
nual regular meeting April 15 will
celebrate Pan-America Day in co
operation with the Office of Pan
American Relations at Stanford. A
Latin American dinner will be served
at 6 o'clock.
People who plan to attend the din
ner must sign up today at the Office
of Pan American Relations. If any
one wants transportation cars will
be waiting at the Cellar at 5:45.
The International Club at its an
nual regular meeting April 15 will
celebrate Pan-America Day in co
operation with the Office of Pan
American Relations at Stanford. A
Latin American dinner will be served
at 6 o'clock.
People who plan to attend the din
ner must sign up today at the Office
of Pan American Relations. If any
one wants transportation cars will
be waiting at the Cellar at 5:45.
The International Club at its an
nual regular meeting April 15 will
celebrate Pan-America Day in co
operation with the Office of Pan
American Relations at Stanford. A
Latin American dinner will be served
at 6 o'clock.
People who plan to attend the din
ner must sign up today at the Office
of Pan American Relations. If any
one wants transportation cars will
be waiting at the Cellar at 5:45.
The International Club at its an
nual regular meeting April 15 will
celebrate Pan-America Day in co
operation with the Office of Pan
American Relations at Stanford. A
Latin American dinner will be served
at 6 o'clock.
People who plan to attend the din
ner must sign up today at the Office
of Pan American Relations. If any
one wants transportation cars will
be waiting at the Cellar at 5:45.
The International Club at its an
nual regular meeting April 15 will
celebrate Pan-America Day in co
operation with the Office of Pan
American Relations at Stanford. A
Latin American dinner will be served
at 6 o'clock.
People who plan to attend the din
ner must sign up today at the Office
of Pan American Relations. If any
one wants transportation cars will
be waiting at the Cellar at 5:45.
The International Club at its an
nual regular meeting April 15 will
celebrate Pan-America Day in co
operation with the Office of Pan
American Relations at Stanford. A
Latin American dinner will be served
at 6 o'clock.
People who plan to attend the din
ner must sign up today at the Office
of Pan American Relations. If any
one wants transportation cars will
be waiting at the Cellar at 5:45.
