# PAN-HELL ANNOUNCES
## 
### 
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Barbara Stevens, '44, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Barbara Stevens, '44, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Barbara Stevens, '44, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Barbara Stevens, '44, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Barbara Stevens, '44, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Barbara Stevens, '44, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Barbara Stevens, '44, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Barbara Stevens, '44, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Barbara Stevens, '44, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Barbara Stevens, '44, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Barbara Stevens, '44, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Barbara Stevens, '44, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Barbara Stevens, '44, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Barbara Stevens, '44, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Barbara Stevens, '44, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Barbara Stevens, '44, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Barbara Stevens, '44, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Barbara Stevens, '44, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
