# The 						Stanford Daily SPORTS
## LEAD CARDS IN FRESNO STATE MEET 
### 

GENE KERN, above, captain of
the Stanford track team, and Ed
Ilertel. above right, were two of
the few Indians who finished first
in Saturday's meet with Fresno
State, which the Staters won, 7(i
-54. Kern is shown in action win
ning the broad jump, while Ilertel
leads the field in the 120 high
hurdles. He also took the blue
ribbon in the 220 lows.

GENE KERN, above, captain of
the Stanford track team, and Ed
Ilertel. above right, were two of
the few Indians who finished first
in Saturday's meet with Fresno
State, which the Staters won, 7(i
-54. Kern is shown in action win
ning the broad jump, while Ilertel
leads the field in the 120 high
hurdles. He also took the blue
ribbon in the 220 lows.

GENE KERN, above, captain of
the Stanford track team, and Ed
Ilertel. above right, were two of
the few Indians who finished first
in Saturday's meet with Fresno
State, which the Staters won, 7(i
-54. Kern is shown in action win
ning the broad jump, while Ilertel
leads the field in the 120 high
hurdles. He also took the blue
ribbon in the 220 lows.

GENE KERN, above, captain of
the Stanford track team, and Ed
Ilertel. above right, were two of
the few Indians who finished first
in Saturday's meet with Fresno
State, which the Staters won, 7(i
-54. Kern is shown in action win
ning the broad jump, while Ilertel
leads the field in the 120 high
hurdles. He also took the blue
ribbon in the 220 lows.

GENE KERN, above, captain of
the Stanford track team, and Ed
Ilertel. above right, were two of
the few Indians who finished first
in Saturday's meet with Fresno
State, which the Staters won, 7(i
-54. Kern is shown in action win
ning the broad jump, while Ilertel
leads the field in the 120 high
hurdles. He also took the blue
ribbon in the 220 lows.

GENE KERN, above, captain of
the Stanford track team, and Ed
Ilertel. above right, were two of
the few Indians who finished first
in Saturday's meet with Fresno
State, which the Staters won, 7(i
-54. Kern is shown in action win
ning the broad jump, while Ilertel
leads the field in the 120 high
hurdles. He also took the blue
ribbon in the 220 lows.

GENE KERN, above, captain of
the Stanford track team, and Ed
Ilertel. above right, were two of
the few Indians who finished first
in Saturday's meet with Fresno
State, which the Staters won, 7(i
-54. Kern is shown in action win
ning the broad jump, while Ilertel
leads the field in the 120 high
hurdles. He also took the blue
ribbon in the 220 lows.

GENE KERN, above, captain of
the Stanford track team, and Ed
Ilertel. above right, were two of
the few Indians who finished first
in Saturday's meet with Fresno
State, which the Staters won, 7(i
-54. Kern is shown in action win
ning the broad jump, while Ilertel
leads the field in the 120 high
hurdles. He also took the blue
ribbon in the 220 lows.

GENE KERN, above, captain of
the Stanford track team, and Ed
Ilertel. above right, were two of
the few Indians who finished first
in Saturday's meet with Fresno
State, which the Staters won, 7(i
-54. Kern is shown in action win
ning the broad jump, while Ilertel
leads the field in the 120 high
hurdles. He also took the blue
ribbon in the 220 lows.

GENE KERN, above, captain of
the Stanford track team, and Ed
Ilertel. above right, were two of
the few Indians who finished first
in Saturday's meet with Fresno
State, which the Staters won, 7(i
-54. Kern is shown in action win
ning the broad jump, while Ilertel
leads the field in the 120 high
hurdles. He also took the blue
ribbon in the 220 lows.

GENE KERN, above, captain of
the Stanford track team, and Ed
Ilertel. above right, were two of
the few Indians who finished first
in Saturday's meet with Fresno
State, which the Staters won, 7(i
-54. Kern is shown in action win
ning the broad jump, while Ilertel
leads the field in the 120 high
hurdles. He also took the blue
ribbon in the 220 lows.

GENE KERN, above, captain of
the Stanford track team, and Ed
Ilertel. above right, were two of
the few Indians who finished first
in Saturday's meet with Fresno
State, which the Staters won, 7(i
-54. Kern is shown in action win
ning the broad jump, while Ilertel
leads the field in the 120 high
hurdles. He also took the blue
ribbon in the 220 lows.

GENE KERN, above, captain of
the Stanford track team, and Ed
Ilertel. above right, were two of
the few Indians who finished first
in Saturday's meet with Fresno
State, which the Staters won, 7(i
-54. Kern is shown in action win
ning the broad jump, while Ilertel
leads the field in the 120 high
hurdles. He also took the blue
ribbon in the 220 lows.

GENE KERN, above, captain of
the Stanford track team, and Ed
Ilertel. above right, were two of
the few Indians who finished first
in Saturday's meet with Fresno
State, which the Staters won, 7(i
-54. Kern is shown in action win
ning the broad jump, while Ilertel
leads the field in the 120 high
hurdles. He also took the blue
ribbon in the 220 lows.

GENE KERN, above, captain of
the Stanford track team, and Ed
Ilertel. above right, were two of
the few Indians who finished first
in Saturday's meet with Fresno
State, which the Staters won, 7(i
-54. Kern is shown in action win
ning the broad jump, while Ilertel
leads the field in the 120 high
hurdles. He also took the blue
ribbon in the 220 lows.

GENE KERN, above, captain of
the Stanford track team, and Ed
Ilertel. above right, were two of
the few Indians who finished first
in Saturday's meet with Fresno
State, which the Staters won, 7(i
-54. Kern is shown in action win
ning the broad jump, while Ilertel
leads the field in the 120 high
hurdles. He also took the blue
ribbon in the 220 lows.

GENE KERN, above, captain of
the Stanford track team, and Ed
Ilertel. above right, were two of
the few Indians who finished first
in Saturday's meet with Fresno
State, which the Staters won, 7(i
-54. Kern is shown in action win
ning the broad jump, while Ilertel
leads the field in the 120 high
hurdles. He also took the blue
ribbon in the 220 lows.

GENE KERN, above, captain of
the Stanford track team, and Ed
Ilertel. above right, were two of
the few Indians who finished first
in Saturday's meet with Fresno
State, which the Staters won, 7(i
-54. Kern is shown in action win
ning the broad jump, while Ilertel
leads the field in the 120 high
hurdles. He also took the blue
ribbon in the 220 lows.
