# Stanford Forms Engineering Libe
## 
### 
Stanford's newest addition to its
library system, the Engineering Li
brary, is being formed. Located in
the former rooms of the Hoover War
Library, opposite the reserve book
room, the new "Libe" will house the
accumulated volumes of the Me
chanical, Civil and Chemical Engi
neering Libraries. These will ofii
cially close tomorrow.
Mrs. Hertha Bengston, former En
gineering librarian at the Univer
sity of California, will arrive to
morrow to become Engineering li
brarian. She will rank as a de
partment head in the University.
Stanford's newest addition to its
library system, the Engineering Li
brary, is being formed. Located in
the former rooms of the Hoover War
Library, opposite the reserve book
room, the new "Libe" will house the
accumulated volumes of the Me
chanical, Civil and Chemical Engi
neering Libraries. These will ofii
cially close tomorrow.
Mrs. Hertha Bengston, former En
gineering librarian at the Univer
sity of California, will arrive to
morrow to become Engineering li
brarian. She will rank as a de
partment head in the University.
Stanford's newest addition to its
library system, the Engineering Li
brary, is being formed. Located in
the former rooms of the Hoover War
Library, opposite the reserve book
room, the new "Libe" will house the
accumulated volumes of the Me
chanical, Civil and Chemical Engi
neering Libraries. These will ofii
cially close tomorrow.
Mrs. Hertha Bengston, former En
gineering librarian at the Univer
sity of California, will arrive to
morrow to become Engineering li
brarian. She will rank as a de
partment head in the University.
Stanford's newest addition to its
library system, the Engineering Li
brary, is being formed. Located in
the former rooms of the Hoover War
Library, opposite the reserve book
room, the new "Libe" will house the
accumulated volumes of the Me
chanical, Civil and Chemical Engi
neering Libraries. These will ofii
cially close tomorrow.
Mrs. Hertha Bengston, former En
gineering librarian at the Univer
sity of California, will arrive to
morrow to become Engineering li
brarian. She will rank as a de
partment head in the University.
Stanford's newest addition to its
library system, the Engineering Li
brary, is being formed. Located in
the former rooms of the Hoover War
Library, opposite the reserve book
room, the new "Libe" will house the
accumulated volumes of the Me
chanical, Civil and Chemical Engi
neering Libraries. These will ofii
cially close tomorrow.
Mrs. Hertha Bengston, former En
gineering librarian at the Univer
sity of California, will arrive to
morrow to become Engineering li
brarian. She will rank as a de
partment head in the University.
Stanford's newest addition to its
library system, the Engineering Li
brary, is being formed. Located in
the former rooms of the Hoover War
Library, opposite the reserve book
room, the new "Libe" will house the
accumulated volumes of the Me
chanical, Civil and Chemical Engi
neering Libraries. These will ofii
cially close tomorrow.
Mrs. Hertha Bengston, former En
gineering librarian at the Univer
sity of California, will arrive to
morrow to become Engineering li
brarian. She will rank as a de
partment head in the University.
Stanford's newest addition to its
library system, the Engineering Li
brary, is being formed. Located in
the former rooms of the Hoover War
Library, opposite the reserve book
room, the new "Libe" will house the
accumulated volumes of the Me
chanical, Civil and Chemical Engi
neering Libraries. These will ofii
cially close tomorrow.
Mrs. Hertha Bengston, former En
gineering librarian at the Univer
sity of California, will arrive to
morrow to become Engineering li
brarian. She will rank as a de
partment head in the University.
Stanford's newest addition to its
library system, the Engineering Li
brary, is being formed. Located in
the former rooms of the Hoover War
Library, opposite the reserve book
room, the new "Libe" will house the
accumulated volumes of the Me
chanical, Civil and Chemical Engi
neering Libraries. These will ofii
cially close tomorrow.
Mrs. Hertha Bengston, former En
gineering librarian at the Univer
sity of California, will arrive to
morrow to become Engineering li
brarian. She will rank as a de
partment head in the University.
Stanford's newest addition to its
library system, the Engineering Li
brary, is being formed. Located in
the former rooms of the Hoover War
Library, opposite the reserve book
room, the new "Libe" will house the
accumulated volumes of the Me
chanical, Civil and Chemical Engi
neering Libraries. These will ofii
cially close tomorrow.
Mrs. Hertha Bengston, former En
gineering librarian at the Univer
sity of California, will arrive to
morrow to become Engineering li
brarian. She will rank as a de
partment head in the University.
Stanford's newest addition to its
library system, the Engineering Li
brary, is being formed. Located in
the former rooms of the Hoover War
Library, opposite the reserve book
room, the new "Libe" will house the
accumulated volumes of the Me
chanical, Civil and Chemical Engi
neering Libraries. These will ofii
cially close tomorrow.
Mrs. Hertha Bengston, former En
gineering librarian at the Univer
sity of California, will arrive to
morrow to become Engineering li
brarian. She will rank as a de
partment head in the University.
Stanford's newest addition to its
library system, the Engineering Li
brary, is being formed. Located in
the former rooms of the Hoover War
Library, opposite the reserve book
room, the new "Libe" will house the
accumulated volumes of the Me
chanical, Civil and Chemical Engi
neering Libraries. These will ofii
cially close tomorrow.
Mrs. Hertha Bengston, former En
gineering librarian at the Univer
sity of California, will arrive to
morrow to become Engineering li
brarian. She will rank as a de
partment head in the University.
Stanford's newest addition to its
library system, the Engineering Li
brary, is being formed. Located in
the former rooms of the Hoover War
Library, opposite the reserve book
room, the new "Libe" will house the
accumulated volumes of the Me
chanical, Civil and Chemical Engi
neering Libraries. These will ofii
cially close tomorrow.
Mrs. Hertha Bengston, former En
gineering librarian at the Univer
sity of California, will arrive to
morrow to become Engineering li
brarian. She will rank as a de
partment head in the University.
Stanford's newest addition to its
library system, the Engineering Li
brary, is being formed. Located in
the former rooms of the Hoover War
Library, opposite the reserve book
room, the new "Libe" will house the
accumulated volumes of the Me
chanical, Civil and Chemical Engi
neering Libraries. These will ofii
cially close tomorrow.
Mrs. Hertha Bengston, former En
gineering librarian at the Univer
sity of California, will arrive to
morrow to become Engineering li
brarian. She will rank as a de
partment head in the University.
Stanford's newest addition to its
library system, the Engineering Li
brary, is being formed. Located in
the former rooms of the Hoover War
Library, opposite the reserve book
room, the new "Libe" will house the
accumulated volumes of the Me
chanical, Civil and Chemical Engi
neering Libraries. These will ofii
cially close tomorrow.
Mrs. Hertha Bengston, former En
gineering librarian at the Univer
sity of California, will arrive to
morrow to become Engineering li
brarian. She will rank as a de
partment head in the University.
Stanford's newest addition to its
library system, the Engineering Li
brary, is being formed. Located in
the former rooms of the Hoover War
Library, opposite the reserve book
room, the new "Libe" will house the
accumulated volumes of the Me
chanical, Civil and Chemical Engi
neering Libraries. These will ofii
cially close tomorrow.
Mrs. Hertha Bengston, former En
gineering librarian at the Univer
sity of California, will arrive to
morrow to become Engineering li
brarian. She will rank as a de
partment head in the University.
Stanford's newest addition to its
library system, the Engineering Li
brary, is being formed. Located in
the former rooms of the Hoover War
Library, opposite the reserve book
room, the new "Libe" will house the
accumulated volumes of the Me
chanical, Civil and Chemical Engi
neering Libraries. These will ofii
cially close tomorrow.
Mrs. Hertha Bengston, former En
gineering librarian at the Univer
sity of California, will arrive to
morrow to become Engineering li
brarian. She will rank as a de
partment head in the University.
Stanford's newest addition to its
library system, the Engineering Li
brary, is being formed. Located in
the former rooms of the Hoover War
Library, opposite the reserve book
room, the new "Libe" will house the
accumulated volumes of the Me
chanical, Civil and Chemical Engi
neering Libraries. These will ofii
cially close tomorrow.
Mrs. Hertha Bengston, former En
gineering librarian at the Univer
sity of California, will arrive to
morrow to become Engineering li
brarian. She will rank as a de
partment head in the University.
Stanford's newest addition to its
library system, the Engineering Li
brary, is being formed. Located in
the former rooms of the Hoover War
Library, opposite the reserve book
room, the new "Libe" will house the
accumulated volumes of the Me
chanical, Civil and Chemical Engi
neering Libraries. These will ofii
cially close tomorrow.
Mrs. Hertha Bengston, former En
gineering librarian at the Univer
sity of California, will arrive to
morrow to become Engineering li
brarian. She will rank as a de
partment head in the University.
