# Adv. 18 Page 4
## 
### 
Fly L.A.I
for
'9.95
plus tax I
on
Western Air Lines
OF CALIFORNIA. INC.
Only infra-state service
operated by a regularly
certified airline using !
4-engine planes. m
: 2 , - [
SECURE TICKETS AT THE
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
(Airline Division)
522 Ramona St.
DA 3-246S
IN CLOTHES CLOSE" PATIO I
Fly L.A.I
for
'9.95
plus tax I
on
Western Air Lines
OF CALIFORNIA. INC.
Only infra-state service
operated by a regularly
certified airline using !
4-engine planes. m
: 2 , - [
SECURE TICKETS AT THE
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
(Airline Division)
522 Ramona St.
DA 3-246S
IN CLOTHES CLOSE" PATIO I
Fly L.A.I
for
'9.95
plus tax I
on
Western Air Lines
OF CALIFORNIA. INC.
Only infra-state service
operated by a regularly
certified airline using !
4-engine planes. m
: 2 , - [
SECURE TICKETS AT THE
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
(Airline Division)
522 Ramona St.
DA 3-246S
IN CLOTHES CLOSE" PATIO I
Fly L.A.I
for
'9.95
plus tax I
on
Western Air Lines
OF CALIFORNIA. INC.
Only infra-state service
operated by a regularly
certified airline using !
4-engine planes. m
: 2 , - [
SECURE TICKETS AT THE
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
(Airline Division)
522 Ramona St.
DA 3-246S
IN CLOTHES CLOSE" PATIO I
Fly L.A.I
for
'9.95
plus tax I
on
Western Air Lines
OF CALIFORNIA. INC.
Only infra-state service
operated by a regularly
certified airline using !
4-engine planes. m
: 2 , - [
SECURE TICKETS AT THE
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
(Airline Division)
522 Ramona St.
DA 3-246S
IN CLOTHES CLOSE" PATIO I
Fly L.A.I
for
'9.95
plus tax I
on
Western Air Lines
OF CALIFORNIA. INC.
Only infra-state service
operated by a regularly
certified airline using !
4-engine planes. m
: 2 , - [
SECURE TICKETS AT THE
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
(Airline Division)
522 Ramona St.
DA 3-246S
IN CLOTHES CLOSE" PATIO I
Fly L.A.I
for
'9.95
plus tax I
on
Western Air Lines
OF CALIFORNIA. INC.
Only infra-state service
operated by a regularly
certified airline using !
4-engine planes. m
: 2 , - [
SECURE TICKETS AT THE
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
(Airline Division)
522 Ramona St.
DA 3-246S
IN CLOTHES CLOSE" PATIO I
Fly L.A.I
for
'9.95
plus tax I
on
Western Air Lines
OF CALIFORNIA. INC.
Only infra-state service
operated by a regularly
certified airline using !
4-engine planes. m
: 2 , - [
SECURE TICKETS AT THE
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
(Airline Division)
522 Ramona St.
DA 3-246S
IN CLOTHES CLOSE" PATIO I
Fly L.A.I
for
'9.95
plus tax I
on
Western Air Lines
OF CALIFORNIA. INC.
Only infra-state service
operated by a regularly
certified airline using !
4-engine planes. m
: 2 , - [
SECURE TICKETS AT THE
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
(Airline Division)
522 Ramona St.
DA 3-246S
IN CLOTHES CLOSE" PATIO I
Fly L.A.I
for
'9.95
plus tax I
on
Western Air Lines
OF CALIFORNIA. INC.
Only infra-state service
operated by a regularly
certified airline using !
4-engine planes. m
: 2 , - [
SECURE TICKETS AT THE
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
(Airline Division)
522 Ramona St.
DA 3-246S
IN CLOTHES CLOSE" PATIO I
Fly L.A.I
for
'9.95
plus tax I
on
Western Air Lines
OF CALIFORNIA. INC.
Only infra-state service
operated by a regularly
certified airline using !
4-engine planes. m
: 2 , - [
SECURE TICKETS AT THE
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
(Airline Division)
522 Ramona St.
DA 3-246S
IN CLOTHES CLOSE" PATIO I
Fly L.A.I
for
'9.95
plus tax I
on
Western Air Lines
OF CALIFORNIA. INC.
Only infra-state service
operated by a regularly
certified airline using !
4-engine planes. m
: 2 , - [
SECURE TICKETS AT THE
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
(Airline Division)
522 Ramona St.
DA 3-246S
IN CLOTHES CLOSE" PATIO I
Fly L.A.I
for
'9.95
plus tax I
on
Western Air Lines
OF CALIFORNIA. INC.
Only infra-state service
operated by a regularly
certified airline using !
4-engine planes. m
: 2 , - [
SECURE TICKETS AT THE
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
(Airline Division)
522 Ramona St.
DA 3-246S
IN CLOTHES CLOSE" PATIO I
Fly L.A.I
for
'9.95
plus tax I
on
Western Air Lines
OF CALIFORNIA. INC.
Only infra-state service
operated by a regularly
certified airline using !
4-engine planes. m
: 2 , - [
SECURE TICKETS AT THE
UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
(Airline Division)
522 Ramona St.
DA 3-246S
IN CLOTHES CLOSE" PATIO I
