# Adv. 27 Page 4
## 
### 
wnsTHjrS I
> WBti mi f y1 1 ImBLI 1
TONITE ONLY!
2 CREAT HITS
CENE RAYMOND
FRANCIS DRAKE
"TRANSIENT
LADY"
—Plus
1935's most glorious
musical comcdy
"EVERGREEN"
OUR 2d CREAT
REVIVAL WEEK
STARTS SATURDAY I
wnsTHjrS I
> WBti mi f y1 1 ImBLI 1
TONITE ONLY!
2 CREAT HITS
CENE RAYMOND
FRANCIS DRAKE
"TRANSIENT
LADY"
—Plus
1935's most glorious
musical comcdy
"EVERGREEN"
OUR 2d CREAT
REVIVAL WEEK
STARTS SATURDAY I
wnsTHjrS I
> WBti mi f y1 1 ImBLI 1
TONITE ONLY!
2 CREAT HITS
CENE RAYMOND
FRANCIS DRAKE
"TRANSIENT
LADY"
—Plus
1935's most glorious
musical comcdy
"EVERGREEN"
OUR 2d CREAT
REVIVAL WEEK
STARTS SATURDAY I
wnsTHjrS I
> WBti mi f y1 1 ImBLI 1
TONITE ONLY!
2 CREAT HITS
CENE RAYMOND
FRANCIS DRAKE
"TRANSIENT
LADY"
—Plus
1935's most glorious
musical comcdy
"EVERGREEN"
OUR 2d CREAT
REVIVAL WEEK
STARTS SATURDAY I
wnsTHjrS I
> WBti mi f y1 1 ImBLI 1
TONITE ONLY!
2 CREAT HITS
CENE RAYMOND
FRANCIS DRAKE
"TRANSIENT
LADY"
—Plus
1935's most glorious
musical comcdy
"EVERGREEN"
OUR 2d CREAT
REVIVAL WEEK
STARTS SATURDAY I
wnsTHjrS I
> WBti mi f y1 1 ImBLI 1
TONITE ONLY!
2 CREAT HITS
CENE RAYMOND
FRANCIS DRAKE
"TRANSIENT
LADY"
—Plus
1935's most glorious
musical comcdy
"EVERGREEN"
OUR 2d CREAT
REVIVAL WEEK
STARTS SATURDAY I
wnsTHjrS I
> WBti mi f y1 1 ImBLI 1
TONITE ONLY!
2 CREAT HITS
CENE RAYMOND
FRANCIS DRAKE
"TRANSIENT
LADY"
—Plus
1935's most glorious
musical comcdy
"EVERGREEN"
OUR 2d CREAT
REVIVAL WEEK
STARTS SATURDAY I
wnsTHjrS I
> WBti mi f y1 1 ImBLI 1
TONITE ONLY!
2 CREAT HITS
CENE RAYMOND
FRANCIS DRAKE
"TRANSIENT
LADY"
—Plus
1935's most glorious
musical comcdy
"EVERGREEN"
OUR 2d CREAT
REVIVAL WEEK
STARTS SATURDAY I
wnsTHjrS I
> WBti mi f y1 1 ImBLI 1
TONITE ONLY!
2 CREAT HITS
CENE RAYMOND
FRANCIS DRAKE
"TRANSIENT
LADY"
—Plus
1935's most glorious
musical comcdy
"EVERGREEN"
OUR 2d CREAT
REVIVAL WEEK
STARTS SATURDAY I
wnsTHjrS I
> WBti mi f y1 1 ImBLI 1
TONITE ONLY!
2 CREAT HITS
CENE RAYMOND
FRANCIS DRAKE
"TRANSIENT
LADY"
—Plus
1935's most glorious
musical comcdy
"EVERGREEN"
OUR 2d CREAT
REVIVAL WEEK
STARTS SATURDAY I
wnsTHjrS I
> WBti mi f y1 1 ImBLI 1
TONITE ONLY!
2 CREAT HITS
CENE RAYMOND
FRANCIS DRAKE
"TRANSIENT
LADY"
—Plus
1935's most glorious
musical comcdy
"EVERGREEN"
OUR 2d CREAT
REVIVAL WEEK
STARTS SATURDAY I
wnsTHjrS I
> WBti mi f y1 1 ImBLI 1
TONITE ONLY!
2 CREAT HITS
CENE RAYMOND
FRANCIS DRAKE
"TRANSIENT
LADY"
—Plus
1935's most glorious
musical comcdy
"EVERGREEN"
OUR 2d CREAT
REVIVAL WEEK
STARTS SATURDAY I
wnsTHjrS I
> WBti mi f y1 1 ImBLI 1
TONITE ONLY!
2 CREAT HITS
CENE RAYMOND
FRANCIS DRAKE
"TRANSIENT
LADY"
—Plus
1935's most glorious
musical comcdy
"EVERGREEN"
OUR 2d CREAT
REVIVAL WEEK
STARTS SATURDAY I
wnsTHjrS I
> WBti mi f y1 1 ImBLI 1
TONITE ONLY!
2 CREAT HITS
CENE RAYMOND
FRANCIS DRAKE
"TRANSIENT
LADY"
—Plus
1935's most glorious
musical comcdy
"EVERGREEN"
OUR 2d CREAT
REVIVAL WEEK
STARTS SATURDAY I
wnsTHjrS I
> WBti mi f y1 1 ImBLI 1
TONITE ONLY!
2 CREAT HITS
CENE RAYMOND
FRANCIS DRAKE
"TRANSIENT
LADY"
—Plus
1935's most glorious
musical comcdy
"EVERGREEN"
OUR 2d CREAT
REVIVAL WEEK
STARTS SATURDAY I
