# WORKMEN LOSE JOB
## 
### 
TOLEDO. April 23 (/P).—Approxi
mately 2,340 workmen indefinitel;
last their jobs us officials of tin
Chevrolet Motor Company closed it
Toledo branch factory today when
strike was called by the United Au
tornobile Workers' Federal Union.
TOLEDO. April 23 (/P).—Approxi
mately 2,340 workmen indefinitel;
last their jobs us officials of tin
Chevrolet Motor Company closed it
Toledo branch factory today when
strike was called by the United Au
tornobile Workers' Federal Union.
TOLEDO. April 23 (/P).—Approxi
mately 2,340 workmen indefinitel;
last their jobs us officials of tin
Chevrolet Motor Company closed it
Toledo branch factory today when
strike was called by the United Au
tornobile Workers' Federal Union.
TOLEDO. April 23 (/P).—Approxi
mately 2,340 workmen indefinitel;
last their jobs us officials of tin
Chevrolet Motor Company closed it
Toledo branch factory today when
strike was called by the United Au
tornobile Workers' Federal Union.
TOLEDO. April 23 (/P).—Approxi
mately 2,340 workmen indefinitel;
last their jobs us officials of tin
Chevrolet Motor Company closed it
Toledo branch factory today when
strike was called by the United Au
tornobile Workers' Federal Union.
TOLEDO. April 23 (/P).—Approxi
mately 2,340 workmen indefinitel;
last their jobs us officials of tin
Chevrolet Motor Company closed it
Toledo branch factory today when
strike was called by the United Au
tornobile Workers' Federal Union.
TOLEDO. April 23 (/P).—Approxi
mately 2,340 workmen indefinitel;
last their jobs us officials of tin
Chevrolet Motor Company closed it
Toledo branch factory today when
strike was called by the United Au
tornobile Workers' Federal Union.
TOLEDO. April 23 (/P).—Approxi
mately 2,340 workmen indefinitel;
last their jobs us officials of tin
Chevrolet Motor Company closed it
Toledo branch factory today when
strike was called by the United Au
tornobile Workers' Federal Union.
TOLEDO. April 23 (/P).—Approxi
mately 2,340 workmen indefinitel;
last their jobs us officials of tin
Chevrolet Motor Company closed it
Toledo branch factory today when
strike was called by the United Au
tornobile Workers' Federal Union.
TOLEDO. April 23 (/P).—Approxi
mately 2,340 workmen indefinitel;
last their jobs us officials of tin
Chevrolet Motor Company closed it
Toledo branch factory today when
strike was called by the United Au
tornobile Workers' Federal Union.
TOLEDO. April 23 (/P).—Approxi
mately 2,340 workmen indefinitel;
last their jobs us officials of tin
Chevrolet Motor Company closed it
Toledo branch factory today when
strike was called by the United Au
tornobile Workers' Federal Union.
TOLEDO. April 23 (/P).—Approxi
mately 2,340 workmen indefinitel;
last their jobs us officials of tin
Chevrolet Motor Company closed it
Toledo branch factory today when
strike was called by the United Au
tornobile Workers' Federal Union.
TOLEDO. April 23 (/P).—Approxi
mately 2,340 workmen indefinitel;
last their jobs us officials of tin
Chevrolet Motor Company closed it
Toledo branch factory today when
strike was called by the United Au
tornobile Workers' Federal Union.
TOLEDO. April 23 (/P).—Approxi
mately 2,340 workmen indefinitel;
last their jobs us officials of tin
Chevrolet Motor Company closed it
Toledo branch factory today when
strike was called by the United Au
tornobile Workers' Federal Union.
TOLEDO. April 23 (/P).—Approxi
mately 2,340 workmen indefinitel;
last their jobs us officials of tin
Chevrolet Motor Company closed it
Toledo branch factory today when
strike was called by the United Au
tornobile Workers' Federal Union.
