# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Ken Beer/Daily
Tower of babble
The removal of asbestos from this water tower led to a routine check of the Band
Shak. The inspection uncovered holes in the walls and broken pipes where as
bestos was found. In other words, the Shak should be condemned and the band is
dying of cancer or liver disease.

Ken Beer/Daily
Tower of babble
The removal of asbestos from this water tower led to a routine check of the Band
Shak. The inspection uncovered holes in the walls and broken pipes where as
bestos was found. In other words, the Shak should be condemned and the band is
dying of cancer or liver disease.

Ken Beer/Daily
Tower of babble
The removal of asbestos from this water tower led to a routine check of the Band
Shak. The inspection uncovered holes in the walls and broken pipes where as
bestos was found. In other words, the Shak should be condemned and the band is
dying of cancer or liver disease.

Ken Beer/Daily
Tower of babble
The removal of asbestos from this water tower led to a routine check of the Band
Shak. The inspection uncovered holes in the walls and broken pipes where as
bestos was found. In other words, the Shak should be condemned and the band is
dying of cancer or liver disease.

Ken Beer/Daily
Tower of babble
The removal of asbestos from this water tower led to a routine check of the Band
Shak. The inspection uncovered holes in the walls and broken pipes where as
bestos was found. In other words, the Shak should be condemned and the band is
dying of cancer or liver disease.

Ken Beer/Daily
Tower of babble
The removal of asbestos from this water tower led to a routine check of the Band
Shak. The inspection uncovered holes in the walls and broken pipes where as
bestos was found. In other words, the Shak should be condemned and the band is
dying of cancer or liver disease.

Ken Beer/Daily
Tower of babble
The removal of asbestos from this water tower led to a routine check of the Band
Shak. The inspection uncovered holes in the walls and broken pipes where as
bestos was found. In other words, the Shak should be condemned and the band is
dying of cancer or liver disease.
