# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is about time that another
protest lie tiled against the indis
criminate wearing of Varsity
sweaters. 1 here is nothing which
will so soon destroy the idea of
privilege and honor connected with
the wearing of these sweaters as
permitting every Tom, Dick, and
Harry to use them regardless of the
rights of those to whom such honor
belongs. In justice to the athletes
who are rightfully entitled to these
honorable symbols, their usurpation
by others should beat once looked
into by a proper committee.
It is about time that another
protest lie tiled against the indis
criminate wearing of Varsity
sweaters. 1 here is nothing which
will so soon destroy the idea of
privilege and honor connected with
the wearing of these sweaters as
permitting every Tom, Dick, and
Harry to use them regardless of the
rights of those to whom such honor
belongs. In justice to the athletes
who are rightfully entitled to these
honorable symbols, their usurpation
by others should beat once looked
into by a proper committee.
It is about time that another
protest lie tiled against the indis
criminate wearing of Varsity
sweaters. 1 here is nothing which
will so soon destroy the idea of
privilege and honor connected with
the wearing of these sweaters as
permitting every Tom, Dick, and
Harry to use them regardless of the
rights of those to whom such honor
belongs. In justice to the athletes
who are rightfully entitled to these
honorable symbols, their usurpation
by others should beat once looked
into by a proper committee.
It is about time that another
protest lie tiled against the indis
criminate wearing of Varsity
sweaters. 1 here is nothing which
will so soon destroy the idea of
privilege and honor connected with
the wearing of these sweaters as
permitting every Tom, Dick, and
Harry to use them regardless of the
rights of those to whom such honor
belongs. In justice to the athletes
who are rightfully entitled to these
honorable symbols, their usurpation
by others should beat once looked
into by a proper committee.
It is about time that another
protest lie tiled against the indis
criminate wearing of Varsity
sweaters. 1 here is nothing which
will so soon destroy the idea of
privilege and honor connected with
the wearing of these sweaters as
permitting every Tom, Dick, and
Harry to use them regardless of the
rights of those to whom such honor
belongs. In justice to the athletes
who are rightfully entitled to these
honorable symbols, their usurpation
by others should beat once looked
into by a proper committee.
