# Under the Weather
## 
### 
Palo Alto Hospital—Edward Bry
an, Irving Marx, Larry Schecter,
Donald Schaurper.
Palo Alto Hospital—Edward Bry
an, Irving Marx, Larry Schecter,
Donald Schaurper.
Palo Alto Hospital—Edward Bry
an, Irving Marx, Larry Schecter,
Donald Schaurper.
Palo Alto Hospital—Edward Bry
an, Irving Marx, Larry Schecter,
Donald Schaurper.
Palo Alto Hospital—Edward Bry
an, Irving Marx, Larry Schecter,
Donald Schaurper.
Palo Alto Hospital—Edward Bry
an, Irving Marx, Larry Schecter,
Donald Schaurper.
Palo Alto Hospital—Edward Bry
an, Irving Marx, Larry Schecter,
Donald Schaurper.
Palo Alto Hospital—Edward Bry
an, Irving Marx, Larry Schecter,
Donald Schaurper.
Palo Alto Hospital—Edward Bry
an, Irving Marx, Larry Schecter,
Donald Schaurper.
Palo Alto Hospital—Edward Bry
an, Irving Marx, Larry Schecter,
Donald Schaurper.
Palo Alto Hospital—Edward Bry
an, Irving Marx, Larry Schecter,
Donald Schaurper.
Palo Alto Hospital—Edward Bry
an, Irving Marx, Larry Schecter,
Donald Schaurper.
Palo Alto Hospital—Edward Bry
an, Irving Marx, Larry Schecter,
Donald Schaurper.
Palo Alto Hospital—Edward Bry
an, Irving Marx, Larry Schecter,
Donald Schaurper.
Palo Alto Hospital—Edward Bry
an, Irving Marx, Larry Schecter,
Donald Schaurper.
Palo Alto Hospital—Edward Bry
an, Irving Marx, Larry Schecter,
Donald Schaurper.
