# Government Jobs Open in Samoa
## 
### 
John C. Elliott, a Stanford alum
nus and at present the Lieutenant
Governor of American Samoa, has
written that several jobs are avail
able in the government of that ter
ritory. Positions in the education
service, general business manage
ment, public works administration,
agriculture, and medical depart
ment are open.
Although Samoa is under the ju
risdiction of the Department of the
Interior, these jobs are not un.'er
the U.S. Civil Service, but involve
contracts between the Samoan gov
ernment end the individual em
ployee.
Further information on these and
other foreign jobs is available at
the Placement Service and at tha
office of Dr. Felix Keeping, Room
207, Department ot Sociology and
Anthropology.

Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of the day
before publication.
John C. Elliott, a Stanford alum
nus and at present the Lieutenant
Governor of American Samoa, has
written that several jobs are avail
able in the government of that ter
ritory. Positions in the education
service, general business manage
ment, public works administration,
agriculture, and medical depart
ment are open.
Although Samoa is under the ju
risdiction of the Department of the
Interior, these jobs are not un.'er
the U.S. Civil Service, but involve
contracts between the Samoan gov
ernment end the individual em
ployee.
Further information on these and
other foreign jobs is available at
the Placement Service and at tha
office of Dr. Felix Keeping, Room
207, Department ot Sociology and
Anthropology.

Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of the day
before publication.
John C. Elliott, a Stanford alum
nus and at present the Lieutenant
Governor of American Samoa, has
written that several jobs are avail
able in the government of that ter
ritory. Positions in the education
service, general business manage
ment, public works administration,
agriculture, and medical depart
ment are open.
Although Samoa is under the ju
risdiction of the Department of the
Interior, these jobs are not un.'er
the U.S. Civil Service, but involve
contracts between the Samoan gov
ernment end the individual em
ployee.
Further information on these and
other foreign jobs is available at
the Placement Service and at tha
office of Dr. Felix Keeping, Room
207, Department ot Sociology and
Anthropology.

Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of the day
before publication.
John C. Elliott, a Stanford alum
nus and at present the Lieutenant
Governor of American Samoa, has
written that several jobs are avail
able in the government of that ter
ritory. Positions in the education
service, general business manage
ment, public works administration,
agriculture, and medical depart
ment are open.
Although Samoa is under the ju
risdiction of the Department of the
Interior, these jobs are not un.'er
the U.S. Civil Service, but involve
contracts between the Samoan gov
ernment end the individual em
ployee.
Further information on these and
other foreign jobs is available at
the Placement Service and at tha
office of Dr. Felix Keeping, Room
207, Department ot Sociology and
Anthropology.

Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of the day
before publication.
John C. Elliott, a Stanford alum
nus and at present the Lieutenant
Governor of American Samoa, has
written that several jobs are avail
able in the government of that ter
ritory. Positions in the education
service, general business manage
ment, public works administration,
agriculture, and medical depart
ment are open.
Although Samoa is under the ju
risdiction of the Department of the
Interior, these jobs are not un.'er
the U.S. Civil Service, but involve
contracts between the Samoan gov
ernment end the individual em
ployee.
Further information on these and
other foreign jobs is available at
the Placement Service and at tha
office of Dr. Felix Keeping, Room
207, Department ot Sociology and
Anthropology.

Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of the day
before publication.
John C. Elliott, a Stanford alum
nus and at present the Lieutenant
Governor of American Samoa, has
written that several jobs are avail
able in the government of that ter
ritory. Positions in the education
service, general business manage
ment, public works administration,
agriculture, and medical depart
ment are open.
Although Samoa is under the ju
risdiction of the Department of the
Interior, these jobs are not un.'er
the U.S. Civil Service, but involve
contracts between the Samoan gov
ernment end the individual em
ployee.
Further information on these and
other foreign jobs is available at
the Placement Service and at tha
office of Dr. Felix Keeping, Room
207, Department ot Sociology and
Anthropology.

Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of the day
before publication.
John C. Elliott, a Stanford alum
nus and at present the Lieutenant
Governor of American Samoa, has
written that several jobs are avail
able in the government of that ter
ritory. Positions in the education
service, general business manage
ment, public works administration,
agriculture, and medical depart
ment are open.
Although Samoa is under the ju
risdiction of the Department of the
Interior, these jobs are not un.'er
the U.S. Civil Service, but involve
contracts between the Samoan gov
ernment end the individual em
ployee.
Further information on these and
other foreign jobs is available at
the Placement Service and at tha
office of Dr. Felix Keeping, Room
207, Department ot Sociology and
Anthropology.

Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of the day
before publication.
John C. Elliott, a Stanford alum
nus and at present the Lieutenant
Governor of American Samoa, has
written that several jobs are avail
able in the government of that ter
ritory. Positions in the education
service, general business manage
ment, public works administration,
agriculture, and medical depart
ment are open.
Although Samoa is under the ju
risdiction of the Department of the
Interior, these jobs are not un.'er
the U.S. Civil Service, but involve
contracts between the Samoan gov
ernment end the individual em
ployee.
Further information on these and
other foreign jobs is available at
the Placement Service and at tha
office of Dr. Felix Keeping, Room
207, Department ot Sociology and
Anthropology.

Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of the day
before publication.
John C. Elliott, a Stanford alum
nus and at present the Lieutenant
Governor of American Samoa, has
written that several jobs are avail
able in the government of that ter
ritory. Positions in the education
service, general business manage
ment, public works administration,
agriculture, and medical depart
ment are open.
Although Samoa is under the ju
risdiction of the Department of the
Interior, these jobs are not un.'er
the U.S. Civil Service, but involve
contracts between the Samoan gov
ernment end the individual em
ployee.
Further information on these and
other foreign jobs is available at
the Placement Service and at tha
office of Dr. Felix Keeping, Room
207, Department ot Sociology and
Anthropology.

Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of the day
before publication.
John C. Elliott, a Stanford alum
nus and at present the Lieutenant
Governor of American Samoa, has
written that several jobs are avail
able in the government of that ter
ritory. Positions in the education
service, general business manage
ment, public works administration,
agriculture, and medical depart
ment are open.
Although Samoa is under the ju
risdiction of the Department of the
Interior, these jobs are not un.'er
the U.S. Civil Service, but involve
contracts between the Samoan gov
ernment end the individual em
ployee.
Further information on these and
other foreign jobs is available at
the Placement Service and at tha
office of Dr. Felix Keeping, Room
207, Department ot Sociology and
Anthropology.

Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of the day
before publication.
John C. Elliott, a Stanford alum
nus and at present the Lieutenant
Governor of American Samoa, has
written that several jobs are avail
able in the government of that ter
ritory. Positions in the education
service, general business manage
ment, public works administration,
agriculture, and medical depart
ment are open.
Although Samoa is under the ju
risdiction of the Department of the
Interior, these jobs are not un.'er
the U.S. Civil Service, but involve
contracts between the Samoan gov
ernment end the individual em
ployee.
Further information on these and
other foreign jobs is available at
the Placement Service and at tha
office of Dr. Felix Keeping, Room
207, Department ot Sociology and
Anthropology.

Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of the day
before publication.
John C. Elliott, a Stanford alum
nus and at present the Lieutenant
Governor of American Samoa, has
written that several jobs are avail
able in the government of that ter
ritory. Positions in the education
service, general business manage
ment, public works administration,
agriculture, and medical depart
ment are open.
Although Samoa is under the ju
risdiction of the Department of the
Interior, these jobs are not un.'er
the U.S. Civil Service, but involve
contracts between the Samoan gov
ernment end the individual em
ployee.
Further information on these and
other foreign jobs is available at
the Placement Service and at tha
office of Dr. Felix Keeping, Room
207, Department ot Sociology and
Anthropology.

Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of the day
before publication.
John C. Elliott, a Stanford alum
nus and at present the Lieutenant
Governor of American Samoa, has
written that several jobs are avail
able in the government of that ter
ritory. Positions in the education
service, general business manage
ment, public works administration,
agriculture, and medical depart
ment are open.
Although Samoa is under the ju
risdiction of the Department of the
Interior, these jobs are not un.'er
the U.S. Civil Service, but involve
contracts between the Samoan gov
ernment end the individual em
ployee.
Further information on these and
other foreign jobs is available at
the Placement Service and at tha
office of Dr. Felix Keeping, Room
207, Department ot Sociology and
Anthropology.

Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of the day
before publication.
John C. Elliott, a Stanford alum
nus and at present the Lieutenant
Governor of American Samoa, has
written that several jobs are avail
able in the government of that ter
ritory. Positions in the education
service, general business manage
ment, public works administration,
agriculture, and medical depart
ment are open.
Although Samoa is under the ju
risdiction of the Department of the
Interior, these jobs are not un.'er
the U.S. Civil Service, but involve
contracts between the Samoan gov
ernment end the individual em
ployee.
Further information on these and
other foreign jobs is available at
the Placement Service and at tha
office of Dr. Felix Keeping, Room
207, Department ot Sociology and
Anthropology.

Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of the day
before publication.
John C. Elliott, a Stanford alum
nus and at present the Lieutenant
Governor of American Samoa, has
written that several jobs are avail
able in the government of that ter
ritory. Positions in the education
service, general business manage
ment, public works administration,
agriculture, and medical depart
ment are open.
Although Samoa is under the ju
risdiction of the Department of the
Interior, these jobs are not un.'er
the U.S. Civil Service, but involve
contracts between the Samoan gov
ernment end the individual em
ployee.
Further information on these and
other foreign jobs is available at
the Placement Service and at tha
office of Dr. Felix Keeping, Room
207, Department ot Sociology and
Anthropology.

Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of the day
before publication.
John C. Elliott, a Stanford alum
nus and at present the Lieutenant
Governor of American Samoa, has
written that several jobs are avail
able in the government of that ter
ritory. Positions in the education
service, general business manage
ment, public works administration,
agriculture, and medical depart
ment are open.
Although Samoa is under the ju
risdiction of the Department of the
Interior, these jobs are not un.'er
the U.S. Civil Service, but involve
contracts between the Samoan gov
ernment end the individual em
ployee.
Further information on these and
other foreign jobs is available at
the Placement Service and at tha
office of Dr. Felix Keeping, Room
207, Department ot Sociology and
Anthropology.

Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of the day
before publication.
