# Officials Seek Dead In Cuban Hurricane
## 
### 
HAVANA, Sept. 29 (/P).â€”Civil and
military authorities searched tire
lessly today through storm-swept
central Cuba for victims of the hur
ricane yesterday that cost at least
35 lives. Officials had not com
pleted tonight their check in the
immediate vicinity of Cienfuegos,
but unofficial estimates placed the
number of injured at more than 300.
Aid was being rushed to 47 other
victims of the storm, some seriously
hurt, in villages of the region.
Seventeen bodies were in hospitals
and the morgue at Cienfuegos, three
persons were killed and one was in
jured at Gibara, Oriente Province;
two were killed and 15 injured at
Cumany Agua, where 200 housese
were destroyed, and four bodies
were found at Guajinito. Three were
killed and five injured at Siena.
