# Intramural Football To Start October 8
## 
### 
Football, first of the competitive
intramural sports, is to be organ
ized this week, and actual play is
scheduled for Tuesday, October 8.
The dead-line for all sign-ups is
Friday of this week, and any Enema
teams wishing to compete are re
quired to organize in their respec
tive wings.
Wednesday night at 7:30 o'clock
there is to be an important meeting
of the intramural managers of all
living groups to discuss plans.
Football, first of the competitive
intramural sports, is to be organ
ized this week, and actual play is
scheduled for Tuesday, October 8.
The dead-line for all sign-ups is
Friday of this week, and any Enema
teams wishing to compete are re
quired to organize in their respec
tive wings.
Wednesday night at 7:30 o'clock
there is to be an important meeting
of the intramural managers of all
living groups to discuss plans.
Football, first of the competitive
intramural sports, is to be organ
ized this week, and actual play is
scheduled for Tuesday, October 8.
The dead-line for all sign-ups is
Friday of this week, and any Enema
teams wishing to compete are re
quired to organize in their respec
tive wings.
Wednesday night at 7:30 o'clock
there is to be an important meeting
of the intramural managers of all
living groups to discuss plans.
Football, first of the competitive
intramural sports, is to be organ
ized this week, and actual play is
scheduled for Tuesday, October 8.
The dead-line for all sign-ups is
Friday of this week, and any Enema
teams wishing to compete are re
quired to organize in their respec
tive wings.
Wednesday night at 7:30 o'clock
there is to be an important meeting
of the intramural managers of all
living groups to discuss plans.
Football, first of the competitive
intramural sports, is to be organ
ized this week, and actual play is
scheduled for Tuesday, October 8.
The dead-line for all sign-ups is
Friday of this week, and any Enema
teams wishing to compete are re
quired to organize in their respec
tive wings.
Wednesday night at 7:30 o'clock
there is to be an important meeting
of the intramural managers of all
living groups to discuss plans.
Football, first of the competitive
intramural sports, is to be organ
ized this week, and actual play is
scheduled for Tuesday, October 8.
The dead-line for all sign-ups is
Friday of this week, and any Enema
teams wishing to compete are re
quired to organize in their respec
tive wings.
Wednesday night at 7:30 o'clock
there is to be an important meeting
of the intramural managers of all
living groups to discuss plans.
Football, first of the competitive
intramural sports, is to be organ
ized this week, and actual play is
scheduled for Tuesday, October 8.
The dead-line for all sign-ups is
Friday of this week, and any Enema
teams wishing to compete are re
quired to organize in their respec
tive wings.
Wednesday night at 7:30 o'clock
there is to be an important meeting
of the intramural managers of all
living groups to discuss plans.
Football, first of the competitive
intramural sports, is to be organ
ized this week, and actual play is
scheduled for Tuesday, October 8.
The dead-line for all sign-ups is
Friday of this week, and any Enema
teams wishing to compete are re
quired to organize in their respec
tive wings.
Wednesday night at 7:30 o'clock
there is to be an important meeting
of the intramural managers of all
living groups to discuss plans.
Football, first of the competitive
intramural sports, is to be organ
ized this week, and actual play is
scheduled for Tuesday, October 8.
The dead-line for all sign-ups is
Friday of this week, and any Enema
teams wishing to compete are re
quired to organize in their respec
tive wings.
Wednesday night at 7:30 o'clock
there is to be an important meeting
of the intramural managers of all
living groups to discuss plans.
Football, first of the competitive
intramural sports, is to be organ
ized this week, and actual play is
scheduled for Tuesday, October 8.
The dead-line for all sign-ups is
Friday of this week, and any Enema
teams wishing to compete are re
quired to organize in their respec
tive wings.
Wednesday night at 7:30 o'clock
there is to be an important meeting
of the intramural managers of all
living groups to discuss plans.
Football, first of the competitive
intramural sports, is to be organ
ized this week, and actual play is
scheduled for Tuesday, October 8.
The dead-line for all sign-ups is
Friday of this week, and any Enema
teams wishing to compete are re
quired to organize in their respec
tive wings.
Wednesday night at 7:30 o'clock
there is to be an important meeting
of the intramural managers of all
living groups to discuss plans.
Football, first of the competitive
intramural sports, is to be organ
ized this week, and actual play is
scheduled for Tuesday, October 8.
The dead-line for all sign-ups is
Friday of this week, and any Enema
teams wishing to compete are re
quired to organize in their respec
tive wings.
Wednesday night at 7:30 o'clock
there is to be an important meeting
of the intramural managers of all
living groups to discuss plans.
Football, first of the competitive
intramural sports, is to be organ
ized this week, and actual play is
scheduled for Tuesday, October 8.
The dead-line for all sign-ups is
Friday of this week, and any Enema
teams wishing to compete are re
quired to organize in their respec
tive wings.
Wednesday night at 7:30 o'clock
there is to be an important meeting
of the intramural managers of all
living groups to discuss plans.
Football, first of the competitive
intramural sports, is to be organ
ized this week, and actual play is
scheduled for Tuesday, October 8.
The dead-line for all sign-ups is
Friday of this week, and any Enema
teams wishing to compete are re
quired to organize in their respec
tive wings.
Wednesday night at 7:30 o'clock
there is to be an important meeting
of the intramural managers of all
living groups to discuss plans.
Football, first of the competitive
intramural sports, is to be organ
ized this week, and actual play is
scheduled for Tuesday, October 8.
The dead-line for all sign-ups is
Friday of this week, and any Enema
teams wishing to compete are re
quired to organize in their respec
tive wings.
Wednesday night at 7:30 o'clock
there is to be an important meeting
of the intramural managers of all
living groups to discuss plans.
