# The 						Stanford Daily Sporting World
## Friendly Enemies 
### 

Manager Charley Grimm (left) of the leading Chicago Cubs and
Manager Frankie Frisch of the St. Louis Cardinals were able to get
together in friendly fashion before the start of the game in their
crucial series at St. Louis to decide the National League champion
ship. But all friendship was off once the game started. (Associated
Press Photo)

Manager Charley Grimm (left) of the leading Chicago Cubs and
Manager Frankie Frisch of the St. Louis Cardinals were able to get
together in friendly fashion before the start of the game in their
crucial series at St. Louis to decide the National League champion
ship. But all friendship was off once the game started. (Associated
Press Photo)

Manager Charley Grimm (left) of the leading Chicago Cubs and
Manager Frankie Frisch of the St. Louis Cardinals were able to get
together in friendly fashion before the start of the game in their
crucial series at St. Louis to decide the National League champion
ship. But all friendship was off once the game started. (Associated
Press Photo)

Manager Charley Grimm (left) of the leading Chicago Cubs and
Manager Frankie Frisch of the St. Louis Cardinals were able to get
together in friendly fashion before the start of the game in their
crucial series at St. Louis to decide the National League champion
ship. But all friendship was off once the game started. (Associated
Press Photo)

Manager Charley Grimm (left) of the leading Chicago Cubs and
Manager Frankie Frisch of the St. Louis Cardinals were able to get
together in friendly fashion before the start of the game in their
crucial series at St. Louis to decide the National League champion
ship. But all friendship was off once the game started. (Associated
Press Photo)

Manager Charley Grimm (left) of the leading Chicago Cubs and
Manager Frankie Frisch of the St. Louis Cardinals were able to get
together in friendly fashion before the start of the game in their
crucial series at St. Louis to decide the National League champion
ship. But all friendship was off once the game started. (Associated
Press Photo)

Manager Charley Grimm (left) of the leading Chicago Cubs and
Manager Frankie Frisch of the St. Louis Cardinals were able to get
together in friendly fashion before the start of the game in their
crucial series at St. Louis to decide the National League champion
ship. But all friendship was off once the game started. (Associated
Press Photo)

Manager Charley Grimm (left) of the leading Chicago Cubs and
Manager Frankie Frisch of the St. Louis Cardinals were able to get
together in friendly fashion before the start of the game in their
crucial series at St. Louis to decide the National League champion
ship. But all friendship was off once the game started. (Associated
Press Photo)

Manager Charley Grimm (left) of the leading Chicago Cubs and
Manager Frankie Frisch of the St. Louis Cardinals were able to get
together in friendly fashion before the start of the game in their
crucial series at St. Louis to decide the National League champion
ship. But all friendship was off once the game started. (Associated
Press Photo)

Manager Charley Grimm (left) of the leading Chicago Cubs and
Manager Frankie Frisch of the St. Louis Cardinals were able to get
together in friendly fashion before the start of the game in their
crucial series at St. Louis to decide the National League champion
ship. But all friendship was off once the game started. (Associated
Press Photo)

Manager Charley Grimm (left) of the leading Chicago Cubs and
Manager Frankie Frisch of the St. Louis Cardinals were able to get
together in friendly fashion before the start of the game in their
crucial series at St. Louis to decide the National League champion
ship. But all friendship was off once the game started. (Associated
Press Photo)

Manager Charley Grimm (left) of the leading Chicago Cubs and
Manager Frankie Frisch of the St. Louis Cardinals were able to get
together in friendly fashion before the start of the game in their
crucial series at St. Louis to decide the National League champion
ship. But all friendship was off once the game started. (Associated
Press Photo)

Manager Charley Grimm (left) of the leading Chicago Cubs and
Manager Frankie Frisch of the St. Louis Cardinals were able to get
together in friendly fashion before the start of the game in their
crucial series at St. Louis to decide the National League champion
ship. But all friendship was off once the game started. (Associated
Press Photo)

Manager Charley Grimm (left) of the leading Chicago Cubs and
Manager Frankie Frisch of the St. Louis Cardinals were able to get
together in friendly fashion before the start of the game in their
crucial series at St. Louis to decide the National League champion
ship. But all friendship was off once the game started. (Associated
Press Photo)

Manager Charley Grimm (left) of the leading Chicago Cubs and
Manager Frankie Frisch of the St. Louis Cardinals were able to get
together in friendly fashion before the start of the game in their
crucial series at St. Louis to decide the National League champion
ship. But all friendship was off once the game started. (Associated
Press Photo)
