# Memel Vote Marred By Awkward Ballot
## 
### 
MEMEL, Sept. 29 (/P>. —A crush of
voters, struggling with complicated
balloting procedure, caused the li
brarian today to announce that
Memel's world-publicized election of
a new diet will continue all day to
morrow.
Thousands of voters were unable
to gain admittance to congested
polling stations to register their
choice between German and Lith
uanian candidates.
MEMEL, Sept. 29 (/P>. —A crush of
voters, struggling with complicated
balloting procedure, caused the li
brarian today to announce that
Memel's world-publicized election of
a new diet will continue all day to
morrow.
Thousands of voters were unable
to gain admittance to congested
polling stations to register their
choice between German and Lith
uanian candidates.
MEMEL, Sept. 29 (/P>. —A crush of
voters, struggling with complicated
balloting procedure, caused the li
brarian today to announce that
Memel's world-publicized election of
a new diet will continue all day to
morrow.
Thousands of voters were unable
to gain admittance to congested
polling stations to register their
choice between German and Lith
uanian candidates.
MEMEL, Sept. 29 (/P>. —A crush of
voters, struggling with complicated
balloting procedure, caused the li
brarian today to announce that
Memel's world-publicized election of
a new diet will continue all day to
morrow.
Thousands of voters were unable
to gain admittance to congested
polling stations to register their
choice between German and Lith
uanian candidates.
MEMEL, Sept. 29 (/P>. —A crush of
voters, struggling with complicated
balloting procedure, caused the li
brarian today to announce that
Memel's world-publicized election of
a new diet will continue all day to
morrow.
Thousands of voters were unable
to gain admittance to congested
polling stations to register their
choice between German and Lith
uanian candidates.
MEMEL, Sept. 29 (/P>. —A crush of
voters, struggling with complicated
balloting procedure, caused the li
brarian today to announce that
Memel's world-publicized election of
a new diet will continue all day to
morrow.
Thousands of voters were unable
to gain admittance to congested
polling stations to register their
choice between German and Lith
uanian candidates.
MEMEL, Sept. 29 (/P>. —A crush of
voters, struggling with complicated
balloting procedure, caused the li
brarian today to announce that
Memel's world-publicized election of
a new diet will continue all day to
morrow.
Thousands of voters were unable
to gain admittance to congested
polling stations to register their
choice between German and Lith
uanian candidates.
MEMEL, Sept. 29 (/P>. —A crush of
voters, struggling with complicated
balloting procedure, caused the li
brarian today to announce that
Memel's world-publicized election of
a new diet will continue all day to
morrow.
Thousands of voters were unable
to gain admittance to congested
polling stations to register their
choice between German and Lith
uanian candidates.
MEMEL, Sept. 29 (/P>. —A crush of
voters, struggling with complicated
balloting procedure, caused the li
brarian today to announce that
Memel's world-publicized election of
a new diet will continue all day to
morrow.
Thousands of voters were unable
to gain admittance to congested
polling stations to register their
choice between German and Lith
uanian candidates.
MEMEL, Sept. 29 (/P>. —A crush of
voters, struggling with complicated
balloting procedure, caused the li
brarian today to announce that
Memel's world-publicized election of
a new diet will continue all day to
morrow.
Thousands of voters were unable
to gain admittance to congested
polling stations to register their
choice between German and Lith
uanian candidates.
MEMEL, Sept. 29 (/P>. —A crush of
voters, struggling with complicated
balloting procedure, caused the li
brarian today to announce that
Memel's world-publicized election of
a new diet will continue all day to
morrow.
Thousands of voters were unable
to gain admittance to congested
polling stations to register their
choice between German and Lith
uanian candidates.
MEMEL, Sept. 29 (/P>. —A crush of
voters, struggling with complicated
balloting procedure, caused the li
brarian today to announce that
Memel's world-publicized election of
a new diet will continue all day to
morrow.
Thousands of voters were unable
to gain admittance to congested
polling stations to register their
choice between German and Lith
uanian candidates.
MEMEL, Sept. 29 (/P>. —A crush of
voters, struggling with complicated
balloting procedure, caused the li
brarian today to announce that
Memel's world-publicized election of
a new diet will continue all day to
morrow.
Thousands of voters were unable
to gain admittance to congested
polling stations to register their
choice between German and Lith
uanian candidates.
MEMEL, Sept. 29 (/P>. —A crush of
voters, struggling with complicated
balloting procedure, caused the li
brarian today to announce that
Memel's world-publicized election of
a new diet will continue all day to
morrow.
Thousands of voters were unable
to gain admittance to congested
polling stations to register their
choice between German and Lith
uanian candidates.
MEMEL, Sept. 29 (/P>. —A crush of
voters, struggling with complicated
balloting procedure, caused the li
brarian today to announce that
Memel's world-publicized election of
a new diet will continue all day to
morrow.
Thousands of voters were unable
to gain admittance to congested
polling stations to register their
choice between German and Lith
uanian candidates.
