# No Local Housing Aid Expected by Brandin
## 
### 
The Administration - sponsored
Emergency Housing Bill which
passed the Senate last night will
have little or no effect on Stan
ford's veteran housing program,
according to Alf Brandin, busi
ness manager of the University.
The University's problem is to
obtain housing which may he con
verted into units suitable for vet
erans and their families while the
veterans are attending the Uni
versity. The bill under consider
ation in Congress is directed at
the construction of new low-cost
homes for veterans through sub
sidies to producers of scarce
building materials. Assurance is
made of home mortgages and
preference to veterans in renting
and buying homes built during
the next two years.
The bill will affect only those
students who wish to build per
manent homes in this area, Mr.
Brandin stated.
The Administration - sponsored
Emergency Housing Bill which
passed the Senate last night will
have little or no effect on Stan
ford's veteran housing program,
according to Alf Brandin, busi
ness manager of the University.
The University's problem is to
obtain housing which may he con
verted into units suitable for vet
erans and their families while the
veterans are attending the Uni
versity. The bill under consider
ation in Congress is directed at
the construction of new low-cost
homes for veterans through sub
sidies to producers of scarce
building materials. Assurance is
made of home mortgages and
preference to veterans in renting
and buying homes built during
the next two years.
The bill will affect only those
students who wish to build per
manent homes in this area, Mr.
Brandin stated.
The Administration - sponsored
Emergency Housing Bill which
passed the Senate last night will
have little or no effect on Stan
ford's veteran housing program,
according to Alf Brandin, busi
ness manager of the University.
The University's problem is to
obtain housing which may he con
verted into units suitable for vet
erans and their families while the
veterans are attending the Uni
versity. The bill under consider
ation in Congress is directed at
the construction of new low-cost
homes for veterans through sub
sidies to producers of scarce
building materials. Assurance is
made of home mortgages and
preference to veterans in renting
and buying homes built during
the next two years.
The bill will affect only those
students who wish to build per
manent homes in this area, Mr.
Brandin stated.
The Administration - sponsored
Emergency Housing Bill which
passed the Senate last night will
have little or no effect on Stan
ford's veteran housing program,
according to Alf Brandin, busi
ness manager of the University.
The University's problem is to
obtain housing which may he con
verted into units suitable for vet
erans and their families while the
veterans are attending the Uni
versity. The bill under consider
ation in Congress is directed at
the construction of new low-cost
homes for veterans through sub
sidies to producers of scarce
building materials. Assurance is
made of home mortgages and
preference to veterans in renting
and buying homes built during
the next two years.
The bill will affect only those
students who wish to build per
manent homes in this area, Mr.
Brandin stated.
The Administration - sponsored
Emergency Housing Bill which
passed the Senate last night will
have little or no effect on Stan
ford's veteran housing program,
according to Alf Brandin, busi
ness manager of the University.
The University's problem is to
obtain housing which may he con
verted into units suitable for vet
erans and their families while the
veterans are attending the Uni
versity. The bill under consider
ation in Congress is directed at
the construction of new low-cost
homes for veterans through sub
sidies to producers of scarce
building materials. Assurance is
made of home mortgages and
preference to veterans in renting
and buying homes built during
the next two years.
The bill will affect only those
students who wish to build per
manent homes in this area, Mr.
Brandin stated.
The Administration - sponsored
Emergency Housing Bill which
passed the Senate last night will
have little or no effect on Stan
ford's veteran housing program,
according to Alf Brandin, busi
ness manager of the University.
The University's problem is to
obtain housing which may he con
verted into units suitable for vet
erans and their families while the
veterans are attending the Uni
versity. The bill under consider
ation in Congress is directed at
the construction of new low-cost
homes for veterans through sub
sidies to producers of scarce
building materials. Assurance is
made of home mortgages and
preference to veterans in renting
and buying homes built during
the next two years.
The bill will affect only those
students who wish to build per
manent homes in this area, Mr.
Brandin stated.
The Administration - sponsored
Emergency Housing Bill which
passed the Senate last night will
have little or no effect on Stan
ford's veteran housing program,
according to Alf Brandin, busi
ness manager of the University.
The University's problem is to
obtain housing which may he con
verted into units suitable for vet
erans and their families while the
veterans are attending the Uni
versity. The bill under consider
ation in Congress is directed at
the construction of new low-cost
homes for veterans through sub
sidies to producers of scarce
building materials. Assurance is
made of home mortgages and
preference to veterans in renting
and buying homes built during
the next two years.
The bill will affect only those
students who wish to build per
manent homes in this area, Mr.
Brandin stated.
The Administration - sponsored
Emergency Housing Bill which
passed the Senate last night will
have little or no effect on Stan
ford's veteran housing program,
according to Alf Brandin, busi
ness manager of the University.
The University's problem is to
obtain housing which may he con
verted into units suitable for vet
erans and their families while the
veterans are attending the Uni
versity. The bill under consider
ation in Congress is directed at
the construction of new low-cost
homes for veterans through sub
sidies to producers of scarce
building materials. Assurance is
made of home mortgages and
preference to veterans in renting
and buying homes built during
the next two years.
The bill will affect only those
students who wish to build per
manent homes in this area, Mr.
Brandin stated.
The Administration - sponsored
Emergency Housing Bill which
passed the Senate last night will
have little or no effect on Stan
ford's veteran housing program,
according to Alf Brandin, busi
ness manager of the University.
The University's problem is to
obtain housing which may he con
verted into units suitable for vet
erans and their families while the
veterans are attending the Uni
versity. The bill under consider
ation in Congress is directed at
the construction of new low-cost
homes for veterans through sub
sidies to producers of scarce
building materials. Assurance is
made of home mortgages and
preference to veterans in renting
and buying homes built during
the next two years.
The bill will affect only those
students who wish to build per
manent homes in this area, Mr.
Brandin stated.
The Administration - sponsored
Emergency Housing Bill which
passed the Senate last night will
have little or no effect on Stan
ford's veteran housing program,
according to Alf Brandin, busi
ness manager of the University.
The University's problem is to
obtain housing which may he con
verted into units suitable for vet
erans and their families while the
veterans are attending the Uni
versity. The bill under consider
ation in Congress is directed at
the construction of new low-cost
homes for veterans through sub
sidies to producers of scarce
building materials. Assurance is
made of home mortgages and
preference to veterans in renting
and buying homes built during
the next two years.
The bill will affect only those
students who wish to build per
manent homes in this area, Mr.
Brandin stated.
The Administration - sponsored
Emergency Housing Bill which
passed the Senate last night will
have little or no effect on Stan
ford's veteran housing program,
according to Alf Brandin, busi
ness manager of the University.
The University's problem is to
obtain housing which may he con
verted into units suitable for vet
erans and their families while the
veterans are attending the Uni
versity. The bill under consider
ation in Congress is directed at
the construction of new low-cost
homes for veterans through sub
sidies to producers of scarce
building materials. Assurance is
made of home mortgages and
preference to veterans in renting
and buying homes built during
the next two years.
The bill will affect only those
students who wish to build per
manent homes in this area, Mr.
Brandin stated.
The Administration - sponsored
Emergency Housing Bill which
passed the Senate last night will
have little or no effect on Stan
ford's veteran housing program,
according to Alf Brandin, busi
ness manager of the University.
The University's problem is to
obtain housing which may he con
verted into units suitable for vet
erans and their families while the
veterans are attending the Uni
versity. The bill under consider
ation in Congress is directed at
the construction of new low-cost
homes for veterans through sub
sidies to producers of scarce
building materials. Assurance is
made of home mortgages and
preference to veterans in renting
and buying homes built during
the next two years.
The bill will affect only those
students who wish to build per
manent homes in this area, Mr.
Brandin stated.
The Administration - sponsored
Emergency Housing Bill which
passed the Senate last night will
have little or no effect on Stan
ford's veteran housing program,
according to Alf Brandin, busi
ness manager of the University.
The University's problem is to
obtain housing which may he con
verted into units suitable for vet
erans and their families while the
veterans are attending the Uni
versity. The bill under consider
ation in Congress is directed at
the construction of new low-cost
homes for veterans through sub
sidies to producers of scarce
building materials. Assurance is
made of home mortgages and
preference to veterans in renting
and buying homes built during
the next two years.
The bill will affect only those
students who wish to build per
manent homes in this area, Mr.
Brandin stated.
The Administration - sponsored
Emergency Housing Bill which
passed the Senate last night will
have little or no effect on Stan
ford's veteran housing program,
according to Alf Brandin, busi
ness manager of the University.
The University's problem is to
obtain housing which may he con
verted into units suitable for vet
erans and their families while the
veterans are attending the Uni
versity. The bill under consider
ation in Congress is directed at
the construction of new low-cost
homes for veterans through sub
sidies to producers of scarce
building materials. Assurance is
made of home mortgages and
preference to veterans in renting
and buying homes built during
the next two years.
The bill will affect only those
students who wish to build per
manent homes in this area, Mr.
Brandin stated.
The Administration - sponsored
Emergency Housing Bill which
passed the Senate last night will
have little or no effect on Stan
ford's veteran housing program,
according to Alf Brandin, busi
ness manager of the University.
The University's problem is to
obtain housing which may he con
verted into units suitable for vet
erans and their families while the
veterans are attending the Uni
versity. The bill under consider
ation in Congress is directed at
the construction of new low-cost
homes for veterans through sub
sidies to producers of scarce
building materials. Assurance is
made of home mortgages and
preference to veterans in renting
and buying homes built during
the next two years.
The bill will affect only those
students who wish to build per
manent homes in this area, Mr.
Brandin stated.
