# Students Can Apply For Summer Jobs
## 
### 
Miss Palmer, secretary of the
Student Employment Office, an
nounced today that all students in
terested in summer jobs should
submit their applications promptly
in order that employers may ar- |
range interviews in the early part
of this quarter.
If you are interested in any one
of a variety of jobs open to stu- I
dents during the summer quarter,
such as jobs in summer resorts,
summer camps, Forestry Service
employment, or modeling for the
Stanford Art School, inquire in the
Student Employment Office, located j
in the Administration Building. Ap
plications will be accepted any time
from 8:30 until 5.
Miss Palmer, secretary of the
Student Employment Office, an
nounced today that all students in
terested in summer jobs should
submit their applications promptly
in order that employers may ar- |
range interviews in the early part
of this quarter.
If you are interested in any one
of a variety of jobs open to stu- I
dents during the summer quarter,
such as jobs in summer resorts,
summer camps, Forestry Service
employment, or modeling for the
Stanford Art School, inquire in the
Student Employment Office, located j
in the Administration Building. Ap
plications will be accepted any time
from 8:30 until 5.
Miss Palmer, secretary of the
Student Employment Office, an
nounced today that all students in
terested in summer jobs should
submit their applications promptly
in order that employers may ar- |
range interviews in the early part
of this quarter.
If you are interested in any one
of a variety of jobs open to stu- I
dents during the summer quarter,
such as jobs in summer resorts,
summer camps, Forestry Service
employment, or modeling for the
Stanford Art School, inquire in the
Student Employment Office, located j
in the Administration Building. Ap
plications will be accepted any time
from 8:30 until 5.
Miss Palmer, secretary of the
Student Employment Office, an
nounced today that all students in
terested in summer jobs should
submit their applications promptly
in order that employers may ar- |
range interviews in the early part
of this quarter.
If you are interested in any one
of a variety of jobs open to stu- I
dents during the summer quarter,
such as jobs in summer resorts,
summer camps, Forestry Service
employment, or modeling for the
Stanford Art School, inquire in the
Student Employment Office, located j
in the Administration Building. Ap
plications will be accepted any time
from 8:30 until 5.
Miss Palmer, secretary of the
Student Employment Office, an
nounced today that all students in
terested in summer jobs should
submit their applications promptly
in order that employers may ar- |
range interviews in the early part
of this quarter.
If you are interested in any one
of a variety of jobs open to stu- I
dents during the summer quarter,
such as jobs in summer resorts,
summer camps, Forestry Service
employment, or modeling for the
Stanford Art School, inquire in the
Student Employment Office, located j
in the Administration Building. Ap
plications will be accepted any time
from 8:30 until 5.
Miss Palmer, secretary of the
Student Employment Office, an
nounced today that all students in
terested in summer jobs should
submit their applications promptly
in order that employers may ar- |
range interviews in the early part
of this quarter.
If you are interested in any one
of a variety of jobs open to stu- I
dents during the summer quarter,
such as jobs in summer resorts,
summer camps, Forestry Service
employment, or modeling for the
Stanford Art School, inquire in the
Student Employment Office, located j
in the Administration Building. Ap
plications will be accepted any time
from 8:30 until 5.
Miss Palmer, secretary of the
Student Employment Office, an
nounced today that all students in
terested in summer jobs should
submit their applications promptly
in order that employers may ar- |
range interviews in the early part
of this quarter.
If you are interested in any one
of a variety of jobs open to stu- I
dents during the summer quarter,
such as jobs in summer resorts,
summer camps, Forestry Service
employment, or modeling for the
Stanford Art School, inquire in the
Student Employment Office, located j
in the Administration Building. Ap
plications will be accepted any time
from 8:30 until 5.
Miss Palmer, secretary of the
Student Employment Office, an
nounced today that all students in
terested in summer jobs should
submit their applications promptly
in order that employers may ar- |
range interviews in the early part
of this quarter.
If you are interested in any one
of a variety of jobs open to stu- I
dents during the summer quarter,
such as jobs in summer resorts,
summer camps, Forestry Service
employment, or modeling for the
Stanford Art School, inquire in the
Student Employment Office, located j
in the Administration Building. Ap
plications will be accepted any time
from 8:30 until 5.
Miss Palmer, secretary of the
Student Employment Office, an
nounced today that all students in
terested in summer jobs should
submit their applications promptly
in order that employers may ar- |
range interviews in the early part
of this quarter.
If you are interested in any one
of a variety of jobs open to stu- I
dents during the summer quarter,
such as jobs in summer resorts,
summer camps, Forestry Service
employment, or modeling for the
Stanford Art School, inquire in the
Student Employment Office, located j
in the Administration Building. Ap
plications will be accepted any time
from 8:30 until 5.
Miss Palmer, secretary of the
Student Employment Office, an
nounced today that all students in
terested in summer jobs should
submit their applications promptly
in order that employers may ar- |
range interviews in the early part
of this quarter.
If you are interested in any one
of a variety of jobs open to stu- I
dents during the summer quarter,
such as jobs in summer resorts,
summer camps, Forestry Service
employment, or modeling for the
Stanford Art School, inquire in the
Student Employment Office, located j
in the Administration Building. Ap
plications will be accepted any time
from 8:30 until 5.
Miss Palmer, secretary of the
Student Employment Office, an
nounced today that all students in
terested in summer jobs should
submit their applications promptly
in order that employers may ar- |
range interviews in the early part
of this quarter.
If you are interested in any one
of a variety of jobs open to stu- I
dents during the summer quarter,
such as jobs in summer resorts,
summer camps, Forestry Service
employment, or modeling for the
Stanford Art School, inquire in the
Student Employment Office, located j
in the Administration Building. Ap
plications will be accepted any time
from 8:30 until 5.
Miss Palmer, secretary of the
Student Employment Office, an
nounced today that all students in
terested in summer jobs should
submit their applications promptly
in order that employers may ar- |
range interviews in the early part
of this quarter.
If you are interested in any one
of a variety of jobs open to stu- I
dents during the summer quarter,
such as jobs in summer resorts,
summer camps, Forestry Service
employment, or modeling for the
Stanford Art School, inquire in the
Student Employment Office, located j
in the Administration Building. Ap
plications will be accepted any time
from 8:30 until 5.
Miss Palmer, secretary of the
Student Employment Office, an
nounced today that all students in
terested in summer jobs should
submit their applications promptly
in order that employers may ar- |
range interviews in the early part
of this quarter.
If you are interested in any one
of a variety of jobs open to stu- I
dents during the summer quarter,
such as jobs in summer resorts,
summer camps, Forestry Service
employment, or modeling for the
Stanford Art School, inquire in the
Student Employment Office, located j
in the Administration Building. Ap
plications will be accepted any time
from 8:30 until 5.
Miss Palmer, secretary of the
Student Employment Office, an
nounced today that all students in
terested in summer jobs should
submit their applications promptly
in order that employers may ar- |
range interviews in the early part
of this quarter.
If you are interested in any one
of a variety of jobs open to stu- I
dents during the summer quarter,
such as jobs in summer resorts,
summer camps, Forestry Service
employment, or modeling for the
Stanford Art School, inquire in the
Student Employment Office, located j
in the Administration Building. Ap
plications will be accepted any time
from 8:30 until 5.
Miss Palmer, secretary of the
Student Employment Office, an
nounced today that all students in
terested in summer jobs should
submit their applications promptly
in order that employers may ar- |
range interviews in the early part
of this quarter.
If you are interested in any one
of a variety of jobs open to stu- I
dents during the summer quarter,
such as jobs in summer resorts,
summer camps, Forestry Service
employment, or modeling for the
Stanford Art School, inquire in the
Student Employment Office, located j
in the Administration Building. Ap
plications will be accepted any time
from 8:30 until 5.
