# Pan-American Day Observed Sunday
## 
### 
Sigma Delta Pi. the Spanish hon
orary society, will celebrate Pan
American Day Sunday at 7:30 p.m.
in the Cubberley Auditorium.
Two color movies will be shown,
one on Buenos Aires and the other
on Rio de Janeiro. Plans are now
being made for musical entertain
ment such as dancing or a guitar
player.
Chris Beck, president of Sigma
Delta Pi, is general chairman for
the affair.
Sigma Delta Pi. the Spanish hon
orary society, will celebrate Pan
American Day Sunday at 7:30 p.m.
in the Cubberley Auditorium.
Two color movies will be shown,
one on Buenos Aires and the other
on Rio de Janeiro. Plans are now
being made for musical entertain
ment such as dancing or a guitar
player.
Chris Beck, president of Sigma
Delta Pi, is general chairman for
the affair.
Sigma Delta Pi. the Spanish hon
orary society, will celebrate Pan
American Day Sunday at 7:30 p.m.
in the Cubberley Auditorium.
Two color movies will be shown,
one on Buenos Aires and the other
on Rio de Janeiro. Plans are now
being made for musical entertain
ment such as dancing or a guitar
player.
Chris Beck, president of Sigma
Delta Pi, is general chairman for
the affair.
Sigma Delta Pi. the Spanish hon
orary society, will celebrate Pan
American Day Sunday at 7:30 p.m.
in the Cubberley Auditorium.
Two color movies will be shown,
one on Buenos Aires and the other
on Rio de Janeiro. Plans are now
being made for musical entertain
ment such as dancing or a guitar
player.
Chris Beck, president of Sigma
Delta Pi, is general chairman for
the affair.
Sigma Delta Pi. the Spanish hon
orary society, will celebrate Pan
American Day Sunday at 7:30 p.m.
in the Cubberley Auditorium.
Two color movies will be shown,
one on Buenos Aires and the other
on Rio de Janeiro. Plans are now
being made for musical entertain
ment such as dancing or a guitar
player.
Chris Beck, president of Sigma
Delta Pi, is general chairman for
the affair.
Sigma Delta Pi. the Spanish hon
orary society, will celebrate Pan
American Day Sunday at 7:30 p.m.
in the Cubberley Auditorium.
Two color movies will be shown,
one on Buenos Aires and the other
on Rio de Janeiro. Plans are now
being made for musical entertain
ment such as dancing or a guitar
player.
Chris Beck, president of Sigma
Delta Pi, is general chairman for
the affair.
Sigma Delta Pi. the Spanish hon
orary society, will celebrate Pan
American Day Sunday at 7:30 p.m.
in the Cubberley Auditorium.
Two color movies will be shown,
one on Buenos Aires and the other
on Rio de Janeiro. Plans are now
being made for musical entertain
ment such as dancing or a guitar
player.
Chris Beck, president of Sigma
Delta Pi, is general chairman for
the affair.
Sigma Delta Pi. the Spanish hon
orary society, will celebrate Pan
American Day Sunday at 7:30 p.m.
in the Cubberley Auditorium.
Two color movies will be shown,
one on Buenos Aires and the other
on Rio de Janeiro. Plans are now
being made for musical entertain
ment such as dancing or a guitar
player.
Chris Beck, president of Sigma
Delta Pi, is general chairman for
the affair.
Sigma Delta Pi. the Spanish hon
orary society, will celebrate Pan
American Day Sunday at 7:30 p.m.
in the Cubberley Auditorium.
Two color movies will be shown,
one on Buenos Aires and the other
on Rio de Janeiro. Plans are now
being made for musical entertain
ment such as dancing or a guitar
player.
Chris Beck, president of Sigma
Delta Pi, is general chairman for
the affair.
Sigma Delta Pi. the Spanish hon
orary society, will celebrate Pan
American Day Sunday at 7:30 p.m.
in the Cubberley Auditorium.
Two color movies will be shown,
one on Buenos Aires and the other
on Rio de Janeiro. Plans are now
being made for musical entertain
ment such as dancing or a guitar
player.
Chris Beck, president of Sigma
Delta Pi, is general chairman for
the affair.
Sigma Delta Pi. the Spanish hon
orary society, will celebrate Pan
American Day Sunday at 7:30 p.m.
in the Cubberley Auditorium.
Two color movies will be shown,
one on Buenos Aires and the other
on Rio de Janeiro. Plans are now
being made for musical entertain
ment such as dancing or a guitar
player.
Chris Beck, president of Sigma
Delta Pi, is general chairman for
the affair.
Sigma Delta Pi. the Spanish hon
orary society, will celebrate Pan
American Day Sunday at 7:30 p.m.
in the Cubberley Auditorium.
Two color movies will be shown,
one on Buenos Aires and the other
on Rio de Janeiro. Plans are now
being made for musical entertain
ment such as dancing or a guitar
player.
Chris Beck, president of Sigma
Delta Pi, is general chairman for
the affair.
Sigma Delta Pi. the Spanish hon
orary society, will celebrate Pan
American Day Sunday at 7:30 p.m.
in the Cubberley Auditorium.
Two color movies will be shown,
one on Buenos Aires and the other
on Rio de Janeiro. Plans are now
being made for musical entertain
ment such as dancing or a guitar
player.
Chris Beck, president of Sigma
Delta Pi, is general chairman for
the affair.
Sigma Delta Pi. the Spanish hon
orary society, will celebrate Pan
American Day Sunday at 7:30 p.m.
in the Cubberley Auditorium.
Two color movies will be shown,
one on Buenos Aires and the other
on Rio de Janeiro. Plans are now
being made for musical entertain
ment such as dancing or a guitar
player.
Chris Beck, president of Sigma
Delta Pi, is general chairman for
the affair.
Sigma Delta Pi. the Spanish hon
orary society, will celebrate Pan
American Day Sunday at 7:30 p.m.
in the Cubberley Auditorium.
Two color movies will be shown,
one on Buenos Aires and the other
on Rio de Janeiro. Plans are now
being made for musical entertain
ment such as dancing or a guitar
player.
Chris Beck, president of Sigma
Delta Pi, is general chairman for
the affair.
