# Bulletin Board
## 
### 
SIGMA ALPHA EPSILON mem
bers on campus are requested to
mail postcards giving their ad
dresses to Bill Walsh, P.O. Box
130, Stanford University.
ORCIiESIS members are invited to
attend the showing of modern
dance films in tha Physical Edu
cation Building today. The films
will be run at 11 a.m., 3 p.m., 4
p.m., and 5 p.m.
ADVISORY BOARD of Women's
Conference will meet at 2 p.m.
today in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. It is an im
portant meeting and members are
urged to be prompt.
MEN'S COUNCIL will meet this
afternoon at 1 in the Excom room,
according to Don Bechter, chair
man of the Council.
GRADUATE WOMEN will meet for
luncheon in the Women's Club
house at noon today. (See story
on page 1.)
