# Untitled Article
## 
### 

It's off to a campus dance for Gene Martin and Ruth Gumbrecht. And the danca
can't miss with Ruth in this black, gray, and green sheer crepe dress from Caro
lyn Kelsey. Gene's suit comes from the U. S. Navy. photo by Modica

It's off to a campus dance for Gene Martin and Ruth Gumbrecht. And the danca
can't miss with Ruth in this black, gray, and green sheer crepe dress from Caro
lyn Kelsey. Gene's suit comes from the U. S. Navy. photo by Modica

It's off to a campus dance for Gene Martin and Ruth Gumbrecht. And the danca
can't miss with Ruth in this black, gray, and green sheer crepe dress from Caro
lyn Kelsey. Gene's suit comes from the U. S. Navy. photo by Modica

It's off to a campus dance for Gene Martin and Ruth Gumbrecht. And the danca
can't miss with Ruth in this black, gray, and green sheer crepe dress from Caro
lyn Kelsey. Gene's suit comes from the U. S. Navy. photo by Modica

It's off to a campus dance for Gene Martin and Ruth Gumbrecht. And the danca
can't miss with Ruth in this black, gray, and green sheer crepe dress from Caro
lyn Kelsey. Gene's suit comes from the U. S. Navy. photo by Modica

It's off to a campus dance for Gene Martin and Ruth Gumbrecht. And the danca
can't miss with Ruth in this black, gray, and green sheer crepe dress from Caro
lyn Kelsey. Gene's suit comes from the U. S. Navy. photo by Modica

It's off to a campus dance for Gene Martin and Ruth Gumbrecht. And the danca
can't miss with Ruth in this black, gray, and green sheer crepe dress from Caro
lyn Kelsey. Gene's suit comes from the U. S. Navy. photo by Modica

It's off to a campus dance for Gene Martin and Ruth Gumbrecht. And the danca
can't miss with Ruth in this black, gray, and green sheer crepe dress from Caro
lyn Kelsey. Gene's suit comes from the U. S. Navy. photo by Modica

It's off to a campus dance for Gene Martin and Ruth Gumbrecht. And the danca
can't miss with Ruth in this black, gray, and green sheer crepe dress from Caro
lyn Kelsey. Gene's suit comes from the U. S. Navy. photo by Modica

It's off to a campus dance for Gene Martin and Ruth Gumbrecht. And the danca
can't miss with Ruth in this black, gray, and green sheer crepe dress from Caro
lyn Kelsey. Gene's suit comes from the U. S. Navy. photo by Modica

It's off to a campus dance for Gene Martin and Ruth Gumbrecht. And the danca
can't miss with Ruth in this black, gray, and green sheer crepe dress from Caro
lyn Kelsey. Gene's suit comes from the U. S. Navy. photo by Modica

It's off to a campus dance for Gene Martin and Ruth Gumbrecht. And the danca
can't miss with Ruth in this black, gray, and green sheer crepe dress from Caro
lyn Kelsey. Gene's suit comes from the U. S. Navy. photo by Modica

It's off to a campus dance for Gene Martin and Ruth Gumbrecht. And the danca
can't miss with Ruth in this black, gray, and green sheer crepe dress from Caro
lyn Kelsey. Gene's suit comes from the U. S. Navy. photo by Modica

It's off to a campus dance for Gene Martin and Ruth Gumbrecht. And the danca
can't miss with Ruth in this black, gray, and green sheer crepe dress from Caro
lyn Kelsey. Gene's suit comes from the U. S. Navy. photo by Modica

It's off to a campus dance for Gene Martin and Ruth Gumbrecht. And the danca
can't miss with Ruth in this black, gray, and green sheer crepe dress from Caro
lyn Kelsey. Gene's suit comes from the U. S. Navy. photo by Modica
