# Poles Say Nazis Sheltered in Spain
## 
### 
NEW YORK. April 10 (UP).—
Poland, demanding United Nations
action against Generalissimo Fran
cisco Franco, charged today that
German scientists sheltered in Spain
may b- working—under Spanish
auspices—on atomic bomb and rock
et research.
Dr. Oscar Lange, chief Polish del
egate to the U.N. Security Council,
demanded in a formal letter to U.N.
Secretary General Trygve that
Siction be taken against the Franco
regime as a danger to international
peace and security.
Asserting that Franco had given
haven to hordes of Nazi war crim
inals and leaders who continued
their activities on Spanish soil,
Lange .said that the Nationalist re
gime:
". . . allows and promotes scien
tific research by German scientists
engaged in devising new means of
warfare."
Authoritative Polish sources sup
plemented this by disclosing that
Poland has evidence indicating that
German scientists working under
Spanish auspices inside Spain are
engaged in atomic, rocket, radar,
and other research
