# MONROE
## Midnight Show Amid Snow, Firs 
### 
Monroe Boozers have extended an
invitation to the entire campus to
attend their extravaganza dance pro
duction. "Wintertime," which will be
held among the snow-covered pines
and palm trees of Monroe Lodge this
Saturday evening.
The Boozers promise an exciting
midnight show featuring such well
known campus talent as Joe Slier,
Pinkie Tanner, Branner's Les Alex
ander, Ric Supple, Doug DeLac, and
Boyd Seymour, according to- Bob
Rubenstein, director of the dance.
Music of the best bands of the
country will play for Lodge dancers
as ( hey sway to the flashing of bulbs
of Quad photographers who will be
on hand to photograph the event.
Patrons for the dance are Dr. and
Mrs. Max Savelle, Mr. and Mrs. Carl
Thomas, and Dr. Bacon.
