# WHO HAS 860?
## 
### 
Whoever bought number 860 Quad
please show up at the Quad office.
Whoever bought number 860 Quad
please show up at the Quad office.
Whoever bought number 860 Quad
please show up at the Quad office.
Whoever bought number 860 Quad
please show up at the Quad office.
Whoever bought number 860 Quad
please show up at the Quad office.
Whoever bought number 860 Quad
please show up at the Quad office.
Whoever bought number 860 Quad
please show up at the Quad office.
Whoever bought number 860 Quad
please show up at the Quad office.
Whoever bought number 860 Quad
please show up at the Quad office.
Whoever bought number 860 Quad
please show up at the Quad office.
Whoever bought number 860 Quad
please show up at the Quad office.
Whoever bought number 860 Quad
please show up at the Quad office.
Whoever bought number 860 Quad
please show up at the Quad office.
Whoever bought number 860 Quad
please show up at the Quad office.
Whoever bought number 860 Quad
please show up at the Quad office.
Whoever bought number 860 Quad
please show up at the Quad office.
