# Will Meet on Tuesdays.
## 
### 
At the last meeting of Abbott's
Inn Moot Court the members voted
to change the night of meeting
from Saturday night to Tuesday
night. The court meets every two
weeks.
At the last meeting of Abbott's
Inn Moot Court the members voted
to change the night of meeting
from Saturday night to Tuesday
night. The court meets every two
weeks.
At the last meeting of Abbott's
Inn Moot Court the members voted
to change the night of meeting
from Saturday night to Tuesday
night. The court meets every two
weeks.
At the last meeting of Abbott's
Inn Moot Court the members voted
to change the night of meeting
from Saturday night to Tuesday
night. The court meets every two
weeks.
At the last meeting of Abbott's
Inn Moot Court the members voted
to change the night of meeting
from Saturday night to Tuesday
night. The court meets every two
weeks.
At the last meeting of Abbott's
Inn Moot Court the members voted
to change the night of meeting
from Saturday night to Tuesday
night. The court meets every two
weeks.
At the last meeting of Abbott's
Inn Moot Court the members voted
to change the night of meeting
from Saturday night to Tuesday
night. The court meets every two
weeks.
At the last meeting of Abbott's
Inn Moot Court the members voted
to change the night of meeting
from Saturday night to Tuesday
night. The court meets every two
weeks.
