# Ushers for Intercollegiate Game.
## 
### 
The following men have been
appointed ushers to serve at the in
tercollegiate game: F. L. Everson,
C. A. Ball, F. Meyer, C. N. Leach,
G. O. Spurrier, W. G. Burr, F. 8.
Wilhelm, E. Meikeljohn, W. E.
Turner, H. A. Cruzan, L. N. Ed
wards, C. H. Paxton, W. A. Paxton,
C. A. Beardsley, H. W. Bell, L. A.
Henley, E. C. Cope, W. J. Morin,
F. S. Holman, J. O. Miller, H.
llhyne, N. E. Shutt, A. G. Stanley,
J. Mori, G. M. Thomas, N. K. Car
penter, C. A. Lantz, C. Peach, R. L.
Crowfoot, O. S. Lousley.G. E.Pres
ley, N. F. Crone, C. K. Stud ley, D.
Gardner, W. E. Billings, C. N. El
well.
'the ushers are notified that they
are to meet at the new California
Held promptly at 12:30 Saturday,
when they will be given badges by
the head ushers and assigned to
sections.
