# Rooters Must Wear Red Hats.
## 
### 
Attention is called to the fact
that the men who pit in the Stan
ford rooting section of the bleach
ers at the intercollegiate game Sat
urday will he required to wear the
regular cardinal rooter's hat. The
official hat is at the Haberdasher
in Palo Alto. All ordered hats
will he held until 7 o'clock Friday
evening. Students wishing their
hats delivered should send their
orders to the store, or leave them
with C. B. Taylor, '06, room 193
Encina Hall, before noon to-mor
row, November 11th.
Attention is called to the fact
that the men who pit in the Stan
ford rooting section of the bleach
ers at the intercollegiate game Sat
urday will he required to wear the
regular cardinal rooter's hat. The
official hat is at the Haberdasher
in Palo Alto. All ordered hats
will he held until 7 o'clock Friday
evening. Students wishing their
hats delivered should send their
orders to the store, or leave them
with C. B. Taylor, '06, room 193
Encina Hall, before noon to-mor
row, November 11th.
Attention is called to the fact
that the men who pit in the Stan
ford rooting section of the bleach
ers at the intercollegiate game Sat
urday will he required to wear the
regular cardinal rooter's hat. The
official hat is at the Haberdasher
in Palo Alto. All ordered hats
will he held until 7 o'clock Friday
evening. Students wishing their
hats delivered should send their
orders to the store, or leave them
with C. B. Taylor, '06, room 193
Encina Hall, before noon to-mor
row, November 11th.
Attention is called to the fact
that the men who pit in the Stan
ford rooting section of the bleach
ers at the intercollegiate game Sat
urday will he required to wear the
regular cardinal rooter's hat. The
official hat is at the Haberdasher
in Palo Alto. All ordered hats
will he held until 7 o'clock Friday
evening. Students wishing their
hats delivered should send their
orders to the store, or leave them
with C. B. Taylor, '06, room 193
Encina Hall, before noon to-mor
row, November 11th.
Attention is called to the fact
that the men who pit in the Stan
ford rooting section of the bleach
ers at the intercollegiate game Sat
urday will he required to wear the
regular cardinal rooter's hat. The
official hat is at the Haberdasher
in Palo Alto. All ordered hats
will he held until 7 o'clock Friday
evening. Students wishing their
hats delivered should send their
orders to the store, or leave them
with C. B. Taylor, '06, room 193
Encina Hall, before noon to-mor
row, November 11th.
Attention is called to the fact
that the men who pit in the Stan
ford rooting section of the bleach
ers at the intercollegiate game Sat
urday will he required to wear the
regular cardinal rooter's hat. The
official hat is at the Haberdasher
in Palo Alto. All ordered hats
will he held until 7 o'clock Friday
evening. Students wishing their
hats delivered should send their
orders to the store, or leave them
with C. B. Taylor, '06, room 193
Encina Hall, before noon to-mor
row, November 11th.
Attention is called to the fact
that the men who pit in the Stan
ford rooting section of the bleach
ers at the intercollegiate game Sat
urday will he required to wear the
regular cardinal rooter's hat. The
official hat is at the Haberdasher
in Palo Alto. All ordered hats
will he held until 7 o'clock Friday
evening. Students wishing their
hats delivered should send their
orders to the store, or leave them
with C. B. Taylor, '06, room 193
Encina Hall, before noon to-mor
row, November 11th.
Attention is called to the fact
that the men who pit in the Stan
ford rooting section of the bleach
ers at the intercollegiate game Sat
urday will he required to wear the
regular cardinal rooter's hat. The
official hat is at the Haberdasher
in Palo Alto. All ordered hats
will he held until 7 o'clock Friday
evening. Students wishing their
hats delivered should send their
orders to the store, or leave them
with C. B. Taylor, '06, room 193
Encina Hall, before noon to-mor
row, November 11th.
