# Farm Equestrians To Vie Saturday
## 
### 
Stanford's second annual horse
show will be held at 1:30 Saturday
afternoon at the Red Barn. The en
try lists are open to Stanford stu
dents only, but admission is open
to the general public.
Admission is free, but reserved
seat tickets may be obtained with
out charge at the Women's Gym or
it the Red Barn.
There wi!l be 13 events which will
include jumping, polo, a drill team
from the WAA, and riding by the
English and Western equitation
classes. As a special event, Jim
Scott will give an exhibition of
trick and fancy roping.
Mrs. Maud Knapp, director of the
women's physical education depart
ment, will present the trophies.
Perpetual trophies will be awarded
in the polo pony class and the ad
vanced equitation class.
Stanford's second annual horse
show will be held at 1:30 Saturday
afternoon at the Red Barn. The en
try lists are open to Stanford stu
dents only, but admission is open
to the general public.
Admission is free, but reserved
seat tickets may be obtained with
out charge at the Women's Gym or
it the Red Barn.
There wi!l be 13 events which will
include jumping, polo, a drill team
from the WAA, and riding by the
English and Western equitation
classes. As a special event, Jim
Scott will give an exhibition of
trick and fancy roping.
Mrs. Maud Knapp, director of the
women's physical education depart
ment, will present the trophies.
Perpetual trophies will be awarded
in the polo pony class and the ad
vanced equitation class.
Stanford's second annual horse
show will be held at 1:30 Saturday
afternoon at the Red Barn. The en
try lists are open to Stanford stu
dents only, but admission is open
to the general public.
Admission is free, but reserved
seat tickets may be obtained with
out charge at the Women's Gym or
it the Red Barn.
There wi!l be 13 events which will
include jumping, polo, a drill team
from the WAA, and riding by the
English and Western equitation
classes. As a special event, Jim
Scott will give an exhibition of
trick and fancy roping.
Mrs. Maud Knapp, director of the
women's physical education depart
ment, will present the trophies.
Perpetual trophies will be awarded
in the polo pony class and the ad
vanced equitation class.
Stanford's second annual horse
show will be held at 1:30 Saturday
afternoon at the Red Barn. The en
try lists are open to Stanford stu
dents only, but admission is open
to the general public.
Admission is free, but reserved
seat tickets may be obtained with
out charge at the Women's Gym or
it the Red Barn.
There wi!l be 13 events which will
include jumping, polo, a drill team
from the WAA, and riding by the
English and Western equitation
classes. As a special event, Jim
Scott will give an exhibition of
trick and fancy roping.
Mrs. Maud Knapp, director of the
women's physical education depart
ment, will present the trophies.
Perpetual trophies will be awarded
in the polo pony class and the ad
vanced equitation class.
Stanford's second annual horse
show will be held at 1:30 Saturday
afternoon at the Red Barn. The en
try lists are open to Stanford stu
dents only, but admission is open
to the general public.
Admission is free, but reserved
seat tickets may be obtained with
out charge at the Women's Gym or
it the Red Barn.
There wi!l be 13 events which will
include jumping, polo, a drill team
from the WAA, and riding by the
English and Western equitation
classes. As a special event, Jim
Scott will give an exhibition of
trick and fancy roping.
Mrs. Maud Knapp, director of the
women's physical education depart
ment, will present the trophies.
Perpetual trophies will be awarded
in the polo pony class and the ad
vanced equitation class.
Stanford's second annual horse
show will be held at 1:30 Saturday
afternoon at the Red Barn. The en
try lists are open to Stanford stu
dents only, but admission is open
to the general public.
Admission is free, but reserved
seat tickets may be obtained with
out charge at the Women's Gym or
it the Red Barn.
There wi!l be 13 events which will
include jumping, polo, a drill team
from the WAA, and riding by the
English and Western equitation
classes. As a special event, Jim
Scott will give an exhibition of
trick and fancy roping.
Mrs. Maud Knapp, director of the
women's physical education depart
ment, will present the trophies.
Perpetual trophies will be awarded
in the polo pony class and the ad
vanced equitation class.
Stanford's second annual horse
show will be held at 1:30 Saturday
afternoon at the Red Barn. The en
try lists are open to Stanford stu
dents only, but admission is open
to the general public.
Admission is free, but reserved
seat tickets may be obtained with
out charge at the Women's Gym or
it the Red Barn.
There wi!l be 13 events which will
include jumping, polo, a drill team
from the WAA, and riding by the
English and Western equitation
classes. As a special event, Jim
Scott will give an exhibition of
trick and fancy roping.
Mrs. Maud Knapp, director of the
women's physical education depart
ment, will present the trophies.
Perpetual trophies will be awarded
in the polo pony class and the ad
vanced equitation class.
Stanford's second annual horse
show will be held at 1:30 Saturday
afternoon at the Red Barn. The en
try lists are open to Stanford stu
dents only, but admission is open
to the general public.
Admission is free, but reserved
seat tickets may be obtained with
out charge at the Women's Gym or
it the Red Barn.
There wi!l be 13 events which will
include jumping, polo, a drill team
from the WAA, and riding by the
English and Western equitation
classes. As a special event, Jim
Scott will give an exhibition of
trick and fancy roping.
Mrs. Maud Knapp, director of the
women's physical education depart
ment, will present the trophies.
Perpetual trophies will be awarded
in the polo pony class and the ad
vanced equitation class.
Stanford's second annual horse
show will be held at 1:30 Saturday
afternoon at the Red Barn. The en
try lists are open to Stanford stu
dents only, but admission is open
to the general public.
Admission is free, but reserved
seat tickets may be obtained with
out charge at the Women's Gym or
it the Red Barn.
There wi!l be 13 events which will
include jumping, polo, a drill team
from the WAA, and riding by the
English and Western equitation
classes. As a special event, Jim
Scott will give an exhibition of
trick and fancy roping.
Mrs. Maud Knapp, director of the
women's physical education depart
ment, will present the trophies.
Perpetual trophies will be awarded
in the polo pony class and the ad
vanced equitation class.
Stanford's second annual horse
show will be held at 1:30 Saturday
afternoon at the Red Barn. The en
try lists are open to Stanford stu
dents only, but admission is open
to the general public.
Admission is free, but reserved
seat tickets may be obtained with
out charge at the Women's Gym or
it the Red Barn.
There wi!l be 13 events which will
include jumping, polo, a drill team
from the WAA, and riding by the
English and Western equitation
classes. As a special event, Jim
Scott will give an exhibition of
trick and fancy roping.
Mrs. Maud Knapp, director of the
women's physical education depart
ment, will present the trophies.
Perpetual trophies will be awarded
in the polo pony class and the ad
vanced equitation class.
Stanford's second annual horse
show will be held at 1:30 Saturday
afternoon at the Red Barn. The en
try lists are open to Stanford stu
dents only, but admission is open
to the general public.
Admission is free, but reserved
seat tickets may be obtained with
out charge at the Women's Gym or
it the Red Barn.
There wi!l be 13 events which will
include jumping, polo, a drill team
from the WAA, and riding by the
English and Western equitation
classes. As a special event, Jim
Scott will give an exhibition of
trick and fancy roping.
Mrs. Maud Knapp, director of the
women's physical education depart
ment, will present the trophies.
Perpetual trophies will be awarded
in the polo pony class and the ad
vanced equitation class.
Stanford's second annual horse
show will be held at 1:30 Saturday
afternoon at the Red Barn. The en
try lists are open to Stanford stu
dents only, but admission is open
to the general public.
Admission is free, but reserved
seat tickets may be obtained with
out charge at the Women's Gym or
it the Red Barn.
There wi!l be 13 events which will
include jumping, polo, a drill team
from the WAA, and riding by the
English and Western equitation
classes. As a special event, Jim
Scott will give an exhibition of
trick and fancy roping.
Mrs. Maud Knapp, director of the
women's physical education depart
ment, will present the trophies.
Perpetual trophies will be awarded
in the polo pony class and the ad
vanced equitation class.
Stanford's second annual horse
show will be held at 1:30 Saturday
afternoon at the Red Barn. The en
try lists are open to Stanford stu
dents only, but admission is open
to the general public.
Admission is free, but reserved
seat tickets may be obtained with
out charge at the Women's Gym or
it the Red Barn.
There wi!l be 13 events which will
include jumping, polo, a drill team
from the WAA, and riding by the
English and Western equitation
classes. As a special event, Jim
Scott will give an exhibition of
trick and fancy roping.
Mrs. Maud Knapp, director of the
women's physical education depart
ment, will present the trophies.
Perpetual trophies will be awarded
in the polo pony class and the ad
vanced equitation class.
Stanford's second annual horse
show will be held at 1:30 Saturday
afternoon at the Red Barn. The en
try lists are open to Stanford stu
dents only, but admission is open
to the general public.
Admission is free, but reserved
seat tickets may be obtained with
out charge at the Women's Gym or
it the Red Barn.
There wi!l be 13 events which will
include jumping, polo, a drill team
from the WAA, and riding by the
English and Western equitation
classes. As a special event, Jim
Scott will give an exhibition of
trick and fancy roping.
Mrs. Maud Knapp, director of the
women's physical education depart
ment, will present the trophies.
Perpetual trophies will be awarded
in the polo pony class and the ad
vanced equitation class.
