# MEMORIAL SERVICE
## 
### 
A brief memorial service for Wil
.iam W. Hansen, physics professor i
and pioneer in radar development,
will be held tomorrow at noon.
David L. Webster, also from the i
physics department, will give a
short talk at the Memorial Church
service.
A brief memorial service for Wil
.iam W. Hansen, physics professor i
and pioneer in radar development,
will be held tomorrow at noon.
David L. Webster, also from the i
physics department, will give a
short talk at the Memorial Church
service.
A brief memorial service for Wil
.iam W. Hansen, physics professor i
and pioneer in radar development,
will be held tomorrow at noon.
David L. Webster, also from the i
physics department, will give a
short talk at the Memorial Church
service.
A brief memorial service for Wil
.iam W. Hansen, physics professor i
and pioneer in radar development,
will be held tomorrow at noon.
David L. Webster, also from the i
physics department, will give a
short talk at the Memorial Church
service.
A brief memorial service for Wil
.iam W. Hansen, physics professor i
and pioneer in radar development,
will be held tomorrow at noon.
David L. Webster, also from the i
physics department, will give a
short talk at the Memorial Church
service.
A brief memorial service for Wil
.iam W. Hansen, physics professor i
and pioneer in radar development,
will be held tomorrow at noon.
David L. Webster, also from the i
physics department, will give a
short talk at the Memorial Church
service.
A brief memorial service for Wil
.iam W. Hansen, physics professor i
and pioneer in radar development,
will be held tomorrow at noon.
David L. Webster, also from the i
physics department, will give a
short talk at the Memorial Church
service.
A brief memorial service for Wil
.iam W. Hansen, physics professor i
and pioneer in radar development,
will be held tomorrow at noon.
David L. Webster, also from the i
physics department, will give a
short talk at the Memorial Church
service.
A brief memorial service for Wil
.iam W. Hansen, physics professor i
and pioneer in radar development,
will be held tomorrow at noon.
David L. Webster, also from the i
physics department, will give a
short talk at the Memorial Church
service.
A brief memorial service for Wil
.iam W. Hansen, physics professor i
and pioneer in radar development,
will be held tomorrow at noon.
David L. Webster, also from the i
physics department, will give a
short talk at the Memorial Church
service.
A brief memorial service for Wil
.iam W. Hansen, physics professor i
and pioneer in radar development,
will be held tomorrow at noon.
David L. Webster, also from the i
physics department, will give a
short talk at the Memorial Church
service.
A brief memorial service for Wil
.iam W. Hansen, physics professor i
and pioneer in radar development,
will be held tomorrow at noon.
David L. Webster, also from the i
physics department, will give a
short talk at the Memorial Church
service.
A brief memorial service for Wil
.iam W. Hansen, physics professor i
and pioneer in radar development,
will be held tomorrow at noon.
David L. Webster, also from the i
physics department, will give a
short talk at the Memorial Church
service.
A brief memorial service for Wil
.iam W. Hansen, physics professor i
and pioneer in radar development,
will be held tomorrow at noon.
David L. Webster, also from the i
physics department, will give a
short talk at the Memorial Church
service.
