# Cigarette Starts Automobile Blaze
## 
### 
A smoldering cigarette sparked a
fire which did more than $100 dam
age to a car owned by Stanford
student Bevel ly Kitching yesterday
at 3:15 p.m.
A smoldering cigarette sparked a
fire which did more than $100 dam
age to a car owned by Stanford
student Bevel ly Kitching yesterday
at 3:15 p.m.
A smoldering cigarette sparked a
fire which did more than $100 dam
age to a car owned by Stanford
student Bevel ly Kitching yesterday
at 3:15 p.m.
A smoldering cigarette sparked a
fire which did more than $100 dam
age to a car owned by Stanford
student Bevel ly Kitching yesterday
at 3:15 p.m.
A smoldering cigarette sparked a
fire which did more than $100 dam
age to a car owned by Stanford
student Bevel ly Kitching yesterday
at 3:15 p.m.
A smoldering cigarette sparked a
fire which did more than $100 dam
age to a car owned by Stanford
student Bevel ly Kitching yesterday
at 3:15 p.m.
A smoldering cigarette sparked a
fire which did more than $100 dam
age to a car owned by Stanford
student Bevel ly Kitching yesterday
at 3:15 p.m.
A smoldering cigarette sparked a
fire which did more than $100 dam
age to a car owned by Stanford
student Bevel ly Kitching yesterday
at 3:15 p.m.
A smoldering cigarette sparked a
fire which did more than $100 dam
age to a car owned by Stanford
student Bevel ly Kitching yesterday
at 3:15 p.m.
A smoldering cigarette sparked a
fire which did more than $100 dam
age to a car owned by Stanford
student Bevel ly Kitching yesterday
at 3:15 p.m.
A smoldering cigarette sparked a
fire which did more than $100 dam
age to a car owned by Stanford
student Bevel ly Kitching yesterday
at 3:15 p.m.
A smoldering cigarette sparked a
fire which did more than $100 dam
age to a car owned by Stanford
student Bevel ly Kitching yesterday
at 3:15 p.m.
A smoldering cigarette sparked a
fire which did more than $100 dam
age to a car owned by Stanford
student Bevel ly Kitching yesterday
at 3:15 p.m.
A smoldering cigarette sparked a
fire which did more than $100 dam
age to a car owned by Stanford
student Bevel ly Kitching yesterday
at 3:15 p.m.
A smoldering cigarette sparked a
fire which did more than $100 dam
age to a car owned by Stanford
student Bevel ly Kitching yesterday
at 3:15 p.m.
A smoldering cigarette sparked a
fire which did more than $100 dam
age to a car owned by Stanford
student Bevel ly Kitching yesterday
at 3:15 p.m.
