# Director Needed For Fall Gaieties
## 
### 
Nominations arc now open for a
director for the Fall Gaieties. In
tcrested students are asked to ap
ply at the Ram's Head office, which
will be open from I to 4 every
weekday until April 15, when nom
ination time will end. Directing ex
perience is required, and musical
experience is strongly desired.
The director receives a salary of
$80 and is in charge of and respon
sible for the entire Gaieties. The
choice will he made by the Ram's
Head Board, and will be announced
April 17.
Nominations arc now open for a
director for the Fall Gaieties. In
tcrested students are asked to ap
ply at the Ram's Head office, which
will be open from I to 4 every
weekday until April 15, when nom
ination time will end. Directing ex
perience is required, and musical
experience is strongly desired.
The director receives a salary of
$80 and is in charge of and respon
sible for the entire Gaieties. The
choice will he made by the Ram's
Head Board, and will be announced
April 17.
Nominations arc now open for a
director for the Fall Gaieties. In
tcrested students are asked to ap
ply at the Ram's Head office, which
will be open from I to 4 every
weekday until April 15, when nom
ination time will end. Directing ex
perience is required, and musical
experience is strongly desired.
The director receives a salary of
$80 and is in charge of and respon
sible for the entire Gaieties. The
choice will he made by the Ram's
Head Board, and will be announced
April 17.
Nominations arc now open for a
director for the Fall Gaieties. In
tcrested students are asked to ap
ply at the Ram's Head office, which
will be open from I to 4 every
weekday until April 15, when nom
ination time will end. Directing ex
perience is required, and musical
experience is strongly desired.
The director receives a salary of
$80 and is in charge of and respon
sible for the entire Gaieties. The
choice will he made by the Ram's
Head Board, and will be announced
April 17.
Nominations arc now open for a
director for the Fall Gaieties. In
tcrested students are asked to ap
ply at the Ram's Head office, which
will be open from I to 4 every
weekday until April 15, when nom
ination time will end. Directing ex
perience is required, and musical
experience is strongly desired.
The director receives a salary of
$80 and is in charge of and respon
sible for the entire Gaieties. The
choice will he made by the Ram's
Head Board, and will be announced
April 17.
Nominations arc now open for a
director for the Fall Gaieties. In
tcrested students are asked to ap
ply at the Ram's Head office, which
will be open from I to 4 every
weekday until April 15, when nom
ination time will end. Directing ex
perience is required, and musical
experience is strongly desired.
The director receives a salary of
$80 and is in charge of and respon
sible for the entire Gaieties. The
choice will he made by the Ram's
Head Board, and will be announced
April 17.
Nominations arc now open for a
director for the Fall Gaieties. In
tcrested students are asked to ap
ply at the Ram's Head office, which
will be open from I to 4 every
weekday until April 15, when nom
ination time will end. Directing ex
perience is required, and musical
experience is strongly desired.
The director receives a salary of
$80 and is in charge of and respon
sible for the entire Gaieties. The
choice will he made by the Ram's
Head Board, and will be announced
April 17.
Nominations arc now open for a
director for the Fall Gaieties. In
tcrested students are asked to ap
ply at the Ram's Head office, which
will be open from I to 4 every
weekday until April 15, when nom
ination time will end. Directing ex
perience is required, and musical
experience is strongly desired.
The director receives a salary of
$80 and is in charge of and respon
sible for the entire Gaieties. The
choice will he made by the Ram's
Head Board, and will be announced
April 17.
Nominations arc now open for a
director for the Fall Gaieties. In
tcrested students are asked to ap
ply at the Ram's Head office, which
will be open from I to 4 every
weekday until April 15, when nom
ination time will end. Directing ex
perience is required, and musical
experience is strongly desired.
The director receives a salary of
$80 and is in charge of and respon
sible for the entire Gaieties. The
choice will he made by the Ram's
Head Board, and will be announced
April 17.
Nominations arc now open for a
director for the Fall Gaieties. In
tcrested students are asked to ap
ply at the Ram's Head office, which
will be open from I to 4 every
weekday until April 15, when nom
ination time will end. Directing ex
perience is required, and musical
experience is strongly desired.
The director receives a salary of
$80 and is in charge of and respon
sible for the entire Gaieties. The
choice will he made by the Ram's
Head Board, and will be announced
April 17.
Nominations arc now open for a
director for the Fall Gaieties. In
tcrested students are asked to ap
ply at the Ram's Head office, which
will be open from I to 4 every
weekday until April 15, when nom
ination time will end. Directing ex
perience is required, and musical
experience is strongly desired.
The director receives a salary of
$80 and is in charge of and respon
sible for the entire Gaieties. The
choice will he made by the Ram's
Head Board, and will be announced
April 17.
Nominations arc now open for a
director for the Fall Gaieties. In
tcrested students are asked to ap
ply at the Ram's Head office, which
will be open from I to 4 every
weekday until April 15, when nom
ination time will end. Directing ex
perience is required, and musical
experience is strongly desired.
The director receives a salary of
$80 and is in charge of and respon
sible for the entire Gaieties. The
choice will he made by the Ram's
Head Board, and will be announced
April 17.
Nominations arc now open for a
director for the Fall Gaieties. In
tcrested students are asked to ap
ply at the Ram's Head office, which
will be open from I to 4 every
weekday until April 15, when nom
ination time will end. Directing ex
perience is required, and musical
experience is strongly desired.
The director receives a salary of
$80 and is in charge of and respon
sible for the entire Gaieties. The
choice will he made by the Ram's
Head Board, and will be announced
April 17.
Nominations arc now open for a
director for the Fall Gaieties. In
tcrested students are asked to ap
ply at the Ram's Head office, which
will be open from I to 4 every
weekday until April 15, when nom
ination time will end. Directing ex
perience is required, and musical
experience is strongly desired.
The director receives a salary of
$80 and is in charge of and respon
sible for the entire Gaieties. The
choice will he made by the Ram's
Head Board, and will be announced
April 17.
Nominations arc now open for a
director for the Fall Gaieties. In
tcrested students are asked to ap
ply at the Ram's Head office, which
will be open from I to 4 every
weekday until April 15, when nom
ination time will end. Directing ex
perience is required, and musical
experience is strongly desired.
The director receives a salary of
$80 and is in charge of and respon
sible for the entire Gaieties. The
choice will he made by the Ram's
Head Board, and will be announced
April 17.
Nominations arc now open for a
director for the Fall Gaieties. In
tcrested students are asked to ap
ply at the Ram's Head office, which
will be open from I to 4 every
weekday until April 15, when nom
ination time will end. Directing ex
perience is required, and musical
experience is strongly desired.
The director receives a salary of
$80 and is in charge of and respon
sible for the entire Gaieties. The
choice will he made by the Ram's
Head Board, and will be announced
April 17.
