# Scientists to Meet
## 
### 
Three Stanford physiology pro
fessors will be in New York next
week to take part in important pro
fessional meetings.
Dr. .J. Percy Baumberger, who is
already in the East to attend the
conference on field physiology be
ing sponsored in Baltimore by the
Office of Naval Research and the
American Institute of Biological
Sciences, will take part in the edi
torial board conferences in New
York of the Annual Review of
Physiology and Physiological Re
views.
Professors J. M. Crismon and
Ronald Grant will join Dr. Baum
betvrer in New York lor the April
14-18 meeting of the 'American
Physiological Society. I)r. Cris
tnoii will also contribute to the
Annual Review of Physiology
editorial meeting.
The three professors will attend
the sessions of the American Phys
iological Society.
Professor Grant will present a
research paper on the site of action
of bacterial pyrogens. Professor
Baumberger will report on his in
vestigations with his Stanford col
league Dr. Gabor Markus in meas
uring the oxygen delivery function
of blood by electrochemical meth
ods.
