# UNUSUAL CAREER OPENING
## 
### 
In an uncrowded profession with
excellent earning and growth op
portunities offered a graduate stu
dent. Opening (or men, or women
—man arid wife—wives of under
graduates, with Educational Divi
sion ol Marshall Held owned enter
prise. Personal interview arranged.
Write fully giving phone, age, and
e*pertence 1o C C. Rea, Western
Manager, 3'jM 21st Street, Oakland
I 2, California.
In an uncrowded profession with
excellent earning and growth op
portunities offered a graduate stu
dent. Opening (or men, or women
—man arid wife—wives of under
graduates, with Educational Divi
sion ol Marshall Held owned enter
prise. Personal interview arranged.
Write fully giving phone, age, and
e*pertence 1o C C. Rea, Western
Manager, 3'jM 21st Street, Oakland
I 2, California.
In an uncrowded profession with
excellent earning and growth op
portunities offered a graduate stu
dent. Opening (or men, or women
—man arid wife—wives of under
graduates, with Educational Divi
sion ol Marshall Held owned enter
prise. Personal interview arranged.
Write fully giving phone, age, and
e*pertence 1o C C. Rea, Western
Manager, 3'jM 21st Street, Oakland
I 2, California.
In an uncrowded profession with
excellent earning and growth op
portunities offered a graduate stu
dent. Opening (or men, or women
—man arid wife—wives of under
graduates, with Educational Divi
sion ol Marshall Held owned enter
prise. Personal interview arranged.
Write fully giving phone, age, and
e*pertence 1o C C. Rea, Western
Manager, 3'jM 21st Street, Oakland
I 2, California.
In an uncrowded profession with
excellent earning and growth op
portunities offered a graduate stu
dent. Opening (or men, or women
—man arid wife—wives of under
graduates, with Educational Divi
sion ol Marshall Held owned enter
prise. Personal interview arranged.
Write fully giving phone, age, and
e*pertence 1o C C. Rea, Western
Manager, 3'jM 21st Street, Oakland
I 2, California.
In an uncrowded profession with
excellent earning and growth op
portunities offered a graduate stu
dent. Opening (or men, or women
—man arid wife—wives of under
graduates, with Educational Divi
sion ol Marshall Held owned enter
prise. Personal interview arranged.
Write fully giving phone, age, and
e*pertence 1o C C. Rea, Western
Manager, 3'jM 21st Street, Oakland
I 2, California.
In an uncrowded profession with
excellent earning and growth op
portunities offered a graduate stu
dent. Opening (or men, or women
—man arid wife—wives of under
graduates, with Educational Divi
sion ol Marshall Held owned enter
prise. Personal interview arranged.
Write fully giving phone, age, and
e*pertence 1o C C. Rea, Western
Manager, 3'jM 21st Street, Oakland
I 2, California.
In an uncrowded profession with
excellent earning and growth op
portunities offered a graduate stu
dent. Opening (or men, or women
—man arid wife—wives of under
graduates, with Educational Divi
sion ol Marshall Held owned enter
prise. Personal interview arranged.
Write fully giving phone, age, and
e*pertence 1o C C. Rea, Western
Manager, 3'jM 21st Street, Oakland
I 2, California.
In an uncrowded profession with
excellent earning and growth op
portunities offered a graduate stu
dent. Opening (or men, or women
—man arid wife—wives of under
graduates, with Educational Divi
sion ol Marshall Held owned enter
prise. Personal interview arranged.
Write fully giving phone, age, and
e*pertence 1o C C. Rea, Western
Manager, 3'jM 21st Street, Oakland
I 2, California.
In an uncrowded profession with
excellent earning and growth op
portunities offered a graduate stu
dent. Opening (or men, or women
—man arid wife—wives of under
graduates, with Educational Divi
sion ol Marshall Held owned enter
prise. Personal interview arranged.
Write fully giving phone, age, and
e*pertence 1o C C. Rea, Western
Manager, 3'jM 21st Street, Oakland
I 2, California.
In an uncrowded profession with
excellent earning and growth op
portunities offered a graduate stu
dent. Opening (or men, or women
—man arid wife—wives of under
graduates, with Educational Divi
sion ol Marshall Held owned enter
prise. Personal interview arranged.
Write fully giving phone, age, and
e*pertence 1o C C. Rea, Western
Manager, 3'jM 21st Street, Oakland
I 2, California.
In an uncrowded profession with
excellent earning and growth op
portunities offered a graduate stu
dent. Opening (or men, or women
—man arid wife—wives of under
graduates, with Educational Divi
sion ol Marshall Held owned enter
prise. Personal interview arranged.
Write fully giving phone, age, and
e*pertence 1o C C. Rea, Western
Manager, 3'jM 21st Street, Oakland
I 2, California.
In an uncrowded profession with
excellent earning and growth op
portunities offered a graduate stu
dent. Opening (or men, or women
—man arid wife—wives of under
graduates, with Educational Divi
sion ol Marshall Held owned enter
prise. Personal interview arranged.
Write fully giving phone, age, and
e*pertence 1o C C. Rea, Western
Manager, 3'jM 21st Street, Oakland
I 2, California.
In an uncrowded profession with
excellent earning and growth op
portunities offered a graduate stu
dent. Opening (or men, or women
—man arid wife—wives of under
graduates, with Educational Divi
sion ol Marshall Held owned enter
prise. Personal interview arranged.
Write fully giving phone, age, and
e*pertence 1o C C. Rea, Western
Manager, 3'jM 21st Street, Oakland
I 2, California.
In an uncrowded profession with
excellent earning and growth op
portunities offered a graduate stu
dent. Opening (or men, or women
—man arid wife—wives of under
graduates, with Educational Divi
sion ol Marshall Held owned enter
prise. Personal interview arranged.
Write fully giving phone, age, and
e*pertence 1o C C. Rea, Western
Manager, 3'jM 21st Street, Oakland
I 2, California.
In an uncrowded profession with
excellent earning and growth op
portunities offered a graduate stu
dent. Opening (or men, or women
—man arid wife—wives of under
graduates, with Educational Divi
sion ol Marshall Held owned enter
prise. Personal interview arranged.
Write fully giving phone, age, and
e*pertence 1o C C. Rea, Western
Manager, 3'jM 21st Street, Oakland
I 2, California.
