# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad is 5 p.m. (lie day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad is 5 p.m. (lie day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad is 5 p.m. (lie day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad is 5 p.m. (lie day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad is 5 p.m. (lie day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad is 5 p.m. (lie day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad is 5 p.m. (lie day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad is 5 p.m. (lie day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad is 5 p.m. (lie day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad is 5 p.m. (lie day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad is 5 p.m. (lie day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad is 5 p.m. (lie day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad is 5 p.m. (lie day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad is 5 p.m. (lie day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad is 5 p.m. (lie day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad is 5 p.m. (lie day before
publication.
