# Adv. 16 Page 4
## 
### 
GOOD FOOD
FOUNTAIN
AT THE
INDBAN
DRIVE-IN
ACROSS FROM STADIUM
ON EL CAMtNO REAL
"AFTER HOURS" FUN
We know how it is to be
bitten by the "gardening
bug." V/e say more power
to you! See us for seeds
and a full line of Ortho-
Pest Control products.
FREE—HOME GARDEN
ING GUIDE
234 Hamilton Ave.
Palo Alto
GOOD FOOD
FOUNTAIN
AT THE
INDBAN
DRIVE-IN
ACROSS FROM STADIUM
ON EL CAMtNO REAL
"AFTER HOURS" FUN
We know how it is to be
bitten by the "gardening
bug." V/e say more power
to you! See us for seeds
and a full line of Ortho-
Pest Control products.
FREE—HOME GARDEN
ING GUIDE
234 Hamilton Ave.
Palo Alto
GOOD FOOD
FOUNTAIN
AT THE
INDBAN
DRIVE-IN
ACROSS FROM STADIUM
ON EL CAMtNO REAL
"AFTER HOURS" FUN
We know how it is to be
bitten by the "gardening
bug." V/e say more power
to you! See us for seeds
and a full line of Ortho-
Pest Control products.
FREE—HOME GARDEN
ING GUIDE
234 Hamilton Ave.
Palo Alto
GOOD FOOD
FOUNTAIN
AT THE
INDBAN
DRIVE-IN
ACROSS FROM STADIUM
ON EL CAMtNO REAL
"AFTER HOURS" FUN
We know how it is to be
bitten by the "gardening
bug." V/e say more power
to you! See us for seeds
and a full line of Ortho-
Pest Control products.
FREE—HOME GARDEN
ING GUIDE
234 Hamilton Ave.
Palo Alto
GOOD FOOD
FOUNTAIN
AT THE
INDBAN
DRIVE-IN
ACROSS FROM STADIUM
ON EL CAMtNO REAL
"AFTER HOURS" FUN
We know how it is to be
bitten by the "gardening
bug." V/e say more power
to you! See us for seeds
and a full line of Ortho-
Pest Control products.
FREE—HOME GARDEN
ING GUIDE
234 Hamilton Ave.
Palo Alto
GOOD FOOD
FOUNTAIN
AT THE
INDBAN
DRIVE-IN
ACROSS FROM STADIUM
ON EL CAMtNO REAL
"AFTER HOURS" FUN
We know how it is to be
bitten by the "gardening
bug." V/e say more power
to you! See us for seeds
and a full line of Ortho-
Pest Control products.
FREE—HOME GARDEN
ING GUIDE
234 Hamilton Ave.
Palo Alto
GOOD FOOD
FOUNTAIN
AT THE
INDBAN
DRIVE-IN
ACROSS FROM STADIUM
ON EL CAMtNO REAL
"AFTER HOURS" FUN
We know how it is to be
bitten by the "gardening
bug." V/e say more power
to you! See us for seeds
and a full line of Ortho-
Pest Control products.
FREE—HOME GARDEN
ING GUIDE
234 Hamilton Ave.
Palo Alto
GOOD FOOD
FOUNTAIN
AT THE
INDBAN
DRIVE-IN
ACROSS FROM STADIUM
ON EL CAMtNO REAL
"AFTER HOURS" FUN
We know how it is to be
bitten by the "gardening
bug." V/e say more power
to you! See us for seeds
and a full line of Ortho-
Pest Control products.
FREE—HOME GARDEN
ING GUIDE
234 Hamilton Ave.
Palo Alto
GOOD FOOD
FOUNTAIN
AT THE
INDBAN
DRIVE-IN
ACROSS FROM STADIUM
ON EL CAMtNO REAL
"AFTER HOURS" FUN
We know how it is to be
bitten by the "gardening
bug." V/e say more power
to you! See us for seeds
and a full line of Ortho-
Pest Control products.
FREE—HOME GARDEN
ING GUIDE
234 Hamilton Ave.
Palo Alto
GOOD FOOD
FOUNTAIN
AT THE
INDBAN
DRIVE-IN
ACROSS FROM STADIUM
ON EL CAMtNO REAL
"AFTER HOURS" FUN
We know how it is to be
bitten by the "gardening
bug." V/e say more power
to you! See us for seeds
and a full line of Ortho-
Pest Control products.
FREE—HOME GARDEN
ING GUIDE
234 Hamilton Ave.
Palo Alto
GOOD FOOD
FOUNTAIN
AT THE
INDBAN
DRIVE-IN
ACROSS FROM STADIUM
ON EL CAMtNO REAL
"AFTER HOURS" FUN
We know how it is to be
bitten by the "gardening
bug." V/e say more power
to you! See us for seeds
and a full line of Ortho-
Pest Control products.
FREE—HOME GARDEN
ING GUIDE
234 Hamilton Ave.
Palo Alto
GOOD FOOD
FOUNTAIN
AT THE
INDBAN
DRIVE-IN
ACROSS FROM STADIUM
ON EL CAMtNO REAL
"AFTER HOURS" FUN
We know how it is to be
bitten by the "gardening
bug." V/e say more power
to you! See us for seeds
and a full line of Ortho-
Pest Control products.
FREE—HOME GARDEN
ING GUIDE
234 Hamilton Ave.
Palo Alto
GOOD FOOD
FOUNTAIN
AT THE
INDBAN
DRIVE-IN
ACROSS FROM STADIUM
ON EL CAMtNO REAL
"AFTER HOURS" FUN
We know how it is to be
bitten by the "gardening
bug." V/e say more power
to you! See us for seeds
and a full line of Ortho-
Pest Control products.
FREE—HOME GARDEN
ING GUIDE
234 Hamilton Ave.
Palo Alto
GOOD FOOD
FOUNTAIN
AT THE
INDBAN
DRIVE-IN
ACROSS FROM STADIUM
ON EL CAMtNO REAL
"AFTER HOURS" FUN
We know how it is to be
bitten by the "gardening
bug." V/e say more power
to you! See us for seeds
and a full line of Ortho-
Pest Control products.
FREE—HOME GARDEN
ING GUIDE
234 Hamilton Ave.
Palo Alto
GOOD FOOD
FOUNTAIN
AT THE
INDBAN
DRIVE-IN
ACROSS FROM STADIUM
ON EL CAMtNO REAL
"AFTER HOURS" FUN
We know how it is to be
bitten by the "gardening
bug." V/e say more power
to you! See us for seeds
and a full line of Ortho-
Pest Control products.
FREE—HOME GARDEN
ING GUIDE
234 Hamilton Ave.
Palo Alto
GOOD FOOD
FOUNTAIN
AT THE
INDBAN
DRIVE-IN
ACROSS FROM STADIUM
ON EL CAMtNO REAL
"AFTER HOURS" FUN
We know how it is to be
bitten by the "gardening
bug." V/e say more power
to you! See us for seeds
and a full line of Ortho-
Pest Control products.
FREE—HOME GARDEN
ING GUIDE
234 Hamilton Ave.
Palo Alto
GOOD FOOD
FOUNTAIN
AT THE
INDBAN
DRIVE-IN
ACROSS FROM STADIUM
ON EL CAMtNO REAL
"AFTER HOURS" FUN
We know how it is to be
bitten by the "gardening
bug." V/e say more power
to you! See us for seeds
and a full line of Ortho-
Pest Control products.
FREE—HOME GARDEN
ING GUIDE
234 Hamilton Ave.
Palo Alto
GOOD FOOD
FOUNTAIN
AT THE
INDBAN
DRIVE-IN
ACROSS FROM STADIUM
ON EL CAMtNO REAL
"AFTER HOURS" FUN
We know how it is to be
bitten by the "gardening
bug." V/e say more power
to you! See us for seeds
and a full line of Ortho-
Pest Control products.
FREE—HOME GARDEN
ING GUIDE
234 Hamilton Ave.
Palo Alto
