# Joe Louis May Get Draft Exemption
## 
### 
Although Joe Louis, world's
championship heavyweight prize
fighter, announced recently that he
is ready and willing to serve his
country in case he is drafted, he
will probably be placed in Class 3
when the time comes. Joe is mar
ried, and a little Joe is expected
this summer.
Although Joe Louis, world's
championship heavyweight prize
fighter, announced recently that he
is ready and willing to serve his
country in case he is drafted, he
will probably be placed in Class 3
when the time comes. Joe is mar
ried, and a little Joe is expected
this summer.
Although Joe Louis, world's
championship heavyweight prize
fighter, announced recently that he
is ready and willing to serve his
country in case he is drafted, he
will probably be placed in Class 3
when the time comes. Joe is mar
ried, and a little Joe is expected
this summer.
Although Joe Louis, world's
championship heavyweight prize
fighter, announced recently that he
is ready and willing to serve his
country in case he is drafted, he
will probably be placed in Class 3
when the time comes. Joe is mar
ried, and a little Joe is expected
this summer.
Although Joe Louis, world's
championship heavyweight prize
fighter, announced recently that he
is ready and willing to serve his
country in case he is drafted, he
will probably be placed in Class 3
when the time comes. Joe is mar
ried, and a little Joe is expected
this summer.
Although Joe Louis, world's
championship heavyweight prize
fighter, announced recently that he
is ready and willing to serve his
country in case he is drafted, he
will probably be placed in Class 3
when the time comes. Joe is mar
ried, and a little Joe is expected
this summer.
Although Joe Louis, world's
championship heavyweight prize
fighter, announced recently that he
is ready and willing to serve his
country in case he is drafted, he
will probably be placed in Class 3
when the time comes. Joe is mar
ried, and a little Joe is expected
this summer.
Although Joe Louis, world's
championship heavyweight prize
fighter, announced recently that he
is ready and willing to serve his
country in case he is drafted, he
will probably be placed in Class 3
when the time comes. Joe is mar
ried, and a little Joe is expected
this summer.
Although Joe Louis, world's
championship heavyweight prize
fighter, announced recently that he
is ready and willing to serve his
country in case he is drafted, he
will probably be placed in Class 3
when the time comes. Joe is mar
ried, and a little Joe is expected
this summer.
Although Joe Louis, world's
championship heavyweight prize
fighter, announced recently that he
is ready and willing to serve his
country in case he is drafted, he
will probably be placed in Class 3
when the time comes. Joe is mar
ried, and a little Joe is expected
this summer.
Although Joe Louis, world's
championship heavyweight prize
fighter, announced recently that he
is ready and willing to serve his
country in case he is drafted, he
will probably be placed in Class 3
when the time comes. Joe is mar
ried, and a little Joe is expected
this summer.
Although Joe Louis, world's
championship heavyweight prize
fighter, announced recently that he
is ready and willing to serve his
country in case he is drafted, he
will probably be placed in Class 3
when the time comes. Joe is mar
ried, and a little Joe is expected
this summer.
Although Joe Louis, world's
championship heavyweight prize
fighter, announced recently that he
is ready and willing to serve his
country in case he is drafted, he
will probably be placed in Class 3
when the time comes. Joe is mar
ried, and a little Joe is expected
this summer.
Although Joe Louis, world's
championship heavyweight prize
fighter, announced recently that he
is ready and willing to serve his
country in case he is drafted, he
will probably be placed in Class 3
when the time comes. Joe is mar
ried, and a little Joe is expected
this summer.
Although Joe Louis, world's
championship heavyweight prize
fighter, announced recently that he
is ready and willing to serve his
country in case he is drafted, he
will probably be placed in Class 3
when the time comes. Joe is mar
ried, and a little Joe is expected
this summer.
Although Joe Louis, world's
championship heavyweight prize
fighter, announced recently that he
is ready and willing to serve his
country in case he is drafted, he
will probably be placed in Class 3
when the time comes. Joe is mar
ried, and a little Joe is expected
this summer.
Although Joe Louis, world's
championship heavyweight prize
fighter, announced recently that he
is ready and willing to serve his
country in case he is drafted, he
will probably be placed in Class 3
when the time comes. Joe is mar
ried, and a little Joe is expected
this summer.
Although Joe Louis, world's
championship heavyweight prize
fighter, announced recently that he
is ready and willing to serve his
country in case he is drafted, he
will probably be placed in Class 3
when the time comes. Joe is mar
ried, and a little Joe is expected
this summer.
