# SARONGS IN STYLE
## 
### 
Sarongs will show their influence
in bathing suits, evening dresses,
hostess gowns and beach robes.
Sarongs will show their influence
in bathing suits, evening dresses,
hostess gowns and beach robes.
Sarongs will show their influence
in bathing suits, evening dresses,
hostess gowns and beach robes.
Sarongs will show their influence
in bathing suits, evening dresses,
hostess gowns and beach robes.
Sarongs will show their influence
in bathing suits, evening dresses,
hostess gowns and beach robes.
Sarongs will show their influence
in bathing suits, evening dresses,
hostess gowns and beach robes.
Sarongs will show their influence
in bathing suits, evening dresses,
hostess gowns and beach robes.
Sarongs will show their influence
in bathing suits, evening dresses,
hostess gowns and beach robes.
Sarongs will show their influence
in bathing suits, evening dresses,
hostess gowns and beach robes.
Sarongs will show their influence
in bathing suits, evening dresses,
hostess gowns and beach robes.
Sarongs will show their influence
in bathing suits, evening dresses,
hostess gowns and beach robes.
Sarongs will show their influence
in bathing suits, evening dresses,
hostess gowns and beach robes.
Sarongs will show their influence
in bathing suits, evening dresses,
hostess gowns and beach robes.
Sarongs will show their influence
in bathing suits, evening dresses,
hostess gowns and beach robes.
Sarongs will show their influence
in bathing suits, evening dresses,
hostess gowns and beach robes.
Sarongs will show their influence
in bathing suits, evening dresses,
hostess gowns and beach robes.
Sarongs will show their influence
in bathing suits, evening dresses,
hostess gowns and beach robes.
Sarongs will show their influence
in bathing suits, evening dresses,
hostess gowns and beach robes.
