# Netmen Challenge California Club
## 
### 
The varsity tennis team, after a
terrific victory over San Francisco
State last week-end, holds its sec
ond meet of the season tomorrow
with the California Tennis Club at
2 o'clock on the varsity courts.
Larry Dee, runner-up in the
Northern California championship
matches held recently in San Fran
cisco, will lead the Indian attack
aided by Jimmy Wade, Bob Low,
Emery Neale, Tom Kruger, Chuck
Hutchison, Jack Gurley, Stan Owen,
A1 Rose, and Harper Ink.
Also on the tennis program for
Saturday will be the frosh matches
with St. Ignatius High School at
9:30 o'clock. Bruce Wylie will play
number one, followed by Don Sals
bury, Emery Rogers, and Zook Sut
ton. There is a possibility of some
other spots being open, which will
be filled by Frank Tibbetts, Ralph
Hays, Norm Green, Jay Levy, Paul
Shaw, and Jim Wolfard.
