# A. O. PI PLEDGES
## 
### 
Pan-Hellenic Council announces
the pledging of Pauline Smith to
Alpha Omicron Pi.
Pan-Hellenic Council announces
the pledging of Pauline Smith to
Alpha Omicron Pi.
Pan-Hellenic Council announces
the pledging of Pauline Smith to
Alpha Omicron Pi.
Pan-Hellenic Council announces
the pledging of Pauline Smith to
Alpha Omicron Pi.
Pan-Hellenic Council announces
the pledging of Pauline Smith to
Alpha Omicron Pi.
Pan-Hellenic Council announces
the pledging of Pauline Smith to
Alpha Omicron Pi.
Pan-Hellenic Council announces
the pledging of Pauline Smith to
Alpha Omicron Pi.
Pan-Hellenic Council announces
the pledging of Pauline Smith to
Alpha Omicron Pi.
Pan-Hellenic Council announces
the pledging of Pauline Smith to
Alpha Omicron Pi.
Pan-Hellenic Council announces
the pledging of Pauline Smith to
Alpha Omicron Pi.
Pan-Hellenic Council announces
the pledging of Pauline Smith to
Alpha Omicron Pi.
Pan-Hellenic Council announces
the pledging of Pauline Smith to
Alpha Omicron Pi.
Pan-Hellenic Council announces
the pledging of Pauline Smith to
Alpha Omicron Pi.
Pan-Hellenic Council announces
the pledging of Pauline Smith to
Alpha Omicron Pi.
Pan-Hellenic Council announces
the pledging of Pauline Smith to
Alpha Omicron Pi.
Pan-Hellenic Council announces
the pledging of Pauline Smith to
Alpha Omicron Pi.
Pan-Hellenic Council announces
the pledging of Pauline Smith to
Alpha Omicron Pi.
Pan-Hellenic Council announces
the pledging of Pauline Smith to
Alpha Omicron Pi.
