# PARASOLS ARE BACK
## 
### 
"Parasols are back . . . printed
cotton for beach wear . . . pat
terned silk for afternoon wear."—
From Stanford Daily, Feb. 28, 1936.
"Parasols are back . . . printed
cotton for beach wear . . . pat
terned silk for afternoon wear."—
From Stanford Daily, Feb. 28, 1936.
"Parasols are back . . . printed
cotton for beach wear . . . pat
terned silk for afternoon wear."—
From Stanford Daily, Feb. 28, 1936.
"Parasols are back . . . printed
cotton for beach wear . . . pat
terned silk for afternoon wear."—
From Stanford Daily, Feb. 28, 1936.
"Parasols are back . . . printed
cotton for beach wear . . . pat
terned silk for afternoon wear."—
From Stanford Daily, Feb. 28, 1936.
"Parasols are back . . . printed
cotton for beach wear . . . pat
terned silk for afternoon wear."—
From Stanford Daily, Feb. 28, 1936.
"Parasols are back . . . printed
cotton for beach wear . . . pat
terned silk for afternoon wear."—
From Stanford Daily, Feb. 28, 1936.
"Parasols are back . . . printed
cotton for beach wear . . . pat
terned silk for afternoon wear."—
From Stanford Daily, Feb. 28, 1936.
"Parasols are back . . . printed
cotton for beach wear . . . pat
terned silk for afternoon wear."—
From Stanford Daily, Feb. 28, 1936.
"Parasols are back . . . printed
cotton for beach wear . . . pat
terned silk for afternoon wear."—
From Stanford Daily, Feb. 28, 1936.
"Parasols are back . . . printed
cotton for beach wear . . . pat
terned silk for afternoon wear."—
From Stanford Daily, Feb. 28, 1936.
"Parasols are back . . . printed
cotton for beach wear . . . pat
terned silk for afternoon wear."—
From Stanford Daily, Feb. 28, 1936.
"Parasols are back . . . printed
cotton for beach wear . . . pat
terned silk for afternoon wear."—
From Stanford Daily, Feb. 28, 1936.
"Parasols are back . . . printed
cotton for beach wear . . . pat
terned silk for afternoon wear."—
From Stanford Daily, Feb. 28, 1936.
"Parasols are back . . . printed
cotton for beach wear . . . pat
terned silk for afternoon wear."—
From Stanford Daily, Feb. 28, 1936.
"Parasols are back . . . printed
cotton for beach wear . . . pat
terned silk for afternoon wear."—
From Stanford Daily, Feb. 28, 1936.
"Parasols are back . . . printed
cotton for beach wear . . . pat
terned silk for afternoon wear."—
From Stanford Daily, Feb. 28, 1936.
"Parasols are back . . . printed
cotton for beach wear . . . pat
terned silk for afternoon wear."—
From Stanford Daily, Feb. 28, 1936.
