# ALBERT TO MANAGE
## 
### 
Frankie Albert, Stanford's Ail-
American, will be acting manager
tomorrow at Chandler's new shoe
salon opening on University Avenue
in Palo Alto.
Frankie Albert, Stanford's Ail-
American, will be acting manager
tomorrow at Chandler's new shoe
salon opening on University Avenue
in Palo Alto.
Frankie Albert, Stanford's Ail-
American, will be acting manager
tomorrow at Chandler's new shoe
salon opening on University Avenue
in Palo Alto.
Frankie Albert, Stanford's Ail-
American, will be acting manager
tomorrow at Chandler's new shoe
salon opening on University Avenue
in Palo Alto.
Frankie Albert, Stanford's Ail-
American, will be acting manager
tomorrow at Chandler's new shoe
salon opening on University Avenue
in Palo Alto.
Frankie Albert, Stanford's Ail-
American, will be acting manager
tomorrow at Chandler's new shoe
salon opening on University Avenue
in Palo Alto.
Frankie Albert, Stanford's Ail-
American, will be acting manager
tomorrow at Chandler's new shoe
salon opening on University Avenue
in Palo Alto.
Frankie Albert, Stanford's Ail-
American, will be acting manager
tomorrow at Chandler's new shoe
salon opening on University Avenue
in Palo Alto.
Frankie Albert, Stanford's Ail-
American, will be acting manager
tomorrow at Chandler's new shoe
salon opening on University Avenue
in Palo Alto.
Frankie Albert, Stanford's Ail-
American, will be acting manager
tomorrow at Chandler's new shoe
salon opening on University Avenue
in Palo Alto.
Frankie Albert, Stanford's Ail-
American, will be acting manager
tomorrow at Chandler's new shoe
salon opening on University Avenue
in Palo Alto.
Frankie Albert, Stanford's Ail-
American, will be acting manager
tomorrow at Chandler's new shoe
salon opening on University Avenue
in Palo Alto.
Frankie Albert, Stanford's Ail-
American, will be acting manager
tomorrow at Chandler's new shoe
salon opening on University Avenue
in Palo Alto.
Frankie Albert, Stanford's Ail-
American, will be acting manager
tomorrow at Chandler's new shoe
salon opening on University Avenue
in Palo Alto.
Frankie Albert, Stanford's Ail-
American, will be acting manager
tomorrow at Chandler's new shoe
salon opening on University Avenue
in Palo Alto.
Frankie Albert, Stanford's Ail-
American, will be acting manager
tomorrow at Chandler's new shoe
salon opening on University Avenue
in Palo Alto.
Frankie Albert, Stanford's Ail-
American, will be acting manager
tomorrow at Chandler's new shoe
salon opening on University Avenue
in Palo Alto.
Frankie Albert, Stanford's Ail-
American, will be acting manager
tomorrow at Chandler's new shoe
salon opening on University Avenue
in Palo Alto.
