# MAES K.O.'S CROOKS 'CANNED HEAT' DEATHS
## 
### 
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb. 26 (UP).
—Police tonight blamed a party
where a solidified alcohol heating
preparation was served as "cock
tails" for the deaths of four men.
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb. 26 (UP).
—Police tonight blamed a party
where a solidified alcohol heating
preparation was served as "cock
tails" for the deaths of four men.
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb. 26 (UP).
—Police tonight blamed a party
where a solidified alcohol heating
preparation was served as "cock
tails" for the deaths of four men.
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb. 26 (UP).
—Police tonight blamed a party
where a solidified alcohol heating
preparation was served as "cock
tails" for the deaths of four men.
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb. 26 (UP).
—Police tonight blamed a party
where a solidified alcohol heating
preparation was served as "cock
tails" for the deaths of four men.
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb. 26 (UP).
—Police tonight blamed a party
where a solidified alcohol heating
preparation was served as "cock
tails" for the deaths of four men.
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb. 26 (UP).
—Police tonight blamed a party
where a solidified alcohol heating
preparation was served as "cock
tails" for the deaths of four men.
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb. 26 (UP).
—Police tonight blamed a party
where a solidified alcohol heating
preparation was served as "cock
tails" for the deaths of four men.
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb. 26 (UP).
—Police tonight blamed a party
where a solidified alcohol heating
preparation was served as "cock
tails" for the deaths of four men.
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb. 26 (UP).
—Police tonight blamed a party
where a solidified alcohol heating
preparation was served as "cock
tails" for the deaths of four men.
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb. 26 (UP).
—Police tonight blamed a party
where a solidified alcohol heating
preparation was served as "cock
tails" for the deaths of four men.
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb. 26 (UP).
—Police tonight blamed a party
where a solidified alcohol heating
preparation was served as "cock
tails" for the deaths of four men.
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb. 26 (UP).
—Police tonight blamed a party
where a solidified alcohol heating
preparation was served as "cock
tails" for the deaths of four men.
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb. 26 (UP).
—Police tonight blamed a party
where a solidified alcohol heating
preparation was served as "cock
tails" for the deaths of four men.
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb. 26 (UP).
—Police tonight blamed a party
where a solidified alcohol heating
preparation was served as "cock
tails" for the deaths of four men.
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb. 26 (UP).
—Police tonight blamed a party
where a solidified alcohol heating
preparation was served as "cock
tails" for the deaths of four men.
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb. 26 (UP).
—Police tonight blamed a party
where a solidified alcohol heating
preparation was served as "cock
tails" for the deaths of four men.
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb. 26 (UP).
—Police tonight blamed a party
where a solidified alcohol heating
preparation was served as "cock
tails" for the deaths of four men.
