# Adv. 20 Page 4
## 
### 
m:\v hulks
New rules regarding; publi
cation of materials for Vol
ume 113, effective immediate
ly:
All publicity for any events
must be submitted to the
.Managing: Kditor by 3 p.m.
two days before the event.
The notice of all such events
will appear in Hie enlarged
OATIJ. Some of these will ap
pear on page one, at the dis
cretion of The Daily.
All letters must be submit
ted by 2 p.m. (he day before
publication, and must be
typewritten.
m:\v hulks
New rules regarding; publi
cation of materials for Vol
ume 113, effective immediate
ly:
All publicity for any events
must be submitted to the
.Managing: Kditor by 3 p.m.
two days before the event.
The notice of all such events
will appear in Hie enlarged
OATIJ. Some of these will ap
pear on page one, at the dis
cretion of The Daily.
All letters must be submit
ted by 2 p.m. (he day before
publication, and must be
typewritten.
m:\v hulks
New rules regarding; publi
cation of materials for Vol
ume 113, effective immediate
ly:
All publicity for any events
must be submitted to the
.Managing: Kditor by 3 p.m.
two days before the event.
The notice of all such events
will appear in Hie enlarged
OATIJ. Some of these will ap
pear on page one, at the dis
cretion of The Daily.
All letters must be submit
ted by 2 p.m. (he day before
publication, and must be
typewritten.
m:\v hulks
New rules regarding; publi
cation of materials for Vol
ume 113, effective immediate
ly:
All publicity for any events
must be submitted to the
.Managing: Kditor by 3 p.m.
two days before the event.
The notice of all such events
will appear in Hie enlarged
OATIJ. Some of these will ap
pear on page one, at the dis
cretion of The Daily.
All letters must be submit
ted by 2 p.m. (he day before
publication, and must be
typewritten.
m:\v hulks
New rules regarding; publi
cation of materials for Vol
ume 113, effective immediate
ly:
All publicity for any events
must be submitted to the
.Managing: Kditor by 3 p.m.
two days before the event.
The notice of all such events
will appear in Hie enlarged
OATIJ. Some of these will ap
pear on page one, at the dis
cretion of The Daily.
All letters must be submit
ted by 2 p.m. (he day before
publication, and must be
typewritten.
m:\v hulks
New rules regarding; publi
cation of materials for Vol
ume 113, effective immediate
ly:
All publicity for any events
must be submitted to the
.Managing: Kditor by 3 p.m.
two days before the event.
The notice of all such events
will appear in Hie enlarged
OATIJ. Some of these will ap
pear on page one, at the dis
cretion of The Daily.
All letters must be submit
ted by 2 p.m. (he day before
publication, and must be
typewritten.
m:\v hulks
New rules regarding; publi
cation of materials for Vol
ume 113, effective immediate
ly:
All publicity for any events
must be submitted to the
.Managing: Kditor by 3 p.m.
two days before the event.
The notice of all such events
will appear in Hie enlarged
OATIJ. Some of these will ap
pear on page one, at the dis
cretion of The Daily.
All letters must be submit
ted by 2 p.m. (he day before
publication, and must be
typewritten.
m:\v hulks
New rules regarding; publi
cation of materials for Vol
ume 113, effective immediate
ly:
All publicity for any events
must be submitted to the
.Managing: Kditor by 3 p.m.
two days before the event.
The notice of all such events
will appear in Hie enlarged
OATIJ. Some of these will ap
pear on page one, at the dis
cretion of The Daily.
All letters must be submit
ted by 2 p.m. (he day before
publication, and must be
typewritten.
m:\v hulks
New rules regarding; publi
cation of materials for Vol
ume 113, effective immediate
ly:
All publicity for any events
must be submitted to the
.Managing: Kditor by 3 p.m.
two days before the event.
The notice of all such events
will appear in Hie enlarged
OATIJ. Some of these will ap
pear on page one, at the dis
cretion of The Daily.
All letters must be submit
ted by 2 p.m. (he day before
publication, and must be
typewritten.
m:\v hulks
New rules regarding; publi
cation of materials for Vol
ume 113, effective immediate
ly:
All publicity for any events
must be submitted to the
.Managing: Kditor by 3 p.m.
two days before the event.
The notice of all such events
will appear in Hie enlarged
OATIJ. Some of these will ap
pear on page one, at the dis
cretion of The Daily.
All letters must be submit
ted by 2 p.m. (he day before
publication, and must be
typewritten.
m:\v hulks
New rules regarding; publi
cation of materials for Vol
ume 113, effective immediate
ly:
All publicity for any events
must be submitted to the
.Managing: Kditor by 3 p.m.
two days before the event.
The notice of all such events
will appear in Hie enlarged
OATIJ. Some of these will ap
pear on page one, at the dis
cretion of The Daily.
All letters must be submit
ted by 2 p.m. (he day before
publication, and must be
typewritten.
m:\v hulks
New rules regarding; publi
cation of materials for Vol
ume 113, effective immediate
ly:
All publicity for any events
must be submitted to the
.Managing: Kditor by 3 p.m.
two days before the event.
The notice of all such events
will appear in Hie enlarged
OATIJ. Some of these will ap
pear on page one, at the dis
cretion of The Daily.
All letters must be submit
ted by 2 p.m. (he day before
publication, and must be
typewritten.
m:\v hulks
New rules regarding; publi
cation of materials for Vol
ume 113, effective immediate
ly:
All publicity for any events
must be submitted to the
.Managing: Kditor by 3 p.m.
two days before the event.
The notice of all such events
will appear in Hie enlarged
OATIJ. Some of these will ap
pear on page one, at the dis
cretion of The Daily.
All letters must be submit
ted by 2 p.m. (he day before
publication, and must be
typewritten.
m:\v hulks
New rules regarding; publi
cation of materials for Vol
ume 113, effective immediate
ly:
All publicity for any events
must be submitted to the
.Managing: Kditor by 3 p.m.
two days before the event.
The notice of all such events
will appear in Hie enlarged
OATIJ. Some of these will ap
pear on page one, at the dis
cretion of The Daily.
All letters must be submit
ted by 2 p.m. (he day before
publication, and must be
typewritten.
m:\v hulks
New rules regarding; publi
cation of materials for Vol
ume 113, effective immediate
ly:
All publicity for any events
must be submitted to the
.Managing: Kditor by 3 p.m.
two days before the event.
The notice of all such events
will appear in Hie enlarged
OATIJ. Some of these will ap
pear on page one, at the dis
cretion of The Daily.
All letters must be submit
ted by 2 p.m. (he day before
publication, and must be
typewritten.
m:\v hulks
New rules regarding; publi
cation of materials for Vol
ume 113, effective immediate
ly:
All publicity for any events
must be submitted to the
.Managing: Kditor by 3 p.m.
two days before the event.
The notice of all such events
will appear in Hie enlarged
OATIJ. Some of these will ap
pear on page one, at the dis
cretion of The Daily.
All letters must be submit
ted by 2 p.m. (he day before
publication, and must be
typewritten.
