# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS
Speaking of staple
campus wardrobe
items, like the T-Shirts
we mentioned yester
day, here's another
item for your R A
shopping list—crew
socks. These are
white nylon and cot
ton, with a super com
fortable cushion foot
and a colored stripe
around the top so
you’ll know who's
whose in the wash.
This, mind you, is
important, because
these s-t-r-e-t-c-h to
fit all feet. Regularly
1.00. February special
79c, 3 pairs 2.29.
INDIANS
Speaking of staple
campus wardrobe
items, like the T-Shirts
we mentioned yester
day, here's another
item for your R A
shopping list—crew
socks. These are
white nylon and cot
ton, with a super com
fortable cushion foot
and a colored stripe
around the top so
you’ll know who's
whose in the wash.
This, mind you, is
important, because
these s-t-r-e-t-c-h to
fit all feet. Regularly
1.00. February special
79c, 3 pairs 2.29.
INDIANS
Speaking of staple
campus wardrobe
items, like the T-Shirts
we mentioned yester
day, here's another
item for your R A
shopping list—crew
socks. These are
white nylon and cot
ton, with a super com
fortable cushion foot
and a colored stripe
around the top so
you’ll know who's
whose in the wash.
This, mind you, is
important, because
these s-t-r-e-t-c-h to
fit all feet. Regularly
1.00. February special
79c, 3 pairs 2.29.
INDIANS
Speaking of staple
campus wardrobe
items, like the T-Shirts
we mentioned yester
day, here's another
item for your R A
shopping list—crew
socks. These are
white nylon and cot
ton, with a super com
fortable cushion foot
and a colored stripe
around the top so
you’ll know who's
whose in the wash.
This, mind you, is
important, because
these s-t-r-e-t-c-h to
fit all feet. Regularly
1.00. February special
79c, 3 pairs 2.29.
INDIANS
Speaking of staple
campus wardrobe
items, like the T-Shirts
we mentioned yester
day, here's another
item for your R A
shopping list—crew
socks. These are
white nylon and cot
ton, with a super com
fortable cushion foot
and a colored stripe
around the top so
you’ll know who's
whose in the wash.
This, mind you, is
important, because
these s-t-r-e-t-c-h to
fit all feet. Regularly
1.00. February special
79c, 3 pairs 2.29.
INDIANS
Speaking of staple
campus wardrobe
items, like the T-Shirts
we mentioned yester
day, here's another
item for your R A
shopping list—crew
socks. These are
white nylon and cot
ton, with a super com
fortable cushion foot
and a colored stripe
around the top so
you’ll know who's
whose in the wash.
This, mind you, is
important, because
these s-t-r-e-t-c-h to
fit all feet. Regularly
1.00. February special
79c, 3 pairs 2.29.
INDIANS
Speaking of staple
campus wardrobe
items, like the T-Shirts
we mentioned yester
day, here's another
item for your R A
shopping list—crew
socks. These are
white nylon and cot
ton, with a super com
fortable cushion foot
and a colored stripe
around the top so
you’ll know who's
whose in the wash.
This, mind you, is
important, because
these s-t-r-e-t-c-h to
fit all feet. Regularly
1.00. February special
79c, 3 pairs 2.29.
INDIANS
Speaking of staple
campus wardrobe
items, like the T-Shirts
we mentioned yester
day, here's another
item for your R A
shopping list—crew
socks. These are
white nylon and cot
ton, with a super com
fortable cushion foot
and a colored stripe
around the top so
you’ll know who's
whose in the wash.
This, mind you, is
important, because
these s-t-r-e-t-c-h to
fit all feet. Regularly
1.00. February special
79c, 3 pairs 2.29.
INDIANS
Speaking of staple
campus wardrobe
items, like the T-Shirts
we mentioned yester
day, here's another
item for your R A
shopping list—crew
socks. These are
white nylon and cot
ton, with a super com
fortable cushion foot
and a colored stripe
around the top so
you’ll know who's
whose in the wash.
This, mind you, is
important, because
these s-t-r-e-t-c-h to
fit all feet. Regularly
1.00. February special
79c, 3 pairs 2.29.
INDIANS
Speaking of staple
campus wardrobe
items, like the T-Shirts
we mentioned yester
day, here's another
item for your R A
shopping list—crew
socks. These are
white nylon and cot
ton, with a super com
fortable cushion foot
and a colored stripe
around the top so
you’ll know who's
whose in the wash.
This, mind you, is
important, because
these s-t-r-e-t-c-h to
fit all feet. Regularly
1.00. February special
79c, 3 pairs 2.29.
INDIANS
Speaking of staple
campus wardrobe
items, like the T-Shirts
we mentioned yester
day, here's another
item for your R A
shopping list—crew
socks. These are
white nylon and cot
ton, with a super com
fortable cushion foot
and a colored stripe
around the top so
you’ll know who's
whose in the wash.
This, mind you, is
important, because
these s-t-r-e-t-c-h to
fit all feet. Regularly
1.00. February special
79c, 3 pairs 2.29.
INDIANS
Speaking of staple
campus wardrobe
items, like the T-Shirts
we mentioned yester
day, here's another
item for your R A
shopping list—crew
socks. These are
white nylon and cot
ton, with a super com
fortable cushion foot
and a colored stripe
around the top so
you’ll know who's
whose in the wash.
This, mind you, is
important, because
these s-t-r-e-t-c-h to
fit all feet. Regularly
1.00. February special
79c, 3 pairs 2.29.
INDIANS
Speaking of staple
campus wardrobe
items, like the T-Shirts
we mentioned yester
day, here's another
item for your R A
shopping list—crew
socks. These are
white nylon and cot
ton, with a super com
fortable cushion foot
and a colored stripe
around the top so
you’ll know who's
whose in the wash.
This, mind you, is
important, because
these s-t-r-e-t-c-h to
fit all feet. Regularly
1.00. February special
79c, 3 pairs 2.29.
INDIANS
Speaking of staple
campus wardrobe
items, like the T-Shirts
we mentioned yester
day, here's another
item for your R A
shopping list—crew
socks. These are
white nylon and cot
ton, with a super com
fortable cushion foot
and a colored stripe
around the top so
you’ll know who's
whose in the wash.
This, mind you, is
important, because
these s-t-r-e-t-c-h to
fit all feet. Regularly
1.00. February special
79c, 3 pairs 2.29.
INDIANS
Speaking of staple
campus wardrobe
items, like the T-Shirts
we mentioned yester
day, here's another
item for your R A
shopping list—crew
socks. These are
white nylon and cot
ton, with a super com
fortable cushion foot
and a colored stripe
around the top so
you’ll know who's
whose in the wash.
This, mind you, is
important, because
these s-t-r-e-t-c-h to
fit all feet. Regularly
1.00. February special
79c, 3 pairs 2.29.
INDIANS
Speaking of staple
campus wardrobe
items, like the T-Shirts
we mentioned yester
day, here's another
item for your R A
shopping list—crew
socks. These are
white nylon and cot
ton, with a super com
fortable cushion foot
and a colored stripe
around the top so
you’ll know who's
whose in the wash.
This, mind you, is
important, because
these s-t-r-e-t-c-h to
fit all feet. Regularly
1.00. February special
79c, 3 pairs 2.29.
