# PEACE DEBATE FOR MILLS PRIZE OCCURS TONIGHT.
## Representative From Stanford and California Will Meet in Chapel At 8 O'clock. 
### 
California will be represented by
but one speaker in the intercollegiate
contest tonight in the Assembly Hall
for the Mill's Peace Prize. A. W.
Drury is the only entry for the I Hue
and Gold. His teammate, M. Marks,
withdrew from the discussion. Drury
will take as his topic, "A Greater
Crime Than War."
E. E. Tincher, '12, and P. D. Nowell,
'13, are to uphold the Cardinal to
night in the contest for the hun
dred dollar award for the best argu
ment favoring international peace.
Tincher's subject will be, "The Power
of Truth." Nowell will discuss "More
Money For Peace."
Eight o'clock is the hour set for the
discussion. Professor J. M. Stillman
will preside. The judges are all
chosen from the Stanford faculty and
are Professors E. E. Robinson, E. P.
Cubberley and A. G. Newcomer.
California will be represented by
but one speaker in the intercollegiate
contest tonight in the Assembly Hall
for the Mill's Peace Prize. A. W.
Drury is the only entry for the I Hue
and Gold. His teammate, M. Marks,
withdrew from the discussion. Drury
will take as his topic, "A Greater
Crime Than War."
E. E. Tincher, '12, and P. D. Nowell,
'13, are to uphold the Cardinal to
night in the contest for the hun
dred dollar award for the best argu
ment favoring international peace.
Tincher's subject will be, "The Power
of Truth." Nowell will discuss "More
Money For Peace."
Eight o'clock is the hour set for the
discussion. Professor J. M. Stillman
will preside. The judges are all
chosen from the Stanford faculty and
are Professors E. E. Robinson, E. P.
Cubberley and A. G. Newcomer.
California will be represented by
but one speaker in the intercollegiate
contest tonight in the Assembly Hall
for the Mill's Peace Prize. A. W.
Drury is the only entry for the I Hue
and Gold. His teammate, M. Marks,
withdrew from the discussion. Drury
will take as his topic, "A Greater
Crime Than War."
E. E. Tincher, '12, and P. D. Nowell,
'13, are to uphold the Cardinal to
night in the contest for the hun
dred dollar award for the best argu
ment favoring international peace.
Tincher's subject will be, "The Power
of Truth." Nowell will discuss "More
Money For Peace."
Eight o'clock is the hour set for the
discussion. Professor J. M. Stillman
will preside. The judges are all
chosen from the Stanford faculty and
are Professors E. E. Robinson, E. P.
Cubberley and A. G. Newcomer.
California will be represented by
but one speaker in the intercollegiate
contest tonight in the Assembly Hall
for the Mill's Peace Prize. A. W.
Drury is the only entry for the I Hue
and Gold. His teammate, M. Marks,
withdrew from the discussion. Drury
will take as his topic, "A Greater
Crime Than War."
E. E. Tincher, '12, and P. D. Nowell,
'13, are to uphold the Cardinal to
night in the contest for the hun
dred dollar award for the best argu
ment favoring international peace.
Tincher's subject will be, "The Power
of Truth." Nowell will discuss "More
Money For Peace."
Eight o'clock is the hour set for the
discussion. Professor J. M. Stillman
will preside. The judges are all
chosen from the Stanford faculty and
are Professors E. E. Robinson, E. P.
Cubberley and A. G. Newcomer.
California will be represented by
but one speaker in the intercollegiate
contest tonight in the Assembly Hall
for the Mill's Peace Prize. A. W.
Drury is the only entry for the I Hue
and Gold. His teammate, M. Marks,
withdrew from the discussion. Drury
will take as his topic, "A Greater
Crime Than War."
E. E. Tincher, '12, and P. D. Nowell,
'13, are to uphold the Cardinal to
night in the contest for the hun
dred dollar award for the best argu
ment favoring international peace.
Tincher's subject will be, "The Power
of Truth." Nowell will discuss "More
Money For Peace."
Eight o'clock is the hour set for the
discussion. Professor J. M. Stillman
will preside. The judges are all
chosen from the Stanford faculty and
are Professors E. E. Robinson, E. P.
Cubberley and A. G. Newcomer.
California will be represented by
but one speaker in the intercollegiate
contest tonight in the Assembly Hall
for the Mill's Peace Prize. A. W.
Drury is the only entry for the I Hue
and Gold. His teammate, M. Marks,
withdrew from the discussion. Drury
will take as his topic, "A Greater
Crime Than War."
E. E. Tincher, '12, and P. D. Nowell,
'13, are to uphold the Cardinal to
night in the contest for the hun
dred dollar award for the best argu
ment favoring international peace.
Tincher's subject will be, "The Power
of Truth." Nowell will discuss "More
Money For Peace."
Eight o'clock is the hour set for the
discussion. Professor J. M. Stillman
will preside. The judges are all
chosen from the Stanford faculty and
are Professors E. E. Robinson, E. P.
Cubberley and A. G. Newcomer.
California will be represented by
but one speaker in the intercollegiate
contest tonight in the Assembly Hall
for the Mill's Peace Prize. A. W.
Drury is the only entry for the I Hue
and Gold. His teammate, M. Marks,
withdrew from the discussion. Drury
will take as his topic, "A Greater
Crime Than War."
E. E. Tincher, '12, and P. D. Nowell,
'13, are to uphold the Cardinal to
night in the contest for the hun
dred dollar award for the best argu
ment favoring international peace.
Tincher's subject will be, "The Power
of Truth." Nowell will discuss "More
Money For Peace."
Eight o'clock is the hour set for the
discussion. Professor J. M. Stillman
will preside. The judges are all
chosen from the Stanford faculty and
are Professors E. E. Robinson, E. P.
Cubberley and A. G. Newcomer.
California will be represented by
but one speaker in the intercollegiate
contest tonight in the Assembly Hall
for the Mill's Peace Prize. A. W.
Drury is the only entry for the I Hue
and Gold. His teammate, M. Marks,
withdrew from the discussion. Drury
will take as his topic, "A Greater
Crime Than War."
E. E. Tincher, '12, and P. D. Nowell,
'13, are to uphold the Cardinal to
night in the contest for the hun
dred dollar award for the best argu
ment favoring international peace.
Tincher's subject will be, "The Power
of Truth." Nowell will discuss "More
Money For Peace."
Eight o'clock is the hour set for the
discussion. Professor J. M. Stillman
will preside. The judges are all
chosen from the Stanford faculty and
are Professors E. E. Robinson, E. P.
Cubberley and A. G. Newcomer.
California will be represented by
but one speaker in the intercollegiate
contest tonight in the Assembly Hall
for the Mill's Peace Prize. A. W.
Drury is the only entry for the I Hue
and Gold. His teammate, M. Marks,
withdrew from the discussion. Drury
will take as his topic, "A Greater
Crime Than War."
E. E. Tincher, '12, and P. D. Nowell,
'13, are to uphold the Cardinal to
night in the contest for the hun
dred dollar award for the best argu
ment favoring international peace.
Tincher's subject will be, "The Power
of Truth." Nowell will discuss "More
Money For Peace."
Eight o'clock is the hour set for the
discussion. Professor J. M. Stillman
will preside. The judges are all
chosen from the Stanford faculty and
are Professors E. E. Robinson, E. P.
Cubberley and A. G. Newcomer.
California will be represented by
but one speaker in the intercollegiate
contest tonight in the Assembly Hall
for the Mill's Peace Prize. A. W.
Drury is the only entry for the I Hue
and Gold. His teammate, M. Marks,
withdrew from the discussion. Drury
will take as his topic, "A Greater
Crime Than War."
E. E. Tincher, '12, and P. D. Nowell,
'13, are to uphold the Cardinal to
night in the contest for the hun
dred dollar award for the best argu
ment favoring international peace.
Tincher's subject will be, "The Power
of Truth." Nowell will discuss "More
Money For Peace."
Eight o'clock is the hour set for the
discussion. Professor J. M. Stillman
will preside. The judges are all
chosen from the Stanford faculty and
are Professors E. E. Robinson, E. P.
Cubberley and A. G. Newcomer.
California will be represented by
but one speaker in the intercollegiate
contest tonight in the Assembly Hall
for the Mill's Peace Prize. A. W.
Drury is the only entry for the I Hue
and Gold. His teammate, M. Marks,
withdrew from the discussion. Drury
will take as his topic, "A Greater
Crime Than War."
E. E. Tincher, '12, and P. D. Nowell,
'13, are to uphold the Cardinal to
night in the contest for the hun
dred dollar award for the best argu
ment favoring international peace.
Tincher's subject will be, "The Power
of Truth." Nowell will discuss "More
Money For Peace."
Eight o'clock is the hour set for the
discussion. Professor J. M. Stillman
will preside. The judges are all
chosen from the Stanford faculty and
are Professors E. E. Robinson, E. P.
Cubberley and A. G. Newcomer.
California will be represented by
but one speaker in the intercollegiate
contest tonight in the Assembly Hall
for the Mill's Peace Prize. A. W.
Drury is the only entry for the I Hue
and Gold. His teammate, M. Marks,
withdrew from the discussion. Drury
will take as his topic, "A Greater
Crime Than War."
E. E. Tincher, '12, and P. D. Nowell,
'13, are to uphold the Cardinal to
night in the contest for the hun
dred dollar award for the best argu
ment favoring international peace.
Tincher's subject will be, "The Power
of Truth." Nowell will discuss "More
Money For Peace."
Eight o'clock is the hour set for the
discussion. Professor J. M. Stillman
will preside. The judges are all
chosen from the Stanford faculty and
are Professors E. E. Robinson, E. P.
Cubberley and A. G. Newcomer.
