# Camp Picks All-American Team.
## 
### 
Walter Camp, the dean of Ameri
can football and recognized authority
on the game has made the following
selection for the All-American eleven
for this year: Ends—White, Prince
ton, and Bonieister, Yale; tackles —
Hart, Princeton, and Devore, West
Point; guards—Fisher, Harvard, and
Duff, Princeton; center — Ketcham,
Yale; quarter-back—Howe, Yale; half
backs —Wendell, Harvard, and Thorpe,
Carlisle; fullback—Dalton, Navy.
Walter Camp, the dean of Ameri
can football and recognized authority
on the game has made the following
selection for the All-American eleven
for this year: Ends—White, Prince
ton, and Bonieister, Yale; tackles —
Hart, Princeton, and Devore, West
Point; guards—Fisher, Harvard, and
Duff, Princeton; center — Ketcham,
Yale; quarter-back—Howe, Yale; half
backs —Wendell, Harvard, and Thorpe,
Carlisle; fullback—Dalton, Navy.
Walter Camp, the dean of Ameri
can football and recognized authority
on the game has made the following
selection for the All-American eleven
for this year: Ends—White, Prince
ton, and Bonieister, Yale; tackles —
Hart, Princeton, and Devore, West
Point; guards—Fisher, Harvard, and
Duff, Princeton; center — Ketcham,
Yale; quarter-back—Howe, Yale; half
backs —Wendell, Harvard, and Thorpe,
Carlisle; fullback—Dalton, Navy.
Walter Camp, the dean of Ameri
can football and recognized authority
on the game has made the following
selection for the All-American eleven
for this year: Ends—White, Prince
ton, and Bonieister, Yale; tackles —
Hart, Princeton, and Devore, West
Point; guards—Fisher, Harvard, and
Duff, Princeton; center — Ketcham,
Yale; quarter-back—Howe, Yale; half
backs —Wendell, Harvard, and Thorpe,
Carlisle; fullback—Dalton, Navy.
Walter Camp, the dean of Ameri
can football and recognized authority
on the game has made the following
selection for the All-American eleven
for this year: Ends—White, Prince
ton, and Bonieister, Yale; tackles —
Hart, Princeton, and Devore, West
Point; guards—Fisher, Harvard, and
Duff, Princeton; center — Ketcham,
Yale; quarter-back—Howe, Yale; half
backs —Wendell, Harvard, and Thorpe,
Carlisle; fullback—Dalton, Navy.
Walter Camp, the dean of Ameri
can football and recognized authority
on the game has made the following
selection for the All-American eleven
for this year: Ends—White, Prince
ton, and Bonieister, Yale; tackles —
Hart, Princeton, and Devore, West
Point; guards—Fisher, Harvard, and
Duff, Princeton; center — Ketcham,
Yale; quarter-back—Howe, Yale; half
backs —Wendell, Harvard, and Thorpe,
Carlisle; fullback—Dalton, Navy.
Walter Camp, the dean of Ameri
can football and recognized authority
on the game has made the following
selection for the All-American eleven
for this year: Ends—White, Prince
ton, and Bonieister, Yale; tackles —
Hart, Princeton, and Devore, West
Point; guards—Fisher, Harvard, and
Duff, Princeton; center — Ketcham,
Yale; quarter-back—Howe, Yale; half
backs —Wendell, Harvard, and Thorpe,
Carlisle; fullback—Dalton, Navy.
Walter Camp, the dean of Ameri
can football and recognized authority
on the game has made the following
selection for the All-American eleven
for this year: Ends—White, Prince
ton, and Bonieister, Yale; tackles —
Hart, Princeton, and Devore, West
Point; guards—Fisher, Harvard, and
Duff, Princeton; center — Ketcham,
Yale; quarter-back—Howe, Yale; half
backs —Wendell, Harvard, and Thorpe,
Carlisle; fullback—Dalton, Navy.
Walter Camp, the dean of Ameri
can football and recognized authority
on the game has made the following
selection for the All-American eleven
for this year: Ends—White, Prince
ton, and Bonieister, Yale; tackles —
Hart, Princeton, and Devore, West
Point; guards—Fisher, Harvard, and
Duff, Princeton; center — Ketcham,
Yale; quarter-back—Howe, Yale; half
backs —Wendell, Harvard, and Thorpe,
Carlisle; fullback—Dalton, Navy.
Walter Camp, the dean of Ameri
can football and recognized authority
on the game has made the following
selection for the All-American eleven
for this year: Ends—White, Prince
ton, and Bonieister, Yale; tackles —
Hart, Princeton, and Devore, West
Point; guards—Fisher, Harvard, and
Duff, Princeton; center — Ketcham,
Yale; quarter-back—Howe, Yale; half
backs —Wendell, Harvard, and Thorpe,
Carlisle; fullback—Dalton, Navy.
Walter Camp, the dean of Ameri
can football and recognized authority
on the game has made the following
selection for the All-American eleven
for this year: Ends—White, Prince
ton, and Bonieister, Yale; tackles —
Hart, Princeton, and Devore, West
Point; guards—Fisher, Harvard, and
Duff, Princeton; center — Ketcham,
Yale; quarter-back—Howe, Yale; half
backs —Wendell, Harvard, and Thorpe,
Carlisle; fullback—Dalton, Navy.
Walter Camp, the dean of Ameri
can football and recognized authority
on the game has made the following
selection for the All-American eleven
for this year: Ends—White, Prince
ton, and Bonieister, Yale; tackles —
Hart, Princeton, and Devore, West
Point; guards—Fisher, Harvard, and
Duff, Princeton; center — Ketcham,
Yale; quarter-back—Howe, Yale; half
backs —Wendell, Harvard, and Thorpe,
Carlisle; fullback—Dalton, Navy.
