# Schubert Club Elects Officers.
## 
### 
Miss V. Wagner, '13, is the newly
elected president of the Schubert
Club for next semester. Miss Wag
ner is the present vice-president of
the Y. W. C. A. The new president
registers from Ventura in the English
department and is a member of Kappa
Alpha Theta.
Other oJicers chosen at yesterday's
meeting are: Miss A. Maloney, '14,
business manager; Miss A. Weyse, '13,
secretary; and Miss M. Foster, '14,
librarian.
Miss V. Wagner, '13, is the newly
elected president of the Schubert
Club for next semester. Miss Wag
ner is the present vice-president of
the Y. W. C. A. The new president
registers from Ventura in the English
department and is a member of Kappa
Alpha Theta.
Other oJicers chosen at yesterday's
meeting are: Miss A. Maloney, '14,
business manager; Miss A. Weyse, '13,
secretary; and Miss M. Foster, '14,
librarian.
Miss V. Wagner, '13, is the newly
elected president of the Schubert
Club for next semester. Miss Wag
ner is the present vice-president of
the Y. W. C. A. The new president
registers from Ventura in the English
department and is a member of Kappa
Alpha Theta.
Other oJicers chosen at yesterday's
meeting are: Miss A. Maloney, '14,
business manager; Miss A. Weyse, '13,
secretary; and Miss M. Foster, '14,
librarian.
Miss V. Wagner, '13, is the newly
elected president of the Schubert
Club for next semester. Miss Wag
ner is the present vice-president of
the Y. W. C. A. The new president
registers from Ventura in the English
department and is a member of Kappa
Alpha Theta.
Other oJicers chosen at yesterday's
meeting are: Miss A. Maloney, '14,
business manager; Miss A. Weyse, '13,
secretary; and Miss M. Foster, '14,
librarian.
Miss V. Wagner, '13, is the newly
elected president of the Schubert
Club for next semester. Miss Wag
ner is the present vice-president of
the Y. W. C. A. The new president
registers from Ventura in the English
department and is a member of Kappa
Alpha Theta.
Other oJicers chosen at yesterday's
meeting are: Miss A. Maloney, '14,
business manager; Miss A. Weyse, '13,
secretary; and Miss M. Foster, '14,
librarian.
Miss V. Wagner, '13, is the newly
elected president of the Schubert
Club for next semester. Miss Wag
ner is the present vice-president of
the Y. W. C. A. The new president
registers from Ventura in the English
department and is a member of Kappa
Alpha Theta.
Other oJicers chosen at yesterday's
meeting are: Miss A. Maloney, '14,
business manager; Miss A. Weyse, '13,
secretary; and Miss M. Foster, '14,
librarian.
Miss V. Wagner, '13, is the newly
elected president of the Schubert
Club for next semester. Miss Wag
ner is the present vice-president of
the Y. W. C. A. The new president
registers from Ventura in the English
department and is a member of Kappa
Alpha Theta.
Other oJicers chosen at yesterday's
meeting are: Miss A. Maloney, '14,
business manager; Miss A. Weyse, '13,
secretary; and Miss M. Foster, '14,
librarian.
Miss V. Wagner, '13, is the newly
elected president of the Schubert
Club for next semester. Miss Wag
ner is the present vice-president of
the Y. W. C. A. The new president
registers from Ventura in the English
department and is a member of Kappa
Alpha Theta.
Other oJicers chosen at yesterday's
meeting are: Miss A. Maloney, '14,
business manager; Miss A. Weyse, '13,
secretary; and Miss M. Foster, '14,
librarian.
Miss V. Wagner, '13, is the newly
elected president of the Schubert
Club for next semester. Miss Wag
ner is the present vice-president of
the Y. W. C. A. The new president
registers from Ventura in the English
department and is a member of Kappa
Alpha Theta.
Other oJicers chosen at yesterday's
meeting are: Miss A. Maloney, '14,
business manager; Miss A. Weyse, '13,
secretary; and Miss M. Foster, '14,
librarian.
Miss V. Wagner, '13, is the newly
elected president of the Schubert
Club for next semester. Miss Wag
ner is the present vice-president of
the Y. W. C. A. The new president
registers from Ventura in the English
department and is a member of Kappa
Alpha Theta.
Other oJicers chosen at yesterday's
meeting are: Miss A. Maloney, '14,
business manager; Miss A. Weyse, '13,
secretary; and Miss M. Foster, '14,
librarian.
Miss V. Wagner, '13, is the newly
elected president of the Schubert
Club for next semester. Miss Wag
ner is the present vice-president of
the Y. W. C. A. The new president
registers from Ventura in the English
department and is a member of Kappa
Alpha Theta.
Other oJicers chosen at yesterday's
meeting are: Miss A. Maloney, '14,
business manager; Miss A. Weyse, '13,
secretary; and Miss M. Foster, '14,
librarian.
Miss V. Wagner, '13, is the newly
elected president of the Schubert
Club for next semester. Miss Wag
ner is the present vice-president of
the Y. W. C. A. The new president
registers from Ventura in the English
department and is a member of Kappa
Alpha Theta.
Other oJicers chosen at yesterday's
meeting are: Miss A. Maloney, '14,
business manager; Miss A. Weyse, '13,
secretary; and Miss M. Foster, '14,
librarian.
