# Untitled Article
## 
### 
On account of the desire of Pro
fessor and Mrs. Barnes fora long
period of study, and because of Mrs.
Barnes' health, it seemed hest to
them at the close of last semester to
sever their connection with Stan
ford University, especially as they
were met in the East l>y offers of
employment at increase of salary
with the privilege of studying in
Europe for two years. Jt. is gener
ally understood that they are to as
sociate themselves with the Oswego
Normal School on their return. This
is perhaps the most important nor
ma! school in the country, and the
school of which Mrs. Barnes' father
has been president for years. There
is deep regret felt by everyone at
their leaving here, a regret that ex
tends throughout the State, for Pro
fessor Barnes' helpful influence has
been felt from one end of this Coast
to the other.
