# U.S.C. GAME TICKETS TO BE SOLD TODAY AT A.S.S.U. OFFICE
## 
### 
Seat sale for the Stanford-
U.S.C. basketball game to be
played in the Pavilion tomorrow
night will be continued from 1
to 5 o'clock today at the Old
Union.
Starting with this game, the
Board of Athletic Control will
adopt a new policy for the sale
of rooters' tickets, resulting
from the criticism of the
sale for the Stanford-California
series. There will be a one-day
sale for rooters' tickets for re
served seats. Sale of unreserved
rooters' tickets will continue up
to 5 o'clock of the night of the
game.
In order to obtain rooters' tick
ets students must show their
A.S.S.U. cards. Rooters' seats
will sell for 50 cents. General
admission tickets will be one
dollar for adults.
Seat sale for the Stanford-
U.S.C. basketball game to be
played in the Pavilion tomorrow
night will be continued from 1
to 5 o'clock today at the Old
Union.
Starting with this game, the
Board of Athletic Control will
adopt a new policy for the sale
of rooters' tickets, resulting
from the criticism of the
sale for the Stanford-California
series. There will be a one-day
sale for rooters' tickets for re
served seats. Sale of unreserved
rooters' tickets will continue up
to 5 o'clock of the night of the
game.
In order to obtain rooters' tick
ets students must show their
A.S.S.U. cards. Rooters' seats
will sell for 50 cents. General
admission tickets will be one
dollar for adults.
Seat sale for the Stanford-
U.S.C. basketball game to be
played in the Pavilion tomorrow
night will be continued from 1
to 5 o'clock today at the Old
Union.
Starting with this game, the
Board of Athletic Control will
adopt a new policy for the sale
of rooters' tickets, resulting
from the criticism of the
sale for the Stanford-California
series. There will be a one-day
sale for rooters' tickets for re
served seats. Sale of unreserved
rooters' tickets will continue up
to 5 o'clock of the night of the
game.
In order to obtain rooters' tick
ets students must show their
A.S.S.U. cards. Rooters' seats
will sell for 50 cents. General
admission tickets will be one
dollar for adults.
Seat sale for the Stanford-
U.S.C. basketball game to be
played in the Pavilion tomorrow
night will be continued from 1
to 5 o'clock today at the Old
Union.
Starting with this game, the
Board of Athletic Control will
adopt a new policy for the sale
of rooters' tickets, resulting
from the criticism of the
sale for the Stanford-California
series. There will be a one-day
sale for rooters' tickets for re
served seats. Sale of unreserved
rooters' tickets will continue up
to 5 o'clock of the night of the
game.
In order to obtain rooters' tick
ets students must show their
A.S.S.U. cards. Rooters' seats
will sell for 50 cents. General
admission tickets will be one
dollar for adults.
Seat sale for the Stanford-
U.S.C. basketball game to be
played in the Pavilion tomorrow
night will be continued from 1
to 5 o'clock today at the Old
Union.
Starting with this game, the
Board of Athletic Control will
adopt a new policy for the sale
of rooters' tickets, resulting
from the criticism of the
sale for the Stanford-California
series. There will be a one-day
sale for rooters' tickets for re
served seats. Sale of unreserved
rooters' tickets will continue up
to 5 o'clock of the night of the
game.
In order to obtain rooters' tick
ets students must show their
A.S.S.U. cards. Rooters' seats
will sell for 50 cents. General
admission tickets will be one
dollar for adults.
Seat sale for the Stanford-
U.S.C. basketball game to be
played in the Pavilion tomorrow
night will be continued from 1
to 5 o'clock today at the Old
Union.
Starting with this game, the
Board of Athletic Control will
adopt a new policy for the sale
of rooters' tickets, resulting
from the criticism of the
sale for the Stanford-California
series. There will be a one-day
sale for rooters' tickets for re
served seats. Sale of unreserved
rooters' tickets will continue up
to 5 o'clock of the night of the
game.
In order to obtain rooters' tick
ets students must show their
A.S.S.U. cards. Rooters' seats
will sell for 50 cents. General
admission tickets will be one
dollar for adults.
Seat sale for the Stanford-
U.S.C. basketball game to be
played in the Pavilion tomorrow
night will be continued from 1
to 5 o'clock today at the Old
Union.
Starting with this game, the
Board of Athletic Control will
adopt a new policy for the sale
of rooters' tickets, resulting
from the criticism of the
sale for the Stanford-California
series. There will be a one-day
sale for rooters' tickets for re
served seats. Sale of unreserved
rooters' tickets will continue up
to 5 o'clock of the night of the
game.
In order to obtain rooters' tick
ets students must show their
A.S.S.U. cards. Rooters' seats
will sell for 50 cents. General
admission tickets will be one
dollar for adults.
Seat sale for the Stanford-
U.S.C. basketball game to be
played in the Pavilion tomorrow
night will be continued from 1
to 5 o'clock today at the Old
Union.
Starting with this game, the
Board of Athletic Control will
adopt a new policy for the sale
of rooters' tickets, resulting
from the criticism of the
sale for the Stanford-California
series. There will be a one-day
sale for rooters' tickets for re
served seats. Sale of unreserved
rooters' tickets will continue up
to 5 o'clock of the night of the
game.
In order to obtain rooters' tick
ets students must show their
A.S.S.U. cards. Rooters' seats
will sell for 50 cents. General
admission tickets will be one
dollar for adults.
Seat sale for the Stanford-
U.S.C. basketball game to be
played in the Pavilion tomorrow
night will be continued from 1
to 5 o'clock today at the Old
Union.
Starting with this game, the
Board of Athletic Control will
adopt a new policy for the sale
of rooters' tickets, resulting
from the criticism of the
sale for the Stanford-California
series. There will be a one-day
sale for rooters' tickets for re
served seats. Sale of unreserved
rooters' tickets will continue up
to 5 o'clock of the night of the
game.
In order to obtain rooters' tick
ets students must show their
A.S.S.U. cards. Rooters' seats
will sell for 50 cents. General
admission tickets will be one
dollar for adults.
Seat sale for the Stanford-
U.S.C. basketball game to be
played in the Pavilion tomorrow
night will be continued from 1
to 5 o'clock today at the Old
Union.
Starting with this game, the
Board of Athletic Control will
adopt a new policy for the sale
of rooters' tickets, resulting
from the criticism of the
sale for the Stanford-California
series. There will be a one-day
sale for rooters' tickets for re
served seats. Sale of unreserved
rooters' tickets will continue up
to 5 o'clock of the night of the
game.
In order to obtain rooters' tick
ets students must show their
A.S.S.U. cards. Rooters' seats
will sell for 50 cents. General
admission tickets will be one
dollar for adults.
Seat sale for the Stanford-
U.S.C. basketball game to be
played in the Pavilion tomorrow
night will be continued from 1
to 5 o'clock today at the Old
Union.
Starting with this game, the
Board of Athletic Control will
adopt a new policy for the sale
of rooters' tickets, resulting
from the criticism of the
sale for the Stanford-California
series. There will be a one-day
sale for rooters' tickets for re
served seats. Sale of unreserved
rooters' tickets will continue up
to 5 o'clock of the night of the
game.
In order to obtain rooters' tick
ets students must show their
A.S.S.U. cards. Rooters' seats
will sell for 50 cents. General
admission tickets will be one
dollar for adults.
Seat sale for the Stanford-
U.S.C. basketball game to be
played in the Pavilion tomorrow
night will be continued from 1
to 5 o'clock today at the Old
Union.
Starting with this game, the
Board of Athletic Control will
adopt a new policy for the sale
of rooters' tickets, resulting
from the criticism of the
sale for the Stanford-California
series. There will be a one-day
sale for rooters' tickets for re
served seats. Sale of unreserved
rooters' tickets will continue up
to 5 o'clock of the night of the
game.
In order to obtain rooters' tick
ets students must show their
A.S.S.U. cards. Rooters' seats
will sell for 50 cents. General
admission tickets will be one
dollar for adults.
Seat sale for the Stanford-
U.S.C. basketball game to be
played in the Pavilion tomorrow
night will be continued from 1
to 5 o'clock today at the Old
Union.
Starting with this game, the
Board of Athletic Control will
adopt a new policy for the sale
of rooters' tickets, resulting
from the criticism of the
sale for the Stanford-California
series. There will be a one-day
sale for rooters' tickets for re
served seats. Sale of unreserved
rooters' tickets will continue up
to 5 o'clock of the night of the
game.
In order to obtain rooters' tick
ets students must show their
A.S.S.U. cards. Rooters' seats
will sell for 50 cents. General
admission tickets will be one
dollar for adults.
Seat sale for the Stanford-
U.S.C. basketball game to be
played in the Pavilion tomorrow
night will be continued from 1
to 5 o'clock today at the Old
Union.
Starting with this game, the
Board of Athletic Control will
adopt a new policy for the sale
of rooters' tickets, resulting
from the criticism of the
sale for the Stanford-California
series. There will be a one-day
sale for rooters' tickets for re
served seats. Sale of unreserved
rooters' tickets will continue up
to 5 o'clock of the night of the
game.
In order to obtain rooters' tick
ets students must show their
A.S.S.U. cards. Rooters' seats
will sell for 50 cents. General
admission tickets will be one
dollar for adults.
Seat sale for the Stanford-
U.S.C. basketball game to be
played in the Pavilion tomorrow
night will be continued from 1
to 5 o'clock today at the Old
Union.
Starting with this game, the
Board of Athletic Control will
adopt a new policy for the sale
of rooters' tickets, resulting
from the criticism of the
sale for the Stanford-California
series. There will be a one-day
sale for rooters' tickets for re
served seats. Sale of unreserved
rooters' tickets will continue up
to 5 o'clock of the night of the
game.
In order to obtain rooters' tick
ets students must show their
A.S.S.U. cards. Rooters' seats
will sell for 50 cents. General
admission tickets will be one
dollar for adults.
Seat sale for the Stanford-
U.S.C. basketball game to be
played in the Pavilion tomorrow
night will be continued from 1
to 5 o'clock today at the Old
Union.
Starting with this game, the
Board of Athletic Control will
adopt a new policy for the sale
of rooters' tickets, resulting
from the criticism of the
sale for the Stanford-California
series. There will be a one-day
sale for rooters' tickets for re
served seats. Sale of unreserved
rooters' tickets will continue up
to 5 o'clock of the night of the
game.
In order to obtain rooters' tick
ets students must show their
A.S.S.U. cards. Rooters' seats
will sell for 50 cents. General
admission tickets will be one
dollar for adults.
