# GIRLS' RESERVE HEAD TO HOLD CONFERENCES
## 
### 
Marjorie Grant, head of the Girls'
Reserve Work iri San Francisco, will
be on the campus tomorrow afternoon
to speak with any Stanford women
who are interested in securing posi
tions as camp councilors for the sum
mer.
Interviews with Miss Grant may be
secured at 532 Lasuen between the
hours of 3:15 and 6 o'clock. Appoint
ments may be made through the Dean
of Women's office to see her tomor
row evening.
Marjorie Grant, head of the Girls'
Reserve Work iri San Francisco, will
be on the campus tomorrow afternoon
to speak with any Stanford women
who are interested in securing posi
tions as camp councilors for the sum
mer.
Interviews with Miss Grant may be
secured at 532 Lasuen between the
hours of 3:15 and 6 o'clock. Appoint
ments may be made through the Dean
of Women's office to see her tomor
row evening.
Marjorie Grant, head of the Girls'
Reserve Work iri San Francisco, will
be on the campus tomorrow afternoon
to speak with any Stanford women
who are interested in securing posi
tions as camp councilors for the sum
mer.
Interviews with Miss Grant may be
secured at 532 Lasuen between the
hours of 3:15 and 6 o'clock. Appoint
ments may be made through the Dean
of Women's office to see her tomor
row evening.
Marjorie Grant, head of the Girls'
Reserve Work iri San Francisco, will
be on the campus tomorrow afternoon
to speak with any Stanford women
who are interested in securing posi
tions as camp councilors for the sum
mer.
Interviews with Miss Grant may be
secured at 532 Lasuen between the
hours of 3:15 and 6 o'clock. Appoint
ments may be made through the Dean
of Women's office to see her tomor
row evening.
Marjorie Grant, head of the Girls'
Reserve Work iri San Francisco, will
be on the campus tomorrow afternoon
to speak with any Stanford women
who are interested in securing posi
tions as camp councilors for the sum
mer.
Interviews with Miss Grant may be
secured at 532 Lasuen between the
hours of 3:15 and 6 o'clock. Appoint
ments may be made through the Dean
of Women's office to see her tomor
row evening.
Marjorie Grant, head of the Girls'
Reserve Work iri San Francisco, will
be on the campus tomorrow afternoon
to speak with any Stanford women
who are interested in securing posi
tions as camp councilors for the sum
mer.
Interviews with Miss Grant may be
secured at 532 Lasuen between the
hours of 3:15 and 6 o'clock. Appoint
ments may be made through the Dean
of Women's office to see her tomor
row evening.
Marjorie Grant, head of the Girls'
Reserve Work iri San Francisco, will
be on the campus tomorrow afternoon
to speak with any Stanford women
who are interested in securing posi
tions as camp councilors for the sum
mer.
Interviews with Miss Grant may be
secured at 532 Lasuen between the
hours of 3:15 and 6 o'clock. Appoint
ments may be made through the Dean
of Women's office to see her tomor
row evening.
Marjorie Grant, head of the Girls'
Reserve Work iri San Francisco, will
be on the campus tomorrow afternoon
to speak with any Stanford women
who are interested in securing posi
tions as camp councilors for the sum
mer.
Interviews with Miss Grant may be
secured at 532 Lasuen between the
hours of 3:15 and 6 o'clock. Appoint
ments may be made through the Dean
of Women's office to see her tomor
row evening.
Marjorie Grant, head of the Girls'
Reserve Work iri San Francisco, will
be on the campus tomorrow afternoon
to speak with any Stanford women
who are interested in securing posi
tions as camp councilors for the sum
mer.
Interviews with Miss Grant may be
secured at 532 Lasuen between the
hours of 3:15 and 6 o'clock. Appoint
ments may be made through the Dean
of Women's office to see her tomor
row evening.
Marjorie Grant, head of the Girls'
Reserve Work iri San Francisco, will
be on the campus tomorrow afternoon
to speak with any Stanford women
who are interested in securing posi
tions as camp councilors for the sum
mer.
Interviews with Miss Grant may be
secured at 532 Lasuen between the
hours of 3:15 and 6 o'clock. Appoint
ments may be made through the Dean
of Women's office to see her tomor
row evening.
Marjorie Grant, head of the Girls'
Reserve Work iri San Francisco, will
be on the campus tomorrow afternoon
to speak with any Stanford women
who are interested in securing posi
tions as camp councilors for the sum
mer.
Interviews with Miss Grant may be
secured at 532 Lasuen between the
hours of 3:15 and 6 o'clock. Appoint
ments may be made through the Dean
of Women's office to see her tomor
row evening.
Marjorie Grant, head of the Girls'
Reserve Work iri San Francisco, will
be on the campus tomorrow afternoon
to speak with any Stanford women
who are interested in securing posi
tions as camp councilors for the sum
mer.
Interviews with Miss Grant may be
secured at 532 Lasuen between the
hours of 3:15 and 6 o'clock. Appoint
ments may be made through the Dean
of Women's office to see her tomor
row evening.
Marjorie Grant, head of the Girls'
Reserve Work iri San Francisco, will
be on the campus tomorrow afternoon
to speak with any Stanford women
who are interested in securing posi
tions as camp councilors for the sum
mer.
Interviews with Miss Grant may be
secured at 532 Lasuen between the
hours of 3:15 and 6 o'clock. Appoint
ments may be made through the Dean
of Women's office to see her tomor
row evening.
Marjorie Grant, head of the Girls'
Reserve Work iri San Francisco, will
be on the campus tomorrow afternoon
to speak with any Stanford women
who are interested in securing posi
tions as camp councilors for the sum
mer.
Interviews with Miss Grant may be
secured at 532 Lasuen between the
hours of 3:15 and 6 o'clock. Appoint
ments may be made through the Dean
of Women's office to see her tomor
row evening.
Marjorie Grant, head of the Girls'
Reserve Work iri San Francisco, will
be on the campus tomorrow afternoon
to speak with any Stanford women
who are interested in securing posi
tions as camp councilors for the sum
mer.
Interviews with Miss Grant may be
secured at 532 Lasuen between the
hours of 3:15 and 6 o'clock. Appoint
ments may be made through the Dean
of Women's office to see her tomor
row evening.
Marjorie Grant, head of the Girls'
Reserve Work iri San Francisco, will
be on the campus tomorrow afternoon
to speak with any Stanford women
who are interested in securing posi
tions as camp councilors for the sum
mer.
Interviews with Miss Grant may be
secured at 532 Lasuen between the
hours of 3:15 and 6 o'clock. Appoint
ments may be made through the Dean
of Women's office to see her tomor
row evening.
