# WILBUR TO RETURN TO CAMPUS FRIDAY AFTER CUBAN TRIP
## 
### 
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur will be in
his office on Friday morning instead
of on Thursday, as was expected yes
terday. The Wilburs will return to
the campus following an extended
trip through the East and to Havana,
Cuba.
Tn New York and Washington Pr.
Wilbur attended to several items of
University business, and at Havana
he was present at the Pan-American
Conference. He was appointed chair
man of the committee dealing with
co-operation between the American
nations for the extension of popular
education.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur will be in
his office on Friday morning instead
of on Thursday, as was expected yes
terday. The Wilburs will return to
the campus following an extended
trip through the East and to Havana,
Cuba.
Tn New York and Washington Pr.
Wilbur attended to several items of
University business, and at Havana
he was present at the Pan-American
Conference. He was appointed chair
man of the committee dealing with
co-operation between the American
nations for the extension of popular
education.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur will be in
his office on Friday morning instead
of on Thursday, as was expected yes
terday. The Wilburs will return to
the campus following an extended
trip through the East and to Havana,
Cuba.
Tn New York and Washington Pr.
Wilbur attended to several items of
University business, and at Havana
he was present at the Pan-American
Conference. He was appointed chair
man of the committee dealing with
co-operation between the American
nations for the extension of popular
education.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur will be in
his office on Friday morning instead
of on Thursday, as was expected yes
terday. The Wilburs will return to
the campus following an extended
trip through the East and to Havana,
Cuba.
Tn New York and Washington Pr.
Wilbur attended to several items of
University business, and at Havana
he was present at the Pan-American
Conference. He was appointed chair
man of the committee dealing with
co-operation between the American
nations for the extension of popular
education.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur will be in
his office on Friday morning instead
of on Thursday, as was expected yes
terday. The Wilburs will return to
the campus following an extended
trip through the East and to Havana,
Cuba.
Tn New York and Washington Pr.
Wilbur attended to several items of
University business, and at Havana
he was present at the Pan-American
Conference. He was appointed chair
man of the committee dealing with
co-operation between the American
nations for the extension of popular
education.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur will be in
his office on Friday morning instead
of on Thursday, as was expected yes
terday. The Wilburs will return to
the campus following an extended
trip through the East and to Havana,
Cuba.
Tn New York and Washington Pr.
Wilbur attended to several items of
University business, and at Havana
he was present at the Pan-American
Conference. He was appointed chair
man of the committee dealing with
co-operation between the American
nations for the extension of popular
education.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur will be in
his office on Friday morning instead
of on Thursday, as was expected yes
terday. The Wilburs will return to
the campus following an extended
trip through the East and to Havana,
Cuba.
Tn New York and Washington Pr.
Wilbur attended to several items of
University business, and at Havana
he was present at the Pan-American
Conference. He was appointed chair
man of the committee dealing with
co-operation between the American
nations for the extension of popular
education.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur will be in
his office on Friday morning instead
of on Thursday, as was expected yes
terday. The Wilburs will return to
the campus following an extended
trip through the East and to Havana,
Cuba.
Tn New York and Washington Pr.
Wilbur attended to several items of
University business, and at Havana
he was present at the Pan-American
Conference. He was appointed chair
man of the committee dealing with
co-operation between the American
nations for the extension of popular
education.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur will be in
his office on Friday morning instead
of on Thursday, as was expected yes
terday. The Wilburs will return to
the campus following an extended
trip through the East and to Havana,
Cuba.
Tn New York and Washington Pr.
Wilbur attended to several items of
University business, and at Havana
he was present at the Pan-American
Conference. He was appointed chair
man of the committee dealing with
co-operation between the American
nations for the extension of popular
education.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur will be in
his office on Friday morning instead
of on Thursday, as was expected yes
terday. The Wilburs will return to
the campus following an extended
trip through the East and to Havana,
Cuba.
Tn New York and Washington Pr.
Wilbur attended to several items of
University business, and at Havana
he was present at the Pan-American
Conference. He was appointed chair
man of the committee dealing with
co-operation between the American
nations for the extension of popular
education.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur will be in
his office on Friday morning instead
of on Thursday, as was expected yes
terday. The Wilburs will return to
the campus following an extended
trip through the East and to Havana,
Cuba.
Tn New York and Washington Pr.
Wilbur attended to several items of
University business, and at Havana
he was present at the Pan-American
Conference. He was appointed chair
man of the committee dealing with
co-operation between the American
nations for the extension of popular
education.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur will be in
his office on Friday morning instead
of on Thursday, as was expected yes
terday. The Wilburs will return to
the campus following an extended
trip through the East and to Havana,
Cuba.
Tn New York and Washington Pr.
Wilbur attended to several items of
University business, and at Havana
he was present at the Pan-American
Conference. He was appointed chair
man of the committee dealing with
co-operation between the American
nations for the extension of popular
education.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur will be in
his office on Friday morning instead
of on Thursday, as was expected yes
terday. The Wilburs will return to
the campus following an extended
trip through the East and to Havana,
Cuba.
Tn New York and Washington Pr.
Wilbur attended to several items of
University business, and at Havana
he was present at the Pan-American
Conference. He was appointed chair
man of the committee dealing with
co-operation between the American
nations for the extension of popular
education.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur will be in
his office on Friday morning instead
of on Thursday, as was expected yes
terday. The Wilburs will return to
the campus following an extended
trip through the East and to Havana,
Cuba.
Tn New York and Washington Pr.
Wilbur attended to several items of
University business, and at Havana
he was present at the Pan-American
Conference. He was appointed chair
man of the committee dealing with
co-operation between the American
nations for the extension of popular
education.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur will be in
his office on Friday morning instead
of on Thursday, as was expected yes
terday. The Wilburs will return to
the campus following an extended
trip through the East and to Havana,
Cuba.
Tn New York and Washington Pr.
Wilbur attended to several items of
University business, and at Havana
he was present at the Pan-American
Conference. He was appointed chair
man of the committee dealing with
co-operation between the American
nations for the extension of popular
education.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur will be in
his office on Friday morning instead
of on Thursday, as was expected yes
terday. The Wilburs will return to
the campus following an extended
trip through the East and to Havana,
Cuba.
Tn New York and Washington Pr.
Wilbur attended to several items of
University business, and at Havana
he was present at the Pan-American
Conference. He was appointed chair
man of the committee dealing with
co-operation between the American
nations for the extension of popular
education.
