# Thirty Persons Dead After Italian Movie Theatre Fire
## 
### 
MOHIAGO, Italy, Feb. 27—(U.P.)—
Thirty persons were killed and scores
were injured here today in a movie
theatre Are. Most of the victims were
crushed to death in the panic result
ing from the rush for exits or died
from suffocation.
MOHIAGO, Italy, Feb. 27—(U.P.)—
Thirty persons were killed and scores
were injured here today in a movie
theatre Are. Most of the victims were
crushed to death in the panic result
ing from the rush for exits or died
from suffocation.
MOHIAGO, Italy, Feb. 27—(U.P.)—
Thirty persons were killed and scores
were injured here today in a movie
theatre Are. Most of the victims were
crushed to death in the panic result
ing from the rush for exits or died
from suffocation.
MOHIAGO, Italy, Feb. 27—(U.P.)—
Thirty persons were killed and scores
were injured here today in a movie
theatre Are. Most of the victims were
crushed to death in the panic result
ing from the rush for exits or died
from suffocation.
MOHIAGO, Italy, Feb. 27—(U.P.)—
Thirty persons were killed and scores
were injured here today in a movie
theatre Are. Most of the victims were
crushed to death in the panic result
ing from the rush for exits or died
from suffocation.
MOHIAGO, Italy, Feb. 27—(U.P.)—
Thirty persons were killed and scores
were injured here today in a movie
theatre Are. Most of the victims were
crushed to death in the panic result
ing from the rush for exits or died
from suffocation.
MOHIAGO, Italy, Feb. 27—(U.P.)—
Thirty persons were killed and scores
were injured here today in a movie
theatre Are. Most of the victims were
crushed to death in the panic result
ing from the rush for exits or died
from suffocation.
MOHIAGO, Italy, Feb. 27—(U.P.)—
Thirty persons were killed and scores
were injured here today in a movie
theatre Are. Most of the victims were
crushed to death in the panic result
ing from the rush for exits or died
from suffocation.
MOHIAGO, Italy, Feb. 27—(U.P.)—
Thirty persons were killed and scores
were injured here today in a movie
theatre Are. Most of the victims were
crushed to death in the panic result
ing from the rush for exits or died
from suffocation.
MOHIAGO, Italy, Feb. 27—(U.P.)—
Thirty persons were killed and scores
were injured here today in a movie
theatre Are. Most of the victims were
crushed to death in the panic result
ing from the rush for exits or died
from suffocation.
MOHIAGO, Italy, Feb. 27—(U.P.)—
Thirty persons were killed and scores
were injured here today in a movie
theatre Are. Most of the victims were
crushed to death in the panic result
ing from the rush for exits or died
from suffocation.
MOHIAGO, Italy, Feb. 27—(U.P.)—
Thirty persons were killed and scores
were injured here today in a movie
theatre Are. Most of the victims were
crushed to death in the panic result
ing from the rush for exits or died
from suffocation.
MOHIAGO, Italy, Feb. 27—(U.P.)—
Thirty persons were killed and scores
were injured here today in a movie
theatre Are. Most of the victims were
crushed to death in the panic result
ing from the rush for exits or died
from suffocation.
MOHIAGO, Italy, Feb. 27—(U.P.)—
Thirty persons were killed and scores
were injured here today in a movie
theatre Are. Most of the victims were
crushed to death in the panic result
ing from the rush for exits or died
from suffocation.
MOHIAGO, Italy, Feb. 27—(U.P.)—
Thirty persons were killed and scores
were injured here today in a movie
theatre Are. Most of the victims were
crushed to death in the panic result
ing from the rush for exits or died
from suffocation.
MOHIAGO, Italy, Feb. 27—(U.P.)—
Thirty persons were killed and scores
were injured here today in a movie
theatre Are. Most of the victims were
crushed to death in the panic result
ing from the rush for exits or died
from suffocation.
