# INTRAMURAL SIGN-UPS
## 
### 
Intramural golf and horseshoe
sign-ups are now underway. Man
agers should contact Bob Burnett,
intramural manager, and sign up
their team.
Intramural golf and horseshoe
sign-ups are now underway. Man
agers should contact Bob Burnett,
intramural manager, and sign up
their team.
Intramural golf and horseshoe
sign-ups are now underway. Man
agers should contact Bob Burnett,
intramural manager, and sign up
their team.
Intramural golf and horseshoe
sign-ups are now underway. Man
agers should contact Bob Burnett,
intramural manager, and sign up
their team.
Intramural golf and horseshoe
sign-ups are now underway. Man
agers should contact Bob Burnett,
intramural manager, and sign up
their team.
Intramural golf and horseshoe
sign-ups are now underway. Man
agers should contact Bob Burnett,
intramural manager, and sign up
their team.
Intramural golf and horseshoe
sign-ups are now underway. Man
agers should contact Bob Burnett,
intramural manager, and sign up
their team.
Intramural golf and horseshoe
sign-ups are now underway. Man
agers should contact Bob Burnett,
intramural manager, and sign up
their team.
Intramural golf and horseshoe
sign-ups are now underway. Man
agers should contact Bob Burnett,
intramural manager, and sign up
their team.
Intramural golf and horseshoe
sign-ups are now underway. Man
agers should contact Bob Burnett,
intramural manager, and sign up
their team.
Intramural golf and horseshoe
sign-ups are now underway. Man
agers should contact Bob Burnett,
intramural manager, and sign up
their team.
Intramural golf and horseshoe
sign-ups are now underway. Man
agers should contact Bob Burnett,
intramural manager, and sign up
their team.
Intramural golf and horseshoe
sign-ups are now underway. Man
agers should contact Bob Burnett,
intramural manager, and sign up
their team.
Intramural golf and horseshoe
sign-ups are now underway. Man
agers should contact Bob Burnett,
intramural manager, and sign up
their team.
Intramural golf and horseshoe
sign-ups are now underway. Man
agers should contact Bob Burnett,
intramural manager, and sign up
their team.
Intramural golf and horseshoe
sign-ups are now underway. Man
agers should contact Bob Burnett,
intramural manager, and sign up
their team.
Intramural golf and horseshoe
sign-ups are now underway. Man
agers should contact Bob Burnett,
intramural manager, and sign up
their team.
Intramural golf and horseshoe
sign-ups are now underway. Man
agers should contact Bob Burnett,
intramural manager, and sign up
their team.
