# Adv. 15 Page 4
## 
### 
I
Easter Frocks
t PLACE
ORDER
Come in and
see our pa
per copies of |
French Mod-
e ls —life size
models that
you can ir\) on to choosc the one
that pleases ijou.
In the Cardinal Hotel Building
548 Ramona St.
MRS. HARRIET COE
DRESSMAKING
Phone 535-W
j
ST^PORD"
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
I
Easter Frocks
t PLACE
ORDER
Come in and
see our pa
per copies of |
French Mod-
e ls —life size
models that
you can ir\) on to choosc the one
that pleases ijou.
In the Cardinal Hotel Building
548 Ramona St.
MRS. HARRIET COE
DRESSMAKING
Phone 535-W
j
ST^PORD"
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
I
Easter Frocks
t PLACE
ORDER
Come in and
see our pa
per copies of |
French Mod-
e ls —life size
models that
you can ir\) on to choosc the one
that pleases ijou.
In the Cardinal Hotel Building
548 Ramona St.
MRS. HARRIET COE
DRESSMAKING
Phone 535-W
j
ST^PORD"
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
I
Easter Frocks
t PLACE
ORDER
Come in and
see our pa
per copies of |
French Mod-
e ls —life size
models that
you can ir\) on to choosc the one
that pleases ijou.
In the Cardinal Hotel Building
548 Ramona St.
MRS. HARRIET COE
DRESSMAKING
Phone 535-W
j
ST^PORD"
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
I
Easter Frocks
t PLACE
ORDER
Come in and
see our pa
per copies of |
French Mod-
e ls —life size
models that
you can ir\) on to choosc the one
that pleases ijou.
In the Cardinal Hotel Building
548 Ramona St.
MRS. HARRIET COE
DRESSMAKING
Phone 535-W
j
ST^PORD"
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
I
Easter Frocks
t PLACE
ORDER
Come in and
see our pa
per copies of |
French Mod-
e ls —life size
models that
you can ir\) on to choosc the one
that pleases ijou.
In the Cardinal Hotel Building
548 Ramona St.
MRS. HARRIET COE
DRESSMAKING
Phone 535-W
j
ST^PORD"
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
I
Easter Frocks
t PLACE
ORDER
Come in and
see our pa
per copies of |
French Mod-
e ls —life size
models that
you can ir\) on to choosc the one
that pleases ijou.
In the Cardinal Hotel Building
548 Ramona St.
MRS. HARRIET COE
DRESSMAKING
Phone 535-W
j
ST^PORD"
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
I
Easter Frocks
t PLACE
ORDER
Come in and
see our pa
per copies of |
French Mod-
e ls —life size
models that
you can ir\) on to choosc the one
that pleases ijou.
In the Cardinal Hotel Building
548 Ramona St.
MRS. HARRIET COE
DRESSMAKING
Phone 535-W
j
ST^PORD"
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
I
Easter Frocks
t PLACE
ORDER
Come in and
see our pa
per copies of |
French Mod-
e ls —life size
models that
you can ir\) on to choosc the one
that pleases ijou.
In the Cardinal Hotel Building
548 Ramona St.
MRS. HARRIET COE
DRESSMAKING
Phone 535-W
j
ST^PORD"
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
I
Easter Frocks
t PLACE
ORDER
Come in and
see our pa
per copies of |
French Mod-
e ls —life size
models that
you can ir\) on to choosc the one
that pleases ijou.
In the Cardinal Hotel Building
548 Ramona St.
MRS. HARRIET COE
DRESSMAKING
Phone 535-W
j
ST^PORD"
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
I
Easter Frocks
t PLACE
ORDER
Come in and
see our pa
per copies of |
French Mod-
e ls —life size
models that
you can ir\) on to choosc the one
that pleases ijou.
In the Cardinal Hotel Building
548 Ramona St.
MRS. HARRIET COE
DRESSMAKING
Phone 535-W
j
ST^PORD"
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
I
Easter Frocks
t PLACE
ORDER
Come in and
see our pa
per copies of |
French Mod-
e ls —life size
models that
you can ir\) on to choosc the one
that pleases ijou.
In the Cardinal Hotel Building
548 Ramona St.
MRS. HARRIET COE
DRESSMAKING
Phone 535-W
j
ST^PORD"
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
I
Easter Frocks
t PLACE
ORDER
Come in and
see our pa
per copies of |
French Mod-
e ls —life size
models that
you can ir\) on to choosc the one
that pleases ijou.
In the Cardinal Hotel Building
548 Ramona St.
MRS. HARRIET COE
DRESSMAKING
Phone 535-W
j
ST^PORD"
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
I
Easter Frocks
t PLACE
ORDER
Come in and
see our pa
per copies of |
French Mod-
e ls —life size
models that
you can ir\) on to choosc the one
that pleases ijou.
In the Cardinal Hotel Building
548 Ramona St.
MRS. HARRIET COE
DRESSMAKING
Phone 535-W
j
ST^PORD"
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
