# New Names Suggested for Berkeley, Southern Branch
## 
### 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
CP.I.P.) —"Berkeley University of Cali
fornia" and "Los Angeles University
of California" have been proposed as
new names for the University of Cali
fornia and the Southern Branch of the
University, respectively by a graduate
of the class of 1907, now in New York.
These suggestions were made, it is
said, because of the confusion that
exists between various California edu
cational institutions. Those that are
causing the confusion are: California
Institute of Technology, California
Aggies, University of Southern Cali
fornia, University of California, and
University of California, Southern
Branch.

A week's course in agriculture was
given recently at lowa State College
for over thirteen hundred farmers.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
CP.I.P.) —"Berkeley University of Cali
fornia" and "Los Angeles University
of California" have been proposed as
new names for the University of Cali
fornia and the Southern Branch of the
University, respectively by a graduate
of the class of 1907, now in New York.
These suggestions were made, it is
said, because of the confusion that
exists between various California edu
cational institutions. Those that are
causing the confusion are: California
Institute of Technology, California
Aggies, University of Southern Cali
fornia, University of California, and
University of California, Southern
Branch.

A week's course in agriculture was
given recently at lowa State College
for over thirteen hundred farmers.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
CP.I.P.) —"Berkeley University of Cali
fornia" and "Los Angeles University
of California" have been proposed as
new names for the University of Cali
fornia and the Southern Branch of the
University, respectively by a graduate
of the class of 1907, now in New York.
These suggestions were made, it is
said, because of the confusion that
exists between various California edu
cational institutions. Those that are
causing the confusion are: California
Institute of Technology, California
Aggies, University of Southern Cali
fornia, University of California, and
University of California, Southern
Branch.

A week's course in agriculture was
given recently at lowa State College
for over thirteen hundred farmers.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
CP.I.P.) —"Berkeley University of Cali
fornia" and "Los Angeles University
of California" have been proposed as
new names for the University of Cali
fornia and the Southern Branch of the
University, respectively by a graduate
of the class of 1907, now in New York.
These suggestions were made, it is
said, because of the confusion that
exists between various California edu
cational institutions. Those that are
causing the confusion are: California
Institute of Technology, California
Aggies, University of Southern Cali
fornia, University of California, and
University of California, Southern
Branch.

A week's course in agriculture was
given recently at lowa State College
for over thirteen hundred farmers.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
CP.I.P.) —"Berkeley University of Cali
fornia" and "Los Angeles University
of California" have been proposed as
new names for the University of Cali
fornia and the Southern Branch of the
University, respectively by a graduate
of the class of 1907, now in New York.
These suggestions were made, it is
said, because of the confusion that
exists between various California edu
cational institutions. Those that are
causing the confusion are: California
Institute of Technology, California
Aggies, University of Southern Cali
fornia, University of California, and
University of California, Southern
Branch.

A week's course in agriculture was
given recently at lowa State College
for over thirteen hundred farmers.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
CP.I.P.) —"Berkeley University of Cali
fornia" and "Los Angeles University
of California" have been proposed as
new names for the University of Cali
fornia and the Southern Branch of the
University, respectively by a graduate
of the class of 1907, now in New York.
These suggestions were made, it is
said, because of the confusion that
exists between various California edu
cational institutions. Those that are
causing the confusion are: California
Institute of Technology, California
Aggies, University of Southern Cali
fornia, University of California, and
University of California, Southern
Branch.

A week's course in agriculture was
given recently at lowa State College
for over thirteen hundred farmers.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
CP.I.P.) —"Berkeley University of Cali
fornia" and "Los Angeles University
of California" have been proposed as
new names for the University of Cali
fornia and the Southern Branch of the
University, respectively by a graduate
of the class of 1907, now in New York.
These suggestions were made, it is
said, because of the confusion that
exists between various California edu
cational institutions. Those that are
causing the confusion are: California
Institute of Technology, California
Aggies, University of Southern Cali
fornia, University of California, and
University of California, Southern
Branch.

A week's course in agriculture was
given recently at lowa State College
for over thirteen hundred farmers.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
CP.I.P.) —"Berkeley University of Cali
fornia" and "Los Angeles University
of California" have been proposed as
new names for the University of Cali
fornia and the Southern Branch of the
University, respectively by a graduate
of the class of 1907, now in New York.
These suggestions were made, it is
said, because of the confusion that
exists between various California edu
cational institutions. Those that are
causing the confusion are: California
Institute of Technology, California
Aggies, University of Southern Cali
fornia, University of California, and
University of California, Southern
Branch.

A week's course in agriculture was
given recently at lowa State College
for over thirteen hundred farmers.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
CP.I.P.) —"Berkeley University of Cali
fornia" and "Los Angeles University
of California" have been proposed as
new names for the University of Cali
fornia and the Southern Branch of the
University, respectively by a graduate
of the class of 1907, now in New York.
These suggestions were made, it is
said, because of the confusion that
exists between various California edu
cational institutions. Those that are
causing the confusion are: California
Institute of Technology, California
Aggies, University of Southern Cali
fornia, University of California, and
University of California, Southern
Branch.

A week's course in agriculture was
given recently at lowa State College
for over thirteen hundred farmers.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
CP.I.P.) —"Berkeley University of Cali
fornia" and "Los Angeles University
of California" have been proposed as
new names for the University of Cali
fornia and the Southern Branch of the
University, respectively by a graduate
of the class of 1907, now in New York.
These suggestions were made, it is
said, because of the confusion that
exists between various California edu
cational institutions. Those that are
causing the confusion are: California
Institute of Technology, California
Aggies, University of Southern Cali
fornia, University of California, and
University of California, Southern
Branch.

A week's course in agriculture was
given recently at lowa State College
for over thirteen hundred farmers.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
CP.I.P.) —"Berkeley University of Cali
fornia" and "Los Angeles University
of California" have been proposed as
new names for the University of Cali
fornia and the Southern Branch of the
University, respectively by a graduate
of the class of 1907, now in New York.
These suggestions were made, it is
said, because of the confusion that
exists between various California edu
cational institutions. Those that are
causing the confusion are: California
Institute of Technology, California
Aggies, University of Southern Cali
fornia, University of California, and
University of California, Southern
Branch.

A week's course in agriculture was
given recently at lowa State College
for over thirteen hundred farmers.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
CP.I.P.) —"Berkeley University of Cali
fornia" and "Los Angeles University
of California" have been proposed as
new names for the University of Cali
fornia and the Southern Branch of the
University, respectively by a graduate
of the class of 1907, now in New York.
These suggestions were made, it is
said, because of the confusion that
exists between various California edu
cational institutions. Those that are
causing the confusion are: California
Institute of Technology, California
Aggies, University of Southern Cali
fornia, University of California, and
University of California, Southern
Branch.

A week's course in agriculture was
given recently at lowa State College
for over thirteen hundred farmers.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
CP.I.P.) —"Berkeley University of Cali
fornia" and "Los Angeles University
of California" have been proposed as
new names for the University of Cali
fornia and the Southern Branch of the
University, respectively by a graduate
of the class of 1907, now in New York.
These suggestions were made, it is
said, because of the confusion that
exists between various California edu
cational institutions. Those that are
causing the confusion are: California
Institute of Technology, California
Aggies, University of Southern Cali
fornia, University of California, and
University of California, Southern
Branch.

A week's course in agriculture was
given recently at lowa State College
for over thirteen hundred farmers.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
CP.I.P.) —"Berkeley University of Cali
fornia" and "Los Angeles University
of California" have been proposed as
new names for the University of Cali
fornia and the Southern Branch of the
University, respectively by a graduate
of the class of 1907, now in New York.
These suggestions were made, it is
said, because of the confusion that
exists between various California edu
cational institutions. Those that are
causing the confusion are: California
Institute of Technology, California
Aggies, University of Southern Cali
fornia, University of California, and
University of California, Southern
Branch.

A week's course in agriculture was
given recently at lowa State College
for over thirteen hundred farmers.
