# Equitation Classes For Women Begin During Week
## 
### 
Spring quarter equitation classes for
women will begin at their regular
hours this week, the dean of women's
office announced this morning. The
advanced class will meet on Tuesday
mornings from 10:30 to 12 o'clock, and
the beginning 011 Thursday at the
same hour.
The women who have been admitted
to the advanced class are Verda Ho
gan, Mildred Burlingame, Kathryn
McCahan, Margaret Meyer, Dorothy
Webster, Ruth Sievers, Ruth Vreden
burgh, June Clemmons, Doris Fee, Nel
lie Shepherd, Mary Baldwin, Nadene
Stewart, Ida Railey, and Marie Man
chee.
There are four places open in the
beginning class, which includes Anne
Bancroft, Virginia Morris, Dorothy
Bower, Betty Hall, Helen Carpenter,
Jean Stewart, Kathryn von Stein,
Katherine White, Carolyn Shepard,
Margaret Earle, Josephine Pigott.
Spring quarter equitation classes for
women will begin at their regular
hours this week, the dean of women's
office announced this morning. The
advanced class will meet on Tuesday
mornings from 10:30 to 12 o'clock, and
the beginning 011 Thursday at the
same hour.
The women who have been admitted
to the advanced class are Verda Ho
gan, Mildred Burlingame, Kathryn
McCahan, Margaret Meyer, Dorothy
Webster, Ruth Sievers, Ruth Vreden
burgh, June Clemmons, Doris Fee, Nel
lie Shepherd, Mary Baldwin, Nadene
Stewart, Ida Railey, and Marie Man
chee.
There are four places open in the
beginning class, which includes Anne
Bancroft, Virginia Morris, Dorothy
Bower, Betty Hall, Helen Carpenter,
Jean Stewart, Kathryn von Stein,
Katherine White, Carolyn Shepard,
Margaret Earle, Josephine Pigott.
Spring quarter equitation classes for
women will begin at their regular
hours this week, the dean of women's
office announced this morning. The
advanced class will meet on Tuesday
mornings from 10:30 to 12 o'clock, and
the beginning 011 Thursday at the
same hour.
The women who have been admitted
to the advanced class are Verda Ho
gan, Mildred Burlingame, Kathryn
McCahan, Margaret Meyer, Dorothy
Webster, Ruth Sievers, Ruth Vreden
burgh, June Clemmons, Doris Fee, Nel
lie Shepherd, Mary Baldwin, Nadene
Stewart, Ida Railey, and Marie Man
chee.
There are four places open in the
beginning class, which includes Anne
Bancroft, Virginia Morris, Dorothy
Bower, Betty Hall, Helen Carpenter,
Jean Stewart, Kathryn von Stein,
Katherine White, Carolyn Shepard,
Margaret Earle, Josephine Pigott.
Spring quarter equitation classes for
women will begin at their regular
hours this week, the dean of women's
office announced this morning. The
advanced class will meet on Tuesday
mornings from 10:30 to 12 o'clock, and
the beginning 011 Thursday at the
same hour.
The women who have been admitted
to the advanced class are Verda Ho
gan, Mildred Burlingame, Kathryn
McCahan, Margaret Meyer, Dorothy
Webster, Ruth Sievers, Ruth Vreden
burgh, June Clemmons, Doris Fee, Nel
lie Shepherd, Mary Baldwin, Nadene
Stewart, Ida Railey, and Marie Man
chee.
There are four places open in the
beginning class, which includes Anne
Bancroft, Virginia Morris, Dorothy
Bower, Betty Hall, Helen Carpenter,
Jean Stewart, Kathryn von Stein,
Katherine White, Carolyn Shepard,
Margaret Earle, Josephine Pigott.
Spring quarter equitation classes for
women will begin at their regular
hours this week, the dean of women's
office announced this morning. The
advanced class will meet on Tuesday
mornings from 10:30 to 12 o'clock, and
the beginning 011 Thursday at the
same hour.
The women who have been admitted
to the advanced class are Verda Ho
gan, Mildred Burlingame, Kathryn
McCahan, Margaret Meyer, Dorothy
Webster, Ruth Sievers, Ruth Vreden
burgh, June Clemmons, Doris Fee, Nel
lie Shepherd, Mary Baldwin, Nadene
Stewart, Ida Railey, and Marie Man
chee.
There are four places open in the
beginning class, which includes Anne
Bancroft, Virginia Morris, Dorothy
Bower, Betty Hall, Helen Carpenter,
Jean Stewart, Kathryn von Stein,
Katherine White, Carolyn Shepard,
Margaret Earle, Josephine Pigott.
Spring quarter equitation classes for
women will begin at their regular
hours this week, the dean of women's
office announced this morning. The
advanced class will meet on Tuesday
mornings from 10:30 to 12 o'clock, and
the beginning 011 Thursday at the
same hour.
The women who have been admitted
to the advanced class are Verda Ho
gan, Mildred Burlingame, Kathryn
McCahan, Margaret Meyer, Dorothy
Webster, Ruth Sievers, Ruth Vreden
burgh, June Clemmons, Doris Fee, Nel
lie Shepherd, Mary Baldwin, Nadene
Stewart, Ida Railey, and Marie Man
chee.
There are four places open in the
beginning class, which includes Anne
Bancroft, Virginia Morris, Dorothy
Bower, Betty Hall, Helen Carpenter,
Jean Stewart, Kathryn von Stein,
Katherine White, Carolyn Shepard,
Margaret Earle, Josephine Pigott.
Spring quarter equitation classes for
women will begin at their regular
hours this week, the dean of women's
office announced this morning. The
advanced class will meet on Tuesday
mornings from 10:30 to 12 o'clock, and
the beginning 011 Thursday at the
same hour.
The women who have been admitted
to the advanced class are Verda Ho
gan, Mildred Burlingame, Kathryn
McCahan, Margaret Meyer, Dorothy
Webster, Ruth Sievers, Ruth Vreden
burgh, June Clemmons, Doris Fee, Nel
lie Shepherd, Mary Baldwin, Nadene
Stewart, Ida Railey, and Marie Man
chee.
There are four places open in the
beginning class, which includes Anne
Bancroft, Virginia Morris, Dorothy
Bower, Betty Hall, Helen Carpenter,
Jean Stewart, Kathryn von Stein,
Katherine White, Carolyn Shepard,
Margaret Earle, Josephine Pigott.
Spring quarter equitation classes for
women will begin at their regular
hours this week, the dean of women's
office announced this morning. The
advanced class will meet on Tuesday
mornings from 10:30 to 12 o'clock, and
the beginning 011 Thursday at the
same hour.
The women who have been admitted
to the advanced class are Verda Ho
gan, Mildred Burlingame, Kathryn
McCahan, Margaret Meyer, Dorothy
Webster, Ruth Sievers, Ruth Vreden
burgh, June Clemmons, Doris Fee, Nel
lie Shepherd, Mary Baldwin, Nadene
Stewart, Ida Railey, and Marie Man
chee.
There are four places open in the
beginning class, which includes Anne
Bancroft, Virginia Morris, Dorothy
Bower, Betty Hall, Helen Carpenter,
Jean Stewart, Kathryn von Stein,
Katherine White, Carolyn Shepard,
Margaret Earle, Josephine Pigott.
Spring quarter equitation classes for
women will begin at their regular
hours this week, the dean of women's
office announced this morning. The
advanced class will meet on Tuesday
mornings from 10:30 to 12 o'clock, and
the beginning 011 Thursday at the
same hour.
The women who have been admitted
to the advanced class are Verda Ho
gan, Mildred Burlingame, Kathryn
McCahan, Margaret Meyer, Dorothy
Webster, Ruth Sievers, Ruth Vreden
burgh, June Clemmons, Doris Fee, Nel
lie Shepherd, Mary Baldwin, Nadene
Stewart, Ida Railey, and Marie Man
chee.
There are four places open in the
beginning class, which includes Anne
Bancroft, Virginia Morris, Dorothy
Bower, Betty Hall, Helen Carpenter,
Jean Stewart, Kathryn von Stein,
Katherine White, Carolyn Shepard,
Margaret Earle, Josephine Pigott.
Spring quarter equitation classes for
women will begin at their regular
hours this week, the dean of women's
office announced this morning. The
advanced class will meet on Tuesday
mornings from 10:30 to 12 o'clock, and
the beginning 011 Thursday at the
same hour.
The women who have been admitted
to the advanced class are Verda Ho
gan, Mildred Burlingame, Kathryn
McCahan, Margaret Meyer, Dorothy
Webster, Ruth Sievers, Ruth Vreden
burgh, June Clemmons, Doris Fee, Nel
lie Shepherd, Mary Baldwin, Nadene
Stewart, Ida Railey, and Marie Man
chee.
There are four places open in the
beginning class, which includes Anne
Bancroft, Virginia Morris, Dorothy
Bower, Betty Hall, Helen Carpenter,
Jean Stewart, Kathryn von Stein,
Katherine White, Carolyn Shepard,
Margaret Earle, Josephine Pigott.
Spring quarter equitation classes for
women will begin at their regular
hours this week, the dean of women's
office announced this morning. The
advanced class will meet on Tuesday
mornings from 10:30 to 12 o'clock, and
the beginning 011 Thursday at the
same hour.
The women who have been admitted
to the advanced class are Verda Ho
gan, Mildred Burlingame, Kathryn
McCahan, Margaret Meyer, Dorothy
Webster, Ruth Sievers, Ruth Vreden
burgh, June Clemmons, Doris Fee, Nel
lie Shepherd, Mary Baldwin, Nadene
Stewart, Ida Railey, and Marie Man
chee.
There are four places open in the
beginning class, which includes Anne
Bancroft, Virginia Morris, Dorothy
Bower, Betty Hall, Helen Carpenter,
Jean Stewart, Kathryn von Stein,
Katherine White, Carolyn Shepard,
Margaret Earle, Josephine Pigott.
Spring quarter equitation classes for
women will begin at their regular
hours this week, the dean of women's
office announced this morning. The
advanced class will meet on Tuesday
mornings from 10:30 to 12 o'clock, and
the beginning 011 Thursday at the
same hour.
The women who have been admitted
to the advanced class are Verda Ho
gan, Mildred Burlingame, Kathryn
McCahan, Margaret Meyer, Dorothy
Webster, Ruth Sievers, Ruth Vreden
burgh, June Clemmons, Doris Fee, Nel
lie Shepherd, Mary Baldwin, Nadene
Stewart, Ida Railey, and Marie Man
chee.
There are four places open in the
beginning class, which includes Anne
Bancroft, Virginia Morris, Dorothy
Bower, Betty Hall, Helen Carpenter,
Jean Stewart, Kathryn von Stein,
Katherine White, Carolyn Shepard,
Margaret Earle, Josephine Pigott.
Spring quarter equitation classes for
women will begin at their regular
hours this week, the dean of women's
office announced this morning. The
advanced class will meet on Tuesday
mornings from 10:30 to 12 o'clock, and
the beginning 011 Thursday at the
same hour.
The women who have been admitted
to the advanced class are Verda Ho
gan, Mildred Burlingame, Kathryn
McCahan, Margaret Meyer, Dorothy
Webster, Ruth Sievers, Ruth Vreden
burgh, June Clemmons, Doris Fee, Nel
lie Shepherd, Mary Baldwin, Nadene
Stewart, Ida Railey, and Marie Man
chee.
There are four places open in the
beginning class, which includes Anne
Bancroft, Virginia Morris, Dorothy
Bower, Betty Hall, Helen Carpenter,
Jean Stewart, Kathryn von Stein,
Katherine White, Carolyn Shepard,
Margaret Earle, Josephine Pigott.
Spring quarter equitation classes for
women will begin at their regular
hours this week, the dean of women's
office announced this morning. The
advanced class will meet on Tuesday
mornings from 10:30 to 12 o'clock, and
the beginning 011 Thursday at the
same hour.
The women who have been admitted
to the advanced class are Verda Ho
gan, Mildred Burlingame, Kathryn
McCahan, Margaret Meyer, Dorothy
Webster, Ruth Sievers, Ruth Vreden
burgh, June Clemmons, Doris Fee, Nel
lie Shepherd, Mary Baldwin, Nadene
Stewart, Ida Railey, and Marie Man
chee.
There are four places open in the
beginning class, which includes Anne
Bancroft, Virginia Morris, Dorothy
Bower, Betty Hall, Helen Carpenter,
Jean Stewart, Kathryn von Stein,
Katherine White, Carolyn Shepard,
Margaret Earle, Josephine Pigott.
