# University ignored chance to show real interest in diversity
## 
### 
I find it very, very disappointing to
state that the University did not
utilize the opportunity and sense of
timing to appoint a person of color to
the position of vice president for ad
ministration — especially given the
nature of the job and recent appeals
made to people of color in high echelon
position.
Henry Organ
Office of Development
I find it very, very disappointing to
state that the University did not
utilize the opportunity and sense of
timing to appoint a person of color to
the position of vice president for ad
ministration — especially given the
nature of the job and recent appeals
made to people of color in high echelon
position.
Henry Organ
Office of Development
I find it very, very disappointing to
state that the University did not
utilize the opportunity and sense of
timing to appoint a person of color to
the position of vice president for ad
ministration — especially given the
nature of the job and recent appeals
made to people of color in high echelon
position.
Henry Organ
Office of Development
I find it very, very disappointing to
state that the University did not
utilize the opportunity and sense of
timing to appoint a person of color to
the position of vice president for ad
ministration — especially given the
nature of the job and recent appeals
made to people of color in high echelon
position.
Henry Organ
Office of Development
I find it very, very disappointing to
state that the University did not
utilize the opportunity and sense of
timing to appoint a person of color to
the position of vice president for ad
ministration — especially given the
nature of the job and recent appeals
made to people of color in high echelon
position.
Henry Organ
Office of Development
I find it very, very disappointing to
state that the University did not
utilize the opportunity and sense of
timing to appoint a person of color to
the position of vice president for ad
ministration — especially given the
nature of the job and recent appeals
made to people of color in high echelon
position.
Henry Organ
Office of Development
I find it very, very disappointing to
state that the University did not
utilize the opportunity and sense of
timing to appoint a person of color to
the position of vice president for ad
ministration — especially given the
nature of the job and recent appeals
made to people of color in high echelon
position.
Henry Organ
Office of Development
I find it very, very disappointing to
state that the University did not
utilize the opportunity and sense of
timing to appoint a person of color to
the position of vice president for ad
ministration — especially given the
nature of the job and recent appeals
made to people of color in high echelon
position.
Henry Organ
Office of Development
