# EUPHRONIA INVITES JOURNALISTS TO HEAR FREMONT OLDER SPEAK
## 
### 
Members of staffs of local publica
tions, as well as journalism students
who are interested in the management
and operation of metropolitan news
papers, have been invited by Euphronia
Debating Society to be present at the
organization's first meeting Thursday
evening, when Fremont Older, editor of
the San Francisco Call, will speak in
formally to members and visitors.
The invitation issued by Euphronia in
cludes all members of the Stanford
Chapter of the American Journalists'
Association. Everyone interested in the
informal discussion of the American
press is urged to turn out for the meet
ing in Room 12, Law Building, at 7:30
Thursday evening.
Members of staffs of local publica
tions, as well as journalism students
who are interested in the management
and operation of metropolitan news
papers, have been invited by Euphronia
Debating Society to be present at the
organization's first meeting Thursday
evening, when Fremont Older, editor of
the San Francisco Call, will speak in
formally to members and visitors.
The invitation issued by Euphronia in
cludes all members of the Stanford
Chapter of the American Journalists'
Association. Everyone interested in the
informal discussion of the American
press is urged to turn out for the meet
ing in Room 12, Law Building, at 7:30
Thursday evening.
Members of staffs of local publica
tions, as well as journalism students
who are interested in the management
and operation of metropolitan news
papers, have been invited by Euphronia
Debating Society to be present at the
organization's first meeting Thursday
evening, when Fremont Older, editor of
the San Francisco Call, will speak in
formally to members and visitors.
The invitation issued by Euphronia in
cludes all members of the Stanford
Chapter of the American Journalists'
Association. Everyone interested in the
informal discussion of the American
press is urged to turn out for the meet
ing in Room 12, Law Building, at 7:30
Thursday evening.
Members of staffs of local publica
tions, as well as journalism students
who are interested in the management
and operation of metropolitan news
papers, have been invited by Euphronia
Debating Society to be present at the
organization's first meeting Thursday
evening, when Fremont Older, editor of
the San Francisco Call, will speak in
formally to members and visitors.
The invitation issued by Euphronia in
cludes all members of the Stanford
Chapter of the American Journalists'
Association. Everyone interested in the
informal discussion of the American
press is urged to turn out for the meet
ing in Room 12, Law Building, at 7:30
Thursday evening.
Members of staffs of local publica
tions, as well as journalism students
who are interested in the management
and operation of metropolitan news
papers, have been invited by Euphronia
Debating Society to be present at the
organization's first meeting Thursday
evening, when Fremont Older, editor of
the San Francisco Call, will speak in
formally to members and visitors.
The invitation issued by Euphronia in
cludes all members of the Stanford
Chapter of the American Journalists'
Association. Everyone interested in the
informal discussion of the American
press is urged to turn out for the meet
ing in Room 12, Law Building, at 7:30
Thursday evening.
Members of staffs of local publica
tions, as well as journalism students
who are interested in the management
and operation of metropolitan news
papers, have been invited by Euphronia
Debating Society to be present at the
organization's first meeting Thursday
evening, when Fremont Older, editor of
the San Francisco Call, will speak in
formally to members and visitors.
The invitation issued by Euphronia in
cludes all members of the Stanford
Chapter of the American Journalists'
Association. Everyone interested in the
informal discussion of the American
press is urged to turn out for the meet
ing in Room 12, Law Building, at 7:30
Thursday evening.
Members of staffs of local publica
tions, as well as journalism students
who are interested in the management
and operation of metropolitan news
papers, have been invited by Euphronia
Debating Society to be present at the
organization's first meeting Thursday
evening, when Fremont Older, editor of
the San Francisco Call, will speak in
formally to members and visitors.
The invitation issued by Euphronia in
cludes all members of the Stanford
Chapter of the American Journalists'
Association. Everyone interested in the
informal discussion of the American
press is urged to turn out for the meet
ing in Room 12, Law Building, at 7:30
Thursday evening.
Members of staffs of local publica
tions, as well as journalism students
who are interested in the management
and operation of metropolitan news
papers, have been invited by Euphronia
Debating Society to be present at the
organization's first meeting Thursday
evening, when Fremont Older, editor of
the San Francisco Call, will speak in
formally to members and visitors.
The invitation issued by Euphronia in
cludes all members of the Stanford
Chapter of the American Journalists'
Association. Everyone interested in the
informal discussion of the American
press is urged to turn out for the meet
ing in Room 12, Law Building, at 7:30
Thursday evening.
Members of staffs of local publica
tions, as well as journalism students
who are interested in the management
and operation of metropolitan news
papers, have been invited by Euphronia
Debating Society to be present at the
organization's first meeting Thursday
evening, when Fremont Older, editor of
the San Francisco Call, will speak in
formally to members and visitors.
The invitation issued by Euphronia in
cludes all members of the Stanford
Chapter of the American Journalists'
Association. Everyone interested in the
informal discussion of the American
press is urged to turn out for the meet
ing in Room 12, Law Building, at 7:30
Thursday evening.
Members of staffs of local publica
tions, as well as journalism students
who are interested in the management
and operation of metropolitan news
papers, have been invited by Euphronia
Debating Society to be present at the
organization's first meeting Thursday
evening, when Fremont Older, editor of
the San Francisco Call, will speak in
formally to members and visitors.
The invitation issued by Euphronia in
cludes all members of the Stanford
Chapter of the American Journalists'
Association. Everyone interested in the
informal discussion of the American
press is urged to turn out for the meet
ing in Room 12, Law Building, at 7:30
Thursday evening.
Members of staffs of local publica
tions, as well as journalism students
who are interested in the management
and operation of metropolitan news
papers, have been invited by Euphronia
Debating Society to be present at the
organization's first meeting Thursday
evening, when Fremont Older, editor of
the San Francisco Call, will speak in
formally to members and visitors.
The invitation issued by Euphronia in
cludes all members of the Stanford
Chapter of the American Journalists'
Association. Everyone interested in the
informal discussion of the American
press is urged to turn out for the meet
ing in Room 12, Law Building, at 7:30
Thursday evening.
Members of staffs of local publica
tions, as well as journalism students
who are interested in the management
and operation of metropolitan news
papers, have been invited by Euphronia
Debating Society to be present at the
organization's first meeting Thursday
evening, when Fremont Older, editor of
the San Francisco Call, will speak in
formally to members and visitors.
The invitation issued by Euphronia in
cludes all members of the Stanford
Chapter of the American Journalists'
Association. Everyone interested in the
informal discussion of the American
press is urged to turn out for the meet
ing in Room 12, Law Building, at 7:30
Thursday evening.
Members of staffs of local publica
tions, as well as journalism students
who are interested in the management
and operation of metropolitan news
papers, have been invited by Euphronia
Debating Society to be present at the
organization's first meeting Thursday
evening, when Fremont Older, editor of
the San Francisco Call, will speak in
formally to members and visitors.
The invitation issued by Euphronia in
cludes all members of the Stanford
Chapter of the American Journalists'
Association. Everyone interested in the
informal discussion of the American
press is urged to turn out for the meet
ing in Room 12, Law Building, at 7:30
Thursday evening.
