# Cosmopolitan Club Plans "International Night"
## 
### 
Talent of the seventeen different
nationalities represented in the Cosmo
politan Club will be presented in "In
ternational Night," which the Cosmo
politan Club will give in the Little
Theater, on October 31, according to
plans made at a meeting held last
night. Each number 011 the program
is to be interpretative of the enter
tainment of each country.
Great progress was reported on the
plans for correspondence with similar
clubs in other countries by President
G. V. Estcourt. Extracts of letters
from China and Japan, reporting prog
ress, were read. It is the plan to ex
change facts and ideals peculiar to
the different countries, and thus open
new channels of international good
feeling. Already several alumni mem
bers of the Cosmopolitan Clubs are
working toward this end in the Orient.
Talent of the seventeen different
nationalities represented in the Cosmo
politan Club will be presented in "In
ternational Night," which the Cosmo
politan Club will give in the Little
Theater, on October 31, according to
plans made at a meeting held last
night. Each number 011 the program
is to be interpretative of the enter
tainment of each country.
Great progress was reported on the
plans for correspondence with similar
clubs in other countries by President
G. V. Estcourt. Extracts of letters
from China and Japan, reporting prog
ress, were read. It is the plan to ex
change facts and ideals peculiar to
the different countries, and thus open
new channels of international good
feeling. Already several alumni mem
bers of the Cosmopolitan Clubs are
working toward this end in the Orient.
Talent of the seventeen different
nationalities represented in the Cosmo
politan Club will be presented in "In
ternational Night," which the Cosmo
politan Club will give in the Little
Theater, on October 31, according to
plans made at a meeting held last
night. Each number 011 the program
is to be interpretative of the enter
tainment of each country.
Great progress was reported on the
plans for correspondence with similar
clubs in other countries by President
G. V. Estcourt. Extracts of letters
from China and Japan, reporting prog
ress, were read. It is the plan to ex
change facts and ideals peculiar to
the different countries, and thus open
new channels of international good
feeling. Already several alumni mem
bers of the Cosmopolitan Clubs are
working toward this end in the Orient.
Talent of the seventeen different
nationalities represented in the Cosmo
politan Club will be presented in "In
ternational Night," which the Cosmo
politan Club will give in the Little
Theater, on October 31, according to
plans made at a meeting held last
night. Each number 011 the program
is to be interpretative of the enter
tainment of each country.
Great progress was reported on the
plans for correspondence with similar
clubs in other countries by President
G. V. Estcourt. Extracts of letters
from China and Japan, reporting prog
ress, were read. It is the plan to ex
change facts and ideals peculiar to
the different countries, and thus open
new channels of international good
feeling. Already several alumni mem
bers of the Cosmopolitan Clubs are
working toward this end in the Orient.
Talent of the seventeen different
nationalities represented in the Cosmo
politan Club will be presented in "In
ternational Night," which the Cosmo
politan Club will give in the Little
Theater, on October 31, according to
plans made at a meeting held last
night. Each number 011 the program
is to be interpretative of the enter
tainment of each country.
Great progress was reported on the
plans for correspondence with similar
clubs in other countries by President
G. V. Estcourt. Extracts of letters
from China and Japan, reporting prog
ress, were read. It is the plan to ex
change facts and ideals peculiar to
the different countries, and thus open
new channels of international good
feeling. Already several alumni mem
bers of the Cosmopolitan Clubs are
working toward this end in the Orient.
Talent of the seventeen different
nationalities represented in the Cosmo
politan Club will be presented in "In
ternational Night," which the Cosmo
politan Club will give in the Little
Theater, on October 31, according to
plans made at a meeting held last
night. Each number 011 the program
is to be interpretative of the enter
tainment of each country.
Great progress was reported on the
plans for correspondence with similar
clubs in other countries by President
G. V. Estcourt. Extracts of letters
from China and Japan, reporting prog
ress, were read. It is the plan to ex
change facts and ideals peculiar to
the different countries, and thus open
new channels of international good
feeling. Already several alumni mem
bers of the Cosmopolitan Clubs are
working toward this end in the Orient.
Talent of the seventeen different
nationalities represented in the Cosmo
politan Club will be presented in "In
ternational Night," which the Cosmo
politan Club will give in the Little
Theater, on October 31, according to
plans made at a meeting held last
night. Each number 011 the program
is to be interpretative of the enter
tainment of each country.
Great progress was reported on the
plans for correspondence with similar
clubs in other countries by President
G. V. Estcourt. Extracts of letters
from China and Japan, reporting prog
ress, were read. It is the plan to ex
change facts and ideals peculiar to
the different countries, and thus open
new channels of international good
feeling. Already several alumni mem
bers of the Cosmopolitan Clubs are
working toward this end in the Orient.
Talent of the seventeen different
nationalities represented in the Cosmo
politan Club will be presented in "In
ternational Night," which the Cosmo
politan Club will give in the Little
Theater, on October 31, according to
plans made at a meeting held last
night. Each number 011 the program
is to be interpretative of the enter
tainment of each country.
Great progress was reported on the
plans for correspondence with similar
clubs in other countries by President
G. V. Estcourt. Extracts of letters
from China and Japan, reporting prog
ress, were read. It is the plan to ex
change facts and ideals peculiar to
the different countries, and thus open
new channels of international good
feeling. Already several alumni mem
bers of the Cosmopolitan Clubs are
working toward this end in the Orient.
Talent of the seventeen different
nationalities represented in the Cosmo
politan Club will be presented in "In
ternational Night," which the Cosmo
politan Club will give in the Little
Theater, on October 31, according to
plans made at a meeting held last
night. Each number 011 the program
is to be interpretative of the enter
tainment of each country.
Great progress was reported on the
plans for correspondence with similar
clubs in other countries by President
G. V. Estcourt. Extracts of letters
from China and Japan, reporting prog
ress, were read. It is the plan to ex
change facts and ideals peculiar to
the different countries, and thus open
new channels of international good
feeling. Already several alumni mem
bers of the Cosmopolitan Clubs are
working toward this end in the Orient.
Talent of the seventeen different
nationalities represented in the Cosmo
politan Club will be presented in "In
ternational Night," which the Cosmo
politan Club will give in the Little
Theater, on October 31, according to
plans made at a meeting held last
night. Each number 011 the program
is to be interpretative of the enter
tainment of each country.
Great progress was reported on the
plans for correspondence with similar
clubs in other countries by President
G. V. Estcourt. Extracts of letters
from China and Japan, reporting prog
ress, were read. It is the plan to ex
change facts and ideals peculiar to
the different countries, and thus open
new channels of international good
feeling. Already several alumni mem
bers of the Cosmopolitan Clubs are
working toward this end in the Orient.
Talent of the seventeen different
nationalities represented in the Cosmo
politan Club will be presented in "In
ternational Night," which the Cosmo
politan Club will give in the Little
Theater, on October 31, according to
plans made at a meeting held last
night. Each number 011 the program
is to be interpretative of the enter
tainment of each country.
Great progress was reported on the
plans for correspondence with similar
clubs in other countries by President
G. V. Estcourt. Extracts of letters
from China and Japan, reporting prog
ress, were read. It is the plan to ex
change facts and ideals peculiar to
the different countries, and thus open
new channels of international good
feeling. Already several alumni mem
bers of the Cosmopolitan Clubs are
working toward this end in the Orient.
Talent of the seventeen different
nationalities represented in the Cosmo
politan Club will be presented in "In
ternational Night," which the Cosmo
politan Club will give in the Little
Theater, on October 31, according to
plans made at a meeting held last
night. Each number 011 the program
is to be interpretative of the enter
tainment of each country.
Great progress was reported on the
plans for correspondence with similar
clubs in other countries by President
G. V. Estcourt. Extracts of letters
from China and Japan, reporting prog
ress, were read. It is the plan to ex
change facts and ideals peculiar to
the different countries, and thus open
new channels of international good
feeling. Already several alumni mem
bers of the Cosmopolitan Clubs are
working toward this end in the Orient.
Talent of the seventeen different
nationalities represented in the Cosmo
politan Club will be presented in "In
ternational Night," which the Cosmo
politan Club will give in the Little
Theater, on October 31, according to
plans made at a meeting held last
night. Each number 011 the program
is to be interpretative of the enter
tainment of each country.
Great progress was reported on the
plans for correspondence with similar
clubs in other countries by President
G. V. Estcourt. Extracts of letters
from China and Japan, reporting prog
ress, were read. It is the plan to ex
change facts and ideals peculiar to
the different countries, and thus open
new channels of international good
feeling. Already several alumni mem
bers of the Cosmopolitan Clubs are
working toward this end in the Orient.
