# Correction
## 
### 
Yesterday's article "Students face
AIDS, take action" contained a factual
error. Justin Chung is a student at Uni
versity of San Diego, not UC-Santa Bar
bara as the article specifies.
Yesterday's article "Students face
AIDS, take action" contained a factual
error. Justin Chung is a student at Uni
versity of San Diego, not UC-Santa Bar
bara as the article specifies.
Yesterday's article "Students face
AIDS, take action" contained a factual
error. Justin Chung is a student at Uni
versity of San Diego, not UC-Santa Bar
bara as the article specifies.
Yesterday's article "Students face
AIDS, take action" contained a factual
error. Justin Chung is a student at Uni
versity of San Diego, not UC-Santa Bar
bara as the article specifies.
Yesterday's article "Students face
AIDS, take action" contained a factual
error. Justin Chung is a student at Uni
versity of San Diego, not UC-Santa Bar
bara as the article specifies.
Yesterday's article "Students face
AIDS, take action" contained a factual
error. Justin Chung is a student at Uni
versity of San Diego, not UC-Santa Bar
bara as the article specifies.
Yesterday's article "Students face
AIDS, take action" contained a factual
error. Justin Chung is a student at Uni
versity of San Diego, not UC-Santa Bar
bara as the article specifies.
