# An adventure to worlds unknown
## 
### VLADINA HESS Staff writer 
Have you ever dreamed of par
ticipating in a journey around the
world? Of venturing into unknown
lands? Of spending days at sea,
and landing in a completely new
country, with a completely new
culture?
Well, come September, junior
Karol Aure will be doing just that
â€” and what's more, she'll be
doing it as part of a community
service project.
Aure will participate in one

Feature

phase of a program called Opera
tion Raleigh, a four-year science
and service expedition that con
sists of some 40 smaller expedi
tions in over 30 countries around
the globe.
Operation Raleigh is the idea of
Great Britain's Prince Charles and
involves more than 4,000 young
people between the ages of 18 and
24, according to Aure. More than
1,500 of the participants are from

the United States.
The expedition, named after
English explorer Sir Walter
Raleigh, began in 1984 in Raleigh,
N.C., and has been progressing in
relatively short three- to four
month trips that will eventually
land in England sometime in
1988.
Previous expeditions have
already been in Chile, Honduras
and the Caribbean, Aure said. Up
coming phases, she noted, will be
in Japan, Australia and New
Zealand.
During her expedition to New
Zealand, the first month will be
spent doing marine biology re
search on board the 225-foot flag
ship, the Sir Walter Raleigh, Aure
said. The second month will be
spent on land and will feature
mountaineering, insect and bird
studies and ice climbing. It will
also test her leadership abilities,
Aure said. The last month will be
spent working on National Park
Projects.
When asked why she was inter
