# CLASSES IN ARTILLERY SCHOOL ORGANIZED
## 
### 
Classes in the new School of Artil
lery inaugurated this quarter, are now
meeting regularly, under the Instruc
tion of army officers and a staff of
enlisted men.
Classes in the new School of Artil
lery inaugurated this quarter, are now
meeting regularly, under the Instruc
tion of army officers and a staff of
enlisted men.
Classes in the new School of Artil
lery inaugurated this quarter, are now
meeting regularly, under the Instruc
tion of army officers and a staff of
enlisted men.
Classes in the new School of Artil
lery inaugurated this quarter, are now
meeting regularly, under the Instruc
tion of army officers and a staff of
enlisted men.
Classes in the new School of Artil
lery inaugurated this quarter, are now
meeting regularly, under the Instruc
tion of army officers and a staff of
enlisted men.
Classes in the new School of Artil
lery inaugurated this quarter, are now
meeting regularly, under the Instruc
tion of army officers and a staff of
enlisted men.
Classes in the new School of Artil
lery inaugurated this quarter, are now
meeting regularly, under the Instruc
tion of army officers and a staff of
enlisted men.
Classes in the new School of Artil
lery inaugurated this quarter, are now
meeting regularly, under the Instruc
tion of army officers and a staff of
enlisted men.
Classes in the new School of Artil
lery inaugurated this quarter, are now
meeting regularly, under the Instruc
tion of army officers and a staff of
enlisted men.
Classes in the new School of Artil
lery inaugurated this quarter, are now
meeting regularly, under the Instruc
tion of army officers and a staff of
enlisted men.
Classes in the new School of Artil
lery inaugurated this quarter, are now
meeting regularly, under the Instruc
tion of army officers and a staff of
enlisted men.
Classes in the new School of Artil
lery inaugurated this quarter, are now
meeting regularly, under the Instruc
tion of army officers and a staff of
enlisted men.
Classes in the new School of Artil
lery inaugurated this quarter, are now
meeting regularly, under the Instruc
tion of army officers and a staff of
enlisted men.
Classes in the new School of Artil
lery inaugurated this quarter, are now
meeting regularly, under the Instruc
tion of army officers and a staff of
enlisted men.
Classes in the new School of Artil
lery inaugurated this quarter, are now
meeting regularly, under the Instruc
tion of army officers and a staff of
enlisted men.
Classes in the new School of Artil
lery inaugurated this quarter, are now
meeting regularly, under the Instruc
tion of army officers and a staff of
enlisted men.
