# Palo Alto Sculptor Will Open Studio on Campus
## 
### 
A. Phimister Proctor, Palo Alto
sculptor, and believed by many to be the
greatest portrayer of animal life in the
world, will establish a studio in the
wooden building just behind the Union.
Proctor, whose quarters in Palo Alto
have grown too small, was asked by in
fluential people of Portland to locate
there, but lie preferred to remain here,
and asked the University for the use of
the building.
A. Phimister Proctor, Palo Alto
sculptor, and believed by many to be the
greatest portrayer of animal life in the
world, will establish a studio in the
wooden building just behind the Union.
Proctor, whose quarters in Palo Alto
have grown too small, was asked by in
fluential people of Portland to locate
there, but lie preferred to remain here,
and asked the University for the use of
the building.
A. Phimister Proctor, Palo Alto
sculptor, and believed by many to be the
greatest portrayer of animal life in the
world, will establish a studio in the
wooden building just behind the Union.
Proctor, whose quarters in Palo Alto
have grown too small, was asked by in
fluential people of Portland to locate
there, but lie preferred to remain here,
and asked the University for the use of
the building.
A. Phimister Proctor, Palo Alto
sculptor, and believed by many to be the
greatest portrayer of animal life in the
world, will establish a studio in the
wooden building just behind the Union.
Proctor, whose quarters in Palo Alto
have grown too small, was asked by in
fluential people of Portland to locate
there, but lie preferred to remain here,
and asked the University for the use of
the building.
A. Phimister Proctor, Palo Alto
sculptor, and believed by many to be the
greatest portrayer of animal life in the
world, will establish a studio in the
wooden building just behind the Union.
Proctor, whose quarters in Palo Alto
have grown too small, was asked by in
fluential people of Portland to locate
there, but lie preferred to remain here,
and asked the University for the use of
the building.
A. Phimister Proctor, Palo Alto
sculptor, and believed by many to be the
greatest portrayer of animal life in the
world, will establish a studio in the
wooden building just behind the Union.
Proctor, whose quarters in Palo Alto
have grown too small, was asked by in
fluential people of Portland to locate
there, but lie preferred to remain here,
and asked the University for the use of
the building.
A. Phimister Proctor, Palo Alto
sculptor, and believed by many to be the
greatest portrayer of animal life in the
world, will establish a studio in the
wooden building just behind the Union.
Proctor, whose quarters in Palo Alto
have grown too small, was asked by in
fluential people of Portland to locate
there, but lie preferred to remain here,
and asked the University for the use of
the building.
A. Phimister Proctor, Palo Alto
sculptor, and believed by many to be the
greatest portrayer of animal life in the
world, will establish a studio in the
wooden building just behind the Union.
Proctor, whose quarters in Palo Alto
have grown too small, was asked by in
fluential people of Portland to locate
there, but lie preferred to remain here,
and asked the University for the use of
the building.
A. Phimister Proctor, Palo Alto
sculptor, and believed by many to be the
greatest portrayer of animal life in the
world, will establish a studio in the
wooden building just behind the Union.
Proctor, whose quarters in Palo Alto
have grown too small, was asked by in
fluential people of Portland to locate
there, but lie preferred to remain here,
and asked the University for the use of
the building.
A. Phimister Proctor, Palo Alto
sculptor, and believed by many to be the
greatest portrayer of animal life in the
world, will establish a studio in the
wooden building just behind the Union.
Proctor, whose quarters in Palo Alto
have grown too small, was asked by in
fluential people of Portland to locate
there, but lie preferred to remain here,
and asked the University for the use of
the building.
A. Phimister Proctor, Palo Alto
sculptor, and believed by many to be the
greatest portrayer of animal life in the
world, will establish a studio in the
wooden building just behind the Union.
Proctor, whose quarters in Palo Alto
have grown too small, was asked by in
fluential people of Portland to locate
there, but lie preferred to remain here,
and asked the University for the use of
the building.
A. Phimister Proctor, Palo Alto
sculptor, and believed by many to be the
greatest portrayer of animal life in the
world, will establish a studio in the
wooden building just behind the Union.
Proctor, whose quarters in Palo Alto
have grown too small, was asked by in
fluential people of Portland to locate
there, but lie preferred to remain here,
and asked the University for the use of
the building.
A. Phimister Proctor, Palo Alto
sculptor, and believed by many to be the
greatest portrayer of animal life in the
world, will establish a studio in the
wooden building just behind the Union.
Proctor, whose quarters in Palo Alto
have grown too small, was asked by in
fluential people of Portland to locate
there, but lie preferred to remain here,
and asked the University for the use of
the building.
