# Adv. 13 Page 4
## 
### 
JUST IN!!
A new shipment of those popular Roughneck Sweaters in cardinal, gray and
white. While they last will be sold for the same close price as heretofore.
See them.
FRAZER & CO.
k bllly
Tailor
PALO ALTO
JUST IN!!
A new shipment of those popular Roughneck Sweaters in cardinal, gray and
white. While they last will be sold for the same close price as heretofore.
See them.
FRAZER & CO.
k bllly
Tailor
PALO ALTO
JUST IN!!
A new shipment of those popular Roughneck Sweaters in cardinal, gray and
white. While they last will be sold for the same close price as heretofore.
See them.
FRAZER & CO.
k bllly
Tailor
PALO ALTO
JUST IN!!
A new shipment of those popular Roughneck Sweaters in cardinal, gray and
white. While they last will be sold for the same close price as heretofore.
See them.
FRAZER & CO.
k bllly
Tailor
PALO ALTO
JUST IN!!
A new shipment of those popular Roughneck Sweaters in cardinal, gray and
white. While they last will be sold for the same close price as heretofore.
See them.
FRAZER & CO.
k bllly
Tailor
PALO ALTO
JUST IN!!
A new shipment of those popular Roughneck Sweaters in cardinal, gray and
white. While they last will be sold for the same close price as heretofore.
See them.
FRAZER & CO.
k bllly
Tailor
PALO ALTO
JUST IN!!
A new shipment of those popular Roughneck Sweaters in cardinal, gray and
white. While they last will be sold for the same close price as heretofore.
See them.
FRAZER & CO.
k bllly
Tailor
PALO ALTO
JUST IN!!
A new shipment of those popular Roughneck Sweaters in cardinal, gray and
white. While they last will be sold for the same close price as heretofore.
See them.
FRAZER & CO.
k bllly
Tailor
PALO ALTO
JUST IN!!
A new shipment of those popular Roughneck Sweaters in cardinal, gray and
white. While they last will be sold for the same close price as heretofore.
See them.
FRAZER & CO.
k bllly
Tailor
PALO ALTO
JUST IN!!
A new shipment of those popular Roughneck Sweaters in cardinal, gray and
white. While they last will be sold for the same close price as heretofore.
See them.
FRAZER & CO.
k bllly
Tailor
PALO ALTO
JUST IN!!
A new shipment of those popular Roughneck Sweaters in cardinal, gray and
white. While they last will be sold for the same close price as heretofore.
See them.
FRAZER & CO.
k bllly
Tailor
PALO ALTO
JUST IN!!
A new shipment of those popular Roughneck Sweaters in cardinal, gray and
white. While they last will be sold for the same close price as heretofore.
See them.
FRAZER & CO.
k bllly
Tailor
PALO ALTO
