# FIGURE IN TACNA-ARICA SETTLEMENT
## 
### 

Captains Jimenez and Iglesias, Spanish transatlantic flyers, who have
been given permission to act as air messengers for Chile in effecting a
settlement of the Tacna-Arica dispute with Peru.

Captains Jimenez and Iglesias, Spanish transatlantic flyers, who have
been given permission to act as air messengers for Chile in effecting a
settlement of the Tacna-Arica dispute with Peru.

Captains Jimenez and Iglesias, Spanish transatlantic flyers, who have
been given permission to act as air messengers for Chile in effecting a
settlement of the Tacna-Arica dispute with Peru.

Captains Jimenez and Iglesias, Spanish transatlantic flyers, who have
been given permission to act as air messengers for Chile in effecting a
settlement of the Tacna-Arica dispute with Peru.

Captains Jimenez and Iglesias, Spanish transatlantic flyers, who have
been given permission to act as air messengers for Chile in effecting a
settlement of the Tacna-Arica dispute with Peru.

Captains Jimenez and Iglesias, Spanish transatlantic flyers, who have
been given permission to act as air messengers for Chile in effecting a
settlement of the Tacna-Arica dispute with Peru.

Captains Jimenez and Iglesias, Spanish transatlantic flyers, who have
been given permission to act as air messengers for Chile in effecting a
settlement of the Tacna-Arica dispute with Peru.

Captains Jimenez and Iglesias, Spanish transatlantic flyers, who have
been given permission to act as air messengers for Chile in effecting a
settlement of the Tacna-Arica dispute with Peru.

Captains Jimenez and Iglesias, Spanish transatlantic flyers, who have
been given permission to act as air messengers for Chile in effecting a
settlement of the Tacna-Arica dispute with Peru.

Captains Jimenez and Iglesias, Spanish transatlantic flyers, who have
been given permission to act as air messengers for Chile in effecting a
settlement of the Tacna-Arica dispute with Peru.

Captains Jimenez and Iglesias, Spanish transatlantic flyers, who have
been given permission to act as air messengers for Chile in effecting a
settlement of the Tacna-Arica dispute with Peru.

Captains Jimenez and Iglesias, Spanish transatlantic flyers, who have
been given permission to act as air messengers for Chile in effecting a
settlement of the Tacna-Arica dispute with Peru.

Captains Jimenez and Iglesias, Spanish transatlantic flyers, who have
been given permission to act as air messengers for Chile in effecting a
settlement of the Tacna-Arica dispute with Peru.

Captains Jimenez and Iglesias, Spanish transatlantic flyers, who have
been given permission to act as air messengers for Chile in effecting a
settlement of the Tacna-Arica dispute with Peru.

Captains Jimenez and Iglesias, Spanish transatlantic flyers, who have
been given permission to act as air messengers for Chile in effecting a
settlement of the Tacna-Arica dispute with Peru.

Captains Jimenez and Iglesias, Spanish transatlantic flyers, who have
been given permission to act as air messengers for Chile in effecting a
settlement of the Tacna-Arica dispute with Peru.
