# CARDINAL SWIMMER IS DEFEATED FOR JUNIOR NATIONAL A.A.U. TITLE
## 
### 
Barret Brown, Stanford varsity
swimmer, was barely nosed out of
first place in the Junior National
A.A.U. 100-yard free-style champion
ship race Saturday night in San Diego
after a thrilling duel with Weston
Kimble, the winner.
Kimble's participation in the event,
which was a junior national, has been
protested because of his previous
competition as a member of the Illi
nois Athletic Club relay team, senior
champions. The decision is now pend
ing before the rules committee of the
A.A.U. and if Kimble should be ruled
out. Brown will be declared the cham
pion. The Hollywood Athletic Club
swimmer covered the distance in
55 3-5 seconds. Brown, who was but
an instant behind the winner, swam
the century three seconds faster than
he has ever done before.
Some of the best swimmers on the
coast were entered in the meet which
took place in the Mission Beach pool.
Bixley of San Diego Athletic Club
finished two yards behind Brown for
third place. Oscar Simmons of U.S.C.,
who won the 100-yard free-style swim
at the recent minor sports tournament
here, did not place Saturday.
