# May Succeed Herrick
## 
### 

Frederick H. Prince, Boston
banker, is among those mentioned
as possible successors to Ambassa<
dor Myron T. Herrick at Paris.

Frederick H. Prince, Boston
banker, is among those mentioned
as possible successors to Ambassa<
dor Myron T. Herrick at Paris.

Frederick H. Prince, Boston
banker, is among those mentioned
as possible successors to Ambassa<
dor Myron T. Herrick at Paris.

Frederick H. Prince, Boston
banker, is among those mentioned
as possible successors to Ambassa<
dor Myron T. Herrick at Paris.

Frederick H. Prince, Boston
banker, is among those mentioned
as possible successors to Ambassa<
dor Myron T. Herrick at Paris.

Frederick H. Prince, Boston
banker, is among those mentioned
as possible successors to Ambassa<
dor Myron T. Herrick at Paris.

Frederick H. Prince, Boston
banker, is among those mentioned
as possible successors to Ambassa<
dor Myron T. Herrick at Paris.

Frederick H. Prince, Boston
banker, is among those mentioned
as possible successors to Ambassa<
dor Myron T. Herrick at Paris.

Frederick H. Prince, Boston
banker, is among those mentioned
as possible successors to Ambassa<
dor Myron T. Herrick at Paris.

Frederick H. Prince, Boston
banker, is among those mentioned
as possible successors to Ambassa<
dor Myron T. Herrick at Paris.

Frederick H. Prince, Boston
banker, is among those mentioned
as possible successors to Ambassa<
dor Myron T. Herrick at Paris.

Frederick H. Prince, Boston
banker, is among those mentioned
as possible successors to Ambassa<
dor Myron T. Herrick at Paris.

Frederick H. Prince, Boston
banker, is among those mentioned
as possible successors to Ambassa<
dor Myron T. Herrick at Paris.

Frederick H. Prince, Boston
banker, is among those mentioned
as possible successors to Ambassa<
dor Myron T. Herrick at Paris.

Frederick H. Prince, Boston
banker, is among those mentioned
as possible successors to Ambassa<
dor Myron T. Herrick at Paris.

Frederick H. Prince, Boston
banker, is among those mentioned
as possible successors to Ambassa<
dor Myron T. Herrick at Paris.
