# PLAN FOR NAVAL DISARMAMENT IS FAVORED BY U.S.
## American Delegate Disposed To Accept Proposal of France on Tonnage Limit Approval of Gibson Is Given To Facilitate Reaching of General Naval Agreement 
### 
GENEVA, April 22. (#>)— Hugh S.
Gibson, American delegate to the Pre
paratory Disarmament Conference in
session here, announced today the
United States was disposed to accept
France's proposal of limitation of na
val tonnage by categories. The offer,
he said, was made in the hope of
facilitating a general agreement on
naval reduction.
The French proposal is that which
provides for assignment of a total
tonnage to each nation. This total is
to be divided among categories of
whips by specified tonnages as a basis
of discussion.
Mr. Gibson's speech was made in
an atmosphere of intense expectation
and interest. He had every ear as he
began, departing from his set speech
to refer to the "hopeful" statement of
Lord Cushendun, British delegate, last
•week.
"I desire to lay emphasis on the
fact," he said, "that for us the essen
tial thing is achievement of substan
tial results. Methods are of secondary
importance.
"My government is disposed to give
full and friendly consideration to any
supplementary methods of limitation
which may be calculated to make our
proposals—the French thesis or any
-other —acceptable to other powers, if
such a course appears desirable my
government will be prepared to give
consideration to a method of estimat
ing equivalent naval values which will
take acount of other factors than dis
placement tonnage alone.
"In order to arrive at a basis of
comparison in the case of categories
in which there are marked variations
as to finit characteristics it might
be desirable in arriving at a formula
for estimating equivalent tonnage to
consider certain factors which pro
duce these variations, such as age,
unit of displacement, and calibre of
guns."
