# Visits Hoover
## 
### 

Don Pablo Ramirez, minister of
finance in the Chilean cabinet, vis
ited Washington to pay his respects
to President Hoover. He is study
ing the market for Chilean nitrate.

Don Pablo Ramirez, minister of
finance in the Chilean cabinet, vis
ited Washington to pay his respects
to President Hoover. He is study
ing the market for Chilean nitrate.

Don Pablo Ramirez, minister of
finance in the Chilean cabinet, vis
ited Washington to pay his respects
to President Hoover. He is study
ing the market for Chilean nitrate.

Don Pablo Ramirez, minister of
finance in the Chilean cabinet, vis
ited Washington to pay his respects
to President Hoover. He is study
ing the market for Chilean nitrate.

Don Pablo Ramirez, minister of
finance in the Chilean cabinet, vis
ited Washington to pay his respects
to President Hoover. He is study
ing the market for Chilean nitrate.

Don Pablo Ramirez, minister of
finance in the Chilean cabinet, vis
ited Washington to pay his respects
to President Hoover. He is study
ing the market for Chilean nitrate.

Don Pablo Ramirez, minister of
finance in the Chilean cabinet, vis
ited Washington to pay his respects
to President Hoover. He is study
ing the market for Chilean nitrate.

Don Pablo Ramirez, minister of
finance in the Chilean cabinet, vis
ited Washington to pay his respects
to President Hoover. He is study
ing the market for Chilean nitrate.

Don Pablo Ramirez, minister of
finance in the Chilean cabinet, vis
ited Washington to pay his respects
to President Hoover. He is study
ing the market for Chilean nitrate.

Don Pablo Ramirez, minister of
finance in the Chilean cabinet, vis
ited Washington to pay his respects
to President Hoover. He is study
ing the market for Chilean nitrate.

Don Pablo Ramirez, minister of
finance in the Chilean cabinet, vis
ited Washington to pay his respects
to President Hoover. He is study
ing the market for Chilean nitrate.

Don Pablo Ramirez, minister of
finance in the Chilean cabinet, vis
ited Washington to pay his respects
to President Hoover. He is study
ing the market for Chilean nitrate.

Don Pablo Ramirez, minister of
finance in the Chilean cabinet, vis
ited Washington to pay his respects
to President Hoover. He is study
ing the market for Chilean nitrate.

Don Pablo Ramirez, minister of
finance in the Chilean cabinet, vis
ited Washington to pay his respects
to President Hoover. He is study
ing the market for Chilean nitrate.

Don Pablo Ramirez, minister of
finance in the Chilean cabinet, vis
ited Washington to pay his respects
to President Hoover. He is study
ing the market for Chilean nitrate.

Don Pablo Ramirez, minister of
finance in the Chilean cabinet, vis
ited Washington to pay his respects
to President Hoover. He is study
ing the market for Chilean nitrate.
