# Sophomores to Allow Gate Admissions This Evening
## 
### 
"Although the ticket-sale for the
Sophomore Dance has been large, a
limited number of cash customers will
be admitted at the door," was the
statement issued today by W. L. Sand
berg, chairman of the dance commit
tee. "A very few cards are left and
they may possibly be disposed of to
day, an event which will cause the re
duction of the number of gate admis
sions."
The music will be furnished by
Hackett's Jazzemup aggregation and
punch will be served.
"Although the ticket-sale for the
Sophomore Dance has been large, a
limited number of cash customers will
be admitted at the door," was the
statement issued today by W. L. Sand
berg, chairman of the dance commit
tee. "A very few cards are left and
they may possibly be disposed of to
day, an event which will cause the re
duction of the number of gate admis
sions."
The music will be furnished by
Hackett's Jazzemup aggregation and
punch will be served.
"Although the ticket-sale for the
Sophomore Dance has been large, a
limited number of cash customers will
be admitted at the door," was the
statement issued today by W. L. Sand
berg, chairman of the dance commit
tee. "A very few cards are left and
they may possibly be disposed of to
day, an event which will cause the re
duction of the number of gate admis
sions."
The music will be furnished by
Hackett's Jazzemup aggregation and
punch will be served.
"Although the ticket-sale for the
Sophomore Dance has been large, a
limited number of cash customers will
be admitted at the door," was the
statement issued today by W. L. Sand
berg, chairman of the dance commit
tee. "A very few cards are left and
they may possibly be disposed of to
day, an event which will cause the re
duction of the number of gate admis
sions."
The music will be furnished by
Hackett's Jazzemup aggregation and
punch will be served.
"Although the ticket-sale for the
Sophomore Dance has been large, a
limited number of cash customers will
be admitted at the door," was the
statement issued today by W. L. Sand
berg, chairman of the dance commit
tee. "A very few cards are left and
they may possibly be disposed of to
day, an event which will cause the re
duction of the number of gate admis
sions."
The music will be furnished by
Hackett's Jazzemup aggregation and
punch will be served.
"Although the ticket-sale for the
Sophomore Dance has been large, a
limited number of cash customers will
be admitted at the door," was the
statement issued today by W. L. Sand
berg, chairman of the dance commit
tee. "A very few cards are left and
they may possibly be disposed of to
day, an event which will cause the re
duction of the number of gate admis
sions."
The music will be furnished by
Hackett's Jazzemup aggregation and
punch will be served.
"Although the ticket-sale for the
Sophomore Dance has been large, a
limited number of cash customers will
be admitted at the door," was the
statement issued today by W. L. Sand
berg, chairman of the dance commit
tee. "A very few cards are left and
they may possibly be disposed of to
day, an event which will cause the re
duction of the number of gate admis
sions."
The music will be furnished by
Hackett's Jazzemup aggregation and
punch will be served.
"Although the ticket-sale for the
Sophomore Dance has been large, a
limited number of cash customers will
be admitted at the door," was the
statement issued today by W. L. Sand
berg, chairman of the dance commit
tee. "A very few cards are left and
they may possibly be disposed of to
day, an event which will cause the re
duction of the number of gate admis
sions."
The music will be furnished by
Hackett's Jazzemup aggregation and
punch will be served.
"Although the ticket-sale for the
Sophomore Dance has been large, a
limited number of cash customers will
be admitted at the door," was the
statement issued today by W. L. Sand
berg, chairman of the dance commit
tee. "A very few cards are left and
they may possibly be disposed of to
day, an event which will cause the re
duction of the number of gate admis
sions."
The music will be furnished by
Hackett's Jazzemup aggregation and
punch will be served.
"Although the ticket-sale for the
Sophomore Dance has been large, a
limited number of cash customers will
be admitted at the door," was the
statement issued today by W. L. Sand
berg, chairman of the dance commit
tee. "A very few cards are left and
they may possibly be disposed of to
day, an event which will cause the re
duction of the number of gate admis
sions."
The music will be furnished by
Hackett's Jazzemup aggregation and
punch will be served.
"Although the ticket-sale for the
Sophomore Dance has been large, a
limited number of cash customers will
be admitted at the door," was the
statement issued today by W. L. Sand
berg, chairman of the dance commit
tee. "A very few cards are left and
they may possibly be disposed of to
day, an event which will cause the re
duction of the number of gate admis
sions."
The music will be furnished by
Hackett's Jazzemup aggregation and
punch will be served.
"Although the ticket-sale for the
Sophomore Dance has been large, a
limited number of cash customers will
be admitted at the door," was the
statement issued today by W. L. Sand
berg, chairman of the dance commit
tee. "A very few cards are left and
they may possibly be disposed of to
day, an event which will cause the re
duction of the number of gate admis
sions."
The music will be furnished by
Hackett's Jazzemup aggregation and
punch will be served.
"Although the ticket-sale for the
Sophomore Dance has been large, a
limited number of cash customers will
be admitted at the door," was the
statement issued today by W. L. Sand
berg, chairman of the dance commit
tee. "A very few cards are left and
they may possibly be disposed of to
day, an event which will cause the re
duction of the number of gate admis
sions."
The music will be furnished by
Hackett's Jazzemup aggregation and
punch will be served.
