# It's Dusty, But They Live Here
## 
### 
Braving the accumulated piles of dirt, used
boards, sawliorses and cement forms, the women
moved into Florence Moore Hall yesterday. Three
hundred and fifty girls are scheduled to live in
Moore Hall. Only 250 were able to move in,
because two of the wings are not yet completed.
The remaining 100 will live in Encina. There

are seven wings in Florence Moore Hall, named
for Spanish birds. It is estimated by University
officials that the two remaining wings will be
completed and the women can move in within
three weeks. In the meantime, 100 women will
exist in Encina, the old freshman men's dorm.
—Daily photo by Lynn Bramkamp

Braving the accumulated piles of dirt, used
boards, sawliorses and cement forms, the women
moved into Florence Moore Hall yesterday. Three
hundred and fifty girls are scheduled to live in
Moore Hall. Only 250 were able to move in,
because two of the wings are not yet completed.
The remaining 100 will live in Encina. There

are seven wings in Florence Moore Hall, named
for Spanish birds. It is estimated by University
officials that the two remaining wings will be
completed and the women can move in within
three weeks. In the meantime, 100 women will
exist in Encina, the old freshman men's dorm.
—Daily photo by Lynn Bramkamp

Braving the accumulated piles of dirt, used
boards, sawliorses and cement forms, the women
moved into Florence Moore Hall yesterday. Three
hundred and fifty girls are scheduled to live in
Moore Hall. Only 250 were able to move in,
because two of the wings are not yet completed.
The remaining 100 will live in Encina. There

are seven wings in Florence Moore Hall, named
for Spanish birds. It is estimated by University
officials that the two remaining wings will be
completed and the women can move in within
three weeks. In the meantime, 100 women will
exist in Encina, the old freshman men's dorm.
—Daily photo by Lynn Bramkamp

Braving the accumulated piles of dirt, used
boards, sawliorses and cement forms, the women
moved into Florence Moore Hall yesterday. Three
hundred and fifty girls are scheduled to live in
Moore Hall. Only 250 were able to move in,
because two of the wings are not yet completed.
The remaining 100 will live in Encina. There

are seven wings in Florence Moore Hall, named
for Spanish birds. It is estimated by University
officials that the two remaining wings will be
completed and the women can move in within
three weeks. In the meantime, 100 women will
exist in Encina, the old freshman men's dorm.
—Daily photo by Lynn Bramkamp

Braving the accumulated piles of dirt, used
boards, sawliorses and cement forms, the women
moved into Florence Moore Hall yesterday. Three
hundred and fifty girls are scheduled to live in
Moore Hall. Only 250 were able to move in,
because two of the wings are not yet completed.
The remaining 100 will live in Encina. There

are seven wings in Florence Moore Hall, named
for Spanish birds. It is estimated by University
officials that the two remaining wings will be
completed and the women can move in within
three weeks. In the meantime, 100 women will
exist in Encina, the old freshman men's dorm.
—Daily photo by Lynn Bramkamp

Braving the accumulated piles of dirt, used
boards, sawliorses and cement forms, the women
moved into Florence Moore Hall yesterday. Three
hundred and fifty girls are scheduled to live in
Moore Hall. Only 250 were able to move in,
because two of the wings are not yet completed.
The remaining 100 will live in Encina. There

are seven wings in Florence Moore Hall, named
for Spanish birds. It is estimated by University
officials that the two remaining wings will be
completed and the women can move in within
three weeks. In the meantime, 100 women will
exist in Encina, the old freshman men's dorm.
—Daily photo by Lynn Bramkamp

Braving the accumulated piles of dirt, used
boards, sawliorses and cement forms, the women
moved into Florence Moore Hall yesterday. Three
hundred and fifty girls are scheduled to live in
Moore Hall. Only 250 were able to move in,
because two of the wings are not yet completed.
The remaining 100 will live in Encina. There

are seven wings in Florence Moore Hall, named
for Spanish birds. It is estimated by University
officials that the two remaining wings will be
completed and the women can move in within
three weeks. In the meantime, 100 women will
exist in Encina, the old freshman men's dorm.
—Daily photo by Lynn Bramkamp

Braving the accumulated piles of dirt, used
boards, sawliorses and cement forms, the women
moved into Florence Moore Hall yesterday. Three
hundred and fifty girls are scheduled to live in
Moore Hall. Only 250 were able to move in,
because two of the wings are not yet completed.
The remaining 100 will live in Encina. There

are seven wings in Florence Moore Hall, named
for Spanish birds. It is estimated by University
officials that the two remaining wings will be
completed and the women can move in within
three weeks. In the meantime, 100 women will
exist in Encina, the old freshman men's dorm.
—Daily photo by Lynn Bramkamp

Braving the accumulated piles of dirt, used
boards, sawliorses and cement forms, the women
moved into Florence Moore Hall yesterday. Three
hundred and fifty girls are scheduled to live in
Moore Hall. Only 250 were able to move in,
because two of the wings are not yet completed.
The remaining 100 will live in Encina. There

are seven wings in Florence Moore Hall, named
for Spanish birds. It is estimated by University
officials that the two remaining wings will be
completed and the women can move in within
three weeks. In the meantime, 100 women will
exist in Encina, the old freshman men's dorm.
—Daily photo by Lynn Bramkamp

Braving the accumulated piles of dirt, used
boards, sawliorses and cement forms, the women
moved into Florence Moore Hall yesterday. Three
hundred and fifty girls are scheduled to live in
Moore Hall. Only 250 were able to move in,
because two of the wings are not yet completed.
The remaining 100 will live in Encina. There

are seven wings in Florence Moore Hall, named
for Spanish birds. It is estimated by University
officials that the two remaining wings will be
completed and the women can move in within
three weeks. In the meantime, 100 women will
exist in Encina, the old freshman men's dorm.
—Daily photo by Lynn Bramkamp

Braving the accumulated piles of dirt, used
boards, sawliorses and cement forms, the women
moved into Florence Moore Hall yesterday. Three
hundred and fifty girls are scheduled to live in
Moore Hall. Only 250 were able to move in,
because two of the wings are not yet completed.
The remaining 100 will live in Encina. There

are seven wings in Florence Moore Hall, named
for Spanish birds. It is estimated by University
officials that the two remaining wings will be
completed and the women can move in within
three weeks. In the meantime, 100 women will
exist in Encina, the old freshman men's dorm.
—Daily photo by Lynn Bramkamp

Braving the accumulated piles of dirt, used
boards, sawliorses and cement forms, the women
moved into Florence Moore Hall yesterday. Three
hundred and fifty girls are scheduled to live in
Moore Hall. Only 250 were able to move in,
because two of the wings are not yet completed.
The remaining 100 will live in Encina. There

are seven wings in Florence Moore Hall, named
for Spanish birds. It is estimated by University
officials that the two remaining wings will be
completed and the women can move in within
three weeks. In the meantime, 100 women will
exist in Encina, the old freshman men's dorm.
—Daily photo by Lynn Bramkamp

Braving the accumulated piles of dirt, used
boards, sawliorses and cement forms, the women
moved into Florence Moore Hall yesterday. Three
hundred and fifty girls are scheduled to live in
Moore Hall. Only 250 were able to move in,
because two of the wings are not yet completed.
The remaining 100 will live in Encina. There

are seven wings in Florence Moore Hall, named
for Spanish birds. It is estimated by University
officials that the two remaining wings will be
completed and the women can move in within
three weeks. In the meantime, 100 women will
exist in Encina, the old freshman men's dorm.
—Daily photo by Lynn Bramkamp

Braving the accumulated piles of dirt, used
boards, sawliorses and cement forms, the women
moved into Florence Moore Hall yesterday. Three
hundred and fifty girls are scheduled to live in
Moore Hall. Only 250 were able to move in,
because two of the wings are not yet completed.
The remaining 100 will live in Encina. There

are seven wings in Florence Moore Hall, named
for Spanish birds. It is estimated by University
officials that the two remaining wings will be
completed and the women can move in within
three weeks. In the meantime, 100 women will
exist in Encina, the old freshman men's dorm.
—Daily photo by Lynn Bramkamp

Braving the accumulated piles of dirt, used
boards, sawliorses and cement forms, the women
moved into Florence Moore Hall yesterday. Three
hundred and fifty girls are scheduled to live in
Moore Hall. Only 250 were able to move in,
because two of the wings are not yet completed.
The remaining 100 will live in Encina. There

are seven wings in Florence Moore Hall, named
for Spanish birds. It is estimated by University
officials that the two remaining wings will be
completed and the women can move in within
three weeks. In the meantime, 100 women will
exist in Encina, the old freshman men's dorm.
—Daily photo by Lynn Bramkamp

