# Former Dean of Biz School Dies
## 
### 
Dr. Willard Eugene Hotchkiss,
dean of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business from 1925 to
1932, died Thursday from injuries
received in an automobile acci
dent in Salinas. He was 82 years
old.
Dr. Hotchkiss served as a con
sultant on government agencies
prior to his Stanford appoint
ment. At one time he was on Her
bert Hoover's staff when the for
; mer President was Secretary of
Commerce. He also was presi
dent of Armour Institute of Tech
nology, and taught at Carnegie
Institute of Technology, the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania, the Uni
versity of California and New
York University.
Dr. Hotchkiss was a resident of
the University Club of San Fran-
I cisco.
Dr. Willard Eugene Hotchkiss,
dean of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business from 1925 to
1932, died Thursday from injuries
received in an automobile acci
dent in Salinas. He was 82 years
old.
Dr. Hotchkiss served as a con
sultant on government agencies
prior to his Stanford appoint
ment. At one time he was on Her
bert Hoover's staff when the for
; mer President was Secretary of
Commerce. He also was presi
dent of Armour Institute of Tech
nology, and taught at Carnegie
Institute of Technology, the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania, the Uni
versity of California and New
York University.
Dr. Hotchkiss was a resident of
the University Club of San Fran-
I cisco.
Dr. Willard Eugene Hotchkiss,
dean of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business from 1925 to
1932, died Thursday from injuries
received in an automobile acci
dent in Salinas. He was 82 years
old.
Dr. Hotchkiss served as a con
sultant on government agencies
prior to his Stanford appoint
ment. At one time he was on Her
bert Hoover's staff when the for
; mer President was Secretary of
Commerce. He also was presi
dent of Armour Institute of Tech
nology, and taught at Carnegie
Institute of Technology, the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania, the Uni
versity of California and New
York University.
Dr. Hotchkiss was a resident of
the University Club of San Fran-
I cisco.
Dr. Willard Eugene Hotchkiss,
dean of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business from 1925 to
1932, died Thursday from injuries
received in an automobile acci
dent in Salinas. He was 82 years
old.
Dr. Hotchkiss served as a con
sultant on government agencies
prior to his Stanford appoint
ment. At one time he was on Her
bert Hoover's staff when the for
; mer President was Secretary of
Commerce. He also was presi
dent of Armour Institute of Tech
nology, and taught at Carnegie
Institute of Technology, the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania, the Uni
versity of California and New
York University.
Dr. Hotchkiss was a resident of
the University Club of San Fran-
I cisco.
Dr. Willard Eugene Hotchkiss,
dean of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business from 1925 to
1932, died Thursday from injuries
received in an automobile acci
dent in Salinas. He was 82 years
old.
Dr. Hotchkiss served as a con
sultant on government agencies
prior to his Stanford appoint
ment. At one time he was on Her
bert Hoover's staff when the for
; mer President was Secretary of
Commerce. He also was presi
dent of Armour Institute of Tech
nology, and taught at Carnegie
Institute of Technology, the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania, the Uni
versity of California and New
York University.
Dr. Hotchkiss was a resident of
the University Club of San Fran-
I cisco.
Dr. Willard Eugene Hotchkiss,
dean of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business from 1925 to
1932, died Thursday from injuries
received in an automobile acci
dent in Salinas. He was 82 years
old.
Dr. Hotchkiss served as a con
sultant on government agencies
prior to his Stanford appoint
ment. At one time he was on Her
bert Hoover's staff when the for
; mer President was Secretary of
Commerce. He also was presi
dent of Armour Institute of Tech
nology, and taught at Carnegie
Institute of Technology, the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania, the Uni
versity of California and New
York University.
Dr. Hotchkiss was a resident of
the University Club of San Fran-
I cisco.
Dr. Willard Eugene Hotchkiss,
dean of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business from 1925 to
1932, died Thursday from injuries
received in an automobile acci
dent in Salinas. He was 82 years
old.
Dr. Hotchkiss served as a con
sultant on government agencies
prior to his Stanford appoint
ment. At one time he was on Her
bert Hoover's staff when the for
; mer President was Secretary of
Commerce. He also was presi
dent of Armour Institute of Tech
nology, and taught at Carnegie
Institute of Technology, the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania, the Uni
versity of California and New
York University.
Dr. Hotchkiss was a resident of
the University Club of San Fran-
I cisco.
Dr. Willard Eugene Hotchkiss,
dean of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business from 1925 to
1932, died Thursday from injuries
received in an automobile acci
dent in Salinas. He was 82 years
old.
Dr. Hotchkiss served as a con
sultant on government agencies
prior to his Stanford appoint
ment. At one time he was on Her
bert Hoover's staff when the for
; mer President was Secretary of
Commerce. He also was presi
dent of Armour Institute of Tech
nology, and taught at Carnegie
Institute of Technology, the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania, the Uni
versity of California and New
York University.
Dr. Hotchkiss was a resident of
the University Club of San Fran-
I cisco.
Dr. Willard Eugene Hotchkiss,
dean of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business from 1925 to
1932, died Thursday from injuries
received in an automobile acci
dent in Salinas. He was 82 years
old.
Dr. Hotchkiss served as a con
sultant on government agencies
prior to his Stanford appoint
ment. At one time he was on Her
bert Hoover's staff when the for
; mer President was Secretary of
Commerce. He also was presi
dent of Armour Institute of Tech
nology, and taught at Carnegie
Institute of Technology, the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania, the Uni
versity of California and New
York University.
Dr. Hotchkiss was a resident of
the University Club of San Fran-
I cisco.
Dr. Willard Eugene Hotchkiss,
dean of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business from 1925 to
1932, died Thursday from injuries
received in an automobile acci
dent in Salinas. He was 82 years
old.
Dr. Hotchkiss served as a con
sultant on government agencies
prior to his Stanford appoint
ment. At one time he was on Her
bert Hoover's staff when the for
; mer President was Secretary of
Commerce. He also was presi
dent of Armour Institute of Tech
nology, and taught at Carnegie
Institute of Technology, the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania, the Uni
versity of California and New
York University.
Dr. Hotchkiss was a resident of
the University Club of San Fran-
I cisco.
Dr. Willard Eugene Hotchkiss,
dean of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business from 1925 to
1932, died Thursday from injuries
received in an automobile acci
dent in Salinas. He was 82 years
old.
Dr. Hotchkiss served as a con
sultant on government agencies
prior to his Stanford appoint
ment. At one time he was on Her
bert Hoover's staff when the for
; mer President was Secretary of
Commerce. He also was presi
dent of Armour Institute of Tech
nology, and taught at Carnegie
Institute of Technology, the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania, the Uni
versity of California and New
York University.
Dr. Hotchkiss was a resident of
the University Club of San Fran-
I cisco.
Dr. Willard Eugene Hotchkiss,
dean of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business from 1925 to
1932, died Thursday from injuries
received in an automobile acci
dent in Salinas. He was 82 years
old.
Dr. Hotchkiss served as a con
sultant on government agencies
prior to his Stanford appoint
ment. At one time he was on Her
bert Hoover's staff when the for
; mer President was Secretary of
Commerce. He also was presi
dent of Armour Institute of Tech
nology, and taught at Carnegie
Institute of Technology, the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania, the Uni
versity of California and New
York University.
Dr. Hotchkiss was a resident of
the University Club of San Fran-
I cisco.
Dr. Willard Eugene Hotchkiss,
dean of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business from 1925 to
1932, died Thursday from injuries
received in an automobile acci
dent in Salinas. He was 82 years
old.
Dr. Hotchkiss served as a con
sultant on government agencies
prior to his Stanford appoint
ment. At one time he was on Her
bert Hoover's staff when the for
; mer President was Secretary of
Commerce. He also was presi
dent of Armour Institute of Tech
nology, and taught at Carnegie
Institute of Technology, the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania, the Uni
versity of California and New
York University.
Dr. Hotchkiss was a resident of
the University Club of San Fran-
I cisco.
Dr. Willard Eugene Hotchkiss,
dean of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business from 1925 to
1932, died Thursday from injuries
received in an automobile acci
dent in Salinas. He was 82 years
old.
Dr. Hotchkiss served as a con
sultant on government agencies
prior to his Stanford appoint
ment. At one time he was on Her
bert Hoover's staff when the for
; mer President was Secretary of
Commerce. He also was presi
dent of Armour Institute of Tech
nology, and taught at Carnegie
Institute of Technology, the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania, the Uni
versity of California and New
York University.
Dr. Hotchkiss was a resident of
the University Club of San Fran-
I cisco.
Dr. Willard Eugene Hotchkiss,
dean of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business from 1925 to
1932, died Thursday from injuries
received in an automobile acci
dent in Salinas. He was 82 years
old.
Dr. Hotchkiss served as a con
sultant on government agencies
prior to his Stanford appoint
ment. At one time he was on Her
bert Hoover's staff when the for
; mer President was Secretary of
Commerce. He also was presi
dent of Armour Institute of Tech
nology, and taught at Carnegie
Institute of Technology, the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania, the Uni
versity of California and New
York University.
Dr. Hotchkiss was a resident of
the University Club of San Fran-
I cisco.
