# State Has Too Many Elected Officers, Conference Decides
## 
### 
California should have fewer
elective officers than it does at
present, a majority of 55 leading
legislators, government execu
tives, newspapermen, agricultur
ists, labor leaders and educators
agreed during a three-day conven
tion at Stanford Sept. 13-16.
Among those present at the
California Conference on State
Government were Atty. Gen. Ed
mund G. Brown and State Con
troller Robert C. Kirkwood. Stan
ford law professor John R. Me-
Donough Jr. was general chair- j
man of the conference and co-1
chairmen were Dean Carl B.'
Spaeth of Stanford School of Law
and Professor Robert A. Walker
of the political science depart
ment.
Roundtable leaders were Presi
dent Wallace Sterling of Stanford,
President Arthur P. Coons of Oc
cidental and Chancellor Clark
eKrr of the University of Califor
nia.
Most conference participants
believed the governor, lieutenant
governor and attorney general
should remain elective officers
but thought the state treasurer,
secretary of state, Board of
Equalization,, superintendent of
public instruction and controller
should not be elective.
Greater representation in the
Senate should be given to more
populous areas, but a system

based solely on population would
be inequitable, a majority felt.
While most conferees thought
stronger parties would create a
risk of party bossism, they fa
vored abolition of the present
cross-filing system.
The conference, which had the
personal endorsement of Presi
dent Eisenhower, was sponsored
jointly by Stanford and the Amer
ican Assembly of Columbia Uni
versity, a group established by
Eisenhower while he was presi
dent of Columbia.
California should have fewer
elective officers than it does at
present, a majority of 55 leading
legislators, government execu
tives, newspapermen, agricultur
ists, labor leaders and educators
agreed during a three-day conven
tion at Stanford Sept. 13-16.
Among those present at the
California Conference on State
Government were Atty. Gen. Ed
mund G. Brown and State Con
troller Robert C. Kirkwood. Stan
ford law professor John R. Me-
Donough Jr. was general chair- j
man of the conference and co-1
chairmen were Dean Carl B.'
Spaeth of Stanford School of Law
and Professor Robert A. Walker
of the political science depart
ment.
Roundtable leaders were Presi
dent Wallace Sterling of Stanford,
President Arthur P. Coons of Oc
cidental and Chancellor Clark
eKrr of the University of Califor
nia.
Most conference participants
believed the governor, lieutenant
governor and attorney general
should remain elective officers
but thought the state treasurer,
secretary of state, Board of
Equalization,, superintendent of
public instruction and controller
should not be elective.
Greater representation in the
Senate should be given to more
populous areas, but a system

based solely on population would
be inequitable, a majority felt.
While most conferees thought
stronger parties would create a
risk of party bossism, they fa
vored abolition of the present
cross-filing system.
The conference, which had the
personal endorsement of Presi
dent Eisenhower, was sponsored
jointly by Stanford and the Amer
ican Assembly of Columbia Uni
versity, a group established by
Eisenhower while he was presi
dent of Columbia.
California should have fewer
elective officers than it does at
present, a majority of 55 leading
legislators, government execu
tives, newspapermen, agricultur
ists, labor leaders and educators
agreed during a three-day conven
tion at Stanford Sept. 13-16.
Among those present at the
California Conference on State
Government were Atty. Gen. Ed
mund G. Brown and State Con
troller Robert C. Kirkwood. Stan
ford law professor John R. Me-
Donough Jr. was general chair- j
man of the conference and co-1
chairmen were Dean Carl B.'
Spaeth of Stanford School of Law
and Professor Robert A. Walker
of the political science depart
ment.
Roundtable leaders were Presi
dent Wallace Sterling of Stanford,
President Arthur P. Coons of Oc
cidental and Chancellor Clark
eKrr of the University of Califor
nia.
Most conference participants
believed the governor, lieutenant
governor and attorney general
should remain elective officers
but thought the state treasurer,
secretary of state, Board of
Equalization,, superintendent of
public instruction and controller
should not be elective.
Greater representation in the
Senate should be given to more
populous areas, but a system

based solely on population would
be inequitable, a majority felt.
While most conferees thought
stronger parties would create a
risk of party bossism, they fa
vored abolition of the present
cross-filing system.
The conference, which had the
personal endorsement of Presi
dent Eisenhower, was sponsored
jointly by Stanford and the Amer
ican Assembly of Columbia Uni
versity, a group established by
Eisenhower while he was presi
dent of Columbia.
California should have fewer
elective officers than it does at
present, a majority of 55 leading
legislators, government execu
tives, newspapermen, agricultur
ists, labor leaders and educators
agreed during a three-day conven
tion at Stanford Sept. 13-16.
Among those present at the
California Conference on State
Government were Atty. Gen. Ed
mund G. Brown and State Con
troller Robert C. Kirkwood. Stan
ford law professor John R. Me-
Donough Jr. was general chair- j
man of the conference and co-1
chairmen were Dean Carl B.'
Spaeth of Stanford School of Law
and Professor Robert A. Walker
of the political science depart
ment.
Roundtable leaders were Presi
dent Wallace Sterling of Stanford,
President Arthur P. Coons of Oc
cidental and Chancellor Clark
eKrr of the University of Califor
nia.
Most conference participants
believed the governor, lieutenant
governor and attorney general
should remain elective officers
but thought the state treasurer,
secretary of state, Board of
Equalization,, superintendent of
public instruction and controller
should not be elective.
Greater representation in the
Senate should be given to more
populous areas, but a system

based solely on population would
be inequitable, a majority felt.
While most conferees thought
stronger parties would create a
risk of party bossism, they fa
vored abolition of the present
cross-filing system.
The conference, which had the
personal endorsement of Presi
dent Eisenhower, was sponsored
jointly by Stanford and the Amer
ican Assembly of Columbia Uni
versity, a group established by
Eisenhower while he was presi
dent of Columbia.
California should have fewer
elective officers than it does at
present, a majority of 55 leading
legislators, government execu
tives, newspapermen, agricultur
ists, labor leaders and educators
agreed during a three-day conven
tion at Stanford Sept. 13-16.
Among those present at the
California Conference on State
Government were Atty. Gen. Ed
mund G. Brown and State Con
troller Robert C. Kirkwood. Stan
ford law professor John R. Me-
Donough Jr. was general chair- j
man of the conference and co-1
chairmen were Dean Carl B.'
Spaeth of Stanford School of Law
and Professor Robert A. Walker
of the political science depart
ment.
Roundtable leaders were Presi
dent Wallace Sterling of Stanford,
President Arthur P. Coons of Oc
cidental and Chancellor Clark
eKrr of the University of Califor
nia.
Most conference participants
believed the governor, lieutenant
governor and attorney general
should remain elective officers
but thought the state treasurer,
secretary of state, Board of
Equalization,, superintendent of
public instruction and controller
should not be elective.
Greater representation in the
Senate should be given to more
populous areas, but a system

based solely on population would
be inequitable, a majority felt.
While most conferees thought
stronger parties would create a
risk of party bossism, they fa
vored abolition of the present
cross-filing system.
The conference, which had the
personal endorsement of Presi
dent Eisenhower, was sponsored
jointly by Stanford and the Amer
ican Assembly of Columbia Uni
versity, a group established by
Eisenhower while he was presi
dent of Columbia.
California should have fewer
elective officers than it does at
present, a majority of 55 leading
legislators, government execu
tives, newspapermen, agricultur
ists, labor leaders and educators
agreed during a three-day conven
tion at Stanford Sept. 13-16.
Among those present at the
California Conference on State
Government were Atty. Gen. Ed
mund G. Brown and State Con
troller Robert C. Kirkwood. Stan
ford law professor John R. Me-
Donough Jr. was general chair- j
man of the conference and co-1
chairmen were Dean Carl B.'
Spaeth of Stanford School of Law
and Professor Robert A. Walker
of the political science depart
ment.
Roundtable leaders were Presi
dent Wallace Sterling of Stanford,
President Arthur P. Coons of Oc
cidental and Chancellor Clark
eKrr of the University of Califor
nia.
Most conference participants
believed the governor, lieutenant
governor and attorney general
should remain elective officers
but thought the state treasurer,
secretary of state, Board of
Equalization,, superintendent of
public instruction and controller
should not be elective.
Greater representation in the
Senate should be given to more
populous areas, but a system

based solely on population would
be inequitable, a majority felt.
While most conferees thought
stronger parties would create a
risk of party bossism, they fa
vored abolition of the present
cross-filing system.
The conference, which had the
personal endorsement of Presi
dent Eisenhower, was sponsored
jointly by Stanford and the Amer
ican Assembly of Columbia Uni
versity, a group established by
Eisenhower while he was presi
dent of Columbia.
California should have fewer
elective officers than it does at
present, a majority of 55 leading
legislators, government execu
tives, newspapermen, agricultur
ists, labor leaders and educators
agreed during a three-day conven
tion at Stanford Sept. 13-16.
Among those present at the
California Conference on State
Government were Atty. Gen. Ed
mund G. Brown and State Con
troller Robert C. Kirkwood. Stan
ford law professor John R. Me-
Donough Jr. was general chair- j
man of the conference and co-1
chairmen were Dean Carl B.'
Spaeth of Stanford School of Law
and Professor Robert A. Walker
of the political science depart
ment.
Roundtable leaders were Presi
dent Wallace Sterling of Stanford,
President Arthur P. Coons of Oc
cidental and Chancellor Clark
eKrr of the University of Califor
nia.
Most conference participants
believed the governor, lieutenant
governor and attorney general
should remain elective officers
but thought the state treasurer,
secretary of state, Board of
Equalization,, superintendent of
public instruction and controller
should not be elective.
Greater representation in the
Senate should be given to more
populous areas, but a system

based solely on population would
be inequitable, a majority felt.
While most conferees thought
stronger parties would create a
risk of party bossism, they fa
vored abolition of the present
cross-filing system.
The conference, which had the
personal endorsement of Presi
dent Eisenhower, was sponsored
jointly by Stanford and the Amer
ican Assembly of Columbia Uni
versity, a group established by
Eisenhower while he was presi
dent of Columbia.
California should have fewer
elective officers than it does at
present, a majority of 55 leading
legislators, government execu
tives, newspapermen, agricultur
ists, labor leaders and educators
agreed during a three-day conven
tion at Stanford Sept. 13-16.
Among those present at the
California Conference on State
Government were Atty. Gen. Ed
mund G. Brown and State Con
troller Robert C. Kirkwood. Stan
ford law professor John R. Me-
Donough Jr. was general chair- j
man of the conference and co-1
chairmen were Dean Carl B.'
Spaeth of Stanford School of Law
and Professor Robert A. Walker
of the political science depart
ment.
Roundtable leaders were Presi
dent Wallace Sterling of Stanford,
President Arthur P. Coons of Oc
cidental and Chancellor Clark
eKrr of the University of Califor
nia.
Most conference participants
believed the governor, lieutenant
governor and attorney general
should remain elective officers
but thought the state treasurer,
secretary of state, Board of
Equalization,, superintendent of
public instruction and controller
should not be elective.
Greater representation in the
Senate should be given to more
populous areas, but a system

based solely on population would
be inequitable, a majority felt.
While most conferees thought
stronger parties would create a
risk of party bossism, they fa
vored abolition of the present
cross-filing system.
The conference, which had the
personal endorsement of Presi
dent Eisenhower, was sponsored
jointly by Stanford and the Amer
ican Assembly of Columbia Uni
versity, a group established by
Eisenhower while he was presi
dent of Columbia.
California should have fewer
elective officers than it does at
present, a majority of 55 leading
legislators, government execu
tives, newspapermen, agricultur
ists, labor leaders and educators
agreed during a three-day conven
tion at Stanford Sept. 13-16.
Among those present at the
California Conference on State
Government were Atty. Gen. Ed
mund G. Brown and State Con
troller Robert C. Kirkwood. Stan
ford law professor John R. Me-
Donough Jr. was general chair- j
man of the conference and co-1
chairmen were Dean Carl B.'
Spaeth of Stanford School of Law
and Professor Robert A. Walker
of the political science depart
ment.
Roundtable leaders were Presi
dent Wallace Sterling of Stanford,
President Arthur P. Coons of Oc
cidental and Chancellor Clark
eKrr of the University of Califor
nia.
Most conference participants
believed the governor, lieutenant
governor and attorney general
should remain elective officers
but thought the state treasurer,
secretary of state, Board of
Equalization,, superintendent of
public instruction and controller
should not be elective.
Greater representation in the
Senate should be given to more
populous areas, but a system

based solely on population would
be inequitable, a majority felt.
While most conferees thought
stronger parties would create a
risk of party bossism, they fa
vored abolition of the present
cross-filing system.
The conference, which had the
personal endorsement of Presi
dent Eisenhower, was sponsored
jointly by Stanford and the Amer
ican Assembly of Columbia Uni
versity, a group established by
Eisenhower while he was presi
dent of Columbia.
California should have fewer
elective officers than it does at
present, a majority of 55 leading
legislators, government execu
tives, newspapermen, agricultur
ists, labor leaders and educators
agreed during a three-day conven
tion at Stanford Sept. 13-16.
Among those present at the
California Conference on State
Government were Atty. Gen. Ed
mund G. Brown and State Con
troller Robert C. Kirkwood. Stan
ford law professor John R. Me-
Donough Jr. was general chair- j
man of the conference and co-1
chairmen were Dean Carl B.'
Spaeth of Stanford School of Law
and Professor Robert A. Walker
of the political science depart
ment.
Roundtable leaders were Presi
dent Wallace Sterling of Stanford,
President Arthur P. Coons of Oc
cidental and Chancellor Clark
eKrr of the University of Califor
nia.
Most conference participants
believed the governor, lieutenant
governor and attorney general
should remain elective officers
but thought the state treasurer,
secretary of state, Board of
Equalization,, superintendent of
public instruction and controller
should not be elective.
Greater representation in the
Senate should be given to more
populous areas, but a system

based solely on population would
be inequitable, a majority felt.
While most conferees thought
stronger parties would create a
risk of party bossism, they fa
vored abolition of the present
cross-filing system.
The conference, which had the
personal endorsement of Presi
dent Eisenhower, was sponsored
jointly by Stanford and the Amer
ican Assembly of Columbia Uni
versity, a group established by
Eisenhower while he was presi
dent of Columbia.
California should have fewer
elective officers than it does at
present, a majority of 55 leading
legislators, government execu
tives, newspapermen, agricultur
ists, labor leaders and educators
agreed during a three-day conven
tion at Stanford Sept. 13-16.
Among those present at the
California Conference on State
Government were Atty. Gen. Ed
mund G. Brown and State Con
troller Robert C. Kirkwood. Stan
ford law professor John R. Me-
Donough Jr. was general chair- j
man of the conference and co-1
chairmen were Dean Carl B.'
Spaeth of Stanford School of Law
and Professor Robert A. Walker
of the political science depart
ment.
Roundtable leaders were Presi
dent Wallace Sterling of Stanford,
President Arthur P. Coons of Oc
cidental and Chancellor Clark
eKrr of the University of Califor
nia.
Most conference participants
believed the governor, lieutenant
governor and attorney general
should remain elective officers
but thought the state treasurer,
secretary of state, Board of
Equalization,, superintendent of
public instruction and controller
should not be elective.
Greater representation in the
Senate should be given to more
populous areas, but a system

based solely on population would
be inequitable, a majority felt.
While most conferees thought
stronger parties would create a
risk of party bossism, they fa
vored abolition of the present
cross-filing system.
The conference, which had the
personal endorsement of Presi
dent Eisenhower, was sponsored
jointly by Stanford and the Amer
ican Assembly of Columbia Uni
versity, a group established by
Eisenhower while he was presi
dent of Columbia.
California should have fewer
elective officers than it does at
present, a majority of 55 leading
legislators, government execu
tives, newspapermen, agricultur
ists, labor leaders and educators
agreed during a three-day conven
tion at Stanford Sept. 13-16.
Among those present at the
California Conference on State
Government were Atty. Gen. Ed
mund G. Brown and State Con
troller Robert C. Kirkwood. Stan
ford law professor John R. Me-
Donough Jr. was general chair- j
man of the conference and co-1
chairmen were Dean Carl B.'
Spaeth of Stanford School of Law
and Professor Robert A. Walker
of the political science depart
ment.
Roundtable leaders were Presi
dent Wallace Sterling of Stanford,
President Arthur P. Coons of Oc
cidental and Chancellor Clark
eKrr of the University of Califor
nia.
Most conference participants
believed the governor, lieutenant
governor and attorney general
should remain elective officers
but thought the state treasurer,
secretary of state, Board of
Equalization,, superintendent of
public instruction and controller
should not be elective.
Greater representation in the
Senate should be given to more
populous areas, but a system

based solely on population would
be inequitable, a majority felt.
While most conferees thought
stronger parties would create a
risk of party bossism, they fa
vored abolition of the present
cross-filing system.
The conference, which had the
personal endorsement of Presi
dent Eisenhower, was sponsored
jointly by Stanford and the Amer
ican Assembly of Columbia Uni
versity, a group established by
Eisenhower while he was presi
dent of Columbia.
California should have fewer
elective officers than it does at
present, a majority of 55 leading
legislators, government execu
tives, newspapermen, agricultur
ists, labor leaders and educators
agreed during a three-day conven
tion at Stanford Sept. 13-16.
Among those present at the
California Conference on State
Government were Atty. Gen. Ed
mund G. Brown and State Con
troller Robert C. Kirkwood. Stan
ford law professor John R. Me-
Donough Jr. was general chair- j
man of the conference and co-1
chairmen were Dean Carl B.'
Spaeth of Stanford School of Law
and Professor Robert A. Walker
of the political science depart
ment.
Roundtable leaders were Presi
dent Wallace Sterling of Stanford,
President Arthur P. Coons of Oc
cidental and Chancellor Clark
eKrr of the University of Califor
nia.
Most conference participants
believed the governor, lieutenant
governor and attorney general
should remain elective officers
but thought the state treasurer,
secretary of state, Board of
Equalization,, superintendent of
public instruction and controller
should not be elective.
Greater representation in the
Senate should be given to more
populous areas, but a system

based solely on population would
be inequitable, a majority felt.
While most conferees thought
stronger parties would create a
risk of party bossism, they fa
vored abolition of the present
cross-filing system.
The conference, which had the
personal endorsement of Presi
dent Eisenhower, was sponsored
jointly by Stanford and the Amer
ican Assembly of Columbia Uni
versity, a group established by
Eisenhower while he was presi
dent of Columbia.
California should have fewer
elective officers than it does at
present, a majority of 55 leading
legislators, government execu
tives, newspapermen, agricultur
ists, labor leaders and educators
agreed during a three-day conven
tion at Stanford Sept. 13-16.
Among those present at the
California Conference on State
Government were Atty. Gen. Ed
mund G. Brown and State Con
troller Robert C. Kirkwood. Stan
ford law professor John R. Me-
Donough Jr. was general chair- j
man of the conference and co-1
chairmen were Dean Carl B.'
Spaeth of Stanford School of Law
and Professor Robert A. Walker
of the political science depart
ment.
Roundtable leaders were Presi
dent Wallace Sterling of Stanford,
President Arthur P. Coons of Oc
cidental and Chancellor Clark
eKrr of the University of Califor
nia.
Most conference participants
believed the governor, lieutenant
governor and attorney general
should remain elective officers
but thought the state treasurer,
secretary of state, Board of
Equalization,, superintendent of
public instruction and controller
should not be elective.
Greater representation in the
Senate should be given to more
populous areas, but a system

based solely on population would
be inequitable, a majority felt.
While most conferees thought
stronger parties would create a
risk of party bossism, they fa
vored abolition of the present
cross-filing system.
The conference, which had the
personal endorsement of Presi
dent Eisenhower, was sponsored
jointly by Stanford and the Amer
ican Assembly of Columbia Uni
versity, a group established by
Eisenhower while he was presi
dent of Columbia.
California should have fewer
elective officers than it does at
present, a majority of 55 leading
legislators, government execu
tives, newspapermen, agricultur
ists, labor leaders and educators
agreed during a three-day conven
tion at Stanford Sept. 13-16.
Among those present at the
California Conference on State
Government were Atty. Gen. Ed
mund G. Brown and State Con
troller Robert C. Kirkwood. Stan
ford law professor John R. Me-
Donough Jr. was general chair- j
man of the conference and co-1
chairmen were Dean Carl B.'
Spaeth of Stanford School of Law
and Professor Robert A. Walker
of the political science depart
ment.
Roundtable leaders were Presi
dent Wallace Sterling of Stanford,
President Arthur P. Coons of Oc
cidental and Chancellor Clark
eKrr of the University of Califor
nia.
Most conference participants
believed the governor, lieutenant
governor and attorney general
should remain elective officers
but thought the state treasurer,
secretary of state, Board of
Equalization,, superintendent of
public instruction and controller
should not be elective.
Greater representation in the
Senate should be given to more
populous areas, but a system

based solely on population would
be inequitable, a majority felt.
While most conferees thought
stronger parties would create a
risk of party bossism, they fa
vored abolition of the present
cross-filing system.
The conference, which had the
personal endorsement of Presi
dent Eisenhower, was sponsored
jointly by Stanford and the Amer
ican Assembly of Columbia Uni
versity, a group established by
Eisenhower while he was presi
dent of Columbia.
