# Library Features Binding Display
## 
### 
Two exhibits, "Authors as Illus
trators" and "Les Architects du
Livre," are now on display at the
Library.
An official opening is planned
Saturday for "Les Architectes du
Livre," an exhibit of 35 contem
porary French masterpieces of
bookbinding.
"Authors as Ilustrators" is in
the foyer at the top of the main
stairs. Both exhibits will remain
until Oct. 20.
"Les Architectes du Livre" dis
plays a myriad of colors in inlaid
leather. Each is the binder's in
terpretation of the literary work
it enfolds.
This is the first exhibition in
the United States emphasizing the
work of the nine leading contem
porary binders of Paris, consid
ered the world center of the bind
ing art. Included is the work of
such noted artists as Paul Bonet,
Rose Adler and Henri Creuze
vault.
