# Sequoia Magazine Plans Open House
## 
### 
A corner of the Nitery is the
new temporary location of the Se
quoia, Stanford's literary maga
zine. Interested students have
been invited to attend open house
there this week.
Positions are open on the busi
ness and editorial staffs, accord
ing to Don Shoup, editor. The of
fice can be reached at the Concert
Series office by phoning DA
3-3870.
A corner of the Nitery is the
new temporary location of the Se
quoia, Stanford's literary maga
zine. Interested students have
been invited to attend open house
there this week.
Positions are open on the busi
ness and editorial staffs, accord
ing to Don Shoup, editor. The of
fice can be reached at the Concert
Series office by phoning DA
3-3870.
A corner of the Nitery is the
new temporary location of the Se
quoia, Stanford's literary maga
zine. Interested students have
been invited to attend open house
there this week.
Positions are open on the busi
ness and editorial staffs, accord
ing to Don Shoup, editor. The of
fice can be reached at the Concert
Series office by phoning DA
3-3870.
A corner of the Nitery is the
new temporary location of the Se
quoia, Stanford's literary maga
zine. Interested students have
been invited to attend open house
there this week.
Positions are open on the busi
ness and editorial staffs, accord
ing to Don Shoup, editor. The of
fice can be reached at the Concert
Series office by phoning DA
3-3870.
A corner of the Nitery is the
new temporary location of the Se
quoia, Stanford's literary maga
zine. Interested students have
been invited to attend open house
there this week.
Positions are open on the busi
ness and editorial staffs, accord
ing to Don Shoup, editor. The of
fice can be reached at the Concert
Series office by phoning DA
3-3870.
A corner of the Nitery is the
new temporary location of the Se
quoia, Stanford's literary maga
zine. Interested students have
been invited to attend open house
there this week.
Positions are open on the busi
ness and editorial staffs, accord
ing to Don Shoup, editor. The of
fice can be reached at the Concert
Series office by phoning DA
3-3870.
A corner of the Nitery is the
new temporary location of the Se
quoia, Stanford's literary maga
zine. Interested students have
been invited to attend open house
there this week.
Positions are open on the busi
ness and editorial staffs, accord
ing to Don Shoup, editor. The of
fice can be reached at the Concert
Series office by phoning DA
3-3870.
A corner of the Nitery is the
new temporary location of the Se
quoia, Stanford's literary maga
zine. Interested students have
been invited to attend open house
there this week.
Positions are open on the busi
ness and editorial staffs, accord
ing to Don Shoup, editor. The of
fice can be reached at the Concert
Series office by phoning DA
3-3870.
A corner of the Nitery is the
new temporary location of the Se
quoia, Stanford's literary maga
zine. Interested students have
been invited to attend open house
there this week.
Positions are open on the busi
ness and editorial staffs, accord
ing to Don Shoup, editor. The of
fice can be reached at the Concert
Series office by phoning DA
3-3870.
A corner of the Nitery is the
new temporary location of the Se
quoia, Stanford's literary maga
zine. Interested students have
been invited to attend open house
there this week.
Positions are open on the busi
ness and editorial staffs, accord
ing to Don Shoup, editor. The of
fice can be reached at the Concert
Series office by phoning DA
3-3870.
A corner of the Nitery is the
new temporary location of the Se
quoia, Stanford's literary maga
zine. Interested students have
been invited to attend open house
there this week.
Positions are open on the busi
ness and editorial staffs, accord
ing to Don Shoup, editor. The of
fice can be reached at the Concert
Series office by phoning DA
3-3870.
A corner of the Nitery is the
new temporary location of the Se
quoia, Stanford's literary maga
zine. Interested students have
been invited to attend open house
there this week.
Positions are open on the busi
ness and editorial staffs, accord
ing to Don Shoup, editor. The of
fice can be reached at the Concert
Series office by phoning DA
3-3870.
A corner of the Nitery is the
new temporary location of the Se
quoia, Stanford's literary maga
zine. Interested students have
been invited to attend open house
there this week.
Positions are open on the busi
ness and editorial staffs, accord
ing to Don Shoup, editor. The of
fice can be reached at the Concert
Series office by phoning DA
3-3870.
A corner of the Nitery is the
new temporary location of the Se
quoia, Stanford's literary maga
zine. Interested students have
been invited to attend open house
there this week.
Positions are open on the busi
ness and editorial staffs, accord
ing to Don Shoup, editor. The of
fice can be reached at the Concert
Series office by phoning DA
3-3870.
A corner of the Nitery is the
new temporary location of the Se
quoia, Stanford's literary maga
zine. Interested students have
been invited to attend open house
there this week.
Positions are open on the busi
ness and editorial staffs, accord
ing to Don Shoup, editor. The of
fice can be reached at the Concert
Series office by phoning DA
3-3870.
