# Stanford Water Supply in Danger.
## 
### 
According to Dr. J. C. Branner,
the water supply of Stanford will
be seriously affected by the new

wells which the Spring Valley
Water Company are boring at the
edge of the bay, two miles from
Palo Alto. The citizens of Palo
Alto, Mayfield, Mountain View,
and Menlo, who are also in danger
of losing their only water supply,
will get out an injunction restrain
ing the corporation from boring
new wells, and from using the
water from those already bored.
Dr. Branner has been retained as
expert.
The Palo Alto Board of Trade
committee has exchanged ideas and
information on the subject with
Judge S. F. Leib, President of the
University Board of Trustees, and
it is probable that the board will
take action at their meeting Fri
day.
According to Dr. J. C. Branner,
the water supply of Stanford will
be seriously affected by the new

wells which the Spring Valley
Water Company are boring at the
edge of the bay, two miles from
Palo Alto. The citizens of Palo
Alto, Mayfield, Mountain View,
and Menlo, who are also in danger
of losing their only water supply,
will get out an injunction restrain
ing the corporation from boring
new wells, and from using the
water from those already bored.
Dr. Branner has been retained as
expert.
The Palo Alto Board of Trade
committee has exchanged ideas and
information on the subject with
Judge S. F. Leib, President of the
University Board of Trustees, and
it is probable that the board will
take action at their meeting Fri
day.
According to Dr. J. C. Branner,
the water supply of Stanford will
be seriously affected by the new

wells which the Spring Valley
Water Company are boring at the
edge of the bay, two miles from
Palo Alto. The citizens of Palo
Alto, Mayfield, Mountain View,
and Menlo, who are also in danger
of losing their only water supply,
will get out an injunction restrain
ing the corporation from boring
new wells, and from using the
water from those already bored.
Dr. Branner has been retained as
expert.
The Palo Alto Board of Trade
committee has exchanged ideas and
information on the subject with
Judge S. F. Leib, President of the
University Board of Trustees, and
it is probable that the board will
take action at their meeting Fri
day.
According to Dr. J. C. Branner,
the water supply of Stanford will
be seriously affected by the new

wells which the Spring Valley
Water Company are boring at the
edge of the bay, two miles from
Palo Alto. The citizens of Palo
Alto, Mayfield, Mountain View,
and Menlo, who are also in danger
of losing their only water supply,
will get out an injunction restrain
ing the corporation from boring
new wells, and from using the
water from those already bored.
Dr. Branner has been retained as
expert.
The Palo Alto Board of Trade
committee has exchanged ideas and
information on the subject with
Judge S. F. Leib, President of the
University Board of Trustees, and
it is probable that the board will
take action at their meeting Fri
day.
According to Dr. J. C. Branner,
the water supply of Stanford will
be seriously affected by the new

wells which the Spring Valley
Water Company are boring at the
edge of the bay, two miles from
Palo Alto. The citizens of Palo
Alto, Mayfield, Mountain View,
and Menlo, who are also in danger
of losing their only water supply,
will get out an injunction restrain
ing the corporation from boring
new wells, and from using the
water from those already bored.
Dr. Branner has been retained as
expert.
The Palo Alto Board of Trade
committee has exchanged ideas and
information on the subject with
Judge S. F. Leib, President of the
University Board of Trustees, and
it is probable that the board will
take action at their meeting Fri
day.
According to Dr. J. C. Branner,
the water supply of Stanford will
be seriously affected by the new

wells which the Spring Valley
Water Company are boring at the
edge of the bay, two miles from
Palo Alto. The citizens of Palo
Alto, Mayfield, Mountain View,
and Menlo, who are also in danger
of losing their only water supply,
will get out an injunction restrain
ing the corporation from boring
new wells, and from using the
water from those already bored.
Dr. Branner has been retained as
expert.
The Palo Alto Board of Trade
committee has exchanged ideas and
information on the subject with
Judge S. F. Leib, President of the
University Board of Trustees, and
it is probable that the board will
take action at their meeting Fri
day.
According to Dr. J. C. Branner,
the water supply of Stanford will
be seriously affected by the new

wells which the Spring Valley
Water Company are boring at the
edge of the bay, two miles from
Palo Alto. The citizens of Palo
Alto, Mayfield, Mountain View,
and Menlo, who are also in danger
of losing their only water supply,
will get out an injunction restrain
ing the corporation from boring
new wells, and from using the
water from those already bored.
Dr. Branner has been retained as
expert.
The Palo Alto Board of Trade
committee has exchanged ideas and
information on the subject with
Judge S. F. Leib, President of the
University Board of Trustees, and
it is probable that the board will
take action at their meeting Fri
day.
According to Dr. J. C. Branner,
the water supply of Stanford will
be seriously affected by the new

wells which the Spring Valley
Water Company are boring at the
edge of the bay, two miles from
Palo Alto. The citizens of Palo
Alto, Mayfield, Mountain View,
and Menlo, who are also in danger
of losing their only water supply,
will get out an injunction restrain
ing the corporation from boring
new wells, and from using the
water from those already bored.
Dr. Branner has been retained as
expert.
The Palo Alto Board of Trade
committee has exchanged ideas and
information on the subject with
Judge S. F. Leib, President of the
University Board of Trustees, and
it is probable that the board will
take action at their meeting Fri
day.
According to Dr. J. C. Branner,
the water supply of Stanford will
be seriously affected by the new

wells which the Spring Valley
Water Company are boring at the
edge of the bay, two miles from
Palo Alto. The citizens of Palo
Alto, Mayfield, Mountain View,
and Menlo, who are also in danger
of losing their only water supply,
will get out an injunction restrain
ing the corporation from boring
new wells, and from using the
water from those already bored.
Dr. Branner has been retained as
expert.
The Palo Alto Board of Trade
committee has exchanged ideas and
information on the subject with
Judge S. F. Leib, President of the
University Board of Trustees, and
it is probable that the board will
take action at their meeting Fri
day.
