# Oregonians to Play California.
## 
### 
The football team of the Oregon
Agricultural College left Cor
vallis, Oregon, last night for Berk
eley, where they play the Univer
sity of California. Under Coach
Steckle a fast and well developed
team has been turned out, and is
full of confidence of giving Cali
fornia a hard game.
The football team of the Oregon
Agricultural College left Cor
vallis, Oregon, last night for Berk
eley, where they play the Univer
sity of California. Under Coach
Steckle a fast and well developed
team has been turned out, and is
full of confidence of giving Cali
fornia a hard game.
The football team of the Oregon
Agricultural College left Cor
vallis, Oregon, last night for Berk
eley, where they play the Univer
sity of California. Under Coach
Steckle a fast and well developed
team has been turned out, and is
full of confidence of giving Cali
fornia a hard game.
The football team of the Oregon
Agricultural College left Cor
vallis, Oregon, last night for Berk
eley, where they play the Univer
sity of California. Under Coach
Steckle a fast and well developed
team has been turned out, and is
full of confidence of giving Cali
fornia a hard game.
The football team of the Oregon
Agricultural College left Cor
vallis, Oregon, last night for Berk
eley, where they play the Univer
sity of California. Under Coach
Steckle a fast and well developed
team has been turned out, and is
full of confidence of giving Cali
fornia a hard game.
The football team of the Oregon
Agricultural College left Cor
vallis, Oregon, last night for Berk
eley, where they play the Univer
sity of California. Under Coach
Steckle a fast and well developed
team has been turned out, and is
full of confidence of giving Cali
fornia a hard game.
The football team of the Oregon
Agricultural College left Cor
vallis, Oregon, last night for Berk
eley, where they play the Univer
sity of California. Under Coach
Steckle a fast and well developed
team has been turned out, and is
full of confidence of giving Cali
fornia a hard game.
The football team of the Oregon
Agricultural College left Cor
vallis, Oregon, last night for Berk
eley, where they play the Univer
sity of California. Under Coach
Steckle a fast and well developed
team has been turned out, and is
full of confidence of giving Cali
fornia a hard game.
The football team of the Oregon
Agricultural College left Cor
vallis, Oregon, last night for Berk
eley, where they play the Univer
sity of California. Under Coach
Steckle a fast and well developed
team has been turned out, and is
full of confidence of giving Cali
fornia a hard game.
