# CAMPUS FOOTBALL SATURDAY.
## Thomas Makes Arrangements for Second Team. 
### 
The Executive Committee author
ized M. A. Thomas, '04, who is act
ing student body treasurer in Bar
rett's absence, to make arrange
ments for a football game next Sat
urday between the second team and
some outside eleven. The Santa
Clara eleven have been telephoned
to, but they will be unable to give
their answer until late to-night.

Representatives of the basket-ball
players came before the Executive
Committee and announced that
they were endeavoring to obtain a
coach, and had two men under con
sideration, but had not definitely
determined on anyone. They also
informed the committee that it was
very diflicult to secure a person
who was both willing and qualified
to accept the position. The basket
ball matter was laid on the table
by the committee and will probably
be considered at the next meeting.
The Executive Committee author
ized M. A. Thomas, '04, who is act
ing student body treasurer in Bar
rett's absence, to make arrange
ments for a football game next Sat
urday between the second team and
some outside eleven. The Santa
Clara eleven have been telephoned
to, but they will be unable to give
their answer until late to-night.

Representatives of the basket-ball
players came before the Executive
Committee and announced that
they were endeavoring to obtain a
coach, and had two men under con
sideration, but had not definitely
determined on anyone. They also
informed the committee that it was
very diflicult to secure a person
who was both willing and qualified
to accept the position. The basket
ball matter was laid on the table
by the committee and will probably
be considered at the next meeting.
The Executive Committee author
ized M. A. Thomas, '04, who is act
ing student body treasurer in Bar
rett's absence, to make arrange
ments for a football game next Sat
urday between the second team and
some outside eleven. The Santa
Clara eleven have been telephoned
to, but they will be unable to give
their answer until late to-night.

Representatives of the basket-ball
players came before the Executive
Committee and announced that
they were endeavoring to obtain a
coach, and had two men under con
sideration, but had not definitely
determined on anyone. They also
informed the committee that it was
very diflicult to secure a person
who was both willing and qualified
to accept the position. The basket
ball matter was laid on the table
by the committee and will probably
be considered at the next meeting.
The Executive Committee author
ized M. A. Thomas, '04, who is act
ing student body treasurer in Bar
rett's absence, to make arrange
ments for a football game next Sat
urday between the second team and
some outside eleven. The Santa
Clara eleven have been telephoned
to, but they will be unable to give
their answer until late to-night.

Representatives of the basket-ball
players came before the Executive
Committee and announced that
they were endeavoring to obtain a
coach, and had two men under con
sideration, but had not definitely
determined on anyone. They also
informed the committee that it was
very diflicult to secure a person
who was both willing and qualified
to accept the position. The basket
ball matter was laid on the table
by the committee and will probably
be considered at the next meeting.
The Executive Committee author
ized M. A. Thomas, '04, who is act
ing student body treasurer in Bar
rett's absence, to make arrange
ments for a football game next Sat
urday between the second team and
some outside eleven. The Santa
Clara eleven have been telephoned
to, but they will be unable to give
their answer until late to-night.

Representatives of the basket-ball
players came before the Executive
Committee and announced that
they were endeavoring to obtain a
coach, and had two men under con
sideration, but had not definitely
determined on anyone. They also
informed the committee that it was
very diflicult to secure a person
who was both willing and qualified
to accept the position. The basket
ball matter was laid on the table
by the committee and will probably
be considered at the next meeting.
The Executive Committee author
ized M. A. Thomas, '04, who is act
ing student body treasurer in Bar
rett's absence, to make arrange
ments for a football game next Sat
urday between the second team and
some outside eleven. The Santa
Clara eleven have been telephoned
to, but they will be unable to give
their answer until late to-night.

Representatives of the basket-ball
players came before the Executive
Committee and announced that
they were endeavoring to obtain a
coach, and had two men under con
sideration, but had not definitely
determined on anyone. They also
informed the committee that it was
very diflicult to secure a person
who was both willing and qualified
to accept the position. The basket
ball matter was laid on the table
by the committee and will probably
be considered at the next meeting.
The Executive Committee author
ized M. A. Thomas, '04, who is act
ing student body treasurer in Bar
rett's absence, to make arrange
ments for a football game next Sat
urday between the second team and
some outside eleven. The Santa
Clara eleven have been telephoned
to, but they will be unable to give
their answer until late to-night.

Representatives of the basket-ball
players came before the Executive
Committee and announced that
they were endeavoring to obtain a
coach, and had two men under con
sideration, but had not definitely
determined on anyone. They also
informed the committee that it was
very diflicult to secure a person
who was both willing and qualified
to accept the position. The basket
ball matter was laid on the table
by the committee and will probably
be considered at the next meeting.
The Executive Committee author
ized M. A. Thomas, '04, who is act
ing student body treasurer in Bar
rett's absence, to make arrange
ments for a football game next Sat
urday between the second team and
some outside eleven. The Santa
Clara eleven have been telephoned
to, but they will be unable to give
their answer until late to-night.

Representatives of the basket-ball
players came before the Executive
Committee and announced that
they were endeavoring to obtain a
coach, and had two men under con
sideration, but had not definitely
determined on anyone. They also
informed the committee that it was
very diflicult to secure a person
who was both willing and qualified
to accept the position. The basket
ball matter was laid on the table
by the committee and will probably
be considered at the next meeting.
The Executive Committee author
ized M. A. Thomas, '04, who is act
ing student body treasurer in Bar
rett's absence, to make arrange
ments for a football game next Sat
urday between the second team and
some outside eleven. The Santa
Clara eleven have been telephoned
to, but they will be unable to give
their answer until late to-night.

Representatives of the basket-ball
players came before the Executive
Committee and announced that
they were endeavoring to obtain a
coach, and had two men under con
sideration, but had not definitely
determined on anyone. They also
informed the committee that it was
very diflicult to secure a person
who was both willing and qualified
to accept the position. The basket
ball matter was laid on the table
by the committee and will probably
be considered at the next meeting.
