# Mosaics on Library.
## 
### 
The inlay of mosaics on the out
side of the Library building has
been begun. This work is in the
form of bordered circular plates
with the faces of noted authors,
and their names inscribed under
neath. The figures inlaid so far
are the facsimiles of Ralph Waldo
Emerson, Daniel Webster, and Sir
Isaac Newton. Other figures will
be placed on the front and the two
sides of the building.
The inlay of mosaics on the out
side of the Library building has
been begun. This work is in the
form of bordered circular plates
with the faces of noted authors,
and their names inscribed under
neath. The figures inlaid so far
are the facsimiles of Ralph Waldo
Emerson, Daniel Webster, and Sir
Isaac Newton. Other figures will
be placed on the front and the two
sides of the building.
The inlay of mosaics on the out
side of the Library building has
been begun. This work is in the
form of bordered circular plates
with the faces of noted authors,
and their names inscribed under
neath. The figures inlaid so far
are the facsimiles of Ralph Waldo
Emerson, Daniel Webster, and Sir
Isaac Newton. Other figures will
be placed on the front and the two
sides of the building.
The inlay of mosaics on the out
side of the Library building has
been begun. This work is in the
form of bordered circular plates
with the faces of noted authors,
and their names inscribed under
neath. The figures inlaid so far
are the facsimiles of Ralph Waldo
Emerson, Daniel Webster, and Sir
Isaac Newton. Other figures will
be placed on the front and the two
sides of the building.
The inlay of mosaics on the out
side of the Library building has
been begun. This work is in the
form of bordered circular plates
with the faces of noted authors,
and their names inscribed under
neath. The figures inlaid so far
are the facsimiles of Ralph Waldo
Emerson, Daniel Webster, and Sir
Isaac Newton. Other figures will
be placed on the front and the two
sides of the building.
The inlay of mosaics on the out
side of the Library building has
been begun. This work is in the
form of bordered circular plates
with the faces of noted authors,
and their names inscribed under
neath. The figures inlaid so far
are the facsimiles of Ralph Waldo
Emerson, Daniel Webster, and Sir
Isaac Newton. Other figures will
be placed on the front and the two
sides of the building.
The inlay of mosaics on the out
side of the Library building has
been begun. This work is in the
form of bordered circular plates
with the faces of noted authors,
and their names inscribed under
neath. The figures inlaid so far
are the facsimiles of Ralph Waldo
Emerson, Daniel Webster, and Sir
Isaac Newton. Other figures will
be placed on the front and the two
sides of the building.
The inlay of mosaics on the out
side of the Library building has
been begun. This work is in the
form of bordered circular plates
with the faces of noted authors,
and their names inscribed under
neath. The figures inlaid so far
are the facsimiles of Ralph Waldo
Emerson, Daniel Webster, and Sir
Isaac Newton. Other figures will
be placed on the front and the two
sides of the building.
The inlay of mosaics on the out
side of the Library building has
been begun. This work is in the
form of bordered circular plates
with the faces of noted authors,
and their names inscribed under
neath. The figures inlaid so far
are the facsimiles of Ralph Waldo
Emerson, Daniel Webster, and Sir
Isaac Newton. Other figures will
be placed on the front and the two
sides of the building.
