# Belated Valentines Paint Campus Blue
## 
### 
Valentines arrived in the campus
postoffice boxes exactly eleven (lays
late, having been delayed in deliv
ery at the Registrar's office. They
were mainly blue in color and cast a
corresponding hue o\er the campus.
Little Valentine cheer was expressed
o i their face, but a gentle reminder
of work to come, or further blue Val
entines to be received, was the mes
sage that they brought to an anxious
and expectant college world.
Upon receipt of these little gentle
reminders, it was rumored that sev
eral patriotic young gentlemen had
volunteered their services to the na
tion, concluding, through this re
minder, that they had other and
sterner work to do. Registrar Mc-
Dowell had no word to say upon the
subject, except that the Valentines
used to be known as smoke-ups.
