# Adv. 11 Page 39
## 
### 
Seek loving after school nanny
sy/o girl on campus 4-6hrs/day
homework driving activities
isegal@stanford.edu
Afterschool tutor for 6 yo boy w
mild learning issue. Must be
responsible, patient, organized
2:15-SPM, 2x/wk but flexible
Must have car w/ good records
Exp not needed. Excellent pay
email vyangmd@yahoo.com
or 650-799-7906. Mountain View
AfterSch Nanny - Portola Valley
2 kids, 3rd&6th gr, min driving,
4 days: T/Th/F 2:30-6, W noon-6
650.529.9707 or 650.269.1710
PfT Sitter/Driver in Menlo Park
3 kids: girls: 11 and 9, boy: 6
M-F 2:45 - 6:15,15 hours min,
competitive hourly wage. Must
own car, have valid CDL, ins.
after-school pick-up, homework
help, drive to sports practice
Fun, self-sufficient kids.
Looking for energetic, baby
sitter for 4 year old twins and
9 year old. 4-5 afternoons/week,
Seek loving after school nanny
sy/o girl on campus 4-6hrs/day
homework driving activities
isegal@stanford.edu
Afterschool tutor for 6 yo boy w
mild learning issue. Must be
responsible, patient, organized
2:15-SPM, 2x/wk but flexible
Must have car w/ good records
Exp not needed. Excellent pay
email vyangmd@yahoo.com
or 650-799-7906. Mountain View
AfterSch Nanny - Portola Valley
2 kids, 3rd&6th gr, min driving,
4 days: T/Th/F 2:30-6, W noon-6
650.529.9707 or 650.269.1710
PfT Sitter/Driver in Menlo Park
3 kids: girls: 11 and 9, boy: 6
M-F 2:45 - 6:15,15 hours min,
competitive hourly wage. Must
own car, have valid CDL, ins.
after-school pick-up, homework
help, drive to sports practice
Fun, self-sufficient kids.
Looking for energetic, baby
sitter for 4 year old twins and
9 year old. 4-5 afternoons/week,
Seek loving after school nanny
sy/o girl on campus 4-6hrs/day
homework driving activities
isegal@stanford.edu
Afterschool tutor for 6 yo boy w
mild learning issue. Must be
responsible, patient, organized
2:15-SPM, 2x/wk but flexible
Must have car w/ good records
Exp not needed. Excellent pay
email vyangmd@yahoo.com
or 650-799-7906. Mountain View
AfterSch Nanny - Portola Valley
2 kids, 3rd&6th gr, min driving,
4 days: T/Th/F 2:30-6, W noon-6
650.529.9707 or 650.269.1710
PfT Sitter/Driver in Menlo Park
3 kids: girls: 11 and 9, boy: 6
M-F 2:45 - 6:15,15 hours min,
competitive hourly wage. Must
own car, have valid CDL, ins.
after-school pick-up, homework
help, drive to sports practice
Fun, self-sufficient kids.
Looking for energetic, baby
sitter for 4 year old twins and
9 year old. 4-5 afternoons/week,
Seek loving after school nanny
sy/o girl on campus 4-6hrs/day
homework driving activities
isegal@stanford.edu
Afterschool tutor for 6 yo boy w
mild learning issue. Must be
responsible, patient, organized
2:15-SPM, 2x/wk but flexible
Must have car w/ good records
Exp not needed. Excellent pay
email vyangmd@yahoo.com
or 650-799-7906. Mountain View
AfterSch Nanny - Portola Valley
2 kids, 3rd&6th gr, min driving,
4 days: T/Th/F 2:30-6, W noon-6
650.529.9707 or 650.269.1710
PfT Sitter/Driver in Menlo Park
3 kids: girls: 11 and 9, boy: 6
M-F 2:45 - 6:15,15 hours min,
competitive hourly wage. Must
own car, have valid CDL, ins.
after-school pick-up, homework
help, drive to sports practice
Fun, self-sufficient kids.
Looking for energetic, baby
sitter for 4 year old twins and
9 year old. 4-5 afternoons/week,
Seek loving after school nanny
sy/o girl on campus 4-6hrs/day
homework driving activities
isegal@stanford.edu
Afterschool tutor for 6 yo boy w
mild learning issue. Must be
responsible, patient, organized
2:15-SPM, 2x/wk but flexible
Must have car w/ good records
Exp not needed. Excellent pay
email vyangmd@yahoo.com
or 650-799-7906. Mountain View
AfterSch Nanny - Portola Valley
2 kids, 3rd&6th gr, min driving,
4 days: T/Th/F 2:30-6, W noon-6
650.529.9707 or 650.269.1710
PfT Sitter/Driver in Menlo Park
3 kids: girls: 11 and 9, boy: 6
M-F 2:45 - 6:15,15 hours min,
competitive hourly wage. Must
own car, have valid CDL, ins.
after-school pick-up, homework
help, drive to sports practice
Fun, self-sufficient kids.
Looking for energetic, baby
sitter for 4 year old twins and
9 year old. 4-5 afternoons/week,
Seek loving after school nanny
sy/o girl on campus 4-6hrs/day
homework driving activities
isegal@stanford.edu
Afterschool tutor for 6 yo boy w
mild learning issue. Must be
responsible, patient, organized
2:15-SPM, 2x/wk but flexible
Must have car w/ good records
Exp not needed. Excellent pay
email vyangmd@yahoo.com
or 650-799-7906. Mountain View
AfterSch Nanny - Portola Valley
2 kids, 3rd&6th gr, min driving,
4 days: T/Th/F 2:30-6, W noon-6
650.529.9707 or 650.269.1710
PfT Sitter/Driver in Menlo Park
3 kids: girls: 11 and 9, boy: 6
M-F 2:45 - 6:15,15 hours min,
competitive hourly wage. Must
own car, have valid CDL, ins.
after-school pick-up, homework
help, drive to sports practice
Fun, self-sufficient kids.
Looking for energetic, baby
sitter for 4 year old twins and
9 year old. 4-5 afternoons/week,
