# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—Santa Clara College defeated
California's Varsity nine on the
Santa Clara campus by a score of
10 to 0 yesterday. Overall was
hatted all over the field. Keefe,
the Santa Clara twirler, was found
for only three hits, and he struck
out fourteen men.
—Santa Clara College defeated
California's Varsity nine on the
Santa Clara campus by a score of
10 to 0 yesterday. Overall was
hatted all over the field. Keefe,
the Santa Clara twirler, was found
for only three hits, and he struck
out fourteen men.
—Santa Clara College defeated
California's Varsity nine on the
Santa Clara campus by a score of
10 to 0 yesterday. Overall was
hatted all over the field. Keefe,
the Santa Clara twirler, was found
for only three hits, and he struck
out fourteen men.
—Santa Clara College defeated
California's Varsity nine on the
Santa Clara campus by a score of
10 to 0 yesterday. Overall was
hatted all over the field. Keefe,
the Santa Clara twirler, was found
for only three hits, and he struck
out fourteen men.
—Santa Clara College defeated
California's Varsity nine on the
Santa Clara campus by a score of
10 to 0 yesterday. Overall was
hatted all over the field. Keefe,
the Santa Clara twirler, was found
for only three hits, and he struck
out fourteen men.
—Santa Clara College defeated
California's Varsity nine on the
Santa Clara campus by a score of
10 to 0 yesterday. Overall was
hatted all over the field. Keefe,
the Santa Clara twirler, was found
for only three hits, and he struck
out fourteen men.
—Santa Clara College defeated
California's Varsity nine on the
Santa Clara campus by a score of
10 to 0 yesterday. Overall was
hatted all over the field. Keefe,
the Santa Clara twirler, was found
for only three hits, and he struck
out fourteen men.
—Santa Clara College defeated
California's Varsity nine on the
Santa Clara campus by a score of
10 to 0 yesterday. Overall was
hatted all over the field. Keefe,
the Santa Clara twirler, was found
for only three hits, and he struck
out fourteen men.
