# On Harvard Debating Team.
## 
### 
In the final trials at Harvard on
February 19th to pick the debating
team to meet Yale on March 23d,
Fletcher B. Wagner, Stanford '02,
was one of the three successful
contestants. The question for the
final debates was "Resolved, That
the United States should permit
the European governments to seize
and hold permanently territory of
the debtor state, not exceeding in
value the amount of the award."
Wagner is now attending the law
school at Cambridge. During his
three years at Stanford he figured
prominently in undergraduate ac
tivities. He was on the editorial
hoards of the Daily Palo Alto,
the Chaparral, and the Sequoia.
In his freshman year he made his
class debating team, and his senior
year was marked by winning the
Carnot medal. Wagner was also a
member of the Intercollegiate de
bating team in that year. The
1902 ''Plug Ugly" was written by
him, as was the 1902 Junior Farce,
which he brought out in collabora
tion with H. It. Johnson, '03. He
was a member of the Delta Upsilon
fraternity, a major in history, a
Ifiuphronian, and registered from
Indiana polia.
In the final trials at Harvard on
February 19th to pick the debating
team to meet Yale on March 23d,
Fletcher B. Wagner, Stanford '02,
was one of the three successful
contestants. The question for the
final debates was "Resolved, That
the United States should permit
the European governments to seize
and hold permanently territory of
the debtor state, not exceeding in
value the amount of the award."
Wagner is now attending the law
school at Cambridge. During his
three years at Stanford he figured
prominently in undergraduate ac
tivities. He was on the editorial
hoards of the Daily Palo Alto,
the Chaparral, and the Sequoia.
In his freshman year he made his
class debating team, and his senior
year was marked by winning the
Carnot medal. Wagner was also a
member of the Intercollegiate de
bating team in that year. The
1902 ''Plug Ugly" was written by
him, as was the 1902 Junior Farce,
which he brought out in collabora
tion with H. It. Johnson, '03. He
was a member of the Delta Upsilon
fraternity, a major in history, a
Ifiuphronian, and registered from
Indiana polia.
In the final trials at Harvard on
February 19th to pick the debating
team to meet Yale on March 23d,
Fletcher B. Wagner, Stanford '02,
was one of the three successful
contestants. The question for the
final debates was "Resolved, That
the United States should permit
the European governments to seize
and hold permanently territory of
the debtor state, not exceeding in
value the amount of the award."
Wagner is now attending the law
school at Cambridge. During his
three years at Stanford he figured
prominently in undergraduate ac
tivities. He was on the editorial
hoards of the Daily Palo Alto,
the Chaparral, and the Sequoia.
In his freshman year he made his
class debating team, and his senior
year was marked by winning the
Carnot medal. Wagner was also a
member of the Intercollegiate de
bating team in that year. The
1902 ''Plug Ugly" was written by
him, as was the 1902 Junior Farce,
which he brought out in collabora
tion with H. It. Johnson, '03. He
was a member of the Delta Upsilon
fraternity, a major in history, a
Ifiuphronian, and registered from
Indiana polia.
In the final trials at Harvard on
February 19th to pick the debating
team to meet Yale on March 23d,
Fletcher B. Wagner, Stanford '02,
was one of the three successful
contestants. The question for the
final debates was "Resolved, That
the United States should permit
the European governments to seize
and hold permanently territory of
the debtor state, not exceeding in
value the amount of the award."
Wagner is now attending the law
school at Cambridge. During his
three years at Stanford he figured
prominently in undergraduate ac
tivities. He was on the editorial
hoards of the Daily Palo Alto,
the Chaparral, and the Sequoia.
In his freshman year he made his
class debating team, and his senior
year was marked by winning the
Carnot medal. Wagner was also a
member of the Intercollegiate de
bating team in that year. The
1902 ''Plug Ugly" was written by
him, as was the 1902 Junior Farce,
which he brought out in collabora
tion with H. It. Johnson, '03. He
was a member of the Delta Upsilon
fraternity, a major in history, a
Ifiuphronian, and registered from
Indiana polia.
In the final trials at Harvard on
February 19th to pick the debating
team to meet Yale on March 23d,
Fletcher B. Wagner, Stanford '02,
was one of the three successful
contestants. The question for the
final debates was "Resolved, That
the United States should permit
the European governments to seize
and hold permanently territory of
the debtor state, not exceeding in
value the amount of the award."
Wagner is now attending the law
school at Cambridge. During his
three years at Stanford he figured
prominently in undergraduate ac
tivities. He was on the editorial
hoards of the Daily Palo Alto,
the Chaparral, and the Sequoia.
In his freshman year he made his
class debating team, and his senior
year was marked by winning the
Carnot medal. Wagner was also a
member of the Intercollegiate de
bating team in that year. The
1902 ''Plug Ugly" was written by
him, as was the 1902 Junior Farce,
which he brought out in collabora
tion with H. It. Johnson, '03. He
was a member of the Delta Upsilon
fraternity, a major in history, a
Ifiuphronian, and registered from
Indiana polia.
In the final trials at Harvard on
February 19th to pick the debating
team to meet Yale on March 23d,
Fletcher B. Wagner, Stanford '02,
was one of the three successful
contestants. The question for the
final debates was "Resolved, That
the United States should permit
the European governments to seize
and hold permanently territory of
the debtor state, not exceeding in
value the amount of the award."
Wagner is now attending the law
school at Cambridge. During his
three years at Stanford he figured
prominently in undergraduate ac
tivities. He was on the editorial
hoards of the Daily Palo Alto,
the Chaparral, and the Sequoia.
In his freshman year he made his
class debating team, and his senior
year was marked by winning the
Carnot medal. Wagner was also a
member of the Intercollegiate de
bating team in that year. The
1902 ''Plug Ugly" was written by
him, as was the 1902 Junior Farce,
which he brought out in collabora
tion with H. It. Johnson, '03. He
was a member of the Delta Upsilon
fraternity, a major in history, a
Ifiuphronian, and registered from
Indiana polia.
In the final trials at Harvard on
February 19th to pick the debating
team to meet Yale on March 23d,
Fletcher B. Wagner, Stanford '02,
was one of the three successful
contestants. The question for the
final debates was "Resolved, That
the United States should permit
the European governments to seize
and hold permanently territory of
the debtor state, not exceeding in
value the amount of the award."
Wagner is now attending the law
school at Cambridge. During his
three years at Stanford he figured
prominently in undergraduate ac
tivities. He was on the editorial
hoards of the Daily Palo Alto,
the Chaparral, and the Sequoia.
In his freshman year he made his
class debating team, and his senior
year was marked by winning the
Carnot medal. Wagner was also a
member of the Intercollegiate de
bating team in that year. The
1902 ''Plug Ugly" was written by
him, as was the 1902 Junior Farce,
which he brought out in collabora
tion with H. It. Johnson, '03. He
was a member of the Delta Upsilon
fraternity, a major in history, a
Ifiuphronian, and registered from
Indiana polia.
In the final trials at Harvard on
February 19th to pick the debating
team to meet Yale on March 23d,
Fletcher B. Wagner, Stanford '02,
was one of the three successful
contestants. The question for the
final debates was "Resolved, That
the United States should permit
the European governments to seize
and hold permanently territory of
the debtor state, not exceeding in
value the amount of the award."
Wagner is now attending the law
school at Cambridge. During his
three years at Stanford he figured
prominently in undergraduate ac
tivities. He was on the editorial
hoards of the Daily Palo Alto,
the Chaparral, and the Sequoia.
In his freshman year he made his
class debating team, and his senior
year was marked by winning the
Carnot medal. Wagner was also a
member of the Intercollegiate de
bating team in that year. The
1902 ''Plug Ugly" was written by
him, as was the 1902 Junior Farce,
which he brought out in collabora
tion with H. It. Johnson, '03. He
was a member of the Delta Upsilon
fraternity, a major in history, a
Ifiuphronian, and registered from
Indiana polia.
