# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Four members of the Syracuse
football team are on the hospital
list.
Four members of the Syracuse
football team are on the hospital
list.
Four members of the Syracuse
football team are on the hospital
list.
Four members of the Syracuse
football team are on the hospital
list.
Four members of the Syracuse
football team are on the hospital
list.
Four members of the Syracuse
football team are on the hospital
list.
Four members of the Syracuse
football team are on the hospital
list.
Four members of the Syracuse
football team are on the hospital
list.
Four members of the Syracuse
football team are on the hospital
list.
Four members of the Syracuse
football team are on the hospital
list.
Four members of the Syracuse
football team are on the hospital
list.
Four members of the Syracuse
football team are on the hospital
list.
Four members of the Syracuse
football team are on the hospital
list.
Four members of the Syracuse
football team are on the hospital
list.
