# Untitled Article
## 
### 
From across the Southern Seas a
representative team of rugby players
has come to match skill with the best
exponents of the game in America.
The "All Blacks" from New Zealand
after a twelve days' visit on our
shores are coming to Stanford on
Monday to be the guests of the Stu
dent Body. For a week the travelers
are to be entertained on the campus.
An extensive program has been ar
ranged by the committee in charge
of the entertainment. To give the
visitors a real Stanford welcome the
committee has requested that the en
tire student body, both men and wo
men. meet the team at the Palo Alto
station. The New Zealaiulers are to
arrive on the 3:.jS train from San
Francisco. Be at the depot on Mon
day.
From across the Southern Seas a
representative team of rugby players
has come to match skill with the best
exponents of the game in America.
The "All Blacks" from New Zealand
after a twelve days' visit on our
shores are coming to Stanford on
Monday to be the guests of the Stu
dent Body. For a week the travelers
are to be entertained on the campus.
An extensive program has been ar
ranged by the committee in charge
of the entertainment. To give the
visitors a real Stanford welcome the
committee has requested that the en
tire student body, both men and wo
men. meet the team at the Palo Alto
station. The New Zealaiulers are to
arrive on the 3:.jS train from San
Francisco. Be at the depot on Mon
day.
From across the Southern Seas a
representative team of rugby players
has come to match skill with the best
exponents of the game in America.
The "All Blacks" from New Zealand
after a twelve days' visit on our
shores are coming to Stanford on
Monday to be the guests of the Stu
dent Body. For a week the travelers
are to be entertained on the campus.
An extensive program has been ar
ranged by the committee in charge
of the entertainment. To give the
visitors a real Stanford welcome the
committee has requested that the en
tire student body, both men and wo
men. meet the team at the Palo Alto
station. The New Zealaiulers are to
arrive on the 3:.jS train from San
Francisco. Be at the depot on Mon
day.
From across the Southern Seas a
representative team of rugby players
has come to match skill with the best
exponents of the game in America.
The "All Blacks" from New Zealand
after a twelve days' visit on our
shores are coming to Stanford on
Monday to be the guests of the Stu
dent Body. For a week the travelers
are to be entertained on the campus.
An extensive program has been ar
ranged by the committee in charge
of the entertainment. To give the
visitors a real Stanford welcome the
committee has requested that the en
tire student body, both men and wo
men. meet the team at the Palo Alto
station. The New Zealaiulers are to
arrive on the 3:.jS train from San
Francisco. Be at the depot on Mon
day.
From across the Southern Seas a
representative team of rugby players
has come to match skill with the best
exponents of the game in America.
The "All Blacks" from New Zealand
after a twelve days' visit on our
shores are coming to Stanford on
Monday to be the guests of the Stu
dent Body. For a week the travelers
are to be entertained on the campus.
An extensive program has been ar
ranged by the committee in charge
of the entertainment. To give the
visitors a real Stanford welcome the
committee has requested that the en
tire student body, both men and wo
men. meet the team at the Palo Alto
station. The New Zealaiulers are to
arrive on the 3:.jS train from San
Francisco. Be at the depot on Mon
day.
From across the Southern Seas a
representative team of rugby players
has come to match skill with the best
exponents of the game in America.
The "All Blacks" from New Zealand
after a twelve days' visit on our
shores are coming to Stanford on
Monday to be the guests of the Stu
dent Body. For a week the travelers
are to be entertained on the campus.
An extensive program has been ar
ranged by the committee in charge
of the entertainment. To give the
visitors a real Stanford welcome the
committee has requested that the en
tire student body, both men and wo
men. meet the team at the Palo Alto
station. The New Zealaiulers are to
arrive on the 3:.jS train from San
Francisco. Be at the depot on Mon
day.
From across the Southern Seas a
representative team of rugby players
has come to match skill with the best
exponents of the game in America.
The "All Blacks" from New Zealand
after a twelve days' visit on our
shores are coming to Stanford on
Monday to be the guests of the Stu
dent Body. For a week the travelers
are to be entertained on the campus.
An extensive program has been ar
ranged by the committee in charge
of the entertainment. To give the
visitors a real Stanford welcome the
committee has requested that the en
tire student body, both men and wo
men. meet the team at the Palo Alto
station. The New Zealaiulers are to
arrive on the 3:.jS train from San
Francisco. Be at the depot on Mon
day.
From across the Southern Seas a
representative team of rugby players
has come to match skill with the best
exponents of the game in America.
The "All Blacks" from New Zealand
after a twelve days' visit on our
shores are coming to Stanford on
Monday to be the guests of the Stu
dent Body. For a week the travelers
are to be entertained on the campus.
An extensive program has been ar
ranged by the committee in charge
of the entertainment. To give the
visitors a real Stanford welcome the
committee has requested that the en
tire student body, both men and wo
men. meet the team at the Palo Alto
station. The New Zealaiulers are to
arrive on the 3:.jS train from San
Francisco. Be at the depot on Mon
day.
From across the Southern Seas a
representative team of rugby players
has come to match skill with the best
exponents of the game in America.
The "All Blacks" from New Zealand
after a twelve days' visit on our
shores are coming to Stanford on
Monday to be the guests of the Stu
dent Body. For a week the travelers
are to be entertained on the campus.
An extensive program has been ar
ranged by the committee in charge
of the entertainment. To give the
visitors a real Stanford welcome the
committee has requested that the en
tire student body, both men and wo
men. meet the team at the Palo Alto
station. The New Zealaiulers are to
arrive on the 3:.jS train from San
Francisco. Be at the depot on Mon
day.
From across the Southern Seas a
representative team of rugby players
has come to match skill with the best
exponents of the game in America.
The "All Blacks" from New Zealand
after a twelve days' visit on our
shores are coming to Stanford on
Monday to be the guests of the Stu
dent Body. For a week the travelers
are to be entertained on the campus.
An extensive program has been ar
ranged by the committee in charge
of the entertainment. To give the
visitors a real Stanford welcome the
committee has requested that the en
tire student body, both men and wo
men. meet the team at the Palo Alto
station. The New Zealaiulers are to
arrive on the 3:.jS train from San
Francisco. Be at the depot on Mon
day.
From across the Southern Seas a
representative team of rugby players
has come to match skill with the best
exponents of the game in America.
The "All Blacks" from New Zealand
after a twelve days' visit on our
shores are coming to Stanford on
Monday to be the guests of the Stu
dent Body. For a week the travelers
are to be entertained on the campus.
An extensive program has been ar
ranged by the committee in charge
of the entertainment. To give the
visitors a real Stanford welcome the
committee has requested that the en
tire student body, both men and wo
men. meet the team at the Palo Alto
station. The New Zealaiulers are to
arrive on the 3:.jS train from San
Francisco. Be at the depot on Mon
day.
From across the Southern Seas a
representative team of rugby players
has come to match skill with the best
exponents of the game in America.
The "All Blacks" from New Zealand
after a twelve days' visit on our
shores are coming to Stanford on
Monday to be the guests of the Stu
dent Body. For a week the travelers
are to be entertained on the campus.
An extensive program has been ar
ranged by the committee in charge
of the entertainment. To give the
visitors a real Stanford welcome the
committee has requested that the en
tire student body, both men and wo
men. meet the team at the Palo Alto
station. The New Zealaiulers are to
arrive on the 3:.jS train from San
Francisco. Be at the depot on Mon
day.
From across the Southern Seas a
representative team of rugby players
has come to match skill with the best
exponents of the game in America.
The "All Blacks" from New Zealand
after a twelve days' visit on our
shores are coming to Stanford on
Monday to be the guests of the Stu
dent Body. For a week the travelers
are to be entertained on the campus.
An extensive program has been ar
ranged by the committee in charge
of the entertainment. To give the
visitors a real Stanford welcome the
committee has requested that the en
tire student body, both men and wo
men. meet the team at the Palo Alto
station. The New Zealaiulers are to
arrive on the 3:.jS train from San
Francisco. Be at the depot on Mon
day.
From across the Southern Seas a
representative team of rugby players
has come to match skill with the best
exponents of the game in America.
The "All Blacks" from New Zealand
after a twelve days' visit on our
shores are coming to Stanford on
Monday to be the guests of the Stu
dent Body. For a week the travelers
are to be entertained on the campus.
An extensive program has been ar
ranged by the committee in charge
of the entertainment. To give the
visitors a real Stanford welcome the
committee has requested that the en
tire student body, both men and wo
men. meet the team at the Palo Alto
station. The New Zealaiulers are to
arrive on the 3:.jS train from San
Francisco. Be at the depot on Mon
day.
