# India Scholar Arrives Today
## 
### 
Phillips Talbot, student of Indian
affairs, is expected to arrive at
Stanford today. He plans to be here
ior the rest ol the week conducting
seminars and lectures.
This afternoon Talbot will give a
public lecture in Cubberley Audi
torium at 3. His topic will be "In
dia's Struggle for Democray." Tal
bot is an authority 011 the subject
as he has just returned this month
from an extensive trip through In
dia and Pakistan. lie has written
numerous articles and reports 011
India and Pakistan and has given
courses on the subject at the Uni
versity of Chicago and Columbia.
Talbot began the study of Indian
affairs in 19.'}8 under the auspices
of the Institute of Current World
Affairs. At the end of the war he
returned again to India as a repre
sentative of this group and as a
foreign correspondent for the Chi
cago Daily News.
This is one of the monthly lec
tures which are presented to bring
before students and faculty various
AUF"S members wh;> have studied
and worked abroad. Professor John
D. Goheen, who heads the faculty
committee in charge of the Stan
ford University-University of To
kyo seminar program, is in charge
of the arrangements for Talbot's
visit heir.
