# Cabinet responds to 1991 UCMI review
## 
### Lindsey Marcus Editorial staff 
The University Cabinet lauded
Stanford's overall progress on mi
nority issues yesterday, but said
stronger efforts are needed to at
tract minority faculty and staff.
In its official response to the
1991 review of the University
Committee on Minority Issues re
port, the cabinet also expressed
support for cultural and ethnic
centers as well as theme houses,
"insofar as they provide educa
tional benefits for, and stimulate
interaction and mutual learning
among, students from a wide vari
ety of backgrounds."

The cabinet labeled minority
faculty hiring "a source of urgent
concern" in its response. While
budget reductions have caused an
overall shrinking of the Universi
ty's staff, the cabinet noted that
the percentage of minority em
ployees stayed the same from be
tween April 1992 and April 1993.
It reiterated a commitment to cre
ating a diverse community "even
while responding to the ongoing
fiscal problems that the Universi
ty will face in the coming years."
The cabinet also reinforced the
importance of Stanford's cultural
and ethnic community centers
and theme houses. It stated that
