# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The postponement of the lighting
of University Avenue until next sem
ester hardly comes as a surprise to
those students who have been here
long enough to be familiar with the
manner in which the authorities are
in the habit of dealing with this
question. It occasions some satis
faction, however, to discover that ma
terials are actually being collected
and that in time we may hope to walk
to Palo Alto after dark without dan
ger of serious injury. At the opening
of this semester the statement was
made that the Avenue would be light
ed before the Christmas vacation.
This we did not expect, and we are
grateful that, in place of the cus
tomary indifference, those in charge
have finally manifested some interest
in the matter.
