# Sequoia Applications
## 
### 
Letters of application lor the
editorship and for editorial
board positions on Sequoia may
l>e turned in until Friday, May
22. They should l»e left in the
mailbox of the faculty advisor,
Alfred Appel of the English de
partment. Applicants should ad
dress themselves particularly
to the problem of increasing
student participation and con
tributions to Sequoia.
Letters of application lor the
editorship and for editorial
board positions on Sequoia may
l>e turned in until Friday, May
22. They should l»e left in the
mailbox of the faculty advisor,
Alfred Appel of the English de
partment. Applicants should ad
dress themselves particularly
to the problem of increasing
student participation and con
tributions to Sequoia.
Letters of application lor the
editorship and for editorial
board positions on Sequoia may
l>e turned in until Friday, May
22. They should l»e left in the
mailbox of the faculty advisor,
Alfred Appel of the English de
partment. Applicants should ad
dress themselves particularly
to the problem of increasing
student participation and con
tributions to Sequoia.
Letters of application lor the
editorship and for editorial
board positions on Sequoia may
l>e turned in until Friday, May
22. They should l»e left in the
mailbox of the faculty advisor,
Alfred Appel of the English de
partment. Applicants should ad
dress themselves particularly
to the problem of increasing
student participation and con
tributions to Sequoia.
Letters of application lor the
editorship and for editorial
board positions on Sequoia may
l>e turned in until Friday, May
22. They should l»e left in the
mailbox of the faculty advisor,
Alfred Appel of the English de
partment. Applicants should ad
dress themselves particularly
to the problem of increasing
student participation and con
tributions to Sequoia.
Letters of application lor the
editorship and for editorial
board positions on Sequoia may
l>e turned in until Friday, May
22. They should l»e left in the
mailbox of the faculty advisor,
Alfred Appel of the English de
partment. Applicants should ad
dress themselves particularly
to the problem of increasing
student participation and con
tributions to Sequoia.
Letters of application lor the
editorship and for editorial
board positions on Sequoia may
l>e turned in until Friday, May
22. They should l»e left in the
mailbox of the faculty advisor,
Alfred Appel of the English de
partment. Applicants should ad
dress themselves particularly
to the problem of increasing
student participation and con
tributions to Sequoia.
Letters of application lor the
editorship and for editorial
board positions on Sequoia may
l>e turned in until Friday, May
22. They should l»e left in the
mailbox of the faculty advisor,
Alfred Appel of the English de
partment. Applicants should ad
dress themselves particularly
to the problem of increasing
student participation and con
tributions to Sequoia.
Letters of application lor the
editorship and for editorial
board positions on Sequoia may
l>e turned in until Friday, May
22. They should l»e left in the
mailbox of the faculty advisor,
Alfred Appel of the English de
partment. Applicants should ad
dress themselves particularly
to the problem of increasing
student participation and con
tributions to Sequoia.
Letters of application lor the
editorship and for editorial
board positions on Sequoia may
l>e turned in until Friday, May
22. They should l»e left in the
mailbox of the faculty advisor,
Alfred Appel of the English de
partment. Applicants should ad
dress themselves particularly
to the problem of increasing
student participation and con
tributions to Sequoia.
Letters of application lor the
editorship and for editorial
board positions on Sequoia may
l>e turned in until Friday, May
22. They should l»e left in the
mailbox of the faculty advisor,
Alfred Appel of the English de
partment. Applicants should ad
dress themselves particularly
to the problem of increasing
student participation and con
tributions to Sequoia.
Letters of application lor the
editorship and for editorial
board positions on Sequoia may
l>e turned in until Friday, May
22. They should l»e left in the
mailbox of the faculty advisor,
Alfred Appel of the English de
partment. Applicants should ad
dress themselves particularly
to the problem of increasing
student participation and con
tributions to Sequoia.
Letters of application lor the
editorship and for editorial
board positions on Sequoia may
l>e turned in until Friday, May
22. They should l»e left in the
mailbox of the faculty advisor,
Alfred Appel of the English de
partment. Applicants should ad
dress themselves particularly
to the problem of increasing
student participation and con
tributions to Sequoia.
Letters of application lor the
editorship and for editorial
board positions on Sequoia may
l>e turned in until Friday, May
22. They should l»e left in the
mailbox of the faculty advisor,
Alfred Appel of the English de
partment. Applicants should ad
dress themselves particularly
to the problem of increasing
student participation and con
tributions to Sequoia.
Letters of application lor the
editorship and for editorial
board positions on Sequoia may
l>e turned in until Friday, May
22. They should l»e left in the
mailbox of the faculty advisor,
Alfred Appel of the English de
partment. Applicants should ad
dress themselves particularly
to the problem of increasing
student participation and con
tributions to Sequoia.
