# Untitled Article
## 
### 
COPY-RIGHT?
One company is trying to make patented
scientific data more accessible.
INNOVATION/5

SO-SO START
Men's basketball went 4-3 over the
break, but went 0-2 in Pac-10 play.
SPORTS/14


COPY-RIGHT?
One company is trying to make patented
scientific data more accessible.
INNOVATION/5

SO-SO START
Men's basketball went 4-3 over the
break, but went 0-2 in Pac-10 play.
SPORTS/14


COPY-RIGHT?
One company is trying to make patented
scientific data more accessible.
INNOVATION/5

SO-SO START
Men's basketball went 4-3 over the
break, but went 0-2 in Pac-10 play.
SPORTS/14


COPY-RIGHT?
One company is trying to make patented
scientific data more accessible.
INNOVATION/5

SO-SO START
Men's basketball went 4-3 over the
break, but went 0-2 in Pac-10 play.
SPORTS/14


COPY-RIGHT?
One company is trying to make patented
scientific data more accessible.
INNOVATION/5

SO-SO START
Men's basketball went 4-3 over the
break, but went 0-2 in Pac-10 play.
SPORTS/14


COPY-RIGHT?
One company is trying to make patented
scientific data more accessible.
INNOVATION/5

SO-SO START
Men's basketball went 4-3 over the
break, but went 0-2 in Pac-10 play.
SPORTS/14


COPY-RIGHT?
One company is trying to make patented
scientific data more accessible.
INNOVATION/5

SO-SO START
Men's basketball went 4-3 over the
break, but went 0-2 in Pac-10 play.
SPORTS/14


COPY-RIGHT?
One company is trying to make patented
scientific data more accessible.
INNOVATION/5

SO-SO START
Men's basketball went 4-3 over the
break, but went 0-2 in Pac-10 play.
SPORTS/14


COPY-RIGHT?
One company is trying to make patented
scientific data more accessible.
INNOVATION/5

SO-SO START
Men's basketball went 4-3 over the
break, but went 0-2 in Pac-10 play.
SPORTS/14


