# First Week of the Inn.
## 
### 
At the close of the first week of
the Inn tinder student manage
ment, ninety-three membership
tickets had been sold. Today the
board of directors audited the ac
counts, and, from a survey of the
expenses and receipts, found that
the Club is already on a safe finan
cial basis. Seventy-three meal tick
ets were sold last week, and four
hundred meals were served to tran
sients. Seven tables, each seating
ten or twelve persons, have been
installed and places are taken by
the regular boarders. For single
transient meals the price is twenty
five cents, but tickets will be issued
to persons living off the campus
who wish to take lunch, at the rate
of one dollar for five meals. At
noon today one hundred forty
persons were served.
At the close of the first week of
the Inn tinder student manage
ment, ninety-three membership
tickets had been sold. Today the
board of directors audited the ac
counts, and, from a survey of the
expenses and receipts, found that
the Club is already on a safe finan
cial basis. Seventy-three meal tick
ets were sold last week, and four
hundred meals were served to tran
sients. Seven tables, each seating
ten or twelve persons, have been
installed and places are taken by
the regular boarders. For single
transient meals the price is twenty
five cents, but tickets will be issued
to persons living off the campus
who wish to take lunch, at the rate
of one dollar for five meals. At
noon today one hundred forty
persons were served.
At the close of the first week of
the Inn tinder student manage
ment, ninety-three membership
tickets had been sold. Today the
board of directors audited the ac
counts, and, from a survey of the
expenses and receipts, found that
the Club is already on a safe finan
cial basis. Seventy-three meal tick
ets were sold last week, and four
hundred meals were served to tran
sients. Seven tables, each seating
ten or twelve persons, have been
installed and places are taken by
the regular boarders. For single
transient meals the price is twenty
five cents, but tickets will be issued
to persons living off the campus
who wish to take lunch, at the rate
of one dollar for five meals. At
noon today one hundred forty
persons were served.
At the close of the first week of
the Inn tinder student manage
ment, ninety-three membership
tickets had been sold. Today the
board of directors audited the ac
counts, and, from a survey of the
expenses and receipts, found that
the Club is already on a safe finan
cial basis. Seventy-three meal tick
ets were sold last week, and four
hundred meals were served to tran
sients. Seven tables, each seating
ten or twelve persons, have been
installed and places are taken by
the regular boarders. For single
transient meals the price is twenty
five cents, but tickets will be issued
to persons living off the campus
who wish to take lunch, at the rate
of one dollar for five meals. At
noon today one hundred forty
persons were served.
At the close of the first week of
the Inn tinder student manage
ment, ninety-three membership
tickets had been sold. Today the
board of directors audited the ac
counts, and, from a survey of the
expenses and receipts, found that
the Club is already on a safe finan
cial basis. Seventy-three meal tick
ets were sold last week, and four
hundred meals were served to tran
sients. Seven tables, each seating
ten or twelve persons, have been
installed and places are taken by
the regular boarders. For single
transient meals the price is twenty
five cents, but tickets will be issued
to persons living off the campus
who wish to take lunch, at the rate
of one dollar for five meals. At
noon today one hundred forty
persons were served.
At the close of the first week of
the Inn tinder student manage
ment, ninety-three membership
tickets had been sold. Today the
board of directors audited the ac
counts, and, from a survey of the
expenses and receipts, found that
the Club is already on a safe finan
cial basis. Seventy-three meal tick
ets were sold last week, and four
hundred meals were served to tran
sients. Seven tables, each seating
ten or twelve persons, have been
installed and places are taken by
the regular boarders. For single
transient meals the price is twenty
five cents, but tickets will be issued
to persons living off the campus
who wish to take lunch, at the rate
of one dollar for five meals. At
noon today one hundred forty
persons were served.
At the close of the first week of
the Inn tinder student manage
ment, ninety-three membership
tickets had been sold. Today the
board of directors audited the ac
counts, and, from a survey of the
expenses and receipts, found that
the Club is already on a safe finan
cial basis. Seventy-three meal tick
ets were sold last week, and four
hundred meals were served to tran
sients. Seven tables, each seating
ten or twelve persons, have been
installed and places are taken by
the regular boarders. For single
transient meals the price is twenty
five cents, but tickets will be issued
to persons living off the campus
who wish to take lunch, at the rate
of one dollar for five meals. At
noon today one hundred forty
persons were served.
At the close of the first week of
the Inn tinder student manage
ment, ninety-three membership
tickets had been sold. Today the
board of directors audited the ac
counts, and, from a survey of the
expenses and receipts, found that
the Club is already on a safe finan
cial basis. Seventy-three meal tick
ets were sold last week, and four
hundred meals were served to tran
sients. Seven tables, each seating
ten or twelve persons, have been
installed and places are taken by
the regular boarders. For single
transient meals the price is twenty
five cents, but tickets will be issued
to persons living off the campus
who wish to take lunch, at the rate
of one dollar for five meals. At
noon today one hundred forty
persons were served.
