# Change Date for Jolly-Up
## 
### 
Because of the conflict with the
Union dance the upperclass jolly-up
which was scheduled for Friday, Oc
tober 27, will be held on November
4, in Encina Hail. This date will be
shared with La Liana, which will be
given the closed date which it is en
titled to some time during next se
mester.
Because of the conflict with the
Union dance the upperclass jolly-up
which was scheduled for Friday, Oc
tober 27, will be held on November
4, in Encina Hail. This date will be
shared with La Liana, which will be
given the closed date which it is en
titled to some time during next se
mester.
Because of the conflict with the
Union dance the upperclass jolly-up
which was scheduled for Friday, Oc
tober 27, will be held on November
4, in Encina Hail. This date will be
shared with La Liana, which will be
given the closed date which it is en
titled to some time during next se
mester.
Because of the conflict with the
Union dance the upperclass jolly-up
which was scheduled for Friday, Oc
tober 27, will be held on November
4, in Encina Hail. This date will be
shared with La Liana, which will be
given the closed date which it is en
titled to some time during next se
mester.
Because of the conflict with the
Union dance the upperclass jolly-up
which was scheduled for Friday, Oc
tober 27, will be held on November
4, in Encina Hail. This date will be
shared with La Liana, which will be
given the closed date which it is en
titled to some time during next se
mester.
Because of the conflict with the
Union dance the upperclass jolly-up
which was scheduled for Friday, Oc
tober 27, will be held on November
4, in Encina Hail. This date will be
shared with La Liana, which will be
given the closed date which it is en
titled to some time during next se
mester.
Because of the conflict with the
Union dance the upperclass jolly-up
which was scheduled for Friday, Oc
tober 27, will be held on November
4, in Encina Hail. This date will be
shared with La Liana, which will be
given the closed date which it is en
titled to some time during next se
mester.
Because of the conflict with the
Union dance the upperclass jolly-up
which was scheduled for Friday, Oc
tober 27, will be held on November
4, in Encina Hail. This date will be
shared with La Liana, which will be
given the closed date which it is en
titled to some time during next se
mester.
Because of the conflict with the
Union dance the upperclass jolly-up
which was scheduled for Friday, Oc
tober 27, will be held on November
4, in Encina Hail. This date will be
shared with La Liana, which will be
given the closed date which it is en
titled to some time during next se
mester.
Because of the conflict with the
Union dance the upperclass jolly-up
which was scheduled for Friday, Oc
tober 27, will be held on November
4, in Encina Hail. This date will be
shared with La Liana, which will be
given the closed date which it is en
titled to some time during next se
mester.
Because of the conflict with the
Union dance the upperclass jolly-up
which was scheduled for Friday, Oc
tober 27, will be held on November
4, in Encina Hail. This date will be
shared with La Liana, which will be
given the closed date which it is en
titled to some time during next se
mester.
Because of the conflict with the
Union dance the upperclass jolly-up
which was scheduled for Friday, Oc
tober 27, will be held on November
4, in Encina Hail. This date will be
shared with La Liana, which will be
given the closed date which it is en
titled to some time during next se
mester.
Because of the conflict with the
Union dance the upperclass jolly-up
which was scheduled for Friday, Oc
tober 27, will be held on November
4, in Encina Hail. This date will be
shared with La Liana, which will be
given the closed date which it is en
titled to some time during next se
mester.
Because of the conflict with the
Union dance the upperclass jolly-up
which was scheduled for Friday, Oc
tober 27, will be held on November
4, in Encina Hail. This date will be
shared with La Liana, which will be
given the closed date which it is en
titled to some time during next se
mester.
