# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Eighty-three high schools have en
tered the Interscholastic Public Speak
ing League, organized by the Exten
sion Bureau of the University of Cali
fornia.
Eighty-three high schools have en
tered the Interscholastic Public Speak
ing League, organized by the Exten
sion Bureau of the University of Cali
fornia.
Eighty-three high schools have en
tered the Interscholastic Public Speak
ing League, organized by the Exten
sion Bureau of the University of Cali
fornia.
Eighty-three high schools have en
tered the Interscholastic Public Speak
ing League, organized by the Exten
sion Bureau of the University of Cali
fornia.
Eighty-three high schools have en
tered the Interscholastic Public Speak
ing League, organized by the Exten
sion Bureau of the University of Cali
fornia.
Eighty-three high schools have en
tered the Interscholastic Public Speak
ing League, organized by the Exten
sion Bureau of the University of Cali
fornia.
Eighty-three high schools have en
tered the Interscholastic Public Speak
ing League, organized by the Exten
sion Bureau of the University of Cali
fornia.
Eighty-three high schools have en
tered the Interscholastic Public Speak
ing League, organized by the Exten
sion Bureau of the University of Cali
fornia.
Eighty-three high schools have en
tered the Interscholastic Public Speak
ing League, organized by the Exten
sion Bureau of the University of Cali
fornia.
Eighty-three high schools have en
tered the Interscholastic Public Speak
ing League, organized by the Exten
sion Bureau of the University of Cali
fornia.
Eighty-three high schools have en
tered the Interscholastic Public Speak
ing League, organized by the Exten
sion Bureau of the University of Cali
fornia.
Eighty-three high schools have en
tered the Interscholastic Public Speak
ing League, organized by the Exten
sion Bureau of the University of Cali
fornia.
Eighty-three high schools have en
tered the Interscholastic Public Speak
ing League, organized by the Exten
sion Bureau of the University of Cali
fornia.
Eighty-three high schools have en
tered the Interscholastic Public Speak
ing League, organized by the Exten
sion Bureau of the University of Cali
fornia.
