# WILBUR TO TALK AT ALUMNI MEET
## 
### 
Alumni gatherings drew President
Wilbur south last night, where he
will be kept busy as guest of honor
and principal speaker at meetings
during the rest of the week.
Tonight, it is expected, will mark
the largest concentration of gradu
ates in Los Angeles for some time,
when the Stanford Men's and
Womens' Clubs of that city meet
jointly to greet Dr. Wilbur.
Following this he will travel to
Fullerton to speak at a School Ad
ministrators convention and at an
other joint meeting of the Orange
County Stanford Clubs, and will ad
dress alumni in Long Beach on Fri
day night befox-e returning north.
Accompanying Dr. Wilbur on this
trip are Mrs. Wilbur, and Trustees
Leland Cutler, Parmer Fuller, and
their wives. The group will be met
in Los Angeles by Harry Chandler,
also a Trustee.
