# TEACHERS' TESTS
## 
### 
Teachers' tests in Comprehensive
English and Current Knowledge will
be given to all candidates for teach
ing credentials and all candidates
for the M.A. degree in Education
Saturday at 8:30 o'clock in the morn
ing in Room 50.
Teachers' tests in Comprehensive
English and Current Knowledge will
be given to all candidates for teach
ing credentials and all candidates
for the M.A. degree in Education
Saturday at 8:30 o'clock in the morn
ing in Room 50.
Teachers' tests in Comprehensive
English and Current Knowledge will
be given to all candidates for teach
ing credentials and all candidates
for the M.A. degree in Education
Saturday at 8:30 o'clock in the morn
ing in Room 50.
Teachers' tests in Comprehensive
English and Current Knowledge will
be given to all candidates for teach
ing credentials and all candidates
for the M.A. degree in Education
Saturday at 8:30 o'clock in the morn
ing in Room 50.
Teachers' tests in Comprehensive
English and Current Knowledge will
be given to all candidates for teach
ing credentials and all candidates
for the M.A. degree in Education
Saturday at 8:30 o'clock in the morn
ing in Room 50.
Teachers' tests in Comprehensive
English and Current Knowledge will
be given to all candidates for teach
ing credentials and all candidates
for the M.A. degree in Education
Saturday at 8:30 o'clock in the morn
ing in Room 50.
Teachers' tests in Comprehensive
English and Current Knowledge will
be given to all candidates for teach
ing credentials and all candidates
for the M.A. degree in Education
Saturday at 8:30 o'clock in the morn
ing in Room 50.
Teachers' tests in Comprehensive
English and Current Knowledge will
be given to all candidates for teach
ing credentials and all candidates
for the M.A. degree in Education
Saturday at 8:30 o'clock in the morn
ing in Room 50.
Teachers' tests in Comprehensive
English and Current Knowledge will
be given to all candidates for teach
ing credentials and all candidates
for the M.A. degree in Education
Saturday at 8:30 o'clock in the morn
ing in Room 50.
Teachers' tests in Comprehensive
English and Current Knowledge will
be given to all candidates for teach
ing credentials and all candidates
for the M.A. degree in Education
Saturday at 8:30 o'clock in the morn
ing in Room 50.
Teachers' tests in Comprehensive
English and Current Knowledge will
be given to all candidates for teach
ing credentials and all candidates
for the M.A. degree in Education
Saturday at 8:30 o'clock in the morn
ing in Room 50.
Teachers' tests in Comprehensive
English and Current Knowledge will
be given to all candidates for teach
ing credentials and all candidates
for the M.A. degree in Education
Saturday at 8:30 o'clock in the morn
ing in Room 50.
Teachers' tests in Comprehensive
English and Current Knowledge will
be given to all candidates for teach
ing credentials and all candidates
for the M.A. degree in Education
Saturday at 8:30 o'clock in the morn
ing in Room 50.
Teachers' tests in Comprehensive
English and Current Knowledge will
be given to all candidates for teach
ing credentials and all candidates
for the M.A. degree in Education
Saturday at 8:30 o'clock in the morn
ing in Room 50.
Teachers' tests in Comprehensive
English and Current Knowledge will
be given to all candidates for teach
ing credentials and all candidates
for the M.A. degree in Education
Saturday at 8:30 o'clock in the morn
ing in Room 50.
