# Red Grange, Former Grid Hero, Featured at Kezar
## 
### 
Red Grange, who last week proved
his old-time ability to "carry the
mail" before Los Angelenos, scoring
twice and leading his mates to vic
tory over ex-Trojan All-Stars, 26-7,
will be featured in the Knights of
Columbus game at Kezar Stadium
Sunday as a defensive halfback par
<excellcnce, playing with the world
champions of American football, the
Chicago Bears.
Opposition to the steam roller will
be furnished by western all-Amer
icans, some of whom were in pro
football this year.
Red Grange, who last week proved
his old-time ability to "carry the
mail" before Los Angelenos, scoring
twice and leading his mates to vic
tory over ex-Trojan All-Stars, 26-7,
will be featured in the Knights of
Columbus game at Kezar Stadium
Sunday as a defensive halfback par
<excellcnce, playing with the world
champions of American football, the
Chicago Bears.
Opposition to the steam roller will
be furnished by western all-Amer
icans, some of whom were in pro
football this year.
Red Grange, who last week proved
his old-time ability to "carry the
mail" before Los Angelenos, scoring
twice and leading his mates to vic
tory over ex-Trojan All-Stars, 26-7,
will be featured in the Knights of
Columbus game at Kezar Stadium
Sunday as a defensive halfback par
<excellcnce, playing with the world
champions of American football, the
Chicago Bears.
Opposition to the steam roller will
be furnished by western all-Amer
icans, some of whom were in pro
football this year.
Red Grange, who last week proved
his old-time ability to "carry the
mail" before Los Angelenos, scoring
twice and leading his mates to vic
tory over ex-Trojan All-Stars, 26-7,
will be featured in the Knights of
Columbus game at Kezar Stadium
Sunday as a defensive halfback par
<excellcnce, playing with the world
champions of American football, the
Chicago Bears.
Opposition to the steam roller will
be furnished by western all-Amer
icans, some of whom were in pro
football this year.
Red Grange, who last week proved
his old-time ability to "carry the
mail" before Los Angelenos, scoring
twice and leading his mates to vic
tory over ex-Trojan All-Stars, 26-7,
will be featured in the Knights of
Columbus game at Kezar Stadium
Sunday as a defensive halfback par
<excellcnce, playing with the world
champions of American football, the
Chicago Bears.
Opposition to the steam roller will
be furnished by western all-Amer
icans, some of whom were in pro
football this year.
Red Grange, who last week proved
his old-time ability to "carry the
mail" before Los Angelenos, scoring
twice and leading his mates to vic
tory over ex-Trojan All-Stars, 26-7,
will be featured in the Knights of
Columbus game at Kezar Stadium
Sunday as a defensive halfback par
<excellcnce, playing with the world
champions of American football, the
Chicago Bears.
Opposition to the steam roller will
be furnished by western all-Amer
icans, some of whom were in pro
football this year.
Red Grange, who last week proved
his old-time ability to "carry the
mail" before Los Angelenos, scoring
twice and leading his mates to vic
tory over ex-Trojan All-Stars, 26-7,
will be featured in the Knights of
Columbus game at Kezar Stadium
Sunday as a defensive halfback par
<excellcnce, playing with the world
champions of American football, the
Chicago Bears.
Opposition to the steam roller will
be furnished by western all-Amer
icans, some of whom were in pro
football this year.
Red Grange, who last week proved
his old-time ability to "carry the
mail" before Los Angelenos, scoring
twice and leading his mates to vic
tory over ex-Trojan All-Stars, 26-7,
will be featured in the Knights of
Columbus game at Kezar Stadium
Sunday as a defensive halfback par
<excellcnce, playing with the world
champions of American football, the
Chicago Bears.
Opposition to the steam roller will
be furnished by western all-Amer
icans, some of whom were in pro
football this year.
Red Grange, who last week proved
his old-time ability to "carry the
mail" before Los Angelenos, scoring
twice and leading his mates to vic
tory over ex-Trojan All-Stars, 26-7,
will be featured in the Knights of
Columbus game at Kezar Stadium
Sunday as a defensive halfback par
<excellcnce, playing with the world
champions of American football, the
Chicago Bears.
Opposition to the steam roller will
be furnished by western all-Amer
icans, some of whom were in pro
football this year.
Red Grange, who last week proved
his old-time ability to "carry the
mail" before Los Angelenos, scoring
twice and leading his mates to vic
tory over ex-Trojan All-Stars, 26-7,
will be featured in the Knights of
Columbus game at Kezar Stadium
Sunday as a defensive halfback par
<excellcnce, playing with the world
champions of American football, the
Chicago Bears.
Opposition to the steam roller will
be furnished by western all-Amer
icans, some of whom were in pro
football this year.
Red Grange, who last week proved
his old-time ability to "carry the
mail" before Los Angelenos, scoring
twice and leading his mates to vic
tory over ex-Trojan All-Stars, 26-7,
will be featured in the Knights of
Columbus game at Kezar Stadium
Sunday as a defensive halfback par
<excellcnce, playing with the world
champions of American football, the
Chicago Bears.
Opposition to the steam roller will
be furnished by western all-Amer
icans, some of whom were in pro
football this year.
Red Grange, who last week proved
his old-time ability to "carry the
mail" before Los Angelenos, scoring
twice and leading his mates to vic
tory over ex-Trojan All-Stars, 26-7,
will be featured in the Knights of
Columbus game at Kezar Stadium
Sunday as a defensive halfback par
<excellcnce, playing with the world
champions of American football, the
Chicago Bears.
Opposition to the steam roller will
be furnished by western all-Amer
icans, some of whom were in pro
football this year.
Red Grange, who last week proved
his old-time ability to "carry the
mail" before Los Angelenos, scoring
twice and leading his mates to vic
tory over ex-Trojan All-Stars, 26-7,
will be featured in the Knights of
Columbus game at Kezar Stadium
Sunday as a defensive halfback par
<excellcnce, playing with the world
champions of American football, the
Chicago Bears.
Opposition to the steam roller will
be furnished by western all-Amer
icans, some of whom were in pro
football this year.
Red Grange, who last week proved
his old-time ability to "carry the
mail" before Los Angelenos, scoring
twice and leading his mates to vic
tory over ex-Trojan All-Stars, 26-7,
will be featured in the Knights of
Columbus game at Kezar Stadium
Sunday as a defensive halfback par
<excellcnce, playing with the world
champions of American football, the
Chicago Bears.
Opposition to the steam roller will
be furnished by western all-Amer
icans, some of whom were in pro
football this year.
Red Grange, who last week proved
his old-time ability to "carry the
mail" before Los Angelenos, scoring
twice and leading his mates to vic
tory over ex-Trojan All-Stars, 26-7,
will be featured in the Knights of
Columbus game at Kezar Stadium
Sunday as a defensive halfback par
<excellcnce, playing with the world
champions of American football, the
Chicago Bears.
Opposition to the steam roller will
be furnished by western all-Amer
icans, some of whom were in pro
football this year.
