# ENGLISH CLUB MEETING
## 
### 
The Stanford English Club will
meet tomorrow evening at 8 o'clock
at the residence of Mrs. Webster
Street, 590 Embarcadero. The presi
dent urges members to be present.
The Stanford English Club will
meet tomorrow evening at 8 o'clock
at the residence of Mrs. Webster
Street, 590 Embarcadero. The presi
dent urges members to be present.
The Stanford English Club will
meet tomorrow evening at 8 o'clock
at the residence of Mrs. Webster
Street, 590 Embarcadero. The presi
dent urges members to be present.
The Stanford English Club will
meet tomorrow evening at 8 o'clock
at the residence of Mrs. Webster
Street, 590 Embarcadero. The presi
dent urges members to be present.
The Stanford English Club will
meet tomorrow evening at 8 o'clock
at the residence of Mrs. Webster
Street, 590 Embarcadero. The presi
dent urges members to be present.
The Stanford English Club will
meet tomorrow evening at 8 o'clock
at the residence of Mrs. Webster
Street, 590 Embarcadero. The presi
dent urges members to be present.
The Stanford English Club will
meet tomorrow evening at 8 o'clock
at the residence of Mrs. Webster
Street, 590 Embarcadero. The presi
dent urges members to be present.
The Stanford English Club will
meet tomorrow evening at 8 o'clock
at the residence of Mrs. Webster
Street, 590 Embarcadero. The presi
dent urges members to be present.
The Stanford English Club will
meet tomorrow evening at 8 o'clock
at the residence of Mrs. Webster
Street, 590 Embarcadero. The presi
dent urges members to be present.
The Stanford English Club will
meet tomorrow evening at 8 o'clock
at the residence of Mrs. Webster
Street, 590 Embarcadero. The presi
dent urges members to be present.
The Stanford English Club will
meet tomorrow evening at 8 o'clock
at the residence of Mrs. Webster
Street, 590 Embarcadero. The presi
dent urges members to be present.
The Stanford English Club will
meet tomorrow evening at 8 o'clock
at the residence of Mrs. Webster
Street, 590 Embarcadero. The presi
dent urges members to be present.
The Stanford English Club will
meet tomorrow evening at 8 o'clock
at the residence of Mrs. Webster
Street, 590 Embarcadero. The presi
dent urges members to be present.
The Stanford English Club will
meet tomorrow evening at 8 o'clock
at the residence of Mrs. Webster
Street, 590 Embarcadero. The presi
dent urges members to be present.
The Stanford English Club will
meet tomorrow evening at 8 o'clock
at the residence of Mrs. Webster
Street, 590 Embarcadero. The presi
dent urges members to be present.
