# Edwin Markham Suffers Collapse in Oklahoma
## 
### 
Despite a collapse suffered on the j
stage while speaking at Oklahoma j
'City, Edwin Markham, noted Cali-|
fornia poet and author of "The Man j
with the Hoe," filled an engagement j
at the University of Oklahoma Fri
day.
Markham gpoke at Stanford last i
quarter on one of the Tuesday eve- I
ring series of lectures sponsored by j
I the Public Exercises Committee.
Despite a collapse suffered on the j
stage while speaking at Oklahoma j
'City, Edwin Markham, noted Cali-|
fornia poet and author of "The Man j
with the Hoe," filled an engagement j
at the University of Oklahoma Fri
day.
Markham gpoke at Stanford last i
quarter on one of the Tuesday eve- I
ring series of lectures sponsored by j
I the Public Exercises Committee.
Despite a collapse suffered on the j
stage while speaking at Oklahoma j
'City, Edwin Markham, noted Cali-|
fornia poet and author of "The Man j
with the Hoe," filled an engagement j
at the University of Oklahoma Fri
day.
Markham gpoke at Stanford last i
quarter on one of the Tuesday eve- I
ring series of lectures sponsored by j
I the Public Exercises Committee.
Despite a collapse suffered on the j
stage while speaking at Oklahoma j
'City, Edwin Markham, noted Cali-|
fornia poet and author of "The Man j
with the Hoe," filled an engagement j
at the University of Oklahoma Fri
day.
Markham gpoke at Stanford last i
quarter on one of the Tuesday eve- I
ring series of lectures sponsored by j
I the Public Exercises Committee.
Despite a collapse suffered on the j
stage while speaking at Oklahoma j
'City, Edwin Markham, noted Cali-|
fornia poet and author of "The Man j
with the Hoe," filled an engagement j
at the University of Oklahoma Fri
day.
Markham gpoke at Stanford last i
quarter on one of the Tuesday eve- I
ring series of lectures sponsored by j
I the Public Exercises Committee.
Despite a collapse suffered on the j
stage while speaking at Oklahoma j
'City, Edwin Markham, noted Cali-|
fornia poet and author of "The Man j
with the Hoe," filled an engagement j
at the University of Oklahoma Fri
day.
Markham gpoke at Stanford last i
quarter on one of the Tuesday eve- I
ring series of lectures sponsored by j
I the Public Exercises Committee.
Despite a collapse suffered on the j
stage while speaking at Oklahoma j
'City, Edwin Markham, noted Cali-|
fornia poet and author of "The Man j
with the Hoe," filled an engagement j
at the University of Oklahoma Fri
day.
Markham gpoke at Stanford last i
quarter on one of the Tuesday eve- I
ring series of lectures sponsored by j
I the Public Exercises Committee.
Despite a collapse suffered on the j
stage while speaking at Oklahoma j
'City, Edwin Markham, noted Cali-|
fornia poet and author of "The Man j
with the Hoe," filled an engagement j
at the University of Oklahoma Fri
day.
Markham gpoke at Stanford last i
quarter on one of the Tuesday eve- I
ring series of lectures sponsored by j
I the Public Exercises Committee.
Despite a collapse suffered on the j
stage while speaking at Oklahoma j
'City, Edwin Markham, noted Cali-|
fornia poet and author of "The Man j
with the Hoe," filled an engagement j
at the University of Oklahoma Fri
day.
Markham gpoke at Stanford last i
quarter on one of the Tuesday eve- I
ring series of lectures sponsored by j
I the Public Exercises Committee.
Despite a collapse suffered on the j
stage while speaking at Oklahoma j
'City, Edwin Markham, noted Cali-|
fornia poet and author of "The Man j
with the Hoe," filled an engagement j
at the University of Oklahoma Fri
day.
Markham gpoke at Stanford last i
quarter on one of the Tuesday eve- I
ring series of lectures sponsored by j
I the Public Exercises Committee.
Despite a collapse suffered on the j
stage while speaking at Oklahoma j
'City, Edwin Markham, noted Cali-|
fornia poet and author of "The Man j
with the Hoe," filled an engagement j
at the University of Oklahoma Fri
day.
Markham gpoke at Stanford last i
quarter on one of the Tuesday eve- I
ring series of lectures sponsored by j
I the Public Exercises Committee.
Despite a collapse suffered on the j
stage while speaking at Oklahoma j
'City, Edwin Markham, noted Cali-|
fornia poet and author of "The Man j
with the Hoe," filled an engagement j
at the University of Oklahoma Fri
day.
Markham gpoke at Stanford last i
quarter on one of the Tuesday eve- I
ring series of lectures sponsored by j
I the Public Exercises Committee.
Despite a collapse suffered on the j
stage while speaking at Oklahoma j
'City, Edwin Markham, noted Cali-|
fornia poet and author of "The Man j
with the Hoe," filled an engagement j
at the University of Oklahoma Fri
day.
Markham gpoke at Stanford last i
quarter on one of the Tuesday eve- I
ring series of lectures sponsored by j
I the Public Exercises Committee.
Despite a collapse suffered on the j
stage while speaking at Oklahoma j
'City, Edwin Markham, noted Cali-|
fornia poet and author of "The Man j
with the Hoe," filled an engagement j
at the University of Oklahoma Fri
day.
Markham gpoke at Stanford last i
quarter on one of the Tuesday eve- I
ring series of lectures sponsored by j
I the Public Exercises Committee.
Despite a collapse suffered on the j
stage while speaking at Oklahoma j
'City, Edwin Markham, noted Cali-|
fornia poet and author of "The Man j
with the Hoe," filled an engagement j
at the University of Oklahoma Fri
day.
Markham gpoke at Stanford last i
quarter on one of the Tuesday eve- I
ring series of lectures sponsored by j
I the Public Exercises Committee.
