# NEWS DIGEST from The United Press
## Lynch Trial 
### 
Anthony Cataldi, self asserted
leader of the celebrated Brooke
Hart lynching in San Jose, has at
last come up before the Santa Clara
Grand Jury. Eight eye witnesses
have been called so far, among them
a bunch of state police. The grand
jury, of course in no hurry to in
dict anyone, has made no decision
yet.
Anthony Cataldi, self asserted
leader of the celebrated Brooke
Hart lynching in San Jose, has at
last come up before the Santa Clara
Grand Jury. Eight eye witnesses
have been called so far, among them
a bunch of state police. The grand
jury, of course in no hurry to in
dict anyone, has made no decision
yet.
Anthony Cataldi, self asserted
leader of the celebrated Brooke
Hart lynching in San Jose, has at
last come up before the Santa Clara
Grand Jury. Eight eye witnesses
have been called so far, among them
a bunch of state police. The grand
jury, of course in no hurry to in
dict anyone, has made no decision
yet.
Anthony Cataldi, self asserted
leader of the celebrated Brooke
Hart lynching in San Jose, has at
last come up before the Santa Clara
Grand Jury. Eight eye witnesses
have been called so far, among them
a bunch of state police. The grand
jury, of course in no hurry to in
dict anyone, has made no decision
yet.
Anthony Cataldi, self asserted
leader of the celebrated Brooke
Hart lynching in San Jose, has at
last come up before the Santa Clara
Grand Jury. Eight eye witnesses
have been called so far, among them
a bunch of state police. The grand
jury, of course in no hurry to in
dict anyone, has made no decision
yet.
Anthony Cataldi, self asserted
leader of the celebrated Brooke
Hart lynching in San Jose, has at
last come up before the Santa Clara
Grand Jury. Eight eye witnesses
have been called so far, among them
a bunch of state police. The grand
jury, of course in no hurry to in
dict anyone, has made no decision
yet.
Anthony Cataldi, self asserted
leader of the celebrated Brooke
Hart lynching in San Jose, has at
last come up before the Santa Clara
Grand Jury. Eight eye witnesses
have been called so far, among them
a bunch of state police. The grand
jury, of course in no hurry to in
dict anyone, has made no decision
yet.
Anthony Cataldi, self asserted
leader of the celebrated Brooke
Hart lynching in San Jose, has at
last come up before the Santa Clara
Grand Jury. Eight eye witnesses
have been called so far, among them
a bunch of state police. The grand
jury, of course in no hurry to in
dict anyone, has made no decision
yet.
Anthony Cataldi, self asserted
leader of the celebrated Brooke
Hart lynching in San Jose, has at
last come up before the Santa Clara
Grand Jury. Eight eye witnesses
have been called so far, among them
a bunch of state police. The grand
jury, of course in no hurry to in
dict anyone, has made no decision
yet.
Anthony Cataldi, self asserted
leader of the celebrated Brooke
Hart lynching in San Jose, has at
last come up before the Santa Clara
Grand Jury. Eight eye witnesses
have been called so far, among them
a bunch of state police. The grand
jury, of course in no hurry to in
dict anyone, has made no decision
yet.
Anthony Cataldi, self asserted
leader of the celebrated Brooke
Hart lynching in San Jose, has at
last come up before the Santa Clara
Grand Jury. Eight eye witnesses
have been called so far, among them
a bunch of state police. The grand
jury, of course in no hurry to in
dict anyone, has made no decision
yet.
Anthony Cataldi, self asserted
leader of the celebrated Brooke
Hart lynching in San Jose, has at
last come up before the Santa Clara
Grand Jury. Eight eye witnesses
have been called so far, among them
a bunch of state police. The grand
jury, of course in no hurry to in
dict anyone, has made no decision
yet.
Anthony Cataldi, self asserted
leader of the celebrated Brooke
Hart lynching in San Jose, has at
last come up before the Santa Clara
Grand Jury. Eight eye witnesses
have been called so far, among them
a bunch of state police. The grand
jury, of course in no hurry to in
dict anyone, has made no decision
yet.
Anthony Cataldi, self asserted
leader of the celebrated Brooke
Hart lynching in San Jose, has at
last come up before the Santa Clara
Grand Jury. Eight eye witnesses
have been called so far, among them
a bunch of state police. The grand
jury, of course in no hurry to in
dict anyone, has made no decision
yet.
Anthony Cataldi, self asserted
leader of the celebrated Brooke
Hart lynching in San Jose, has at
last come up before the Santa Clara
Grand Jury. Eight eye witnesses
have been called so far, among them
a bunch of state police. The grand
jury, of course in no hurry to in
dict anyone, has made no decision
yet.
