# R.O.T.C. DISMISSED
## 
### 
There will be no R.O.T.C. practi
cal work Saturday or Monday.

A gold strike about 150 miles north
of Vancouver, 8.C., is reported to
I have caused a rush for claims.
There will be no R.O.T.C. practi
cal work Saturday or Monday.

A gold strike about 150 miles north
of Vancouver, 8.C., is reported to
I have caused a rush for claims.
There will be no R.O.T.C. practi
cal work Saturday or Monday.

A gold strike about 150 miles north
of Vancouver, 8.C., is reported to
I have caused a rush for claims.
There will be no R.O.T.C. practi
cal work Saturday or Monday.

A gold strike about 150 miles north
of Vancouver, 8.C., is reported to
I have caused a rush for claims.
There will be no R.O.T.C. practi
cal work Saturday or Monday.

A gold strike about 150 miles north
of Vancouver, 8.C., is reported to
I have caused a rush for claims.
There will be no R.O.T.C. practi
cal work Saturday or Monday.

A gold strike about 150 miles north
of Vancouver, 8.C., is reported to
I have caused a rush for claims.
There will be no R.O.T.C. practi
cal work Saturday or Monday.

A gold strike about 150 miles north
of Vancouver, 8.C., is reported to
I have caused a rush for claims.
There will be no R.O.T.C. practi
cal work Saturday or Monday.

A gold strike about 150 miles north
of Vancouver, 8.C., is reported to
I have caused a rush for claims.
There will be no R.O.T.C. practi
cal work Saturday or Monday.

A gold strike about 150 miles north
of Vancouver, 8.C., is reported to
I have caused a rush for claims.
There will be no R.O.T.C. practi
cal work Saturday or Monday.

A gold strike about 150 miles north
of Vancouver, 8.C., is reported to
I have caused a rush for claims.
There will be no R.O.T.C. practi
cal work Saturday or Monday.

A gold strike about 150 miles north
of Vancouver, 8.C., is reported to
I have caused a rush for claims.
There will be no R.O.T.C. practi
cal work Saturday or Monday.

A gold strike about 150 miles north
of Vancouver, 8.C., is reported to
I have caused a rush for claims.
There will be no R.O.T.C. practi
cal work Saturday or Monday.

A gold strike about 150 miles north
of Vancouver, 8.C., is reported to
I have caused a rush for claims.
There will be no R.O.T.C. practi
cal work Saturday or Monday.

A gold strike about 150 miles north
of Vancouver, 8.C., is reported to
I have caused a rush for claims.
There will be no R.O.T.C. practi
cal work Saturday or Monday.

A gold strike about 150 miles north
of Vancouver, 8.C., is reported to
I have caused a rush for claims.
