# HITCHCOCK LOSES BOUT TO KINKEAD IN PRELIMINARIES
## Brassett, McCullom Down Opponents; Finals To Be Held Tonight 
### 
Featured by a nine-minute bout
between Allan Kinkead and John
Hitchcock, in which Kinkead fought
an uphill light to take the fall, pre
liminaries in the first University
wrestling tourney were run off yes
terday afternoon in Encina gym.
Kinkead in his bout had things
decidedly against him until the last
minute when he clamped a half-
Nelson on Hitchcock to take the
match. The men wrestled at 145
pounds.
Other results were as follows: 125
pounds, Brassett defeated Hines with
a half-Nelson in 6 minutes, and Mc-
Cullum took a fall from Wright after
being behind for 4 minutes. In the
135-pound class Seaman defeated
James in IV2 minutes. In the other
145-pound bout Taylor won a hard
fought contest from Pete Ting in 7
minutes.
In the comedy bout of the after
noon Bill Woods lost to Kelly Woods
after 8 minutes of grunting and
straining. During the match Bill
Woods also lost his trunks at one
stage of the furious battle.
McCullum also fought in the 135-
pound division and took a quick 2-
minute fall from Wayne.
Preliminaries in the 175 and un
limited classes were not held and
will be run in with the final bouts
this evening at 8 o'clock in Encina
gym, to which the public is invited.
Coach Ted Hill acted as referee
and Myron Spraguc served as timer.
Featured by a nine-minute bout
between Allan Kinkead and John
Hitchcock, in which Kinkead fought
an uphill light to take the fall, pre
liminaries in the first University
wrestling tourney were run off yes
terday afternoon in Encina gym.
Kinkead in his bout had things
decidedly against him until the last
minute when he clamped a half-
Nelson on Hitchcock to take the
match. The men wrestled at 145
pounds.
Other results were as follows: 125
pounds, Brassett defeated Hines with
a half-Nelson in 6 minutes, and Mc-
Cullum took a fall from Wright after
being behind for 4 minutes. In the
135-pound class Seaman defeated
James in IV2 minutes. In the other
145-pound bout Taylor won a hard
fought contest from Pete Ting in 7
minutes.
In the comedy bout of the after
noon Bill Woods lost to Kelly Woods
after 8 minutes of grunting and
straining. During the match Bill
Woods also lost his trunks at one
stage of the furious battle.
McCullum also fought in the 135-
pound division and took a quick 2-
minute fall from Wayne.
Preliminaries in the 175 and un
limited classes were not held and
will be run in with the final bouts
this evening at 8 o'clock in Encina
gym, to which the public is invited.
Coach Ted Hill acted as referee
and Myron Spraguc served as timer.
Featured by a nine-minute bout
between Allan Kinkead and John
Hitchcock, in which Kinkead fought
an uphill light to take the fall, pre
liminaries in the first University
wrestling tourney were run off yes
terday afternoon in Encina gym.
Kinkead in his bout had things
decidedly against him until the last
minute when he clamped a half-
Nelson on Hitchcock to take the
match. The men wrestled at 145
pounds.
Other results were as follows: 125
pounds, Brassett defeated Hines with
a half-Nelson in 6 minutes, and Mc-
Cullum took a fall from Wright after
being behind for 4 minutes. In the
135-pound class Seaman defeated
James in IV2 minutes. In the other
145-pound bout Taylor won a hard
fought contest from Pete Ting in 7
minutes.
In the comedy bout of the after
noon Bill Woods lost to Kelly Woods
after 8 minutes of grunting and
straining. During the match Bill
Woods also lost his trunks at one
stage of the furious battle.
McCullum also fought in the 135-
pound division and took a quick 2-
minute fall from Wayne.
Preliminaries in the 175 and un
limited classes were not held and
will be run in with the final bouts
this evening at 8 o'clock in Encina
gym, to which the public is invited.
Coach Ted Hill acted as referee
and Myron Spraguc served as timer.
Featured by a nine-minute bout
between Allan Kinkead and John
Hitchcock, in which Kinkead fought
an uphill light to take the fall, pre
liminaries in the first University
wrestling tourney were run off yes
terday afternoon in Encina gym.
Kinkead in his bout had things
decidedly against him until the last
minute when he clamped a half-
Nelson on Hitchcock to take the
match. The men wrestled at 145
pounds.
Other results were as follows: 125
pounds, Brassett defeated Hines with
a half-Nelson in 6 minutes, and Mc-
Cullum took a fall from Wright after
being behind for 4 minutes. In the
135-pound class Seaman defeated
James in IV2 minutes. In the other
145-pound bout Taylor won a hard
fought contest from Pete Ting in 7
minutes.
In the comedy bout of the after
noon Bill Woods lost to Kelly Woods
after 8 minutes of grunting and
straining. During the match Bill
Woods also lost his trunks at one
stage of the furious battle.
McCullum also fought in the 135-
pound division and took a quick 2-
minute fall from Wayne.
Preliminaries in the 175 and un
limited classes were not held and
will be run in with the final bouts
this evening at 8 o'clock in Encina
gym, to which the public is invited.
Coach Ted Hill acted as referee
and Myron Spraguc served as timer.
Featured by a nine-minute bout
between Allan Kinkead and John
Hitchcock, in which Kinkead fought
an uphill light to take the fall, pre
liminaries in the first University
wrestling tourney were run off yes
terday afternoon in Encina gym.
Kinkead in his bout had things
decidedly against him until the last
minute when he clamped a half-
Nelson on Hitchcock to take the
match. The men wrestled at 145
pounds.
Other results were as follows: 125
pounds, Brassett defeated Hines with
a half-Nelson in 6 minutes, and Mc-
Cullum took a fall from Wright after
being behind for 4 minutes. In the
135-pound class Seaman defeated
James in IV2 minutes. In the other
145-pound bout Taylor won a hard
fought contest from Pete Ting in 7
minutes.
In the comedy bout of the after
noon Bill Woods lost to Kelly Woods
after 8 minutes of grunting and
straining. During the match Bill
Woods also lost his trunks at one
stage of the furious battle.
McCullum also fought in the 135-
pound division and took a quick 2-
minute fall from Wayne.
Preliminaries in the 175 and un
limited classes were not held and
will be run in with the final bouts
this evening at 8 o'clock in Encina
gym, to which the public is invited.
Coach Ted Hill acted as referee
and Myron Spraguc served as timer.
Featured by a nine-minute bout
between Allan Kinkead and John
Hitchcock, in which Kinkead fought
an uphill light to take the fall, pre
liminaries in the first University
wrestling tourney were run off yes
terday afternoon in Encina gym.
Kinkead in his bout had things
decidedly against him until the last
minute when he clamped a half-
Nelson on Hitchcock to take the
match. The men wrestled at 145
pounds.
Other results were as follows: 125
pounds, Brassett defeated Hines with
a half-Nelson in 6 minutes, and Mc-
Cullum took a fall from Wright after
being behind for 4 minutes. In the
135-pound class Seaman defeated
James in IV2 minutes. In the other
145-pound bout Taylor won a hard
fought contest from Pete Ting in 7
minutes.
In the comedy bout of the after
noon Bill Woods lost to Kelly Woods
after 8 minutes of grunting and
straining. During the match Bill
Woods also lost his trunks at one
stage of the furious battle.
McCullum also fought in the 135-
pound division and took a quick 2-
minute fall from Wayne.
Preliminaries in the 175 and un
limited classes were not held and
will be run in with the final bouts
this evening at 8 o'clock in Encina
gym, to which the public is invited.
Coach Ted Hill acted as referee
and Myron Spraguc served as timer.
Featured by a nine-minute bout
between Allan Kinkead and John
Hitchcock, in which Kinkead fought
an uphill light to take the fall, pre
liminaries in the first University
wrestling tourney were run off yes
terday afternoon in Encina gym.
Kinkead in his bout had things
decidedly against him until the last
minute when he clamped a half-
Nelson on Hitchcock to take the
match. The men wrestled at 145
pounds.
Other results were as follows: 125
pounds, Brassett defeated Hines with
a half-Nelson in 6 minutes, and Mc-
Cullum took a fall from Wright after
being behind for 4 minutes. In the
135-pound class Seaman defeated
James in IV2 minutes. In the other
145-pound bout Taylor won a hard
fought contest from Pete Ting in 7
minutes.
In the comedy bout of the after
noon Bill Woods lost to Kelly Woods
after 8 minutes of grunting and
straining. During the match Bill
Woods also lost his trunks at one
stage of the furious battle.
McCullum also fought in the 135-
pound division and took a quick 2-
minute fall from Wayne.
Preliminaries in the 175 and un
limited classes were not held and
will be run in with the final bouts
this evening at 8 o'clock in Encina
gym, to which the public is invited.
Coach Ted Hill acted as referee
and Myron Spraguc served as timer.
Featured by a nine-minute bout
between Allan Kinkead and John
Hitchcock, in which Kinkead fought
an uphill light to take the fall, pre
liminaries in the first University
wrestling tourney were run off yes
terday afternoon in Encina gym.
Kinkead in his bout had things
decidedly against him until the last
minute when he clamped a half-
Nelson on Hitchcock to take the
match. The men wrestled at 145
pounds.
Other results were as follows: 125
pounds, Brassett defeated Hines with
a half-Nelson in 6 minutes, and Mc-
Cullum took a fall from Wright after
being behind for 4 minutes. In the
135-pound class Seaman defeated
James in IV2 minutes. In the other
145-pound bout Taylor won a hard
fought contest from Pete Ting in 7
minutes.
In the comedy bout of the after
noon Bill Woods lost to Kelly Woods
after 8 minutes of grunting and
straining. During the match Bill
Woods also lost his trunks at one
stage of the furious battle.
McCullum also fought in the 135-
pound division and took a quick 2-
minute fall from Wayne.
Preliminaries in the 175 and un
limited classes were not held and
will be run in with the final bouts
this evening at 8 o'clock in Encina
gym, to which the public is invited.
Coach Ted Hill acted as referee
and Myron Spraguc served as timer.
Featured by a nine-minute bout
between Allan Kinkead and John
Hitchcock, in which Kinkead fought
an uphill light to take the fall, pre
liminaries in the first University
wrestling tourney were run off yes
terday afternoon in Encina gym.
Kinkead in his bout had things
decidedly against him until the last
minute when he clamped a half-
Nelson on Hitchcock to take the
match. The men wrestled at 145
pounds.
Other results were as follows: 125
pounds, Brassett defeated Hines with
a half-Nelson in 6 minutes, and Mc-
Cullum took a fall from Wright after
being behind for 4 minutes. In the
135-pound class Seaman defeated
James in IV2 minutes. In the other
145-pound bout Taylor won a hard
fought contest from Pete Ting in 7
minutes.
In the comedy bout of the after
noon Bill Woods lost to Kelly Woods
after 8 minutes of grunting and
straining. During the match Bill
Woods also lost his trunks at one
stage of the furious battle.
McCullum also fought in the 135-
pound division and took a quick 2-
minute fall from Wayne.
Preliminaries in the 175 and un
limited classes were not held and
will be run in with the final bouts
this evening at 8 o'clock in Encina
gym, to which the public is invited.
Coach Ted Hill acted as referee
and Myron Spraguc served as timer.
Featured by a nine-minute bout
between Allan Kinkead and John
Hitchcock, in which Kinkead fought
an uphill light to take the fall, pre
liminaries in the first University
wrestling tourney were run off yes
terday afternoon in Encina gym.
Kinkead in his bout had things
decidedly against him until the last
minute when he clamped a half-
Nelson on Hitchcock to take the
match. The men wrestled at 145
pounds.
Other results were as follows: 125
pounds, Brassett defeated Hines with
a half-Nelson in 6 minutes, and Mc-
Cullum took a fall from Wright after
being behind for 4 minutes. In the
135-pound class Seaman defeated
James in IV2 minutes. In the other
145-pound bout Taylor won a hard
fought contest from Pete Ting in 7
minutes.
In the comedy bout of the after
noon Bill Woods lost to Kelly Woods
after 8 minutes of grunting and
straining. During the match Bill
Woods also lost his trunks at one
stage of the furious battle.
McCullum also fought in the 135-
pound division and took a quick 2-
minute fall from Wayne.
Preliminaries in the 175 and un
limited classes were not held and
will be run in with the final bouts
this evening at 8 o'clock in Encina
gym, to which the public is invited.
Coach Ted Hill acted as referee
and Myron Spraguc served as timer.
Featured by a nine-minute bout
between Allan Kinkead and John
Hitchcock, in which Kinkead fought
an uphill light to take the fall, pre
liminaries in the first University
wrestling tourney were run off yes
terday afternoon in Encina gym.
Kinkead in his bout had things
decidedly against him until the last
minute when he clamped a half-
Nelson on Hitchcock to take the
match. The men wrestled at 145
pounds.
Other results were as follows: 125
pounds, Brassett defeated Hines with
a half-Nelson in 6 minutes, and Mc-
Cullum took a fall from Wright after
being behind for 4 minutes. In the
135-pound class Seaman defeated
James in IV2 minutes. In the other
145-pound bout Taylor won a hard
fought contest from Pete Ting in 7
minutes.
In the comedy bout of the after
noon Bill Woods lost to Kelly Woods
after 8 minutes of grunting and
straining. During the match Bill
Woods also lost his trunks at one
stage of the furious battle.
McCullum also fought in the 135-
pound division and took a quick 2-
minute fall from Wayne.
Preliminaries in the 175 and un
limited classes were not held and
will be run in with the final bouts
this evening at 8 o'clock in Encina
gym, to which the public is invited.
Coach Ted Hill acted as referee
and Myron Spraguc served as timer.
Featured by a nine-minute bout
between Allan Kinkead and John
Hitchcock, in which Kinkead fought
an uphill light to take the fall, pre
liminaries in the first University
wrestling tourney were run off yes
terday afternoon in Encina gym.
Kinkead in his bout had things
decidedly against him until the last
minute when he clamped a half-
Nelson on Hitchcock to take the
match. The men wrestled at 145
pounds.
Other results were as follows: 125
pounds, Brassett defeated Hines with
a half-Nelson in 6 minutes, and Mc-
Cullum took a fall from Wright after
being behind for 4 minutes. In the
135-pound class Seaman defeated
James in IV2 minutes. In the other
145-pound bout Taylor won a hard
fought contest from Pete Ting in 7
minutes.
In the comedy bout of the after
noon Bill Woods lost to Kelly Woods
after 8 minutes of grunting and
straining. During the match Bill
Woods also lost his trunks at one
stage of the furious battle.
McCullum also fought in the 135-
pound division and took a quick 2-
minute fall from Wayne.
Preliminaries in the 175 and un
limited classes were not held and
will be run in with the final bouts
this evening at 8 o'clock in Encina
gym, to which the public is invited.
Coach Ted Hill acted as referee
and Myron Spraguc served as timer.
Featured by a nine-minute bout
between Allan Kinkead and John
Hitchcock, in which Kinkead fought
an uphill light to take the fall, pre
liminaries in the first University
wrestling tourney were run off yes
terday afternoon in Encina gym.
Kinkead in his bout had things
decidedly against him until the last
minute when he clamped a half-
Nelson on Hitchcock to take the
match. The men wrestled at 145
pounds.
Other results were as follows: 125
pounds, Brassett defeated Hines with
a half-Nelson in 6 minutes, and Mc-
Cullum took a fall from Wright after
being behind for 4 minutes. In the
135-pound class Seaman defeated
James in IV2 minutes. In the other
145-pound bout Taylor won a hard
fought contest from Pete Ting in 7
minutes.
In the comedy bout of the after
noon Bill Woods lost to Kelly Woods
after 8 minutes of grunting and
straining. During the match Bill
Woods also lost his trunks at one
stage of the furious battle.
McCullum also fought in the 135-
pound division and took a quick 2-
minute fall from Wayne.
Preliminaries in the 175 and un
limited classes were not held and
will be run in with the final bouts
this evening at 8 o'clock in Encina
gym, to which the public is invited.
Coach Ted Hill acted as referee
and Myron Spraguc served as timer.
Featured by a nine-minute bout
between Allan Kinkead and John
Hitchcock, in which Kinkead fought
an uphill light to take the fall, pre
liminaries in the first University
wrestling tourney were run off yes
terday afternoon in Encina gym.
Kinkead in his bout had things
decidedly against him until the last
minute when he clamped a half-
Nelson on Hitchcock to take the
match. The men wrestled at 145
pounds.
Other results were as follows: 125
pounds, Brassett defeated Hines with
a half-Nelson in 6 minutes, and Mc-
Cullum took a fall from Wright after
being behind for 4 minutes. In the
135-pound class Seaman defeated
James in IV2 minutes. In the other
145-pound bout Taylor won a hard
fought contest from Pete Ting in 7
minutes.
In the comedy bout of the after
noon Bill Woods lost to Kelly Woods
after 8 minutes of grunting and
straining. During the match Bill
Woods also lost his trunks at one
stage of the furious battle.
McCullum also fought in the 135-
pound division and took a quick 2-
minute fall from Wayne.
Preliminaries in the 175 and un
limited classes were not held and
will be run in with the final bouts
this evening at 8 o'clock in Encina
gym, to which the public is invited.
Coach Ted Hill acted as referee
and Myron Spraguc served as timer.
Featured by a nine-minute bout
between Allan Kinkead and John
Hitchcock, in which Kinkead fought
an uphill light to take the fall, pre
liminaries in the first University
wrestling tourney were run off yes
terday afternoon in Encina gym.
Kinkead in his bout had things
decidedly against him until the last
minute when he clamped a half-
Nelson on Hitchcock to take the
match. The men wrestled at 145
pounds.
Other results were as follows: 125
pounds, Brassett defeated Hines with
a half-Nelson in 6 minutes, and Mc-
Cullum took a fall from Wright after
being behind for 4 minutes. In the
135-pound class Seaman defeated
James in IV2 minutes. In the other
145-pound bout Taylor won a hard
fought contest from Pete Ting in 7
minutes.
In the comedy bout of the after
noon Bill Woods lost to Kelly Woods
after 8 minutes of grunting and
straining. During the match Bill
Woods also lost his trunks at one
stage of the furious battle.
McCullum also fought in the 135-
pound division and took a quick 2-
minute fall from Wayne.
Preliminaries in the 175 and un
limited classes were not held and
will be run in with the final bouts
this evening at 8 o'clock in Encina
gym, to which the public is invited.
Coach Ted Hill acted as referee
and Myron Spraguc served as timer.
