# ROBLE CLUB TO HOLD INFORMAL TOMORROW
## 
### 
Roble lobby will be converted into
(he salon of a pleasure yacht tomor
row night when Hoble Club holds its
annual Spring Informal Dance. Herb
Shapiro and his Cardinals will fur
nish (he music.
Patrons and patronesses for the
dance will be: Miss Anastasia
Doyle, Miss Christine Ricker, Mr.
Bernard F. Haley, Miss Guenn Ha
ley, Mr. Theodore Boggs.
Roble lobby will be converted into
(he salon of a pleasure yacht tomor
row night when Hoble Club holds its
annual Spring Informal Dance. Herb
Shapiro and his Cardinals will fur
nish (he music.
Patrons and patronesses for the
dance will be: Miss Anastasia
Doyle, Miss Christine Ricker, Mr.
Bernard F. Haley, Miss Guenn Ha
ley, Mr. Theodore Boggs.
Roble lobby will be converted into
(he salon of a pleasure yacht tomor
row night when Hoble Club holds its
annual Spring Informal Dance. Herb
Shapiro and his Cardinals will fur
nish (he music.
Patrons and patronesses for the
dance will be: Miss Anastasia
Doyle, Miss Christine Ricker, Mr.
Bernard F. Haley, Miss Guenn Ha
ley, Mr. Theodore Boggs.
Roble lobby will be converted into
(he salon of a pleasure yacht tomor
row night when Hoble Club holds its
annual Spring Informal Dance. Herb
Shapiro and his Cardinals will fur
nish (he music.
Patrons and patronesses for the
dance will be: Miss Anastasia
Doyle, Miss Christine Ricker, Mr.
Bernard F. Haley, Miss Guenn Ha
ley, Mr. Theodore Boggs.
Roble lobby will be converted into
(he salon of a pleasure yacht tomor
row night when Hoble Club holds its
annual Spring Informal Dance. Herb
Shapiro and his Cardinals will fur
nish (he music.
Patrons and patronesses for the
dance will be: Miss Anastasia
Doyle, Miss Christine Ricker, Mr.
Bernard F. Haley, Miss Guenn Ha
ley, Mr. Theodore Boggs.
Roble lobby will be converted into
(he salon of a pleasure yacht tomor
row night when Hoble Club holds its
annual Spring Informal Dance. Herb
Shapiro and his Cardinals will fur
nish (he music.
Patrons and patronesses for the
dance will be: Miss Anastasia
Doyle, Miss Christine Ricker, Mr.
Bernard F. Haley, Miss Guenn Ha
ley, Mr. Theodore Boggs.
Roble lobby will be converted into
(he salon of a pleasure yacht tomor
row night when Hoble Club holds its
annual Spring Informal Dance. Herb
Shapiro and his Cardinals will fur
nish (he music.
Patrons and patronesses for the
dance will be: Miss Anastasia
Doyle, Miss Christine Ricker, Mr.
Bernard F. Haley, Miss Guenn Ha
ley, Mr. Theodore Boggs.
Roble lobby will be converted into
(he salon of a pleasure yacht tomor
row night when Hoble Club holds its
annual Spring Informal Dance. Herb
Shapiro and his Cardinals will fur
nish (he music.
Patrons and patronesses for the
dance will be: Miss Anastasia
Doyle, Miss Christine Ricker, Mr.
Bernard F. Haley, Miss Guenn Ha
ley, Mr. Theodore Boggs.
Roble lobby will be converted into
(he salon of a pleasure yacht tomor
row night when Hoble Club holds its
annual Spring Informal Dance. Herb
Shapiro and his Cardinals will fur
nish (he music.
Patrons and patronesses for the
dance will be: Miss Anastasia
Doyle, Miss Christine Ricker, Mr.
Bernard F. Haley, Miss Guenn Ha
ley, Mr. Theodore Boggs.
Roble lobby will be converted into
(he salon of a pleasure yacht tomor
row night when Hoble Club holds its
annual Spring Informal Dance. Herb
Shapiro and his Cardinals will fur
nish (he music.
Patrons and patronesses for the
dance will be: Miss Anastasia
Doyle, Miss Christine Ricker, Mr.
Bernard F. Haley, Miss Guenn Ha
ley, Mr. Theodore Boggs.
Roble lobby will be converted into
(he salon of a pleasure yacht tomor
row night when Hoble Club holds its
annual Spring Informal Dance. Herb
Shapiro and his Cardinals will fur
nish (he music.
Patrons and patronesses for the
dance will be: Miss Anastasia
Doyle, Miss Christine Ricker, Mr.
Bernard F. Haley, Miss Guenn Ha
ley, Mr. Theodore Boggs.
Roble lobby will be converted into
(he salon of a pleasure yacht tomor
row night when Hoble Club holds its
annual Spring Informal Dance. Herb
Shapiro and his Cardinals will fur
nish (he music.
Patrons and patronesses for the
dance will be: Miss Anastasia
Doyle, Miss Christine Ricker, Mr.
Bernard F. Haley, Miss Guenn Ha
ley, Mr. Theodore Boggs.
Roble lobby will be converted into
(he salon of a pleasure yacht tomor
row night when Hoble Club holds its
annual Spring Informal Dance. Herb
Shapiro and his Cardinals will fur
nish (he music.
Patrons and patronesses for the
dance will be: Miss Anastasia
Doyle, Miss Christine Ricker, Mr.
Bernard F. Haley, Miss Guenn Ha
ley, Mr. Theodore Boggs.
Roble lobby will be converted into
(he salon of a pleasure yacht tomor
row night when Hoble Club holds its
annual Spring Informal Dance. Herb
Shapiro and his Cardinals will fur
nish (he music.
Patrons and patronesses for the
dance will be: Miss Anastasia
Doyle, Miss Christine Ricker, Mr.
Bernard F. Haley, Miss Guenn Ha
ley, Mr. Theodore Boggs.
Roble lobby will be converted into
(he salon of a pleasure yacht tomor
row night when Hoble Club holds its
annual Spring Informal Dance. Herb
Shapiro and his Cardinals will fur
nish (he music.
Patrons and patronesses for the
dance will be: Miss Anastasia
Doyle, Miss Christine Ricker, Mr.
Bernard F. Haley, Miss Guenn Ha
ley, Mr. Theodore Boggs.
