# SOCCER GAME POSTPONED ON ACCOUNT OF WEATHER.
## 
### 
Owing to the inclemency of the
weather, the soccer game scheduled
for this afternoon between the Gym
nasium Soccer Team and the soldiers,
was postponed. Whether or not this
game will be played off has not been
decided as the local team has practi
cally all available dates filled up
There wil be no game Saturday on
account of the Freshman game, but
during the following week the team
will meet the Oaklands on their
grounda.
After tying the Thistles, the strong
est team in the league, it is expected
by soccer enthusiasts that the Stan
ford players will give a good account
of themselves when they meet the
other aggregations. The local team is
scheduled for fourteen more matches
this season.
