# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
VALIANT, '64. 2 dr. sedan
3 yrs. on warranty, new tires
$1195 326-0877
PACKARD, '53 Owner leaving
area. BEST OFFER. Call 322-
7130 ot 321-2300 ext. 4817
TOWNHOUSES
TOWNHOUSES
TOWNHOUSES
Only 5 minutes from downtown
Palo Alto, a unique, new apart
ment community with two and
three bedroom townhouses from
$108 per mo. But hurry, they're
going fast!
321-7141
2 BR APTS
Near Stanford. Putting green,
recreation room, swimming.
Reservations being taken for
leases starting September.
326-9881
VALIANT, '64. 2 dr. sedan
3 yrs. on warranty, new tires
$1195 326-0877
PACKARD, '53 Owner leaving
area. BEST OFFER. Call 322-
7130 ot 321-2300 ext. 4817
TOWNHOUSES
TOWNHOUSES
TOWNHOUSES
Only 5 minutes from downtown
Palo Alto, a unique, new apart
ment community with two and
three bedroom townhouses from
$108 per mo. But hurry, they're
going fast!
321-7141
2 BR APTS
Near Stanford. Putting green,
recreation room, swimming.
Reservations being taken for
leases starting September.
326-9881
VALIANT, '64. 2 dr. sedan
3 yrs. on warranty, new tires
$1195 326-0877
PACKARD, '53 Owner leaving
area. BEST OFFER. Call 322-
7130 ot 321-2300 ext. 4817
TOWNHOUSES
TOWNHOUSES
TOWNHOUSES
Only 5 minutes from downtown
Palo Alto, a unique, new apart
ment community with two and
three bedroom townhouses from
$108 per mo. But hurry, they're
going fast!
321-7141
2 BR APTS
Near Stanford. Putting green,
recreation room, swimming.
Reservations being taken for
leases starting September.
326-9881
VALIANT, '64. 2 dr. sedan
3 yrs. on warranty, new tires
$1195 326-0877
PACKARD, '53 Owner leaving
area. BEST OFFER. Call 322-
7130 ot 321-2300 ext. 4817
TOWNHOUSES
TOWNHOUSES
TOWNHOUSES
Only 5 minutes from downtown
Palo Alto, a unique, new apart
ment community with two and
three bedroom townhouses from
$108 per mo. But hurry, they're
going fast!
321-7141
2 BR APTS
Near Stanford. Putting green,
recreation room, swimming.
Reservations being taken for
leases starting September.
326-9881
VALIANT, '64. 2 dr. sedan
3 yrs. on warranty, new tires
$1195 326-0877
PACKARD, '53 Owner leaving
area. BEST OFFER. Call 322-
7130 ot 321-2300 ext. 4817
TOWNHOUSES
TOWNHOUSES
TOWNHOUSES
Only 5 minutes from downtown
Palo Alto, a unique, new apart
ment community with two and
three bedroom townhouses from
$108 per mo. But hurry, they're
going fast!
321-7141
2 BR APTS
Near Stanford. Putting green,
recreation room, swimming.
Reservations being taken for
leases starting September.
326-9881
VALIANT, '64. 2 dr. sedan
3 yrs. on warranty, new tires
$1195 326-0877
PACKARD, '53 Owner leaving
area. BEST OFFER. Call 322-
7130 ot 321-2300 ext. 4817
TOWNHOUSES
TOWNHOUSES
TOWNHOUSES
Only 5 minutes from downtown
Palo Alto, a unique, new apart
ment community with two and
three bedroom townhouses from
$108 per mo. But hurry, they're
going fast!
321-7141
2 BR APTS
Near Stanford. Putting green,
recreation room, swimming.
Reservations being taken for
leases starting September.
326-9881
VALIANT, '64. 2 dr. sedan
3 yrs. on warranty, new tires
$1195 326-0877
PACKARD, '53 Owner leaving
area. BEST OFFER. Call 322-
7130 ot 321-2300 ext. 4817
TOWNHOUSES
TOWNHOUSES
TOWNHOUSES
Only 5 minutes from downtown
Palo Alto, a unique, new apart
ment community with two and
three bedroom townhouses from
$108 per mo. But hurry, they're
going fast!
321-7141
2 BR APTS
Near Stanford. Putting green,
recreation room, swimming.
Reservations being taken for
leases starting September.
326-9881
VALIANT, '64. 2 dr. sedan
3 yrs. on warranty, new tires
$1195 326-0877
PACKARD, '53 Owner leaving
area. BEST OFFER. Call 322-
7130 ot 321-2300 ext. 4817
TOWNHOUSES
TOWNHOUSES
TOWNHOUSES
Only 5 minutes from downtown
Palo Alto, a unique, new apart
ment community with two and
three bedroom townhouses from
$108 per mo. But hurry, they're
going fast!
321-7141
2 BR APTS
Near Stanford. Putting green,
recreation room, swimming.
Reservations being taken for
leases starting September.
326-9881
VALIANT, '64. 2 dr. sedan
3 yrs. on warranty, new tires
$1195 326-0877
PACKARD, '53 Owner leaving
area. BEST OFFER. Call 322-
7130 ot 321-2300 ext. 4817
TOWNHOUSES
TOWNHOUSES
TOWNHOUSES
Only 5 minutes from downtown
Palo Alto, a unique, new apart
ment community with two and
three bedroom townhouses from
$108 per mo. But hurry, they're
going fast!
321-7141
2 BR APTS
Near Stanford. Putting green,
recreation room, swimming.
Reservations being taken for
leases starting September.
326-9881
VALIANT, '64. 2 dr. sedan
3 yrs. on warranty, new tires
$1195 326-0877
PACKARD, '53 Owner leaving
area. BEST OFFER. Call 322-
7130 ot 321-2300 ext. 4817
TOWNHOUSES
TOWNHOUSES
TOWNHOUSES
Only 5 minutes from downtown
Palo Alto, a unique, new apart
ment community with two and
three bedroom townhouses from
$108 per mo. But hurry, they're
going fast!
321-7141
2 BR APTS
Near Stanford. Putting green,
recreation room, swimming.
Reservations being taken for
leases starting September.
326-9881
VALIANT, '64. 2 dr. sedan
3 yrs. on warranty, new tires
$1195 326-0877
PACKARD, '53 Owner leaving
area. BEST OFFER. Call 322-
7130 ot 321-2300 ext. 4817
TOWNHOUSES
TOWNHOUSES
TOWNHOUSES
Only 5 minutes from downtown
Palo Alto, a unique, new apart
ment community with two and
three bedroom townhouses from
$108 per mo. But hurry, they're
going fast!
321-7141
2 BR APTS
Near Stanford. Putting green,
recreation room, swimming.
Reservations being taken for
leases starting September.
326-9881
VALIANT, '64. 2 dr. sedan
3 yrs. on warranty, new tires
$1195 326-0877
PACKARD, '53 Owner leaving
area. BEST OFFER. Call 322-
7130 ot 321-2300 ext. 4817
TOWNHOUSES
TOWNHOUSES
TOWNHOUSES
Only 5 minutes from downtown
Palo Alto, a unique, new apart
ment community with two and
three bedroom townhouses from
$108 per mo. But hurry, they're
going fast!
321-7141
2 BR APTS
Near Stanford. Putting green,
recreation room, swimming.
Reservations being taken for
leases starting September.
326-9881
VALIANT, '64. 2 dr. sedan
3 yrs. on warranty, new tires
$1195 326-0877
PACKARD, '53 Owner leaving
area. BEST OFFER. Call 322-
7130 ot 321-2300 ext. 4817
TOWNHOUSES
TOWNHOUSES
TOWNHOUSES
Only 5 minutes from downtown
Palo Alto, a unique, new apart
ment community with two and
three bedroom townhouses from
$108 per mo. But hurry, they're
going fast!
321-7141
2 BR APTS
Near Stanford. Putting green,
recreation room, swimming.
Reservations being taken for
leases starting September.
326-9881
VALIANT, '64. 2 dr. sedan
3 yrs. on warranty, new tires
$1195 326-0877
PACKARD, '53 Owner leaving
area. BEST OFFER. Call 322-
7130 ot 321-2300 ext. 4817
TOWNHOUSES
TOWNHOUSES
TOWNHOUSES
Only 5 minutes from downtown
Palo Alto, a unique, new apart
ment community with two and
three bedroom townhouses from
$108 per mo. But hurry, they're
going fast!
321-7141
2 BR APTS
Near Stanford. Putting green,
recreation room, swimming.
Reservations being taken for
leases starting September.
326-9881
VALIANT, '64. 2 dr. sedan
3 yrs. on warranty, new tires
$1195 326-0877
PACKARD, '53 Owner leaving
area. BEST OFFER. Call 322-
7130 ot 321-2300 ext. 4817
TOWNHOUSES
TOWNHOUSES
TOWNHOUSES
Only 5 minutes from downtown
Palo Alto, a unique, new apart
ment community with two and
three bedroom townhouses from
$108 per mo. But hurry, they're
going fast!
321-7141
2 BR APTS
Near Stanford. Putting green,
recreation room, swimming.
Reservations being taken for
leases starting September.
326-9881
