# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In behalf of the student body we
wish to congratulate the members
of the Freshman football team on
their heroic fight and brilliant vic
tory over their opponents. That
the unhospitable attitude of our
friends acros√ü the bay prevented
our celebrating a well-earned vic
tory is to be regretted. No matter
what the coaches agreed upon in re
gard to the decisions in the game,
the fact remained that for that
particular contest the decision of
the officials stands. The field
among courteous gentlemen would
have been turned over to the vic
torious team and its supporters.
But California's yell leader and
his followers ordered that their
field could not be used by their
victorious guests without a rough
house fight. We wish to say to
California's student body that
whenever they wish to enforce the
selfish spirit they showed last Sat
urday all they have to do is to say
so. The property in the field be
longs to them and we are glad to
say that the threats of battle and
repetition of by-gone inuckerism in
case we went on the field also be
longed to them alone. A few visits
to the Stanford campus will prob
ably be sufficient to teach our
friends what is and what is not
hospitality.
