# Dante Society Annual Prize.
## 
### 
At the annual meeting of the
Dante Society held at Cambridge
recently attention was called to
the fact that it is not generally
known that the Dante prize offered
each year by the society is open to
students in all American colleges.
This prize consists of the sum of
one hundred dollars, and is annu
ally bestowed on the student pre
senting the best essay on a subject
drawn from the life or works of
Dante. Students in any depart
ments of the university and gradu
ates of not more than three years
standing are eligible for the contest.
Further information may be ob
tained by addressing the secretary
of the society, Professor F. N. Rob
inson, Harvard University or by
consulting the Harvard University
catalogue for 1903-04. All manu
scripts must be in the hands of the
secretary not later than May, 1905.
At the annual meeting of the
Dante Society held at Cambridge
recently attention was called to
the fact that it is not generally
known that the Dante prize offered
each year by the society is open to
students in all American colleges.
This prize consists of the sum of
one hundred dollars, and is annu
ally bestowed on the student pre
senting the best essay on a subject
drawn from the life or works of
Dante. Students in any depart
ments of the university and gradu
ates of not more than three years
standing are eligible for the contest.
Further information may be ob
tained by addressing the secretary
of the society, Professor F. N. Rob
inson, Harvard University or by
consulting the Harvard University
catalogue for 1903-04. All manu
scripts must be in the hands of the
secretary not later than May, 1905.
At the annual meeting of the
Dante Society held at Cambridge
recently attention was called to
the fact that it is not generally
known that the Dante prize offered
each year by the society is open to
students in all American colleges.
This prize consists of the sum of
one hundred dollars, and is annu
ally bestowed on the student pre
senting the best essay on a subject
drawn from the life or works of
Dante. Students in any depart
ments of the university and gradu
ates of not more than three years
standing are eligible for the contest.
Further information may be ob
tained by addressing the secretary
of the society, Professor F. N. Rob
inson, Harvard University or by
consulting the Harvard University
catalogue for 1903-04. All manu
scripts must be in the hands of the
secretary not later than May, 1905.
At the annual meeting of the
Dante Society held at Cambridge
recently attention was called to
the fact that it is not generally
known that the Dante prize offered
each year by the society is open to
students in all American colleges.
This prize consists of the sum of
one hundred dollars, and is annu
ally bestowed on the student pre
senting the best essay on a subject
drawn from the life or works of
Dante. Students in any depart
ments of the university and gradu
ates of not more than three years
standing are eligible for the contest.
Further information may be ob
tained by addressing the secretary
of the society, Professor F. N. Rob
inson, Harvard University or by
consulting the Harvard University
catalogue for 1903-04. All manu
scripts must be in the hands of the
secretary not later than May, 1905.
At the annual meeting of the
Dante Society held at Cambridge
recently attention was called to
the fact that it is not generally
known that the Dante prize offered
each year by the society is open to
students in all American colleges.
This prize consists of the sum of
one hundred dollars, and is annu
ally bestowed on the student pre
senting the best essay on a subject
drawn from the life or works of
Dante. Students in any depart
ments of the university and gradu
ates of not more than three years
standing are eligible for the contest.
Further information may be ob
tained by addressing the secretary
of the society, Professor F. N. Rob
inson, Harvard University or by
consulting the Harvard University
catalogue for 1903-04. All manu
scripts must be in the hands of the
secretary not later than May, 1905.
At the annual meeting of the
Dante Society held at Cambridge
recently attention was called to
the fact that it is not generally
known that the Dante prize offered
each year by the society is open to
students in all American colleges.
This prize consists of the sum of
one hundred dollars, and is annu
ally bestowed on the student pre
senting the best essay on a subject
drawn from the life or works of
Dante. Students in any depart
ments of the university and gradu
ates of not more than three years
standing are eligible for the contest.
Further information may be ob
tained by addressing the secretary
of the society, Professor F. N. Rob
inson, Harvard University or by
consulting the Harvard University
catalogue for 1903-04. All manu
scripts must be in the hands of the
secretary not later than May, 1905.
At the annual meeting of the
Dante Society held at Cambridge
recently attention was called to
the fact that it is not generally
known that the Dante prize offered
each year by the society is open to
students in all American colleges.
This prize consists of the sum of
one hundred dollars, and is annu
ally bestowed on the student pre
senting the best essay on a subject
drawn from the life or works of
Dante. Students in any depart
ments of the university and gradu
ates of not more than three years
standing are eligible for the contest.
Further information may be ob
tained by addressing the secretary
of the society, Professor F. N. Rob
inson, Harvard University or by
consulting the Harvard University
catalogue for 1903-04. All manu
scripts must be in the hands of the
secretary not later than May, 1905.
At the annual meeting of the
Dante Society held at Cambridge
recently attention was called to
the fact that it is not generally
known that the Dante prize offered
each year by the society is open to
students in all American colleges.
This prize consists of the sum of
one hundred dollars, and is annu
ally bestowed on the student pre
senting the best essay on a subject
drawn from the life or works of
Dante. Students in any depart
ments of the university and gradu
ates of not more than three years
standing are eligible for the contest.
Further information may be ob
tained by addressing the secretary
of the society, Professor F. N. Rob
inson, Harvard University or by
consulting the Harvard University
catalogue for 1903-04. All manu
scripts must be in the hands of the
secretary not later than May, 1905.
