# TRYOUTS FOR SENIOR FARCE TO BE TONIGHT
## 
### 
Tryouts for the Senior Farce will be
held this evening at 7 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall, according to an anno
uncement made today by Coach Gor
don Davis, '18. As there are twelve
principal parts in "Nothing But the
Truth," a large turnout of material
will benecessary, to give the coach a
field from which to select his cast.
Preliminary try-outs have already
been held and those who were success
ful in these are expected tonight.
However, the Senior Farce committee
has decided also to give any new ma
terial that comes out tonight a hear
ing.
Tryouts for the Senior Farce will be
held this evening at 7 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall, according to an anno
uncement made today by Coach Gor
don Davis, '18. As there are twelve
principal parts in "Nothing But the
Truth," a large turnout of material
will benecessary, to give the coach a
field from which to select his cast.
Preliminary try-outs have already
been held and those who were success
ful in these are expected tonight.
However, the Senior Farce committee
has decided also to give any new ma
terial that comes out tonight a hear
ing.
Tryouts for the Senior Farce will be
held this evening at 7 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall, according to an anno
uncement made today by Coach Gor
don Davis, '18. As there are twelve
principal parts in "Nothing But the
Truth," a large turnout of material
will benecessary, to give the coach a
field from which to select his cast.
Preliminary try-outs have already
been held and those who were success
ful in these are expected tonight.
However, the Senior Farce committee
has decided also to give any new ma
terial that comes out tonight a hear
ing.
Tryouts for the Senior Farce will be
held this evening at 7 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall, according to an anno
uncement made today by Coach Gor
don Davis, '18. As there are twelve
principal parts in "Nothing But the
Truth," a large turnout of material
will benecessary, to give the coach a
field from which to select his cast.
Preliminary try-outs have already
been held and those who were success
ful in these are expected tonight.
However, the Senior Farce committee
has decided also to give any new ma
terial that comes out tonight a hear
ing.
Tryouts for the Senior Farce will be
held this evening at 7 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall, according to an anno
uncement made today by Coach Gor
don Davis, '18. As there are twelve
principal parts in "Nothing But the
Truth," a large turnout of material
will benecessary, to give the coach a
field from which to select his cast.
Preliminary try-outs have already
been held and those who were success
ful in these are expected tonight.
However, the Senior Farce committee
has decided also to give any new ma
terial that comes out tonight a hear
ing.
Tryouts for the Senior Farce will be
held this evening at 7 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall, according to an anno
uncement made today by Coach Gor
don Davis, '18. As there are twelve
principal parts in "Nothing But the
Truth," a large turnout of material
will benecessary, to give the coach a
field from which to select his cast.
Preliminary try-outs have already
been held and those who were success
ful in these are expected tonight.
However, the Senior Farce committee
has decided also to give any new ma
terial that comes out tonight a hear
ing.
Tryouts for the Senior Farce will be
held this evening at 7 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall, according to an anno
uncement made today by Coach Gor
don Davis, '18. As there are twelve
principal parts in "Nothing But the
Truth," a large turnout of material
will benecessary, to give the coach a
field from which to select his cast.
Preliminary try-outs have already
been held and those who were success
ful in these are expected tonight.
However, the Senior Farce committee
has decided also to give any new ma
terial that comes out tonight a hear
ing.
Tryouts for the Senior Farce will be
held this evening at 7 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall, according to an anno
uncement made today by Coach Gor
don Davis, '18. As there are twelve
principal parts in "Nothing But the
Truth," a large turnout of material
will benecessary, to give the coach a
field from which to select his cast.
Preliminary try-outs have already
been held and those who were success
ful in these are expected tonight.
However, the Senior Farce committee
has decided also to give any new ma
terial that comes out tonight a hear
ing.
Tryouts for the Senior Farce will be
held this evening at 7 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall, according to an anno
uncement made today by Coach Gor
don Davis, '18. As there are twelve
principal parts in "Nothing But the
Truth," a large turnout of material
will benecessary, to give the coach a
field from which to select his cast.
Preliminary try-outs have already
been held and those who were success
ful in these are expected tonight.
However, the Senior Farce committee
has decided also to give any new ma
terial that comes out tonight a hear
ing.
Tryouts for the Senior Farce will be
held this evening at 7 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall, according to an anno
uncement made today by Coach Gor
don Davis, '18. As there are twelve
principal parts in "Nothing But the
Truth," a large turnout of material
will benecessary, to give the coach a
field from which to select his cast.
Preliminary try-outs have already
been held and those who were success
ful in these are expected tonight.
However, the Senior Farce committee
has decided also to give any new ma
terial that comes out tonight a hear
ing.
Tryouts for the Senior Farce will be
held this evening at 7 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall, according to an anno
uncement made today by Coach Gor
don Davis, '18. As there are twelve
principal parts in "Nothing But the
Truth," a large turnout of material
will benecessary, to give the coach a
field from which to select his cast.
Preliminary try-outs have already
been held and those who were success
ful in these are expected tonight.
However, the Senior Farce committee
has decided also to give any new ma
terial that comes out tonight a hear
ing.
Tryouts for the Senior Farce will be
held this evening at 7 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall, according to an anno
uncement made today by Coach Gor
don Davis, '18. As there are twelve
principal parts in "Nothing But the
Truth," a large turnout of material
will benecessary, to give the coach a
field from which to select his cast.
Preliminary try-outs have already
been held and those who were success
ful in these are expected tonight.
However, the Senior Farce committee
has decided also to give any new ma
terial that comes out tonight a hear
ing.
Tryouts for the Senior Farce will be
held this evening at 7 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall, according to an anno
uncement made today by Coach Gor
don Davis, '18. As there are twelve
principal parts in "Nothing But the
Truth," a large turnout of material
will benecessary, to give the coach a
field from which to select his cast.
Preliminary try-outs have already
been held and those who were success
ful in these are expected tonight.
However, the Senior Farce committee
has decided also to give any new ma
terial that comes out tonight a hear
ing.
