# PAGEANT PLANS ARE COMPLETED
## 
### 
Names of the successful tryoutees for
the pageant "Service" have not as yet
been announced, but the leading char
acters will be chosen from those who
attended the trvouts yesterday. The
choruses will be recruited from the cam
pus organizations.
The committee is attempting a new
plan in the production of the pageant,
from any which has been tried 011 the
campus before. Each scene will be in
charge of a captain, who will be person
ally responsible for the personnel and
the chorus, and will arrange for all
costumes and properties to be used in
that scene. In this way it is hoped to
simplify the production.
Each scene will be rehearsed sepa
rately, and the entire pageant will not
be put together until the last rehearsal.
In this way the long waits during re
hearsals will be done away with, and as
each scene is expected to cover only

from fifteen to thirty minutes, it will
simplify the work of the cast material
ly. In this way each scene will have but
one rehearsal each week, it is planned,
in order not to interfere with final ex
aminations.
The place where the pageant is to be
produced lias been changed from the
terracc of the Quad to the Track oval,
as there are scats for about 400 al
ready erected. The pageant will com
mence, according to present plans, with
a promenade, or historical parade
around the track, which will be fol
lowed by the various scenes which will
be staged 111 the center of the oval.
A meeting of the various captains has
been cheduled for this afternoon by Di
rector Holme and Miss Bailey, for the
purpose of devising a plan whereby the
captains will work systematically, and
not interfere with each other in the
carrying out of the plans for their re
spective scenes.
Names of the successful tryoutees for
the pageant "Service" have not as yet
been announced, but the leading char
acters will be chosen from those who
attended the trvouts yesterday. The
choruses will be recruited from the cam
pus organizations.
The committee is attempting a new
plan in the production of the pageant,
from any which has been tried 011 the
campus before. Each scene will be in
charge of a captain, who will be person
ally responsible for the personnel and
the chorus, and will arrange for all
costumes and properties to be used in
that scene. In this way it is hoped to
simplify the production.
Each scene will be rehearsed sepa
rately, and the entire pageant will not
be put together until the last rehearsal.
In this way the long waits during re
hearsals will be done away with, and as
each scene is expected to cover only

from fifteen to thirty minutes, it will
simplify the work of the cast material
ly. In this way each scene will have but
one rehearsal each week, it is planned,
in order not to interfere with final ex
aminations.
The place where the pageant is to be
produced lias been changed from the
terracc of the Quad to the Track oval,
as there are scats for about 400 al
ready erected. The pageant will com
mence, according to present plans, with
a promenade, or historical parade
around the track, which will be fol
lowed by the various scenes which will
be staged 111 the center of the oval.
A meeting of the various captains has
been cheduled for this afternoon by Di
rector Holme and Miss Bailey, for the
purpose of devising a plan whereby the
captains will work systematically, and
not interfere with each other in the
carrying out of the plans for their re
spective scenes.
Names of the successful tryoutees for
the pageant "Service" have not as yet
been announced, but the leading char
acters will be chosen from those who
attended the trvouts yesterday. The
choruses will be recruited from the cam
pus organizations.
The committee is attempting a new
plan in the production of the pageant,
from any which has been tried 011 the
campus before. Each scene will be in
charge of a captain, who will be person
ally responsible for the personnel and
the chorus, and will arrange for all
costumes and properties to be used in
that scene. In this way it is hoped to
simplify the production.
Each scene will be rehearsed sepa
rately, and the entire pageant will not
be put together until the last rehearsal.
In this way the long waits during re
hearsals will be done away with, and as
each scene is expected to cover only

from fifteen to thirty minutes, it will
simplify the work of the cast material
ly. In this way each scene will have but
one rehearsal each week, it is planned,
in order not to interfere with final ex
aminations.
The place where the pageant is to be
produced lias been changed from the
terracc of the Quad to the Track oval,
as there are scats for about 400 al
ready erected. The pageant will com
mence, according to present plans, with
a promenade, or historical parade
around the track, which will be fol
lowed by the various scenes which will
be staged 111 the center of the oval.
A meeting of the various captains has
been cheduled for this afternoon by Di
rector Holme and Miss Bailey, for the
purpose of devising a plan whereby the
captains will work systematically, and
not interfere with each other in the
carrying out of the plans for their re
spective scenes.
Names of the successful tryoutees for
the pageant "Service" have not as yet
been announced, but the leading char
acters will be chosen from those who
attended the trvouts yesterday. The
choruses will be recruited from the cam
pus organizations.
The committee is attempting a new
plan in the production of the pageant,
from any which has been tried 011 the
campus before. Each scene will be in
charge of a captain, who will be person
ally responsible for the personnel and
the chorus, and will arrange for all
costumes and properties to be used in
that scene. In this way it is hoped to
simplify the production.
Each scene will be rehearsed sepa
rately, and the entire pageant will not
be put together until the last rehearsal.
In this way the long waits during re
hearsals will be done away with, and as
each scene is expected to cover only

from fifteen to thirty minutes, it will
simplify the work of the cast material
ly. In this way each scene will have but
one rehearsal each week, it is planned,
in order not to interfere with final ex
aminations.
The place where the pageant is to be
produced lias been changed from the
terracc of the Quad to the Track oval,
as there are scats for about 400 al
ready erected. The pageant will com
mence, according to present plans, with
a promenade, or historical parade
around the track, which will be fol
lowed by the various scenes which will
be staged 111 the center of the oval.
A meeting of the various captains has
been cheduled for this afternoon by Di
rector Holme and Miss Bailey, for the
purpose of devising a plan whereby the
captains will work systematically, and
not interfere with each other in the
carrying out of the plans for their re
spective scenes.
Names of the successful tryoutees for
the pageant "Service" have not as yet
been announced, but the leading char
acters will be chosen from those who
attended the trvouts yesterday. The
choruses will be recruited from the cam
pus organizations.
The committee is attempting a new
plan in the production of the pageant,
from any which has been tried 011 the
campus before. Each scene will be in
charge of a captain, who will be person
ally responsible for the personnel and
the chorus, and will arrange for all
costumes and properties to be used in
that scene. In this way it is hoped to
simplify the production.
Each scene will be rehearsed sepa
rately, and the entire pageant will not
be put together until the last rehearsal.
In this way the long waits during re
hearsals will be done away with, and as
each scene is expected to cover only

from fifteen to thirty minutes, it will
simplify the work of the cast material
ly. In this way each scene will have but
one rehearsal each week, it is planned,
in order not to interfere with final ex
aminations.
The place where the pageant is to be
produced lias been changed from the
terracc of the Quad to the Track oval,
as there are scats for about 400 al
ready erected. The pageant will com
mence, according to present plans, with
a promenade, or historical parade
around the track, which will be fol
lowed by the various scenes which will
be staged 111 the center of the oval.
A meeting of the various captains has
been cheduled for this afternoon by Di
rector Holme and Miss Bailey, for the
purpose of devising a plan whereby the
captains will work systematically, and
not interfere with each other in the
carrying out of the plans for their re
spective scenes.
Names of the successful tryoutees for
the pageant "Service" have not as yet
been announced, but the leading char
acters will be chosen from those who
attended the trvouts yesterday. The
choruses will be recruited from the cam
pus organizations.
The committee is attempting a new
plan in the production of the pageant,
from any which has been tried 011 the
campus before. Each scene will be in
charge of a captain, who will be person
ally responsible for the personnel and
the chorus, and will arrange for all
costumes and properties to be used in
that scene. In this way it is hoped to
simplify the production.
Each scene will be rehearsed sepa
rately, and the entire pageant will not
be put together until the last rehearsal.
In this way the long waits during re
hearsals will be done away with, and as
each scene is expected to cover only

from fifteen to thirty minutes, it will
simplify the work of the cast material
ly. In this way each scene will have but
one rehearsal each week, it is planned,
in order not to interfere with final ex
aminations.
The place where the pageant is to be
produced lias been changed from the
terracc of the Quad to the Track oval,
as there are scats for about 400 al
ready erected. The pageant will com
mence, according to present plans, with
a promenade, or historical parade
around the track, which will be fol
lowed by the various scenes which will
be staged 111 the center of the oval.
A meeting of the various captains has
been cheduled for this afternoon by Di
rector Holme and Miss Bailey, for the
purpose of devising a plan whereby the
captains will work systematically, and
not interfere with each other in the
carrying out of the plans for their re
spective scenes.
Names of the successful tryoutees for
the pageant "Service" have not as yet
been announced, but the leading char
acters will be chosen from those who
attended the trvouts yesterday. The
choruses will be recruited from the cam
pus organizations.
The committee is attempting a new
plan in the production of the pageant,
from any which has been tried 011 the
campus before. Each scene will be in
charge of a captain, who will be person
ally responsible for the personnel and
the chorus, and will arrange for all
costumes and properties to be used in
that scene. In this way it is hoped to
simplify the production.
Each scene will be rehearsed sepa
rately, and the entire pageant will not
be put together until the last rehearsal.
In this way the long waits during re
hearsals will be done away with, and as
each scene is expected to cover only

from fifteen to thirty minutes, it will
simplify the work of the cast material
ly. In this way each scene will have but
one rehearsal each week, it is planned,
in order not to interfere with final ex
aminations.
The place where the pageant is to be
produced lias been changed from the
terracc of the Quad to the Track oval,
as there are scats for about 400 al
ready erected. The pageant will com
mence, according to present plans, with
a promenade, or historical parade
around the track, which will be fol
lowed by the various scenes which will
be staged 111 the center of the oval.
A meeting of the various captains has
been cheduled for this afternoon by Di
rector Holme and Miss Bailey, for the
purpose of devising a plan whereby the
captains will work systematically, and
not interfere with each other in the
carrying out of the plans for their re
spective scenes.
Names of the successful tryoutees for
the pageant "Service" have not as yet
been announced, but the leading char
acters will be chosen from those who
attended the trvouts yesterday. The
choruses will be recruited from the cam
pus organizations.
The committee is attempting a new
plan in the production of the pageant,
from any which has been tried 011 the
campus before. Each scene will be in
charge of a captain, who will be person
ally responsible for the personnel and
the chorus, and will arrange for all
costumes and properties to be used in
that scene. In this way it is hoped to
simplify the production.
Each scene will be rehearsed sepa
rately, and the entire pageant will not
be put together until the last rehearsal.
In this way the long waits during re
hearsals will be done away with, and as
each scene is expected to cover only

from fifteen to thirty minutes, it will
simplify the work of the cast material
ly. In this way each scene will have but
one rehearsal each week, it is planned,
in order not to interfere with final ex
aminations.
The place where the pageant is to be
produced lias been changed from the
terracc of the Quad to the Track oval,
as there are scats for about 400 al
ready erected. The pageant will com
mence, according to present plans, with
a promenade, or historical parade
around the track, which will be fol
lowed by the various scenes which will
be staged 111 the center of the oval.
A meeting of the various captains has
been cheduled for this afternoon by Di
rector Holme and Miss Bailey, for the
purpose of devising a plan whereby the
captains will work systematically, and
not interfere with each other in the
carrying out of the plans for their re
spective scenes.
Names of the successful tryoutees for
the pageant "Service" have not as yet
been announced, but the leading char
acters will be chosen from those who
attended the trvouts yesterday. The
choruses will be recruited from the cam
pus organizations.
The committee is attempting a new
plan in the production of the pageant,
from any which has been tried 011 the
campus before. Each scene will be in
charge of a captain, who will be person
ally responsible for the personnel and
the chorus, and will arrange for all
costumes and properties to be used in
that scene. In this way it is hoped to
simplify the production.
Each scene will be rehearsed sepa
rately, and the entire pageant will not
be put together until the last rehearsal.
In this way the long waits during re
hearsals will be done away with, and as
each scene is expected to cover only

from fifteen to thirty minutes, it will
simplify the work of the cast material
ly. In this way each scene will have but
one rehearsal each week, it is planned,
in order not to interfere with final ex
aminations.
The place where the pageant is to be
produced lias been changed from the
terracc of the Quad to the Track oval,
as there are scats for about 400 al
ready erected. The pageant will com
mence, according to present plans, with
a promenade, or historical parade
around the track, which will be fol
lowed by the various scenes which will
be staged 111 the center of the oval.
A meeting of the various captains has
been cheduled for this afternoon by Di
rector Holme and Miss Bailey, for the
purpose of devising a plan whereby the
captains will work systematically, and
not interfere with each other in the
carrying out of the plans for their re
spective scenes.
Names of the successful tryoutees for
the pageant "Service" have not as yet
been announced, but the leading char
acters will be chosen from those who
attended the trvouts yesterday. The
choruses will be recruited from the cam
pus organizations.
The committee is attempting a new
plan in the production of the pageant,
from any which has been tried 011 the
campus before. Each scene will be in
charge of a captain, who will be person
ally responsible for the personnel and
the chorus, and will arrange for all
costumes and properties to be used in
that scene. In this way it is hoped to
simplify the production.
Each scene will be rehearsed sepa
rately, and the entire pageant will not
be put together until the last rehearsal.
In this way the long waits during re
hearsals will be done away with, and as
each scene is expected to cover only

from fifteen to thirty minutes, it will
simplify the work of the cast material
ly. In this way each scene will have but
one rehearsal each week, it is planned,
in order not to interfere with final ex
aminations.
The place where the pageant is to be
produced lias been changed from the
terracc of the Quad to the Track oval,
as there are scats for about 400 al
ready erected. The pageant will com
mence, according to present plans, with
a promenade, or historical parade
around the track, which will be fol
lowed by the various scenes which will
be staged 111 the center of the oval.
A meeting of the various captains has
been cheduled for this afternoon by Di
rector Holme and Miss Bailey, for the
purpose of devising a plan whereby the
captains will work systematically, and
not interfere with each other in the
carrying out of the plans for their re
spective scenes.
Names of the successful tryoutees for
the pageant "Service" have not as yet
been announced, but the leading char
acters will be chosen from those who
attended the trvouts yesterday. The
choruses will be recruited from the cam
pus organizations.
The committee is attempting a new
plan in the production of the pageant,
from any which has been tried 011 the
campus before. Each scene will be in
charge of a captain, who will be person
ally responsible for the personnel and
the chorus, and will arrange for all
costumes and properties to be used in
that scene. In this way it is hoped to
simplify the production.
Each scene will be rehearsed sepa
rately, and the entire pageant will not
be put together until the last rehearsal.
In this way the long waits during re
hearsals will be done away with, and as
each scene is expected to cover only

from fifteen to thirty minutes, it will
simplify the work of the cast material
ly. In this way each scene will have but
one rehearsal each week, it is planned,
in order not to interfere with final ex
aminations.
The place where the pageant is to be
produced lias been changed from the
terracc of the Quad to the Track oval,
as there are scats for about 400 al
ready erected. The pageant will com
mence, according to present plans, with
a promenade, or historical parade
around the track, which will be fol
lowed by the various scenes which will
be staged 111 the center of the oval.
A meeting of the various captains has
been cheduled for this afternoon by Di
rector Holme and Miss Bailey, for the
purpose of devising a plan whereby the
captains will work systematically, and
not interfere with each other in the
carrying out of the plans for their re
spective scenes.
Names of the successful tryoutees for
the pageant "Service" have not as yet
been announced, but the leading char
acters will be chosen from those who
attended the trvouts yesterday. The
choruses will be recruited from the cam
pus organizations.
The committee is attempting a new
plan in the production of the pageant,
from any which has been tried 011 the
campus before. Each scene will be in
charge of a captain, who will be person
ally responsible for the personnel and
the chorus, and will arrange for all
costumes and properties to be used in
that scene. In this way it is hoped to
simplify the production.
Each scene will be rehearsed sepa
rately, and the entire pageant will not
be put together until the last rehearsal.
In this way the long waits during re
hearsals will be done away with, and as
each scene is expected to cover only

from fifteen to thirty minutes, it will
simplify the work of the cast material
ly. In this way each scene will have but
one rehearsal each week, it is planned,
in order not to interfere with final ex
aminations.
The place where the pageant is to be
produced lias been changed from the
terracc of the Quad to the Track oval,
as there are scats for about 400 al
ready erected. The pageant will com
mence, according to present plans, with
a promenade, or historical parade
around the track, which will be fol
lowed by the various scenes which will
be staged 111 the center of the oval.
A meeting of the various captains has
been cheduled for this afternoon by Di
rector Holme and Miss Bailey, for the
purpose of devising a plan whereby the
captains will work systematically, and
not interfere with each other in the
carrying out of the plans for their re
spective scenes.
Names of the successful tryoutees for
the pageant "Service" have not as yet
been announced, but the leading char
acters will be chosen from those who
attended the trvouts yesterday. The
choruses will be recruited from the cam
pus organizations.
The committee is attempting a new
plan in the production of the pageant,
from any which has been tried 011 the
campus before. Each scene will be in
charge of a captain, who will be person
ally responsible for the personnel and
the chorus, and will arrange for all
costumes and properties to be used in
that scene. In this way it is hoped to
simplify the production.
Each scene will be rehearsed sepa
rately, and the entire pageant will not
be put together until the last rehearsal.
In this way the long waits during re
hearsals will be done away with, and as
each scene is expected to cover only

from fifteen to thirty minutes, it will
simplify the work of the cast material
ly. In this way each scene will have but
one rehearsal each week, it is planned,
in order not to interfere with final ex
aminations.
The place where the pageant is to be
produced lias been changed from the
terracc of the Quad to the Track oval,
as there are scats for about 400 al
ready erected. The pageant will com
mence, according to present plans, with
a promenade, or historical parade
around the track, which will be fol
lowed by the various scenes which will
be staged 111 the center of the oval.
A meeting of the various captains has
been cheduled for this afternoon by Di
rector Holme and Miss Bailey, for the
purpose of devising a plan whereby the
captains will work systematically, and
not interfere with each other in the
carrying out of the plans for their re
spective scenes.
