# The
						University Chapel.
## 
### 
The sermon next Sunday will be
preached by the lit. Rev. Wm. H.
Moreland, D. 1)., Bishop of Sacra
mento. Bishop Moreland is a
native of South Carolina, and was
educated at the Universety of the
South, graduating in 1881. In
1884-85 he was assistant to Bishop
Nicholls at Christ Church, Hart
ford, Conn. From 1885 to 1893 he
was Rector of the Church of the
Good Shepherd, Washington, I). C.,
resigning to accept a call to St.
Luke's Church, San Francisco. He
was consecrated bishop January
25,18VJ9, and now resides at Sacra
mento.
Bishop Moreland is an inspiring
speaker, and a preacher who brings
an earnest message to the men of
his time.
Dr. Little will lead the singing
as usual.
