# Cochet Arrives
## 
### 

Henri Cochet, famed French
tennis star, shielding his ear
from the cold as he landed in
New York tc begin preparations
fo. his professional tour of the
United States. He has just
completed a tour of South
America.

Henri Cochet, famed French
tennis star, shielding his ear
from the cold as he landed in
New York tc begin preparations
fo. his professional tour of the
United States. He has just
completed a tour of South
America.

Henri Cochet, famed French
tennis star, shielding his ear
from the cold as he landed in
New York tc begin preparations
fo. his professional tour of the
United States. He has just
completed a tour of South
America.

Henri Cochet, famed French
tennis star, shielding his ear
from the cold as he landed in
New York tc begin preparations
fo. his professional tour of the
United States. He has just
completed a tour of South
America.

Henri Cochet, famed French
tennis star, shielding his ear
from the cold as he landed in
New York tc begin preparations
fo. his professional tour of the
United States. He has just
completed a tour of South
America.

Henri Cochet, famed French
tennis star, shielding his ear
from the cold as he landed in
New York tc begin preparations
fo. his professional tour of the
United States. He has just
completed a tour of South
America.

Henri Cochet, famed French
tennis star, shielding his ear
from the cold as he landed in
New York tc begin preparations
fo. his professional tour of the
United States. He has just
completed a tour of South
America.

Henri Cochet, famed French
tennis star, shielding his ear
from the cold as he landed in
New York tc begin preparations
fo. his professional tour of the
United States. He has just
completed a tour of South
America.

Henri Cochet, famed French
tennis star, shielding his ear
from the cold as he landed in
New York tc begin preparations
fo. his professional tour of the
United States. He has just
completed a tour of South
America.

Henri Cochet, famed French
tennis star, shielding his ear
from the cold as he landed in
New York tc begin preparations
fo. his professional tour of the
United States. He has just
completed a tour of South
America.

Henri Cochet, famed French
tennis star, shielding his ear
from the cold as he landed in
New York tc begin preparations
fo. his professional tour of the
United States. He has just
completed a tour of South
America.

Henri Cochet, famed French
tennis star, shielding his ear
from the cold as he landed in
New York tc begin preparations
fo. his professional tour of the
United States. He has just
completed a tour of South
America.

Henri Cochet, famed French
tennis star, shielding his ear
from the cold as he landed in
New York tc begin preparations
fo. his professional tour of the
United States. He has just
completed a tour of South
America.

Henri Cochet, famed French
tennis star, shielding his ear
from the cold as he landed in
New York tc begin preparations
fo. his professional tour of the
United States. He has just
completed a tour of South
America.

Henri Cochet, famed French
tennis star, shielding his ear
from the cold as he landed in
New York tc begin preparations
fo. his professional tour of the
United States. He has just
completed a tour of South
America.
