# REBEL TO HANG
## 
### 
VIENNA, Feb. 19 (UP). —Kilomyn
Wallisch, Socialist leader, was sen
tenced to death by hanging in a
court martial today. He and a group
of followers were captured in the
countryside while trying to flee
abroad, after last week's abortive
Socialist rebellion. Meanwhile, mar
tial law was raised in Carinthia, and
the nation returned rapidly to nor
mal.
VIENNA, Feb. 19 (UP). —Kilomyn
Wallisch, Socialist leader, was sen
tenced to death by hanging in a
court martial today. He and a group
of followers were captured in the
countryside while trying to flee
abroad, after last week's abortive
Socialist rebellion. Meanwhile, mar
tial law was raised in Carinthia, and
the nation returned rapidly to nor
mal.
VIENNA, Feb. 19 (UP). —Kilomyn
Wallisch, Socialist leader, was sen
tenced to death by hanging in a
court martial today. He and a group
of followers were captured in the
countryside while trying to flee
abroad, after last week's abortive
Socialist rebellion. Meanwhile, mar
tial law was raised in Carinthia, and
the nation returned rapidly to nor
mal.
VIENNA, Feb. 19 (UP). —Kilomyn
Wallisch, Socialist leader, was sen
tenced to death by hanging in a
court martial today. He and a group
of followers were captured in the
countryside while trying to flee
abroad, after last week's abortive
Socialist rebellion. Meanwhile, mar
tial law was raised in Carinthia, and
the nation returned rapidly to nor
mal.
VIENNA, Feb. 19 (UP). —Kilomyn
Wallisch, Socialist leader, was sen
tenced to death by hanging in a
court martial today. He and a group
of followers were captured in the
countryside while trying to flee
abroad, after last week's abortive
Socialist rebellion. Meanwhile, mar
tial law was raised in Carinthia, and
the nation returned rapidly to nor
mal.
VIENNA, Feb. 19 (UP). —Kilomyn
Wallisch, Socialist leader, was sen
tenced to death by hanging in a
court martial today. He and a group
of followers were captured in the
countryside while trying to flee
abroad, after last week's abortive
Socialist rebellion. Meanwhile, mar
tial law was raised in Carinthia, and
the nation returned rapidly to nor
mal.
VIENNA, Feb. 19 (UP). —Kilomyn
Wallisch, Socialist leader, was sen
tenced to death by hanging in a
court martial today. He and a group
of followers were captured in the
countryside while trying to flee
abroad, after last week's abortive
Socialist rebellion. Meanwhile, mar
tial law was raised in Carinthia, and
the nation returned rapidly to nor
mal.
VIENNA, Feb. 19 (UP). —Kilomyn
Wallisch, Socialist leader, was sen
tenced to death by hanging in a
court martial today. He and a group
of followers were captured in the
countryside while trying to flee
abroad, after last week's abortive
Socialist rebellion. Meanwhile, mar
tial law was raised in Carinthia, and
the nation returned rapidly to nor
mal.
VIENNA, Feb. 19 (UP). —Kilomyn
Wallisch, Socialist leader, was sen
tenced to death by hanging in a
court martial today. He and a group
of followers were captured in the
countryside while trying to flee
abroad, after last week's abortive
Socialist rebellion. Meanwhile, mar
tial law was raised in Carinthia, and
the nation returned rapidly to nor
mal.
VIENNA, Feb. 19 (UP). —Kilomyn
Wallisch, Socialist leader, was sen
tenced to death by hanging in a
court martial today. He and a group
of followers were captured in the
countryside while trying to flee
abroad, after last week's abortive
Socialist rebellion. Meanwhile, mar
tial law was raised in Carinthia, and
the nation returned rapidly to nor
mal.
VIENNA, Feb. 19 (UP). —Kilomyn
Wallisch, Socialist leader, was sen
tenced to death by hanging in a
court martial today. He and a group
of followers were captured in the
countryside while trying to flee
abroad, after last week's abortive
Socialist rebellion. Meanwhile, mar
tial law was raised in Carinthia, and
the nation returned rapidly to nor
mal.
VIENNA, Feb. 19 (UP). —Kilomyn
Wallisch, Socialist leader, was sen
tenced to death by hanging in a
court martial today. He and a group
of followers were captured in the
countryside while trying to flee
abroad, after last week's abortive
Socialist rebellion. Meanwhile, mar
tial law was raised in Carinthia, and
the nation returned rapidly to nor
mal.
VIENNA, Feb. 19 (UP). —Kilomyn
Wallisch, Socialist leader, was sen
tenced to death by hanging in a
court martial today. He and a group
of followers were captured in the
countryside while trying to flee
abroad, after last week's abortive
Socialist rebellion. Meanwhile, mar
tial law was raised in Carinthia, and
the nation returned rapidly to nor
mal.
VIENNA, Feb. 19 (UP). —Kilomyn
Wallisch, Socialist leader, was sen
tenced to death by hanging in a
court martial today. He and a group
of followers were captured in the
countryside while trying to flee
abroad, after last week's abortive
Socialist rebellion. Meanwhile, mar
tial law was raised in Carinthia, and
the nation returned rapidly to nor
mal.
VIENNA, Feb. 19 (UP). —Kilomyn
Wallisch, Socialist leader, was sen
tenced to death by hanging in a
court martial today. He and a group
of followers were captured in the
countryside while trying to flee
abroad, after last week's abortive
Socialist rebellion. Meanwhile, mar
tial law was raised in Carinthia, and
the nation returned rapidly to nor
mal.
