# It's a New Year for Chinese
## 
### 

Seven days of rituals, dragon parades, fireworks and relaxation marked
Chinese sections along the Pacific Coast this week as a new year was
ushered in by followers of Confucius. 80-Ling and Be-Ching, Chinese
beauties, offer prayers to their ancestors for the new year. #

Seven days of rituals, dragon parades, fireworks and relaxation marked
Chinese sections along the Pacific Coast this week as a new year was
ushered in by followers of Confucius. 80-Ling and Be-Ching, Chinese
beauties, offer prayers to their ancestors for the new year. #

Seven days of rituals, dragon parades, fireworks and relaxation marked
Chinese sections along the Pacific Coast this week as a new year was
ushered in by followers of Confucius. 80-Ling and Be-Ching, Chinese
beauties, offer prayers to their ancestors for the new year. #

Seven days of rituals, dragon parades, fireworks and relaxation marked
Chinese sections along the Pacific Coast this week as a new year was
ushered in by followers of Confucius. 80-Ling and Be-Ching, Chinese
beauties, offer prayers to their ancestors for the new year. #

Seven days of rituals, dragon parades, fireworks and relaxation marked
Chinese sections along the Pacific Coast this week as a new year was
ushered in by followers of Confucius. 80-Ling and Be-Ching, Chinese
beauties, offer prayers to their ancestors for the new year. #

Seven days of rituals, dragon parades, fireworks and relaxation marked
Chinese sections along the Pacific Coast this week as a new year was
ushered in by followers of Confucius. 80-Ling and Be-Ching, Chinese
beauties, offer prayers to their ancestors for the new year. #

Seven days of rituals, dragon parades, fireworks and relaxation marked
Chinese sections along the Pacific Coast this week as a new year was
ushered in by followers of Confucius. 80-Ling and Be-Ching, Chinese
beauties, offer prayers to their ancestors for the new year. #

Seven days of rituals, dragon parades, fireworks and relaxation marked
Chinese sections along the Pacific Coast this week as a new year was
ushered in by followers of Confucius. 80-Ling and Be-Ching, Chinese
beauties, offer prayers to their ancestors for the new year. #

Seven days of rituals, dragon parades, fireworks and relaxation marked
Chinese sections along the Pacific Coast this week as a new year was
ushered in by followers of Confucius. 80-Ling and Be-Ching, Chinese
beauties, offer prayers to their ancestors for the new year. #

Seven days of rituals, dragon parades, fireworks and relaxation marked
Chinese sections along the Pacific Coast this week as a new year was
ushered in by followers of Confucius. 80-Ling and Be-Ching, Chinese
beauties, offer prayers to their ancestors for the new year. #

Seven days of rituals, dragon parades, fireworks and relaxation marked
Chinese sections along the Pacific Coast this week as a new year was
ushered in by followers of Confucius. 80-Ling and Be-Ching, Chinese
beauties, offer prayers to their ancestors for the new year. #

Seven days of rituals, dragon parades, fireworks and relaxation marked
Chinese sections along the Pacific Coast this week as a new year was
ushered in by followers of Confucius. 80-Ling and Be-Ching, Chinese
beauties, offer prayers to their ancestors for the new year. #

Seven days of rituals, dragon parades, fireworks and relaxation marked
Chinese sections along the Pacific Coast this week as a new year was
ushered in by followers of Confucius. 80-Ling and Be-Ching, Chinese
beauties, offer prayers to their ancestors for the new year. #

Seven days of rituals, dragon parades, fireworks and relaxation marked
Chinese sections along the Pacific Coast this week as a new year was
ushered in by followers of Confucius. 80-Ling and Be-Ching, Chinese
beauties, offer prayers to their ancestors for the new year. #

Seven days of rituals, dragon parades, fireworks and relaxation marked
Chinese sections along the Pacific Coast this week as a new year was
ushered in by followers of Confucius. 80-Ling and Be-Ching, Chinese
beauties, offer prayers to their ancestors for the new year. #
