# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Extracts from President Jor
dan's sermon yesterday on "The
Philosophy of Despair" will be
printed in tomorrow's Daily Palo
Alto.
Extracts from President Jor
dan's sermon yesterday on "The
Philosophy of Despair" will be
printed in tomorrow's Daily Palo
Alto.
Extracts from President Jor
dan's sermon yesterday on "The
Philosophy of Despair" will be
printed in tomorrow's Daily Palo
Alto.
Extracts from President Jor
dan's sermon yesterday on "The
Philosophy of Despair" will be
printed in tomorrow's Daily Palo
Alto.
Extracts from President Jor
dan's sermon yesterday on "The
Philosophy of Despair" will be
printed in tomorrow's Daily Palo
Alto.
Extracts from President Jor
dan's sermon yesterday on "The
Philosophy of Despair" will be
printed in tomorrow's Daily Palo
Alto.
