# Untitled Article
## 
### 
To a certain extent a juke is a
juke. The failure of the iSoplio
mores, however, to dispose uf their
Annual business after repeated at
tempts is no lunger especially
amusing. It is generally supposed
that a cullegian has the advantage
of the school buy in being able to
meet and cope with his obligations
himself, if the Class uf 1 ( J01 can
not elect their own Annual uflicers,
nu une will do it for them. There
is some curiosity to see whether or
not a quorum is present at next
Friday's meeting.
To a certain extent a juke is a
juke. The failure of the iSoplio
mores, however, to dispose uf their
Annual business after repeated at
tempts is no lunger especially
amusing. It is generally supposed
that a cullegian has the advantage
of the school buy in being able to
meet and cope with his obligations
himself, if the Class uf 1 ( J01 can
not elect their own Annual uflicers,
nu une will do it for them. There
is some curiosity to see whether or
not a quorum is present at next
Friday's meeting.
To a certain extent a juke is a
juke. The failure of the iSoplio
mores, however, to dispose uf their
Annual business after repeated at
tempts is no lunger especially
amusing. It is generally supposed
that a cullegian has the advantage
of the school buy in being able to
meet and cope with his obligations
himself, if the Class uf 1 ( J01 can
not elect their own Annual uflicers,
nu une will do it for them. There
is some curiosity to see whether or
not a quorum is present at next
Friday's meeting.
To a certain extent a juke is a
juke. The failure of the iSoplio
mores, however, to dispose uf their
Annual business after repeated at
tempts is no lunger especially
amusing. It is generally supposed
that a cullegian has the advantage
of the school buy in being able to
meet and cope with his obligations
himself, if the Class uf 1 ( J01 can
not elect their own Annual uflicers,
nu une will do it for them. There
is some curiosity to see whether or
not a quorum is present at next
Friday's meeting.
To a certain extent a juke is a
juke. The failure of the iSoplio
mores, however, to dispose uf their
Annual business after repeated at
tempts is no lunger especially
amusing. It is generally supposed
that a cullegian has the advantage
of the school buy in being able to
meet and cope with his obligations
himself, if the Class uf 1 ( J01 can
not elect their own Annual uflicers,
nu une will do it for them. There
is some curiosity to see whether or
not a quorum is present at next
Friday's meeting.
To a certain extent a juke is a
juke. The failure of the iSoplio
mores, however, to dispose uf their
Annual business after repeated at
tempts is no lunger especially
amusing. It is generally supposed
that a cullegian has the advantage
of the school buy in being able to
meet and cope with his obligations
himself, if the Class uf 1 ( J01 can
not elect their own Annual uflicers,
nu une will do it for them. There
is some curiosity to see whether or
not a quorum is present at next
Friday's meeting.
