# William Bonnet, ex-'18, To Be Married Saturday
## 
### 
William B. Bonnett, ex-'lB, will be
married on Saturday in Riverside to
Miss Doris Moulton. Bonnett attended
Stanford previous to the war, and was
a younger brother of E. Mortimer Bon
nett, 'IS, who held the Conference rec
ord in the' half-mile. Miss Moulton
graduated from the University of Cali
fornia in the class of '19. The matron
of honor will be Irene Bonnett Doris,
'19. Miss Dorris is a member of Delta
Gamma. Both William and Mortimer
'Bonnett were members of Encina Club.
William B. Bonnett, ex-'lB, will be
married on Saturday in Riverside to
Miss Doris Moulton. Bonnett attended
Stanford previous to the war, and was
a younger brother of E. Mortimer Bon
nett, 'IS, who held the Conference rec
ord in the' half-mile. Miss Moulton
graduated from the University of Cali
fornia in the class of '19. The matron
of honor will be Irene Bonnett Doris,
'19. Miss Dorris is a member of Delta
Gamma. Both William and Mortimer
'Bonnett were members of Encina Club.
William B. Bonnett, ex-'lB, will be
married on Saturday in Riverside to
Miss Doris Moulton. Bonnett attended
Stanford previous to the war, and was
a younger brother of E. Mortimer Bon
nett, 'IS, who held the Conference rec
ord in the' half-mile. Miss Moulton
graduated from the University of Cali
fornia in the class of '19. The matron
of honor will be Irene Bonnett Doris,
'19. Miss Dorris is a member of Delta
Gamma. Both William and Mortimer
'Bonnett were members of Encina Club.
William B. Bonnett, ex-'lB, will be
married on Saturday in Riverside to
Miss Doris Moulton. Bonnett attended
Stanford previous to the war, and was
a younger brother of E. Mortimer Bon
nett, 'IS, who held the Conference rec
ord in the' half-mile. Miss Moulton
graduated from the University of Cali
fornia in the class of '19. The matron
of honor will be Irene Bonnett Doris,
'19. Miss Dorris is a member of Delta
Gamma. Both William and Mortimer
'Bonnett were members of Encina Club.
William B. Bonnett, ex-'lB, will be
married on Saturday in Riverside to
Miss Doris Moulton. Bonnett attended
Stanford previous to the war, and was
a younger brother of E. Mortimer Bon
nett, 'IS, who held the Conference rec
ord in the' half-mile. Miss Moulton
graduated from the University of Cali
fornia in the class of '19. The matron
of honor will be Irene Bonnett Doris,
'19. Miss Dorris is a member of Delta
Gamma. Both William and Mortimer
'Bonnett were members of Encina Club.
William B. Bonnett, ex-'lB, will be
married on Saturday in Riverside to
Miss Doris Moulton. Bonnett attended
Stanford previous to the war, and was
a younger brother of E. Mortimer Bon
nett, 'IS, who held the Conference rec
ord in the' half-mile. Miss Moulton
graduated from the University of Cali
fornia in the class of '19. The matron
of honor will be Irene Bonnett Doris,
'19. Miss Dorris is a member of Delta
Gamma. Both William and Mortimer
'Bonnett were members of Encina Club.
William B. Bonnett, ex-'lB, will be
married on Saturday in Riverside to
Miss Doris Moulton. Bonnett attended
Stanford previous to the war, and was
a younger brother of E. Mortimer Bon
nett, 'IS, who held the Conference rec
ord in the' half-mile. Miss Moulton
graduated from the University of Cali
fornia in the class of '19. The matron
of honor will be Irene Bonnett Doris,
'19. Miss Dorris is a member of Delta
Gamma. Both William and Mortimer
'Bonnett were members of Encina Club.
William B. Bonnett, ex-'lB, will be
married on Saturday in Riverside to
Miss Doris Moulton. Bonnett attended
Stanford previous to the war, and was
a younger brother of E. Mortimer Bon
nett, 'IS, who held the Conference rec
ord in the' half-mile. Miss Moulton
graduated from the University of Cali
fornia in the class of '19. The matron
of honor will be Irene Bonnett Doris,
'19. Miss Dorris is a member of Delta
Gamma. Both William and Mortimer
'Bonnett were members of Encina Club.
William B. Bonnett, ex-'lB, will be
married on Saturday in Riverside to
Miss Doris Moulton. Bonnett attended
Stanford previous to the war, and was
a younger brother of E. Mortimer Bon
nett, 'IS, who held the Conference rec
ord in the' half-mile. Miss Moulton
graduated from the University of Cali
fornia in the class of '19. The matron
of honor will be Irene Bonnett Doris,
'19. Miss Dorris is a member of Delta
Gamma. Both William and Mortimer
'Bonnett were members of Encina Club.
William B. Bonnett, ex-'lB, will be
married on Saturday in Riverside to
Miss Doris Moulton. Bonnett attended
Stanford previous to the war, and was
a younger brother of E. Mortimer Bon
nett, 'IS, who held the Conference rec
ord in the' half-mile. Miss Moulton
graduated from the University of Cali
fornia in the class of '19. The matron
of honor will be Irene Bonnett Doris,
'19. Miss Dorris is a member of Delta
Gamma. Both William and Mortimer
'Bonnett were members of Encina Club.
William B. Bonnett, ex-'lB, will be
married on Saturday in Riverside to
Miss Doris Moulton. Bonnett attended
Stanford previous to the war, and was
a younger brother of E. Mortimer Bon
nett, 'IS, who held the Conference rec
ord in the' half-mile. Miss Moulton
graduated from the University of Cali
fornia in the class of '19. The matron
of honor will be Irene Bonnett Doris,
'19. Miss Dorris is a member of Delta
Gamma. Both William and Mortimer
'Bonnett were members of Encina Club.
William B. Bonnett, ex-'lB, will be
married on Saturday in Riverside to
Miss Doris Moulton. Bonnett attended
Stanford previous to the war, and was
a younger brother of E. Mortimer Bon
nett, 'IS, who held the Conference rec
ord in the' half-mile. Miss Moulton
graduated from the University of Cali
fornia in the class of '19. The matron
of honor will be Irene Bonnett Doris,
'19. Miss Dorris is a member of Delta
Gamma. Both William and Mortimer
'Bonnett were members of Encina Club.
William B. Bonnett, ex-'lB, will be
married on Saturday in Riverside to
Miss Doris Moulton. Bonnett attended
Stanford previous to the war, and was
a younger brother of E. Mortimer Bon
nett, 'IS, who held the Conference rec
ord in the' half-mile. Miss Moulton
graduated from the University of Cali
fornia in the class of '19. The matron
of honor will be Irene Bonnett Doris,
'19. Miss Dorris is a member of Delta
Gamma. Both William and Mortimer
'Bonnett were members of Encina Club.
