# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The recent football games in
which both Stanford elevens were
scored on in the lirst half by their
opponents go far towards demon
strating the fact that the team with
the most training and discipline
wins the game. Scoring in the lirst
part of a game is disastrous unless
a team has the steadiness and sta
bility necessary to keep it from go
ing to pieces. The necessity of
playing with the utmost skill and
care throughout an entire game
should not be a new lesson to Stan
ford football men.
The recent football games in
which both Stanford elevens were
scored on in the lirst half by their
opponents go far towards demon
strating the fact that the team with
the most training and discipline
wins the game. Scoring in the lirst
part of a game is disastrous unless
a team has the steadiness and sta
bility necessary to keep it from go
ing to pieces. The necessity of
playing with the utmost skill and
care throughout an entire game
should not be a new lesson to Stan
ford football men.
The recent football games in
which both Stanford elevens were
scored on in the lirst half by their
opponents go far towards demon
strating the fact that the team with
the most training and discipline
wins the game. Scoring in the lirst
part of a game is disastrous unless
a team has the steadiness and sta
bility necessary to keep it from go
ing to pieces. The necessity of
playing with the utmost skill and
care throughout an entire game
should not be a new lesson to Stan
ford football men.
The recent football games in
which both Stanford elevens were
scored on in the lirst half by their
opponents go far towards demon
strating the fact that the team with
the most training and discipline
wins the game. Scoring in the lirst
part of a game is disastrous unless
a team has the steadiness and sta
bility necessary to keep it from go
ing to pieces. The necessity of
playing with the utmost skill and
care throughout an entire game
should not be a new lesson to Stan
ford football men.
The recent football games in
which both Stanford elevens were
scored on in the lirst half by their
opponents go far towards demon
strating the fact that the team with
the most training and discipline
wins the game. Scoring in the lirst
part of a game is disastrous unless
a team has the steadiness and sta
bility necessary to keep it from go
ing to pieces. The necessity of
playing with the utmost skill and
care throughout an entire game
should not be a new lesson to Stan
ford football men.
