# Freshman Soccer Team to Compete With California
## 
### 
At the request of the University of
California, Stanford will put a fresh
men soccer team in the field to com
pete against the first year team of
the state institution. Two games will
be played, one at California on the
morning of November 18, as the pre
liminary to the varsity soccer con
test. This is the day of the Cali
fornia-Washington football game. The
second freshman contest will be
played her on November 25, also as
a preliminary game to the second
varsity clash with the Berkeley team.
Freshmen dropped from rugby are es
pecially urged by Instructor Maloney
to report at the soccer field. Fresh
men practice will begin immediately.
At the request of the University of
California, Stanford will put a fresh
men soccer team in the field to com
pete against the first year team of
the state institution. Two games will
be played, one at California on the
morning of November 18, as the pre
liminary to the varsity soccer con
test. This is the day of the Cali
fornia-Washington football game. The
second freshman contest will be
played her on November 25, also as
a preliminary game to the second
varsity clash with the Berkeley team.
Freshmen dropped from rugby are es
pecially urged by Instructor Maloney
to report at the soccer field. Fresh
men practice will begin immediately.
At the request of the University of
California, Stanford will put a fresh
men soccer team in the field to com
pete against the first year team of
the state institution. Two games will
be played, one at California on the
morning of November 18, as the pre
liminary to the varsity soccer con
test. This is the day of the Cali
fornia-Washington football game. The
second freshman contest will be
played her on November 25, also as
a preliminary game to the second
varsity clash with the Berkeley team.
Freshmen dropped from rugby are es
pecially urged by Instructor Maloney
to report at the soccer field. Fresh
men practice will begin immediately.
At the request of the University of
California, Stanford will put a fresh
men soccer team in the field to com
pete against the first year team of
the state institution. Two games will
be played, one at California on the
morning of November 18, as the pre
liminary to the varsity soccer con
test. This is the day of the Cali
fornia-Washington football game. The
second freshman contest will be
played her on November 25, also as
a preliminary game to the second
varsity clash with the Berkeley team.
Freshmen dropped from rugby are es
pecially urged by Instructor Maloney
to report at the soccer field. Fresh
men practice will begin immediately.
At the request of the University of
California, Stanford will put a fresh
men soccer team in the field to com
pete against the first year team of
the state institution. Two games will
be played, one at California on the
morning of November 18, as the pre
liminary to the varsity soccer con
test. This is the day of the Cali
fornia-Washington football game. The
second freshman contest will be
played her on November 25, also as
a preliminary game to the second
varsity clash with the Berkeley team.
Freshmen dropped from rugby are es
pecially urged by Instructor Maloney
to report at the soccer field. Fresh
men practice will begin immediately.
At the request of the University of
California, Stanford will put a fresh
men soccer team in the field to com
pete against the first year team of
the state institution. Two games will
be played, one at California on the
morning of November 18, as the pre
liminary to the varsity soccer con
test. This is the day of the Cali
fornia-Washington football game. The
second freshman contest will be
played her on November 25, also as
a preliminary game to the second
varsity clash with the Berkeley team.
Freshmen dropped from rugby are es
pecially urged by Instructor Maloney
to report at the soccer field. Fresh
men practice will begin immediately.
At the request of the University of
California, Stanford will put a fresh
men soccer team in the field to com
pete against the first year team of
the state institution. Two games will
be played, one at California on the
morning of November 18, as the pre
liminary to the varsity soccer con
test. This is the day of the Cali
fornia-Washington football game. The
second freshman contest will be
played her on November 25, also as
a preliminary game to the second
varsity clash with the Berkeley team.
Freshmen dropped from rugby are es
pecially urged by Instructor Maloney
to report at the soccer field. Fresh
men practice will begin immediately.
At the request of the University of
California, Stanford will put a fresh
men soccer team in the field to com
pete against the first year team of
the state institution. Two games will
be played, one at California on the
morning of November 18, as the pre
liminary to the varsity soccer con
test. This is the day of the Cali
fornia-Washington football game. The
second freshman contest will be
played her on November 25, also as
a preliminary game to the second
varsity clash with the Berkeley team.
Freshmen dropped from rugby are es
pecially urged by Instructor Maloney
to report at the soccer field. Fresh
men practice will begin immediately.
At the request of the University of
California, Stanford will put a fresh
men soccer team in the field to com
pete against the first year team of
the state institution. Two games will
be played, one at California on the
morning of November 18, as the pre
liminary to the varsity soccer con
test. This is the day of the Cali
fornia-Washington football game. The
second freshman contest will be
played her on November 25, also as
a preliminary game to the second
varsity clash with the Berkeley team.
Freshmen dropped from rugby are es
pecially urged by Instructor Maloney
to report at the soccer field. Fresh
men practice will begin immediately.
At the request of the University of
California, Stanford will put a fresh
men soccer team in the field to com
pete against the first year team of
the state institution. Two games will
be played, one at California on the
morning of November 18, as the pre
liminary to the varsity soccer con
test. This is the day of the Cali
fornia-Washington football game. The
second freshman contest will be
played her on November 25, also as
a preliminary game to the second
varsity clash with the Berkeley team.
Freshmen dropped from rugby are es
pecially urged by Instructor Maloney
to report at the soccer field. Fresh
men practice will begin immediately.
At the request of the University of
California, Stanford will put a fresh
men soccer team in the field to com
pete against the first year team of
the state institution. Two games will
be played, one at California on the
morning of November 18, as the pre
liminary to the varsity soccer con
test. This is the day of the Cali
fornia-Washington football game. The
second freshman contest will be
played her on November 25, also as
a preliminary game to the second
varsity clash with the Berkeley team.
Freshmen dropped from rugby are es
pecially urged by Instructor Maloney
to report at the soccer field. Fresh
men practice will begin immediately.
At the request of the University of
California, Stanford will put a fresh
men soccer team in the field to com
pete against the first year team of
the state institution. Two games will
be played, one at California on the
morning of November 18, as the pre
liminary to the varsity soccer con
test. This is the day of the Cali
fornia-Washington football game. The
second freshman contest will be
played her on November 25, also as
a preliminary game to the second
varsity clash with the Berkeley team.
Freshmen dropped from rugby are es
pecially urged by Instructor Maloney
to report at the soccer field. Fresh
men practice will begin immediately.
At the request of the University of
California, Stanford will put a fresh
men soccer team in the field to com
pete against the first year team of
the state institution. Two games will
be played, one at California on the
morning of November 18, as the pre
liminary to the varsity soccer con
test. This is the day of the Cali
fornia-Washington football game. The
second freshman contest will be
played her on November 25, also as
a preliminary game to the second
varsity clash with the Berkeley team.
Freshmen dropped from rugby are es
pecially urged by Instructor Maloney
to report at the soccer field. Fresh
men practice will begin immediately.
At the request of the University of
California, Stanford will put a fresh
men soccer team in the field to com
pete against the first year team of
the state institution. Two games will
be played, one at California on the
morning of November 18, as the pre
liminary to the varsity soccer con
test. This is the day of the Cali
fornia-Washington football game. The
second freshman contest will be
played her on November 25, also as
a preliminary game to the second
varsity clash with the Berkeley team.
Freshmen dropped from rugby are es
pecially urged by Instructor Maloney
to report at the soccer field. Fresh
men practice will begin immediately.
