# Peanut League Has Arranged Schedule
## Fall Baseball Begins With White Sox vs. Red Sox; Dodgers vs. Giants 
### 
Following a gathering of men inter
ested in baseball, held last week, the
four captains of the 1916 Peanut
League compiled a schedule of games
and made out a list of prospective
lineups for the series to be played
beginning tomorrow afternoon. Four
games will be played each week, the
faculty and auxiliary diamonds being
used. The varsity Held is now being
used by the men playing soccer. The
men who will captain the squads are
"llerk" Bihlman, "Canary" Campbell,
"Hill" Noonan, and "Mitch" Mitchell.
Schedule of Gnmes.
The schedule of games is as fol
lows: September 25, 2G. 28 and 29 —
White Sox vs. Red Sox on auxiliary
diamond, and Dodgers vs. Giants on
faculty field. October 2, 3, 5 and 6 —
Red Sox and Dodgers on auxiliary
lot, and White Sox vs. Giants on fac
ulty field. October 9, 10, 12 and 13 —
White Sox against Dodgers on aux
iliary field, and Giants vs. Red Sox
on faculty field. October 16, 17, 19
and 20 —Giants and Dodgers on aux-
