# Dr. Jordan Discusses Villa's Raid at Border
## 
### 
In a lecturc delivered last night in
the Berkeley high school auditorium,
Dr. David Starr Jordan made the
statement that the raid made by Villa
on the United States was in revenge
for the supposed iil treatment of
twenty Mexican prisoners in an El
Paso jail. The address was made be
fore a meeting of Mexican property
owners. Dr. Jordan also announced
that California women were going to
hold a joint meeting with the women
of Sonora, Mexico, at Ilermosillo,
Mexico, to discuss the furtherance of
woman suffrage in that country.
In a lecturc delivered last night in
the Berkeley high school auditorium,
Dr. David Starr Jordan made the
statement that the raid made by Villa
on the United States was in revenge
for the supposed iil treatment of
twenty Mexican prisoners in an El
Paso jail. The address was made be
fore a meeting of Mexican property
owners. Dr. Jordan also announced
that California women were going to
hold a joint meeting with the women
of Sonora, Mexico, at Ilermosillo,
Mexico, to discuss the furtherance of
woman suffrage in that country.
In a lecturc delivered last night in
the Berkeley high school auditorium,
Dr. David Starr Jordan made the
statement that the raid made by Villa
on the United States was in revenge
for the supposed iil treatment of
twenty Mexican prisoners in an El
Paso jail. The address was made be
fore a meeting of Mexican property
owners. Dr. Jordan also announced
that California women were going to
hold a joint meeting with the women
of Sonora, Mexico, at Ilermosillo,
Mexico, to discuss the furtherance of
woman suffrage in that country.
In a lecturc delivered last night in
the Berkeley high school auditorium,
Dr. David Starr Jordan made the
statement that the raid made by Villa
on the United States was in revenge
for the supposed iil treatment of
twenty Mexican prisoners in an El
Paso jail. The address was made be
fore a meeting of Mexican property
owners. Dr. Jordan also announced
that California women were going to
hold a joint meeting with the women
of Sonora, Mexico, at Ilermosillo,
Mexico, to discuss the furtherance of
woman suffrage in that country.
In a lecturc delivered last night in
the Berkeley high school auditorium,
Dr. David Starr Jordan made the
statement that the raid made by Villa
on the United States was in revenge
for the supposed iil treatment of
twenty Mexican prisoners in an El
Paso jail. The address was made be
fore a meeting of Mexican property
owners. Dr. Jordan also announced
that California women were going to
hold a joint meeting with the women
of Sonora, Mexico, at Ilermosillo,
Mexico, to discuss the furtherance of
woman suffrage in that country.
In a lecturc delivered last night in
the Berkeley high school auditorium,
Dr. David Starr Jordan made the
statement that the raid made by Villa
on the United States was in revenge
for the supposed iil treatment of
twenty Mexican prisoners in an El
Paso jail. The address was made be
fore a meeting of Mexican property
owners. Dr. Jordan also announced
that California women were going to
hold a joint meeting with the women
of Sonora, Mexico, at Ilermosillo,
Mexico, to discuss the furtherance of
woman suffrage in that country.
In a lecturc delivered last night in
the Berkeley high school auditorium,
Dr. David Starr Jordan made the
statement that the raid made by Villa
on the United States was in revenge
for the supposed iil treatment of
twenty Mexican prisoners in an El
Paso jail. The address was made be
fore a meeting of Mexican property
owners. Dr. Jordan also announced
that California women were going to
hold a joint meeting with the women
of Sonora, Mexico, at Ilermosillo,
Mexico, to discuss the furtherance of
woman suffrage in that country.
In a lecturc delivered last night in
the Berkeley high school auditorium,
Dr. David Starr Jordan made the
statement that the raid made by Villa
on the United States was in revenge
for the supposed iil treatment of
twenty Mexican prisoners in an El
Paso jail. The address was made be
fore a meeting of Mexican property
owners. Dr. Jordan also announced
that California women were going to
hold a joint meeting with the women
of Sonora, Mexico, at Ilermosillo,
Mexico, to discuss the furtherance of
woman suffrage in that country.
In a lecturc delivered last night in
the Berkeley high school auditorium,
Dr. David Starr Jordan made the
statement that the raid made by Villa
on the United States was in revenge
for the supposed iil treatment of
twenty Mexican prisoners in an El
Paso jail. The address was made be
fore a meeting of Mexican property
owners. Dr. Jordan also announced
that California women were going to
hold a joint meeting with the women
of Sonora, Mexico, at Ilermosillo,
Mexico, to discuss the furtherance of
woman suffrage in that country.
In a lecturc delivered last night in
the Berkeley high school auditorium,
Dr. David Starr Jordan made the
statement that the raid made by Villa
on the United States was in revenge
for the supposed iil treatment of
twenty Mexican prisoners in an El
Paso jail. The address was made be
fore a meeting of Mexican property
owners. Dr. Jordan also announced
that California women were going to
hold a joint meeting with the women
of Sonora, Mexico, at Ilermosillo,
Mexico, to discuss the furtherance of
woman suffrage in that country.
In a lecturc delivered last night in
the Berkeley high school auditorium,
Dr. David Starr Jordan made the
statement that the raid made by Villa
on the United States was in revenge
for the supposed iil treatment of
twenty Mexican prisoners in an El
Paso jail. The address was made be
fore a meeting of Mexican property
owners. Dr. Jordan also announced
that California women were going to
hold a joint meeting with the women
of Sonora, Mexico, at Ilermosillo,
Mexico, to discuss the furtherance of
woman suffrage in that country.
In a lecturc delivered last night in
the Berkeley high school auditorium,
Dr. David Starr Jordan made the
statement that the raid made by Villa
on the United States was in revenge
for the supposed iil treatment of
twenty Mexican prisoners in an El
Paso jail. The address was made be
fore a meeting of Mexican property
owners. Dr. Jordan also announced
that California women were going to
hold a joint meeting with the women
of Sonora, Mexico, at Ilermosillo,
Mexico, to discuss the furtherance of
woman suffrage in that country.
In a lecturc delivered last night in
the Berkeley high school auditorium,
Dr. David Starr Jordan made the
statement that the raid made by Villa
on the United States was in revenge
for the supposed iil treatment of
twenty Mexican prisoners in an El
Paso jail. The address was made be
fore a meeting of Mexican property
owners. Dr. Jordan also announced
that California women were going to
hold a joint meeting with the women
of Sonora, Mexico, at Ilermosillo,
Mexico, to discuss the furtherance of
woman suffrage in that country.
In a lecturc delivered last night in
the Berkeley high school auditorium,
Dr. David Starr Jordan made the
statement that the raid made by Villa
on the United States was in revenge
for the supposed iil treatment of
twenty Mexican prisoners in an El
Paso jail. The address was made be
fore a meeting of Mexican property
owners. Dr. Jordan also announced
that California women were going to
hold a joint meeting with the women
of Sonora, Mexico, at Ilermosillo,
Mexico, to discuss the furtherance of
woman suffrage in that country.
