# FRESHMEN VANQUISH PALO ALTO HIGH, 9-3
## 
### 
Overcoming a two-run lead in the
fourth inning, the freshman baseball
team defeated Palo Alto High School,
9 to 3, in a well-played game, Thurs
day. The 1925 wrecking crew got
under way in the fourth and piled up
nine runs in the next five innings.
Teague went the full distance for
the freshmen and was only in danger
once in the second inning when the
high school lads scored two of their
runs.
Overcoming a two-run lead in the
fourth inning, the freshman baseball
team defeated Palo Alto High School,
9 to 3, in a well-played game, Thurs
day. The 1925 wrecking crew got
under way in the fourth and piled up
nine runs in the next five innings.
Teague went the full distance for
the freshmen and was only in danger
once in the second inning when the
high school lads scored two of their
runs.
Overcoming a two-run lead in the
fourth inning, the freshman baseball
team defeated Palo Alto High School,
9 to 3, in a well-played game, Thurs
day. The 1925 wrecking crew got
under way in the fourth and piled up
nine runs in the next five innings.
Teague went the full distance for
the freshmen and was only in danger
once in the second inning when the
high school lads scored two of their
runs.
Overcoming a two-run lead in the
fourth inning, the freshman baseball
team defeated Palo Alto High School,
9 to 3, in a well-played game, Thurs
day. The 1925 wrecking crew got
under way in the fourth and piled up
nine runs in the next five innings.
Teague went the full distance for
the freshmen and was only in danger
once in the second inning when the
high school lads scored two of their
runs.
Overcoming a two-run lead in the
fourth inning, the freshman baseball
team defeated Palo Alto High School,
9 to 3, in a well-played game, Thurs
day. The 1925 wrecking crew got
under way in the fourth and piled up
nine runs in the next five innings.
Teague went the full distance for
the freshmen and was only in danger
once in the second inning when the
high school lads scored two of their
runs.
Overcoming a two-run lead in the
fourth inning, the freshman baseball
team defeated Palo Alto High School,
9 to 3, in a well-played game, Thurs
day. The 1925 wrecking crew got
under way in the fourth and piled up
nine runs in the next five innings.
Teague went the full distance for
the freshmen and was only in danger
once in the second inning when the
high school lads scored two of their
runs.
Overcoming a two-run lead in the
fourth inning, the freshman baseball
team defeated Palo Alto High School,
9 to 3, in a well-played game, Thurs
day. The 1925 wrecking crew got
under way in the fourth and piled up
nine runs in the next five innings.
Teague went the full distance for
the freshmen and was only in danger
once in the second inning when the
high school lads scored two of their
runs.
Overcoming a two-run lead in the
fourth inning, the freshman baseball
team defeated Palo Alto High School,
9 to 3, in a well-played game, Thurs
day. The 1925 wrecking crew got
under way in the fourth and piled up
nine runs in the next five innings.
Teague went the full distance for
the freshmen and was only in danger
once in the second inning when the
high school lads scored two of their
runs.
Overcoming a two-run lead in the
fourth inning, the freshman baseball
team defeated Palo Alto High School,
9 to 3, in a well-played game, Thurs
day. The 1925 wrecking crew got
under way in the fourth and piled up
nine runs in the next five innings.
Teague went the full distance for
the freshmen and was only in danger
once in the second inning when the
high school lads scored two of their
runs.
Overcoming a two-run lead in the
fourth inning, the freshman baseball
team defeated Palo Alto High School,
9 to 3, in a well-played game, Thurs
day. The 1925 wrecking crew got
under way in the fourth and piled up
nine runs in the next five innings.
Teague went the full distance for
the freshmen and was only in danger
once in the second inning when the
high school lads scored two of their
runs.
Overcoming a two-run lead in the
fourth inning, the freshman baseball
team defeated Palo Alto High School,
9 to 3, in a well-played game, Thurs
day. The 1925 wrecking crew got
under way in the fourth and piled up
nine runs in the next five innings.
Teague went the full distance for
the freshmen and was only in danger
once in the second inning when the
high school lads scored two of their
runs.
Overcoming a two-run lead in the
fourth inning, the freshman baseball
team defeated Palo Alto High School,
9 to 3, in a well-played game, Thurs
day. The 1925 wrecking crew got
under way in the fourth and piled up
nine runs in the next five innings.
Teague went the full distance for
the freshmen and was only in danger
once in the second inning when the
high school lads scored two of their
runs.
Overcoming a two-run lead in the
fourth inning, the freshman baseball
team defeated Palo Alto High School,
9 to 3, in a well-played game, Thurs
day. The 1925 wrecking crew got
under way in the fourth and piled up
nine runs in the next five innings.
Teague went the full distance for
the freshmen and was only in danger
once in the second inning when the
high school lads scored two of their
runs.
Overcoming a two-run lead in the
fourth inning, the freshman baseball
team defeated Palo Alto High School,
9 to 3, in a well-played game, Thurs
day. The 1925 wrecking crew got
under way in the fourth and piled up
nine runs in the next five innings.
Teague went the full distance for
the freshmen and was only in danger
once in the second inning when the
high school lads scored two of their
runs.
