# A 						Beauty Hint
## 
### 
This request came to us today from
headquarters, wherever that oracular
and fearsome place may be. To the
effect that weird labels, placards, pos
ters, and other forms of advertisement
have made portions of the campus and
Quad look like an overdue rummage
sale.
Wall and window announcements
are a necessary part of publicity cam
paigns. They center attention on the
productions of dramatic, musical, de
hating, and multifarious other kinds
of societies which exist for public en
tertainment. Usually they are attrac
tive and interesting, so long as they
are new.
After the glad events that have come
and gone, it is high time to have a
cleanup of the notices. If the enter
tainments are deserving, they can live
in our memories, and there is no need
for the litter of advance printed
legends.
Publicity managers, or whoever is
responsible, clean up the advertise
ments after they have served their
purpose. Take them off the telegraph
poles and out of the windows. For the
sake of the Campus Beautiful.
This request came to us today from
headquarters, wherever that oracular
and fearsome place may be. To the
effect that weird labels, placards, pos
ters, and other forms of advertisement
have made portions of the campus and
Quad look like an overdue rummage
sale.
Wall and window announcements
are a necessary part of publicity cam
paigns. They center attention on the
productions of dramatic, musical, de
hating, and multifarious other kinds
of societies which exist for public en
tertainment. Usually they are attrac
tive and interesting, so long as they
are new.
After the glad events that have come
and gone, it is high time to have a
cleanup of the notices. If the enter
tainments are deserving, they can live
in our memories, and there is no need
for the litter of advance printed
legends.
Publicity managers, or whoever is
responsible, clean up the advertise
ments after they have served their
purpose. Take them off the telegraph
poles and out of the windows. For the
sake of the Campus Beautiful.
This request came to us today from
headquarters, wherever that oracular
and fearsome place may be. To the
effect that weird labels, placards, pos
ters, and other forms of advertisement
have made portions of the campus and
Quad look like an overdue rummage
sale.
Wall and window announcements
are a necessary part of publicity cam
paigns. They center attention on the
productions of dramatic, musical, de
hating, and multifarious other kinds
of societies which exist for public en
tertainment. Usually they are attrac
tive and interesting, so long as they
are new.
After the glad events that have come
and gone, it is high time to have a
cleanup of the notices. If the enter
tainments are deserving, they can live
in our memories, and there is no need
for the litter of advance printed
legends.
Publicity managers, or whoever is
responsible, clean up the advertise
ments after they have served their
purpose. Take them off the telegraph
poles and out of the windows. For the
sake of the Campus Beautiful.
This request came to us today from
headquarters, wherever that oracular
and fearsome place may be. To the
effect that weird labels, placards, pos
ters, and other forms of advertisement
have made portions of the campus and
Quad look like an overdue rummage
sale.
Wall and window announcements
are a necessary part of publicity cam
paigns. They center attention on the
productions of dramatic, musical, de
hating, and multifarious other kinds
of societies which exist for public en
tertainment. Usually they are attrac
tive and interesting, so long as they
are new.
After the glad events that have come
and gone, it is high time to have a
cleanup of the notices. If the enter
tainments are deserving, they can live
in our memories, and there is no need
for the litter of advance printed
legends.
Publicity managers, or whoever is
responsible, clean up the advertise
ments after they have served their
purpose. Take them off the telegraph
poles and out of the windows. For the
sake of the Campus Beautiful.
This request came to us today from
headquarters, wherever that oracular
and fearsome place may be. To the
effect that weird labels, placards, pos
ters, and other forms of advertisement
have made portions of the campus and
Quad look like an overdue rummage
sale.
Wall and window announcements
are a necessary part of publicity cam
paigns. They center attention on the
productions of dramatic, musical, de
hating, and multifarious other kinds
of societies which exist for public en
tertainment. Usually they are attrac
tive and interesting, so long as they
are new.
After the glad events that have come
and gone, it is high time to have a
cleanup of the notices. If the enter
tainments are deserving, they can live
in our memories, and there is no need
for the litter of advance printed
legends.
Publicity managers, or whoever is
responsible, clean up the advertise
ments after they have served their
purpose. Take them off the telegraph
poles and out of the windows. For the
sake of the Campus Beautiful.
This request came to us today from
headquarters, wherever that oracular
and fearsome place may be. To the
effect that weird labels, placards, pos
ters, and other forms of advertisement
have made portions of the campus and
Quad look like an overdue rummage
sale.
Wall and window announcements
are a necessary part of publicity cam
paigns. They center attention on the
productions of dramatic, musical, de
hating, and multifarious other kinds
of societies which exist for public en
tertainment. Usually they are attrac
tive and interesting, so long as they
are new.
After the glad events that have come
and gone, it is high time to have a
cleanup of the notices. If the enter
tainments are deserving, they can live
in our memories, and there is no need
for the litter of advance printed
legends.
Publicity managers, or whoever is
responsible, clean up the advertise
ments after they have served their
purpose. Take them off the telegraph
poles and out of the windows. For the
sake of the Campus Beautiful.
This request came to us today from
headquarters, wherever that oracular
and fearsome place may be. To the
effect that weird labels, placards, pos
ters, and other forms of advertisement
have made portions of the campus and
Quad look like an overdue rummage
sale.
Wall and window announcements
are a necessary part of publicity cam
paigns. They center attention on the
productions of dramatic, musical, de
hating, and multifarious other kinds
of societies which exist for public en
tertainment. Usually they are attrac
tive and interesting, so long as they
are new.
After the glad events that have come
and gone, it is high time to have a
cleanup of the notices. If the enter
tainments are deserving, they can live
in our memories, and there is no need
for the litter of advance printed
legends.
Publicity managers, or whoever is
responsible, clean up the advertise
ments after they have served their
purpose. Take them off the telegraph
poles and out of the windows. For the
sake of the Campus Beautiful.
This request came to us today from
headquarters, wherever that oracular
and fearsome place may be. To the
effect that weird labels, placards, pos
ters, and other forms of advertisement
have made portions of the campus and
Quad look like an overdue rummage
sale.
Wall and window announcements
are a necessary part of publicity cam
paigns. They center attention on the
productions of dramatic, musical, de
hating, and multifarious other kinds
of societies which exist for public en
tertainment. Usually they are attrac
tive and interesting, so long as they
are new.
After the glad events that have come
and gone, it is high time to have a
cleanup of the notices. If the enter
tainments are deserving, they can live
in our memories, and there is no need
for the litter of advance printed
legends.
Publicity managers, or whoever is
responsible, clean up the advertise
ments after they have served their
purpose. Take them off the telegraph
poles and out of the windows. For the
sake of the Campus Beautiful.
This request came to us today from
headquarters, wherever that oracular
and fearsome place may be. To the
effect that weird labels, placards, pos
ters, and other forms of advertisement
have made portions of the campus and
Quad look like an overdue rummage
sale.
Wall and window announcements
are a necessary part of publicity cam
paigns. They center attention on the
productions of dramatic, musical, de
hating, and multifarious other kinds
of societies which exist for public en
tertainment. Usually they are attrac
tive and interesting, so long as they
are new.
After the glad events that have come
and gone, it is high time to have a
cleanup of the notices. If the enter
tainments are deserving, they can live
in our memories, and there is no need
for the litter of advance printed
legends.
Publicity managers, or whoever is
responsible, clean up the advertise
ments after they have served their
purpose. Take them off the telegraph
poles and out of the windows. For the
sake of the Campus Beautiful.
This request came to us today from
headquarters, wherever that oracular
and fearsome place may be. To the
effect that weird labels, placards, pos
ters, and other forms of advertisement
have made portions of the campus and
Quad look like an overdue rummage
sale.
Wall and window announcements
are a necessary part of publicity cam
paigns. They center attention on the
productions of dramatic, musical, de
hating, and multifarious other kinds
of societies which exist for public en
tertainment. Usually they are attrac
tive and interesting, so long as they
are new.
After the glad events that have come
and gone, it is high time to have a
cleanup of the notices. If the enter
tainments are deserving, they can live
in our memories, and there is no need
for the litter of advance printed
legends.
Publicity managers, or whoever is
responsible, clean up the advertise
ments after they have served their
purpose. Take them off the telegraph
poles and out of the windows. For the
sake of the Campus Beautiful.
This request came to us today from
headquarters, wherever that oracular
and fearsome place may be. To the
effect that weird labels, placards, pos
ters, and other forms of advertisement
have made portions of the campus and
Quad look like an overdue rummage
sale.
Wall and window announcements
are a necessary part of publicity cam
paigns. They center attention on the
productions of dramatic, musical, de
hating, and multifarious other kinds
of societies which exist for public en
tertainment. Usually they are attrac
tive and interesting, so long as they
are new.
After the glad events that have come
and gone, it is high time to have a
cleanup of the notices. If the enter
tainments are deserving, they can live
in our memories, and there is no need
for the litter of advance printed
legends.
Publicity managers, or whoever is
responsible, clean up the advertise
ments after they have served their
purpose. Take them off the telegraph
poles and out of the windows. For the
sake of the Campus Beautiful.
This request came to us today from
headquarters, wherever that oracular
and fearsome place may be. To the
effect that weird labels, placards, pos
ters, and other forms of advertisement
have made portions of the campus and
Quad look like an overdue rummage
sale.
Wall and window announcements
are a necessary part of publicity cam
paigns. They center attention on the
productions of dramatic, musical, de
hating, and multifarious other kinds
of societies which exist for public en
tertainment. Usually they are attrac
tive and interesting, so long as they
are new.
After the glad events that have come
and gone, it is high time to have a
cleanup of the notices. If the enter
tainments are deserving, they can live
in our memories, and there is no need
for the litter of advance printed
legends.
Publicity managers, or whoever is
responsible, clean up the advertise
ments after they have served their
purpose. Take them off the telegraph
poles and out of the windows. For the
sake of the Campus Beautiful.
This request came to us today from
headquarters, wherever that oracular
and fearsome place may be. To the
effect that weird labels, placards, pos
ters, and other forms of advertisement
have made portions of the campus and
Quad look like an overdue rummage
sale.
Wall and window announcements
are a necessary part of publicity cam
paigns. They center attention on the
productions of dramatic, musical, de
hating, and multifarious other kinds
of societies which exist for public en
tertainment. Usually they are attrac
tive and interesting, so long as they
are new.
After the glad events that have come
and gone, it is high time to have a
cleanup of the notices. If the enter
tainments are deserving, they can live
in our memories, and there is no need
for the litter of advance printed
legends.
Publicity managers, or whoever is
responsible, clean up the advertise
ments after they have served their
purpose. Take them off the telegraph
poles and out of the windows. For the
sake of the Campus Beautiful.
