# SOPHOMORES FINISH COTILLION DETAILS
## 
### 
Definite plans for the schedule of
dances, car service, and decorations
have been consummated by the 1918
Cotillion Committee. A decision over
the vital question of refreshments has
not as yet been reachod, but the com
mittee declares that something novel
is in store.
The schedule of dances allows for
sixteen regular and two extra dances.
Every fourth dance will be a waltz.
The committee is making a great
effort to have the Cotillion commence
promptly at 8:1"). Two cars will be in
readiness at both the I'alo Alto and
the Stanford terminals of the Penin
sula railway in ample time to insure
service for Cotillion goers. All four
care are to lie in waiting at the gym
nasium at the close of the affair.
Although many of the details of the
decorations have not been decided
upon, the general idea will be Jap
anese.
The ticket sale for the Cotillion will
commence tomorrow at the Stanford
Hookstore.
