# MISS TARBELL TO ADDRESS WOMEN'S LEAGUE TOMORROW.
## 
### 
Miss Ida M. Tarbell will discuss
"Editorial and .Journalistic Work for
Women," at 4 :30 .tomorrow afternoon
before the Woman's League in Roble
Hall. In view of the increasing num
ber of women who have entered the
field of journalism in the past few
years, this topic should prove of pecu
liar interest to all women in the Uni
versity.
Miss Ida M. Tarbell will discuss
"Editorial and .Journalistic Work for
Women," at 4 :30 .tomorrow afternoon
before the Woman's League in Roble
Hall. In view of the increasing num
ber of women who have entered the
field of journalism in the past few
years, this topic should prove of pecu
liar interest to all women in the Uni
versity.
Miss Ida M. Tarbell will discuss
"Editorial and .Journalistic Work for
Women," at 4 :30 .tomorrow afternoon
before the Woman's League in Roble
Hall. In view of the increasing num
ber of women who have entered the
field of journalism in the past few
years, this topic should prove of pecu
liar interest to all women in the Uni
versity.
Miss Ida M. Tarbell will discuss
"Editorial and .Journalistic Work for
Women," at 4 :30 .tomorrow afternoon
before the Woman's League in Roble
Hall. In view of the increasing num
ber of women who have entered the
field of journalism in the past few
years, this topic should prove of pecu
liar interest to all women in the Uni
versity.
Miss Ida M. Tarbell will discuss
"Editorial and .Journalistic Work for
Women," at 4 :30 .tomorrow afternoon
before the Woman's League in Roble
Hall. In view of the increasing num
ber of women who have entered the
field of journalism in the past few
years, this topic should prove of pecu
liar interest to all women in the Uni
versity.
Miss Ida M. Tarbell will discuss
"Editorial and .Journalistic Work for
Women," at 4 :30 .tomorrow afternoon
before the Woman's League in Roble
Hall. In view of the increasing num
ber of women who have entered the
field of journalism in the past few
years, this topic should prove of pecu
liar interest to all women in the Uni
versity.
Miss Ida M. Tarbell will discuss
"Editorial and .Journalistic Work for
Women," at 4 :30 .tomorrow afternoon
before the Woman's League in Roble
Hall. In view of the increasing num
ber of women who have entered the
field of journalism in the past few
years, this topic should prove of pecu
liar interest to all women in the Uni
versity.
Miss Ida M. Tarbell will discuss
"Editorial and .Journalistic Work for
Women," at 4 :30 .tomorrow afternoon
before the Woman's League in Roble
Hall. In view of the increasing num
ber of women who have entered the
field of journalism in the past few
years, this topic should prove of pecu
liar interest to all women in the Uni
versity.
Miss Ida M. Tarbell will discuss
"Editorial and .Journalistic Work for
Women," at 4 :30 .tomorrow afternoon
before the Woman's League in Roble
Hall. In view of the increasing num
ber of women who have entered the
field of journalism in the past few
years, this topic should prove of pecu
liar interest to all women in the Uni
versity.
Miss Ida M. Tarbell will discuss
"Editorial and .Journalistic Work for
Women," at 4 :30 .tomorrow afternoon
before the Woman's League in Roble
Hall. In view of the increasing num
ber of women who have entered the
field of journalism in the past few
years, this topic should prove of pecu
liar interest to all women in the Uni
versity.
Miss Ida M. Tarbell will discuss
"Editorial and .Journalistic Work for
Women," at 4 :30 .tomorrow afternoon
before the Woman's League in Roble
Hall. In view of the increasing num
ber of women who have entered the
field of journalism in the past few
years, this topic should prove of pecu
liar interest to all women in the Uni
versity.
Miss Ida M. Tarbell will discuss
"Editorial and .Journalistic Work for
Women," at 4 :30 .tomorrow afternoon
before the Woman's League in Roble
Hall. In view of the increasing num
ber of women who have entered the
field of journalism in the past few
years, this topic should prove of pecu
liar interest to all women in the Uni
versity.
