# Summer Work.
## 
### 
During 1910 vacation 1993 men were
engaged in selling "Wearever" Alumi
num Ware. The average profit of
each and every one of them was $8.05
per 7-hour day. The best 2207 men
averaged $13.70 profit per seven hour
day. Three fourths of these men had
never sold Aluminum before.
Thirty-four Stanford and Berkeley
students in the same period averaged
$1.10 profit for every hour worked.
Twenty-nine of these were selling
"Wearever" for the first time. Any
student can do as well as the average.
If this were a disagreeable house to
house canvassing work, would it be
possible to secure 1993 men in one
vacation? and in 1910 over 700 ap
plications for positions were refused.
District Manager C. A. Ricks will
be in Palo Alto the balance of this
week only and would be pleased to
have all students desiring information
to send their address to him at Palo
Alto P. O. Upon his arrival, he will
forward them a copy of a weekly
magazine giving names, addresses and
profits of all the 1993 men engaged
last vacation. Verify these figures.
Don't be fooled by big talk. Find out.
if the average is made by 2 or 2000.
