# Roble Club Plans Second All-Campus Tea of Year
## 
### 
| Roble Club will hold its second all
campus tea of the year next Tuesday
from 4 to t» o'clock. All campus women
are invited. The program will consist
of dancing. Edyth Allen Is in charge
of the afternoon.
| Roble Club will hold its second all
campus tea of the year next Tuesday
from 4 to t» o'clock. All campus women
are invited. The program will consist
of dancing. Edyth Allen Is in charge
of the afternoon.
| Roble Club will hold its second all
campus tea of the year next Tuesday
from 4 to t» o'clock. All campus women
are invited. The program will consist
of dancing. Edyth Allen Is in charge
of the afternoon.
| Roble Club will hold its second all
campus tea of the year next Tuesday
from 4 to t» o'clock. All campus women
are invited. The program will consist
of dancing. Edyth Allen Is in charge
of the afternoon.
| Roble Club will hold its second all
campus tea of the year next Tuesday
from 4 to t» o'clock. All campus women
are invited. The program will consist
of dancing. Edyth Allen Is in charge
of the afternoon.
| Roble Club will hold its second all
campus tea of the year next Tuesday
from 4 to t» o'clock. All campus women
are invited. The program will consist
of dancing. Edyth Allen Is in charge
of the afternoon.
| Roble Club will hold its second all
campus tea of the year next Tuesday
from 4 to t» o'clock. All campus women
are invited. The program will consist
of dancing. Edyth Allen Is in charge
of the afternoon.
| Roble Club will hold its second all
campus tea of the year next Tuesday
from 4 to t» o'clock. All campus women
are invited. The program will consist
of dancing. Edyth Allen Is in charge
of the afternoon.
| Roble Club will hold its second all
campus tea of the year next Tuesday
from 4 to t» o'clock. All campus women
are invited. The program will consist
of dancing. Edyth Allen Is in charge
of the afternoon.
| Roble Club will hold its second all
campus tea of the year next Tuesday
from 4 to t» o'clock. All campus women
are invited. The program will consist
of dancing. Edyth Allen Is in charge
of the afternoon.
| Roble Club will hold its second all
campus tea of the year next Tuesday
from 4 to t» o'clock. All campus women
are invited. The program will consist
of dancing. Edyth Allen Is in charge
of the afternoon.
| Roble Club will hold its second all
campus tea of the year next Tuesday
from 4 to t» o'clock. All campus women
are invited. The program will consist
of dancing. Edyth Allen Is in charge
of the afternoon.
| Roble Club will hold its second all
campus tea of the year next Tuesday
from 4 to t» o'clock. All campus women
are invited. The program will consist
of dancing. Edyth Allen Is in charge
of the afternoon.
| Roble Club will hold its second all
campus tea of the year next Tuesday
from 4 to t» o'clock. All campus women
are invited. The program will consist
of dancing. Edyth Allen Is in charge
of the afternoon.
| Roble Club will hold its second all
campus tea of the year next Tuesday
from 4 to t» o'clock. All campus women
are invited. The program will consist
of dancing. Edyth Allen Is in charge
of the afternoon.
