# "IT" IS TRACED TO STANFORD CAMPUS; "500" ARE HOPEFUL
## 
### 
Modern youth just must get "It"
one way or another, the proprie
tor of the California Theatre at
May field concluded after tracing
to the Stanford campus a large
size photograph of Clara Bow
which was abstracted from the
lobby of his theatre during the
run of her recent picture there.
Some scruples apparently re
mained in the heart of the ab
scondee, or perhaps it was a fine
point of ethical discrimination
which caused him to carefully
remove the actual photograph,
leaving the frame undisturbed as
consolation. The outraged pro
prietor gave this as his only rea
son for not following a strong
hunch and organizing a search
ing party in Encina, where some
proud freshman, doubtlessly over
whelmingly impressed by memo
ries of the Big Game, has added
this prize to hi 3 "it" gallery.
Oh, Clara ....
Modern youth just must get "It"
one way or another, the proprie
tor of the California Theatre at
May field concluded after tracing
to the Stanford campus a large
size photograph of Clara Bow
which was abstracted from the
lobby of his theatre during the
run of her recent picture there.
Some scruples apparently re
mained in the heart of the ab
scondee, or perhaps it was a fine
point of ethical discrimination
which caused him to carefully
remove the actual photograph,
leaving the frame undisturbed as
consolation. The outraged pro
prietor gave this as his only rea
son for not following a strong
hunch and organizing a search
ing party in Encina, where some
proud freshman, doubtlessly over
whelmingly impressed by memo
ries of the Big Game, has added
this prize to hi 3 "it" gallery.
Oh, Clara ....
Modern youth just must get "It"
one way or another, the proprie
tor of the California Theatre at
May field concluded after tracing
to the Stanford campus a large
size photograph of Clara Bow
which was abstracted from the
lobby of his theatre during the
run of her recent picture there.
Some scruples apparently re
mained in the heart of the ab
scondee, or perhaps it was a fine
point of ethical discrimination
which caused him to carefully
remove the actual photograph,
leaving the frame undisturbed as
consolation. The outraged pro
prietor gave this as his only rea
son for not following a strong
hunch and organizing a search
ing party in Encina, where some
proud freshman, doubtlessly over
whelmingly impressed by memo
ries of the Big Game, has added
this prize to hi 3 "it" gallery.
Oh, Clara ....
Modern youth just must get "It"
one way or another, the proprie
tor of the California Theatre at
May field concluded after tracing
to the Stanford campus a large
size photograph of Clara Bow
which was abstracted from the
lobby of his theatre during the
run of her recent picture there.
Some scruples apparently re
mained in the heart of the ab
scondee, or perhaps it was a fine
point of ethical discrimination
which caused him to carefully
remove the actual photograph,
leaving the frame undisturbed as
consolation. The outraged pro
prietor gave this as his only rea
son for not following a strong
hunch and organizing a search
ing party in Encina, where some
proud freshman, doubtlessly over
whelmingly impressed by memo
ries of the Big Game, has added
this prize to hi 3 "it" gallery.
Oh, Clara ....
Modern youth just must get "It"
one way or another, the proprie
tor of the California Theatre at
May field concluded after tracing
to the Stanford campus a large
size photograph of Clara Bow
which was abstracted from the
lobby of his theatre during the
run of her recent picture there.
Some scruples apparently re
mained in the heart of the ab
scondee, or perhaps it was a fine
point of ethical discrimination
which caused him to carefully
remove the actual photograph,
leaving the frame undisturbed as
consolation. The outraged pro
prietor gave this as his only rea
son for not following a strong
hunch and organizing a search
ing party in Encina, where some
proud freshman, doubtlessly over
whelmingly impressed by memo
ries of the Big Game, has added
this prize to hi 3 "it" gallery.
Oh, Clara ....
Modern youth just must get "It"
one way or another, the proprie
tor of the California Theatre at
May field concluded after tracing
to the Stanford campus a large
size photograph of Clara Bow
which was abstracted from the
lobby of his theatre during the
run of her recent picture there.
Some scruples apparently re
mained in the heart of the ab
scondee, or perhaps it was a fine
point of ethical discrimination
which caused him to carefully
remove the actual photograph,
leaving the frame undisturbed as
consolation. The outraged pro
prietor gave this as his only rea
son for not following a strong
hunch and organizing a search
ing party in Encina, where some
proud freshman, doubtlessly over
whelmingly impressed by memo
ries of the Big Game, has added
this prize to hi 3 "it" gallery.
Oh, Clara ....
Modern youth just must get "It"
one way or another, the proprie
tor of the California Theatre at
May field concluded after tracing
to the Stanford campus a large
size photograph of Clara Bow
which was abstracted from the
lobby of his theatre during the
run of her recent picture there.
Some scruples apparently re
mained in the heart of the ab
scondee, or perhaps it was a fine
point of ethical discrimination
which caused him to carefully
remove the actual photograph,
leaving the frame undisturbed as
consolation. The outraged pro
prietor gave this as his only rea
son for not following a strong
hunch and organizing a search
ing party in Encina, where some
proud freshman, doubtlessly over
whelmingly impressed by memo
ries of the Big Game, has added
this prize to hi 3 "it" gallery.
Oh, Clara ....
Modern youth just must get "It"
one way or another, the proprie
tor of the California Theatre at
May field concluded after tracing
to the Stanford campus a large
size photograph of Clara Bow
which was abstracted from the
lobby of his theatre during the
run of her recent picture there.
Some scruples apparently re
mained in the heart of the ab
scondee, or perhaps it was a fine
point of ethical discrimination
which caused him to carefully
remove the actual photograph,
leaving the frame undisturbed as
consolation. The outraged pro
prietor gave this as his only rea
son for not following a strong
hunch and organizing a search
ing party in Encina, where some
proud freshman, doubtlessly over
whelmingly impressed by memo
ries of the Big Game, has added
this prize to hi 3 "it" gallery.
Oh, Clara ....
Modern youth just must get "It"
one way or another, the proprie
tor of the California Theatre at
May field concluded after tracing
to the Stanford campus a large
size photograph of Clara Bow
which was abstracted from the
lobby of his theatre during the
run of her recent picture there.
Some scruples apparently re
mained in the heart of the ab
scondee, or perhaps it was a fine
point of ethical discrimination
which caused him to carefully
remove the actual photograph,
leaving the frame undisturbed as
consolation. The outraged pro
prietor gave this as his only rea
son for not following a strong
hunch and organizing a search
ing party in Encina, where some
proud freshman, doubtlessly over
whelmingly impressed by memo
ries of the Big Game, has added
this prize to hi 3 "it" gallery.
Oh, Clara ....
Modern youth just must get "It"
one way or another, the proprie
tor of the California Theatre at
May field concluded after tracing
to the Stanford campus a large
size photograph of Clara Bow
which was abstracted from the
lobby of his theatre during the
run of her recent picture there.
Some scruples apparently re
mained in the heart of the ab
scondee, or perhaps it was a fine
point of ethical discrimination
which caused him to carefully
remove the actual photograph,
leaving the frame undisturbed as
consolation. The outraged pro
prietor gave this as his only rea
son for not following a strong
hunch and organizing a search
ing party in Encina, where some
proud freshman, doubtlessly over
whelmingly impressed by memo
ries of the Big Game, has added
this prize to hi 3 "it" gallery.
Oh, Clara ....
Modern youth just must get "It"
one way or another, the proprie
tor of the California Theatre at
May field concluded after tracing
to the Stanford campus a large
size photograph of Clara Bow
which was abstracted from the
lobby of his theatre during the
run of her recent picture there.
Some scruples apparently re
mained in the heart of the ab
scondee, or perhaps it was a fine
point of ethical discrimination
which caused him to carefully
remove the actual photograph,
leaving the frame undisturbed as
consolation. The outraged pro
prietor gave this as his only rea
son for not following a strong
hunch and organizing a search
ing party in Encina, where some
proud freshman, doubtlessly over
whelmingly impressed by memo
ries of the Big Game, has added
this prize to hi 3 "it" gallery.
Oh, Clara ....
Modern youth just must get "It"
one way or another, the proprie
tor of the California Theatre at
May field concluded after tracing
to the Stanford campus a large
size photograph of Clara Bow
which was abstracted from the
lobby of his theatre during the
run of her recent picture there.
Some scruples apparently re
mained in the heart of the ab
scondee, or perhaps it was a fine
point of ethical discrimination
which caused him to carefully
remove the actual photograph,
leaving the frame undisturbed as
consolation. The outraged pro
prietor gave this as his only rea
son for not following a strong
hunch and organizing a search
ing party in Encina, where some
proud freshman, doubtlessly over
whelmingly impressed by memo
ries of the Big Game, has added
this prize to hi 3 "it" gallery.
Oh, Clara ....
Modern youth just must get "It"
one way or another, the proprie
tor of the California Theatre at
May field concluded after tracing
to the Stanford campus a large
size photograph of Clara Bow
which was abstracted from the
lobby of his theatre during the
run of her recent picture there.
Some scruples apparently re
mained in the heart of the ab
scondee, or perhaps it was a fine
point of ethical discrimination
which caused him to carefully
remove the actual photograph,
leaving the frame undisturbed as
consolation. The outraged pro
prietor gave this as his only rea
son for not following a strong
hunch and organizing a search
ing party in Encina, where some
proud freshman, doubtlessly over
whelmingly impressed by memo
ries of the Big Game, has added
this prize to hi 3 "it" gallery.
Oh, Clara ....
Modern youth just must get "It"
one way or another, the proprie
tor of the California Theatre at
May field concluded after tracing
to the Stanford campus a large
size photograph of Clara Bow
which was abstracted from the
lobby of his theatre during the
run of her recent picture there.
Some scruples apparently re
mained in the heart of the ab
scondee, or perhaps it was a fine
point of ethical discrimination
which caused him to carefully
remove the actual photograph,
leaving the frame undisturbed as
consolation. The outraged pro
prietor gave this as his only rea
son for not following a strong
hunch and organizing a search
ing party in Encina, where some
proud freshman, doubtlessly over
whelmingly impressed by memo
ries of the Big Game, has added
this prize to hi 3 "it" gallery.
Oh, Clara ....
Modern youth just must get "It"
one way or another, the proprie
tor of the California Theatre at
May field concluded after tracing
to the Stanford campus a large
size photograph of Clara Bow
which was abstracted from the
lobby of his theatre during the
run of her recent picture there.
Some scruples apparently re
mained in the heart of the ab
scondee, or perhaps it was a fine
point of ethical discrimination
which caused him to carefully
remove the actual photograph,
leaving the frame undisturbed as
consolation. The outraged pro
prietor gave this as his only rea
son for not following a strong
hunch and organizing a search
ing party in Encina, where some
proud freshman, doubtlessly over
whelmingly impressed by memo
ries of the Big Game, has added
this prize to hi 3 "it" gallery.
Oh, Clara ....
