# Supervision Started
## 
### 
Italian colleges and universities are
to come under Fascist supervision,
according to a recently published de
cree. The new orders empower the
cabinet to dismiss any professor for
political manifestations contrary to
the general policy of the group.
Italian colleges and universities are
to come under Fascist supervision,
according to a recently published de
cree. The new orders empower the
cabinet to dismiss any professor for
political manifestations contrary to
the general policy of the group.
Italian colleges and universities are
to come under Fascist supervision,
according to a recently published de
cree. The new orders empower the
cabinet to dismiss any professor for
political manifestations contrary to
the general policy of the group.
Italian colleges and universities are
to come under Fascist supervision,
according to a recently published de
cree. The new orders empower the
cabinet to dismiss any professor for
political manifestations contrary to
the general policy of the group.
Italian colleges and universities are
to come under Fascist supervision,
according to a recently published de
cree. The new orders empower the
cabinet to dismiss any professor for
political manifestations contrary to
the general policy of the group.
Italian colleges and universities are
to come under Fascist supervision,
according to a recently published de
cree. The new orders empower the
cabinet to dismiss any professor for
political manifestations contrary to
the general policy of the group.
Italian colleges and universities are
to come under Fascist supervision,
according to a recently published de
cree. The new orders empower the
cabinet to dismiss any professor for
political manifestations contrary to
the general policy of the group.
Italian colleges and universities are
to come under Fascist supervision,
according to a recently published de
cree. The new orders empower the
cabinet to dismiss any professor for
political manifestations contrary to
the general policy of the group.
Italian colleges and universities are
to come under Fascist supervision,
according to a recently published de
cree. The new orders empower the
cabinet to dismiss any professor for
political manifestations contrary to
the general policy of the group.
Italian colleges and universities are
to come under Fascist supervision,
according to a recently published de
cree. The new orders empower the
cabinet to dismiss any professor for
political manifestations contrary to
the general policy of the group.
Italian colleges and universities are
to come under Fascist supervision,
according to a recently published de
cree. The new orders empower the
cabinet to dismiss any professor for
political manifestations contrary to
the general policy of the group.
Italian colleges and universities are
to come under Fascist supervision,
according to a recently published de
cree. The new orders empower the
cabinet to dismiss any professor for
political manifestations contrary to
the general policy of the group.
Italian colleges and universities are
to come under Fascist supervision,
according to a recently published de
cree. The new orders empower the
cabinet to dismiss any professor for
political manifestations contrary to
the general policy of the group.
Italian colleges and universities are
to come under Fascist supervision,
according to a recently published de
cree. The new orders empower the
cabinet to dismiss any professor for
political manifestations contrary to
the general policy of the group.
Italian colleges and universities are
to come under Fascist supervision,
according to a recently published de
cree. The new orders empower the
cabinet to dismiss any professor for
political manifestations contrary to
the general policy of the group.
