# Adv. 12 Page 4
## 
### 
HOLLADAY OFFICERS
Holladay has elected Jeff Boss
hard, president; Paul Kuckein,
business manager; Chuck Coiner,
social chairman: and Ron Schnei
der. athletic chairman.
HOLLADAY OFFICERS
Holladay has elected Jeff Boss
hard, president; Paul Kuckein,
business manager; Chuck Coiner,
social chairman: and Ron Schnei
der. athletic chairman.
HOLLADAY OFFICERS
Holladay has elected Jeff Boss
hard, president; Paul Kuckein,
business manager; Chuck Coiner,
social chairman: and Ron Schnei
der. athletic chairman.
HOLLADAY OFFICERS
Holladay has elected Jeff Boss
hard, president; Paul Kuckein,
business manager; Chuck Coiner,
social chairman: and Ron Schnei
der. athletic chairman.
HOLLADAY OFFICERS
Holladay has elected Jeff Boss
hard, president; Paul Kuckein,
business manager; Chuck Coiner,
social chairman: and Ron Schnei
der. athletic chairman.
HOLLADAY OFFICERS
Holladay has elected Jeff Boss
hard, president; Paul Kuckein,
business manager; Chuck Coiner,
social chairman: and Ron Schnei
der. athletic chairman.
HOLLADAY OFFICERS
Holladay has elected Jeff Boss
hard, president; Paul Kuckein,
business manager; Chuck Coiner,
social chairman: and Ron Schnei
der. athletic chairman.
HOLLADAY OFFICERS
Holladay has elected Jeff Boss
hard, president; Paul Kuckein,
business manager; Chuck Coiner,
social chairman: and Ron Schnei
der. athletic chairman.
HOLLADAY OFFICERS
Holladay has elected Jeff Boss
hard, president; Paul Kuckein,
business manager; Chuck Coiner,
social chairman: and Ron Schnei
der. athletic chairman.
HOLLADAY OFFICERS
Holladay has elected Jeff Boss
hard, president; Paul Kuckein,
business manager; Chuck Coiner,
social chairman: and Ron Schnei
der. athletic chairman.
HOLLADAY OFFICERS
Holladay has elected Jeff Boss
hard, president; Paul Kuckein,
business manager; Chuck Coiner,
social chairman: and Ron Schnei
der. athletic chairman.
HOLLADAY OFFICERS
Holladay has elected Jeff Boss
hard, president; Paul Kuckein,
business manager; Chuck Coiner,
social chairman: and Ron Schnei
der. athletic chairman.
HOLLADAY OFFICERS
Holladay has elected Jeff Boss
hard, president; Paul Kuckein,
business manager; Chuck Coiner,
social chairman: and Ron Schnei
der. athletic chairman.
HOLLADAY OFFICERS
Holladay has elected Jeff Boss
hard, president; Paul Kuckein,
business manager; Chuck Coiner,
social chairman: and Ron Schnei
der. athletic chairman.
HOLLADAY OFFICERS
Holladay has elected Jeff Boss
hard, president; Paul Kuckein,
business manager; Chuck Coiner,
social chairman: and Ron Schnei
der. athletic chairman.
HOLLADAY OFFICERS
Holladay has elected Jeff Boss
hard, president; Paul Kuckein,
business manager; Chuck Coiner,
social chairman: and Ron Schnei
der. athletic chairman.
HOLLADAY OFFICERS
Holladay has elected Jeff Boss
hard, president; Paul Kuckein,
business manager; Chuck Coiner,
social chairman: and Ron Schnei
der. athletic chairman.
