# Soph Dance Friday Night
## 
### 
“A Night in San Francisco,”
“The Sophomore Cotillion, will
take place Friday night at The
Village in North Beach. The
entertainment for the occasion
is headlined by Bud Dashiell
and The Kinsmen, with the
bands of Dick Rhinehart and of
Sammy Blank playing from 9
to 1.

The Class of ’64 will be sell
ing tickets until Friday at En
gineering Corner and near the
Post Office from 9 o’clock to
1:15. The tickets cost sopho
mores 53.75 per couple and
other students, $4.50 per couple.
For those who need transpor
tation the sophomores have
chartered buses which will pick
up and deliver at all residence
halls on campus. The fare is
$2.45 per couple.
“A Night in San Francisco,”
“The Sophomore Cotillion, will
take place Friday night at The
Village in North Beach. The
entertainment for the occasion
is headlined by Bud Dashiell
and The Kinsmen, with the
bands of Dick Rhinehart and of
Sammy Blank playing from 9
to 1.

The Class of ’64 will be sell
ing tickets until Friday at En
gineering Corner and near the
Post Office from 9 o’clock to
1:15. The tickets cost sopho
mores 53.75 per couple and
other students, $4.50 per couple.
For those who need transpor
tation the sophomores have
chartered buses which will pick
up and deliver at all residence
halls on campus. The fare is
$2.45 per couple.
“A Night in San Francisco,”
“The Sophomore Cotillion, will
take place Friday night at The
Village in North Beach. The
entertainment for the occasion
is headlined by Bud Dashiell
and The Kinsmen, with the
bands of Dick Rhinehart and of
Sammy Blank playing from 9
to 1.

The Class of ’64 will be sell
ing tickets until Friday at En
gineering Corner and near the
Post Office from 9 o’clock to
1:15. The tickets cost sopho
mores 53.75 per couple and
other students, $4.50 per couple.
For those who need transpor
tation the sophomores have
chartered buses which will pick
up and deliver at all residence
halls on campus. The fare is
$2.45 per couple.
“A Night in San Francisco,”
“The Sophomore Cotillion, will
take place Friday night at The
Village in North Beach. The
entertainment for the occasion
is headlined by Bud Dashiell
and The Kinsmen, with the
bands of Dick Rhinehart and of
Sammy Blank playing from 9
to 1.

The Class of ’64 will be sell
ing tickets until Friday at En
gineering Corner and near the
Post Office from 9 o’clock to
1:15. The tickets cost sopho
mores 53.75 per couple and
other students, $4.50 per couple.
For those who need transpor
tation the sophomores have
chartered buses which will pick
up and deliver at all residence
halls on campus. The fare is
$2.45 per couple.
“A Night in San Francisco,”
“The Sophomore Cotillion, will
take place Friday night at The
Village in North Beach. The
entertainment for the occasion
is headlined by Bud Dashiell
and The Kinsmen, with the
bands of Dick Rhinehart and of
Sammy Blank playing from 9
to 1.

The Class of ’64 will be sell
ing tickets until Friday at En
gineering Corner and near the
Post Office from 9 o’clock to
1:15. The tickets cost sopho
mores 53.75 per couple and
other students, $4.50 per couple.
For those who need transpor
tation the sophomores have
chartered buses which will pick
up and deliver at all residence
halls on campus. The fare is
$2.45 per couple.
“A Night in San Francisco,”
“The Sophomore Cotillion, will
take place Friday night at The
Village in North Beach. The
entertainment for the occasion
is headlined by Bud Dashiell
and The Kinsmen, with the
bands of Dick Rhinehart and of
Sammy Blank playing from 9
to 1.

The Class of ’64 will be sell
ing tickets until Friday at En
gineering Corner and near the
Post Office from 9 o’clock to
1:15. The tickets cost sopho
mores 53.75 per couple and
other students, $4.50 per couple.
For those who need transpor
tation the sophomores have
chartered buses which will pick
up and deliver at all residence
halls on campus. The fare is
$2.45 per couple.
“A Night in San Francisco,”
“The Sophomore Cotillion, will
take place Friday night at The
Village in North Beach. The
entertainment for the occasion
is headlined by Bud Dashiell
and The Kinsmen, with the
bands of Dick Rhinehart and of
Sammy Blank playing from 9
to 1.

The Class of ’64 will be sell
ing tickets until Friday at En
gineering Corner and near the
Post Office from 9 o’clock to
1:15. The tickets cost sopho
mores 53.75 per couple and
other students, $4.50 per couple.
For those who need transpor
tation the sophomores have
chartered buses which will pick
up and deliver at all residence
halls on campus. The fare is
$2.45 per couple.
“A Night in San Francisco,”
“The Sophomore Cotillion, will
take place Friday night at The
Village in North Beach. The
entertainment for the occasion
is headlined by Bud Dashiell
and The Kinsmen, with the
bands of Dick Rhinehart and of
Sammy Blank playing from 9
to 1.

The Class of ’64 will be sell
ing tickets until Friday at En
gineering Corner and near the
Post Office from 9 o’clock to
1:15. The tickets cost sopho
mores 53.75 per couple and
other students, $4.50 per couple.
For those who need transpor
tation the sophomores have
chartered buses which will pick
up and deliver at all residence
halls on campus. The fare is
$2.45 per couple.
“A Night in San Francisco,”
“The Sophomore Cotillion, will
take place Friday night at The
Village in North Beach. The
entertainment for the occasion
is headlined by Bud Dashiell
and The Kinsmen, with the
bands of Dick Rhinehart and of
Sammy Blank playing from 9
to 1.

The Class of ’64 will be sell
ing tickets until Friday at En
gineering Corner and near the
Post Office from 9 o’clock to
1:15. The tickets cost sopho
mores 53.75 per couple and
other students, $4.50 per couple.
For those who need transpor
tation the sophomores have
chartered buses which will pick
up and deliver at all residence
halls on campus. The fare is
$2.45 per couple.
“A Night in San Francisco,”
“The Sophomore Cotillion, will
take place Friday night at The
Village in North Beach. The
entertainment for the occasion
is headlined by Bud Dashiell
and The Kinsmen, with the
bands of Dick Rhinehart and of
Sammy Blank playing from 9
to 1.

The Class of ’64 will be sell
ing tickets until Friday at En
gineering Corner and near the
Post Office from 9 o’clock to
1:15. The tickets cost sopho
mores 53.75 per couple and
other students, $4.50 per couple.
For those who need transpor
tation the sophomores have
chartered buses which will pick
up and deliver at all residence
halls on campus. The fare is
$2.45 per couple.
“A Night in San Francisco,”
“The Sophomore Cotillion, will
take place Friday night at The
Village in North Beach. The
entertainment for the occasion
is headlined by Bud Dashiell
and The Kinsmen, with the
bands of Dick Rhinehart and of
Sammy Blank playing from 9
to 1.

The Class of ’64 will be sell
ing tickets until Friday at En
gineering Corner and near the
Post Office from 9 o’clock to
1:15. The tickets cost sopho
mores 53.75 per couple and
other students, $4.50 per couple.
For those who need transpor
tation the sophomores have
chartered buses which will pick
up and deliver at all residence
halls on campus. The fare is
$2.45 per couple.
“A Night in San Francisco,”
“The Sophomore Cotillion, will
take place Friday night at The
Village in North Beach. The
entertainment for the occasion
is headlined by Bud Dashiell
and The Kinsmen, with the
bands of Dick Rhinehart and of
Sammy Blank playing from 9
to 1.

The Class of ’64 will be sell
ing tickets until Friday at En
gineering Corner and near the
Post Office from 9 o’clock to
1:15. The tickets cost sopho
mores 53.75 per couple and
other students, $4.50 per couple.
For those who need transpor
tation the sophomores have
chartered buses which will pick
up and deliver at all residence
halls on campus. The fare is
$2.45 per couple.
“A Night in San Francisco,”
“The Sophomore Cotillion, will
take place Friday night at The
Village in North Beach. The
entertainment for the occasion
is headlined by Bud Dashiell
and The Kinsmen, with the
bands of Dick Rhinehart and of
Sammy Blank playing from 9
to 1.

The Class of ’64 will be sell
ing tickets until Friday at En
gineering Corner and near the
Post Office from 9 o’clock to
1:15. The tickets cost sopho
mores 53.75 per couple and
other students, $4.50 per couple.
For those who need transpor
tation the sophomores have
chartered buses which will pick
up and deliver at all residence
halls on campus. The fare is
$2.45 per couple.
“A Night in San Francisco,”
“The Sophomore Cotillion, will
take place Friday night at The
Village in North Beach. The
entertainment for the occasion
is headlined by Bud Dashiell
and The Kinsmen, with the
bands of Dick Rhinehart and of
Sammy Blank playing from 9
to 1.

The Class of ’64 will be sell
ing tickets until Friday at En
gineering Corner and near the
Post Office from 9 o’clock to
1:15. The tickets cost sopho
mores 53.75 per couple and
other students, $4.50 per couple.
For those who need transpor
tation the sophomores have
chartered buses which will pick
up and deliver at all residence
halls on campus. The fare is
$2.45 per couple.
“A Night in San Francisco,”
“The Sophomore Cotillion, will
take place Friday night at The
Village in North Beach. The
entertainment for the occasion
is headlined by Bud Dashiell
and The Kinsmen, with the
bands of Dick Rhinehart and of
Sammy Blank playing from 9
to 1.

The Class of ’64 will be sell
ing tickets until Friday at En
gineering Corner and near the
Post Office from 9 o’clock to
1:15. The tickets cost sopho
mores 53.75 per couple and
other students, $4.50 per couple.
For those who need transpor
tation the sophomores have
chartered buses which will pick
up and deliver at all residence
halls on campus. The fare is
$2.45 per couple.
“A Night in San Francisco,”
“The Sophomore Cotillion, will
take place Friday night at The
Village in North Beach. The
entertainment for the occasion
is headlined by Bud Dashiell
and The Kinsmen, with the
bands of Dick Rhinehart and of
Sammy Blank playing from 9
to 1.

The Class of ’64 will be sell
ing tickets until Friday at En
gineering Corner and near the
Post Office from 9 o’clock to
1:15. The tickets cost sopho
mores 53.75 per couple and
other students, $4.50 per couple.
For those who need transpor
tation the sophomores have
chartered buses which will pick
up and deliver at all residence
halls on campus. The fare is
$2.45 per couple.
“A Night in San Francisco,”
“The Sophomore Cotillion, will
take place Friday night at The
Village in North Beach. The
entertainment for the occasion
is headlined by Bud Dashiell
and The Kinsmen, with the
bands of Dick Rhinehart and of
Sammy Blank playing from 9
to 1.

The Class of ’64 will be sell
ing tickets until Friday at En
gineering Corner and near the
Post Office from 9 o’clock to
1:15. The tickets cost sopho
mores 53.75 per couple and
other students, $4.50 per couple.
For those who need transpor
tation the sophomores have
chartered buses which will pick
up and deliver at all residence
halls on campus. The fare is
$2.45 per couple.
