# Adv. 28 Page 6
## 
### 
ONLY THE
General Tire
Can give you a combination of low pressure,
safety-silent tread wear and long mileage. We
specialize in change overs to smaller wheels and
larger tires.
MURDOCK AND TATUM
Forrest and Alma
Phone 7672
ONLY THE
General Tire
Can give you a combination of low pressure,
safety-silent tread wear and long mileage. We
specialize in change overs to smaller wheels and
larger tires.
MURDOCK AND TATUM
Forrest and Alma
Phone 7672
ONLY THE
General Tire
Can give you a combination of low pressure,
safety-silent tread wear and long mileage. We
specialize in change overs to smaller wheels and
larger tires.
MURDOCK AND TATUM
Forrest and Alma
Phone 7672
ONLY THE
General Tire
Can give you a combination of low pressure,
safety-silent tread wear and long mileage. We
specialize in change overs to smaller wheels and
larger tires.
MURDOCK AND TATUM
Forrest and Alma
Phone 7672
ONLY THE
General Tire
Can give you a combination of low pressure,
safety-silent tread wear and long mileage. We
specialize in change overs to smaller wheels and
larger tires.
MURDOCK AND TATUM
Forrest and Alma
Phone 7672
ONLY THE
General Tire
Can give you a combination of low pressure,
safety-silent tread wear and long mileage. We
specialize in change overs to smaller wheels and
larger tires.
MURDOCK AND TATUM
Forrest and Alma
Phone 7672
ONLY THE
General Tire
Can give you a combination of low pressure,
safety-silent tread wear and long mileage. We
specialize in change overs to smaller wheels and
larger tires.
MURDOCK AND TATUM
Forrest and Alma
Phone 7672
ONLY THE
General Tire
Can give you a combination of low pressure,
safety-silent tread wear and long mileage. We
specialize in change overs to smaller wheels and
larger tires.
MURDOCK AND TATUM
Forrest and Alma
Phone 7672
ONLY THE
General Tire
Can give you a combination of low pressure,
safety-silent tread wear and long mileage. We
specialize in change overs to smaller wheels and
larger tires.
MURDOCK AND TATUM
Forrest and Alma
Phone 7672
ONLY THE
General Tire
Can give you a combination of low pressure,
safety-silent tread wear and long mileage. We
specialize in change overs to smaller wheels and
larger tires.
MURDOCK AND TATUM
Forrest and Alma
Phone 7672
ONLY THE
General Tire
Can give you a combination of low pressure,
safety-silent tread wear and long mileage. We
specialize in change overs to smaller wheels and
larger tires.
MURDOCK AND TATUM
Forrest and Alma
Phone 7672
ONLY THE
General Tire
Can give you a combination of low pressure,
safety-silent tread wear and long mileage. We
specialize in change overs to smaller wheels and
larger tires.
MURDOCK AND TATUM
Forrest and Alma
Phone 7672
ONLY THE
General Tire
Can give you a combination of low pressure,
safety-silent tread wear and long mileage. We
specialize in change overs to smaller wheels and
larger tires.
MURDOCK AND TATUM
Forrest and Alma
Phone 7672
ONLY THE
General Tire
Can give you a combination of low pressure,
safety-silent tread wear and long mileage. We
specialize in change overs to smaller wheels and
larger tires.
MURDOCK AND TATUM
Forrest and Alma
Phone 7672
ONLY THE
General Tire
Can give you a combination of low pressure,
safety-silent tread wear and long mileage. We
specialize in change overs to smaller wheels and
larger tires.
MURDOCK AND TATUM
Forrest and Alma
Phone 7672
