# CAPTAINS BEARS TOMORROW
## 
### 

California football players last week elected Arleigh Williams to cap
tain them in tomorrow's Big Game. Williams is the Bears' chief hope for
all-Coast distinction. He plays halfback.

California football players last week elected Arleigh Williams to cap
tain them in tomorrow's Big Game. Williams is the Bears' chief hope for
all-Coast distinction. He plays halfback.

California football players last week elected Arleigh Williams to cap
tain them in tomorrow's Big Game. Williams is the Bears' chief hope for
all-Coast distinction. He plays halfback.

California football players last week elected Arleigh Williams to cap
tain them in tomorrow's Big Game. Williams is the Bears' chief hope for
all-Coast distinction. He plays halfback.

California football players last week elected Arleigh Williams to cap
tain them in tomorrow's Big Game. Williams is the Bears' chief hope for
all-Coast distinction. He plays halfback.

California football players last week elected Arleigh Williams to cap
tain them in tomorrow's Big Game. Williams is the Bears' chief hope for
all-Coast distinction. He plays halfback.

California football players last week elected Arleigh Williams to cap
tain them in tomorrow's Big Game. Williams is the Bears' chief hope for
all-Coast distinction. He plays halfback.

California football players last week elected Arleigh Williams to cap
tain them in tomorrow's Big Game. Williams is the Bears' chief hope for
all-Coast distinction. He plays halfback.

California football players last week elected Arleigh Williams to cap
tain them in tomorrow's Big Game. Williams is the Bears' chief hope for
all-Coast distinction. He plays halfback.

California football players last week elected Arleigh Williams to cap
tain them in tomorrow's Big Game. Williams is the Bears' chief hope for
all-Coast distinction. He plays halfback.

California football players last week elected Arleigh Williams to cap
tain them in tomorrow's Big Game. Williams is the Bears' chief hope for
all-Coast distinction. He plays halfback.

California football players last week elected Arleigh Williams to cap
tain them in tomorrow's Big Game. Williams is the Bears' chief hope for
all-Coast distinction. He plays halfback.

California football players last week elected Arleigh Williams to cap
tain them in tomorrow's Big Game. Williams is the Bears' chief hope for
all-Coast distinction. He plays halfback.

California football players last week elected Arleigh Williams to cap
tain them in tomorrow's Big Game. Williams is the Bears' chief hope for
all-Coast distinction. He plays halfback.

California football players last week elected Arleigh Williams to cap
tain them in tomorrow's Big Game. Williams is the Bears' chief hope for
all-Coast distinction. He plays halfback.
