# POP WARNER TEAM UNDEFEATED WITH TWO GAMES TO GO
## 
### 
Remaining as one of the six un
defeated gridiron teams in the na
tion, Glenn Scobey Warner's Temple
Owls are making a great bid for
national recognition.

Taking over the coaching reins at
Temple, a school of a little over 1,000
students, last year after leaving
Stanford, Warner put an inexperi
enced team on the field and pro
ceeded to win five out of the eight
games scheduled. His most disas
trous defeat was at the hands of
Carnegie Tech, 25-0. But revenge
is sweet and this year the Owls more
than evened the score by beating
Tech 34-6.
Temple's other two setbacks were
administered by Bucknell and Villa
nova, whom the Temple team have
yet to meet this year. Pop Warner's
men have shown high scoring power
this season in amassing a total of 189
points in seven games. Starting off
the season with a bang by crushing
Virginia Poly 39-0, and the Texas
Aggies 40-0, the Owls suffered the
only blight to their record, a 6-6
tie with a strong Indiana team that
was favored to win the game.
Gathering momentum, Warner's
tearr went on and defeated West Vir
ginia 28-13, Marquette 28-6, Holy
Cross 14-0, and Carnegie Tech 34-6.
This Saturday Temple faces strong
opposition from Villanova, which has
lost two contests so far.
Should Pop Warner guide his men
through an unbeaten season it is
unlikely that they would be offered
the Rose Bowl bid, due to their
schedule and the wealth of stronger
teams in the East. U;S.F. is nego
tiating to bring Temple out to San
Francisco and that will probably be
the extent of their post - season
schedule.
Remaining as one of the six un
defeated gridiron teams in the na
tion, Glenn Scobey Warner's Temple
Owls are making a great bid for
national recognition.

Taking over the coaching reins at
Temple, a school of a little over 1,000
students, last year after leaving
Stanford, Warner put an inexperi
enced team on the field and pro
ceeded to win five out of the eight
games scheduled. His most disas
trous defeat was at the hands of
Carnegie Tech, 25-0. But revenge
is sweet and this year the Owls more
than evened the score by beating
Tech 34-6.
Temple's other two setbacks were
administered by Bucknell and Villa
nova, whom the Temple team have
yet to meet this year. Pop Warner's
men have shown high scoring power
this season in amassing a total of 189
points in seven games. Starting off
the season with a bang by crushing
Virginia Poly 39-0, and the Texas
Aggies 40-0, the Owls suffered the
only blight to their record, a 6-6
tie with a strong Indiana team that
was favored to win the game.
Gathering momentum, Warner's
tearr went on and defeated West Vir
ginia 28-13, Marquette 28-6, Holy
Cross 14-0, and Carnegie Tech 34-6.
This Saturday Temple faces strong
opposition from Villanova, which has
lost two contests so far.
Should Pop Warner guide his men
through an unbeaten season it is
unlikely that they would be offered
the Rose Bowl bid, due to their
schedule and the wealth of stronger
teams in the East. U;S.F. is nego
tiating to bring Temple out to San
Francisco and that will probably be
the extent of their post - season
schedule.
Remaining as one of the six un
defeated gridiron teams in the na
tion, Glenn Scobey Warner's Temple
Owls are making a great bid for
national recognition.

Taking over the coaching reins at
Temple, a school of a little over 1,000
students, last year after leaving
Stanford, Warner put an inexperi
enced team on the field and pro
ceeded to win five out of the eight
games scheduled. His most disas
trous defeat was at the hands of
Carnegie Tech, 25-0. But revenge
is sweet and this year the Owls more
than evened the score by beating
Tech 34-6.
Temple's other two setbacks were
administered by Bucknell and Villa
nova, whom the Temple team have
yet to meet this year. Pop Warner's
men have shown high scoring power
this season in amassing a total of 189
points in seven games. Starting off
the season with a bang by crushing
Virginia Poly 39-0, and the Texas
Aggies 40-0, the Owls suffered the
only blight to their record, a 6-6
tie with a strong Indiana team that
was favored to win the game.
Gathering momentum, Warner's
tearr went on and defeated West Vir
ginia 28-13, Marquette 28-6, Holy
Cross 14-0, and Carnegie Tech 34-6.
This Saturday Temple faces strong
opposition from Villanova, which has
lost two contests so far.
Should Pop Warner guide his men
through an unbeaten season it is
unlikely that they would be offered
the Rose Bowl bid, due to their
schedule and the wealth of stronger
teams in the East. U;S.F. is nego
tiating to bring Temple out to San
Francisco and that will probably be
the extent of their post - season
schedule.
Remaining as one of the six un
defeated gridiron teams in the na
tion, Glenn Scobey Warner's Temple
Owls are making a great bid for
national recognition.

Taking over the coaching reins at
Temple, a school of a little over 1,000
students, last year after leaving
Stanford, Warner put an inexperi
enced team on the field and pro
ceeded to win five out of the eight
games scheduled. His most disas
trous defeat was at the hands of
Carnegie Tech, 25-0. But revenge
is sweet and this year the Owls more
than evened the score by beating
Tech 34-6.
Temple's other two setbacks were
administered by Bucknell and Villa
nova, whom the Temple team have
yet to meet this year. Pop Warner's
men have shown high scoring power
this season in amassing a total of 189
points in seven games. Starting off
the season with a bang by crushing
Virginia Poly 39-0, and the Texas
Aggies 40-0, the Owls suffered the
only blight to their record, a 6-6
tie with a strong Indiana team that
was favored to win the game.
Gathering momentum, Warner's
tearr went on and defeated West Vir
ginia 28-13, Marquette 28-6, Holy
Cross 14-0, and Carnegie Tech 34-6.
This Saturday Temple faces strong
opposition from Villanova, which has
lost two contests so far.
Should Pop Warner guide his men
through an unbeaten season it is
unlikely that they would be offered
the Rose Bowl bid, due to their
schedule and the wealth of stronger
teams in the East. U;S.F. is nego
tiating to bring Temple out to San
Francisco and that will probably be
the extent of their post - season
schedule.
Remaining as one of the six un
defeated gridiron teams in the na
tion, Glenn Scobey Warner's Temple
Owls are making a great bid for
national recognition.

Taking over the coaching reins at
Temple, a school of a little over 1,000
students, last year after leaving
Stanford, Warner put an inexperi
enced team on the field and pro
ceeded to win five out of the eight
games scheduled. His most disas
trous defeat was at the hands of
Carnegie Tech, 25-0. But revenge
is sweet and this year the Owls more
than evened the score by beating
Tech 34-6.
Temple's other two setbacks were
administered by Bucknell and Villa
nova, whom the Temple team have
yet to meet this year. Pop Warner's
men have shown high scoring power
this season in amassing a total of 189
points in seven games. Starting off
the season with a bang by crushing
Virginia Poly 39-0, and the Texas
Aggies 40-0, the Owls suffered the
only blight to their record, a 6-6
tie with a strong Indiana team that
was favored to win the game.
Gathering momentum, Warner's
tearr went on and defeated West Vir
ginia 28-13, Marquette 28-6, Holy
Cross 14-0, and Carnegie Tech 34-6.
This Saturday Temple faces strong
opposition from Villanova, which has
lost two contests so far.
Should Pop Warner guide his men
through an unbeaten season it is
unlikely that they would be offered
the Rose Bowl bid, due to their
schedule and the wealth of stronger
teams in the East. U;S.F. is nego
tiating to bring Temple out to San
Francisco and that will probably be
the extent of their post - season
schedule.
Remaining as one of the six un
defeated gridiron teams in the na
tion, Glenn Scobey Warner's Temple
Owls are making a great bid for
national recognition.

Taking over the coaching reins at
Temple, a school of a little over 1,000
students, last year after leaving
Stanford, Warner put an inexperi
enced team on the field and pro
ceeded to win five out of the eight
games scheduled. His most disas
trous defeat was at the hands of
Carnegie Tech, 25-0. But revenge
is sweet and this year the Owls more
than evened the score by beating
Tech 34-6.
Temple's other two setbacks were
administered by Bucknell and Villa
nova, whom the Temple team have
yet to meet this year. Pop Warner's
men have shown high scoring power
this season in amassing a total of 189
points in seven games. Starting off
the season with a bang by crushing
Virginia Poly 39-0, and the Texas
Aggies 40-0, the Owls suffered the
only blight to their record, a 6-6
tie with a strong Indiana team that
was favored to win the game.
Gathering momentum, Warner's
tearr went on and defeated West Vir
ginia 28-13, Marquette 28-6, Holy
Cross 14-0, and Carnegie Tech 34-6.
This Saturday Temple faces strong
opposition from Villanova, which has
lost two contests so far.
Should Pop Warner guide his men
through an unbeaten season it is
unlikely that they would be offered
the Rose Bowl bid, due to their
schedule and the wealth of stronger
teams in the East. U;S.F. is nego
tiating to bring Temple out to San
Francisco and that will probably be
the extent of their post - season
schedule.
Remaining as one of the six un
defeated gridiron teams in the na
tion, Glenn Scobey Warner's Temple
Owls are making a great bid for
national recognition.

Taking over the coaching reins at
Temple, a school of a little over 1,000
students, last year after leaving
Stanford, Warner put an inexperi
enced team on the field and pro
ceeded to win five out of the eight
games scheduled. His most disas
trous defeat was at the hands of
Carnegie Tech, 25-0. But revenge
is sweet and this year the Owls more
than evened the score by beating
Tech 34-6.
Temple's other two setbacks were
administered by Bucknell and Villa
nova, whom the Temple team have
yet to meet this year. Pop Warner's
men have shown high scoring power
this season in amassing a total of 189
points in seven games. Starting off
the season with a bang by crushing
Virginia Poly 39-0, and the Texas
Aggies 40-0, the Owls suffered the
only blight to their record, a 6-6
tie with a strong Indiana team that
was favored to win the game.
Gathering momentum, Warner's
tearr went on and defeated West Vir
ginia 28-13, Marquette 28-6, Holy
Cross 14-0, and Carnegie Tech 34-6.
This Saturday Temple faces strong
opposition from Villanova, which has
lost two contests so far.
Should Pop Warner guide his men
through an unbeaten season it is
unlikely that they would be offered
the Rose Bowl bid, due to their
schedule and the wealth of stronger
teams in the East. U;S.F. is nego
tiating to bring Temple out to San
Francisco and that will probably be
the extent of their post - season
schedule.
Remaining as one of the six un
defeated gridiron teams in the na
tion, Glenn Scobey Warner's Temple
Owls are making a great bid for
national recognition.

Taking over the coaching reins at
Temple, a school of a little over 1,000
students, last year after leaving
Stanford, Warner put an inexperi
enced team on the field and pro
ceeded to win five out of the eight
games scheduled. His most disas
trous defeat was at the hands of
Carnegie Tech, 25-0. But revenge
is sweet and this year the Owls more
than evened the score by beating
Tech 34-6.
Temple's other two setbacks were
administered by Bucknell and Villa
nova, whom the Temple team have
yet to meet this year. Pop Warner's
men have shown high scoring power
this season in amassing a total of 189
points in seven games. Starting off
the season with a bang by crushing
Virginia Poly 39-0, and the Texas
Aggies 40-0, the Owls suffered the
only blight to their record, a 6-6
tie with a strong Indiana team that
was favored to win the game.
Gathering momentum, Warner's
tearr went on and defeated West Vir
ginia 28-13, Marquette 28-6, Holy
Cross 14-0, and Carnegie Tech 34-6.
This Saturday Temple faces strong
opposition from Villanova, which has
lost two contests so far.
Should Pop Warner guide his men
through an unbeaten season it is
unlikely that they would be offered
the Rose Bowl bid, due to their
schedule and the wealth of stronger
teams in the East. U;S.F. is nego
tiating to bring Temple out to San
Francisco and that will probably be
the extent of their post - season
schedule.
Remaining as one of the six un
defeated gridiron teams in the na
tion, Glenn Scobey Warner's Temple
Owls are making a great bid for
national recognition.

Taking over the coaching reins at
Temple, a school of a little over 1,000
students, last year after leaving
Stanford, Warner put an inexperi
enced team on the field and pro
ceeded to win five out of the eight
games scheduled. His most disas
trous defeat was at the hands of
Carnegie Tech, 25-0. But revenge
is sweet and this year the Owls more
than evened the score by beating
Tech 34-6.
Temple's other two setbacks were
administered by Bucknell and Villa
nova, whom the Temple team have
yet to meet this year. Pop Warner's
men have shown high scoring power
this season in amassing a total of 189
points in seven games. Starting off
the season with a bang by crushing
Virginia Poly 39-0, and the Texas
Aggies 40-0, the Owls suffered the
only blight to their record, a 6-6
tie with a strong Indiana team that
was favored to win the game.
Gathering momentum, Warner's
tearr went on and defeated West Vir
ginia 28-13, Marquette 28-6, Holy
Cross 14-0, and Carnegie Tech 34-6.
This Saturday Temple faces strong
opposition from Villanova, which has
lost two contests so far.
Should Pop Warner guide his men
through an unbeaten season it is
unlikely that they would be offered
the Rose Bowl bid, due to their
schedule and the wealth of stronger
teams in the East. U;S.F. is nego
tiating to bring Temple out to San
Francisco and that will probably be
the extent of their post - season
schedule.
Remaining as one of the six un
defeated gridiron teams in the na
tion, Glenn Scobey Warner's Temple
Owls are making a great bid for
national recognition.

Taking over the coaching reins at
Temple, a school of a little over 1,000
students, last year after leaving
Stanford, Warner put an inexperi
enced team on the field and pro
ceeded to win five out of the eight
games scheduled. His most disas
trous defeat was at the hands of
Carnegie Tech, 25-0. But revenge
is sweet and this year the Owls more
than evened the score by beating
Tech 34-6.
Temple's other two setbacks were
administered by Bucknell and Villa
nova, whom the Temple team have
yet to meet this year. Pop Warner's
men have shown high scoring power
this season in amassing a total of 189
points in seven games. Starting off
the season with a bang by crushing
Virginia Poly 39-0, and the Texas
Aggies 40-0, the Owls suffered the
only blight to their record, a 6-6
tie with a strong Indiana team that
was favored to win the game.
Gathering momentum, Warner's
tearr went on and defeated West Vir
ginia 28-13, Marquette 28-6, Holy
Cross 14-0, and Carnegie Tech 34-6.
This Saturday Temple faces strong
opposition from Villanova, which has
lost two contests so far.
Should Pop Warner guide his men
through an unbeaten season it is
unlikely that they would be offered
the Rose Bowl bid, due to their
schedule and the wealth of stronger
teams in the East. U;S.F. is nego
tiating to bring Temple out to San
Francisco and that will probably be
the extent of their post - season
schedule.
Remaining as one of the six un
defeated gridiron teams in the na
tion, Glenn Scobey Warner's Temple
Owls are making a great bid for
national recognition.

Taking over the coaching reins at
Temple, a school of a little over 1,000
students, last year after leaving
Stanford, Warner put an inexperi
enced team on the field and pro
ceeded to win five out of the eight
games scheduled. His most disas
trous defeat was at the hands of
Carnegie Tech, 25-0. But revenge
is sweet and this year the Owls more
than evened the score by beating
Tech 34-6.
Temple's other two setbacks were
administered by Bucknell and Villa
nova, whom the Temple team have
yet to meet this year. Pop Warner's
men have shown high scoring power
this season in amassing a total of 189
points in seven games. Starting off
the season with a bang by crushing
Virginia Poly 39-0, and the Texas
Aggies 40-0, the Owls suffered the
only blight to their record, a 6-6
tie with a strong Indiana team that
was favored to win the game.
Gathering momentum, Warner's
tearr went on and defeated West Vir
ginia 28-13, Marquette 28-6, Holy
Cross 14-0, and Carnegie Tech 34-6.
This Saturday Temple faces strong
opposition from Villanova, which has
lost two contests so far.
Should Pop Warner guide his men
through an unbeaten season it is
unlikely that they would be offered
the Rose Bowl bid, due to their
schedule and the wealth of stronger
teams in the East. U;S.F. is nego
tiating to bring Temple out to San
Francisco and that will probably be
the extent of their post - season
schedule.
Remaining as one of the six un
defeated gridiron teams in the na
tion, Glenn Scobey Warner's Temple
Owls are making a great bid for
national recognition.

Taking over the coaching reins at
Temple, a school of a little over 1,000
students, last year after leaving
Stanford, Warner put an inexperi
enced team on the field and pro
ceeded to win five out of the eight
games scheduled. His most disas
trous defeat was at the hands of
Carnegie Tech, 25-0. But revenge
is sweet and this year the Owls more
than evened the score by beating
Tech 34-6.
Temple's other two setbacks were
administered by Bucknell and Villa
nova, whom the Temple team have
yet to meet this year. Pop Warner's
men have shown high scoring power
this season in amassing a total of 189
points in seven games. Starting off
the season with a bang by crushing
Virginia Poly 39-0, and the Texas
Aggies 40-0, the Owls suffered the
only blight to their record, a 6-6
tie with a strong Indiana team that
was favored to win the game.
Gathering momentum, Warner's
tearr went on and defeated West Vir
ginia 28-13, Marquette 28-6, Holy
Cross 14-0, and Carnegie Tech 34-6.
This Saturday Temple faces strong
opposition from Villanova, which has
lost two contests so far.
Should Pop Warner guide his men
through an unbeaten season it is
unlikely that they would be offered
the Rose Bowl bid, due to their
schedule and the wealth of stronger
teams in the East. U;S.F. is nego
tiating to bring Temple out to San
Francisco and that will probably be
the extent of their post - season
schedule.
Remaining as one of the six un
defeated gridiron teams in the na
tion, Glenn Scobey Warner's Temple
Owls are making a great bid for
national recognition.

Taking over the coaching reins at
Temple, a school of a little over 1,000
students, last year after leaving
Stanford, Warner put an inexperi
enced team on the field and pro
ceeded to win five out of the eight
games scheduled. His most disas
trous defeat was at the hands of
Carnegie Tech, 25-0. But revenge
is sweet and this year the Owls more
than evened the score by beating
Tech 34-6.
Temple's other two setbacks were
administered by Bucknell and Villa
nova, whom the Temple team have
yet to meet this year. Pop Warner's
men have shown high scoring power
this season in amassing a total of 189
points in seven games. Starting off
the season with a bang by crushing
Virginia Poly 39-0, and the Texas
Aggies 40-0, the Owls suffered the
only blight to their record, a 6-6
tie with a strong Indiana team that
was favored to win the game.
Gathering momentum, Warner's
tearr went on and defeated West Vir
ginia 28-13, Marquette 28-6, Holy
Cross 14-0, and Carnegie Tech 34-6.
This Saturday Temple faces strong
opposition from Villanova, which has
lost two contests so far.
Should Pop Warner guide his men
through an unbeaten season it is
unlikely that they would be offered
the Rose Bowl bid, due to their
schedule and the wealth of stronger
teams in the East. U;S.F. is nego
tiating to bring Temple out to San
Francisco and that will probably be
the extent of their post - season
schedule.
Remaining as one of the six un
defeated gridiron teams in the na
tion, Glenn Scobey Warner's Temple
Owls are making a great bid for
national recognition.

Taking over the coaching reins at
Temple, a school of a little over 1,000
students, last year after leaving
Stanford, Warner put an inexperi
enced team on the field and pro
ceeded to win five out of the eight
games scheduled. His most disas
trous defeat was at the hands of
Carnegie Tech, 25-0. But revenge
is sweet and this year the Owls more
than evened the score by beating
Tech 34-6.
Temple's other two setbacks were
administered by Bucknell and Villa
nova, whom the Temple team have
yet to meet this year. Pop Warner's
men have shown high scoring power
this season in amassing a total of 189
points in seven games. Starting off
the season with a bang by crushing
Virginia Poly 39-0, and the Texas
Aggies 40-0, the Owls suffered the
only blight to their record, a 6-6
tie with a strong Indiana team that
was favored to win the game.
Gathering momentum, Warner's
tearr went on and defeated West Vir
ginia 28-13, Marquette 28-6, Holy
Cross 14-0, and Carnegie Tech 34-6.
This Saturday Temple faces strong
opposition from Villanova, which has
lost two contests so far.
Should Pop Warner guide his men
through an unbeaten season it is
unlikely that they would be offered
the Rose Bowl bid, due to their
schedule and the wealth of stronger
teams in the East. U;S.F. is nego
tiating to bring Temple out to San
Francisco and that will probably be
the extent of their post - season
schedule.
Remaining as one of the six un
defeated gridiron teams in the na
tion, Glenn Scobey Warner's Temple
Owls are making a great bid for
national recognition.

Taking over the coaching reins at
Temple, a school of a little over 1,000
students, last year after leaving
Stanford, Warner put an inexperi
enced team on the field and pro
ceeded to win five out of the eight
games scheduled. His most disas
trous defeat was at the hands of
Carnegie Tech, 25-0. But revenge
is sweet and this year the Owls more
than evened the score by beating
Tech 34-6.
Temple's other two setbacks were
administered by Bucknell and Villa
nova, whom the Temple team have
yet to meet this year. Pop Warner's
men have shown high scoring power
this season in amassing a total of 189
points in seven games. Starting off
the season with a bang by crushing
Virginia Poly 39-0, and the Texas
Aggies 40-0, the Owls suffered the
only blight to their record, a 6-6
tie with a strong Indiana team that
was favored to win the game.
Gathering momentum, Warner's
tearr went on and defeated West Vir
ginia 28-13, Marquette 28-6, Holy
Cross 14-0, and Carnegie Tech 34-6.
This Saturday Temple faces strong
opposition from Villanova, which has
lost two contests so far.
Should Pop Warner guide his men
through an unbeaten season it is
unlikely that they would be offered
the Rose Bowl bid, due to their
schedule and the wealth of stronger
teams in the East. U;S.F. is nego
tiating to bring Temple out to San
Francisco and that will probably be
the extent of their post - season
schedule.
