# QUADS.
## 
### 
Miss Geraldine Strickland, ex-'O9,
will be married in San Francisco to
morrow evening to Dr. William Mc
pherson Mason.
Miss Geraldine Strickland, ex-'O9,
will be married in San Francisco to
morrow evening to Dr. William Mc
pherson Mason.
Miss Geraldine Strickland, ex-'O9,
will be married in San Francisco to
morrow evening to Dr. William Mc
pherson Mason.
Miss Geraldine Strickland, ex-'O9,
will be married in San Francisco to
morrow evening to Dr. William Mc
pherson Mason.
Miss Geraldine Strickland, ex-'O9,
will be married in San Francisco to
morrow evening to Dr. William Mc
pherson Mason.
Miss Geraldine Strickland, ex-'O9,
will be married in San Francisco to
morrow evening to Dr. William Mc
pherson Mason.
Miss Geraldine Strickland, ex-'O9,
will be married in San Francisco to
morrow evening to Dr. William Mc
pherson Mason.
Miss Geraldine Strickland, ex-'O9,
will be married in San Francisco to
morrow evening to Dr. William Mc
pherson Mason.
Miss Geraldine Strickland, ex-'O9,
will be married in San Francisco to
morrow evening to Dr. William Mc
pherson Mason.
Miss Geraldine Strickland, ex-'O9,
will be married in San Francisco to
morrow evening to Dr. William Mc
pherson Mason.
