# Next Assembly Wednesday.
## 
### 
The next regular Assembly will be
held on Wednesday morning at 11:15,
when C. R. Ashbee will give an ad
dress. The speaker is well known as
an architect, craftsman and a writer.
He is also a successful worker with
the Hooligan classes in England, and
has been an important factor in edu
cating them in craftsmanship and oth
er useful occupations.
Ashbee first bought the Essex House
and made it.the center of the com
munity handicraft. This soon proved
inadequate, and the village of Comp
den was taken for the work, the Es
sex House being turned over to the
publishing company.
While Ashbee is here, he will be en
tertained by the faculty at the Fac
ulty Club-house.
The next regular Assembly will be
held on Wednesday morning at 11:15,
when C. R. Ashbee will give an ad
dress. The speaker is well known as
an architect, craftsman and a writer.
He is also a successful worker with
the Hooligan classes in England, and
has been an important factor in edu
cating them in craftsmanship and oth
er useful occupations.
Ashbee first bought the Essex House
and made it.the center of the com
munity handicraft. This soon proved
inadequate, and the village of Comp
den was taken for the work, the Es
sex House being turned over to the
publishing company.
While Ashbee is here, he will be en
tertained by the faculty at the Fac
ulty Club-house.
The next regular Assembly will be
held on Wednesday morning at 11:15,
when C. R. Ashbee will give an ad
dress. The speaker is well known as
an architect, craftsman and a writer.
He is also a successful worker with
the Hooligan classes in England, and
has been an important factor in edu
cating them in craftsmanship and oth
er useful occupations.
Ashbee first bought the Essex House
and made it.the center of the com
munity handicraft. This soon proved
inadequate, and the village of Comp
den was taken for the work, the Es
sex House being turned over to the
publishing company.
While Ashbee is here, he will be en
tertained by the faculty at the Fac
ulty Club-house.
The next regular Assembly will be
held on Wednesday morning at 11:15,
when C. R. Ashbee will give an ad
dress. The speaker is well known as
an architect, craftsman and a writer.
He is also a successful worker with
the Hooligan classes in England, and
has been an important factor in edu
cating them in craftsmanship and oth
er useful occupations.
Ashbee first bought the Essex House
and made it.the center of the com
munity handicraft. This soon proved
inadequate, and the village of Comp
den was taken for the work, the Es
sex House being turned over to the
publishing company.
While Ashbee is here, he will be en
tertained by the faculty at the Fac
ulty Club-house.
The next regular Assembly will be
held on Wednesday morning at 11:15,
when C. R. Ashbee will give an ad
dress. The speaker is well known as
an architect, craftsman and a writer.
He is also a successful worker with
the Hooligan classes in England, and
has been an important factor in edu
cating them in craftsmanship and oth
er useful occupations.
Ashbee first bought the Essex House
and made it.the center of the com
munity handicraft. This soon proved
inadequate, and the village of Comp
den was taken for the work, the Es
sex House being turned over to the
publishing company.
While Ashbee is here, he will be en
tertained by the faculty at the Fac
ulty Club-house.
The next regular Assembly will be
held on Wednesday morning at 11:15,
when C. R. Ashbee will give an ad
dress. The speaker is well known as
an architect, craftsman and a writer.
He is also a successful worker with
the Hooligan classes in England, and
has been an important factor in edu
cating them in craftsmanship and oth
er useful occupations.
Ashbee first bought the Essex House
and made it.the center of the com
munity handicraft. This soon proved
inadequate, and the village of Comp
den was taken for the work, the Es
sex House being turned over to the
publishing company.
While Ashbee is here, he will be en
tertained by the faculty at the Fac
ulty Club-house.
The next regular Assembly will be
held on Wednesday morning at 11:15,
when C. R. Ashbee will give an ad
dress. The speaker is well known as
an architect, craftsman and a writer.
He is also a successful worker with
the Hooligan classes in England, and
has been an important factor in edu
cating them in craftsmanship and oth
er useful occupations.
Ashbee first bought the Essex House
and made it.the center of the com
munity handicraft. This soon proved
inadequate, and the village of Comp
den was taken for the work, the Es
sex House being turned over to the
publishing company.
While Ashbee is here, he will be en
tertained by the faculty at the Fac
ulty Club-house.
The next regular Assembly will be
held on Wednesday morning at 11:15,
when C. R. Ashbee will give an ad
dress. The speaker is well known as
an architect, craftsman and a writer.
He is also a successful worker with
the Hooligan classes in England, and
has been an important factor in edu
cating them in craftsmanship and oth
er useful occupations.
Ashbee first bought the Essex House
and made it.the center of the com
munity handicraft. This soon proved
inadequate, and the village of Comp
den was taken for the work, the Es
sex House being turned over to the
publishing company.
While Ashbee is here, he will be en
tertained by the faculty at the Fac
ulty Club-house.
The next regular Assembly will be
held on Wednesday morning at 11:15,
when C. R. Ashbee will give an ad
dress. The speaker is well known as
an architect, craftsman and a writer.
He is also a successful worker with
the Hooligan classes in England, and
has been an important factor in edu
cating them in craftsmanship and oth
er useful occupations.
Ashbee first bought the Essex House
and made it.the center of the com
munity handicraft. This soon proved
inadequate, and the village of Comp
den was taken for the work, the Es
sex House being turned over to the
publishing company.
While Ashbee is here, he will be en
tertained by the faculty at the Fac
ulty Club-house.
The next regular Assembly will be
held on Wednesday morning at 11:15,
when C. R. Ashbee will give an ad
dress. The speaker is well known as
an architect, craftsman and a writer.
He is also a successful worker with
the Hooligan classes in England, and
has been an important factor in edu
cating them in craftsmanship and oth
er useful occupations.
Ashbee first bought the Essex House
and made it.the center of the com
munity handicraft. This soon proved
inadequate, and the village of Comp
den was taken for the work, the Es
sex House being turned over to the
publishing company.
While Ashbee is here, he will be en
tertained by the faculty at the Fac
ulty Club-house.
The next regular Assembly will be
held on Wednesday morning at 11:15,
when C. R. Ashbee will give an ad
dress. The speaker is well known as
an architect, craftsman and a writer.
He is also a successful worker with
the Hooligan classes in England, and
has been an important factor in edu
cating them in craftsmanship and oth
er useful occupations.
Ashbee first bought the Essex House
and made it.the center of the com
munity handicraft. This soon proved
inadequate, and the village of Comp
den was taken for the work, the Es
sex House being turned over to the
publishing company.
While Ashbee is here, he will be en
tertained by the faculty at the Fac
ulty Club-house.
