# WARN OF FINES
## 
### 
Women's Council reminds traffic I
violators that unexcused failure to !
appear at specified time involves a j
double fine imposed in their absence, ,
announced Marian Storey last night.,
Women's Council reminds traffic I
violators that unexcused failure to !
appear at specified time involves a j
double fine imposed in their absence, ,
announced Marian Storey last night.,
Women's Council reminds traffic I
violators that unexcused failure to !
appear at specified time involves a j
double fine imposed in their absence, ,
announced Marian Storey last night.,
Women's Council reminds traffic I
violators that unexcused failure to !
appear at specified time involves a j
double fine imposed in their absence, ,
announced Marian Storey last night.,
Women's Council reminds traffic I
violators that unexcused failure to !
appear at specified time involves a j
double fine imposed in their absence, ,
announced Marian Storey last night.,
Women's Council reminds traffic I
violators that unexcused failure to !
appear at specified time involves a j
double fine imposed in their absence, ,
announced Marian Storey last night.,
Women's Council reminds traffic I
violators that unexcused failure to !
appear at specified time involves a j
double fine imposed in their absence, ,
announced Marian Storey last night.,
Women's Council reminds traffic I
violators that unexcused failure to !
appear at specified time involves a j
double fine imposed in their absence, ,
announced Marian Storey last night.,
Women's Council reminds traffic I
violators that unexcused failure to !
appear at specified time involves a j
double fine imposed in their absence, ,
announced Marian Storey last night.,
Women's Council reminds traffic I
violators that unexcused failure to !
appear at specified time involves a j
double fine imposed in their absence, ,
announced Marian Storey last night.,
Women's Council reminds traffic I
violators that unexcused failure to !
appear at specified time involves a j
double fine imposed in their absence, ,
announced Marian Storey last night.,
Women's Council reminds traffic I
violators that unexcused failure to !
appear at specified time involves a j
double fine imposed in their absence, ,
announced Marian Storey last night.,
Women's Council reminds traffic I
violators that unexcused failure to !
appear at specified time involves a j
double fine imposed in their absence, ,
announced Marian Storey last night.,
Women's Council reminds traffic I
violators that unexcused failure to !
appear at specified time involves a j
double fine imposed in their absence, ,
announced Marian Storey last night.,
Women's Council reminds traffic I
violators that unexcused failure to !
appear at specified time involves a j
double fine imposed in their absence, ,
announced Marian Storey last night.,
