# One-Act Features '10 Blocks'
## 
### ANNE BROPHY 
"10 Blocks on the Camino Real,"
featured in Ram's Head Spring One
Acts, promises an exciting experience
in contemporary theater.
A study in fantasy, Tennessee Wil
liams' plot apparently centers in a
port city of Latin America. Scenes
shift from the plaza surrounding a de
cadent hotel to the brothel of the vil
lage gypsy. A guitarist strolls and
strums throughout the drama, seem
ingly oblivious to the presence of a
corpse propped against the side of the
parched fountain.
Director Emily Gill chose the Wil
liams classic, after "falling in love at
first reading.'" Impressed with the
successful Speech and Drama Depart
ment production of "Twelfth Night"
which filled the Tresidder Lounge last
quarter, and faced with the opportuni
ty to direct a show in The Nitery,
Miss Gill selected "10 Blocks" as
adaptable to similar freedom of stag
ing.
The dilemma of locating the Camino
Real is answered by the script; "Ev
erybody has to find that out for him
self." Miss Gill echoes the response,
noting that cast discussions at what
the "Camino Real" signifys, are form
ulating a cohesive concept on which
the production is based.
Spring One-Acts which will be pre
sented May 11, 12, 13, 14 at 8:30 p.m.
in The Nitery teams "10 Blocks" with
two student written dramas in their
premiere performance; "Valparaiso"
and"The Miracle Wolf of Gubbio."
Tickets, priced at $1.60 are available
for all performances through the Tre
sidder Box Office.
