# Official
## 
### 
CREDIT EVALUATION AND
APPLICATIONS FOR
GRADUATION
Results of Spring Quarter
petitions for evaluation of
work completed elsewhere are
now posted in the lobby of the
Office of the Registrar, Rm,
lIIA. New transfer students
do not need to petition since
their credit has already been
allowed. Students who wish to
apply transfer credit toward a
Stanford degree should see the
Credit Evaluation Secretary,
Room 112 L.
Undergraduates who plan to
graduate in June and have not
filed an application for gradu
ation must do so at once. Ap
plications may be obtained
from the Recorder, Room
1118. Graduating seniors
should pick up the IBM grade
report at the Information Of
fice, Room 111 A, after 3:30
p.m. on Friday, June 10, 1966.
