# Prof. Hilton To Relate South American Trip
## 
### 
The International Club will present
Professor Ronald Hilton this Sunday
at 7:30 at Mrs. Thomas' home, 3G5
Lincoln avenue. Mr. Hilton has just
completed a trip through the coun
tries south of the border. Everyone
interested in hearing about the 20
Latin-American republics is invited
to come to the meeting, which will be
followed by refreshments.
The International Club will present
Professor Ronald Hilton this Sunday
at 7:30 at Mrs. Thomas' home, 3G5
Lincoln avenue. Mr. Hilton has just
completed a trip through the coun
tries south of the border. Everyone
interested in hearing about the 20
Latin-American republics is invited
to come to the meeting, which will be
followed by refreshments.
The International Club will present
Professor Ronald Hilton this Sunday
at 7:30 at Mrs. Thomas' home, 3G5
Lincoln avenue. Mr. Hilton has just
completed a trip through the coun
tries south of the border. Everyone
interested in hearing about the 20
Latin-American republics is invited
to come to the meeting, which will be
followed by refreshments.
The International Club will present
Professor Ronald Hilton this Sunday
at 7:30 at Mrs. Thomas' home, 3G5
Lincoln avenue. Mr. Hilton has just
completed a trip through the coun
tries south of the border. Everyone
interested in hearing about the 20
Latin-American republics is invited
to come to the meeting, which will be
followed by refreshments.
The International Club will present
Professor Ronald Hilton this Sunday
at 7:30 at Mrs. Thomas' home, 3G5
Lincoln avenue. Mr. Hilton has just
completed a trip through the coun
tries south of the border. Everyone
interested in hearing about the 20
Latin-American republics is invited
to come to the meeting, which will be
followed by refreshments.
The International Club will present
Professor Ronald Hilton this Sunday
at 7:30 at Mrs. Thomas' home, 3G5
Lincoln avenue. Mr. Hilton has just
completed a trip through the coun
tries south of the border. Everyone
interested in hearing about the 20
Latin-American republics is invited
to come to the meeting, which will be
followed by refreshments.
The International Club will present
Professor Ronald Hilton this Sunday
at 7:30 at Mrs. Thomas' home, 3G5
Lincoln avenue. Mr. Hilton has just
completed a trip through the coun
tries south of the border. Everyone
interested in hearing about the 20
Latin-American republics is invited
to come to the meeting, which will be
followed by refreshments.
The International Club will present
Professor Ronald Hilton this Sunday
at 7:30 at Mrs. Thomas' home, 3G5
Lincoln avenue. Mr. Hilton has just
completed a trip through the coun
tries south of the border. Everyone
interested in hearing about the 20
Latin-American republics is invited
to come to the meeting, which will be
followed by refreshments.
The International Club will present
Professor Ronald Hilton this Sunday
at 7:30 at Mrs. Thomas' home, 3G5
Lincoln avenue. Mr. Hilton has just
completed a trip through the coun
tries south of the border. Everyone
interested in hearing about the 20
Latin-American republics is invited
to come to the meeting, which will be
followed by refreshments.
The International Club will present
Professor Ronald Hilton this Sunday
at 7:30 at Mrs. Thomas' home, 3G5
Lincoln avenue. Mr. Hilton has just
completed a trip through the coun
tries south of the border. Everyone
interested in hearing about the 20
Latin-American republics is invited
to come to the meeting, which will be
followed by refreshments.
The International Club will present
Professor Ronald Hilton this Sunday
at 7:30 at Mrs. Thomas' home, 3G5
Lincoln avenue. Mr. Hilton has just
completed a trip through the coun
tries south of the border. Everyone
interested in hearing about the 20
Latin-American republics is invited
to come to the meeting, which will be
followed by refreshments.
The International Club will present
Professor Ronald Hilton this Sunday
at 7:30 at Mrs. Thomas' home, 3G5
Lincoln avenue. Mr. Hilton has just
completed a trip through the coun
tries south of the border. Everyone
interested in hearing about the 20
Latin-American republics is invited
to come to the meeting, which will be
followed by refreshments.
The International Club will present
Professor Ronald Hilton this Sunday
at 7:30 at Mrs. Thomas' home, 3G5
Lincoln avenue. Mr. Hilton has just
completed a trip through the coun
tries south of the border. Everyone
interested in hearing about the 20
Latin-American republics is invited
to come to the meeting, which will be
followed by refreshments.
The International Club will present
Professor Ronald Hilton this Sunday
at 7:30 at Mrs. Thomas' home, 3G5
Lincoln avenue. Mr. Hilton has just
completed a trip through the coun
tries south of the border. Everyone
interested in hearing about the 20
Latin-American republics is invited
to come to the meeting, which will be
followed by refreshments.
The International Club will present
Professor Ronald Hilton this Sunday
at 7:30 at Mrs. Thomas' home, 3G5
Lincoln avenue. Mr. Hilton has just
completed a trip through the coun
tries south of the border. Everyone
interested in hearing about the 20
Latin-American republics is invited
to come to the meeting, which will be
followed by refreshments.
