# Wiedner To Play At Tri-Hall Formal
## 
### 
Art Wiedner and his biggest "little
name" band in the area have been
contracted to play for the Tri-llall
Formal on May 6, according to Lor
rain Streblow, general chairman.
Wiedner's last appearance on the
Farm was at Roble's "Spring Rain"
formal last quarter.
Bids Go on Sale
Dance tickets for $1.80 (not $1.65
as previously announced) will go on
sale today in Lagunita, Roble, and
Union, according to Pam Strathairn,
ticket chairman. Janice Jacques in
Lagunita, Nancy Hand in Roble, and
Priscilla Ullmann in Union are the
head ticket salesmen who will issue
tickets to the salesmen in their living
groups.
Lady in the Dark
In keeping with the circus part of
the "Lady in the Dark" theme the
orchestra will be caged behind huge
shiny bars. Two enormous white
horses will adorn either side of the
cage. A lovely ballet dancer of the
circus will pose gracefully on one
while "Lady in the Dark" business
like and wearing horn rims will man
the other.
The decoration committee will
work today and tomorrow afternoons
in the woodpecker's lodge behind the
Quad office. At present the group is
constructing an enormous wedding
cake for the wedding scene of "Lady
in the Dark."
