# PRELIMINARY BOUTS THIS WEEK
## Final Tournaments In Boxing, Wrestling and Fencing To Be Held Next Monday 
### 
Entry lists arc rapidly filling up in
the boxing, wrestling, and fencing
tournaments. Preliminaries for these
tournaments will be staged this week
and the finals in all three will be run
off next Monday night at the gymnas
ium.
Prospects for larger entry lists than
in former tournaments are bright and
the appearance of the survival of the
fittest next Monday night should re
sult in one of the best athletic shows
ever put on here.
This year is the first that a class
at the gymnasium lias been given over
exclusively to fencing and increased
interest has resulted. The classes in
boxing and wrestling are fuller than
ever this year and a wealth of ma
terial will take part in the prelimin
aries this week.
Entry lists arc rapidly filling up in
the boxing, wrestling, and fencing
tournaments. Preliminaries for these
tournaments will be staged this week
and the finals in all three will be run
off next Monday night at the gymnas
ium.
Prospects for larger entry lists than
in former tournaments are bright and
the appearance of the survival of the
fittest next Monday night should re
sult in one of the best athletic shows
ever put on here.
This year is the first that a class
at the gymnasium lias been given over
exclusively to fencing and increased
interest has resulted. The classes in
boxing and wrestling are fuller than
ever this year and a wealth of ma
terial will take part in the prelimin
aries this week.
Entry lists arc rapidly filling up in
the boxing, wrestling, and fencing
tournaments. Preliminaries for these
tournaments will be staged this week
and the finals in all three will be run
off next Monday night at the gymnas
ium.
Prospects for larger entry lists than
in former tournaments are bright and
the appearance of the survival of the
fittest next Monday night should re
sult in one of the best athletic shows
ever put on here.
This year is the first that a class
at the gymnasium lias been given over
exclusively to fencing and increased
interest has resulted. The classes in
boxing and wrestling are fuller than
ever this year and a wealth of ma
terial will take part in the prelimin
aries this week.
Entry lists arc rapidly filling up in
the boxing, wrestling, and fencing
tournaments. Preliminaries for these
tournaments will be staged this week
and the finals in all three will be run
off next Monday night at the gymnas
ium.
Prospects for larger entry lists than
in former tournaments are bright and
the appearance of the survival of the
fittest next Monday night should re
sult in one of the best athletic shows
ever put on here.
This year is the first that a class
at the gymnasium lias been given over
exclusively to fencing and increased
interest has resulted. The classes in
boxing and wrestling are fuller than
ever this year and a wealth of ma
terial will take part in the prelimin
aries this week.
Entry lists arc rapidly filling up in
the boxing, wrestling, and fencing
tournaments. Preliminaries for these
tournaments will be staged this week
and the finals in all three will be run
off next Monday night at the gymnas
ium.
Prospects for larger entry lists than
in former tournaments are bright and
the appearance of the survival of the
fittest next Monday night should re
sult in one of the best athletic shows
ever put on here.
This year is the first that a class
at the gymnasium lias been given over
exclusively to fencing and increased
interest has resulted. The classes in
boxing and wrestling are fuller than
ever this year and a wealth of ma
terial will take part in the prelimin
aries this week.
Entry lists arc rapidly filling up in
the boxing, wrestling, and fencing
tournaments. Preliminaries for these
tournaments will be staged this week
and the finals in all three will be run
off next Monday night at the gymnas
ium.
Prospects for larger entry lists than
in former tournaments are bright and
the appearance of the survival of the
fittest next Monday night should re
sult in one of the best athletic shows
ever put on here.
This year is the first that a class
at the gymnasium lias been given over
exclusively to fencing and increased
interest has resulted. The classes in
boxing and wrestling are fuller than
ever this year and a wealth of ma
terial will take part in the prelimin
aries this week.
Entry lists arc rapidly filling up in
the boxing, wrestling, and fencing
tournaments. Preliminaries for these
tournaments will be staged this week
and the finals in all three will be run
off next Monday night at the gymnas
ium.
Prospects for larger entry lists than
in former tournaments are bright and
the appearance of the survival of the
fittest next Monday night should re
sult in one of the best athletic shows
ever put on here.
This year is the first that a class
at the gymnasium lias been given over
exclusively to fencing and increased
interest has resulted. The classes in
boxing and wrestling are fuller than
ever this year and a wealth of ma
terial will take part in the prelimin
aries this week.
Entry lists arc rapidly filling up in
the boxing, wrestling, and fencing
tournaments. Preliminaries for these
tournaments will be staged this week
and the finals in all three will be run
off next Monday night at the gymnas
ium.
Prospects for larger entry lists than
in former tournaments are bright and
the appearance of the survival of the
fittest next Monday night should re
sult in one of the best athletic shows
ever put on here.
This year is the first that a class
at the gymnasium lias been given over
exclusively to fencing and increased
interest has resulted. The classes in
boxing and wrestling are fuller than
ever this year and a wealth of ma
terial will take part in the prelimin
aries this week.
Entry lists arc rapidly filling up in
the boxing, wrestling, and fencing
tournaments. Preliminaries for these
tournaments will be staged this week
and the finals in all three will be run
off next Monday night at the gymnas
ium.
Prospects for larger entry lists than
in former tournaments are bright and
the appearance of the survival of the
fittest next Monday night should re
sult in one of the best athletic shows
ever put on here.
This year is the first that a class
at the gymnasium lias been given over
exclusively to fencing and increased
interest has resulted. The classes in
boxing and wrestling are fuller than
ever this year and a wealth of ma
terial will take part in the prelimin
aries this week.
Entry lists arc rapidly filling up in
the boxing, wrestling, and fencing
tournaments. Preliminaries for these
tournaments will be staged this week
and the finals in all three will be run
off next Monday night at the gymnas
ium.
Prospects for larger entry lists than
in former tournaments are bright and
the appearance of the survival of the
fittest next Monday night should re
sult in one of the best athletic shows
ever put on here.
This year is the first that a class
at the gymnasium lias been given over
exclusively to fencing and increased
interest has resulted. The classes in
boxing and wrestling are fuller than
ever this year and a wealth of ma
terial will take part in the prelimin
aries this week.
Entry lists arc rapidly filling up in
the boxing, wrestling, and fencing
tournaments. Preliminaries for these
tournaments will be staged this week
and the finals in all three will be run
off next Monday night at the gymnas
ium.
Prospects for larger entry lists than
in former tournaments are bright and
the appearance of the survival of the
fittest next Monday night should re
sult in one of the best athletic shows
ever put on here.
This year is the first that a class
at the gymnasium lias been given over
exclusively to fencing and increased
interest has resulted. The classes in
boxing and wrestling are fuller than
ever this year and a wealth of ma
terial will take part in the prelimin
aries this week.
Entry lists arc rapidly filling up in
the boxing, wrestling, and fencing
tournaments. Preliminaries for these
tournaments will be staged this week
and the finals in all three will be run
off next Monday night at the gymnas
ium.
Prospects for larger entry lists than
in former tournaments are bright and
the appearance of the survival of the
fittest next Monday night should re
sult in one of the best athletic shows
ever put on here.
This year is the first that a class
at the gymnasium lias been given over
exclusively to fencing and increased
interest has resulted. The classes in
boxing and wrestling are fuller than
ever this year and a wealth of ma
terial will take part in the prelimin
aries this week.
Entry lists arc rapidly filling up in
the boxing, wrestling, and fencing
tournaments. Preliminaries for these
tournaments will be staged this week
and the finals in all three will be run
off next Monday night at the gymnas
ium.
Prospects for larger entry lists than
in former tournaments are bright and
the appearance of the survival of the
fittest next Monday night should re
sult in one of the best athletic shows
ever put on here.
This year is the first that a class
at the gymnasium lias been given over
exclusively to fencing and increased
interest has resulted. The classes in
boxing and wrestling are fuller than
ever this year and a wealth of ma
terial will take part in the prelimin
aries this week.
Entry lists arc rapidly filling up in
the boxing, wrestling, and fencing
tournaments. Preliminaries for these
tournaments will be staged this week
and the finals in all three will be run
off next Monday night at the gymnas
ium.
Prospects for larger entry lists than
in former tournaments are bright and
the appearance of the survival of the
fittest next Monday night should re
sult in one of the best athletic shows
ever put on here.
This year is the first that a class
at the gymnasium lias been given over
exclusively to fencing and increased
interest has resulted. The classes in
boxing and wrestling are fuller than
ever this year and a wealth of ma
terial will take part in the prelimin
aries this week.
