# MERCHANDISING INTERVIEWS
## 
### 
Miss Mary E. Kearney, personnel
head of the H. C. Capwell Company
in Oakland, will be on campus to
day to interview merchandise train
ees for positions with her company.
Miss Kearney wi!l interview at the
Placement Service in Temporary
Building C.
Miss Mary E. Kearney, personnel
head of the H. C. Capwell Company
in Oakland, will be on campus to
day to interview merchandise train
ees for positions with her company.
Miss Kearney wi!l interview at the
Placement Service in Temporary
Building C.
Miss Mary E. Kearney, personnel
head of the H. C. Capwell Company
in Oakland, will be on campus to
day to interview merchandise train
ees for positions with her company.
Miss Kearney wi!l interview at the
Placement Service in Temporary
Building C.
Miss Mary E. Kearney, personnel
head of the H. C. Capwell Company
in Oakland, will be on campus to
day to interview merchandise train
ees for positions with her company.
Miss Kearney wi!l interview at the
Placement Service in Temporary
Building C.
Miss Mary E. Kearney, personnel
head of the H. C. Capwell Company
in Oakland, will be on campus to
day to interview merchandise train
ees for positions with her company.
Miss Kearney wi!l interview at the
Placement Service in Temporary
Building C.
Miss Mary E. Kearney, personnel
head of the H. C. Capwell Company
in Oakland, will be on campus to
day to interview merchandise train
ees for positions with her company.
Miss Kearney wi!l interview at the
Placement Service in Temporary
Building C.
Miss Mary E. Kearney, personnel
head of the H. C. Capwell Company
in Oakland, will be on campus to
day to interview merchandise train
ees for positions with her company.
Miss Kearney wi!l interview at the
Placement Service in Temporary
Building C.
Miss Mary E. Kearney, personnel
head of the H. C. Capwell Company
in Oakland, will be on campus to
day to interview merchandise train
ees for positions with her company.
Miss Kearney wi!l interview at the
Placement Service in Temporary
Building C.
Miss Mary E. Kearney, personnel
head of the H. C. Capwell Company
in Oakland, will be on campus to
day to interview merchandise train
ees for positions with her company.
Miss Kearney wi!l interview at the
Placement Service in Temporary
Building C.
Miss Mary E. Kearney, personnel
head of the H. C. Capwell Company
in Oakland, will be on campus to
day to interview merchandise train
ees for positions with her company.
Miss Kearney wi!l interview at the
Placement Service in Temporary
Building C.
Miss Mary E. Kearney, personnel
head of the H. C. Capwell Company
in Oakland, will be on campus to
day to interview merchandise train
ees for positions with her company.
Miss Kearney wi!l interview at the
Placement Service in Temporary
Building C.
Miss Mary E. Kearney, personnel
head of the H. C. Capwell Company
in Oakland, will be on campus to
day to interview merchandise train
ees for positions with her company.
Miss Kearney wi!l interview at the
Placement Service in Temporary
Building C.
Miss Mary E. Kearney, personnel
head of the H. C. Capwell Company
in Oakland, will be on campus to
day to interview merchandise train
ees for positions with her company.
Miss Kearney wi!l interview at the
Placement Service in Temporary
Building C.
Miss Mary E. Kearney, personnel
head of the H. C. Capwell Company
in Oakland, will be on campus to
day to interview merchandise train
ees for positions with her company.
Miss Kearney wi!l interview at the
Placement Service in Temporary
Building C.
