# 'WONDER EIGHT'
## 
### 
A poem, '"Wonder Eight," by Pro
fessor Sorensen, who obtained his
doctorate in English from Stanford,
was published in the May 30 issue
of the "Auburn Review." literary
magazine at Alabama Polytechnic
Institute.
A poem, '"Wonder Eight," by Pro
fessor Sorensen, who obtained his
doctorate in English from Stanford,
was published in the May 30 issue
of the "Auburn Review." literary
magazine at Alabama Polytechnic
Institute.
A poem, '"Wonder Eight," by Pro
fessor Sorensen, who obtained his
doctorate in English from Stanford,
was published in the May 30 issue
of the "Auburn Review." literary
magazine at Alabama Polytechnic
Institute.
A poem, '"Wonder Eight," by Pro
fessor Sorensen, who obtained his
doctorate in English from Stanford,
was published in the May 30 issue
of the "Auburn Review." literary
magazine at Alabama Polytechnic
Institute.
A poem, '"Wonder Eight," by Pro
fessor Sorensen, who obtained his
doctorate in English from Stanford,
was published in the May 30 issue
of the "Auburn Review." literary
magazine at Alabama Polytechnic
Institute.
A poem, '"Wonder Eight," by Pro
fessor Sorensen, who obtained his
doctorate in English from Stanford,
was published in the May 30 issue
of the "Auburn Review." literary
magazine at Alabama Polytechnic
Institute.
A poem, '"Wonder Eight," by Pro
fessor Sorensen, who obtained his
doctorate in English from Stanford,
was published in the May 30 issue
of the "Auburn Review." literary
magazine at Alabama Polytechnic
Institute.
A poem, '"Wonder Eight," by Pro
fessor Sorensen, who obtained his
doctorate in English from Stanford,
was published in the May 30 issue
of the "Auburn Review." literary
magazine at Alabama Polytechnic
Institute.
A poem, '"Wonder Eight," by Pro
fessor Sorensen, who obtained his
doctorate in English from Stanford,
was published in the May 30 issue
of the "Auburn Review." literary
magazine at Alabama Polytechnic
Institute.
A poem, '"Wonder Eight," by Pro
fessor Sorensen, who obtained his
doctorate in English from Stanford,
was published in the May 30 issue
of the "Auburn Review." literary
magazine at Alabama Polytechnic
Institute.
A poem, '"Wonder Eight," by Pro
fessor Sorensen, who obtained his
doctorate in English from Stanford,
was published in the May 30 issue
of the "Auburn Review." literary
magazine at Alabama Polytechnic
Institute.
A poem, '"Wonder Eight," by Pro
fessor Sorensen, who obtained his
doctorate in English from Stanford,
was published in the May 30 issue
of the "Auburn Review." literary
magazine at Alabama Polytechnic
Institute.
A poem, '"Wonder Eight," by Pro
fessor Sorensen, who obtained his
doctorate in English from Stanford,
was published in the May 30 issue
of the "Auburn Review." literary
magazine at Alabama Polytechnic
Institute.
A poem, '"Wonder Eight," by Pro
fessor Sorensen, who obtained his
doctorate in English from Stanford,
was published in the May 30 issue
of the "Auburn Review." literary
magazine at Alabama Polytechnic
Institute.
