# Village Activities Com
## 
### 
Officers will be elected for next
quarter's Village Activities Com
mittee at 5:30 in the Pink Room. All
VAC representatives and people in
terested are invited to he present to
offer suggestions for future activi
ties plus criticisms on past activi
ties.
Officers will be elected for next
quarter's Village Activities Com
mittee at 5:30 in the Pink Room. All
VAC representatives and people in
terested are invited to he present to
offer suggestions for future activi
ties plus criticisms on past activi
ties.
Officers will be elected for next
quarter's Village Activities Com
mittee at 5:30 in the Pink Room. All
VAC representatives and people in
terested are invited to he present to
offer suggestions for future activi
ties plus criticisms on past activi
ties.
Officers will be elected for next
quarter's Village Activities Com
mittee at 5:30 in the Pink Room. All
VAC representatives and people in
terested are invited to he present to
offer suggestions for future activi
ties plus criticisms on past activi
ties.
Officers will be elected for next
quarter's Village Activities Com
mittee at 5:30 in the Pink Room. All
VAC representatives and people in
terested are invited to he present to
offer suggestions for future activi
ties plus criticisms on past activi
ties.
Officers will be elected for next
quarter's Village Activities Com
mittee at 5:30 in the Pink Room. All
VAC representatives and people in
terested are invited to he present to
offer suggestions for future activi
ties plus criticisms on past activi
ties.
Officers will be elected for next
quarter's Village Activities Com
mittee at 5:30 in the Pink Room. All
VAC representatives and people in
terested are invited to he present to
offer suggestions for future activi
ties plus criticisms on past activi
ties.
Officers will be elected for next
quarter's Village Activities Com
mittee at 5:30 in the Pink Room. All
VAC representatives and people in
terested are invited to he present to
offer suggestions for future activi
ties plus criticisms on past activi
ties.
Officers will be elected for next
quarter's Village Activities Com
mittee at 5:30 in the Pink Room. All
VAC representatives and people in
terested are invited to he present to
offer suggestions for future activi
ties plus criticisms on past activi
ties.
Officers will be elected for next
quarter's Village Activities Com
mittee at 5:30 in the Pink Room. All
VAC representatives and people in
terested are invited to he present to
offer suggestions for future activi
ties plus criticisms on past activi
ties.
Officers will be elected for next
quarter's Village Activities Com
mittee at 5:30 in the Pink Room. All
VAC representatives and people in
terested are invited to he present to
offer suggestions for future activi
ties plus criticisms on past activi
ties.
Officers will be elected for next
quarter's Village Activities Com
mittee at 5:30 in the Pink Room. All
VAC representatives and people in
terested are invited to he present to
offer suggestions for future activi
ties plus criticisms on past activi
ties.
Officers will be elected for next
quarter's Village Activities Com
mittee at 5:30 in the Pink Room. All
VAC representatives and people in
terested are invited to he present to
offer suggestions for future activi
ties plus criticisms on past activi
ties.
Officers will be elected for next
quarter's Village Activities Com
mittee at 5:30 in the Pink Room. All
VAC representatives and people in
terested are invited to he present to
offer suggestions for future activi
ties plus criticisms on past activi
ties.
