# UD Pre-Reg Closes Today For Fall Term
## 
### 
The second day of pro -registration
of upper division students for fall
quarter will begin this morning.
Procedure for upper division pre
registration is as follows:
1. Obtain a study list card from
major department, fi'l out program,
and have it approved by major pro
fessor.
2. Secure seat cards at the Nitery,
from 8 a.m. to noon or from 1 to
4:30 p.m.
3. Enroll for physical education
courses.
4. Turn in study list and seat
cards at the Nitery or in Tempo
rary Building A, room 60, before
4:30 p.m.
Lower division students will pre
register tomorrow through Monday.
Iney should make appointments
with their adviser lor tomorrow or
Friday for approval of study lists.
Seat cards for lower division will
be issued beginning Friday morn
ing. Appointment slips have been
sent out; a student may obtain a
seat card any time after his ap
pointed hour. There will be no pre
registration for required lower di
vision physical education courses.
Present lower division students
who will transfer to upper division
at the end of spring or summer
quarter should pre-register in up
per division.
The second day of pro -registration
of upper division students for fall
quarter will begin this morning.
Procedure for upper division pre
registration is as follows:
1. Obtain a study list card from
major department, fi'l out program,
and have it approved by major pro
fessor.
2. Secure seat cards at the Nitery,
from 8 a.m. to noon or from 1 to
4:30 p.m.
3. Enroll for physical education
courses.
4. Turn in study list and seat
cards at the Nitery or in Tempo
rary Building A, room 60, before
4:30 p.m.
Lower division students will pre
register tomorrow through Monday.
Iney should make appointments
with their adviser lor tomorrow or
Friday for approval of study lists.
Seat cards for lower division will
be issued beginning Friday morn
ing. Appointment slips have been
sent out; a student may obtain a
seat card any time after his ap
pointed hour. There will be no pre
registration for required lower di
vision physical education courses.
Present lower division students
who will transfer to upper division
at the end of spring or summer
quarter should pre-register in up
per division.
The second day of pro -registration
of upper division students for fall
quarter will begin this morning.
Procedure for upper division pre
registration is as follows:
1. Obtain a study list card from
major department, fi'l out program,
and have it approved by major pro
fessor.
2. Secure seat cards at the Nitery,
from 8 a.m. to noon or from 1 to
4:30 p.m.
3. Enroll for physical education
courses.
4. Turn in study list and seat
cards at the Nitery or in Tempo
rary Building A, room 60, before
4:30 p.m.
Lower division students will pre
register tomorrow through Monday.
Iney should make appointments
with their adviser lor tomorrow or
Friday for approval of study lists.
Seat cards for lower division will
be issued beginning Friday morn
ing. Appointment slips have been
sent out; a student may obtain a
seat card any time after his ap
pointed hour. There will be no pre
registration for required lower di
vision physical education courses.
Present lower division students
who will transfer to upper division
at the end of spring or summer
quarter should pre-register in up
per division.
The second day of pro -registration
of upper division students for fall
quarter will begin this morning.
Procedure for upper division pre
registration is as follows:
1. Obtain a study list card from
major department, fi'l out program,
and have it approved by major pro
fessor.
2. Secure seat cards at the Nitery,
from 8 a.m. to noon or from 1 to
4:30 p.m.
3. Enroll for physical education
courses.
4. Turn in study list and seat
cards at the Nitery or in Tempo
rary Building A, room 60, before
4:30 p.m.
Lower division students will pre
register tomorrow through Monday.
Iney should make appointments
with their adviser lor tomorrow or
Friday for approval of study lists.
Seat cards for lower division will
be issued beginning Friday morn
ing. Appointment slips have been
sent out; a student may obtain a
seat card any time after his ap
pointed hour. There will be no pre
registration for required lower di
vision physical education courses.
Present lower division students
who will transfer to upper division
at the end of spring or summer
quarter should pre-register in up
per division.
The second day of pro -registration
of upper division students for fall
quarter will begin this morning.
Procedure for upper division pre
registration is as follows:
1. Obtain a study list card from
major department, fi'l out program,
and have it approved by major pro
fessor.
2. Secure seat cards at the Nitery,
from 8 a.m. to noon or from 1 to
4:30 p.m.
3. Enroll for physical education
courses.
4. Turn in study list and seat
cards at the Nitery or in Tempo
rary Building A, room 60, before
4:30 p.m.
Lower division students will pre
register tomorrow through Monday.
Iney should make appointments
with their adviser lor tomorrow or
Friday for approval of study lists.
Seat cards for lower division will
be issued beginning Friday morn
ing. Appointment slips have been
sent out; a student may obtain a
seat card any time after his ap
pointed hour. There will be no pre
registration for required lower di
vision physical education courses.
Present lower division students
who will transfer to upper division
at the end of spring or summer
quarter should pre-register in up
per division.
The second day of pro -registration
of upper division students for fall
quarter will begin this morning.
Procedure for upper division pre
registration is as follows:
1. Obtain a study list card from
major department, fi'l out program,
and have it approved by major pro
fessor.
2. Secure seat cards at the Nitery,
from 8 a.m. to noon or from 1 to
4:30 p.m.
3. Enroll for physical education
courses.
4. Turn in study list and seat
cards at the Nitery or in Tempo
rary Building A, room 60, before
4:30 p.m.
Lower division students will pre
register tomorrow through Monday.
Iney should make appointments
with their adviser lor tomorrow or
Friday for approval of study lists.
Seat cards for lower division will
be issued beginning Friday morn
ing. Appointment slips have been
sent out; a student may obtain a
seat card any time after his ap
pointed hour. There will be no pre
registration for required lower di
vision physical education courses.
Present lower division students
who will transfer to upper division
at the end of spring or summer
quarter should pre-register in up
per division.
The second day of pro -registration
of upper division students for fall
quarter will begin this morning.
Procedure for upper division pre
registration is as follows:
1. Obtain a study list card from
major department, fi'l out program,
and have it approved by major pro
fessor.
2. Secure seat cards at the Nitery,
from 8 a.m. to noon or from 1 to
4:30 p.m.
3. Enroll for physical education
courses.
4. Turn in study list and seat
cards at the Nitery or in Tempo
rary Building A, room 60, before
4:30 p.m.
Lower division students will pre
register tomorrow through Monday.
Iney should make appointments
with their adviser lor tomorrow or
Friday for approval of study lists.
Seat cards for lower division will
be issued beginning Friday morn
ing. Appointment slips have been
sent out; a student may obtain a
seat card any time after his ap
pointed hour. There will be no pre
registration for required lower di
vision physical education courses.
Present lower division students
who will transfer to upper division
at the end of spring or summer
quarter should pre-register in up
per division.
The second day of pro -registration
of upper division students for fall
quarter will begin this morning.
Procedure for upper division pre
registration is as follows:
1. Obtain a study list card from
major department, fi'l out program,
and have it approved by major pro
fessor.
2. Secure seat cards at the Nitery,
from 8 a.m. to noon or from 1 to
4:30 p.m.
3. Enroll for physical education
courses.
4. Turn in study list and seat
cards at the Nitery or in Tempo
rary Building A, room 60, before
4:30 p.m.
Lower division students will pre
register tomorrow through Monday.
Iney should make appointments
with their adviser lor tomorrow or
Friday for approval of study lists.
Seat cards for lower division will
be issued beginning Friday morn
ing. Appointment slips have been
sent out; a student may obtain a
seat card any time after his ap
pointed hour. There will be no pre
registration for required lower di
vision physical education courses.
Present lower division students
who will transfer to upper division
at the end of spring or summer
quarter should pre-register in up
per division.
The second day of pro -registration
of upper division students for fall
quarter will begin this morning.
Procedure for upper division pre
registration is as follows:
1. Obtain a study list card from
major department, fi'l out program,
and have it approved by major pro
fessor.
2. Secure seat cards at the Nitery,
from 8 a.m. to noon or from 1 to
4:30 p.m.
3. Enroll for physical education
courses.
4. Turn in study list and seat
cards at the Nitery or in Tempo
rary Building A, room 60, before
4:30 p.m.
Lower division students will pre
register tomorrow through Monday.
Iney should make appointments
with their adviser lor tomorrow or
Friday for approval of study lists.
Seat cards for lower division will
be issued beginning Friday morn
ing. Appointment slips have been
sent out; a student may obtain a
seat card any time after his ap
pointed hour. There will be no pre
registration for required lower di
vision physical education courses.
Present lower division students
who will transfer to upper division
at the end of spring or summer
quarter should pre-register in up
per division.
The second day of pro -registration
of upper division students for fall
quarter will begin this morning.
Procedure for upper division pre
registration is as follows:
1. Obtain a study list card from
major department, fi'l out program,
and have it approved by major pro
fessor.
2. Secure seat cards at the Nitery,
from 8 a.m. to noon or from 1 to
4:30 p.m.
3. Enroll for physical education
courses.
4. Turn in study list and seat
cards at the Nitery or in Tempo
rary Building A, room 60, before
4:30 p.m.
Lower division students will pre
register tomorrow through Monday.
Iney should make appointments
with their adviser lor tomorrow or
Friday for approval of study lists.
Seat cards for lower division will
be issued beginning Friday morn
ing. Appointment slips have been
sent out; a student may obtain a
seat card any time after his ap
pointed hour. There will be no pre
registration for required lower di
vision physical education courses.
Present lower division students
who will transfer to upper division
at the end of spring or summer
quarter should pre-register in up
per division.
The second day of pro -registration
of upper division students for fall
quarter will begin this morning.
Procedure for upper division pre
registration is as follows:
1. Obtain a study list card from
major department, fi'l out program,
and have it approved by major pro
fessor.
2. Secure seat cards at the Nitery,
from 8 a.m. to noon or from 1 to
4:30 p.m.
3. Enroll for physical education
courses.
4. Turn in study list and seat
cards at the Nitery or in Tempo
rary Building A, room 60, before
4:30 p.m.
Lower division students will pre
register tomorrow through Monday.
Iney should make appointments
with their adviser lor tomorrow or
Friday for approval of study lists.
Seat cards for lower division will
be issued beginning Friday morn
ing. Appointment slips have been
sent out; a student may obtain a
seat card any time after his ap
pointed hour. There will be no pre
registration for required lower di
vision physical education courses.
Present lower division students
who will transfer to upper division
at the end of spring or summer
quarter should pre-register in up
per division.
The second day of pro -registration
of upper division students for fall
quarter will begin this morning.
Procedure for upper division pre
registration is as follows:
1. Obtain a study list card from
major department, fi'l out program,
and have it approved by major pro
fessor.
2. Secure seat cards at the Nitery,
from 8 a.m. to noon or from 1 to
4:30 p.m.
3. Enroll for physical education
courses.
4. Turn in study list and seat
cards at the Nitery or in Tempo
rary Building A, room 60, before
4:30 p.m.
Lower division students will pre
register tomorrow through Monday.
Iney should make appointments
with their adviser lor tomorrow or
Friday for approval of study lists.
Seat cards for lower division will
be issued beginning Friday morn
ing. Appointment slips have been
sent out; a student may obtain a
seat card any time after his ap
pointed hour. There will be no pre
registration for required lower di
vision physical education courses.
Present lower division students
who will transfer to upper division
at the end of spring or summer
quarter should pre-register in up
per division.
The second day of pro -registration
of upper division students for fall
quarter will begin this morning.
Procedure for upper division pre
registration is as follows:
1. Obtain a study list card from
major department, fi'l out program,
and have it approved by major pro
fessor.
2. Secure seat cards at the Nitery,
from 8 a.m. to noon or from 1 to
4:30 p.m.
3. Enroll for physical education
courses.
4. Turn in study list and seat
cards at the Nitery or in Tempo
rary Building A, room 60, before
4:30 p.m.
Lower division students will pre
register tomorrow through Monday.
Iney should make appointments
with their adviser lor tomorrow or
Friday for approval of study lists.
Seat cards for lower division will
be issued beginning Friday morn
ing. Appointment slips have been
sent out; a student may obtain a
seat card any time after his ap
pointed hour. There will be no pre
registration for required lower di
vision physical education courses.
Present lower division students
who will transfer to upper division
at the end of spring or summer
quarter should pre-register in up
per division.
The second day of pro -registration
of upper division students for fall
quarter will begin this morning.
Procedure for upper division pre
registration is as follows:
1. Obtain a study list card from
major department, fi'l out program,
and have it approved by major pro
fessor.
2. Secure seat cards at the Nitery,
from 8 a.m. to noon or from 1 to
4:30 p.m.
3. Enroll for physical education
courses.
4. Turn in study list and seat
cards at the Nitery or in Tempo
rary Building A, room 60, before
4:30 p.m.
Lower division students will pre
register tomorrow through Monday.
Iney should make appointments
with their adviser lor tomorrow or
Friday for approval of study lists.
Seat cards for lower division will
be issued beginning Friday morn
ing. Appointment slips have been
sent out; a student may obtain a
seat card any time after his ap
pointed hour. There will be no pre
registration for required lower di
vision physical education courses.
Present lower division students
who will transfer to upper division
at the end of spring or summer
quarter should pre-register in up
per division.
