# Hillel Will Hold Meeting Tonight
## 
### 
Hillel Council announces that a
film program including "The Floor
walker,' starring Charlie Chaplin,
has been scheduled for tonight's
meeting at 8 o'clock in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
In addition, two other short pic
tures will be shown, according to
John Livingston, president. The
public is invited.
Hi lei will also have an honored
visitor. Rabbi Jehudah M. Cohen,
West Coast director of B'nai B'rith
Hillel. All those who would like to
meet the rabbi are urged to attend
tonight.
Hillel Council announces that a
film program including "The Floor
walker,' starring Charlie Chaplin,
has been scheduled for tonight's
meeting at 8 o'clock in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
In addition, two other short pic
tures will be shown, according to
John Livingston, president. The
public is invited.
Hi lei will also have an honored
visitor. Rabbi Jehudah M. Cohen,
West Coast director of B'nai B'rith
Hillel. All those who would like to
meet the rabbi are urged to attend
tonight.
Hillel Council announces that a
film program including "The Floor
walker,' starring Charlie Chaplin,
has been scheduled for tonight's
meeting at 8 o'clock in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
In addition, two other short pic
tures will be shown, according to
John Livingston, president. The
public is invited.
Hi lei will also have an honored
visitor. Rabbi Jehudah M. Cohen,
West Coast director of B'nai B'rith
Hillel. All those who would like to
meet the rabbi are urged to attend
tonight.
Hillel Council announces that a
film program including "The Floor
walker,' starring Charlie Chaplin,
has been scheduled for tonight's
meeting at 8 o'clock in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
In addition, two other short pic
tures will be shown, according to
John Livingston, president. The
public is invited.
Hi lei will also have an honored
visitor. Rabbi Jehudah M. Cohen,
West Coast director of B'nai B'rith
Hillel. All those who would like to
meet the rabbi are urged to attend
tonight.
Hillel Council announces that a
film program including "The Floor
walker,' starring Charlie Chaplin,
has been scheduled for tonight's
meeting at 8 o'clock in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
In addition, two other short pic
tures will be shown, according to
John Livingston, president. The
public is invited.
Hi lei will also have an honored
visitor. Rabbi Jehudah M. Cohen,
West Coast director of B'nai B'rith
Hillel. All those who would like to
meet the rabbi are urged to attend
tonight.
Hillel Council announces that a
film program including "The Floor
walker,' starring Charlie Chaplin,
has been scheduled for tonight's
meeting at 8 o'clock in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
In addition, two other short pic
tures will be shown, according to
John Livingston, president. The
public is invited.
Hi lei will also have an honored
visitor. Rabbi Jehudah M. Cohen,
West Coast director of B'nai B'rith
Hillel. All those who would like to
meet the rabbi are urged to attend
tonight.
Hillel Council announces that a
film program including "The Floor
walker,' starring Charlie Chaplin,
has been scheduled for tonight's
meeting at 8 o'clock in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
In addition, two other short pic
tures will be shown, according to
John Livingston, president. The
public is invited.
Hi lei will also have an honored
visitor. Rabbi Jehudah M. Cohen,
West Coast director of B'nai B'rith
Hillel. All those who would like to
meet the rabbi are urged to attend
tonight.
Hillel Council announces that a
film program including "The Floor
walker,' starring Charlie Chaplin,
has been scheduled for tonight's
meeting at 8 o'clock in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
In addition, two other short pic
tures will be shown, according to
John Livingston, president. The
public is invited.
Hi lei will also have an honored
visitor. Rabbi Jehudah M. Cohen,
West Coast director of B'nai B'rith
Hillel. All those who would like to
meet the rabbi are urged to attend
tonight.
Hillel Council announces that a
film program including "The Floor
walker,' starring Charlie Chaplin,
has been scheduled for tonight's
meeting at 8 o'clock in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
In addition, two other short pic
tures will be shown, according to
John Livingston, president. The
public is invited.
Hi lei will also have an honored
visitor. Rabbi Jehudah M. Cohen,
West Coast director of B'nai B'rith
Hillel. All those who would like to
meet the rabbi are urged to attend
tonight.
Hillel Council announces that a
film program including "The Floor
walker,' starring Charlie Chaplin,
has been scheduled for tonight's
meeting at 8 o'clock in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
In addition, two other short pic
tures will be shown, according to
John Livingston, president. The
public is invited.
Hi lei will also have an honored
visitor. Rabbi Jehudah M. Cohen,
West Coast director of B'nai B'rith
Hillel. All those who would like to
meet the rabbi are urged to attend
tonight.
Hillel Council announces that a
film program including "The Floor
walker,' starring Charlie Chaplin,
has been scheduled for tonight's
meeting at 8 o'clock in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
In addition, two other short pic
tures will be shown, according to
John Livingston, president. The
public is invited.
Hi lei will also have an honored
visitor. Rabbi Jehudah M. Cohen,
West Coast director of B'nai B'rith
Hillel. All those who would like to
meet the rabbi are urged to attend
tonight.
Hillel Council announces that a
film program including "The Floor
walker,' starring Charlie Chaplin,
has been scheduled for tonight's
meeting at 8 o'clock in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
In addition, two other short pic
tures will be shown, according to
John Livingston, president. The
public is invited.
Hi lei will also have an honored
visitor. Rabbi Jehudah M. Cohen,
West Coast director of B'nai B'rith
Hillel. All those who would like to
meet the rabbi are urged to attend
tonight.
Hillel Council announces that a
film program including "The Floor
walker,' starring Charlie Chaplin,
has been scheduled for tonight's
meeting at 8 o'clock in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
In addition, two other short pic
tures will be shown, according to
John Livingston, president. The
public is invited.
Hi lei will also have an honored
visitor. Rabbi Jehudah M. Cohen,
West Coast director of B'nai B'rith
Hillel. All those who would like to
meet the rabbi are urged to attend
tonight.
Hillel Council announces that a
film program including "The Floor
walker,' starring Charlie Chaplin,
has been scheduled for tonight's
meeting at 8 o'clock in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
In addition, two other short pic
tures will be shown, according to
John Livingston, president. The
public is invited.
Hi lei will also have an honored
visitor. Rabbi Jehudah M. Cohen,
West Coast director of B'nai B'rith
Hillel. All those who would like to
meet the rabbi are urged to attend
tonight.
