# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Kal Keasey — Daily
Playoff bound
Men's volleyball vanquished the Trojans of (JSC Friday night in five games. Before a standing-room-only crowd
that taunted the Trojans all night long, the Cardinal captured the first two games, dropped the next two and
overcame a 9-4 deficit to win the decisive fifth game. Saturday, the spikers downed San Diego State and
guaranteed themselves a spot in the Western Intercollegiate Volleyball Association playoffs. Details in Sports
Monday, page 7.

Kal Keasey — Daily
Playoff bound
Men's volleyball vanquished the Trojans of (JSC Friday night in five games. Before a standing-room-only crowd
that taunted the Trojans all night long, the Cardinal captured the first two games, dropped the next two and
overcame a 9-4 deficit to win the decisive fifth game. Saturday, the spikers downed San Diego State and
guaranteed themselves a spot in the Western Intercollegiate Volleyball Association playoffs. Details in Sports
Monday, page 7.

Kal Keasey — Daily
Playoff bound
Men's volleyball vanquished the Trojans of (JSC Friday night in five games. Before a standing-room-only crowd
that taunted the Trojans all night long, the Cardinal captured the first two games, dropped the next two and
overcame a 9-4 deficit to win the decisive fifth game. Saturday, the spikers downed San Diego State and
guaranteed themselves a spot in the Western Intercollegiate Volleyball Association playoffs. Details in Sports
Monday, page 7.

Kal Keasey — Daily
Playoff bound
Men's volleyball vanquished the Trojans of (JSC Friday night in five games. Before a standing-room-only crowd
that taunted the Trojans all night long, the Cardinal captured the first two games, dropped the next two and
overcame a 9-4 deficit to win the decisive fifth game. Saturday, the spikers downed San Diego State and
guaranteed themselves a spot in the Western Intercollegiate Volleyball Association playoffs. Details in Sports
Monday, page 7.

Kal Keasey — Daily
Playoff bound
Men's volleyball vanquished the Trojans of (JSC Friday night in five games. Before a standing-room-only crowd
that taunted the Trojans all night long, the Cardinal captured the first two games, dropped the next two and
overcame a 9-4 deficit to win the decisive fifth game. Saturday, the spikers downed San Diego State and
guaranteed themselves a spot in the Western Intercollegiate Volleyball Association playoffs. Details in Sports
Monday, page 7.

Kal Keasey — Daily
Playoff bound
Men's volleyball vanquished the Trojans of (JSC Friday night in five games. Before a standing-room-only crowd
that taunted the Trojans all night long, the Cardinal captured the first two games, dropped the next two and
overcame a 9-4 deficit to win the decisive fifth game. Saturday, the spikers downed San Diego State and
guaranteed themselves a spot in the Western Intercollegiate Volleyball Association playoffs. Details in Sports
Monday, page 7.

Kal Keasey — Daily
Playoff bound
Men's volleyball vanquished the Trojans of (JSC Friday night in five games. Before a standing-room-only crowd
that taunted the Trojans all night long, the Cardinal captured the first two games, dropped the next two and
overcame a 9-4 deficit to win the decisive fifth game. Saturday, the spikers downed San Diego State and
guaranteed themselves a spot in the Western Intercollegiate Volleyball Association playoffs. Details in Sports
Monday, page 7.
