# ORCHESTRA PROGRAM
## 
### 
The Stanford Symphony Orchestra,
under the baton of Ferene Molnar,
will give a program in the auditorium
of the Memorial Hall at 8 on Wednes
day, June 14. The public is invited.
The Stanford Symphony Orchestra,
under the baton of Ferene Molnar,
will give a program in the auditorium
of the Memorial Hall at 8 on Wednes
day, June 14. The public is invited.
The Stanford Symphony Orchestra,
under the baton of Ferene Molnar,
will give a program in the auditorium
of the Memorial Hall at 8 on Wednes
day, June 14. The public is invited.
The Stanford Symphony Orchestra,
under the baton of Ferene Molnar,
will give a program in the auditorium
of the Memorial Hall at 8 on Wednes
day, June 14. The public is invited.
The Stanford Symphony Orchestra,
under the baton of Ferene Molnar,
will give a program in the auditorium
of the Memorial Hall at 8 on Wednes
day, June 14. The public is invited.
The Stanford Symphony Orchestra,
under the baton of Ferene Molnar,
will give a program in the auditorium
of the Memorial Hall at 8 on Wednes
day, June 14. The public is invited.
The Stanford Symphony Orchestra,
under the baton of Ferene Molnar,
will give a program in the auditorium
of the Memorial Hall at 8 on Wednes
day, June 14. The public is invited.
The Stanford Symphony Orchestra,
under the baton of Ferene Molnar,
will give a program in the auditorium
of the Memorial Hall at 8 on Wednes
day, June 14. The public is invited.
The Stanford Symphony Orchestra,
under the baton of Ferene Molnar,
will give a program in the auditorium
of the Memorial Hall at 8 on Wednes
day, June 14. The public is invited.
The Stanford Symphony Orchestra,
under the baton of Ferene Molnar,
will give a program in the auditorium
of the Memorial Hall at 8 on Wednes
day, June 14. The public is invited.
The Stanford Symphony Orchestra,
under the baton of Ferene Molnar,
will give a program in the auditorium
of the Memorial Hall at 8 on Wednes
day, June 14. The public is invited.
The Stanford Symphony Orchestra,
under the baton of Ferene Molnar,
will give a program in the auditorium
of the Memorial Hall at 8 on Wednes
day, June 14. The public is invited.
The Stanford Symphony Orchestra,
under the baton of Ferene Molnar,
will give a program in the auditorium
of the Memorial Hall at 8 on Wednes
day, June 14. The public is invited.
The Stanford Symphony Orchestra,
under the baton of Ferene Molnar,
will give a program in the auditorium
of the Memorial Hall at 8 on Wednes
day, June 14. The public is invited.
The Stanford Symphony Orchestra,
under the baton of Ferene Molnar,
will give a program in the auditorium
of the Memorial Hall at 8 on Wednes
day, June 14. The public is invited.
