# HUXLEY EXHIBIT
## 
### 
Manuscripts and first-edition books
by Aldous Huxley will be on exhibit
in the main corridors of the Univer
sity Library throughout the week.
The exhibit is displayed through the
courtesy of Aldous Huxley and Jacob
Zcitlin.
Manuscripts and first-edition books
by Aldous Huxley will be on exhibit
in the main corridors of the Univer
sity Library throughout the week.
The exhibit is displayed through the
courtesy of Aldous Huxley and Jacob
Zcitlin.
Manuscripts and first-edition books
by Aldous Huxley will be on exhibit
in the main corridors of the Univer
sity Library throughout the week.
The exhibit is displayed through the
courtesy of Aldous Huxley and Jacob
Zcitlin.
Manuscripts and first-edition books
by Aldous Huxley will be on exhibit
in the main corridors of the Univer
sity Library throughout the week.
The exhibit is displayed through the
courtesy of Aldous Huxley and Jacob
Zcitlin.
Manuscripts and first-edition books
by Aldous Huxley will be on exhibit
in the main corridors of the Univer
sity Library throughout the week.
The exhibit is displayed through the
courtesy of Aldous Huxley and Jacob
Zcitlin.
Manuscripts and first-edition books
by Aldous Huxley will be on exhibit
in the main corridors of the Univer
sity Library throughout the week.
The exhibit is displayed through the
courtesy of Aldous Huxley and Jacob
Zcitlin.
Manuscripts and first-edition books
by Aldous Huxley will be on exhibit
in the main corridors of the Univer
sity Library throughout the week.
The exhibit is displayed through the
courtesy of Aldous Huxley and Jacob
Zcitlin.
Manuscripts and first-edition books
by Aldous Huxley will be on exhibit
in the main corridors of the Univer
sity Library throughout the week.
The exhibit is displayed through the
courtesy of Aldous Huxley and Jacob
Zcitlin.
Manuscripts and first-edition books
by Aldous Huxley will be on exhibit
in the main corridors of the Univer
sity Library throughout the week.
The exhibit is displayed through the
courtesy of Aldous Huxley and Jacob
Zcitlin.
Manuscripts and first-edition books
by Aldous Huxley will be on exhibit
in the main corridors of the Univer
sity Library throughout the week.
The exhibit is displayed through the
courtesy of Aldous Huxley and Jacob
Zcitlin.
Manuscripts and first-edition books
by Aldous Huxley will be on exhibit
in the main corridors of the Univer
sity Library throughout the week.
The exhibit is displayed through the
courtesy of Aldous Huxley and Jacob
Zcitlin.
Manuscripts and first-edition books
by Aldous Huxley will be on exhibit
in the main corridors of the Univer
sity Library throughout the week.
The exhibit is displayed through the
courtesy of Aldous Huxley and Jacob
Zcitlin.
Manuscripts and first-edition books
by Aldous Huxley will be on exhibit
in the main corridors of the Univer
sity Library throughout the week.
The exhibit is displayed through the
courtesy of Aldous Huxley and Jacob
Zcitlin.
Manuscripts and first-edition books
by Aldous Huxley will be on exhibit
in the main corridors of the Univer
sity Library throughout the week.
The exhibit is displayed through the
courtesy of Aldous Huxley and Jacob
Zcitlin.
Manuscripts and first-edition books
by Aldous Huxley will be on exhibit
in the main corridors of the Univer
sity Library throughout the week.
The exhibit is displayed through the
courtesy of Aldous Huxley and Jacob
Zcitlin.
