# Biology Seminar Hears Elliott on Wednesday
## 
### 
Henry Elliott, research associate of
the department of physiology, will
speak at the School of Biological Sci
ences Seminar in Room 430, Jordan
Hall, on Wednesday, June 14, at 4:15
p.m. Mr. Elliott's subject will be
"The Effect of Lowered Body Tem
perature on Circulation and Other
Functions." The seminar will be
preceded by a tea at 4 p.m., to which
faculty, students, and visitors arc
welcome.
Henry Elliott, research associate of
the department of physiology, will
speak at the School of Biological Sci
ences Seminar in Room 430, Jordan
Hall, on Wednesday, June 14, at 4:15
p.m. Mr. Elliott's subject will be
"The Effect of Lowered Body Tem
perature on Circulation and Other
Functions." The seminar will be
preceded by a tea at 4 p.m., to which
faculty, students, and visitors arc
welcome.
Henry Elliott, research associate of
the department of physiology, will
speak at the School of Biological Sci
ences Seminar in Room 430, Jordan
Hall, on Wednesday, June 14, at 4:15
p.m. Mr. Elliott's subject will be
"The Effect of Lowered Body Tem
perature on Circulation and Other
Functions." The seminar will be
preceded by a tea at 4 p.m., to which
faculty, students, and visitors arc
welcome.
Henry Elliott, research associate of
the department of physiology, will
speak at the School of Biological Sci
ences Seminar in Room 430, Jordan
Hall, on Wednesday, June 14, at 4:15
p.m. Mr. Elliott's subject will be
"The Effect of Lowered Body Tem
perature on Circulation and Other
Functions." The seminar will be
preceded by a tea at 4 p.m., to which
faculty, students, and visitors arc
welcome.
Henry Elliott, research associate of
the department of physiology, will
speak at the School of Biological Sci
ences Seminar in Room 430, Jordan
Hall, on Wednesday, June 14, at 4:15
p.m. Mr. Elliott's subject will be
"The Effect of Lowered Body Tem
perature on Circulation and Other
Functions." The seminar will be
preceded by a tea at 4 p.m., to which
faculty, students, and visitors arc
welcome.
Henry Elliott, research associate of
the department of physiology, will
speak at the School of Biological Sci
ences Seminar in Room 430, Jordan
Hall, on Wednesday, June 14, at 4:15
p.m. Mr. Elliott's subject will be
"The Effect of Lowered Body Tem
perature on Circulation and Other
Functions." The seminar will be
preceded by a tea at 4 p.m., to which
faculty, students, and visitors arc
welcome.
Henry Elliott, research associate of
the department of physiology, will
speak at the School of Biological Sci
ences Seminar in Room 430, Jordan
Hall, on Wednesday, June 14, at 4:15
p.m. Mr. Elliott's subject will be
"The Effect of Lowered Body Tem
perature on Circulation and Other
Functions." The seminar will be
preceded by a tea at 4 p.m., to which
faculty, students, and visitors arc
welcome.
Henry Elliott, research associate of
the department of physiology, will
speak at the School of Biological Sci
ences Seminar in Room 430, Jordan
Hall, on Wednesday, June 14, at 4:15
p.m. Mr. Elliott's subject will be
"The Effect of Lowered Body Tem
perature on Circulation and Other
Functions." The seminar will be
preceded by a tea at 4 p.m., to which
faculty, students, and visitors arc
welcome.
Henry Elliott, research associate of
the department of physiology, will
speak at the School of Biological Sci
ences Seminar in Room 430, Jordan
Hall, on Wednesday, June 14, at 4:15
p.m. Mr. Elliott's subject will be
"The Effect of Lowered Body Tem
perature on Circulation and Other
Functions." The seminar will be
preceded by a tea at 4 p.m., to which
faculty, students, and visitors arc
welcome.
Henry Elliott, research associate of
the department of physiology, will
speak at the School of Biological Sci
ences Seminar in Room 430, Jordan
Hall, on Wednesday, June 14, at 4:15
p.m. Mr. Elliott's subject will be
"The Effect of Lowered Body Tem
perature on Circulation and Other
Functions." The seminar will be
preceded by a tea at 4 p.m., to which
faculty, students, and visitors arc
welcome.
Henry Elliott, research associate of
the department of physiology, will
speak at the School of Biological Sci
ences Seminar in Room 430, Jordan
Hall, on Wednesday, June 14, at 4:15
p.m. Mr. Elliott's subject will be
"The Effect of Lowered Body Tem
perature on Circulation and Other
Functions." The seminar will be
preceded by a tea at 4 p.m., to which
faculty, students, and visitors arc
welcome.
Henry Elliott, research associate of
the department of physiology, will
speak at the School of Biological Sci
ences Seminar in Room 430, Jordan
Hall, on Wednesday, June 14, at 4:15
p.m. Mr. Elliott's subject will be
"The Effect of Lowered Body Tem
perature on Circulation and Other
Functions." The seminar will be
preceded by a tea at 4 p.m., to which
faculty, students, and visitors arc
welcome.
Henry Elliott, research associate of
the department of physiology, will
speak at the School of Biological Sci
ences Seminar in Room 430, Jordan
Hall, on Wednesday, June 14, at 4:15
p.m. Mr. Elliott's subject will be
"The Effect of Lowered Body Tem
perature on Circulation and Other
Functions." The seminar will be
preceded by a tea at 4 p.m., to which
faculty, students, and visitors arc
welcome.
Henry Elliott, research associate of
the department of physiology, will
speak at the School of Biological Sci
ences Seminar in Room 430, Jordan
Hall, on Wednesday, June 14, at 4:15
p.m. Mr. Elliott's subject will be
"The Effect of Lowered Body Tem
perature on Circulation and Other
Functions." The seminar will be
preceded by a tea at 4 p.m., to which
faculty, students, and visitors arc
welcome.
Henry Elliott, research associate of
the department of physiology, will
speak at the School of Biological Sci
ences Seminar in Room 430, Jordan
Hall, on Wednesday, June 14, at 4:15
p.m. Mr. Elliott's subject will be
"The Effect of Lowered Body Tem
perature on Circulation and Other
Functions." The seminar will be
preceded by a tea at 4 p.m., to which
faculty, students, and visitors arc
welcome.
