# POLICE READY FOR UNEMPLOYED DEMONSTRATION
## 
### 


Police of all nations are prepared to quell a wo rid-wide unemployed demonstration which is scheduled
to take place today. Above, police breaking up a recent communist riot in New York City. Two hundred
i were arrested, including several women.


Police of all nations are prepared to quell a wo rid-wide unemployed demonstration which is scheduled
to take place today. Above, police breaking up a recent communist riot in New York City. Two hundred
i were arrested, including several women.


Police of all nations are prepared to quell a wo rid-wide unemployed demonstration which is scheduled
to take place today. Above, police breaking up a recent communist riot in New York City. Two hundred
i were arrested, including several women.


Police of all nations are prepared to quell a wo rid-wide unemployed demonstration which is scheduled
to take place today. Above, police breaking up a recent communist riot in New York City. Two hundred
i were arrested, including several women.


Police of all nations are prepared to quell a wo rid-wide unemployed demonstration which is scheduled
to take place today. Above, police breaking up a recent communist riot in New York City. Two hundred
i were arrested, including several women.


Police of all nations are prepared to quell a wo rid-wide unemployed demonstration which is scheduled
to take place today. Above, police breaking up a recent communist riot in New York City. Two hundred
i were arrested, including several women.


Police of all nations are prepared to quell a wo rid-wide unemployed demonstration which is scheduled
to take place today. Above, police breaking up a recent communist riot in New York City. Two hundred
i were arrested, including several women.


Police of all nations are prepared to quell a wo rid-wide unemployed demonstration which is scheduled
to take place today. Above, police breaking up a recent communist riot in New York City. Two hundred
i were arrested, including several women.


Police of all nations are prepared to quell a wo rid-wide unemployed demonstration which is scheduled
to take place today. Above, police breaking up a recent communist riot in New York City. Two hundred
i were arrested, including several women.


Police of all nations are prepared to quell a wo rid-wide unemployed demonstration which is scheduled
to take place today. Above, police breaking up a recent communist riot in New York City. Two hundred
i were arrested, including several women.


Police of all nations are prepared to quell a wo rid-wide unemployed demonstration which is scheduled
to take place today. Above, police breaking up a recent communist riot in New York City. Two hundred
i were arrested, including several women.


Police of all nations are prepared to quell a wo rid-wide unemployed demonstration which is scheduled
to take place today. Above, police breaking up a recent communist riot in New York City. Two hundred
i were arrested, including several women.


Police of all nations are prepared to quell a wo rid-wide unemployed demonstration which is scheduled
to take place today. Above, police breaking up a recent communist riot in New York City. Two hundred
i were arrested, including several women.


Police of all nations are prepared to quell a wo rid-wide unemployed demonstration which is scheduled
to take place today. Above, police breaking up a recent communist riot in New York City. Two hundred
i were arrested, including several women.


Police of all nations are prepared to quell a wo rid-wide unemployed demonstration which is scheduled
to take place today. Above, police breaking up a recent communist riot in New York City. Two hundred
i were arrested, including several women.
