# BID HOLDERS TO GET MILITARY PROGRAMS
## 
### 
Dance programs for the Militarv
Hall to be held in the Pavilion on
Friday night are now being dis
tributed at the A.S.S.U. office on
presentation of bids, Fred Cooke,
in charge of the programs, has an
nounced.
The covers are of black suede
leather, embossed in silver with a
knight on horseback. On his shield
the knight carries tire insignia of
Scabbard and Hlade in gold. The
entire quota of bids has been
sold, according to Marron Ken
drick, general dance chairman.
Dance programs for the Militarv
Hall to be held in the Pavilion on
Friday night are now being dis
tributed at the A.S.S.U. office on
presentation of bids, Fred Cooke,
in charge of the programs, has an
nounced.
The covers are of black suede
leather, embossed in silver with a
knight on horseback. On his shield
the knight carries tire insignia of
Scabbard and Hlade in gold. The
entire quota of bids has been
sold, according to Marron Ken
drick, general dance chairman.
Dance programs for the Militarv
Hall to be held in the Pavilion on
Friday night are now being dis
tributed at the A.S.S.U. office on
presentation of bids, Fred Cooke,
in charge of the programs, has an
nounced.
The covers are of black suede
leather, embossed in silver with a
knight on horseback. On his shield
the knight carries tire insignia of
Scabbard and Hlade in gold. The
entire quota of bids has been
sold, according to Marron Ken
drick, general dance chairman.
Dance programs for the Militarv
Hall to be held in the Pavilion on
Friday night are now being dis
tributed at the A.S.S.U. office on
presentation of bids, Fred Cooke,
in charge of the programs, has an
nounced.
The covers are of black suede
leather, embossed in silver with a
knight on horseback. On his shield
the knight carries tire insignia of
Scabbard and Hlade in gold. The
entire quota of bids has been
sold, according to Marron Ken
drick, general dance chairman.
Dance programs for the Militarv
Hall to be held in the Pavilion on
Friday night are now being dis
tributed at the A.S.S.U. office on
presentation of bids, Fred Cooke,
in charge of the programs, has an
nounced.
The covers are of black suede
leather, embossed in silver with a
knight on horseback. On his shield
the knight carries tire insignia of
Scabbard and Hlade in gold. The
entire quota of bids has been
sold, according to Marron Ken
drick, general dance chairman.
Dance programs for the Militarv
Hall to be held in the Pavilion on
Friday night are now being dis
tributed at the A.S.S.U. office on
presentation of bids, Fred Cooke,
in charge of the programs, has an
nounced.
The covers are of black suede
leather, embossed in silver with a
knight on horseback. On his shield
the knight carries tire insignia of
Scabbard and Hlade in gold. The
entire quota of bids has been
sold, according to Marron Ken
drick, general dance chairman.
Dance programs for the Militarv
Hall to be held in the Pavilion on
Friday night are now being dis
tributed at the A.S.S.U. office on
presentation of bids, Fred Cooke,
in charge of the programs, has an
nounced.
The covers are of black suede
leather, embossed in silver with a
knight on horseback. On his shield
the knight carries tire insignia of
Scabbard and Hlade in gold. The
entire quota of bids has been
sold, according to Marron Ken
drick, general dance chairman.
Dance programs for the Militarv
Hall to be held in the Pavilion on
Friday night are now being dis
tributed at the A.S.S.U. office on
presentation of bids, Fred Cooke,
in charge of the programs, has an
nounced.
The covers are of black suede
leather, embossed in silver with a
knight on horseback. On his shield
the knight carries tire insignia of
Scabbard and Hlade in gold. The
entire quota of bids has been
sold, according to Marron Ken
drick, general dance chairman.
Dance programs for the Militarv
Hall to be held in the Pavilion on
Friday night are now being dis
tributed at the A.S.S.U. office on
presentation of bids, Fred Cooke,
in charge of the programs, has an
nounced.
The covers are of black suede
leather, embossed in silver with a
knight on horseback. On his shield
the knight carries tire insignia of
Scabbard and Hlade in gold. The
entire quota of bids has been
sold, according to Marron Ken
drick, general dance chairman.
Dance programs for the Militarv
Hall to be held in the Pavilion on
Friday night are now being dis
tributed at the A.S.S.U. office on
presentation of bids, Fred Cooke,
in charge of the programs, has an
nounced.
The covers are of black suede
leather, embossed in silver with a
knight on horseback. On his shield
the knight carries tire insignia of
Scabbard and Hlade in gold. The
entire quota of bids has been
sold, according to Marron Ken
drick, general dance chairman.
Dance programs for the Militarv
Hall to be held in the Pavilion on
Friday night are now being dis
tributed at the A.S.S.U. office on
presentation of bids, Fred Cooke,
in charge of the programs, has an
nounced.
The covers are of black suede
leather, embossed in silver with a
knight on horseback. On his shield
the knight carries tire insignia of
Scabbard and Hlade in gold. The
entire quota of bids has been
sold, according to Marron Ken
drick, general dance chairman.
Dance programs for the Militarv
Hall to be held in the Pavilion on
Friday night are now being dis
tributed at the A.S.S.U. office on
presentation of bids, Fred Cooke,
in charge of the programs, has an
nounced.
The covers are of black suede
leather, embossed in silver with a
knight on horseback. On his shield
the knight carries tire insignia of
Scabbard and Hlade in gold. The
entire quota of bids has been
sold, according to Marron Ken
drick, general dance chairman.
Dance programs for the Militarv
Hall to be held in the Pavilion on
Friday night are now being dis
tributed at the A.S.S.U. office on
presentation of bids, Fred Cooke,
in charge of the programs, has an
nounced.
The covers are of black suede
leather, embossed in silver with a
knight on horseback. On his shield
the knight carries tire insignia of
Scabbard and Hlade in gold. The
entire quota of bids has been
sold, according to Marron Ken
drick, general dance chairman.
Dance programs for the Militarv
Hall to be held in the Pavilion on
Friday night are now being dis
tributed at the A.S.S.U. office on
presentation of bids, Fred Cooke,
in charge of the programs, has an
nounced.
The covers are of black suede
leather, embossed in silver with a
knight on horseback. On his shield
the knight carries tire insignia of
Scabbard and Hlade in gold. The
entire quota of bids has been
sold, according to Marron Ken
drick, general dance chairman.
Dance programs for the Militarv
Hall to be held in the Pavilion on
Friday night are now being dis
tributed at the A.S.S.U. office on
presentation of bids, Fred Cooke,
in charge of the programs, has an
nounced.
The covers are of black suede
leather, embossed in silver with a
knight on horseback. On his shield
the knight carries tire insignia of
Scabbard and Hlade in gold. The
entire quota of bids has been
sold, according to Marron Ken
drick, general dance chairman.
