# Net Season Opens Saturday
## CARD TENNIS MEN GO AGAINST U.S.C. IN SEASON OPENER Jack de Lara, L.A. City Champion, Captains Southerners 
### Edward Peck 
The Card netmen will open tlieir
conference season against a strong
U.S.C. squad Saturday morning,
March 8, at 11 o'clock on the var
sity courts. The Trojans leave Los
Angeles tffiiight lor Berkeley,
where they will play the first
Pacific Coast Conference match
with California Friday afternoon,
while Helen Wills Moody is work
ing out here.
The Southerners are led by Jack
de Lara, L.A. city champion and
national municipal titleholder. He
is supported by Bob dates in the
second singles, squad captain last
year. Stan Barr and Art Flum com
plete tlie quartet.
Hall Busy
Captain Larry Hall will be kept
busy over tli" week-end, playing
the feature singles match against
Mrs. Moody Friday afternoon and
supporting the Card hopes in the
first singles against de Lara Satur
day. Ted Eastbn will undoubtedly
play second singles against the
Southerners. The final lineup will
be announced by Frank Ragan
later today.
The Trojan outcome with Cali
fornia and Stanford teams will
give coaches a good line on the
conference dope sheet, since the
three teams who will see action
Friday and Saturday are tlie class
of the conference.
The Card netmen will open tlieir
conference season against a strong
U.S.C. squad Saturday morning,
March 8, at 11 o'clock on the var
sity courts. The Trojans leave Los
Angeles tffiiight lor Berkeley,
where they will play the first
Pacific Coast Conference match
with California Friday afternoon,
while Helen Wills Moody is work
ing out here.
The Southerners are led by Jack
de Lara, L.A. city champion and
national municipal titleholder. He
is supported by Bob dates in the
second singles, squad captain last
year. Stan Barr and Art Flum com
plete tlie quartet.
Hall Busy
Captain Larry Hall will be kept
busy over tli" week-end, playing
the feature singles match against
Mrs. Moody Friday afternoon and
supporting the Card hopes in the
first singles against de Lara Satur
day. Ted Eastbn will undoubtedly
play second singles against the
Southerners. The final lineup will
be announced by Frank Ragan
later today.
The Trojan outcome with Cali
fornia and Stanford teams will
give coaches a good line on the
conference dope sheet, since the
three teams who will see action
Friday and Saturday are tlie class
of the conference.
The Card netmen will open tlieir
conference season against a strong
U.S.C. squad Saturday morning,
March 8, at 11 o'clock on the var
sity courts. The Trojans leave Los
Angeles tffiiight lor Berkeley,
where they will play the first
Pacific Coast Conference match
with California Friday afternoon,
while Helen Wills Moody is work
ing out here.
The Southerners are led by Jack
de Lara, L.A. city champion and
national municipal titleholder. He
is supported by Bob dates in the
second singles, squad captain last
year. Stan Barr and Art Flum com
plete tlie quartet.
Hall Busy
Captain Larry Hall will be kept
busy over tli" week-end, playing
the feature singles match against
Mrs. Moody Friday afternoon and
supporting the Card hopes in the
first singles against de Lara Satur
day. Ted Eastbn will undoubtedly
play second singles against the
Southerners. The final lineup will
be announced by Frank Ragan
later today.
The Trojan outcome with Cali
fornia and Stanford teams will
give coaches a good line on the
conference dope sheet, since the
three teams who will see action
Friday and Saturday are tlie class
of the conference.
The Card netmen will open tlieir
conference season against a strong
U.S.C. squad Saturday morning,
March 8, at 11 o'clock on the var
sity courts. The Trojans leave Los
Angeles tffiiight lor Berkeley,
where they will play the first
Pacific Coast Conference match
with California Friday afternoon,
while Helen Wills Moody is work
ing out here.
The Southerners are led by Jack
de Lara, L.A. city champion and
national municipal titleholder. He
is supported by Bob dates in the
second singles, squad captain last
year. Stan Barr and Art Flum com
plete tlie quartet.
Hall Busy
Captain Larry Hall will be kept
busy over tli" week-end, playing
the feature singles match against
Mrs. Moody Friday afternoon and
supporting the Card hopes in the
first singles against de Lara Satur
day. Ted Eastbn will undoubtedly
play second singles against the
Southerners. The final lineup will
be announced by Frank Ragan
later today.
The Trojan outcome with Cali
fornia and Stanford teams will
give coaches a good line on the
conference dope sheet, since the
three teams who will see action
Friday and Saturday are tlie class
of the conference.
The Card netmen will open tlieir
conference season against a strong
U.S.C. squad Saturday morning,
March 8, at 11 o'clock on the var
sity courts. The Trojans leave Los
Angeles tffiiight lor Berkeley,
where they will play the first
Pacific Coast Conference match
with California Friday afternoon,
while Helen Wills Moody is work
ing out here.
The Southerners are led by Jack
de Lara, L.A. city champion and
national municipal titleholder. He
is supported by Bob dates in the
second singles, squad captain last
year. Stan Barr and Art Flum com
plete tlie quartet.
Hall Busy
Captain Larry Hall will be kept
busy over tli" week-end, playing
the feature singles match against
Mrs. Moody Friday afternoon and
supporting the Card hopes in the
first singles against de Lara Satur
day. Ted Eastbn will undoubtedly
play second singles against the
Southerners. The final lineup will
be announced by Frank Ragan
later today.
The Trojan outcome with Cali
fornia and Stanford teams will
give coaches a good line on the
conference dope sheet, since the
three teams who will see action
Friday and Saturday are tlie class
of the conference.
The Card netmen will open tlieir
conference season against a strong
U.S.C. squad Saturday morning,
March 8, at 11 o'clock on the var
sity courts. The Trojans leave Los
Angeles tffiiight lor Berkeley,
where they will play the first
Pacific Coast Conference match
with California Friday afternoon,
while Helen Wills Moody is work
ing out here.
The Southerners are led by Jack
de Lara, L.A. city champion and
national municipal titleholder. He
is supported by Bob dates in the
second singles, squad captain last
year. Stan Barr and Art Flum com
plete tlie quartet.
Hall Busy
Captain Larry Hall will be kept
busy over tli" week-end, playing
the feature singles match against
Mrs. Moody Friday afternoon and
supporting the Card hopes in the
first singles against de Lara Satur
day. Ted Eastbn will undoubtedly
play second singles against the
Southerners. The final lineup will
be announced by Frank Ragan
later today.
The Trojan outcome with Cali
fornia and Stanford teams will
give coaches a good line on the
conference dope sheet, since the
three teams who will see action
Friday and Saturday are tlie class
of the conference.
The Card netmen will open tlieir
conference season against a strong
U.S.C. squad Saturday morning,
March 8, at 11 o'clock on the var
sity courts. The Trojans leave Los
Angeles tffiiight lor Berkeley,
where they will play the first
Pacific Coast Conference match
with California Friday afternoon,
while Helen Wills Moody is work
ing out here.
The Southerners are led by Jack
de Lara, L.A. city champion and
national municipal titleholder. He
is supported by Bob dates in the
second singles, squad captain last
year. Stan Barr and Art Flum com
plete tlie quartet.
Hall Busy
Captain Larry Hall will be kept
busy over tli" week-end, playing
the feature singles match against
Mrs. Moody Friday afternoon and
supporting the Card hopes in the
first singles against de Lara Satur
day. Ted Eastbn will undoubtedly
play second singles against the
Southerners. The final lineup will
be announced by Frank Ragan
later today.
The Trojan outcome with Cali
fornia and Stanford teams will
give coaches a good line on the
conference dope sheet, since the
three teams who will see action
Friday and Saturday are tlie class
of the conference.
The Card netmen will open tlieir
conference season against a strong
U.S.C. squad Saturday morning,
March 8, at 11 o'clock on the var
sity courts. The Trojans leave Los
Angeles tffiiight lor Berkeley,
where they will play the first
Pacific Coast Conference match
with California Friday afternoon,
while Helen Wills Moody is work
ing out here.
The Southerners are led by Jack
de Lara, L.A. city champion and
national municipal titleholder. He
is supported by Bob dates in the
second singles, squad captain last
year. Stan Barr and Art Flum com
plete tlie quartet.
Hall Busy
Captain Larry Hall will be kept
busy over tli" week-end, playing
the feature singles match against
Mrs. Moody Friday afternoon and
supporting the Card hopes in the
first singles against de Lara Satur
day. Ted Eastbn will undoubtedly
play second singles against the
Southerners. The final lineup will
be announced by Frank Ragan
later today.
The Trojan outcome with Cali
fornia and Stanford teams will
give coaches a good line on the
conference dope sheet, since the
three teams who will see action
Friday and Saturday are tlie class
of the conference.
The Card netmen will open tlieir
conference season against a strong
U.S.C. squad Saturday morning,
March 8, at 11 o'clock on the var
sity courts. The Trojans leave Los
Angeles tffiiight lor Berkeley,
where they will play the first
Pacific Coast Conference match
with California Friday afternoon,
while Helen Wills Moody is work
ing out here.
The Southerners are led by Jack
de Lara, L.A. city champion and
national municipal titleholder. He
is supported by Bob dates in the
second singles, squad captain last
year. Stan Barr and Art Flum com
plete tlie quartet.
Hall Busy
Captain Larry Hall will be kept
busy over tli" week-end, playing
the feature singles match against
Mrs. Moody Friday afternoon and
supporting the Card hopes in the
first singles against de Lara Satur
day. Ted Eastbn will undoubtedly
play second singles against the
Southerners. The final lineup will
be announced by Frank Ragan
later today.
The Trojan outcome with Cali
fornia and Stanford teams will
give coaches a good line on the
conference dope sheet, since the
three teams who will see action
Friday and Saturday are tlie class
of the conference.
The Card netmen will open tlieir
conference season against a strong
U.S.C. squad Saturday morning,
March 8, at 11 o'clock on the var
sity courts. The Trojans leave Los
Angeles tffiiight lor Berkeley,
where they will play the first
Pacific Coast Conference match
with California Friday afternoon,
while Helen Wills Moody is work
ing out here.
The Southerners are led by Jack
de Lara, L.A. city champion and
national municipal titleholder. He
is supported by Bob dates in the
second singles, squad captain last
year. Stan Barr and Art Flum com
plete tlie quartet.
Hall Busy
Captain Larry Hall will be kept
busy over tli" week-end, playing
the feature singles match against
Mrs. Moody Friday afternoon and
supporting the Card hopes in the
first singles against de Lara Satur
day. Ted Eastbn will undoubtedly
play second singles against the
Southerners. The final lineup will
be announced by Frank Ragan
later today.
The Trojan outcome with Cali
fornia and Stanford teams will
give coaches a good line on the
conference dope sheet, since the
three teams who will see action
Friday and Saturday are tlie class
of the conference.
The Card netmen will open tlieir
conference season against a strong
U.S.C. squad Saturday morning,
March 8, at 11 o'clock on the var
sity courts. The Trojans leave Los
Angeles tffiiight lor Berkeley,
where they will play the first
Pacific Coast Conference match
with California Friday afternoon,
while Helen Wills Moody is work
ing out here.
The Southerners are led by Jack
de Lara, L.A. city champion and
national municipal titleholder. He
is supported by Bob dates in the
second singles, squad captain last
year. Stan Barr and Art Flum com
plete tlie quartet.
Hall Busy
Captain Larry Hall will be kept
busy over tli" week-end, playing
the feature singles match against
Mrs. Moody Friday afternoon and
supporting the Card hopes in the
first singles against de Lara Satur
day. Ted Eastbn will undoubtedly
play second singles against the
Southerners. The final lineup will
be announced by Frank Ragan
later today.
The Trojan outcome with Cali
fornia and Stanford teams will
give coaches a good line on the
conference dope sheet, since the
three teams who will see action
Friday and Saturday are tlie class
of the conference.
The Card netmen will open tlieir
conference season against a strong
U.S.C. squad Saturday morning,
March 8, at 11 o'clock on the var
sity courts. The Trojans leave Los
Angeles tffiiight lor Berkeley,
where they will play the first
Pacific Coast Conference match
with California Friday afternoon,
while Helen Wills Moody is work
ing out here.
The Southerners are led by Jack
de Lara, L.A. city champion and
national municipal titleholder. He
is supported by Bob dates in the
second singles, squad captain last
year. Stan Barr and Art Flum com
plete tlie quartet.
Hall Busy
Captain Larry Hall will be kept
busy over tli" week-end, playing
the feature singles match against
Mrs. Moody Friday afternoon and
supporting the Card hopes in the
first singles against de Lara Satur
day. Ted Eastbn will undoubtedly
play second singles against the
Southerners. The final lineup will
be announced by Frank Ragan
later today.
The Trojan outcome with Cali
fornia and Stanford teams will
give coaches a good line on the
conference dope sheet, since the
three teams who will see action
Friday and Saturday are tlie class
of the conference.
The Card netmen will open tlieir
conference season against a strong
U.S.C. squad Saturday morning,
March 8, at 11 o'clock on the var
sity courts. The Trojans leave Los
Angeles tffiiight lor Berkeley,
where they will play the first
Pacific Coast Conference match
with California Friday afternoon,
while Helen Wills Moody is work
ing out here.
The Southerners are led by Jack
de Lara, L.A. city champion and
national municipal titleholder. He
is supported by Bob dates in the
second singles, squad captain last
year. Stan Barr and Art Flum com
plete tlie quartet.
Hall Busy
Captain Larry Hall will be kept
busy over tli" week-end, playing
the feature singles match against
Mrs. Moody Friday afternoon and
supporting the Card hopes in the
first singles against de Lara Satur
day. Ted Eastbn will undoubtedly
play second singles against the
Southerners. The final lineup will
be announced by Frank Ragan
later today.
The Trojan outcome with Cali
fornia and Stanford teams will
give coaches a good line on the
conference dope sheet, since the
three teams who will see action
Friday and Saturday are tlie class
of the conference.
The Card netmen will open tlieir
conference season against a strong
U.S.C. squad Saturday morning,
March 8, at 11 o'clock on the var
sity courts. The Trojans leave Los
Angeles tffiiight lor Berkeley,
where they will play the first
Pacific Coast Conference match
with California Friday afternoon,
while Helen Wills Moody is work
ing out here.
The Southerners are led by Jack
de Lara, L.A. city champion and
national municipal titleholder. He
is supported by Bob dates in the
second singles, squad captain last
year. Stan Barr and Art Flum com
plete tlie quartet.
Hall Busy
Captain Larry Hall will be kept
busy over tli" week-end, playing
the feature singles match against
Mrs. Moody Friday afternoon and
supporting the Card hopes in the
first singles against de Lara Satur
day. Ted Eastbn will undoubtedly
play second singles against the
Southerners. The final lineup will
be announced by Frank Ragan
later today.
The Trojan outcome with Cali
fornia and Stanford teams will
give coaches a good line on the
conference dope sheet, since the
three teams who will see action
Friday and Saturday are tlie class
of the conference.
The Card netmen will open tlieir
conference season against a strong
U.S.C. squad Saturday morning,
March 8, at 11 o'clock on the var
sity courts. The Trojans leave Los
Angeles tffiiight lor Berkeley,
where they will play the first
Pacific Coast Conference match
with California Friday afternoon,
while Helen Wills Moody is work
ing out here.
The Southerners are led by Jack
de Lara, L.A. city champion and
national municipal titleholder. He
is supported by Bob dates in the
second singles, squad captain last
year. Stan Barr and Art Flum com
plete tlie quartet.
Hall Busy
Captain Larry Hall will be kept
busy over tli" week-end, playing
the feature singles match against
Mrs. Moody Friday afternoon and
supporting the Card hopes in the
first singles against de Lara Satur
day. Ted Eastbn will undoubtedly
play second singles against the
Southerners. The final lineup will
be announced by Frank Ragan
later today.
The Trojan outcome with Cali
fornia and Stanford teams will
give coaches a good line on the
conference dope sheet, since the
three teams who will see action
Friday and Saturday are tlie class
of the conference.
