# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Ten American states have more
telephones than all foreign coun
tries combined.
Ten American states have more
telephones than all foreign coun
tries combined.
Ten American states have more
telephones than all foreign coun
tries combined.
Ten American states have more
telephones than all foreign coun
tries combined.
Ten American states have more
telephones than all foreign coun
tries combined.
Ten American states have more
telephones than all foreign coun
tries combined.
Ten American states have more
telephones than all foreign coun
tries combined.
Ten American states have more
telephones than all foreign coun
tries combined.
Ten American states have more
telephones than all foreign coun
tries combined.
Ten American states have more
telephones than all foreign coun
tries combined.
Ten American states have more
telephones than all foreign coun
tries combined.
Ten American states have more
telephones than all foreign coun
tries combined.
Ten American states have more
telephones than all foreign coun
tries combined.
Ten American states have more
telephones than all foreign coun
tries combined.
Ten American states have more
telephones than all foreign coun
tries combined.
