# Farm Professors To Speak at Fair
## 
### 
Two Stanford professors will take
part in a panel discussion on the
educational values of the motion
picture Saturday afternoon at the
Golden Gate International Exposi
tion.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, and Dr. Mary H. Layman,
clinical professor of pediatrics and
director of child guidance at the
Stanford School of Medicine in San
Francisco, will participate in the
program, to be presented jointly by
the National Motion Picture He
search Council and the education
exhibit department of the Exposi
tion.
A short portion of the feature
length motion picture, "Men in
White," prepared by the Motion
Picture Project of the Progressive
Education Association, will also be
included on the program.
Dr. Philip N. Youtz, director and
consultant for the Pacific area for
the Exposition, will serve as chair
man at an open forum following the
panel discussion, which will be held
in the Keith Theater of the California
Building on Treasure Island at 2
o'clock. Admission is free to the
public.
"A Rendezvous with Destiny" will
be discussed by William L. Crum,
acting professor of business econom
ics, next Tuesday night in Memorial
Hall auditorium in a presentation of
the Tuesday Evening Series, an
nounces the Summer Quarter
office.
Two Stanford professors will take
part in a panel discussion on the
educational values of the motion
picture Saturday afternoon at the
Golden Gate International Exposi
tion.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, and Dr. Mary H. Layman,
clinical professor of pediatrics and
director of child guidance at the
Stanford School of Medicine in San
Francisco, will participate in the
program, to be presented jointly by
the National Motion Picture He
search Council and the education
exhibit department of the Exposi
tion.
A short portion of the feature
length motion picture, "Men in
White," prepared by the Motion
Picture Project of the Progressive
Education Association, will also be
included on the program.
Dr. Philip N. Youtz, director and
consultant for the Pacific area for
the Exposition, will serve as chair
man at an open forum following the
panel discussion, which will be held
in the Keith Theater of the California
Building on Treasure Island at 2
o'clock. Admission is free to the
public.
"A Rendezvous with Destiny" will
be discussed by William L. Crum,
acting professor of business econom
ics, next Tuesday night in Memorial
Hall auditorium in a presentation of
the Tuesday Evening Series, an
nounces the Summer Quarter
office.
Two Stanford professors will take
part in a panel discussion on the
educational values of the motion
picture Saturday afternoon at the
Golden Gate International Exposi
tion.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, and Dr. Mary H. Layman,
clinical professor of pediatrics and
director of child guidance at the
Stanford School of Medicine in San
Francisco, will participate in the
program, to be presented jointly by
the National Motion Picture He
search Council and the education
exhibit department of the Exposi
tion.
A short portion of the feature
length motion picture, "Men in
White," prepared by the Motion
Picture Project of the Progressive
Education Association, will also be
included on the program.
Dr. Philip N. Youtz, director and
consultant for the Pacific area for
the Exposition, will serve as chair
man at an open forum following the
panel discussion, which will be held
in the Keith Theater of the California
Building on Treasure Island at 2
o'clock. Admission is free to the
public.
"A Rendezvous with Destiny" will
be discussed by William L. Crum,
acting professor of business econom
ics, next Tuesday night in Memorial
Hall auditorium in a presentation of
the Tuesday Evening Series, an
nounces the Summer Quarter
office.
Two Stanford professors will take
part in a panel discussion on the
educational values of the motion
picture Saturday afternoon at the
Golden Gate International Exposi
tion.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, and Dr. Mary H. Layman,
clinical professor of pediatrics and
director of child guidance at the
Stanford School of Medicine in San
Francisco, will participate in the
program, to be presented jointly by
the National Motion Picture He
search Council and the education
exhibit department of the Exposi
tion.
A short portion of the feature
length motion picture, "Men in
White," prepared by the Motion
Picture Project of the Progressive
Education Association, will also be
included on the program.
Dr. Philip N. Youtz, director and
consultant for the Pacific area for
the Exposition, will serve as chair
man at an open forum following the
panel discussion, which will be held
in the Keith Theater of the California
Building on Treasure Island at 2
o'clock. Admission is free to the
public.
"A Rendezvous with Destiny" will
be discussed by William L. Crum,
acting professor of business econom
ics, next Tuesday night in Memorial
Hall auditorium in a presentation of
the Tuesday Evening Series, an
nounces the Summer Quarter
office.
Two Stanford professors will take
part in a panel discussion on the
educational values of the motion
picture Saturday afternoon at the
Golden Gate International Exposi
tion.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, and Dr. Mary H. Layman,
clinical professor of pediatrics and
director of child guidance at the
Stanford School of Medicine in San
Francisco, will participate in the
program, to be presented jointly by
the National Motion Picture He
search Council and the education
exhibit department of the Exposi
tion.
A short portion of the feature
length motion picture, "Men in
White," prepared by the Motion
Picture Project of the Progressive
Education Association, will also be
included on the program.
Dr. Philip N. Youtz, director and
consultant for the Pacific area for
the Exposition, will serve as chair
man at an open forum following the
panel discussion, which will be held
in the Keith Theater of the California
Building on Treasure Island at 2
o'clock. Admission is free to the
public.
"A Rendezvous with Destiny" will
be discussed by William L. Crum,
acting professor of business econom
ics, next Tuesday night in Memorial
Hall auditorium in a presentation of
the Tuesday Evening Series, an
nounces the Summer Quarter
office.
Two Stanford professors will take
part in a panel discussion on the
educational values of the motion
picture Saturday afternoon at the
Golden Gate International Exposi
tion.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, and Dr. Mary H. Layman,
clinical professor of pediatrics and
director of child guidance at the
Stanford School of Medicine in San
Francisco, will participate in the
program, to be presented jointly by
the National Motion Picture He
search Council and the education
exhibit department of the Exposi
tion.
A short portion of the feature
length motion picture, "Men in
White," prepared by the Motion
Picture Project of the Progressive
Education Association, will also be
included on the program.
Dr. Philip N. Youtz, director and
consultant for the Pacific area for
the Exposition, will serve as chair
man at an open forum following the
panel discussion, which will be held
in the Keith Theater of the California
Building on Treasure Island at 2
o'clock. Admission is free to the
public.
"A Rendezvous with Destiny" will
be discussed by William L. Crum,
acting professor of business econom
ics, next Tuesday night in Memorial
Hall auditorium in a presentation of
the Tuesday Evening Series, an
nounces the Summer Quarter
office.
Two Stanford professors will take
part in a panel discussion on the
educational values of the motion
picture Saturday afternoon at the
Golden Gate International Exposi
tion.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, and Dr. Mary H. Layman,
clinical professor of pediatrics and
director of child guidance at the
Stanford School of Medicine in San
Francisco, will participate in the
program, to be presented jointly by
the National Motion Picture He
search Council and the education
exhibit department of the Exposi
tion.
A short portion of the feature
length motion picture, "Men in
White," prepared by the Motion
Picture Project of the Progressive
Education Association, will also be
included on the program.
Dr. Philip N. Youtz, director and
consultant for the Pacific area for
the Exposition, will serve as chair
man at an open forum following the
panel discussion, which will be held
in the Keith Theater of the California
Building on Treasure Island at 2
o'clock. Admission is free to the
public.
"A Rendezvous with Destiny" will
be discussed by William L. Crum,
acting professor of business econom
ics, next Tuesday night in Memorial
Hall auditorium in a presentation of
the Tuesday Evening Series, an
nounces the Summer Quarter
office.
Two Stanford professors will take
part in a panel discussion on the
educational values of the motion
picture Saturday afternoon at the
Golden Gate International Exposi
tion.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, and Dr. Mary H. Layman,
clinical professor of pediatrics and
director of child guidance at the
Stanford School of Medicine in San
Francisco, will participate in the
program, to be presented jointly by
the National Motion Picture He
search Council and the education
exhibit department of the Exposi
tion.
A short portion of the feature
length motion picture, "Men in
White," prepared by the Motion
Picture Project of the Progressive
Education Association, will also be
included on the program.
Dr. Philip N. Youtz, director and
consultant for the Pacific area for
the Exposition, will serve as chair
man at an open forum following the
panel discussion, which will be held
in the Keith Theater of the California
Building on Treasure Island at 2
o'clock. Admission is free to the
public.
"A Rendezvous with Destiny" will
be discussed by William L. Crum,
acting professor of business econom
ics, next Tuesday night in Memorial
Hall auditorium in a presentation of
the Tuesday Evening Series, an
nounces the Summer Quarter
office.
Two Stanford professors will take
part in a panel discussion on the
educational values of the motion
picture Saturday afternoon at the
Golden Gate International Exposi
tion.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, and Dr. Mary H. Layman,
clinical professor of pediatrics and
director of child guidance at the
Stanford School of Medicine in San
Francisco, will participate in the
program, to be presented jointly by
the National Motion Picture He
search Council and the education
exhibit department of the Exposi
tion.
A short portion of the feature
length motion picture, "Men in
White," prepared by the Motion
Picture Project of the Progressive
Education Association, will also be
included on the program.
Dr. Philip N. Youtz, director and
consultant for the Pacific area for
the Exposition, will serve as chair
man at an open forum following the
panel discussion, which will be held
in the Keith Theater of the California
Building on Treasure Island at 2
o'clock. Admission is free to the
public.
"A Rendezvous with Destiny" will
be discussed by William L. Crum,
acting professor of business econom
ics, next Tuesday night in Memorial
Hall auditorium in a presentation of
the Tuesday Evening Series, an
nounces the Summer Quarter
office.
Two Stanford professors will take
part in a panel discussion on the
educational values of the motion
picture Saturday afternoon at the
Golden Gate International Exposi
tion.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, and Dr. Mary H. Layman,
clinical professor of pediatrics and
director of child guidance at the
Stanford School of Medicine in San
Francisco, will participate in the
program, to be presented jointly by
the National Motion Picture He
search Council and the education
exhibit department of the Exposi
tion.
A short portion of the feature
length motion picture, "Men in
White," prepared by the Motion
Picture Project of the Progressive
Education Association, will also be
included on the program.
Dr. Philip N. Youtz, director and
consultant for the Pacific area for
the Exposition, will serve as chair
man at an open forum following the
panel discussion, which will be held
in the Keith Theater of the California
Building on Treasure Island at 2
o'clock. Admission is free to the
public.
"A Rendezvous with Destiny" will
be discussed by William L. Crum,
acting professor of business econom
ics, next Tuesday night in Memorial
Hall auditorium in a presentation of
the Tuesday Evening Series, an
nounces the Summer Quarter
office.
Two Stanford professors will take
part in a panel discussion on the
educational values of the motion
picture Saturday afternoon at the
Golden Gate International Exposi
tion.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, and Dr. Mary H. Layman,
clinical professor of pediatrics and
director of child guidance at the
Stanford School of Medicine in San
Francisco, will participate in the
program, to be presented jointly by
the National Motion Picture He
search Council and the education
exhibit department of the Exposi
tion.
A short portion of the feature
length motion picture, "Men in
White," prepared by the Motion
Picture Project of the Progressive
Education Association, will also be
included on the program.
Dr. Philip N. Youtz, director and
consultant for the Pacific area for
the Exposition, will serve as chair
man at an open forum following the
panel discussion, which will be held
in the Keith Theater of the California
Building on Treasure Island at 2
o'clock. Admission is free to the
public.
"A Rendezvous with Destiny" will
be discussed by William L. Crum,
acting professor of business econom
ics, next Tuesday night in Memorial
Hall auditorium in a presentation of
the Tuesday Evening Series, an
nounces the Summer Quarter
office.
Two Stanford professors will take
part in a panel discussion on the
educational values of the motion
picture Saturday afternoon at the
Golden Gate International Exposi
tion.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, and Dr. Mary H. Layman,
clinical professor of pediatrics and
director of child guidance at the
Stanford School of Medicine in San
Francisco, will participate in the
program, to be presented jointly by
the National Motion Picture He
search Council and the education
exhibit department of the Exposi
tion.
A short portion of the feature
length motion picture, "Men in
White," prepared by the Motion
Picture Project of the Progressive
Education Association, will also be
included on the program.
Dr. Philip N. Youtz, director and
consultant for the Pacific area for
the Exposition, will serve as chair
man at an open forum following the
panel discussion, which will be held
in the Keith Theater of the California
Building on Treasure Island at 2
o'clock. Admission is free to the
public.
"A Rendezvous with Destiny" will
be discussed by William L. Crum,
acting professor of business econom
ics, next Tuesday night in Memorial
Hall auditorium in a presentation of
the Tuesday Evening Series, an
nounces the Summer Quarter
office.
Two Stanford professors will take
part in a panel discussion on the
educational values of the motion
picture Saturday afternoon at the
Golden Gate International Exposi
tion.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, and Dr. Mary H. Layman,
clinical professor of pediatrics and
director of child guidance at the
Stanford School of Medicine in San
Francisco, will participate in the
program, to be presented jointly by
the National Motion Picture He
search Council and the education
exhibit department of the Exposi
tion.
A short portion of the feature
length motion picture, "Men in
White," prepared by the Motion
Picture Project of the Progressive
Education Association, will also be
included on the program.
Dr. Philip N. Youtz, director and
consultant for the Pacific area for
the Exposition, will serve as chair
man at an open forum following the
panel discussion, which will be held
in the Keith Theater of the California
Building on Treasure Island at 2
o'clock. Admission is free to the
public.
"A Rendezvous with Destiny" will
be discussed by William L. Crum,
acting professor of business econom
ics, next Tuesday night in Memorial
Hall auditorium in a presentation of
the Tuesday Evening Series, an
nounces the Summer Quarter
office.
Two Stanford professors will take
part in a panel discussion on the
educational values of the motion
picture Saturday afternoon at the
Golden Gate International Exposi
tion.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, and Dr. Mary H. Layman,
clinical professor of pediatrics and
director of child guidance at the
Stanford School of Medicine in San
Francisco, will participate in the
program, to be presented jointly by
the National Motion Picture He
search Council and the education
exhibit department of the Exposi
tion.
A short portion of the feature
length motion picture, "Men in
White," prepared by the Motion
Picture Project of the Progressive
Education Association, will also be
included on the program.
Dr. Philip N. Youtz, director and
consultant for the Pacific area for
the Exposition, will serve as chair
man at an open forum following the
panel discussion, which will be held
in the Keith Theater of the California
Building on Treasure Island at 2
o'clock. Admission is free to the
public.
"A Rendezvous with Destiny" will
be discussed by William L. Crum,
acting professor of business econom
ics, next Tuesday night in Memorial
Hall auditorium in a presentation of
the Tuesday Evening Series, an
nounces the Summer Quarter
office.
Two Stanford professors will take
part in a panel discussion on the
educational values of the motion
picture Saturday afternoon at the
Golden Gate International Exposi
tion.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, and Dr. Mary H. Layman,
clinical professor of pediatrics and
director of child guidance at the
Stanford School of Medicine in San
Francisco, will participate in the
program, to be presented jointly by
the National Motion Picture He
search Council and the education
exhibit department of the Exposi
tion.
A short portion of the feature
length motion picture, "Men in
White," prepared by the Motion
Picture Project of the Progressive
Education Association, will also be
included on the program.
Dr. Philip N. Youtz, director and
consultant for the Pacific area for
the Exposition, will serve as chair
man at an open forum following the
panel discussion, which will be held
in the Keith Theater of the California
Building on Treasure Island at 2
o'clock. Admission is free to the
public.
"A Rendezvous with Destiny" will
be discussed by William L. Crum,
acting professor of business econom
ics, next Tuesday night in Memorial
Hall auditorium in a presentation of
the Tuesday Evening Series, an
nounces the Summer Quarter
office.
Two Stanford professors will take
part in a panel discussion on the
educational values of the motion
picture Saturday afternoon at the
Golden Gate International Exposi
tion.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, and Dr. Mary H. Layman,
clinical professor of pediatrics and
director of child guidance at the
Stanford School of Medicine in San
Francisco, will participate in the
program, to be presented jointly by
the National Motion Picture He
search Council and the education
exhibit department of the Exposi
tion.
A short portion of the feature
length motion picture, "Men in
White," prepared by the Motion
Picture Project of the Progressive
Education Association, will also be
included on the program.
Dr. Philip N. Youtz, director and
consultant for the Pacific area for
the Exposition, will serve as chair
man at an open forum following the
panel discussion, which will be held
in the Keith Theater of the California
Building on Treasure Island at 2
o'clock. Admission is free to the
public.
"A Rendezvous with Destiny" will
be discussed by William L. Crum,
acting professor of business econom
ics, next Tuesday night in Memorial
Hall auditorium in a presentation of
the Tuesday Evening Series, an
nounces the Summer Quarter
office.
