# Biennial Meet Of Educators Convenes Here
## Pi Lambda Theta Delegates Attend Three-day Council 
### 
Lagunita Court opened its doors
yesterday morning to welcome dele
gates from all over the United States
to attend the eleventh biennial
council of Pi Lambda Theta, na
tional education fraternity for wom
en, held this year on the campus.
Among the first arrivals from the
East were Dr. Beulah Clark Van
Wagenen of Hampton Institute, na
tional president of the fraternity,
and Miss Bess Goodykoontz, first
vice-president of Pi Lambda Theta,
of Washington, D.C.
COUNCIL, ASSEMBLY HELD
Following an executive commit
tee meeting of the leaders in the
morning and a luncheon in Union
Dining Room, the first council as
sembly was held in Lagunita dining
hall yesterday afternoon. Miss Anas
tasia Doyle, acting dean of women
this quarter, of the Upsilon chapter,
greeted the delegates.
Acting as hostesses, the Northern
California Alumnae chapter gave a
tea and reception at the home of
Dr. Ellwood P. Cubberley later in
the afternoon. Ending the day's
business a reunion dinner was held
in Union Dining Hall, with Zelma L.
Huxtable of the University of Cali
fornia as toastmistress, and the
Sigma Alpha Theta, and Alpha lota
chapters as hostesses.
MEETINGS PLANNED
Continuing until Saturday, the Pi
Lambda Theta Council has planned
discussion groups, assembly meet
ings, and panels to cover progress
and development of the education
groups.
Among other officials who arrived
on campus yesterday were Mrs.
Kathryn McGuire Williams, execu
tive secretary; Miss Mata V. Bear,
treasurer; and Mrs. Ethel Mabel
Falk, second vice-president.
Lagunita Court opened its doors
yesterday morning to welcome dele
gates from all over the United States
to attend the eleventh biennial
council of Pi Lambda Theta, na
tional education fraternity for wom
en, held this year on the campus.
Among the first arrivals from the
East were Dr. Beulah Clark Van
Wagenen of Hampton Institute, na
tional president of the fraternity,
and Miss Bess Goodykoontz, first
vice-president of Pi Lambda Theta,
of Washington, D.C.
COUNCIL, ASSEMBLY HELD
Following an executive commit
tee meeting of the leaders in the
morning and a luncheon in Union
Dining Room, the first council as
sembly was held in Lagunita dining
hall yesterday afternoon. Miss Anas
tasia Doyle, acting dean of women
this quarter, of the Upsilon chapter,
greeted the delegates.
Acting as hostesses, the Northern
California Alumnae chapter gave a
tea and reception at the home of
Dr. Ellwood P. Cubberley later in
the afternoon. Ending the day's
business a reunion dinner was held
in Union Dining Hall, with Zelma L.
Huxtable of the University of Cali
fornia as toastmistress, and the
Sigma Alpha Theta, and Alpha lota
chapters as hostesses.
MEETINGS PLANNED
Continuing until Saturday, the Pi
Lambda Theta Council has planned
discussion groups, assembly meet
ings, and panels to cover progress
and development of the education
groups.
Among other officials who arrived
on campus yesterday were Mrs.
Kathryn McGuire Williams, execu
tive secretary; Miss Mata V. Bear,
treasurer; and Mrs. Ethel Mabel
Falk, second vice-president.
Lagunita Court opened its doors
yesterday morning to welcome dele
gates from all over the United States
to attend the eleventh biennial
council of Pi Lambda Theta, na
tional education fraternity for wom
en, held this year on the campus.
Among the first arrivals from the
East were Dr. Beulah Clark Van
Wagenen of Hampton Institute, na
tional president of the fraternity,
and Miss Bess Goodykoontz, first
vice-president of Pi Lambda Theta,
of Washington, D.C.
COUNCIL, ASSEMBLY HELD
Following an executive commit
tee meeting of the leaders in the
morning and a luncheon in Union
Dining Room, the first council as
sembly was held in Lagunita dining
hall yesterday afternoon. Miss Anas
tasia Doyle, acting dean of women
this quarter, of the Upsilon chapter,
greeted the delegates.
Acting as hostesses, the Northern
California Alumnae chapter gave a
tea and reception at the home of
Dr. Ellwood P. Cubberley later in
the afternoon. Ending the day's
business a reunion dinner was held
in Union Dining Hall, with Zelma L.
Huxtable of the University of Cali
fornia as toastmistress, and the
Sigma Alpha Theta, and Alpha lota
chapters as hostesses.
MEETINGS PLANNED
Continuing until Saturday, the Pi
Lambda Theta Council has planned
discussion groups, assembly meet
ings, and panels to cover progress
and development of the education
groups.
Among other officials who arrived
on campus yesterday were Mrs.
Kathryn McGuire Williams, execu
tive secretary; Miss Mata V. Bear,
treasurer; and Mrs. Ethel Mabel
Falk, second vice-president.
Lagunita Court opened its doors
yesterday morning to welcome dele
gates from all over the United States
to attend the eleventh biennial
council of Pi Lambda Theta, na
tional education fraternity for wom
en, held this year on the campus.
Among the first arrivals from the
East were Dr. Beulah Clark Van
Wagenen of Hampton Institute, na
tional president of the fraternity,
and Miss Bess Goodykoontz, first
vice-president of Pi Lambda Theta,
of Washington, D.C.
COUNCIL, ASSEMBLY HELD
Following an executive commit
tee meeting of the leaders in the
morning and a luncheon in Union
Dining Room, the first council as
sembly was held in Lagunita dining
hall yesterday afternoon. Miss Anas
tasia Doyle, acting dean of women
this quarter, of the Upsilon chapter,
greeted the delegates.
Acting as hostesses, the Northern
California Alumnae chapter gave a
tea and reception at the home of
Dr. Ellwood P. Cubberley later in
the afternoon. Ending the day's
business a reunion dinner was held
in Union Dining Hall, with Zelma L.
Huxtable of the University of Cali
fornia as toastmistress, and the
Sigma Alpha Theta, and Alpha lota
chapters as hostesses.
MEETINGS PLANNED
Continuing until Saturday, the Pi
Lambda Theta Council has planned
discussion groups, assembly meet
ings, and panels to cover progress
and development of the education
groups.
Among other officials who arrived
on campus yesterday were Mrs.
Kathryn McGuire Williams, execu
tive secretary; Miss Mata V. Bear,
treasurer; and Mrs. Ethel Mabel
Falk, second vice-president.
Lagunita Court opened its doors
yesterday morning to welcome dele
gates from all over the United States
to attend the eleventh biennial
council of Pi Lambda Theta, na
tional education fraternity for wom
en, held this year on the campus.
Among the first arrivals from the
East were Dr. Beulah Clark Van
Wagenen of Hampton Institute, na
tional president of the fraternity,
and Miss Bess Goodykoontz, first
vice-president of Pi Lambda Theta,
of Washington, D.C.
COUNCIL, ASSEMBLY HELD
Following an executive commit
tee meeting of the leaders in the
morning and a luncheon in Union
Dining Room, the first council as
sembly was held in Lagunita dining
hall yesterday afternoon. Miss Anas
tasia Doyle, acting dean of women
this quarter, of the Upsilon chapter,
greeted the delegates.
Acting as hostesses, the Northern
California Alumnae chapter gave a
tea and reception at the home of
Dr. Ellwood P. Cubberley later in
the afternoon. Ending the day's
business a reunion dinner was held
in Union Dining Hall, with Zelma L.
Huxtable of the University of Cali
fornia as toastmistress, and the
Sigma Alpha Theta, and Alpha lota
chapters as hostesses.
MEETINGS PLANNED
Continuing until Saturday, the Pi
Lambda Theta Council has planned
discussion groups, assembly meet
ings, and panels to cover progress
and development of the education
groups.
Among other officials who arrived
on campus yesterday were Mrs.
Kathryn McGuire Williams, execu
tive secretary; Miss Mata V. Bear,
treasurer; and Mrs. Ethel Mabel
Falk, second vice-president.
Lagunita Court opened its doors
yesterday morning to welcome dele
gates from all over the United States
to attend the eleventh biennial
council of Pi Lambda Theta, na
tional education fraternity for wom
en, held this year on the campus.
Among the first arrivals from the
East were Dr. Beulah Clark Van
Wagenen of Hampton Institute, na
tional president of the fraternity,
and Miss Bess Goodykoontz, first
vice-president of Pi Lambda Theta,
of Washington, D.C.
COUNCIL, ASSEMBLY HELD
Following an executive commit
tee meeting of the leaders in the
morning and a luncheon in Union
Dining Room, the first council as
sembly was held in Lagunita dining
hall yesterday afternoon. Miss Anas
tasia Doyle, acting dean of women
this quarter, of the Upsilon chapter,
greeted the delegates.
Acting as hostesses, the Northern
California Alumnae chapter gave a
tea and reception at the home of
Dr. Ellwood P. Cubberley later in
the afternoon. Ending the day's
business a reunion dinner was held
in Union Dining Hall, with Zelma L.
Huxtable of the University of Cali
fornia as toastmistress, and the
Sigma Alpha Theta, and Alpha lota
chapters as hostesses.
MEETINGS PLANNED
Continuing until Saturday, the Pi
Lambda Theta Council has planned
discussion groups, assembly meet
ings, and panels to cover progress
and development of the education
groups.
Among other officials who arrived
on campus yesterday were Mrs.
Kathryn McGuire Williams, execu
tive secretary; Miss Mata V. Bear,
treasurer; and Mrs. Ethel Mabel
Falk, second vice-president.
Lagunita Court opened its doors
yesterday morning to welcome dele
gates from all over the United States
to attend the eleventh biennial
council of Pi Lambda Theta, na
tional education fraternity for wom
en, held this year on the campus.
Among the first arrivals from the
East were Dr. Beulah Clark Van
Wagenen of Hampton Institute, na
tional president of the fraternity,
and Miss Bess Goodykoontz, first
vice-president of Pi Lambda Theta,
of Washington, D.C.
COUNCIL, ASSEMBLY HELD
Following an executive commit
tee meeting of the leaders in the
morning and a luncheon in Union
Dining Room, the first council as
sembly was held in Lagunita dining
hall yesterday afternoon. Miss Anas
tasia Doyle, acting dean of women
this quarter, of the Upsilon chapter,
greeted the delegates.
Acting as hostesses, the Northern
California Alumnae chapter gave a
tea and reception at the home of
Dr. Ellwood P. Cubberley later in
the afternoon. Ending the day's
business a reunion dinner was held
in Union Dining Hall, with Zelma L.
Huxtable of the University of Cali
fornia as toastmistress, and the
Sigma Alpha Theta, and Alpha lota
chapters as hostesses.
MEETINGS PLANNED
Continuing until Saturday, the Pi
Lambda Theta Council has planned
discussion groups, assembly meet
ings, and panels to cover progress
and development of the education
groups.
Among other officials who arrived
on campus yesterday were Mrs.
Kathryn McGuire Williams, execu
tive secretary; Miss Mata V. Bear,
treasurer; and Mrs. Ethel Mabel
Falk, second vice-president.
Lagunita Court opened its doors
yesterday morning to welcome dele
gates from all over the United States
to attend the eleventh biennial
council of Pi Lambda Theta, na
tional education fraternity for wom
en, held this year on the campus.
Among the first arrivals from the
East were Dr. Beulah Clark Van
Wagenen of Hampton Institute, na
tional president of the fraternity,
and Miss Bess Goodykoontz, first
vice-president of Pi Lambda Theta,
of Washington, D.C.
COUNCIL, ASSEMBLY HELD
Following an executive commit
tee meeting of the leaders in the
morning and a luncheon in Union
Dining Room, the first council as
sembly was held in Lagunita dining
hall yesterday afternoon. Miss Anas
tasia Doyle, acting dean of women
this quarter, of the Upsilon chapter,
greeted the delegates.
Acting as hostesses, the Northern
California Alumnae chapter gave a
tea and reception at the home of
Dr. Ellwood P. Cubberley later in
the afternoon. Ending the day's
business a reunion dinner was held
in Union Dining Hall, with Zelma L.
Huxtable of the University of Cali
fornia as toastmistress, and the
Sigma Alpha Theta, and Alpha lota
chapters as hostesses.
MEETINGS PLANNED
Continuing until Saturday, the Pi
Lambda Theta Council has planned
discussion groups, assembly meet
ings, and panels to cover progress
and development of the education
groups.
Among other officials who arrived
on campus yesterday were Mrs.
Kathryn McGuire Williams, execu
tive secretary; Miss Mata V. Bear,
treasurer; and Mrs. Ethel Mabel
Falk, second vice-president.
Lagunita Court opened its doors
yesterday morning to welcome dele
gates from all over the United States
to attend the eleventh biennial
council of Pi Lambda Theta, na
tional education fraternity for wom
en, held this year on the campus.
Among the first arrivals from the
East were Dr. Beulah Clark Van
Wagenen of Hampton Institute, na
tional president of the fraternity,
and Miss Bess Goodykoontz, first
vice-president of Pi Lambda Theta,
of Washington, D.C.
COUNCIL, ASSEMBLY HELD
Following an executive commit
tee meeting of the leaders in the
morning and a luncheon in Union
Dining Room, the first council as
sembly was held in Lagunita dining
hall yesterday afternoon. Miss Anas
tasia Doyle, acting dean of women
this quarter, of the Upsilon chapter,
greeted the delegates.
Acting as hostesses, the Northern
California Alumnae chapter gave a
tea and reception at the home of
Dr. Ellwood P. Cubberley later in
the afternoon. Ending the day's
business a reunion dinner was held
in Union Dining Hall, with Zelma L.
Huxtable of the University of Cali
fornia as toastmistress, and the
Sigma Alpha Theta, and Alpha lota
chapters as hostesses.
MEETINGS PLANNED
Continuing until Saturday, the Pi
Lambda Theta Council has planned
discussion groups, assembly meet
ings, and panels to cover progress
and development of the education
groups.
Among other officials who arrived
on campus yesterday were Mrs.
Kathryn McGuire Williams, execu
tive secretary; Miss Mata V. Bear,
treasurer; and Mrs. Ethel Mabel
Falk, second vice-president.
Lagunita Court opened its doors
yesterday morning to welcome dele
gates from all over the United States
to attend the eleventh biennial
council of Pi Lambda Theta, na
tional education fraternity for wom
en, held this year on the campus.
Among the first arrivals from the
East were Dr. Beulah Clark Van
Wagenen of Hampton Institute, na
tional president of the fraternity,
and Miss Bess Goodykoontz, first
vice-president of Pi Lambda Theta,
of Washington, D.C.
COUNCIL, ASSEMBLY HELD
Following an executive commit
tee meeting of the leaders in the
morning and a luncheon in Union
Dining Room, the first council as
sembly was held in Lagunita dining
hall yesterday afternoon. Miss Anas
tasia Doyle, acting dean of women
this quarter, of the Upsilon chapter,
greeted the delegates.
Acting as hostesses, the Northern
California Alumnae chapter gave a
tea and reception at the home of
Dr. Ellwood P. Cubberley later in
the afternoon. Ending the day's
business a reunion dinner was held
in Union Dining Hall, with Zelma L.
Huxtable of the University of Cali
fornia as toastmistress, and the
Sigma Alpha Theta, and Alpha lota
chapters as hostesses.
MEETINGS PLANNED
Continuing until Saturday, the Pi
Lambda Theta Council has planned
discussion groups, assembly meet
ings, and panels to cover progress
and development of the education
groups.
Among other officials who arrived
on campus yesterday were Mrs.
Kathryn McGuire Williams, execu
tive secretary; Miss Mata V. Bear,
treasurer; and Mrs. Ethel Mabel
Falk, second vice-president.
Lagunita Court opened its doors
yesterday morning to welcome dele
gates from all over the United States
to attend the eleventh biennial
council of Pi Lambda Theta, na
tional education fraternity for wom
en, held this year on the campus.
Among the first arrivals from the
East were Dr. Beulah Clark Van
Wagenen of Hampton Institute, na
tional president of the fraternity,
and Miss Bess Goodykoontz, first
vice-president of Pi Lambda Theta,
of Washington, D.C.
COUNCIL, ASSEMBLY HELD
Following an executive commit
tee meeting of the leaders in the
morning and a luncheon in Union
Dining Room, the first council as
sembly was held in Lagunita dining
hall yesterday afternoon. Miss Anas
tasia Doyle, acting dean of women
this quarter, of the Upsilon chapter,
greeted the delegates.
Acting as hostesses, the Northern
California Alumnae chapter gave a
tea and reception at the home of
Dr. Ellwood P. Cubberley later in
the afternoon. Ending the day's
business a reunion dinner was held
in Union Dining Hall, with Zelma L.
Huxtable of the University of Cali
fornia as toastmistress, and the
Sigma Alpha Theta, and Alpha lota
chapters as hostesses.
MEETINGS PLANNED
Continuing until Saturday, the Pi
Lambda Theta Council has planned
discussion groups, assembly meet
ings, and panels to cover progress
and development of the education
groups.
Among other officials who arrived
on campus yesterday were Mrs.
Kathryn McGuire Williams, execu
tive secretary; Miss Mata V. Bear,
treasurer; and Mrs. Ethel Mabel
Falk, second vice-president.
Lagunita Court opened its doors
yesterday morning to welcome dele
gates from all over the United States
to attend the eleventh biennial
council of Pi Lambda Theta, na
tional education fraternity for wom
en, held this year on the campus.
Among the first arrivals from the
East were Dr. Beulah Clark Van
Wagenen of Hampton Institute, na
tional president of the fraternity,
and Miss Bess Goodykoontz, first
vice-president of Pi Lambda Theta,
of Washington, D.C.
COUNCIL, ASSEMBLY HELD
Following an executive commit
tee meeting of the leaders in the
morning and a luncheon in Union
Dining Room, the first council as
sembly was held in Lagunita dining
hall yesterday afternoon. Miss Anas
tasia Doyle, acting dean of women
this quarter, of the Upsilon chapter,
greeted the delegates.
Acting as hostesses, the Northern
California Alumnae chapter gave a
tea and reception at the home of
Dr. Ellwood P. Cubberley later in
the afternoon. Ending the day's
business a reunion dinner was held
in Union Dining Hall, with Zelma L.
Huxtable of the University of Cali
fornia as toastmistress, and the
Sigma Alpha Theta, and Alpha lota
chapters as hostesses.
MEETINGS PLANNED
Continuing until Saturday, the Pi
Lambda Theta Council has planned
discussion groups, assembly meet
ings, and panels to cover progress
and development of the education
groups.
Among other officials who arrived
on campus yesterday were Mrs.
Kathryn McGuire Williams, execu
tive secretary; Miss Mata V. Bear,
treasurer; and Mrs. Ethel Mabel
Falk, second vice-president.
Lagunita Court opened its doors
yesterday morning to welcome dele
gates from all over the United States
to attend the eleventh biennial
council of Pi Lambda Theta, na
tional education fraternity for wom
en, held this year on the campus.
Among the first arrivals from the
East were Dr. Beulah Clark Van
Wagenen of Hampton Institute, na
tional president of the fraternity,
and Miss Bess Goodykoontz, first
vice-president of Pi Lambda Theta,
of Washington, D.C.
COUNCIL, ASSEMBLY HELD
Following an executive commit
tee meeting of the leaders in the
morning and a luncheon in Union
Dining Room, the first council as
sembly was held in Lagunita dining
hall yesterday afternoon. Miss Anas
tasia Doyle, acting dean of women
this quarter, of the Upsilon chapter,
greeted the delegates.
Acting as hostesses, the Northern
California Alumnae chapter gave a
tea and reception at the home of
Dr. Ellwood P. Cubberley later in
the afternoon. Ending the day's
business a reunion dinner was held
in Union Dining Hall, with Zelma L.
Huxtable of the University of Cali
fornia as toastmistress, and the
Sigma Alpha Theta, and Alpha lota
chapters as hostesses.
MEETINGS PLANNED
Continuing until Saturday, the Pi
Lambda Theta Council has planned
discussion groups, assembly meet
ings, and panels to cover progress
and development of the education
groups.
Among other officials who arrived
on campus yesterday were Mrs.
Kathryn McGuire Williams, execu
tive secretary; Miss Mata V. Bear,
treasurer; and Mrs. Ethel Mabel
Falk, second vice-president.
Lagunita Court opened its doors
yesterday morning to welcome dele
gates from all over the United States
to attend the eleventh biennial
council of Pi Lambda Theta, na
tional education fraternity for wom
en, held this year on the campus.
Among the first arrivals from the
East were Dr. Beulah Clark Van
Wagenen of Hampton Institute, na
tional president of the fraternity,
and Miss Bess Goodykoontz, first
vice-president of Pi Lambda Theta,
of Washington, D.C.
COUNCIL, ASSEMBLY HELD
Following an executive commit
tee meeting of the leaders in the
morning and a luncheon in Union
Dining Room, the first council as
sembly was held in Lagunita dining
hall yesterday afternoon. Miss Anas
tasia Doyle, acting dean of women
this quarter, of the Upsilon chapter,
greeted the delegates.
Acting as hostesses, the Northern
California Alumnae chapter gave a
tea and reception at the home of
Dr. Ellwood P. Cubberley later in
the afternoon. Ending the day's
business a reunion dinner was held
in Union Dining Hall, with Zelma L.
Huxtable of the University of Cali
fornia as toastmistress, and the
Sigma Alpha Theta, and Alpha lota
chapters as hostesses.
MEETINGS PLANNED
Continuing until Saturday, the Pi
Lambda Theta Council has planned
discussion groups, assembly meet
ings, and panels to cover progress
and development of the education
groups.
Among other officials who arrived
on campus yesterday were Mrs.
Kathryn McGuire Williams, execu
tive secretary; Miss Mata V. Bear,
treasurer; and Mrs. Ethel Mabel
Falk, second vice-president.
Lagunita Court opened its doors
yesterday morning to welcome dele
gates from all over the United States
to attend the eleventh biennial
council of Pi Lambda Theta, na
tional education fraternity for wom
en, held this year on the campus.
Among the first arrivals from the
East were Dr. Beulah Clark Van
Wagenen of Hampton Institute, na
tional president of the fraternity,
and Miss Bess Goodykoontz, first
vice-president of Pi Lambda Theta,
of Washington, D.C.
COUNCIL, ASSEMBLY HELD
Following an executive commit
tee meeting of the leaders in the
morning and a luncheon in Union
Dining Room, the first council as
sembly was held in Lagunita dining
hall yesterday afternoon. Miss Anas
tasia Doyle, acting dean of women
this quarter, of the Upsilon chapter,
greeted the delegates.
Acting as hostesses, the Northern
California Alumnae chapter gave a
tea and reception at the home of
Dr. Ellwood P. Cubberley later in
the afternoon. Ending the day's
business a reunion dinner was held
in Union Dining Hall, with Zelma L.
Huxtable of the University of Cali
fornia as toastmistress, and the
Sigma Alpha Theta, and Alpha lota
chapters as hostesses.
MEETINGS PLANNED
Continuing until Saturday, the Pi
Lambda Theta Council has planned
discussion groups, assembly meet
ings, and panels to cover progress
and development of the education
groups.
Among other officials who arrived
on campus yesterday were Mrs.
Kathryn McGuire Williams, execu
tive secretary; Miss Mata V. Bear,
treasurer; and Mrs. Ethel Mabel
Falk, second vice-president.
Lagunita Court opened its doors
yesterday morning to welcome dele
gates from all over the United States
to attend the eleventh biennial
council of Pi Lambda Theta, na
tional education fraternity for wom
en, held this year on the campus.
Among the first arrivals from the
East were Dr. Beulah Clark Van
Wagenen of Hampton Institute, na
tional president of the fraternity,
and Miss Bess Goodykoontz, first
vice-president of Pi Lambda Theta,
of Washington, D.C.
COUNCIL, ASSEMBLY HELD
Following an executive commit
tee meeting of the leaders in the
morning and a luncheon in Union
Dining Room, the first council as
sembly was held in Lagunita dining
hall yesterday afternoon. Miss Anas
tasia Doyle, acting dean of women
this quarter, of the Upsilon chapter,
greeted the delegates.
Acting as hostesses, the Northern
California Alumnae chapter gave a
tea and reception at the home of
Dr. Ellwood P. Cubberley later in
the afternoon. Ending the day's
business a reunion dinner was held
in Union Dining Hall, with Zelma L.
Huxtable of the University of Cali
fornia as toastmistress, and the
Sigma Alpha Theta, and Alpha lota
chapters as hostesses.
MEETINGS PLANNED
Continuing until Saturday, the Pi
Lambda Theta Council has planned
discussion groups, assembly meet
ings, and panels to cover progress
and development of the education
groups.
Among other officials who arrived
on campus yesterday were Mrs.
Kathryn McGuire Williams, execu
tive secretary; Miss Mata V. Bear,
treasurer; and Mrs. Ethel Mabel
Falk, second vice-president.
