# Adv. 37 Page 11
## 
### 
Prevent injury • make sure to
position your bed or desk chair
away from objects that could
fall on you - and away from
windows that could shatter.
Prevent injury • make sure to
position your bed or desk chair
away from objects that could
fall on you - and away from
windows that could shatter.
Prevent injury • make sure to
position your bed or desk chair
away from objects that could
fall on you - and away from
windows that could shatter.
Prevent injury • make sure to
position your bed or desk chair
away from objects that could
fall on you - and away from
windows that could shatter.
Prevent injury • make sure to
position your bed or desk chair
away from objects that could
fall on you - and away from
windows that could shatter.
Prevent injury • make sure to
position your bed or desk chair
away from objects that could
fall on you - and away from
windows that could shatter.
Prevent injury • make sure to
position your bed or desk chair
away from objects that could
fall on you - and away from
windows that could shatter.
Prevent injury • make sure to
position your bed or desk chair
away from objects that could
fall on you - and away from
windows that could shatter.
