# CALIFORNIA vs. INDIANS.
## Will Play To-morrow Afternoon in Los Angeles.â€”Exciting Contest Expected. 
### 
The California varsity football
squad left last night for Los Ange
les, where they will play the Sher
man Indians to-morrow afternoon.
Last year the game between these
two teams resulted in a victory for
California by the score of 6 to 0. .
This year the Indians have been
coached by Walter Hem pel and he
has succeeded in building up a fast
team. Last year Hempel coached
Pomona and his team played Cali
fornia a close game, closing by the
score of 5 to 0.
The California squad consists of
twenty-five players, Coaches Knibbs
and Griffin, Trainer Christie and
K. C. Hamilton, who will act as one
of the officials. The players are:
Haffey and Taylor, centers; Gray,
Foster and Stern, guards; Stow,
Bush, Richardson and Captain
Force, tackles; Elliott, Kittrelle,
Jordan and Coogan, ends; Schaeffer
and Whitman, quarters; Snedigar,
Mead, Luce, Golcher, Oerf, Stanton
and Dyer, half-backs; Sperry,
Wharton and Helmke, full-backs.
Of the above Schaeffer, Cerf and
Stanton are freshmen and repre
sented California in the freshman
game last Saturday.
The Stanford Varsity will play
the Indians in Los Angeles a week
from to-morrow.
The California varsity football
squad left last night for Los Ange
les, where they will play the Sher
man Indians to-morrow afternoon.
Last year the game between these
two teams resulted in a victory for
California by the score of 6 to 0. .
This year the Indians have been
coached by Walter Hem pel and he
has succeeded in building up a fast
team. Last year Hempel coached
Pomona and his team played Cali
fornia a close game, closing by the
score of 5 to 0.
The California squad consists of
twenty-five players, Coaches Knibbs
and Griffin, Trainer Christie and
K. C. Hamilton, who will act as one
of the officials. The players are:
Haffey and Taylor, centers; Gray,
Foster and Stern, guards; Stow,
Bush, Richardson and Captain
Force, tackles; Elliott, Kittrelle,
Jordan and Coogan, ends; Schaeffer
and Whitman, quarters; Snedigar,
Mead, Luce, Golcher, Oerf, Stanton
and Dyer, half-backs; Sperry,
Wharton and Helmke, full-backs.
Of the above Schaeffer, Cerf and
Stanton are freshmen and repre
sented California in the freshman
game last Saturday.
The Stanford Varsity will play
the Indians in Los Angeles a week
from to-morrow.
The California varsity football
squad left last night for Los Ange
les, where they will play the Sher
man Indians to-morrow afternoon.
Last year the game between these
two teams resulted in a victory for
California by the score of 6 to 0. .
This year the Indians have been
coached by Walter Hem pel and he
has succeeded in building up a fast
team. Last year Hempel coached
Pomona and his team played Cali
fornia a close game, closing by the
score of 5 to 0.
The California squad consists of
twenty-five players, Coaches Knibbs
and Griffin, Trainer Christie and
K. C. Hamilton, who will act as one
of the officials. The players are:
Haffey and Taylor, centers; Gray,
Foster and Stern, guards; Stow,
Bush, Richardson and Captain
Force, tackles; Elliott, Kittrelle,
Jordan and Coogan, ends; Schaeffer
and Whitman, quarters; Snedigar,
Mead, Luce, Golcher, Oerf, Stanton
and Dyer, half-backs; Sperry,
Wharton and Helmke, full-backs.
Of the above Schaeffer, Cerf and
Stanton are freshmen and repre
sented California in the freshman
game last Saturday.
The Stanford Varsity will play
the Indians in Los Angeles a week
from to-morrow.
The California varsity football
squad left last night for Los Ange
les, where they will play the Sher
man Indians to-morrow afternoon.
Last year the game between these
two teams resulted in a victory for
California by the score of 6 to 0. .
This year the Indians have been
coached by Walter Hem pel and he
has succeeded in building up a fast
team. Last year Hempel coached
Pomona and his team played Cali
fornia a close game, closing by the
score of 5 to 0.
The California squad consists of
twenty-five players, Coaches Knibbs
and Griffin, Trainer Christie and
K. C. Hamilton, who will act as one
of the officials. The players are:
Haffey and Taylor, centers; Gray,
Foster and Stern, guards; Stow,
Bush, Richardson and Captain
Force, tackles; Elliott, Kittrelle,
Jordan and Coogan, ends; Schaeffer
and Whitman, quarters; Snedigar,
Mead, Luce, Golcher, Oerf, Stanton
and Dyer, half-backs; Sperry,
Wharton and Helmke, full-backs.
Of the above Schaeffer, Cerf and
Stanton are freshmen and repre
sented California in the freshman
game last Saturday.
The Stanford Varsity will play
the Indians in Los Angeles a week
from to-morrow.
The California varsity football
squad left last night for Los Ange
les, where they will play the Sher
man Indians to-morrow afternoon.
Last year the game between these
two teams resulted in a victory for
California by the score of 6 to 0. .
This year the Indians have been
coached by Walter Hem pel and he
has succeeded in building up a fast
team. Last year Hempel coached
Pomona and his team played Cali
fornia a close game, closing by the
score of 5 to 0.
The California squad consists of
twenty-five players, Coaches Knibbs
and Griffin, Trainer Christie and
K. C. Hamilton, who will act as one
of the officials. The players are:
Haffey and Taylor, centers; Gray,
Foster and Stern, guards; Stow,
Bush, Richardson and Captain
Force, tackles; Elliott, Kittrelle,
Jordan and Coogan, ends; Schaeffer
and Whitman, quarters; Snedigar,
Mead, Luce, Golcher, Oerf, Stanton
and Dyer, half-backs; Sperry,
Wharton and Helmke, full-backs.
Of the above Schaeffer, Cerf and
Stanton are freshmen and repre
sented California in the freshman
game last Saturday.
The Stanford Varsity will play
the Indians in Los Angeles a week
from to-morrow.
The California varsity football
squad left last night for Los Ange
les, where they will play the Sher
man Indians to-morrow afternoon.
Last year the game between these
two teams resulted in a victory for
California by the score of 6 to 0. .
This year the Indians have been
coached by Walter Hem pel and he
has succeeded in building up a fast
team. Last year Hempel coached
Pomona and his team played Cali
fornia a close game, closing by the
score of 5 to 0.
The California squad consists of
twenty-five players, Coaches Knibbs
and Griffin, Trainer Christie and
K. C. Hamilton, who will act as one
of the officials. The players are:
Haffey and Taylor, centers; Gray,
Foster and Stern, guards; Stow,
Bush, Richardson and Captain
Force, tackles; Elliott, Kittrelle,
Jordan and Coogan, ends; Schaeffer
and Whitman, quarters; Snedigar,
Mead, Luce, Golcher, Oerf, Stanton
and Dyer, half-backs; Sperry,
Wharton and Helmke, full-backs.
Of the above Schaeffer, Cerf and
Stanton are freshmen and repre
sented California in the freshman
game last Saturday.
The Stanford Varsity will play
the Indians in Los Angeles a week
from to-morrow.
The California varsity football
squad left last night for Los Ange
les, where they will play the Sher
man Indians to-morrow afternoon.
Last year the game between these
two teams resulted in a victory for
California by the score of 6 to 0. .
This year the Indians have been
coached by Walter Hem pel and he
has succeeded in building up a fast
team. Last year Hempel coached
Pomona and his team played Cali
fornia a close game, closing by the
score of 5 to 0.
The California squad consists of
twenty-five players, Coaches Knibbs
and Griffin, Trainer Christie and
K. C. Hamilton, who will act as one
of the officials. The players are:
Haffey and Taylor, centers; Gray,
Foster and Stern, guards; Stow,
Bush, Richardson and Captain
Force, tackles; Elliott, Kittrelle,
Jordan and Coogan, ends; Schaeffer
and Whitman, quarters; Snedigar,
Mead, Luce, Golcher, Oerf, Stanton
and Dyer, half-backs; Sperry,
Wharton and Helmke, full-backs.
Of the above Schaeffer, Cerf and
Stanton are freshmen and repre
sented California in the freshman
game last Saturday.
The Stanford Varsity will play
the Indians in Los Angeles a week
from to-morrow.
The California varsity football
squad left last night for Los Ange
les, where they will play the Sher
man Indians to-morrow afternoon.
Last year the game between these
two teams resulted in a victory for
California by the score of 6 to 0. .
This year the Indians have been
coached by Walter Hem pel and he
has succeeded in building up a fast
team. Last year Hempel coached
Pomona and his team played Cali
fornia a close game, closing by the
score of 5 to 0.
The California squad consists of
twenty-five players, Coaches Knibbs
and Griffin, Trainer Christie and
K. C. Hamilton, who will act as one
of the officials. The players are:
Haffey and Taylor, centers; Gray,
Foster and Stern, guards; Stow,
Bush, Richardson and Captain
Force, tackles; Elliott, Kittrelle,
Jordan and Coogan, ends; Schaeffer
and Whitman, quarters; Snedigar,
Mead, Luce, Golcher, Oerf, Stanton
and Dyer, half-backs; Sperry,
Wharton and Helmke, full-backs.
Of the above Schaeffer, Cerf and
Stanton are freshmen and repre
sented California in the freshman
game last Saturday.
The Stanford Varsity will play
the Indians in Los Angeles a week
from to-morrow.
The California varsity football
squad left last night for Los Ange
les, where they will play the Sher
man Indians to-morrow afternoon.
Last year the game between these
two teams resulted in a victory for
California by the score of 6 to 0. .
This year the Indians have been
coached by Walter Hem pel and he
has succeeded in building up a fast
team. Last year Hempel coached
Pomona and his team played Cali
fornia a close game, closing by the
score of 5 to 0.
The California squad consists of
twenty-five players, Coaches Knibbs
and Griffin, Trainer Christie and
K. C. Hamilton, who will act as one
of the officials. The players are:
Haffey and Taylor, centers; Gray,
Foster and Stern, guards; Stow,
Bush, Richardson and Captain
Force, tackles; Elliott, Kittrelle,
Jordan and Coogan, ends; Schaeffer
and Whitman, quarters; Snedigar,
Mead, Luce, Golcher, Oerf, Stanton
and Dyer, half-backs; Sperry,
Wharton and Helmke, full-backs.
Of the above Schaeffer, Cerf and
Stanton are freshmen and repre
sented California in the freshman
game last Saturday.
The Stanford Varsity will play
the Indians in Los Angeles a week
from to-morrow.
