# NEEDS HELP
## 
### 
All students who are interested in
helping the YWCA with its "Gypsy
Night" are invited to call Barbara
Seaver at 22151. Help is needed in
entertainment, publicity, decorations
' and clean-up.
All students who are interested in
helping the YWCA with its "Gypsy
Night" are invited to call Barbara
Seaver at 22151. Help is needed in
entertainment, publicity, decorations
' and clean-up.
All students who are interested in
helping the YWCA with its "Gypsy
Night" are invited to call Barbara
Seaver at 22151. Help is needed in
entertainment, publicity, decorations
' and clean-up.
All students who are interested in
helping the YWCA with its "Gypsy
Night" are invited to call Barbara
Seaver at 22151. Help is needed in
entertainment, publicity, decorations
' and clean-up.
All students who are interested in
helping the YWCA with its "Gypsy
Night" are invited to call Barbara
Seaver at 22151. Help is needed in
entertainment, publicity, decorations
' and clean-up.
All students who are interested in
helping the YWCA with its "Gypsy
Night" are invited to call Barbara
Seaver at 22151. Help is needed in
entertainment, publicity, decorations
' and clean-up.
All students who are interested in
helping the YWCA with its "Gypsy
Night" are invited to call Barbara
Seaver at 22151. Help is needed in
entertainment, publicity, decorations
' and clean-up.
All students who are interested in
helping the YWCA with its "Gypsy
Night" are invited to call Barbara
Seaver at 22151. Help is needed in
entertainment, publicity, decorations
' and clean-up.
All students who are interested in
helping the YWCA with its "Gypsy
Night" are invited to call Barbara
Seaver at 22151. Help is needed in
entertainment, publicity, decorations
' and clean-up.
All students who are interested in
helping the YWCA with its "Gypsy
Night" are invited to call Barbara
Seaver at 22151. Help is needed in
entertainment, publicity, decorations
' and clean-up.
All students who are interested in
helping the YWCA with its "Gypsy
Night" are invited to call Barbara
Seaver at 22151. Help is needed in
entertainment, publicity, decorations
' and clean-up.
All students who are interested in
helping the YWCA with its "Gypsy
Night" are invited to call Barbara
Seaver at 22151. Help is needed in
entertainment, publicity, decorations
' and clean-up.
All students who are interested in
helping the YWCA with its "Gypsy
Night" are invited to call Barbara
Seaver at 22151. Help is needed in
entertainment, publicity, decorations
' and clean-up.
All students who are interested in
helping the YWCA with its "Gypsy
Night" are invited to call Barbara
Seaver at 22151. Help is needed in
entertainment, publicity, decorations
' and clean-up.
All students who are interested in
helping the YWCA with its "Gypsy
Night" are invited to call Barbara
Seaver at 22151. Help is needed in
entertainment, publicity, decorations
' and clean-up.
