# QUAD MEETING
## 
### 
All staff members of the Quad will
meet at 7:30 p.m. today in the Quad
office, according to Editor Hayes
Hunter.
All staff members of the Quad will
meet at 7:30 p.m. today in the Quad
office, according to Editor Hayes
Hunter.
All staff members of the Quad will
meet at 7:30 p.m. today in the Quad
office, according to Editor Hayes
Hunter.
All staff members of the Quad will
meet at 7:30 p.m. today in the Quad
office, according to Editor Hayes
Hunter.
All staff members of the Quad will
meet at 7:30 p.m. today in the Quad
office, according to Editor Hayes
Hunter.
All staff members of the Quad will
meet at 7:30 p.m. today in the Quad
office, according to Editor Hayes
Hunter.
All staff members of the Quad will
meet at 7:30 p.m. today in the Quad
office, according to Editor Hayes
Hunter.
All staff members of the Quad will
meet at 7:30 p.m. today in the Quad
office, according to Editor Hayes
Hunter.
All staff members of the Quad will
meet at 7:30 p.m. today in the Quad
office, according to Editor Hayes
Hunter.
All staff members of the Quad will
meet at 7:30 p.m. today in the Quad
office, according to Editor Hayes
Hunter.
All staff members of the Quad will
meet at 7:30 p.m. today in the Quad
office, according to Editor Hayes
Hunter.
All staff members of the Quad will
meet at 7:30 p.m. today in the Quad
office, according to Editor Hayes
Hunter.
All staff members of the Quad will
meet at 7:30 p.m. today in the Quad
office, according to Editor Hayes
Hunter.
All staff members of the Quad will
meet at 7:30 p.m. today in the Quad
office, according to Editor Hayes
Hunter.
All staff members of the Quad will
meet at 7:30 p.m. today in the Quad
office, according to Editor Hayes
Hunter.
