# Yanks 65 Miles from Czechoslovakia
## 
### 
PARIS, Wednesday. April 4 (UP).
The American Third Army plunged
within 05 miles of the Czechoslovak
border yesterday and Muenster and
Kassel fell as the great Allied drive
reached to within 141 miles of Ber
lin and threatened to slice Germany
into three parts.
The advancing Allied armies cap
tured or entered twelve major Ger
man towns on a 35-mile front. The
win-the-war drive again was paced
by Lieut. General George S. Pat
ton's tanks which sprinted 16 miles
into Gotha, 180 miles from a junc
tion with the Russians and closest
point yet reached to the German
capital from the west —141 airline
miles.
Patton's gain stretched three
fourths of the way across the waist
of Germany and rapidly was cutting
off the southern Reich. Other Third
Army forces captured Kassel and
Fulda.
Field Marshal Sir Bernard L.
Montgomery's British forces in the
north captured Muenster Mordhorn
as his tanks ripped within 40 miles
of the North Sea.
PARIS, Wednesday. April 4 (UP).
The American Third Army plunged
within 05 miles of the Czechoslovak
border yesterday and Muenster and
Kassel fell as the great Allied drive
reached to within 141 miles of Ber
lin and threatened to slice Germany
into three parts.
The advancing Allied armies cap
tured or entered twelve major Ger
man towns on a 35-mile front. The
win-the-war drive again was paced
by Lieut. General George S. Pat
ton's tanks which sprinted 16 miles
into Gotha, 180 miles from a junc
tion with the Russians and closest
point yet reached to the German
capital from the west —141 airline
miles.
Patton's gain stretched three
fourths of the way across the waist
of Germany and rapidly was cutting
off the southern Reich. Other Third
Army forces captured Kassel and
Fulda.
Field Marshal Sir Bernard L.
Montgomery's British forces in the
north captured Muenster Mordhorn
as his tanks ripped within 40 miles
of the North Sea.
PARIS, Wednesday. April 4 (UP).
The American Third Army plunged
within 05 miles of the Czechoslovak
border yesterday and Muenster and
Kassel fell as the great Allied drive
reached to within 141 miles of Ber
lin and threatened to slice Germany
into three parts.
The advancing Allied armies cap
tured or entered twelve major Ger
man towns on a 35-mile front. The
win-the-war drive again was paced
by Lieut. General George S. Pat
ton's tanks which sprinted 16 miles
into Gotha, 180 miles from a junc
tion with the Russians and closest
point yet reached to the German
capital from the west —141 airline
miles.
Patton's gain stretched three
fourths of the way across the waist
of Germany and rapidly was cutting
off the southern Reich. Other Third
Army forces captured Kassel and
Fulda.
Field Marshal Sir Bernard L.
Montgomery's British forces in the
north captured Muenster Mordhorn
as his tanks ripped within 40 miles
of the North Sea.
PARIS, Wednesday. April 4 (UP).
The American Third Army plunged
within 05 miles of the Czechoslovak
border yesterday and Muenster and
Kassel fell as the great Allied drive
reached to within 141 miles of Ber
lin and threatened to slice Germany
into three parts.
The advancing Allied armies cap
tured or entered twelve major Ger
man towns on a 35-mile front. The
win-the-war drive again was paced
by Lieut. General George S. Pat
ton's tanks which sprinted 16 miles
into Gotha, 180 miles from a junc
tion with the Russians and closest
point yet reached to the German
capital from the west —141 airline
miles.
Patton's gain stretched three
fourths of the way across the waist
of Germany and rapidly was cutting
off the southern Reich. Other Third
Army forces captured Kassel and
Fulda.
Field Marshal Sir Bernard L.
Montgomery's British forces in the
north captured Muenster Mordhorn
as his tanks ripped within 40 miles
of the North Sea.
PARIS, Wednesday. April 4 (UP).
The American Third Army plunged
within 05 miles of the Czechoslovak
border yesterday and Muenster and
Kassel fell as the great Allied drive
reached to within 141 miles of Ber
lin and threatened to slice Germany
into three parts.
The advancing Allied armies cap
tured or entered twelve major Ger
man towns on a 35-mile front. The
win-the-war drive again was paced
by Lieut. General George S. Pat
ton's tanks which sprinted 16 miles
into Gotha, 180 miles from a junc
tion with the Russians and closest
point yet reached to the German
capital from the west —141 airline
miles.
Patton's gain stretched three
fourths of the way across the waist
of Germany and rapidly was cutting
off the southern Reich. Other Third
Army forces captured Kassel and
Fulda.
Field Marshal Sir Bernard L.
Montgomery's British forces in the
north captured Muenster Mordhorn
as his tanks ripped within 40 miles
of the North Sea.
PARIS, Wednesday. April 4 (UP).
The American Third Army plunged
within 05 miles of the Czechoslovak
border yesterday and Muenster and
Kassel fell as the great Allied drive
reached to within 141 miles of Ber
lin and threatened to slice Germany
into three parts.
The advancing Allied armies cap
tured or entered twelve major Ger
man towns on a 35-mile front. The
win-the-war drive again was paced
by Lieut. General George S. Pat
ton's tanks which sprinted 16 miles
into Gotha, 180 miles from a junc
tion with the Russians and closest
point yet reached to the German
capital from the west —141 airline
miles.
Patton's gain stretched three
fourths of the way across the waist
of Germany and rapidly was cutting
off the southern Reich. Other Third
Army forces captured Kassel and
Fulda.
Field Marshal Sir Bernard L.
Montgomery's British forces in the
north captured Muenster Mordhorn
as his tanks ripped within 40 miles
of the North Sea.
PARIS, Wednesday. April 4 (UP).
The American Third Army plunged
within 05 miles of the Czechoslovak
border yesterday and Muenster and
Kassel fell as the great Allied drive
reached to within 141 miles of Ber
lin and threatened to slice Germany
into three parts.
The advancing Allied armies cap
tured or entered twelve major Ger
man towns on a 35-mile front. The
win-the-war drive again was paced
by Lieut. General George S. Pat
ton's tanks which sprinted 16 miles
into Gotha, 180 miles from a junc
tion with the Russians and closest
point yet reached to the German
capital from the west —141 airline
miles.
Patton's gain stretched three
fourths of the way across the waist
of Germany and rapidly was cutting
off the southern Reich. Other Third
Army forces captured Kassel and
Fulda.
Field Marshal Sir Bernard L.
Montgomery's British forces in the
north captured Muenster Mordhorn
as his tanks ripped within 40 miles
of the North Sea.
PARIS, Wednesday. April 4 (UP).
The American Third Army plunged
within 05 miles of the Czechoslovak
border yesterday and Muenster and
Kassel fell as the great Allied drive
reached to within 141 miles of Ber
lin and threatened to slice Germany
into three parts.
The advancing Allied armies cap
tured or entered twelve major Ger
man towns on a 35-mile front. The
win-the-war drive again was paced
by Lieut. General George S. Pat
ton's tanks which sprinted 16 miles
into Gotha, 180 miles from a junc
tion with the Russians and closest
point yet reached to the German
capital from the west —141 airline
miles.
Patton's gain stretched three
fourths of the way across the waist
of Germany and rapidly was cutting
off the southern Reich. Other Third
Army forces captured Kassel and
Fulda.
Field Marshal Sir Bernard L.
Montgomery's British forces in the
north captured Muenster Mordhorn
as his tanks ripped within 40 miles
of the North Sea.
PARIS, Wednesday. April 4 (UP).
The American Third Army plunged
within 05 miles of the Czechoslovak
border yesterday and Muenster and
Kassel fell as the great Allied drive
reached to within 141 miles of Ber
lin and threatened to slice Germany
into three parts.
The advancing Allied armies cap
tured or entered twelve major Ger
man towns on a 35-mile front. The
win-the-war drive again was paced
by Lieut. General George S. Pat
ton's tanks which sprinted 16 miles
into Gotha, 180 miles from a junc
tion with the Russians and closest
point yet reached to the German
capital from the west —141 airline
miles.
Patton's gain stretched three
fourths of the way across the waist
of Germany and rapidly was cutting
off the southern Reich. Other Third
Army forces captured Kassel and
Fulda.
Field Marshal Sir Bernard L.
Montgomery's British forces in the
north captured Muenster Mordhorn
as his tanks ripped within 40 miles
of the North Sea.
PARIS, Wednesday. April 4 (UP).
The American Third Army plunged
within 05 miles of the Czechoslovak
border yesterday and Muenster and
Kassel fell as the great Allied drive
reached to within 141 miles of Ber
lin and threatened to slice Germany
into three parts.
The advancing Allied armies cap
tured or entered twelve major Ger
man towns on a 35-mile front. The
win-the-war drive again was paced
by Lieut. General George S. Pat
ton's tanks which sprinted 16 miles
into Gotha, 180 miles from a junc
tion with the Russians and closest
point yet reached to the German
capital from the west —141 airline
miles.
Patton's gain stretched three
fourths of the way across the waist
of Germany and rapidly was cutting
off the southern Reich. Other Third
Army forces captured Kassel and
Fulda.
Field Marshal Sir Bernard L.
Montgomery's British forces in the
north captured Muenster Mordhorn
as his tanks ripped within 40 miles
of the North Sea.
PARIS, Wednesday. April 4 (UP).
The American Third Army plunged
within 05 miles of the Czechoslovak
border yesterday and Muenster and
Kassel fell as the great Allied drive
reached to within 141 miles of Ber
lin and threatened to slice Germany
into three parts.
The advancing Allied armies cap
tured or entered twelve major Ger
man towns on a 35-mile front. The
win-the-war drive again was paced
by Lieut. General George S. Pat
ton's tanks which sprinted 16 miles
into Gotha, 180 miles from a junc
tion with the Russians and closest
point yet reached to the German
capital from the west —141 airline
miles.
Patton's gain stretched three
fourths of the way across the waist
of Germany and rapidly was cutting
off the southern Reich. Other Third
Army forces captured Kassel and
Fulda.
Field Marshal Sir Bernard L.
Montgomery's British forces in the
north captured Muenster Mordhorn
as his tanks ripped within 40 miles
of the North Sea.
PARIS, Wednesday. April 4 (UP).
The American Third Army plunged
within 05 miles of the Czechoslovak
border yesterday and Muenster and
Kassel fell as the great Allied drive
reached to within 141 miles of Ber
lin and threatened to slice Germany
into three parts.
The advancing Allied armies cap
tured or entered twelve major Ger
man towns on a 35-mile front. The
win-the-war drive again was paced
by Lieut. General George S. Pat
ton's tanks which sprinted 16 miles
into Gotha, 180 miles from a junc
tion with the Russians and closest
point yet reached to the German
capital from the west —141 airline
miles.
Patton's gain stretched three
fourths of the way across the waist
of Germany and rapidly was cutting
off the southern Reich. Other Third
Army forces captured Kassel and
Fulda.
Field Marshal Sir Bernard L.
Montgomery's British forces in the
north captured Muenster Mordhorn
as his tanks ripped within 40 miles
of the North Sea.
PARIS, Wednesday. April 4 (UP).
The American Third Army plunged
within 05 miles of the Czechoslovak
border yesterday and Muenster and
Kassel fell as the great Allied drive
reached to within 141 miles of Ber
lin and threatened to slice Germany
into three parts.
The advancing Allied armies cap
tured or entered twelve major Ger
man towns on a 35-mile front. The
win-the-war drive again was paced
by Lieut. General George S. Pat
ton's tanks which sprinted 16 miles
into Gotha, 180 miles from a junc
tion with the Russians and closest
point yet reached to the German
capital from the west —141 airline
miles.
Patton's gain stretched three
fourths of the way across the waist
of Germany and rapidly was cutting
off the southern Reich. Other Third
Army forces captured Kassel and
Fulda.
Field Marshal Sir Bernard L.
Montgomery's British forces in the
north captured Muenster Mordhorn
as his tanks ripped within 40 miles
of the North Sea.
PARIS, Wednesday. April 4 (UP).
The American Third Army plunged
within 05 miles of the Czechoslovak
border yesterday and Muenster and
Kassel fell as the great Allied drive
reached to within 141 miles of Ber
lin and threatened to slice Germany
into three parts.
The advancing Allied armies cap
tured or entered twelve major Ger
man towns on a 35-mile front. The
win-the-war drive again was paced
by Lieut. General George S. Pat
ton's tanks which sprinted 16 miles
into Gotha, 180 miles from a junc
tion with the Russians and closest
point yet reached to the German
capital from the west —141 airline
miles.
Patton's gain stretched three
fourths of the way across the waist
of Germany and rapidly was cutting
off the southern Reich. Other Third
Army forces captured Kassel and
Fulda.
Field Marshal Sir Bernard L.
Montgomery's British forces in the
north captured Muenster Mordhorn
as his tanks ripped within 40 miles
of the North Sea.
PARIS, Wednesday. April 4 (UP).
The American Third Army plunged
within 05 miles of the Czechoslovak
border yesterday and Muenster and
Kassel fell as the great Allied drive
reached to within 141 miles of Ber
lin and threatened to slice Germany
into three parts.
The advancing Allied armies cap
tured or entered twelve major Ger
man towns on a 35-mile front. The
win-the-war drive again was paced
by Lieut. General George S. Pat
ton's tanks which sprinted 16 miles
into Gotha, 180 miles from a junc
tion with the Russians and closest
point yet reached to the German
capital from the west —141 airline
miles.
Patton's gain stretched three
fourths of the way across the waist
of Germany and rapidly was cutting
off the southern Reich. Other Third
Army forces captured Kassel and
Fulda.
Field Marshal Sir Bernard L.
Montgomery's British forces in the
north captured Muenster Mordhorn
as his tanks ripped within 40 miles
of the North Sea.
