# Adv. 2 Page 3
## 
### 
OMore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
,"hey have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Larlijle
J JEWELER*
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
323-2834
OMore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
,"hey have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Larlijle
J JEWELER*
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
323-2834
OMore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
,"hey have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Larlijle
J JEWELER*
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
323-2834
OMore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
,"hey have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Larlijle
J JEWELER*
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
323-2834
OMore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
,"hey have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Larlijle
J JEWELER*
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
323-2834
OMore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
,"hey have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Larlijle
J JEWELER*
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
323-2834
OMore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
,"hey have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Larlijle
J JEWELER*
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
323-2834
OMore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
,"hey have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Larlijle
J JEWELER*
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
323-2834
OMore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
,"hey have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Larlijle
J JEWELER*
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
323-2834
OMore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
,"hey have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Larlijle
J JEWELER*
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
323-2834
OMore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
,"hey have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Larlijle
J JEWELER*
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
323-2834
OMore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
,"hey have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Larlijle
J JEWELER*
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
323-2834
OMore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
,"hey have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Larlijle
J JEWELER*
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
323-2834
OMore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
,"hey have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Larlijle
J JEWELER*
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
323-2834
