# NINE MEN VOTED IN BY SIGMA DELTA CHI
## 
### 
Nine campus journalists became
members of Sigma Delta Chi, honorary
journalistic fraternity, at a meeting
of the members of the organization at
Encina Hall last night. The new men
are Archie Binns, '22, editor of the
Stanford Cardinal; E. E. Crowe, '21,
editor of the Daily Palo Alto; R. W.
Kenny, '21, editor of the Pictorial Re
view; Art Har::feld, '21. editor of the
Chaparral; F. L. McElroy, editor of
the '21 Quad and President of the
Associated Students; Warren Lewis,
'21. and Harry Wykoff, '20, well-known
campus journalists; Fay Reeder, '22.
news editor for the Daily Palo Alto
last year, and Wylie Kilpatrick, lead
ing sophomore on the Daily Palo Alto
staff.
The officers of llie local chapter of
the honorary fraternity are Daniel
Evans, '20, president; W. F. Leiser,
'21. vice-president, and .lessee E.
Thrash, '21, secretary.
Nine campus journalists became
members of Sigma Delta Chi, honorary
journalistic fraternity, at a meeting
of the members of the organization at
Encina Hall last night. The new men
are Archie Binns, '22, editor of the
Stanford Cardinal; E. E. Crowe, '21,
editor of the Daily Palo Alto; R. W.
Kenny, '21, editor of the Pictorial Re
view; Art Har::feld, '21. editor of the
Chaparral; F. L. McElroy, editor of
the '21 Quad and President of the
Associated Students; Warren Lewis,
'21. and Harry Wykoff, '20, well-known
campus journalists; Fay Reeder, '22.
news editor for the Daily Palo Alto
last year, and Wylie Kilpatrick, lead
ing sophomore on the Daily Palo Alto
staff.
The officers of llie local chapter of
the honorary fraternity are Daniel
Evans, '20, president; W. F. Leiser,
'21. vice-president, and .lessee E.
Thrash, '21, secretary.
Nine campus journalists became
members of Sigma Delta Chi, honorary
journalistic fraternity, at a meeting
of the members of the organization at
Encina Hall last night. The new men
are Archie Binns, '22, editor of the
Stanford Cardinal; E. E. Crowe, '21,
editor of the Daily Palo Alto; R. W.
Kenny, '21, editor of the Pictorial Re
view; Art Har::feld, '21. editor of the
Chaparral; F. L. McElroy, editor of
the '21 Quad and President of the
Associated Students; Warren Lewis,
'21. and Harry Wykoff, '20, well-known
campus journalists; Fay Reeder, '22.
news editor for the Daily Palo Alto
last year, and Wylie Kilpatrick, lead
ing sophomore on the Daily Palo Alto
staff.
The officers of llie local chapter of
the honorary fraternity are Daniel
Evans, '20, president; W. F. Leiser,
'21. vice-president, and .lessee E.
Thrash, '21, secretary.
Nine campus journalists became
members of Sigma Delta Chi, honorary
journalistic fraternity, at a meeting
of the members of the organization at
Encina Hall last night. The new men
are Archie Binns, '22, editor of the
Stanford Cardinal; E. E. Crowe, '21,
editor of the Daily Palo Alto; R. W.
Kenny, '21, editor of the Pictorial Re
view; Art Har::feld, '21. editor of the
Chaparral; F. L. McElroy, editor of
the '21 Quad and President of the
Associated Students; Warren Lewis,
'21. and Harry Wykoff, '20, well-known
campus journalists; Fay Reeder, '22.
news editor for the Daily Palo Alto
last year, and Wylie Kilpatrick, lead
ing sophomore on the Daily Palo Alto
staff.
The officers of llie local chapter of
the honorary fraternity are Daniel
Evans, '20, president; W. F. Leiser,
'21. vice-president, and .lessee E.
Thrash, '21, secretary.
Nine campus journalists became
members of Sigma Delta Chi, honorary
journalistic fraternity, at a meeting
of the members of the organization at
Encina Hall last night. The new men
are Archie Binns, '22, editor of the
Stanford Cardinal; E. E. Crowe, '21,
editor of the Daily Palo Alto; R. W.
Kenny, '21, editor of the Pictorial Re
view; Art Har::feld, '21. editor of the
Chaparral; F. L. McElroy, editor of
the '21 Quad and President of the
Associated Students; Warren Lewis,
'21. and Harry Wykoff, '20, well-known
campus journalists; Fay Reeder, '22.
news editor for the Daily Palo Alto
last year, and Wylie Kilpatrick, lead
ing sophomore on the Daily Palo Alto
staff.
The officers of llie local chapter of
the honorary fraternity are Daniel
Evans, '20, president; W. F. Leiser,
'21. vice-president, and .lessee E.
Thrash, '21, secretary.
Nine campus journalists became
members of Sigma Delta Chi, honorary
journalistic fraternity, at a meeting
of the members of the organization at
Encina Hall last night. The new men
are Archie Binns, '22, editor of the
Stanford Cardinal; E. E. Crowe, '21,
editor of the Daily Palo Alto; R. W.
Kenny, '21, editor of the Pictorial Re
view; Art Har::feld, '21. editor of the
Chaparral; F. L. McElroy, editor of
the '21 Quad and President of the
Associated Students; Warren Lewis,
'21. and Harry Wykoff, '20, well-known
campus journalists; Fay Reeder, '22.
news editor for the Daily Palo Alto
last year, and Wylie Kilpatrick, lead
ing sophomore on the Daily Palo Alto
staff.
The officers of llie local chapter of
the honorary fraternity are Daniel
Evans, '20, president; W. F. Leiser,
'21. vice-president, and .lessee E.
Thrash, '21, secretary.
Nine campus journalists became
members of Sigma Delta Chi, honorary
journalistic fraternity, at a meeting
of the members of the organization at
Encina Hall last night. The new men
are Archie Binns, '22, editor of the
Stanford Cardinal; E. E. Crowe, '21,
editor of the Daily Palo Alto; R. W.
Kenny, '21, editor of the Pictorial Re
view; Art Har::feld, '21. editor of the
Chaparral; F. L. McElroy, editor of
the '21 Quad and President of the
Associated Students; Warren Lewis,
'21. and Harry Wykoff, '20, well-known
campus journalists; Fay Reeder, '22.
news editor for the Daily Palo Alto
last year, and Wylie Kilpatrick, lead
ing sophomore on the Daily Palo Alto
staff.
The officers of llie local chapter of
the honorary fraternity are Daniel
Evans, '20, president; W. F. Leiser,
'21. vice-president, and .lessee E.
Thrash, '21, secretary.
Nine campus journalists became
members of Sigma Delta Chi, honorary
journalistic fraternity, at a meeting
of the members of the organization at
Encina Hall last night. The new men
are Archie Binns, '22, editor of the
Stanford Cardinal; E. E. Crowe, '21,
editor of the Daily Palo Alto; R. W.
Kenny, '21, editor of the Pictorial Re
view; Art Har::feld, '21. editor of the
Chaparral; F. L. McElroy, editor of
the '21 Quad and President of the
Associated Students; Warren Lewis,
'21. and Harry Wykoff, '20, well-known
campus journalists; Fay Reeder, '22.
news editor for the Daily Palo Alto
last year, and Wylie Kilpatrick, lead
ing sophomore on the Daily Palo Alto
staff.
The officers of llie local chapter of
the honorary fraternity are Daniel
Evans, '20, president; W. F. Leiser,
'21. vice-president, and .lessee E.
Thrash, '21, secretary.
Nine campus journalists became
members of Sigma Delta Chi, honorary
journalistic fraternity, at a meeting
of the members of the organization at
Encina Hall last night. The new men
are Archie Binns, '22, editor of the
Stanford Cardinal; E. E. Crowe, '21,
editor of the Daily Palo Alto; R. W.
Kenny, '21, editor of the Pictorial Re
view; Art Har::feld, '21. editor of the
Chaparral; F. L. McElroy, editor of
the '21 Quad and President of the
Associated Students; Warren Lewis,
'21. and Harry Wykoff, '20, well-known
campus journalists; Fay Reeder, '22.
news editor for the Daily Palo Alto
last year, and Wylie Kilpatrick, lead
ing sophomore on the Daily Palo Alto
staff.
The officers of llie local chapter of
the honorary fraternity are Daniel
Evans, '20, president; W. F. Leiser,
'21. vice-president, and .lessee E.
Thrash, '21, secretary.
Nine campus journalists became
members of Sigma Delta Chi, honorary
journalistic fraternity, at a meeting
of the members of the organization at
Encina Hall last night. The new men
are Archie Binns, '22, editor of the
Stanford Cardinal; E. E. Crowe, '21,
editor of the Daily Palo Alto; R. W.
Kenny, '21, editor of the Pictorial Re
view; Art Har::feld, '21. editor of the
Chaparral; F. L. McElroy, editor of
the '21 Quad and President of the
Associated Students; Warren Lewis,
'21. and Harry Wykoff, '20, well-known
campus journalists; Fay Reeder, '22.
news editor for the Daily Palo Alto
last year, and Wylie Kilpatrick, lead
ing sophomore on the Daily Palo Alto
staff.
The officers of llie local chapter of
the honorary fraternity are Daniel
Evans, '20, president; W. F. Leiser,
'21. vice-president, and .lessee E.
Thrash, '21, secretary.
Nine campus journalists became
members of Sigma Delta Chi, honorary
journalistic fraternity, at a meeting
of the members of the organization at
Encina Hall last night. The new men
are Archie Binns, '22, editor of the
Stanford Cardinal; E. E. Crowe, '21,
editor of the Daily Palo Alto; R. W.
Kenny, '21, editor of the Pictorial Re
view; Art Har::feld, '21. editor of the
Chaparral; F. L. McElroy, editor of
the '21 Quad and President of the
Associated Students; Warren Lewis,
'21. and Harry Wykoff, '20, well-known
campus journalists; Fay Reeder, '22.
news editor for the Daily Palo Alto
last year, and Wylie Kilpatrick, lead
ing sophomore on the Daily Palo Alto
staff.
The officers of llie local chapter of
the honorary fraternity are Daniel
Evans, '20, president; W. F. Leiser,
'21. vice-president, and .lessee E.
Thrash, '21, secretary.
Nine campus journalists became
members of Sigma Delta Chi, honorary
journalistic fraternity, at a meeting
of the members of the organization at
Encina Hall last night. The new men
are Archie Binns, '22, editor of the
Stanford Cardinal; E. E. Crowe, '21,
editor of the Daily Palo Alto; R. W.
Kenny, '21, editor of the Pictorial Re
view; Art Har::feld, '21. editor of the
Chaparral; F. L. McElroy, editor of
the '21 Quad and President of the
Associated Students; Warren Lewis,
'21. and Harry Wykoff, '20, well-known
campus journalists; Fay Reeder, '22.
news editor for the Daily Palo Alto
last year, and Wylie Kilpatrick, lead
ing sophomore on the Daily Palo Alto
staff.
The officers of llie local chapter of
the honorary fraternity are Daniel
Evans, '20, president; W. F. Leiser,
'21. vice-president, and .lessee E.
Thrash, '21, secretary.
Nine campus journalists became
members of Sigma Delta Chi, honorary
journalistic fraternity, at a meeting
of the members of the organization at
Encina Hall last night. The new men
are Archie Binns, '22, editor of the
Stanford Cardinal; E. E. Crowe, '21,
editor of the Daily Palo Alto; R. W.
Kenny, '21, editor of the Pictorial Re
view; Art Har::feld, '21. editor of the
Chaparral; F. L. McElroy, editor of
the '21 Quad and President of the
Associated Students; Warren Lewis,
'21. and Harry Wykoff, '20, well-known
campus journalists; Fay Reeder, '22.
news editor for the Daily Palo Alto
last year, and Wylie Kilpatrick, lead
ing sophomore on the Daily Palo Alto
staff.
The officers of llie local chapter of
the honorary fraternity are Daniel
Evans, '20, president; W. F. Leiser,
'21. vice-president, and .lessee E.
Thrash, '21, secretary.
