# GILLETT-PITTMAN DEBATE SCHEDULED FOR NEXT WEDNESDAY
## 
### 
Final arrangements have been com
pleted for the Pittman-Gillett debate
to be held next Wednesday night at
7:30 in the Women's Clubhouse, ac
cording to a statement given out last
night by G. W. Burch, president of
Euphronia. The debate will be held
under the auspices of Euplnonia De
bating Society and the Republican
State Central Committee. Ex-Gover
nor Gillett, who is making a speaking
tour of the west for the Republican
party, has made special arrangements
to come to Stanford to debate with
Senator Pittman of Nevada.
This will be a unique occasion in
that this is the first time prominent
speakers of the opposing parties have
consented to alter their plans and
make a special effort to come direct
to Stanford to discuss the issues of
the presidential campaign.
Ex-Governor .Gillett is a noted Re
publican speaker and known as a op
ponent of the League of Nations,
while Senator Pittman, of Nevada, one
of the Dmocratic campaigners, is a
strong upholder of the Democratic
policies and the League of Nations.
The subject, chosen by the Euphronia
will be "Issues of the Present Cam
paign." The chairman of the meeting
will be announced later.
