# Cox Declares Recent Happenings Favorable
## 
### United Press 
ENROUTE WITH COX. WILM
(N( iTON, Del., Oct. 21. Governor Cox
beginning his stump campaign in Dela
ware and Maryland today declared that
political events have taken such a decid
ed turn within the last two weeks that
"there are incipient manifestations oi a
landslide" for his candidacy. Cox's op
timism was due in some measuic to
receptions he received in New England
generally considered a Republican strong
hold.
ENROUTE WITH COX. WILM
(N( iTON, Del., Oct. 21. Governor Cox
beginning his stump campaign in Dela
ware and Maryland today declared that
political events have taken such a decid
ed turn within the last two weeks that
"there are incipient manifestations oi a
landslide" for his candidacy. Cox's op
timism was due in some measuic to
receptions he received in New England
generally considered a Republican strong
hold.
ENROUTE WITH COX. WILM
(N( iTON, Del., Oct. 21. Governor Cox
beginning his stump campaign in Dela
ware and Maryland today declared that
political events have taken such a decid
ed turn within the last two weeks that
"there are incipient manifestations oi a
landslide" for his candidacy. Cox's op
timism was due in some measuic to
receptions he received in New England
generally considered a Republican strong
hold.
ENROUTE WITH COX. WILM
(N( iTON, Del., Oct. 21. Governor Cox
beginning his stump campaign in Dela
ware and Maryland today declared that
political events have taken such a decid
ed turn within the last two weeks that
"there are incipient manifestations oi a
landslide" for his candidacy. Cox's op
timism was due in some measuic to
receptions he received in New England
generally considered a Republican strong
hold.
ENROUTE WITH COX. WILM
(N( iTON, Del., Oct. 21. Governor Cox
beginning his stump campaign in Dela
ware and Maryland today declared that
political events have taken such a decid
ed turn within the last two weeks that
"there are incipient manifestations oi a
landslide" for his candidacy. Cox's op
timism was due in some measuic to
receptions he received in New England
generally considered a Republican strong
hold.
ENROUTE WITH COX. WILM
(N( iTON, Del., Oct. 21. Governor Cox
beginning his stump campaign in Dela
ware and Maryland today declared that
political events have taken such a decid
ed turn within the last two weeks that
"there are incipient manifestations oi a
landslide" for his candidacy. Cox's op
timism was due in some measuic to
receptions he received in New England
generally considered a Republican strong
hold.
ENROUTE WITH COX. WILM
(N( iTON, Del., Oct. 21. Governor Cox
beginning his stump campaign in Dela
ware and Maryland today declared that
political events have taken such a decid
ed turn within the last two weeks that
"there are incipient manifestations oi a
landslide" for his candidacy. Cox's op
timism was due in some measuic to
receptions he received in New England
generally considered a Republican strong
hold.
ENROUTE WITH COX. WILM
(N( iTON, Del., Oct. 21. Governor Cox
beginning his stump campaign in Dela
ware and Maryland today declared that
political events have taken such a decid
ed turn within the last two weeks that
"there are incipient manifestations oi a
landslide" for his candidacy. Cox's op
timism was due in some measuic to
receptions he received in New England
generally considered a Republican strong
hold.
ENROUTE WITH COX. WILM
(N( iTON, Del., Oct. 21. Governor Cox
beginning his stump campaign in Dela
ware and Maryland today declared that
political events have taken such a decid
ed turn within the last two weeks that
"there are incipient manifestations oi a
landslide" for his candidacy. Cox's op
timism was due in some measuic to
receptions he received in New England
generally considered a Republican strong
hold.
ENROUTE WITH COX. WILM
(N( iTON, Del., Oct. 21. Governor Cox
beginning his stump campaign in Dela
ware and Maryland today declared that
political events have taken such a decid
ed turn within the last two weeks that
"there are incipient manifestations oi a
landslide" for his candidacy. Cox's op
timism was due in some measuic to
receptions he received in New England
generally considered a Republican strong
hold.
ENROUTE WITH COX. WILM
(N( iTON, Del., Oct. 21. Governor Cox
beginning his stump campaign in Dela
ware and Maryland today declared that
political events have taken such a decid
ed turn within the last two weeks that
"there are incipient manifestations oi a
landslide" for his candidacy. Cox's op
timism was due in some measuic to
receptions he received in New England
generally considered a Republican strong
hold.
ENROUTE WITH COX. WILM
(N( iTON, Del., Oct. 21. Governor Cox
beginning his stump campaign in Dela
ware and Maryland today declared that
political events have taken such a decid
ed turn within the last two weeks that
"there are incipient manifestations oi a
landslide" for his candidacy. Cox's op
timism was due in some measuic to
receptions he received in New England
generally considered a Republican strong
hold.
ENROUTE WITH COX. WILM
(N( iTON, Del., Oct. 21. Governor Cox
beginning his stump campaign in Dela
ware and Maryland today declared that
political events have taken such a decid
ed turn within the last two weeks that
"there are incipient manifestations oi a
landslide" for his candidacy. Cox's op
timism was due in some measuic to
receptions he received in New England
generally considered a Republican strong
hold.
