# Early admission to Florence open
## 
### 
To clarify a point made in a Feb. 8
article on admission deadlines for
Stanford's campus in Florence: Any
student who wishes to study overseas
at Florence, Berlin or Tours may apply
as early as 12 months in advance or as
late as the quarter before departure.
This has been our policy for the past
several years, and each year many
students take advantage of "early
admissions" to help in planning their
academic schedule.
Nancy Padgett
Deputy direr*'- overseas Studies
To clarify a point made in a Feb. 8
article on admission deadlines for
Stanford's campus in Florence: Any
student who wishes to study overseas
at Florence, Berlin or Tours may apply
as early as 12 months in advance or as
late as the quarter before departure.
This has been our policy for the past
several years, and each year many
students take advantage of "early
admissions" to help in planning their
academic schedule.
Nancy Padgett
Deputy direr*'- overseas Studies
To clarify a point made in a Feb. 8
article on admission deadlines for
Stanford's campus in Florence: Any
student who wishes to study overseas
at Florence, Berlin or Tours may apply
as early as 12 months in advance or as
late as the quarter before departure.
This has been our policy for the past
several years, and each year many
students take advantage of "early
admissions" to help in planning their
academic schedule.
Nancy Padgett
Deputy direr*'- overseas Studies
To clarify a point made in a Feb. 8
article on admission deadlines for
Stanford's campus in Florence: Any
student who wishes to study overseas
at Florence, Berlin or Tours may apply
as early as 12 months in advance or as
late as the quarter before departure.
This has been our policy for the past
several years, and each year many
students take advantage of "early
admissions" to help in planning their
academic schedule.
Nancy Padgett
Deputy direr*'- overseas Studies
To clarify a point made in a Feb. 8
article on admission deadlines for
Stanford's campus in Florence: Any
student who wishes to study overseas
at Florence, Berlin or Tours may apply
as early as 12 months in advance or as
late as the quarter before departure.
This has been our policy for the past
several years, and each year many
students take advantage of "early
admissions" to help in planning their
academic schedule.
Nancy Padgett
Deputy direr*'- overseas Studies
To clarify a point made in a Feb. 8
article on admission deadlines for
Stanford's campus in Florence: Any
student who wishes to study overseas
at Florence, Berlin or Tours may apply
as early as 12 months in advance or as
late as the quarter before departure.
This has been our policy for the past
several years, and each year many
students take advantage of "early
admissions" to help in planning their
academic schedule.
Nancy Padgett
Deputy direr*'- overseas Studies
To clarify a point made in a Feb. 8
article on admission deadlines for
Stanford's campus in Florence: Any
student who wishes to study overseas
at Florence, Berlin or Tours may apply
as early as 12 months in advance or as
late as the quarter before departure.
This has been our policy for the past
several years, and each year many
students take advantage of "early
admissions" to help in planning their
academic schedule.
Nancy Padgett
Deputy direr*'- overseas Studies
To clarify a point made in a Feb. 8
article on admission deadlines for
Stanford's campus in Florence: Any
student who wishes to study overseas
at Florence, Berlin or Tours may apply
as early as 12 months in advance or as
late as the quarter before departure.
This has been our policy for the past
several years, and each year many
students take advantage of "early
admissions" to help in planning their
academic schedule.
Nancy Padgett
Deputy direr*'- overseas Studies
