# Eastern Football.
## 
### 
The championship games in the
East and Middle West are narrow*
ing down to a few of the best
teams. On the Atlantic Coast Ilar
vard, Cornell, and Vale seem to
have the hest teams, and now that
Wisconsin and Michigan have
come out victorious over Minne
sota and Chicago they alone have
to contest for the Western cham
pionship. The scores of the games
last Saturday were as follows:
Yale, 12; Princeton, 0. Cornell,
24; Columbia, 0. Harvard, 27;
Dartmouth, 12. Pennsylvania, IB;
Carlisle, 14. Wisconsin, 18; Min
nesota, 0. Michigan, 22; Chicago,
0. Annapolis, 17; Washington
and Jefferson, 11 Nebraska, 29;
Kansas, o. Beloit, 31; Northwest
ern, 11. Brown, 24;- Union, 5.
lowa, 17; Grinnell, 11. Lincoln
University, 0; Illinois Weslevan,
0. Lake Forest, 12; Lewis Insti
tute, 0. Notre Dame, 17; Indiana,
5. Nashville, 5; Kentucky, 0.
Western Reserve, t>; Allegheny
College, 6. Oberlin, 0; Ohio, 0.
Ohio Wesleyan, 1G; Dennison, 0.
Illinois, 2G; Purdue, 6. Franklin
and Marshall, 40; Jefferson, 0.
Wesleyan, 11; Trinity, 0. Har
vard Freshman, 40; Yale Fresh
man, 6.
