# CAMPANILE VIBRATES BY SHIFT OF WEIGHT
## 
### 
Sather Tower, better known as the
Campanile, on the University of Cali
fornia campus, can be made to swing
to and fro by the efforts of one man.
This great tower, 302 feet in height
and 25 feet thick at the base, is built
to allow fbr vibration, explains Pro
fessor Elmer E. Hall, of the Physics
department of the university, in "The
California Engineering Magazine." A
medium-sized man, standing on one of
the upper platforms, can set the Cam
panile in vibration by shifting his
weight from one side to the other in
the proper rhythm. Of course, the vi
bration only amounts to the thickness
of a sheet of paper and can be ob
served only with the aid of delicate
instruments.

According to figures worked out by
the professor, the upper end of the
tower when vibrating describes an
ellipse about every 1.14 seconds over
an area less than one millimeter in
diameter. Even when the chimes are
sounding, the towner responds with
harmonies or "over-tones" to the ex
tent of 106 tremors a second, amount
ing to .0005 millimeters, and the rise
and fal lof the elevator induces a re
sponse in vibration.
Sather Tower, better known as the
Campanile, on the University of Cali
fornia campus, can be made to swing
to and fro by the efforts of one man.
This great tower, 302 feet in height
and 25 feet thick at the base, is built
to allow fbr vibration, explains Pro
fessor Elmer E. Hall, of the Physics
department of the university, in "The
California Engineering Magazine." A
medium-sized man, standing on one of
the upper platforms, can set the Cam
panile in vibration by shifting his
weight from one side to the other in
the proper rhythm. Of course, the vi
bration only amounts to the thickness
of a sheet of paper and can be ob
served only with the aid of delicate
instruments.

According to figures worked out by
the professor, the upper end of the
tower when vibrating describes an
ellipse about every 1.14 seconds over
an area less than one millimeter in
diameter. Even when the chimes are
sounding, the towner responds with
harmonies or "over-tones" to the ex
tent of 106 tremors a second, amount
ing to .0005 millimeters, and the rise
and fal lof the elevator induces a re
sponse in vibration.
Sather Tower, better known as the
Campanile, on the University of Cali
fornia campus, can be made to swing
to and fro by the efforts of one man.
This great tower, 302 feet in height
and 25 feet thick at the base, is built
to allow fbr vibration, explains Pro
fessor Elmer E. Hall, of the Physics
department of the university, in "The
California Engineering Magazine." A
medium-sized man, standing on one of
the upper platforms, can set the Cam
panile in vibration by shifting his
weight from one side to the other in
the proper rhythm. Of course, the vi
bration only amounts to the thickness
of a sheet of paper and can be ob
served only with the aid of delicate
instruments.

According to figures worked out by
the professor, the upper end of the
tower when vibrating describes an
ellipse about every 1.14 seconds over
an area less than one millimeter in
diameter. Even when the chimes are
sounding, the towner responds with
harmonies or "over-tones" to the ex
tent of 106 tremors a second, amount
ing to .0005 millimeters, and the rise
and fal lof the elevator induces a re
sponse in vibration.
Sather Tower, better known as the
Campanile, on the University of Cali
fornia campus, can be made to swing
to and fro by the efforts of one man.
This great tower, 302 feet in height
and 25 feet thick at the base, is built
to allow fbr vibration, explains Pro
fessor Elmer E. Hall, of the Physics
department of the university, in "The
California Engineering Magazine." A
medium-sized man, standing on one of
the upper platforms, can set the Cam
panile in vibration by shifting his
weight from one side to the other in
the proper rhythm. Of course, the vi
bration only amounts to the thickness
of a sheet of paper and can be ob
served only with the aid of delicate
instruments.

According to figures worked out by
the professor, the upper end of the
tower when vibrating describes an
ellipse about every 1.14 seconds over
an area less than one millimeter in
diameter. Even when the chimes are
sounding, the towner responds with
harmonies or "over-tones" to the ex
tent of 106 tremors a second, amount
ing to .0005 millimeters, and the rise
and fal lof the elevator induces a re
sponse in vibration.
Sather Tower, better known as the
Campanile, on the University of Cali
fornia campus, can be made to swing
to and fro by the efforts of one man.
This great tower, 302 feet in height
and 25 feet thick at the base, is built
to allow fbr vibration, explains Pro
fessor Elmer E. Hall, of the Physics
department of the university, in "The
California Engineering Magazine." A
medium-sized man, standing on one of
the upper platforms, can set the Cam
panile in vibration by shifting his
weight from one side to the other in
the proper rhythm. Of course, the vi
bration only amounts to the thickness
of a sheet of paper and can be ob
served only with the aid of delicate
instruments.

According to figures worked out by
the professor, the upper end of the
tower when vibrating describes an
ellipse about every 1.14 seconds over
an area less than one millimeter in
diameter. Even when the chimes are
sounding, the towner responds with
harmonies or "over-tones" to the ex
tent of 106 tremors a second, amount
ing to .0005 millimeters, and the rise
and fal lof the elevator induces a re
sponse in vibration.
Sather Tower, better known as the
Campanile, on the University of Cali
fornia campus, can be made to swing
to and fro by the efforts of one man.
This great tower, 302 feet in height
and 25 feet thick at the base, is built
to allow fbr vibration, explains Pro
fessor Elmer E. Hall, of the Physics
department of the university, in "The
California Engineering Magazine." A
medium-sized man, standing on one of
the upper platforms, can set the Cam
panile in vibration by shifting his
weight from one side to the other in
the proper rhythm. Of course, the vi
bration only amounts to the thickness
of a sheet of paper and can be ob
served only with the aid of delicate
instruments.

According to figures worked out by
the professor, the upper end of the
tower when vibrating describes an
ellipse about every 1.14 seconds over
an area less than one millimeter in
diameter. Even when the chimes are
sounding, the towner responds with
harmonies or "over-tones" to the ex
tent of 106 tremors a second, amount
ing to .0005 millimeters, and the rise
and fal lof the elevator induces a re
sponse in vibration.
Sather Tower, better known as the
Campanile, on the University of Cali
fornia campus, can be made to swing
to and fro by the efforts of one man.
This great tower, 302 feet in height
and 25 feet thick at the base, is built
to allow fbr vibration, explains Pro
fessor Elmer E. Hall, of the Physics
department of the university, in "The
California Engineering Magazine." A
medium-sized man, standing on one of
the upper platforms, can set the Cam
panile in vibration by shifting his
weight from one side to the other in
the proper rhythm. Of course, the vi
bration only amounts to the thickness
of a sheet of paper and can be ob
served only with the aid of delicate
instruments.

According to figures worked out by
the professor, the upper end of the
tower when vibrating describes an
ellipse about every 1.14 seconds over
an area less than one millimeter in
diameter. Even when the chimes are
sounding, the towner responds with
harmonies or "over-tones" to the ex
tent of 106 tremors a second, amount
ing to .0005 millimeters, and the rise
and fal lof the elevator induces a re
sponse in vibration.
Sather Tower, better known as the
Campanile, on the University of Cali
fornia campus, can be made to swing
to and fro by the efforts of one man.
This great tower, 302 feet in height
and 25 feet thick at the base, is built
to allow fbr vibration, explains Pro
fessor Elmer E. Hall, of the Physics
department of the university, in "The
California Engineering Magazine." A
medium-sized man, standing on one of
the upper platforms, can set the Cam
panile in vibration by shifting his
weight from one side to the other in
the proper rhythm. Of course, the vi
bration only amounts to the thickness
of a sheet of paper and can be ob
served only with the aid of delicate
instruments.

According to figures worked out by
the professor, the upper end of the
tower when vibrating describes an
ellipse about every 1.14 seconds over
an area less than one millimeter in
diameter. Even when the chimes are
sounding, the towner responds with
harmonies or "over-tones" to the ex
tent of 106 tremors a second, amount
ing to .0005 millimeters, and the rise
and fal lof the elevator induces a re
sponse in vibration.
Sather Tower, better known as the
Campanile, on the University of Cali
fornia campus, can be made to swing
to and fro by the efforts of one man.
This great tower, 302 feet in height
and 25 feet thick at the base, is built
to allow fbr vibration, explains Pro
fessor Elmer E. Hall, of the Physics
department of the university, in "The
California Engineering Magazine." A
medium-sized man, standing on one of
the upper platforms, can set the Cam
panile in vibration by shifting his
weight from one side to the other in
the proper rhythm. Of course, the vi
bration only amounts to the thickness
of a sheet of paper and can be ob
served only with the aid of delicate
instruments.

According to figures worked out by
the professor, the upper end of the
tower when vibrating describes an
ellipse about every 1.14 seconds over
an area less than one millimeter in
diameter. Even when the chimes are
sounding, the towner responds with
harmonies or "over-tones" to the ex
tent of 106 tremors a second, amount
ing to .0005 millimeters, and the rise
and fal lof the elevator induces a re
sponse in vibration.
Sather Tower, better known as the
Campanile, on the University of Cali
fornia campus, can be made to swing
to and fro by the efforts of one man.
This great tower, 302 feet in height
and 25 feet thick at the base, is built
to allow fbr vibration, explains Pro
fessor Elmer E. Hall, of the Physics
department of the university, in "The
California Engineering Magazine." A
medium-sized man, standing on one of
the upper platforms, can set the Cam
panile in vibration by shifting his
weight from one side to the other in
the proper rhythm. Of course, the vi
bration only amounts to the thickness
of a sheet of paper and can be ob
served only with the aid of delicate
instruments.

According to figures worked out by
the professor, the upper end of the
tower when vibrating describes an
ellipse about every 1.14 seconds over
an area less than one millimeter in
diameter. Even when the chimes are
sounding, the towner responds with
harmonies or "over-tones" to the ex
tent of 106 tremors a second, amount
ing to .0005 millimeters, and the rise
and fal lof the elevator induces a re
sponse in vibration.
Sather Tower, better known as the
Campanile, on the University of Cali
fornia campus, can be made to swing
to and fro by the efforts of one man.
This great tower, 302 feet in height
and 25 feet thick at the base, is built
to allow fbr vibration, explains Pro
fessor Elmer E. Hall, of the Physics
department of the university, in "The
California Engineering Magazine." A
medium-sized man, standing on one of
the upper platforms, can set the Cam
panile in vibration by shifting his
weight from one side to the other in
the proper rhythm. Of course, the vi
bration only amounts to the thickness
of a sheet of paper and can be ob
served only with the aid of delicate
instruments.

According to figures worked out by
the professor, the upper end of the
tower when vibrating describes an
ellipse about every 1.14 seconds over
an area less than one millimeter in
diameter. Even when the chimes are
sounding, the towner responds with
harmonies or "over-tones" to the ex
tent of 106 tremors a second, amount
ing to .0005 millimeters, and the rise
and fal lof the elevator induces a re
sponse in vibration.
Sather Tower, better known as the
Campanile, on the University of Cali
fornia campus, can be made to swing
to and fro by the efforts of one man.
This great tower, 302 feet in height
and 25 feet thick at the base, is built
to allow fbr vibration, explains Pro
fessor Elmer E. Hall, of the Physics
department of the university, in "The
California Engineering Magazine." A
medium-sized man, standing on one of
the upper platforms, can set the Cam
panile in vibration by shifting his
weight from one side to the other in
the proper rhythm. Of course, the vi
bration only amounts to the thickness
of a sheet of paper and can be ob
served only with the aid of delicate
instruments.

According to figures worked out by
the professor, the upper end of the
tower when vibrating describes an
ellipse about every 1.14 seconds over
an area less than one millimeter in
diameter. Even when the chimes are
sounding, the towner responds with
harmonies or "over-tones" to the ex
tent of 106 tremors a second, amount
ing to .0005 millimeters, and the rise
and fal lof the elevator induces a re
sponse in vibration.
Sather Tower, better known as the
Campanile, on the University of Cali
fornia campus, can be made to swing
to and fro by the efforts of one man.
This great tower, 302 feet in height
and 25 feet thick at the base, is built
to allow fbr vibration, explains Pro
fessor Elmer E. Hall, of the Physics
department of the university, in "The
California Engineering Magazine." A
medium-sized man, standing on one of
the upper platforms, can set the Cam
panile in vibration by shifting his
weight from one side to the other in
the proper rhythm. Of course, the vi
bration only amounts to the thickness
of a sheet of paper and can be ob
served only with the aid of delicate
instruments.

According to figures worked out by
the professor, the upper end of the
tower when vibrating describes an
ellipse about every 1.14 seconds over
an area less than one millimeter in
diameter. Even when the chimes are
sounding, the towner responds with
harmonies or "over-tones" to the ex
tent of 106 tremors a second, amount
ing to .0005 millimeters, and the rise
and fal lof the elevator induces a re
sponse in vibration.
Sather Tower, better known as the
Campanile, on the University of Cali
fornia campus, can be made to swing
to and fro by the efforts of one man.
This great tower, 302 feet in height
and 25 feet thick at the base, is built
to allow fbr vibration, explains Pro
fessor Elmer E. Hall, of the Physics
department of the university, in "The
California Engineering Magazine." A
medium-sized man, standing on one of
the upper platforms, can set the Cam
panile in vibration by shifting his
weight from one side to the other in
the proper rhythm. Of course, the vi
bration only amounts to the thickness
of a sheet of paper and can be ob
served only with the aid of delicate
instruments.

According to figures worked out by
the professor, the upper end of the
tower when vibrating describes an
ellipse about every 1.14 seconds over
an area less than one millimeter in
diameter. Even when the chimes are
sounding, the towner responds with
harmonies or "over-tones" to the ex
tent of 106 tremors a second, amount
ing to .0005 millimeters, and the rise
and fal lof the elevator induces a re
sponse in vibration.
Sather Tower, better known as the
Campanile, on the University of Cali
fornia campus, can be made to swing
to and fro by the efforts of one man.
This great tower, 302 feet in height
and 25 feet thick at the base, is built
to allow fbr vibration, explains Pro
fessor Elmer E. Hall, of the Physics
department of the university, in "The
California Engineering Magazine." A
medium-sized man, standing on one of
the upper platforms, can set the Cam
panile in vibration by shifting his
weight from one side to the other in
the proper rhythm. Of course, the vi
bration only amounts to the thickness
of a sheet of paper and can be ob
served only with the aid of delicate
instruments.

According to figures worked out by
the professor, the upper end of the
tower when vibrating describes an
ellipse about every 1.14 seconds over
an area less than one millimeter in
diameter. Even when the chimes are
sounding, the towner responds with
harmonies or "over-tones" to the ex
tent of 106 tremors a second, amount
ing to .0005 millimeters, and the rise
and fal lof the elevator induces a re
sponse in vibration.
