# Men's Make-Up Classes Started in Encina Gym
## 
### 
Make-up classes for unexcused absences
from men's gymnasium classes arc now
being held at 3 o'clock on Monday, Wed
nesday, and Friday afternoons in the
apparatus room of the Encina Gymna
sium.,
As usual, it will be necessary to take
two hours of work for every hour of
class instruction "cut." C. M. Sprague
is the instructor for the class.
Make-up classes for unexcused absences
from men's gymnasium classes arc now
being held at 3 o'clock on Monday, Wed
nesday, and Friday afternoons in the
apparatus room of the Encina Gymna
sium.,
As usual, it will be necessary to take
two hours of work for every hour of
class instruction "cut." C. M. Sprague
is the instructor for the class.
Make-up classes for unexcused absences
from men's gymnasium classes arc now
being held at 3 o'clock on Monday, Wed
nesday, and Friday afternoons in the
apparatus room of the Encina Gymna
sium.,
As usual, it will be necessary to take
two hours of work for every hour of
class instruction "cut." C. M. Sprague
is the instructor for the class.
Make-up classes for unexcused absences
from men's gymnasium classes arc now
being held at 3 o'clock on Monday, Wed
nesday, and Friday afternoons in the
apparatus room of the Encina Gymna
sium.,
As usual, it will be necessary to take
two hours of work for every hour of
class instruction "cut." C. M. Sprague
is the instructor for the class.
Make-up classes for unexcused absences
from men's gymnasium classes arc now
being held at 3 o'clock on Monday, Wed
nesday, and Friday afternoons in the
apparatus room of the Encina Gymna
sium.,
As usual, it will be necessary to take
two hours of work for every hour of
class instruction "cut." C. M. Sprague
is the instructor for the class.
Make-up classes for unexcused absences
from men's gymnasium classes arc now
being held at 3 o'clock on Monday, Wed
nesday, and Friday afternoons in the
apparatus room of the Encina Gymna
sium.,
As usual, it will be necessary to take
two hours of work for every hour of
class instruction "cut." C. M. Sprague
is the instructor for the class.
Make-up classes for unexcused absences
from men's gymnasium classes arc now
being held at 3 o'clock on Monday, Wed
nesday, and Friday afternoons in the
apparatus room of the Encina Gymna
sium.,
As usual, it will be necessary to take
two hours of work for every hour of
class instruction "cut." C. M. Sprague
is the instructor for the class.
Make-up classes for unexcused absences
from men's gymnasium classes arc now
being held at 3 o'clock on Monday, Wed
nesday, and Friday afternoons in the
apparatus room of the Encina Gymna
sium.,
As usual, it will be necessary to take
two hours of work for every hour of
class instruction "cut." C. M. Sprague
is the instructor for the class.
Make-up classes for unexcused absences
from men's gymnasium classes arc now
being held at 3 o'clock on Monday, Wed
nesday, and Friday afternoons in the
apparatus room of the Encina Gymna
sium.,
As usual, it will be necessary to take
two hours of work for every hour of
class instruction "cut." C. M. Sprague
is the instructor for the class.
Make-up classes for unexcused absences
from men's gymnasium classes arc now
being held at 3 o'clock on Monday, Wed
nesday, and Friday afternoons in the
apparatus room of the Encina Gymna
sium.,
As usual, it will be necessary to take
two hours of work for every hour of
class instruction "cut." C. M. Sprague
is the instructor for the class.
Make-up classes for unexcused absences
from men's gymnasium classes arc now
being held at 3 o'clock on Monday, Wed
nesday, and Friday afternoons in the
apparatus room of the Encina Gymna
sium.,
As usual, it will be necessary to take
two hours of work for every hour of
class instruction "cut." C. M. Sprague
is the instructor for the class.
Make-up classes for unexcused absences
from men's gymnasium classes arc now
being held at 3 o'clock on Monday, Wed
nesday, and Friday afternoons in the
apparatus room of the Encina Gymna
sium.,
As usual, it will be necessary to take
two hours of work for every hour of
class instruction "cut." C. M. Sprague
is the instructor for the class.
Make-up classes for unexcused absences
from men's gymnasium classes arc now
being held at 3 o'clock on Monday, Wed
nesday, and Friday afternoons in the
apparatus room of the Encina Gymna
sium.,
As usual, it will be necessary to take
two hours of work for every hour of
class instruction "cut." C. M. Sprague
is the instructor for the class.
Make-up classes for unexcused absences
from men's gymnasium classes arc now
being held at 3 o'clock on Monday, Wed
nesday, and Friday afternoons in the
apparatus room of the Encina Gymna
sium.,
As usual, it will be necessary to take
two hours of work for every hour of
class instruction "cut." C. M. Sprague
is the instructor for the class.
Make-up classes for unexcused absences
from men's gymnasium classes arc now
being held at 3 o'clock on Monday, Wed
nesday, and Friday afternoons in the
apparatus room of the Encina Gymna
sium.,
As usual, it will be necessary to take
two hours of work for every hour of
class instruction "cut." C. M. Sprague
is the instructor for the class.
