# FUND FOR GRYNSZPAN
## 
### 
The West Coast drive to get funds
for an open hearing for the Jewish
youth, Herschel Grynszpan, who
killed a Nazi embassy aid in Paris,
spread to Los Angeles yesterday.
The West Coast drive to get funds
for an open hearing for the Jewish
youth, Herschel Grynszpan, who
killed a Nazi embassy aid in Paris,
spread to Los Angeles yesterday.
The West Coast drive to get funds
for an open hearing for the Jewish
youth, Herschel Grynszpan, who
killed a Nazi embassy aid in Paris,
spread to Los Angeles yesterday.
The West Coast drive to get funds
for an open hearing for the Jewish
youth, Herschel Grynszpan, who
killed a Nazi embassy aid in Paris,
spread to Los Angeles yesterday.
The West Coast drive to get funds
for an open hearing for the Jewish
youth, Herschel Grynszpan, who
killed a Nazi embassy aid in Paris,
spread to Los Angeles yesterday.
The West Coast drive to get funds
for an open hearing for the Jewish
youth, Herschel Grynszpan, who
killed a Nazi embassy aid in Paris,
spread to Los Angeles yesterday.
The West Coast drive to get funds
for an open hearing for the Jewish
youth, Herschel Grynszpan, who
killed a Nazi embassy aid in Paris,
spread to Los Angeles yesterday.
The West Coast drive to get funds
for an open hearing for the Jewish
youth, Herschel Grynszpan, who
killed a Nazi embassy aid in Paris,
spread to Los Angeles yesterday.
The West Coast drive to get funds
for an open hearing for the Jewish
youth, Herschel Grynszpan, who
killed a Nazi embassy aid in Paris,
spread to Los Angeles yesterday.
The West Coast drive to get funds
for an open hearing for the Jewish
youth, Herschel Grynszpan, who
killed a Nazi embassy aid in Paris,
spread to Los Angeles yesterday.
The West Coast drive to get funds
for an open hearing for the Jewish
youth, Herschel Grynszpan, who
killed a Nazi embassy aid in Paris,
spread to Los Angeles yesterday.
The West Coast drive to get funds
for an open hearing for the Jewish
youth, Herschel Grynszpan, who
killed a Nazi embassy aid in Paris,
spread to Los Angeles yesterday.
The West Coast drive to get funds
for an open hearing for the Jewish
youth, Herschel Grynszpan, who
killed a Nazi embassy aid in Paris,
spread to Los Angeles yesterday.
The West Coast drive to get funds
for an open hearing for the Jewish
youth, Herschel Grynszpan, who
killed a Nazi embassy aid in Paris,
spread to Los Angeles yesterday.
The West Coast drive to get funds
for an open hearing for the Jewish
youth, Herschel Grynszpan, who
killed a Nazi embassy aid in Paris,
spread to Los Angeles yesterday.
