# Only One Stanford On the RR Now
## 
### 
There is now only one Stanford
in California.
And as a result, University
freight and students' trunks ship
ped from the East will not land in
the future, as they have occasion
ally in the past, at a freight sta
tion on the Southern Pacific line
between Sacramento and Reno.
Stanford officials — the ones at
the University and not. at the
freight station—were advised yes
terday by the Southern Pacific
Company that Stanford, the Uni
versity's namesake freight station
in Placer County, near Truckee, is
being abandoned.
There is now only one Stanford
in California.
And as a result, University
freight and students' trunks ship
ped from the East will not land in
the future, as they have occasion
ally in the past, at a freight sta
tion on the Southern Pacific line
between Sacramento and Reno.
Stanford officials — the ones at
the University and not. at the
freight station—were advised yes
terday by the Southern Pacific
Company that Stanford, the Uni
versity's namesake freight station
in Placer County, near Truckee, is
being abandoned.
There is now only one Stanford
in California.
And as a result, University
freight and students' trunks ship
ped from the East will not land in
the future, as they have occasion
ally in the past, at a freight sta
tion on the Southern Pacific line
between Sacramento and Reno.
Stanford officials — the ones at
the University and not. at the
freight station—were advised yes
terday by the Southern Pacific
Company that Stanford, the Uni
versity's namesake freight station
in Placer County, near Truckee, is
being abandoned.
There is now only one Stanford
in California.
And as a result, University
freight and students' trunks ship
ped from the East will not land in
the future, as they have occasion
ally in the past, at a freight sta
tion on the Southern Pacific line
between Sacramento and Reno.
Stanford officials — the ones at
the University and not. at the
freight station—were advised yes
terday by the Southern Pacific
Company that Stanford, the Uni
versity's namesake freight station
in Placer County, near Truckee, is
being abandoned.
There is now only one Stanford
in California.
And as a result, University
freight and students' trunks ship
ped from the East will not land in
the future, as they have occasion
ally in the past, at a freight sta
tion on the Southern Pacific line
between Sacramento and Reno.
Stanford officials — the ones at
the University and not. at the
freight station—were advised yes
terday by the Southern Pacific
Company that Stanford, the Uni
versity's namesake freight station
in Placer County, near Truckee, is
being abandoned.
There is now only one Stanford
in California.
And as a result, University
freight and students' trunks ship
ped from the East will not land in
the future, as they have occasion
ally in the past, at a freight sta
tion on the Southern Pacific line
between Sacramento and Reno.
Stanford officials — the ones at
the University and not. at the
freight station—were advised yes
terday by the Southern Pacific
Company that Stanford, the Uni
versity's namesake freight station
in Placer County, near Truckee, is
being abandoned.
There is now only one Stanford
in California.
And as a result, University
freight and students' trunks ship
ped from the East will not land in
the future, as they have occasion
ally in the past, at a freight sta
tion on the Southern Pacific line
between Sacramento and Reno.
Stanford officials — the ones at
the University and not. at the
freight station—were advised yes
terday by the Southern Pacific
Company that Stanford, the Uni
versity's namesake freight station
in Placer County, near Truckee, is
being abandoned.
There is now only one Stanford
in California.
And as a result, University
freight and students' trunks ship
ped from the East will not land in
the future, as they have occasion
ally in the past, at a freight sta
tion on the Southern Pacific line
between Sacramento and Reno.
Stanford officials — the ones at
the University and not. at the
freight station—were advised yes
terday by the Southern Pacific
Company that Stanford, the Uni
versity's namesake freight station
in Placer County, near Truckee, is
being abandoned.
There is now only one Stanford
in California.
And as a result, University
freight and students' trunks ship
ped from the East will not land in
the future, as they have occasion
ally in the past, at a freight sta
tion on the Southern Pacific line
between Sacramento and Reno.
Stanford officials — the ones at
the University and not. at the
freight station—were advised yes
terday by the Southern Pacific
Company that Stanford, the Uni
versity's namesake freight station
in Placer County, near Truckee, is
being abandoned.
There is now only one Stanford
in California.
And as a result, University
freight and students' trunks ship
ped from the East will not land in
the future, as they have occasion
ally in the past, at a freight sta
tion on the Southern Pacific line
between Sacramento and Reno.
Stanford officials — the ones at
the University and not. at the
freight station—were advised yes
terday by the Southern Pacific
Company that Stanford, the Uni
versity's namesake freight station
in Placer County, near Truckee, is
being abandoned.
There is now only one Stanford
in California.
And as a result, University
freight and students' trunks ship
ped from the East will not land in
the future, as they have occasion
ally in the past, at a freight sta
tion on the Southern Pacific line
between Sacramento and Reno.
Stanford officials — the ones at
the University and not. at the
freight station—were advised yes
terday by the Southern Pacific
Company that Stanford, the Uni
versity's namesake freight station
in Placer County, near Truckee, is
being abandoned.
There is now only one Stanford
in California.
And as a result, University
freight and students' trunks ship
ped from the East will not land in
the future, as they have occasion
ally in the past, at a freight sta
tion on the Southern Pacific line
between Sacramento and Reno.
Stanford officials — the ones at
the University and not. at the
freight station—were advised yes
terday by the Southern Pacific
Company that Stanford, the Uni
versity's namesake freight station
in Placer County, near Truckee, is
being abandoned.
There is now only one Stanford
in California.
And as a result, University
freight and students' trunks ship
ped from the East will not land in
the future, as they have occasion
ally in the past, at a freight sta
tion on the Southern Pacific line
between Sacramento and Reno.
Stanford officials — the ones at
the University and not. at the
freight station—were advised yes
terday by the Southern Pacific
Company that Stanford, the Uni
versity's namesake freight station
in Placer County, near Truckee, is
being abandoned.
There is now only one Stanford
in California.
And as a result, University
freight and students' trunks ship
ped from the East will not land in
the future, as they have occasion
ally in the past, at a freight sta
tion on the Southern Pacific line
between Sacramento and Reno.
Stanford officials — the ones at
the University and not. at the
freight station—were advised yes
terday by the Southern Pacific
Company that Stanford, the Uni
versity's namesake freight station
in Placer County, near Truckee, is
being abandoned.
