# Korean Election Quiet
## 
### 
SEOUL South Korean voters
threw major politcial parties over
board in electing a new National
Assembly yesterday, early returns
indicated today. Whether President
Syngman Hhec still would control
the legislature could not he deter
mined.
The vote was running heavily for
non-partisan or independent candi
dates. This means the new assem
bly will contain many new members
of uncertain political allegiance.
Its complexion will not be known
until after the new session begins
June 19.
SEOUL South Korean voters
threw major politcial parties over
board in electing a new National
Assembly yesterday, early returns
indicated today. Whether President
Syngman Hhec still would control
the legislature could not he deter
mined.
The vote was running heavily for
non-partisan or independent candi
dates. This means the new assem
bly will contain many new members
of uncertain political allegiance.
Its complexion will not be known
until after the new session begins
June 19.
SEOUL South Korean voters
threw major politcial parties over
board in electing a new National
Assembly yesterday, early returns
indicated today. Whether President
Syngman Hhec still would control
the legislature could not he deter
mined.
The vote was running heavily for
non-partisan or independent candi
dates. This means the new assem
bly will contain many new members
of uncertain political allegiance.
Its complexion will not be known
until after the new session begins
June 19.
SEOUL South Korean voters
threw major politcial parties over
board in electing a new National
Assembly yesterday, early returns
indicated today. Whether President
Syngman Hhec still would control
the legislature could not he deter
mined.
The vote was running heavily for
non-partisan or independent candi
dates. This means the new assem
bly will contain many new members
of uncertain political allegiance.
Its complexion will not be known
until after the new session begins
June 19.
SEOUL South Korean voters
threw major politcial parties over
board in electing a new National
Assembly yesterday, early returns
indicated today. Whether President
Syngman Hhec still would control
the legislature could not he deter
mined.
The vote was running heavily for
non-partisan or independent candi
dates. This means the new assem
bly will contain many new members
of uncertain political allegiance.
Its complexion will not be known
until after the new session begins
June 19.
SEOUL South Korean voters
threw major politcial parties over
board in electing a new National
Assembly yesterday, early returns
indicated today. Whether President
Syngman Hhec still would control
the legislature could not he deter
mined.
The vote was running heavily for
non-partisan or independent candi
dates. This means the new assem
bly will contain many new members
of uncertain political allegiance.
Its complexion will not be known
until after the new session begins
June 19.
SEOUL South Korean voters
threw major politcial parties over
board in electing a new National
Assembly yesterday, early returns
indicated today. Whether President
Syngman Hhec still would control
the legislature could not he deter
mined.
The vote was running heavily for
non-partisan or independent candi
dates. This means the new assem
bly will contain many new members
of uncertain political allegiance.
Its complexion will not be known
until after the new session begins
June 19.
SEOUL South Korean voters
threw major politcial parties over
board in electing a new National
Assembly yesterday, early returns
indicated today. Whether President
Syngman Hhec still would control
the legislature could not he deter
mined.
The vote was running heavily for
non-partisan or independent candi
dates. This means the new assem
bly will contain many new members
of uncertain political allegiance.
Its complexion will not be known
until after the new session begins
June 19.
SEOUL South Korean voters
threw major politcial parties over
board in electing a new National
Assembly yesterday, early returns
indicated today. Whether President
Syngman Hhec still would control
the legislature could not he deter
mined.
The vote was running heavily for
non-partisan or independent candi
dates. This means the new assem
bly will contain many new members
of uncertain political allegiance.
Its complexion will not be known
until after the new session begins
June 19.
SEOUL South Korean voters
threw major politcial parties over
board in electing a new National
Assembly yesterday, early returns
indicated today. Whether President
Syngman Hhec still would control
the legislature could not he deter
mined.
The vote was running heavily for
non-partisan or independent candi
dates. This means the new assem
bly will contain many new members
of uncertain political allegiance.
Its complexion will not be known
until after the new session begins
June 19.
SEOUL South Korean voters
threw major politcial parties over
board in electing a new National
Assembly yesterday, early returns
indicated today. Whether President
Syngman Hhec still would control
the legislature could not he deter
mined.
The vote was running heavily for
non-partisan or independent candi
dates. This means the new assem
bly will contain many new members
of uncertain political allegiance.
Its complexion will not be known
until after the new session begins
June 19.
SEOUL South Korean voters
threw major politcial parties over
board in electing a new National
Assembly yesterday, early returns
indicated today. Whether President
Syngman Hhec still would control
the legislature could not he deter
mined.
The vote was running heavily for
non-partisan or independent candi
dates. This means the new assem
bly will contain many new members
of uncertain political allegiance.
Its complexion will not be known
until after the new session begins
June 19.
SEOUL South Korean voters
threw major politcial parties over
board in electing a new National
Assembly yesterday, early returns
indicated today. Whether President
Syngman Hhec still would control
the legislature could not he deter
mined.
The vote was running heavily for
non-partisan or independent candi
dates. This means the new assem
bly will contain many new members
of uncertain political allegiance.
Its complexion will not be known
until after the new session begins
June 19.
SEOUL South Korean voters
threw major politcial parties over
board in electing a new National
Assembly yesterday, early returns
indicated today. Whether President
Syngman Hhec still would control
the legislature could not he deter
mined.
The vote was running heavily for
non-partisan or independent candi
dates. This means the new assem
bly will contain many new members
of uncertain political allegiance.
Its complexion will not be known
until after the new session begins
June 19.
