# Prof to Address Research Group
## 
### 
Dr. Karl Klotter, acting associate
professor of mechanical engineer
ing, will address the Naval Research
Unit tonight at 8 in Room 280, En
gineering Building.
Dr. Klotter, whose specialty is the
application of mathematics lo engi
neering problems involving vibra
tion, is professor of mathematics at
the University of Karlsruhe, Ger
many.
The subject of his speech will be
"Modern Aspects of Vibration
Problems in Engineering," The
meeting is open to (he public.
Dr. Karl Klotter, acting associate
professor of mechanical engineer
ing, will address the Naval Research
Unit tonight at 8 in Room 280, En
gineering Building.
Dr. Klotter, whose specialty is the
application of mathematics lo engi
neering problems involving vibra
tion, is professor of mathematics at
the University of Karlsruhe, Ger
many.
The subject of his speech will be
"Modern Aspects of Vibration
Problems in Engineering," The
meeting is open to (he public.
Dr. Karl Klotter, acting associate
professor of mechanical engineer
ing, will address the Naval Research
Unit tonight at 8 in Room 280, En
gineering Building.
Dr. Klotter, whose specialty is the
application of mathematics lo engi
neering problems involving vibra
tion, is professor of mathematics at
the University of Karlsruhe, Ger
many.
The subject of his speech will be
"Modern Aspects of Vibration
Problems in Engineering," The
meeting is open to (he public.
Dr. Karl Klotter, acting associate
professor of mechanical engineer
ing, will address the Naval Research
Unit tonight at 8 in Room 280, En
gineering Building.
Dr. Klotter, whose specialty is the
application of mathematics lo engi
neering problems involving vibra
tion, is professor of mathematics at
the University of Karlsruhe, Ger
many.
The subject of his speech will be
"Modern Aspects of Vibration
Problems in Engineering," The
meeting is open to (he public.
Dr. Karl Klotter, acting associate
professor of mechanical engineer
ing, will address the Naval Research
Unit tonight at 8 in Room 280, En
gineering Building.
Dr. Klotter, whose specialty is the
application of mathematics lo engi
neering problems involving vibra
tion, is professor of mathematics at
the University of Karlsruhe, Ger
many.
The subject of his speech will be
"Modern Aspects of Vibration
Problems in Engineering," The
meeting is open to (he public.
Dr. Karl Klotter, acting associate
professor of mechanical engineer
ing, will address the Naval Research
Unit tonight at 8 in Room 280, En
gineering Building.
Dr. Klotter, whose specialty is the
application of mathematics lo engi
neering problems involving vibra
tion, is professor of mathematics at
the University of Karlsruhe, Ger
many.
The subject of his speech will be
"Modern Aspects of Vibration
Problems in Engineering," The
meeting is open to (he public.
Dr. Karl Klotter, acting associate
professor of mechanical engineer
ing, will address the Naval Research
Unit tonight at 8 in Room 280, En
gineering Building.
Dr. Klotter, whose specialty is the
application of mathematics lo engi
neering problems involving vibra
tion, is professor of mathematics at
the University of Karlsruhe, Ger
many.
The subject of his speech will be
"Modern Aspects of Vibration
Problems in Engineering," The
meeting is open to (he public.
Dr. Karl Klotter, acting associate
professor of mechanical engineer
ing, will address the Naval Research
Unit tonight at 8 in Room 280, En
gineering Building.
Dr. Klotter, whose specialty is the
application of mathematics lo engi
neering problems involving vibra
tion, is professor of mathematics at
the University of Karlsruhe, Ger
many.
The subject of his speech will be
"Modern Aspects of Vibration
Problems in Engineering," The
meeting is open to (he public.
Dr. Karl Klotter, acting associate
professor of mechanical engineer
ing, will address the Naval Research
Unit tonight at 8 in Room 280, En
gineering Building.
Dr. Klotter, whose specialty is the
application of mathematics lo engi
neering problems involving vibra
tion, is professor of mathematics at
the University of Karlsruhe, Ger
many.
The subject of his speech will be
"Modern Aspects of Vibration
Problems in Engineering," The
meeting is open to (he public.
Dr. Karl Klotter, acting associate
professor of mechanical engineer
ing, will address the Naval Research
Unit tonight at 8 in Room 280, En
gineering Building.
Dr. Klotter, whose specialty is the
application of mathematics lo engi
neering problems involving vibra
tion, is professor of mathematics at
the University of Karlsruhe, Ger
many.
The subject of his speech will be
"Modern Aspects of Vibration
Problems in Engineering," The
meeting is open to (he public.
Dr. Karl Klotter, acting associate
professor of mechanical engineer
ing, will address the Naval Research
Unit tonight at 8 in Room 280, En
gineering Building.
Dr. Klotter, whose specialty is the
application of mathematics lo engi
neering problems involving vibra
tion, is professor of mathematics at
the University of Karlsruhe, Ger
many.
The subject of his speech will be
"Modern Aspects of Vibration
Problems in Engineering," The
meeting is open to (he public.
Dr. Karl Klotter, acting associate
professor of mechanical engineer
ing, will address the Naval Research
Unit tonight at 8 in Room 280, En
gineering Building.
Dr. Klotter, whose specialty is the
application of mathematics lo engi
neering problems involving vibra
tion, is professor of mathematics at
the University of Karlsruhe, Ger
many.
The subject of his speech will be
"Modern Aspects of Vibration
Problems in Engineering," The
meeting is open to (he public.
Dr. Karl Klotter, acting associate
professor of mechanical engineer
ing, will address the Naval Research
Unit tonight at 8 in Room 280, En
gineering Building.
Dr. Klotter, whose specialty is the
application of mathematics lo engi
neering problems involving vibra
tion, is professor of mathematics at
the University of Karlsruhe, Ger
many.
The subject of his speech will be
"Modern Aspects of Vibration
Problems in Engineering," The
meeting is open to (he public.
Dr. Karl Klotter, acting associate
professor of mechanical engineer
ing, will address the Naval Research
Unit tonight at 8 in Room 280, En
gineering Building.
Dr. Klotter, whose specialty is the
application of mathematics lo engi
neering problems involving vibra
tion, is professor of mathematics at
the University of Karlsruhe, Ger
many.
The subject of his speech will be
"Modern Aspects of Vibration
Problems in Engineering," The
meeting is open to (he public.
