# INSULL JOKES WITH GRANDSON
## 
### 

Three Samuel Insulls are shown in this picture taken at a Chicago
hospital where Samuel Insull, sr., rested after his release on bond from
jail. The little fellow, shown presenting a flower to his grandfather, is
three-year-old Samuel Insull 111, son of Sampel Insull, jr. The elder
Insull, who had not seen his grandson for two years, joked with the
ladand gave him a dime. (Associated Press Photo)

Three Samuel Insulls are shown in this picture taken at a Chicago
hospital where Samuel Insull, sr., rested after his release on bond from
jail. The little fellow, shown presenting a flower to his grandfather, is
three-year-old Samuel Insull 111, son of Sampel Insull, jr. The elder
Insull, who had not seen his grandson for two years, joked with the
ladand gave him a dime. (Associated Press Photo)

Three Samuel Insulls are shown in this picture taken at a Chicago
hospital where Samuel Insull, sr., rested after his release on bond from
jail. The little fellow, shown presenting a flower to his grandfather, is
three-year-old Samuel Insull 111, son of Sampel Insull, jr. The elder
Insull, who had not seen his grandson for two years, joked with the
ladand gave him a dime. (Associated Press Photo)

Three Samuel Insulls are shown in this picture taken at a Chicago
hospital where Samuel Insull, sr., rested after his release on bond from
jail. The little fellow, shown presenting a flower to his grandfather, is
three-year-old Samuel Insull 111, son of Sampel Insull, jr. The elder
Insull, who had not seen his grandson for two years, joked with the
ladand gave him a dime. (Associated Press Photo)

Three Samuel Insulls are shown in this picture taken at a Chicago
hospital where Samuel Insull, sr., rested after his release on bond from
jail. The little fellow, shown presenting a flower to his grandfather, is
three-year-old Samuel Insull 111, son of Sampel Insull, jr. The elder
Insull, who had not seen his grandson for two years, joked with the
ladand gave him a dime. (Associated Press Photo)

Three Samuel Insulls are shown in this picture taken at a Chicago
hospital where Samuel Insull, sr., rested after his release on bond from
jail. The little fellow, shown presenting a flower to his grandfather, is
three-year-old Samuel Insull 111, son of Sampel Insull, jr. The elder
Insull, who had not seen his grandson for two years, joked with the
ladand gave him a dime. (Associated Press Photo)

Three Samuel Insulls are shown in this picture taken at a Chicago
hospital where Samuel Insull, sr., rested after his release on bond from
jail. The little fellow, shown presenting a flower to his grandfather, is
three-year-old Samuel Insull 111, son of Sampel Insull, jr. The elder
Insull, who had not seen his grandson for two years, joked with the
ladand gave him a dime. (Associated Press Photo)

Three Samuel Insulls are shown in this picture taken at a Chicago
hospital where Samuel Insull, sr., rested after his release on bond from
jail. The little fellow, shown presenting a flower to his grandfather, is
three-year-old Samuel Insull 111, son of Sampel Insull, jr. The elder
Insull, who had not seen his grandson for two years, joked with the
ladand gave him a dime. (Associated Press Photo)

Three Samuel Insulls are shown in this picture taken at a Chicago
hospital where Samuel Insull, sr., rested after his release on bond from
jail. The little fellow, shown presenting a flower to his grandfather, is
three-year-old Samuel Insull 111, son of Sampel Insull, jr. The elder
Insull, who had not seen his grandson for two years, joked with the
ladand gave him a dime. (Associated Press Photo)

Three Samuel Insulls are shown in this picture taken at a Chicago
hospital where Samuel Insull, sr., rested after his release on bond from
jail. The little fellow, shown presenting a flower to his grandfather, is
three-year-old Samuel Insull 111, son of Sampel Insull, jr. The elder
Insull, who had not seen his grandson for two years, joked with the
ladand gave him a dime. (Associated Press Photo)

Three Samuel Insulls are shown in this picture taken at a Chicago
hospital where Samuel Insull, sr., rested after his release on bond from
jail. The little fellow, shown presenting a flower to his grandfather, is
three-year-old Samuel Insull 111, son of Sampel Insull, jr. The elder
Insull, who had not seen his grandson for two years, joked with the
ladand gave him a dime. (Associated Press Photo)

Three Samuel Insulls are shown in this picture taken at a Chicago
hospital where Samuel Insull, sr., rested after his release on bond from
jail. The little fellow, shown presenting a flower to his grandfather, is
three-year-old Samuel Insull 111, son of Sampel Insull, jr. The elder
Insull, who had not seen his grandson for two years, joked with the
ladand gave him a dime. (Associated Press Photo)

Three Samuel Insulls are shown in this picture taken at a Chicago
hospital where Samuel Insull, sr., rested after his release on bond from
jail. The little fellow, shown presenting a flower to his grandfather, is
three-year-old Samuel Insull 111, son of Sampel Insull, jr. The elder
Insull, who had not seen his grandson for two years, joked with the
ladand gave him a dime. (Associated Press Photo)

Three Samuel Insulls are shown in this picture taken at a Chicago
hospital where Samuel Insull, sr., rested after his release on bond from
jail. The little fellow, shown presenting a flower to his grandfather, is
three-year-old Samuel Insull 111, son of Sampel Insull, jr. The elder
Insull, who had not seen his grandson for two years, joked with the
ladand gave him a dime. (Associated Press Photo)

Three Samuel Insulls are shown in this picture taken at a Chicago
hospital where Samuel Insull, sr., rested after his release on bond from
jail. The little fellow, shown presenting a flower to his grandfather, is
three-year-old Samuel Insull 111, son of Sampel Insull, jr. The elder
Insull, who had not seen his grandson for two years, joked with the
ladand gave him a dime. (Associated Press Photo)
