# Chester Rowell To Talk On German Affairs Today
## 
### 
"Current Affairs in Germany" will
be the topic for this week's lecture
by Chester Rowell. editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle, this afternoon
in Room 214 from 1:15 to o o'clock.
Today's lecture by the eminent
journalist will be one of the inter
esting and vital talks of his Monday
afternoon lectures which Rowell has
been conducting this quarter.
"Current Affairs in Germany" will
be the topic for this week's lecture
by Chester Rowell. editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle, this afternoon
in Room 214 from 1:15 to o o'clock.
Today's lecture by the eminent
journalist will be one of the inter
esting and vital talks of his Monday
afternoon lectures which Rowell has
been conducting this quarter.
"Current Affairs in Germany" will
be the topic for this week's lecture
by Chester Rowell. editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle, this afternoon
in Room 214 from 1:15 to o o'clock.
Today's lecture by the eminent
journalist will be one of the inter
esting and vital talks of his Monday
afternoon lectures which Rowell has
been conducting this quarter.
"Current Affairs in Germany" will
be the topic for this week's lecture
by Chester Rowell. editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle, this afternoon
in Room 214 from 1:15 to o o'clock.
Today's lecture by the eminent
journalist will be one of the inter
esting and vital talks of his Monday
afternoon lectures which Rowell has
been conducting this quarter.
"Current Affairs in Germany" will
be the topic for this week's lecture
by Chester Rowell. editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle, this afternoon
in Room 214 from 1:15 to o o'clock.
Today's lecture by the eminent
journalist will be one of the inter
esting and vital talks of his Monday
afternoon lectures which Rowell has
been conducting this quarter.
"Current Affairs in Germany" will
be the topic for this week's lecture
by Chester Rowell. editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle, this afternoon
in Room 214 from 1:15 to o o'clock.
Today's lecture by the eminent
journalist will be one of the inter
esting and vital talks of his Monday
afternoon lectures which Rowell has
been conducting this quarter.
"Current Affairs in Germany" will
be the topic for this week's lecture
by Chester Rowell. editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle, this afternoon
in Room 214 from 1:15 to o o'clock.
Today's lecture by the eminent
journalist will be one of the inter
esting and vital talks of his Monday
afternoon lectures which Rowell has
been conducting this quarter.
"Current Affairs in Germany" will
be the topic for this week's lecture
by Chester Rowell. editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle, this afternoon
in Room 214 from 1:15 to o o'clock.
Today's lecture by the eminent
journalist will be one of the inter
esting and vital talks of his Monday
afternoon lectures which Rowell has
been conducting this quarter.
"Current Affairs in Germany" will
be the topic for this week's lecture
by Chester Rowell. editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle, this afternoon
in Room 214 from 1:15 to o o'clock.
Today's lecture by the eminent
journalist will be one of the inter
esting and vital talks of his Monday
afternoon lectures which Rowell has
been conducting this quarter.
"Current Affairs in Germany" will
be the topic for this week's lecture
by Chester Rowell. editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle, this afternoon
in Room 214 from 1:15 to o o'clock.
Today's lecture by the eminent
journalist will be one of the inter
esting and vital talks of his Monday
afternoon lectures which Rowell has
been conducting this quarter.
"Current Affairs in Germany" will
be the topic for this week's lecture
by Chester Rowell. editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle, this afternoon
in Room 214 from 1:15 to o o'clock.
Today's lecture by the eminent
journalist will be one of the inter
esting and vital talks of his Monday
afternoon lectures which Rowell has
been conducting this quarter.
"Current Affairs in Germany" will
be the topic for this week's lecture
by Chester Rowell. editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle, this afternoon
in Room 214 from 1:15 to o o'clock.
Today's lecture by the eminent
journalist will be one of the inter
esting and vital talks of his Monday
afternoon lectures which Rowell has
been conducting this quarter.
"Current Affairs in Germany" will
be the topic for this week's lecture
by Chester Rowell. editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle, this afternoon
in Room 214 from 1:15 to o o'clock.
Today's lecture by the eminent
journalist will be one of the inter
esting and vital talks of his Monday
afternoon lectures which Rowell has
been conducting this quarter.
"Current Affairs in Germany" will
be the topic for this week's lecture
by Chester Rowell. editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle, this afternoon
in Room 214 from 1:15 to o o'clock.
Today's lecture by the eminent
journalist will be one of the inter
esting and vital talks of his Monday
afternoon lectures which Rowell has
been conducting this quarter.
"Current Affairs in Germany" will
be the topic for this week's lecture
by Chester Rowell. editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle, this afternoon
in Room 214 from 1:15 to o o'clock.
Today's lecture by the eminent
journalist will be one of the inter
esting and vital talks of his Monday
afternoon lectures which Rowell has
been conducting this quarter.
