# A.A.U.W. To Gather Here
## 
### 
Members of the American Asso
ciation of University Women will
hold their annual convention on the
campus next Friday and Saturday.
Mrs. J. E. Coover will replace
Mrs. J. E. McDowell as president,
at a buffet luncheon at noon on
Friday in the Stanford Union. Pro
fessor T. J. Kreps of the Business
School will speak.
At dinner on Friday night the
speaker will be President Wilbur.
Saturday's activities will include
luncheon, during which Professor
Percy Martin will speak on Latin
America, and dinner at which Pro
fessors Ralph Lutz, Graham Stuart,
and Peter Odegard will speak.
Members of the American Asso
ciation of University Women will
hold their annual convention on the
campus next Friday and Saturday.
Mrs. J. E. Coover will replace
Mrs. J. E. McDowell as president,
at a buffet luncheon at noon on
Friday in the Stanford Union. Pro
fessor T. J. Kreps of the Business
School will speak.
At dinner on Friday night the
speaker will be President Wilbur.
Saturday's activities will include
luncheon, during which Professor
Percy Martin will speak on Latin
America, and dinner at which Pro
fessors Ralph Lutz, Graham Stuart,
and Peter Odegard will speak.
Members of the American Asso
ciation of University Women will
hold their annual convention on the
campus next Friday and Saturday.
Mrs. J. E. Coover will replace
Mrs. J. E. McDowell as president,
at a buffet luncheon at noon on
Friday in the Stanford Union. Pro
fessor T. J. Kreps of the Business
School will speak.
At dinner on Friday night the
speaker will be President Wilbur.
Saturday's activities will include
luncheon, during which Professor
Percy Martin will speak on Latin
America, and dinner at which Pro
fessors Ralph Lutz, Graham Stuart,
and Peter Odegard will speak.
Members of the American Asso
ciation of University Women will
hold their annual convention on the
campus next Friday and Saturday.
Mrs. J. E. Coover will replace
Mrs. J. E. McDowell as president,
at a buffet luncheon at noon on
Friday in the Stanford Union. Pro
fessor T. J. Kreps of the Business
School will speak.
At dinner on Friday night the
speaker will be President Wilbur.
Saturday's activities will include
luncheon, during which Professor
Percy Martin will speak on Latin
America, and dinner at which Pro
fessors Ralph Lutz, Graham Stuart,
and Peter Odegard will speak.
Members of the American Asso
ciation of University Women will
hold their annual convention on the
campus next Friday and Saturday.
Mrs. J. E. Coover will replace
Mrs. J. E. McDowell as president,
at a buffet luncheon at noon on
Friday in the Stanford Union. Pro
fessor T. J. Kreps of the Business
School will speak.
At dinner on Friday night the
speaker will be President Wilbur.
Saturday's activities will include
luncheon, during which Professor
Percy Martin will speak on Latin
America, and dinner at which Pro
fessors Ralph Lutz, Graham Stuart,
and Peter Odegard will speak.
Members of the American Asso
ciation of University Women will
hold their annual convention on the
campus next Friday and Saturday.
Mrs. J. E. Coover will replace
Mrs. J. E. McDowell as president,
at a buffet luncheon at noon on
Friday in the Stanford Union. Pro
fessor T. J. Kreps of the Business
School will speak.
At dinner on Friday night the
speaker will be President Wilbur.
Saturday's activities will include
luncheon, during which Professor
Percy Martin will speak on Latin
America, and dinner at which Pro
fessors Ralph Lutz, Graham Stuart,
and Peter Odegard will speak.
Members of the American Asso
ciation of University Women will
hold their annual convention on the
campus next Friday and Saturday.
Mrs. J. E. Coover will replace
Mrs. J. E. McDowell as president,
at a buffet luncheon at noon on
Friday in the Stanford Union. Pro
fessor T. J. Kreps of the Business
School will speak.
At dinner on Friday night the
speaker will be President Wilbur.
Saturday's activities will include
luncheon, during which Professor
Percy Martin will speak on Latin
America, and dinner at which Pro
fessors Ralph Lutz, Graham Stuart,
and Peter Odegard will speak.
Members of the American Asso
ciation of University Women will
hold their annual convention on the
campus next Friday and Saturday.
Mrs. J. E. Coover will replace
Mrs. J. E. McDowell as president,
at a buffet luncheon at noon on
Friday in the Stanford Union. Pro
fessor T. J. Kreps of the Business
School will speak.
At dinner on Friday night the
speaker will be President Wilbur.
Saturday's activities will include
luncheon, during which Professor
Percy Martin will speak on Latin
America, and dinner at which Pro
fessors Ralph Lutz, Graham Stuart,
and Peter Odegard will speak.
Members of the American Asso
ciation of University Women will
hold their annual convention on the
campus next Friday and Saturday.
Mrs. J. E. Coover will replace
Mrs. J. E. McDowell as president,
at a buffet luncheon at noon on
Friday in the Stanford Union. Pro
fessor T. J. Kreps of the Business
School will speak.
At dinner on Friday night the
speaker will be President Wilbur.
Saturday's activities will include
luncheon, during which Professor
Percy Martin will speak on Latin
America, and dinner at which Pro
fessors Ralph Lutz, Graham Stuart,
and Peter Odegard will speak.
Members of the American Asso
ciation of University Women will
hold their annual convention on the
campus next Friday and Saturday.
Mrs. J. E. Coover will replace
Mrs. J. E. McDowell as president,
at a buffet luncheon at noon on
Friday in the Stanford Union. Pro
fessor T. J. Kreps of the Business
School will speak.
At dinner on Friday night the
speaker will be President Wilbur.
Saturday's activities will include
luncheon, during which Professor
Percy Martin will speak on Latin
America, and dinner at which Pro
fessors Ralph Lutz, Graham Stuart,
and Peter Odegard will speak.
Members of the American Asso
ciation of University Women will
hold their annual convention on the
campus next Friday and Saturday.
Mrs. J. E. Coover will replace
Mrs. J. E. McDowell as president,
at a buffet luncheon at noon on
Friday in the Stanford Union. Pro
fessor T. J. Kreps of the Business
School will speak.
At dinner on Friday night the
speaker will be President Wilbur.
Saturday's activities will include
luncheon, during which Professor
Percy Martin will speak on Latin
America, and dinner at which Pro
fessors Ralph Lutz, Graham Stuart,
and Peter Odegard will speak.
Members of the American Asso
ciation of University Women will
hold their annual convention on the
campus next Friday and Saturday.
Mrs. J. E. Coover will replace
Mrs. J. E. McDowell as president,
at a buffet luncheon at noon on
Friday in the Stanford Union. Pro
fessor T. J. Kreps of the Business
School will speak.
At dinner on Friday night the
speaker will be President Wilbur.
Saturday's activities will include
luncheon, during which Professor
Percy Martin will speak on Latin
America, and dinner at which Pro
fessors Ralph Lutz, Graham Stuart,
and Peter Odegard will speak.
Members of the American Asso
ciation of University Women will
hold their annual convention on the
campus next Friday and Saturday.
Mrs. J. E. Coover will replace
Mrs. J. E. McDowell as president,
at a buffet luncheon at noon on
Friday in the Stanford Union. Pro
fessor T. J. Kreps of the Business
School will speak.
At dinner on Friday night the
speaker will be President Wilbur.
Saturday's activities will include
luncheon, during which Professor
Percy Martin will speak on Latin
America, and dinner at which Pro
fessors Ralph Lutz, Graham Stuart,
and Peter Odegard will speak.
Members of the American Asso
ciation of University Women will
hold their annual convention on the
campus next Friday and Saturday.
Mrs. J. E. Coover will replace
Mrs. J. E. McDowell as president,
at a buffet luncheon at noon on
Friday in the Stanford Union. Pro
fessor T. J. Kreps of the Business
School will speak.
At dinner on Friday night the
speaker will be President Wilbur.
Saturday's activities will include
luncheon, during which Professor
Percy Martin will speak on Latin
America, and dinner at which Pro
fessors Ralph Lutz, Graham Stuart,
and Peter Odegard will speak.
Members of the American Asso
ciation of University Women will
hold their annual convention on the
campus next Friday and Saturday.
Mrs. J. E. Coover will replace
Mrs. J. E. McDowell as president,
at a buffet luncheon at noon on
Friday in the Stanford Union. Pro
fessor T. J. Kreps of the Business
School will speak.
At dinner on Friday night the
speaker will be President Wilbur.
Saturday's activities will include
luncheon, during which Professor
Percy Martin will speak on Latin
America, and dinner at which Pro
fessors Ralph Lutz, Graham Stuart,
and Peter Odegard will speak.
