# SURVEY SHOWS BILLIONS
## 
### 
CHICAGO, May 20 (A 3 ). —Billions
of dollars in property is shielded
from the tax collectors by legal ex
emptions in the various states, a sur
vey today disclosed; and two move
ments regarding this vast tax free
aggregate subsist, sometimes-side by
side. One would remove or curtail
drastically the amount of property
which bows not to the tax collectors'
demand. The other would increase
exemptions, particularly on the small
housch older.
CHICAGO, May 20 (A 3 ). —Billions
of dollars in property is shielded
from the tax collectors by legal ex
emptions in the various states, a sur
vey today disclosed; and two move
ments regarding this vast tax free
aggregate subsist, sometimes-side by
side. One would remove or curtail
drastically the amount of property
which bows not to the tax collectors'
demand. The other would increase
exemptions, particularly on the small
housch older.
CHICAGO, May 20 (A 3 ). —Billions
of dollars in property is shielded
from the tax collectors by legal ex
emptions in the various states, a sur
vey today disclosed; and two move
ments regarding this vast tax free
aggregate subsist, sometimes-side by
side. One would remove or curtail
drastically the amount of property
which bows not to the tax collectors'
demand. The other would increase
exemptions, particularly on the small
housch older.
CHICAGO, May 20 (A 3 ). —Billions
of dollars in property is shielded
from the tax collectors by legal ex
emptions in the various states, a sur
vey today disclosed; and two move
ments regarding this vast tax free
aggregate subsist, sometimes-side by
side. One would remove or curtail
drastically the amount of property
which bows not to the tax collectors'
demand. The other would increase
exemptions, particularly on the small
housch older.
CHICAGO, May 20 (A 3 ). —Billions
of dollars in property is shielded
from the tax collectors by legal ex
emptions in the various states, a sur
vey today disclosed; and two move
ments regarding this vast tax free
aggregate subsist, sometimes-side by
side. One would remove or curtail
drastically the amount of property
which bows not to the tax collectors'
demand. The other would increase
exemptions, particularly on the small
housch older.
CHICAGO, May 20 (A 3 ). —Billions
of dollars in property is shielded
from the tax collectors by legal ex
emptions in the various states, a sur
vey today disclosed; and two move
ments regarding this vast tax free
aggregate subsist, sometimes-side by
side. One would remove or curtail
drastically the amount of property
which bows not to the tax collectors'
demand. The other would increase
exemptions, particularly on the small
housch older.
CHICAGO, May 20 (A 3 ). —Billions
of dollars in property is shielded
from the tax collectors by legal ex
emptions in the various states, a sur
vey today disclosed; and two move
ments regarding this vast tax free
aggregate subsist, sometimes-side by
side. One would remove or curtail
drastically the amount of property
which bows not to the tax collectors'
demand. The other would increase
exemptions, particularly on the small
housch older.
CHICAGO, May 20 (A 3 ). —Billions
of dollars in property is shielded
from the tax collectors by legal ex
emptions in the various states, a sur
vey today disclosed; and two move
ments regarding this vast tax free
aggregate subsist, sometimes-side by
side. One would remove or curtail
drastically the amount of property
which bows not to the tax collectors'
demand. The other would increase
exemptions, particularly on the small
housch older.
CHICAGO, May 20 (A 3 ). —Billions
of dollars in property is shielded
from the tax collectors by legal ex
emptions in the various states, a sur
vey today disclosed; and two move
ments regarding this vast tax free
aggregate subsist, sometimes-side by
side. One would remove or curtail
drastically the amount of property
which bows not to the tax collectors'
demand. The other would increase
exemptions, particularly on the small
housch older.
CHICAGO, May 20 (A 3 ). —Billions
of dollars in property is shielded
from the tax collectors by legal ex
emptions in the various states, a sur
vey today disclosed; and two move
ments regarding this vast tax free
aggregate subsist, sometimes-side by
side. One would remove or curtail
drastically the amount of property
which bows not to the tax collectors'
demand. The other would increase
exemptions, particularly on the small
housch older.
CHICAGO, May 20 (A 3 ). —Billions
of dollars in property is shielded
from the tax collectors by legal ex
emptions in the various states, a sur
vey today disclosed; and two move
ments regarding this vast tax free
aggregate subsist, sometimes-side by
side. One would remove or curtail
drastically the amount of property
which bows not to the tax collectors'
demand. The other would increase
exemptions, particularly on the small
housch older.
CHICAGO, May 20 (A 3 ). —Billions
of dollars in property is shielded
from the tax collectors by legal ex
emptions in the various states, a sur
vey today disclosed; and two move
ments regarding this vast tax free
aggregate subsist, sometimes-side by
side. One would remove or curtail
drastically the amount of property
which bows not to the tax collectors'
demand. The other would increase
exemptions, particularly on the small
housch older.
CHICAGO, May 20 (A 3 ). —Billions
of dollars in property is shielded
from the tax collectors by legal ex
emptions in the various states, a sur
vey today disclosed; and two move
ments regarding this vast tax free
aggregate subsist, sometimes-side by
side. One would remove or curtail
drastically the amount of property
which bows not to the tax collectors'
demand. The other would increase
exemptions, particularly on the small
housch older.
CHICAGO, May 20 (A 3 ). —Billions
of dollars in property is shielded
from the tax collectors by legal ex
emptions in the various states, a sur
vey today disclosed; and two move
ments regarding this vast tax free
aggregate subsist, sometimes-side by
side. One would remove or curtail
drastically the amount of property
which bows not to the tax collectors'
demand. The other would increase
exemptions, particularly on the small
housch older.
CHICAGO, May 20 (A 3 ). —Billions
of dollars in property is shielded
from the tax collectors by legal ex
emptions in the various states, a sur
vey today disclosed; and two move
ments regarding this vast tax free
aggregate subsist, sometimes-side by
side. One would remove or curtail
drastically the amount of property
which bows not to the tax collectors'
demand. The other would increase
exemptions, particularly on the small
housch older.
