# Execution Squad Active in Cuba
## 
### 
HAVANA (UPI) The Fidel Cas
tro firing squads resumed opera
tions yesterday with the pre dawn
execution of two youths convicted
of counter-revolutionary crimes.
The executions of Rigoberto
Hernandez Estevez and Rolando
Tamargo Gutierrez were the first
in Cuba since Jan. 20 but the 13th
and 11th since the start of the
year. They were charged with
illegal possession of arms and ex
plosives.
HAVANA (UPI) The Fidel Cas
tro firing squads resumed opera
tions yesterday with the pre dawn
execution of two youths convicted
of counter-revolutionary crimes.
The executions of Rigoberto
Hernandez Estevez and Rolando
Tamargo Gutierrez were the first
in Cuba since Jan. 20 but the 13th
and 11th since the start of the
year. They were charged with
illegal possession of arms and ex
plosives.
HAVANA (UPI) The Fidel Cas
tro firing squads resumed opera
tions yesterday with the pre dawn
execution of two youths convicted
of counter-revolutionary crimes.
The executions of Rigoberto
Hernandez Estevez and Rolando
Tamargo Gutierrez were the first
in Cuba since Jan. 20 but the 13th
and 11th since the start of the
year. They were charged with
illegal possession of arms and ex
plosives.
HAVANA (UPI) The Fidel Cas
tro firing squads resumed opera
tions yesterday with the pre dawn
execution of two youths convicted
of counter-revolutionary crimes.
The executions of Rigoberto
Hernandez Estevez and Rolando
Tamargo Gutierrez were the first
in Cuba since Jan. 20 but the 13th
and 11th since the start of the
year. They were charged with
illegal possession of arms and ex
plosives.
HAVANA (UPI) The Fidel Cas
tro firing squads resumed opera
tions yesterday with the pre dawn
execution of two youths convicted
of counter-revolutionary crimes.
The executions of Rigoberto
Hernandez Estevez and Rolando
Tamargo Gutierrez were the first
in Cuba since Jan. 20 but the 13th
and 11th since the start of the
year. They were charged with
illegal possession of arms and ex
plosives.
HAVANA (UPI) The Fidel Cas
tro firing squads resumed opera
tions yesterday with the pre dawn
execution of two youths convicted
of counter-revolutionary crimes.
The executions of Rigoberto
Hernandez Estevez and Rolando
Tamargo Gutierrez were the first
in Cuba since Jan. 20 but the 13th
and 11th since the start of the
year. They were charged with
illegal possession of arms and ex
plosives.
HAVANA (UPI) The Fidel Cas
tro firing squads resumed opera
tions yesterday with the pre dawn
execution of two youths convicted
of counter-revolutionary crimes.
The executions of Rigoberto
Hernandez Estevez and Rolando
Tamargo Gutierrez were the first
in Cuba since Jan. 20 but the 13th
and 11th since the start of the
year. They were charged with
illegal possession of arms and ex
plosives.
HAVANA (UPI) The Fidel Cas
tro firing squads resumed opera
tions yesterday with the pre dawn
execution of two youths convicted
of counter-revolutionary crimes.
The executions of Rigoberto
Hernandez Estevez and Rolando
Tamargo Gutierrez were the first
in Cuba since Jan. 20 but the 13th
and 11th since the start of the
year. They were charged with
illegal possession of arms and ex
plosives.
HAVANA (UPI) The Fidel Cas
tro firing squads resumed opera
tions yesterday with the pre dawn
execution of two youths convicted
of counter-revolutionary crimes.
The executions of Rigoberto
Hernandez Estevez and Rolando
Tamargo Gutierrez were the first
in Cuba since Jan. 20 but the 13th
and 11th since the start of the
year. They were charged with
illegal possession of arms and ex
plosives.
HAVANA (UPI) The Fidel Cas
tro firing squads resumed opera
tions yesterday with the pre dawn
execution of two youths convicted
of counter-revolutionary crimes.
The executions of Rigoberto
Hernandez Estevez and Rolando
Tamargo Gutierrez were the first
in Cuba since Jan. 20 but the 13th
and 11th since the start of the
year. They were charged with
illegal possession of arms and ex
plosives.
HAVANA (UPI) The Fidel Cas
tro firing squads resumed opera
tions yesterday with the pre dawn
execution of two youths convicted
of counter-revolutionary crimes.
The executions of Rigoberto
Hernandez Estevez and Rolando
Tamargo Gutierrez were the first
in Cuba since Jan. 20 but the 13th
and 11th since the start of the
year. They were charged with
illegal possession of arms and ex
plosives.
HAVANA (UPI) The Fidel Cas
tro firing squads resumed opera
tions yesterday with the pre dawn
execution of two youths convicted
of counter-revolutionary crimes.
The executions of Rigoberto
Hernandez Estevez and Rolando
Tamargo Gutierrez were the first
in Cuba since Jan. 20 but the 13th
and 11th since the start of the
year. They were charged with
illegal possession of arms and ex
plosives.
HAVANA (UPI) The Fidel Cas
tro firing squads resumed opera
tions yesterday with the pre dawn
execution of two youths convicted
of counter-revolutionary crimes.
The executions of Rigoberto
Hernandez Estevez and Rolando
Tamargo Gutierrez were the first
in Cuba since Jan. 20 but the 13th
and 11th since the start of the
year. They were charged with
illegal possession of arms and ex
plosives.
HAVANA (UPI) The Fidel Cas
tro firing squads resumed opera
tions yesterday with the pre dawn
execution of two youths convicted
of counter-revolutionary crimes.
The executions of Rigoberto
Hernandez Estevez and Rolando
Tamargo Gutierrez were the first
in Cuba since Jan. 20 but the 13th
and 11th since the start of the
year. They were charged with
illegal possession of arms and ex
plosives.
HAVANA (UPI) The Fidel Cas
tro firing squads resumed opera
tions yesterday with the pre dawn
execution of two youths convicted
of counter-revolutionary crimes.
The executions of Rigoberto
Hernandez Estevez and Rolando
Tamargo Gutierrez were the first
in Cuba since Jan. 20 but the 13th
and 11th since the start of the
year. They were charged with
illegal possession of arms and ex
plosives.
HAVANA (UPI) The Fidel Cas
tro firing squads resumed opera
tions yesterday with the pre dawn
execution of two youths convicted
of counter-revolutionary crimes.
The executions of Rigoberto
Hernandez Estevez and Rolando
Tamargo Gutierrez were the first
in Cuba since Jan. 20 but the 13th
and 11th since the start of the
year. They were charged with
illegal possession of arms and ex
plosives.
