# CHANGES ARE MADE IN SOCCER LINE-UP
## 
### 
Stanford will not send the same
combination into the second game of
the varsity soccer series with Cali
fornia next Saturday, as that which
faced the Blue and Gold in the last
game. According to information given
out by Coach Maloney last night, sev
eral shifts will be made in the line-up
in an effort to get more punch and
drive into the combination. What the
final line-up will be has not yet been
decided, or, if dccided, has not been
announced by the coach.
During the present season Coach
Maloney has developed a smooth
working machine, with individual
players of ability and knowledge of
the game that has proved valuable, as
is shown by the record of no defeats
so far this season. Nevertheless, he
is not yet satisfied that he has de
veloped the greatest power out of the
talent at hand, although the record of
the team shows that he has done some
wonderful work in developing the ma
chine that he has in such a short
space of time. The last game with
California showed that in the Blue and
Gold Stanford has its strongest ad
versary. Therefore a hard fight is
expected next Saturday, and the
strongest possible combination will be
put on the field to represent the Car
dinal.
The team as a whole played well
when they tied California on the 20th,
but they were put up to mid-season
form. The forwards showed the great
est weakness, and if that department
can be strengthened before the next
game, chances for victory are bright.
The backfield has shown up well con
sistently throughout the season. Any
weakness in the forward line would
prove especially vulnerable against
California, as the Blue and Gold have
concentrated most of their strength
in that position.
Stanford will not send the same
combination into the second game of
the varsity soccer series with Cali
fornia next Saturday, as that which
faced the Blue and Gold in the last
game. According to information given
out by Coach Maloney last night, sev
eral shifts will be made in the line-up
in an effort to get more punch and
drive into the combination. What the
final line-up will be has not yet been
decided, or, if dccided, has not been
announced by the coach.
During the present season Coach
Maloney has developed a smooth
working machine, with individual
players of ability and knowledge of
the game that has proved valuable, as
is shown by the record of no defeats
so far this season. Nevertheless, he
is not yet satisfied that he has de
veloped the greatest power out of the
talent at hand, although the record of
the team shows that he has done some
wonderful work in developing the ma
chine that he has in such a short
space of time. The last game with
California showed that in the Blue and
Gold Stanford has its strongest ad
versary. Therefore a hard fight is
expected next Saturday, and the
strongest possible combination will be
put on the field to represent the Car
dinal.
The team as a whole played well
when they tied California on the 20th,
but they were put up to mid-season
form. The forwards showed the great
est weakness, and if that department
can be strengthened before the next
game, chances for victory are bright.
The backfield has shown up well con
sistently throughout the season. Any
weakness in the forward line would
prove especially vulnerable against
California, as the Blue and Gold have
concentrated most of their strength
in that position.
Stanford will not send the same
combination into the second game of
the varsity soccer series with Cali
fornia next Saturday, as that which
faced the Blue and Gold in the last
game. According to information given
out by Coach Maloney last night, sev
eral shifts will be made in the line-up
in an effort to get more punch and
drive into the combination. What the
final line-up will be has not yet been
decided, or, if dccided, has not been
announced by the coach.
During the present season Coach
Maloney has developed a smooth
working machine, with individual
players of ability and knowledge of
the game that has proved valuable, as
is shown by the record of no defeats
so far this season. Nevertheless, he
is not yet satisfied that he has de
veloped the greatest power out of the
talent at hand, although the record of
the team shows that he has done some
wonderful work in developing the ma
chine that he has in such a short
space of time. The last game with
California showed that in the Blue and
Gold Stanford has its strongest ad
versary. Therefore a hard fight is
expected next Saturday, and the
strongest possible combination will be
put on the field to represent the Car
dinal.
The team as a whole played well
when they tied California on the 20th,
but they were put up to mid-season
form. The forwards showed the great
est weakness, and if that department
can be strengthened before the next
game, chances for victory are bright.
The backfield has shown up well con
sistently throughout the season. Any
weakness in the forward line would
prove especially vulnerable against
California, as the Blue and Gold have
concentrated most of their strength
in that position.
Stanford will not send the same
combination into the second game of
the varsity soccer series with Cali
fornia next Saturday, as that which
faced the Blue and Gold in the last
game. According to information given
out by Coach Maloney last night, sev
eral shifts will be made in the line-up
in an effort to get more punch and
drive into the combination. What the
final line-up will be has not yet been
decided, or, if dccided, has not been
announced by the coach.
During the present season Coach
Maloney has developed a smooth
working machine, with individual
players of ability and knowledge of
the game that has proved valuable, as
is shown by the record of no defeats
so far this season. Nevertheless, he
is not yet satisfied that he has de
veloped the greatest power out of the
talent at hand, although the record of
the team shows that he has done some
wonderful work in developing the ma
chine that he has in such a short
space of time. The last game with
California showed that in the Blue and
Gold Stanford has its strongest ad
versary. Therefore a hard fight is
expected next Saturday, and the
strongest possible combination will be
put on the field to represent the Car
dinal.
The team as a whole played well
when they tied California on the 20th,
but they were put up to mid-season
form. The forwards showed the great
est weakness, and if that department
can be strengthened before the next
game, chances for victory are bright.
The backfield has shown up well con
sistently throughout the season. Any
weakness in the forward line would
prove especially vulnerable against
California, as the Blue and Gold have
concentrated most of their strength
in that position.
Stanford will not send the same
combination into the second game of
the varsity soccer series with Cali
fornia next Saturday, as that which
faced the Blue and Gold in the last
game. According to information given
out by Coach Maloney last night, sev
eral shifts will be made in the line-up
in an effort to get more punch and
drive into the combination. What the
final line-up will be has not yet been
decided, or, if dccided, has not been
announced by the coach.
During the present season Coach
Maloney has developed a smooth
working machine, with individual
players of ability and knowledge of
the game that has proved valuable, as
is shown by the record of no defeats
so far this season. Nevertheless, he
is not yet satisfied that he has de
veloped the greatest power out of the
talent at hand, although the record of
the team shows that he has done some
wonderful work in developing the ma
chine that he has in such a short
space of time. The last game with
California showed that in the Blue and
Gold Stanford has its strongest ad
versary. Therefore a hard fight is
expected next Saturday, and the
strongest possible combination will be
put on the field to represent the Car
dinal.
The team as a whole played well
when they tied California on the 20th,
but they were put up to mid-season
form. The forwards showed the great
est weakness, and if that department
can be strengthened before the next
game, chances for victory are bright.
The backfield has shown up well con
sistently throughout the season. Any
weakness in the forward line would
prove especially vulnerable against
California, as the Blue and Gold have
concentrated most of their strength
in that position.
Stanford will not send the same
combination into the second game of
the varsity soccer series with Cali
fornia next Saturday, as that which
faced the Blue and Gold in the last
game. According to information given
out by Coach Maloney last night, sev
eral shifts will be made in the line-up
in an effort to get more punch and
drive into the combination. What the
final line-up will be has not yet been
decided, or, if dccided, has not been
announced by the coach.
During the present season Coach
Maloney has developed a smooth
working machine, with individual
players of ability and knowledge of
the game that has proved valuable, as
is shown by the record of no defeats
so far this season. Nevertheless, he
is not yet satisfied that he has de
veloped the greatest power out of the
talent at hand, although the record of
the team shows that he has done some
wonderful work in developing the ma
chine that he has in such a short
space of time. The last game with
California showed that in the Blue and
Gold Stanford has its strongest ad
versary. Therefore a hard fight is
expected next Saturday, and the
strongest possible combination will be
put on the field to represent the Car
dinal.
The team as a whole played well
when they tied California on the 20th,
but they were put up to mid-season
form. The forwards showed the great
est weakness, and if that department
can be strengthened before the next
game, chances for victory are bright.
The backfield has shown up well con
sistently throughout the season. Any
weakness in the forward line would
prove especially vulnerable against
California, as the Blue and Gold have
concentrated most of their strength
in that position.
Stanford will not send the same
combination into the second game of
the varsity soccer series with Cali
fornia next Saturday, as that which
faced the Blue and Gold in the last
game. According to information given
out by Coach Maloney last night, sev
eral shifts will be made in the line-up
in an effort to get more punch and
drive into the combination. What the
final line-up will be has not yet been
decided, or, if dccided, has not been
announced by the coach.
During the present season Coach
Maloney has developed a smooth
working machine, with individual
players of ability and knowledge of
the game that has proved valuable, as
is shown by the record of no defeats
so far this season. Nevertheless, he
is not yet satisfied that he has de
veloped the greatest power out of the
talent at hand, although the record of
the team shows that he has done some
wonderful work in developing the ma
chine that he has in such a short
space of time. The last game with
California showed that in the Blue and
Gold Stanford has its strongest ad
versary. Therefore a hard fight is
expected next Saturday, and the
strongest possible combination will be
put on the field to represent the Car
dinal.
The team as a whole played well
when they tied California on the 20th,
but they were put up to mid-season
form. The forwards showed the great
est weakness, and if that department
can be strengthened before the next
game, chances for victory are bright.
The backfield has shown up well con
sistently throughout the season. Any
weakness in the forward line would
prove especially vulnerable against
California, as the Blue and Gold have
concentrated most of their strength
in that position.
Stanford will not send the same
combination into the second game of
the varsity soccer series with Cali
fornia next Saturday, as that which
faced the Blue and Gold in the last
game. According to information given
out by Coach Maloney last night, sev
eral shifts will be made in the line-up
in an effort to get more punch and
drive into the combination. What the
final line-up will be has not yet been
decided, or, if dccided, has not been
announced by the coach.
During the present season Coach
Maloney has developed a smooth
working machine, with individual
players of ability and knowledge of
the game that has proved valuable, as
is shown by the record of no defeats
so far this season. Nevertheless, he
is not yet satisfied that he has de
veloped the greatest power out of the
talent at hand, although the record of
the team shows that he has done some
wonderful work in developing the ma
chine that he has in such a short
space of time. The last game with
California showed that in the Blue and
Gold Stanford has its strongest ad
versary. Therefore a hard fight is
expected next Saturday, and the
strongest possible combination will be
put on the field to represent the Car
dinal.
The team as a whole played well
when they tied California on the 20th,
but they were put up to mid-season
form. The forwards showed the great
est weakness, and if that department
can be strengthened before the next
game, chances for victory are bright.
The backfield has shown up well con
sistently throughout the season. Any
weakness in the forward line would
prove especially vulnerable against
California, as the Blue and Gold have
concentrated most of their strength
in that position.
Stanford will not send the same
combination into the second game of
the varsity soccer series with Cali
fornia next Saturday, as that which
faced the Blue and Gold in the last
game. According to information given
out by Coach Maloney last night, sev
eral shifts will be made in the line-up
in an effort to get more punch and
drive into the combination. What the
final line-up will be has not yet been
decided, or, if dccided, has not been
announced by the coach.
During the present season Coach
Maloney has developed a smooth
working machine, with individual
players of ability and knowledge of
the game that has proved valuable, as
is shown by the record of no defeats
so far this season. Nevertheless, he
is not yet satisfied that he has de
veloped the greatest power out of the
talent at hand, although the record of
the team shows that he has done some
wonderful work in developing the ma
chine that he has in such a short
space of time. The last game with
California showed that in the Blue and
Gold Stanford has its strongest ad
versary. Therefore a hard fight is
expected next Saturday, and the
strongest possible combination will be
put on the field to represent the Car
dinal.
The team as a whole played well
when they tied California on the 20th,
but they were put up to mid-season
form. The forwards showed the great
est weakness, and if that department
can be strengthened before the next
game, chances for victory are bright.
The backfield has shown up well con
sistently throughout the season. Any
weakness in the forward line would
prove especially vulnerable against
California, as the Blue and Gold have
concentrated most of their strength
in that position.
Stanford will not send the same
combination into the second game of
the varsity soccer series with Cali
fornia next Saturday, as that which
faced the Blue and Gold in the last
game. According to information given
out by Coach Maloney last night, sev
eral shifts will be made in the line-up
in an effort to get more punch and
drive into the combination. What the
final line-up will be has not yet been
decided, or, if dccided, has not been
announced by the coach.
During the present season Coach
Maloney has developed a smooth
working machine, with individual
players of ability and knowledge of
the game that has proved valuable, as
is shown by the record of no defeats
so far this season. Nevertheless, he
is not yet satisfied that he has de
veloped the greatest power out of the
talent at hand, although the record of
the team shows that he has done some
wonderful work in developing the ma
chine that he has in such a short
space of time. The last game with
California showed that in the Blue and
Gold Stanford has its strongest ad
versary. Therefore a hard fight is
expected next Saturday, and the
strongest possible combination will be
put on the field to represent the Car
dinal.
The team as a whole played well
when they tied California on the 20th,
but they were put up to mid-season
form. The forwards showed the great
est weakness, and if that department
can be strengthened before the next
game, chances for victory are bright.
The backfield has shown up well con
sistently throughout the season. Any
weakness in the forward line would
prove especially vulnerable against
California, as the Blue and Gold have
concentrated most of their strength
in that position.
Stanford will not send the same
combination into the second game of
the varsity soccer series with Cali
fornia next Saturday, as that which
faced the Blue and Gold in the last
game. According to information given
out by Coach Maloney last night, sev
eral shifts will be made in the line-up
in an effort to get more punch and
drive into the combination. What the
final line-up will be has not yet been
decided, or, if dccided, has not been
announced by the coach.
During the present season Coach
Maloney has developed a smooth
working machine, with individual
players of ability and knowledge of
the game that has proved valuable, as
is shown by the record of no defeats
so far this season. Nevertheless, he
is not yet satisfied that he has de
veloped the greatest power out of the
talent at hand, although the record of
the team shows that he has done some
wonderful work in developing the ma
chine that he has in such a short
space of time. The last game with
California showed that in the Blue and
Gold Stanford has its strongest ad
versary. Therefore a hard fight is
expected next Saturday, and the
strongest possible combination will be
put on the field to represent the Car
dinal.
The team as a whole played well
when they tied California on the 20th,
but they were put up to mid-season
form. The forwards showed the great
est weakness, and if that department
can be strengthened before the next
game, chances for victory are bright.
The backfield has shown up well con
sistently throughout the season. Any
weakness in the forward line would
prove especially vulnerable against
California, as the Blue and Gold have
concentrated most of their strength
in that position.
Stanford will not send the same
combination into the second game of
the varsity soccer series with Cali
fornia next Saturday, as that which
faced the Blue and Gold in the last
game. According to information given
out by Coach Maloney last night, sev
eral shifts will be made in the line-up
in an effort to get more punch and
drive into the combination. What the
final line-up will be has not yet been
decided, or, if dccided, has not been
announced by the coach.
During the present season Coach
Maloney has developed a smooth
working machine, with individual
players of ability and knowledge of
the game that has proved valuable, as
is shown by the record of no defeats
so far this season. Nevertheless, he
is not yet satisfied that he has de
veloped the greatest power out of the
talent at hand, although the record of
the team shows that he has done some
wonderful work in developing the ma
chine that he has in such a short
space of time. The last game with
California showed that in the Blue and
Gold Stanford has its strongest ad
versary. Therefore a hard fight is
expected next Saturday, and the
strongest possible combination will be
put on the field to represent the Car
dinal.
The team as a whole played well
when they tied California on the 20th,
but they were put up to mid-season
form. The forwards showed the great
est weakness, and if that department
can be strengthened before the next
game, chances for victory are bright.
The backfield has shown up well con
sistently throughout the season. Any
weakness in the forward line would
prove especially vulnerable against
California, as the Blue and Gold have
concentrated most of their strength
in that position.
