# SAN FRANCISCAN TO ADDRESS ECON. CLUB
## 
### 
"Trade relations between the United
States and the Philippine Islands" will
be the subject of a talk by C. C. Coll
man, chairman of the publicity com
mittee of the Foreign Trade Club of
San Francisco next Thursday night in
the Stanford Union. This will be the
first of a series of addresses by well
known business men of the city ar
ranged for by W. L. Conolly, president
of the Economics Club.
Plans are being made whereby
members of the club will make ex
cursions to San Francisco to attend
meetings of the Foreign Trade Club.
Many of the leading business men of
the nation appear before this club,
and the Stanford students will in this
way be given an opportunity to come
into contact with men who have a
practical knowledge of foreign trade
conditions.
"Trade relations between the United
States and the Philippine Islands" will
be the subject of a talk by C. C. Coll
man, chairman of the publicity com
mittee of the Foreign Trade Club of
San Francisco next Thursday night in
the Stanford Union. This will be the
first of a series of addresses by well
known business men of the city ar
ranged for by W. L. Conolly, president
of the Economics Club.
Plans are being made whereby
members of the club will make ex
cursions to San Francisco to attend
meetings of the Foreign Trade Club.
Many of the leading business men of
the nation appear before this club,
and the Stanford students will in this
way be given an opportunity to come
into contact with men who have a
practical knowledge of foreign trade
conditions.
"Trade relations between the United
States and the Philippine Islands" will
be the subject of a talk by C. C. Coll
man, chairman of the publicity com
mittee of the Foreign Trade Club of
San Francisco next Thursday night in
the Stanford Union. This will be the
first of a series of addresses by well
known business men of the city ar
ranged for by W. L. Conolly, president
of the Economics Club.
Plans are being made whereby
members of the club will make ex
cursions to San Francisco to attend
meetings of the Foreign Trade Club.
Many of the leading business men of
the nation appear before this club,
and the Stanford students will in this
way be given an opportunity to come
into contact with men who have a
practical knowledge of foreign trade
conditions.
"Trade relations between the United
States and the Philippine Islands" will
be the subject of a talk by C. C. Coll
man, chairman of the publicity com
mittee of the Foreign Trade Club of
San Francisco next Thursday night in
the Stanford Union. This will be the
first of a series of addresses by well
known business men of the city ar
ranged for by W. L. Conolly, president
of the Economics Club.
Plans are being made whereby
members of the club will make ex
cursions to San Francisco to attend
meetings of the Foreign Trade Club.
Many of the leading business men of
the nation appear before this club,
and the Stanford students will in this
way be given an opportunity to come
into contact with men who have a
practical knowledge of foreign trade
conditions.
"Trade relations between the United
States and the Philippine Islands" will
be the subject of a talk by C. C. Coll
man, chairman of the publicity com
mittee of the Foreign Trade Club of
San Francisco next Thursday night in
the Stanford Union. This will be the
first of a series of addresses by well
known business men of the city ar
ranged for by W. L. Conolly, president
of the Economics Club.
Plans are being made whereby
members of the club will make ex
cursions to San Francisco to attend
meetings of the Foreign Trade Club.
Many of the leading business men of
the nation appear before this club,
and the Stanford students will in this
way be given an opportunity to come
into contact with men who have a
practical knowledge of foreign trade
conditions.
"Trade relations between the United
States and the Philippine Islands" will
be the subject of a talk by C. C. Coll
man, chairman of the publicity com
mittee of the Foreign Trade Club of
San Francisco next Thursday night in
the Stanford Union. This will be the
first of a series of addresses by well
known business men of the city ar
ranged for by W. L. Conolly, president
of the Economics Club.
Plans are being made whereby
members of the club will make ex
cursions to San Francisco to attend
meetings of the Foreign Trade Club.
Many of the leading business men of
the nation appear before this club,
and the Stanford students will in this
way be given an opportunity to come
into contact with men who have a
practical knowledge of foreign trade
conditions.
"Trade relations between the United
States and the Philippine Islands" will
be the subject of a talk by C. C. Coll
man, chairman of the publicity com
mittee of the Foreign Trade Club of
San Francisco next Thursday night in
the Stanford Union. This will be the
first of a series of addresses by well
known business men of the city ar
ranged for by W. L. Conolly, president
of the Economics Club.
Plans are being made whereby
members of the club will make ex
cursions to San Francisco to attend
meetings of the Foreign Trade Club.
Many of the leading business men of
the nation appear before this club,
and the Stanford students will in this
way be given an opportunity to come
into contact with men who have a
practical knowledge of foreign trade
conditions.
"Trade relations between the United
States and the Philippine Islands" will
be the subject of a talk by C. C. Coll
man, chairman of the publicity com
mittee of the Foreign Trade Club of
San Francisco next Thursday night in
the Stanford Union. This will be the
first of a series of addresses by well
known business men of the city ar
ranged for by W. L. Conolly, president
of the Economics Club.
Plans are being made whereby
members of the club will make ex
cursions to San Francisco to attend
meetings of the Foreign Trade Club.
Many of the leading business men of
the nation appear before this club,
and the Stanford students will in this
way be given an opportunity to come
into contact with men who have a
practical knowledge of foreign trade
conditions.
"Trade relations between the United
States and the Philippine Islands" will
be the subject of a talk by C. C. Coll
man, chairman of the publicity com
mittee of the Foreign Trade Club of
San Francisco next Thursday night in
the Stanford Union. This will be the
first of a series of addresses by well
known business men of the city ar
ranged for by W. L. Conolly, president
of the Economics Club.
Plans are being made whereby
members of the club will make ex
cursions to San Francisco to attend
meetings of the Foreign Trade Club.
Many of the leading business men of
the nation appear before this club,
and the Stanford students will in this
way be given an opportunity to come
into contact with men who have a
practical knowledge of foreign trade
conditions.
"Trade relations between the United
States and the Philippine Islands" will
be the subject of a talk by C. C. Coll
man, chairman of the publicity com
mittee of the Foreign Trade Club of
San Francisco next Thursday night in
the Stanford Union. This will be the
first of a series of addresses by well
known business men of the city ar
ranged for by W. L. Conolly, president
of the Economics Club.
Plans are being made whereby
members of the club will make ex
cursions to San Francisco to attend
meetings of the Foreign Trade Club.
Many of the leading business men of
the nation appear before this club,
and the Stanford students will in this
way be given an opportunity to come
into contact with men who have a
practical knowledge of foreign trade
conditions.
"Trade relations between the United
States and the Philippine Islands" will
be the subject of a talk by C. C. Coll
man, chairman of the publicity com
mittee of the Foreign Trade Club of
San Francisco next Thursday night in
the Stanford Union. This will be the
first of a series of addresses by well
known business men of the city ar
ranged for by W. L. Conolly, president
of the Economics Club.
Plans are being made whereby
members of the club will make ex
cursions to San Francisco to attend
meetings of the Foreign Trade Club.
Many of the leading business men of
the nation appear before this club,
and the Stanford students will in this
way be given an opportunity to come
into contact with men who have a
practical knowledge of foreign trade
conditions.
"Trade relations between the United
States and the Philippine Islands" will
be the subject of a talk by C. C. Coll
man, chairman of the publicity com
mittee of the Foreign Trade Club of
San Francisco next Thursday night in
the Stanford Union. This will be the
first of a series of addresses by well
known business men of the city ar
ranged for by W. L. Conolly, president
of the Economics Club.
Plans are being made whereby
members of the club will make ex
cursions to San Francisco to attend
meetings of the Foreign Trade Club.
Many of the leading business men of
the nation appear before this club,
and the Stanford students will in this
way be given an opportunity to come
into contact with men who have a
practical knowledge of foreign trade
conditions.
