# Untitled Article
## 
### 
No one likes to be repeatedly in
terrupted in the middle of a sen
tence, and yet that is what the
professors who meet classes on the
east side of the quadrangle have to
contend with every morning about
ten o'clock. At that hour the coal
and garbage carts, which might be
better characterized as rumbling
machines, assert their superiority.
Such nuisances ought to be attended
to by those in charge about the
University; either the business
hours of the carts should be changed
or they should be directed into
roads that do not lead directly past
the quadrangle.
No one likes to be repeatedly in
terrupted in the middle of a sen
tence, and yet that is what the
professors who meet classes on the
east side of the quadrangle have to
contend with every morning about
ten o'clock. At that hour the coal
and garbage carts, which might be
better characterized as rumbling
machines, assert their superiority.
Such nuisances ought to be attended
to by those in charge about the
University; either the business
hours of the carts should be changed
or they should be directed into
roads that do not lead directly past
the quadrangle.
No one likes to be repeatedly in
terrupted in the middle of a sen
tence, and yet that is what the
professors who meet classes on the
east side of the quadrangle have to
contend with every morning about
ten o'clock. At that hour the coal
and garbage carts, which might be
better characterized as rumbling
machines, assert their superiority.
Such nuisances ought to be attended
to by those in charge about the
University; either the business
hours of the carts should be changed
or they should be directed into
roads that do not lead directly past
the quadrangle.
No one likes to be repeatedly in
terrupted in the middle of a sen
tence, and yet that is what the
professors who meet classes on the
east side of the quadrangle have to
contend with every morning about
ten o'clock. At that hour the coal
and garbage carts, which might be
better characterized as rumbling
machines, assert their superiority.
Such nuisances ought to be attended
to by those in charge about the
University; either the business
hours of the carts should be changed
or they should be directed into
roads that do not lead directly past
the quadrangle.
No one likes to be repeatedly in
terrupted in the middle of a sen
tence, and yet that is what the
professors who meet classes on the
east side of the quadrangle have to
contend with every morning about
ten o'clock. At that hour the coal
and garbage carts, which might be
better characterized as rumbling
machines, assert their superiority.
Such nuisances ought to be attended
to by those in charge about the
University; either the business
hours of the carts should be changed
or they should be directed into
roads that do not lead directly past
the quadrangle.
