# Foreign Trips Planned for Students
## Airline Will Offer Tours in Mexico 
### 
American Airlines is offering an
educational tour plan for students
and teachers traveling to Mexico in
groups during this school term and
next summer, it was announced
yesterday by Nelson K. Milliken.
Bay Area international manager for
the airline.
Under the plan, any faculty mem
ber or student can organize a tour
of ten or more students or instruc
tors to take advantage of an educa
tional group rate 20 per cent lower
than the regular one-way fares. The
student or teacher organizer re
ceives his transportation free.
Two all - inclusive itineraries in
Mexico, one for ten days and the
other for 15 days, are offered at a
cost of Sll4 and $153 per person, re
spectively, plus the reduced trans
portation to and from Mexico City.
Included in the ten-day tour are
three and a half days in Mexico
City, one and a half days in Fortin
de las Flores, and one day each in
Xochimilco, Taxeo, Cuernavaca, and
Puebla. The 15-day tour adds a
visit to Oaxaca and additional time
in Puebla and the Mexico City area.
American Airlines is offering an
educational tour plan for students
and teachers traveling to Mexico in
groups during this school term and
next summer, it was announced
yesterday by Nelson K. Milliken.
Bay Area international manager for
the airline.
Under the plan, any faculty mem
ber or student can organize a tour
of ten or more students or instruc
tors to take advantage of an educa
tional group rate 20 per cent lower
than the regular one-way fares. The
student or teacher organizer re
ceives his transportation free.
Two all - inclusive itineraries in
Mexico, one for ten days and the
other for 15 days, are offered at a
cost of Sll4 and $153 per person, re
spectively, plus the reduced trans
portation to and from Mexico City.
Included in the ten-day tour are
three and a half days in Mexico
City, one and a half days in Fortin
de las Flores, and one day each in
Xochimilco, Taxeo, Cuernavaca, and
Puebla. The 15-day tour adds a
visit to Oaxaca and additional time
in Puebla and the Mexico City area.
American Airlines is offering an
educational tour plan for students
and teachers traveling to Mexico in
groups during this school term and
next summer, it was announced
yesterday by Nelson K. Milliken.
Bay Area international manager for
the airline.
Under the plan, any faculty mem
ber or student can organize a tour
of ten or more students or instruc
tors to take advantage of an educa
tional group rate 20 per cent lower
than the regular one-way fares. The
student or teacher organizer re
ceives his transportation free.
Two all - inclusive itineraries in
Mexico, one for ten days and the
other for 15 days, are offered at a
cost of Sll4 and $153 per person, re
spectively, plus the reduced trans
portation to and from Mexico City.
Included in the ten-day tour are
three and a half days in Mexico
City, one and a half days in Fortin
de las Flores, and one day each in
Xochimilco, Taxeo, Cuernavaca, and
Puebla. The 15-day tour adds a
visit to Oaxaca and additional time
in Puebla and the Mexico City area.
American Airlines is offering an
educational tour plan for students
and teachers traveling to Mexico in
groups during this school term and
next summer, it was announced
yesterday by Nelson K. Milliken.
Bay Area international manager for
the airline.
Under the plan, any faculty mem
ber or student can organize a tour
of ten or more students or instruc
tors to take advantage of an educa
tional group rate 20 per cent lower
than the regular one-way fares. The
student or teacher organizer re
ceives his transportation free.
Two all - inclusive itineraries in
Mexico, one for ten days and the
other for 15 days, are offered at a
cost of Sll4 and $153 per person, re
spectively, plus the reduced trans
portation to and from Mexico City.
Included in the ten-day tour are
three and a half days in Mexico
City, one and a half days in Fortin
de las Flores, and one day each in
Xochimilco, Taxeo, Cuernavaca, and
Puebla. The 15-day tour adds a
visit to Oaxaca and additional time
in Puebla and the Mexico City area.
American Airlines is offering an
educational tour plan for students
and teachers traveling to Mexico in
groups during this school term and
next summer, it was announced
yesterday by Nelson K. Milliken.
Bay Area international manager for
the airline.
Under the plan, any faculty mem
ber or student can organize a tour
of ten or more students or instruc
tors to take advantage of an educa
tional group rate 20 per cent lower
than the regular one-way fares. The
student or teacher organizer re
ceives his transportation free.
Two all - inclusive itineraries in
Mexico, one for ten days and the
other for 15 days, are offered at a
cost of Sll4 and $153 per person, re
spectively, plus the reduced trans
portation to and from Mexico City.
Included in the ten-day tour are
three and a half days in Mexico
City, one and a half days in Fortin
de las Flores, and one day each in
Xochimilco, Taxeo, Cuernavaca, and
Puebla. The 15-day tour adds a
visit to Oaxaca and additional time
in Puebla and the Mexico City area.
American Airlines is offering an
educational tour plan for students
and teachers traveling to Mexico in
groups during this school term and
next summer, it was announced
yesterday by Nelson K. Milliken.
Bay Area international manager for
the airline.
Under the plan, any faculty mem
ber or student can organize a tour
of ten or more students or instruc
tors to take advantage of an educa
tional group rate 20 per cent lower
than the regular one-way fares. The
student or teacher organizer re
ceives his transportation free.
Two all - inclusive itineraries in
Mexico, one for ten days and the
other for 15 days, are offered at a
cost of Sll4 and $153 per person, re
spectively, plus the reduced trans
portation to and from Mexico City.
Included in the ten-day tour are
three and a half days in Mexico
City, one and a half days in Fortin
de las Flores, and one day each in
Xochimilco, Taxeo, Cuernavaca, and
Puebla. The 15-day tour adds a
visit to Oaxaca and additional time
in Puebla and the Mexico City area.
American Airlines is offering an
educational tour plan for students
and teachers traveling to Mexico in
groups during this school term and
next summer, it was announced
yesterday by Nelson K. Milliken.
Bay Area international manager for
the airline.
Under the plan, any faculty mem
ber or student can organize a tour
of ten or more students or instruc
tors to take advantage of an educa
tional group rate 20 per cent lower
than the regular one-way fares. The
student or teacher organizer re
ceives his transportation free.
Two all - inclusive itineraries in
Mexico, one for ten days and the
other for 15 days, are offered at a
cost of Sll4 and $153 per person, re
spectively, plus the reduced trans
portation to and from Mexico City.
Included in the ten-day tour are
three and a half days in Mexico
City, one and a half days in Fortin
de las Flores, and one day each in
Xochimilco, Taxeo, Cuernavaca, and
Puebla. The 15-day tour adds a
visit to Oaxaca and additional time
in Puebla and the Mexico City area.
American Airlines is offering an
educational tour plan for students
and teachers traveling to Mexico in
groups during this school term and
next summer, it was announced
yesterday by Nelson K. Milliken.
Bay Area international manager for
the airline.
Under the plan, any faculty mem
ber or student can organize a tour
of ten or more students or instruc
tors to take advantage of an educa
tional group rate 20 per cent lower
than the regular one-way fares. The
student or teacher organizer re
ceives his transportation free.
Two all - inclusive itineraries in
Mexico, one for ten days and the
other for 15 days, are offered at a
cost of Sll4 and $153 per person, re
spectively, plus the reduced trans
portation to and from Mexico City.
Included in the ten-day tour are
three and a half days in Mexico
City, one and a half days in Fortin
de las Flores, and one day each in
Xochimilco, Taxeo, Cuernavaca, and
Puebla. The 15-day tour adds a
visit to Oaxaca and additional time
in Puebla and the Mexico City area.
American Airlines is offering an
educational tour plan for students
and teachers traveling to Mexico in
groups during this school term and
next summer, it was announced
yesterday by Nelson K. Milliken.
Bay Area international manager for
the airline.
Under the plan, any faculty mem
ber or student can organize a tour
of ten or more students or instruc
tors to take advantage of an educa
tional group rate 20 per cent lower
than the regular one-way fares. The
student or teacher organizer re
ceives his transportation free.
Two all - inclusive itineraries in
Mexico, one for ten days and the
other for 15 days, are offered at a
cost of Sll4 and $153 per person, re
spectively, plus the reduced trans
portation to and from Mexico City.
Included in the ten-day tour are
three and a half days in Mexico
City, one and a half days in Fortin
de las Flores, and one day each in
Xochimilco, Taxeo, Cuernavaca, and
Puebla. The 15-day tour adds a
visit to Oaxaca and additional time
in Puebla and the Mexico City area.
American Airlines is offering an
educational tour plan for students
and teachers traveling to Mexico in
groups during this school term and
next summer, it was announced
yesterday by Nelson K. Milliken.
Bay Area international manager for
the airline.
Under the plan, any faculty mem
ber or student can organize a tour
of ten or more students or instruc
tors to take advantage of an educa
tional group rate 20 per cent lower
than the regular one-way fares. The
student or teacher organizer re
ceives his transportation free.
Two all - inclusive itineraries in
Mexico, one for ten days and the
other for 15 days, are offered at a
cost of Sll4 and $153 per person, re
spectively, plus the reduced trans
portation to and from Mexico City.
Included in the ten-day tour are
three and a half days in Mexico
City, one and a half days in Fortin
de las Flores, and one day each in
Xochimilco, Taxeo, Cuernavaca, and
Puebla. The 15-day tour adds a
visit to Oaxaca and additional time
in Puebla and the Mexico City area.
American Airlines is offering an
educational tour plan for students
and teachers traveling to Mexico in
groups during this school term and
next summer, it was announced
yesterday by Nelson K. Milliken.
Bay Area international manager for
the airline.
Under the plan, any faculty mem
ber or student can organize a tour
of ten or more students or instruc
tors to take advantage of an educa
tional group rate 20 per cent lower
than the regular one-way fares. The
student or teacher organizer re
ceives his transportation free.
Two all - inclusive itineraries in
Mexico, one for ten days and the
other for 15 days, are offered at a
cost of Sll4 and $153 per person, re
spectively, plus the reduced trans
portation to and from Mexico City.
Included in the ten-day tour are
three and a half days in Mexico
City, one and a half days in Fortin
de las Flores, and one day each in
Xochimilco, Taxeo, Cuernavaca, and
Puebla. The 15-day tour adds a
visit to Oaxaca and additional time
in Puebla and the Mexico City area.
American Airlines is offering an
educational tour plan for students
and teachers traveling to Mexico in
groups during this school term and
next summer, it was announced
yesterday by Nelson K. Milliken.
Bay Area international manager for
the airline.
Under the plan, any faculty mem
ber or student can organize a tour
of ten or more students or instruc
tors to take advantage of an educa
tional group rate 20 per cent lower
than the regular one-way fares. The
student or teacher organizer re
ceives his transportation free.
Two all - inclusive itineraries in
Mexico, one for ten days and the
other for 15 days, are offered at a
cost of Sll4 and $153 per person, re
spectively, plus the reduced trans
portation to and from Mexico City.
Included in the ten-day tour are
three and a half days in Mexico
City, one and a half days in Fortin
de las Flores, and one day each in
Xochimilco, Taxeo, Cuernavaca, and
Puebla. The 15-day tour adds a
visit to Oaxaca and additional time
in Puebla and the Mexico City area.
American Airlines is offering an
educational tour plan for students
and teachers traveling to Mexico in
groups during this school term and
next summer, it was announced
yesterday by Nelson K. Milliken.
Bay Area international manager for
the airline.
Under the plan, any faculty mem
ber or student can organize a tour
of ten or more students or instruc
tors to take advantage of an educa
tional group rate 20 per cent lower
than the regular one-way fares. The
student or teacher organizer re
ceives his transportation free.
Two all - inclusive itineraries in
Mexico, one for ten days and the
other for 15 days, are offered at a
cost of Sll4 and $153 per person, re
spectively, plus the reduced trans
portation to and from Mexico City.
Included in the ten-day tour are
three and a half days in Mexico
City, one and a half days in Fortin
de las Flores, and one day each in
Xochimilco, Taxeo, Cuernavaca, and
Puebla. The 15-day tour adds a
visit to Oaxaca and additional time
in Puebla and the Mexico City area.
American Airlines is offering an
educational tour plan for students
and teachers traveling to Mexico in
groups during this school term and
next summer, it was announced
yesterday by Nelson K. Milliken.
Bay Area international manager for
the airline.
Under the plan, any faculty mem
ber or student can organize a tour
of ten or more students or instruc
tors to take advantage of an educa
tional group rate 20 per cent lower
than the regular one-way fares. The
student or teacher organizer re
ceives his transportation free.
Two all - inclusive itineraries in
Mexico, one for ten days and the
other for 15 days, are offered at a
cost of Sll4 and $153 per person, re
spectively, plus the reduced trans
portation to and from Mexico City.
Included in the ten-day tour are
three and a half days in Mexico
City, one and a half days in Fortin
de las Flores, and one day each in
Xochimilco, Taxeo, Cuernavaca, and
Puebla. The 15-day tour adds a
visit to Oaxaca and additional time
in Puebla and the Mexico City area.
