# Mineral Research Grant Received
## 
### 
A giant to support basic research
in the crushing and grinding of
minerals lias been received by
Stanford from the Engineering
Foundation of New York, it was
announced yesterday by Presidnt
Wallace Sterling.
'Die research will be carried on
by A. Kenneth Schcllinger of the
School of Mineral Sciences faculty
in the University's metallurgical
laboratories.
A giant to support basic research
in the crushing and grinding of
minerals lias been received by
Stanford from the Engineering
Foundation of New York, it was
announced yesterday by Presidnt
Wallace Sterling.
'Die research will be carried on
by A. Kenneth Schcllinger of the
School of Mineral Sciences faculty
in the University's metallurgical
laboratories.
A giant to support basic research
in the crushing and grinding of
minerals lias been received by
Stanford from the Engineering
Foundation of New York, it was
announced yesterday by Presidnt
Wallace Sterling.
'Die research will be carried on
by A. Kenneth Schcllinger of the
School of Mineral Sciences faculty
in the University's metallurgical
laboratories.
A giant to support basic research
in the crushing and grinding of
minerals lias been received by
Stanford from the Engineering
Foundation of New York, it was
announced yesterday by Presidnt
Wallace Sterling.
'Die research will be carried on
by A. Kenneth Schcllinger of the
School of Mineral Sciences faculty
in the University's metallurgical
laboratories.
A giant to support basic research
in the crushing and grinding of
minerals lias been received by
Stanford from the Engineering
Foundation of New York, it was
announced yesterday by Presidnt
Wallace Sterling.
'Die research will be carried on
by A. Kenneth Schcllinger of the
School of Mineral Sciences faculty
in the University's metallurgical
laboratories.
A giant to support basic research
in the crushing and grinding of
minerals lias been received by
Stanford from the Engineering
Foundation of New York, it was
announced yesterday by Presidnt
Wallace Sterling.
'Die research will be carried on
by A. Kenneth Schcllinger of the
School of Mineral Sciences faculty
in the University's metallurgical
laboratories.
A giant to support basic research
in the crushing and grinding of
minerals lias been received by
Stanford from the Engineering
Foundation of New York, it was
announced yesterday by Presidnt
Wallace Sterling.
'Die research will be carried on
by A. Kenneth Schcllinger of the
School of Mineral Sciences faculty
in the University's metallurgical
laboratories.
A giant to support basic research
in the crushing and grinding of
minerals lias been received by
Stanford from the Engineering
Foundation of New York, it was
announced yesterday by Presidnt
Wallace Sterling.
'Die research will be carried on
by A. Kenneth Schcllinger of the
School of Mineral Sciences faculty
in the University's metallurgical
laboratories.
A giant to support basic research
in the crushing and grinding of
minerals lias been received by
Stanford from the Engineering
Foundation of New York, it was
announced yesterday by Presidnt
Wallace Sterling.
'Die research will be carried on
by A. Kenneth Schcllinger of the
School of Mineral Sciences faculty
in the University's metallurgical
laboratories.
A giant to support basic research
in the crushing and grinding of
minerals lias been received by
Stanford from the Engineering
Foundation of New York, it was
announced yesterday by Presidnt
Wallace Sterling.
'Die research will be carried on
by A. Kenneth Schcllinger of the
School of Mineral Sciences faculty
in the University's metallurgical
laboratories.
A giant to support basic research
in the crushing and grinding of
minerals lias been received by
Stanford from the Engineering
Foundation of New York, it was
announced yesterday by Presidnt
Wallace Sterling.
'Die research will be carried on
by A. Kenneth Schcllinger of the
School of Mineral Sciences faculty
in the University's metallurgical
laboratories.
A giant to support basic research
in the crushing and grinding of
minerals lias been received by
Stanford from the Engineering
Foundation of New York, it was
announced yesterday by Presidnt
Wallace Sterling.
'Die research will be carried on
by A. Kenneth Schcllinger of the
School of Mineral Sciences faculty
in the University's metallurgical
laboratories.
A giant to support basic research
in the crushing and grinding of
minerals lias been received by
Stanford from the Engineering
Foundation of New York, it was
announced yesterday by Presidnt
Wallace Sterling.
'Die research will be carried on
by A. Kenneth Schcllinger of the
School of Mineral Sciences faculty
in the University's metallurgical
laboratories.
A giant to support basic research
in the crushing and grinding of
minerals lias been received by
Stanford from the Engineering
Foundation of New York, it was
announced yesterday by Presidnt
Wallace Sterling.
'Die research will be carried on
by A. Kenneth Schcllinger of the
School of Mineral Sciences faculty
in the University's metallurgical
laboratories.
