# Stanford Prof Edits Biological Annual
## 
### 
The Annual Review of Microbiol
ogy for 1049, edited by Dr. Charles
E. Clifton of Stanford University,
has just been published, it was an
nounced yesterady by Annual Re
views, Inc.
Included in the volume are tech
nical articles by Dr. Windsor C.
Cutting and Dr. Sidney RafTel, both
members of the Stanford Medical
School faculty.
Outstanding scientists from all
over the world are chosen each year
to summarize the major research
developments in their field during
the past 12 months. These guest au
thors receive no payment for their
contributions.
The Annual Review of Microbiol
ogy for 1049, edited by Dr. Charles
E. Clifton of Stanford University,
has just been published, it was an
nounced yesterady by Annual Re
views, Inc.
Included in the volume are tech
nical articles by Dr. Windsor C.
Cutting and Dr. Sidney RafTel, both
members of the Stanford Medical
School faculty.
Outstanding scientists from all
over the world are chosen each year
to summarize the major research
developments in their field during
the past 12 months. These guest au
thors receive no payment for their
contributions.
The Annual Review of Microbiol
ogy for 1049, edited by Dr. Charles
E. Clifton of Stanford University,
has just been published, it was an
nounced yesterady by Annual Re
views, Inc.
Included in the volume are tech
nical articles by Dr. Windsor C.
Cutting and Dr. Sidney RafTel, both
members of the Stanford Medical
School faculty.
Outstanding scientists from all
over the world are chosen each year
to summarize the major research
developments in their field during
the past 12 months. These guest au
thors receive no payment for their
contributions.
The Annual Review of Microbiol
ogy for 1049, edited by Dr. Charles
E. Clifton of Stanford University,
has just been published, it was an
nounced yesterady by Annual Re
views, Inc.
Included in the volume are tech
nical articles by Dr. Windsor C.
Cutting and Dr. Sidney RafTel, both
members of the Stanford Medical
School faculty.
Outstanding scientists from all
over the world are chosen each year
to summarize the major research
developments in their field during
the past 12 months. These guest au
thors receive no payment for their
contributions.
The Annual Review of Microbiol
ogy for 1049, edited by Dr. Charles
E. Clifton of Stanford University,
has just been published, it was an
nounced yesterady by Annual Re
views, Inc.
Included in the volume are tech
nical articles by Dr. Windsor C.
Cutting and Dr. Sidney RafTel, both
members of the Stanford Medical
School faculty.
Outstanding scientists from all
over the world are chosen each year
to summarize the major research
developments in their field during
the past 12 months. These guest au
thors receive no payment for their
contributions.
The Annual Review of Microbiol
ogy for 1049, edited by Dr. Charles
E. Clifton of Stanford University,
has just been published, it was an
nounced yesterady by Annual Re
views, Inc.
Included in the volume are tech
nical articles by Dr. Windsor C.
Cutting and Dr. Sidney RafTel, both
members of the Stanford Medical
School faculty.
Outstanding scientists from all
over the world are chosen each year
to summarize the major research
developments in their field during
the past 12 months. These guest au
thors receive no payment for their
contributions.
The Annual Review of Microbiol
ogy for 1049, edited by Dr. Charles
E. Clifton of Stanford University,
has just been published, it was an
nounced yesterady by Annual Re
views, Inc.
Included in the volume are tech
nical articles by Dr. Windsor C.
Cutting and Dr. Sidney RafTel, both
members of the Stanford Medical
School faculty.
Outstanding scientists from all
over the world are chosen each year
to summarize the major research
developments in their field during
the past 12 months. These guest au
thors receive no payment for their
contributions.
The Annual Review of Microbiol
ogy for 1049, edited by Dr. Charles
E. Clifton of Stanford University,
has just been published, it was an
nounced yesterady by Annual Re
views, Inc.
Included in the volume are tech
nical articles by Dr. Windsor C.
Cutting and Dr. Sidney RafTel, both
members of the Stanford Medical
School faculty.
Outstanding scientists from all
over the world are chosen each year
to summarize the major research
developments in their field during
the past 12 months. These guest au
thors receive no payment for their
contributions.
The Annual Review of Microbiol
ogy for 1049, edited by Dr. Charles
E. Clifton of Stanford University,
has just been published, it was an
nounced yesterady by Annual Re
views, Inc.
Included in the volume are tech
nical articles by Dr. Windsor C.
Cutting and Dr. Sidney RafTel, both
members of the Stanford Medical
School faculty.
Outstanding scientists from all
over the world are chosen each year
to summarize the major research
developments in their field during
the past 12 months. These guest au
thors receive no payment for their
contributions.
The Annual Review of Microbiol
ogy for 1049, edited by Dr. Charles
E. Clifton of Stanford University,
has just been published, it was an
nounced yesterady by Annual Re
views, Inc.
Included in the volume are tech
nical articles by Dr. Windsor C.
Cutting and Dr. Sidney RafTel, both
members of the Stanford Medical
School faculty.
Outstanding scientists from all
over the world are chosen each year
to summarize the major research
developments in their field during
the past 12 months. These guest au
thors receive no payment for their
contributions.
The Annual Review of Microbiol
ogy for 1049, edited by Dr. Charles
E. Clifton of Stanford University,
has just been published, it was an
nounced yesterady by Annual Re
views, Inc.
Included in the volume are tech
nical articles by Dr. Windsor C.
Cutting and Dr. Sidney RafTel, both
members of the Stanford Medical
School faculty.
Outstanding scientists from all
over the world are chosen each year
to summarize the major research
developments in their field during
the past 12 months. These guest au
thors receive no payment for their
contributions.
The Annual Review of Microbiol
ogy for 1049, edited by Dr. Charles
E. Clifton of Stanford University,
has just been published, it was an
nounced yesterady by Annual Re
views, Inc.
Included in the volume are tech
nical articles by Dr. Windsor C.
Cutting and Dr. Sidney RafTel, both
members of the Stanford Medical
School faculty.
Outstanding scientists from all
over the world are chosen each year
to summarize the major research
developments in their field during
the past 12 months. These guest au
thors receive no payment for their
contributions.
The Annual Review of Microbiol
ogy for 1049, edited by Dr. Charles
E. Clifton of Stanford University,
has just been published, it was an
nounced yesterady by Annual Re
views, Inc.
Included in the volume are tech
nical articles by Dr. Windsor C.
Cutting and Dr. Sidney RafTel, both
members of the Stanford Medical
School faculty.
Outstanding scientists from all
over the world are chosen each year
to summarize the major research
developments in their field during
the past 12 months. These guest au
thors receive no payment for their
contributions.
The Annual Review of Microbiol
ogy for 1049, edited by Dr. Charles
E. Clifton of Stanford University,
has just been published, it was an
nounced yesterady by Annual Re
views, Inc.
Included in the volume are tech
nical articles by Dr. Windsor C.
Cutting and Dr. Sidney RafTel, both
members of the Stanford Medical
School faculty.
Outstanding scientists from all
over the world are chosen each year
to summarize the major research
developments in their field during
the past 12 months. These guest au
thors receive no payment for their
contributions.
