# MENTAL HEALTH PROGRAM
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10 (/Pi—ln
creased emphasis on prevention—
rather than treatment in Califor
nia's mental health was prop >si
tonight h- i; 'i ) V i..
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10 (/Pi—ln
creased emphasis on prevention—
rather than treatment in Califor
nia's mental health was prop >si
tonight h- i; 'i ) V i..
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10 (/Pi—ln
creased emphasis on prevention—
rather than treatment in Califor
nia's mental health was prop >si
tonight h- i; 'i ) V i..
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10 (/Pi—ln
creased emphasis on prevention—
rather than treatment in Califor
nia's mental health was prop >si
tonight h- i; 'i ) V i..
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10 (/Pi—ln
creased emphasis on prevention—
rather than treatment in Califor
nia's mental health was prop >si
tonight h- i; 'i ) V i..
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10 (/Pi—ln
creased emphasis on prevention—
rather than treatment in Califor
nia's mental health was prop >si
tonight h- i; 'i ) V i..
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10 (/Pi—ln
creased emphasis on prevention—
rather than treatment in Califor
nia's mental health was prop >si
tonight h- i; 'i ) V i..
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10 (/Pi—ln
creased emphasis on prevention—
rather than treatment in Califor
nia's mental health was prop >si
tonight h- i; 'i ) V i..
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10 (/Pi—ln
creased emphasis on prevention—
rather than treatment in Califor
nia's mental health was prop >si
tonight h- i; 'i ) V i..
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10 (/Pi—ln
creased emphasis on prevention—
rather than treatment in Califor
nia's mental health was prop >si
tonight h- i; 'i ) V i..
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10 (/Pi—ln
creased emphasis on prevention—
rather than treatment in Califor
nia's mental health was prop >si
tonight h- i; 'i ) V i..
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10 (/Pi—ln
creased emphasis on prevention—
rather than treatment in Califor
nia's mental health was prop >si
tonight h- i; 'i ) V i..
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10 (/Pi—ln
creased emphasis on prevention—
rather than treatment in Califor
nia's mental health was prop >si
tonight h- i; 'i ) V i..
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10 (/Pi—ln
creased emphasis on prevention—
rather than treatment in Califor
nia's mental health was prop >si
tonight h- i; 'i ) V i..
