# Tickets Still Available For Friday's Game
## 
### 
\ limited number of basketball
tickets for the game in the Pavil
ion Friday night have been
turned back from (.'al and will
be placed on sale at 8::t0 this
morning at the SAC ticket booth.
A few tickets are also available
for the game at Berkeley Satur
day night. If not all sold, these
tickets will be returned to Cal
tonight. The price for each game
is 50 cents. Student body cards
must be presented.
\ limited number of basketball
tickets for the game in the Pavil
ion Friday night have been
turned back from (.'al and will
be placed on sale at 8::t0 this
morning at the SAC ticket booth.
A few tickets are also available
for the game at Berkeley Satur
day night. If not all sold, these
tickets will be returned to Cal
tonight. The price for each game
is 50 cents. Student body cards
must be presented.
\ limited number of basketball
tickets for the game in the Pavil
ion Friday night have been
turned back from (.'al and will
be placed on sale at 8::t0 this
morning at the SAC ticket booth.
A few tickets are also available
for the game at Berkeley Satur
day night. If not all sold, these
tickets will be returned to Cal
tonight. The price for each game
is 50 cents. Student body cards
must be presented.
\ limited number of basketball
tickets for the game in the Pavil
ion Friday night have been
turned back from (.'al and will
be placed on sale at 8::t0 this
morning at the SAC ticket booth.
A few tickets are also available
for the game at Berkeley Satur
day night. If not all sold, these
tickets will be returned to Cal
tonight. The price for each game
is 50 cents. Student body cards
must be presented.
\ limited number of basketball
tickets for the game in the Pavil
ion Friday night have been
turned back from (.'al and will
be placed on sale at 8::t0 this
morning at the SAC ticket booth.
A few tickets are also available
for the game at Berkeley Satur
day night. If not all sold, these
tickets will be returned to Cal
tonight. The price for each game
is 50 cents. Student body cards
must be presented.
\ limited number of basketball
tickets for the game in the Pavil
ion Friday night have been
turned back from (.'al and will
be placed on sale at 8::t0 this
morning at the SAC ticket booth.
A few tickets are also available
for the game at Berkeley Satur
day night. If not all sold, these
tickets will be returned to Cal
tonight. The price for each game
is 50 cents. Student body cards
must be presented.
\ limited number of basketball
tickets for the game in the Pavil
ion Friday night have been
turned back from (.'al and will
be placed on sale at 8::t0 this
morning at the SAC ticket booth.
A few tickets are also available
for the game at Berkeley Satur
day night. If not all sold, these
tickets will be returned to Cal
tonight. The price for each game
is 50 cents. Student body cards
must be presented.
\ limited number of basketball
tickets for the game in the Pavil
ion Friday night have been
turned back from (.'al and will
be placed on sale at 8::t0 this
morning at the SAC ticket booth.
A few tickets are also available
for the game at Berkeley Satur
day night. If not all sold, these
tickets will be returned to Cal
tonight. The price for each game
is 50 cents. Student body cards
must be presented.
\ limited number of basketball
tickets for the game in the Pavil
ion Friday night have been
turned back from (.'al and will
be placed on sale at 8::t0 this
morning at the SAC ticket booth.
A few tickets are also available
for the game at Berkeley Satur
day night. If not all sold, these
tickets will be returned to Cal
tonight. The price for each game
is 50 cents. Student body cards
must be presented.
\ limited number of basketball
tickets for the game in the Pavil
ion Friday night have been
turned back from (.'al and will
be placed on sale at 8::t0 this
morning at the SAC ticket booth.
A few tickets are also available
for the game at Berkeley Satur
day night. If not all sold, these
tickets will be returned to Cal
tonight. The price for each game
is 50 cents. Student body cards
must be presented.
\ limited number of basketball
tickets for the game in the Pavil
ion Friday night have been
turned back from (.'al and will
be placed on sale at 8::t0 this
morning at the SAC ticket booth.
A few tickets are also available
for the game at Berkeley Satur
day night. If not all sold, these
tickets will be returned to Cal
tonight. The price for each game
is 50 cents. Student body cards
must be presented.
\ limited number of basketball
tickets for the game in the Pavil
ion Friday night have been
turned back from (.'al and will
be placed on sale at 8::t0 this
morning at the SAC ticket booth.
A few tickets are also available
for the game at Berkeley Satur
day night. If not all sold, these
tickets will be returned to Cal
tonight. The price for each game
is 50 cents. Student body cards
must be presented.
\ limited number of basketball
tickets for the game in the Pavil
ion Friday night have been
turned back from (.'al and will
be placed on sale at 8::t0 this
morning at the SAC ticket booth.
A few tickets are also available
for the game at Berkeley Satur
day night. If not all sold, these
tickets will be returned to Cal
tonight. The price for each game
is 50 cents. Student body cards
must be presented.
\ limited number of basketball
tickets for the game in the Pavil
ion Friday night have been
turned back from (.'al and will
be placed on sale at 8::t0 this
morning at the SAC ticket booth.
A few tickets are also available
for the game at Berkeley Satur
day night. If not all sold, these
tickets will be returned to Cal
tonight. The price for each game
is 50 cents. Student body cards
must be presented.
