# EFFICIENCY NOT DESIRED IN COLLEGE ORGANIZATIONS
## 
### 
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY—When
presented with a plan for improving
the efficiency of several campus or
ganizations, a member of the Columbia
Faculty Club said that he feared too
much efficiency. In college activities
men have a chance to make mistakes
without too great cost, which might
have very serious consequences if they
occurred "on the job" after gradua
tion.
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY—When
presented with a plan for improving
the efficiency of several campus or
ganizations, a member of the Columbia
Faculty Club said that he feared too
much efficiency. In college activities
men have a chance to make mistakes
without too great cost, which might
have very serious consequences if they
occurred "on the job" after gradua
tion.
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY—When
presented with a plan for improving
the efficiency of several campus or
ganizations, a member of the Columbia
Faculty Club said that he feared too
much efficiency. In college activities
men have a chance to make mistakes
without too great cost, which might
have very serious consequences if they
occurred "on the job" after gradua
tion.
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY—When
presented with a plan for improving
the efficiency of several campus or
ganizations, a member of the Columbia
Faculty Club said that he feared too
much efficiency. In college activities
men have a chance to make mistakes
without too great cost, which might
have very serious consequences if they
occurred "on the job" after gradua
tion.
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY—When
presented with a plan for improving
the efficiency of several campus or
ganizations, a member of the Columbia
Faculty Club said that he feared too
much efficiency. In college activities
men have a chance to make mistakes
without too great cost, which might
have very serious consequences if they
occurred "on the job" after gradua
tion.
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY—When
presented with a plan for improving
the efficiency of several campus or
ganizations, a member of the Columbia
Faculty Club said that he feared too
much efficiency. In college activities
men have a chance to make mistakes
without too great cost, which might
have very serious consequences if they
occurred "on the job" after gradua
tion.
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY—When
presented with a plan for improving
the efficiency of several campus or
ganizations, a member of the Columbia
Faculty Club said that he feared too
much efficiency. In college activities
men have a chance to make mistakes
without too great cost, which might
have very serious consequences if they
occurred "on the job" after gradua
tion.
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY—When
presented with a plan for improving
the efficiency of several campus or
ganizations, a member of the Columbia
Faculty Club said that he feared too
much efficiency. In college activities
men have a chance to make mistakes
without too great cost, which might
have very serious consequences if they
occurred "on the job" after gradua
tion.
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY—When
presented with a plan for improving
the efficiency of several campus or
ganizations, a member of the Columbia
Faculty Club said that he feared too
much efficiency. In college activities
men have a chance to make mistakes
without too great cost, which might
have very serious consequences if they
occurred "on the job" after gradua
tion.
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY—When
presented with a plan for improving
the efficiency of several campus or
ganizations, a member of the Columbia
Faculty Club said that he feared too
much efficiency. In college activities
men have a chance to make mistakes
without too great cost, which might
have very serious consequences if they
occurred "on the job" after gradua
tion.
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY—When
presented with a plan for improving
the efficiency of several campus or
ganizations, a member of the Columbia
Faculty Club said that he feared too
much efficiency. In college activities
men have a chance to make mistakes
without too great cost, which might
have very serious consequences if they
occurred "on the job" after gradua
tion.
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY—When
presented with a plan for improving
the efficiency of several campus or
ganizations, a member of the Columbia
Faculty Club said that he feared too
much efficiency. In college activities
men have a chance to make mistakes
without too great cost, which might
have very serious consequences if they
occurred "on the job" after gradua
tion.
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY—When
presented with a plan for improving
the efficiency of several campus or
ganizations, a member of the Columbia
Faculty Club said that he feared too
much efficiency. In college activities
men have a chance to make mistakes
without too great cost, which might
have very serious consequences if they
occurred "on the job" after gradua
tion.
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY—When
presented with a plan for improving
the efficiency of several campus or
ganizations, a member of the Columbia
Faculty Club said that he feared too
much efficiency. In college activities
men have a chance to make mistakes
without too great cost, which might
have very serious consequences if they
occurred "on the job" after gradua
tion.
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY—When
presented with a plan for improving
the efficiency of several campus or
ganizations, a member of the Columbia
Faculty Club said that he feared too
much efficiency. In college activities
men have a chance to make mistakes
without too great cost, which might
have very serious consequences if they
occurred "on the job" after gradua
tion.
