# GREEK LETTER HOUSES RESTORED AT MONMOUTH
## 
### 
After a period of 49 years, authori
ties at Monmouth College, Monmouth,
111., have removed the barrier and
Greek letter societies are being re
established on the campus. Four local
sororities are already occupying
houses. Monmouth' is the birthplace
of two great national sororities, Pi
Beta Phi and Kappa Kappa Gamma.
In 1874, however, all Greek letter or
ganizations were banished from the
college.
After a period of 49 years, authori
ties at Monmouth College, Monmouth,
111., have removed the barrier and
Greek letter societies are being re
established on the campus. Four local
sororities are already occupying
houses. Monmouth' is the birthplace
of two great national sororities, Pi
Beta Phi and Kappa Kappa Gamma.
In 1874, however, all Greek letter or
ganizations were banished from the
college.
After a period of 49 years, authori
ties at Monmouth College, Monmouth,
111., have removed the barrier and
Greek letter societies are being re
established on the campus. Four local
sororities are already occupying
houses. Monmouth' is the birthplace
of two great national sororities, Pi
Beta Phi and Kappa Kappa Gamma.
In 1874, however, all Greek letter or
ganizations were banished from the
college.
After a period of 49 years, authori
ties at Monmouth College, Monmouth,
111., have removed the barrier and
Greek letter societies are being re
established on the campus. Four local
sororities are already occupying
houses. Monmouth' is the birthplace
of two great national sororities, Pi
Beta Phi and Kappa Kappa Gamma.
In 1874, however, all Greek letter or
ganizations were banished from the
college.
After a period of 49 years, authori
ties at Monmouth College, Monmouth,
111., have removed the barrier and
Greek letter societies are being re
established on the campus. Four local
sororities are already occupying
houses. Monmouth' is the birthplace
of two great national sororities, Pi
Beta Phi and Kappa Kappa Gamma.
In 1874, however, all Greek letter or
ganizations were banished from the
college.
After a period of 49 years, authori
ties at Monmouth College, Monmouth,
111., have removed the barrier and
Greek letter societies are being re
established on the campus. Four local
sororities are already occupying
houses. Monmouth' is the birthplace
of two great national sororities, Pi
Beta Phi and Kappa Kappa Gamma.
In 1874, however, all Greek letter or
ganizations were banished from the
college.
After a period of 49 years, authori
ties at Monmouth College, Monmouth,
111., have removed the barrier and
Greek letter societies are being re
established on the campus. Four local
sororities are already occupying
houses. Monmouth' is the birthplace
of two great national sororities, Pi
Beta Phi and Kappa Kappa Gamma.
In 1874, however, all Greek letter or
ganizations were banished from the
college.
After a period of 49 years, authori
ties at Monmouth College, Monmouth,
111., have removed the barrier and
Greek letter societies are being re
established on the campus. Four local
sororities are already occupying
houses. Monmouth' is the birthplace
of two great national sororities, Pi
Beta Phi and Kappa Kappa Gamma.
In 1874, however, all Greek letter or
ganizations were banished from the
college.
After a period of 49 years, authori
ties at Monmouth College, Monmouth,
111., have removed the barrier and
Greek letter societies are being re
established on the campus. Four local
sororities are already occupying
houses. Monmouth' is the birthplace
of two great national sororities, Pi
Beta Phi and Kappa Kappa Gamma.
In 1874, however, all Greek letter or
ganizations were banished from the
college.
After a period of 49 years, authori
ties at Monmouth College, Monmouth,
111., have removed the barrier and
Greek letter societies are being re
established on the campus. Four local
sororities are already occupying
houses. Monmouth' is the birthplace
of two great national sororities, Pi
Beta Phi and Kappa Kappa Gamma.
In 1874, however, all Greek letter or
ganizations were banished from the
college.
After a period of 49 years, authori
ties at Monmouth College, Monmouth,
111., have removed the barrier and
Greek letter societies are being re
established on the campus. Four local
sororities are already occupying
houses. Monmouth' is the birthplace
of two great national sororities, Pi
Beta Phi and Kappa Kappa Gamma.
In 1874, however, all Greek letter or
ganizations were banished from the
college.
After a period of 49 years, authori
ties at Monmouth College, Monmouth,
111., have removed the barrier and
Greek letter societies are being re
established on the campus. Four local
sororities are already occupying
houses. Monmouth' is the birthplace
of two great national sororities, Pi
Beta Phi and Kappa Kappa Gamma.
In 1874, however, all Greek letter or
ganizations were banished from the
college.
After a period of 49 years, authori
ties at Monmouth College, Monmouth,
111., have removed the barrier and
Greek letter societies are being re
established on the campus. Four local
sororities are already occupying
houses. Monmouth' is the birthplace
of two great national sororities, Pi
Beta Phi and Kappa Kappa Gamma.
In 1874, however, all Greek letter or
ganizations were banished from the
college.
After a period of 49 years, authori
ties at Monmouth College, Monmouth,
111., have removed the barrier and
Greek letter societies are being re
established on the campus. Four local
sororities are already occupying
houses. Monmouth' is the birthplace
of two great national sororities, Pi
Beta Phi and Kappa Kappa Gamma.
In 1874, however, all Greek letter or
ganizations were banished from the
college.
After a period of 49 years, authori
ties at Monmouth College, Monmouth,
111., have removed the barrier and
Greek letter societies are being re
established on the campus. Four local
sororities are already occupying
houses. Monmouth' is the birthplace
of two great national sororities, Pi
Beta Phi and Kappa Kappa Gamma.
In 1874, however, all Greek letter or
ganizations were banished from the
college.
