# PROFITABLE SEASON FOR MUDDY SHOES ANNOUNCED BY POP
## 
### 
Last year has been one of the most
successful seasons in the shoe-shining
profession, according to "Pop" Harris,
wizard of the "polisher" and other kin
dred implements. "Pop" gave highest
praise to the sorority women and campus
"snakes" "The women," he declared,
"arc more particular than the men. They
compose the largest part of my trade."
"Pop" is very much in favor of all
football games. On the day of the Stan
ford-California game last quarter he
shined more than a hundred pairs of
shoes. Ordinarily, trade varies from 8
to 10 shines a day to 25 or 30. Trade is,
however, increased by rain and mud.
"After the rain, you should see them
come in," remarked "Pop." "Of course,
it's a great deal of work and it takes
some time to clean the shoes off, how
ever." "Pop's" cheery grin indicated his
appreciation of the rain.
Last year has been one of the most
successful seasons in the shoe-shining
profession, according to "Pop" Harris,
wizard of the "polisher" and other kin
dred implements. "Pop" gave highest
praise to the sorority women and campus
"snakes" "The women," he declared,
"arc more particular than the men. They
compose the largest part of my trade."
"Pop" is very much in favor of all
football games. On the day of the Stan
ford-California game last quarter he
shined more than a hundred pairs of
shoes. Ordinarily, trade varies from 8
to 10 shines a day to 25 or 30. Trade is,
however, increased by rain and mud.
"After the rain, you should see them
come in," remarked "Pop." "Of course,
it's a great deal of work and it takes
some time to clean the shoes off, how
ever." "Pop's" cheery grin indicated his
appreciation of the rain.
Last year has been one of the most
successful seasons in the shoe-shining
profession, according to "Pop" Harris,
wizard of the "polisher" and other kin
dred implements. "Pop" gave highest
praise to the sorority women and campus
"snakes" "The women," he declared,
"arc more particular than the men. They
compose the largest part of my trade."
"Pop" is very much in favor of all
football games. On the day of the Stan
ford-California game last quarter he
shined more than a hundred pairs of
shoes. Ordinarily, trade varies from 8
to 10 shines a day to 25 or 30. Trade is,
however, increased by rain and mud.
"After the rain, you should see them
come in," remarked "Pop." "Of course,
it's a great deal of work and it takes
some time to clean the shoes off, how
ever." "Pop's" cheery grin indicated his
appreciation of the rain.
Last year has been one of the most
successful seasons in the shoe-shining
profession, according to "Pop" Harris,
wizard of the "polisher" and other kin
dred implements. "Pop" gave highest
praise to the sorority women and campus
"snakes" "The women," he declared,
"arc more particular than the men. They
compose the largest part of my trade."
"Pop" is very much in favor of all
football games. On the day of the Stan
ford-California game last quarter he
shined more than a hundred pairs of
shoes. Ordinarily, trade varies from 8
to 10 shines a day to 25 or 30. Trade is,
however, increased by rain and mud.
"After the rain, you should see them
come in," remarked "Pop." "Of course,
it's a great deal of work and it takes
some time to clean the shoes off, how
ever." "Pop's" cheery grin indicated his
appreciation of the rain.
Last year has been one of the most
successful seasons in the shoe-shining
profession, according to "Pop" Harris,
wizard of the "polisher" and other kin
dred implements. "Pop" gave highest
praise to the sorority women and campus
"snakes" "The women," he declared,
"arc more particular than the men. They
compose the largest part of my trade."
"Pop" is very much in favor of all
football games. On the day of the Stan
ford-California game last quarter he
shined more than a hundred pairs of
shoes. Ordinarily, trade varies from 8
to 10 shines a day to 25 or 30. Trade is,
however, increased by rain and mud.
"After the rain, you should see them
come in," remarked "Pop." "Of course,
it's a great deal of work and it takes
some time to clean the shoes off, how
ever." "Pop's" cheery grin indicated his
appreciation of the rain.
Last year has been one of the most
successful seasons in the shoe-shining
profession, according to "Pop" Harris,
wizard of the "polisher" and other kin
dred implements. "Pop" gave highest
praise to the sorority women and campus
"snakes" "The women," he declared,
"arc more particular than the men. They
compose the largest part of my trade."
"Pop" is very much in favor of all
football games. On the day of the Stan
ford-California game last quarter he
shined more than a hundred pairs of
shoes. Ordinarily, trade varies from 8
to 10 shines a day to 25 or 30. Trade is,
however, increased by rain and mud.
"After the rain, you should see them
come in," remarked "Pop." "Of course,
it's a great deal of work and it takes
some time to clean the shoes off, how
ever." "Pop's" cheery grin indicated his
appreciation of the rain.
Last year has been one of the most
successful seasons in the shoe-shining
profession, according to "Pop" Harris,
wizard of the "polisher" and other kin
dred implements. "Pop" gave highest
praise to the sorority women and campus
"snakes" "The women," he declared,
"arc more particular than the men. They
compose the largest part of my trade."
"Pop" is very much in favor of all
football games. On the day of the Stan
ford-California game last quarter he
shined more than a hundred pairs of
shoes. Ordinarily, trade varies from 8
to 10 shines a day to 25 or 30. Trade is,
however, increased by rain and mud.
"After the rain, you should see them
come in," remarked "Pop." "Of course,
it's a great deal of work and it takes
some time to clean the shoes off, how
ever." "Pop's" cheery grin indicated his
appreciation of the rain.
Last year has been one of the most
successful seasons in the shoe-shining
profession, according to "Pop" Harris,
wizard of the "polisher" and other kin
dred implements. "Pop" gave highest
praise to the sorority women and campus
"snakes" "The women," he declared,
"arc more particular than the men. They
compose the largest part of my trade."
"Pop" is very much in favor of all
football games. On the day of the Stan
ford-California game last quarter he
shined more than a hundred pairs of
shoes. Ordinarily, trade varies from 8
to 10 shines a day to 25 or 30. Trade is,
however, increased by rain and mud.
"After the rain, you should see them
come in," remarked "Pop." "Of course,
it's a great deal of work and it takes
some time to clean the shoes off, how
ever." "Pop's" cheery grin indicated his
appreciation of the rain.
Last year has been one of the most
successful seasons in the shoe-shining
profession, according to "Pop" Harris,
wizard of the "polisher" and other kin
dred implements. "Pop" gave highest
praise to the sorority women and campus
"snakes" "The women," he declared,
"arc more particular than the men. They
compose the largest part of my trade."
"Pop" is very much in favor of all
football games. On the day of the Stan
ford-California game last quarter he
shined more than a hundred pairs of
shoes. Ordinarily, trade varies from 8
to 10 shines a day to 25 or 30. Trade is,
however, increased by rain and mud.
"After the rain, you should see them
come in," remarked "Pop." "Of course,
it's a great deal of work and it takes
some time to clean the shoes off, how
ever." "Pop's" cheery grin indicated his
appreciation of the rain.
Last year has been one of the most
successful seasons in the shoe-shining
profession, according to "Pop" Harris,
wizard of the "polisher" and other kin
dred implements. "Pop" gave highest
praise to the sorority women and campus
"snakes" "The women," he declared,
"arc more particular than the men. They
compose the largest part of my trade."
"Pop" is very much in favor of all
football games. On the day of the Stan
ford-California game last quarter he
shined more than a hundred pairs of
shoes. Ordinarily, trade varies from 8
to 10 shines a day to 25 or 30. Trade is,
however, increased by rain and mud.
"After the rain, you should see them
come in," remarked "Pop." "Of course,
it's a great deal of work and it takes
some time to clean the shoes off, how
ever." "Pop's" cheery grin indicated his
appreciation of the rain.
Last year has been one of the most
successful seasons in the shoe-shining
profession, according to "Pop" Harris,
wizard of the "polisher" and other kin
dred implements. "Pop" gave highest
praise to the sorority women and campus
"snakes" "The women," he declared,
"arc more particular than the men. They
compose the largest part of my trade."
"Pop" is very much in favor of all
football games. On the day of the Stan
ford-California game last quarter he
shined more than a hundred pairs of
shoes. Ordinarily, trade varies from 8
to 10 shines a day to 25 or 30. Trade is,
however, increased by rain and mud.
"After the rain, you should see them
come in," remarked "Pop." "Of course,
it's a great deal of work and it takes
some time to clean the shoes off, how
ever." "Pop's" cheery grin indicated his
appreciation of the rain.
Last year has been one of the most
successful seasons in the shoe-shining
profession, according to "Pop" Harris,
wizard of the "polisher" and other kin
dred implements. "Pop" gave highest
praise to the sorority women and campus
"snakes" "The women," he declared,
"arc more particular than the men. They
compose the largest part of my trade."
"Pop" is very much in favor of all
football games. On the day of the Stan
ford-California game last quarter he
shined more than a hundred pairs of
shoes. Ordinarily, trade varies from 8
to 10 shines a day to 25 or 30. Trade is,
however, increased by rain and mud.
"After the rain, you should see them
come in," remarked "Pop." "Of course,
it's a great deal of work and it takes
some time to clean the shoes off, how
ever." "Pop's" cheery grin indicated his
appreciation of the rain.
Last year has been one of the most
successful seasons in the shoe-shining
profession, according to "Pop" Harris,
wizard of the "polisher" and other kin
dred implements. "Pop" gave highest
praise to the sorority women and campus
"snakes" "The women," he declared,
"arc more particular than the men. They
compose the largest part of my trade."
"Pop" is very much in favor of all
football games. On the day of the Stan
ford-California game last quarter he
shined more than a hundred pairs of
shoes. Ordinarily, trade varies from 8
to 10 shines a day to 25 or 30. Trade is,
however, increased by rain and mud.
"After the rain, you should see them
come in," remarked "Pop." "Of course,
it's a great deal of work and it takes
some time to clean the shoes off, how
ever." "Pop's" cheery grin indicated his
appreciation of the rain.
Last year has been one of the most
successful seasons in the shoe-shining
profession, according to "Pop" Harris,
wizard of the "polisher" and other kin
dred implements. "Pop" gave highest
praise to the sorority women and campus
"snakes" "The women," he declared,
"arc more particular than the men. They
compose the largest part of my trade."
"Pop" is very much in favor of all
football games. On the day of the Stan
ford-California game last quarter he
shined more than a hundred pairs of
shoes. Ordinarily, trade varies from 8
to 10 shines a day to 25 or 30. Trade is,
however, increased by rain and mud.
"After the rain, you should see them
come in," remarked "Pop." "Of course,
it's a great deal of work and it takes
some time to clean the shoes off, how
ever." "Pop's" cheery grin indicated his
appreciation of the rain.
Last year has been one of the most
successful seasons in the shoe-shining
profession, according to "Pop" Harris,
wizard of the "polisher" and other kin
dred implements. "Pop" gave highest
praise to the sorority women and campus
"snakes" "The women," he declared,
"arc more particular than the men. They
compose the largest part of my trade."
"Pop" is very much in favor of all
football games. On the day of the Stan
ford-California game last quarter he
shined more than a hundred pairs of
shoes. Ordinarily, trade varies from 8
to 10 shines a day to 25 or 30. Trade is,
however, increased by rain and mud.
"After the rain, you should see them
come in," remarked "Pop." "Of course,
it's a great deal of work and it takes
some time to clean the shoes off, how
ever." "Pop's" cheery grin indicated his
appreciation of the rain.
