# Rendevous
## 
### 
Jazz reviewer seeks student
cartoonist friend,. Need good
sense of humor, heavy analysis,
picaresque pen. Meet at the
DAILY office, any afternoon this
week.
Jazz reviewer seeks student
cartoonist friend,. Need good
sense of humor, heavy analysis,
picaresque pen. Meet at the
DAILY office, any afternoon this
week.
Jazz reviewer seeks student
cartoonist friend,. Need good
sense of humor, heavy analysis,
picaresque pen. Meet at the
DAILY office, any afternoon this
week.
Jazz reviewer seeks student
cartoonist friend,. Need good
sense of humor, heavy analysis,
picaresque pen. Meet at the
DAILY office, any afternoon this
week.
Jazz reviewer seeks student
cartoonist friend,. Need good
sense of humor, heavy analysis,
picaresque pen. Meet at the
DAILY office, any afternoon this
week.
Jazz reviewer seeks student
cartoonist friend,. Need good
sense of humor, heavy analysis,
picaresque pen. Meet at the
DAILY office, any afternoon this
week.
Jazz reviewer seeks student
cartoonist friend,. Need good
sense of humor, heavy analysis,
picaresque pen. Meet at the
DAILY office, any afternoon this
week.
Jazz reviewer seeks student
cartoonist friend,. Need good
sense of humor, heavy analysis,
picaresque pen. Meet at the
DAILY office, any afternoon this
week.
Jazz reviewer seeks student
cartoonist friend,. Need good
sense of humor, heavy analysis,
picaresque pen. Meet at the
DAILY office, any afternoon this
week.
Jazz reviewer seeks student
cartoonist friend,. Need good
sense of humor, heavy analysis,
picaresque pen. Meet at the
DAILY office, any afternoon this
week.
Jazz reviewer seeks student
cartoonist friend,. Need good
sense of humor, heavy analysis,
picaresque pen. Meet at the
DAILY office, any afternoon this
week.
Jazz reviewer seeks student
cartoonist friend,. Need good
sense of humor, heavy analysis,
picaresque pen. Meet at the
DAILY office, any afternoon this
week.
Jazz reviewer seeks student
cartoonist friend,. Need good
sense of humor, heavy analysis,
picaresque pen. Meet at the
DAILY office, any afternoon this
week.
Jazz reviewer seeks student
cartoonist friend,. Need good
sense of humor, heavy analysis,
picaresque pen. Meet at the
DAILY office, any afternoon this
week.
Jazz reviewer seeks student
cartoonist friend,. Need good
sense of humor, heavy analysis,
picaresque pen. Meet at the
DAILY office, any afternoon this
week.
