# Professor Espinosa Back Today From Eastern Trip
## 
### 
Professor A. M. Espinosa, of the
Romanic Languages department, re
turned today from the feast where he
has been attending the meetings of
various philological societies. On De
cember 22 he addressed a meeting of
the American Association of Teachers
of Spanish, in Denver, on "The Na
tional Drama of Spain." In New York
he attended the first meeting of the
newly organized Linguistic Society of
America, of which he was one of the
organizers, and was one of the speak
ers at the dinner of the members of
the Modern Language Association,
viiich was held at the Hotel Pennsyl
vania on December 30.
From New York, Professor Espinosa
went to Washington to preside at the
meetings of the American Folk-lore
Society of which he is president, Janu
ary 1-3, and there he read a chapter
of his recent studies in comparativ3
folk-lore.
A tour of Europe at the flat rate of
$330 is being offered to students at
McGill University. This includes stop
overs in all important cities and ten
university centers.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, of the
Romanic Languages department, re
turned today from the feast where he
has been attending the meetings of
various philological societies. On De
cember 22 he addressed a meeting of
the American Association of Teachers
of Spanish, in Denver, on "The Na
tional Drama of Spain." In New York
he attended the first meeting of the
newly organized Linguistic Society of
America, of which he was one of the
organizers, and was one of the speak
ers at the dinner of the members of
the Modern Language Association,
viiich was held at the Hotel Pennsyl
vania on December 30.
From New York, Professor Espinosa
went to Washington to preside at the
meetings of the American Folk-lore
Society of which he is president, Janu
ary 1-3, and there he read a chapter
of his recent studies in comparativ3
folk-lore.
A tour of Europe at the flat rate of
$330 is being offered to students at
McGill University. This includes stop
overs in all important cities and ten
university centers.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, of the
Romanic Languages department, re
turned today from the feast where he
has been attending the meetings of
various philological societies. On De
cember 22 he addressed a meeting of
the American Association of Teachers
of Spanish, in Denver, on "The Na
tional Drama of Spain." In New York
he attended the first meeting of the
newly organized Linguistic Society of
America, of which he was one of the
organizers, and was one of the speak
ers at the dinner of the members of
the Modern Language Association,
viiich was held at the Hotel Pennsyl
vania on December 30.
From New York, Professor Espinosa
went to Washington to preside at the
meetings of the American Folk-lore
Society of which he is president, Janu
ary 1-3, and there he read a chapter
of his recent studies in comparativ3
folk-lore.
A tour of Europe at the flat rate of
$330 is being offered to students at
McGill University. This includes stop
overs in all important cities and ten
university centers.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, of the
Romanic Languages department, re
turned today from the feast where he
has been attending the meetings of
various philological societies. On De
cember 22 he addressed a meeting of
the American Association of Teachers
of Spanish, in Denver, on "The Na
tional Drama of Spain." In New York
he attended the first meeting of the
newly organized Linguistic Society of
America, of which he was one of the
organizers, and was one of the speak
ers at the dinner of the members of
the Modern Language Association,
viiich was held at the Hotel Pennsyl
vania on December 30.
From New York, Professor Espinosa
went to Washington to preside at the
meetings of the American Folk-lore
Society of which he is president, Janu
ary 1-3, and there he read a chapter
of his recent studies in comparativ3
folk-lore.
A tour of Europe at the flat rate of
$330 is being offered to students at
McGill University. This includes stop
overs in all important cities and ten
university centers.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, of the
Romanic Languages department, re
turned today from the feast where he
has been attending the meetings of
various philological societies. On De
cember 22 he addressed a meeting of
the American Association of Teachers
of Spanish, in Denver, on "The Na
tional Drama of Spain." In New York
he attended the first meeting of the
newly organized Linguistic Society of
America, of which he was one of the
organizers, and was one of the speak
ers at the dinner of the members of
the Modern Language Association,
viiich was held at the Hotel Pennsyl
vania on December 30.
From New York, Professor Espinosa
went to Washington to preside at the
meetings of the American Folk-lore
Society of which he is president, Janu
ary 1-3, and there he read a chapter
of his recent studies in comparativ3
folk-lore.
A tour of Europe at the flat rate of
$330 is being offered to students at
McGill University. This includes stop
overs in all important cities and ten
university centers.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, of the
Romanic Languages department, re
turned today from the feast where he
has been attending the meetings of
various philological societies. On De
cember 22 he addressed a meeting of
the American Association of Teachers
of Spanish, in Denver, on "The Na
tional Drama of Spain." In New York
he attended the first meeting of the
newly organized Linguistic Society of
America, of which he was one of the
organizers, and was one of the speak
ers at the dinner of the members of
the Modern Language Association,
viiich was held at the Hotel Pennsyl
vania on December 30.
From New York, Professor Espinosa
went to Washington to preside at the
meetings of the American Folk-lore
Society of which he is president, Janu
ary 1-3, and there he read a chapter
of his recent studies in comparativ3
folk-lore.
A tour of Europe at the flat rate of
$330 is being offered to students at
McGill University. This includes stop
overs in all important cities and ten
university centers.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, of the
Romanic Languages department, re
turned today from the feast where he
has been attending the meetings of
various philological societies. On De
cember 22 he addressed a meeting of
the American Association of Teachers
of Spanish, in Denver, on "The Na
tional Drama of Spain." In New York
he attended the first meeting of the
newly organized Linguistic Society of
America, of which he was one of the
organizers, and was one of the speak
ers at the dinner of the members of
the Modern Language Association,
viiich was held at the Hotel Pennsyl
vania on December 30.
From New York, Professor Espinosa
went to Washington to preside at the
meetings of the American Folk-lore
Society of which he is president, Janu
ary 1-3, and there he read a chapter
of his recent studies in comparativ3
folk-lore.
A tour of Europe at the flat rate of
$330 is being offered to students at
McGill University. This includes stop
overs in all important cities and ten
university centers.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, of the
Romanic Languages department, re
turned today from the feast where he
has been attending the meetings of
various philological societies. On De
cember 22 he addressed a meeting of
the American Association of Teachers
of Spanish, in Denver, on "The Na
tional Drama of Spain." In New York
he attended the first meeting of the
newly organized Linguistic Society of
America, of which he was one of the
organizers, and was one of the speak
ers at the dinner of the members of
the Modern Language Association,
viiich was held at the Hotel Pennsyl
vania on December 30.
From New York, Professor Espinosa
went to Washington to preside at the
meetings of the American Folk-lore
Society of which he is president, Janu
ary 1-3, and there he read a chapter
of his recent studies in comparativ3
folk-lore.
A tour of Europe at the flat rate of
$330 is being offered to students at
McGill University. This includes stop
overs in all important cities and ten
university centers.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, of the
Romanic Languages department, re
turned today from the feast where he
has been attending the meetings of
various philological societies. On De
cember 22 he addressed a meeting of
the American Association of Teachers
of Spanish, in Denver, on "The Na
tional Drama of Spain." In New York
he attended the first meeting of the
newly organized Linguistic Society of
America, of which he was one of the
organizers, and was one of the speak
ers at the dinner of the members of
the Modern Language Association,
viiich was held at the Hotel Pennsyl
vania on December 30.
From New York, Professor Espinosa
went to Washington to preside at the
meetings of the American Folk-lore
Society of which he is president, Janu
ary 1-3, and there he read a chapter
of his recent studies in comparativ3
folk-lore.
A tour of Europe at the flat rate of
$330 is being offered to students at
McGill University. This includes stop
overs in all important cities and ten
university centers.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, of the
Romanic Languages department, re
turned today from the feast where he
has been attending the meetings of
various philological societies. On De
cember 22 he addressed a meeting of
the American Association of Teachers
of Spanish, in Denver, on "The Na
tional Drama of Spain." In New York
he attended the first meeting of the
newly organized Linguistic Society of
America, of which he was one of the
organizers, and was one of the speak
ers at the dinner of the members of
the Modern Language Association,
viiich was held at the Hotel Pennsyl
vania on December 30.
From New York, Professor Espinosa
went to Washington to preside at the
meetings of the American Folk-lore
Society of which he is president, Janu
ary 1-3, and there he read a chapter
of his recent studies in comparativ3
folk-lore.
A tour of Europe at the flat rate of
$330 is being offered to students at
McGill University. This includes stop
overs in all important cities and ten
university centers.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, of the
Romanic Languages department, re
turned today from the feast where he
has been attending the meetings of
various philological societies. On De
cember 22 he addressed a meeting of
the American Association of Teachers
of Spanish, in Denver, on "The Na
tional Drama of Spain." In New York
he attended the first meeting of the
newly organized Linguistic Society of
America, of which he was one of the
organizers, and was one of the speak
ers at the dinner of the members of
the Modern Language Association,
viiich was held at the Hotel Pennsyl
vania on December 30.
From New York, Professor Espinosa
went to Washington to preside at the
meetings of the American Folk-lore
Society of which he is president, Janu
ary 1-3, and there he read a chapter
of his recent studies in comparativ3
folk-lore.
A tour of Europe at the flat rate of
$330 is being offered to students at
McGill University. This includes stop
overs in all important cities and ten
university centers.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, of the
Romanic Languages department, re
turned today from the feast where he
has been attending the meetings of
various philological societies. On De
cember 22 he addressed a meeting of
the American Association of Teachers
of Spanish, in Denver, on "The Na
tional Drama of Spain." In New York
he attended the first meeting of the
newly organized Linguistic Society of
America, of which he was one of the
organizers, and was one of the speak
ers at the dinner of the members of
the Modern Language Association,
viiich was held at the Hotel Pennsyl
vania on December 30.
From New York, Professor Espinosa
went to Washington to preside at the
meetings of the American Folk-lore
Society of which he is president, Janu
ary 1-3, and there he read a chapter
of his recent studies in comparativ3
folk-lore.
A tour of Europe at the flat rate of
$330 is being offered to students at
McGill University. This includes stop
overs in all important cities and ten
university centers.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, of the
Romanic Languages department, re
turned today from the feast where he
has been attending the meetings of
various philological societies. On De
cember 22 he addressed a meeting of
the American Association of Teachers
of Spanish, in Denver, on "The Na
tional Drama of Spain." In New York
he attended the first meeting of the
newly organized Linguistic Society of
America, of which he was one of the
organizers, and was one of the speak
ers at the dinner of the members of
the Modern Language Association,
viiich was held at the Hotel Pennsyl
vania on December 30.
From New York, Professor Espinosa
went to Washington to preside at the
meetings of the American Folk-lore
Society of which he is president, Janu
ary 1-3, and there he read a chapter
of his recent studies in comparativ3
folk-lore.
A tour of Europe at the flat rate of
$330 is being offered to students at
McGill University. This includes stop
overs in all important cities and ten
university centers.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, of the
Romanic Languages department, re
turned today from the feast where he
has been attending the meetings of
various philological societies. On De
cember 22 he addressed a meeting of
the American Association of Teachers
of Spanish, in Denver, on "The Na
tional Drama of Spain." In New York
he attended the first meeting of the
newly organized Linguistic Society of
America, of which he was one of the
organizers, and was one of the speak
ers at the dinner of the members of
the Modern Language Association,
viiich was held at the Hotel Pennsyl
vania on December 30.
From New York, Professor Espinosa
went to Washington to preside at the
meetings of the American Folk-lore
Society of which he is president, Janu
ary 1-3, and there he read a chapter
of his recent studies in comparativ3
folk-lore.
A tour of Europe at the flat rate of
$330 is being offered to students at
McGill University. This includes stop
overs in all important cities and ten
university centers.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, of the
Romanic Languages department, re
turned today from the feast where he
has been attending the meetings of
various philological societies. On De
cember 22 he addressed a meeting of
the American Association of Teachers
of Spanish, in Denver, on "The Na
tional Drama of Spain." In New York
he attended the first meeting of the
newly organized Linguistic Society of
America, of which he was one of the
organizers, and was one of the speak
ers at the dinner of the members of
the Modern Language Association,
viiich was held at the Hotel Pennsyl
vania on December 30.
From New York, Professor Espinosa
went to Washington to preside at the
meetings of the American Folk-lore
Society of which he is president, Janu
ary 1-3, and there he read a chapter
of his recent studies in comparativ3
folk-lore.
A tour of Europe at the flat rate of
$330 is being offered to students at
McGill University. This includes stop
overs in all important cities and ten
university centers.
