# On'n Off Campus
## 
### 
Professor and Mrs. Karl G. Rendtorff
and their daughter, Gertrude, have re
turned to the Stanford campus after
six months of travel abroad.
* * *
Jessie Smith, sister of Professor S.
A. Smith of the French department, is
at present traveling in Europe. She
will return to the campus next Octo
ber.
♦ ♦ *

Professor A. G. Guerard, a formor
professor of French at Stanford, visit
ed the campus for a few days last
week. Mrs. Guerard and the children
are in France. From Stanford Guerard
Professor and Mrs. Karl G. Rendtorff
and their daughter, Gertrude, have re
turned to the Stanford campus after
six months of travel abroad.
* * *
Jessie Smith, sister of Professor S.
A. Smith of the French department, is
at present traveling in Europe. She
will return to the campus next Octo
ber.
♦ ♦ *

Professor A. G. Guerard, a formor
professor of French at Stanford, visit
ed the campus for a few days last
week. Mrs. Guerard and the children
are in France. From Stanford Guerard
Professor and Mrs. Karl G. Rendtorff
and their daughter, Gertrude, have re
turned to the Stanford campus after
six months of travel abroad.
* * *
Jessie Smith, sister of Professor S.
A. Smith of the French department, is
at present traveling in Europe. She
will return to the campus next Octo
ber.
♦ ♦ *

Professor A. G. Guerard, a formor
professor of French at Stanford, visit
ed the campus for a few days last
week. Mrs. Guerard and the children
are in France. From Stanford Guerard
Professor and Mrs. Karl G. Rendtorff
and their daughter, Gertrude, have re
turned to the Stanford campus after
six months of travel abroad.
* * *
Jessie Smith, sister of Professor S.
A. Smith of the French department, is
at present traveling in Europe. She
will return to the campus next Octo
ber.
♦ ♦ *

Professor A. G. Guerard, a formor
professor of French at Stanford, visit
ed the campus for a few days last
week. Mrs. Guerard and the children
are in France. From Stanford Guerard
Professor and Mrs. Karl G. Rendtorff
and their daughter, Gertrude, have re
turned to the Stanford campus after
six months of travel abroad.
* * *
Jessie Smith, sister of Professor S.
A. Smith of the French department, is
at present traveling in Europe. She
will return to the campus next Octo
ber.
♦ ♦ *

Professor A. G. Guerard, a formor
professor of French at Stanford, visit
ed the campus for a few days last
week. Mrs. Guerard and the children
are in France. From Stanford Guerard
Professor and Mrs. Karl G. Rendtorff
and their daughter, Gertrude, have re
turned to the Stanford campus after
six months of travel abroad.
* * *
Jessie Smith, sister of Professor S.
A. Smith of the French department, is
at present traveling in Europe. She
will return to the campus next Octo
ber.
♦ ♦ *

Professor A. G. Guerard, a formor
professor of French at Stanford, visit
ed the campus for a few days last
week. Mrs. Guerard and the children
are in France. From Stanford Guerard
Professor and Mrs. Karl G. Rendtorff
and their daughter, Gertrude, have re
turned to the Stanford campus after
six months of travel abroad.
* * *
Jessie Smith, sister of Professor S.
A. Smith of the French department, is
at present traveling in Europe. She
will return to the campus next Octo
ber.
♦ ♦ *

Professor A. G. Guerard, a formor
professor of French at Stanford, visit
ed the campus for a few days last
week. Mrs. Guerard and the children
are in France. From Stanford Guerard
Professor and Mrs. Karl G. Rendtorff
and their daughter, Gertrude, have re
turned to the Stanford campus after
six months of travel abroad.
* * *
Jessie Smith, sister of Professor S.
A. Smith of the French department, is
at present traveling in Europe. She
will return to the campus next Octo
ber.
♦ ♦ *

Professor A. G. Guerard, a formor
professor of French at Stanford, visit
ed the campus for a few days last
week. Mrs. Guerard and the children
are in France. From Stanford Guerard
Professor and Mrs. Karl G. Rendtorff
and their daughter, Gertrude, have re
turned to the Stanford campus after
six months of travel abroad.
* * *
Jessie Smith, sister of Professor S.
A. Smith of the French department, is
at present traveling in Europe. She
will return to the campus next Octo
ber.
♦ ♦ *

Professor A. G. Guerard, a formor
professor of French at Stanford, visit
ed the campus for a few days last
week. Mrs. Guerard and the children
are in France. From Stanford Guerard
Professor and Mrs. Karl G. Rendtorff
and their daughter, Gertrude, have re
turned to the Stanford campus after
six months of travel abroad.
* * *
Jessie Smith, sister of Professor S.
A. Smith of the French department, is
at present traveling in Europe. She
will return to the campus next Octo
ber.
♦ ♦ *

Professor A. G. Guerard, a formor
professor of French at Stanford, visit
ed the campus for a few days last
week. Mrs. Guerard and the children
are in France. From Stanford Guerard
Professor and Mrs. Karl G. Rendtorff
and their daughter, Gertrude, have re
turned to the Stanford campus after
six months of travel abroad.
* * *
Jessie Smith, sister of Professor S.
A. Smith of the French department, is
at present traveling in Europe. She
will return to the campus next Octo
ber.
♦ ♦ *

Professor A. G. Guerard, a formor
professor of French at Stanford, visit
ed the campus for a few days last
week. Mrs. Guerard and the children
are in France. From Stanford Guerard
Professor and Mrs. Karl G. Rendtorff
and their daughter, Gertrude, have re
turned to the Stanford campus after
six months of travel abroad.
* * *
Jessie Smith, sister of Professor S.
A. Smith of the French department, is
at present traveling in Europe. She
will return to the campus next Octo
ber.
♦ ♦ *

Professor A. G. Guerard, a formor
professor of French at Stanford, visit
ed the campus for a few days last
week. Mrs. Guerard and the children
are in France. From Stanford Guerard
Professor and Mrs. Karl G. Rendtorff
and their daughter, Gertrude, have re
turned to the Stanford campus after
six months of travel abroad.
* * *
Jessie Smith, sister of Professor S.
A. Smith of the French department, is
at present traveling in Europe. She
will return to the campus next Octo
ber.
♦ ♦ *

Professor A. G. Guerard, a formor
professor of French at Stanford, visit
ed the campus for a few days last
week. Mrs. Guerard and the children
are in France. From Stanford Guerard
Professor and Mrs. Karl G. Rendtorff
and their daughter, Gertrude, have re
turned to the Stanford campus after
six months of travel abroad.
* * *
Jessie Smith, sister of Professor S.
A. Smith of the French department, is
at present traveling in Europe. She
will return to the campus next Octo
ber.
♦ ♦ *

Professor A. G. Guerard, a formor
professor of French at Stanford, visit
ed the campus for a few days last
week. Mrs. Guerard and the children
are in France. From Stanford Guerard
Professor and Mrs. Karl G. Rendtorff
and their daughter, Gertrude, have re
turned to the Stanford campus after
six months of travel abroad.
* * *
Jessie Smith, sister of Professor S.
A. Smith of the French department, is
at present traveling in Europe. She
will return to the campus next Octo
ber.
♦ ♦ *

Professor A. G. Guerard, a formor
professor of French at Stanford, visit
ed the campus for a few days last
week. Mrs. Guerard and the children
are in France. From Stanford Guerard
