# Serbian Life Studied for Screen by Stanford Man
## 
### 
George A. Eremievsky, '22, former
Stanford student, has been at the Uni
versity for the past two days doing
research work in the Hoover War Li-
I brary for the Fox Films. Special at
tention is being paid to scenes and
facts relating to Serbian peasant life
as Fox plans to release soon a film
involving this as a setting.
Eoremievsky will return to Los An
geles January 9.
.
George A. Eremievsky, '22, former
Stanford student, has been at the Uni
versity for the past two days doing
research work in the Hoover War Li-
I brary for the Fox Films. Special at
tention is being paid to scenes and
facts relating to Serbian peasant life
as Fox plans to release soon a film
involving this as a setting.
Eoremievsky will return to Los An
geles January 9.
.
George A. Eremievsky, '22, former
Stanford student, has been at the Uni
versity for the past two days doing
research work in the Hoover War Li-
I brary for the Fox Films. Special at
tention is being paid to scenes and
facts relating to Serbian peasant life
as Fox plans to release soon a film
involving this as a setting.
Eoremievsky will return to Los An
geles January 9.
.
George A. Eremievsky, '22, former
Stanford student, has been at the Uni
versity for the past two days doing
research work in the Hoover War Li-
I brary for the Fox Films. Special at
tention is being paid to scenes and
facts relating to Serbian peasant life
as Fox plans to release soon a film
involving this as a setting.
Eoremievsky will return to Los An
geles January 9.
.
George A. Eremievsky, '22, former
Stanford student, has been at the Uni
versity for the past two days doing
research work in the Hoover War Li-
I brary for the Fox Films. Special at
tention is being paid to scenes and
facts relating to Serbian peasant life
as Fox plans to release soon a film
involving this as a setting.
Eoremievsky will return to Los An
geles January 9.
.
George A. Eremievsky, '22, former
Stanford student, has been at the Uni
versity for the past two days doing
research work in the Hoover War Li-
I brary for the Fox Films. Special at
tention is being paid to scenes and
facts relating to Serbian peasant life
as Fox plans to release soon a film
involving this as a setting.
Eoremievsky will return to Los An
geles January 9.
.
George A. Eremievsky, '22, former
Stanford student, has been at the Uni
versity for the past two days doing
research work in the Hoover War Li-
I brary for the Fox Films. Special at
tention is being paid to scenes and
facts relating to Serbian peasant life
as Fox plans to release soon a film
involving this as a setting.
Eoremievsky will return to Los An
geles January 9.
.
George A. Eremievsky, '22, former
Stanford student, has been at the Uni
versity for the past two days doing
research work in the Hoover War Li-
I brary for the Fox Films. Special at
tention is being paid to scenes and
facts relating to Serbian peasant life
as Fox plans to release soon a film
involving this as a setting.
Eoremievsky will return to Los An
geles January 9.
.
George A. Eremievsky, '22, former
Stanford student, has been at the Uni
versity for the past two days doing
research work in the Hoover War Li-
I brary for the Fox Films. Special at
tention is being paid to scenes and
facts relating to Serbian peasant life
as Fox plans to release soon a film
involving this as a setting.
Eoremievsky will return to Los An
geles January 9.
.
George A. Eremievsky, '22, former
Stanford student, has been at the Uni
versity for the past two days doing
research work in the Hoover War Li-
I brary for the Fox Films. Special at
tention is being paid to scenes and
facts relating to Serbian peasant life
as Fox plans to release soon a film
involving this as a setting.
Eoremievsky will return to Los An
geles January 9.
.
George A. Eremievsky, '22, former
Stanford student, has been at the Uni
versity for the past two days doing
research work in the Hoover War Li-
I brary for the Fox Films. Special at
tention is being paid to scenes and
facts relating to Serbian peasant life
as Fox plans to release soon a film
involving this as a setting.
Eoremievsky will return to Los An
geles January 9.
.
George A. Eremievsky, '22, former
Stanford student, has been at the Uni
versity for the past two days doing
research work in the Hoover War Li-
I brary for the Fox Films. Special at
tention is being paid to scenes and
facts relating to Serbian peasant life
as Fox plans to release soon a film
involving this as a setting.
Eoremievsky will return to Los An
geles January 9.
.
George A. Eremievsky, '22, former
Stanford student, has been at the Uni
versity for the past two days doing
research work in the Hoover War Li-
I brary for the Fox Films. Special at
tention is being paid to scenes and
facts relating to Serbian peasant life
as Fox plans to release soon a film
involving this as a setting.
Eoremievsky will return to Los An
geles January 9.
.
George A. Eremievsky, '22, former
Stanford student, has been at the Uni
versity for the past two days doing
research work in the Hoover War Li-
I brary for the Fox Films. Special at
tention is being paid to scenes and
facts relating to Serbian peasant life
as Fox plans to release soon a film
involving this as a setting.
Eoremievsky will return to Los An
geles January 9.
.
George A. Eremievsky, '22, former
Stanford student, has been at the Uni
versity for the past two days doing
research work in the Hoover War Li-
I brary for the Fox Films. Special at
tention is being paid to scenes and
facts relating to Serbian peasant life
as Fox plans to release soon a film
involving this as a setting.
Eoremievsky will return to Los An
geles January 9.
.
