# TYROLER SELECTED AS MUSIC DIRECTOR
## 
### 
Fred "Chubby" Tyroler has been se
lected to direct the music of the Ram's
Head show which will be given on the
night of February 13, under the direc
tion of Dave Mannoccir.
Tyroler was assistant to Lewis Ala
baster last year, and is qualified by
experience for his position. Anyone in
terested in writing music for Ram's
Head is requested to see Tyroler, in
Branner Hall, or during the tryout
periods for the show, which are being
held this week.
Tyroler is manager and pianist of
Tyroler's Melody Hounds, one of the
popular dance orchestras on the cam
pus.
Fred "Chubby" Tyroler has been se
lected to direct the music of the Ram's
Head show which will be given on the
night of February 13, under the direc
tion of Dave Mannoccir.
Tyroler was assistant to Lewis Ala
baster last year, and is qualified by
experience for his position. Anyone in
terested in writing music for Ram's
Head is requested to see Tyroler, in
Branner Hall, or during the tryout
periods for the show, which are being
held this week.
Tyroler is manager and pianist of
Tyroler's Melody Hounds, one of the
popular dance orchestras on the cam
pus.
Fred "Chubby" Tyroler has been se
lected to direct the music of the Ram's
Head show which will be given on the
night of February 13, under the direc
tion of Dave Mannoccir.
Tyroler was assistant to Lewis Ala
baster last year, and is qualified by
experience for his position. Anyone in
terested in writing music for Ram's
Head is requested to see Tyroler, in
Branner Hall, or during the tryout
periods for the show, which are being
held this week.
Tyroler is manager and pianist of
Tyroler's Melody Hounds, one of the
popular dance orchestras on the cam
pus.
Fred "Chubby" Tyroler has been se
lected to direct the music of the Ram's
Head show which will be given on the
night of February 13, under the direc
tion of Dave Mannoccir.
Tyroler was assistant to Lewis Ala
baster last year, and is qualified by
experience for his position. Anyone in
terested in writing music for Ram's
Head is requested to see Tyroler, in
Branner Hall, or during the tryout
periods for the show, which are being
held this week.
Tyroler is manager and pianist of
Tyroler's Melody Hounds, one of the
popular dance orchestras on the cam
pus.
Fred "Chubby" Tyroler has been se
lected to direct the music of the Ram's
Head show which will be given on the
night of February 13, under the direc
tion of Dave Mannoccir.
Tyroler was assistant to Lewis Ala
baster last year, and is qualified by
experience for his position. Anyone in
terested in writing music for Ram's
Head is requested to see Tyroler, in
Branner Hall, or during the tryout
periods for the show, which are being
held this week.
Tyroler is manager and pianist of
Tyroler's Melody Hounds, one of the
popular dance orchestras on the cam
pus.
Fred "Chubby" Tyroler has been se
lected to direct the music of the Ram's
Head show which will be given on the
night of February 13, under the direc
tion of Dave Mannoccir.
Tyroler was assistant to Lewis Ala
baster last year, and is qualified by
experience for his position. Anyone in
terested in writing music for Ram's
Head is requested to see Tyroler, in
Branner Hall, or during the tryout
periods for the show, which are being
held this week.
Tyroler is manager and pianist of
Tyroler's Melody Hounds, one of the
popular dance orchestras on the cam
pus.
Fred "Chubby" Tyroler has been se
lected to direct the music of the Ram's
Head show which will be given on the
night of February 13, under the direc
tion of Dave Mannoccir.
Tyroler was assistant to Lewis Ala
baster last year, and is qualified by
experience for his position. Anyone in
terested in writing music for Ram's
Head is requested to see Tyroler, in
Branner Hall, or during the tryout
periods for the show, which are being
held this week.
Tyroler is manager and pianist of
Tyroler's Melody Hounds, one of the
popular dance orchestras on the cam
pus.
Fred "Chubby" Tyroler has been se
lected to direct the music of the Ram's
Head show which will be given on the
night of February 13, under the direc
tion of Dave Mannoccir.
Tyroler was assistant to Lewis Ala
baster last year, and is qualified by
experience for his position. Anyone in
terested in writing music for Ram's
Head is requested to see Tyroler, in
Branner Hall, or during the tryout
periods for the show, which are being
held this week.
Tyroler is manager and pianist of
Tyroler's Melody Hounds, one of the
popular dance orchestras on the cam
pus.
Fred "Chubby" Tyroler has been se
lected to direct the music of the Ram's
Head show which will be given on the
night of February 13, under the direc
tion of Dave Mannoccir.
Tyroler was assistant to Lewis Ala
baster last year, and is qualified by
experience for his position. Anyone in
terested in writing music for Ram's
Head is requested to see Tyroler, in
Branner Hall, or during the tryout
periods for the show, which are being
held this week.
Tyroler is manager and pianist of
Tyroler's Melody Hounds, one of the
popular dance orchestras on the cam
pus.
Fred "Chubby" Tyroler has been se
lected to direct the music of the Ram's
Head show which will be given on the
night of February 13, under the direc
tion of Dave Mannoccir.
Tyroler was assistant to Lewis Ala
baster last year, and is qualified by
experience for his position. Anyone in
terested in writing music for Ram's
Head is requested to see Tyroler, in
Branner Hall, or during the tryout
periods for the show, which are being
held this week.
Tyroler is manager and pianist of
Tyroler's Melody Hounds, one of the
popular dance orchestras on the cam
pus.
Fred "Chubby" Tyroler has been se
lected to direct the music of the Ram's
Head show which will be given on the
night of February 13, under the direc
tion of Dave Mannoccir.
Tyroler was assistant to Lewis Ala
baster last year, and is qualified by
experience for his position. Anyone in
terested in writing music for Ram's
Head is requested to see Tyroler, in
Branner Hall, or during the tryout
periods for the show, which are being
held this week.
Tyroler is manager and pianist of
Tyroler's Melody Hounds, one of the
popular dance orchestras on the cam
pus.
Fred "Chubby" Tyroler has been se
lected to direct the music of the Ram's
Head show which will be given on the
night of February 13, under the direc
tion of Dave Mannoccir.
Tyroler was assistant to Lewis Ala
baster last year, and is qualified by
experience for his position. Anyone in
terested in writing music for Ram's
Head is requested to see Tyroler, in
Branner Hall, or during the tryout
periods for the show, which are being
held this week.
Tyroler is manager and pianist of
Tyroler's Melody Hounds, one of the
popular dance orchestras on the cam
pus.
Fred "Chubby" Tyroler has been se
lected to direct the music of the Ram's
Head show which will be given on the
night of February 13, under the direc
tion of Dave Mannoccir.
Tyroler was assistant to Lewis Ala
baster last year, and is qualified by
experience for his position. Anyone in
terested in writing music for Ram's
Head is requested to see Tyroler, in
Branner Hall, or during the tryout
periods for the show, which are being
held this week.
Tyroler is manager and pianist of
Tyroler's Melody Hounds, one of the
popular dance orchestras on the cam
pus.
Fred "Chubby" Tyroler has been se
lected to direct the music of the Ram's
Head show which will be given on the
night of February 13, under the direc
tion of Dave Mannoccir.
Tyroler was assistant to Lewis Ala
baster last year, and is qualified by
experience for his position. Anyone in
terested in writing music for Ram's
Head is requested to see Tyroler, in
Branner Hall, or during the tryout
periods for the show, which are being
held this week.
Tyroler is manager and pianist of
Tyroler's Melody Hounds, one of the
popular dance orchestras on the cam
pus.
Fred "Chubby" Tyroler has been se
lected to direct the music of the Ram's
Head show which will be given on the
night of February 13, under the direc
tion of Dave Mannoccir.
Tyroler was assistant to Lewis Ala
baster last year, and is qualified by
experience for his position. Anyone in
terested in writing music for Ram's
Head is requested to see Tyroler, in
Branner Hall, or during the tryout
periods for the show, which are being
held this week.
Tyroler is manager and pianist of
Tyroler's Melody Hounds, one of the
popular dance orchestras on the cam
pus.
