# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Professor R. M. Alden of the Eng
lish department will speak this eve
ning before the International Polity
Club, on the subject, "Nationalism
and Literature."
Professor R. M. Alden of the Eng
lish department will speak this eve
ning before the International Polity
Club, on the subject, "Nationalism
and Literature."
Professor R. M. Alden of the Eng
lish department will speak this eve
ning before the International Polity
Club, on the subject, "Nationalism
and Literature."
Professor R. M. Alden of the Eng
lish department will speak this eve
ning before the International Polity
Club, on the subject, "Nationalism
and Literature."
Professor R. M. Alden of the Eng
lish department will speak this eve
ning before the International Polity
Club, on the subject, "Nationalism
and Literature."
Professor R. M. Alden of the Eng
lish department will speak this eve
ning before the International Polity
Club, on the subject, "Nationalism
and Literature."
Professor R. M. Alden of the Eng
lish department will speak this eve
ning before the International Polity
Club, on the subject, "Nationalism
and Literature."
Professor R. M. Alden of the Eng
lish department will speak this eve
ning before the International Polity
Club, on the subject, "Nationalism
and Literature."
Professor R. M. Alden of the Eng
lish department will speak this eve
ning before the International Polity
Club, on the subject, "Nationalism
and Literature."
Professor R. M. Alden of the Eng
lish department will speak this eve
ning before the International Polity
Club, on the subject, "Nationalism
and Literature."
Professor R. M. Alden of the Eng
lish department will speak this eve
ning before the International Polity
Club, on the subject, "Nationalism
and Literature."
Professor R. M. Alden of the Eng
lish department will speak this eve
ning before the International Polity
Club, on the subject, "Nationalism
and Literature."
Professor R. M. Alden of the Eng
lish department will speak this eve
ning before the International Polity
Club, on the subject, "Nationalism
and Literature."
Professor R. M. Alden of the Eng
lish department will speak this eve
ning before the International Polity
Club, on the subject, "Nationalism
and Literature."
