# LIN MURRAY, '13, WEDS
## 
### 
Smiling and happy, "Lin" Murray,
'13, former tennis captain and star
quarter-miier, now national indoor
tennis champion, arrived last night
on the journey that will take him
liack to New Jersey with a bride.
Murray is to marry Miss Ramona
McKendry, '13, next Tuesday. Miss
McKendry is a member of Delta Delta
Delta.
Smiling and happy, "Lin" Murray,
'13, former tennis captain and star
quarter-miier, now national indoor
tennis champion, arrived last night
on the journey that will take him
liack to New Jersey with a bride.
Murray is to marry Miss Ramona
McKendry, '13, next Tuesday. Miss
McKendry is a member of Delta Delta
Delta.
Smiling and happy, "Lin" Murray,
'13, former tennis captain and star
quarter-miier, now national indoor
tennis champion, arrived last night
on the journey that will take him
liack to New Jersey with a bride.
Murray is to marry Miss Ramona
McKendry, '13, next Tuesday. Miss
McKendry is a member of Delta Delta
Delta.
Smiling and happy, "Lin" Murray,
'13, former tennis captain and star
quarter-miier, now national indoor
tennis champion, arrived last night
on the journey that will take him
liack to New Jersey with a bride.
Murray is to marry Miss Ramona
McKendry, '13, next Tuesday. Miss
McKendry is a member of Delta Delta
Delta.
Smiling and happy, "Lin" Murray,
'13, former tennis captain and star
quarter-miier, now national indoor
tennis champion, arrived last night
on the journey that will take him
liack to New Jersey with a bride.
Murray is to marry Miss Ramona
McKendry, '13, next Tuesday. Miss
McKendry is a member of Delta Delta
Delta.
Smiling and happy, "Lin" Murray,
'13, former tennis captain and star
quarter-miier, now national indoor
tennis champion, arrived last night
on the journey that will take him
liack to New Jersey with a bride.
Murray is to marry Miss Ramona
McKendry, '13, next Tuesday. Miss
McKendry is a member of Delta Delta
Delta.
Smiling and happy, "Lin" Murray,
'13, former tennis captain and star
quarter-miier, now national indoor
tennis champion, arrived last night
on the journey that will take him
liack to New Jersey with a bride.
Murray is to marry Miss Ramona
McKendry, '13, next Tuesday. Miss
McKendry is a member of Delta Delta
Delta.
Smiling and happy, "Lin" Murray,
'13, former tennis captain and star
quarter-miier, now national indoor
tennis champion, arrived last night
on the journey that will take him
liack to New Jersey with a bride.
Murray is to marry Miss Ramona
McKendry, '13, next Tuesday. Miss
McKendry is a member of Delta Delta
Delta.
Smiling and happy, "Lin" Murray,
'13, former tennis captain and star
quarter-miier, now national indoor
tennis champion, arrived last night
on the journey that will take him
liack to New Jersey with a bride.
Murray is to marry Miss Ramona
McKendry, '13, next Tuesday. Miss
McKendry is a member of Delta Delta
Delta.
Smiling and happy, "Lin" Murray,
'13, former tennis captain and star
quarter-miier, now national indoor
tennis champion, arrived last night
on the journey that will take him
liack to New Jersey with a bride.
Murray is to marry Miss Ramona
McKendry, '13, next Tuesday. Miss
McKendry is a member of Delta Delta
Delta.
Smiling and happy, "Lin" Murray,
'13, former tennis captain and star
quarter-miier, now national indoor
tennis champion, arrived last night
on the journey that will take him
liack to New Jersey with a bride.
Murray is to marry Miss Ramona
McKendry, '13, next Tuesday. Miss
McKendry is a member of Delta Delta
Delta.
Smiling and happy, "Lin" Murray,
'13, former tennis captain and star
quarter-miier, now national indoor
tennis champion, arrived last night
on the journey that will take him
liack to New Jersey with a bride.
Murray is to marry Miss Ramona
McKendry, '13, next Tuesday. Miss
McKendry is a member of Delta Delta
Delta.
Smiling and happy, "Lin" Murray,
'13, former tennis captain and star
quarter-miier, now national indoor
tennis champion, arrived last night
on the journey that will take him
liack to New Jersey with a bride.
Murray is to marry Miss Ramona
McKendry, '13, next Tuesday. Miss
McKendry is a member of Delta Delta
Delta.
Smiling and happy, "Lin" Murray,
'13, former tennis captain and star
quarter-miier, now national indoor
tennis champion, arrived last night
on the journey that will take him
liack to New Jersey with a bride.
Murray is to marry Miss Ramona
McKendry, '13, next Tuesday. Miss
McKendry is a member of Delta Delta
Delta.
