# STUDENTS MAKING MONEY WRITING PHOTO PLAYS.
## 
### 
One of the large motion-picture
firms has recently issued a booklet in
regard to the writing of "picture
plays," a field of activity in which
several Stanford students have in
terested themselves. The booklet
says:
"The writing of stories or plays for
modern picture production is practi
cally a new profession. Writers of
successful motion picture plays find
their work constantly in demand and
at good prices. The field is not
crowded with successful authors and
many who are able to produce avail
able plays have not yet grasped the
first principles of the motion picture
drama, nor do they seem to have any
inkling of what the manufacturers re
quire. Many of these have the quali
ties, imagination, and ingenuity which
make for success in this line, some of
them having won success in the maga
zine field."
The article further explains that the
germ of the moving picture plot is the
"proposition," which consists of a con
dition or situation from which the de
tails of tlie story are developed. The
success of a comedy plot lies in the
novelty of the proposition, in its in
teresi-holding qualities, logic and
probability, and the humor of the in
dividual scenes.
