# Grill Managers Needed
## 
### 
Students who would like to
help manage the football team
may report to Jim Newton, head
maanger, on the practice field
any afternoon from 3:15 to 5.
Students who would like to
help manage the football team
may report to Jim Newton, head
maanger, on the practice field
any afternoon from 3:15 to 5.
Students who would like to
help manage the football team
may report to Jim Newton, head
maanger, on the practice field
any afternoon from 3:15 to 5.
Students who would like to
help manage the football team
may report to Jim Newton, head
maanger, on the practice field
any afternoon from 3:15 to 5.
Students who would like to
help manage the football team
may report to Jim Newton, head
maanger, on the practice field
any afternoon from 3:15 to 5.
Students who would like to
help manage the football team
may report to Jim Newton, head
maanger, on the practice field
any afternoon from 3:15 to 5.
Students who would like to
help manage the football team
may report to Jim Newton, head
maanger, on the practice field
any afternoon from 3:15 to 5.
Students who would like to
help manage the football team
may report to Jim Newton, head
maanger, on the practice field
any afternoon from 3:15 to 5.
Students who would like to
help manage the football team
may report to Jim Newton, head
maanger, on the practice field
any afternoon from 3:15 to 5.
Students who would like to
help manage the football team
may report to Jim Newton, head
maanger, on the practice field
any afternoon from 3:15 to 5.
Students who would like to
help manage the football team
may report to Jim Newton, head
maanger, on the practice field
any afternoon from 3:15 to 5.
Students who would like to
help manage the football team
may report to Jim Newton, head
maanger, on the practice field
any afternoon from 3:15 to 5.
Students who would like to
help manage the football team
may report to Jim Newton, head
maanger, on the practice field
any afternoon from 3:15 to 5.
Students who would like to
help manage the football team
may report to Jim Newton, head
maanger, on the practice field
any afternoon from 3:15 to 5.
Students who would like to
help manage the football team
may report to Jim Newton, head
maanger, on the practice field
any afternoon from 3:15 to 5.
Students who would like to
help manage the football team
may report to Jim Newton, head
maanger, on the practice field
any afternoon from 3:15 to 5.
