# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tomorrow night the annual in
tercollegiate Carnot debate will he
held in the Assembly Hall. Cali
fornia has won the Carnot medal
every year except the first time
that the contest was held, but this
year our outlook is most hopeful.
Our debaters have put their best
energies into their preparation for
this debate. Any one of them is
capable of winning the medal, if
lie does his best. They will not
have an easy time of it, though,
for the Berkeley men are all old
and practised debaters, and we can
be sure that they will make a bril
liant showing. We are particu
larly fortunate in having the As
sembly Hall for the debate this
year, as there will be room for
everybody, and no one will find it
hard to get a seat. Every student
in the University should turn out
to this debate, and show our men
how earnestly we all hope for their
success.
Tomorrow night the annual in
tercollegiate Carnot debate will he
held in the Assembly Hall. Cali
fornia has won the Carnot medal
every year except the first time
that the contest was held, but this
year our outlook is most hopeful.
Our debaters have put their best
energies into their preparation for
this debate. Any one of them is
capable of winning the medal, if
lie does his best. They will not
have an easy time of it, though,
for the Berkeley men are all old
and practised debaters, and we can
be sure that they will make a bril
liant showing. We are particu
larly fortunate in having the As
sembly Hall for the debate this
year, as there will be room for
everybody, and no one will find it
hard to get a seat. Every student
in the University should turn out
to this debate, and show our men
how earnestly we all hope for their
success.
Tomorrow night the annual in
tercollegiate Carnot debate will he
held in the Assembly Hall. Cali
fornia has won the Carnot medal
every year except the first time
that the contest was held, but this
year our outlook is most hopeful.
Our debaters have put their best
energies into their preparation for
this debate. Any one of them is
capable of winning the medal, if
lie does his best. They will not
have an easy time of it, though,
for the Berkeley men are all old
and practised debaters, and we can
be sure that they will make a bril
liant showing. We are particu
larly fortunate in having the As
sembly Hall for the debate this
year, as there will be room for
everybody, and no one will find it
hard to get a seat. Every student
in the University should turn out
to this debate, and show our men
how earnestly we all hope for their
success.
Tomorrow night the annual in
tercollegiate Carnot debate will he
held in the Assembly Hall. Cali
fornia has won the Carnot medal
every year except the first time
that the contest was held, but this
year our outlook is most hopeful.
Our debaters have put their best
energies into their preparation for
this debate. Any one of them is
capable of winning the medal, if
lie does his best. They will not
have an easy time of it, though,
for the Berkeley men are all old
and practised debaters, and we can
be sure that they will make a bril
liant showing. We are particu
larly fortunate in having the As
sembly Hall for the debate this
year, as there will be room for
everybody, and no one will find it
hard to get a seat. Every student
in the University should turn out
to this debate, and show our men
how earnestly we all hope for their
success.
Tomorrow night the annual in
tercollegiate Carnot debate will he
held in the Assembly Hall. Cali
fornia has won the Carnot medal
every year except the first time
that the contest was held, but this
year our outlook is most hopeful.
Our debaters have put their best
energies into their preparation for
this debate. Any one of them is
capable of winning the medal, if
lie does his best. They will not
have an easy time of it, though,
for the Berkeley men are all old
and practised debaters, and we can
be sure that they will make a bril
liant showing. We are particu
larly fortunate in having the As
sembly Hall for the debate this
year, as there will be room for
everybody, and no one will find it
hard to get a seat. Every student
in the University should turn out
to this debate, and show our men
how earnestly we all hope for their
success.
Tomorrow night the annual in
tercollegiate Carnot debate will he
held in the Assembly Hall. Cali
fornia has won the Carnot medal
every year except the first time
that the contest was held, but this
year our outlook is most hopeful.
Our debaters have put their best
energies into their preparation for
this debate. Any one of them is
capable of winning the medal, if
lie does his best. They will not
have an easy time of it, though,
for the Berkeley men are all old
and practised debaters, and we can
be sure that they will make a bril
liant showing. We are particu
larly fortunate in having the As
sembly Hall for the debate this
year, as there will be room for
everybody, and no one will find it
hard to get a seat. Every student
in the University should turn out
to this debate, and show our men
how earnestly we all hope for their
success.
Tomorrow night the annual in
tercollegiate Carnot debate will he
held in the Assembly Hall. Cali
fornia has won the Carnot medal
every year except the first time
that the contest was held, but this
year our outlook is most hopeful.
Our debaters have put their best
energies into their preparation for
this debate. Any one of them is
capable of winning the medal, if
lie does his best. They will not
have an easy time of it, though,
for the Berkeley men are all old
and practised debaters, and we can
be sure that they will make a bril
liant showing. We are particu
larly fortunate in having the As
sembly Hall for the debate this
year, as there will be room for
everybody, and no one will find it
hard to get a seat. Every student
in the University should turn out
to this debate, and show our men
how earnestly we all hope for their
success.
