# Admissions Names Assistant Director
## 
### 
Sumner Rahr, former history
and English instructor at the Pu
nahou School, Honolulu, has been
appointed assistant director of
admissions.
He was graduated in 1957 from
Princeton University in religion
and European literature. He at
tended Oak Park and River For
est high schools in the Chicago
area.
Rahr plans to combine his du
ties with work toward an ad
vanced degree.
Sumner Rahr, former history
and English instructor at the Pu
nahou School, Honolulu, has been
appointed assistant director of
admissions.
He was graduated in 1957 from
Princeton University in religion
and European literature. He at
tended Oak Park and River For
est high schools in the Chicago
area.
Rahr plans to combine his du
ties with work toward an ad
vanced degree.
Sumner Rahr, former history
and English instructor at the Pu
nahou School, Honolulu, has been
appointed assistant director of
admissions.
He was graduated in 1957 from
Princeton University in religion
and European literature. He at
tended Oak Park and River For
est high schools in the Chicago
area.
Rahr plans to combine his du
ties with work toward an ad
vanced degree.
Sumner Rahr, former history
and English instructor at the Pu
nahou School, Honolulu, has been
appointed assistant director of
admissions.
He was graduated in 1957 from
Princeton University in religion
and European literature. He at
tended Oak Park and River For
est high schools in the Chicago
area.
Rahr plans to combine his du
ties with work toward an ad
vanced degree.
Sumner Rahr, former history
and English instructor at the Pu
nahou School, Honolulu, has been
appointed assistant director of
admissions.
He was graduated in 1957 from
Princeton University in religion
and European literature. He at
tended Oak Park and River For
est high schools in the Chicago
area.
Rahr plans to combine his du
ties with work toward an ad
vanced degree.
Sumner Rahr, former history
and English instructor at the Pu
nahou School, Honolulu, has been
appointed assistant director of
admissions.
He was graduated in 1957 from
Princeton University in religion
and European literature. He at
tended Oak Park and River For
est high schools in the Chicago
area.
Rahr plans to combine his du
ties with work toward an ad
vanced degree.
Sumner Rahr, former history
and English instructor at the Pu
nahou School, Honolulu, has been
appointed assistant director of
admissions.
He was graduated in 1957 from
Princeton University in religion
and European literature. He at
tended Oak Park and River For
est high schools in the Chicago
area.
Rahr plans to combine his du
ties with work toward an ad
vanced degree.
Sumner Rahr, former history
and English instructor at the Pu
nahou School, Honolulu, has been
appointed assistant director of
admissions.
He was graduated in 1957 from
Princeton University in religion
and European literature. He at
tended Oak Park and River For
est high schools in the Chicago
area.
Rahr plans to combine his du
ties with work toward an ad
vanced degree.
Sumner Rahr, former history
and English instructor at the Pu
nahou School, Honolulu, has been
appointed assistant director of
admissions.
He was graduated in 1957 from
Princeton University in religion
and European literature. He at
tended Oak Park and River For
est high schools in the Chicago
area.
Rahr plans to combine his du
ties with work toward an ad
vanced degree.
Sumner Rahr, former history
and English instructor at the Pu
nahou School, Honolulu, has been
appointed assistant director of
admissions.
He was graduated in 1957 from
Princeton University in religion
and European literature. He at
tended Oak Park and River For
est high schools in the Chicago
area.
Rahr plans to combine his du
ties with work toward an ad
vanced degree.
Sumner Rahr, former history
and English instructor at the Pu
nahou School, Honolulu, has been
appointed assistant director of
admissions.
He was graduated in 1957 from
Princeton University in religion
and European literature. He at
tended Oak Park and River For
est high schools in the Chicago
area.
Rahr plans to combine his du
ties with work toward an ad
vanced degree.
Sumner Rahr, former history
and English instructor at the Pu
nahou School, Honolulu, has been
appointed assistant director of
admissions.
He was graduated in 1957 from
Princeton University in religion
and European literature. He at
tended Oak Park and River For
est high schools in the Chicago
area.
Rahr plans to combine his du
ties with work toward an ad
vanced degree.
Sumner Rahr, former history
and English instructor at the Pu
nahou School, Honolulu, has been
appointed assistant director of
admissions.
He was graduated in 1957 from
Princeton University in religion
and European literature. He at
tended Oak Park and River For
est high schools in the Chicago
area.
Rahr plans to combine his du
ties with work toward an ad
vanced degree.
Sumner Rahr, former history
and English instructor at the Pu
nahou School, Honolulu, has been
appointed assistant director of
admissions.
He was graduated in 1957 from
Princeton University in religion
and European literature. He at
tended Oak Park and River For
est high schools in the Chicago
area.
Rahr plans to combine his du
ties with work toward an ad
vanced degree.
Sumner Rahr, former history
and English instructor at the Pu
nahou School, Honolulu, has been
appointed assistant director of
admissions.
He was graduated in 1957 from
Princeton University in religion
and European literature. He at
tended Oak Park and River For
est high schools in the Chicago
area.
Rahr plans to combine his du
ties with work toward an ad
vanced degree.
Sumner Rahr, former history
and English instructor at the Pu
nahou School, Honolulu, has been
appointed assistant director of
admissions.
He was graduated in 1957 from
Princeton University in religion
and European literature. He at
tended Oak Park and River For
est high schools in the Chicago
area.
Rahr plans to combine his du
ties with work toward an ad
vanced degree.
Sumner Rahr, former history
and English instructor at the Pu
nahou School, Honolulu, has been
appointed assistant director of
admissions.
He was graduated in 1957 from
Princeton University in religion
and European literature. He at
tended Oak Park and River For
est high schools in the Chicago
area.
Rahr plans to combine his du
ties with work toward an ad
vanced degree.
