# Villard Appointed
## 
### 
O. G. Villard, Jr., professor of
electrical engineering, has been
chosen as one of 10 scientists
forming a Space Science Board.
The board was formed by the
National Academy of Sciences—
National Research Council to sur
vey the scientific problems, op
portunities and implications of
man's advance into space.
O. G. Villard, Jr., professor of
electrical engineering, has been
chosen as one of 10 scientists
forming a Space Science Board.
The board was formed by the
National Academy of Sciences—
National Research Council to sur
vey the scientific problems, op
portunities and implications of
man's advance into space.
O. G. Villard, Jr., professor of
electrical engineering, has been
chosen as one of 10 scientists
forming a Space Science Board.
The board was formed by the
National Academy of Sciences—
National Research Council to sur
vey the scientific problems, op
portunities and implications of
man's advance into space.
O. G. Villard, Jr., professor of
electrical engineering, has been
chosen as one of 10 scientists
forming a Space Science Board.
The board was formed by the
National Academy of Sciences—
National Research Council to sur
vey the scientific problems, op
portunities and implications of
man's advance into space.
O. G. Villard, Jr., professor of
electrical engineering, has been
chosen as one of 10 scientists
forming a Space Science Board.
The board was formed by the
National Academy of Sciences—
National Research Council to sur
vey the scientific problems, op
portunities and implications of
man's advance into space.
O. G. Villard, Jr., professor of
electrical engineering, has been
chosen as one of 10 scientists
forming a Space Science Board.
The board was formed by the
National Academy of Sciences—
National Research Council to sur
vey the scientific problems, op
portunities and implications of
man's advance into space.
O. G. Villard, Jr., professor of
electrical engineering, has been
chosen as one of 10 scientists
forming a Space Science Board.
The board was formed by the
National Academy of Sciences—
National Research Council to sur
vey the scientific problems, op
portunities and implications of
man's advance into space.
O. G. Villard, Jr., professor of
electrical engineering, has been
chosen as one of 10 scientists
forming a Space Science Board.
The board was formed by the
National Academy of Sciences—
National Research Council to sur
vey the scientific problems, op
portunities and implications of
man's advance into space.
O. G. Villard, Jr., professor of
electrical engineering, has been
chosen as one of 10 scientists
forming a Space Science Board.
The board was formed by the
National Academy of Sciences—
National Research Council to sur
vey the scientific problems, op
portunities and implications of
man's advance into space.
O. G. Villard, Jr., professor of
electrical engineering, has been
chosen as one of 10 scientists
forming a Space Science Board.
The board was formed by the
National Academy of Sciences—
National Research Council to sur
vey the scientific problems, op
portunities and implications of
man's advance into space.
O. G. Villard, Jr., professor of
electrical engineering, has been
chosen as one of 10 scientists
forming a Space Science Board.
The board was formed by the
National Academy of Sciences—
National Research Council to sur
vey the scientific problems, op
portunities and implications of
man's advance into space.
O. G. Villard, Jr., professor of
electrical engineering, has been
chosen as one of 10 scientists
forming a Space Science Board.
The board was formed by the
National Academy of Sciences—
National Research Council to sur
vey the scientific problems, op
portunities and implications of
man's advance into space.
O. G. Villard, Jr., professor of
electrical engineering, has been
chosen as one of 10 scientists
forming a Space Science Board.
The board was formed by the
National Academy of Sciences—
National Research Council to sur
vey the scientific problems, op
portunities and implications of
man's advance into space.
O. G. Villard, Jr., professor of
electrical engineering, has been
chosen as one of 10 scientists
forming a Space Science Board.
The board was formed by the
National Academy of Sciences—
National Research Council to sur
vey the scientific problems, op
portunities and implications of
man's advance into space.
O. G. Villard, Jr., professor of
electrical engineering, has been
chosen as one of 10 scientists
forming a Space Science Board.
The board was formed by the
National Academy of Sciences—
National Research Council to sur
vey the scientific problems, op
portunities and implications of
man's advance into space.
O. G. Villard, Jr., professor of
electrical engineering, has been
chosen as one of 10 scientists
forming a Space Science Board.
The board was formed by the
National Academy of Sciences—
National Research Council to sur
vey the scientific problems, op
portunities and implications of
man's advance into space.
O. G. Villard, Jr., professor of
electrical engineering, has been
chosen as one of 10 scientists
forming a Space Science Board.
The board was formed by the
National Academy of Sciences—
National Research Council to sur
vey the scientific problems, op
portunities and implications of
man's advance into space.
