# Director Named
## 
### 
William L. Lowe, mayor of
Woodside, has been appointed as
sociate director of the Student
Placement Service, according to
President Wallace Sterling. Lowe
was graduated from Stanford in
1936 and earned his master's de
gree in business administration
in 1939.
William L. Lowe, mayor of
Woodside, has been appointed as
sociate director of the Student
Placement Service, according to
President Wallace Sterling. Lowe
was graduated from Stanford in
1936 and earned his master's de
gree in business administration
in 1939.
William L. Lowe, mayor of
Woodside, has been appointed as
sociate director of the Student
Placement Service, according to
President Wallace Sterling. Lowe
was graduated from Stanford in
1936 and earned his master's de
gree in business administration
in 1939.
William L. Lowe, mayor of
Woodside, has been appointed as
sociate director of the Student
Placement Service, according to
President Wallace Sterling. Lowe
was graduated from Stanford in
1936 and earned his master's de
gree in business administration
in 1939.
William L. Lowe, mayor of
Woodside, has been appointed as
sociate director of the Student
Placement Service, according to
President Wallace Sterling. Lowe
was graduated from Stanford in
1936 and earned his master's de
gree in business administration
in 1939.
William L. Lowe, mayor of
Woodside, has been appointed as
sociate director of the Student
Placement Service, according to
President Wallace Sterling. Lowe
was graduated from Stanford in
1936 and earned his master's de
gree in business administration
in 1939.
William L. Lowe, mayor of
Woodside, has been appointed as
sociate director of the Student
Placement Service, according to
President Wallace Sterling. Lowe
was graduated from Stanford in
1936 and earned his master's de
gree in business administration
in 1939.
William L. Lowe, mayor of
Woodside, has been appointed as
sociate director of the Student
Placement Service, according to
President Wallace Sterling. Lowe
was graduated from Stanford in
1936 and earned his master's de
gree in business administration
in 1939.
William L. Lowe, mayor of
Woodside, has been appointed as
sociate director of the Student
Placement Service, according to
President Wallace Sterling. Lowe
was graduated from Stanford in
1936 and earned his master's de
gree in business administration
in 1939.
William L. Lowe, mayor of
Woodside, has been appointed as
sociate director of the Student
Placement Service, according to
President Wallace Sterling. Lowe
was graduated from Stanford in
1936 and earned his master's de
gree in business administration
in 1939.
William L. Lowe, mayor of
Woodside, has been appointed as
sociate director of the Student
Placement Service, according to
President Wallace Sterling. Lowe
was graduated from Stanford in
1936 and earned his master's de
gree in business administration
in 1939.
William L. Lowe, mayor of
Woodside, has been appointed as
sociate director of the Student
Placement Service, according to
President Wallace Sterling. Lowe
was graduated from Stanford in
1936 and earned his master's de
gree in business administration
in 1939.
William L. Lowe, mayor of
Woodside, has been appointed as
sociate director of the Student
Placement Service, according to
President Wallace Sterling. Lowe
was graduated from Stanford in
1936 and earned his master's de
gree in business administration
in 1939.
William L. Lowe, mayor of
Woodside, has been appointed as
sociate director of the Student
Placement Service, according to
President Wallace Sterling. Lowe
was graduated from Stanford in
1936 and earned his master's de
gree in business administration
in 1939.
William L. Lowe, mayor of
Woodside, has been appointed as
sociate director of the Student
Placement Service, according to
President Wallace Sterling. Lowe
was graduated from Stanford in
1936 and earned his master's de
gree in business administration
in 1939.
William L. Lowe, mayor of
Woodside, has been appointed as
sociate director of the Student
Placement Service, according to
President Wallace Sterling. Lowe
was graduated from Stanford in
1936 and earned his master's de
gree in business administration
in 1939.
William L. Lowe, mayor of
Woodside, has been appointed as
sociate director of the Student
Placement Service, according to
President Wallace Sterling. Lowe
was graduated from Stanford in
1936 and earned his master's de
gree in business administration
in 1939.
