# Fraternity Pros, Cons Discussed
## 
### 
The pros and cons of college
fraternities are discussed by Ste
phen Birmingham in the October
issue of Holiday magazine. All
points of view are presented,
from fraternities being "stupid,
juvenile and purposeless" to "an
vils upon which ihe character of
individuals may be fashioned."
Birmingham also notes the role
of the National Interfraternity
Conference, the "conscience" of
American fraternities, as the or
ganization which can scold but
not punish.
The pros and cons of college
fraternities are discussed by Ste
phen Birmingham in the October
issue of Holiday magazine. All
points of view are presented,
from fraternities being "stupid,
juvenile and purposeless" to "an
vils upon which ihe character of
individuals may be fashioned."
Birmingham also notes the role
of the National Interfraternity
Conference, the "conscience" of
American fraternities, as the or
ganization which can scold but
not punish.
The pros and cons of college
fraternities are discussed by Ste
phen Birmingham in the October
issue of Holiday magazine. All
points of view are presented,
from fraternities being "stupid,
juvenile and purposeless" to "an
vils upon which ihe character of
individuals may be fashioned."
Birmingham also notes the role
of the National Interfraternity
Conference, the "conscience" of
American fraternities, as the or
ganization which can scold but
not punish.
The pros and cons of college
fraternities are discussed by Ste
phen Birmingham in the October
issue of Holiday magazine. All
points of view are presented,
from fraternities being "stupid,
juvenile and purposeless" to "an
vils upon which ihe character of
individuals may be fashioned."
Birmingham also notes the role
of the National Interfraternity
Conference, the "conscience" of
American fraternities, as the or
ganization which can scold but
not punish.
The pros and cons of college
fraternities are discussed by Ste
phen Birmingham in the October
issue of Holiday magazine. All
points of view are presented,
from fraternities being "stupid,
juvenile and purposeless" to "an
vils upon which ihe character of
individuals may be fashioned."
Birmingham also notes the role
of the National Interfraternity
Conference, the "conscience" of
American fraternities, as the or
ganization which can scold but
not punish.
The pros and cons of college
fraternities are discussed by Ste
phen Birmingham in the October
issue of Holiday magazine. All
points of view are presented,
from fraternities being "stupid,
juvenile and purposeless" to "an
vils upon which ihe character of
individuals may be fashioned."
Birmingham also notes the role
of the National Interfraternity
Conference, the "conscience" of
American fraternities, as the or
ganization which can scold but
not punish.
The pros and cons of college
fraternities are discussed by Ste
phen Birmingham in the October
issue of Holiday magazine. All
points of view are presented,
from fraternities being "stupid,
juvenile and purposeless" to "an
vils upon which ihe character of
individuals may be fashioned."
Birmingham also notes the role
of the National Interfraternity
Conference, the "conscience" of
American fraternities, as the or
ganization which can scold but
not punish.
The pros and cons of college
fraternities are discussed by Ste
phen Birmingham in the October
issue of Holiday magazine. All
points of view are presented,
from fraternities being "stupid,
juvenile and purposeless" to "an
vils upon which ihe character of
individuals may be fashioned."
Birmingham also notes the role
of the National Interfraternity
Conference, the "conscience" of
American fraternities, as the or
ganization which can scold but
not punish.
The pros and cons of college
fraternities are discussed by Ste
phen Birmingham in the October
issue of Holiday magazine. All
points of view are presented,
from fraternities being "stupid,
juvenile and purposeless" to "an
vils upon which ihe character of
individuals may be fashioned."
Birmingham also notes the role
of the National Interfraternity
Conference, the "conscience" of
American fraternities, as the or
ganization which can scold but
not punish.
The pros and cons of college
fraternities are discussed by Ste
phen Birmingham in the October
issue of Holiday magazine. All
points of view are presented,
from fraternities being "stupid,
juvenile and purposeless" to "an
vils upon which ihe character of
individuals may be fashioned."
Birmingham also notes the role
of the National Interfraternity
Conference, the "conscience" of
American fraternities, as the or
ganization which can scold but
not punish.
The pros and cons of college
fraternities are discussed by Ste
phen Birmingham in the October
issue of Holiday magazine. All
points of view are presented,
from fraternities being "stupid,
juvenile and purposeless" to "an
vils upon which ihe character of
individuals may be fashioned."
Birmingham also notes the role
of the National Interfraternity
Conference, the "conscience" of
American fraternities, as the or
ganization which can scold but
not punish.
The pros and cons of college
fraternities are discussed by Ste
phen Birmingham in the October
issue of Holiday magazine. All
points of view are presented,
from fraternities being "stupid,
juvenile and purposeless" to "an
vils upon which ihe character of
individuals may be fashioned."
Birmingham also notes the role
of the National Interfraternity
Conference, the "conscience" of
American fraternities, as the or
ganization which can scold but
not punish.
The pros and cons of college
fraternities are discussed by Ste
phen Birmingham in the October
issue of Holiday magazine. All
points of view are presented,
from fraternities being "stupid,
juvenile and purposeless" to "an
vils upon which ihe character of
individuals may be fashioned."
Birmingham also notes the role
of the National Interfraternity
Conference, the "conscience" of
American fraternities, as the or
ganization which can scold but
not punish.
The pros and cons of college
fraternities are discussed by Ste
phen Birmingham in the October
issue of Holiday magazine. All
points of view are presented,
from fraternities being "stupid,
juvenile and purposeless" to "an
vils upon which ihe character of
individuals may be fashioned."
Birmingham also notes the role
of the National Interfraternity
Conference, the "conscience" of
American fraternities, as the or
ganization which can scold but
not punish.
The pros and cons of college
fraternities are discussed by Ste
phen Birmingham in the October
issue of Holiday magazine. All
points of view are presented,
from fraternities being "stupid,
juvenile and purposeless" to "an
vils upon which ihe character of
individuals may be fashioned."
Birmingham also notes the role
of the National Interfraternity
Conference, the "conscience" of
American fraternities, as the or
ganization which can scold but
not punish.
The pros and cons of college
fraternities are discussed by Ste
phen Birmingham in the October
issue of Holiday magazine. All
points of view are presented,
from fraternities being "stupid,
juvenile and purposeless" to "an
vils upon which ihe character of
individuals may be fashioned."
Birmingham also notes the role
of the National Interfraternity
Conference, the "conscience" of
American fraternities, as the or
ganization which can scold but
not punish.
The pros and cons of college
fraternities are discussed by Ste
phen Birmingham in the October
issue of Holiday magazine. All
points of view are presented,
from fraternities being "stupid,
juvenile and purposeless" to "an
vils upon which ihe character of
individuals may be fashioned."
Birmingham also notes the role
of the National Interfraternity
Conference, the "conscience" of
American fraternities, as the or
ganization which can scold but
not punish.
