# Untitled Article
## 
### 

CLEAN-UP JOB—In preparation for trial of '{00 Japanese on war-guilt charges, S Sgt. Thomas J. Kehoc,
left, of Memphis, Tenn., directs Jap workmen in thorough scrubbing of Court House in Yokohama. S Sgt. J
Kchoe is chief clerk of War Crimes Division, Judge Advocate Section, Eighth Army.

CLEAN-UP JOB—In preparation for trial of '{00 Japanese on war-guilt charges, S Sgt. Thomas J. Kehoc,
left, of Memphis, Tenn., directs Jap workmen in thorough scrubbing of Court House in Yokohama. S Sgt. J
Kchoe is chief clerk of War Crimes Division, Judge Advocate Section, Eighth Army.

CLEAN-UP JOB—In preparation for trial of '{00 Japanese on war-guilt charges, S Sgt. Thomas J. Kehoc,
left, of Memphis, Tenn., directs Jap workmen in thorough scrubbing of Court House in Yokohama. S Sgt. J
Kchoe is chief clerk of War Crimes Division, Judge Advocate Section, Eighth Army.

CLEAN-UP JOB—In preparation for trial of '{00 Japanese on war-guilt charges, S Sgt. Thomas J. Kehoc,
left, of Memphis, Tenn., directs Jap workmen in thorough scrubbing of Court House in Yokohama. S Sgt. J
Kchoe is chief clerk of War Crimes Division, Judge Advocate Section, Eighth Army.

CLEAN-UP JOB—In preparation for trial of '{00 Japanese on war-guilt charges, S Sgt. Thomas J. Kehoc,
left, of Memphis, Tenn., directs Jap workmen in thorough scrubbing of Court House in Yokohama. S Sgt. J
Kchoe is chief clerk of War Crimes Division, Judge Advocate Section, Eighth Army.

CLEAN-UP JOB—In preparation for trial of '{00 Japanese on war-guilt charges, S Sgt. Thomas J. Kehoc,
left, of Memphis, Tenn., directs Jap workmen in thorough scrubbing of Court House in Yokohama. S Sgt. J
Kchoe is chief clerk of War Crimes Division, Judge Advocate Section, Eighth Army.

CLEAN-UP JOB—In preparation for trial of '{00 Japanese on war-guilt charges, S Sgt. Thomas J. Kehoc,
left, of Memphis, Tenn., directs Jap workmen in thorough scrubbing of Court House in Yokohama. S Sgt. J
Kchoe is chief clerk of War Crimes Division, Judge Advocate Section, Eighth Army.

CLEAN-UP JOB—In preparation for trial of '{00 Japanese on war-guilt charges, S Sgt. Thomas J. Kehoc,
left, of Memphis, Tenn., directs Jap workmen in thorough scrubbing of Court House in Yokohama. S Sgt. J
Kchoe is chief clerk of War Crimes Division, Judge Advocate Section, Eighth Army.

CLEAN-UP JOB—In preparation for trial of '{00 Japanese on war-guilt charges, S Sgt. Thomas J. Kehoc,
left, of Memphis, Tenn., directs Jap workmen in thorough scrubbing of Court House in Yokohama. S Sgt. J
Kchoe is chief clerk of War Crimes Division, Judge Advocate Section, Eighth Army.

CLEAN-UP JOB—In preparation for trial of '{00 Japanese on war-guilt charges, S Sgt. Thomas J. Kehoc,
left, of Memphis, Tenn., directs Jap workmen in thorough scrubbing of Court House in Yokohama. S Sgt. J
Kchoe is chief clerk of War Crimes Division, Judge Advocate Section, Eighth Army.

CLEAN-UP JOB—In preparation for trial of '{00 Japanese on war-guilt charges, S Sgt. Thomas J. Kehoc,
left, of Memphis, Tenn., directs Jap workmen in thorough scrubbing of Court House in Yokohama. S Sgt. J
Kchoe is chief clerk of War Crimes Division, Judge Advocate Section, Eighth Army.

CLEAN-UP JOB—In preparation for trial of '{00 Japanese on war-guilt charges, S Sgt. Thomas J. Kehoc,
left, of Memphis, Tenn., directs Jap workmen in thorough scrubbing of Court House in Yokohama. S Sgt. J
Kchoe is chief clerk of War Crimes Division, Judge Advocate Section, Eighth Army.

CLEAN-UP JOB—In preparation for trial of '{00 Japanese on war-guilt charges, S Sgt. Thomas J. Kehoc,
left, of Memphis, Tenn., directs Jap workmen in thorough scrubbing of Court House in Yokohama. S Sgt. J
Kchoe is chief clerk of War Crimes Division, Judge Advocate Section, Eighth Army.

CLEAN-UP JOB—In preparation for trial of '{00 Japanese on war-guilt charges, S Sgt. Thomas J. Kehoc,
left, of Memphis, Tenn., directs Jap workmen in thorough scrubbing of Court House in Yokohama. S Sgt. J
Kchoe is chief clerk of War Crimes Division, Judge Advocate Section, Eighth Army.

CLEAN-UP JOB—In preparation for trial of '{00 Japanese on war-guilt charges, S Sgt. Thomas J. Kehoc,
left, of Memphis, Tenn., directs Jap workmen in thorough scrubbing of Court House in Yokohama. S Sgt. J
Kchoe is chief clerk of War Crimes Division, Judge Advocate Section, Eighth Army.
