# British Bear Down in Java
## 
### 
BATAVIA, Jan. 8 (UP).â€”British
troops today began large-scale op
erations against Indonesian extre
mists in the Semarang area of North
Central Java, where Indonesian guns
have been shelling the Semai'ang
airfield.
The exact nature of the British
operations was not disclosed here.
Indonesian artillery has left the
airfield pocked with shell holes, in
terfering with British air transport,
and on Sunday a British destroyer
shelled Indonesian positions east of
(he city.
British troops evacuated Ungaran,
10 miles south of Semarang, after
the Indonesians shelled British posi
tions there. No casualties were re
ported, although the British lost a
truck to a land mine during the
withdrawal.
