# Stanford Church Holds Services for Kefauver
## 
### 
Memorial services for Dr. Gray
son N. Kefauver will be held in Me
morial Church this afternoon at
4:15. Rev. Obert C. Tanner, visit
ing chaplain, will preside over the
short services.
Dr. Kefauver came to Stanford as
assistant professor in the School of
Education in 1932. He became dean
of the school in 1938 when Dean Ell
wood P. Cubberly retired. He was
granted a leave of absence in Jan
uary, 1943, to take up wartime du
ties with the State Department. He
resigned his deanship in 1945 to be
come professor of education on
leave.
Dr. Kefauver was recently ap
pointed United States delegate to
the preparatory conference of the
United Nations Educational, Scien
tific, and Cultural Organization.
Staff, students, and friends of the
School of Educational have estab
lished the Grayson Neikirk Kefauv
er Memorial Fund to promote the
study of international education.
Memorial services for Dr. Gray
son N. Kefauver will be held in Me
morial Church this afternoon at
4:15. Rev. Obert C. Tanner, visit
ing chaplain, will preside over the
short services.
Dr. Kefauver came to Stanford as
assistant professor in the School of
Education in 1932. He became dean
of the school in 1938 when Dean Ell
wood P. Cubberly retired. He was
granted a leave of absence in Jan
uary, 1943, to take up wartime du
ties with the State Department. He
resigned his deanship in 1945 to be
come professor of education on
leave.
Dr. Kefauver was recently ap
pointed United States delegate to
the preparatory conference of the
United Nations Educational, Scien
tific, and Cultural Organization.
Staff, students, and friends of the
School of Educational have estab
lished the Grayson Neikirk Kefauv
er Memorial Fund to promote the
study of international education.
Memorial services for Dr. Gray
son N. Kefauver will be held in Me
morial Church this afternoon at
4:15. Rev. Obert C. Tanner, visit
ing chaplain, will preside over the
short services.
Dr. Kefauver came to Stanford as
assistant professor in the School of
Education in 1932. He became dean
of the school in 1938 when Dean Ell
wood P. Cubberly retired. He was
granted a leave of absence in Jan
uary, 1943, to take up wartime du
ties with the State Department. He
resigned his deanship in 1945 to be
come professor of education on
leave.
Dr. Kefauver was recently ap
pointed United States delegate to
the preparatory conference of the
United Nations Educational, Scien
tific, and Cultural Organization.
Staff, students, and friends of the
School of Educational have estab
lished the Grayson Neikirk Kefauv
er Memorial Fund to promote the
study of international education.
Memorial services for Dr. Gray
son N. Kefauver will be held in Me
morial Church this afternoon at
4:15. Rev. Obert C. Tanner, visit
ing chaplain, will preside over the
short services.
Dr. Kefauver came to Stanford as
assistant professor in the School of
Education in 1932. He became dean
of the school in 1938 when Dean Ell
wood P. Cubberly retired. He was
granted a leave of absence in Jan
uary, 1943, to take up wartime du
ties with the State Department. He
resigned his deanship in 1945 to be
come professor of education on
leave.
Dr. Kefauver was recently ap
pointed United States delegate to
the preparatory conference of the
United Nations Educational, Scien
tific, and Cultural Organization.
Staff, students, and friends of the
School of Educational have estab
lished the Grayson Neikirk Kefauv
er Memorial Fund to promote the
study of international education.
Memorial services for Dr. Gray
son N. Kefauver will be held in Me
morial Church this afternoon at
4:15. Rev. Obert C. Tanner, visit
ing chaplain, will preside over the
short services.
Dr. Kefauver came to Stanford as
assistant professor in the School of
Education in 1932. He became dean
of the school in 1938 when Dean Ell
wood P. Cubberly retired. He was
granted a leave of absence in Jan
uary, 1943, to take up wartime du
ties with the State Department. He
resigned his deanship in 1945 to be
come professor of education on
leave.
Dr. Kefauver was recently ap
pointed United States delegate to
the preparatory conference of the
United Nations Educational, Scien
tific, and Cultural Organization.
Staff, students, and friends of the
School of Educational have estab
lished the Grayson Neikirk Kefauv
er Memorial Fund to promote the
study of international education.
Memorial services for Dr. Gray
son N. Kefauver will be held in Me
morial Church this afternoon at
4:15. Rev. Obert C. Tanner, visit
ing chaplain, will preside over the
short services.
Dr. Kefauver came to Stanford as
assistant professor in the School of
Education in 1932. He became dean
of the school in 1938 when Dean Ell
wood P. Cubberly retired. He was
granted a leave of absence in Jan
uary, 1943, to take up wartime du
ties with the State Department. He
resigned his deanship in 1945 to be
come professor of education on
leave.
Dr. Kefauver was recently ap
pointed United States delegate to
the preparatory conference of the
United Nations Educational, Scien
tific, and Cultural Organization.
Staff, students, and friends of the
School of Educational have estab
lished the Grayson Neikirk Kefauv
er Memorial Fund to promote the
study of international education.
Memorial services for Dr. Gray
son N. Kefauver will be held in Me
morial Church this afternoon at
4:15. Rev. Obert C. Tanner, visit
ing chaplain, will preside over the
short services.
Dr. Kefauver came to Stanford as
assistant professor in the School of
Education in 1932. He became dean
of the school in 1938 when Dean Ell
wood P. Cubberly retired. He was
granted a leave of absence in Jan
uary, 1943, to take up wartime du
ties with the State Department. He
resigned his deanship in 1945 to be
come professor of education on
leave.
Dr. Kefauver was recently ap
pointed United States delegate to
the preparatory conference of the
United Nations Educational, Scien
tific, and Cultural Organization.
Staff, students, and friends of the
School of Educational have estab
lished the Grayson Neikirk Kefauv
er Memorial Fund to promote the
study of international education.
Memorial services for Dr. Gray
son N. Kefauver will be held in Me
morial Church this afternoon at
4:15. Rev. Obert C. Tanner, visit
ing chaplain, will preside over the
short services.
Dr. Kefauver came to Stanford as
assistant professor in the School of
Education in 1932. He became dean
of the school in 1938 when Dean Ell
wood P. Cubberly retired. He was
granted a leave of absence in Jan
uary, 1943, to take up wartime du
ties with the State Department. He
resigned his deanship in 1945 to be
come professor of education on
leave.
Dr. Kefauver was recently ap
pointed United States delegate to
the preparatory conference of the
United Nations Educational, Scien
tific, and Cultural Organization.
Staff, students, and friends of the
School of Educational have estab
lished the Grayson Neikirk Kefauv
er Memorial Fund to promote the
study of international education.
Memorial services for Dr. Gray
son N. Kefauver will be held in Me
morial Church this afternoon at
4:15. Rev. Obert C. Tanner, visit
ing chaplain, will preside over the
short services.
Dr. Kefauver came to Stanford as
assistant professor in the School of
Education in 1932. He became dean
of the school in 1938 when Dean Ell
wood P. Cubberly retired. He was
granted a leave of absence in Jan
uary, 1943, to take up wartime du
ties with the State Department. He
resigned his deanship in 1945 to be
come professor of education on
leave.
Dr. Kefauver was recently ap
pointed United States delegate to
the preparatory conference of the
United Nations Educational, Scien
tific, and Cultural Organization.
Staff, students, and friends of the
School of Educational have estab
lished the Grayson Neikirk Kefauv
er Memorial Fund to promote the
study of international education.
Memorial services for Dr. Gray
son N. Kefauver will be held in Me
morial Church this afternoon at
4:15. Rev. Obert C. Tanner, visit
ing chaplain, will preside over the
short services.
Dr. Kefauver came to Stanford as
assistant professor in the School of
Education in 1932. He became dean
of the school in 1938 when Dean Ell
wood P. Cubberly retired. He was
granted a leave of absence in Jan
uary, 1943, to take up wartime du
ties with the State Department. He
resigned his deanship in 1945 to be
come professor of education on
leave.
Dr. Kefauver was recently ap
pointed United States delegate to
the preparatory conference of the
United Nations Educational, Scien
tific, and Cultural Organization.
Staff, students, and friends of the
School of Educational have estab
lished the Grayson Neikirk Kefauv
er Memorial Fund to promote the
study of international education.
Memorial services for Dr. Gray
son N. Kefauver will be held in Me
morial Church this afternoon at
4:15. Rev. Obert C. Tanner, visit
ing chaplain, will preside over the
short services.
Dr. Kefauver came to Stanford as
assistant professor in the School of
Education in 1932. He became dean
of the school in 1938 when Dean Ell
wood P. Cubberly retired. He was
granted a leave of absence in Jan
uary, 1943, to take up wartime du
ties with the State Department. He
resigned his deanship in 1945 to be
come professor of education on
leave.
Dr. Kefauver was recently ap
pointed United States delegate to
the preparatory conference of the
United Nations Educational, Scien
tific, and Cultural Organization.
Staff, students, and friends of the
School of Educational have estab
lished the Grayson Neikirk Kefauv
er Memorial Fund to promote the
study of international education.
Memorial services for Dr. Gray
son N. Kefauver will be held in Me
morial Church this afternoon at
4:15. Rev. Obert C. Tanner, visit
ing chaplain, will preside over the
short services.
Dr. Kefauver came to Stanford as
assistant professor in the School of
Education in 1932. He became dean
of the school in 1938 when Dean Ell
wood P. Cubberly retired. He was
granted a leave of absence in Jan
uary, 1943, to take up wartime du
ties with the State Department. He
resigned his deanship in 1945 to be
come professor of education on
leave.
Dr. Kefauver was recently ap
pointed United States delegate to
the preparatory conference of the
United Nations Educational, Scien
tific, and Cultural Organization.
Staff, students, and friends of the
School of Educational have estab
lished the Grayson Neikirk Kefauv
er Memorial Fund to promote the
study of international education.
Memorial services for Dr. Gray
son N. Kefauver will be held in Me
morial Church this afternoon at
4:15. Rev. Obert C. Tanner, visit
ing chaplain, will preside over the
short services.
Dr. Kefauver came to Stanford as
assistant professor in the School of
Education in 1932. He became dean
of the school in 1938 when Dean Ell
wood P. Cubberly retired. He was
granted a leave of absence in Jan
uary, 1943, to take up wartime du
ties with the State Department. He
resigned his deanship in 1945 to be
come professor of education on
leave.
Dr. Kefauver was recently ap
pointed United States delegate to
the preparatory conference of the
United Nations Educational, Scien
tific, and Cultural Organization.
Staff, students, and friends of the
School of Educational have estab
lished the Grayson Neikirk Kefauv
er Memorial Fund to promote the
study of international education.
Memorial services for Dr. Gray
son N. Kefauver will be held in Me
morial Church this afternoon at
4:15. Rev. Obert C. Tanner, visit
ing chaplain, will preside over the
short services.
Dr. Kefauver came to Stanford as
assistant professor in the School of
Education in 1932. He became dean
of the school in 1938 when Dean Ell
wood P. Cubberly retired. He was
granted a leave of absence in Jan
uary, 1943, to take up wartime du
ties with the State Department. He
resigned his deanship in 1945 to be
come professor of education on
leave.
Dr. Kefauver was recently ap
pointed United States delegate to
the preparatory conference of the
United Nations Educational, Scien
tific, and Cultural Organization.
Staff, students, and friends of the
School of Educational have estab
lished the Grayson Neikirk Kefauv
er Memorial Fund to promote the
study of international education.
Memorial services for Dr. Gray
son N. Kefauver will be held in Me
morial Church this afternoon at
4:15. Rev. Obert C. Tanner, visit
ing chaplain, will preside over the
short services.
Dr. Kefauver came to Stanford as
assistant professor in the School of
Education in 1932. He became dean
of the school in 1938 when Dean Ell
wood P. Cubberly retired. He was
granted a leave of absence in Jan
uary, 1943, to take up wartime du
ties with the State Department. He
resigned his deanship in 1945 to be
come professor of education on
leave.
Dr. Kefauver was recently ap
pointed United States delegate to
the preparatory conference of the
United Nations Educational, Scien
tific, and Cultural Organization.
Staff, students, and friends of the
School of Educational have estab
lished the Grayson Neikirk Kefauv
er Memorial Fund to promote the
study of international education.
