# General’s Plea Waits Verdict
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. Jan. 8 (UP). — ♦
The Supreme Court tuday took un
der advisement the plea of Gen. To
moyuki Yamashita, the Tiger of
Malaya, that he be returned to his
former prisoner of war status from
that of a war criminal sentenced to
hang.
After a five - and -a - half - hour
hearing into the unprecedented ap
peal by an enemy war leader to the
nation's highest court, the seven
justices present retired to deliber
ate.
With them they took government's
final contention that Yamashita "is
guily of violating the laws of war"
in that he permitted occupation
troops under his Philippines com
mand to commit atrocities on an
estimated GO,OOO persons, mostly ci
vilians.
They also had the assertion of de
fense counsel, three United States
Army officers who defended the I
"Tiger" at his recent Manila trial,
that the general "has committed no
crime of any sort."
When Yamashita, languishing
thousands of miles away in Manila's
Bilibid prison, will learn whether
his last avenue of appeal has been !
granted or denied, is a matter oi
speculation. The court may rule at
its next regular Monday session.
Jan. 14, or it may hand down its de- !
cision on Jan. 28, after a two-week
recess.


DELEGATE —Mrs. Anna Elea
nor Roosevelt, widow of the late I
President, is now in London serv- j
ins as delegate to the General As
sembly of the I'nited Nations. !
President Truman appointed Mrs.
Roosevelt to ;nis j,ost. She arrived
Sunday ! y plane.
