# SPECIAL MEETING
## 
### 
Jewish students at Stanford are
invited to attend a special meeting
Jan. Ifi in the Memorial Chapel ves
try at 7:30 p.m. Rabbi Joseph Gitin,
director of the Hillel Foundation at
the University of California, will ad
dress the group.
Jewish students at Stanford are
invited to attend a special meeting
Jan. Ifi in the Memorial Chapel ves
try at 7:30 p.m. Rabbi Joseph Gitin,
director of the Hillel Foundation at
the University of California, will ad
dress the group.
Jewish students at Stanford are
invited to attend a special meeting
Jan. Ifi in the Memorial Chapel ves
try at 7:30 p.m. Rabbi Joseph Gitin,
director of the Hillel Foundation at
the University of California, will ad
dress the group.
Jewish students at Stanford are
invited to attend a special meeting
Jan. Ifi in the Memorial Chapel ves
try at 7:30 p.m. Rabbi Joseph Gitin,
director of the Hillel Foundation at
the University of California, will ad
dress the group.
Jewish students at Stanford are
invited to attend a special meeting
Jan. Ifi in the Memorial Chapel ves
try at 7:30 p.m. Rabbi Joseph Gitin,
director of the Hillel Foundation at
the University of California, will ad
dress the group.
Jewish students at Stanford are
invited to attend a special meeting
Jan. Ifi in the Memorial Chapel ves
try at 7:30 p.m. Rabbi Joseph Gitin,
director of the Hillel Foundation at
the University of California, will ad
dress the group.
Jewish students at Stanford are
invited to attend a special meeting
Jan. Ifi in the Memorial Chapel ves
try at 7:30 p.m. Rabbi Joseph Gitin,
director of the Hillel Foundation at
the University of California, will ad
dress the group.
Jewish students at Stanford are
invited to attend a special meeting
Jan. Ifi in the Memorial Chapel ves
try at 7:30 p.m. Rabbi Joseph Gitin,
director of the Hillel Foundation at
the University of California, will ad
dress the group.
Jewish students at Stanford are
invited to attend a special meeting
Jan. Ifi in the Memorial Chapel ves
try at 7:30 p.m. Rabbi Joseph Gitin,
director of the Hillel Foundation at
the University of California, will ad
dress the group.
Jewish students at Stanford are
invited to attend a special meeting
Jan. Ifi in the Memorial Chapel ves
try at 7:30 p.m. Rabbi Joseph Gitin,
director of the Hillel Foundation at
the University of California, will ad
dress the group.
Jewish students at Stanford are
invited to attend a special meeting
Jan. Ifi in the Memorial Chapel ves
try at 7:30 p.m. Rabbi Joseph Gitin,
director of the Hillel Foundation at
the University of California, will ad
dress the group.
Jewish students at Stanford are
invited to attend a special meeting
Jan. Ifi in the Memorial Chapel ves
try at 7:30 p.m. Rabbi Joseph Gitin,
director of the Hillel Foundation at
the University of California, will ad
dress the group.
Jewish students at Stanford are
invited to attend a special meeting
Jan. Ifi in the Memorial Chapel ves
try at 7:30 p.m. Rabbi Joseph Gitin,
director of the Hillel Foundation at
the University of California, will ad
dress the group.
Jewish students at Stanford are
invited to attend a special meeting
Jan. Ifi in the Memorial Chapel ves
try at 7:30 p.m. Rabbi Joseph Gitin,
director of the Hillel Foundation at
the University of California, will ad
dress the group.
Jewish students at Stanford are
invited to attend a special meeting
Jan. Ifi in the Memorial Chapel ves
try at 7:30 p.m. Rabbi Joseph Gitin,
director of the Hillel Foundation at
the University of California, will ad
dress the group.
