# Untitled Article
## 
### 
La Liana has contributed a sum of
eighty-five dollars to the Womans'
Club House Fund as the receipts from
the cafeteria luncheon last Saturday.
La Liana has contributed a sum of
eighty-five dollars to the Womans'
Club House Fund as the receipts from
the cafeteria luncheon last Saturday.
La Liana has contributed a sum of
eighty-five dollars to the Womans'
Club House Fund as the receipts from
the cafeteria luncheon last Saturday.
La Liana has contributed a sum of
eighty-five dollars to the Womans'
Club House Fund as the receipts from
the cafeteria luncheon last Saturday.
La Liana has contributed a sum of
eighty-five dollars to the Womans'
Club House Fund as the receipts from
the cafeteria luncheon last Saturday.
La Liana has contributed a sum of
eighty-five dollars to the Womans'
Club House Fund as the receipts from
the cafeteria luncheon last Saturday.
La Liana has contributed a sum of
eighty-five dollars to the Womans'
Club House Fund as the receipts from
the cafeteria luncheon last Saturday.
La Liana has contributed a sum of
eighty-five dollars to the Womans'
Club House Fund as the receipts from
the cafeteria luncheon last Saturday.
La Liana has contributed a sum of
eighty-five dollars to the Womans'
Club House Fund as the receipts from
the cafeteria luncheon last Saturday.
La Liana has contributed a sum of
eighty-five dollars to the Womans'
Club House Fund as the receipts from
the cafeteria luncheon last Saturday.
La Liana has contributed a sum of
eighty-five dollars to the Womans'
Club House Fund as the receipts from
the cafeteria luncheon last Saturday.
La Liana has contributed a sum of
eighty-five dollars to the Womans'
Club House Fund as the receipts from
the cafeteria luncheon last Saturday.
