# ROTH HOUSE
## 
### 
President, Mary Mettler; vice
president, Julia Bontjes; secre
tary, Carol Lamb; treasurer, Ar
lene Burnett; social chairmen,
Barbara Bachman, Lois Le Count;
committee of eight, Sylvia Ghe
lardi; house manager, Ann Scott;
song leader, Judy Harmon.
President, Mary Mettler; vice
president, Julia Bontjes; secre
tary, Carol Lamb; treasurer, Ar
lene Burnett; social chairmen,
Barbara Bachman, Lois Le Count;
committee of eight, Sylvia Ghe
lardi; house manager, Ann Scott;
song leader, Judy Harmon.
President, Mary Mettler; vice
president, Julia Bontjes; secre
tary, Carol Lamb; treasurer, Ar
lene Burnett; social chairmen,
Barbara Bachman, Lois Le Count;
committee of eight, Sylvia Ghe
lardi; house manager, Ann Scott;
song leader, Judy Harmon.
President, Mary Mettler; vice
president, Julia Bontjes; secre
tary, Carol Lamb; treasurer, Ar
lene Burnett; social chairmen,
Barbara Bachman, Lois Le Count;
committee of eight, Sylvia Ghe
lardi; house manager, Ann Scott;
song leader, Judy Harmon.
President, Mary Mettler; vice
president, Julia Bontjes; secre
tary, Carol Lamb; treasurer, Ar
lene Burnett; social chairmen,
Barbara Bachman, Lois Le Count;
committee of eight, Sylvia Ghe
lardi; house manager, Ann Scott;
song leader, Judy Harmon.
President, Mary Mettler; vice
president, Julia Bontjes; secre
tary, Carol Lamb; treasurer, Ar
lene Burnett; social chairmen,
Barbara Bachman, Lois Le Count;
committee of eight, Sylvia Ghe
lardi; house manager, Ann Scott;
song leader, Judy Harmon.
President, Mary Mettler; vice
president, Julia Bontjes; secre
tary, Carol Lamb; treasurer, Ar
lene Burnett; social chairmen,
Barbara Bachman, Lois Le Count;
committee of eight, Sylvia Ghe
lardi; house manager, Ann Scott;
song leader, Judy Harmon.
President, Mary Mettler; vice
president, Julia Bontjes; secre
tary, Carol Lamb; treasurer, Ar
lene Burnett; social chairmen,
Barbara Bachman, Lois Le Count;
committee of eight, Sylvia Ghe
lardi; house manager, Ann Scott;
song leader, Judy Harmon.
President, Mary Mettler; vice
president, Julia Bontjes; secre
tary, Carol Lamb; treasurer, Ar
lene Burnett; social chairmen,
Barbara Bachman, Lois Le Count;
committee of eight, Sylvia Ghe
lardi; house manager, Ann Scott;
song leader, Judy Harmon.
President, Mary Mettler; vice
president, Julia Bontjes; secre
tary, Carol Lamb; treasurer, Ar
lene Burnett; social chairmen,
Barbara Bachman, Lois Le Count;
committee of eight, Sylvia Ghe
lardi; house manager, Ann Scott;
song leader, Judy Harmon.
President, Mary Mettler; vice
president, Julia Bontjes; secre
tary, Carol Lamb; treasurer, Ar
lene Burnett; social chairmen,
Barbara Bachman, Lois Le Count;
committee of eight, Sylvia Ghe
lardi; house manager, Ann Scott;
song leader, Judy Harmon.
President, Mary Mettler; vice
president, Julia Bontjes; secre
tary, Carol Lamb; treasurer, Ar
lene Burnett; social chairmen,
Barbara Bachman, Lois Le Count;
committee of eight, Sylvia Ghe
lardi; house manager, Ann Scott;
song leader, Judy Harmon.
President, Mary Mettler; vice
president, Julia Bontjes; secre
tary, Carol Lamb; treasurer, Ar
lene Burnett; social chairmen,
Barbara Bachman, Lois Le Count;
committee of eight, Sylvia Ghe
lardi; house manager, Ann Scott;
song leader, Judy Harmon.
President, Mary Mettler; vice
president, Julia Bontjes; secre
tary, Carol Lamb; treasurer, Ar
lene Burnett; social chairmen,
Barbara Bachman, Lois Le Count;
committee of eight, Sylvia Ghe
lardi; house manager, Ann Scott;
song leader, Judy Harmon.
President, Mary Mettler; vice
president, Julia Bontjes; secre
tary, Carol Lamb; treasurer, Ar
lene Burnett; social chairmen,
Barbara Bachman, Lois Le Count;
committee of eight, Sylvia Ghe
lardi; house manager, Ann Scott;
song leader, Judy Harmon.
President, Mary Mettler; vice
president, Julia Bontjes; secre
tary, Carol Lamb; treasurer, Ar
lene Burnett; social chairmen,
Barbara Bachman, Lois Le Count;
committee of eight, Sylvia Ghe
lardi; house manager, Ann Scott;
song leader, Judy Harmon.
President, Mary Mettler; vice
president, Julia Bontjes; secre
tary, Carol Lamb; treasurer, Ar
lene Burnett; social chairmen,
Barbara Bachman, Lois Le Count;
committee of eight, Sylvia Ghe
lardi; house manager, Ann Scott;
song leader, Judy Harmon.
