# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The state agent of the Hankers'
Life Association of l)es Moines,
lowa, Mr. Edward F. Delger, who
recently visited the University, very
kindly explained the system of his
company to us, and we must can
didly admit that it impressed ih
most favorably. The guarantee and
surplus fund of the company, now
in the eighteenth year of its exist
ence, exceeds $2,000,000, and is in
deed a splendid guarantee both of
the stability of the company as

well :is ti> a continuance of their
surprisingly low rates, furnishing
insurance on a man's life, aged 40,
at an annual average rate of $H. 40
per thousand, and at correspond
ingly low rates for other ages. The
assets of the association are under
the direct control of the state au
thorities and are hy them safely in
vested. We would recommend any
one interested to either call upon
or communicate with Mr. Delger,
whose head office is located in the
Safe Deposit Building in San Fran
cisco.
The state agent of the Hankers'
Life Association of l)es Moines,
lowa, Mr. Edward F. Delger, who
recently visited the University, very
kindly explained the system of his
company to us, and we must can
didly admit that it impressed ih
most favorably. The guarantee and
surplus fund of the company, now
in the eighteenth year of its exist
ence, exceeds $2,000,000, and is in
deed a splendid guarantee both of
the stability of the company as

well :is ti> a continuance of their
surprisingly low rates, furnishing
insurance on a man's life, aged 40,
at an annual average rate of $H. 40
per thousand, and at correspond
ingly low rates for other ages. The
assets of the association are under
the direct control of the state au
thorities and are hy them safely in
vested. We would recommend any
one interested to either call upon
or communicate with Mr. Delger,
whose head office is located in the
Safe Deposit Building in San Fran
cisco.
The state agent of the Hankers'
Life Association of l)es Moines,
lowa, Mr. Edward F. Delger, who
recently visited the University, very
kindly explained the system of his
company to us, and we must can
didly admit that it impressed ih
most favorably. The guarantee and
surplus fund of the company, now
in the eighteenth year of its exist
ence, exceeds $2,000,000, and is in
deed a splendid guarantee both of
the stability of the company as

well :is ti> a continuance of their
surprisingly low rates, furnishing
insurance on a man's life, aged 40,
at an annual average rate of $H. 40
per thousand, and at correspond
ingly low rates for other ages. The
assets of the association are under
the direct control of the state au
thorities and are hy them safely in
vested. We would recommend any
one interested to either call upon
or communicate with Mr. Delger,
whose head office is located in the
Safe Deposit Building in San Fran
cisco.
The state agent of the Hankers'
Life Association of l)es Moines,
lowa, Mr. Edward F. Delger, who
recently visited the University, very
kindly explained the system of his
company to us, and we must can
didly admit that it impressed ih
most favorably. The guarantee and
surplus fund of the company, now
in the eighteenth year of its exist
ence, exceeds $2,000,000, and is in
deed a splendid guarantee both of
the stability of the company as

well :is ti> a continuance of their
surprisingly low rates, furnishing
insurance on a man's life, aged 40,
at an annual average rate of $H. 40
per thousand, and at correspond
ingly low rates for other ages. The
assets of the association are under
the direct control of the state au
thorities and are hy them safely in
vested. We would recommend any
one interested to either call upon
or communicate with Mr. Delger,
whose head office is located in the
Safe Deposit Building in San Fran
cisco.
The state agent of the Hankers'
Life Association of l)es Moines,
lowa, Mr. Edward F. Delger, who
recently visited the University, very
kindly explained the system of his
company to us, and we must can
didly admit that it impressed ih
most favorably. The guarantee and
surplus fund of the company, now
in the eighteenth year of its exist
ence, exceeds $2,000,000, and is in
deed a splendid guarantee both of
the stability of the company as

well :is ti> a continuance of their
surprisingly low rates, furnishing
insurance on a man's life, aged 40,
at an annual average rate of $H. 40
per thousand, and at correspond
ingly low rates for other ages. The
assets of the association are under
the direct control of the state au
thorities and are hy them safely in
vested. We would recommend any
one interested to either call upon
or communicate with Mr. Delger,
whose head office is located in the
Safe Deposit Building in San Fran
cisco.
