# E.W. SMITH ATTENDS JOURNALISM MEETING
## 
### 
Professor Everett W. Smith of the
journalism department was elected
vice-president of the American As
sociation of Schools and Depart
ments of .Journalism at the conven
tion which he is now attending in
Boston.
Professor Smith plans !o be in the
East until the end of the quarter j
when he will return to the campus j
to resume his duties as professor of
journalism and Director of Pub
licity.
Professor Everett W. Smith of the
journalism department was elected
vice-president of the American As
sociation of Schools and Depart
ments of .Journalism at the conven
tion which he is now attending in
Boston.
Professor Smith plans !o be in the
East until the end of the quarter j
when he will return to the campus j
to resume his duties as professor of
journalism and Director of Pub
licity.
Professor Everett W. Smith of the
journalism department was elected
vice-president of the American As
sociation of Schools and Depart
ments of .Journalism at the conven
tion which he is now attending in
Boston.
Professor Smith plans !o be in the
East until the end of the quarter j
when he will return to the campus j
to resume his duties as professor of
journalism and Director of Pub
licity.
Professor Everett W. Smith of the
journalism department was elected
vice-president of the American As
sociation of Schools and Depart
ments of .Journalism at the conven
tion which he is now attending in
Boston.
Professor Smith plans !o be in the
East until the end of the quarter j
when he will return to the campus j
to resume his duties as professor of
journalism and Director of Pub
licity.
Professor Everett W. Smith of the
journalism department was elected
vice-president of the American As
sociation of Schools and Depart
ments of .Journalism at the conven
tion which he is now attending in
Boston.
Professor Smith plans !o be in the
East until the end of the quarter j
when he will return to the campus j
to resume his duties as professor of
journalism and Director of Pub
licity.
Professor Everett W. Smith of the
journalism department was elected
vice-president of the American As
sociation of Schools and Depart
ments of .Journalism at the conven
tion which he is now attending in
Boston.
Professor Smith plans !o be in the
East until the end of the quarter j
when he will return to the campus j
to resume his duties as professor of
journalism and Director of Pub
licity.
Professor Everett W. Smith of the
journalism department was elected
vice-president of the American As
sociation of Schools and Depart
ments of .Journalism at the conven
tion which he is now attending in
Boston.
Professor Smith plans !o be in the
East until the end of the quarter j
when he will return to the campus j
to resume his duties as professor of
journalism and Director of Pub
licity.
Professor Everett W. Smith of the
journalism department was elected
vice-president of the American As
sociation of Schools and Depart
ments of .Journalism at the conven
tion which he is now attending in
Boston.
Professor Smith plans !o be in the
East until the end of the quarter j
when he will return to the campus j
to resume his duties as professor of
journalism and Director of Pub
licity.
Professor Everett W. Smith of the
journalism department was elected
vice-president of the American As
sociation of Schools and Depart
ments of .Journalism at the conven
tion which he is now attending in
Boston.
Professor Smith plans !o be in the
East until the end of the quarter j
when he will return to the campus j
to resume his duties as professor of
journalism and Director of Pub
licity.
Professor Everett W. Smith of the
journalism department was elected
vice-president of the American As
sociation of Schools and Depart
ments of .Journalism at the conven
tion which he is now attending in
Boston.
Professor Smith plans !o be in the
East until the end of the quarter j
when he will return to the campus j
to resume his duties as professor of
journalism and Director of Pub
licity.
Professor Everett W. Smith of the
journalism department was elected
vice-president of the American As
sociation of Schools and Depart
ments of .Journalism at the conven
tion which he is now attending in
Boston.
Professor Smith plans !o be in the
East until the end of the quarter j
when he will return to the campus j
to resume his duties as professor of
journalism and Director of Pub
licity.
Professor Everett W. Smith of the
journalism department was elected
vice-president of the American As
sociation of Schools and Depart
ments of .Journalism at the conven
tion which he is now attending in
Boston.
Professor Smith plans !o be in the
East until the end of the quarter j
when he will return to the campus j
to resume his duties as professor of
journalism and Director of Pub
licity.
Professor Everett W. Smith of the
journalism department was elected
vice-president of the American As
sociation of Schools and Depart
ments of .Journalism at the conven
tion which he is now attending in
Boston.
Professor Smith plans !o be in the
East until the end of the quarter j
when he will return to the campus j
to resume his duties as professor of
journalism and Director of Pub
licity.
Professor Everett W. Smith of the
journalism department was elected
vice-president of the American As
sociation of Schools and Depart
ments of .Journalism at the conven
tion which he is now attending in
Boston.
Professor Smith plans !o be in the
East until the end of the quarter j
when he will return to the campus j
to resume his duties as professor of
journalism and Director of Pub
licity.
Professor Everett W. Smith of the
journalism department was elected
vice-president of the American As
sociation of Schools and Depart
ments of .Journalism at the conven
tion which he is now attending in
Boston.
Professor Smith plans !o be in the
East until the end of the quarter j
when he will return to the campus j
to resume his duties as professor of
journalism and Director of Pub
licity.
