# Untitled Article
## 
### 
First staff meeting of the quarter will be held at 1 o'clock this
afternoon. It i> ini|>orlant 1 hat all report' -rs and copy editors be
present.
First staff meeting of the quarter will be held at 1 o'clock this
afternoon. It i> ini|>orlant 1 hat all report' -rs and copy editors be
present.
First staff meeting of the quarter will be held at 1 o'clock this
afternoon. It i> ini|>orlant 1 hat all report' -rs and copy editors be
present.
First staff meeting of the quarter will be held at 1 o'clock this
afternoon. It i> ini|>orlant 1 hat all report' -rs and copy editors be
present.
First staff meeting of the quarter will be held at 1 o'clock this
afternoon. It i> ini|>orlant 1 hat all report' -rs and copy editors be
present.
First staff meeting of the quarter will be held at 1 o'clock this
afternoon. It i> ini|>orlant 1 hat all report' -rs and copy editors be
present.
First staff meeting of the quarter will be held at 1 o'clock this
afternoon. It i> ini|>orlant 1 hat all report' -rs and copy editors be
present.
First staff meeting of the quarter will be held at 1 o'clock this
afternoon. It i> ini|>orlant 1 hat all report' -rs and copy editors be
present.
First staff meeting of the quarter will be held at 1 o'clock this
afternoon. It i> ini|>orlant 1 hat all report' -rs and copy editors be
present.
First staff meeting of the quarter will be held at 1 o'clock this
afternoon. It i> ini|>orlant 1 hat all report' -rs and copy editors be
present.
First staff meeting of the quarter will be held at 1 o'clock this
afternoon. It i> ini|>orlant 1 hat all report' -rs and copy editors be
present.
First staff meeting of the quarter will be held at 1 o'clock this
afternoon. It i> ini|>orlant 1 hat all report' -rs and copy editors be
present.
First staff meeting of the quarter will be held at 1 o'clock this
afternoon. It i> ini|>orlant 1 hat all report' -rs and copy editors be
present.
First staff meeting of the quarter will be held at 1 o'clock this
afternoon. It i> ini|>orlant 1 hat all report' -rs and copy editors be
present.
First staff meeting of the quarter will be held at 1 o'clock this
afternoon. It i> ini|>orlant 1 hat all report' -rs and copy editors be
present.
