# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Aimee McPherson has returned to
her pulpit in Los Angeles after an
illness.
Aimee McPherson has returned to
her pulpit in Los Angeles after an
illness.
Aimee McPherson has returned to
her pulpit in Los Angeles after an
illness.
Aimee McPherson has returned to
her pulpit in Los Angeles after an
illness.
Aimee McPherson has returned to
her pulpit in Los Angeles after an
illness.
Aimee McPherson has returned to
her pulpit in Los Angeles after an
illness.
Aimee McPherson has returned to
her pulpit in Los Angeles after an
illness.
Aimee McPherson has returned to
her pulpit in Los Angeles after an
illness.
Aimee McPherson has returned to
her pulpit in Los Angeles after an
illness.
Aimee McPherson has returned to
her pulpit in Los Angeles after an
illness.
Aimee McPherson has returned to
her pulpit in Los Angeles after an
illness.
Aimee McPherson has returned to
her pulpit in Los Angeles after an
illness.
Aimee McPherson has returned to
her pulpit in Los Angeles after an
illness.
Aimee McPherson has returned to
her pulpit in Los Angeles after an
illness.
Aimee McPherson has returned to
her pulpit in Los Angeles after an
illness.
