# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Deaths from motor vehicles accidents
in the United States will ap
proximate 32,000 this year—an in
crease of 1.000 over last year.
Deaths from motor vehicles accidents
in the United States will ap
proximate 32,000 this year—an in
crease of 1.000 over last year.
Deaths from motor vehicles accidents
in the United States will ap
proximate 32,000 this year—an in
crease of 1.000 over last year.
Deaths from motor vehicles accidents
in the United States will ap
proximate 32,000 this year—an in
crease of 1.000 over last year.
Deaths from motor vehicles accidents
in the United States will ap
proximate 32,000 this year—an in
crease of 1.000 over last year.
Deaths from motor vehicles accidents
in the United States will ap
proximate 32,000 this year—an in
crease of 1.000 over last year.
Deaths from motor vehicles accidents
in the United States will ap
proximate 32,000 this year—an in
crease of 1.000 over last year.
Deaths from motor vehicles accidents
in the United States will ap
proximate 32,000 this year—an in
crease of 1.000 over last year.
Deaths from motor vehicles accidents
in the United States will ap
proximate 32,000 this year—an in
crease of 1.000 over last year.
Deaths from motor vehicles accidents
in the United States will ap
proximate 32,000 this year—an in
crease of 1.000 over last year.
Deaths from motor vehicles accidents
in the United States will ap
proximate 32,000 this year—an in
crease of 1.000 over last year.
Deaths from motor vehicles accidents
in the United States will ap
proximate 32,000 this year—an in
crease of 1.000 over last year.
Deaths from motor vehicles accidents
in the United States will ap
proximate 32,000 this year—an in
crease of 1.000 over last year.
Deaths from motor vehicles accidents
in the United States will ap
proximate 32,000 this year—an in
crease of 1.000 over last year.
Deaths from motor vehicles accidents
in the United States will ap
proximate 32,000 this year—an in
crease of 1.000 over last year.
