# TO RESUME FLIGHT
## 
### 
NORFOLK, Va., Jan. 5. (/P) —The
monoplane Trade Wind, weather
permitting, will leave early tomor
row to continue on its flight to
Bermuda.
NORFOLK, Va., Jan. 5. (/P) —The
monoplane Trade Wind, weather
permitting, will leave early tomor
row to continue on its flight to
Bermuda.
NORFOLK, Va., Jan. 5. (/P) —The
monoplane Trade Wind, weather
permitting, will leave early tomor
row to continue on its flight to
Bermuda.
NORFOLK, Va., Jan. 5. (/P) —The
monoplane Trade Wind, weather
permitting, will leave early tomor
row to continue on its flight to
Bermuda.
NORFOLK, Va., Jan. 5. (/P) —The
monoplane Trade Wind, weather
permitting, will leave early tomor
row to continue on its flight to
Bermuda.
NORFOLK, Va., Jan. 5. (/P) —The
monoplane Trade Wind, weather
permitting, will leave early tomor
row to continue on its flight to
Bermuda.
NORFOLK, Va., Jan. 5. (/P) —The
monoplane Trade Wind, weather
permitting, will leave early tomor
row to continue on its flight to
Bermuda.
NORFOLK, Va., Jan. 5. (/P) —The
monoplane Trade Wind, weather
permitting, will leave early tomor
row to continue on its flight to
Bermuda.
NORFOLK, Va., Jan. 5. (/P) —The
monoplane Trade Wind, weather
permitting, will leave early tomor
row to continue on its flight to
Bermuda.
NORFOLK, Va., Jan. 5. (/P) —The
monoplane Trade Wind, weather
permitting, will leave early tomor
row to continue on its flight to
Bermuda.
NORFOLK, Va., Jan. 5. (/P) —The
monoplane Trade Wind, weather
permitting, will leave early tomor
row to continue on its flight to
Bermuda.
NORFOLK, Va., Jan. 5. (/P) —The
monoplane Trade Wind, weather
permitting, will leave early tomor
row to continue on its flight to
Bermuda.
NORFOLK, Va., Jan. 5. (/P) —The
monoplane Trade Wind, weather
permitting, will leave early tomor
row to continue on its flight to
Bermuda.
NORFOLK, Va., Jan. 5. (/P) —The
monoplane Trade Wind, weather
permitting, will leave early tomor
row to continue on its flight to
Bermuda.
NORFOLK, Va., Jan. 5. (/P) —The
monoplane Trade Wind, weather
permitting, will leave early tomor
row to continue on its flight to
Bermuda.
