# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The initiation of tlie newly-elected
members into Phi Beta Kappa is set
for April 27.
The initiation of tlie newly-elected
members into Phi Beta Kappa is set
for April 27.
The initiation of tlie newly-elected
members into Phi Beta Kappa is set
for April 27.
The initiation of tlie newly-elected
members into Phi Beta Kappa is set
for April 27.
The initiation of tlie newly-elected
members into Phi Beta Kappa is set
for April 27.
The initiation of tlie newly-elected
members into Phi Beta Kappa is set
for April 27.
The initiation of tlie newly-elected
members into Phi Beta Kappa is set
for April 27.
The initiation of tlie newly-elected
members into Phi Beta Kappa is set
for April 27.
The initiation of tlie newly-elected
members into Phi Beta Kappa is set
for April 27.
The initiation of tlie newly-elected
members into Phi Beta Kappa is set
for April 27.
The initiation of tlie newly-elected
members into Phi Beta Kappa is set
for April 27.
The initiation of tlie newly-elected
members into Phi Beta Kappa is set
for April 27.
