# Announcements
## 
### 
Friday
Nu Sigma Nil—Meets at Kappa Al
pha House, 7:30.
Tuesday
Senior Week Committee—Delia
Clamma House. S p.m
V. W. C. —Regular meeting post
poned from Tuesday until Thursday
afternoon.
Friday
Nu Sigma Nil—Meets at Kappa Al
pha House, 7:30.
Tuesday
Senior Week Committee—Delia
Clamma House. S p.m
V. W. C. —Regular meeting post
poned from Tuesday until Thursday
afternoon.
Friday
Nu Sigma Nil—Meets at Kappa Al
pha House, 7:30.
Tuesday
Senior Week Committee—Delia
Clamma House. S p.m
V. W. C. —Regular meeting post
poned from Tuesday until Thursday
afternoon.
Friday
Nu Sigma Nil—Meets at Kappa Al
pha House, 7:30.
Tuesday
Senior Week Committee—Delia
Clamma House. S p.m
V. W. C. —Regular meeting post
poned from Tuesday until Thursday
afternoon.
Friday
Nu Sigma Nil—Meets at Kappa Al
pha House, 7:30.
Tuesday
Senior Week Committee—Delia
Clamma House. S p.m
V. W. C. —Regular meeting post
poned from Tuesday until Thursday
afternoon.
Friday
Nu Sigma Nil—Meets at Kappa Al
pha House, 7:30.
Tuesday
Senior Week Committee—Delia
Clamma House. S p.m
V. W. C. —Regular meeting post
poned from Tuesday until Thursday
afternoon.
Friday
Nu Sigma Nil—Meets at Kappa Al
pha House, 7:30.
Tuesday
Senior Week Committee—Delia
Clamma House. S p.m
V. W. C. —Regular meeting post
poned from Tuesday until Thursday
afternoon.
Friday
Nu Sigma Nil—Meets at Kappa Al
pha House, 7:30.
Tuesday
Senior Week Committee—Delia
Clamma House. S p.m
V. W. C. —Regular meeting post
poned from Tuesday until Thursday
afternoon.
Friday
Nu Sigma Nil—Meets at Kappa Al
pha House, 7:30.
Tuesday
Senior Week Committee—Delia
Clamma House. S p.m
V. W. C. —Regular meeting post
poned from Tuesday until Thursday
afternoon.
Friday
Nu Sigma Nil—Meets at Kappa Al
pha House, 7:30.
Tuesday
Senior Week Committee—Delia
Clamma House. S p.m
V. W. C. —Regular meeting post
poned from Tuesday until Thursday
afternoon.
Friday
Nu Sigma Nil—Meets at Kappa Al
pha House, 7:30.
Tuesday
Senior Week Committee—Delia
Clamma House. S p.m
V. W. C. —Regular meeting post
poned from Tuesday until Thursday
afternoon.
Friday
Nu Sigma Nil—Meets at Kappa Al
pha House, 7:30.
Tuesday
Senior Week Committee—Delia
Clamma House. S p.m
V. W. C. —Regular meeting post
poned from Tuesday until Thursday
afternoon.
