# AF Applications Due
## 
### 
January 20 Is the application
deadline for participants in the
Air Force ROTC program for
the 1966-67 school year, it was
announced today. Lt. Colonel
Matthews, Professor of Aero
space Studies at Stanford noted
that all candidates must take a
required Aptitude Test on Jan
uary 21 to determine eligibility
for the competitive program.
Further Information is available
through the BAC building or by
calling ex. 2553.
January 20 Is the application
deadline for participants in the
Air Force ROTC program for
the 1966-67 school year, it was
announced today. Lt. Colonel
Matthews, Professor of Aero
space Studies at Stanford noted
that all candidates must take a
required Aptitude Test on Jan
uary 21 to determine eligibility
for the competitive program.
Further Information is available
through the BAC building or by
calling ex. 2553.
January 20 Is the application
deadline for participants in the
Air Force ROTC program for
the 1966-67 school year, it was
announced today. Lt. Colonel
Matthews, Professor of Aero
space Studies at Stanford noted
that all candidates must take a
required Aptitude Test on Jan
uary 21 to determine eligibility
for the competitive program.
Further Information is available
through the BAC building or by
calling ex. 2553.
January 20 Is the application
deadline for participants in the
Air Force ROTC program for
the 1966-67 school year, it was
announced today. Lt. Colonel
Matthews, Professor of Aero
space Studies at Stanford noted
that all candidates must take a
required Aptitude Test on Jan
uary 21 to determine eligibility
for the competitive program.
Further Information is available
through the BAC building or by
calling ex. 2553.
January 20 Is the application
deadline for participants in the
Air Force ROTC program for
the 1966-67 school year, it was
announced today. Lt. Colonel
Matthews, Professor of Aero
space Studies at Stanford noted
that all candidates must take a
required Aptitude Test on Jan
uary 21 to determine eligibility
for the competitive program.
Further Information is available
through the BAC building or by
calling ex. 2553.
January 20 Is the application
deadline for participants in the
Air Force ROTC program for
the 1966-67 school year, it was
announced today. Lt. Colonel
Matthews, Professor of Aero
space Studies at Stanford noted
that all candidates must take a
required Aptitude Test on Jan
uary 21 to determine eligibility
for the competitive program.
Further Information is available
through the BAC building or by
calling ex. 2553.
January 20 Is the application
deadline for participants in the
Air Force ROTC program for
the 1966-67 school year, it was
announced today. Lt. Colonel
Matthews, Professor of Aero
space Studies at Stanford noted
that all candidates must take a
required Aptitude Test on Jan
uary 21 to determine eligibility
for the competitive program.
Further Information is available
through the BAC building or by
calling ex. 2553.
January 20 Is the application
deadline for participants in the
Air Force ROTC program for
the 1966-67 school year, it was
announced today. Lt. Colonel
Matthews, Professor of Aero
space Studies at Stanford noted
that all candidates must take a
required Aptitude Test on Jan
uary 21 to determine eligibility
for the competitive program.
Further Information is available
through the BAC building or by
calling ex. 2553.
January 20 Is the application
deadline for participants in the
Air Force ROTC program for
the 1966-67 school year, it was
announced today. Lt. Colonel
Matthews, Professor of Aero
space Studies at Stanford noted
that all candidates must take a
required Aptitude Test on Jan
uary 21 to determine eligibility
for the competitive program.
Further Information is available
through the BAC building or by
calling ex. 2553.
January 20 Is the application
deadline for participants in the
Air Force ROTC program for
the 1966-67 school year, it was
announced today. Lt. Colonel
Matthews, Professor of Aero
space Studies at Stanford noted
that all candidates must take a
required Aptitude Test on Jan
uary 21 to determine eligibility
for the competitive program.
Further Information is available
through the BAC building or by
calling ex. 2553.
January 20 Is the application
deadline for participants in the
Air Force ROTC program for
the 1966-67 school year, it was
announced today. Lt. Colonel
Matthews, Professor of Aero
space Studies at Stanford noted
that all candidates must take a
required Aptitude Test on Jan
uary 21 to determine eligibility
for the competitive program.
Further Information is available
through the BAC building or by
calling ex. 2553.
January 20 Is the application
deadline for participants in the
Air Force ROTC program for
the 1966-67 school year, it was
announced today. Lt. Colonel
Matthews, Professor of Aero
space Studies at Stanford noted
that all candidates must take a
required Aptitude Test on Jan
uary 21 to determine eligibility
for the competitive program.
Further Information is available
through the BAC building or by
calling ex. 2553.
January 20 Is the application
deadline for participants in the
Air Force ROTC program for
the 1966-67 school year, it was
announced today. Lt. Colonel
Matthews, Professor of Aero
space Studies at Stanford noted
that all candidates must take a
required Aptitude Test on Jan
uary 21 to determine eligibility
for the competitive program.
Further Information is available
through the BAC building or by
calling ex. 2553.
January 20 Is the application
deadline for participants in the
Air Force ROTC program for
the 1966-67 school year, it was
announced today. Lt. Colonel
Matthews, Professor of Aero
space Studies at Stanford noted
that all candidates must take a
required Aptitude Test on Jan
uary 21 to determine eligibility
for the competitive program.
Further Information is available
through the BAC building or by
calling ex. 2553.
January 20 Is the application
deadline for participants in the
Air Force ROTC program for
the 1966-67 school year, it was
announced today. Lt. Colonel
Matthews, Professor of Aero
space Studies at Stanford noted
that all candidates must take a
required Aptitude Test on Jan
uary 21 to determine eligibility
for the competitive program.
Further Information is available
through the BAC building or by
calling ex. 2553.
January 20 Is the application
deadline for participants in the
Air Force ROTC program for
the 1966-67 school year, it was
announced today. Lt. Colonel
Matthews, Professor of Aero
space Studies at Stanford noted
that all candidates must take a
required Aptitude Test on Jan
uary 21 to determine eligibility
for the competitive program.
Further Information is available
through the BAC building or by
calling ex. 2553.
