# Sequoia Out
## 
### 
Sequoia, the University's lit
erary magazine, will go on sale
on Wednesday at Engineering
Corner, the post office, and
Tresidder for one dollar.
This issue is the first in ap
proximately ten years to be writ
ten and designed entirely by un
dergraduates. It contains three
poems, two short stories, an es
say on Yvor Winter's early poet
ry, and a portfolio of photo
graphs by Peter Kaukenen.
Sequoia, the University's lit
erary magazine, will go on sale
on Wednesday at Engineering
Corner, the post office, and
Tresidder for one dollar.
This issue is the first in ap
proximately ten years to be writ
ten and designed entirely by un
dergraduates. It contains three
poems, two short stories, an es
say on Yvor Winter's early poet
ry, and a portfolio of photo
graphs by Peter Kaukenen.
Sequoia, the University's lit
erary magazine, will go on sale
on Wednesday at Engineering
Corner, the post office, and
Tresidder for one dollar.
This issue is the first in ap
proximately ten years to be writ
ten and designed entirely by un
dergraduates. It contains three
poems, two short stories, an es
say on Yvor Winter's early poet
ry, and a portfolio of photo
graphs by Peter Kaukenen.
Sequoia, the University's lit
erary magazine, will go on sale
on Wednesday at Engineering
Corner, the post office, and
Tresidder for one dollar.
This issue is the first in ap
proximately ten years to be writ
ten and designed entirely by un
dergraduates. It contains three
poems, two short stories, an es
say on Yvor Winter's early poet
ry, and a portfolio of photo
graphs by Peter Kaukenen.
Sequoia, the University's lit
erary magazine, will go on sale
on Wednesday at Engineering
Corner, the post office, and
Tresidder for one dollar.
This issue is the first in ap
proximately ten years to be writ
ten and designed entirely by un
dergraduates. It contains three
poems, two short stories, an es
say on Yvor Winter's early poet
ry, and a portfolio of photo
graphs by Peter Kaukenen.
Sequoia, the University's lit
erary magazine, will go on sale
on Wednesday at Engineering
Corner, the post office, and
Tresidder for one dollar.
This issue is the first in ap
proximately ten years to be writ
ten and designed entirely by un
dergraduates. It contains three
poems, two short stories, an es
say on Yvor Winter's early poet
ry, and a portfolio of photo
graphs by Peter Kaukenen.
Sequoia, the University's lit
erary magazine, will go on sale
on Wednesday at Engineering
Corner, the post office, and
Tresidder for one dollar.
This issue is the first in ap
proximately ten years to be writ
ten and designed entirely by un
dergraduates. It contains three
poems, two short stories, an es
say on Yvor Winter's early poet
ry, and a portfolio of photo
graphs by Peter Kaukenen.
Sequoia, the University's lit
erary magazine, will go on sale
on Wednesday at Engineering
Corner, the post office, and
Tresidder for one dollar.
This issue is the first in ap
proximately ten years to be writ
ten and designed entirely by un
dergraduates. It contains three
poems, two short stories, an es
say on Yvor Winter's early poet
ry, and a portfolio of photo
graphs by Peter Kaukenen.
Sequoia, the University's lit
erary magazine, will go on sale
on Wednesday at Engineering
Corner, the post office, and
Tresidder for one dollar.
This issue is the first in ap
proximately ten years to be writ
ten and designed entirely by un
dergraduates. It contains three
poems, two short stories, an es
say on Yvor Winter's early poet
ry, and a portfolio of photo
graphs by Peter Kaukenen.
Sequoia, the University's lit
erary magazine, will go on sale
on Wednesday at Engineering
Corner, the post office, and
Tresidder for one dollar.
This issue is the first in ap
proximately ten years to be writ
ten and designed entirely by un
dergraduates. It contains three
poems, two short stories, an es
say on Yvor Winter's early poet
ry, and a portfolio of photo
graphs by Peter Kaukenen.
Sequoia, the University's lit
erary magazine, will go on sale
on Wednesday at Engineering
Corner, the post office, and
Tresidder for one dollar.
This issue is the first in ap
proximately ten years to be writ
ten and designed entirely by un
dergraduates. It contains three
poems, two short stories, an es
say on Yvor Winter's early poet
ry, and a portfolio of photo
graphs by Peter Kaukenen.
Sequoia, the University's lit
erary magazine, will go on sale
on Wednesday at Engineering
Corner, the post office, and
Tresidder for one dollar.
This issue is the first in ap
proximately ten years to be writ
ten and designed entirely by un
dergraduates. It contains three
poems, two short stories, an es
say on Yvor Winter's early poet
ry, and a portfolio of photo
graphs by Peter Kaukenen.
Sequoia, the University's lit
erary magazine, will go on sale
on Wednesday at Engineering
Corner, the post office, and
Tresidder for one dollar.
This issue is the first in ap
proximately ten years to be writ
ten and designed entirely by un
dergraduates. It contains three
poems, two short stories, an es
say on Yvor Winter's early poet
ry, and a portfolio of photo
graphs by Peter Kaukenen.
Sequoia, the University's lit
erary magazine, will go on sale
on Wednesday at Engineering
Corner, the post office, and
Tresidder for one dollar.
This issue is the first in ap
proximately ten years to be writ
ten and designed entirely by un
dergraduates. It contains three
poems, two short stories, an es
say on Yvor Winter's early poet
ry, and a portfolio of photo
graphs by Peter Kaukenen.
Sequoia, the University's lit
erary magazine, will go on sale
on Wednesday at Engineering
Corner, the post office, and
Tresidder for one dollar.
This issue is the first in ap
proximately ten years to be writ
ten and designed entirely by un
dergraduates. It contains three
poems, two short stories, an es
say on Yvor Winter's early poet
ry, and a portfolio of photo
graphs by Peter Kaukenen.
Sequoia, the University's lit
erary magazine, will go on sale
on Wednesday at Engineering
Corner, the post office, and
Tresidder for one dollar.
This issue is the first in ap
proximately ten years to be writ
ten and designed entirely by un
dergraduates. It contains three
poems, two short stories, an es
say on Yvor Winter's early poet
ry, and a portfolio of photo
graphs by Peter Kaukenen.
