# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Miss Marguerite Wilson, '11, was
married January 2, in Los Angeles, to
Hoyt Post, jr., of Detroit. Miss |
Wilson was prominent in Stanford
dramatics, and was a member of Delta j
Delta Delta.
Miss Marguerite Wilson, '11, was
married January 2, in Los Angeles, to
Hoyt Post, jr., of Detroit. Miss |
Wilson was prominent in Stanford
dramatics, and was a member of Delta j
Delta Delta.
Miss Marguerite Wilson, '11, was
married January 2, in Los Angeles, to
Hoyt Post, jr., of Detroit. Miss |
Wilson was prominent in Stanford
dramatics, and was a member of Delta j
Delta Delta.
Miss Marguerite Wilson, '11, was
married January 2, in Los Angeles, to
Hoyt Post, jr., of Detroit. Miss |
Wilson was prominent in Stanford
dramatics, and was a member of Delta j
Delta Delta.
Miss Marguerite Wilson, '11, was
married January 2, in Los Angeles, to
Hoyt Post, jr., of Detroit. Miss |
Wilson was prominent in Stanford
dramatics, and was a member of Delta j
Delta Delta.
Miss Marguerite Wilson, '11, was
married January 2, in Los Angeles, to
Hoyt Post, jr., of Detroit. Miss |
Wilson was prominent in Stanford
dramatics, and was a member of Delta j
Delta Delta.
Miss Marguerite Wilson, '11, was
married January 2, in Los Angeles, to
Hoyt Post, jr., of Detroit. Miss |
Wilson was prominent in Stanford
dramatics, and was a member of Delta j
Delta Delta.
Miss Marguerite Wilson, '11, was
married January 2, in Los Angeles, to
Hoyt Post, jr., of Detroit. Miss |
Wilson was prominent in Stanford
dramatics, and was a member of Delta j
Delta Delta.
Miss Marguerite Wilson, '11, was
married January 2, in Los Angeles, to
Hoyt Post, jr., of Detroit. Miss |
Wilson was prominent in Stanford
dramatics, and was a member of Delta j
Delta Delta.
Miss Marguerite Wilson, '11, was
married January 2, in Los Angeles, to
Hoyt Post, jr., of Detroit. Miss |
Wilson was prominent in Stanford
dramatics, and was a member of Delta j
Delta Delta.
Miss Marguerite Wilson, '11, was
married January 2, in Los Angeles, to
Hoyt Post, jr., of Detroit. Miss |
Wilson was prominent in Stanford
dramatics, and was a member of Delta j
Delta Delta.
Miss Marguerite Wilson, '11, was
married January 2, in Los Angeles, to
Hoyt Post, jr., of Detroit. Miss |
Wilson was prominent in Stanford
dramatics, and was a member of Delta j
Delta Delta.
Miss Marguerite Wilson, '11, was
married January 2, in Los Angeles, to
Hoyt Post, jr., of Detroit. Miss |
Wilson was prominent in Stanford
dramatics, and was a member of Delta j
Delta Delta.
