# Boathouse Deal To Be Approved
## 
### 
Barriers that caused , temporary
delay in wrecking the Farm's old
boat house will be cleared away to
day when A.S.S.U. Manager Tom
Kiliefer. President H. B. Lee, and I
representatives from the architect
and builder sign final draft of the'
contract for construction of the new I
building.
Actual wrecking work cannot start I
until after signing of the contract,
James W. McDonnell, superintend

ent of buildings and grounds, said.
Architect Ernest Wiehe and Con
struction Engineer Marty Martinez
will meet Killefer and Lee today at
1 o'clock, it was learned.
Construction of the new boat
house will begin simultaneously
with wrecking of the old structure,
Lee said, since the two operations
will not interfere with each other.
Old lumber will be stacked for use
in the Big Game bonfire, Lee added.
Barriers that caused , temporary
delay in wrecking the Farm's old
boat house will be cleared away to
day when A.S.S.U. Manager Tom
Kiliefer. President H. B. Lee, and I
representatives from the architect
and builder sign final draft of the'
contract for construction of the new I
building.
Actual wrecking work cannot start I
until after signing of the contract,
James W. McDonnell, superintend

ent of buildings and grounds, said.
Architect Ernest Wiehe and Con
struction Engineer Marty Martinez
will meet Killefer and Lee today at
1 o'clock, it was learned.
Construction of the new boat
house will begin simultaneously
with wrecking of the old structure,
Lee said, since the two operations
will not interfere with each other.
Old lumber will be stacked for use
in the Big Game bonfire, Lee added.
Barriers that caused , temporary
delay in wrecking the Farm's old
boat house will be cleared away to
day when A.S.S.U. Manager Tom
Kiliefer. President H. B. Lee, and I
representatives from the architect
and builder sign final draft of the'
contract for construction of the new I
building.
Actual wrecking work cannot start I
until after signing of the contract,
James W. McDonnell, superintend

ent of buildings and grounds, said.
Architect Ernest Wiehe and Con
struction Engineer Marty Martinez
will meet Killefer and Lee today at
1 o'clock, it was learned.
Construction of the new boat
house will begin simultaneously
with wrecking of the old structure,
Lee said, since the two operations
will not interfere with each other.
Old lumber will be stacked for use
in the Big Game bonfire, Lee added.
Barriers that caused , temporary
delay in wrecking the Farm's old
boat house will be cleared away to
day when A.S.S.U. Manager Tom
Kiliefer. President H. B. Lee, and I
representatives from the architect
and builder sign final draft of the'
contract for construction of the new I
building.
Actual wrecking work cannot start I
until after signing of the contract,
James W. McDonnell, superintend

ent of buildings and grounds, said.
Architect Ernest Wiehe and Con
struction Engineer Marty Martinez
will meet Killefer and Lee today at
1 o'clock, it was learned.
Construction of the new boat
house will begin simultaneously
with wrecking of the old structure,
Lee said, since the two operations
will not interfere with each other.
Old lumber will be stacked for use
in the Big Game bonfire, Lee added.
Barriers that caused , temporary
delay in wrecking the Farm's old
boat house will be cleared away to
day when A.S.S.U. Manager Tom
Kiliefer. President H. B. Lee, and I
representatives from the architect
and builder sign final draft of the'
contract for construction of the new I
building.
Actual wrecking work cannot start I
until after signing of the contract,
James W. McDonnell, superintend

ent of buildings and grounds, said.
Architect Ernest Wiehe and Con
struction Engineer Marty Martinez
will meet Killefer and Lee today at
1 o'clock, it was learned.
Construction of the new boat
house will begin simultaneously
with wrecking of the old structure,
Lee said, since the two operations
will not interfere with each other.
Old lumber will be stacked for use
in the Big Game bonfire, Lee added.
Barriers that caused , temporary
delay in wrecking the Farm's old
boat house will be cleared away to
day when A.S.S.U. Manager Tom
Kiliefer. President H. B. Lee, and I
representatives from the architect
and builder sign final draft of the'
contract for construction of the new I
building.
Actual wrecking work cannot start I
until after signing of the contract,
James W. McDonnell, superintend

ent of buildings and grounds, said.
Architect Ernest Wiehe and Con
struction Engineer Marty Martinez
will meet Killefer and Lee today at
1 o'clock, it was learned.
Construction of the new boat
house will begin simultaneously
with wrecking of the old structure,
Lee said, since the two operations
will not interfere with each other.
Old lumber will be stacked for use
in the Big Game bonfire, Lee added.
Barriers that caused , temporary
delay in wrecking the Farm's old
boat house will be cleared away to
day when A.S.S.U. Manager Tom
Kiliefer. President H. B. Lee, and I
representatives from the architect
and builder sign final draft of the'
contract for construction of the new I
building.
Actual wrecking work cannot start I
until after signing of the contract,
James W. McDonnell, superintend

ent of buildings and grounds, said.
Architect Ernest Wiehe and Con
struction Engineer Marty Martinez
will meet Killefer and Lee today at
1 o'clock, it was learned.
Construction of the new boat
house will begin simultaneously
with wrecking of the old structure,
Lee said, since the two operations
will not interfere with each other.
Old lumber will be stacked for use
in the Big Game bonfire, Lee added.
Barriers that caused , temporary
delay in wrecking the Farm's old
boat house will be cleared away to
day when A.S.S.U. Manager Tom
Kiliefer. President H. B. Lee, and I
representatives from the architect
and builder sign final draft of the'
contract for construction of the new I
building.
Actual wrecking work cannot start I
until after signing of the contract,
James W. McDonnell, superintend

ent of buildings and grounds, said.
Architect Ernest Wiehe and Con
struction Engineer Marty Martinez
will meet Killefer and Lee today at
1 o'clock, it was learned.
Construction of the new boat
house will begin simultaneously
with wrecking of the old structure,
Lee said, since the two operations
will not interfere with each other.
Old lumber will be stacked for use
in the Big Game bonfire, Lee added.
Barriers that caused , temporary
delay in wrecking the Farm's old
boat house will be cleared away to
day when A.S.S.U. Manager Tom
Kiliefer. President H. B. Lee, and I
representatives from the architect
and builder sign final draft of the'
contract for construction of the new I
building.
Actual wrecking work cannot start I
until after signing of the contract,
James W. McDonnell, superintend

ent of buildings and grounds, said.
Architect Ernest Wiehe and Con
struction Engineer Marty Martinez
will meet Killefer and Lee today at
1 o'clock, it was learned.
Construction of the new boat
house will begin simultaneously
with wrecking of the old structure,
Lee said, since the two operations
will not interfere with each other.
Old lumber will be stacked for use
in the Big Game bonfire, Lee added.
Barriers that caused , temporary
delay in wrecking the Farm's old
boat house will be cleared away to
day when A.S.S.U. Manager Tom
Kiliefer. President H. B. Lee, and I
representatives from the architect
and builder sign final draft of the'
contract for construction of the new I
building.
Actual wrecking work cannot start I
until after signing of the contract,
James W. McDonnell, superintend

ent of buildings and grounds, said.
Architect Ernest Wiehe and Con
struction Engineer Marty Martinez
will meet Killefer and Lee today at
1 o'clock, it was learned.
Construction of the new boat
house will begin simultaneously
with wrecking of the old structure,
Lee said, since the two operations
will not interfere with each other.
Old lumber will be stacked for use
in the Big Game bonfire, Lee added.
Barriers that caused , temporary
delay in wrecking the Farm's old
boat house will be cleared away to
day when A.S.S.U. Manager Tom
Kiliefer. President H. B. Lee, and I
representatives from the architect
and builder sign final draft of the'
contract for construction of the new I
building.
Actual wrecking work cannot start I
until after signing of the contract,
James W. McDonnell, superintend

ent of buildings and grounds, said.
Architect Ernest Wiehe and Con
struction Engineer Marty Martinez
will meet Killefer and Lee today at
1 o'clock, it was learned.
Construction of the new boat
house will begin simultaneously
with wrecking of the old structure,
Lee said, since the two operations
will not interfere with each other.
Old lumber will be stacked for use
in the Big Game bonfire, Lee added.
Barriers that caused , temporary
delay in wrecking the Farm's old
boat house will be cleared away to
day when A.S.S.U. Manager Tom
Kiliefer. President H. B. Lee, and I
representatives from the architect
and builder sign final draft of the'
contract for construction of the new I
building.
Actual wrecking work cannot start I
until after signing of the contract,
James W. McDonnell, superintend

ent of buildings and grounds, said.
Architect Ernest Wiehe and Con
struction Engineer Marty Martinez
will meet Killefer and Lee today at
1 o'clock, it was learned.
Construction of the new boat
house will begin simultaneously
with wrecking of the old structure,
Lee said, since the two operations
will not interfere with each other.
Old lumber will be stacked for use
in the Big Game bonfire, Lee added.
Barriers that caused , temporary
delay in wrecking the Farm's old
boat house will be cleared away to
day when A.S.S.U. Manager Tom
Kiliefer. President H. B. Lee, and I
representatives from the architect
and builder sign final draft of the'
contract for construction of the new I
building.
Actual wrecking work cannot start I
until after signing of the contract,
James W. McDonnell, superintend

ent of buildings and grounds, said.
Architect Ernest Wiehe and Con
struction Engineer Marty Martinez
will meet Killefer and Lee today at
1 o'clock, it was learned.
Construction of the new boat
house will begin simultaneously
with wrecking of the old structure,
Lee said, since the two operations
will not interfere with each other.
Old lumber will be stacked for use
in the Big Game bonfire, Lee added.
Barriers that caused , temporary
delay in wrecking the Farm's old
boat house will be cleared away to
day when A.S.S.U. Manager Tom
Kiliefer. President H. B. Lee, and I
representatives from the architect
and builder sign final draft of the'
contract for construction of the new I
building.
Actual wrecking work cannot start I
until after signing of the contract,
James W. McDonnell, superintend

ent of buildings and grounds, said.
Architect Ernest Wiehe and Con
struction Engineer Marty Martinez
will meet Killefer and Lee today at
1 o'clock, it was learned.
Construction of the new boat
house will begin simultaneously
with wrecking of the old structure,
Lee said, since the two operations
will not interfere with each other.
Old lumber will be stacked for use
in the Big Game bonfire, Lee added.
Barriers that caused , temporary
delay in wrecking the Farm's old
boat house will be cleared away to
day when A.S.S.U. Manager Tom
Kiliefer. President H. B. Lee, and I
representatives from the architect
and builder sign final draft of the'
contract for construction of the new I
building.
Actual wrecking work cannot start I
until after signing of the contract,
James W. McDonnell, superintend

ent of buildings and grounds, said.
Architect Ernest Wiehe and Con
struction Engineer Marty Martinez
will meet Killefer and Lee today at
1 o'clock, it was learned.
Construction of the new boat
house will begin simultaneously
with wrecking of the old structure,
Lee said, since the two operations
will not interfere with each other.
Old lumber will be stacked for use
in the Big Game bonfire, Lee added.
