# WESTERN UNION PRESENTS TELEGRAMS
## 
### TELEFAX 
At Tnrina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a hlank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mit ted immediately and automati
rally in facsimile.
RTMFMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body arc authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality Statements are
rendeied monthly.
At Tnrina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a hlank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mit ted immediately and automati
rally in facsimile.
RTMFMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body arc authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality Statements are
rendeied monthly.
At Tnrina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a hlank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mit ted immediately and automati
rally in facsimile.
RTMFMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body arc authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality Statements are
rendeied monthly.
At Tnrina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a hlank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mit ted immediately and automati
rally in facsimile.
RTMFMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body arc authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality Statements are
rendeied monthly.
At Tnrina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a hlank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mit ted immediately and automati
rally in facsimile.
RTMFMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body arc authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality Statements are
rendeied monthly.
At Tnrina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a hlank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mit ted immediately and automati
rally in facsimile.
RTMFMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body arc authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality Statements are
rendeied monthly.
At Tnrina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a hlank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mit ted immediately and automati
rally in facsimile.
RTMFMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body arc authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality Statements are
rendeied monthly.
At Tnrina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a hlank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mit ted immediately and automati
rally in facsimile.
RTMFMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body arc authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality Statements are
rendeied monthly.
At Tnrina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a hlank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mit ted immediately and automati
rally in facsimile.
RTMFMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body arc authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality Statements are
rendeied monthly.
At Tnrina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a hlank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mit ted immediately and automati
rally in facsimile.
RTMFMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body arc authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality Statements are
rendeied monthly.
At Tnrina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a hlank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mit ted immediately and automati
rally in facsimile.
RTMFMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body arc authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality Statements are
rendeied monthly.
At Tnrina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a hlank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mit ted immediately and automati
rally in facsimile.
RTMFMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body arc authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality Statements are
rendeied monthly.
At Tnrina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a hlank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mit ted immediately and automati
rally in facsimile.
RTMFMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body arc authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality Statements are
rendeied monthly.
At Tnrina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a hlank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mit ted immediately and automati
rally in facsimile.
RTMFMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body arc authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality Statements are
rendeied monthly.
At Tnrina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a hlank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mit ted immediately and automati
rally in facsimile.
RTMFMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body arc authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality Statements are
rendeied monthly.
At Tnrina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to serve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a hlank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mit ted immediately and automati
rally in facsimile.
RTMFMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body arc authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality Statements are
rendeied monthly.
