# Merriman Is Reactivated
## 
### 
The draft, as it must to all men,
came to Lloyd Merriman today. Mer
riman, an all-PCC fullback who re
nounced one year of gridiron duty
to join the professional baseball wars

was recalled yesterday into active
duty with the Marine Air Force.
Gerry Coleman, Yankee second
baseman who went to school in San
Francisco was recalled at the same
time.
Merriman is 27 years old and mar
ried.


LLOYD MERRIMAN
—Recalled
The draft, as it must to all men,
came to Lloyd Merriman today. Mer
riman, an all-PCC fullback who re
nounced one year of gridiron duty
to join the professional baseball wars

was recalled yesterday into active
duty with the Marine Air Force.
Gerry Coleman, Yankee second
baseman who went to school in San
Francisco was recalled at the same
time.
Merriman is 27 years old and mar
ried.


LLOYD MERRIMAN
—Recalled
The draft, as it must to all men,
came to Lloyd Merriman today. Mer
riman, an all-PCC fullback who re
nounced one year of gridiron duty
to join the professional baseball wars

was recalled yesterday into active
duty with the Marine Air Force.
Gerry Coleman, Yankee second
baseman who went to school in San
Francisco was recalled at the same
time.
Merriman is 27 years old and mar
ried.


LLOYD MERRIMAN
—Recalled
The draft, as it must to all men,
came to Lloyd Merriman today. Mer
riman, an all-PCC fullback who re
nounced one year of gridiron duty
to join the professional baseball wars

was recalled yesterday into active
duty with the Marine Air Force.
Gerry Coleman, Yankee second
baseman who went to school in San
Francisco was recalled at the same
time.
Merriman is 27 years old and mar
ried.


LLOYD MERRIMAN
—Recalled
The draft, as it must to all men,
came to Lloyd Merriman today. Mer
riman, an all-PCC fullback who re
nounced one year of gridiron duty
to join the professional baseball wars

was recalled yesterday into active
duty with the Marine Air Force.
Gerry Coleman, Yankee second
baseman who went to school in San
Francisco was recalled at the same
time.
Merriman is 27 years old and mar
ried.


LLOYD MERRIMAN
—Recalled
The draft, as it must to all men,
came to Lloyd Merriman today. Mer
riman, an all-PCC fullback who re
nounced one year of gridiron duty
to join the professional baseball wars

was recalled yesterday into active
duty with the Marine Air Force.
Gerry Coleman, Yankee second
baseman who went to school in San
Francisco was recalled at the same
time.
Merriman is 27 years old and mar
ried.


LLOYD MERRIMAN
—Recalled
The draft, as it must to all men,
came to Lloyd Merriman today. Mer
riman, an all-PCC fullback who re
nounced one year of gridiron duty
to join the professional baseball wars

was recalled yesterday into active
duty with the Marine Air Force.
Gerry Coleman, Yankee second
baseman who went to school in San
Francisco was recalled at the same
time.
Merriman is 27 years old and mar
ried.


LLOYD MERRIMAN
—Recalled
The draft, as it must to all men,
came to Lloyd Merriman today. Mer
riman, an all-PCC fullback who re
nounced one year of gridiron duty
to join the professional baseball wars

was recalled yesterday into active
duty with the Marine Air Force.
Gerry Coleman, Yankee second
baseman who went to school in San
Francisco was recalled at the same
time.
Merriman is 27 years old and mar
ried.


LLOYD MERRIMAN
—Recalled
The draft, as it must to all men,
came to Lloyd Merriman today. Mer
riman, an all-PCC fullback who re
nounced one year of gridiron duty
to join the professional baseball wars

was recalled yesterday into active
duty with the Marine Air Force.
Gerry Coleman, Yankee second
baseman who went to school in San
Francisco was recalled at the same
time.
Merriman is 27 years old and mar
ried.


LLOYD MERRIMAN
—Recalled
The draft, as it must to all men,
came to Lloyd Merriman today. Mer
riman, an all-PCC fullback who re
nounced one year of gridiron duty
to join the professional baseball wars

was recalled yesterday into active
duty with the Marine Air Force.
Gerry Coleman, Yankee second
baseman who went to school in San
Francisco was recalled at the same
time.
Merriman is 27 years old and mar
ried.


LLOYD MERRIMAN
—Recalled
The draft, as it must to all men,
came to Lloyd Merriman today. Mer
riman, an all-PCC fullback who re
nounced one year of gridiron duty
to join the professional baseball wars

was recalled yesterday into active
duty with the Marine Air Force.
Gerry Coleman, Yankee second
baseman who went to school in San
Francisco was recalled at the same
time.
Merriman is 27 years old and mar
ried.


LLOYD MERRIMAN
—Recalled
The draft, as it must to all men,
came to Lloyd Merriman today. Mer
riman, an all-PCC fullback who re
nounced one year of gridiron duty
to join the professional baseball wars

was recalled yesterday into active
duty with the Marine Air Force.
Gerry Coleman, Yankee second
baseman who went to school in San
Francisco was recalled at the same
time.
Merriman is 27 years old and mar
ried.


LLOYD MERRIMAN
—Recalled
The draft, as it must to all men,
came to Lloyd Merriman today. Mer
riman, an all-PCC fullback who re
nounced one year of gridiron duty
to join the professional baseball wars

was recalled yesterday into active
duty with the Marine Air Force.
Gerry Coleman, Yankee second
baseman who went to school in San
Francisco was recalled at the same
time.
Merriman is 27 years old and mar
ried.


LLOYD MERRIMAN
—Recalled
The draft, as it must to all men,
came to Lloyd Merriman today. Mer
riman, an all-PCC fullback who re
nounced one year of gridiron duty
to join the professional baseball wars

was recalled yesterday into active
duty with the Marine Air Force.
Gerry Coleman, Yankee second
baseman who went to school in San
Francisco was recalled at the same
time.
Merriman is 27 years old and mar
ried.


LLOYD MERRIMAN
—Recalled
The draft, as it must to all men,
came to Lloyd Merriman today. Mer
riman, an all-PCC fullback who re
nounced one year of gridiron duty
to join the professional baseball wars

was recalled yesterday into active
duty with the Marine Air Force.
Gerry Coleman, Yankee second
baseman who went to school in San
Francisco was recalled at the same
time.
Merriman is 27 years old and mar
ried.


LLOYD MERRIMAN
—Recalled
The draft, as it must to all men,
came to Lloyd Merriman today. Mer
riman, an all-PCC fullback who re
nounced one year of gridiron duty
to join the professional baseball wars

was recalled yesterday into active
duty with the Marine Air Force.
Gerry Coleman, Yankee second
baseman who went to school in San
Francisco was recalled at the same
time.
Merriman is 27 years old and mar
ried.


LLOYD MERRIMAN
—Recalled
