# Sports The Stanford Daily
## 
### 

READY FOR BEAR—Oleg Suzdaleff, fiery little guard on the
Stanford varsity, will be on the starting five against Cal this
weekend.

READY FOR BEAR—Oleg Suzdaleff, fiery little guard on the
Stanford varsity, will be on the starting five against Cal this
weekend.

READY FOR BEAR—Oleg Suzdaleff, fiery little guard on the
Stanford varsity, will be on the starting five against Cal this
weekend.

READY FOR BEAR—Oleg Suzdaleff, fiery little guard on the
Stanford varsity, will be on the starting five against Cal this
weekend.

READY FOR BEAR—Oleg Suzdaleff, fiery little guard on the
Stanford varsity, will be on the starting five against Cal this
weekend.

READY FOR BEAR—Oleg Suzdaleff, fiery little guard on the
Stanford varsity, will be on the starting five against Cal this
weekend.

READY FOR BEAR—Oleg Suzdaleff, fiery little guard on the
Stanford varsity, will be on the starting five against Cal this
weekend.

READY FOR BEAR—Oleg Suzdaleff, fiery little guard on the
Stanford varsity, will be on the starting five against Cal this
weekend.

READY FOR BEAR—Oleg Suzdaleff, fiery little guard on the
Stanford varsity, will be on the starting five against Cal this
weekend.

READY FOR BEAR—Oleg Suzdaleff, fiery little guard on the
Stanford varsity, will be on the starting five against Cal this
weekend.

READY FOR BEAR—Oleg Suzdaleff, fiery little guard on the
Stanford varsity, will be on the starting five against Cal this
weekend.

READY FOR BEAR—Oleg Suzdaleff, fiery little guard on the
Stanford varsity, will be on the starting five against Cal this
weekend.

READY FOR BEAR—Oleg Suzdaleff, fiery little guard on the
Stanford varsity, will be on the starting five against Cal this
weekend.

READY FOR BEAR—Oleg Suzdaleff, fiery little guard on the
Stanford varsity, will be on the starting five against Cal this
weekend.

READY FOR BEAR—Oleg Suzdaleff, fiery little guard on the
Stanford varsity, will be on the starting five against Cal this
weekend.

READY FOR BEAR—Oleg Suzdaleff, fiery little guard on the
Stanford varsity, will be on the starting five against Cal this
weekend.
