# S.S. CONCORD DAMAGED BY CARGO FIRE; SMALL LOSS
## 
### 
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Oct. 20.—Pas

(By United Press)

sengers aboard the Concord, Colonial
line steamer, New York to Providence,
were roused from their berths early
today when the cargo caught fire as
the ship was approaching this port.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Oct. 20.—Pas

(By United Press)

sengers aboard the Concord, Colonial
line steamer, New York to Providence,
were roused from their berths early
today when the cargo caught fire as
the ship was approaching this port.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Oct. 20.—Pas

(By United Press)

sengers aboard the Concord, Colonial
line steamer, New York to Providence,
were roused from their berths early
today when the cargo caught fire as
the ship was approaching this port.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Oct. 20.—Pas

(By United Press)

sengers aboard the Concord, Colonial
line steamer, New York to Providence,
were roused from their berths early
today when the cargo caught fire as
the ship was approaching this port.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Oct. 20.—Pas

(By United Press)

sengers aboard the Concord, Colonial
line steamer, New York to Providence,
were roused from their berths early
today when the cargo caught fire as
the ship was approaching this port.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Oct. 20.—Pas

(By United Press)

sengers aboard the Concord, Colonial
line steamer, New York to Providence,
were roused from their berths early
today when the cargo caught fire as
the ship was approaching this port.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Oct. 20.—Pas

(By United Press)

sengers aboard the Concord, Colonial
line steamer, New York to Providence,
were roused from their berths early
today when the cargo caught fire as
the ship was approaching this port.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Oct. 20.—Pas

(By United Press)

sengers aboard the Concord, Colonial
line steamer, New York to Providence,
were roused from their berths early
today when the cargo caught fire as
the ship was approaching this port.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Oct. 20.—Pas

(By United Press)

sengers aboard the Concord, Colonial
line steamer, New York to Providence,
were roused from their berths early
today when the cargo caught fire as
the ship was approaching this port.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Oct. 20.—Pas

(By United Press)

sengers aboard the Concord, Colonial
line steamer, New York to Providence,
were roused from their berths early
today when the cargo caught fire as
the ship was approaching this port.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Oct. 20.—Pas

(By United Press)

sengers aboard the Concord, Colonial
line steamer, New York to Providence,
were roused from their berths early
today when the cargo caught fire as
the ship was approaching this port.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Oct. 20.—Pas

(By United Press)

sengers aboard the Concord, Colonial
line steamer, New York to Providence,
were roused from their berths early
today when the cargo caught fire as
the ship was approaching this port.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Oct. 20.—Pas

(By United Press)

sengers aboard the Concord, Colonial
line steamer, New York to Providence,
were roused from their berths early
today when the cargo caught fire as
the ship was approaching this port.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Oct. 20.—Pas

(By United Press)

sengers aboard the Concord, Colonial
line steamer, New York to Providence,
were roused from their berths early
today when the cargo caught fire as
the ship was approaching this port.
