# LENS AND PLATE TO HOLD OPEN MEETING
## 
### 
A meeting open to all students in
terested in photography will be held
next Tuesday evening in the old Union
by Lens and Plate. It is believed that
there are quite a number among the
underclassmen who would like to en
gage in this type of campus activity
so a large attendance is expected.
George Calvin. '22, will address the
meeting on the "Fundamentals of
Printing."
A meeting open to all students in
terested in photography will be held
next Tuesday evening in the old Union
by Lens and Plate. It is believed that
there are quite a number among the
underclassmen who would like to en
gage in this type of campus activity
so a large attendance is expected.
George Calvin. '22, will address the
meeting on the "Fundamentals of
Printing."
A meeting open to all students in
terested in photography will be held
next Tuesday evening in the old Union
by Lens and Plate. It is believed that
there are quite a number among the
underclassmen who would like to en
gage in this type of campus activity
so a large attendance is expected.
George Calvin. '22, will address the
meeting on the "Fundamentals of
Printing."
A meeting open to all students in
terested in photography will be held
next Tuesday evening in the old Union
by Lens and Plate. It is believed that
there are quite a number among the
underclassmen who would like to en
gage in this type of campus activity
so a large attendance is expected.
George Calvin. '22, will address the
meeting on the "Fundamentals of
Printing."
A meeting open to all students in
terested in photography will be held
next Tuesday evening in the old Union
by Lens and Plate. It is believed that
there are quite a number among the
underclassmen who would like to en
gage in this type of campus activity
so a large attendance is expected.
George Calvin. '22, will address the
meeting on the "Fundamentals of
Printing."
A meeting open to all students in
terested in photography will be held
next Tuesday evening in the old Union
by Lens and Plate. It is believed that
there are quite a number among the
underclassmen who would like to en
gage in this type of campus activity
so a large attendance is expected.
George Calvin. '22, will address the
meeting on the "Fundamentals of
Printing."
A meeting open to all students in
terested in photography will be held
next Tuesday evening in the old Union
by Lens and Plate. It is believed that
there are quite a number among the
underclassmen who would like to en
gage in this type of campus activity
so a large attendance is expected.
George Calvin. '22, will address the
meeting on the "Fundamentals of
Printing."
A meeting open to all students in
terested in photography will be held
next Tuesday evening in the old Union
by Lens and Plate. It is believed that
there are quite a number among the
underclassmen who would like to en
gage in this type of campus activity
so a large attendance is expected.
George Calvin. '22, will address the
meeting on the "Fundamentals of
Printing."
A meeting open to all students in
terested in photography will be held
next Tuesday evening in the old Union
by Lens and Plate. It is believed that
there are quite a number among the
underclassmen who would like to en
gage in this type of campus activity
so a large attendance is expected.
George Calvin. '22, will address the
meeting on the "Fundamentals of
Printing."
A meeting open to all students in
terested in photography will be held
next Tuesday evening in the old Union
by Lens and Plate. It is believed that
there are quite a number among the
underclassmen who would like to en
gage in this type of campus activity
so a large attendance is expected.
George Calvin. '22, will address the
meeting on the "Fundamentals of
Printing."
A meeting open to all students in
terested in photography will be held
next Tuesday evening in the old Union
by Lens and Plate. It is believed that
there are quite a number among the
underclassmen who would like to en
gage in this type of campus activity
so a large attendance is expected.
George Calvin. '22, will address the
meeting on the "Fundamentals of
Printing."
A meeting open to all students in
terested in photography will be held
next Tuesday evening in the old Union
by Lens and Plate. It is believed that
there are quite a number among the
underclassmen who would like to en
gage in this type of campus activity
so a large attendance is expected.
George Calvin. '22, will address the
meeting on the "Fundamentals of
Printing."
A meeting open to all students in
terested in photography will be held
next Tuesday evening in the old Union
by Lens and Plate. It is believed that
there are quite a number among the
underclassmen who would like to en
gage in this type of campus activity
so a large attendance is expected.
George Calvin. '22, will address the
meeting on the "Fundamentals of
Printing."
A meeting open to all students in
terested in photography will be held
next Tuesday evening in the old Union
by Lens and Plate. It is believed that
there are quite a number among the
underclassmen who would like to en
gage in this type of campus activity
so a large attendance is expected.
George Calvin. '22, will address the
meeting on the "Fundamentals of
Printing."
