# Farm Men Enlist In Naval Reserve
## 
### 
Fourteen Stanford men this month
enlisted in the United States naval
reserve to undergo three months'
training as apprentice seamen, at
the conclusion of which some of
them will be qualified as midship
men and will be eligible for train
ing leading to the rank of ensign.
Robert C. Collman, '39, stole a
march on the rest of his mates, leav
ing last week with 34 other college
students and graduates for New
York, where he will join the U.S.S.
New York for a month's training as
an apprentice seaman.
Following him on September 25

will be: Bill Doheney, Pete and
Ralph Kingsbury, Phil Clayburgh,
Dick Shortal, Mart Mackey, Jack
Treft, Harold Barnard, Red Lewis,
Bruce Jessup, Stan Swafford, John
Ward, and John Faulsom.
