# Daily Party
## 
### 
The DAILY staff will cel
ebrate Christmas at 4 p.m.
Dec. 10. No location has
been set for the punch,
cookie and caroling extrav
aganza, but more informa
tion on the gala affair will
be available in the Daily of
fice next week.
The DAILY staff will cel
ebrate Christmas at 4 p.m.
Dec. 10. No location has
been set for the punch,
cookie and caroling extrav
aganza, but more informa
tion on the gala affair will
be available in the Daily of
fice next week.
The DAILY staff will cel
ebrate Christmas at 4 p.m.
Dec. 10. No location has
been set for the punch,
cookie and caroling extrav
aganza, but more informa
tion on the gala affair will
be available in the Daily of
fice next week.
The DAILY staff will cel
ebrate Christmas at 4 p.m.
Dec. 10. No location has
been set for the punch,
cookie and caroling extrav
aganza, but more informa
tion on the gala affair will
be available in the Daily of
fice next week.
The DAILY staff will cel
ebrate Christmas at 4 p.m.
Dec. 10. No location has
been set for the punch,
cookie and caroling extrav
aganza, but more informa
tion on the gala affair will
be available in the Daily of
fice next week.
The DAILY staff will cel
ebrate Christmas at 4 p.m.
Dec. 10. No location has
been set for the punch,
cookie and caroling extrav
aganza, but more informa
tion on the gala affair will
be available in the Daily of
fice next week.
The DAILY staff will cel
ebrate Christmas at 4 p.m.
Dec. 10. No location has
been set for the punch,
cookie and caroling extrav
aganza, but more informa
tion on the gala affair will
be available in the Daily of
fice next week.
The DAILY staff will cel
ebrate Christmas at 4 p.m.
Dec. 10. No location has
been set for the punch,
cookie and caroling extrav
aganza, but more informa
tion on the gala affair will
be available in the Daily of
fice next week.
The DAILY staff will cel
ebrate Christmas at 4 p.m.
Dec. 10. No location has
been set for the punch,
cookie and caroling extrav
aganza, but more informa
tion on the gala affair will
be available in the Daily of
fice next week.
The DAILY staff will cel
ebrate Christmas at 4 p.m.
Dec. 10. No location has
been set for the punch,
cookie and caroling extrav
aganza, but more informa
tion on the gala affair will
be available in the Daily of
fice next week.
The DAILY staff will cel
ebrate Christmas at 4 p.m.
Dec. 10. No location has
been set for the punch,
cookie and caroling extrav
aganza, but more informa
tion on the gala affair will
be available in the Daily of
fice next week.
The DAILY staff will cel
ebrate Christmas at 4 p.m.
Dec. 10. No location has
been set for the punch,
cookie and caroling extrav
aganza, but more informa
tion on the gala affair will
be available in the Daily of
fice next week.
The DAILY staff will cel
ebrate Christmas at 4 p.m.
Dec. 10. No location has
been set for the punch,
cookie and caroling extrav
aganza, but more informa
tion on the gala affair will
be available in the Daily of
fice next week.
The DAILY staff will cel
ebrate Christmas at 4 p.m.
Dec. 10. No location has
been set for the punch,
cookie and caroling extrav
aganza, but more informa
tion on the gala affair will
be available in the Daily of
fice next week.
The DAILY staff will cel
ebrate Christmas at 4 p.m.
Dec. 10. No location has
been set for the punch,
cookie and caroling extrav
aganza, but more informa
tion on the gala affair will
be available in the Daily of
fice next week.
The DAILY staff will cel
ebrate Christmas at 4 p.m.
Dec. 10. No location has
been set for the punch,
cookie and caroling extrav
aganza, but more informa
tion on the gala affair will
be available in the Daily of
fice next week.
