# Leary Marries
## 
### 
Dr. Timothy Leary, high
priest of LSD, has married his
one-time aide, it was announced
Wednesday .
Noel Tepper, Leary's attorney,
said he received a letter last
week from the 47 year-old advo
cate of the mind-expanding
drug, saying that he had mar
ried 32 year - old Rosemary
Woodruff.
Leary, a widower, has a 20
year-old daughter and an 18
year-old son, both of whom have
been arrested for drug use vio
lations.
Dr. Timothy Leary, high
priest of LSD, has married his
one-time aide, it was announced
Wednesday .
Noel Tepper, Leary's attorney,
said he received a letter last
week from the 47 year-old advo
cate of the mind-expanding
drug, saying that he had mar
ried 32 year - old Rosemary
Woodruff.
Leary, a widower, has a 20
year-old daughter and an 18
year-old son, both of whom have
been arrested for drug use vio
lations.
Dr. Timothy Leary, high
priest of LSD, has married his
one-time aide, it was announced
Wednesday .
Noel Tepper, Leary's attorney,
said he received a letter last
week from the 47 year-old advo
cate of the mind-expanding
drug, saying that he had mar
ried 32 year - old Rosemary
Woodruff.
Leary, a widower, has a 20
year-old daughter and an 18
year-old son, both of whom have
been arrested for drug use vio
lations.
Dr. Timothy Leary, high
priest of LSD, has married his
one-time aide, it was announced
Wednesday .
Noel Tepper, Leary's attorney,
said he received a letter last
week from the 47 year-old advo
cate of the mind-expanding
drug, saying that he had mar
ried 32 year - old Rosemary
Woodruff.
Leary, a widower, has a 20
year-old daughter and an 18
year-old son, both of whom have
been arrested for drug use vio
lations.
Dr. Timothy Leary, high
priest of LSD, has married his
one-time aide, it was announced
Wednesday .
Noel Tepper, Leary's attorney,
said he received a letter last
week from the 47 year-old advo
cate of the mind-expanding
drug, saying that he had mar
ried 32 year - old Rosemary
Woodruff.
Leary, a widower, has a 20
year-old daughter and an 18
year-old son, both of whom have
been arrested for drug use vio
lations.
Dr. Timothy Leary, high
priest of LSD, has married his
one-time aide, it was announced
Wednesday .
Noel Tepper, Leary's attorney,
said he received a letter last
week from the 47 year-old advo
cate of the mind-expanding
drug, saying that he had mar
ried 32 year - old Rosemary
Woodruff.
Leary, a widower, has a 20
year-old daughter and an 18
year-old son, both of whom have
been arrested for drug use vio
lations.
Dr. Timothy Leary, high
priest of LSD, has married his
one-time aide, it was announced
Wednesday .
Noel Tepper, Leary's attorney,
said he received a letter last
week from the 47 year-old advo
cate of the mind-expanding
drug, saying that he had mar
ried 32 year - old Rosemary
Woodruff.
Leary, a widower, has a 20
year-old daughter and an 18
year-old son, both of whom have
been arrested for drug use vio
lations.
Dr. Timothy Leary, high
priest of LSD, has married his
one-time aide, it was announced
Wednesday .
Noel Tepper, Leary's attorney,
said he received a letter last
week from the 47 year-old advo
cate of the mind-expanding
drug, saying that he had mar
ried 32 year - old Rosemary
Woodruff.
Leary, a widower, has a 20
year-old daughter and an 18
year-old son, both of whom have
been arrested for drug use vio
lations.
Dr. Timothy Leary, high
priest of LSD, has married his
one-time aide, it was announced
Wednesday .
Noel Tepper, Leary's attorney,
said he received a letter last
week from the 47 year-old advo
cate of the mind-expanding
drug, saying that he had mar
ried 32 year - old Rosemary
Woodruff.
Leary, a widower, has a 20
year-old daughter and an 18
year-old son, both of whom have
been arrested for drug use vio
lations.
Dr. Timothy Leary, high
priest of LSD, has married his
one-time aide, it was announced
Wednesday .
Noel Tepper, Leary's attorney,
said he received a letter last
week from the 47 year-old advo
cate of the mind-expanding
drug, saying that he had mar
ried 32 year - old Rosemary
Woodruff.
Leary, a widower, has a 20
year-old daughter and an 18
year-old son, both of whom have
been arrested for drug use vio
lations.
Dr. Timothy Leary, high
priest of LSD, has married his
one-time aide, it was announced
Wednesday .
Noel Tepper, Leary's attorney,
said he received a letter last
week from the 47 year-old advo
cate of the mind-expanding
drug, saying that he had mar
ried 32 year - old Rosemary
Woodruff.
Leary, a widower, has a 20
year-old daughter and an 18
year-old son, both of whom have
been arrested for drug use vio
lations.
Dr. Timothy Leary, high
priest of LSD, has married his
one-time aide, it was announced
Wednesday .
Noel Tepper, Leary's attorney,
said he received a letter last
week from the 47 year-old advo
cate of the mind-expanding
drug, saying that he had mar
ried 32 year - old Rosemary
Woodruff.
Leary, a widower, has a 20
year-old daughter and an 18
year-old son, both of whom have
been arrested for drug use vio
lations.
Dr. Timothy Leary, high
priest of LSD, has married his
one-time aide, it was announced
Wednesday .
Noel Tepper, Leary's attorney,
said he received a letter last
week from the 47 year-old advo
cate of the mind-expanding
drug, saying that he had mar
ried 32 year - old Rosemary
Woodruff.
Leary, a widower, has a 20
year-old daughter and an 18
year-old son, both of whom have
been arrested for drug use vio
lations.
Dr. Timothy Leary, high
priest of LSD, has married his
one-time aide, it was announced
Wednesday .
Noel Tepper, Leary's attorney,
said he received a letter last
week from the 47 year-old advo
cate of the mind-expanding
drug, saying that he had mar
ried 32 year - old Rosemary
Woodruff.
Leary, a widower, has a 20
year-old daughter and an 18
year-old son, both of whom have
been arrested for drug use vio
lations.
Dr. Timothy Leary, high
priest of LSD, has married his
one-time aide, it was announced
Wednesday .
Noel Tepper, Leary's attorney,
said he received a letter last
week from the 47 year-old advo
cate of the mind-expanding
drug, saying that he had mar
ried 32 year - old Rosemary
Woodruff.
Leary, a widower, has a 20
year-old daughter and an 18
year-old son, both of whom have
been arrested for drug use vio
lations.
Dr. Timothy Leary, high
priest of LSD, has married his
one-time aide, it was announced
Wednesday .
Noel Tepper, Leary's attorney,
said he received a letter last
week from the 47 year-old advo
cate of the mind-expanding
drug, saying that he had mar
ried 32 year - old Rosemary
Woodruff.
Leary, a widower, has a 20
year-old daughter and an 18
year-old son, both of whom have
been arrested for drug use vio
lations.
