# Former Farm Baseballer
## 
### 

' THIS WEEK'S CUTlE—lnstead of the usual Thursday morning
whistle-bait, The Daily is running this picture of Dave Melton
(center), former Farm baseballer, who graduated last year. Mel
ton is currently taking basic training with Company F of the 63rd
Infantry regiment at Fort Ord, Calif. He played for the San Fran
j cisco Seals and Yakima, Wash., last year.

' THIS WEEK'S CUTlE—lnstead of the usual Thursday morning
whistle-bait, The Daily is running this picture of Dave Melton
(center), former Farm baseballer, who graduated last year. Mel
ton is currently taking basic training with Company F of the 63rd
Infantry regiment at Fort Ord, Calif. He played for the San Fran
j cisco Seals and Yakima, Wash., last year.

' THIS WEEK'S CUTlE—lnstead of the usual Thursday morning
whistle-bait, The Daily is running this picture of Dave Melton
(center), former Farm baseballer, who graduated last year. Mel
ton is currently taking basic training with Company F of the 63rd
Infantry regiment at Fort Ord, Calif. He played for the San Fran
j cisco Seals and Yakima, Wash., last year.

' THIS WEEK'S CUTlE—lnstead of the usual Thursday morning
whistle-bait, The Daily is running this picture of Dave Melton
(center), former Farm baseballer, who graduated last year. Mel
ton is currently taking basic training with Company F of the 63rd
Infantry regiment at Fort Ord, Calif. He played for the San Fran
j cisco Seals and Yakima, Wash., last year.

' THIS WEEK'S CUTlE—lnstead of the usual Thursday morning
whistle-bait, The Daily is running this picture of Dave Melton
(center), former Farm baseballer, who graduated last year. Mel
ton is currently taking basic training with Company F of the 63rd
Infantry regiment at Fort Ord, Calif. He played for the San Fran
j cisco Seals and Yakima, Wash., last year.

' THIS WEEK'S CUTlE—lnstead of the usual Thursday morning
whistle-bait, The Daily is running this picture of Dave Melton
(center), former Farm baseballer, who graduated last year. Mel
ton is currently taking basic training with Company F of the 63rd
Infantry regiment at Fort Ord, Calif. He played for the San Fran
j cisco Seals and Yakima, Wash., last year.

' THIS WEEK'S CUTlE—lnstead of the usual Thursday morning
whistle-bait, The Daily is running this picture of Dave Melton
(center), former Farm baseballer, who graduated last year. Mel
ton is currently taking basic training with Company F of the 63rd
Infantry regiment at Fort Ord, Calif. He played for the San Fran
j cisco Seals and Yakima, Wash., last year.

' THIS WEEK'S CUTlE—lnstead of the usual Thursday morning
whistle-bait, The Daily is running this picture of Dave Melton
(center), former Farm baseballer, who graduated last year. Mel
ton is currently taking basic training with Company F of the 63rd
Infantry regiment at Fort Ord, Calif. He played for the San Fran
j cisco Seals and Yakima, Wash., last year.

' THIS WEEK'S CUTlE—lnstead of the usual Thursday morning
whistle-bait, The Daily is running this picture of Dave Melton
(center), former Farm baseballer, who graduated last year. Mel
ton is currently taking basic training with Company F of the 63rd
Infantry regiment at Fort Ord, Calif. He played for the San Fran
j cisco Seals and Yakima, Wash., last year.

' THIS WEEK'S CUTlE—lnstead of the usual Thursday morning
whistle-bait, The Daily is running this picture of Dave Melton
(center), former Farm baseballer, who graduated last year. Mel
ton is currently taking basic training with Company F of the 63rd
Infantry regiment at Fort Ord, Calif. He played for the San Fran
j cisco Seals and Yakima, Wash., last year.

' THIS WEEK'S CUTlE—lnstead of the usual Thursday morning
whistle-bait, The Daily is running this picture of Dave Melton
(center), former Farm baseballer, who graduated last year. Mel
ton is currently taking basic training with Company F of the 63rd
Infantry regiment at Fort Ord, Calif. He played for the San Fran
j cisco Seals and Yakima, Wash., last year.

' THIS WEEK'S CUTlE—lnstead of the usual Thursday morning
whistle-bait, The Daily is running this picture of Dave Melton
(center), former Farm baseballer, who graduated last year. Mel
ton is currently taking basic training with Company F of the 63rd
Infantry regiment at Fort Ord, Calif. He played for the San Fran
j cisco Seals and Yakima, Wash., last year.

' THIS WEEK'S CUTlE—lnstead of the usual Thursday morning
whistle-bait, The Daily is running this picture of Dave Melton
(center), former Farm baseballer, who graduated last year. Mel
ton is currently taking basic training with Company F of the 63rd
Infantry regiment at Fort Ord, Calif. He played for the San Fran
j cisco Seals and Yakima, Wash., last year.

' THIS WEEK'S CUTlE—lnstead of the usual Thursday morning
whistle-bait, The Daily is running this picture of Dave Melton
(center), former Farm baseballer, who graduated last year. Mel
ton is currently taking basic training with Company F of the 63rd
Infantry regiment at Fort Ord, Calif. He played for the San Fran
j cisco Seals and Yakima, Wash., last year.

' THIS WEEK'S CUTlE—lnstead of the usual Thursday morning
whistle-bait, The Daily is running this picture of Dave Melton
(center), former Farm baseballer, who graduated last year. Mel
ton is currently taking basic training with Company F of the 63rd
Infantry regiment at Fort Ord, Calif. He played for the San Fran
j cisco Seals and Yakima, Wash., last year.
