# Graduate Passes Bar Examinations.
## 
### 
F. T. Hates, '08, was one of the suc
cessful candidates for admittance to
the bar at the recent examinations
held before the Appellate Court in
TiOS Angeles.
F. T. Hates, '08, was one of the suc
cessful candidates for admittance to
the bar at the recent examinations
held before the Appellate Court in
TiOS Angeles.
F. T. Hates, '08, was one of the suc
cessful candidates for admittance to
the bar at the recent examinations
held before the Appellate Court in
TiOS Angeles.
F. T. Hates, '08, was one of the suc
cessful candidates for admittance to
the bar at the recent examinations
held before the Appellate Court in
TiOS Angeles.
F. T. Hates, '08, was one of the suc
cessful candidates for admittance to
the bar at the recent examinations
held before the Appellate Court in
TiOS Angeles.
F. T. Hates, '08, was one of the suc
cessful candidates for admittance to
the bar at the recent examinations
held before the Appellate Court in
TiOS Angeles.
F. T. Hates, '08, was one of the suc
cessful candidates for admittance to
the bar at the recent examinations
held before the Appellate Court in
TiOS Angeles.
F. T. Hates, '08, was one of the suc
cessful candidates for admittance to
the bar at the recent examinations
held before the Appellate Court in
TiOS Angeles.
F. T. Hates, '08, was one of the suc
cessful candidates for admittance to
the bar at the recent examinations
held before the Appellate Court in
TiOS Angeles.
F. T. Hates, '08, was one of the suc
cessful candidates for admittance to
the bar at the recent examinations
held before the Appellate Court in
TiOS Angeles.
F. T. Hates, '08, was one of the suc
cessful candidates for admittance to
the bar at the recent examinations
held before the Appellate Court in
TiOS Angeles.
