# Literary Society Will Banquet.
## 
### 
Instead of its weekly literary meet
ing, the Nestoria Literary Society will
tomorrow evening gather around the
festal board at the University Inn,
where the semi-annual banquet of the
organization is scheduled to be held.
Following the banquet proper, re
sponses to toasts proposed by the
president will be called for from the
members of the society. In addition
several novel forms of entertainment
have been provided.
Instead of its weekly literary meet
ing, the Nestoria Literary Society will
tomorrow evening gather around the
festal board at the University Inn,
where the semi-annual banquet of the
organization is scheduled to be held.
Following the banquet proper, re
sponses to toasts proposed by the
president will be called for from the
members of the society. In addition
several novel forms of entertainment
have been provided.
Instead of its weekly literary meet
ing, the Nestoria Literary Society will
tomorrow evening gather around the
festal board at the University Inn,
where the semi-annual banquet of the
organization is scheduled to be held.
Following the banquet proper, re
sponses to toasts proposed by the
president will be called for from the
members of the society. In addition
several novel forms of entertainment
have been provided.
Instead of its weekly literary meet
ing, the Nestoria Literary Society will
tomorrow evening gather around the
festal board at the University Inn,
where the semi-annual banquet of the
organization is scheduled to be held.
Following the banquet proper, re
sponses to toasts proposed by the
president will be called for from the
members of the society. In addition
several novel forms of entertainment
have been provided.
Instead of its weekly literary meet
ing, the Nestoria Literary Society will
tomorrow evening gather around the
festal board at the University Inn,
where the semi-annual banquet of the
organization is scheduled to be held.
Following the banquet proper, re
sponses to toasts proposed by the
president will be called for from the
members of the society. In addition
several novel forms of entertainment
have been provided.
Instead of its weekly literary meet
ing, the Nestoria Literary Society will
tomorrow evening gather around the
festal board at the University Inn,
where the semi-annual banquet of the
organization is scheduled to be held.
Following the banquet proper, re
sponses to toasts proposed by the
president will be called for from the
members of the society. In addition
several novel forms of entertainment
have been provided.
Instead of its weekly literary meet
ing, the Nestoria Literary Society will
tomorrow evening gather around the
festal board at the University Inn,
where the semi-annual banquet of the
organization is scheduled to be held.
Following the banquet proper, re
sponses to toasts proposed by the
president will be called for from the
members of the society. In addition
several novel forms of entertainment
have been provided.
Instead of its weekly literary meet
ing, the Nestoria Literary Society will
tomorrow evening gather around the
festal board at the University Inn,
where the semi-annual banquet of the
organization is scheduled to be held.
Following the banquet proper, re
sponses to toasts proposed by the
president will be called for from the
members of the society. In addition
several novel forms of entertainment
have been provided.
Instead of its weekly literary meet
ing, the Nestoria Literary Society will
tomorrow evening gather around the
festal board at the University Inn,
where the semi-annual banquet of the
organization is scheduled to be held.
Following the banquet proper, re
sponses to toasts proposed by the
president will be called for from the
members of the society. In addition
several novel forms of entertainment
have been provided.
Instead of its weekly literary meet
ing, the Nestoria Literary Society will
tomorrow evening gather around the
festal board at the University Inn,
where the semi-annual banquet of the
organization is scheduled to be held.
Following the banquet proper, re
sponses to toasts proposed by the
president will be called for from the
members of the society. In addition
several novel forms of entertainment
have been provided.
Instead of its weekly literary meet
ing, the Nestoria Literary Society will
tomorrow evening gather around the
festal board at the University Inn,
where the semi-annual banquet of the
organization is scheduled to be held.
Following the banquet proper, re
sponses to toasts proposed by the
president will be called for from the
members of the society. In addition
several novel forms of entertainment
have been provided.
