# Att'y-Gen. Brown Will Speak Here
## 
### 
California Attorney-General Ed
mund G. Brown will discuss "Key
Issues of the 195(> Election" Wed
nesday night at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium, Political Union Presi
dent Ernie Ilartz announced yes
terday.
Brown, California campaign
manage! for Democrat Adlai Ste
venson, has been mentioned as a
prominent possibility for the
Democratic Vice Presidential
nominat ion.
His talk will be preceded by a
coffee hour at 4:15 Wednesday
afternoon in Bowman Alumni
House.
California Attorney-General Ed
mund G. Brown will discuss "Key
Issues of the 195(> Election" Wed
nesday night at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium, Political Union Presi
dent Ernie Ilartz announced yes
terday.
Brown, California campaign
manage! for Democrat Adlai Ste
venson, has been mentioned as a
prominent possibility for the
Democratic Vice Presidential
nominat ion.
His talk will be preceded by a
coffee hour at 4:15 Wednesday
afternoon in Bowman Alumni
House.
California Attorney-General Ed
mund G. Brown will discuss "Key
Issues of the 195(> Election" Wed
nesday night at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium, Political Union Presi
dent Ernie Ilartz announced yes
terday.
Brown, California campaign
manage! for Democrat Adlai Ste
venson, has been mentioned as a
prominent possibility for the
Democratic Vice Presidential
nominat ion.
His talk will be preceded by a
coffee hour at 4:15 Wednesday
afternoon in Bowman Alumni
House.
California Attorney-General Ed
mund G. Brown will discuss "Key
Issues of the 195(> Election" Wed
nesday night at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium, Political Union Presi
dent Ernie Ilartz announced yes
terday.
Brown, California campaign
manage! for Democrat Adlai Ste
venson, has been mentioned as a
prominent possibility for the
Democratic Vice Presidential
nominat ion.
His talk will be preceded by a
coffee hour at 4:15 Wednesday
afternoon in Bowman Alumni
House.
California Attorney-General Ed
mund G. Brown will discuss "Key
Issues of the 195(> Election" Wed
nesday night at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium, Political Union Presi
dent Ernie Ilartz announced yes
terday.
Brown, California campaign
manage! for Democrat Adlai Ste
venson, has been mentioned as a
prominent possibility for the
Democratic Vice Presidential
nominat ion.
His talk will be preceded by a
coffee hour at 4:15 Wednesday
afternoon in Bowman Alumni
House.
California Attorney-General Ed
mund G. Brown will discuss "Key
Issues of the 195(> Election" Wed
nesday night at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium, Political Union Presi
dent Ernie Ilartz announced yes
terday.
Brown, California campaign
manage! for Democrat Adlai Ste
venson, has been mentioned as a
prominent possibility for the
Democratic Vice Presidential
nominat ion.
His talk will be preceded by a
coffee hour at 4:15 Wednesday
afternoon in Bowman Alumni
House.
California Attorney-General Ed
mund G. Brown will discuss "Key
Issues of the 195(> Election" Wed
nesday night at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium, Political Union Presi
dent Ernie Ilartz announced yes
terday.
Brown, California campaign
manage! for Democrat Adlai Ste
venson, has been mentioned as a
prominent possibility for the
Democratic Vice Presidential
nominat ion.
His talk will be preceded by a
coffee hour at 4:15 Wednesday
afternoon in Bowman Alumni
House.
California Attorney-General Ed
mund G. Brown will discuss "Key
Issues of the 195(> Election" Wed
nesday night at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium, Political Union Presi
dent Ernie Ilartz announced yes
terday.
Brown, California campaign
manage! for Democrat Adlai Ste
venson, has been mentioned as a
prominent possibility for the
Democratic Vice Presidential
nominat ion.
His talk will be preceded by a
coffee hour at 4:15 Wednesday
afternoon in Bowman Alumni
House.
California Attorney-General Ed
mund G. Brown will discuss "Key
Issues of the 195(> Election" Wed
nesday night at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium, Political Union Presi
dent Ernie Ilartz announced yes
terday.
Brown, California campaign
manage! for Democrat Adlai Ste
venson, has been mentioned as a
prominent possibility for the
Democratic Vice Presidential
nominat ion.
His talk will be preceded by a
coffee hour at 4:15 Wednesday
afternoon in Bowman Alumni
House.
California Attorney-General Ed
mund G. Brown will discuss "Key
Issues of the 195(> Election" Wed
nesday night at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium, Political Union Presi
dent Ernie Ilartz announced yes
terday.
Brown, California campaign
manage! for Democrat Adlai Ste
venson, has been mentioned as a
prominent possibility for the
Democratic Vice Presidential
nominat ion.
His talk will be preceded by a
coffee hour at 4:15 Wednesday
afternoon in Bowman Alumni
House.
California Attorney-General Ed
mund G. Brown will discuss "Key
Issues of the 195(> Election" Wed
nesday night at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium, Political Union Presi
dent Ernie Ilartz announced yes
terday.
Brown, California campaign
manage! for Democrat Adlai Ste
venson, has been mentioned as a
prominent possibility for the
Democratic Vice Presidential
nominat ion.
His talk will be preceded by a
coffee hour at 4:15 Wednesday
afternoon in Bowman Alumni
House.
California Attorney-General Ed
mund G. Brown will discuss "Key
Issues of the 195(> Election" Wed
nesday night at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium, Political Union Presi
dent Ernie Ilartz announced yes
terday.
Brown, California campaign
manage! for Democrat Adlai Ste
venson, has been mentioned as a
prominent possibility for the
Democratic Vice Presidential
nominat ion.
His talk will be preceded by a
coffee hour at 4:15 Wednesday
afternoon in Bowman Alumni
House.
California Attorney-General Ed
mund G. Brown will discuss "Key
Issues of the 195(> Election" Wed
nesday night at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium, Political Union Presi
dent Ernie Ilartz announced yes
terday.
Brown, California campaign
manage! for Democrat Adlai Ste
venson, has been mentioned as a
prominent possibility for the
Democratic Vice Presidential
nominat ion.
His talk will be preceded by a
coffee hour at 4:15 Wednesday
afternoon in Bowman Alumni
House.
California Attorney-General Ed
mund G. Brown will discuss "Key
Issues of the 195(> Election" Wed
nesday night at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium, Political Union Presi
dent Ernie Ilartz announced yes
terday.
Brown, California campaign
manage! for Democrat Adlai Ste
venson, has been mentioned as a
prominent possibility for the
Democratic Vice Presidential
nominat ion.
His talk will be preceded by a
coffee hour at 4:15 Wednesday
afternoon in Bowman Alumni
House.
California Attorney-General Ed
mund G. Brown will discuss "Key
Issues of the 195(> Election" Wed
nesday night at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium, Political Union Presi
dent Ernie Ilartz announced yes
terday.
Brown, California campaign
manage! for Democrat Adlai Ste
venson, has been mentioned as a
prominent possibility for the
Democratic Vice Presidential
nominat ion.
His talk will be preceded by a
coffee hour at 4:15 Wednesday
afternoon in Bowman Alumni
House.
