# "DAD" MOULTON IS SEEN ON THE CAMPUS AGAIN.
## Will Not Train Cardinal Athletes Until January.â€” Plans to Attend Game Tomorrow. 
### 
By means of fresh air drives to and
from the campus, and short walks,
Trainer "Dad" Moulton, who has never
before been off duty during his seven
years of training Cardinal athletes,
is gradually returning to health after
his long typhoid fever illness. "Dad"
will make his first public appearance
since early in November at the rugby
game tomorrow on Stanford Field. He
will not, take up his athletic training
work until January. Many friends ad
vised .him to keep out of the routine
until that. time. It is likely that the
track men will not suffer from lack of
training, since little can be done in
the first semester. "Dad" will be all
ready and in good vigor next spring to
build up a victorious team of cinder
and field athletes.
By means of fresh air drives to and
from the campus, and short walks,
Trainer "Dad" Moulton, who has never
before been off duty during his seven
years of training Cardinal athletes,
is gradually returning to health after
his long typhoid fever illness. "Dad"
will make his first public appearance
since early in November at the rugby
game tomorrow on Stanford Field. He
will not, take up his athletic training
work until January. Many friends ad
vised .him to keep out of the routine
until that. time. It is likely that the
track men will not suffer from lack of
training, since little can be done in
the first semester. "Dad" will be all
ready and in good vigor next spring to
build up a victorious team of cinder
and field athletes.
By means of fresh air drives to and
from the campus, and short walks,
Trainer "Dad" Moulton, who has never
before been off duty during his seven
years of training Cardinal athletes,
is gradually returning to health after
his long typhoid fever illness. "Dad"
will make his first public appearance
since early in November at the rugby
game tomorrow on Stanford Field. He
will not, take up his athletic training
work until January. Many friends ad
vised .him to keep out of the routine
until that. time. It is likely that the
track men will not suffer from lack of
training, since little can be done in
the first semester. "Dad" will be all
ready and in good vigor next spring to
build up a victorious team of cinder
and field athletes.
By means of fresh air drives to and
from the campus, and short walks,
Trainer "Dad" Moulton, who has never
before been off duty during his seven
years of training Cardinal athletes,
is gradually returning to health after
his long typhoid fever illness. "Dad"
will make his first public appearance
since early in November at the rugby
game tomorrow on Stanford Field. He
will not, take up his athletic training
work until January. Many friends ad
vised .him to keep out of the routine
until that. time. It is likely that the
track men will not suffer from lack of
training, since little can be done in
the first semester. "Dad" will be all
ready and in good vigor next spring to
build up a victorious team of cinder
and field athletes.
By means of fresh air drives to and
from the campus, and short walks,
Trainer "Dad" Moulton, who has never
before been off duty during his seven
years of training Cardinal athletes,
is gradually returning to health after
his long typhoid fever illness. "Dad"
will make his first public appearance
since early in November at the rugby
game tomorrow on Stanford Field. He
will not, take up his athletic training
work until January. Many friends ad
vised .him to keep out of the routine
until that. time. It is likely that the
track men will not suffer from lack of
training, since little can be done in
the first semester. "Dad" will be all
ready and in good vigor next spring to
build up a victorious team of cinder
and field athletes.
By means of fresh air drives to and
from the campus, and short walks,
Trainer "Dad" Moulton, who has never
before been off duty during his seven
years of training Cardinal athletes,
is gradually returning to health after
his long typhoid fever illness. "Dad"
will make his first public appearance
since early in November at the rugby
game tomorrow on Stanford Field. He
will not, take up his athletic training
work until January. Many friends ad
vised .him to keep out of the routine
until that. time. It is likely that the
track men will not suffer from lack of
training, since little can be done in
the first semester. "Dad" will be all
ready and in good vigor next spring to
build up a victorious team of cinder
and field athletes.
By means of fresh air drives to and
from the campus, and short walks,
Trainer "Dad" Moulton, who has never
before been off duty during his seven
years of training Cardinal athletes,
is gradually returning to health after
his long typhoid fever illness. "Dad"
will make his first public appearance
since early in November at the rugby
game tomorrow on Stanford Field. He
will not, take up his athletic training
work until January. Many friends ad
vised .him to keep out of the routine
until that. time. It is likely that the
track men will not suffer from lack of
training, since little can be done in
the first semester. "Dad" will be all
ready and in good vigor next spring to
build up a victorious team of cinder
and field athletes.
By means of fresh air drives to and
from the campus, and short walks,
Trainer "Dad" Moulton, who has never
before been off duty during his seven
years of training Cardinal athletes,
is gradually returning to health after
his long typhoid fever illness. "Dad"
will make his first public appearance
since early in November at the rugby
game tomorrow on Stanford Field. He
will not, take up his athletic training
work until January. Many friends ad
vised .him to keep out of the routine
until that. time. It is likely that the
track men will not suffer from lack of
training, since little can be done in
the first semester. "Dad" will be all
ready and in good vigor next spring to
build up a victorious team of cinder
and field athletes.
By means of fresh air drives to and
from the campus, and short walks,
Trainer "Dad" Moulton, who has never
before been off duty during his seven
years of training Cardinal athletes,
is gradually returning to health after
his long typhoid fever illness. "Dad"
will make his first public appearance
since early in November at the rugby
game tomorrow on Stanford Field. He
will not, take up his athletic training
work until January. Many friends ad
vised .him to keep out of the routine
until that. time. It is likely that the
track men will not suffer from lack of
training, since little can be done in
the first semester. "Dad" will be all
ready and in good vigor next spring to
build up a victorious team of cinder
and field athletes.
By means of fresh air drives to and
from the campus, and short walks,
Trainer "Dad" Moulton, who has never
before been off duty during his seven
years of training Cardinal athletes,
is gradually returning to health after
his long typhoid fever illness. "Dad"
will make his first public appearance
since early in November at the rugby
game tomorrow on Stanford Field. He
will not, take up his athletic training
work until January. Many friends ad
vised .him to keep out of the routine
until that. time. It is likely that the
track men will not suffer from lack of
training, since little can be done in
the first semester. "Dad" will be all
ready and in good vigor next spring to
build up a victorious team of cinder
and field athletes.
By means of fresh air drives to and
from the campus, and short walks,
Trainer "Dad" Moulton, who has never
before been off duty during his seven
years of training Cardinal athletes,
is gradually returning to health after
his long typhoid fever illness. "Dad"
will make his first public appearance
since early in November at the rugby
game tomorrow on Stanford Field. He
will not, take up his athletic training
work until January. Many friends ad
vised .him to keep out of the routine
until that. time. It is likely that the
track men will not suffer from lack of
training, since little can be done in
the first semester. "Dad" will be all
ready and in good vigor next spring to
build up a victorious team of cinder
and field athletes.
