# WILL GIVE LECTURE ON ASTRONOMICAL PHENOMENA.
## 
### 
Professor S. D. Townley of the de
partment of Mathematics, will give a
lecture illustrated by stereopticon
views in the lecture room of the Bot
any building at 7:30 Monday evening.
His lecture will deal with various as
tronomical phenomena and though it
is primarily intended for students of
astronomy, a cordial invitation is ex
tended to the University public to at
tend.
Professor S. D. Townley of the de
partment of Mathematics, will give a
lecture illustrated by stereopticon
views in the lecture room of the Bot
any building at 7:30 Monday evening.
His lecture will deal with various as
tronomical phenomena and though it
is primarily intended for students of
astronomy, a cordial invitation is ex
tended to the University public to at
tend.
Professor S. D. Townley of the de
partment of Mathematics, will give a
lecture illustrated by stereopticon
views in the lecture room of the Bot
any building at 7:30 Monday evening.
His lecture will deal with various as
tronomical phenomena and though it
is primarily intended for students of
astronomy, a cordial invitation is ex
tended to the University public to at
tend.
Professor S. D. Townley of the de
partment of Mathematics, will give a
lecture illustrated by stereopticon
views in the lecture room of the Bot
any building at 7:30 Monday evening.
His lecture will deal with various as
tronomical phenomena and though it
is primarily intended for students of
astronomy, a cordial invitation is ex
tended to the University public to at
tend.
Professor S. D. Townley of the de
partment of Mathematics, will give a
lecture illustrated by stereopticon
views in the lecture room of the Bot
any building at 7:30 Monday evening.
His lecture will deal with various as
tronomical phenomena and though it
is primarily intended for students of
astronomy, a cordial invitation is ex
tended to the University public to at
tend.
Professor S. D. Townley of the de
partment of Mathematics, will give a
lecture illustrated by stereopticon
views in the lecture room of the Bot
any building at 7:30 Monday evening.
His lecture will deal with various as
tronomical phenomena and though it
is primarily intended for students of
astronomy, a cordial invitation is ex
tended to the University public to at
tend.
Professor S. D. Townley of the de
partment of Mathematics, will give a
lecture illustrated by stereopticon
views in the lecture room of the Bot
any building at 7:30 Monday evening.
His lecture will deal with various as
tronomical phenomena and though it
is primarily intended for students of
astronomy, a cordial invitation is ex
tended to the University public to at
tend.
Professor S. D. Townley of the de
partment of Mathematics, will give a
lecture illustrated by stereopticon
views in the lecture room of the Bot
any building at 7:30 Monday evening.
His lecture will deal with various as
tronomical phenomena and though it
is primarily intended for students of
astronomy, a cordial invitation is ex
tended to the University public to at
tend.
Professor S. D. Townley of the de
partment of Mathematics, will give a
lecture illustrated by stereopticon
views in the lecture room of the Bot
any building at 7:30 Monday evening.
His lecture will deal with various as
tronomical phenomena and though it
is primarily intended for students of
astronomy, a cordial invitation is ex
tended to the University public to at
tend.
Professor S. D. Townley of the de
partment of Mathematics, will give a
lecture illustrated by stereopticon
views in the lecture room of the Bot
any building at 7:30 Monday evening.
His lecture will deal with various as
tronomical phenomena and though it
is primarily intended for students of
astronomy, a cordial invitation is ex
tended to the University public to at
tend.
Professor S. D. Townley of the de
partment of Mathematics, will give a
lecture illustrated by stereopticon
views in the lecture room of the Bot
any building at 7:30 Monday evening.
His lecture will deal with various as
tronomical phenomena and though it
is primarily intended for students of
astronomy, a cordial invitation is ex
tended to the University public to at
tend.
