# IRWIN AGAIN ACHIEVES PROMINENCE IN LITERATURE.
## Stanford Alumnus Publishes Novel Entitled "The Readjustment." A Story of San Francisco. 
### 
The name of Will Irwin, '99, has
again burst into prominence in the
literary world. This' time, the Stan
lord alumnus has achieved recognition
by the production of a novel, entitled
"The Readjustment," which deals in
timately with life in old San Francisco,
"The City that Was."
Irwin knew his San Francisco of the
days before the earthquake and fire
intimately, and shortly after the cat
astroph.v wrote "The City that Was," :i
brilliant and touching word picture of
his old, familiar haunts. Apparently
from Ihe criticisms of his latest pro
duct, Irwin has used this background
for his new work, weaving into the
vari-colored life of the old city, a
cleverly constructed romance dealing
with the readjustment of the affections
of a man, who although lacking in the
finer qualities, is yet fascinating by
his personality.
According to the reviewers, the
character delineation is striking, the
individuality of each person being well
portrayed, while the whole situation
confronting the central figures of the
story is delicately and cleverly han
dled.
During his college career, Irwin at
tained great prominence, both as a
literary light and humorist. He was
editor of the Sequoia, and di
rected the issue of the 1899 Quad.
Since leaving college, Irwin has figur
ed prominently in newspaper and mag
azine circles and now is a special
writer and investigator for one of the
most important periodicals of the
country.
The name of Will Irwin, '99, has
again burst into prominence in the
literary world. This' time, the Stan
lord alumnus has achieved recognition
by the production of a novel, entitled
"The Readjustment," which deals in
timately with life in old San Francisco,
"The City that Was."
Irwin knew his San Francisco of the
days before the earthquake and fire
intimately, and shortly after the cat
astroph.v wrote "The City that Was," :i
brilliant and touching word picture of
his old, familiar haunts. Apparently
from Ihe criticisms of his latest pro
duct, Irwin has used this background
for his new work, weaving into the
vari-colored life of the old city, a
cleverly constructed romance dealing
with the readjustment of the affections
of a man, who although lacking in the
finer qualities, is yet fascinating by
his personality.
According to the reviewers, the
character delineation is striking, the
individuality of each person being well
portrayed, while the whole situation
confronting the central figures of the
story is delicately and cleverly han
dled.
During his college career, Irwin at
tained great prominence, both as a
literary light and humorist. He was
editor of the Sequoia, and di
rected the issue of the 1899 Quad.
Since leaving college, Irwin has figur
ed prominently in newspaper and mag
azine circles and now is a special
writer and investigator for one of the
most important periodicals of the
country.
The name of Will Irwin, '99, has
again burst into prominence in the
literary world. This' time, the Stan
lord alumnus has achieved recognition
by the production of a novel, entitled
"The Readjustment," which deals in
timately with life in old San Francisco,
"The City that Was."
Irwin knew his San Francisco of the
days before the earthquake and fire
intimately, and shortly after the cat
astroph.v wrote "The City that Was," :i
brilliant and touching word picture of
his old, familiar haunts. Apparently
from Ihe criticisms of his latest pro
duct, Irwin has used this background
for his new work, weaving into the
vari-colored life of the old city, a
cleverly constructed romance dealing
with the readjustment of the affections
of a man, who although lacking in the
finer qualities, is yet fascinating by
his personality.
According to the reviewers, the
character delineation is striking, the
individuality of each person being well
portrayed, while the whole situation
confronting the central figures of the
story is delicately and cleverly han
dled.
During his college career, Irwin at
tained great prominence, both as a
literary light and humorist. He was
editor of the Sequoia, and di
rected the issue of the 1899 Quad.
Since leaving college, Irwin has figur
ed prominently in newspaper and mag
azine circles and now is a special
writer and investigator for one of the
most important periodicals of the
country.
The name of Will Irwin, '99, has
again burst into prominence in the
literary world. This' time, the Stan
lord alumnus has achieved recognition
by the production of a novel, entitled
"The Readjustment," which deals in
timately with life in old San Francisco,
"The City that Was."
Irwin knew his San Francisco of the
days before the earthquake and fire
intimately, and shortly after the cat
astroph.v wrote "The City that Was," :i
brilliant and touching word picture of
his old, familiar haunts. Apparently
from Ihe criticisms of his latest pro
duct, Irwin has used this background
for his new work, weaving into the
vari-colored life of the old city, a
cleverly constructed romance dealing
with the readjustment of the affections
of a man, who although lacking in the
finer qualities, is yet fascinating by
his personality.
According to the reviewers, the
character delineation is striking, the
individuality of each person being well
portrayed, while the whole situation
confronting the central figures of the
story is delicately and cleverly han
dled.
During his college career, Irwin at
tained great prominence, both as a
literary light and humorist. He was
editor of the Sequoia, and di
rected the issue of the 1899 Quad.
Since leaving college, Irwin has figur
ed prominently in newspaper and mag
azine circles and now is a special
writer and investigator for one of the
most important periodicals of the
country.
The name of Will Irwin, '99, has
again burst into prominence in the
literary world. This' time, the Stan
lord alumnus has achieved recognition
by the production of a novel, entitled
"The Readjustment," which deals in
timately with life in old San Francisco,
"The City that Was."
Irwin knew his San Francisco of the
days before the earthquake and fire
intimately, and shortly after the cat
astroph.v wrote "The City that Was," :i
brilliant and touching word picture of
his old, familiar haunts. Apparently
from Ihe criticisms of his latest pro
duct, Irwin has used this background
for his new work, weaving into the
vari-colored life of the old city, a
cleverly constructed romance dealing
with the readjustment of the affections
of a man, who although lacking in the
finer qualities, is yet fascinating by
his personality.
According to the reviewers, the
character delineation is striking, the
individuality of each person being well
portrayed, while the whole situation
confronting the central figures of the
story is delicately and cleverly han
dled.
During his college career, Irwin at
tained great prominence, both as a
literary light and humorist. He was
editor of the Sequoia, and di
rected the issue of the 1899 Quad.
Since leaving college, Irwin has figur
ed prominently in newspaper and mag
azine circles and now is a special
writer and investigator for one of the
most important periodicals of the
country.
The name of Will Irwin, '99, has
again burst into prominence in the
literary world. This' time, the Stan
lord alumnus has achieved recognition
by the production of a novel, entitled
"The Readjustment," which deals in
timately with life in old San Francisco,
"The City that Was."
Irwin knew his San Francisco of the
days before the earthquake and fire
intimately, and shortly after the cat
astroph.v wrote "The City that Was," :i
brilliant and touching word picture of
his old, familiar haunts. Apparently
from Ihe criticisms of his latest pro
duct, Irwin has used this background
for his new work, weaving into the
vari-colored life of the old city, a
cleverly constructed romance dealing
with the readjustment of the affections
of a man, who although lacking in the
finer qualities, is yet fascinating by
his personality.
According to the reviewers, the
character delineation is striking, the
individuality of each person being well
portrayed, while the whole situation
confronting the central figures of the
story is delicately and cleverly han
dled.
During his college career, Irwin at
tained great prominence, both as a
literary light and humorist. He was
editor of the Sequoia, and di
rected the issue of the 1899 Quad.
Since leaving college, Irwin has figur
ed prominently in newspaper and mag
azine circles and now is a special
writer and investigator for one of the
most important periodicals of the
country.
The name of Will Irwin, '99, has
again burst into prominence in the
literary world. This' time, the Stan
lord alumnus has achieved recognition
by the production of a novel, entitled
"The Readjustment," which deals in
timately with life in old San Francisco,
"The City that Was."
Irwin knew his San Francisco of the
days before the earthquake and fire
intimately, and shortly after the cat
astroph.v wrote "The City that Was," :i
brilliant and touching word picture of
his old, familiar haunts. Apparently
from Ihe criticisms of his latest pro
duct, Irwin has used this background
for his new work, weaving into the
vari-colored life of the old city, a
cleverly constructed romance dealing
with the readjustment of the affections
of a man, who although lacking in the
finer qualities, is yet fascinating by
his personality.
According to the reviewers, the
character delineation is striking, the
individuality of each person being well
portrayed, while the whole situation
confronting the central figures of the
story is delicately and cleverly han
dled.
During his college career, Irwin at
tained great prominence, both as a
literary light and humorist. He was
editor of the Sequoia, and di
rected the issue of the 1899 Quad.
Since leaving college, Irwin has figur
ed prominently in newspaper and mag
azine circles and now is a special
writer and investigator for one of the
most important periodicals of the
country.
The name of Will Irwin, '99, has
again burst into prominence in the
literary world. This' time, the Stan
lord alumnus has achieved recognition
by the production of a novel, entitled
"The Readjustment," which deals in
timately with life in old San Francisco,
"The City that Was."
Irwin knew his San Francisco of the
days before the earthquake and fire
intimately, and shortly after the cat
astroph.v wrote "The City that Was," :i
brilliant and touching word picture of
his old, familiar haunts. Apparently
from Ihe criticisms of his latest pro
duct, Irwin has used this background
for his new work, weaving into the
vari-colored life of the old city, a
cleverly constructed romance dealing
with the readjustment of the affections
of a man, who although lacking in the
finer qualities, is yet fascinating by
his personality.
According to the reviewers, the
character delineation is striking, the
individuality of each person being well
portrayed, while the whole situation
confronting the central figures of the
story is delicately and cleverly han
dled.
During his college career, Irwin at
tained great prominence, both as a
literary light and humorist. He was
editor of the Sequoia, and di
rected the issue of the 1899 Quad.
Since leaving college, Irwin has figur
ed prominently in newspaper and mag
azine circles and now is a special
writer and investigator for one of the
most important periodicals of the
country.
The name of Will Irwin, '99, has
again burst into prominence in the
literary world. This' time, the Stan
lord alumnus has achieved recognition
by the production of a novel, entitled
"The Readjustment," which deals in
timately with life in old San Francisco,
"The City that Was."
Irwin knew his San Francisco of the
days before the earthquake and fire
intimately, and shortly after the cat
astroph.v wrote "The City that Was," :i
brilliant and touching word picture of
his old, familiar haunts. Apparently
from Ihe criticisms of his latest pro
duct, Irwin has used this background
for his new work, weaving into the
vari-colored life of the old city, a
cleverly constructed romance dealing
with the readjustment of the affections
of a man, who although lacking in the
finer qualities, is yet fascinating by
his personality.
According to the reviewers, the
character delineation is striking, the
individuality of each person being well
portrayed, while the whole situation
confronting the central figures of the
story is delicately and cleverly han
dled.
During his college career, Irwin at
tained great prominence, both as a
literary light and humorist. He was
editor of the Sequoia, and di
rected the issue of the 1899 Quad.
Since leaving college, Irwin has figur
ed prominently in newspaper and mag
azine circles and now is a special
writer and investigator for one of the
most important periodicals of the
country.
The name of Will Irwin, '99, has
again burst into prominence in the
literary world. This' time, the Stan
lord alumnus has achieved recognition
by the production of a novel, entitled
"The Readjustment," which deals in
timately with life in old San Francisco,
"The City that Was."
Irwin knew his San Francisco of the
days before the earthquake and fire
intimately, and shortly after the cat
astroph.v wrote "The City that Was," :i
brilliant and touching word picture of
his old, familiar haunts. Apparently
from Ihe criticisms of his latest pro
duct, Irwin has used this background
for his new work, weaving into the
vari-colored life of the old city, a
cleverly constructed romance dealing
with the readjustment of the affections
of a man, who although lacking in the
finer qualities, is yet fascinating by
his personality.
According to the reviewers, the
character delineation is striking, the
individuality of each person being well
portrayed, while the whole situation
confronting the central figures of the
story is delicately and cleverly han
dled.
During his college career, Irwin at
tained great prominence, both as a
literary light and humorist. He was
editor of the Sequoia, and di
rected the issue of the 1899 Quad.
Since leaving college, Irwin has figur
ed prominently in newspaper and mag
azine circles and now is a special
writer and investigator for one of the
most important periodicals of the
country.
The name of Will Irwin, '99, has
again burst into prominence in the
literary world. This' time, the Stan
lord alumnus has achieved recognition
by the production of a novel, entitled
"The Readjustment," which deals in
timately with life in old San Francisco,
"The City that Was."
Irwin knew his San Francisco of the
days before the earthquake and fire
intimately, and shortly after the cat
astroph.v wrote "The City that Was," :i
brilliant and touching word picture of
his old, familiar haunts. Apparently
from Ihe criticisms of his latest pro
duct, Irwin has used this background
for his new work, weaving into the
vari-colored life of the old city, a
cleverly constructed romance dealing
with the readjustment of the affections
of a man, who although lacking in the
finer qualities, is yet fascinating by
his personality.
According to the reviewers, the
character delineation is striking, the
individuality of each person being well
portrayed, while the whole situation
confronting the central figures of the
story is delicately and cleverly han
dled.
During his college career, Irwin at
tained great prominence, both as a
literary light and humorist. He was
editor of the Sequoia, and di
rected the issue of the 1899 Quad.
Since leaving college, Irwin has figur
ed prominently in newspaper and mag
azine circles and now is a special
writer and investigator for one of the
most important periodicals of the
country.
