# EDITORS SHOW INGENUITY
## 
### 
Two editors of the "Chicago Daily
Maroon," touring England this sum
mer, gained admittance to the House
of Commons by convincing the guard
that they had come especially to re
port the session for their university
paper.
Two editors of the "Chicago Daily
Maroon," touring England this sum
mer, gained admittance to the House
of Commons by convincing the guard
that they had come especially to re
port the session for their university
paper.
Two editors of the "Chicago Daily
Maroon," touring England this sum
mer, gained admittance to the House
of Commons by convincing the guard
that they had come especially to re
port the session for their university
paper.
Two editors of the "Chicago Daily
Maroon," touring England this sum
mer, gained admittance to the House
of Commons by convincing the guard
that they had come especially to re
port the session for their university
paper.
Two editors of the "Chicago Daily
Maroon," touring England this sum
mer, gained admittance to the House
of Commons by convincing the guard
that they had come especially to re
port the session for their university
paper.
Two editors of the "Chicago Daily
Maroon," touring England this sum
mer, gained admittance to the House
of Commons by convincing the guard
that they had come especially to re
port the session for their university
paper.
Two editors of the "Chicago Daily
Maroon," touring England this sum
mer, gained admittance to the House
of Commons by convincing the guard
that they had come especially to re
port the session for their university
paper.
Two editors of the "Chicago Daily
Maroon," touring England this sum
mer, gained admittance to the House
of Commons by convincing the guard
that they had come especially to re
port the session for their university
paper.
Two editors of the "Chicago Daily
Maroon," touring England this sum
mer, gained admittance to the House
of Commons by convincing the guard
that they had come especially to re
port the session for their university
paper.
Two editors of the "Chicago Daily
Maroon," touring England this sum
mer, gained admittance to the House
of Commons by convincing the guard
that they had come especially to re
port the session for their university
paper.
Two editors of the "Chicago Daily
Maroon," touring England this sum
mer, gained admittance to the House
of Commons by convincing the guard
that they had come especially to re
port the session for their university
paper.
Two editors of the "Chicago Daily
Maroon," touring England this sum
mer, gained admittance to the House
of Commons by convincing the guard
that they had come especially to re
port the session for their university
paper.
Two editors of the "Chicago Daily
Maroon," touring England this sum
mer, gained admittance to the House
of Commons by convincing the guard
that they had come especially to re
port the session for their university
paper.
Two editors of the "Chicago Daily
Maroon," touring England this sum
mer, gained admittance to the House
of Commons by convincing the guard
that they had come especially to re
port the session for their university
paper.
