# Armour Vacates Position as Chairman of Men's Council
## 
### 
Merrill Armour, '26, chairman of the
Men's Council, having been forced to
leave college for the rest of the quar
ter on account of illness, a new chair
man will be chosen tonight at the
meeting of the Council. Armour, who
was an outstanding guard on the 1925
football varsity, was elected to the
Council last year and appointed chair
taan at the start of this quarter.
Merrill Armour, '26, chairman of the
Men's Council, having been forced to
leave college for the rest of the quar
ter on account of illness, a new chair
man will be chosen tonight at the
meeting of the Council. Armour, who
was an outstanding guard on the 1925
football varsity, was elected to the
Council last year and appointed chair
taan at the start of this quarter.
Merrill Armour, '26, chairman of the
Men's Council, having been forced to
leave college for the rest of the quar
ter on account of illness, a new chair
man will be chosen tonight at the
meeting of the Council. Armour, who
was an outstanding guard on the 1925
football varsity, was elected to the
Council last year and appointed chair
taan at the start of this quarter.
Merrill Armour, '26, chairman of the
Men's Council, having been forced to
leave college for the rest of the quar
ter on account of illness, a new chair
man will be chosen tonight at the
meeting of the Council. Armour, who
was an outstanding guard on the 1925
football varsity, was elected to the
Council last year and appointed chair
taan at the start of this quarter.
Merrill Armour, '26, chairman of the
Men's Council, having been forced to
leave college for the rest of the quar
ter on account of illness, a new chair
man will be chosen tonight at the
meeting of the Council. Armour, who
was an outstanding guard on the 1925
football varsity, was elected to the
Council last year and appointed chair
taan at the start of this quarter.
Merrill Armour, '26, chairman of the
Men's Council, having been forced to
leave college for the rest of the quar
ter on account of illness, a new chair
man will be chosen tonight at the
meeting of the Council. Armour, who
was an outstanding guard on the 1925
football varsity, was elected to the
Council last year and appointed chair
taan at the start of this quarter.
Merrill Armour, '26, chairman of the
Men's Council, having been forced to
leave college for the rest of the quar
ter on account of illness, a new chair
man will be chosen tonight at the
meeting of the Council. Armour, who
was an outstanding guard on the 1925
football varsity, was elected to the
Council last year and appointed chair
taan at the start of this quarter.
Merrill Armour, '26, chairman of the
Men's Council, having been forced to
leave college for the rest of the quar
ter on account of illness, a new chair
man will be chosen tonight at the
meeting of the Council. Armour, who
was an outstanding guard on the 1925
football varsity, was elected to the
Council last year and appointed chair
taan at the start of this quarter.
Merrill Armour, '26, chairman of the
Men's Council, having been forced to
leave college for the rest of the quar
ter on account of illness, a new chair
man will be chosen tonight at the
meeting of the Council. Armour, who
was an outstanding guard on the 1925
football varsity, was elected to the
Council last year and appointed chair
taan at the start of this quarter.
Merrill Armour, '26, chairman of the
Men's Council, having been forced to
leave college for the rest of the quar
ter on account of illness, a new chair
man will be chosen tonight at the
meeting of the Council. Armour, who
was an outstanding guard on the 1925
football varsity, was elected to the
Council last year and appointed chair
taan at the start of this quarter.
Merrill Armour, '26, chairman of the
Men's Council, having been forced to
leave college for the rest of the quar
ter on account of illness, a new chair
man will be chosen tonight at the
meeting of the Council. Armour, who
was an outstanding guard on the 1925
football varsity, was elected to the
Council last year and appointed chair
taan at the start of this quarter.
Merrill Armour, '26, chairman of the
Men's Council, having been forced to
leave college for the rest of the quar
ter on account of illness, a new chair
man will be chosen tonight at the
meeting of the Council. Armour, who
was an outstanding guard on the 1925
football varsity, was elected to the
Council last year and appointed chair
taan at the start of this quarter.
Merrill Armour, '26, chairman of the
Men's Council, having been forced to
leave college for the rest of the quar
ter on account of illness, a new chair
man will be chosen tonight at the
meeting of the Council. Armour, who
was an outstanding guard on the 1925
football varsity, was elected to the
Council last year and appointed chair
taan at the start of this quarter.
Merrill Armour, '26, chairman of the
Men's Council, having been forced to
leave college for the rest of the quar
ter on account of illness, a new chair
man will be chosen tonight at the
meeting of the Council. Armour, who
was an outstanding guard on the 1925
football varsity, was elected to the
Council last year and appointed chair
taan at the start of this quarter.
