# Bookstore Rebate Slips Due Friday
## 
### 
The manager of the Stanford
Bookstore yesterday reported that
only 1000 of the 4500 profit-sharing
envelopes distributed by the Book
store have been returned so far.
The volume of returns, however,
stands, considerably ahead of that
for last year.
The deadline for turning in rebate
slips, which must be signed by the
purchaser and enclosed in these
profit-sharing envelopes, is tomor
row, May 15. No slips can lie ac
cepted under any conditions after
tomorrow.
All profits not returned to the stu
dents by the 8 per cent rebate will
be turned over to the University in
the form of gifts to scholarship and
student aid funds. The refunds will
be made on June 1.
Students leaving the University
may deposit the profit sharing enve
lope with the Bookstore and checks
will be mailed to them if sclf-ad
dressed, stamped envelopes arc left,
for that purpose.
The manager of the Stanford
Bookstore yesterday reported that
only 1000 of the 4500 profit-sharing
envelopes distributed by the Book
store have been returned so far.
The volume of returns, however,
stands, considerably ahead of that
for last year.
The deadline for turning in rebate
slips, which must be signed by the
purchaser and enclosed in these
profit-sharing envelopes, is tomor
row, May 15. No slips can lie ac
cepted under any conditions after
tomorrow.
All profits not returned to the stu
dents by the 8 per cent rebate will
be turned over to the University in
the form of gifts to scholarship and
student aid funds. The refunds will
be made on June 1.
Students leaving the University
may deposit the profit sharing enve
lope with the Bookstore and checks
will be mailed to them if sclf-ad
dressed, stamped envelopes arc left,
for that purpose.
The manager of the Stanford
Bookstore yesterday reported that
only 1000 of the 4500 profit-sharing
envelopes distributed by the Book
store have been returned so far.
The volume of returns, however,
stands, considerably ahead of that
for last year.
The deadline for turning in rebate
slips, which must be signed by the
purchaser and enclosed in these
profit-sharing envelopes, is tomor
row, May 15. No slips can lie ac
cepted under any conditions after
tomorrow.
All profits not returned to the stu
dents by the 8 per cent rebate will
be turned over to the University in
the form of gifts to scholarship and
student aid funds. The refunds will
be made on June 1.
Students leaving the University
may deposit the profit sharing enve
lope with the Bookstore and checks
will be mailed to them if sclf-ad
dressed, stamped envelopes arc left,
for that purpose.
The manager of the Stanford
Bookstore yesterday reported that
only 1000 of the 4500 profit-sharing
envelopes distributed by the Book
store have been returned so far.
The volume of returns, however,
stands, considerably ahead of that
for last year.
The deadline for turning in rebate
slips, which must be signed by the
purchaser and enclosed in these
profit-sharing envelopes, is tomor
row, May 15. No slips can lie ac
cepted under any conditions after
tomorrow.
All profits not returned to the stu
dents by the 8 per cent rebate will
be turned over to the University in
the form of gifts to scholarship and
student aid funds. The refunds will
be made on June 1.
Students leaving the University
may deposit the profit sharing enve
lope with the Bookstore and checks
will be mailed to them if sclf-ad
dressed, stamped envelopes arc left,
for that purpose.
The manager of the Stanford
Bookstore yesterday reported that
only 1000 of the 4500 profit-sharing
envelopes distributed by the Book
store have been returned so far.
The volume of returns, however,
stands, considerably ahead of that
for last year.
The deadline for turning in rebate
slips, which must be signed by the
purchaser and enclosed in these
profit-sharing envelopes, is tomor
row, May 15. No slips can lie ac
cepted under any conditions after
tomorrow.
All profits not returned to the stu
dents by the 8 per cent rebate will
be turned over to the University in
the form of gifts to scholarship and
student aid funds. The refunds will
be made on June 1.
Students leaving the University
may deposit the profit sharing enve
lope with the Bookstore and checks
will be mailed to them if sclf-ad
dressed, stamped envelopes arc left,
for that purpose.
The manager of the Stanford
Bookstore yesterday reported that
only 1000 of the 4500 profit-sharing
envelopes distributed by the Book
store have been returned so far.
The volume of returns, however,
stands, considerably ahead of that
for last year.
The deadline for turning in rebate
slips, which must be signed by the
purchaser and enclosed in these
profit-sharing envelopes, is tomor
row, May 15. No slips can lie ac
cepted under any conditions after
tomorrow.
All profits not returned to the stu
dents by the 8 per cent rebate will
be turned over to the University in
the form of gifts to scholarship and
student aid funds. The refunds will
be made on June 1.
Students leaving the University
may deposit the profit sharing enve
lope with the Bookstore and checks
will be mailed to them if sclf-ad
dressed, stamped envelopes arc left,
for that purpose.
The manager of the Stanford
Bookstore yesterday reported that
only 1000 of the 4500 profit-sharing
envelopes distributed by the Book
store have been returned so far.
The volume of returns, however,
stands, considerably ahead of that
for last year.
The deadline for turning in rebate
slips, which must be signed by the
purchaser and enclosed in these
profit-sharing envelopes, is tomor
row, May 15. No slips can lie ac
cepted under any conditions after
tomorrow.
All profits not returned to the stu
dents by the 8 per cent rebate will
be turned over to the University in
the form of gifts to scholarship and
student aid funds. The refunds will
be made on June 1.
Students leaving the University
may deposit the profit sharing enve
lope with the Bookstore and checks
will be mailed to them if sclf-ad
dressed, stamped envelopes arc left,
for that purpose.
The manager of the Stanford
Bookstore yesterday reported that
only 1000 of the 4500 profit-sharing
envelopes distributed by the Book
store have been returned so far.
The volume of returns, however,
stands, considerably ahead of that
for last year.
The deadline for turning in rebate
slips, which must be signed by the
purchaser and enclosed in these
profit-sharing envelopes, is tomor
row, May 15. No slips can lie ac
cepted under any conditions after
tomorrow.
All profits not returned to the stu
dents by the 8 per cent rebate will
be turned over to the University in
the form of gifts to scholarship and
student aid funds. The refunds will
be made on June 1.
Students leaving the University
may deposit the profit sharing enve
lope with the Bookstore and checks
will be mailed to them if sclf-ad
dressed, stamped envelopes arc left,
for that purpose.
The manager of the Stanford
Bookstore yesterday reported that
only 1000 of the 4500 profit-sharing
envelopes distributed by the Book
store have been returned so far.
The volume of returns, however,
stands, considerably ahead of that
for last year.
The deadline for turning in rebate
slips, which must be signed by the
purchaser and enclosed in these
profit-sharing envelopes, is tomor
row, May 15. No slips can lie ac
cepted under any conditions after
tomorrow.
All profits not returned to the stu
dents by the 8 per cent rebate will
be turned over to the University in
the form of gifts to scholarship and
student aid funds. The refunds will
be made on June 1.
Students leaving the University
may deposit the profit sharing enve
lope with the Bookstore and checks
will be mailed to them if sclf-ad
dressed, stamped envelopes arc left,
for that purpose.
The manager of the Stanford
Bookstore yesterday reported that
only 1000 of the 4500 profit-sharing
envelopes distributed by the Book
store have been returned so far.
The volume of returns, however,
stands, considerably ahead of that
for last year.
The deadline for turning in rebate
slips, which must be signed by the
purchaser and enclosed in these
profit-sharing envelopes, is tomor
row, May 15. No slips can lie ac
cepted under any conditions after
tomorrow.
All profits not returned to the stu
dents by the 8 per cent rebate will
be turned over to the University in
the form of gifts to scholarship and
student aid funds. The refunds will
be made on June 1.
Students leaving the University
may deposit the profit sharing enve
lope with the Bookstore and checks
will be mailed to them if sclf-ad
dressed, stamped envelopes arc left,
for that purpose.
The manager of the Stanford
Bookstore yesterday reported that
only 1000 of the 4500 profit-sharing
envelopes distributed by the Book
store have been returned so far.
The volume of returns, however,
stands, considerably ahead of that
for last year.
The deadline for turning in rebate
slips, which must be signed by the
purchaser and enclosed in these
profit-sharing envelopes, is tomor
row, May 15. No slips can lie ac
cepted under any conditions after
tomorrow.
All profits not returned to the stu
dents by the 8 per cent rebate will
be turned over to the University in
the form of gifts to scholarship and
student aid funds. The refunds will
be made on June 1.
Students leaving the University
may deposit the profit sharing enve
lope with the Bookstore and checks
will be mailed to them if sclf-ad
dressed, stamped envelopes arc left,
for that purpose.
The manager of the Stanford
Bookstore yesterday reported that
only 1000 of the 4500 profit-sharing
envelopes distributed by the Book
store have been returned so far.
The volume of returns, however,
stands, considerably ahead of that
for last year.
The deadline for turning in rebate
slips, which must be signed by the
purchaser and enclosed in these
profit-sharing envelopes, is tomor
row, May 15. No slips can lie ac
cepted under any conditions after
tomorrow.
All profits not returned to the stu
dents by the 8 per cent rebate will
be turned over to the University in
the form of gifts to scholarship and
student aid funds. The refunds will
be made on June 1.
Students leaving the University
may deposit the profit sharing enve
lope with the Bookstore and checks
will be mailed to them if sclf-ad
dressed, stamped envelopes arc left,
for that purpose.
The manager of the Stanford
Bookstore yesterday reported that
only 1000 of the 4500 profit-sharing
envelopes distributed by the Book
store have been returned so far.
The volume of returns, however,
stands, considerably ahead of that
for last year.
The deadline for turning in rebate
slips, which must be signed by the
purchaser and enclosed in these
profit-sharing envelopes, is tomor
row, May 15. No slips can lie ac
cepted under any conditions after
tomorrow.
All profits not returned to the stu
dents by the 8 per cent rebate will
be turned over to the University in
the form of gifts to scholarship and
student aid funds. The refunds will
be made on June 1.
Students leaving the University
may deposit the profit sharing enve
lope with the Bookstore and checks
will be mailed to them if sclf-ad
dressed, stamped envelopes arc left,
for that purpose.
The manager of the Stanford
Bookstore yesterday reported that
only 1000 of the 4500 profit-sharing
envelopes distributed by the Book
store have been returned so far.
The volume of returns, however,
stands, considerably ahead of that
for last year.
The deadline for turning in rebate
slips, which must be signed by the
purchaser and enclosed in these
profit-sharing envelopes, is tomor
row, May 15. No slips can lie ac
cepted under any conditions after
tomorrow.
All profits not returned to the stu
dents by the 8 per cent rebate will
be turned over to the University in
the form of gifts to scholarship and
student aid funds. The refunds will
be made on June 1.
Students leaving the University
may deposit the profit sharing enve
lope with the Bookstore and checks
will be mailed to them if sclf-ad
dressed, stamped envelopes arc left,
for that purpose.
The manager of the Stanford
Bookstore yesterday reported that
only 1000 of the 4500 profit-sharing
envelopes distributed by the Book
store have been returned so far.
The volume of returns, however,
stands, considerably ahead of that
for last year.
The deadline for turning in rebate
slips, which must be signed by the
purchaser and enclosed in these
profit-sharing envelopes, is tomor
row, May 15. No slips can lie ac
cepted under any conditions after
tomorrow.
All profits not returned to the stu
dents by the 8 per cent rebate will
be turned over to the University in
the form of gifts to scholarship and
student aid funds. The refunds will
be made on June 1.
Students leaving the University
may deposit the profit sharing enve
lope with the Bookstore and checks
will be mailed to them if sclf-ad
dressed, stamped envelopes arc left,
for that purpose.
The manager of the Stanford
Bookstore yesterday reported that
only 1000 of the 4500 profit-sharing
envelopes distributed by the Book
store have been returned so far.
The volume of returns, however,
stands, considerably ahead of that
for last year.
The deadline for turning in rebate
slips, which must be signed by the
purchaser and enclosed in these
profit-sharing envelopes, is tomor
row, May 15. No slips can lie ac
cepted under any conditions after
tomorrow.
All profits not returned to the stu
dents by the 8 per cent rebate will
be turned over to the University in
the form of gifts to scholarship and
student aid funds. The refunds will
be made on June 1.
Students leaving the University
may deposit the profit sharing enve
lope with the Bookstore and checks
will be mailed to them if sclf-ad
dressed, stamped envelopes arc left,
for that purpose.
The manager of the Stanford
Bookstore yesterday reported that
only 1000 of the 4500 profit-sharing
envelopes distributed by the Book
store have been returned so far.
The volume of returns, however,
stands, considerably ahead of that
for last year.
The deadline for turning in rebate
slips, which must be signed by the
purchaser and enclosed in these
profit-sharing envelopes, is tomor
row, May 15. No slips can lie ac
cepted under any conditions after
tomorrow.
All profits not returned to the stu
dents by the 8 per cent rebate will
be turned over to the University in
the form of gifts to scholarship and
student aid funds. The refunds will
be made on June 1.
Students leaving the University
may deposit the profit sharing enve
lope with the Bookstore and checks
will be mailed to them if sclf-ad
dressed, stamped envelopes arc left,
for that purpose.
The manager of the Stanford
Bookstore yesterday reported that
only 1000 of the 4500 profit-sharing
envelopes distributed by the Book
store have been returned so far.
The volume of returns, however,
stands, considerably ahead of that
for last year.
The deadline for turning in rebate
slips, which must be signed by the
purchaser and enclosed in these
profit-sharing envelopes, is tomor
row, May 15. No slips can lie ac
cepted under any conditions after
tomorrow.
All profits not returned to the stu
dents by the 8 per cent rebate will
be turned over to the University in
the form of gifts to scholarship and
student aid funds. The refunds will
be made on June 1.
Students leaving the University
may deposit the profit sharing enve
lope with the Bookstore and checks
will be mailed to them if sclf-ad
dressed, stamped envelopes arc left,
for that purpose.
