# Three Cargo Ships Sunk by Axis Subs
## 
### United Press 
The U. S. Navy revealed Wednes
day (hat three United Nations mer
chantmen have been sunk by Axis
submarines —one off Africa, one in
the Gulf of Mexico and one within
sight of an Atlantic Coast town —
while the Canadian government
disclosed that two vessels have been
torpedoed in the St. Lawrence River
instead of one announced previously.
The U. S. Navy revealed Wednes
day (hat three United Nations mer
chantmen have been sunk by Axis
submarines —one off Africa, one in
the Gulf of Mexico and one within
sight of an Atlantic Coast town —
while the Canadian government
disclosed that two vessels have been
torpedoed in the St. Lawrence River
instead of one announced previously.
The U. S. Navy revealed Wednes
day (hat three United Nations mer
chantmen have been sunk by Axis
submarines —one off Africa, one in
the Gulf of Mexico and one within
sight of an Atlantic Coast town —
while the Canadian government
disclosed that two vessels have been
torpedoed in the St. Lawrence River
instead of one announced previously.
The U. S. Navy revealed Wednes
day (hat three United Nations mer
chantmen have been sunk by Axis
submarines —one off Africa, one in
the Gulf of Mexico and one within
sight of an Atlantic Coast town —
while the Canadian government
disclosed that two vessels have been
torpedoed in the St. Lawrence River
instead of one announced previously.
The U. S. Navy revealed Wednes
day (hat three United Nations mer
chantmen have been sunk by Axis
submarines —one off Africa, one in
the Gulf of Mexico and one within
sight of an Atlantic Coast town —
while the Canadian government
disclosed that two vessels have been
torpedoed in the St. Lawrence River
instead of one announced previously.
The U. S. Navy revealed Wednes
day (hat three United Nations mer
chantmen have been sunk by Axis
submarines —one off Africa, one in
the Gulf of Mexico and one within
sight of an Atlantic Coast town —
while the Canadian government
disclosed that two vessels have been
torpedoed in the St. Lawrence River
instead of one announced previously.
The U. S. Navy revealed Wednes
day (hat three United Nations mer
chantmen have been sunk by Axis
submarines —one off Africa, one in
the Gulf of Mexico and one within
sight of an Atlantic Coast town —
while the Canadian government
disclosed that two vessels have been
torpedoed in the St. Lawrence River
instead of one announced previously.
The U. S. Navy revealed Wednes
day (hat three United Nations mer
chantmen have been sunk by Axis
submarines —one off Africa, one in
the Gulf of Mexico and one within
sight of an Atlantic Coast town —
while the Canadian government
disclosed that two vessels have been
torpedoed in the St. Lawrence River
instead of one announced previously.
The U. S. Navy revealed Wednes
day (hat three United Nations mer
chantmen have been sunk by Axis
submarines —one off Africa, one in
the Gulf of Mexico and one within
sight of an Atlantic Coast town —
while the Canadian government
disclosed that two vessels have been
torpedoed in the St. Lawrence River
instead of one announced previously.
The U. S. Navy revealed Wednes
day (hat three United Nations mer
chantmen have been sunk by Axis
submarines —one off Africa, one in
the Gulf of Mexico and one within
sight of an Atlantic Coast town —
while the Canadian government
disclosed that two vessels have been
torpedoed in the St. Lawrence River
instead of one announced previously.
The U. S. Navy revealed Wednes
day (hat three United Nations mer
chantmen have been sunk by Axis
submarines —one off Africa, one in
the Gulf of Mexico and one within
sight of an Atlantic Coast town —
while the Canadian government
disclosed that two vessels have been
torpedoed in the St. Lawrence River
instead of one announced previously.
The U. S. Navy revealed Wednes
day (hat three United Nations mer
chantmen have been sunk by Axis
submarines —one off Africa, one in
the Gulf of Mexico and one within
sight of an Atlantic Coast town —
while the Canadian government
disclosed that two vessels have been
torpedoed in the St. Lawrence River
instead of one announced previously.
The U. S. Navy revealed Wednes
day (hat three United Nations mer
chantmen have been sunk by Axis
submarines —one off Africa, one in
the Gulf of Mexico and one within
sight of an Atlantic Coast town —
while the Canadian government
disclosed that two vessels have been
torpedoed in the St. Lawrence River
instead of one announced previously.
The U. S. Navy revealed Wednes
day (hat three United Nations mer
chantmen have been sunk by Axis
submarines —one off Africa, one in
the Gulf of Mexico and one within
sight of an Atlantic Coast town —
while the Canadian government
disclosed that two vessels have been
torpedoed in the St. Lawrence River
instead of one announced previously.
The U. S. Navy revealed Wednes
day (hat three United Nations mer
chantmen have been sunk by Axis
submarines —one off Africa, one in
the Gulf of Mexico and one within
sight of an Atlantic Coast town —
while the Canadian government
disclosed that two vessels have been
torpedoed in the St. Lawrence River
instead of one announced previously.
The U. S. Navy revealed Wednes
day (hat three United Nations mer
chantmen have been sunk by Axis
submarines —one off Africa, one in
the Gulf of Mexico and one within
sight of an Atlantic Coast town —
while the Canadian government
disclosed that two vessels have been
torpedoed in the St. Lawrence River
instead of one announced previously.
The U. S. Navy revealed Wednes
day (hat three United Nations mer
chantmen have been sunk by Axis
submarines —one off Africa, one in
the Gulf of Mexico and one within
sight of an Atlantic Coast town —
while the Canadian government
disclosed that two vessels have been
torpedoed in the St. Lawrence River
instead of one announced previously.
The U. S. Navy revealed Wednes
day (hat three United Nations mer
chantmen have been sunk by Axis
submarines —one off Africa, one in
the Gulf of Mexico and one within
sight of an Atlantic Coast town —
while the Canadian government
disclosed that two vessels have been
torpedoed in the St. Lawrence River
instead of one announced previously.
