# WAR PROBLEMS SOLVED IN LABS
## 
### 

OPERATING ON A SCALE undreamed of in the last war. Stanford's laboratories today house scores of
government and war industry projects. In Chem labs, left, large number of chemists are being trained and
war-born research problems are being solved. One of the country's basic war needs is expertly trained com
munications engineers which Stanford's Electrical Engineering Department helps supply.

OPERATING ON A SCALE undreamed of in the last war. Stanford's laboratories today house scores of
government and war industry projects. In Chem labs, left, large number of chemists are being trained and
war-born research problems are being solved. One of the country's basic war needs is expertly trained com
munications engineers which Stanford's Electrical Engineering Department helps supply.

OPERATING ON A SCALE undreamed of in the last war. Stanford's laboratories today house scores of
government and war industry projects. In Chem labs, left, large number of chemists are being trained and
war-born research problems are being solved. One of the country's basic war needs is expertly trained com
munications engineers which Stanford's Electrical Engineering Department helps supply.

OPERATING ON A SCALE undreamed of in the last war. Stanford's laboratories today house scores of
government and war industry projects. In Chem labs, left, large number of chemists are being trained and
war-born research problems are being solved. One of the country's basic war needs is expertly trained com
munications engineers which Stanford's Electrical Engineering Department helps supply.

OPERATING ON A SCALE undreamed of in the last war. Stanford's laboratories today house scores of
government and war industry projects. In Chem labs, left, large number of chemists are being trained and
war-born research problems are being solved. One of the country's basic war needs is expertly trained com
munications engineers which Stanford's Electrical Engineering Department helps supply.

OPERATING ON A SCALE undreamed of in the last war. Stanford's laboratories today house scores of
government and war industry projects. In Chem labs, left, large number of chemists are being trained and
war-born research problems are being solved. One of the country's basic war needs is expertly trained com
munications engineers which Stanford's Electrical Engineering Department helps supply.

OPERATING ON A SCALE undreamed of in the last war. Stanford's laboratories today house scores of
government and war industry projects. In Chem labs, left, large number of chemists are being trained and
war-born research problems are being solved. One of the country's basic war needs is expertly trained com
munications engineers which Stanford's Electrical Engineering Department helps supply.

OPERATING ON A SCALE undreamed of in the last war. Stanford's laboratories today house scores of
government and war industry projects. In Chem labs, left, large number of chemists are being trained and
war-born research problems are being solved. One of the country's basic war needs is expertly trained com
munications engineers which Stanford's Electrical Engineering Department helps supply.

OPERATING ON A SCALE undreamed of in the last war. Stanford's laboratories today house scores of
government and war industry projects. In Chem labs, left, large number of chemists are being trained and
war-born research problems are being solved. One of the country's basic war needs is expertly trained com
munications engineers which Stanford's Electrical Engineering Department helps supply.

OPERATING ON A SCALE undreamed of in the last war. Stanford's laboratories today house scores of
government and war industry projects. In Chem labs, left, large number of chemists are being trained and
war-born research problems are being solved. One of the country's basic war needs is expertly trained com
munications engineers which Stanford's Electrical Engineering Department helps supply.

OPERATING ON A SCALE undreamed of in the last war. Stanford's laboratories today house scores of
government and war industry projects. In Chem labs, left, large number of chemists are being trained and
war-born research problems are being solved. One of the country's basic war needs is expertly trained com
munications engineers which Stanford's Electrical Engineering Department helps supply.

OPERATING ON A SCALE undreamed of in the last war. Stanford's laboratories today house scores of
government and war industry projects. In Chem labs, left, large number of chemists are being trained and
war-born research problems are being solved. One of the country's basic war needs is expertly trained com
munications engineers which Stanford's Electrical Engineering Department helps supply.

OPERATING ON A SCALE undreamed of in the last war. Stanford's laboratories today house scores of
government and war industry projects. In Chem labs, left, large number of chemists are being trained and
war-born research problems are being solved. One of the country's basic war needs is expertly trained com
munications engineers which Stanford's Electrical Engineering Department helps supply.

OPERATING ON A SCALE undreamed of in the last war. Stanford's laboratories today house scores of
government and war industry projects. In Chem labs, left, large number of chemists are being trained and
war-born research problems are being solved. One of the country's basic war needs is expertly trained com
munications engineers which Stanford's Electrical Engineering Department helps supply.

OPERATING ON A SCALE undreamed of in the last war. Stanford's laboratories today house scores of
government and war industry projects. In Chem labs, left, large number of chemists are being trained and
war-born research problems are being solved. One of the country's basic war needs is expertly trained com
munications engineers which Stanford's Electrical Engineering Department helps supply.

OPERATING ON A SCALE undreamed of in the last war. Stanford's laboratories today house scores of
government and war industry projects. In Chem labs, left, large number of chemists are being trained and
war-born research problems are being solved. One of the country's basic war needs is expertly trained com
munications engineers which Stanford's Electrical Engineering Department helps supply.

OPERATING ON A SCALE undreamed of in the last war. Stanford's laboratories today house scores of
government and war industry projects. In Chem labs, left, large number of chemists are being trained and
war-born research problems are being solved. One of the country's basic war needs is expertly trained com
munications engineers which Stanford's Electrical Engineering Department helps supply.

OPERATING ON A SCALE undreamed of in the last war. Stanford's laboratories today house scores of
government and war industry projects. In Chem labs, left, large number of chemists are being trained and
war-born research problems are being solved. One of the country's basic war needs is expertly trained com
munications engineers which Stanford's Electrical Engineering Department helps supply.
