# WAR NEEDS MONEY
## 
### 
It will cost money to defeat our
enemy aggressors. Your govern
ment calls on you to help. Buy
War Bonds or Stamps today. Bonds
cost $18.75 and up; Stamps are 10
cents and up. Do your part by buy
ing your share every week.

The full faith and credit of the
United States government is
pledged for payment of both prin
cipal and interest on War Bonds.
It will cost money to defeat our
enemy aggressors. Your govern
ment calls on you to help. Buy
War Bonds or Stamps today. Bonds
cost $18.75 and up; Stamps are 10
cents and up. Do your part by buy
ing your share every week.

The full faith and credit of the
United States government is
pledged for payment of both prin
cipal and interest on War Bonds.
It will cost money to defeat our
enemy aggressors. Your govern
ment calls on you to help. Buy
War Bonds or Stamps today. Bonds
cost $18.75 and up; Stamps are 10
cents and up. Do your part by buy
ing your share every week.

The full faith and credit of the
United States government is
pledged for payment of both prin
cipal and interest on War Bonds.
It will cost money to defeat our
enemy aggressors. Your govern
ment calls on you to help. Buy
War Bonds or Stamps today. Bonds
cost $18.75 and up; Stamps are 10
cents and up. Do your part by buy
ing your share every week.

The full faith and credit of the
United States government is
pledged for payment of both prin
cipal and interest on War Bonds.
It will cost money to defeat our
enemy aggressors. Your govern
ment calls on you to help. Buy
War Bonds or Stamps today. Bonds
cost $18.75 and up; Stamps are 10
cents and up. Do your part by buy
ing your share every week.

The full faith and credit of the
United States government is
pledged for payment of both prin
cipal and interest on War Bonds.
It will cost money to defeat our
enemy aggressors. Your govern
ment calls on you to help. Buy
War Bonds or Stamps today. Bonds
cost $18.75 and up; Stamps are 10
cents and up. Do your part by buy
ing your share every week.

The full faith and credit of the
United States government is
pledged for payment of both prin
cipal and interest on War Bonds.
It will cost money to defeat our
enemy aggressors. Your govern
ment calls on you to help. Buy
War Bonds or Stamps today. Bonds
cost $18.75 and up; Stamps are 10
cents and up. Do your part by buy
ing your share every week.

The full faith and credit of the
United States government is
pledged for payment of both prin
cipal and interest on War Bonds.
It will cost money to defeat our
enemy aggressors. Your govern
ment calls on you to help. Buy
War Bonds or Stamps today. Bonds
cost $18.75 and up; Stamps are 10
cents and up. Do your part by buy
ing your share every week.

The full faith and credit of the
United States government is
pledged for payment of both prin
cipal and interest on War Bonds.
It will cost money to defeat our
enemy aggressors. Your govern
ment calls on you to help. Buy
War Bonds or Stamps today. Bonds
cost $18.75 and up; Stamps are 10
cents and up. Do your part by buy
ing your share every week.

The full faith and credit of the
United States government is
pledged for payment of both prin
cipal and interest on War Bonds.
It will cost money to defeat our
enemy aggressors. Your govern
ment calls on you to help. Buy
War Bonds or Stamps today. Bonds
cost $18.75 and up; Stamps are 10
cents and up. Do your part by buy
ing your share every week.

The full faith and credit of the
United States government is
pledged for payment of both prin
cipal and interest on War Bonds.
It will cost money to defeat our
enemy aggressors. Your govern
ment calls on you to help. Buy
War Bonds or Stamps today. Bonds
cost $18.75 and up; Stamps are 10
cents and up. Do your part by buy
ing your share every week.

The full faith and credit of the
United States government is
pledged for payment of both prin
cipal and interest on War Bonds.
It will cost money to defeat our
enemy aggressors. Your govern
ment calls on you to help. Buy
War Bonds or Stamps today. Bonds
cost $18.75 and up; Stamps are 10
cents and up. Do your part by buy
ing your share every week.

The full faith and credit of the
United States government is
pledged for payment of both prin
cipal and interest on War Bonds.
It will cost money to defeat our
enemy aggressors. Your govern
ment calls on you to help. Buy
War Bonds or Stamps today. Bonds
cost $18.75 and up; Stamps are 10
cents and up. Do your part by buy
ing your share every week.

The full faith and credit of the
United States government is
pledged for payment of both prin
cipal and interest on War Bonds.
It will cost money to defeat our
enemy aggressors. Your govern
ment calls on you to help. Buy
War Bonds or Stamps today. Bonds
cost $18.75 and up; Stamps are 10
cents and up. Do your part by buy
ing your share every week.

The full faith and credit of the
United States government is
pledged for payment of both prin
cipal and interest on War Bonds.
It will cost money to defeat our
enemy aggressors. Your govern
ment calls on you to help. Buy
War Bonds or Stamps today. Bonds
cost $18.75 and up; Stamps are 10
cents and up. Do your part by buy
ing your share every week.

The full faith and credit of the
United States government is
pledged for payment of both prin
cipal and interest on War Bonds.
It will cost money to defeat our
enemy aggressors. Your govern
ment calls on you to help. Buy
War Bonds or Stamps today. Bonds
cost $18.75 and up; Stamps are 10
cents and up. Do your part by buy
ing your share every week.

The full faith and credit of the
United States government is
pledged for payment of both prin
cipal and interest on War Bonds.
It will cost money to defeat our
enemy aggressors. Your govern
ment calls on you to help. Buy
War Bonds or Stamps today. Bonds
cost $18.75 and up; Stamps are 10
cents and up. Do your part by buy
ing your share every week.

The full faith and credit of the
United States government is
pledged for payment of both prin
cipal and interest on War Bonds.
It will cost money to defeat our
enemy aggressors. Your govern
ment calls on you to help. Buy
War Bonds or Stamps today. Bonds
cost $18.75 and up; Stamps are 10
cents and up. Do your part by buy
ing your share every week.

The full faith and credit of the
United States government is
pledged for payment of both prin
cipal and interest on War Bonds.
