# Daily Expresses Appreciation
## 
### 
The Daily wishes to express its
appreciation for the interest and
contributions of the following:
Captain R. J. Morse, U.S. Army
Aviation Cadet Detachment, Mof
fett Field; Frank F. Walker, finan
cial vice-president, Stanford Uni
versity; Paul Davis, general secre
tary, Stanford University; Dave
Jacobson, Stanford Associates; Roy
Peterson, Stanford Associates; Dr.
Chilton Bush, executive head, Stan
ford Division of Journalism; Peter
Allen, editor. Stanford Alumni Re
view; Ross Barrett, Jr., chief, Busi
ness Publications Section, War Sav
ings Staff, U.S. Treasury Depart
ment, Washington. D.C.; Ed McLel
lan, Dewey Goodspeed. and
Charles Wegner, Stanford Univer
sity Press; Sherman Montrose.
N.E.A.; Betty Jane Tweedy, Bill
Smith and Robert Lewis.
