# NEW FACULTY OFFICERS
## 
### 
Officers of the Stanford Faculty
Research Club for the next academic
year were elected last week as fol
lows: Professor Raymond D. Harri
man, president; Professor Gabor
Szego, first vice-president; Profes
sor Maxwell H. Savclle, second vice
president; Professor John Field. 11,
secretary-treasurer; Professor John
K. Mathison, assistant .secretary.
Officers of the Stanford Faculty
Research Club for the next academic
year were elected last week as fol
lows: Professor Raymond D. Harri
man, president; Professor Gabor
Szego, first vice-president; Profes
sor Maxwell H. Savclle, second vice
president; Professor John Field. 11,
secretary-treasurer; Professor John
K. Mathison, assistant .secretary.
Officers of the Stanford Faculty
Research Club for the next academic
year were elected last week as fol
lows: Professor Raymond D. Harri
man, president; Professor Gabor
Szego, first vice-president; Profes
sor Maxwell H. Savclle, second vice
president; Professor John Field. 11,
secretary-treasurer; Professor John
K. Mathison, assistant .secretary.
Officers of the Stanford Faculty
Research Club for the next academic
year were elected last week as fol
lows: Professor Raymond D. Harri
man, president; Professor Gabor
Szego, first vice-president; Profes
sor Maxwell H. Savclle, second vice
president; Professor John Field. 11,
secretary-treasurer; Professor John
K. Mathison, assistant .secretary.
Officers of the Stanford Faculty
Research Club for the next academic
year were elected last week as fol
lows: Professor Raymond D. Harri
man, president; Professor Gabor
Szego, first vice-president; Profes
sor Maxwell H. Savclle, second vice
president; Professor John Field. 11,
secretary-treasurer; Professor John
K. Mathison, assistant .secretary.
Officers of the Stanford Faculty
Research Club for the next academic
year were elected last week as fol
lows: Professor Raymond D. Harri
man, president; Professor Gabor
Szego, first vice-president; Profes
sor Maxwell H. Savclle, second vice
president; Professor John Field. 11,
secretary-treasurer; Professor John
K. Mathison, assistant .secretary.
Officers of the Stanford Faculty
Research Club for the next academic
year were elected last week as fol
lows: Professor Raymond D. Harri
man, president; Professor Gabor
Szego, first vice-president; Profes
sor Maxwell H. Savclle, second vice
president; Professor John Field. 11,
secretary-treasurer; Professor John
K. Mathison, assistant .secretary.
Officers of the Stanford Faculty
Research Club for the next academic
year were elected last week as fol
lows: Professor Raymond D. Harri
man, president; Professor Gabor
Szego, first vice-president; Profes
sor Maxwell H. Savclle, second vice
president; Professor John Field. 11,
secretary-treasurer; Professor John
K. Mathison, assistant .secretary.
Officers of the Stanford Faculty
Research Club for the next academic
year were elected last week as fol
lows: Professor Raymond D. Harri
man, president; Professor Gabor
Szego, first vice-president; Profes
sor Maxwell H. Savclle, second vice
president; Professor John Field. 11,
secretary-treasurer; Professor John
K. Mathison, assistant .secretary.
Officers of the Stanford Faculty
Research Club for the next academic
year were elected last week as fol
lows: Professor Raymond D. Harri
man, president; Professor Gabor
Szego, first vice-president; Profes
sor Maxwell H. Savclle, second vice
president; Professor John Field. 11,
secretary-treasurer; Professor John
K. Mathison, assistant .secretary.
Officers of the Stanford Faculty
Research Club for the next academic
year were elected last week as fol
lows: Professor Raymond D. Harri
man, president; Professor Gabor
Szego, first vice-president; Profes
sor Maxwell H. Savclle, second vice
president; Professor John Field. 11,
secretary-treasurer; Professor John
K. Mathison, assistant .secretary.
Officers of the Stanford Faculty
Research Club for the next academic
year were elected last week as fol
lows: Professor Raymond D. Harri
man, president; Professor Gabor
Szego, first vice-president; Profes
sor Maxwell H. Savclle, second vice
president; Professor John Field. 11,
secretary-treasurer; Professor John
K. Mathison, assistant .secretary.
Officers of the Stanford Faculty
Research Club for the next academic
year were elected last week as fol
lows: Professor Raymond D. Harri
man, president; Professor Gabor
Szego, first vice-president; Profes
sor Maxwell H. Savclle, second vice
president; Professor John Field. 11,
secretary-treasurer; Professor John
K. Mathison, assistant .secretary.
Officers of the Stanford Faculty
Research Club for the next academic
year were elected last week as fol
lows: Professor Raymond D. Harri
man, president; Professor Gabor
Szego, first vice-president; Profes
sor Maxwell H. Savclle, second vice
president; Professor John Field. 11,
secretary-treasurer; Professor John
K. Mathison, assistant .secretary.
Officers of the Stanford Faculty
Research Club for the next academic
year were elected last week as fol
lows: Professor Raymond D. Harri
man, president; Professor Gabor
Szego, first vice-president; Profes
sor Maxwell H. Savclle, second vice
president; Professor John Field. 11,
secretary-treasurer; Professor John
K. Mathison, assistant .secretary.
Officers of the Stanford Faculty
Research Club for the next academic
year were elected last week as fol
lows: Professor Raymond D. Harri
man, president; Professor Gabor
Szego, first vice-president; Profes
sor Maxwell H. Savclle, second vice
president; Professor John Field. 11,
secretary-treasurer; Professor John
K. Mathison, assistant .secretary.
Officers of the Stanford Faculty
Research Club for the next academic
year were elected last week as fol
lows: Professor Raymond D. Harri
man, president; Professor Gabor
Szego, first vice-president; Profes
sor Maxwell H. Savclle, second vice
president; Professor John Field. 11,
secretary-treasurer; Professor John
K. Mathison, assistant .secretary.
Officers of the Stanford Faculty
Research Club for the next academic
year were elected last week as fol
lows: Professor Raymond D. Harri
man, president; Professor Gabor
Szego, first vice-president; Profes
sor Maxwell H. Savclle, second vice
president; Professor John Field. 11,
secretary-treasurer; Professor John
K. Mathison, assistant .secretary.
