# World University Conference Plans
## 
### 
Plans are being made for the
Western United States Region
World University Service Confer
ence which will be held at Stan
lord Oct. 10.
At I hat time, delegates will
gal her from schools in the Pa
cific Southwest to discuss prob
lems facing higher learning the
world over.
Those interested in helping
with the conference may contact
Peter Knopf at the lIR shack.
Plans are being made for the
Western United States Region
World University Service Confer
ence which will be held at Stan
lord Oct. 10.
At I hat time, delegates will
gal her from schools in the Pa
cific Southwest to discuss prob
lems facing higher learning the
world over.
Those interested in helping
with the conference may contact
Peter Knopf at the lIR shack.
Plans are being made for the
Western United States Region
World University Service Confer
ence which will be held at Stan
lord Oct. 10.
At I hat time, delegates will
gal her from schools in the Pa
cific Southwest to discuss prob
lems facing higher learning the
world over.
Those interested in helping
with the conference may contact
Peter Knopf at the lIR shack.
Plans are being made for the
Western United States Region
World University Service Confer
ence which will be held at Stan
lord Oct. 10.
At I hat time, delegates will
gal her from schools in the Pa
cific Southwest to discuss prob
lems facing higher learning the
world over.
Those interested in helping
with the conference may contact
Peter Knopf at the lIR shack.
Plans are being made for the
Western United States Region
World University Service Confer
ence which will be held at Stan
lord Oct. 10.
At I hat time, delegates will
gal her from schools in the Pa
cific Southwest to discuss prob
lems facing higher learning the
world over.
Those interested in helping
with the conference may contact
Peter Knopf at the lIR shack.
Plans are being made for the
Western United States Region
World University Service Confer
ence which will be held at Stan
lord Oct. 10.
At I hat time, delegates will
gal her from schools in the Pa
cific Southwest to discuss prob
lems facing higher learning the
world over.
Those interested in helping
with the conference may contact
Peter Knopf at the lIR shack.
Plans are being made for the
Western United States Region
World University Service Confer
ence which will be held at Stan
lord Oct. 10.
At I hat time, delegates will
gal her from schools in the Pa
cific Southwest to discuss prob
lems facing higher learning the
world over.
Those interested in helping
with the conference may contact
Peter Knopf at the lIR shack.
Plans are being made for the
Western United States Region
World University Service Confer
ence which will be held at Stan
lord Oct. 10.
At I hat time, delegates will
gal her from schools in the Pa
cific Southwest to discuss prob
lems facing higher learning the
world over.
Those interested in helping
with the conference may contact
Peter Knopf at the lIR shack.
Plans are being made for the
Western United States Region
World University Service Confer
ence which will be held at Stan
lord Oct. 10.
At I hat time, delegates will
gal her from schools in the Pa
cific Southwest to discuss prob
lems facing higher learning the
world over.
Those interested in helping
with the conference may contact
Peter Knopf at the lIR shack.
Plans are being made for the
Western United States Region
World University Service Confer
ence which will be held at Stan
lord Oct. 10.
At I hat time, delegates will
gal her from schools in the Pa
cific Southwest to discuss prob
lems facing higher learning the
world over.
Those interested in helping
with the conference may contact
Peter Knopf at the lIR shack.
Plans are being made for the
Western United States Region
World University Service Confer
ence which will be held at Stan
lord Oct. 10.
At I hat time, delegates will
gal her from schools in the Pa
cific Southwest to discuss prob
lems facing higher learning the
world over.
Those interested in helping
with the conference may contact
Peter Knopf at the lIR shack.
Plans are being made for the
Western United States Region
World University Service Confer
ence which will be held at Stan
lord Oct. 10.
At I hat time, delegates will
gal her from schools in the Pa
cific Southwest to discuss prob
lems facing higher learning the
world over.
Those interested in helping
with the conference may contact
Peter Knopf at the lIR shack.
Plans are being made for the
Western United States Region
World University Service Confer
ence which will be held at Stan
lord Oct. 10.
At I hat time, delegates will
gal her from schools in the Pa
cific Southwest to discuss prob
lems facing higher learning the
world over.
Those interested in helping
with the conference may contact
Peter Knopf at the lIR shack.
Plans are being made for the
Western United States Region
World University Service Confer
ence which will be held at Stan
lord Oct. 10.
At I hat time, delegates will
gal her from schools in the Pa
cific Southwest to discuss prob
lems facing higher learning the
world over.
Those interested in helping
with the conference may contact
Peter Knopf at the lIR shack.
Plans are being made for the
Western United States Region
World University Service Confer
ence which will be held at Stan
lord Oct. 10.
At I hat time, delegates will
gal her from schools in the Pa
cific Southwest to discuss prob
lems facing higher learning the
world over.
Those interested in helping
with the conference may contact
Peter Knopf at the lIR shack.
Plans are being made for the
Western United States Region
World University Service Confer
ence which will be held at Stan
lord Oct. 10.
At I hat time, delegates will
gal her from schools in the Pa
cific Southwest to discuss prob
lems facing higher learning the
world over.
Those interested in helping
with the conference may contact
Peter Knopf at the lIR shack.
Plans are being made for the
Western United States Region
World University Service Confer
ence which will be held at Stan
lord Oct. 10.
At I hat time, delegates will
gal her from schools in the Pa
cific Southwest to discuss prob
lems facing higher learning the
world over.
Those interested in helping
with the conference may contact
Peter Knopf at the lIR shack.
