# PALO Banquet
## 
### 
Many Stanford sports luminaries
will gather tonight at Rickey's for
the PALO Club's ninth annual "mil
lion dollar banquet." Among the
guests will be Buck Shaw, who
coached the victorious West team in
the pro all-star game, and George
Shaw, who will be presented the
Warner Award.
Representing Stanford at the ban
quet will be Chuck Taylor, Howie
Dallmar, Bud Finger, Jack Weiers
hauser, Connie Jarvis, Dutch Fehr
ing, Mai Elward, Bob Ghilotti, Pete
Kmetovic, George Lynn, Joe Ruetz,
Don Liebendorfer, Al Masters, and
former Card athletes Jack Shepard,
Norm Standlee, Bob Burnett, Jim
Lawson, Ernie Nevers, and Dink
Tempi eton.
Many Stanford sports luminaries
will gather tonight at Rickey's for
the PALO Club's ninth annual "mil
lion dollar banquet." Among the
guests will be Buck Shaw, who
coached the victorious West team in
the pro all-star game, and George
Shaw, who will be presented the
Warner Award.
Representing Stanford at the ban
quet will be Chuck Taylor, Howie
Dallmar, Bud Finger, Jack Weiers
hauser, Connie Jarvis, Dutch Fehr
ing, Mai Elward, Bob Ghilotti, Pete
Kmetovic, George Lynn, Joe Ruetz,
Don Liebendorfer, Al Masters, and
former Card athletes Jack Shepard,
Norm Standlee, Bob Burnett, Jim
Lawson, Ernie Nevers, and Dink
Tempi eton.
Many Stanford sports luminaries
will gather tonight at Rickey's for
the PALO Club's ninth annual "mil
lion dollar banquet." Among the
guests will be Buck Shaw, who
coached the victorious West team in
the pro all-star game, and George
Shaw, who will be presented the
Warner Award.
Representing Stanford at the ban
quet will be Chuck Taylor, Howie
Dallmar, Bud Finger, Jack Weiers
hauser, Connie Jarvis, Dutch Fehr
ing, Mai Elward, Bob Ghilotti, Pete
Kmetovic, George Lynn, Joe Ruetz,
Don Liebendorfer, Al Masters, and
former Card athletes Jack Shepard,
Norm Standlee, Bob Burnett, Jim
Lawson, Ernie Nevers, and Dink
Tempi eton.
Many Stanford sports luminaries
will gather tonight at Rickey's for
the PALO Club's ninth annual "mil
lion dollar banquet." Among the
guests will be Buck Shaw, who
coached the victorious West team in
the pro all-star game, and George
Shaw, who will be presented the
Warner Award.
Representing Stanford at the ban
quet will be Chuck Taylor, Howie
Dallmar, Bud Finger, Jack Weiers
hauser, Connie Jarvis, Dutch Fehr
ing, Mai Elward, Bob Ghilotti, Pete
Kmetovic, George Lynn, Joe Ruetz,
Don Liebendorfer, Al Masters, and
former Card athletes Jack Shepard,
Norm Standlee, Bob Burnett, Jim
Lawson, Ernie Nevers, and Dink
Tempi eton.
Many Stanford sports luminaries
will gather tonight at Rickey's for
the PALO Club's ninth annual "mil
lion dollar banquet." Among the
guests will be Buck Shaw, who
coached the victorious West team in
the pro all-star game, and George
Shaw, who will be presented the
Warner Award.
Representing Stanford at the ban
quet will be Chuck Taylor, Howie
Dallmar, Bud Finger, Jack Weiers
hauser, Connie Jarvis, Dutch Fehr
ing, Mai Elward, Bob Ghilotti, Pete
Kmetovic, George Lynn, Joe Ruetz,
Don Liebendorfer, Al Masters, and
former Card athletes Jack Shepard,
Norm Standlee, Bob Burnett, Jim
Lawson, Ernie Nevers, and Dink
Tempi eton.
Many Stanford sports luminaries
will gather tonight at Rickey's for
the PALO Club's ninth annual "mil
lion dollar banquet." Among the
guests will be Buck Shaw, who
coached the victorious West team in
the pro all-star game, and George
Shaw, who will be presented the
Warner Award.
Representing Stanford at the ban
quet will be Chuck Taylor, Howie
Dallmar, Bud Finger, Jack Weiers
hauser, Connie Jarvis, Dutch Fehr
ing, Mai Elward, Bob Ghilotti, Pete
Kmetovic, George Lynn, Joe Ruetz,
Don Liebendorfer, Al Masters, and
former Card athletes Jack Shepard,
Norm Standlee, Bob Burnett, Jim
Lawson, Ernie Nevers, and Dink
Tempi eton.
Many Stanford sports luminaries
will gather tonight at Rickey's for
the PALO Club's ninth annual "mil
lion dollar banquet." Among the
guests will be Buck Shaw, who
coached the victorious West team in
the pro all-star game, and George
Shaw, who will be presented the
Warner Award.
Representing Stanford at the ban
quet will be Chuck Taylor, Howie
Dallmar, Bud Finger, Jack Weiers
hauser, Connie Jarvis, Dutch Fehr
ing, Mai Elward, Bob Ghilotti, Pete
Kmetovic, George Lynn, Joe Ruetz,
Don Liebendorfer, Al Masters, and
former Card athletes Jack Shepard,
Norm Standlee, Bob Burnett, Jim
Lawson, Ernie Nevers, and Dink
Tempi eton.
Many Stanford sports luminaries
will gather tonight at Rickey's for
the PALO Club's ninth annual "mil
lion dollar banquet." Among the
guests will be Buck Shaw, who
coached the victorious West team in
the pro all-star game, and George
Shaw, who will be presented the
Warner Award.
Representing Stanford at the ban
quet will be Chuck Taylor, Howie
Dallmar, Bud Finger, Jack Weiers
hauser, Connie Jarvis, Dutch Fehr
ing, Mai Elward, Bob Ghilotti, Pete
Kmetovic, George Lynn, Joe Ruetz,
Don Liebendorfer, Al Masters, and
former Card athletes Jack Shepard,
Norm Standlee, Bob Burnett, Jim
Lawson, Ernie Nevers, and Dink
Tempi eton.
Many Stanford sports luminaries
will gather tonight at Rickey's for
the PALO Club's ninth annual "mil
lion dollar banquet." Among the
guests will be Buck Shaw, who
coached the victorious West team in
the pro all-star game, and George
Shaw, who will be presented the
Warner Award.
Representing Stanford at the ban
quet will be Chuck Taylor, Howie
Dallmar, Bud Finger, Jack Weiers
hauser, Connie Jarvis, Dutch Fehr
ing, Mai Elward, Bob Ghilotti, Pete
Kmetovic, George Lynn, Joe Ruetz,
Don Liebendorfer, Al Masters, and
former Card athletes Jack Shepard,
Norm Standlee, Bob Burnett, Jim
Lawson, Ernie Nevers, and Dink
Tempi eton.
Many Stanford sports luminaries
will gather tonight at Rickey's for
the PALO Club's ninth annual "mil
lion dollar banquet." Among the
guests will be Buck Shaw, who
coached the victorious West team in
the pro all-star game, and George
Shaw, who will be presented the
Warner Award.
Representing Stanford at the ban
quet will be Chuck Taylor, Howie
Dallmar, Bud Finger, Jack Weiers
hauser, Connie Jarvis, Dutch Fehr
ing, Mai Elward, Bob Ghilotti, Pete
Kmetovic, George Lynn, Joe Ruetz,
Don Liebendorfer, Al Masters, and
former Card athletes Jack Shepard,
Norm Standlee, Bob Burnett, Jim
Lawson, Ernie Nevers, and Dink
Tempi eton.
Many Stanford sports luminaries
will gather tonight at Rickey's for
the PALO Club's ninth annual "mil
lion dollar banquet." Among the
guests will be Buck Shaw, who
coached the victorious West team in
the pro all-star game, and George
Shaw, who will be presented the
Warner Award.
Representing Stanford at the ban
quet will be Chuck Taylor, Howie
Dallmar, Bud Finger, Jack Weiers
hauser, Connie Jarvis, Dutch Fehr
ing, Mai Elward, Bob Ghilotti, Pete
Kmetovic, George Lynn, Joe Ruetz,
Don Liebendorfer, Al Masters, and
former Card athletes Jack Shepard,
Norm Standlee, Bob Burnett, Jim
Lawson, Ernie Nevers, and Dink
Tempi eton.
Many Stanford sports luminaries
will gather tonight at Rickey's for
the PALO Club's ninth annual "mil
lion dollar banquet." Among the
guests will be Buck Shaw, who
coached the victorious West team in
the pro all-star game, and George
Shaw, who will be presented the
Warner Award.
Representing Stanford at the ban
quet will be Chuck Taylor, Howie
Dallmar, Bud Finger, Jack Weiers
hauser, Connie Jarvis, Dutch Fehr
ing, Mai Elward, Bob Ghilotti, Pete
Kmetovic, George Lynn, Joe Ruetz,
Don Liebendorfer, Al Masters, and
former Card athletes Jack Shepard,
Norm Standlee, Bob Burnett, Jim
Lawson, Ernie Nevers, and Dink
Tempi eton.
Many Stanford sports luminaries
will gather tonight at Rickey's for
the PALO Club's ninth annual "mil
lion dollar banquet." Among the
guests will be Buck Shaw, who
coached the victorious West team in
the pro all-star game, and George
Shaw, who will be presented the
Warner Award.
Representing Stanford at the ban
quet will be Chuck Taylor, Howie
Dallmar, Bud Finger, Jack Weiers
hauser, Connie Jarvis, Dutch Fehr
ing, Mai Elward, Bob Ghilotti, Pete
Kmetovic, George Lynn, Joe Ruetz,
Don Liebendorfer, Al Masters, and
former Card athletes Jack Shepard,
Norm Standlee, Bob Burnett, Jim
Lawson, Ernie Nevers, and Dink
Tempi eton.
Many Stanford sports luminaries
will gather tonight at Rickey's for
the PALO Club's ninth annual "mil
lion dollar banquet." Among the
guests will be Buck Shaw, who
coached the victorious West team in
the pro all-star game, and George
Shaw, who will be presented the
Warner Award.
Representing Stanford at the ban
quet will be Chuck Taylor, Howie
Dallmar, Bud Finger, Jack Weiers
hauser, Connie Jarvis, Dutch Fehr
ing, Mai Elward, Bob Ghilotti, Pete
Kmetovic, George Lynn, Joe Ruetz,
Don Liebendorfer, Al Masters, and
former Card athletes Jack Shepard,
Norm Standlee, Bob Burnett, Jim
Lawson, Ernie Nevers, and Dink
Tempi eton.
Many Stanford sports luminaries
will gather tonight at Rickey's for
the PALO Club's ninth annual "mil
lion dollar banquet." Among the
guests will be Buck Shaw, who
coached the victorious West team in
the pro all-star game, and George
Shaw, who will be presented the
Warner Award.
Representing Stanford at the ban
quet will be Chuck Taylor, Howie
Dallmar, Bud Finger, Jack Weiers
hauser, Connie Jarvis, Dutch Fehr
ing, Mai Elward, Bob Ghilotti, Pete
Kmetovic, George Lynn, Joe Ruetz,
Don Liebendorfer, Al Masters, and
former Card athletes Jack Shepard,
Norm Standlee, Bob Burnett, Jim
Lawson, Ernie Nevers, and Dink
Tempi eton.
