# Axe Society Holds Tryouts Tomorrow
## 
### 
Axe Society will hold tryouts to
morrow and Thursday from \ to (i
p.m. in the Excom room.
"We are interested in people who
arc willing to work," said Dick Bol
ton, chairman of the interviewing
committee. "This is one of the few
campus activities open to graduate
students."
Sign-up lists will be posted out
side the ASSU office today through
Thursday.
Axe Society will hold tryouts to
morrow and Thursday from \ to (i
p.m. in the Excom room.
"We are interested in people who
arc willing to work," said Dick Bol
ton, chairman of the interviewing
committee. "This is one of the few
campus activities open to graduate
students."
Sign-up lists will be posted out
side the ASSU office today through
Thursday.
Axe Society will hold tryouts to
morrow and Thursday from \ to (i
p.m. in the Excom room.
"We are interested in people who
arc willing to work," said Dick Bol
ton, chairman of the interviewing
committee. "This is one of the few
campus activities open to graduate
students."
Sign-up lists will be posted out
side the ASSU office today through
Thursday.
Axe Society will hold tryouts to
morrow and Thursday from \ to (i
p.m. in the Excom room.
"We are interested in people who
arc willing to work," said Dick Bol
ton, chairman of the interviewing
committee. "This is one of the few
campus activities open to graduate
students."
Sign-up lists will be posted out
side the ASSU office today through
Thursday.
Axe Society will hold tryouts to
morrow and Thursday from \ to (i
p.m. in the Excom room.
"We are interested in people who
arc willing to work," said Dick Bol
ton, chairman of the interviewing
committee. "This is one of the few
campus activities open to graduate
students."
Sign-up lists will be posted out
side the ASSU office today through
Thursday.
Axe Society will hold tryouts to
morrow and Thursday from \ to (i
p.m. in the Excom room.
"We are interested in people who
arc willing to work," said Dick Bol
ton, chairman of the interviewing
committee. "This is one of the few
campus activities open to graduate
students."
Sign-up lists will be posted out
side the ASSU office today through
Thursday.
Axe Society will hold tryouts to
morrow and Thursday from \ to (i
p.m. in the Excom room.
"We are interested in people who
arc willing to work," said Dick Bol
ton, chairman of the interviewing
committee. "This is one of the few
campus activities open to graduate
students."
Sign-up lists will be posted out
side the ASSU office today through
Thursday.
Axe Society will hold tryouts to
morrow and Thursday from \ to (i
p.m. in the Excom room.
"We are interested in people who
arc willing to work," said Dick Bol
ton, chairman of the interviewing
committee. "This is one of the few
campus activities open to graduate
students."
Sign-up lists will be posted out
side the ASSU office today through
Thursday.
Axe Society will hold tryouts to
morrow and Thursday from \ to (i
p.m. in the Excom room.
"We are interested in people who
arc willing to work," said Dick Bol
ton, chairman of the interviewing
committee. "This is one of the few
campus activities open to graduate
students."
Sign-up lists will be posted out
side the ASSU office today through
Thursday.
Axe Society will hold tryouts to
morrow and Thursday from \ to (i
p.m. in the Excom room.
"We are interested in people who
arc willing to work," said Dick Bol
ton, chairman of the interviewing
committee. "This is one of the few
campus activities open to graduate
students."
Sign-up lists will be posted out
side the ASSU office today through
Thursday.
Axe Society will hold tryouts to
morrow and Thursday from \ to (i
p.m. in the Excom room.
"We are interested in people who
arc willing to work," said Dick Bol
ton, chairman of the interviewing
committee. "This is one of the few
campus activities open to graduate
students."
Sign-up lists will be posted out
side the ASSU office today through
Thursday.
Axe Society will hold tryouts to
morrow and Thursday from \ to (i
p.m. in the Excom room.
"We are interested in people who
arc willing to work," said Dick Bol
ton, chairman of the interviewing
committee. "This is one of the few
campus activities open to graduate
students."
Sign-up lists will be posted out
side the ASSU office today through
Thursday.
Axe Society will hold tryouts to
morrow and Thursday from \ to (i
p.m. in the Excom room.
"We are interested in people who
arc willing to work," said Dick Bol
ton, chairman of the interviewing
committee. "This is one of the few
campus activities open to graduate
students."
Sign-up lists will be posted out
side the ASSU office today through
Thursday.
Axe Society will hold tryouts to
morrow and Thursday from \ to (i
p.m. in the Excom room.
"We are interested in people who
arc willing to work," said Dick Bol
ton, chairman of the interviewing
committee. "This is one of the few
campus activities open to graduate
students."
Sign-up lists will be posted out
side the ASSU office today through
Thursday.
Axe Society will hold tryouts to
morrow and Thursday from \ to (i
p.m. in the Excom room.
"We are interested in people who
arc willing to work," said Dick Bol
ton, chairman of the interviewing
committee. "This is one of the few
campus activities open to graduate
students."
Sign-up lists will be posted out
side the ASSU office today through
Thursday.
