# Basketball Tickets
## 
### 
The BAC's supply of student
basketball tickets for this week
end's games was sold out early
yesterday.
There is a Limited supply of
general admission seats for Fri
day's lilt with USF and Satur
day's contest with Santa Clara.
The sale of the 51.50 general ad
mission seats will end at the BAC
tonight at 5.
Both student and general ad
mission tickets will be available
at the Cow Palace both evenings.
Student tickets cost 50 cents.
The BAC's supply of student
basketball tickets for this week
end's games was sold out early
yesterday.
There is a Limited supply of
general admission seats for Fri
day's lilt with USF and Satur
day's contest with Santa Clara.
The sale of the 51.50 general ad
mission seats will end at the BAC
tonight at 5.
Both student and general ad
mission tickets will be available
at the Cow Palace both evenings.
Student tickets cost 50 cents.
The BAC's supply of student
basketball tickets for this week
end's games was sold out early
yesterday.
There is a Limited supply of
general admission seats for Fri
day's lilt with USF and Satur
day's contest with Santa Clara.
The sale of the 51.50 general ad
mission seats will end at the BAC
tonight at 5.
Both student and general ad
mission tickets will be available
at the Cow Palace both evenings.
Student tickets cost 50 cents.
The BAC's supply of student
basketball tickets for this week
end's games was sold out early
yesterday.
There is a Limited supply of
general admission seats for Fri
day's lilt with USF and Satur
day's contest with Santa Clara.
The sale of the 51.50 general ad
mission seats will end at the BAC
tonight at 5.
Both student and general ad
mission tickets will be available
at the Cow Palace both evenings.
Student tickets cost 50 cents.
The BAC's supply of student
basketball tickets for this week
end's games was sold out early
yesterday.
There is a Limited supply of
general admission seats for Fri
day's lilt with USF and Satur
day's contest with Santa Clara.
The sale of the 51.50 general ad
mission seats will end at the BAC
tonight at 5.
Both student and general ad
mission tickets will be available
at the Cow Palace both evenings.
Student tickets cost 50 cents.
The BAC's supply of student
basketball tickets for this week
end's games was sold out early
yesterday.
There is a Limited supply of
general admission seats for Fri
day's lilt with USF and Satur
day's contest with Santa Clara.
The sale of the 51.50 general ad
mission seats will end at the BAC
tonight at 5.
Both student and general ad
mission tickets will be available
at the Cow Palace both evenings.
Student tickets cost 50 cents.
The BAC's supply of student
basketball tickets for this week
end's games was sold out early
yesterday.
There is a Limited supply of
general admission seats for Fri
day's lilt with USF and Satur
day's contest with Santa Clara.
The sale of the 51.50 general ad
mission seats will end at the BAC
tonight at 5.
Both student and general ad
mission tickets will be available
at the Cow Palace both evenings.
Student tickets cost 50 cents.
The BAC's supply of student
basketball tickets for this week
end's games was sold out early
yesterday.
There is a Limited supply of
general admission seats for Fri
day's lilt with USF and Satur
day's contest with Santa Clara.
The sale of the 51.50 general ad
mission seats will end at the BAC
tonight at 5.
Both student and general ad
mission tickets will be available
at the Cow Palace both evenings.
Student tickets cost 50 cents.
The BAC's supply of student
basketball tickets for this week
end's games was sold out early
yesterday.
There is a Limited supply of
general admission seats for Fri
day's lilt with USF and Satur
day's contest with Santa Clara.
The sale of the 51.50 general ad
mission seats will end at the BAC
tonight at 5.
Both student and general ad
mission tickets will be available
at the Cow Palace both evenings.
Student tickets cost 50 cents.
The BAC's supply of student
basketball tickets for this week
end's games was sold out early
yesterday.
There is a Limited supply of
general admission seats for Fri
day's lilt with USF and Satur
day's contest with Santa Clara.
The sale of the 51.50 general ad
mission seats will end at the BAC
tonight at 5.
Both student and general ad
mission tickets will be available
at the Cow Palace both evenings.
Student tickets cost 50 cents.
The BAC's supply of student
basketball tickets for this week
end's games was sold out early
yesterday.
There is a Limited supply of
general admission seats for Fri
day's lilt with USF and Satur
day's contest with Santa Clara.
The sale of the 51.50 general ad
mission seats will end at the BAC
tonight at 5.
Both student and general ad
mission tickets will be available
at the Cow Palace both evenings.
Student tickets cost 50 cents.
The BAC's supply of student
basketball tickets for this week
end's games was sold out early
yesterday.
There is a Limited supply of
general admission seats for Fri
day's lilt with USF and Satur
day's contest with Santa Clara.
The sale of the 51.50 general ad
mission seats will end at the BAC
tonight at 5.
Both student and general ad
mission tickets will be available
at the Cow Palace both evenings.
Student tickets cost 50 cents.
The BAC's supply of student
basketball tickets for this week
end's games was sold out early
yesterday.
There is a Limited supply of
general admission seats for Fri
day's lilt with USF and Satur
day's contest with Santa Clara.
The sale of the 51.50 general ad
mission seats will end at the BAC
tonight at 5.
Both student and general ad
mission tickets will be available
at the Cow Palace both evenings.
Student tickets cost 50 cents.
The BAC's supply of student
basketball tickets for this week
end's games was sold out early
yesterday.
There is a Limited supply of
general admission seats for Fri
day's lilt with USF and Satur
day's contest with Santa Clara.
The sale of the 51.50 general ad
mission seats will end at the BAC
tonight at 5.
Both student and general ad
mission tickets will be available
at the Cow Palace both evenings.
Student tickets cost 50 cents.
The BAC's supply of student
basketball tickets for this week
end's games was sold out early
yesterday.
There is a Limited supply of
general admission seats for Fri
day's lilt with USF and Satur
day's contest with Santa Clara.
The sale of the 51.50 general ad
mission seats will end at the BAC
tonight at 5.
Both student and general ad
mission tickets will be available
at the Cow Palace both evenings.
Student tickets cost 50 cents.
