# Service Stars
## 
### 
Lieutenant A. F. Gartz, ex-'l7. is now
stationed at Americus, Ga., where he is
pursuit officer and in charge of all
training. Cadet W. L. Stewart. ex-'JI.
is training at the same held.
Lieutenant A. F. Gartz, ex-'l7. is now
stationed at Americus, Ga., where he is
pursuit officer and in charge of all
training. Cadet W. L. Stewart. ex-'JI.
is training at the same held.
Lieutenant A. F. Gartz, ex-'l7. is now
stationed at Americus, Ga., where he is
pursuit officer and in charge of all
training. Cadet W. L. Stewart. ex-'JI.
is training at the same held.
Lieutenant A. F. Gartz, ex-'l7. is now
stationed at Americus, Ga., where he is
pursuit officer and in charge of all
training. Cadet W. L. Stewart. ex-'JI.
is training at the same held.
Lieutenant A. F. Gartz, ex-'l7. is now
stationed at Americus, Ga., where he is
pursuit officer and in charge of all
training. Cadet W. L. Stewart. ex-'JI.
is training at the same held.
Lieutenant A. F. Gartz, ex-'l7. is now
stationed at Americus, Ga., where he is
pursuit officer and in charge of all
training. Cadet W. L. Stewart. ex-'JI.
is training at the same held.
Lieutenant A. F. Gartz, ex-'l7. is now
stationed at Americus, Ga., where he is
pursuit officer and in charge of all
training. Cadet W. L. Stewart. ex-'JI.
is training at the same held.
Lieutenant A. F. Gartz, ex-'l7. is now
stationed at Americus, Ga., where he is
pursuit officer and in charge of all
training. Cadet W. L. Stewart. ex-'JI.
is training at the same held.
Lieutenant A. F. Gartz, ex-'l7. is now
stationed at Americus, Ga., where he is
pursuit officer and in charge of all
training. Cadet W. L. Stewart. ex-'JI.
is training at the same held.
Lieutenant A. F. Gartz, ex-'l7. is now
stationed at Americus, Ga., where he is
pursuit officer and in charge of all
training. Cadet W. L. Stewart. ex-'JI.
is training at the same held.
Lieutenant A. F. Gartz, ex-'l7. is now
stationed at Americus, Ga., where he is
pursuit officer and in charge of all
training. Cadet W. L. Stewart. ex-'JI.
is training at the same held.
Lieutenant A. F. Gartz, ex-'l7. is now
stationed at Americus, Ga., where he is
pursuit officer and in charge of all
training. Cadet W. L. Stewart. ex-'JI.
is training at the same held.
Lieutenant A. F. Gartz, ex-'l7. is now
stationed at Americus, Ga., where he is
pursuit officer and in charge of all
training. Cadet W. L. Stewart. ex-'JI.
is training at the same held.
Lieutenant A. F. Gartz, ex-'l7. is now
stationed at Americus, Ga., where he is
pursuit officer and in charge of all
training. Cadet W. L. Stewart. ex-'JI.
is training at the same held.
Lieutenant A. F. Gartz, ex-'l7. is now
stationed at Americus, Ga., where he is
pursuit officer and in charge of all
training. Cadet W. L. Stewart. ex-'JI.
is training at the same held.
Lieutenant A. F. Gartz, ex-'l7. is now
stationed at Americus, Ga., where he is
pursuit officer and in charge of all
training. Cadet W. L. Stewart. ex-'JI.
is training at the same held.
