# "DOC" HAYES, FORMER PITCHER, TO WED
## 
### 
Announcements of an engagement
which came as a considerable surprise
to the campus were received yesterday,
telling of the engagement of "Doc"
Hayes. 17. now Lieutenant Allan Syd
ney Hayes, to Miss Lois Imelda de
Vilbiss, ex-'l5.
"Doc" Hayes is one of the best ball
players who ever played on a varsity
nine. He pitched on the 1917 varsity.
Hayes received his commission at the
officers' training camp at Camp Fre
mont and is now in Franpe. He is a
member of Zeta Psi.
Miss de \ ilbiss. who is a member of
Pi Beta Phi, was prominent in music
and dramatics when in college.
Announcements of an engagement
which came as a considerable surprise
to the campus were received yesterday,
telling of the engagement of "Doc"
Hayes. 17. now Lieutenant Allan Syd
ney Hayes, to Miss Lois Imelda de
Vilbiss, ex-'l5.
"Doc" Hayes is one of the best ball
players who ever played on a varsity
nine. He pitched on the 1917 varsity.
Hayes received his commission at the
officers' training camp at Camp Fre
mont and is now in Franpe. He is a
member of Zeta Psi.
Miss de \ ilbiss. who is a member of
Pi Beta Phi, was prominent in music
and dramatics when in college.
Announcements of an engagement
which came as a considerable surprise
to the campus were received yesterday,
telling of the engagement of "Doc"
Hayes. 17. now Lieutenant Allan Syd
ney Hayes, to Miss Lois Imelda de
Vilbiss, ex-'l5.
"Doc" Hayes is one of the best ball
players who ever played on a varsity
nine. He pitched on the 1917 varsity.
Hayes received his commission at the
officers' training camp at Camp Fre
mont and is now in Franpe. He is a
member of Zeta Psi.
Miss de \ ilbiss. who is a member of
Pi Beta Phi, was prominent in music
and dramatics when in college.
Announcements of an engagement
which came as a considerable surprise
to the campus were received yesterday,
telling of the engagement of "Doc"
Hayes. 17. now Lieutenant Allan Syd
ney Hayes, to Miss Lois Imelda de
Vilbiss, ex-'l5.
"Doc" Hayes is one of the best ball
players who ever played on a varsity
nine. He pitched on the 1917 varsity.
Hayes received his commission at the
officers' training camp at Camp Fre
mont and is now in Franpe. He is a
member of Zeta Psi.
Miss de \ ilbiss. who is a member of
Pi Beta Phi, was prominent in music
and dramatics when in college.
Announcements of an engagement
which came as a considerable surprise
to the campus were received yesterday,
telling of the engagement of "Doc"
Hayes. 17. now Lieutenant Allan Syd
ney Hayes, to Miss Lois Imelda de
Vilbiss, ex-'l5.
"Doc" Hayes is one of the best ball
players who ever played on a varsity
nine. He pitched on the 1917 varsity.
Hayes received his commission at the
officers' training camp at Camp Fre
mont and is now in Franpe. He is a
member of Zeta Psi.
Miss de \ ilbiss. who is a member of
Pi Beta Phi, was prominent in music
and dramatics when in college.
Announcements of an engagement
which came as a considerable surprise
to the campus were received yesterday,
telling of the engagement of "Doc"
Hayes. 17. now Lieutenant Allan Syd
ney Hayes, to Miss Lois Imelda de
Vilbiss, ex-'l5.
"Doc" Hayes is one of the best ball
players who ever played on a varsity
nine. He pitched on the 1917 varsity.
Hayes received his commission at the
officers' training camp at Camp Fre
mont and is now in Franpe. He is a
member of Zeta Psi.
Miss de \ ilbiss. who is a member of
Pi Beta Phi, was prominent in music
and dramatics when in college.
Announcements of an engagement
which came as a considerable surprise
to the campus were received yesterday,
telling of the engagement of "Doc"
Hayes. 17. now Lieutenant Allan Syd
ney Hayes, to Miss Lois Imelda de
Vilbiss, ex-'l5.
"Doc" Hayes is one of the best ball
players who ever played on a varsity
nine. He pitched on the 1917 varsity.
Hayes received his commission at the
officers' training camp at Camp Fre
mont and is now in Franpe. He is a
member of Zeta Psi.
Miss de \ ilbiss. who is a member of
Pi Beta Phi, was prominent in music
and dramatics when in college.
Announcements of an engagement
which came as a considerable surprise
to the campus were received yesterday,
telling of the engagement of "Doc"
Hayes. 17. now Lieutenant Allan Syd
ney Hayes, to Miss Lois Imelda de
Vilbiss, ex-'l5.
"Doc" Hayes is one of the best ball
players who ever played on a varsity
nine. He pitched on the 1917 varsity.
Hayes received his commission at the
officers' training camp at Camp Fre
mont and is now in Franpe. He is a
member of Zeta Psi.
Miss de \ ilbiss. who is a member of
Pi Beta Phi, was prominent in music
and dramatics when in college.
Announcements of an engagement
which came as a considerable surprise
to the campus were received yesterday,
telling of the engagement of "Doc"
Hayes. 17. now Lieutenant Allan Syd
ney Hayes, to Miss Lois Imelda de
Vilbiss, ex-'l5.
"Doc" Hayes is one of the best ball
players who ever played on a varsity
nine. He pitched on the 1917 varsity.
Hayes received his commission at the
officers' training camp at Camp Fre
mont and is now in Franpe. He is a
member of Zeta Psi.
Miss de \ ilbiss. who is a member of
Pi Beta Phi, was prominent in music
and dramatics when in college.
Announcements of an engagement
which came as a considerable surprise
to the campus were received yesterday,
telling of the engagement of "Doc"
Hayes. 17. now Lieutenant Allan Syd
ney Hayes, to Miss Lois Imelda de
Vilbiss, ex-'l5.
"Doc" Hayes is one of the best ball
players who ever played on a varsity
nine. He pitched on the 1917 varsity.
Hayes received his commission at the
officers' training camp at Camp Fre
mont and is now in Franpe. He is a
member of Zeta Psi.
Miss de \ ilbiss. who is a member of
Pi Beta Phi, was prominent in music
and dramatics when in college.
Announcements of an engagement
which came as a considerable surprise
to the campus were received yesterday,
telling of the engagement of "Doc"
Hayes. 17. now Lieutenant Allan Syd
ney Hayes, to Miss Lois Imelda de
Vilbiss, ex-'l5.
"Doc" Hayes is one of the best ball
players who ever played on a varsity
nine. He pitched on the 1917 varsity.
Hayes received his commission at the
officers' training camp at Camp Fre
mont and is now in Franpe. He is a
member of Zeta Psi.
Miss de \ ilbiss. who is a member of
Pi Beta Phi, was prominent in music
and dramatics when in college.
Announcements of an engagement
which came as a considerable surprise
to the campus were received yesterday,
telling of the engagement of "Doc"
Hayes. 17. now Lieutenant Allan Syd
ney Hayes, to Miss Lois Imelda de
Vilbiss, ex-'l5.
"Doc" Hayes is one of the best ball
players who ever played on a varsity
nine. He pitched on the 1917 varsity.
Hayes received his commission at the
officers' training camp at Camp Fre
mont and is now in Franpe. He is a
member of Zeta Psi.
Miss de \ ilbiss. who is a member of
Pi Beta Phi, was prominent in music
and dramatics when in college.
Announcements of an engagement
which came as a considerable surprise
to the campus were received yesterday,
telling of the engagement of "Doc"
Hayes. 17. now Lieutenant Allan Syd
ney Hayes, to Miss Lois Imelda de
Vilbiss, ex-'l5.
"Doc" Hayes is one of the best ball
players who ever played on a varsity
nine. He pitched on the 1917 varsity.
Hayes received his commission at the
officers' training camp at Camp Fre
mont and is now in Franpe. He is a
member of Zeta Psi.
Miss de \ ilbiss. who is a member of
Pi Beta Phi, was prominent in music
and dramatics when in college.
Announcements of an engagement
which came as a considerable surprise
to the campus were received yesterday,
telling of the engagement of "Doc"
Hayes. 17. now Lieutenant Allan Syd
ney Hayes, to Miss Lois Imelda de
Vilbiss, ex-'l5.
"Doc" Hayes is one of the best ball
players who ever played on a varsity
nine. He pitched on the 1917 varsity.
Hayes received his commission at the
officers' training camp at Camp Fre
mont and is now in Franpe. He is a
member of Zeta Psi.
Miss de \ ilbiss. who is a member of
Pi Beta Phi, was prominent in music
and dramatics when in college.
Announcements of an engagement
which came as a considerable surprise
to the campus were received yesterday,
telling of the engagement of "Doc"
Hayes. 17. now Lieutenant Allan Syd
ney Hayes, to Miss Lois Imelda de
Vilbiss, ex-'l5.
"Doc" Hayes is one of the best ball
players who ever played on a varsity
nine. He pitched on the 1917 varsity.
Hayes received his commission at the
officers' training camp at Camp Fre
mont and is now in Franpe. He is a
member of Zeta Psi.
Miss de \ ilbiss. who is a member of
Pi Beta Phi, was prominent in music
and dramatics when in college.
Announcements of an engagement
which came as a considerable surprise
to the campus were received yesterday,
telling of the engagement of "Doc"
Hayes. 17. now Lieutenant Allan Syd
ney Hayes, to Miss Lois Imelda de
Vilbiss, ex-'l5.
"Doc" Hayes is one of the best ball
players who ever played on a varsity
nine. He pitched on the 1917 varsity.
Hayes received his commission at the
officers' training camp at Camp Fre
mont and is now in Franpe. He is a
member of Zeta Psi.
Miss de \ ilbiss. who is a member of
Pi Beta Phi, was prominent in music
and dramatics when in college.
