# Political coverage
## 
### 
All national, state and local
political groups who wish to
publicize meetings, events
and speakers should do so
through either the OATQ
column or Daily advertise
ments. Because of the vast
number of political events
they can not be guaranteed
space in the Daily except in
the two above-mentioned
places. Notices of political
events will not be accepted
over the phone.
All national, state and local
political groups who wish to
publicize meetings, events
and speakers should do so
through either the OATQ
column or Daily advertise
ments. Because of the vast
number of political events
they can not be guaranteed
space in the Daily except in
the two above-mentioned
places. Notices of political
events will not be accepted
over the phone.
All national, state and local
political groups who wish to
publicize meetings, events
and speakers should do so
through either the OATQ
column or Daily advertise
ments. Because of the vast
number of political events
they can not be guaranteed
space in the Daily except in
the two above-mentioned
places. Notices of political
events will not be accepted
over the phone.
All national, state and local
political groups who wish to
publicize meetings, events
and speakers should do so
through either the OATQ
column or Daily advertise
ments. Because of the vast
number of political events
they can not be guaranteed
space in the Daily except in
the two above-mentioned
places. Notices of political
events will not be accepted
over the phone.
All national, state and local
political groups who wish to
publicize meetings, events
and speakers should do so
through either the OATQ
column or Daily advertise
ments. Because of the vast
number of political events
they can not be guaranteed
space in the Daily except in
the two above-mentioned
places. Notices of political
events will not be accepted
over the phone.
All national, state and local
political groups who wish to
publicize meetings, events
and speakers should do so
through either the OATQ
column or Daily advertise
ments. Because of the vast
number of political events
they can not be guaranteed
space in the Daily except in
the two above-mentioned
places. Notices of political
events will not be accepted
over the phone.
All national, state and local
political groups who wish to
publicize meetings, events
and speakers should do so
through either the OATQ
column or Daily advertise
ments. Because of the vast
number of political events
they can not be guaranteed
space in the Daily except in
the two above-mentioned
places. Notices of political
events will not be accepted
over the phone.
All national, state and local
political groups who wish to
publicize meetings, events
and speakers should do so
through either the OATQ
column or Daily advertise
ments. Because of the vast
number of political events
they can not be guaranteed
space in the Daily except in
the two above-mentioned
places. Notices of political
events will not be accepted
over the phone.
All national, state and local
political groups who wish to
publicize meetings, events
and speakers should do so
through either the OATQ
column or Daily advertise
ments. Because of the vast
number of political events
they can not be guaranteed
space in the Daily except in
the two above-mentioned
places. Notices of political
events will not be accepted
over the phone.
All national, state and local
political groups who wish to
publicize meetings, events
and speakers should do so
through either the OATQ
column or Daily advertise
ments. Because of the vast
number of political events
they can not be guaranteed
space in the Daily except in
the two above-mentioned
places. Notices of political
events will not be accepted
over the phone.
All national, state and local
political groups who wish to
publicize meetings, events
and speakers should do so
through either the OATQ
column or Daily advertise
ments. Because of the vast
number of political events
they can not be guaranteed
space in the Daily except in
the two above-mentioned
places. Notices of political
events will not be accepted
over the phone.
All national, state and local
political groups who wish to
publicize meetings, events
and speakers should do so
through either the OATQ
column or Daily advertise
ments. Because of the vast
number of political events
they can not be guaranteed
space in the Daily except in
the two above-mentioned
places. Notices of political
events will not be accepted
over the phone.
All national, state and local
political groups who wish to
publicize meetings, events
and speakers should do so
through either the OATQ
column or Daily advertise
ments. Because of the vast
number of political events
they can not be guaranteed
space in the Daily except in
the two above-mentioned
places. Notices of political
events will not be accepted
over the phone.
All national, state and local
political groups who wish to
publicize meetings, events
and speakers should do so
through either the OATQ
column or Daily advertise
ments. Because of the vast
number of political events
they can not be guaranteed
space in the Daily except in
the two above-mentioned
places. Notices of political
events will not be accepted
over the phone.
All national, state and local
political groups who wish to
publicize meetings, events
and speakers should do so
through either the OATQ
column or Daily advertise
ments. Because of the vast
number of political events
they can not be guaranteed
space in the Daily except in
the two above-mentioned
places. Notices of political
events will not be accepted
over the phone.
