# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The opportunity for discussing
our debating interests that will he
afforded at the meeting which has
been called for next Saturday night
should not be lost sight of by any
of those who hope for the best re
sults in Stanford debating. Our
system has been improved very
much during the past two or three
years, yet our success will not be
greatest unless wecontinue advanc
ing and make the most of every
chance to improve. Some of those
who have been most active in de
bating this year feel that a change
for the better can he made in at
least one or two directions if this
is possible, we should lose no time
in making the changes. We shall
await the results of the meeting
Saturday night with interest.
