# 0. A. C. NINE TO TOUR SOUTH NEXT MONTH
## 
### 
The Oregon Agricultural College
intends to send its varsity baseball
team south for a series of games,
some time in March, according to a
recent announcement.
According to present plans, the
Aggies will play thte Sacramento
Pacific Coast League team on March
21 and 22, the San Francisco Coast
League team at Monterey, March 23,
and 24, March 30 and 31, and the Uni
versity of California at Berkeley on
April 1 and 2.
Attempts are also being made to
arrange a game with the Portland
Coast League Club.
The Oregon Agricultural College
intends to send its varsity baseball
team south for a series of games,
some time in March, according to a
recent announcement.
According to present plans, the
Aggies will play thte Sacramento
Pacific Coast League team on March
21 and 22, the San Francisco Coast
League team at Monterey, March 23,
and 24, March 30 and 31, and the Uni
versity of California at Berkeley on
April 1 and 2.
Attempts are also being made to
arrange a game with the Portland
Coast League Club.
The Oregon Agricultural College
intends to send its varsity baseball
team south for a series of games,
some time in March, according to a
recent announcement.
According to present plans, the
Aggies will play thte Sacramento
Pacific Coast League team on March
21 and 22, the San Francisco Coast
League team at Monterey, March 23,
and 24, March 30 and 31, and the Uni
versity of California at Berkeley on
April 1 and 2.
Attempts are also being made to
arrange a game with the Portland
Coast League Club.
The Oregon Agricultural College
intends to send its varsity baseball
team south for a series of games,
some time in March, according to a
recent announcement.
According to present plans, the
Aggies will play thte Sacramento
Pacific Coast League team on March
21 and 22, the San Francisco Coast
League team at Monterey, March 23,
and 24, March 30 and 31, and the Uni
versity of California at Berkeley on
April 1 and 2.
Attempts are also being made to
arrange a game with the Portland
Coast League Club.
The Oregon Agricultural College
intends to send its varsity baseball
team south for a series of games,
some time in March, according to a
recent announcement.
According to present plans, the
Aggies will play thte Sacramento
Pacific Coast League team on March
21 and 22, the San Francisco Coast
League team at Monterey, March 23,
and 24, March 30 and 31, and the Uni
versity of California at Berkeley on
April 1 and 2.
Attempts are also being made to
arrange a game with the Portland
Coast League Club.
The Oregon Agricultural College
intends to send its varsity baseball
team south for a series of games,
some time in March, according to a
recent announcement.
According to present plans, the
Aggies will play thte Sacramento
Pacific Coast League team on March
21 and 22, the San Francisco Coast
League team at Monterey, March 23,
and 24, March 30 and 31, and the Uni
versity of California at Berkeley on
April 1 and 2.
Attempts are also being made to
arrange a game with the Portland
Coast League Club.
The Oregon Agricultural College
intends to send its varsity baseball
team south for a series of games,
some time in March, according to a
recent announcement.
According to present plans, the
Aggies will play thte Sacramento
Pacific Coast League team on March
21 and 22, the San Francisco Coast
League team at Monterey, March 23,
and 24, March 30 and 31, and the Uni
versity of California at Berkeley on
April 1 and 2.
Attempts are also being made to
arrange a game with the Portland
Coast League Club.
The Oregon Agricultural College
intends to send its varsity baseball
team south for a series of games,
some time in March, according to a
recent announcement.
According to present plans, the
Aggies will play thte Sacramento
Pacific Coast League team on March
21 and 22, the San Francisco Coast
League team at Monterey, March 23,
and 24, March 30 and 31, and the Uni
versity of California at Berkeley on
April 1 and 2.
Attempts are also being made to
arrange a game with the Portland
Coast League Club.
The Oregon Agricultural College
intends to send its varsity baseball
team south for a series of games,
some time in March, according to a
recent announcement.
According to present plans, the
Aggies will play thte Sacramento
Pacific Coast League team on March
21 and 22, the San Francisco Coast
League team at Monterey, March 23,
and 24, March 30 and 31, and the Uni
versity of California at Berkeley on
April 1 and 2.
Attempts are also being made to
arrange a game with the Portland
Coast League Club.
The Oregon Agricultural College
intends to send its varsity baseball
team south for a series of games,
some time in March, according to a
recent announcement.
According to present plans, the
Aggies will play thte Sacramento
Pacific Coast League team on March
21 and 22, the San Francisco Coast
League team at Monterey, March 23,
and 24, March 30 and 31, and the Uni
versity of California at Berkeley on
April 1 and 2.
Attempts are also being made to
arrange a game with the Portland
Coast League Club.
The Oregon Agricultural College
intends to send its varsity baseball
team south for a series of games,
some time in March, according to a
recent announcement.
According to present plans, the
Aggies will play thte Sacramento
Pacific Coast League team on March
21 and 22, the San Francisco Coast
League team at Monterey, March 23,
and 24, March 30 and 31, and the Uni
versity of California at Berkeley on
April 1 and 2.
Attempts are also being made to
arrange a game with the Portland
Coast League Club.
The Oregon Agricultural College
intends to send its varsity baseball
team south for a series of games,
some time in March, according to a
recent announcement.
According to present plans, the
Aggies will play thte Sacramento
Pacific Coast League team on March
21 and 22, the San Francisco Coast
League team at Monterey, March 23,
and 24, March 30 and 31, and the Uni
versity of California at Berkeley on
April 1 and 2.
Attempts are also being made to
arrange a game with the Portland
Coast League Club.
The Oregon Agricultural College
intends to send its varsity baseball
team south for a series of games,
some time in March, according to a
recent announcement.
According to present plans, the
Aggies will play thte Sacramento
Pacific Coast League team on March
21 and 22, the San Francisco Coast
League team at Monterey, March 23,
and 24, March 30 and 31, and the Uni
versity of California at Berkeley on
April 1 and 2.
Attempts are also being made to
arrange a game with the Portland
Coast League Club.
