# STATISTICS SHOW AN INCREASE IN HEIGHT OF COLLEGE WOMEN
## 
### 
Confirming the popular belief that
seems to be prevalent that women are
increasing in size, Dr. Celia Duel
Mosher, Assistant Professor of Person
j al Hygiene at Stanford, has recently
! written an article published in the
California State Journal of Medicine
for February, 1921, showing statistics
which prove an increase of 1.5" in
height of college women during the
last thirty years. The figures were
taken from the physical -examinations
of 4,023 women made upon their ent
rance into the university. Thus the
group is* more nearly the fair example
of tlie population at large rather than
of the more limited class who have
had the benefit of university train
ing. Also, the romantic story of the
founding of Stanford gave its opening
in 1891 a very wide publicity and at
tracted not only students from Cali
fornia but from the middle west and
east, both north and south. This fact
has enable Dr. Wosher to make esti
mates of Californians and non-Cali
fornians as to height, weight and age,
thereby drawing the conclusions that
both have increased in weight and
height and have decreased in the aver
age age.
This physical improvement in the
average American girl, Dr. Mosher,
ascribes mainly to Jthe two factors:
The change in fashions, causing wo
men to wear clothing which interferes
less with hygiene, and the increased
physical activity among women, which
has been brought about by this
change in dress and by the develop
ment of physical training and sports
in schools and colleges and the
change in the conventional attitude
toward these activities for women.
This investigation will be continued
by Dr. Mosher and is arousing great
interest on the subject as a matter of
scientific study.
Confirming the popular belief that
seems to be prevalent that women are
increasing in size, Dr. Celia Duel
Mosher, Assistant Professor of Person
j al Hygiene at Stanford, has recently
! written an article published in the
California State Journal of Medicine
for February, 1921, showing statistics
which prove an increase of 1.5" in
height of college women during the
last thirty years. The figures were
taken from the physical -examinations
of 4,023 women made upon their ent
rance into the university. Thus the
group is* more nearly the fair example
of tlie population at large rather than
of the more limited class who have
had the benefit of university train
ing. Also, the romantic story of the
founding of Stanford gave its opening
in 1891 a very wide publicity and at
tracted not only students from Cali
fornia but from the middle west and
east, both north and south. This fact
has enable Dr. Wosher to make esti
mates of Californians and non-Cali
fornians as to height, weight and age,
thereby drawing the conclusions that
both have increased in weight and
height and have decreased in the aver
age age.
This physical improvement in the
average American girl, Dr. Mosher,
ascribes mainly to Jthe two factors:
The change in fashions, causing wo
men to wear clothing which interferes
less with hygiene, and the increased
physical activity among women, which
has been brought about by this
change in dress and by the develop
ment of physical training and sports
in schools and colleges and the
change in the conventional attitude
toward these activities for women.
This investigation will be continued
by Dr. Mosher and is arousing great
interest on the subject as a matter of
scientific study.
Confirming the popular belief that
seems to be prevalent that women are
increasing in size, Dr. Celia Duel
Mosher, Assistant Professor of Person
j al Hygiene at Stanford, has recently
! written an article published in the
California State Journal of Medicine
for February, 1921, showing statistics
which prove an increase of 1.5" in
height of college women during the
last thirty years. The figures were
taken from the physical -examinations
of 4,023 women made upon their ent
rance into the university. Thus the
group is* more nearly the fair example
of tlie population at large rather than
of the more limited class who have
had the benefit of university train
ing. Also, the romantic story of the
founding of Stanford gave its opening
in 1891 a very wide publicity and at
tracted not only students from Cali
fornia but from the middle west and
east, both north and south. This fact
has enable Dr. Wosher to make esti
mates of Californians and non-Cali
fornians as to height, weight and age,
thereby drawing the conclusions that
both have increased in weight and
height and have decreased in the aver
age age.
This physical improvement in the
average American girl, Dr. Mosher,
ascribes mainly to Jthe two factors:
The change in fashions, causing wo
men to wear clothing which interferes
less with hygiene, and the increased
physical activity among women, which
has been brought about by this
change in dress and by the develop
ment of physical training and sports
in schools and colleges and the
change in the conventional attitude
toward these activities for women.
This investigation will be continued
by Dr. Mosher and is arousing great
interest on the subject as a matter of
scientific study.
Confirming the popular belief that
seems to be prevalent that women are
increasing in size, Dr. Celia Duel
Mosher, Assistant Professor of Person
j al Hygiene at Stanford, has recently
! written an article published in the
California State Journal of Medicine
for February, 1921, showing statistics
which prove an increase of 1.5" in
height of college women during the
last thirty years. The figures were
taken from the physical -examinations
of 4,023 women made upon their ent
rance into the university. Thus the
group is* more nearly the fair example
of tlie population at large rather than
of the more limited class who have
had the benefit of university train
ing. Also, the romantic story of the
founding of Stanford gave its opening
in 1891 a very wide publicity and at
tracted not only students from Cali
fornia but from the middle west and
east, both north and south. This fact
has enable Dr. Wosher to make esti
mates of Californians and non-Cali
fornians as to height, weight and age,
thereby drawing the conclusions that
both have increased in weight and
height and have decreased in the aver
age age.
This physical improvement in the
average American girl, Dr. Mosher,
ascribes mainly to Jthe two factors:
The change in fashions, causing wo
men to wear clothing which interferes
less with hygiene, and the increased
physical activity among women, which
has been brought about by this
change in dress and by the develop
ment of physical training and sports
in schools and colleges and the
change in the conventional attitude
toward these activities for women.
This investigation will be continued
by Dr. Mosher and is arousing great
interest on the subject as a matter of
scientific study.
Confirming the popular belief that
seems to be prevalent that women are
increasing in size, Dr. Celia Duel
Mosher, Assistant Professor of Person
j al Hygiene at Stanford, has recently
! written an article published in the
California State Journal of Medicine
for February, 1921, showing statistics
which prove an increase of 1.5" in
height of college women during the
last thirty years. The figures were
taken from the physical -examinations
of 4,023 women made upon their ent
rance into the university. Thus the
group is* more nearly the fair example
of tlie population at large rather than
of the more limited class who have
had the benefit of university train
ing. Also, the romantic story of the
founding of Stanford gave its opening
in 1891 a very wide publicity and at
tracted not only students from Cali
fornia but from the middle west and
east, both north and south. This fact
has enable Dr. Wosher to make esti
mates of Californians and non-Cali
fornians as to height, weight and age,
thereby drawing the conclusions that
both have increased in weight and
height and have decreased in the aver
age age.
This physical improvement in the
average American girl, Dr. Mosher,
ascribes mainly to Jthe two factors:
The change in fashions, causing wo
men to wear clothing which interferes
less with hygiene, and the increased
physical activity among women, which
has been brought about by this
change in dress and by the develop
ment of physical training and sports
in schools and colleges and the
change in the conventional attitude
toward these activities for women.
This investigation will be continued
by Dr. Mosher and is arousing great
interest on the subject as a matter of
scientific study.
Confirming the popular belief that
seems to be prevalent that women are
increasing in size, Dr. Celia Duel
Mosher, Assistant Professor of Person
j al Hygiene at Stanford, has recently
! written an article published in the
California State Journal of Medicine
for February, 1921, showing statistics
which prove an increase of 1.5" in
height of college women during the
last thirty years. The figures were
taken from the physical -examinations
of 4,023 women made upon their ent
rance into the university. Thus the
group is* more nearly the fair example
of tlie population at large rather than
of the more limited class who have
had the benefit of university train
ing. Also, the romantic story of the
founding of Stanford gave its opening
in 1891 a very wide publicity and at
tracted not only students from Cali
fornia but from the middle west and
east, both north and south. This fact
has enable Dr. Wosher to make esti
mates of Californians and non-Cali
fornians as to height, weight and age,
thereby drawing the conclusions that
both have increased in weight and
height and have decreased in the aver
age age.
This physical improvement in the
average American girl, Dr. Mosher,
ascribes mainly to Jthe two factors:
The change in fashions, causing wo
men to wear clothing which interferes
less with hygiene, and the increased
physical activity among women, which
has been brought about by this
change in dress and by the develop
ment of physical training and sports
in schools and colleges and the
change in the conventional attitude
toward these activities for women.
This investigation will be continued
by Dr. Mosher and is arousing great
interest on the subject as a matter of
scientific study.
Confirming the popular belief that
seems to be prevalent that women are
increasing in size, Dr. Celia Duel
Mosher, Assistant Professor of Person
j al Hygiene at Stanford, has recently
! written an article published in the
California State Journal of Medicine
for February, 1921, showing statistics
which prove an increase of 1.5" in
height of college women during the
last thirty years. The figures were
taken from the physical -examinations
of 4,023 women made upon their ent
rance into the university. Thus the
group is* more nearly the fair example
of tlie population at large rather than
of the more limited class who have
had the benefit of university train
ing. Also, the romantic story of the
founding of Stanford gave its opening
in 1891 a very wide publicity and at
tracted not only students from Cali
fornia but from the middle west and
east, both north and south. This fact
has enable Dr. Wosher to make esti
mates of Californians and non-Cali
fornians as to height, weight and age,
thereby drawing the conclusions that
both have increased in weight and
height and have decreased in the aver
age age.
This physical improvement in the
average American girl, Dr. Mosher,
ascribes mainly to Jthe two factors:
The change in fashions, causing wo
men to wear clothing which interferes
less with hygiene, and the increased
physical activity among women, which
has been brought about by this
change in dress and by the develop
ment of physical training and sports
in schools and colleges and the
change in the conventional attitude
toward these activities for women.
This investigation will be continued
by Dr. Mosher and is arousing great
interest on the subject as a matter of
scientific study.
Confirming the popular belief that
seems to be prevalent that women are
increasing in size, Dr. Celia Duel
Mosher, Assistant Professor of Person
j al Hygiene at Stanford, has recently
! written an article published in the
California State Journal of Medicine
for February, 1921, showing statistics
which prove an increase of 1.5" in
height of college women during the
last thirty years. The figures were
taken from the physical -examinations
of 4,023 women made upon their ent
rance into the university. Thus the
group is* more nearly the fair example
of tlie population at large rather than
of the more limited class who have
had the benefit of university train
ing. Also, the romantic story of the
founding of Stanford gave its opening
in 1891 a very wide publicity and at
tracted not only students from Cali
fornia but from the middle west and
east, both north and south. This fact
has enable Dr. Wosher to make esti
mates of Californians and non-Cali
fornians as to height, weight and age,
thereby drawing the conclusions that
both have increased in weight and
height and have decreased in the aver
age age.
This physical improvement in the
average American girl, Dr. Mosher,
ascribes mainly to Jthe two factors:
The change in fashions, causing wo
men to wear clothing which interferes
less with hygiene, and the increased
physical activity among women, which
has been brought about by this
change in dress and by the develop
ment of physical training and sports
in schools and colleges and the
change in the conventional attitude
toward these activities for women.
This investigation will be continued
by Dr. Mosher and is arousing great
interest on the subject as a matter of
scientific study.
Confirming the popular belief that
seems to be prevalent that women are
increasing in size, Dr. Celia Duel
Mosher, Assistant Professor of Person
j al Hygiene at Stanford, has recently
! written an article published in the
California State Journal of Medicine
for February, 1921, showing statistics
which prove an increase of 1.5" in
height of college women during the
last thirty years. The figures were
taken from the physical -examinations
of 4,023 women made upon their ent
rance into the university. Thus the
group is* more nearly the fair example
of tlie population at large rather than
of the more limited class who have
had the benefit of university train
ing. Also, the romantic story of the
founding of Stanford gave its opening
in 1891 a very wide publicity and at
tracted not only students from Cali
fornia but from the middle west and
east, both north and south. This fact
has enable Dr. Wosher to make esti
mates of Californians and non-Cali
fornians as to height, weight and age,
thereby drawing the conclusions that
both have increased in weight and
height and have decreased in the aver
age age.
This physical improvement in the
average American girl, Dr. Mosher,
ascribes mainly to Jthe two factors:
The change in fashions, causing wo
men to wear clothing which interferes
less with hygiene, and the increased
physical activity among women, which
has been brought about by this
change in dress and by the develop
ment of physical training and sports
in schools and colleges and the
change in the conventional attitude
toward these activities for women.
This investigation will be continued
by Dr. Mosher and is arousing great
interest on the subject as a matter of
scientific study.
Confirming the popular belief that
seems to be prevalent that women are
increasing in size, Dr. Celia Duel
Mosher, Assistant Professor of Person
j al Hygiene at Stanford, has recently
! written an article published in the
California State Journal of Medicine
for February, 1921, showing statistics
which prove an increase of 1.5" in
height of college women during the
last thirty years. The figures were
taken from the physical -examinations
of 4,023 women made upon their ent
rance into the university. Thus the
group is* more nearly the fair example
of tlie population at large rather than
of the more limited class who have
had the benefit of university train
ing. Also, the romantic story of the
founding of Stanford gave its opening
in 1891 a very wide publicity and at
tracted not only students from Cali
fornia but from the middle west and
east, both north and south. This fact
has enable Dr. Wosher to make esti
mates of Californians and non-Cali
fornians as to height, weight and age,
thereby drawing the conclusions that
both have increased in weight and
height and have decreased in the aver
age age.
This physical improvement in the
average American girl, Dr. Mosher,
ascribes mainly to Jthe two factors:
The change in fashions, causing wo
men to wear clothing which interferes
less with hygiene, and the increased
physical activity among women, which
has been brought about by this
change in dress and by the develop
ment of physical training and sports
in schools and colleges and the
change in the conventional attitude
toward these activities for women.
This investigation will be continued
by Dr. Mosher and is arousing great
interest on the subject as a matter of
scientific study.
Confirming the popular belief that
seems to be prevalent that women are
increasing in size, Dr. Celia Duel
Mosher, Assistant Professor of Person
j al Hygiene at Stanford, has recently
! written an article published in the
California State Journal of Medicine
for February, 1921, showing statistics
which prove an increase of 1.5" in
height of college women during the
last thirty years. The figures were
taken from the physical -examinations
of 4,023 women made upon their ent
rance into the university. Thus the
group is* more nearly the fair example
of tlie population at large rather than
of the more limited class who have
had the benefit of university train
ing. Also, the romantic story of the
founding of Stanford gave its opening
in 1891 a very wide publicity and at
tracted not only students from Cali
fornia but from the middle west and
east, both north and south. This fact
has enable Dr. Wosher to make esti
mates of Californians and non-Cali
fornians as to height, weight and age,
thereby drawing the conclusions that
both have increased in weight and
height and have decreased in the aver
age age.
This physical improvement in the
average American girl, Dr. Mosher,
ascribes mainly to Jthe two factors:
The change in fashions, causing wo
men to wear clothing which interferes
less with hygiene, and the increased
physical activity among women, which
has been brought about by this
change in dress and by the develop
ment of physical training and sports
in schools and colleges and the
change in the conventional attitude
toward these activities for women.
This investigation will be continued
by Dr. Mosher and is arousing great
interest on the subject as a matter of
scientific study.
Confirming the popular belief that
seems to be prevalent that women are
increasing in size, Dr. Celia Duel
Mosher, Assistant Professor of Person
j al Hygiene at Stanford, has recently
! written an article published in the
California State Journal of Medicine
for February, 1921, showing statistics
which prove an increase of 1.5" in
height of college women during the
last thirty years. The figures were
taken from the physical -examinations
of 4,023 women made upon their ent
rance into the university. Thus the
group is* more nearly the fair example
of tlie population at large rather than
of the more limited class who have
had the benefit of university train
ing. Also, the romantic story of the
founding of Stanford gave its opening
in 1891 a very wide publicity and at
tracted not only students from Cali
fornia but from the middle west and
east, both north and south. This fact
has enable Dr. Wosher to make esti
mates of Californians and non-Cali
fornians as to height, weight and age,
thereby drawing the conclusions that
both have increased in weight and
height and have decreased in the aver
age age.
This physical improvement in the
average American girl, Dr. Mosher,
ascribes mainly to Jthe two factors:
The change in fashions, causing wo
men to wear clothing which interferes
less with hygiene, and the increased
physical activity among women, which
has been brought about by this
change in dress and by the develop
ment of physical training and sports
in schools and colleges and the
change in the conventional attitude
toward these activities for women.
This investigation will be continued
by Dr. Mosher and is arousing great
interest on the subject as a matter of
scientific study.
Confirming the popular belief that
seems to be prevalent that women are
increasing in size, Dr. Celia Duel
Mosher, Assistant Professor of Person
j al Hygiene at Stanford, has recently
! written an article published in the
California State Journal of Medicine
for February, 1921, showing statistics
which prove an increase of 1.5" in
height of college women during the
last thirty years. The figures were
taken from the physical -examinations
of 4,023 women made upon their ent
rance into the university. Thus the
group is* more nearly the fair example
of tlie population at large rather than
of the more limited class who have
had the benefit of university train
ing. Also, the romantic story of the
founding of Stanford gave its opening
in 1891 a very wide publicity and at
tracted not only students from Cali
fornia but from the middle west and
east, both north and south. This fact
has enable Dr. Wosher to make esti
mates of Californians and non-Cali
fornians as to height, weight and age,
thereby drawing the conclusions that
both have increased in weight and
height and have decreased in the aver
age age.
This physical improvement in the
average American girl, Dr. Mosher,
ascribes mainly to Jthe two factors:
The change in fashions, causing wo
men to wear clothing which interferes
less with hygiene, and the increased
physical activity among women, which
has been brought about by this
change in dress and by the develop
ment of physical training and sports
in schools and colleges and the
change in the conventional attitude
toward these activities for women.
This investigation will be continued
by Dr. Mosher and is arousing great
interest on the subject as a matter of
scientific study.
