# SHIFTS DOUBLED
## 
### 
Double shifts have been placed on
Shasta Dam to bring the world's
second-largest dam to completion as
soon as possible. The dam. when
completed, will supply five 75,000-
kilowatt generators with power.
Double shifts have been placed on
Shasta Dam to bring the world's
second-largest dam to completion as
soon as possible. The dam. when
completed, will supply five 75,000-
kilowatt generators with power.
Double shifts have been placed on
Shasta Dam to bring the world's
second-largest dam to completion as
soon as possible. The dam. when
completed, will supply five 75,000-
kilowatt generators with power.
Double shifts have been placed on
Shasta Dam to bring the world's
second-largest dam to completion as
soon as possible. The dam. when
completed, will supply five 75,000-
kilowatt generators with power.
Double shifts have been placed on
Shasta Dam to bring the world's
second-largest dam to completion as
soon as possible. The dam. when
completed, will supply five 75,000-
kilowatt generators with power.
Double shifts have been placed on
Shasta Dam to bring the world's
second-largest dam to completion as
soon as possible. The dam. when
completed, will supply five 75,000-
kilowatt generators with power.
Double shifts have been placed on
Shasta Dam to bring the world's
second-largest dam to completion as
soon as possible. The dam. when
completed, will supply five 75,000-
kilowatt generators with power.
Double shifts have been placed on
Shasta Dam to bring the world's
second-largest dam to completion as
soon as possible. The dam. when
completed, will supply five 75,000-
kilowatt generators with power.
Double shifts have been placed on
Shasta Dam to bring the world's
second-largest dam to completion as
soon as possible. The dam. when
completed, will supply five 75,000-
kilowatt generators with power.
Double shifts have been placed on
Shasta Dam to bring the world's
second-largest dam to completion as
soon as possible. The dam. when
completed, will supply five 75,000-
kilowatt generators with power.
Double shifts have been placed on
Shasta Dam to bring the world's
second-largest dam to completion as
soon as possible. The dam. when
completed, will supply five 75,000-
kilowatt generators with power.
Double shifts have been placed on
Shasta Dam to bring the world's
second-largest dam to completion as
soon as possible. The dam. when
completed, will supply five 75,000-
kilowatt generators with power.
Double shifts have been placed on
Shasta Dam to bring the world's
second-largest dam to completion as
soon as possible. The dam. when
completed, will supply five 75,000-
kilowatt generators with power.
Double shifts have been placed on
Shasta Dam to bring the world's
second-largest dam to completion as
soon as possible. The dam. when
completed, will supply five 75,000-
kilowatt generators with power.
Double shifts have been placed on
Shasta Dam to bring the world's
second-largest dam to completion as
soon as possible. The dam. when
completed, will supply five 75,000-
kilowatt generators with power.
Double shifts have been placed on
Shasta Dam to bring the world's
second-largest dam to completion as
soon as possible. The dam. when
completed, will supply five 75,000-
kilowatt generators with power.
Double shifts have been placed on
Shasta Dam to bring the world's
second-largest dam to completion as
soon as possible. The dam. when
completed, will supply five 75,000-
kilowatt generators with power.
Double shifts have been placed on
Shasta Dam to bring the world's
second-largest dam to completion as
soon as possible. The dam. when
completed, will supply five 75,000-
kilowatt generators with power.
