# Tired Motorist Sleeps Through Stop Light
## 
### 
John Keegan, a solid citizen of
Norlh Tonawanda, N.Y., was entirely
too fatigued to go through a traffic
light. Keegan, while waiting for the
light to change, fell sound asleep,
only to he aroused by an alert pa
trolman, who promptly collared and
hauled him into court. The judge,
who has no trouble sleeping himself,
fined him $5.
John Keegan, a solid citizen of
Norlh Tonawanda, N.Y., was entirely
too fatigued to go through a traffic
light. Keegan, while waiting for the
light to change, fell sound asleep,
only to he aroused by an alert pa
trolman, who promptly collared and
hauled him into court. The judge,
who has no trouble sleeping himself,
fined him $5.
John Keegan, a solid citizen of
Norlh Tonawanda, N.Y., was entirely
too fatigued to go through a traffic
light. Keegan, while waiting for the
light to change, fell sound asleep,
only to he aroused by an alert pa
trolman, who promptly collared and
hauled him into court. The judge,
who has no trouble sleeping himself,
fined him $5.
John Keegan, a solid citizen of
Norlh Tonawanda, N.Y., was entirely
too fatigued to go through a traffic
light. Keegan, while waiting for the
light to change, fell sound asleep,
only to he aroused by an alert pa
trolman, who promptly collared and
hauled him into court. The judge,
who has no trouble sleeping himself,
fined him $5.
John Keegan, a solid citizen of
Norlh Tonawanda, N.Y., was entirely
too fatigued to go through a traffic
light. Keegan, while waiting for the
light to change, fell sound asleep,
only to he aroused by an alert pa
trolman, who promptly collared and
hauled him into court. The judge,
who has no trouble sleeping himself,
fined him $5.
John Keegan, a solid citizen of
Norlh Tonawanda, N.Y., was entirely
too fatigued to go through a traffic
light. Keegan, while waiting for the
light to change, fell sound asleep,
only to he aroused by an alert pa
trolman, who promptly collared and
hauled him into court. The judge,
who has no trouble sleeping himself,
fined him $5.
John Keegan, a solid citizen of
Norlh Tonawanda, N.Y., was entirely
too fatigued to go through a traffic
light. Keegan, while waiting for the
light to change, fell sound asleep,
only to he aroused by an alert pa
trolman, who promptly collared and
hauled him into court. The judge,
who has no trouble sleeping himself,
fined him $5.
John Keegan, a solid citizen of
Norlh Tonawanda, N.Y., was entirely
too fatigued to go through a traffic
light. Keegan, while waiting for the
light to change, fell sound asleep,
only to he aroused by an alert pa
trolman, who promptly collared and
hauled him into court. The judge,
who has no trouble sleeping himself,
fined him $5.
John Keegan, a solid citizen of
Norlh Tonawanda, N.Y., was entirely
too fatigued to go through a traffic
light. Keegan, while waiting for the
light to change, fell sound asleep,
only to he aroused by an alert pa
trolman, who promptly collared and
hauled him into court. The judge,
who has no trouble sleeping himself,
fined him $5.
John Keegan, a solid citizen of
Norlh Tonawanda, N.Y., was entirely
too fatigued to go through a traffic
light. Keegan, while waiting for the
light to change, fell sound asleep,
only to he aroused by an alert pa
trolman, who promptly collared and
hauled him into court. The judge,
who has no trouble sleeping himself,
fined him $5.
John Keegan, a solid citizen of
Norlh Tonawanda, N.Y., was entirely
too fatigued to go through a traffic
light. Keegan, while waiting for the
light to change, fell sound asleep,
only to he aroused by an alert pa
trolman, who promptly collared and
hauled him into court. The judge,
who has no trouble sleeping himself,
fined him $5.
John Keegan, a solid citizen of
Norlh Tonawanda, N.Y., was entirely
too fatigued to go through a traffic
light. Keegan, while waiting for the
light to change, fell sound asleep,
only to he aroused by an alert pa
trolman, who promptly collared and
hauled him into court. The judge,
who has no trouble sleeping himself,
fined him $5.
John Keegan, a solid citizen of
Norlh Tonawanda, N.Y., was entirely
too fatigued to go through a traffic
light. Keegan, while waiting for the
light to change, fell sound asleep,
only to he aroused by an alert pa
trolman, who promptly collared and
hauled him into court. The judge,
who has no trouble sleeping himself,
fined him $5.
John Keegan, a solid citizen of
Norlh Tonawanda, N.Y., was entirely
too fatigued to go through a traffic
light. Keegan, while waiting for the
light to change, fell sound asleep,
only to he aroused by an alert pa
trolman, who promptly collared and
hauled him into court. The judge,
who has no trouble sleeping himself,
fined him $5.
John Keegan, a solid citizen of
Norlh Tonawanda, N.Y., was entirely
too fatigued to go through a traffic
light. Keegan, while waiting for the
light to change, fell sound asleep,
only to he aroused by an alert pa
trolman, who promptly collared and
hauled him into court. The judge,
who has no trouble sleeping himself,
fined him $5.
John Keegan, a solid citizen of
Norlh Tonawanda, N.Y., was entirely
too fatigued to go through a traffic
light. Keegan, while waiting for the
light to change, fell sound asleep,
only to he aroused by an alert pa
trolman, who promptly collared and
hauled him into court. The judge,
who has no trouble sleeping himself,
fined him $5.
John Keegan, a solid citizen of
Norlh Tonawanda, N.Y., was entirely
too fatigued to go through a traffic
light. Keegan, while waiting for the
light to change, fell sound asleep,
only to he aroused by an alert pa
trolman, who promptly collared and
hauled him into court. The judge,
who has no trouble sleeping himself,
fined him $5.
John Keegan, a solid citizen of
Norlh Tonawanda, N.Y., was entirely
too fatigued to go through a traffic
light. Keegan, while waiting for the
light to change, fell sound asleep,
only to he aroused by an alert pa
trolman, who promptly collared and
hauled him into court. The judge,
who has no trouble sleeping himself,
fined him $5.
