# FARM CONEY ISLAND
## 
### 
Encina pools looked like Coney
Island beach on a torrid afternoon
yesterday as 98 (we counted 'em)
men turned out for the 4 p.m. swim
ming class.
Accident records show that the
thinking driver never drinks.
Encina pools looked like Coney
Island beach on a torrid afternoon
yesterday as 98 (we counted 'em)
men turned out for the 4 p.m. swim
ming class.
Accident records show that the
thinking driver never drinks.
Encina pools looked like Coney
Island beach on a torrid afternoon
yesterday as 98 (we counted 'em)
men turned out for the 4 p.m. swim
ming class.
Accident records show that the
thinking driver never drinks.
Encina pools looked like Coney
Island beach on a torrid afternoon
yesterday as 98 (we counted 'em)
men turned out for the 4 p.m. swim
ming class.
Accident records show that the
thinking driver never drinks.
Encina pools looked like Coney
Island beach on a torrid afternoon
yesterday as 98 (we counted 'em)
men turned out for the 4 p.m. swim
ming class.
Accident records show that the
thinking driver never drinks.
Encina pools looked like Coney
Island beach on a torrid afternoon
yesterday as 98 (we counted 'em)
men turned out for the 4 p.m. swim
ming class.
Accident records show that the
thinking driver never drinks.
Encina pools looked like Coney
Island beach on a torrid afternoon
yesterday as 98 (we counted 'em)
men turned out for the 4 p.m. swim
ming class.
Accident records show that the
thinking driver never drinks.
Encina pools looked like Coney
Island beach on a torrid afternoon
yesterday as 98 (we counted 'em)
men turned out for the 4 p.m. swim
ming class.
Accident records show that the
thinking driver never drinks.
Encina pools looked like Coney
Island beach on a torrid afternoon
yesterday as 98 (we counted 'em)
men turned out for the 4 p.m. swim
ming class.
Accident records show that the
thinking driver never drinks.
Encina pools looked like Coney
Island beach on a torrid afternoon
yesterday as 98 (we counted 'em)
men turned out for the 4 p.m. swim
ming class.
Accident records show that the
thinking driver never drinks.
Encina pools looked like Coney
Island beach on a torrid afternoon
yesterday as 98 (we counted 'em)
men turned out for the 4 p.m. swim
ming class.
Accident records show that the
thinking driver never drinks.
Encina pools looked like Coney
Island beach on a torrid afternoon
yesterday as 98 (we counted 'em)
men turned out for the 4 p.m. swim
ming class.
Accident records show that the
thinking driver never drinks.
Encina pools looked like Coney
Island beach on a torrid afternoon
yesterday as 98 (we counted 'em)
men turned out for the 4 p.m. swim
ming class.
Accident records show that the
thinking driver never drinks.
Encina pools looked like Coney
Island beach on a torrid afternoon
yesterday as 98 (we counted 'em)
men turned out for the 4 p.m. swim
ming class.
Accident records show that the
thinking driver never drinks.
Encina pools looked like Coney
Island beach on a torrid afternoon
yesterday as 98 (we counted 'em)
men turned out for the 4 p.m. swim
ming class.
Accident records show that the
thinking driver never drinks.
Encina pools looked like Coney
Island beach on a torrid afternoon
yesterday as 98 (we counted 'em)
men turned out for the 4 p.m. swim
ming class.
Accident records show that the
thinking driver never drinks.
Encina pools looked like Coney
Island beach on a torrid afternoon
yesterday as 98 (we counted 'em)
men turned out for the 4 p.m. swim
ming class.
Accident records show that the
thinking driver never drinks.
Encina pools looked like Coney
Island beach on a torrid afternoon
yesterday as 98 (we counted 'em)
men turned out for the 4 p.m. swim
ming class.
Accident records show that the
thinking driver never drinks.
