# "SARSAPARILLAS FOR ALL!"
## 
### 
Stanford's Inline as a progressive, liberal institution hung in the
balance last night as Dr. Kay Lyman Wilbur (left) and Almon E. Roth
met over a pot of pink tea to decide pressing problems of the Univer
sity. The joint decision reached was that the winds of freedom hadn't
better get too drafty.

Stanford's Inline as a progressive, liberal institution hung in the
balance last night as Dr. Kay Lyman Wilbur (left) and Almon E. Roth
met over a pot of pink tea to decide pressing problems of the Univer
sity. The joint decision reached was that the winds of freedom hadn't
better get too drafty.

Stanford's Inline as a progressive, liberal institution hung in the
balance last night as Dr. Kay Lyman Wilbur (left) and Almon E. Roth
met over a pot of pink tea to decide pressing problems of the Univer
sity. The joint decision reached was that the winds of freedom hadn't
better get too drafty.

Stanford's Inline as a progressive, liberal institution hung in the
balance last night as Dr. Kay Lyman Wilbur (left) and Almon E. Roth
met over a pot of pink tea to decide pressing problems of the Univer
sity. The joint decision reached was that the winds of freedom hadn't
better get too drafty.

Stanford's Inline as a progressive, liberal institution hung in the
balance last night as Dr. Kay Lyman Wilbur (left) and Almon E. Roth
met over a pot of pink tea to decide pressing problems of the Univer
sity. The joint decision reached was that the winds of freedom hadn't
better get too drafty.

Stanford's Inline as a progressive, liberal institution hung in the
balance last night as Dr. Kay Lyman Wilbur (left) and Almon E. Roth
met over a pot of pink tea to decide pressing problems of the Univer
sity. The joint decision reached was that the winds of freedom hadn't
better get too drafty.

Stanford's Inline as a progressive, liberal institution hung in the
balance last night as Dr. Kay Lyman Wilbur (left) and Almon E. Roth
met over a pot of pink tea to decide pressing problems of the Univer
sity. The joint decision reached was that the winds of freedom hadn't
better get too drafty.

Stanford's Inline as a progressive, liberal institution hung in the
balance last night as Dr. Kay Lyman Wilbur (left) and Almon E. Roth
met over a pot of pink tea to decide pressing problems of the Univer
sity. The joint decision reached was that the winds of freedom hadn't
better get too drafty.

Stanford's Inline as a progressive, liberal institution hung in the
balance last night as Dr. Kay Lyman Wilbur (left) and Almon E. Roth
met over a pot of pink tea to decide pressing problems of the Univer
sity. The joint decision reached was that the winds of freedom hadn't
better get too drafty.

Stanford's Inline as a progressive, liberal institution hung in the
balance last night as Dr. Kay Lyman Wilbur (left) and Almon E. Roth
met over a pot of pink tea to decide pressing problems of the Univer
sity. The joint decision reached was that the winds of freedom hadn't
better get too drafty.

Stanford's Inline as a progressive, liberal institution hung in the
balance last night as Dr. Kay Lyman Wilbur (left) and Almon E. Roth
met over a pot of pink tea to decide pressing problems of the Univer
sity. The joint decision reached was that the winds of freedom hadn't
better get too drafty.

Stanford's Inline as a progressive, liberal institution hung in the
balance last night as Dr. Kay Lyman Wilbur (left) and Almon E. Roth
met over a pot of pink tea to decide pressing problems of the Univer
sity. The joint decision reached was that the winds of freedom hadn't
better get too drafty.

Stanford's Inline as a progressive, liberal institution hung in the
balance last night as Dr. Kay Lyman Wilbur (left) and Almon E. Roth
met over a pot of pink tea to decide pressing problems of the Univer
sity. The joint decision reached was that the winds of freedom hadn't
better get too drafty.

Stanford's Inline as a progressive, liberal institution hung in the
balance last night as Dr. Kay Lyman Wilbur (left) and Almon E. Roth
met over a pot of pink tea to decide pressing problems of the Univer
sity. The joint decision reached was that the winds of freedom hadn't
better get too drafty.

