# World & Nation
## You may now kiss the bride 
### 

Reuters
One of the country's most eligible bachelors, John F. Kennedy
Jr. married Carolyn Bessette in a private ceremony Saturday
on secluded Cumberland Island off the Georgia coast. Only a
few dozen guests attended. Yesterday, the newlyweds were off
somewhere on a secrecy-shrouded honeymoon.

Reuters
One of the country's most eligible bachelors, John F. Kennedy
Jr. married Carolyn Bessette in a private ceremony Saturday
on secluded Cumberland Island off the Georgia coast. Only a
few dozen guests attended. Yesterday, the newlyweds were off
somewhere on a secrecy-shrouded honeymoon.

Reuters
One of the country's most eligible bachelors, John F. Kennedy
Jr. married Carolyn Bessette in a private ceremony Saturday
on secluded Cumberland Island off the Georgia coast. Only a
few dozen guests attended. Yesterday, the newlyweds were off
somewhere on a secrecy-shrouded honeymoon.

Reuters
One of the country's most eligible bachelors, John F. Kennedy
Jr. married Carolyn Bessette in a private ceremony Saturday
on secluded Cumberland Island off the Georgia coast. Only a
few dozen guests attended. Yesterday, the newlyweds were off
somewhere on a secrecy-shrouded honeymoon.

Reuters
One of the country's most eligible bachelors, John F. Kennedy
Jr. married Carolyn Bessette in a private ceremony Saturday
on secluded Cumberland Island off the Georgia coast. Only a
few dozen guests attended. Yesterday, the newlyweds were off
somewhere on a secrecy-shrouded honeymoon.
