# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
1 ip a Carsoc and
Get* Wet, Too!
Still, you won't be overly
distressed if you're
wearing a
Castlcrock
Wilt-not Collar
Shirt
Wilt not wilt, shrink,
curl, ctc., ctc.
$2
Xloo& l»ro6
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 1 2-8 P.M.
1 ip a Carsoc and
Get* Wet, Too!
Still, you won't be overly
distressed if you're
wearing a
Castlcrock
Wilt-not Collar
Shirt
Wilt not wilt, shrink,
curl, ctc., ctc.
$2
Xloo& l»ro6
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 1 2-8 P.M.
1 ip a Carsoc and
Get* Wet, Too!
Still, you won't be overly
distressed if you're
wearing a
Castlcrock
Wilt-not Collar
Shirt
Wilt not wilt, shrink,
curl, ctc., ctc.
$2
Xloo& l»ro6
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 1 2-8 P.M.
1 ip a Carsoc and
Get* Wet, Too!
Still, you won't be overly
distressed if you're
wearing a
Castlcrock
Wilt-not Collar
Shirt
Wilt not wilt, shrink,
curl, ctc., ctc.
$2
Xloo& l»ro6
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 1 2-8 P.M.
1 ip a Carsoc and
Get* Wet, Too!
Still, you won't be overly
distressed if you're
wearing a
Castlcrock
Wilt-not Collar
Shirt
Wilt not wilt, shrink,
curl, ctc., ctc.
$2
Xloo& l»ro6
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 1 2-8 P.M.
1 ip a Carsoc and
Get* Wet, Too!
Still, you won't be overly
distressed if you're
wearing a
Castlcrock
Wilt-not Collar
Shirt
Wilt not wilt, shrink,
curl, ctc., ctc.
$2
Xloo& l»ro6
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 1 2-8 P.M.
1 ip a Carsoc and
Get* Wet, Too!
Still, you won't be overly
distressed if you're
wearing a
Castlcrock
Wilt-not Collar
Shirt
Wilt not wilt, shrink,
curl, ctc., ctc.
$2
Xloo& l»ro6
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 1 2-8 P.M.
1 ip a Carsoc and
Get* Wet, Too!
Still, you won't be overly
distressed if you're
wearing a
Castlcrock
Wilt-not Collar
Shirt
Wilt not wilt, shrink,
curl, ctc., ctc.
$2
Xloo& l»ro6
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 1 2-8 P.M.
1 ip a Carsoc and
Get* Wet, Too!
Still, you won't be overly
distressed if you're
wearing a
Castlcrock
Wilt-not Collar
Shirt
Wilt not wilt, shrink,
curl, ctc., ctc.
$2
Xloo& l»ro6
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 1 2-8 P.M.
1 ip a Carsoc and
Get* Wet, Too!
Still, you won't be overly
distressed if you're
wearing a
Castlcrock
Wilt-not Collar
Shirt
Wilt not wilt, shrink,
curl, ctc., ctc.
$2
Xloo& l»ro6
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 1 2-8 P.M.
1 ip a Carsoc and
Get* Wet, Too!
Still, you won't be overly
distressed if you're
wearing a
Castlcrock
Wilt-not Collar
Shirt
Wilt not wilt, shrink,
curl, ctc., ctc.
$2
Xloo& l»ro6
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 1 2-8 P.M.
1 ip a Carsoc and
Get* Wet, Too!
Still, you won't be overly
distressed if you're
wearing a
Castlcrock
Wilt-not Collar
Shirt
Wilt not wilt, shrink,
curl, ctc., ctc.
$2
Xloo& l»ro6
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 1 2-8 P.M.
1 ip a Carsoc and
Get* Wet, Too!
Still, you won't be overly
distressed if you're
wearing a
Castlcrock
Wilt-not Collar
Shirt
Wilt not wilt, shrink,
curl, ctc., ctc.
$2
Xloo& l»ro6
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 1 2-8 P.M.
1 ip a Carsoc and
Get* Wet, Too!
Still, you won't be overly
distressed if you're
wearing a
Castlcrock
Wilt-not Collar
Shirt
Wilt not wilt, shrink,
curl, ctc., ctc.
$2
Xloo& l»ro6
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 1 2-8 P.M.
1 ip a Carsoc and
Get* Wet, Too!
Still, you won't be overly
distressed if you're
wearing a
Castlcrock
Wilt-not Collar
Shirt
Wilt not wilt, shrink,
curl, ctc., ctc.
$2
Xloo& l»ro6
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 1 2-8 P.M.
1 ip a Carsoc and
Get* Wet, Too!
Still, you won't be overly
distressed if you're
wearing a
Castlcrock
Wilt-not Collar
Shirt
Wilt not wilt, shrink,
curl, ctc., ctc.
$2
Xloo& l»ro6
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 1 2-8 P.M.
