# Council Names Four Nominees
## Two from San Francisco, Two From Oakland Will Succeed If No Other Names Submitted 
### 
The names of four nominees for
positions on the council of the Stan
ford Alumni Association were pre
sented at a committee meeting held
last week-end. If no opposing nom
inations are made, these four, to
gether with one member to be
elected by (he Class of 1936 before
their graduation in June will com
plete the council to its regular num
ber of 15 members.
The nam-s submitted by the nom
inating committee were Mrs. Harold
Avery of Oakland, Clifford Burnhill
of the Oakland Stanford Men's Club,
Mrs. Porter Dunlap, past president
of the San Francisco Women's Club,
and Henry Hauser of San Fran
cisco. These nominees will auto
matically become elected on April
25, if no opposing nominations are
made before that time. In order to
propose the name of another candi
date, it is necessary to submit a peti
tion signed by 50 members of the
Alumni Association.
Women members of the association
requested additional representation
on the Alumni Council in order to
meet the increasing activities of
women on th > campus and in alumni
affairs, and (he nomination of two
women for council position* was a
result of this request.
The names of four nominees for
positions on the council of the Stan
ford Alumni Association were pre
sented at a committee meeting held
last week-end. If no opposing nom
inations are made, these four, to
gether with one member to be
elected by (he Class of 1936 before
their graduation in June will com
plete the council to its regular num
ber of 15 members.
The nam-s submitted by the nom
inating committee were Mrs. Harold
Avery of Oakland, Clifford Burnhill
of the Oakland Stanford Men's Club,
Mrs. Porter Dunlap, past president
of the San Francisco Women's Club,
and Henry Hauser of San Fran
cisco. These nominees will auto
matically become elected on April
25, if no opposing nominations are
made before that time. In order to
propose the name of another candi
date, it is necessary to submit a peti
tion signed by 50 members of the
Alumni Association.
Women members of the association
requested additional representation
on the Alumni Council in order to
meet the increasing activities of
women on th > campus and in alumni
affairs, and (he nomination of two
women for council position* was a
result of this request.
The names of four nominees for
positions on the council of the Stan
ford Alumni Association were pre
sented at a committee meeting held
last week-end. If no opposing nom
inations are made, these four, to
gether with one member to be
elected by (he Class of 1936 before
their graduation in June will com
plete the council to its regular num
ber of 15 members.
The nam-s submitted by the nom
inating committee were Mrs. Harold
Avery of Oakland, Clifford Burnhill
of the Oakland Stanford Men's Club,
Mrs. Porter Dunlap, past president
of the San Francisco Women's Club,
and Henry Hauser of San Fran
cisco. These nominees will auto
matically become elected on April
25, if no opposing nominations are
made before that time. In order to
propose the name of another candi
date, it is necessary to submit a peti
tion signed by 50 members of the
Alumni Association.
Women members of the association
requested additional representation
on the Alumni Council in order to
meet the increasing activities of
women on th > campus and in alumni
affairs, and (he nomination of two
women for council position* was a
result of this request.
The names of four nominees for
positions on the council of the Stan
ford Alumni Association were pre
sented at a committee meeting held
last week-end. If no opposing nom
inations are made, these four, to
gether with one member to be
elected by (he Class of 1936 before
their graduation in June will com
plete the council to its regular num
ber of 15 members.
The nam-s submitted by the nom
inating committee were Mrs. Harold
Avery of Oakland, Clifford Burnhill
of the Oakland Stanford Men's Club,
Mrs. Porter Dunlap, past president
of the San Francisco Women's Club,
and Henry Hauser of San Fran
cisco. These nominees will auto
matically become elected on April
25, if no opposing nominations are
made before that time. In order to
propose the name of another candi
date, it is necessary to submit a peti
tion signed by 50 members of the
Alumni Association.
Women members of the association
requested additional representation
on the Alumni Council in order to
meet the increasing activities of
women on th > campus and in alumni
affairs, and (he nomination of two
women for council position* was a
result of this request.
The names of four nominees for
positions on the council of the Stan
ford Alumni Association were pre
sented at a committee meeting held
last week-end. If no opposing nom
inations are made, these four, to
gether with one member to be
elected by (he Class of 1936 before
their graduation in June will com
plete the council to its regular num
ber of 15 members.
The nam-s submitted by the nom
inating committee were Mrs. Harold
Avery of Oakland, Clifford Burnhill
of the Oakland Stanford Men's Club,
Mrs. Porter Dunlap, past president
of the San Francisco Women's Club,
and Henry Hauser of San Fran
cisco. These nominees will auto
matically become elected on April
25, if no opposing nominations are
made before that time. In order to
propose the name of another candi
date, it is necessary to submit a peti
tion signed by 50 members of the
Alumni Association.
Women members of the association
requested additional representation
on the Alumni Council in order to
meet the increasing activities of
women on th > campus and in alumni
affairs, and (he nomination of two
women for council position* was a
result of this request.
The names of four nominees for
positions on the council of the Stan
ford Alumni Association were pre
sented at a committee meeting held
last week-end. If no opposing nom
inations are made, these four, to
gether with one member to be
elected by (he Class of 1936 before
their graduation in June will com
plete the council to its regular num
ber of 15 members.
The nam-s submitted by the nom
inating committee were Mrs. Harold
Avery of Oakland, Clifford Burnhill
of the Oakland Stanford Men's Club,
Mrs. Porter Dunlap, past president
of the San Francisco Women's Club,
and Henry Hauser of San Fran
cisco. These nominees will auto
matically become elected on April
25, if no opposing nominations are
made before that time. In order to
propose the name of another candi
date, it is necessary to submit a peti
tion signed by 50 members of the
Alumni Association.
Women members of the association
requested additional representation
on the Alumni Council in order to
meet the increasing activities of
women on th > campus and in alumni
affairs, and (he nomination of two
women for council position* was a
result of this request.
The names of four nominees for
positions on the council of the Stan
ford Alumni Association were pre
sented at a committee meeting held
last week-end. If no opposing nom
inations are made, these four, to
gether with one member to be
elected by (he Class of 1936 before
their graduation in June will com
plete the council to its regular num
ber of 15 members.
The nam-s submitted by the nom
inating committee were Mrs. Harold
Avery of Oakland, Clifford Burnhill
of the Oakland Stanford Men's Club,
Mrs. Porter Dunlap, past president
of the San Francisco Women's Club,
and Henry Hauser of San Fran
cisco. These nominees will auto
matically become elected on April
25, if no opposing nominations are
made before that time. In order to
propose the name of another candi
date, it is necessary to submit a peti
tion signed by 50 members of the
Alumni Association.
Women members of the association
requested additional representation
on the Alumni Council in order to
meet the increasing activities of
women on th > campus and in alumni
affairs, and (he nomination of two
women for council position* was a
result of this request.
The names of four nominees for
positions on the council of the Stan
ford Alumni Association were pre
sented at a committee meeting held
last week-end. If no opposing nom
inations are made, these four, to
gether with one member to be
elected by (he Class of 1936 before
their graduation in June will com
plete the council to its regular num
ber of 15 members.
The nam-s submitted by the nom
inating committee were Mrs. Harold
Avery of Oakland, Clifford Burnhill
of the Oakland Stanford Men's Club,
Mrs. Porter Dunlap, past president
of the San Francisco Women's Club,
and Henry Hauser of San Fran
cisco. These nominees will auto
matically become elected on April
25, if no opposing nominations are
made before that time. In order to
propose the name of another candi
date, it is necessary to submit a peti
tion signed by 50 members of the
Alumni Association.
Women members of the association
requested additional representation
on the Alumni Council in order to
meet the increasing activities of
women on th > campus and in alumni
affairs, and (he nomination of two
women for council position* was a
result of this request.
The names of four nominees for
positions on the council of the Stan
ford Alumni Association were pre
sented at a committee meeting held
last week-end. If no opposing nom
inations are made, these four, to
gether with one member to be
elected by (he Class of 1936 before
their graduation in June will com
plete the council to its regular num
ber of 15 members.
The nam-s submitted by the nom
inating committee were Mrs. Harold
Avery of Oakland, Clifford Burnhill
of the Oakland Stanford Men's Club,
Mrs. Porter Dunlap, past president
of the San Francisco Women's Club,
and Henry Hauser of San Fran
cisco. These nominees will auto
matically become elected on April
25, if no opposing nominations are
made before that time. In order to
propose the name of another candi
date, it is necessary to submit a peti
tion signed by 50 members of the
Alumni Association.
Women members of the association
requested additional representation
on the Alumni Council in order to
meet the increasing activities of
women on th > campus and in alumni
affairs, and (he nomination of two
women for council position* was a
result of this request.
The names of four nominees for
positions on the council of the Stan
ford Alumni Association were pre
sented at a committee meeting held
last week-end. If no opposing nom
inations are made, these four, to
gether with one member to be
elected by (he Class of 1936 before
their graduation in June will com
plete the council to its regular num
ber of 15 members.
The nam-s submitted by the nom
inating committee were Mrs. Harold
Avery of Oakland, Clifford Burnhill
of the Oakland Stanford Men's Club,
Mrs. Porter Dunlap, past president
of the San Francisco Women's Club,
and Henry Hauser of San Fran
cisco. These nominees will auto
matically become elected on April
25, if no opposing nominations are
made before that time. In order to
propose the name of another candi
date, it is necessary to submit a peti
tion signed by 50 members of the
Alumni Association.
Women members of the association
requested additional representation
on the Alumni Council in order to
meet the increasing activities of
women on th > campus and in alumni
affairs, and (he nomination of two
women for council position* was a
result of this request.
The names of four nominees for
positions on the council of the Stan
ford Alumni Association were pre
sented at a committee meeting held
last week-end. If no opposing nom
inations are made, these four, to
gether with one member to be
elected by (he Class of 1936 before
their graduation in June will com
plete the council to its regular num
ber of 15 members.
The nam-s submitted by the nom
inating committee were Mrs. Harold
Avery of Oakland, Clifford Burnhill
of the Oakland Stanford Men's Club,
Mrs. Porter Dunlap, past president
of the San Francisco Women's Club,
and Henry Hauser of San Fran
cisco. These nominees will auto
matically become elected on April
25, if no opposing nominations are
made before that time. In order to
propose the name of another candi
date, it is necessary to submit a peti
tion signed by 50 members of the
Alumni Association.
Women members of the association
requested additional representation
on the Alumni Council in order to
meet the increasing activities of
women on th > campus and in alumni
affairs, and (he nomination of two
women for council position* was a
result of this request.
The names of four nominees for
positions on the council of the Stan
ford Alumni Association were pre
sented at a committee meeting held
last week-end. If no opposing nom
inations are made, these four, to
gether with one member to be
elected by (he Class of 1936 before
their graduation in June will com
plete the council to its regular num
ber of 15 members.
The nam-s submitted by the nom
inating committee were Mrs. Harold
Avery of Oakland, Clifford Burnhill
of the Oakland Stanford Men's Club,
Mrs. Porter Dunlap, past president
of the San Francisco Women's Club,
and Henry Hauser of San Fran
cisco. These nominees will auto
matically become elected on April
25, if no opposing nominations are
made before that time. In order to
propose the name of another candi
date, it is necessary to submit a peti
tion signed by 50 members of the
Alumni Association.
Women members of the association
requested additional representation
on the Alumni Council in order to
meet the increasing activities of
women on th > campus and in alumni
affairs, and (he nomination of two
women for council position* was a
result of this request.
The names of four nominees for
positions on the council of the Stan
ford Alumni Association were pre
sented at a committee meeting held
last week-end. If no opposing nom
inations are made, these four, to
gether with one member to be
elected by (he Class of 1936 before
their graduation in June will com
plete the council to its regular num
ber of 15 members.
The nam-s submitted by the nom
inating committee were Mrs. Harold
Avery of Oakland, Clifford Burnhill
of the Oakland Stanford Men's Club,
Mrs. Porter Dunlap, past president
of the San Francisco Women's Club,
and Henry Hauser of San Fran
cisco. These nominees will auto
matically become elected on April
25, if no opposing nominations are
made before that time. In order to
propose the name of another candi
date, it is necessary to submit a peti
tion signed by 50 members of the
Alumni Association.
Women members of the association
requested additional representation
on the Alumni Council in order to
meet the increasing activities of
women on th > campus and in alumni
affairs, and (he nomination of two
women for council position* was a
result of this request.
The names of four nominees for
positions on the council of the Stan
ford Alumni Association were pre
sented at a committee meeting held
last week-end. If no opposing nom
inations are made, these four, to
gether with one member to be
elected by (he Class of 1936 before
their graduation in June will com
plete the council to its regular num
ber of 15 members.
The nam-s submitted by the nom
inating committee were Mrs. Harold
Avery of Oakland, Clifford Burnhill
of the Oakland Stanford Men's Club,
Mrs. Porter Dunlap, past president
of the San Francisco Women's Club,
and Henry Hauser of San Fran
cisco. These nominees will auto
matically become elected on April
25, if no opposing nominations are
made before that time. In order to
propose the name of another candi
date, it is necessary to submit a peti
tion signed by 50 members of the
Alumni Association.
Women members of the association
requested additional representation
on the Alumni Council in order to
meet the increasing activities of
women on th > campus and in alumni
affairs, and (he nomination of two
women for council position* was a
result of this request.
The names of four nominees for
positions on the council of the Stan
ford Alumni Association were pre
sented at a committee meeting held
last week-end. If no opposing nom
inations are made, these four, to
gether with one member to be
elected by (he Class of 1936 before
their graduation in June will com
plete the council to its regular num
ber of 15 members.
The nam-s submitted by the nom
inating committee were Mrs. Harold
Avery of Oakland, Clifford Burnhill
of the Oakland Stanford Men's Club,
Mrs. Porter Dunlap, past president
of the San Francisco Women's Club,
and Henry Hauser of San Fran
cisco. These nominees will auto
matically become elected on April
25, if no opposing nominations are
made before that time. In order to
propose the name of another candi
date, it is necessary to submit a peti
tion signed by 50 members of the
Alumni Association.
Women members of the association
requested additional representation
on the Alumni Council in order to
meet the increasing activities of
women on th > campus and in alumni
affairs, and (he nomination of two
women for council position* was a
result of this request.
The names of four nominees for
positions on the council of the Stan
ford Alumni Association were pre
sented at a committee meeting held
last week-end. If no opposing nom
inations are made, these four, to
gether with one member to be
elected by (he Class of 1936 before
their graduation in June will com
plete the council to its regular num
ber of 15 members.
The nam-s submitted by the nom
inating committee were Mrs. Harold
Avery of Oakland, Clifford Burnhill
of the Oakland Stanford Men's Club,
Mrs. Porter Dunlap, past president
of the San Francisco Women's Club,
and Henry Hauser of San Fran
cisco. These nominees will auto
matically become elected on April
25, if no opposing nominations are
made before that time. In order to
propose the name of another candi
date, it is necessary to submit a peti
tion signed by 50 members of the
Alumni Association.
Women members of the association
requested additional representation
on the Alumni Council in order to
meet the increasing activities of
women on th > campus and in alumni
affairs, and (he nomination of two
women for council position* was a
result of this request.
