# Illustrated Review Emphasizes Alumni Activities in News
## 
### 
Alumni activities in the news
world will be stressed in six pages
of "Stanford on Parade," and a de
tailed account of the Stanford Alum
ni Conference of last week-end will
be given in February's Illustrated
Review, coming out Thursday.
"Working on the Big Ditch," by
Robert D. Speers, former Daily edi
tor, now with the public relations
division of thet Metropolitan Water
District, will describe the work of
former Stanford engineers on the
Colorado River Aqueduct project.
Supplementing the Review, the
Stanford Associates will put out a
pamphlet, "Blazing Chemistry's New
Trails," by Frank J. Taylor, Review
editor. Ten thousand copies of this
booklet will be distributed in addi
tion to those bound with the Illus
trated Review.
