# Untitled Article
## 
### 
From tiiic showing made yester
day, the Freshmen will make a
strong light for the baseball
championship when they meet the
Juniors Monday.
From tiiic showing made yester
day, the Freshmen will make a
strong light for the baseball
championship when they meet the
Juniors Monday.
From tiiic showing made yester
day, the Freshmen will make a
strong light for the baseball
championship when they meet the
Juniors Monday.
From tiiic showing made yester
day, the Freshmen will make a
strong light for the baseball
championship when they meet the
Juniors Monday.
From tiiic showing made yester
day, the Freshmen will make a
strong light for the baseball
championship when they meet the
Juniors Monday.
From tiiic showing made yester
day, the Freshmen will make a
strong light for the baseball
championship when they meet the
Juniors Monday.
From tiiic showing made yester
day, the Freshmen will make a
strong light for the baseball
championship when they meet the
Juniors Monday.
