# University Calendar.
## 
### 
February.
Intercollegiate Preliminaries, 7th,
and Bth.
Varsity vs. San Jose Normal, base
ball, campus, Bth.
Carnot debate at Berkeley, 14th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Freshman-Sophomore debate try
outs, 21st.
Pirates of Penzance performance,
21st.
Washington's birthday (holiday),
22d.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball, cam
pus, 22d.
Sophomore Cotillion, 22d.
Chicago Orchestra concert, 27th.
March.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, Ist.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,
Berkeley, Bth.
Dedication of Memorial Clmrch,
Founders' Day (Sunday), 9th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball, cam
pus, 22d.
Junior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, 6th.
Intercollegiate Field-day, 19th.
May.
Memorial day (holiday), 14th.
Instruction ends, 22(1.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 25th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement, 28th.
February.
Intercollegiate Preliminaries, 7th,
and Bth.
Varsity vs. San Jose Normal, base
ball, campus, Bth.
Carnot debate at Berkeley, 14th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Freshman-Sophomore debate try
outs, 21st.
Pirates of Penzance performance,
21st.
Washington's birthday (holiday),
22d.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball, cam
pus, 22d.
Sophomore Cotillion, 22d.
Chicago Orchestra concert, 27th.
March.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, Ist.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,
Berkeley, Bth.
Dedication of Memorial Clmrch,
Founders' Day (Sunday), 9th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball, cam
pus, 22d.
Junior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, 6th.
Intercollegiate Field-day, 19th.
May.
Memorial day (holiday), 14th.
Instruction ends, 22(1.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 25th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement, 28th.
February.
Intercollegiate Preliminaries, 7th,
and Bth.
Varsity vs. San Jose Normal, base
ball, campus, Bth.
Carnot debate at Berkeley, 14th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Freshman-Sophomore debate try
outs, 21st.
Pirates of Penzance performance,
21st.
Washington's birthday (holiday),
22d.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball, cam
pus, 22d.
Sophomore Cotillion, 22d.
Chicago Orchestra concert, 27th.
March.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, Ist.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,
Berkeley, Bth.
Dedication of Memorial Clmrch,
Founders' Day (Sunday), 9th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball, cam
pus, 22d.
Junior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, 6th.
Intercollegiate Field-day, 19th.
May.
Memorial day (holiday), 14th.
Instruction ends, 22(1.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 25th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement, 28th.
February.
Intercollegiate Preliminaries, 7th,
and Bth.
Varsity vs. San Jose Normal, base
ball, campus, Bth.
Carnot debate at Berkeley, 14th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Freshman-Sophomore debate try
outs, 21st.
Pirates of Penzance performance,
21st.
Washington's birthday (holiday),
22d.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball, cam
pus, 22d.
Sophomore Cotillion, 22d.
Chicago Orchestra concert, 27th.
March.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, Ist.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,
Berkeley, Bth.
Dedication of Memorial Clmrch,
Founders' Day (Sunday), 9th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball, cam
pus, 22d.
Junior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, 6th.
Intercollegiate Field-day, 19th.
May.
Memorial day (holiday), 14th.
Instruction ends, 22(1.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 25th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement, 28th.
February.
Intercollegiate Preliminaries, 7th,
and Bth.
Varsity vs. San Jose Normal, base
ball, campus, Bth.
Carnot debate at Berkeley, 14th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Freshman-Sophomore debate try
outs, 21st.
Pirates of Penzance performance,
21st.
Washington's birthday (holiday),
22d.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball, cam
pus, 22d.
Sophomore Cotillion, 22d.
Chicago Orchestra concert, 27th.
March.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, Ist.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,
Berkeley, Bth.
Dedication of Memorial Clmrch,
Founders' Day (Sunday), 9th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball, cam
pus, 22d.
Junior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, 6th.
Intercollegiate Field-day, 19th.
May.
Memorial day (holiday), 14th.
Instruction ends, 22(1.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 25th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement, 28th.
February.
Intercollegiate Preliminaries, 7th,
and Bth.
Varsity vs. San Jose Normal, base
ball, campus, Bth.
Carnot debate at Berkeley, 14th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Freshman-Sophomore debate try
outs, 21st.
Pirates of Penzance performance,
21st.
Washington's birthday (holiday),
22d.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball, cam
pus, 22d.
Sophomore Cotillion, 22d.
Chicago Orchestra concert, 27th.
March.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, Ist.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,
Berkeley, Bth.
Dedication of Memorial Clmrch,
Founders' Day (Sunday), 9th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball, cam
pus, 22d.
Junior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, 6th.
Intercollegiate Field-day, 19th.
May.
Memorial day (holiday), 14th.
Instruction ends, 22(1.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 25th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement, 28th.
February.
Intercollegiate Preliminaries, 7th,
and Bth.
Varsity vs. San Jose Normal, base
ball, campus, Bth.
Carnot debate at Berkeley, 14th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Freshman-Sophomore debate try
outs, 21st.
Pirates of Penzance performance,
21st.
Washington's birthday (holiday),
22d.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball, cam
pus, 22d.
Sophomore Cotillion, 22d.
Chicago Orchestra concert, 27th.
March.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, Ist.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,
Berkeley, Bth.
Dedication of Memorial Clmrch,
Founders' Day (Sunday), 9th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball, cam
pus, 22d.
Junior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, 6th.
Intercollegiate Field-day, 19th.
May.
Memorial day (holiday), 14th.
Instruction ends, 22(1.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 25th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement, 28th.
