# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
IT S CARLYLE S
for
FINE
DIAMONDS •
The Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
IT S CARLYLE S
for
FINE
DIAMONDS •
The Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
IT S CARLYLE S
for
FINE
DIAMONDS •
The Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
IT S CARLYLE S
for
FINE
DIAMONDS •
The Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
IT S CARLYLE S
for
FINE
DIAMONDS •
The Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
IT S CARLYLE S
for
FINE
DIAMONDS •
The Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
IT S CARLYLE S
for
FINE
DIAMONDS •
The Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
IT S CARLYLE S
for
FINE
DIAMONDS •
The Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
IT S CARLYLE S
for
FINE
DIAMONDS •
The Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
IT S CARLYLE S
for
FINE
DIAMONDS •
The Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
IT S CARLYLE S
for
FINE
DIAMONDS •
The Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
IT S CARLYLE S
for
FINE
DIAMONDS •
The Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
IT S CARLYLE S
for
FINE
DIAMONDS •
The Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
IT S CARLYLE S
for
FINE
DIAMONDS •
The Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
IT S CARLYLE S
for
FINE
DIAMONDS •
The Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
IT S CARLYLE S
for
FINE
DIAMONDS •
The Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
IT S CARLYLE S
for
FINE
DIAMONDS •
The Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
IT S CARLYLE S
for
FINE
DIAMONDS •
The Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
