# Adv. 20 Page 4
## 
### 
Deadline for "Once Around the
<Jnud" items is ,'i p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
<Jnud" items is ,'i p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
<Jnud" items is ,'i p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
<Jnud" items is ,'i p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
<Jnud" items is ,'i p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
<Jnud" items is ,'i p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
<Jnud" items is ,'i p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
<Jnud" items is ,'i p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
<Jnud" items is ,'i p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
<Jnud" items is ,'i p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
<Jnud" items is ,'i p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
<Jnud" items is ,'i p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
<Jnud" items is ,'i p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
<Jnud" items is ,'i p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
<Jnud" items is ,'i p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
<Jnud" items is ,'i p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
<Jnud" items is ,'i p.m. of the day
before publication.
