# Concert Series Books '60 Season
## 
### 
The ASSU Concert Series has
scheduled six concerts for the
1959-60 season. Geoffrey Naab.
new Concert Series manager, has
announced the Don Cossack Cho
rus and Dancers; Byron Janis,
pianist; the San Francisco Sym
phony; Andres Segovia, guitar-
Milstein, violinist; and Eileen
and Eileen Farrell, dramatic so
prano.
In addition to the regular se
ries, a benefit concert for the IIR
Affiliations Department will be
given by the Vienna Choir Boys.
The proceeds from this annual
concert help defray the expenses
of the exchange students from

Keio University and the Free
University of Berlin.
There are four openings for as
sistant managers for next year's
Concert Series. Interviews will
be held in the Concert Series of
fice in the Nitery today, 3:15-5
and 7:30-10 p.m., and tomorrow
2:15-4. For further information,
call DA 3-3870 between 1 and 5.
