# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
P.T. presents
HAYMAKER
Wool Jersey Blouses
with collar and short
sleeves—
Stripes or solid colors,
10 to 16
$6.95
Phelps
Terfcel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
P.T. presents
HAYMAKER
Wool Jersey Blouses
with collar and short
sleeves—
Stripes or solid colors,
10 to 16
$6.95
Phelps
Terfcel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
P.T. presents
HAYMAKER
Wool Jersey Blouses
with collar and short
sleeves—
Stripes or solid colors,
10 to 16
$6.95
Phelps
Terfcel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
P.T. presents
HAYMAKER
Wool Jersey Blouses
with collar and short
sleeves—
Stripes or solid colors,
10 to 16
$6.95
Phelps
Terfcel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
P.T. presents
HAYMAKER
Wool Jersey Blouses
with collar and short
sleeves—
Stripes or solid colors,
10 to 16
$6.95
Phelps
Terfcel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
P.T. presents
HAYMAKER
Wool Jersey Blouses
with collar and short
sleeves—
Stripes or solid colors,
10 to 16
$6.95
Phelps
Terfcel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
P.T. presents
HAYMAKER
Wool Jersey Blouses
with collar and short
sleeves—
Stripes or solid colors,
10 to 16
$6.95
Phelps
Terfcel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
P.T. presents
HAYMAKER
Wool Jersey Blouses
with collar and short
sleeves—
Stripes or solid colors,
10 to 16
$6.95
Phelps
Terfcel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
P.T. presents
HAYMAKER
Wool Jersey Blouses
with collar and short
sleeves—
Stripes or solid colors,
10 to 16
$6.95
Phelps
Terfcel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
P.T. presents
HAYMAKER
Wool Jersey Blouses
with collar and short
sleeves—
Stripes or solid colors,
10 to 16
$6.95
Phelps
Terfcel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
P.T. presents
HAYMAKER
Wool Jersey Blouses
with collar and short
sleeves—
Stripes or solid colors,
10 to 16
$6.95
Phelps
Terfcel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
P.T. presents
HAYMAKER
Wool Jersey Blouses
with collar and short
sleeves—
Stripes or solid colors,
10 to 16
$6.95
Phelps
Terfcel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
P.T. presents
HAYMAKER
Wool Jersey Blouses
with collar and short
sleeves—
Stripes or solid colors,
10 to 16
$6.95
Phelps
Terfcel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
P.T. presents
HAYMAKER
Wool Jersey Blouses
with collar and short
sleeves—
Stripes or solid colors,
10 to 16
$6.95
Phelps
Terfcel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
P.T. presents
HAYMAKER
Wool Jersey Blouses
with collar and short
sleeves—
Stripes or solid colors,
10 to 16
$6.95
Phelps
Terfcel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
