# Deadline Is Set For Med School Exam Blanks
## 
### 
For the benefit of the 195G Medi
cal School applicants who failed to
take the Medical College Admission
Test when it was given in May, the
test, which is sponsored by the As
sociation of American Medical Col
leges, will be administered on Oc
tober 31.
Application blanks and copies of
the Bulletin of Information may be
obtained frorfi the Medical Admis
sions Office, Room 112-D.
Applications for the test must be
received at the Princeton office of
the Educational Testing Service on
or before Oct. 17.
No application can be accepted if
it is received after this closing date.
Only applicants for admission to
classes beginning the study of medi
cine in the fall, 1956. who did not
take the test in May should take it
at this time.
Students wishing to apply to the
Stanford School of Medicine have
been asked to submit applications
as soon as possible. Application
blanks and information may be ob
tained at the Medical Admissions
Office, Room 112-D.
For the benefit of the 195G Medi
cal School applicants who failed to
take the Medical College Admission
Test when it was given in May, the
test, which is sponsored by the As
sociation of American Medical Col
leges, will be administered on Oc
tober 31.
Application blanks and copies of
the Bulletin of Information may be
obtained frorfi the Medical Admis
sions Office, Room 112-D.
Applications for the test must be
received at the Princeton office of
the Educational Testing Service on
or before Oct. 17.
No application can be accepted if
it is received after this closing date.
Only applicants for admission to
classes beginning the study of medi
cine in the fall, 1956. who did not
take the test in May should take it
at this time.
Students wishing to apply to the
Stanford School of Medicine have
been asked to submit applications
as soon as possible. Application
blanks and information may be ob
tained at the Medical Admissions
Office, Room 112-D.
For the benefit of the 195G Medi
cal School applicants who failed to
take the Medical College Admission
Test when it was given in May, the
test, which is sponsored by the As
sociation of American Medical Col
leges, will be administered on Oc
tober 31.
Application blanks and copies of
the Bulletin of Information may be
obtained frorfi the Medical Admis
sions Office, Room 112-D.
Applications for the test must be
received at the Princeton office of
the Educational Testing Service on
or before Oct. 17.
No application can be accepted if
it is received after this closing date.
Only applicants for admission to
classes beginning the study of medi
cine in the fall, 1956. who did not
take the test in May should take it
at this time.
Students wishing to apply to the
Stanford School of Medicine have
been asked to submit applications
as soon as possible. Application
blanks and information may be ob
tained at the Medical Admissions
Office, Room 112-D.
For the benefit of the 195G Medi
cal School applicants who failed to
take the Medical College Admission
Test when it was given in May, the
test, which is sponsored by the As
sociation of American Medical Col
leges, will be administered on Oc
tober 31.
Application blanks and copies of
the Bulletin of Information may be
obtained frorfi the Medical Admis
sions Office, Room 112-D.
Applications for the test must be
received at the Princeton office of
the Educational Testing Service on
or before Oct. 17.
No application can be accepted if
it is received after this closing date.
Only applicants for admission to
classes beginning the study of medi
cine in the fall, 1956. who did not
take the test in May should take it
at this time.
Students wishing to apply to the
Stanford School of Medicine have
been asked to submit applications
as soon as possible. Application
blanks and information may be ob
tained at the Medical Admissions
Office, Room 112-D.
For the benefit of the 195G Medi
cal School applicants who failed to
take the Medical College Admission
Test when it was given in May, the
test, which is sponsored by the As
sociation of American Medical Col
leges, will be administered on Oc
tober 31.
Application blanks and copies of
the Bulletin of Information may be
obtained frorfi the Medical Admis
sions Office, Room 112-D.
Applications for the test must be
received at the Princeton office of
the Educational Testing Service on
or before Oct. 17.
No application can be accepted if
it is received after this closing date.
Only applicants for admission to
classes beginning the study of medi
cine in the fall, 1956. who did not
take the test in May should take it
at this time.
Students wishing to apply to the
Stanford School of Medicine have
been asked to submit applications
as soon as possible. Application
blanks and information may be ob
tained at the Medical Admissions
Office, Room 112-D.
For the benefit of the 195G Medi
cal School applicants who failed to
take the Medical College Admission
Test when it was given in May, the
test, which is sponsored by the As
sociation of American Medical Col
leges, will be administered on Oc
tober 31.
Application blanks and copies of
the Bulletin of Information may be
obtained frorfi the Medical Admis
sions Office, Room 112-D.
Applications for the test must be
received at the Princeton office of
the Educational Testing Service on
or before Oct. 17.
No application can be accepted if
it is received after this closing date.
Only applicants for admission to
classes beginning the study of medi
cine in the fall, 1956. who did not
take the test in May should take it
at this time.
Students wishing to apply to the
Stanford School of Medicine have
been asked to submit applications
as soon as possible. Application
blanks and information may be ob
tained at the Medical Admissions
Office, Room 112-D.
For the benefit of the 195G Medi
cal School applicants who failed to
take the Medical College Admission
Test when it was given in May, the
test, which is sponsored by the As
sociation of American Medical Col
leges, will be administered on Oc
tober 31.
Application blanks and copies of
the Bulletin of Information may be
obtained frorfi the Medical Admis
sions Office, Room 112-D.
Applications for the test must be
received at the Princeton office of
the Educational Testing Service on
or before Oct. 17.
No application can be accepted if
it is received after this closing date.
Only applicants for admission to
classes beginning the study of medi
cine in the fall, 1956. who did not
take the test in May should take it
at this time.
Students wishing to apply to the
Stanford School of Medicine have
been asked to submit applications
as soon as possible. Application
blanks and information may be ob
tained at the Medical Admissions
Office, Room 112-D.
For the benefit of the 195G Medi
cal School applicants who failed to
take the Medical College Admission
Test when it was given in May, the
test, which is sponsored by the As
sociation of American Medical Col
leges, will be administered on Oc
tober 31.
Application blanks and copies of
the Bulletin of Information may be
obtained frorfi the Medical Admis
sions Office, Room 112-D.
Applications for the test must be
received at the Princeton office of
the Educational Testing Service on
or before Oct. 17.
No application can be accepted if
it is received after this closing date.
Only applicants for admission to
classes beginning the study of medi
cine in the fall, 1956. who did not
take the test in May should take it
at this time.
Students wishing to apply to the
Stanford School of Medicine have
been asked to submit applications
as soon as possible. Application
blanks and information may be ob
tained at the Medical Admissions
Office, Room 112-D.
For the benefit of the 195G Medi
cal School applicants who failed to
take the Medical College Admission
Test when it was given in May, the
test, which is sponsored by the As
sociation of American Medical Col
leges, will be administered on Oc
tober 31.
Application blanks and copies of
the Bulletin of Information may be
obtained frorfi the Medical Admis
sions Office, Room 112-D.
Applications for the test must be
received at the Princeton office of
the Educational Testing Service on
or before Oct. 17.
No application can be accepted if
it is received after this closing date.
Only applicants for admission to
classes beginning the study of medi
cine in the fall, 1956. who did not
take the test in May should take it
at this time.
Students wishing to apply to the
Stanford School of Medicine have
been asked to submit applications
as soon as possible. Application
blanks and information may be ob
tained at the Medical Admissions
Office, Room 112-D.
For the benefit of the 195G Medi
cal School applicants who failed to
take the Medical College Admission
Test when it was given in May, the
test, which is sponsored by the As
sociation of American Medical Col
leges, will be administered on Oc
tober 31.
Application blanks and copies of
the Bulletin of Information may be
obtained frorfi the Medical Admis
sions Office, Room 112-D.
Applications for the test must be
received at the Princeton office of
the Educational Testing Service on
or before Oct. 17.
No application can be accepted if
it is received after this closing date.
Only applicants for admission to
classes beginning the study of medi
cine in the fall, 1956. who did not
take the test in May should take it
at this time.
Students wishing to apply to the
Stanford School of Medicine have
been asked to submit applications
as soon as possible. Application
blanks and information may be ob
tained at the Medical Admissions
Office, Room 112-D.
For the benefit of the 195G Medi
cal School applicants who failed to
take the Medical College Admission
Test when it was given in May, the
test, which is sponsored by the As
sociation of American Medical Col
leges, will be administered on Oc
tober 31.
Application blanks and copies of
the Bulletin of Information may be
obtained frorfi the Medical Admis
sions Office, Room 112-D.
Applications for the test must be
received at the Princeton office of
the Educational Testing Service on
or before Oct. 17.
No application can be accepted if
it is received after this closing date.
Only applicants for admission to
classes beginning the study of medi
cine in the fall, 1956. who did not
take the test in May should take it
at this time.
Students wishing to apply to the
Stanford School of Medicine have
been asked to submit applications
as soon as possible. Application
blanks and information may be ob
tained at the Medical Admissions
Office, Room 112-D.
For the benefit of the 195G Medi
cal School applicants who failed to
take the Medical College Admission
Test when it was given in May, the
test, which is sponsored by the As
sociation of American Medical Col
leges, will be administered on Oc
tober 31.
Application blanks and copies of
the Bulletin of Information may be
obtained frorfi the Medical Admis
sions Office, Room 112-D.
Applications for the test must be
received at the Princeton office of
the Educational Testing Service on
or before Oct. 17.
No application can be accepted if
it is received after this closing date.
Only applicants for admission to
classes beginning the study of medi
cine in the fall, 1956. who did not
take the test in May should take it
at this time.
Students wishing to apply to the
Stanford School of Medicine have
been asked to submit applications
as soon as possible. Application
blanks and information may be ob
tained at the Medical Admissions
Office, Room 112-D.
For the benefit of the 195G Medi
cal School applicants who failed to
take the Medical College Admission
Test when it was given in May, the
test, which is sponsored by the As
sociation of American Medical Col
leges, will be administered on Oc
tober 31.
Application blanks and copies of
the Bulletin of Information may be
obtained frorfi the Medical Admis
sions Office, Room 112-D.
Applications for the test must be
received at the Princeton office of
the Educational Testing Service on
or before Oct. 17.
No application can be accepted if
it is received after this closing date.
Only applicants for admission to
classes beginning the study of medi
cine in the fall, 1956. who did not
take the test in May should take it
at this time.
Students wishing to apply to the
Stanford School of Medicine have
been asked to submit applications
as soon as possible. Application
blanks and information may be ob
tained at the Medical Admissions
Office, Room 112-D.
For the benefit of the 195G Medi
cal School applicants who failed to
take the Medical College Admission
Test when it was given in May, the
test, which is sponsored by the As
sociation of American Medical Col
leges, will be administered on Oc
tober 31.
Application blanks and copies of
the Bulletin of Information may be
obtained frorfi the Medical Admis
sions Office, Room 112-D.
Applications for the test must be
received at the Princeton office of
the Educational Testing Service on
or before Oct. 17.
No application can be accepted if
it is received after this closing date.
Only applicants for admission to
classes beginning the study of medi
cine in the fall, 1956. who did not
take the test in May should take it
at this time.
Students wishing to apply to the
Stanford School of Medicine have
been asked to submit applications
as soon as possible. Application
blanks and information may be ob
tained at the Medical Admissions
Office, Room 112-D.
For the benefit of the 195G Medi
cal School applicants who failed to
take the Medical College Admission
Test when it was given in May, the
test, which is sponsored by the As
sociation of American Medical Col
leges, will be administered on Oc
tober 31.
Application blanks and copies of
the Bulletin of Information may be
obtained frorfi the Medical Admis
sions Office, Room 112-D.
Applications for the test must be
received at the Princeton office of
the Educational Testing Service on
or before Oct. 17.
No application can be accepted if
it is received after this closing date.
Only applicants for admission to
classes beginning the study of medi
cine in the fall, 1956. who did not
take the test in May should take it
at this time.
Students wishing to apply to the
Stanford School of Medicine have
been asked to submit applications
as soon as possible. Application
blanks and information may be ob
tained at the Medical Admissions
Office, Room 112-D.
