# Governor Knight Eves Presidency
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO—Gov. Goodwin J.
Knight said today that if President
Eisenhower does not run for rc-elec
tion he will head a "favorite son"
ticket in the California presidential
primary next June "regardless" of
what Vice President Richard Nixon
docs.
Knight, who has been at political
odds with Nixon for years, made it
clear, in an interview marking the
start of his third year as governor,
that he expects to control the 70-
vote California delegation next year.
SACRAMENTO—Gov. Goodwin J.
Knight said today that if President
Eisenhower does not run for rc-elec
tion he will head a "favorite son"
ticket in the California presidential
primary next June "regardless" of
what Vice President Richard Nixon
docs.
Knight, who has been at political
odds with Nixon for years, made it
clear, in an interview marking the
start of his third year as governor,
that he expects to control the 70-
vote California delegation next year.
SACRAMENTO—Gov. Goodwin J.
Knight said today that if President
Eisenhower does not run for rc-elec
tion he will head a "favorite son"
ticket in the California presidential
primary next June "regardless" of
what Vice President Richard Nixon
docs.
Knight, who has been at political
odds with Nixon for years, made it
clear, in an interview marking the
start of his third year as governor,
that he expects to control the 70-
vote California delegation next year.
SACRAMENTO—Gov. Goodwin J.
Knight said today that if President
Eisenhower does not run for rc-elec
tion he will head a "favorite son"
ticket in the California presidential
primary next June "regardless" of
what Vice President Richard Nixon
docs.
Knight, who has been at political
odds with Nixon for years, made it
clear, in an interview marking the
start of his third year as governor,
that he expects to control the 70-
vote California delegation next year.
SACRAMENTO—Gov. Goodwin J.
Knight said today that if President
Eisenhower does not run for rc-elec
tion he will head a "favorite son"
ticket in the California presidential
primary next June "regardless" of
what Vice President Richard Nixon
docs.
Knight, who has been at political
odds with Nixon for years, made it
clear, in an interview marking the
start of his third year as governor,
that he expects to control the 70-
vote California delegation next year.
SACRAMENTO—Gov. Goodwin J.
Knight said today that if President
Eisenhower does not run for rc-elec
tion he will head a "favorite son"
ticket in the California presidential
primary next June "regardless" of
what Vice President Richard Nixon
docs.
Knight, who has been at political
odds with Nixon for years, made it
clear, in an interview marking the
start of his third year as governor,
that he expects to control the 70-
vote California delegation next year.
SACRAMENTO—Gov. Goodwin J.
Knight said today that if President
Eisenhower does not run for rc-elec
tion he will head a "favorite son"
ticket in the California presidential
primary next June "regardless" of
what Vice President Richard Nixon
docs.
Knight, who has been at political
odds with Nixon for years, made it
clear, in an interview marking the
start of his third year as governor,
that he expects to control the 70-
vote California delegation next year.
SACRAMENTO—Gov. Goodwin J.
Knight said today that if President
Eisenhower does not run for rc-elec
tion he will head a "favorite son"
ticket in the California presidential
primary next June "regardless" of
what Vice President Richard Nixon
docs.
Knight, who has been at political
odds with Nixon for years, made it
clear, in an interview marking the
start of his third year as governor,
that he expects to control the 70-
vote California delegation next year.
SACRAMENTO—Gov. Goodwin J.
Knight said today that if President
Eisenhower does not run for rc-elec
tion he will head a "favorite son"
ticket in the California presidential
primary next June "regardless" of
what Vice President Richard Nixon
docs.
Knight, who has been at political
odds with Nixon for years, made it
clear, in an interview marking the
start of his third year as governor,
that he expects to control the 70-
vote California delegation next year.
SACRAMENTO—Gov. Goodwin J.
Knight said today that if President
Eisenhower does not run for rc-elec
tion he will head a "favorite son"
ticket in the California presidential
primary next June "regardless" of
what Vice President Richard Nixon
docs.
Knight, who has been at political
odds with Nixon for years, made it
clear, in an interview marking the
start of his third year as governor,
that he expects to control the 70-
vote California delegation next year.
SACRAMENTO—Gov. Goodwin J.
Knight said today that if President
Eisenhower does not run for rc-elec
tion he will head a "favorite son"
ticket in the California presidential
primary next June "regardless" of
what Vice President Richard Nixon
docs.
Knight, who has been at political
odds with Nixon for years, made it
clear, in an interview marking the
start of his third year as governor,
that he expects to control the 70-
vote California delegation next year.
SACRAMENTO—Gov. Goodwin J.
Knight said today that if President
Eisenhower does not run for rc-elec
tion he will head a "favorite son"
ticket in the California presidential
primary next June "regardless" of
what Vice President Richard Nixon
docs.
Knight, who has been at political
odds with Nixon for years, made it
clear, in an interview marking the
start of his third year as governor,
that he expects to control the 70-
vote California delegation next year.
SACRAMENTO—Gov. Goodwin J.
Knight said today that if President
Eisenhower does not run for rc-elec
tion he will head a "favorite son"
ticket in the California presidential
primary next June "regardless" of
what Vice President Richard Nixon
docs.
Knight, who has been at political
odds with Nixon for years, made it
clear, in an interview marking the
start of his third year as governor,
that he expects to control the 70-
vote California delegation next year.
SACRAMENTO—Gov. Goodwin J.
Knight said today that if President
Eisenhower does not run for rc-elec
tion he will head a "favorite son"
ticket in the California presidential
primary next June "regardless" of
what Vice President Richard Nixon
docs.
Knight, who has been at political
odds with Nixon for years, made it
clear, in an interview marking the
start of his third year as governor,
that he expects to control the 70-
vote California delegation next year.
SACRAMENTO—Gov. Goodwin J.
Knight said today that if President
Eisenhower does not run for rc-elec
tion he will head a "favorite son"
ticket in the California presidential
primary next June "regardless" of
what Vice President Richard Nixon
docs.
Knight, who has been at political
odds with Nixon for years, made it
clear, in an interview marking the
start of his third year as governor,
that he expects to control the 70-
vote California delegation next year.
