# Bryn Mawr Scholarship.
## 
### 
A notice was posted on the quad
to-day announcing the offer of cer
tain scholarships to women by Bryn
Mawr University. There a total of
eleven fellowships granted yearly,
eight of which may be bestowed on
graduates of universities other than
Bryn Mawr. Unusual excellence in
scholarship, and one year of gradu
ate work after taking a degree, are
the necessary qualifications. Full
information can be obtained at the
President's office,where several leaf
lets giving all details are at hand.
A notice was posted on the quad
to-day announcing the offer of cer
tain scholarships to women by Bryn
Mawr University. There a total of
eleven fellowships granted yearly,
eight of which may be bestowed on
graduates of universities other than
Bryn Mawr. Unusual excellence in
scholarship, and one year of gradu
ate work after taking a degree, are
the necessary qualifications. Full
information can be obtained at the
President's office,where several leaf
lets giving all details are at hand.
A notice was posted on the quad
to-day announcing the offer of cer
tain scholarships to women by Bryn
Mawr University. There a total of
eleven fellowships granted yearly,
eight of which may be bestowed on
graduates of universities other than
Bryn Mawr. Unusual excellence in
scholarship, and one year of gradu
ate work after taking a degree, are
the necessary qualifications. Full
information can be obtained at the
President's office,where several leaf
lets giving all details are at hand.
A notice was posted on the quad
to-day announcing the offer of cer
tain scholarships to women by Bryn
Mawr University. There a total of
eleven fellowships granted yearly,
eight of which may be bestowed on
graduates of universities other than
Bryn Mawr. Unusual excellence in
scholarship, and one year of gradu
ate work after taking a degree, are
the necessary qualifications. Full
information can be obtained at the
President's office,where several leaf
lets giving all details are at hand.
A notice was posted on the quad
to-day announcing the offer of cer
tain scholarships to women by Bryn
Mawr University. There a total of
eleven fellowships granted yearly,
eight of which may be bestowed on
graduates of universities other than
Bryn Mawr. Unusual excellence in
scholarship, and one year of gradu
ate work after taking a degree, are
the necessary qualifications. Full
information can be obtained at the
President's office,where several leaf
lets giving all details are at hand.
A notice was posted on the quad
to-day announcing the offer of cer
tain scholarships to women by Bryn
Mawr University. There a total of
eleven fellowships granted yearly,
eight of which may be bestowed on
graduates of universities other than
Bryn Mawr. Unusual excellence in
scholarship, and one year of gradu
ate work after taking a degree, are
the necessary qualifications. Full
information can be obtained at the
President's office,where several leaf
lets giving all details are at hand.
A notice was posted on the quad
to-day announcing the offer of cer
tain scholarships to women by Bryn
Mawr University. There a total of
eleven fellowships granted yearly,
eight of which may be bestowed on
graduates of universities other than
Bryn Mawr. Unusual excellence in
scholarship, and one year of gradu
ate work after taking a degree, are
the necessary qualifications. Full
information can be obtained at the
President's office,where several leaf
lets giving all details are at hand.
A notice was posted on the quad
to-day announcing the offer of cer
tain scholarships to women by Bryn
Mawr University. There a total of
eleven fellowships granted yearly,
eight of which may be bestowed on
graduates of universities other than
Bryn Mawr. Unusual excellence in
scholarship, and one year of gradu
ate work after taking a degree, are
the necessary qualifications. Full
information can be obtained at the
President's office,where several leaf
lets giving all details are at hand.
