# Letter
## 
### 
Authoritarian
If I read Robert Wesson's
opinion (Daily, Aug 10) cor
rectly, then it would seem that
for example the authoritarian
Hitler was preferable to the to
talitarian Stalin From this one
could infer that our govern
ment's military allience with
the USSR during World War II
was mistaken
Joseph Hill
Encina Commons
Authoritarian
If I read Robert Wesson's
opinion (Daily, Aug 10) cor
rectly, then it would seem that
for example the authoritarian
Hitler was preferable to the to
talitarian Stalin From this one
could infer that our govern
ment's military allience with
the USSR during World War II
was mistaken
Joseph Hill
Encina Commons
Authoritarian
If I read Robert Wesson's
opinion (Daily, Aug 10) cor
rectly, then it would seem that
for example the authoritarian
Hitler was preferable to the to
talitarian Stalin From this one
could infer that our govern
ment's military allience with
the USSR during World War II
was mistaken
Joseph Hill
Encina Commons
Authoritarian
If I read Robert Wesson's
opinion (Daily, Aug 10) cor
rectly, then it would seem that
for example the authoritarian
Hitler was preferable to the to
talitarian Stalin From this one
could infer that our govern
ment's military allience with
the USSR during World War II
was mistaken
Joseph Hill
Encina Commons
Authoritarian
If I read Robert Wesson's
opinion (Daily, Aug 10) cor
rectly, then it would seem that
for example the authoritarian
Hitler was preferable to the to
talitarian Stalin From this one
could infer that our govern
ment's military allience with
the USSR during World War II
was mistaken
Joseph Hill
Encina Commons
Authoritarian
If I read Robert Wesson's
opinion (Daily, Aug 10) cor
rectly, then it would seem that
for example the authoritarian
Hitler was preferable to the to
talitarian Stalin From this one
could infer that our govern
ment's military allience with
the USSR during World War II
was mistaken
Joseph Hill
Encina Commons
Authoritarian
If I read Robert Wesson's
opinion (Daily, Aug 10) cor
rectly, then it would seem that
for example the authoritarian
Hitler was preferable to the to
talitarian Stalin From this one
could infer that our govern
ment's military allience with
the USSR during World War II
was mistaken
Joseph Hill
Encina Commons
Authoritarian
If I read Robert Wesson's
opinion (Daily, Aug 10) cor
rectly, then it would seem that
for example the authoritarian
Hitler was preferable to the to
talitarian Stalin From this one
could infer that our govern
ment's military allience with
the USSR during World War II
was mistaken
Joseph Hill
Encina Commons
