# REDS OUST “WHITE GUARDS” FROM VLADIVOSTOK
## 
### (By United Press 
HONOLULU, T. H., Oct. 31.—Press
dispatches from Tokio to the Nippu
Jiji, Japanese language newspaper
published here, describe the reported
flight of thousands of Russian "white
guards" and civilians from the Vladi
vostok region ihto Korea.
The dispatches declared 10,000 of
these were fleeing from the "Red"
forces which now have control of the
Vladivostok area following Japanese
evacuation.
The fleeing anti-Bolshevik forces, the
reports here said, were robbing and
burning as they entered Korea.
HONOLULU, T. H., Oct. 31.—Press
dispatches from Tokio to the Nippu
Jiji, Japanese language newspaper
published here, describe the reported
flight of thousands of Russian "white
guards" and civilians from the Vladi
vostok region ihto Korea.
The dispatches declared 10,000 of
these were fleeing from the "Red"
forces which now have control of the
Vladivostok area following Japanese
evacuation.
The fleeing anti-Bolshevik forces, the
reports here said, were robbing and
burning as they entered Korea.
HONOLULU, T. H., Oct. 31.—Press
dispatches from Tokio to the Nippu
Jiji, Japanese language newspaper
published here, describe the reported
flight of thousands of Russian "white
guards" and civilians from the Vladi
vostok region ihto Korea.
The dispatches declared 10,000 of
these were fleeing from the "Red"
forces which now have control of the
Vladivostok area following Japanese
evacuation.
The fleeing anti-Bolshevik forces, the
reports here said, were robbing and
burning as they entered Korea.
HONOLULU, T. H., Oct. 31.—Press
dispatches from Tokio to the Nippu
Jiji, Japanese language newspaper
published here, describe the reported
flight of thousands of Russian "white
guards" and civilians from the Vladi
vostok region ihto Korea.
The dispatches declared 10,000 of
these were fleeing from the "Red"
forces which now have control of the
Vladivostok area following Japanese
evacuation.
The fleeing anti-Bolshevik forces, the
reports here said, were robbing and
burning as they entered Korea.
HONOLULU, T. H., Oct. 31.—Press
dispatches from Tokio to the Nippu
Jiji, Japanese language newspaper
published here, describe the reported
flight of thousands of Russian "white
guards" and civilians from the Vladi
vostok region ihto Korea.
The dispatches declared 10,000 of
these were fleeing from the "Red"
forces which now have control of the
Vladivostok area following Japanese
evacuation.
The fleeing anti-Bolshevik forces, the
reports here said, were robbing and
burning as they entered Korea.
HONOLULU, T. H., Oct. 31.—Press
dispatches from Tokio to the Nippu
Jiji, Japanese language newspaper
published here, describe the reported
flight of thousands of Russian "white
guards" and civilians from the Vladi
vostok region ihto Korea.
The dispatches declared 10,000 of
these were fleeing from the "Red"
forces which now have control of the
Vladivostok area following Japanese
evacuation.
The fleeing anti-Bolshevik forces, the
reports here said, were robbing and
burning as they entered Korea.
HONOLULU, T. H., Oct. 31.—Press
dispatches from Tokio to the Nippu
Jiji, Japanese language newspaper
published here, describe the reported
flight of thousands of Russian "white
guards" and civilians from the Vladi
vostok region ihto Korea.
The dispatches declared 10,000 of
these were fleeing from the "Red"
forces which now have control of the
Vladivostok area following Japanese
evacuation.
The fleeing anti-Bolshevik forces, the
reports here said, were robbing and
burning as they entered Korea.
HONOLULU, T. H., Oct. 31.—Press
dispatches from Tokio to the Nippu
Jiji, Japanese language newspaper
published here, describe the reported
flight of thousands of Russian "white
guards" and civilians from the Vladi
vostok region ihto Korea.
The dispatches declared 10,000 of
these were fleeing from the "Red"
forces which now have control of the
Vladivostok area following Japanese
evacuation.
The fleeing anti-Bolshevik forces, the
reports here said, were robbing and
burning as they entered Korea.
HONOLULU, T. H., Oct. 31.—Press
dispatches from Tokio to the Nippu
Jiji, Japanese language newspaper
published here, describe the reported
flight of thousands of Russian "white
guards" and civilians from the Vladi
vostok region ihto Korea.
The dispatches declared 10,000 of
these were fleeing from the "Red"
forces which now have control of the
Vladivostok area following Japanese
evacuation.
The fleeing anti-Bolshevik forces, the
reports here said, were robbing and
burning as they entered Korea.
HONOLULU, T. H., Oct. 31.—Press
dispatches from Tokio to the Nippu
Jiji, Japanese language newspaper
published here, describe the reported
flight of thousands of Russian "white
guards" and civilians from the Vladi
vostok region ihto Korea.
The dispatches declared 10,000 of
these were fleeing from the "Red"
forces which now have control of the
Vladivostok area following Japanese
evacuation.
The fleeing anti-Bolshevik forces, the
reports here said, were robbing and
burning as they entered Korea.
HONOLULU, T. H., Oct. 31.—Press
dispatches from Tokio to the Nippu
Jiji, Japanese language newspaper
published here, describe the reported
flight of thousands of Russian "white
guards" and civilians from the Vladi
vostok region ihto Korea.
The dispatches declared 10,000 of
these were fleeing from the "Red"
forces which now have control of the
Vladivostok area following Japanese
evacuation.
The fleeing anti-Bolshevik forces, the
reports here said, were robbing and
burning as they entered Korea.
HONOLULU, T. H., Oct. 31.—Press
dispatches from Tokio to the Nippu
Jiji, Japanese language newspaper
published here, describe the reported
flight of thousands of Russian "white
guards" and civilians from the Vladi
vostok region ihto Korea.
The dispatches declared 10,000 of
these were fleeing from the "Red"
forces which now have control of the
Vladivostok area following Japanese
evacuation.
The fleeing anti-Bolshevik forces, the
reports here said, were robbing and
burning as they entered Korea.
HONOLULU, T. H., Oct. 31.—Press
dispatches from Tokio to the Nippu
Jiji, Japanese language newspaper
published here, describe the reported
flight of thousands of Russian "white
guards" and civilians from the Vladi
vostok region ihto Korea.
The dispatches declared 10,000 of
these were fleeing from the "Red"
forces which now have control of the
Vladivostok area following Japanese
evacuation.
The fleeing anti-Bolshevik forces, the
reports here said, were robbing and
burning as they entered Korea.
HONOLULU, T. H., Oct. 31.—Press
dispatches from Tokio to the Nippu
Jiji, Japanese language newspaper
published here, describe the reported
flight of thousands of Russian "white
guards" and civilians from the Vladi
vostok region ihto Korea.
The dispatches declared 10,000 of
these were fleeing from the "Red"
forces which now have control of the
Vladivostok area following Japanese
evacuation.
The fleeing anti-Bolshevik forces, the
reports here said, were robbing and
burning as they entered Korea.
