# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
To know
how good a cigarette /-v
really can be made/ Ja
you must trya^p^^
i\STR!KE
IT'S TOASTED"/
To know
how good a cigarette /-v
really can be made/ Ja
you must trya^p^^
i\STR!KE
IT'S TOASTED"/
To know
how good a cigarette /-v
really can be made/ Ja
you must trya^p^^
i\STR!KE
IT'S TOASTED"/
To know
how good a cigarette /-v
really can be made/ Ja
you must trya^p^^
i\STR!KE
IT'S TOASTED"/
To know
how good a cigarette /-v
really can be made/ Ja
you must trya^p^^
i\STR!KE
IT'S TOASTED"/
To know
how good a cigarette /-v
really can be made/ Ja
you must trya^p^^
i\STR!KE
IT'S TOASTED"/
To know
how good a cigarette /-v
really can be made/ Ja
you must trya^p^^
i\STR!KE
IT'S TOASTED"/
To know
how good a cigarette /-v
really can be made/ Ja
you must trya^p^^
i\STR!KE
IT'S TOASTED"/
To know
how good a cigarette /-v
really can be made/ Ja
you must trya^p^^
i\STR!KE
IT'S TOASTED"/
To know
how good a cigarette /-v
really can be made/ Ja
you must trya^p^^
i\STR!KE
IT'S TOASTED"/
To know
how good a cigarette /-v
really can be made/ Ja
you must trya^p^^
i\STR!KE
IT'S TOASTED"/
To know
how good a cigarette /-v
really can be made/ Ja
you must trya^p^^
i\STR!KE
IT'S TOASTED"/
To know
how good a cigarette /-v
really can be made/ Ja
you must trya^p^^
i\STR!KE
IT'S TOASTED"/
To know
how good a cigarette /-v
really can be made/ Ja
you must trya^p^^
i\STR!KE
IT'S TOASTED"/
To know
how good a cigarette /-v
really can be made/ Ja
you must trya^p^^
i\STR!KE
IT'S TOASTED"/
