# TRYOUTEES FOR '26 JUNIOR QUAD WILL CONVENE TOMORROW
## Charles White, 24, Outlines Advantageous Features of Managership 
### Charles B. White 
The first meeting for tryoutees for
manager and editor of the 1926 Quad
will be held at 7:15 p.m., Thursday, at
the Quad office, upstairs in the Ad
ministration Building. All sophomores
are eligible.

THE QUAD MANAGER

Manager 1924 Quad
Mr. '26 Sophomore: This is the year
that "puts you on the boat," if you
will avail yourself of the many lines
of opportunity offered in student ac
tivities. Consider this one: here are
some of the advantages of the Quad
managerial job—
First, tht, business experience gained*
in managing a publication of the size
of the Quad is equal to a quarter's
academic work«in the University. The
manager has full charge of making
six contracts, ranging from $1,000 to
$5,000. He handles funds of the book
totalling about $20,000. William Vos__
burgh, manager of the 1922 Quad, re
cently said that there were few posi
tions in the business world that one
gets during the first eight years out
of college, from which one gets such
valuable experience and such exten
sive control of money. In addition ,to
the experience phase of the job and
the distinction of doing something con
crete for the University, there is a
substantial salary attached to the po
sition.
Previous experience is unnecessary: j.
this has been repeatedly demonstrated
in the past. The tryout period is rela
tively short, lasting only from October
until May. Moreover, every tryoutee is
assured a fair deal by the merit sys-j
tem. The nominations for manager are
made on the basis of actual work done.
In this way the class is informed of
the relative standing of the candi
dates. Under such a system, merit, and
not campus affiliation has been the
basis of choice in recent elections.
