# Tennis Entries Close Tonight
## 
### 
Entries for the summer quarter
tennis tournament close tonight, ac
cording to Clayton Frye, physical
education instructor. Twenty-three
entries have already been turned in,
and more were coming in late yes
terday. Competition will be in sin
gles only.
Friday is the last day to file en
tries for the handball and volley
ball tournaments.
Only eight entries have been re
ceived for the handball tourney,
which will be for doubles only. Mr.
Frye states that the tournament
probably will not be held unless at
least 12 entries are received.
Three teams have signed up for
the volley ball competition. Accord
ing to Mr. Frye, at least six teams
will be necessary to hold a good
tournament.
Trophies will be awarded the win
ner in all three tournaments.
