# Adv. 38 Page 13
## 
### 
SUBJECTS WANTED
$5 for 20 minutes, over the web!
First ten people get homemade
cookies. Easy fun survey, listen
to people and tell me what they
are like. Stanford students only
www.stanford.edu/~kcat/study
Stanford Dermatology Dept. seeks
adult volunteers w/ Psoriasis,
currently using topical steroids
for research study on patient
education. Call 650-724-3617.
TUTORING
All academics esp. German
$25-30/ hr. Near Stanford,
part-time, flexible. 941-4350,
493-5512 evenings.
EXPERIENCED SAT TUTORS NEEDED
long term, $2(Vhr, e-mailo resume
to globaldassroom@sbcglobal.net
HS Spanish Tutor Wanted. $20/ hr
Near Stanford. Flexible hours.
Email rhonda@caledplan.com
Needed Spanish & Biology tutors
for 9th grader. Evening/1 hr/week
each subj. potchny@yahoo.com-
Tutors Needed: All Subj, Exp Pref
Flex Sched, $20+/ HR, APPLY ONUNE
www.buddystem.conVjobs.html
