# DICK SIEBERT SIGNS
## 
### 
Connie Mack, manager of the Phil
adelphia Athletics, announced yes
terday that Dick Siebert, persistent
holdout, has signed his contract.
Connie Mack, manager of the Phil
adelphia Athletics, announced yes
terday that Dick Siebert, persistent
holdout, has signed his contract.
Connie Mack, manager of the Phil
adelphia Athletics, announced yes
terday that Dick Siebert, persistent
holdout, has signed his contract.
Connie Mack, manager of the Phil
adelphia Athletics, announced yes
terday that Dick Siebert, persistent
holdout, has signed his contract.
Connie Mack, manager of the Phil
adelphia Athletics, announced yes
terday that Dick Siebert, persistent
holdout, has signed his contract.
Connie Mack, manager of the Phil
adelphia Athletics, announced yes
terday that Dick Siebert, persistent
holdout, has signed his contract.
Connie Mack, manager of the Phil
adelphia Athletics, announced yes
terday that Dick Siebert, persistent
holdout, has signed his contract.
Connie Mack, manager of the Phil
adelphia Athletics, announced yes
terday that Dick Siebert, persistent
holdout, has signed his contract.
Connie Mack, manager of the Phil
adelphia Athletics, announced yes
terday that Dick Siebert, persistent
holdout, has signed his contract.
Connie Mack, manager of the Phil
adelphia Athletics, announced yes
terday that Dick Siebert, persistent
holdout, has signed his contract.
Connie Mack, manager of the Phil
adelphia Athletics, announced yes
terday that Dick Siebert, persistent
holdout, has signed his contract.
Connie Mack, manager of the Phil
adelphia Athletics, announced yes
terday that Dick Siebert, persistent
holdout, has signed his contract.
Connie Mack, manager of the Phil
adelphia Athletics, announced yes
terday that Dick Siebert, persistent
holdout, has signed his contract.
Connie Mack, manager of the Phil
adelphia Athletics, announced yes
terday that Dick Siebert, persistent
holdout, has signed his contract.
Connie Mack, manager of the Phil
adelphia Athletics, announced yes
terday that Dick Siebert, persistent
holdout, has signed his contract.
Connie Mack, manager of the Phil
adelphia Athletics, announced yes
terday that Dick Siebert, persistent
holdout, has signed his contract.
Connie Mack, manager of the Phil
adelphia Athletics, announced yes
terday that Dick Siebert, persistent
holdout, has signed his contract.
Connie Mack, manager of the Phil
adelphia Athletics, announced yes
terday that Dick Siebert, persistent
holdout, has signed his contract.
