# Excom to Talk About Elections
## Horton Will Propose Change of System 
### 
Centering discussion around Harry
Horton's plan to change the method
of electing members to the student
Executive Committee, Excom meets
tonight at 7:30 in the A.S.S.U. com
mittee room.
This quarter's student body elec
tions, which have been postponed to
the fourth week of the quarter, will
also be discussed. Bob Crary, stu
dent chairman of the Family Call,
will submit a final report on the
donations taken in last quarter.
Under Horton's plan, members of
Excom would be elected from de
partments instead of classes. He
maintains that such a change is de
sirable since most students will be
taking their work more seriously
and one of the classes will be elimi
nated with the new four-quarter
school year.
Pat Adams, A.S.S.U. vice-presi
dent, will be in charge of the meet
ing tonight in the absence of George
Jackson. This meeting will be open
to all students, Miss Adams empha
sized.
Centering discussion around Harry
Horton's plan to change the method
of electing members to the student
Executive Committee, Excom meets
tonight at 7:30 in the A.S.S.U. com
mittee room.
This quarter's student body elec
tions, which have been postponed to
the fourth week of the quarter, will
also be discussed. Bob Crary, stu
dent chairman of the Family Call,
will submit a final report on the
donations taken in last quarter.
Under Horton's plan, members of
Excom would be elected from de
partments instead of classes. He
maintains that such a change is de
sirable since most students will be
taking their work more seriously
and one of the classes will be elimi
nated with the new four-quarter
school year.
Pat Adams, A.S.S.U. vice-presi
dent, will be in charge of the meet
ing tonight in the absence of George
Jackson. This meeting will be open
to all students, Miss Adams empha
sized.
Centering discussion around Harry
Horton's plan to change the method
of electing members to the student
Executive Committee, Excom meets
tonight at 7:30 in the A.S.S.U. com
mittee room.
This quarter's student body elec
tions, which have been postponed to
the fourth week of the quarter, will
also be discussed. Bob Crary, stu
dent chairman of the Family Call,
will submit a final report on the
donations taken in last quarter.
Under Horton's plan, members of
Excom would be elected from de
partments instead of classes. He
maintains that such a change is de
sirable since most students will be
taking their work more seriously
and one of the classes will be elimi
nated with the new four-quarter
school year.
Pat Adams, A.S.S.U. vice-presi
dent, will be in charge of the meet
ing tonight in the absence of George
Jackson. This meeting will be open
to all students, Miss Adams empha
sized.
Centering discussion around Harry
Horton's plan to change the method
of electing members to the student
Executive Committee, Excom meets
tonight at 7:30 in the A.S.S.U. com
mittee room.
This quarter's student body elec
tions, which have been postponed to
the fourth week of the quarter, will
also be discussed. Bob Crary, stu
dent chairman of the Family Call,
will submit a final report on the
donations taken in last quarter.
Under Horton's plan, members of
Excom would be elected from de
partments instead of classes. He
maintains that such a change is de
sirable since most students will be
taking their work more seriously
and one of the classes will be elimi
nated with the new four-quarter
school year.
Pat Adams, A.S.S.U. vice-presi
dent, will be in charge of the meet
ing tonight in the absence of George
Jackson. This meeting will be open
to all students, Miss Adams empha
sized.
Centering discussion around Harry
Horton's plan to change the method
of electing members to the student
Executive Committee, Excom meets
tonight at 7:30 in the A.S.S.U. com
mittee room.
This quarter's student body elec
tions, which have been postponed to
the fourth week of the quarter, will
also be discussed. Bob Crary, stu
dent chairman of the Family Call,
will submit a final report on the
donations taken in last quarter.
Under Horton's plan, members of
Excom would be elected from de
partments instead of classes. He
maintains that such a change is de
sirable since most students will be
taking their work more seriously
and one of the classes will be elimi
nated with the new four-quarter
school year.
Pat Adams, A.S.S.U. vice-presi
dent, will be in charge of the meet
ing tonight in the absence of George
Jackson. This meeting will be open
to all students, Miss Adams empha
sized.
Centering discussion around Harry
Horton's plan to change the method
of electing members to the student
Executive Committee, Excom meets
tonight at 7:30 in the A.S.S.U. com
mittee room.
This quarter's student body elec
tions, which have been postponed to
the fourth week of the quarter, will
also be discussed. Bob Crary, stu
dent chairman of the Family Call,
will submit a final report on the
donations taken in last quarter.
Under Horton's plan, members of
Excom would be elected from de
partments instead of classes. He
maintains that such a change is de
sirable since most students will be
taking their work more seriously
and one of the classes will be elimi
nated with the new four-quarter
school year.
Pat Adams, A.S.S.U. vice-presi
dent, will be in charge of the meet
ing tonight in the absence of George
Jackson. This meeting will be open
to all students, Miss Adams empha
sized.
Centering discussion around Harry
Horton's plan to change the method
of electing members to the student
Executive Committee, Excom meets
tonight at 7:30 in the A.S.S.U. com
mittee room.
This quarter's student body elec
tions, which have been postponed to
the fourth week of the quarter, will
also be discussed. Bob Crary, stu
dent chairman of the Family Call,
will submit a final report on the
donations taken in last quarter.
Under Horton's plan, members of
Excom would be elected from de
partments instead of classes. He
maintains that such a change is de
sirable since most students will be
taking their work more seriously
and one of the classes will be elimi
nated with the new four-quarter
school year.
Pat Adams, A.S.S.U. vice-presi
dent, will be in charge of the meet
ing tonight in the absence of George
Jackson. This meeting will be open
to all students, Miss Adams empha
sized.
Centering discussion around Harry
Horton's plan to change the method
of electing members to the student
Executive Committee, Excom meets
tonight at 7:30 in the A.S.S.U. com
mittee room.
This quarter's student body elec
tions, which have been postponed to
the fourth week of the quarter, will
also be discussed. Bob Crary, stu
dent chairman of the Family Call,
will submit a final report on the
donations taken in last quarter.
Under Horton's plan, members of
Excom would be elected from de
partments instead of classes. He
maintains that such a change is de
sirable since most students will be
taking their work more seriously
and one of the classes will be elimi
nated with the new four-quarter
school year.
Pat Adams, A.S.S.U. vice-presi
dent, will be in charge of the meet
ing tonight in the absence of George
Jackson. This meeting will be open
to all students, Miss Adams empha
sized.
Centering discussion around Harry
Horton's plan to change the method
of electing members to the student
Executive Committee, Excom meets
tonight at 7:30 in the A.S.S.U. com
mittee room.
This quarter's student body elec
tions, which have been postponed to
the fourth week of the quarter, will
also be discussed. Bob Crary, stu
dent chairman of the Family Call,
will submit a final report on the
donations taken in last quarter.
Under Horton's plan, members of
Excom would be elected from de
partments instead of classes. He
maintains that such a change is de
sirable since most students will be
taking their work more seriously
and one of the classes will be elimi
nated with the new four-quarter
school year.
Pat Adams, A.S.S.U. vice-presi
dent, will be in charge of the meet
ing tonight in the absence of George
Jackson. This meeting will be open
to all students, Miss Adams empha
sized.
Centering discussion around Harry
Horton's plan to change the method
of electing members to the student
Executive Committee, Excom meets
tonight at 7:30 in the A.S.S.U. com
mittee room.
This quarter's student body elec
tions, which have been postponed to
the fourth week of the quarter, will
also be discussed. Bob Crary, stu
dent chairman of the Family Call,
will submit a final report on the
donations taken in last quarter.
Under Horton's plan, members of
Excom would be elected from de
partments instead of classes. He
maintains that such a change is de
sirable since most students will be
taking their work more seriously
and one of the classes will be elimi
nated with the new four-quarter
school year.
Pat Adams, A.S.S.U. vice-presi
dent, will be in charge of the meet
ing tonight in the absence of George
Jackson. This meeting will be open
to all students, Miss Adams empha
sized.
Centering discussion around Harry
Horton's plan to change the method
of electing members to the student
Executive Committee, Excom meets
tonight at 7:30 in the A.S.S.U. com
mittee room.
This quarter's student body elec
tions, which have been postponed to
the fourth week of the quarter, will
also be discussed. Bob Crary, stu
dent chairman of the Family Call,
will submit a final report on the
donations taken in last quarter.
Under Horton's plan, members of
Excom would be elected from de
partments instead of classes. He
maintains that such a change is de
sirable since most students will be
taking their work more seriously
and one of the classes will be elimi
nated with the new four-quarter
school year.
Pat Adams, A.S.S.U. vice-presi
dent, will be in charge of the meet
ing tonight in the absence of George
Jackson. This meeting will be open
to all students, Miss Adams empha
sized.
Centering discussion around Harry
Horton's plan to change the method
of electing members to the student
Executive Committee, Excom meets
tonight at 7:30 in the A.S.S.U. com
mittee room.
This quarter's student body elec
tions, which have been postponed to
the fourth week of the quarter, will
also be discussed. Bob Crary, stu
dent chairman of the Family Call,
will submit a final report on the
donations taken in last quarter.
Under Horton's plan, members of
Excom would be elected from de
partments instead of classes. He
maintains that such a change is de
sirable since most students will be
taking their work more seriously
and one of the classes will be elimi
nated with the new four-quarter
school year.
Pat Adams, A.S.S.U. vice-presi
dent, will be in charge of the meet
ing tonight in the absence of George
Jackson. This meeting will be open
to all students, Miss Adams empha
sized.
Centering discussion around Harry
Horton's plan to change the method
of electing members to the student
Executive Committee, Excom meets
tonight at 7:30 in the A.S.S.U. com
mittee room.
This quarter's student body elec
tions, which have been postponed to
the fourth week of the quarter, will
also be discussed. Bob Crary, stu
dent chairman of the Family Call,
will submit a final report on the
donations taken in last quarter.
Under Horton's plan, members of
Excom would be elected from de
partments instead of classes. He
maintains that such a change is de
sirable since most students will be
taking their work more seriously
and one of the classes will be elimi
nated with the new four-quarter
school year.
Pat Adams, A.S.S.U. vice-presi
dent, will be in charge of the meet
ing tonight in the absence of George
Jackson. This meeting will be open
to all students, Miss Adams empha
sized.
Centering discussion around Harry
Horton's plan to change the method
of electing members to the student
Executive Committee, Excom meets
tonight at 7:30 in the A.S.S.U. com
mittee room.
This quarter's student body elec
tions, which have been postponed to
the fourth week of the quarter, will
also be discussed. Bob Crary, stu
dent chairman of the Family Call,
will submit a final report on the
donations taken in last quarter.
Under Horton's plan, members of
Excom would be elected from de
partments instead of classes. He
maintains that such a change is de
sirable since most students will be
taking their work more seriously
and one of the classes will be elimi
nated with the new four-quarter
school year.
Pat Adams, A.S.S.U. vice-presi
dent, will be in charge of the meet
ing tonight in the absence of George
Jackson. This meeting will be open
to all students, Miss Adams empha
sized.
Centering discussion around Harry
Horton's plan to change the method
of electing members to the student
Executive Committee, Excom meets
tonight at 7:30 in the A.S.S.U. com
mittee room.
This quarter's student body elec
tions, which have been postponed to
the fourth week of the quarter, will
also be discussed. Bob Crary, stu
dent chairman of the Family Call,
will submit a final report on the
donations taken in last quarter.
Under Horton's plan, members of
Excom would be elected from de
partments instead of classes. He
maintains that such a change is de
sirable since most students will be
taking their work more seriously
and one of the classes will be elimi
nated with the new four-quarter
school year.
Pat Adams, A.S.S.U. vice-presi
dent, will be in charge of the meet
ing tonight in the absence of George
Jackson. This meeting will be open
to all students, Miss Adams empha
sized.
Centering discussion around Harry
Horton's plan to change the method
of electing members to the student
Executive Committee, Excom meets
tonight at 7:30 in the A.S.S.U. com
mittee room.
This quarter's student body elec
tions, which have been postponed to
the fourth week of the quarter, will
also be discussed. Bob Crary, stu
dent chairman of the Family Call,
will submit a final report on the
donations taken in last quarter.
Under Horton's plan, members of
Excom would be elected from de
partments instead of classes. He
maintains that such a change is de
sirable since most students will be
taking their work more seriously
and one of the classes will be elimi
nated with the new four-quarter
school year.
Pat Adams, A.S.S.U. vice-presi
dent, will be in charge of the meet
ing tonight in the absence of George
Jackson. This meeting will be open
to all students, Miss Adams empha
sized.
Centering discussion around Harry
Horton's plan to change the method
of electing members to the student
Executive Committee, Excom meets
tonight at 7:30 in the A.S.S.U. com
mittee room.
This quarter's student body elec
tions, which have been postponed to
the fourth week of the quarter, will
also be discussed. Bob Crary, stu
dent chairman of the Family Call,
will submit a final report on the
donations taken in last quarter.
Under Horton's plan, members of
Excom would be elected from de
partments instead of classes. He
maintains that such a change is de
sirable since most students will be
taking their work more seriously
and one of the classes will be elimi
nated with the new four-quarter
school year.
Pat Adams, A.S.S.U. vice-presi
dent, will be in charge of the meet
ing tonight in the absence of George
Jackson. This meeting will be open
to all students, Miss Adams empha
sized.
Centering discussion around Harry
Horton's plan to change the method
of electing members to the student
Executive Committee, Excom meets
tonight at 7:30 in the A.S.S.U. com
mittee room.
This quarter's student body elec
tions, which have been postponed to
the fourth week of the quarter, will
also be discussed. Bob Crary, stu
dent chairman of the Family Call,
will submit a final report on the
donations taken in last quarter.
Under Horton's plan, members of
Excom would be elected from de
partments instead of classes. He
maintains that such a change is de
sirable since most students will be
taking their work more seriously
and one of the classes will be elimi
nated with the new four-quarter
school year.
Pat Adams, A.S.S.U. vice-presi
dent, will be in charge of the meet
ing tonight in the absence of George
Jackson. This meeting will be open
to all students, Miss Adams empha
sized.
