# Railroad Commissioner Is Visitor
## 
### 
Clifford Thorne, chairman of the
lowa State Railroad Commission, has
been the puest of Professor M. S.
Wildman of the Economics depart
ment, for the past few days.
Clifford Thorne, chairman of the
lowa State Railroad Commission, has
been the puest of Professor M. S.
Wildman of the Economics depart
ment, for the past few days.
Clifford Thorne, chairman of the
lowa State Railroad Commission, has
been the puest of Professor M. S.
Wildman of the Economics depart
ment, for the past few days.
Clifford Thorne, chairman of the
lowa State Railroad Commission, has
been the puest of Professor M. S.
Wildman of the Economics depart
ment, for the past few days.
Clifford Thorne, chairman of the
lowa State Railroad Commission, has
been the puest of Professor M. S.
Wildman of the Economics depart
ment, for the past few days.
Clifford Thorne, chairman of the
lowa State Railroad Commission, has
been the puest of Professor M. S.
Wildman of the Economics depart
ment, for the past few days.
Clifford Thorne, chairman of the
lowa State Railroad Commission, has
been the puest of Professor M. S.
Wildman of the Economics depart
ment, for the past few days.
Clifford Thorne, chairman of the
lowa State Railroad Commission, has
been the puest of Professor M. S.
Wildman of the Economics depart
ment, for the past few days.
Clifford Thorne, chairman of the
lowa State Railroad Commission, has
been the puest of Professor M. S.
Wildman of the Economics depart
ment, for the past few days.
Clifford Thorne, chairman of the
lowa State Railroad Commission, has
been the puest of Professor M. S.
Wildman of the Economics depart
ment, for the past few days.
Clifford Thorne, chairman of the
lowa State Railroad Commission, has
been the puest of Professor M. S.
Wildman of the Economics depart
ment, for the past few days.
Clifford Thorne, chairman of the
lowa State Railroad Commission, has
been the puest of Professor M. S.
Wildman of the Economics depart
ment, for the past few days.
Clifford Thorne, chairman of the
lowa State Railroad Commission, has
been the puest of Professor M. S.
Wildman of the Economics depart
ment, for the past few days.
