# Operation Confines Former Professor in Hospital
## 
### 
Professor Leander M. Hoskins, for
merly head of the Department of Ap
plied Mathematics, is recovering from
the results of an operation which has
confined him in the Palo Alto hospital
for two weeks.
Professor Hoskins, in addition to his
work in the Applied Mathematics de
partment, was also in the Department
of Civil Engineering since 1892. He
retired from active work last June.
Professor Leander M. Hoskins, for
merly head of the Department of Ap
plied Mathematics, is recovering from
the results of an operation which has
confined him in the Palo Alto hospital
for two weeks.
Professor Hoskins, in addition to his
work in the Applied Mathematics de
partment, was also in the Department
of Civil Engineering since 1892. He
retired from active work last June.
Professor Leander M. Hoskins, for
merly head of the Department of Ap
plied Mathematics, is recovering from
the results of an operation which has
confined him in the Palo Alto hospital
for two weeks.
Professor Hoskins, in addition to his
work in the Applied Mathematics de
partment, was also in the Department
of Civil Engineering since 1892. He
retired from active work last June.
Professor Leander M. Hoskins, for
merly head of the Department of Ap
plied Mathematics, is recovering from
the results of an operation which has
confined him in the Palo Alto hospital
for two weeks.
Professor Hoskins, in addition to his
work in the Applied Mathematics de
partment, was also in the Department
of Civil Engineering since 1892. He
retired from active work last June.
Professor Leander M. Hoskins, for
merly head of the Department of Ap
plied Mathematics, is recovering from
the results of an operation which has
confined him in the Palo Alto hospital
for two weeks.
Professor Hoskins, in addition to his
work in the Applied Mathematics de
partment, was also in the Department
of Civil Engineering since 1892. He
retired from active work last June.
Professor Leander M. Hoskins, for
merly head of the Department of Ap
plied Mathematics, is recovering from
the results of an operation which has
confined him in the Palo Alto hospital
for two weeks.
Professor Hoskins, in addition to his
work in the Applied Mathematics de
partment, was also in the Department
of Civil Engineering since 1892. He
retired from active work last June.
Professor Leander M. Hoskins, for
merly head of the Department of Ap
plied Mathematics, is recovering from
the results of an operation which has
confined him in the Palo Alto hospital
for two weeks.
Professor Hoskins, in addition to his
work in the Applied Mathematics de
partment, was also in the Department
of Civil Engineering since 1892. He
retired from active work last June.
Professor Leander M. Hoskins, for
merly head of the Department of Ap
plied Mathematics, is recovering from
the results of an operation which has
confined him in the Palo Alto hospital
for two weeks.
Professor Hoskins, in addition to his
work in the Applied Mathematics de
partment, was also in the Department
of Civil Engineering since 1892. He
retired from active work last June.
Professor Leander M. Hoskins, for
merly head of the Department of Ap
plied Mathematics, is recovering from
the results of an operation which has
confined him in the Palo Alto hospital
for two weeks.
Professor Hoskins, in addition to his
work in the Applied Mathematics de
partment, was also in the Department
of Civil Engineering since 1892. He
retired from active work last June.
Professor Leander M. Hoskins, for
merly head of the Department of Ap
plied Mathematics, is recovering from
the results of an operation which has
confined him in the Palo Alto hospital
for two weeks.
Professor Hoskins, in addition to his
work in the Applied Mathematics de
partment, was also in the Department
of Civil Engineering since 1892. He
retired from active work last June.
Professor Leander M. Hoskins, for
merly head of the Department of Ap
plied Mathematics, is recovering from
the results of an operation which has
confined him in the Palo Alto hospital
for two weeks.
Professor Hoskins, in addition to his
work in the Applied Mathematics de
partment, was also in the Department
of Civil Engineering since 1892. He
retired from active work last June.
Professor Leander M. Hoskins, for
merly head of the Department of Ap
plied Mathematics, is recovering from
the results of an operation which has
confined him in the Palo Alto hospital
for two weeks.
Professor Hoskins, in addition to his
work in the Applied Mathematics de
partment, was also in the Department
of Civil Engineering since 1892. He
retired from active work last June.
Professor Leander M. Hoskins, for
merly head of the Department of Ap
plied Mathematics, is recovering from
the results of an operation which has
confined him in the Palo Alto hospital
for two weeks.
Professor Hoskins, in addition to his
work in the Applied Mathematics de
partment, was also in the Department
of Civil Engineering since 1892. He
retired from active work last June.
Professor Leander M. Hoskins, for
merly head of the Department of Ap
plied Mathematics, is recovering from
the results of an operation which has
confined him in the Palo Alto hospital
for two weeks.
Professor Hoskins, in addition to his
work in the Applied Mathematics de
partment, was also in the Department
of Civil Engineering since 1892. He
retired from active work last June.
