# Week-End at Asilomar Planned for All Women
## 
### 
Amusement and sports will be the
chief activities of Stanford women
who attend the Asilomar house party
January 29 to 31. There will be no
conference features to the party, but
plenty of hikes, rides, eampfire get
togethers, and pure rest are promised
by those in charge. All Stanford
women are invited to spend the week
end at Asilomar.
Those who go will be taken to Asilo
mar in private cars. They will drive
clown on Friday, and return Sunday
evening.
Amusement and sports will be the
chief activities of Stanford women
who attend the Asilomar house party
January 29 to 31. There will be no
conference features to the party, but
plenty of hikes, rides, eampfire get
togethers, and pure rest are promised
by those in charge. All Stanford
women are invited to spend the week
end at Asilomar.
Those who go will be taken to Asilo
mar in private cars. They will drive
clown on Friday, and return Sunday
evening.
Amusement and sports will be the
chief activities of Stanford women
who attend the Asilomar house party
January 29 to 31. There will be no
conference features to the party, but
plenty of hikes, rides, eampfire get
togethers, and pure rest are promised
by those in charge. All Stanford
women are invited to spend the week
end at Asilomar.
Those who go will be taken to Asilo
mar in private cars. They will drive
clown on Friday, and return Sunday
evening.
Amusement and sports will be the
chief activities of Stanford women
who attend the Asilomar house party
January 29 to 31. There will be no
conference features to the party, but
plenty of hikes, rides, eampfire get
togethers, and pure rest are promised
by those in charge. All Stanford
women are invited to spend the week
end at Asilomar.
Those who go will be taken to Asilo
mar in private cars. They will drive
clown on Friday, and return Sunday
evening.
Amusement and sports will be the
chief activities of Stanford women
who attend the Asilomar house party
January 29 to 31. There will be no
conference features to the party, but
plenty of hikes, rides, eampfire get
togethers, and pure rest are promised
by those in charge. All Stanford
women are invited to spend the week
end at Asilomar.
Those who go will be taken to Asilo
mar in private cars. They will drive
clown on Friday, and return Sunday
evening.
Amusement and sports will be the
chief activities of Stanford women
who attend the Asilomar house party
January 29 to 31. There will be no
conference features to the party, but
plenty of hikes, rides, eampfire get
togethers, and pure rest are promised
by those in charge. All Stanford
women are invited to spend the week
end at Asilomar.
Those who go will be taken to Asilo
mar in private cars. They will drive
clown on Friday, and return Sunday
evening.
Amusement and sports will be the
chief activities of Stanford women
who attend the Asilomar house party
January 29 to 31. There will be no
conference features to the party, but
plenty of hikes, rides, eampfire get
togethers, and pure rest are promised
by those in charge. All Stanford
women are invited to spend the week
end at Asilomar.
Those who go will be taken to Asilo
mar in private cars. They will drive
clown on Friday, and return Sunday
evening.
Amusement and sports will be the
chief activities of Stanford women
who attend the Asilomar house party
January 29 to 31. There will be no
conference features to the party, but
plenty of hikes, rides, eampfire get
togethers, and pure rest are promised
by those in charge. All Stanford
women are invited to spend the week
end at Asilomar.
Those who go will be taken to Asilo
mar in private cars. They will drive
clown on Friday, and return Sunday
evening.
Amusement and sports will be the
chief activities of Stanford women
who attend the Asilomar house party
January 29 to 31. There will be no
conference features to the party, but
plenty of hikes, rides, eampfire get
togethers, and pure rest are promised
by those in charge. All Stanford
women are invited to spend the week
end at Asilomar.
Those who go will be taken to Asilo
mar in private cars. They will drive
clown on Friday, and return Sunday
evening.
Amusement and sports will be the
chief activities of Stanford women
who attend the Asilomar house party
January 29 to 31. There will be no
conference features to the party, but
plenty of hikes, rides, eampfire get
togethers, and pure rest are promised
by those in charge. All Stanford
women are invited to spend the week
end at Asilomar.
Those who go will be taken to Asilo
mar in private cars. They will drive
clown on Friday, and return Sunday
evening.
Amusement and sports will be the
chief activities of Stanford women
who attend the Asilomar house party
January 29 to 31. There will be no
conference features to the party, but
plenty of hikes, rides, eampfire get
togethers, and pure rest are promised
by those in charge. All Stanford
women are invited to spend the week
end at Asilomar.
Those who go will be taken to Asilo
mar in private cars. They will drive
clown on Friday, and return Sunday
evening.
Amusement and sports will be the
chief activities of Stanford women
who attend the Asilomar house party
January 29 to 31. There will be no
conference features to the party, but
plenty of hikes, rides, eampfire get
togethers, and pure rest are promised
by those in charge. All Stanford
women are invited to spend the week
end at Asilomar.
Those who go will be taken to Asilo
mar in private cars. They will drive
clown on Friday, and return Sunday
evening.
Amusement and sports will be the
chief activities of Stanford women
who attend the Asilomar house party
January 29 to 31. There will be no
conference features to the party, but
plenty of hikes, rides, eampfire get
togethers, and pure rest are promised
by those in charge. All Stanford
women are invited to spend the week
end at Asilomar.
Those who go will be taken to Asilo
mar in private cars. They will drive
clown on Friday, and return Sunday
evening.
Amusement and sports will be the
chief activities of Stanford women
who attend the Asilomar house party
January 29 to 31. There will be no
conference features to the party, but
plenty of hikes, rides, eampfire get
togethers, and pure rest are promised
by those in charge. All Stanford
women are invited to spend the week
end at Asilomar.
Those who go will be taken to Asilo
mar in private cars. They will drive
clown on Friday, and return Sunday
evening.
