# BARGAIN DANCE PLANNED
## 
### 
A bargain dance is planned by the
W.S.G.A. of the University of Indiana.
Only $1.49 will be charged for admis
sion and the women will be given the
opportunity to ask the men for dates.
A bargain dance is planned by the
W.S.G.A. of the University of Indiana.
Only $1.49 will be charged for admis
sion and the women will be given the
opportunity to ask the men for dates.
A bargain dance is planned by the
W.S.G.A. of the University of Indiana.
Only $1.49 will be charged for admis
sion and the women will be given the
opportunity to ask the men for dates.
A bargain dance is planned by the
W.S.G.A. of the University of Indiana.
Only $1.49 will be charged for admis
sion and the women will be given the
opportunity to ask the men for dates.
A bargain dance is planned by the
W.S.G.A. of the University of Indiana.
Only $1.49 will be charged for admis
sion and the women will be given the
opportunity to ask the men for dates.
A bargain dance is planned by the
W.S.G.A. of the University of Indiana.
Only $1.49 will be charged for admis
sion and the women will be given the
opportunity to ask the men for dates.
A bargain dance is planned by the
W.S.G.A. of the University of Indiana.
Only $1.49 will be charged for admis
sion and the women will be given the
opportunity to ask the men for dates.
A bargain dance is planned by the
W.S.G.A. of the University of Indiana.
Only $1.49 will be charged for admis
sion and the women will be given the
opportunity to ask the men for dates.
A bargain dance is planned by the
W.S.G.A. of the University of Indiana.
Only $1.49 will be charged for admis
sion and the women will be given the
opportunity to ask the men for dates.
A bargain dance is planned by the
W.S.G.A. of the University of Indiana.
Only $1.49 will be charged for admis
sion and the women will be given the
opportunity to ask the men for dates.
A bargain dance is planned by the
W.S.G.A. of the University of Indiana.
Only $1.49 will be charged for admis
sion and the women will be given the
opportunity to ask the men for dates.
A bargain dance is planned by the
W.S.G.A. of the University of Indiana.
Only $1.49 will be charged for admis
sion and the women will be given the
opportunity to ask the men for dates.
A bargain dance is planned by the
W.S.G.A. of the University of Indiana.
Only $1.49 will be charged for admis
sion and the women will be given the
opportunity to ask the men for dates.
A bargain dance is planned by the
W.S.G.A. of the University of Indiana.
Only $1.49 will be charged for admis
sion and the women will be given the
opportunity to ask the men for dates.
