# STUDENTS SUSPENDED
## 
### 
Five students of the University of
Indiana were recently suspended from
college for operating automobiles with
out first obtaining a permit from the
dean.
Five students of the University of
Indiana were recently suspended from
college for operating automobiles with
out first obtaining a permit from the
dean.
Five students of the University of
Indiana were recently suspended from
college for operating automobiles with
out first obtaining a permit from the
dean.
Five students of the University of
Indiana were recently suspended from
college for operating automobiles with
out first obtaining a permit from the
dean.
Five students of the University of
Indiana were recently suspended from
college for operating automobiles with
out first obtaining a permit from the
dean.
Five students of the University of
Indiana were recently suspended from
college for operating automobiles with
out first obtaining a permit from the
dean.
Five students of the University of
Indiana were recently suspended from
college for operating automobiles with
out first obtaining a permit from the
dean.
Five students of the University of
Indiana were recently suspended from
college for operating automobiles with
out first obtaining a permit from the
dean.
Five students of the University of
Indiana were recently suspended from
college for operating automobiles with
out first obtaining a permit from the
dean.
Five students of the University of
Indiana were recently suspended from
college for operating automobiles with
out first obtaining a permit from the
dean.
Five students of the University of
Indiana were recently suspended from
college for operating automobiles with
out first obtaining a permit from the
dean.
Five students of the University of
Indiana were recently suspended from
college for operating automobiles with
out first obtaining a permit from the
dean.
Five students of the University of
Indiana were recently suspended from
college for operating automobiles with
out first obtaining a permit from the
dean.
Five students of the University of
Indiana were recently suspended from
college for operating automobiles with
out first obtaining a permit from the
dean.
