# GOES TO MEXICO
## 
### 
C. A. Dobbel, '21, and his wife, who
have been visiting the former's par
ents in Palo Alto, left recently for
Sonora, Mexico, where Dobbel is to be
employed as a geologist and develop
mental engineer by a large copper
mining company.
lowa's football team took the long
est trip of a Big Ten team since 1920
when it came to the coast to play
U.S.C.
C. A. Dobbel, '21, and his wife, who
have been visiting the former's par
ents in Palo Alto, left recently for
Sonora, Mexico, where Dobbel is to be
employed as a geologist and develop
mental engineer by a large copper
mining company.
lowa's football team took the long
est trip of a Big Ten team since 1920
when it came to the coast to play
U.S.C.
C. A. Dobbel, '21, and his wife, who
have been visiting the former's par
ents in Palo Alto, left recently for
Sonora, Mexico, where Dobbel is to be
employed as a geologist and develop
mental engineer by a large copper
mining company.
lowa's football team took the long
est trip of a Big Ten team since 1920
when it came to the coast to play
U.S.C.
C. A. Dobbel, '21, and his wife, who
have been visiting the former's par
ents in Palo Alto, left recently for
Sonora, Mexico, where Dobbel is to be
employed as a geologist and develop
mental engineer by a large copper
mining company.
lowa's football team took the long
est trip of a Big Ten team since 1920
when it came to the coast to play
U.S.C.
C. A. Dobbel, '21, and his wife, who
have been visiting the former's par
ents in Palo Alto, left recently for
Sonora, Mexico, where Dobbel is to be
employed as a geologist and develop
mental engineer by a large copper
mining company.
lowa's football team took the long
est trip of a Big Ten team since 1920
when it came to the coast to play
U.S.C.
C. A. Dobbel, '21, and his wife, who
have been visiting the former's par
ents in Palo Alto, left recently for
Sonora, Mexico, where Dobbel is to be
employed as a geologist and develop
mental engineer by a large copper
mining company.
lowa's football team took the long
est trip of a Big Ten team since 1920
when it came to the coast to play
U.S.C.
C. A. Dobbel, '21, and his wife, who
have been visiting the former's par
ents in Palo Alto, left recently for
Sonora, Mexico, where Dobbel is to be
employed as a geologist and develop
mental engineer by a large copper
mining company.
lowa's football team took the long
est trip of a Big Ten team since 1920
when it came to the coast to play
U.S.C.
C. A. Dobbel, '21, and his wife, who
have been visiting the former's par
ents in Palo Alto, left recently for
Sonora, Mexico, where Dobbel is to be
employed as a geologist and develop
mental engineer by a large copper
mining company.
lowa's football team took the long
est trip of a Big Ten team since 1920
when it came to the coast to play
U.S.C.
C. A. Dobbel, '21, and his wife, who
have been visiting the former's par
ents in Palo Alto, left recently for
Sonora, Mexico, where Dobbel is to be
employed as a geologist and develop
mental engineer by a large copper
mining company.
lowa's football team took the long
est trip of a Big Ten team since 1920
when it came to the coast to play
U.S.C.
C. A. Dobbel, '21, and his wife, who
have been visiting the former's par
ents in Palo Alto, left recently for
Sonora, Mexico, where Dobbel is to be
employed as a geologist and develop
mental engineer by a large copper
mining company.
lowa's football team took the long
est trip of a Big Ten team since 1920
when it came to the coast to play
U.S.C.
C. A. Dobbel, '21, and his wife, who
have been visiting the former's par
ents in Palo Alto, left recently for
Sonora, Mexico, where Dobbel is to be
employed as a geologist and develop
mental engineer by a large copper
mining company.
lowa's football team took the long
est trip of a Big Ten team since 1920
when it came to the coast to play
U.S.C.
C. A. Dobbel, '21, and his wife, who
have been visiting the former's par
ents in Palo Alto, left recently for
Sonora, Mexico, where Dobbel is to be
employed as a geologist and develop
mental engineer by a large copper
mining company.
lowa's football team took the long
est trip of a Big Ten team since 1920
when it came to the coast to play
U.S.C.
C. A. Dobbel, '21, and his wife, who
have been visiting the former's par
ents in Palo Alto, left recently for
Sonora, Mexico, where Dobbel is to be
employed as a geologist and develop
mental engineer by a large copper
mining company.
lowa's football team took the long
est trip of a Big Ten team since 1920
when it came to the coast to play
U.S.C.
C. A. Dobbel, '21, and his wife, who
have been visiting the former's par
ents in Palo Alto, left recently for
Sonora, Mexico, where Dobbel is to be
employed as a geologist and develop
mental engineer by a large copper
mining company.
lowa's football team took the long
est trip of a Big Ten team since 1920
when it came to the coast to play
U.S.C.
