# Enrich Report Shows Danger Of Great Vocational Training
## 
### 
A plea for a careful balance be
tween general education and voca
tional training was made recently
by former Acting President Dr. Al
vin C. Eurich in a report to the
University's Board of Trustees cov
ering the 1947-48 academic year.
'"Dangers lurk in the present de
mands of veterans and older stu
dents for practical courses â€” for
short cuts to training in the tools
and techniques of a job," he
warned.
"Obviously, the provision of vo
cational training of a high quality
is an important part of our total
educational program and along with
general education should be made
available.
"But instruction in vocational
technique is, however, only one
element of professional education.
"If the universities were to yield
to any great extent to the demands
for exclusively practical work, they
would cease to be universities and
become vocational institutes," the
report stated.
Dr. Eurich illustrated his point by
cit'ng medical education.
"Fortunately, or unfortunately,
there is no major short cut to be
taken in the training of a doctor:
unless he is well grounded in the

basic medical scienccs, he becomes
merely a technician; and unless he
also receives an education in the
humanities and the social sciences,
he does not gain the perspective he
needs as a doctor functioning
among people, within a given social
framework
"Similarly, in training men ;nd
women for other professions, uni
versities must keep constantly in
mind the importance of basic as
well as strictly professional sub
jects."
