# New Organic Chem Building Plan Approved
## 
### 
Plans for a new $175,000 organic
chemistry laboratory building were
announced last week by Dr. Clar
ence H. Faust, acting president of
the University.
Construction of the laboratory,
which will be located in the rear
of the present Chemistry Building,
has been authorized by the Uni
versity's Board of Trustees, and
working drawings of the buildings
are now being prepared.
The building will include teach
ing laboratory space for first-year
students, eight four-man laborato
ries for advanced students and for
research work, and four faculty
offices with adjoining laboratory
space.
It will also have a conference
room, a reading room, and such
facilities as space for special re
search apparatus, a distillation
room, an analytical and instrument
room, and a stock room with ad
joining 'oading dock.
The one - story building, which
will have 12,500 square feet of floor
space, will be of wood frame con
struction on a reinforced concrete
base. It will be heated by hot
water circulating through radiant
heating coils laid in the concrete
floor slab.
In its functional design the build
ing will be similar to the new
5170.000 Microwave Laboratory now
nearing completion south of Se
quoia Hall.
Plans for a new $175,000 organic
chemistry laboratory building were
announced last week by Dr. Clar
ence H. Faust, acting president of
the University.
Construction of the laboratory,
which will be located in the rear
of the present Chemistry Building,
has been authorized by the Uni
versity's Board of Trustees, and
working drawings of the buildings
are now being prepared.
The building will include teach
ing laboratory space for first-year
students, eight four-man laborato
ries for advanced students and for
research work, and four faculty
offices with adjoining laboratory
space.
It will also have a conference
room, a reading room, and such
facilities as space for special re
search apparatus, a distillation
room, an analytical and instrument
room, and a stock room with ad
joining 'oading dock.
The one - story building, which
will have 12,500 square feet of floor
space, will be of wood frame con
struction on a reinforced concrete
base. It will be heated by hot
water circulating through radiant
heating coils laid in the concrete
floor slab.
In its functional design the build
ing will be similar to the new
5170.000 Microwave Laboratory now
nearing completion south of Se
quoia Hall.
Plans for a new $175,000 organic
chemistry laboratory building were
announced last week by Dr. Clar
ence H. Faust, acting president of
the University.
Construction of the laboratory,
which will be located in the rear
of the present Chemistry Building,
has been authorized by the Uni
versity's Board of Trustees, and
working drawings of the buildings
are now being prepared.
The building will include teach
ing laboratory space for first-year
students, eight four-man laborato
ries for advanced students and for
research work, and four faculty
offices with adjoining laboratory
space.
It will also have a conference
room, a reading room, and such
facilities as space for special re
search apparatus, a distillation
room, an analytical and instrument
room, and a stock room with ad
joining 'oading dock.
The one - story building, which
will have 12,500 square feet of floor
space, will be of wood frame con
struction on a reinforced concrete
base. It will be heated by hot
water circulating through radiant
heating coils laid in the concrete
floor slab.
In its functional design the build
ing will be similar to the new
5170.000 Microwave Laboratory now
nearing completion south of Se
quoia Hall.
Plans for a new $175,000 organic
chemistry laboratory building were
announced last week by Dr. Clar
ence H. Faust, acting president of
the University.
Construction of the laboratory,
which will be located in the rear
of the present Chemistry Building,
has been authorized by the Uni
versity's Board of Trustees, and
working drawings of the buildings
are now being prepared.
The building will include teach
ing laboratory space for first-year
students, eight four-man laborato
ries for advanced students and for
research work, and four faculty
offices with adjoining laboratory
space.
It will also have a conference
room, a reading room, and such
facilities as space for special re
search apparatus, a distillation
room, an analytical and instrument
room, and a stock room with ad
joining 'oading dock.
The one - story building, which
will have 12,500 square feet of floor
space, will be of wood frame con
struction on a reinforced concrete
base. It will be heated by hot
water circulating through radiant
heating coils laid in the concrete
floor slab.
In its functional design the build
ing will be similar to the new
5170.000 Microwave Laboratory now
nearing completion south of Se
quoia Hall.
Plans for a new $175,000 organic
chemistry laboratory building were
announced last week by Dr. Clar
ence H. Faust, acting president of
the University.
Construction of the laboratory,
which will be located in the rear
of the present Chemistry Building,
has been authorized by the Uni
versity's Board of Trustees, and
working drawings of the buildings
are now being prepared.
The building will include teach
ing laboratory space for first-year
students, eight four-man laborato
ries for advanced students and for
research work, and four faculty
offices with adjoining laboratory
space.
It will also have a conference
room, a reading room, and such
facilities as space for special re
search apparatus, a distillation
room, an analytical and instrument
room, and a stock room with ad
joining 'oading dock.
The one - story building, which
will have 12,500 square feet of floor
space, will be of wood frame con
struction on a reinforced concrete
base. It will be heated by hot
water circulating through radiant
heating coils laid in the concrete
floor slab.
In its functional design the build
ing will be similar to the new
5170.000 Microwave Laboratory now
nearing completion south of Se
quoia Hall.
Plans for a new $175,000 organic
chemistry laboratory building were
announced last week by Dr. Clar
ence H. Faust, acting president of
the University.
Construction of the laboratory,
which will be located in the rear
of the present Chemistry Building,
has been authorized by the Uni
versity's Board of Trustees, and
working drawings of the buildings
are now being prepared.
The building will include teach
ing laboratory space for first-year
students, eight four-man laborato
ries for advanced students and for
research work, and four faculty
offices with adjoining laboratory
space.
It will also have a conference
room, a reading room, and such
facilities as space for special re
search apparatus, a distillation
room, an analytical and instrument
room, and a stock room with ad
joining 'oading dock.
The one - story building, which
will have 12,500 square feet of floor
space, will be of wood frame con
struction on a reinforced concrete
base. It will be heated by hot
water circulating through radiant
heating coils laid in the concrete
floor slab.
In its functional design the build
ing will be similar to the new
5170.000 Microwave Laboratory now
nearing completion south of Se
quoia Hall.
Plans for a new $175,000 organic
chemistry laboratory building were
announced last week by Dr. Clar
ence H. Faust, acting president of
the University.
Construction of the laboratory,
which will be located in the rear
of the present Chemistry Building,
has been authorized by the Uni
versity's Board of Trustees, and
working drawings of the buildings
are now being prepared.
The building will include teach
ing laboratory space for first-year
students, eight four-man laborato
ries for advanced students and for
research work, and four faculty
offices with adjoining laboratory
space.
It will also have a conference
room, a reading room, and such
facilities as space for special re
search apparatus, a distillation
room, an analytical and instrument
room, and a stock room with ad
joining 'oading dock.
The one - story building, which
will have 12,500 square feet of floor
space, will be of wood frame con
struction on a reinforced concrete
base. It will be heated by hot
water circulating through radiant
heating coils laid in the concrete
floor slab.
In its functional design the build
ing will be similar to the new
5170.000 Microwave Laboratory now
nearing completion south of Se
quoia Hall.
Plans for a new $175,000 organic
chemistry laboratory building were
announced last week by Dr. Clar
ence H. Faust, acting president of
the University.
Construction of the laboratory,
which will be located in the rear
of the present Chemistry Building,
has been authorized by the Uni
versity's Board of Trustees, and
working drawings of the buildings
are now being prepared.
The building will include teach
ing laboratory space for first-year
students, eight four-man laborato
ries for advanced students and for
research work, and four faculty
offices with adjoining laboratory
space.
It will also have a conference
room, a reading room, and such
facilities as space for special re
search apparatus, a distillation
room, an analytical and instrument
room, and a stock room with ad
joining 'oading dock.
The one - story building, which
will have 12,500 square feet of floor
space, will be of wood frame con
struction on a reinforced concrete
base. It will be heated by hot
water circulating through radiant
heating coils laid in the concrete
floor slab.
In its functional design the build
ing will be similar to the new
5170.000 Microwave Laboratory now
nearing completion south of Se
quoia Hall.
Plans for a new $175,000 organic
chemistry laboratory building were
announced last week by Dr. Clar
ence H. Faust, acting president of
the University.
Construction of the laboratory,
which will be located in the rear
of the present Chemistry Building,
has been authorized by the Uni
versity's Board of Trustees, and
working drawings of the buildings
are now being prepared.
The building will include teach
ing laboratory space for first-year
students, eight four-man laborato
ries for advanced students and for
research work, and four faculty
offices with adjoining laboratory
space.
It will also have a conference
room, a reading room, and such
facilities as space for special re
search apparatus, a distillation
room, an analytical and instrument
room, and a stock room with ad
joining 'oading dock.
The one - story building, which
will have 12,500 square feet of floor
space, will be of wood frame con
struction on a reinforced concrete
base. It will be heated by hot
water circulating through radiant
heating coils laid in the concrete
floor slab.
In its functional design the build
ing will be similar to the new
5170.000 Microwave Laboratory now
nearing completion south of Se
quoia Hall.
Plans for a new $175,000 organic
chemistry laboratory building were
announced last week by Dr. Clar
ence H. Faust, acting president of
the University.
Construction of the laboratory,
which will be located in the rear
of the present Chemistry Building,
has been authorized by the Uni
versity's Board of Trustees, and
working drawings of the buildings
are now being prepared.
The building will include teach
ing laboratory space for first-year
students, eight four-man laborato
ries for advanced students and for
research work, and four faculty
offices with adjoining laboratory
space.
It will also have a conference
room, a reading room, and such
facilities as space for special re
search apparatus, a distillation
room, an analytical and instrument
room, and a stock room with ad
joining 'oading dock.
The one - story building, which
will have 12,500 square feet of floor
space, will be of wood frame con
struction on a reinforced concrete
base. It will be heated by hot
water circulating through radiant
heating coils laid in the concrete
floor slab.
In its functional design the build
ing will be similar to the new
5170.000 Microwave Laboratory now
nearing completion south of Se
quoia Hall.
Plans for a new $175,000 organic
chemistry laboratory building were
announced last week by Dr. Clar
ence H. Faust, acting president of
the University.
Construction of the laboratory,
which will be located in the rear
of the present Chemistry Building,
has been authorized by the Uni
versity's Board of Trustees, and
working drawings of the buildings
are now being prepared.
The building will include teach
ing laboratory space for first-year
students, eight four-man laborato
ries for advanced students and for
research work, and four faculty
offices with adjoining laboratory
space.
It will also have a conference
room, a reading room, and such
facilities as space for special re
search apparatus, a distillation
room, an analytical and instrument
room, and a stock room with ad
joining 'oading dock.
The one - story building, which
will have 12,500 square feet of floor
space, will be of wood frame con
struction on a reinforced concrete
base. It will be heated by hot
water circulating through radiant
heating coils laid in the concrete
floor slab.
In its functional design the build
ing will be similar to the new
5170.000 Microwave Laboratory now
nearing completion south of Se
quoia Hall.
Plans for a new $175,000 organic
chemistry laboratory building were
announced last week by Dr. Clar
ence H. Faust, acting president of
the University.
Construction of the laboratory,
which will be located in the rear
of the present Chemistry Building,
has been authorized by the Uni
versity's Board of Trustees, and
working drawings of the buildings
are now being prepared.
The building will include teach
ing laboratory space for first-year
students, eight four-man laborato
ries for advanced students and for
research work, and four faculty
offices with adjoining laboratory
space.
It will also have a conference
room, a reading room, and such
facilities as space for special re
search apparatus, a distillation
room, an analytical and instrument
room, and a stock room with ad
joining 'oading dock.
The one - story building, which
will have 12,500 square feet of floor
space, will be of wood frame con
struction on a reinforced concrete
base. It will be heated by hot
water circulating through radiant
heating coils laid in the concrete
floor slab.
In its functional design the build
ing will be similar to the new
5170.000 Microwave Laboratory now
nearing completion south of Se
quoia Hall.
Plans for a new $175,000 organic
chemistry laboratory building were
announced last week by Dr. Clar
ence H. Faust, acting president of
the University.
Construction of the laboratory,
which will be located in the rear
of the present Chemistry Building,
has been authorized by the Uni
versity's Board of Trustees, and
working drawings of the buildings
are now being prepared.
The building will include teach
ing laboratory space for first-year
students, eight four-man laborato
ries for advanced students and for
research work, and four faculty
offices with adjoining laboratory
space.
It will also have a conference
room, a reading room, and such
facilities as space for special re
search apparatus, a distillation
room, an analytical and instrument
room, and a stock room with ad
joining 'oading dock.
The one - story building, which
will have 12,500 square feet of floor
space, will be of wood frame con
struction on a reinforced concrete
base. It will be heated by hot
water circulating through radiant
heating coils laid in the concrete
floor slab.
In its functional design the build
ing will be similar to the new
5170.000 Microwave Laboratory now
nearing completion south of Se
quoia Hall.
Plans for a new $175,000 organic
chemistry laboratory building were
announced last week by Dr. Clar
ence H. Faust, acting president of
the University.
Construction of the laboratory,
which will be located in the rear
of the present Chemistry Building,
has been authorized by the Uni
versity's Board of Trustees, and
working drawings of the buildings
are now being prepared.
The building will include teach
ing laboratory space for first-year
students, eight four-man laborato
ries for advanced students and for
research work, and four faculty
offices with adjoining laboratory
space.
It will also have a conference
room, a reading room, and such
facilities as space for special re
search apparatus, a distillation
room, an analytical and instrument
room, and a stock room with ad
joining 'oading dock.
The one - story building, which
will have 12,500 square feet of floor
space, will be of wood frame con
struction on a reinforced concrete
base. It will be heated by hot
water circulating through radiant
heating coils laid in the concrete
floor slab.
In its functional design the build
ing will be similar to the new
5170.000 Microwave Laboratory now
nearing completion south of Se
quoia Hall.
Plans for a new $175,000 organic
chemistry laboratory building were
announced last week by Dr. Clar
ence H. Faust, acting president of
the University.
Construction of the laboratory,
which will be located in the rear
of the present Chemistry Building,
has been authorized by the Uni
versity's Board of Trustees, and
working drawings of the buildings
are now being prepared.
The building will include teach
ing laboratory space for first-year
students, eight four-man laborato
ries for advanced students and for
research work, and four faculty
offices with adjoining laboratory
space.
It will also have a conference
room, a reading room, and such
facilities as space for special re
search apparatus, a distillation
room, an analytical and instrument
room, and a stock room with ad
joining 'oading dock.
The one - story building, which
will have 12,500 square feet of floor
space, will be of wood frame con
struction on a reinforced concrete
base. It will be heated by hot
water circulating through radiant
heating coils laid in the concrete
floor slab.
In its functional design the build
ing will be similar to the new
5170.000 Microwave Laboratory now
nearing completion south of Se
quoia Hall.
