# Untitled Article
## 
### 
President Hadley of Vale addressed
the Yale Alumni Club over the lone
distance telephone recently. Each
member had a telephone at his plate.
President Hadley of Vale addressed
the Yale Alumni Club over the lone
distance telephone recently. Each
member had a telephone at his plate.
President Hadley of Vale addressed
the Yale Alumni Club over the lone
distance telephone recently. Each
member had a telephone at his plate.
President Hadley of Vale addressed
the Yale Alumni Club over the lone
distance telephone recently. Each
member had a telephone at his plate.
President Hadley of Vale addressed
the Yale Alumni Club over the lone
distance telephone recently. Each
member had a telephone at his plate.
President Hadley of Vale addressed
the Yale Alumni Club over the lone
distance telephone recently. Each
member had a telephone at his plate.
President Hadley of Vale addressed
the Yale Alumni Club over the lone
distance telephone recently. Each
member had a telephone at his plate.
President Hadley of Vale addressed
the Yale Alumni Club over the lone
distance telephone recently. Each
member had a telephone at his plate.
President Hadley of Vale addressed
the Yale Alumni Club over the lone
distance telephone recently. Each
member had a telephone at his plate.
President Hadley of Vale addressed
the Yale Alumni Club over the lone
distance telephone recently. Each
member had a telephone at his plate.
President Hadley of Vale addressed
the Yale Alumni Club over the lone
distance telephone recently. Each
member had a telephone at his plate.
President Hadley of Vale addressed
the Yale Alumni Club over the lone
distance telephone recently. Each
member had a telephone at his plate.
President Hadley of Vale addressed
the Yale Alumni Club over the lone
distance telephone recently. Each
member had a telephone at his plate.
President Hadley of Vale addressed
the Yale Alumni Club over the lone
distance telephone recently. Each
member had a telephone at his plate.
