# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
"&>- U >
W
P
SMALL . . .
AVERAGE . . .
TALL . . .
Whichever you require
—you'll find a Phoenix
stocking proportioned
in every detail to give
you perfect fit! Dis
cover how much it
means for longer wear
and loveliness. In love
ly Picture Personality
Colors.
2-3-4-6 $-1
THREADS 1
|. F. HINK & SON
PALO ALTO
"&>- U >
W
P
SMALL . . .
AVERAGE . . .
TALL . . .
Whichever you require
—you'll find a Phoenix
stocking proportioned
in every detail to give
you perfect fit! Dis
cover how much it
means for longer wear
and loveliness. In love
ly Picture Personality
Colors.
2-3-4-6 $-1
THREADS 1
|. F. HINK & SON
PALO ALTO
"&>- U >
W
P
SMALL . . .
AVERAGE . . .
TALL . . .
Whichever you require
—you'll find a Phoenix
stocking proportioned
in every detail to give
you perfect fit! Dis
cover how much it
means for longer wear
and loveliness. In love
ly Picture Personality
Colors.
2-3-4-6 $-1
THREADS 1
|. F. HINK & SON
PALO ALTO
"&>- U >
W
P
SMALL . . .
AVERAGE . . .
TALL . . .
Whichever you require
—you'll find a Phoenix
stocking proportioned
in every detail to give
you perfect fit! Dis
cover how much it
means for longer wear
and loveliness. In love
ly Picture Personality
Colors.
2-3-4-6 $-1
THREADS 1
|. F. HINK & SON
PALO ALTO
"&>- U >
W
P
SMALL . . .
AVERAGE . . .
TALL . . .
Whichever you require
—you'll find a Phoenix
stocking proportioned
in every detail to give
you perfect fit! Dis
cover how much it
means for longer wear
and loveliness. In love
ly Picture Personality
Colors.
2-3-4-6 $-1
THREADS 1
|. F. HINK & SON
PALO ALTO
"&>- U >
W
P
SMALL . . .
AVERAGE . . .
TALL . . .
Whichever you require
—you'll find a Phoenix
stocking proportioned
in every detail to give
you perfect fit! Dis
cover how much it
means for longer wear
and loveliness. In love
ly Picture Personality
Colors.
2-3-4-6 $-1
THREADS 1
|. F. HINK & SON
PALO ALTO
"&>- U >
W
P
SMALL . . .
AVERAGE . . .
TALL . . .
Whichever you require
—you'll find a Phoenix
stocking proportioned
in every detail to give
you perfect fit! Dis
cover how much it
means for longer wear
and loveliness. In love
ly Picture Personality
Colors.
2-3-4-6 $-1
THREADS 1
|. F. HINK & SON
PALO ALTO
"&>- U >
W
P
SMALL . . .
AVERAGE . . .
TALL . . .
Whichever you require
—you'll find a Phoenix
stocking proportioned
in every detail to give
you perfect fit! Dis
cover how much it
means for longer wear
and loveliness. In love
ly Picture Personality
Colors.
2-3-4-6 $-1
THREADS 1
|. F. HINK & SON
PALO ALTO
"&>- U >
W
P
SMALL . . .
AVERAGE . . .
TALL . . .
Whichever you require
—you'll find a Phoenix
stocking proportioned
in every detail to give
you perfect fit! Dis
cover how much it
means for longer wear
and loveliness. In love
ly Picture Personality
Colors.
2-3-4-6 $-1
THREADS 1
|. F. HINK & SON
PALO ALTO
"&>- U >
W
P
SMALL . . .
AVERAGE . . .
TALL . . .
Whichever you require
—you'll find a Phoenix
stocking proportioned
in every detail to give
you perfect fit! Dis
cover how much it
means for longer wear
and loveliness. In love
ly Picture Personality
Colors.
2-3-4-6 $-1
THREADS 1
|. F. HINK & SON
PALO ALTO
"&>- U >
W
P
SMALL . . .
AVERAGE . . .
TALL . . .
Whichever you require
—you'll find a Phoenix
stocking proportioned
in every detail to give
you perfect fit! Dis
cover how much it
means for longer wear
and loveliness. In love
ly Picture Personality
Colors.
2-3-4-6 $-1
THREADS 1
|. F. HINK & SON
PALO ALTO
"&>- U >
W
P
SMALL . . .
AVERAGE . . .
TALL . . .
Whichever you require
—you'll find a Phoenix
stocking proportioned
in every detail to give
you perfect fit! Dis
cover how much it
means for longer wear
and loveliness. In love
ly Picture Personality
Colors.
2-3-4-6 $-1
THREADS 1
|. F. HINK & SON
PALO ALTO
"&>- U >
W
P
SMALL . . .
AVERAGE . . .
TALL . . .
Whichever you require
—you'll find a Phoenix
stocking proportioned
in every detail to give
you perfect fit! Dis
cover how much it
means for longer wear
and loveliness. In love
ly Picture Personality
Colors.
2-3-4-6 $-1
THREADS 1
|. F. HINK & SON
PALO ALTO
"&>- U >
W
P
SMALL . . .
AVERAGE . . .
TALL . . .
Whichever you require
—you'll find a Phoenix
stocking proportioned
in every detail to give
you perfect fit! Dis
cover how much it
means for longer wear
and loveliness. In love
ly Picture Personality
Colors.
2-3-4-6 $-1
THREADS 1
|. F. HINK & SON
PALO ALTO
"&>- U >
W
P
SMALL . . .
AVERAGE . . .
TALL . . .
Whichever you require
—you'll find a Phoenix
stocking proportioned
in every detail to give
you perfect fit! Dis
cover how much it
means for longer wear
and loveliness. In love
ly Picture Personality
Colors.
2-3-4-6 $-1
THREADS 1
|. F. HINK & SON
PALO ALTO
"&>- U >
W
P
SMALL . . .
AVERAGE . . .
TALL . . .
Whichever you require
—you'll find a Phoenix
stocking proportioned
in every detail to give
you perfect fit! Dis
cover how much it
means for longer wear
and loveliness. In love
ly Picture Personality
Colors.
2-3-4-6 $-1
THREADS 1
|. F. HINK & SON
PALO ALTO
"&>- U >
W
P
SMALL . . .
AVERAGE . . .
TALL . . .
Whichever you require
—you'll find a Phoenix
stocking proportioned
in every detail to give
you perfect fit! Dis
cover how much it
means for longer wear
and loveliness. In love
ly Picture Personality
Colors.
2-3-4-6 $-1
THREADS 1
|. F. HINK & SON
PALO ALTO
