# Adv. 7 Page 2
## 
### 
| 510 Waverley
Phone 2-1244
ySf
mK 3
fXJ
i(m
Mod
A>V
rhone
I 1 r P a '° Alto
10 2-1244
rJL PfcOßLttt
&RAsslt!£ *
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
bra&sieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
| 510 Waverley
Phone 2-1244
ySf
mK 3
fXJ
i(m
Mod
A>V
rhone
I 1 r P a '° Alto
10 2-1244
rJL PfcOßLttt
&RAsslt!£ *
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
bra&sieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
| 510 Waverley
Phone 2-1244
ySf
mK 3
fXJ
i(m
Mod
A>V
rhone
I 1 r P a '° Alto
10 2-1244
rJL PfcOßLttt
&RAsslt!£ *
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
bra&sieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
| 510 Waverley
Phone 2-1244
ySf
mK 3
fXJ
i(m
Mod
A>V
rhone
I 1 r P a '° Alto
10 2-1244
rJL PfcOßLttt
&RAsslt!£ *
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
bra&sieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
| 510 Waverley
Phone 2-1244
ySf
mK 3
fXJ
i(m
Mod
A>V
rhone
I 1 r P a '° Alto
10 2-1244
rJL PfcOßLttt
&RAsslt!£ *
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
bra&sieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
| 510 Waverley
Phone 2-1244
ySf
mK 3
fXJ
i(m
Mod
A>V
rhone
I 1 r P a '° Alto
10 2-1244
rJL PfcOßLttt
&RAsslt!£ *
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
bra&sieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
| 510 Waverley
Phone 2-1244
ySf
mK 3
fXJ
i(m
Mod
A>V
rhone
I 1 r P a '° Alto
10 2-1244
rJL PfcOßLttt
&RAsslt!£ *
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
bra&sieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
| 510 Waverley
Phone 2-1244
ySf
mK 3
fXJ
i(m
Mod
A>V
rhone
I 1 r P a '° Alto
10 2-1244
rJL PfcOßLttt
&RAsslt!£ *
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
bra&sieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
| 510 Waverley
Phone 2-1244
ySf
mK 3
fXJ
i(m
Mod
A>V
rhone
I 1 r P a '° Alto
10 2-1244
rJL PfcOßLttt
&RAsslt!£ *
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
bra&sieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
| 510 Waverley
Phone 2-1244
ySf
mK 3
fXJ
i(m
Mod
A>V
rhone
I 1 r P a '° Alto
10 2-1244
rJL PfcOßLttt
&RAsslt!£ *
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
bra&sieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
| 510 Waverley
Phone 2-1244
ySf
mK 3
fXJ
i(m
Mod
A>V
rhone
I 1 r P a '° Alto
10 2-1244
rJL PfcOßLttt
&RAsslt!£ *
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
bra&sieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
| 510 Waverley
Phone 2-1244
ySf
mK 3
fXJ
i(m
Mod
A>V
rhone
I 1 r P a '° Alto
10 2-1244
rJL PfcOßLttt
&RAsslt!£ *
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
bra&sieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
| 510 Waverley
Phone 2-1244
ySf
mK 3
fXJ
i(m
Mod
A>V
rhone
I 1 r P a '° Alto
10 2-1244
rJL PfcOßLttt
&RAsslt!£ *
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
bra&sieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
| 510 Waverley
Phone 2-1244
ySf
mK 3
fXJ
i(m
Mod
A>V
rhone
I 1 r P a '° Alto
10 2-1244
rJL PfcOßLttt
&RAsslt!£ *
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
bra&sieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
| 510 Waverley
Phone 2-1244
ySf
mK 3
fXJ
i(m
Mod
A>V
rhone
I 1 r P a '° Alto
10 2-1244
rJL PfcOßLttt
&RAsslt!£ *
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
bra&sieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
| 510 Waverley
Phone 2-1244
ySf
mK 3
fXJ
i(m
Mod
A>V
rhone
I 1 r P a '° Alto
10 2-1244
rJL PfcOßLttt
&RAsslt!£ *
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
bra&sieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
| 510 Waverley
Phone 2-1244
ySf
mK 3
fXJ
i(m
Mod
A>V
rhone
I 1 r P a '° Alto
10 2-1244
rJL PfcOßLttt
&RAsslt!£ *
We have three graduate
corsetieres to adjust the
bra&sieres to your in
dividual type regardless
of the price of the gar
ment.
