# Museum Displays Various Exhibits
## 
### 
Throughout May there will be
various temporary exhibitions at
the Stanford Museum.
In the main lobby 53 ivory carv
ings of 12th-17th-century Europe
will include representations of
the Madonna, the Crucifixion, the
Stations of the Cross and the
saints.
The European Gallery will dis
play lusterware of the 14th-17th
centuries.
Throughout May there will be
various temporary exhibitions at
the Stanford Museum.
In the main lobby 53 ivory carv
ings of 12th-17th-century Europe
will include representations of
the Madonna, the Crucifixion, the
Stations of the Cross and the
saints.
The European Gallery will dis
play lusterware of the 14th-17th
centuries.
Throughout May there will be
various temporary exhibitions at
the Stanford Museum.
In the main lobby 53 ivory carv
ings of 12th-17th-century Europe
will include representations of
the Madonna, the Crucifixion, the
Stations of the Cross and the
saints.
The European Gallery will dis
play lusterware of the 14th-17th
centuries.
Throughout May there will be
various temporary exhibitions at
the Stanford Museum.
In the main lobby 53 ivory carv
ings of 12th-17th-century Europe
will include representations of
the Madonna, the Crucifixion, the
Stations of the Cross and the
saints.
The European Gallery will dis
play lusterware of the 14th-17th
centuries.
Throughout May there will be
various temporary exhibitions at
the Stanford Museum.
In the main lobby 53 ivory carv
ings of 12th-17th-century Europe
will include representations of
the Madonna, the Crucifixion, the
Stations of the Cross and the
saints.
The European Gallery will dis
play lusterware of the 14th-17th
centuries.
Throughout May there will be
various temporary exhibitions at
the Stanford Museum.
In the main lobby 53 ivory carv
ings of 12th-17th-century Europe
will include representations of
the Madonna, the Crucifixion, the
Stations of the Cross and the
saints.
The European Gallery will dis
play lusterware of the 14th-17th
centuries.
Throughout May there will be
various temporary exhibitions at
the Stanford Museum.
In the main lobby 53 ivory carv
ings of 12th-17th-century Europe
will include representations of
the Madonna, the Crucifixion, the
Stations of the Cross and the
saints.
The European Gallery will dis
play lusterware of the 14th-17th
centuries.
Throughout May there will be
various temporary exhibitions at
the Stanford Museum.
In the main lobby 53 ivory carv
ings of 12th-17th-century Europe
will include representations of
the Madonna, the Crucifixion, the
Stations of the Cross and the
saints.
The European Gallery will dis
play lusterware of the 14th-17th
centuries.
Throughout May there will be
various temporary exhibitions at
the Stanford Museum.
In the main lobby 53 ivory carv
ings of 12th-17th-century Europe
will include representations of
the Madonna, the Crucifixion, the
Stations of the Cross and the
saints.
The European Gallery will dis
play lusterware of the 14th-17th
centuries.
Throughout May there will be
various temporary exhibitions at
the Stanford Museum.
In the main lobby 53 ivory carv
ings of 12th-17th-century Europe
will include representations of
the Madonna, the Crucifixion, the
Stations of the Cross and the
saints.
The European Gallery will dis
play lusterware of the 14th-17th
centuries.
Throughout May there will be
various temporary exhibitions at
the Stanford Museum.
In the main lobby 53 ivory carv
ings of 12th-17th-century Europe
will include representations of
the Madonna, the Crucifixion, the
Stations of the Cross and the
saints.
The European Gallery will dis
play lusterware of the 14th-17th
centuries.
Throughout May there will be
various temporary exhibitions at
the Stanford Museum.
In the main lobby 53 ivory carv
ings of 12th-17th-century Europe
will include representations of
the Madonna, the Crucifixion, the
Stations of the Cross and the
saints.
The European Gallery will dis
play lusterware of the 14th-17th
centuries.
Throughout May there will be
various temporary exhibitions at
the Stanford Museum.
In the main lobby 53 ivory carv
ings of 12th-17th-century Europe
will include representations of
the Madonna, the Crucifixion, the
Stations of the Cross and the
saints.
The European Gallery will dis
play lusterware of the 14th-17th
centuries.
Throughout May there will be
various temporary exhibitions at
the Stanford Museum.
In the main lobby 53 ivory carv
ings of 12th-17th-century Europe
will include representations of
the Madonna, the Crucifixion, the
Stations of the Cross and the
saints.
The European Gallery will dis
play lusterware of the 14th-17th
centuries.
Throughout May there will be
various temporary exhibitions at
the Stanford Museum.
In the main lobby 53 ivory carv
ings of 12th-17th-century Europe
will include representations of
the Madonna, the Crucifixion, the
Stations of the Cross and the
saints.
The European Gallery will dis
play lusterware of the 14th-17th
centuries.
Throughout May there will be
various temporary exhibitions at
the Stanford Museum.
In the main lobby 53 ivory carv
ings of 12th-17th-century Europe
will include representations of
the Madonna, the Crucifixion, the
Stations of the Cross and the
saints.
The European Gallery will dis
play lusterware of the 14th-17th
centuries.
