# Gallery Features American Painters
## 
### 
An exhibit of "Twentieth Cen
tury American Painting — the
First Fifty Years" will he shown
at the Stanford Art Gallery from
May 4 to June 4.
The Committee for Art at Stan
ford will sponsor the showing,
which is a loan from the Whitney
Museum of American Art in New
York City.
Other smaller exhibits will fea
ture Classical and Egyptian Art.
Anthropological Collections and
Early, California and Stanford
History.
An exhibit of "Twentieth Cen
tury American Painting — the
First Fifty Years" will he shown
at the Stanford Art Gallery from
May 4 to June 4.
The Committee for Art at Stan
ford will sponsor the showing,
which is a loan from the Whitney
Museum of American Art in New
York City.
Other smaller exhibits will fea
ture Classical and Egyptian Art.
Anthropological Collections and
Early, California and Stanford
History.
An exhibit of "Twentieth Cen
tury American Painting — the
First Fifty Years" will he shown
at the Stanford Art Gallery from
May 4 to June 4.
The Committee for Art at Stan
ford will sponsor the showing,
which is a loan from the Whitney
Museum of American Art in New
York City.
Other smaller exhibits will fea
ture Classical and Egyptian Art.
Anthropological Collections and
Early, California and Stanford
History.
An exhibit of "Twentieth Cen
tury American Painting — the
First Fifty Years" will he shown
at the Stanford Art Gallery from
May 4 to June 4.
The Committee for Art at Stan
ford will sponsor the showing,
which is a loan from the Whitney
Museum of American Art in New
York City.
Other smaller exhibits will fea
ture Classical and Egyptian Art.
Anthropological Collections and
Early, California and Stanford
History.
An exhibit of "Twentieth Cen
tury American Painting — the
First Fifty Years" will he shown
at the Stanford Art Gallery from
May 4 to June 4.
The Committee for Art at Stan
ford will sponsor the showing,
which is a loan from the Whitney
Museum of American Art in New
York City.
Other smaller exhibits will fea
ture Classical and Egyptian Art.
Anthropological Collections and
Early, California and Stanford
History.
An exhibit of "Twentieth Cen
tury American Painting — the
First Fifty Years" will he shown
at the Stanford Art Gallery from
May 4 to June 4.
The Committee for Art at Stan
ford will sponsor the showing,
which is a loan from the Whitney
Museum of American Art in New
York City.
Other smaller exhibits will fea
ture Classical and Egyptian Art.
Anthropological Collections and
Early, California and Stanford
History.
An exhibit of "Twentieth Cen
tury American Painting — the
First Fifty Years" will he shown
at the Stanford Art Gallery from
May 4 to June 4.
The Committee for Art at Stan
ford will sponsor the showing,
which is a loan from the Whitney
Museum of American Art in New
York City.
Other smaller exhibits will fea
ture Classical and Egyptian Art.
Anthropological Collections and
Early, California and Stanford
History.
An exhibit of "Twentieth Cen
tury American Painting — the
First Fifty Years" will he shown
at the Stanford Art Gallery from
May 4 to June 4.
The Committee for Art at Stan
ford will sponsor the showing,
which is a loan from the Whitney
Museum of American Art in New
York City.
Other smaller exhibits will fea
ture Classical and Egyptian Art.
Anthropological Collections and
Early, California and Stanford
History.
An exhibit of "Twentieth Cen
tury American Painting — the
First Fifty Years" will he shown
at the Stanford Art Gallery from
May 4 to June 4.
The Committee for Art at Stan
ford will sponsor the showing,
which is a loan from the Whitney
Museum of American Art in New
York City.
Other smaller exhibits will fea
ture Classical and Egyptian Art.
Anthropological Collections and
Early, California and Stanford
History.
An exhibit of "Twentieth Cen
tury American Painting — the
First Fifty Years" will he shown
at the Stanford Art Gallery from
May 4 to June 4.
The Committee for Art at Stan
ford will sponsor the showing,
which is a loan from the Whitney
Museum of American Art in New
York City.
Other smaller exhibits will fea
ture Classical and Egyptian Art.
Anthropological Collections and
Early, California and Stanford
History.
An exhibit of "Twentieth Cen
tury American Painting — the
First Fifty Years" will he shown
at the Stanford Art Gallery from
May 4 to June 4.
The Committee for Art at Stan
ford will sponsor the showing,
which is a loan from the Whitney
Museum of American Art in New
York City.
Other smaller exhibits will fea
ture Classical and Egyptian Art.
Anthropological Collections and
Early, California and Stanford
History.
An exhibit of "Twentieth Cen
tury American Painting — the
First Fifty Years" will he shown
at the Stanford Art Gallery from
May 4 to June 4.
The Committee for Art at Stan
ford will sponsor the showing,
which is a loan from the Whitney
Museum of American Art in New
York City.
Other smaller exhibits will fea
ture Classical and Egyptian Art.
Anthropological Collections and
Early, California and Stanford
History.
An exhibit of "Twentieth Cen
tury American Painting — the
First Fifty Years" will he shown
at the Stanford Art Gallery from
May 4 to June 4.
The Committee for Art at Stan
ford will sponsor the showing,
which is a loan from the Whitney
Museum of American Art in New
York City.
Other smaller exhibits will fea
ture Classical and Egyptian Art.
Anthropological Collections and
Early, California and Stanford
History.
An exhibit of "Twentieth Cen
tury American Painting — the
First Fifty Years" will he shown
at the Stanford Art Gallery from
May 4 to June 4.
The Committee for Art at Stan
ford will sponsor the showing,
which is a loan from the Whitney
Museum of American Art in New
York City.
Other smaller exhibits will fea
ture Classical and Egyptian Art.
Anthropological Collections and
Early, California and Stanford
History.
An exhibit of "Twentieth Cen
tury American Painting — the
First Fifty Years" will he shown
at the Stanford Art Gallery from
May 4 to June 4.
The Committee for Art at Stan
ford will sponsor the showing,
which is a loan from the Whitney
Museum of American Art in New
York City.
Other smaller exhibits will fea
ture Classical and Egyptian Art.
Anthropological Collections and
Early, California and Stanford
History.
An exhibit of "Twentieth Cen
tury American Painting — the
First Fifty Years" will he shown
at the Stanford Art Gallery from
May 4 to June 4.
The Committee for Art at Stan
ford will sponsor the showing,
which is a loan from the Whitney
Museum of American Art in New
York City.
Other smaller exhibits will fea
ture Classical and Egyptian Art.
Anthropological Collections and
Early, California and Stanford
History.
