# POUND FOOLISH
## 
### 
With the official declaration an
nouncing the completion of arrange
ments for printing the Nineteen-
Eighteen Quad, 110 vital objection can
be raised if the channels of campus
opinion are moulded toward proper
appreciation of progress promised in
future publications of the Junior An
nual —despite the fact that village
Bismarcks vaguely grumble over the
slight increase in the price of the
year-book.
• a • » • * * *
Enemies of the high cost of living
tend to underestimate important ad
vantages gained by elimination of ad
vertising while magnifying the utility
found in a few grains of silver. In
the past eacli succeeding year has
marked garbled ambitions of an edi
tor, Stanford's Junior Quad failing to
come within hailing distance of other
university annuals. From present
prognostications the desired harbor is
directly off the starboard bow.
jfs »H afs $ fft He
Once a two-fold venture, a revenue
producer and college chonicle, the
year-book in the future will have only
one mission to fulfill in life—a pic
torial and news summary of twelve
months' happenings, gathered together
and pictured in the most lucid and
fascinating manner. No idle pro
phecy is registered when the theory is
advanced that future Stanford annuals
will lie worn with proud thumb-prints
of admiring readers, thus affording
another proof of the workings of the
old adage—penny wise and pound
foolish.
