# TAKES NO POWER FROM STUDENTS, SAYS TEMPLETON
## 
### J.W. Templeton, '17 
I believe that the new regulations
will be a protection to the students
and instead of taking any power from
the Student Council and placing it in
the hands of the faculty, T believe it
will give more real authority to the
Council in all cases of discipline. T
cannot see how the action possibly
affects the honor system where it al
ready exists or in departments which
may see fit to adopt it.
I believe that the new regulations
will be a protection to the students
and instead of taking any power from
the Student Council and placing it in
the hands of the faculty, T believe it
will give more real authority to the
Council in all cases of discipline. T
cannot see how the action possibly
affects the honor system where it al
ready exists or in departments which
may see fit to adopt it.
I believe that the new regulations
will be a protection to the students
and instead of taking any power from
the Student Council and placing it in
the hands of the faculty, T believe it
will give more real authority to the
Council in all cases of discipline. T
cannot see how the action possibly
affects the honor system where it al
ready exists or in departments which
may see fit to adopt it.
I believe that the new regulations
will be a protection to the students
and instead of taking any power from
the Student Council and placing it in
the hands of the faculty, T believe it
will give more real authority to the
Council in all cases of discipline. T
cannot see how the action possibly
affects the honor system where it al
ready exists or in departments which
may see fit to adopt it.
I believe that the new regulations
will be a protection to the students
and instead of taking any power from
the Student Council and placing it in
the hands of the faculty, T believe it
will give more real authority to the
Council in all cases of discipline. T
cannot see how the action possibly
affects the honor system where it al
ready exists or in departments which
may see fit to adopt it.
I believe that the new regulations
will be a protection to the students
and instead of taking any power from
the Student Council and placing it in
the hands of the faculty, T believe it
will give more real authority to the
Council in all cases of discipline. T
cannot see how the action possibly
affects the honor system where it al
ready exists or in departments which
may see fit to adopt it.
I believe that the new regulations
will be a protection to the students
and instead of taking any power from
the Student Council and placing it in
the hands of the faculty, T believe it
will give more real authority to the
Council in all cases of discipline. T
cannot see how the action possibly
affects the honor system where it al
ready exists or in departments which
may see fit to adopt it.
I believe that the new regulations
will be a protection to the students
and instead of taking any power from
the Student Council and placing it in
the hands of the faculty, T believe it
will give more real authority to the
Council in all cases of discipline. T
cannot see how the action possibly
affects the honor system where it al
ready exists or in departments which
may see fit to adopt it.
I believe that the new regulations
will be a protection to the students
and instead of taking any power from
the Student Council and placing it in
the hands of the faculty, T believe it
will give more real authority to the
Council in all cases of discipline. T
cannot see how the action possibly
affects the honor system where it al
ready exists or in departments which
may see fit to adopt it.
I believe that the new regulations
will be a protection to the students
and instead of taking any power from
the Student Council and placing it in
the hands of the faculty, T believe it
will give more real authority to the
Council in all cases of discipline. T
cannot see how the action possibly
affects the honor system where it al
ready exists or in departments which
may see fit to adopt it.
I believe that the new regulations
will be a protection to the students
and instead of taking any power from
the Student Council and placing it in
the hands of the faculty, T believe it
will give more real authority to the
Council in all cases of discipline. T
cannot see how the action possibly
affects the honor system where it al
ready exists or in departments which
may see fit to adopt it.
I believe that the new regulations
will be a protection to the students
and instead of taking any power from
the Student Council and placing it in
the hands of the faculty, T believe it
will give more real authority to the
Council in all cases of discipline. T
cannot see how the action possibly
affects the honor system where it al
ready exists or in departments which
may see fit to adopt it.
I believe that the new regulations
will be a protection to the students
and instead of taking any power from
the Student Council and placing it in
the hands of the faculty, T believe it
will give more real authority to the
Council in all cases of discipline. T
cannot see how the action possibly
affects the honor system where it al
ready exists or in departments which
may see fit to adopt it.
I believe that the new regulations
will be a protection to the students
and instead of taking any power from
the Student Council and placing it in
the hands of the faculty, T believe it
will give more real authority to the
Council in all cases of discipline. T
cannot see how the action possibly
affects the honor system where it al
ready exists or in departments which
may see fit to adopt it.
