# PATTY BERG AT STANFORD
## 
### 
Patty Berg, famed woman golfer,
will be on the hockey field beside
the Women's Gym Wednesday af
ternoon, May 22, to demonstrate
shots and swings. Mrs. Sylvia Pot
ter Cain, physical education in
structor for women, has announced.
Patty Berg, famed woman golfer,
will be on the hockey field beside
the Women's Gym Wednesday af
ternoon, May 22, to demonstrate
shots and swings. Mrs. Sylvia Pot
ter Cain, physical education in
structor for women, has announced.
Patty Berg, famed woman golfer,
will be on the hockey field beside
the Women's Gym Wednesday af
ternoon, May 22, to demonstrate
shots and swings. Mrs. Sylvia Pot
ter Cain, physical education in
structor for women, has announced.
Patty Berg, famed woman golfer,
will be on the hockey field beside
the Women's Gym Wednesday af
ternoon, May 22, to demonstrate
shots and swings. Mrs. Sylvia Pot
ter Cain, physical education in
structor for women, has announced.
Patty Berg, famed woman golfer,
will be on the hockey field beside
the Women's Gym Wednesday af
ternoon, May 22, to demonstrate
shots and swings. Mrs. Sylvia Pot
ter Cain, physical education in
structor for women, has announced.
Patty Berg, famed woman golfer,
will be on the hockey field beside
the Women's Gym Wednesday af
ternoon, May 22, to demonstrate
shots and swings. Mrs. Sylvia Pot
ter Cain, physical education in
structor for women, has announced.
Patty Berg, famed woman golfer,
will be on the hockey field beside
the Women's Gym Wednesday af
ternoon, May 22, to demonstrate
shots and swings. Mrs. Sylvia Pot
ter Cain, physical education in
structor for women, has announced.
Patty Berg, famed woman golfer,
will be on the hockey field beside
the Women's Gym Wednesday af
ternoon, May 22, to demonstrate
shots and swings. Mrs. Sylvia Pot
ter Cain, physical education in
structor for women, has announced.
Patty Berg, famed woman golfer,
will be on the hockey field beside
the Women's Gym Wednesday af
ternoon, May 22, to demonstrate
shots and swings. Mrs. Sylvia Pot
ter Cain, physical education in
structor for women, has announced.
Patty Berg, famed woman golfer,
will be on the hockey field beside
the Women's Gym Wednesday af
ternoon, May 22, to demonstrate
shots and swings. Mrs. Sylvia Pot
ter Cain, physical education in
structor for women, has announced.
Patty Berg, famed woman golfer,
will be on the hockey field beside
the Women's Gym Wednesday af
ternoon, May 22, to demonstrate
shots and swings. Mrs. Sylvia Pot
ter Cain, physical education in
structor for women, has announced.
Patty Berg, famed woman golfer,
will be on the hockey field beside
the Women's Gym Wednesday af
ternoon, May 22, to demonstrate
shots and swings. Mrs. Sylvia Pot
ter Cain, physical education in
structor for women, has announced.
Patty Berg, famed woman golfer,
will be on the hockey field beside
the Women's Gym Wednesday af
ternoon, May 22, to demonstrate
shots and swings. Mrs. Sylvia Pot
ter Cain, physical education in
structor for women, has announced.
Patty Berg, famed woman golfer,
will be on the hockey field beside
the Women's Gym Wednesday af
ternoon, May 22, to demonstrate
shots and swings. Mrs. Sylvia Pot
ter Cain, physical education in
structor for women, has announced.
Patty Berg, famed woman golfer,
will be on the hockey field beside
the Women's Gym Wednesday af
ternoon, May 22, to demonstrate
shots and swings. Mrs. Sylvia Pot
ter Cain, physical education in
structor for women, has announced.
