# Candidates-Friday Set As Nomination Deadline
## 
### 
It is later than you think!
Political parties and pressure
groups had better be getting set
tled on candidates. Nominations
must be filed by Friday. No nom
inations will bi< accepted after
this date.
It is later than you think!
Political parties and pressure
groups had better be getting set
tled on candidates. Nominations
must be filed by Friday. No nom
inations will bi< accepted after
this date.
It is later than you think!
Political parties and pressure
groups had better be getting set
tled on candidates. Nominations
must be filed by Friday. No nom
inations will bi< accepted after
this date.
It is later than you think!
Political parties and pressure
groups had better be getting set
tled on candidates. Nominations
must be filed by Friday. No nom
inations will bi< accepted after
this date.
It is later than you think!
Political parties and pressure
groups had better be getting set
tled on candidates. Nominations
must be filed by Friday. No nom
inations will bi< accepted after
this date.
It is later than you think!
Political parties and pressure
groups had better be getting set
tled on candidates. Nominations
must be filed by Friday. No nom
inations will bi< accepted after
this date.
It is later than you think!
Political parties and pressure
groups had better be getting set
tled on candidates. Nominations
must be filed by Friday. No nom
inations will bi< accepted after
this date.
It is later than you think!
Political parties and pressure
groups had better be getting set
tled on candidates. Nominations
must be filed by Friday. No nom
inations will bi< accepted after
this date.
It is later than you think!
Political parties and pressure
groups had better be getting set
tled on candidates. Nominations
must be filed by Friday. No nom
inations will bi< accepted after
this date.
It is later than you think!
Political parties and pressure
groups had better be getting set
tled on candidates. Nominations
must be filed by Friday. No nom
inations will bi< accepted after
this date.
It is later than you think!
Political parties and pressure
groups had better be getting set
tled on candidates. Nominations
must be filed by Friday. No nom
inations will bi< accepted after
this date.
It is later than you think!
Political parties and pressure
groups had better be getting set
tled on candidates. Nominations
must be filed by Friday. No nom
inations will bi< accepted after
this date.
It is later than you think!
Political parties and pressure
groups had better be getting set
tled on candidates. Nominations
must be filed by Friday. No nom
inations will bi< accepted after
this date.
It is later than you think!
Political parties and pressure
groups had better be getting set
tled on candidates. Nominations
must be filed by Friday. No nom
inations will bi< accepted after
this date.
It is later than you think!
Political parties and pressure
groups had better be getting set
tled on candidates. Nominations
must be filed by Friday. No nom
inations will bi< accepted after
this date.
