# Berry Brunch To Be Served In Union Court
## 
### 
Top feature tomorrow in the cur
rent Con Home Drive is the annual
Strawberry Brunch, to be held from
11:30 till 4 in Union Court.
The usual serving of strawberry
shortcake was dropped this year for
ice cream in keeping with the cur
rent wheat conservation program,
announced Mary Ellen Rice, food
chairman.
Given in benefit for the Con
Home children, Brunch tickets sell
for 25 cents, purchasing strawberry
sundaes and coffee, with cream and
sugar to suit individual tastes.
The Brunch is an all-campus af
fair, and women's dining halls have
been asked to cancel luncheon des
serts for the day. Classes will not
be dismissed for the Brunch.
Besides food, Co-chairmen Nancy
Traverso and Jean Strong promise
afternon-long entertainment under
the direction of Rena Jean Black.
