# Untitled Article
## 
### 
BADMINTON CI I B plays host to
the Palo Alto club for an evening
of informal matches starting at 7
o'clock in the Women's Gym. All
members will be able to play at
least one match.
BADMINTON CI I B plays host to
the Palo Alto club for an evening
of informal matches starting at 7
o'clock in the Women's Gym. All
members will be able to play at
least one match.
BADMINTON CI I B plays host to
the Palo Alto club for an evening
of informal matches starting at 7
o'clock in the Women's Gym. All
members will be able to play at
least one match.
BADMINTON CI I B plays host to
the Palo Alto club for an evening
of informal matches starting at 7
o'clock in the Women's Gym. All
members will be able to play at
least one match.
BADMINTON CI I B plays host to
the Palo Alto club for an evening
of informal matches starting at 7
o'clock in the Women's Gym. All
members will be able to play at
least one match.
BADMINTON CI I B plays host to
the Palo Alto club for an evening
of informal matches starting at 7
o'clock in the Women's Gym. All
members will be able to play at
least one match.
BADMINTON CI I B plays host to
the Palo Alto club for an evening
of informal matches starting at 7
o'clock in the Women's Gym. All
members will be able to play at
least one match.
BADMINTON CI I B plays host to
the Palo Alto club for an evening
of informal matches starting at 7
o'clock in the Women's Gym. All
members will be able to play at
least one match.
BADMINTON CI I B plays host to
the Palo Alto club for an evening
of informal matches starting at 7
o'clock in the Women's Gym. All
members will be able to play at
least one match.
BADMINTON CI I B plays host to
the Palo Alto club for an evening
of informal matches starting at 7
o'clock in the Women's Gym. All
members will be able to play at
least one match.
BADMINTON CI I B plays host to
the Palo Alto club for an evening
of informal matches starting at 7
o'clock in the Women's Gym. All
members will be able to play at
least one match.
BADMINTON CI I B plays host to
the Palo Alto club for an evening
of informal matches starting at 7
o'clock in the Women's Gym. All
members will be able to play at
least one match.
BADMINTON CI I B plays host to
the Palo Alto club for an evening
of informal matches starting at 7
o'clock in the Women's Gym. All
members will be able to play at
least one match.
BADMINTON CI I B plays host to
the Palo Alto club for an evening
of informal matches starting at 7
o'clock in the Women's Gym. All
members will be able to play at
least one match.
BADMINTON CI I B plays host to
the Palo Alto club for an evening
of informal matches starting at 7
o'clock in the Women's Gym. All
members will be able to play at
least one match.
