# Cowley Discusses Postwar Studies
## 
### 
Discussing the "concealed issues
in postwar college curriculum re
organization," William Howard
Cowley, professor of education*
speaking Wednesday at the bi
monthly Symposium Series on
American Studies, outlined several
of the more popular reorganization
plans now in operation.
The speaker described the history
of education, from the colonial col
leges of the "classic" curriculum
through the "reformation" of 1860-
JBB5, when vocational "land grant"
colleges were instituted to provide
for the public's demand for an edu
cation to fit the needs of a new his
toric era; and the group elective
system, whereby students were al
lowed to specialize while taking
similar but not identical subjects,
gained popularity.
"The current idea today is the
feeling that we must reorganize so
that those who seek general knowl
edge may obtain a basis of common
knowledge and furnish the country
with the enlightened opinion it
needs today," said Cowley.
The most successful plan intro
duced so far, according to the
speaker, has been that of Harvard,
originally introduced at Amherst,
and subsequently instituted at Co
lumbia and Chicago.
Discussing the "concealed issues
in postwar college curriculum re
organization," William Howard
Cowley, professor of education*
speaking Wednesday at the bi
monthly Symposium Series on
American Studies, outlined several
of the more popular reorganization
plans now in operation.
The speaker described the history
of education, from the colonial col
leges of the "classic" curriculum
through the "reformation" of 1860-
JBB5, when vocational "land grant"
colleges were instituted to provide
for the public's demand for an edu
cation to fit the needs of a new his
toric era; and the group elective
system, whereby students were al
lowed to specialize while taking
similar but not identical subjects,
gained popularity.
"The current idea today is the
feeling that we must reorganize so
that those who seek general knowl
edge may obtain a basis of common
knowledge and furnish the country
with the enlightened opinion it
needs today," said Cowley.
The most successful plan intro
duced so far, according to the
speaker, has been that of Harvard,
originally introduced at Amherst,
and subsequently instituted at Co
lumbia and Chicago.
Discussing the "concealed issues
in postwar college curriculum re
organization," William Howard
Cowley, professor of education*
speaking Wednesday at the bi
monthly Symposium Series on
American Studies, outlined several
of the more popular reorganization
plans now in operation.
The speaker described the history
of education, from the colonial col
leges of the "classic" curriculum
through the "reformation" of 1860-
JBB5, when vocational "land grant"
colleges were instituted to provide
for the public's demand for an edu
cation to fit the needs of a new his
toric era; and the group elective
system, whereby students were al
lowed to specialize while taking
similar but not identical subjects,
gained popularity.
"The current idea today is the
feeling that we must reorganize so
that those who seek general knowl
edge may obtain a basis of common
knowledge and furnish the country
with the enlightened opinion it
needs today," said Cowley.
The most successful plan intro
duced so far, according to the
speaker, has been that of Harvard,
originally introduced at Amherst,
and subsequently instituted at Co
lumbia and Chicago.
Discussing the "concealed issues
in postwar college curriculum re
organization," William Howard
Cowley, professor of education*
speaking Wednesday at the bi
monthly Symposium Series on
American Studies, outlined several
of the more popular reorganization
plans now in operation.
The speaker described the history
of education, from the colonial col
leges of the "classic" curriculum
through the "reformation" of 1860-
JBB5, when vocational "land grant"
colleges were instituted to provide
for the public's demand for an edu
cation to fit the needs of a new his
toric era; and the group elective
system, whereby students were al
lowed to specialize while taking
similar but not identical subjects,
gained popularity.
"The current idea today is the
feeling that we must reorganize so
that those who seek general knowl
edge may obtain a basis of common
knowledge and furnish the country
with the enlightened opinion it
needs today," said Cowley.
The most successful plan intro
duced so far, according to the
speaker, has been that of Harvard,
originally introduced at Amherst,
and subsequently instituted at Co
lumbia and Chicago.
Discussing the "concealed issues
in postwar college curriculum re
organization," William Howard
Cowley, professor of education*
speaking Wednesday at the bi
monthly Symposium Series on
American Studies, outlined several
of the more popular reorganization
plans now in operation.
The speaker described the history
of education, from the colonial col
leges of the "classic" curriculum
through the "reformation" of 1860-
JBB5, when vocational "land grant"
colleges were instituted to provide
for the public's demand for an edu
cation to fit the needs of a new his
toric era; and the group elective
system, whereby students were al
lowed to specialize while taking
similar but not identical subjects,
gained popularity.
"The current idea today is the
feeling that we must reorganize so
that those who seek general knowl
edge may obtain a basis of common
knowledge and furnish the country
with the enlightened opinion it
needs today," said Cowley.
The most successful plan intro
duced so far, according to the
speaker, has been that of Harvard,
originally introduced at Amherst,
and subsequently instituted at Co
lumbia and Chicago.
Discussing the "concealed issues
in postwar college curriculum re
organization," William Howard
Cowley, professor of education*
speaking Wednesday at the bi
monthly Symposium Series on
American Studies, outlined several
of the more popular reorganization
plans now in operation.
The speaker described the history
of education, from the colonial col
leges of the "classic" curriculum
through the "reformation" of 1860-
JBB5, when vocational "land grant"
colleges were instituted to provide
for the public's demand for an edu
cation to fit the needs of a new his
toric era; and the group elective
system, whereby students were al
lowed to specialize while taking
similar but not identical subjects,
gained popularity.
"The current idea today is the
feeling that we must reorganize so
that those who seek general knowl
edge may obtain a basis of common
knowledge and furnish the country
with the enlightened opinion it
needs today," said Cowley.
The most successful plan intro
duced so far, according to the
speaker, has been that of Harvard,
originally introduced at Amherst,
and subsequently instituted at Co
lumbia and Chicago.
Discussing the "concealed issues
in postwar college curriculum re
organization," William Howard
Cowley, professor of education*
speaking Wednesday at the bi
monthly Symposium Series on
American Studies, outlined several
of the more popular reorganization
plans now in operation.
The speaker described the history
of education, from the colonial col
leges of the "classic" curriculum
through the "reformation" of 1860-
JBB5, when vocational "land grant"
colleges were instituted to provide
for the public's demand for an edu
cation to fit the needs of a new his
toric era; and the group elective
system, whereby students were al
lowed to specialize while taking
similar but not identical subjects,
gained popularity.
"The current idea today is the
feeling that we must reorganize so
that those who seek general knowl
edge may obtain a basis of common
knowledge and furnish the country
with the enlightened opinion it
needs today," said Cowley.
The most successful plan intro
duced so far, according to the
speaker, has been that of Harvard,
originally introduced at Amherst,
and subsequently instituted at Co
lumbia and Chicago.
Discussing the "concealed issues
in postwar college curriculum re
organization," William Howard
Cowley, professor of education*
speaking Wednesday at the bi
monthly Symposium Series on
American Studies, outlined several
of the more popular reorganization
plans now in operation.
The speaker described the history
of education, from the colonial col
leges of the "classic" curriculum
through the "reformation" of 1860-
JBB5, when vocational "land grant"
colleges were instituted to provide
for the public's demand for an edu
cation to fit the needs of a new his
toric era; and the group elective
system, whereby students were al
lowed to specialize while taking
similar but not identical subjects,
gained popularity.
"The current idea today is the
feeling that we must reorganize so
that those who seek general knowl
edge may obtain a basis of common
knowledge and furnish the country
with the enlightened opinion it
needs today," said Cowley.
The most successful plan intro
duced so far, according to the
speaker, has been that of Harvard,
originally introduced at Amherst,
and subsequently instituted at Co
lumbia and Chicago.
Discussing the "concealed issues
in postwar college curriculum re
organization," William Howard
Cowley, professor of education*
speaking Wednesday at the bi
monthly Symposium Series on
American Studies, outlined several
of the more popular reorganization
plans now in operation.
The speaker described the history
of education, from the colonial col
leges of the "classic" curriculum
through the "reformation" of 1860-
JBB5, when vocational "land grant"
colleges were instituted to provide
for the public's demand for an edu
cation to fit the needs of a new his
toric era; and the group elective
system, whereby students were al
lowed to specialize while taking
similar but not identical subjects,
gained popularity.
"The current idea today is the
feeling that we must reorganize so
that those who seek general knowl
edge may obtain a basis of common
knowledge and furnish the country
with the enlightened opinion it
needs today," said Cowley.
The most successful plan intro
duced so far, according to the
speaker, has been that of Harvard,
originally introduced at Amherst,
and subsequently instituted at Co
lumbia and Chicago.
Discussing the "concealed issues
in postwar college curriculum re
organization," William Howard
Cowley, professor of education*
speaking Wednesday at the bi
monthly Symposium Series on
American Studies, outlined several
of the more popular reorganization
plans now in operation.
The speaker described the history
of education, from the colonial col
leges of the "classic" curriculum
through the "reformation" of 1860-
JBB5, when vocational "land grant"
colleges were instituted to provide
for the public's demand for an edu
cation to fit the needs of a new his
toric era; and the group elective
system, whereby students were al
lowed to specialize while taking
similar but not identical subjects,
gained popularity.
"The current idea today is the
feeling that we must reorganize so
that those who seek general knowl
edge may obtain a basis of common
knowledge and furnish the country
with the enlightened opinion it
needs today," said Cowley.
The most successful plan intro
duced so far, according to the
speaker, has been that of Harvard,
originally introduced at Amherst,
and subsequently instituted at Co
lumbia and Chicago.
Discussing the "concealed issues
in postwar college curriculum re
organization," William Howard
Cowley, professor of education*
speaking Wednesday at the bi
monthly Symposium Series on
American Studies, outlined several
of the more popular reorganization
plans now in operation.
The speaker described the history
of education, from the colonial col
leges of the "classic" curriculum
through the "reformation" of 1860-
JBB5, when vocational "land grant"
colleges were instituted to provide
for the public's demand for an edu
cation to fit the needs of a new his
toric era; and the group elective
system, whereby students were al
lowed to specialize while taking
similar but not identical subjects,
gained popularity.
"The current idea today is the
feeling that we must reorganize so
that those who seek general knowl
edge may obtain a basis of common
knowledge and furnish the country
with the enlightened opinion it
needs today," said Cowley.
The most successful plan intro
duced so far, according to the
speaker, has been that of Harvard,
originally introduced at Amherst,
and subsequently instituted at Co
lumbia and Chicago.
Discussing the "concealed issues
in postwar college curriculum re
organization," William Howard
Cowley, professor of education*
speaking Wednesday at the bi
monthly Symposium Series on
American Studies, outlined several
of the more popular reorganization
plans now in operation.
The speaker described the history
of education, from the colonial col
leges of the "classic" curriculum
through the "reformation" of 1860-
JBB5, when vocational "land grant"
colleges were instituted to provide
for the public's demand for an edu
cation to fit the needs of a new his
toric era; and the group elective
system, whereby students were al
lowed to specialize while taking
similar but not identical subjects,
gained popularity.
"The current idea today is the
feeling that we must reorganize so
that those who seek general knowl
edge may obtain a basis of common
knowledge and furnish the country
with the enlightened opinion it
needs today," said Cowley.
The most successful plan intro
duced so far, according to the
speaker, has been that of Harvard,
originally introduced at Amherst,
and subsequently instituted at Co
lumbia and Chicago.
Discussing the "concealed issues
in postwar college curriculum re
organization," William Howard
Cowley, professor of education*
speaking Wednesday at the bi
monthly Symposium Series on
American Studies, outlined several
of the more popular reorganization
plans now in operation.
The speaker described the history
of education, from the colonial col
leges of the "classic" curriculum
through the "reformation" of 1860-
JBB5, when vocational "land grant"
colleges were instituted to provide
for the public's demand for an edu
cation to fit the needs of a new his
toric era; and the group elective
system, whereby students were al
lowed to specialize while taking
similar but not identical subjects,
gained popularity.
"The current idea today is the
feeling that we must reorganize so
that those who seek general knowl
edge may obtain a basis of common
knowledge and furnish the country
with the enlightened opinion it
needs today," said Cowley.
The most successful plan intro
duced so far, according to the
speaker, has been that of Harvard,
originally introduced at Amherst,
and subsequently instituted at Co
lumbia and Chicago.
Discussing the "concealed issues
in postwar college curriculum re
organization," William Howard
Cowley, professor of education*
speaking Wednesday at the bi
monthly Symposium Series on
American Studies, outlined several
of the more popular reorganization
plans now in operation.
The speaker described the history
of education, from the colonial col
leges of the "classic" curriculum
through the "reformation" of 1860-
JBB5, when vocational "land grant"
colleges were instituted to provide
for the public's demand for an edu
cation to fit the needs of a new his
toric era; and the group elective
system, whereby students were al
lowed to specialize while taking
similar but not identical subjects,
gained popularity.
"The current idea today is the
feeling that we must reorganize so
that those who seek general knowl
edge may obtain a basis of common
knowledge and furnish the country
with the enlightened opinion it
needs today," said Cowley.
The most successful plan intro
duced so far, according to the
speaker, has been that of Harvard,
originally introduced at Amherst,
and subsequently instituted at Co
lumbia and Chicago.
Discussing the "concealed issues
in postwar college curriculum re
organization," William Howard
Cowley, professor of education*
speaking Wednesday at the bi
monthly Symposium Series on
American Studies, outlined several
of the more popular reorganization
plans now in operation.
The speaker described the history
of education, from the colonial col
leges of the "classic" curriculum
through the "reformation" of 1860-
JBB5, when vocational "land grant"
colleges were instituted to provide
for the public's demand for an edu
cation to fit the needs of a new his
toric era; and the group elective
system, whereby students were al
lowed to specialize while taking
similar but not identical subjects,
gained popularity.
"The current idea today is the
feeling that we must reorganize so
that those who seek general knowl
edge may obtain a basis of common
knowledge and furnish the country
with the enlightened opinion it
needs today," said Cowley.
The most successful plan intro
duced so far, according to the
speaker, has been that of Harvard,
originally introduced at Amherst,
and subsequently instituted at Co
lumbia and Chicago.
