# Junior Varsity Netters Tromp Santa Barbara
## 
### 
Stanford University's J.V. ten
nis squad salvaged a bit of Car
dinal prestige during the disas
trous sports weekend by sound
ly thrashing Santa Barbara State,
3-1, on the local courts.
Meanwhile the Indian varsity
prepared for next week's impor
tant clash with the all-powerful
U.S.C. Trojans, who are working
on an impressive skein of un
defeated Conference matches. Fri
day's meeting will find the In
dians decidedly on the defensive
as a result of their 0-!) white
washing at the hands of El Tro
jan earlier in the season.
Stanford University's J.V. ten
nis squad salvaged a bit of Car
dinal prestige during the disas
trous sports weekend by sound
ly thrashing Santa Barbara State,
3-1, on the local courts.
Meanwhile the Indian varsity
prepared for next week's impor
tant clash with the all-powerful
U.S.C. Trojans, who are working
on an impressive skein of un
defeated Conference matches. Fri
day's meeting will find the In
dians decidedly on the defensive
as a result of their 0-!) white
washing at the hands of El Tro
jan earlier in the season.
Stanford University's J.V. ten
nis squad salvaged a bit of Car
dinal prestige during the disas
trous sports weekend by sound
ly thrashing Santa Barbara State,
3-1, on the local courts.
Meanwhile the Indian varsity
prepared for next week's impor
tant clash with the all-powerful
U.S.C. Trojans, who are working
on an impressive skein of un
defeated Conference matches. Fri
day's meeting will find the In
dians decidedly on the defensive
as a result of their 0-!) white
washing at the hands of El Tro
jan earlier in the season.
Stanford University's J.V. ten
nis squad salvaged a bit of Car
dinal prestige during the disas
trous sports weekend by sound
ly thrashing Santa Barbara State,
3-1, on the local courts.
Meanwhile the Indian varsity
prepared for next week's impor
tant clash with the all-powerful
U.S.C. Trojans, who are working
on an impressive skein of un
defeated Conference matches. Fri
day's meeting will find the In
dians decidedly on the defensive
as a result of their 0-!) white
washing at the hands of El Tro
jan earlier in the season.
Stanford University's J.V. ten
nis squad salvaged a bit of Car
dinal prestige during the disas
trous sports weekend by sound
ly thrashing Santa Barbara State,
3-1, on the local courts.
Meanwhile the Indian varsity
prepared for next week's impor
tant clash with the all-powerful
U.S.C. Trojans, who are working
on an impressive skein of un
defeated Conference matches. Fri
day's meeting will find the In
dians decidedly on the defensive
as a result of their 0-!) white
washing at the hands of El Tro
jan earlier in the season.
Stanford University's J.V. ten
nis squad salvaged a bit of Car
dinal prestige during the disas
trous sports weekend by sound
ly thrashing Santa Barbara State,
3-1, on the local courts.
Meanwhile the Indian varsity
prepared for next week's impor
tant clash with the all-powerful
U.S.C. Trojans, who are working
on an impressive skein of un
defeated Conference matches. Fri
day's meeting will find the In
dians decidedly on the defensive
as a result of their 0-!) white
washing at the hands of El Tro
jan earlier in the season.
Stanford University's J.V. ten
nis squad salvaged a bit of Car
dinal prestige during the disas
trous sports weekend by sound
ly thrashing Santa Barbara State,
3-1, on the local courts.
Meanwhile the Indian varsity
prepared for next week's impor
tant clash with the all-powerful
U.S.C. Trojans, who are working
on an impressive skein of un
defeated Conference matches. Fri
day's meeting will find the In
dians decidedly on the defensive
as a result of their 0-!) white
washing at the hands of El Tro
jan earlier in the season.
Stanford University's J.V. ten
nis squad salvaged a bit of Car
dinal prestige during the disas
trous sports weekend by sound
ly thrashing Santa Barbara State,
3-1, on the local courts.
Meanwhile the Indian varsity
prepared for next week's impor
tant clash with the all-powerful
U.S.C. Trojans, who are working
on an impressive skein of un
defeated Conference matches. Fri
day's meeting will find the In
dians decidedly on the defensive
as a result of their 0-!) white
washing at the hands of El Tro
jan earlier in the season.
Stanford University's J.V. ten
nis squad salvaged a bit of Car
dinal prestige during the disas
trous sports weekend by sound
ly thrashing Santa Barbara State,
3-1, on the local courts.
Meanwhile the Indian varsity
prepared for next week's impor
tant clash with the all-powerful
U.S.C. Trojans, who are working
on an impressive skein of un
defeated Conference matches. Fri
day's meeting will find the In
dians decidedly on the defensive
as a result of their 0-!) white
washing at the hands of El Tro
jan earlier in the season.
Stanford University's J.V. ten
nis squad salvaged a bit of Car
dinal prestige during the disas
trous sports weekend by sound
ly thrashing Santa Barbara State,
3-1, on the local courts.
Meanwhile the Indian varsity
prepared for next week's impor
tant clash with the all-powerful
U.S.C. Trojans, who are working
on an impressive skein of un
defeated Conference matches. Fri
day's meeting will find the In
dians decidedly on the defensive
as a result of their 0-!) white
washing at the hands of El Tro
jan earlier in the season.
Stanford University's J.V. ten
nis squad salvaged a bit of Car
dinal prestige during the disas
trous sports weekend by sound
ly thrashing Santa Barbara State,
3-1, on the local courts.
Meanwhile the Indian varsity
prepared for next week's impor
tant clash with the all-powerful
U.S.C. Trojans, who are working
on an impressive skein of un
defeated Conference matches. Fri
day's meeting will find the In
dians decidedly on the defensive
as a result of their 0-!) white
washing at the hands of El Tro
jan earlier in the season.
Stanford University's J.V. ten
nis squad salvaged a bit of Car
dinal prestige during the disas
trous sports weekend by sound
ly thrashing Santa Barbara State,
3-1, on the local courts.
Meanwhile the Indian varsity
prepared for next week's impor
tant clash with the all-powerful
U.S.C. Trojans, who are working
on an impressive skein of un
defeated Conference matches. Fri
day's meeting will find the In
dians decidedly on the defensive
as a result of their 0-!) white
washing at the hands of El Tro
jan earlier in the season.
Stanford University's J.V. ten
nis squad salvaged a bit of Car
dinal prestige during the disas
trous sports weekend by sound
ly thrashing Santa Barbara State,
3-1, on the local courts.
Meanwhile the Indian varsity
prepared for next week's impor
tant clash with the all-powerful
U.S.C. Trojans, who are working
on an impressive skein of un
defeated Conference matches. Fri
day's meeting will find the In
dians decidedly on the defensive
as a result of their 0-!) white
washing at the hands of El Tro
jan earlier in the season.
Stanford University's J.V. ten
nis squad salvaged a bit of Car
dinal prestige during the disas
trous sports weekend by sound
ly thrashing Santa Barbara State,
3-1, on the local courts.
Meanwhile the Indian varsity
prepared for next week's impor
tant clash with the all-powerful
U.S.C. Trojans, who are working
on an impressive skein of un
defeated Conference matches. Fri
day's meeting will find the In
dians decidedly on the defensive
as a result of their 0-!) white
washing at the hands of El Tro
jan earlier in the season.
Stanford University's J.V. ten
nis squad salvaged a bit of Car
dinal prestige during the disas
trous sports weekend by sound
ly thrashing Santa Barbara State,
3-1, on the local courts.
Meanwhile the Indian varsity
prepared for next week's impor
tant clash with the all-powerful
U.S.C. Trojans, who are working
on an impressive skein of un
defeated Conference matches. Fri
day's meeting will find the In
dians decidedly on the defensive
as a result of their 0-!) white
washing at the hands of El Tro
jan earlier in the season.
