# Adv. 15 Page 9
## 
### 
BE A GOOD
I 111 I
a
Volunteer.
American Heart
Association
THE BRIDGE
peer counseling center
•free and confidential
counseling
•extensive information and
referral .
•gay, disability, African-
American, and international
student peer counseling
•workshops including massage
and relationship programs
•support groups
•Spring Faire
•Psychology 167 A, Peer
Counseling, offered every
quarter
O
Public*
Sen/ice
o
Bike
Shn
Stem Hill i
fofel
Counseling:
Call (415) 723-3392
24 hours/day
or drop in
9am to midnight
Business:
Call (415) 723-3393
640 Campus Drive
Stanford, CA 94305
resge Aud
BE A GOOD
I 111 I
a
Volunteer.
American Heart
Association
THE BRIDGE
peer counseling center
•free and confidential
counseling
•extensive information and
referral .
•gay, disability, African-
American, and international
student peer counseling
•workshops including massage
and relationship programs
•support groups
•Spring Faire
•Psychology 167 A, Peer
Counseling, offered every
quarter
O
Public*
Sen/ice
o
Bike
Shn
Stem Hill i
fofel
Counseling:
Call (415) 723-3392
24 hours/day
or drop in
9am to midnight
Business:
Call (415) 723-3393
640 Campus Drive
Stanford, CA 94305
resge Aud
BE A GOOD
I 111 I
a
Volunteer.
American Heart
Association
THE BRIDGE
peer counseling center
•free and confidential
counseling
•extensive information and
referral .
•gay, disability, African-
American, and international
student peer counseling
•workshops including massage
and relationship programs
•support groups
•Spring Faire
•Psychology 167 A, Peer
Counseling, offered every
quarter
O
Public*
Sen/ice
o
Bike
Shn
Stem Hill i
fofel
Counseling:
Call (415) 723-3392
24 hours/day
or drop in
9am to midnight
Business:
Call (415) 723-3393
640 Campus Drive
Stanford, CA 94305
resge Aud
BE A GOOD
I 111 I
a
Volunteer.
American Heart
Association
THE BRIDGE
peer counseling center
•free and confidential
counseling
•extensive information and
referral .
•gay, disability, African-
American, and international
student peer counseling
•workshops including massage
and relationship programs
•support groups
•Spring Faire
•Psychology 167 A, Peer
Counseling, offered every
quarter
O
Public*
Sen/ice
o
Bike
Shn
Stem Hill i
fofel
Counseling:
Call (415) 723-3392
24 hours/day
or drop in
9am to midnight
Business:
Call (415) 723-3393
640 Campus Drive
Stanford, CA 94305
resge Aud
BE A GOOD
I 111 I
a
Volunteer.
American Heart
Association
THE BRIDGE
peer counseling center
•free and confidential
counseling
•extensive information and
referral .
•gay, disability, African-
American, and international
student peer counseling
•workshops including massage
and relationship programs
•support groups
•Spring Faire
•Psychology 167 A, Peer
Counseling, offered every
quarter
O
Public*
Sen/ice
o
Bike
Shn
Stem Hill i
fofel
Counseling:
Call (415) 723-3392
24 hours/day
or drop in
9am to midnight
Business:
Call (415) 723-3393
640 Campus Drive
Stanford, CA 94305
resge Aud
BE A GOOD
I 111 I
a
Volunteer.
American Heart
Association
THE BRIDGE
peer counseling center
•free and confidential
counseling
•extensive information and
referral .
•gay, disability, African-
American, and international
student peer counseling
•workshops including massage
and relationship programs
•support groups
•Spring Faire
•Psychology 167 A, Peer
Counseling, offered every
quarter
O
Public*
Sen/ice
o
Bike
Shn
Stem Hill i
fofel
Counseling:
Call (415) 723-3392
24 hours/day
or drop in
9am to midnight
Business:
Call (415) 723-3393
640 Campus Drive
Stanford, CA 94305
resge Aud
BE A GOOD
I 111 I
a
Volunteer.
American Heart
Association
THE BRIDGE
peer counseling center
•free and confidential
counseling
•extensive information and
referral .
•gay, disability, African-
American, and international
student peer counseling
•workshops including massage
and relationship programs
•support groups
•Spring Faire
•Psychology 167 A, Peer
Counseling, offered every
quarter
O
Public*
Sen/ice
o
Bike
Shn
Stem Hill i
fofel
Counseling:
Call (415) 723-3392
24 hours/day
or drop in
9am to midnight
Business:
Call (415) 723-3393
640 Campus Drive
Stanford, CA 94305
resge Aud
BE A GOOD
I 111 I
a
Volunteer.
American Heart
Association
THE BRIDGE
peer counseling center
•free and confidential
counseling
•extensive information and
referral .
•gay, disability, African-
American, and international
student peer counseling
•workshops including massage
and relationship programs
•support groups
•Spring Faire
•Psychology 167 A, Peer
Counseling, offered every
quarter
O
Public*
Sen/ice
o
Bike
Shn
Stem Hill i
fofel
Counseling:
Call (415) 723-3392
24 hours/day
or drop in
9am to midnight
Business:
Call (415) 723-3393
640 Campus Drive
Stanford, CA 94305
resge Aud
