# Frosh Women Plan 'Our Waltz' Formal
## 
### 
"Our Waltz" has been chosen as
the theme of the spring quarter
Roble - Branner - Ventura Formal,
planned for May 19 in the Women's
Gym. Rene Cohu, general chairman'
has announced that tickets will go
on sale tomorrow for $2.00 at the
three freshmen women's dorms.
Art Weidner and his peninsula
orchestra will play for dancing
which will continue from 8:30 p.m.
to 12 p.m. According to Miss Cohu,
Weidner played for the winter quar
ter Roble-Branner-Ventura Formal,
and made a special hit with his own
arrangements.
Committee heads for the dnace are
Mary Carter and Eve Borde,Â«decora
tions and arrangements; Virginia
Palmer, clean-up; Enola Andrews,
Barbara Beal, and Georganne Par
sons, publicity; Pat Gammon, fi
nances; Margaret Power , refresh
ments; Peggy Cox, tickets; and Le
titia Tebbe, patrons.
