# BIBLE GROUP TO MEET
## 
### 
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
will meet tonight at 8 p.m. in the
vestry of the Memorial Chapel. The
group will continue its discussion of
the Book of Acts of the Bible.
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
will meet tonight at 8 p.m. in the
vestry of the Memorial Chapel. The
group will continue its discussion of
the Book of Acts of the Bible.
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
will meet tonight at 8 p.m. in the
vestry of the Memorial Chapel. The
group will continue its discussion of
the Book of Acts of the Bible.
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
will meet tonight at 8 p.m. in the
vestry of the Memorial Chapel. The
group will continue its discussion of
the Book of Acts of the Bible.
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
will meet tonight at 8 p.m. in the
vestry of the Memorial Chapel. The
group will continue its discussion of
the Book of Acts of the Bible.
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
will meet tonight at 8 p.m. in the
vestry of the Memorial Chapel. The
group will continue its discussion of
the Book of Acts of the Bible.
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
will meet tonight at 8 p.m. in the
vestry of the Memorial Chapel. The
group will continue its discussion of
the Book of Acts of the Bible.
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
will meet tonight at 8 p.m. in the
vestry of the Memorial Chapel. The
group will continue its discussion of
the Book of Acts of the Bible.
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
will meet tonight at 8 p.m. in the
vestry of the Memorial Chapel. The
group will continue its discussion of
the Book of Acts of the Bible.
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
will meet tonight at 8 p.m. in the
vestry of the Memorial Chapel. The
group will continue its discussion of
the Book of Acts of the Bible.
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
will meet tonight at 8 p.m. in the
vestry of the Memorial Chapel. The
group will continue its discussion of
the Book of Acts of the Bible.
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
will meet tonight at 8 p.m. in the
vestry of the Memorial Chapel. The
group will continue its discussion of
the Book of Acts of the Bible.
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
will meet tonight at 8 p.m. in the
vestry of the Memorial Chapel. The
group will continue its discussion of
the Book of Acts of the Bible.
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
will meet tonight at 8 p.m. in the
vestry of the Memorial Chapel. The
group will continue its discussion of
the Book of Acts of the Bible.
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
will meet tonight at 8 p.m. in the
vestry of the Memorial Chapel. The
group will continue its discussion of
the Book of Acts of the Bible.
