# Journalists Meet In S.F. Press Club
## 
### 
Five members of the Stanford un
dergraduate chapter of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional journal
ists' fraternity, met with the pro
fessional chapter at the San Fran
cisco Press Club Friday evening.
Following dinner an informal pro
gram of speeches by "country edi
tors" was arranged by Chilton R.
Bush, executive head of the Divi
sion of Journalism. Those from
Stanford who went to the city to
meet well - known newspapermen
were Robert Low, Harold Shafer,
Edward Brady, Wayne Wilson, and
Dwight Hutchinson, ex-Daily editor.
Five members of the Stanford un
dergraduate chapter of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional journal
ists' fraternity, met with the pro
fessional chapter at the San Fran
cisco Press Club Friday evening.
Following dinner an informal pro
gram of speeches by "country edi
tors" was arranged by Chilton R.
Bush, executive head of the Divi
sion of Journalism. Those from
Stanford who went to the city to
meet well - known newspapermen
were Robert Low, Harold Shafer,
Edward Brady, Wayne Wilson, and
Dwight Hutchinson, ex-Daily editor.
Five members of the Stanford un
dergraduate chapter of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional journal
ists' fraternity, met with the pro
fessional chapter at the San Fran
cisco Press Club Friday evening.
Following dinner an informal pro
gram of speeches by "country edi
tors" was arranged by Chilton R.
Bush, executive head of the Divi
sion of Journalism. Those from
Stanford who went to the city to
meet well - known newspapermen
were Robert Low, Harold Shafer,
Edward Brady, Wayne Wilson, and
Dwight Hutchinson, ex-Daily editor.
Five members of the Stanford un
dergraduate chapter of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional journal
ists' fraternity, met with the pro
fessional chapter at the San Fran
cisco Press Club Friday evening.
Following dinner an informal pro
gram of speeches by "country edi
tors" was arranged by Chilton R.
Bush, executive head of the Divi
sion of Journalism. Those from
Stanford who went to the city to
meet well - known newspapermen
were Robert Low, Harold Shafer,
Edward Brady, Wayne Wilson, and
Dwight Hutchinson, ex-Daily editor.
Five members of the Stanford un
dergraduate chapter of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional journal
ists' fraternity, met with the pro
fessional chapter at the San Fran
cisco Press Club Friday evening.
Following dinner an informal pro
gram of speeches by "country edi
tors" was arranged by Chilton R.
Bush, executive head of the Divi
sion of Journalism. Those from
Stanford who went to the city to
meet well - known newspapermen
were Robert Low, Harold Shafer,
Edward Brady, Wayne Wilson, and
Dwight Hutchinson, ex-Daily editor.
Five members of the Stanford un
dergraduate chapter of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional journal
ists' fraternity, met with the pro
fessional chapter at the San Fran
cisco Press Club Friday evening.
Following dinner an informal pro
gram of speeches by "country edi
tors" was arranged by Chilton R.
Bush, executive head of the Divi
sion of Journalism. Those from
Stanford who went to the city to
meet well - known newspapermen
were Robert Low, Harold Shafer,
Edward Brady, Wayne Wilson, and
Dwight Hutchinson, ex-Daily editor.
Five members of the Stanford un
dergraduate chapter of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional journal
ists' fraternity, met with the pro
fessional chapter at the San Fran
cisco Press Club Friday evening.
Following dinner an informal pro
gram of speeches by "country edi
tors" was arranged by Chilton R.
Bush, executive head of the Divi
sion of Journalism. Those from
Stanford who went to the city to
meet well - known newspapermen
were Robert Low, Harold Shafer,
Edward Brady, Wayne Wilson, and
Dwight Hutchinson, ex-Daily editor.
Five members of the Stanford un
dergraduate chapter of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional journal
ists' fraternity, met with the pro
fessional chapter at the San Fran
cisco Press Club Friday evening.
Following dinner an informal pro
gram of speeches by "country edi
tors" was arranged by Chilton R.
Bush, executive head of the Divi
sion of Journalism. Those from
Stanford who went to the city to
meet well - known newspapermen
were Robert Low, Harold Shafer,
Edward Brady, Wayne Wilson, and
Dwight Hutchinson, ex-Daily editor.
Five members of the Stanford un
dergraduate chapter of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional journal
ists' fraternity, met with the pro
fessional chapter at the San Fran
cisco Press Club Friday evening.
Following dinner an informal pro
gram of speeches by "country edi
tors" was arranged by Chilton R.
Bush, executive head of the Divi
sion of Journalism. Those from
Stanford who went to the city to
meet well - known newspapermen
were Robert Low, Harold Shafer,
Edward Brady, Wayne Wilson, and
Dwight Hutchinson, ex-Daily editor.
Five members of the Stanford un
dergraduate chapter of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional journal
ists' fraternity, met with the pro
fessional chapter at the San Fran
cisco Press Club Friday evening.
Following dinner an informal pro
gram of speeches by "country edi
tors" was arranged by Chilton R.
Bush, executive head of the Divi
sion of Journalism. Those from
Stanford who went to the city to
meet well - known newspapermen
were Robert Low, Harold Shafer,
Edward Brady, Wayne Wilson, and
Dwight Hutchinson, ex-Daily editor.
Five members of the Stanford un
dergraduate chapter of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional journal
ists' fraternity, met with the pro
fessional chapter at the San Fran
cisco Press Club Friday evening.
Following dinner an informal pro
gram of speeches by "country edi
tors" was arranged by Chilton R.
Bush, executive head of the Divi
sion of Journalism. Those from
Stanford who went to the city to
meet well - known newspapermen
were Robert Low, Harold Shafer,
Edward Brady, Wayne Wilson, and
Dwight Hutchinson, ex-Daily editor.
Five members of the Stanford un
dergraduate chapter of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional journal
ists' fraternity, met with the pro
fessional chapter at the San Fran
cisco Press Club Friday evening.
Following dinner an informal pro
gram of speeches by "country edi
tors" was arranged by Chilton R.
Bush, executive head of the Divi
sion of Journalism. Those from
Stanford who went to the city to
meet well - known newspapermen
were Robert Low, Harold Shafer,
Edward Brady, Wayne Wilson, and
Dwight Hutchinson, ex-Daily editor.
Five members of the Stanford un
dergraduate chapter of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional journal
ists' fraternity, met with the pro
fessional chapter at the San Fran
cisco Press Club Friday evening.
Following dinner an informal pro
gram of speeches by "country edi
tors" was arranged by Chilton R.
Bush, executive head of the Divi
sion of Journalism. Those from
Stanford who went to the city to
meet well - known newspapermen
were Robert Low, Harold Shafer,
Edward Brady, Wayne Wilson, and
Dwight Hutchinson, ex-Daily editor.
Five members of the Stanford un
dergraduate chapter of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional journal
ists' fraternity, met with the pro
fessional chapter at the San Fran
cisco Press Club Friday evening.
Following dinner an informal pro
gram of speeches by "country edi
tors" was arranged by Chilton R.
Bush, executive head of the Divi
sion of Journalism. Those from
Stanford who went to the city to
meet well - known newspapermen
were Robert Low, Harold Shafer,
Edward Brady, Wayne Wilson, and
Dwight Hutchinson, ex-Daily editor.
Five members of the Stanford un
dergraduate chapter of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional journal
ists' fraternity, met with the pro
fessional chapter at the San Fran
cisco Press Club Friday evening.
Following dinner an informal pro
gram of speeches by "country edi
tors" was arranged by Chilton R.
Bush, executive head of the Divi
sion of Journalism. Those from
Stanford who went to the city to
meet well - known newspapermen
were Robert Low, Harold Shafer,
Edward Brady, Wayne Wilson, and
Dwight Hutchinson, ex-Daily editor.
Five members of the Stanford un
dergraduate chapter of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional journal
ists' fraternity, met with the pro
fessional chapter at the San Fran
cisco Press Club Friday evening.
Following dinner an informal pro
gram of speeches by "country edi
tors" was arranged by Chilton R.
Bush, executive head of the Divi
sion of Journalism. Those from
Stanford who went to the city to
meet well - known newspapermen
were Robert Low, Harold Shafer,
Edward Brady, Wayne Wilson, and
Dwight Hutchinson, ex-Daily editor.
Five members of the Stanford un
dergraduate chapter of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional journal
ists' fraternity, met with the pro
fessional chapter at the San Fran
cisco Press Club Friday evening.
Following dinner an informal pro
gram of speeches by "country edi
tors" was arranged by Chilton R.
Bush, executive head of the Divi
sion of Journalism. Those from
Stanford who went to the city to
meet well - known newspapermen
were Robert Low, Harold Shafer,
Edward Brady, Wayne Wilson, and
Dwight Hutchinson, ex-Daily editor.
Five members of the Stanford un
dergraduate chapter of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional journal
ists' fraternity, met with the pro
fessional chapter at the San Fran
cisco Press Club Friday evening.
Following dinner an informal pro
gram of speeches by "country edi
tors" was arranged by Chilton R.
Bush, executive head of the Divi
sion of Journalism. Those from
Stanford who went to the city to
meet well - known newspapermen
were Robert Low, Harold Shafer,
Edward Brady, Wayne Wilson, and
Dwight Hutchinson, ex-Daily editor.
