# SISSON TO READ PAPER
## 
### 
A paper on "Individuality, De
mocracy, and Social Control" will
be read by E. O. Sisson, recently a
professor of philosophy at Reed Col
lege, at an open meeting of the
Philosophical Club in the Nitery at
8:30 tonight. The meeting will be
followed by an informal discussion.
Members of the faculty, students,
and visitors are welcome to attend.
A paper on "Individuality, De
mocracy, and Social Control" will
be read by E. O. Sisson, recently a
professor of philosophy at Reed Col
lege, at an open meeting of the
Philosophical Club in the Nitery at
8:30 tonight. The meeting will be
followed by an informal discussion.
Members of the faculty, students,
and visitors are welcome to attend.
A paper on "Individuality, De
mocracy, and Social Control" will
be read by E. O. Sisson, recently a
professor of philosophy at Reed Col
lege, at an open meeting of the
Philosophical Club in the Nitery at
8:30 tonight. The meeting will be
followed by an informal discussion.
Members of the faculty, students,
and visitors are welcome to attend.
A paper on "Individuality, De
mocracy, and Social Control" will
be read by E. O. Sisson, recently a
professor of philosophy at Reed Col
lege, at an open meeting of the
Philosophical Club in the Nitery at
8:30 tonight. The meeting will be
followed by an informal discussion.
Members of the faculty, students,
and visitors are welcome to attend.
A paper on "Individuality, De
mocracy, and Social Control" will
be read by E. O. Sisson, recently a
professor of philosophy at Reed Col
lege, at an open meeting of the
Philosophical Club in the Nitery at
8:30 tonight. The meeting will be
followed by an informal discussion.
Members of the faculty, students,
and visitors are welcome to attend.
A paper on "Individuality, De
mocracy, and Social Control" will
be read by E. O. Sisson, recently a
professor of philosophy at Reed Col
lege, at an open meeting of the
Philosophical Club in the Nitery at
8:30 tonight. The meeting will be
followed by an informal discussion.
Members of the faculty, students,
and visitors are welcome to attend.
A paper on "Individuality, De
mocracy, and Social Control" will
be read by E. O. Sisson, recently a
professor of philosophy at Reed Col
lege, at an open meeting of the
Philosophical Club in the Nitery at
8:30 tonight. The meeting will be
followed by an informal discussion.
Members of the faculty, students,
and visitors are welcome to attend.
A paper on "Individuality, De
mocracy, and Social Control" will
be read by E. O. Sisson, recently a
professor of philosophy at Reed Col
lege, at an open meeting of the
Philosophical Club in the Nitery at
8:30 tonight. The meeting will be
followed by an informal discussion.
Members of the faculty, students,
and visitors are welcome to attend.
A paper on "Individuality, De
mocracy, and Social Control" will
be read by E. O. Sisson, recently a
professor of philosophy at Reed Col
lege, at an open meeting of the
Philosophical Club in the Nitery at
8:30 tonight. The meeting will be
followed by an informal discussion.
Members of the faculty, students,
and visitors are welcome to attend.
A paper on "Individuality, De
mocracy, and Social Control" will
be read by E. O. Sisson, recently a
professor of philosophy at Reed Col
lege, at an open meeting of the
Philosophical Club in the Nitery at
8:30 tonight. The meeting will be
followed by an informal discussion.
Members of the faculty, students,
and visitors are welcome to attend.
A paper on "Individuality, De
mocracy, and Social Control" will
be read by E. O. Sisson, recently a
professor of philosophy at Reed Col
lege, at an open meeting of the
Philosophical Club in the Nitery at
8:30 tonight. The meeting will be
followed by an informal discussion.
Members of the faculty, students,
and visitors are welcome to attend.
A paper on "Individuality, De
mocracy, and Social Control" will
be read by E. O. Sisson, recently a
professor of philosophy at Reed Col
lege, at an open meeting of the
Philosophical Club in the Nitery at
8:30 tonight. The meeting will be
followed by an informal discussion.
Members of the faculty, students,
and visitors are welcome to attend.
A paper on "Individuality, De
mocracy, and Social Control" will
be read by E. O. Sisson, recently a
professor of philosophy at Reed Col
lege, at an open meeting of the
Philosophical Club in the Nitery at
8:30 tonight. The meeting will be
followed by an informal discussion.
Members of the faculty, students,
and visitors are welcome to attend.
A paper on "Individuality, De
mocracy, and Social Control" will
be read by E. O. Sisson, recently a
professor of philosophy at Reed Col
lege, at an open meeting of the
Philosophical Club in the Nitery at
8:30 tonight. The meeting will be
followed by an informal discussion.
Members of the faculty, students,
and visitors are welcome to attend.
A paper on "Individuality, De
mocracy, and Social Control" will
be read by E. O. Sisson, recently a
professor of philosophy at Reed Col
lege, at an open meeting of the
Philosophical Club in the Nitery at
8:30 tonight. The meeting will be
followed by an informal discussion.
Members of the faculty, students,
and visitors are welcome to attend.
A paper on "Individuality, De
mocracy, and Social Control" will
be read by E. O. Sisson, recently a
professor of philosophy at Reed Col
lege, at an open meeting of the
Philosophical Club in the Nitery at
8:30 tonight. The meeting will be
followed by an informal discussion.
Members of the faculty, students,
and visitors are welcome to attend.
A paper on "Individuality, De
mocracy, and Social Control" will
be read by E. O. Sisson, recently a
professor of philosophy at Reed Col
lege, at an open meeting of the
Philosophical Club in the Nitery at
8:30 tonight. The meeting will be
followed by an informal discussion.
Members of the faculty, students,
and visitors are welcome to attend.
A paper on "Individuality, De
mocracy, and Social Control" will
be read by E. O. Sisson, recently a
professor of philosophy at Reed Col
lege, at an open meeting of the
Philosophical Club in the Nitery at
8:30 tonight. The meeting will be
followed by an informal discussion.
Members of the faculty, students,
and visitors are welcome to attend.
