# Bulletin Board
## 
### 
AFTERNOON BRIDGE GROUP of
Stanford Dames will meet Tues
day at 2 o'clock at the home of
Mrs. Graham Stuart, 548 Gerona
Road.
'Y' MUSIC GROUP will meet today
at the Women's Clubhouse from
4:30 to 5:30.
SENIOR PROM Decoration Com
mitteemen will meet in the base
ment of the Memorial Auditorium
from 2 to 6 o'clock.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE GROUP of
Stanford Dames will meet Tues
day at 2 o'clock at the home of
Mrs. Graham Stuart, 548 Gerona
Road.
'Y' MUSIC GROUP will meet today
at the Women's Clubhouse from
4:30 to 5:30.
SENIOR PROM Decoration Com
mitteemen will meet in the base
ment of the Memorial Auditorium
from 2 to 6 o'clock.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE GROUP of
Stanford Dames will meet Tues
day at 2 o'clock at the home of
Mrs. Graham Stuart, 548 Gerona
Road.
'Y' MUSIC GROUP will meet today
at the Women's Clubhouse from
4:30 to 5:30.
SENIOR PROM Decoration Com
mitteemen will meet in the base
ment of the Memorial Auditorium
from 2 to 6 o'clock.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE GROUP of
Stanford Dames will meet Tues
day at 2 o'clock at the home of
Mrs. Graham Stuart, 548 Gerona
Road.
'Y' MUSIC GROUP will meet today
at the Women's Clubhouse from
4:30 to 5:30.
SENIOR PROM Decoration Com
mitteemen will meet in the base
ment of the Memorial Auditorium
from 2 to 6 o'clock.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE GROUP of
Stanford Dames will meet Tues
day at 2 o'clock at the home of
Mrs. Graham Stuart, 548 Gerona
Road.
'Y' MUSIC GROUP will meet today
at the Women's Clubhouse from
4:30 to 5:30.
SENIOR PROM Decoration Com
mitteemen will meet in the base
ment of the Memorial Auditorium
from 2 to 6 o'clock.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE GROUP of
Stanford Dames will meet Tues
day at 2 o'clock at the home of
Mrs. Graham Stuart, 548 Gerona
Road.
'Y' MUSIC GROUP will meet today
at the Women's Clubhouse from
4:30 to 5:30.
SENIOR PROM Decoration Com
mitteemen will meet in the base
ment of the Memorial Auditorium
from 2 to 6 o'clock.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE GROUP of
Stanford Dames will meet Tues
day at 2 o'clock at the home of
Mrs. Graham Stuart, 548 Gerona
Road.
'Y' MUSIC GROUP will meet today
at the Women's Clubhouse from
4:30 to 5:30.
SENIOR PROM Decoration Com
mitteemen will meet in the base
ment of the Memorial Auditorium
from 2 to 6 o'clock.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE GROUP of
Stanford Dames will meet Tues
day at 2 o'clock at the home of
Mrs. Graham Stuart, 548 Gerona
Road.
'Y' MUSIC GROUP will meet today
at the Women's Clubhouse from
4:30 to 5:30.
SENIOR PROM Decoration Com
mitteemen will meet in the base
ment of the Memorial Auditorium
from 2 to 6 o'clock.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE GROUP of
Stanford Dames will meet Tues
day at 2 o'clock at the home of
Mrs. Graham Stuart, 548 Gerona
Road.
'Y' MUSIC GROUP will meet today
at the Women's Clubhouse from
4:30 to 5:30.
SENIOR PROM Decoration Com
mitteemen will meet in the base
ment of the Memorial Auditorium
from 2 to 6 o'clock.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE GROUP of
Stanford Dames will meet Tues
day at 2 o'clock at the home of
Mrs. Graham Stuart, 548 Gerona
Road.
'Y' MUSIC GROUP will meet today
at the Women's Clubhouse from
4:30 to 5:30.
SENIOR PROM Decoration Com
mitteemen will meet in the base
ment of the Memorial Auditorium
from 2 to 6 o'clock.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE GROUP of
Stanford Dames will meet Tues
day at 2 o'clock at the home of
Mrs. Graham Stuart, 548 Gerona
Road.
'Y' MUSIC GROUP will meet today
at the Women's Clubhouse from
4:30 to 5:30.
SENIOR PROM Decoration Com
mitteemen will meet in the base
ment of the Memorial Auditorium
from 2 to 6 o'clock.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE GROUP of
Stanford Dames will meet Tues
day at 2 o'clock at the home of
Mrs. Graham Stuart, 548 Gerona
Road.
'Y' MUSIC GROUP will meet today
at the Women's Clubhouse from
4:30 to 5:30.
SENIOR PROM Decoration Com
mitteemen will meet in the base
ment of the Memorial Auditorium
from 2 to 6 o'clock.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE GROUP of
Stanford Dames will meet Tues
day at 2 o'clock at the home of
Mrs. Graham Stuart, 548 Gerona
Road.
'Y' MUSIC GROUP will meet today
at the Women's Clubhouse from
4:30 to 5:30.
SENIOR PROM Decoration Com
mitteemen will meet in the base
ment of the Memorial Auditorium
from 2 to 6 o'clock.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE GROUP of
Stanford Dames will meet Tues
day at 2 o'clock at the home of
Mrs. Graham Stuart, 548 Gerona
Road.
'Y' MUSIC GROUP will meet today
at the Women's Clubhouse from
4:30 to 5:30.
SENIOR PROM Decoration Com
mitteemen will meet in the base
ment of the Memorial Auditorium
from 2 to 6 o'clock.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE GROUP of
Stanford Dames will meet Tues
day at 2 o'clock at the home of
Mrs. Graham Stuart, 548 Gerona
Road.
'Y' MUSIC GROUP will meet today
at the Women's Clubhouse from
4:30 to 5:30.
SENIOR PROM Decoration Com
mitteemen will meet in the base
ment of the Memorial Auditorium
from 2 to 6 o'clock.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE GROUP of
Stanford Dames will meet Tues
day at 2 o'clock at the home of
Mrs. Graham Stuart, 548 Gerona
Road.
'Y' MUSIC GROUP will meet today
at the Women's Clubhouse from
4:30 to 5:30.
SENIOR PROM Decoration Com
mitteemen will meet in the base
ment of the Memorial Auditorium
from 2 to 6 o'clock.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE GROUP of
Stanford Dames will meet Tues
day at 2 o'clock at the home of
Mrs. Graham Stuart, 548 Gerona
Road.
'Y' MUSIC GROUP will meet today
at the Women's Clubhouse from
4:30 to 5:30.
SENIOR PROM Decoration Com
mitteemen will meet in the base
ment of the Memorial Auditorium
from 2 to 6 o'clock.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE GROUP of
Stanford Dames will meet Tues
day at 2 o'clock at the home of
Mrs. Graham Stuart, 548 Gerona
Road.
'Y' MUSIC GROUP will meet today
at the Women's Clubhouse from
4:30 to 5:30.
SENIOR PROM Decoration Com
mitteemen will meet in the base
ment of the Memorial Auditorium
from 2 to 6 o'clock.
