# Mermen Scuttle Fullerton, S.F. 'Y'
## 
### 
Led by big Roy Vitousek and Bill
Weeden, the Stanford swimmers
steamrolled Fullerton J. C. and San
Francisco Y.M.C.A. 55-19 and 49-25
to win their fourth and fifth con
secutive victories.
In Friday's meeting with Fuller
ton, Stanford started out at a
"blitz" pace, leading the visitors
29-2 at the end of the fourth event.
Swimming during the fury of Fri
day's storm, A1 Frost and Doc Col
year gave the best race of the after
noon when they took first and sec
ond in the 220 by swimming it in
2:22.9.
Stanford won 7 of the 9 events,
allowing Fullerton victories only in
the breast-stroke and the 150-yard
backstroke.
In the Saturday meet Stanford
defeated the "Y" for the second time
this year. The score of the first
meet was 39-36.
As in the Fullerton meet, Stanford
started off with power and speed to
lead 25-6 at the end of the fourth
event.
The Indians were victorious in 7
of the 9 events.
