# Bull Boomerangs Power of Press
## 
### 
Charles -Bull, Daily associate
editor, is a hit wary of the power
of the press these days.
Last Wednesday Bull wrote an
editorial expressing the hope that
the senior class could not sell
additional bids to their prom. "It
is to be hoped," he wrote, "that
the Class of '41 . . . will not re
sort to the tactics of printing an
other hundred or more bids."
Thursday Bull walked up to the
window of the A.S.S.U. office to
pick up the bid he thought had
been saved for him.
He is 76th on the waiting list.
Charles -Bull, Daily associate
editor, is a hit wary of the power
of the press these days.
Last Wednesday Bull wrote an
editorial expressing the hope that
the senior class could not sell
additional bids to their prom. "It
is to be hoped," he wrote, "that
the Class of '41 . . . will not re
sort to the tactics of printing an
other hundred or more bids."
Thursday Bull walked up to the
window of the A.S.S.U. office to
pick up the bid he thought had
been saved for him.
He is 76th on the waiting list.
Charles -Bull, Daily associate
editor, is a hit wary of the power
of the press these days.
Last Wednesday Bull wrote an
editorial expressing the hope that
the senior class could not sell
additional bids to their prom. "It
is to be hoped," he wrote, "that
the Class of '41 . . . will not re
sort to the tactics of printing an
other hundred or more bids."
Thursday Bull walked up to the
window of the A.S.S.U. office to
pick up the bid he thought had
been saved for him.
He is 76th on the waiting list.
Charles -Bull, Daily associate
editor, is a hit wary of the power
of the press these days.
Last Wednesday Bull wrote an
editorial expressing the hope that
the senior class could not sell
additional bids to their prom. "It
is to be hoped," he wrote, "that
the Class of '41 . . . will not re
sort to the tactics of printing an
other hundred or more bids."
Thursday Bull walked up to the
window of the A.S.S.U. office to
pick up the bid he thought had
been saved for him.
He is 76th on the waiting list.
Charles -Bull, Daily associate
editor, is a hit wary of the power
of the press these days.
Last Wednesday Bull wrote an
editorial expressing the hope that
the senior class could not sell
additional bids to their prom. "It
is to be hoped," he wrote, "that
the Class of '41 . . . will not re
sort to the tactics of printing an
other hundred or more bids."
Thursday Bull walked up to the
window of the A.S.S.U. office to
pick up the bid he thought had
been saved for him.
He is 76th on the waiting list.
Charles -Bull, Daily associate
editor, is a hit wary of the power
of the press these days.
Last Wednesday Bull wrote an
editorial expressing the hope that
the senior class could not sell
additional bids to their prom. "It
is to be hoped," he wrote, "that
the Class of '41 . . . will not re
sort to the tactics of printing an
other hundred or more bids."
Thursday Bull walked up to the
window of the A.S.S.U. office to
pick up the bid he thought had
been saved for him.
He is 76th on the waiting list.
Charles -Bull, Daily associate
editor, is a hit wary of the power
of the press these days.
Last Wednesday Bull wrote an
editorial expressing the hope that
the senior class could not sell
additional bids to their prom. "It
is to be hoped," he wrote, "that
the Class of '41 . . . will not re
sort to the tactics of printing an
other hundred or more bids."
Thursday Bull walked up to the
window of the A.S.S.U. office to
pick up the bid he thought had
been saved for him.
He is 76th on the waiting list.
Charles -Bull, Daily associate
editor, is a hit wary of the power
of the press these days.
Last Wednesday Bull wrote an
editorial expressing the hope that
the senior class could not sell
additional bids to their prom. "It
is to be hoped," he wrote, "that
the Class of '41 . . . will not re
sort to the tactics of printing an
other hundred or more bids."
Thursday Bull walked up to the
window of the A.S.S.U. office to
pick up the bid he thought had
been saved for him.
He is 76th on the waiting list.
Charles -Bull, Daily associate
editor, is a hit wary of the power
of the press these days.
Last Wednesday Bull wrote an
editorial expressing the hope that
the senior class could not sell
additional bids to their prom. "It
is to be hoped," he wrote, "that
the Class of '41 . . . will not re
sort to the tactics of printing an
other hundred or more bids."
Thursday Bull walked up to the
window of the A.S.S.U. office to
pick up the bid he thought had
been saved for him.
He is 76th on the waiting list.
Charles -Bull, Daily associate
editor, is a hit wary of the power
of the press these days.
Last Wednesday Bull wrote an
editorial expressing the hope that
the senior class could not sell
additional bids to their prom. "It
is to be hoped," he wrote, "that
the Class of '41 . . . will not re
sort to the tactics of printing an
other hundred or more bids."
Thursday Bull walked up to the
window of the A.S.S.U. office to
pick up the bid he thought had
been saved for him.
He is 76th on the waiting list.
Charles -Bull, Daily associate
editor, is a hit wary of the power
of the press these days.
Last Wednesday Bull wrote an
editorial expressing the hope that
the senior class could not sell
additional bids to their prom. "It
is to be hoped," he wrote, "that
the Class of '41 . . . will not re
sort to the tactics of printing an
other hundred or more bids."
Thursday Bull walked up to the
window of the A.S.S.U. office to
pick up the bid he thought had
been saved for him.
He is 76th on the waiting list.
Charles -Bull, Daily associate
editor, is a hit wary of the power
of the press these days.
Last Wednesday Bull wrote an
editorial expressing the hope that
the senior class could not sell
additional bids to their prom. "It
is to be hoped," he wrote, "that
the Class of '41 . . . will not re
sort to the tactics of printing an
other hundred or more bids."
Thursday Bull walked up to the
window of the A.S.S.U. office to
pick up the bid he thought had
been saved for him.
He is 76th on the waiting list.
Charles -Bull, Daily associate
editor, is a hit wary of the power
of the press these days.
Last Wednesday Bull wrote an
editorial expressing the hope that
the senior class could not sell
additional bids to their prom. "It
is to be hoped," he wrote, "that
the Class of '41 . . . will not re
sort to the tactics of printing an
other hundred or more bids."
Thursday Bull walked up to the
window of the A.S.S.U. office to
pick up the bid he thought had
been saved for him.
He is 76th on the waiting list.
Charles -Bull, Daily associate
editor, is a hit wary of the power
of the press these days.
Last Wednesday Bull wrote an
editorial expressing the hope that
the senior class could not sell
additional bids to their prom. "It
is to be hoped," he wrote, "that
the Class of '41 . . . will not re
sort to the tactics of printing an
other hundred or more bids."
Thursday Bull walked up to the
window of the A.S.S.U. office to
pick up the bid he thought had
been saved for him.
He is 76th on the waiting list.
Charles -Bull, Daily associate
editor, is a hit wary of the power
of the press these days.
Last Wednesday Bull wrote an
editorial expressing the hope that
the senior class could not sell
additional bids to their prom. "It
is to be hoped," he wrote, "that
the Class of '41 . . . will not re
sort to the tactics of printing an
other hundred or more bids."
Thursday Bull walked up to the
window of the A.S.S.U. office to
pick up the bid he thought had
been saved for him.
He is 76th on the waiting list.
Charles -Bull, Daily associate
editor, is a hit wary of the power
of the press these days.
Last Wednesday Bull wrote an
editorial expressing the hope that
the senior class could not sell
additional bids to their prom. "It
is to be hoped," he wrote, "that
the Class of '41 . . . will not re
sort to the tactics of printing an
other hundred or more bids."
Thursday Bull walked up to the
window of the A.S.S.U. office to
pick up the bid he thought had
been saved for him.
He is 76th on the waiting list.
Charles -Bull, Daily associate
editor, is a hit wary of the power
of the press these days.
Last Wednesday Bull wrote an
editorial expressing the hope that
the senior class could not sell
additional bids to their prom. "It
is to be hoped," he wrote, "that
the Class of '41 . . . will not re
sort to the tactics of printing an
other hundred or more bids."
Thursday Bull walked up to the
window of the A.S.S.U. office to
pick up the bid he thought had
been saved for him.
He is 76th on the waiting list.
Charles -Bull, Daily associate
editor, is a hit wary of the power
of the press these days.
Last Wednesday Bull wrote an
editorial expressing the hope that
the senior class could not sell
additional bids to their prom. "It
is to be hoped," he wrote, "that
the Class of '41 . . . will not re
sort to the tactics of printing an
other hundred or more bids."
Thursday Bull walked up to the
window of the A.S.S.U. office to
pick up the bid he thought had
been saved for him.
He is 76th on the waiting list.
