# INSIDE
## 
### 
Bump
The Cardinal fall short of
victory in a must-win game
against San Jose State.
See Sports Monday, page 6

Hump
Budget negotiators tran
scend their differences,
reach a compromise.
See World & Nation, page 3

Dump
Away from home, women's
volleyball sets aside two
Arizona foes.
See Sports Monday, page 6

Bump
The Cardinal fall short of
victory in a must-win game
against San Jose State.
See Sports Monday, page 6

Hump
Budget negotiators tran
scend their differences,
reach a compromise.
See World & Nation, page 3

Dump
Away from home, women's
volleyball sets aside two
Arizona foes.
See Sports Monday, page 6

Bump
The Cardinal fall short of
victory in a must-win game
against San Jose State.
See Sports Monday, page 6

Hump
Budget negotiators tran
scend their differences,
reach a compromise.
See World & Nation, page 3

Dump
Away from home, women's
volleyball sets aside two
Arizona foes.
See Sports Monday, page 6

Bump
The Cardinal fall short of
victory in a must-win game
against San Jose State.
See Sports Monday, page 6

Hump
Budget negotiators tran
scend their differences,
reach a compromise.
See World & Nation, page 3

Dump
Away from home, women's
volleyball sets aside two
Arizona foes.
See Sports Monday, page 6

Bump
The Cardinal fall short of
victory in a must-win game
against San Jose State.
See Sports Monday, page 6

Hump
Budget negotiators tran
scend their differences,
reach a compromise.
See World & Nation, page 3

Dump
Away from home, women's
volleyball sets aside two
Arizona foes.
See Sports Monday, page 6

Bump
The Cardinal fall short of
victory in a must-win game
against San Jose State.
See Sports Monday, page 6

Hump
Budget negotiators tran
scend their differences,
reach a compromise.
See World & Nation, page 3

Dump
Away from home, women's
volleyball sets aside two
Arizona foes.
See Sports Monday, page 6

Bump
The Cardinal fall short of
victory in a must-win game
against San Jose State.
See Sports Monday, page 6

Hump
Budget negotiators tran
scend their differences,
reach a compromise.
See World & Nation, page 3

Dump
Away from home, women's
volleyball sets aside two
Arizona foes.
See Sports Monday, page 6

Bump
The Cardinal fall short of
victory in a must-win game
against San Jose State.
See Sports Monday, page 6

Hump
Budget negotiators tran
scend their differences,
reach a compromise.
See World & Nation, page 3

Dump
Away from home, women's
volleyball sets aside two
Arizona foes.
See Sports Monday, page 6

