# Industrial Evil to Be Discussed
## 
### 
Burton Wolfe, editor of the
muckraking San Francisco mag
azine, The Californian, will speak
on “Malpractices of Big Business
Corporations’’ today at 4:15 p.m.
in Cubberley Auditorium. The
speech is being sponsored by
Breakers Club.

The Californian is a monthly
publication which tries to expose
evils in politics, business and so
ciety. Wolfe says he started it
about two years ago when he be
came disillusioned with the news
paper business after he had work
ed for several papers and the old
International News Service.
“The situation in California is
especially bad,” Wolfe says. “The
people of California are being fed
a bunch of half-truths and are get
ting through the daily newspaper
the philosophy of the Republican
Party and Big Business in pre
ponderance to anything else.”
In recent issues of The Cali
fornian Wolfe has attacked such
targets as the Christian Anti •
Communism Crusade and its big
business support, “Operation Abo
lition,” a film on the San Fran
cisco riots at hearings of the
House Un • American Activities
Committee and police malprac
tices in San Francisco and Los
Angeles.
“Big Business malpractices are
something that aren’t talked about
a lot,” Wolfe said. The Califor
nian regularly carries stories of
specific abuses by various busi
ness firms.


BURTON WOLFE
of The Californian
