# Adv. 32 Page 4
## 
### 
Headline for "Once Around tlie*
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Headline for "Once Around tlie*
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Headline for "Once Around tlie*
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Headline for "Once Around tlie*
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Headline for "Once Around tlie*
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Headline for "Once Around tlie*
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Headline for "Once Around tlie*
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Headline for "Once Around tlie*
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Headline for "Once Around tlie*
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Headline for "Once Around tlie*
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Headline for "Once Around tlie*
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Headline for "Once Around tlie*
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Headline for "Once Around tlie*
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Headline for "Once Around tlie*
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Headline for "Once Around tlie*
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
