# Sports Car Club to Hold Organizational Meeting
## 
### 
An organizational meeting of the
Sports Car Club will be held tonight
at 7:30 in Bowman Alumni House.
Officers will be elected. Car own
ership is not a requisite for those
who wish to join. Any interested
student may contact Tom Twist at
Toyon.
An organizational meeting of the
Sports Car Club will be held tonight
at 7:30 in Bowman Alumni House.
Officers will be elected. Car own
ership is not a requisite for those
who wish to join. Any interested
student may contact Tom Twist at
Toyon.
An organizational meeting of the
Sports Car Club will be held tonight
at 7:30 in Bowman Alumni House.
Officers will be elected. Car own
ership is not a requisite for those
who wish to join. Any interested
student may contact Tom Twist at
Toyon.
An organizational meeting of the
Sports Car Club will be held tonight
at 7:30 in Bowman Alumni House.
Officers will be elected. Car own
ership is not a requisite for those
who wish to join. Any interested
student may contact Tom Twist at
Toyon.
An organizational meeting of the
Sports Car Club will be held tonight
at 7:30 in Bowman Alumni House.
Officers will be elected. Car own
ership is not a requisite for those
who wish to join. Any interested
student may contact Tom Twist at
Toyon.
An organizational meeting of the
Sports Car Club will be held tonight
at 7:30 in Bowman Alumni House.
Officers will be elected. Car own
ership is not a requisite for those
who wish to join. Any interested
student may contact Tom Twist at
Toyon.
An organizational meeting of the
Sports Car Club will be held tonight
at 7:30 in Bowman Alumni House.
Officers will be elected. Car own
ership is not a requisite for those
who wish to join. Any interested
student may contact Tom Twist at
Toyon.
An organizational meeting of the
Sports Car Club will be held tonight
at 7:30 in Bowman Alumni House.
Officers will be elected. Car own
ership is not a requisite for those
who wish to join. Any interested
student may contact Tom Twist at
Toyon.
An organizational meeting of the
Sports Car Club will be held tonight
at 7:30 in Bowman Alumni House.
Officers will be elected. Car own
ership is not a requisite for those
who wish to join. Any interested
student may contact Tom Twist at
Toyon.
An organizational meeting of the
Sports Car Club will be held tonight
at 7:30 in Bowman Alumni House.
Officers will be elected. Car own
ership is not a requisite for those
who wish to join. Any interested
student may contact Tom Twist at
Toyon.
An organizational meeting of the
Sports Car Club will be held tonight
at 7:30 in Bowman Alumni House.
Officers will be elected. Car own
ership is not a requisite for those
who wish to join. Any interested
student may contact Tom Twist at
Toyon.
An organizational meeting of the
Sports Car Club will be held tonight
at 7:30 in Bowman Alumni House.
Officers will be elected. Car own
ership is not a requisite for those
who wish to join. Any interested
student may contact Tom Twist at
Toyon.
An organizational meeting of the
Sports Car Club will be held tonight
at 7:30 in Bowman Alumni House.
Officers will be elected. Car own
ership is not a requisite for those
who wish to join. Any interested
student may contact Tom Twist at
Toyon.
An organizational meeting of the
Sports Car Club will be held tonight
at 7:30 in Bowman Alumni House.
Officers will be elected. Car own
ership is not a requisite for those
who wish to join. Any interested
student may contact Tom Twist at
Toyon.
An organizational meeting of the
Sports Car Club will be held tonight
at 7:30 in Bowman Alumni House.
Officers will be elected. Car own
ership is not a requisite for those
who wish to join. Any interested
student may contact Tom Twist at
Toyon.
