# USE OF MATHEMATICS IN SCIENCE JORDAN'S TOPIC OF DISCUSSION
## 
### 
That mathematics may be used to
advantage in exact" sciences, but may
become a menace to the true under- j
standing of the biological sciences, j
was brought out by Dr. Jordan in his j
talk at his home last night.
According to Dr. Jordan, life rela
tions cannot be worked out by mathe
matics, since in multiplying organisms
it must be asurned they are alike, and
the differences in living things are
more important than the likenesses.
"Theoretical economics has failed in
its purpose," declared Dr. Jordan, "be
cause it assumes that all are
alike. Statistics about humanity are
not true unless they are unified, and
biology is a science of infinite varia
tion."
Modern science, said Dr. Jordan, is
getting medieval because it is trying
to think things out rather than work
them out. "There is a disposition," he
asserted, "to take a little knowledge
and spread it out. Medieval science is
not rooted on experiences and observa
tions that will always come out the
same."
Dr. Jordan will not speak next week,
as he expects to be in Los Angeles.
His subject for discussion January 22
will be "Education for Peace."
Freshman women at the University
of Colorado are obliged to wear dis
tinguishing badges between the hours
of 8 a.m. and 8 p.m.
