# Famous German Professor Visits Stanford Campus
## 
### 
A recent visitor to the Stanford
campus was Professor George O.
Curme, of Northwestern University,
and one of the greatest schofars in
the Germanistic: field, who visited
George T. Clark, director of the Uni
versity libraries, during the latter
days of the Christmas holidays. After
leaving Stanford, Professor Curme
went to the University of California
where Professor Bell entertained for
him.
Professor Curme. is the author of a
"Brief Grammar of the German
Language," a work which has attained
appreciation in European intellectual
circles. He is at present planning an
English grammar, in which he intends
to compare English and German gram
matical usages, along the same lines.
Premedical students at Konx Uni
versity have obtained permission from
the doctors at Galesburg to observe
unusual operations that the doctors
perform.
A recent visitor to the Stanford
campus was Professor George O.
Curme, of Northwestern University,
and one of the greatest schofars in
the Germanistic: field, who visited
George T. Clark, director of the Uni
versity libraries, during the latter
days of the Christmas holidays. After
leaving Stanford, Professor Curme
went to the University of California
where Professor Bell entertained for
him.
Professor Curme. is the author of a
"Brief Grammar of the German
Language," a work which has attained
appreciation in European intellectual
circles. He is at present planning an
English grammar, in which he intends
to compare English and German gram
matical usages, along the same lines.
Premedical students at Konx Uni
versity have obtained permission from
the doctors at Galesburg to observe
unusual operations that the doctors
perform.
A recent visitor to the Stanford
campus was Professor George O.
Curme, of Northwestern University,
and one of the greatest schofars in
the Germanistic: field, who visited
George T. Clark, director of the Uni
versity libraries, during the latter
days of the Christmas holidays. After
leaving Stanford, Professor Curme
went to the University of California
where Professor Bell entertained for
him.
Professor Curme. is the author of a
"Brief Grammar of the German
Language," a work which has attained
appreciation in European intellectual
circles. He is at present planning an
English grammar, in which he intends
to compare English and German gram
matical usages, along the same lines.
Premedical students at Konx Uni
versity have obtained permission from
the doctors at Galesburg to observe
unusual operations that the doctors
perform.
A recent visitor to the Stanford
campus was Professor George O.
Curme, of Northwestern University,
and one of the greatest schofars in
the Germanistic: field, who visited
George T. Clark, director of the Uni
versity libraries, during the latter
days of the Christmas holidays. After
leaving Stanford, Professor Curme
went to the University of California
where Professor Bell entertained for
him.
Professor Curme. is the author of a
"Brief Grammar of the German
Language," a work which has attained
appreciation in European intellectual
circles. He is at present planning an
English grammar, in which he intends
to compare English and German gram
matical usages, along the same lines.
Premedical students at Konx Uni
versity have obtained permission from
the doctors at Galesburg to observe
unusual operations that the doctors
perform.
A recent visitor to the Stanford
campus was Professor George O.
Curme, of Northwestern University,
and one of the greatest schofars in
the Germanistic: field, who visited
George T. Clark, director of the Uni
versity libraries, during the latter
days of the Christmas holidays. After
leaving Stanford, Professor Curme
went to the University of California
where Professor Bell entertained for
him.
Professor Curme. is the author of a
"Brief Grammar of the German
Language," a work which has attained
appreciation in European intellectual
circles. He is at present planning an
English grammar, in which he intends
to compare English and German gram
matical usages, along the same lines.
Premedical students at Konx Uni
versity have obtained permission from
the doctors at Galesburg to observe
unusual operations that the doctors
perform.
A recent visitor to the Stanford
campus was Professor George O.
Curme, of Northwestern University,
and one of the greatest schofars in
the Germanistic: field, who visited
George T. Clark, director of the Uni
versity libraries, during the latter
days of the Christmas holidays. After
leaving Stanford, Professor Curme
went to the University of California
where Professor Bell entertained for
him.
Professor Curme. is the author of a
"Brief Grammar of the German
Language," a work which has attained
appreciation in European intellectual
circles. He is at present planning an
English grammar, in which he intends
to compare English and German gram
matical usages, along the same lines.
Premedical students at Konx Uni
versity have obtained permission from
the doctors at Galesburg to observe
unusual operations that the doctors
perform.
A recent visitor to the Stanford
campus was Professor George O.
Curme, of Northwestern University,
and one of the greatest schofars in
the Germanistic: field, who visited
George T. Clark, director of the Uni
versity libraries, during the latter
days of the Christmas holidays. After
leaving Stanford, Professor Curme
went to the University of California
where Professor Bell entertained for
him.
Professor Curme. is the author of a
"Brief Grammar of the German
Language," a work which has attained
appreciation in European intellectual
circles. He is at present planning an
English grammar, in which he intends
to compare English and German gram
matical usages, along the same lines.
Premedical students at Konx Uni
versity have obtained permission from
the doctors at Galesburg to observe
unusual operations that the doctors
perform.
A recent visitor to the Stanford
campus was Professor George O.
Curme, of Northwestern University,
and one of the greatest schofars in
the Germanistic: field, who visited
George T. Clark, director of the Uni
versity libraries, during the latter
days of the Christmas holidays. After
leaving Stanford, Professor Curme
went to the University of California
where Professor Bell entertained for
him.
Professor Curme. is the author of a
"Brief Grammar of the German
Language," a work which has attained
appreciation in European intellectual
circles. He is at present planning an
English grammar, in which he intends
to compare English and German gram
matical usages, along the same lines.
Premedical students at Konx Uni
versity have obtained permission from
the doctors at Galesburg to observe
unusual operations that the doctors
perform.
A recent visitor to the Stanford
campus was Professor George O.
Curme, of Northwestern University,
and one of the greatest schofars in
the Germanistic: field, who visited
George T. Clark, director of the Uni
versity libraries, during the latter
days of the Christmas holidays. After
leaving Stanford, Professor Curme
went to the University of California
where Professor Bell entertained for
him.
Professor Curme. is the author of a
"Brief Grammar of the German
Language," a work which has attained
appreciation in European intellectual
circles. He is at present planning an
English grammar, in which he intends
to compare English and German gram
matical usages, along the same lines.
Premedical students at Konx Uni
versity have obtained permission from
the doctors at Galesburg to observe
unusual operations that the doctors
perform.
A recent visitor to the Stanford
campus was Professor George O.
Curme, of Northwestern University,
and one of the greatest schofars in
the Germanistic: field, who visited
George T. Clark, director of the Uni
versity libraries, during the latter
days of the Christmas holidays. After
leaving Stanford, Professor Curme
went to the University of California
where Professor Bell entertained for
him.
Professor Curme. is the author of a
"Brief Grammar of the German
Language," a work which has attained
appreciation in European intellectual
circles. He is at present planning an
English grammar, in which he intends
to compare English and German gram
matical usages, along the same lines.
Premedical students at Konx Uni
versity have obtained permission from
the doctors at Galesburg to observe
unusual operations that the doctors
perform.
A recent visitor to the Stanford
campus was Professor George O.
Curme, of Northwestern University,
and one of the greatest schofars in
the Germanistic: field, who visited
George T. Clark, director of the Uni
versity libraries, during the latter
days of the Christmas holidays. After
leaving Stanford, Professor Curme
went to the University of California
where Professor Bell entertained for
him.
Professor Curme. is the author of a
"Brief Grammar of the German
Language," a work which has attained
appreciation in European intellectual
circles. He is at present planning an
English grammar, in which he intends
to compare English and German gram
matical usages, along the same lines.
Premedical students at Konx Uni
versity have obtained permission from
the doctors at Galesburg to observe
unusual operations that the doctors
perform.
A recent visitor to the Stanford
campus was Professor George O.
Curme, of Northwestern University,
and one of the greatest schofars in
the Germanistic: field, who visited
George T. Clark, director of the Uni
versity libraries, during the latter
days of the Christmas holidays. After
leaving Stanford, Professor Curme
went to the University of California
where Professor Bell entertained for
him.
Professor Curme. is the author of a
"Brief Grammar of the German
Language," a work which has attained
appreciation in European intellectual
circles. He is at present planning an
English grammar, in which he intends
to compare English and German gram
matical usages, along the same lines.
Premedical students at Konx Uni
versity have obtained permission from
the doctors at Galesburg to observe
unusual operations that the doctors
perform.
A recent visitor to the Stanford
campus was Professor George O.
Curme, of Northwestern University,
and one of the greatest schofars in
the Germanistic: field, who visited
George T. Clark, director of the Uni
versity libraries, during the latter
days of the Christmas holidays. After
leaving Stanford, Professor Curme
went to the University of California
where Professor Bell entertained for
him.
Professor Curme. is the author of a
"Brief Grammar of the German
Language," a work which has attained
appreciation in European intellectual
circles. He is at present planning an
English grammar, in which he intends
to compare English and German gram
matical usages, along the same lines.
Premedical students at Konx Uni
versity have obtained permission from
the doctors at Galesburg to observe
unusual operations that the doctors
perform.
A recent visitor to the Stanford
campus was Professor George O.
Curme, of Northwestern University,
and one of the greatest schofars in
the Germanistic: field, who visited
George T. Clark, director of the Uni
versity libraries, during the latter
days of the Christmas holidays. After
leaving Stanford, Professor Curme
went to the University of California
where Professor Bell entertained for
him.
Professor Curme. is the author of a
"Brief Grammar of the German
Language," a work which has attained
appreciation in European intellectual
circles. He is at present planning an
English grammar, in which he intends
to compare English and German gram
matical usages, along the same lines.
Premedical students at Konx Uni
versity have obtained permission from
the doctors at Galesburg to observe
unusual operations that the doctors
perform.
A recent visitor to the Stanford
campus was Professor George O.
Curme, of Northwestern University,
and one of the greatest schofars in
the Germanistic: field, who visited
George T. Clark, director of the Uni
versity libraries, during the latter
days of the Christmas holidays. After
leaving Stanford, Professor Curme
went to the University of California
where Professor Bell entertained for
him.
Professor Curme. is the author of a
"Brief Grammar of the German
Language," a work which has attained
appreciation in European intellectual
circles. He is at present planning an
English grammar, in which he intends
to compare English and German gram
matical usages, along the same lines.
Premedical students at Konx Uni
versity have obtained permission from
the doctors at Galesburg to observe
unusual operations that the doctors
perform.
