# STOCKS IN SLOW DECLINE
## 
### 
NEW YORK, April 12 (/Pi—Stocks
pointed downward with most other
financial markets today, but the de
cline was leisurely and the average
loss fractional.
NEW YORK, April 12 (/Pi—Stocks
pointed downward with most other
financial markets today, but the de
cline was leisurely and the average
loss fractional.
NEW YORK, April 12 (/Pi—Stocks
pointed downward with most other
financial markets today, but the de
cline was leisurely and the average
loss fractional.
NEW YORK, April 12 (/Pi—Stocks
pointed downward with most other
financial markets today, but the de
cline was leisurely and the average
loss fractional.
NEW YORK, April 12 (/Pi—Stocks
pointed downward with most other
financial markets today, but the de
cline was leisurely and the average
loss fractional.
NEW YORK, April 12 (/Pi—Stocks
pointed downward with most other
financial markets today, but the de
cline was leisurely and the average
loss fractional.
NEW YORK, April 12 (/Pi—Stocks
pointed downward with most other
financial markets today, but the de
cline was leisurely and the average
loss fractional.
NEW YORK, April 12 (/Pi—Stocks
pointed downward with most other
financial markets today, but the de
cline was leisurely and the average
loss fractional.
NEW YORK, April 12 (/Pi—Stocks
pointed downward with most other
financial markets today, but the de
cline was leisurely and the average
loss fractional.
NEW YORK, April 12 (/Pi—Stocks
pointed downward with most other
financial markets today, but the de
cline was leisurely and the average
loss fractional.
NEW YORK, April 12 (/Pi—Stocks
pointed downward with most other
financial markets today, but the de
cline was leisurely and the average
loss fractional.
NEW YORK, April 12 (/Pi—Stocks
pointed downward with most other
financial markets today, but the de
cline was leisurely and the average
loss fractional.
NEW YORK, April 12 (/Pi—Stocks
pointed downward with most other
financial markets today, but the de
cline was leisurely and the average
loss fractional.
NEW YORK, April 12 (/Pi—Stocks
pointed downward with most other
financial markets today, but the de
cline was leisurely and the average
loss fractional.
