# Adv. 43 Page 12
## 
### 
EFFECTIVE
ADVERTISING
When you place a classified ad In the
Stanford Daily you will reach over 24,000
energetic and affluent customers a day The
Daily is the paper read most by the Stanford
students, staff, faculty, and community A
Daily Classified representative can help you
design your ad to achieve the most effective
results.
THINK ABOUT IT.
723-2556
EFFECTIVE
ADVERTISING
When you place a classified ad In the
Stanford Daily you will reach over 24,000
energetic and affluent customers a day The
Daily is the paper read most by the Stanford
students, staff, faculty, and community A
Daily Classified representative can help you
design your ad to achieve the most effective
results.
THINK ABOUT IT.
723-2556
EFFECTIVE
ADVERTISING
When you place a classified ad In the
Stanford Daily you will reach over 24,000
energetic and affluent customers a day The
Daily is the paper read most by the Stanford
students, staff, faculty, and community A
Daily Classified representative can help you
design your ad to achieve the most effective
results.
THINK ABOUT IT.
723-2556
EFFECTIVE
ADVERTISING
When you place a classified ad In the
Stanford Daily you will reach over 24,000
energetic and affluent customers a day The
Daily is the paper read most by the Stanford
students, staff, faculty, and community A
Daily Classified representative can help you
design your ad to achieve the most effective
results.
THINK ABOUT IT.
723-2556
EFFECTIVE
ADVERTISING
When you place a classified ad In the
Stanford Daily you will reach over 24,000
energetic and affluent customers a day The
Daily is the paper read most by the Stanford
students, staff, faculty, and community A
Daily Classified representative can help you
design your ad to achieve the most effective
results.
THINK ABOUT IT.
723-2556
EFFECTIVE
ADVERTISING
When you place a classified ad In the
Stanford Daily you will reach over 24,000
energetic and affluent customers a day The
Daily is the paper read most by the Stanford
students, staff, faculty, and community A
Daily Classified representative can help you
design your ad to achieve the most effective
results.
THINK ABOUT IT.
723-2556
EFFECTIVE
ADVERTISING
When you place a classified ad In the
Stanford Daily you will reach over 24,000
energetic and affluent customers a day The
Daily is the paper read most by the Stanford
students, staff, faculty, and community A
Daily Classified representative can help you
design your ad to achieve the most effective
results.
THINK ABOUT IT.
723-2556
EFFECTIVE
ADVERTISING
When you place a classified ad In the
Stanford Daily you will reach over 24,000
energetic and affluent customers a day The
Daily is the paper read most by the Stanford
students, staff, faculty, and community A
Daily Classified representative can help you
design your ad to achieve the most effective
results.
THINK ABOUT IT.
723-2556
