# Course Given For Couples
## 
### 
Two members of the Stanford
University Medical Center Psy
chiatry Department are planning
to conduct a course for students
who would like to explore prob
lems of couple interaction. The
course will be conducted as a
small group, limited to five cou
ples, which will meet weekly for
eight weeks at the Cowell Student
Health Center.
There will be two eight-week
sections, the first to begin on Feb
ruary 6. The groups will meet
from 11:15 a.m. to 12:45 p.m.
each Thursday. There will be no
fee, but one member of each cou
ple must be a registered Stanford
student.
Preferentially selected will be
couples who are planning marriage
in the near future and those who
have been married less than one
year.
Interested students should call
Dr. Warren Krick (Ext. 5151) or
Dr. Elizabeth Richards (Ext.
5422).
Two members of the Stanford
University Medical Center Psy
chiatry Department are planning
to conduct a course for students
who would like to explore prob
lems of couple interaction. The
course will be conducted as a
small group, limited to five cou
ples, which will meet weekly for
eight weeks at the Cowell Student
Health Center.
There will be two eight-week
sections, the first to begin on Feb
ruary 6. The groups will meet
from 11:15 a.m. to 12:45 p.m.
each Thursday. There will be no
fee, but one member of each cou
ple must be a registered Stanford
student.
Preferentially selected will be
couples who are planning marriage
in the near future and those who
have been married less than one
year.
Interested students should call
Dr. Warren Krick (Ext. 5151) or
Dr. Elizabeth Richards (Ext.
5422).
Two members of the Stanford
University Medical Center Psy
chiatry Department are planning
to conduct a course for students
who would like to explore prob
lems of couple interaction. The
course will be conducted as a
small group, limited to five cou
ples, which will meet weekly for
eight weeks at the Cowell Student
Health Center.
There will be two eight-week
sections, the first to begin on Feb
ruary 6. The groups will meet
from 11:15 a.m. to 12:45 p.m.
each Thursday. There will be no
fee, but one member of each cou
ple must be a registered Stanford
student.
Preferentially selected will be
couples who are planning marriage
in the near future and those who
have been married less than one
year.
Interested students should call
Dr. Warren Krick (Ext. 5151) or
Dr. Elizabeth Richards (Ext.
5422).
Two members of the Stanford
University Medical Center Psy
chiatry Department are planning
to conduct a course for students
who would like to explore prob
lems of couple interaction. The
course will be conducted as a
small group, limited to five cou
ples, which will meet weekly for
eight weeks at the Cowell Student
Health Center.
There will be two eight-week
sections, the first to begin on Feb
ruary 6. The groups will meet
from 11:15 a.m. to 12:45 p.m.
each Thursday. There will be no
fee, but one member of each cou
ple must be a registered Stanford
student.
Preferentially selected will be
couples who are planning marriage
in the near future and those who
have been married less than one
year.
Interested students should call
Dr. Warren Krick (Ext. 5151) or
Dr. Elizabeth Richards (Ext.
5422).
Two members of the Stanford
University Medical Center Psy
chiatry Department are planning
to conduct a course for students
who would like to explore prob
lems of couple interaction. The
course will be conducted as a
small group, limited to five cou
ples, which will meet weekly for
eight weeks at the Cowell Student
Health Center.
There will be two eight-week
sections, the first to begin on Feb
ruary 6. The groups will meet
from 11:15 a.m. to 12:45 p.m.
each Thursday. There will be no
fee, but one member of each cou
ple must be a registered Stanford
student.
Preferentially selected will be
couples who are planning marriage
in the near future and those who
have been married less than one
year.
Interested students should call
Dr. Warren Krick (Ext. 5151) or
Dr. Elizabeth Richards (Ext.
5422).
Two members of the Stanford
University Medical Center Psy
chiatry Department are planning
to conduct a course for students
who would like to explore prob
lems of couple interaction. The
course will be conducted as a
small group, limited to five cou
ples, which will meet weekly for
eight weeks at the Cowell Student
Health Center.
There will be two eight-week
sections, the first to begin on Feb
ruary 6. The groups will meet
from 11:15 a.m. to 12:45 p.m.
each Thursday. There will be no
fee, but one member of each cou
ple must be a registered Stanford
student.
Preferentially selected will be
couples who are planning marriage
in the near future and those who
have been married less than one
year.
Interested students should call
Dr. Warren Krick (Ext. 5151) or
Dr. Elizabeth Richards (Ext.
5422).
Two members of the Stanford
University Medical Center Psy
chiatry Department are planning
to conduct a course for students
who would like to explore prob
lems of couple interaction. The
course will be conducted as a
small group, limited to five cou
ples, which will meet weekly for
eight weeks at the Cowell Student
Health Center.
There will be two eight-week
sections, the first to begin on Feb
ruary 6. The groups will meet
from 11:15 a.m. to 12:45 p.m.
each Thursday. There will be no
fee, but one member of each cou
ple must be a registered Stanford
student.
Preferentially selected will be
couples who are planning marriage
in the near future and those who
have been married less than one
year.
Interested students should call
Dr. Warren Krick (Ext. 5151) or
Dr. Elizabeth Richards (Ext.
5422).
Two members of the Stanford
University Medical Center Psy
chiatry Department are planning
to conduct a course for students
who would like to explore prob
lems of couple interaction. The
course will be conducted as a
small group, limited to five cou
ples, which will meet weekly for
eight weeks at the Cowell Student
Health Center.
There will be two eight-week
sections, the first to begin on Feb
ruary 6. The groups will meet
from 11:15 a.m. to 12:45 p.m.
each Thursday. There will be no
fee, but one member of each cou
ple must be a registered Stanford
student.
Preferentially selected will be
couples who are planning marriage
in the near future and those who
have been married less than one
year.
Interested students should call
Dr. Warren Krick (Ext. 5151) or
Dr. Elizabeth Richards (Ext.
5422).
Two members of the Stanford
University Medical Center Psy
chiatry Department are planning
to conduct a course for students
who would like to explore prob
lems of couple interaction. The
course will be conducted as a
small group, limited to five cou
ples, which will meet weekly for
eight weeks at the Cowell Student
Health Center.
There will be two eight-week
sections, the first to begin on Feb
ruary 6. The groups will meet
from 11:15 a.m. to 12:45 p.m.
each Thursday. There will be no
fee, but one member of each cou
ple must be a registered Stanford
student.
Preferentially selected will be
couples who are planning marriage
in the near future and those who
have been married less than one
year.
Interested students should call
Dr. Warren Krick (Ext. 5151) or
Dr. Elizabeth Richards (Ext.
5422).
Two members of the Stanford
University Medical Center Psy
chiatry Department are planning
to conduct a course for students
who would like to explore prob
lems of couple interaction. The
course will be conducted as a
small group, limited to five cou
ples, which will meet weekly for
eight weeks at the Cowell Student
Health Center.
There will be two eight-week
sections, the first to begin on Feb
ruary 6. The groups will meet
from 11:15 a.m. to 12:45 p.m.
each Thursday. There will be no
fee, but one member of each cou
ple must be a registered Stanford
student.
Preferentially selected will be
couples who are planning marriage
in the near future and those who
have been married less than one
year.
Interested students should call
Dr. Warren Krick (Ext. 5151) or
Dr. Elizabeth Richards (Ext.
5422).
Two members of the Stanford
University Medical Center Psy
chiatry Department are planning
to conduct a course for students
who would like to explore prob
lems of couple interaction. The
course will be conducted as a
small group, limited to five cou
ples, which will meet weekly for
eight weeks at the Cowell Student
Health Center.
There will be two eight-week
sections, the first to begin on Feb
ruary 6. The groups will meet
from 11:15 a.m. to 12:45 p.m.
each Thursday. There will be no
fee, but one member of each cou
ple must be a registered Stanford
student.
Preferentially selected will be
couples who are planning marriage
in the near future and those who
have been married less than one
year.
Interested students should call
Dr. Warren Krick (Ext. 5151) or
Dr. Elizabeth Richards (Ext.
5422).
Two members of the Stanford
University Medical Center Psy
chiatry Department are planning
to conduct a course for students
who would like to explore prob
lems of couple interaction. The
course will be conducted as a
small group, limited to five cou
ples, which will meet weekly for
eight weeks at the Cowell Student
Health Center.
There will be two eight-week
sections, the first to begin on Feb
ruary 6. The groups will meet
from 11:15 a.m. to 12:45 p.m.
each Thursday. There will be no
fee, but one member of each cou
ple must be a registered Stanford
student.
Preferentially selected will be
couples who are planning marriage
in the near future and those who
have been married less than one
year.
Interested students should call
Dr. Warren Krick (Ext. 5151) or
Dr. Elizabeth Richards (Ext.
5422).
Two members of the Stanford
University Medical Center Psy
chiatry Department are planning
to conduct a course for students
who would like to explore prob
lems of couple interaction. The
course will be conducted as a
small group, limited to five cou
ples, which will meet weekly for
eight weeks at the Cowell Student
Health Center.
There will be two eight-week
sections, the first to begin on Feb
ruary 6. The groups will meet
from 11:15 a.m. to 12:45 p.m.
each Thursday. There will be no
fee, but one member of each cou
ple must be a registered Stanford
student.
Preferentially selected will be
couples who are planning marriage
in the near future and those who
have been married less than one
year.
Interested students should call
Dr. Warren Krick (Ext. 5151) or
Dr. Elizabeth Richards (Ext.
5422).
Two members of the Stanford
University Medical Center Psy
chiatry Department are planning
to conduct a course for students
who would like to explore prob
lems of couple interaction. The
course will be conducted as a
small group, limited to five cou
ples, which will meet weekly for
eight weeks at the Cowell Student
Health Center.
There will be two eight-week
sections, the first to begin on Feb
ruary 6. The groups will meet
from 11:15 a.m. to 12:45 p.m.
each Thursday. There will be no
fee, but one member of each cou
ple must be a registered Stanford
student.
Preferentially selected will be
couples who are planning marriage
in the near future and those who
have been married less than one
year.
Interested students should call
Dr. Warren Krick (Ext. 5151) or
Dr. Elizabeth Richards (Ext.
5422).
