# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The poinsettia, or Christmas eve
flower, grows wild in Mexico, and
scarcely a garden is without it.
The poinsettia, or Christmas eve
flower, grows wild in Mexico, and
scarcely a garden is without it.
The poinsettia, or Christmas eve
flower, grows wild in Mexico, and
scarcely a garden is without it.
The poinsettia, or Christmas eve
flower, grows wild in Mexico, and
scarcely a garden is without it.
The poinsettia, or Christmas eve
flower, grows wild in Mexico, and
scarcely a garden is without it.
The poinsettia, or Christmas eve
flower, grows wild in Mexico, and
scarcely a garden is without it.
The poinsettia, or Christmas eve
flower, grows wild in Mexico, and
scarcely a garden is without it.
The poinsettia, or Christmas eve
flower, grows wild in Mexico, and
scarcely a garden is without it.
The poinsettia, or Christmas eve
flower, grows wild in Mexico, and
scarcely a garden is without it.
The poinsettia, or Christmas eve
flower, grows wild in Mexico, and
scarcely a garden is without it.
The poinsettia, or Christmas eve
flower, grows wild in Mexico, and
scarcely a garden is without it.
The poinsettia, or Christmas eve
flower, grows wild in Mexico, and
scarcely a garden is without it.
The poinsettia, or Christmas eve
flower, grows wild in Mexico, and
scarcely a garden is without it.
The poinsettia, or Christmas eve
flower, grows wild in Mexico, and
scarcely a garden is without it.
The poinsettia, or Christmas eve
flower, grows wild in Mexico, and
scarcely a garden is without it.
