# Summer intramurals
## 
### 
Signup sheets are outside the IM office (Encina Gym) for
both league and elimination round sports. Tentatively set
for the six-week IM season which begins June 27 are
basketball, Softball, volleyball, handball and squash. More
information is available in the IM director's office (Encina
Gym).
Signup sheets are outside the IM office (Encina Gym) for
both league and elimination round sports. Tentatively set
for the six-week IM season which begins June 27 are
basketball, Softball, volleyball, handball and squash. More
information is available in the IM director's office (Encina
Gym).
Signup sheets are outside the IM office (Encina Gym) for
both league and elimination round sports. Tentatively set
for the six-week IM season which begins June 27 are
basketball, Softball, volleyball, handball and squash. More
information is available in the IM director's office (Encina
Gym).
Signup sheets are outside the IM office (Encina Gym) for
both league and elimination round sports. Tentatively set
for the six-week IM season which begins June 27 are
basketball, Softball, volleyball, handball and squash. More
information is available in the IM director's office (Encina
Gym).
Signup sheets are outside the IM office (Encina Gym) for
both league and elimination round sports. Tentatively set
for the six-week IM season which begins June 27 are
basketball, Softball, volleyball, handball and squash. More
information is available in the IM director's office (Encina
Gym).
Signup sheets are outside the IM office (Encina Gym) for
both league and elimination round sports. Tentatively set
for the six-week IM season which begins June 27 are
basketball, Softball, volleyball, handball and squash. More
information is available in the IM director's office (Encina
Gym).
Signup sheets are outside the IM office (Encina Gym) for
both league and elimination round sports. Tentatively set
for the six-week IM season which begins June 27 are
basketball, Softball, volleyball, handball and squash. More
information is available in the IM director's office (Encina
Gym).
Signup sheets are outside the IM office (Encina Gym) for
both league and elimination round sports. Tentatively set
for the six-week IM season which begins June 27 are
basketball, Softball, volleyball, handball and squash. More
information is available in the IM director's office (Encina
Gym).
Signup sheets are outside the IM office (Encina Gym) for
both league and elimination round sports. Tentatively set
for the six-week IM season which begins June 27 are
basketball, Softball, volleyball, handball and squash. More
information is available in the IM director's office (Encina
Gym).
Signup sheets are outside the IM office (Encina Gym) for
both league and elimination round sports. Tentatively set
for the six-week IM season which begins June 27 are
basketball, Softball, volleyball, handball and squash. More
information is available in the IM director's office (Encina
Gym).
Signup sheets are outside the IM office (Encina Gym) for
both league and elimination round sports. Tentatively set
for the six-week IM season which begins June 27 are
basketball, Softball, volleyball, handball and squash. More
information is available in the IM director's office (Encina
Gym).
Signup sheets are outside the IM office (Encina Gym) for
both league and elimination round sports. Tentatively set
for the six-week IM season which begins June 27 are
basketball, Softball, volleyball, handball and squash. More
information is available in the IM director's office (Encina
Gym).
Signup sheets are outside the IM office (Encina Gym) for
both league and elimination round sports. Tentatively set
for the six-week IM season which begins June 27 are
basketball, Softball, volleyball, handball and squash. More
information is available in the IM director's office (Encina
Gym).
