# This is home?
## 
### 
Sunday saw students streaming onto
campus, frantically unloading vans and
station wagons in an effort to get
moved in before the quarter started.
One arrivee chose to sit down and take
a break. (Daily photo by Bruce
Charonnat.)

Sunday saw students streaming onto
campus, frantically unloading vans and
station wagons in an effort to get
moved in before the quarter started.
One arrivee chose to sit down and take
a break. (Daily photo by Bruce
Charonnat.)

Sunday saw students streaming onto
campus, frantically unloading vans and
station wagons in an effort to get
moved in before the quarter started.
One arrivee chose to sit down and take
a break. (Daily photo by Bruce
Charonnat.)

Sunday saw students streaming onto
campus, frantically unloading vans and
station wagons in an effort to get
moved in before the quarter started.
One arrivee chose to sit down and take
a break. (Daily photo by Bruce
Charonnat.)

Sunday saw students streaming onto
campus, frantically unloading vans and
station wagons in an effort to get
moved in before the quarter started.
One arrivee chose to sit down and take
a break. (Daily photo by Bruce
Charonnat.)

Sunday saw students streaming onto
campus, frantically unloading vans and
station wagons in an effort to get
moved in before the quarter started.
One arrivee chose to sit down and take
a break. (Daily photo by Bruce
Charonnat.)

Sunday saw students streaming onto
campus, frantically unloading vans and
station wagons in an effort to get
moved in before the quarter started.
One arrivee chose to sit down and take
a break. (Daily photo by Bruce
Charonnat.)

Sunday saw students streaming onto
campus, frantically unloading vans and
station wagons in an effort to get
moved in before the quarter started.
One arrivee chose to sit down and take
a break. (Daily photo by Bruce
Charonnat.)

Sunday saw students streaming onto
campus, frantically unloading vans and
station wagons in an effort to get
moved in before the quarter started.
One arrivee chose to sit down and take
a break. (Daily photo by Bruce
Charonnat.)

Sunday saw students streaming onto
campus, frantically unloading vans and
station wagons in an effort to get
moved in before the quarter started.
One arrivee chose to sit down and take
a break. (Daily photo by Bruce
Charonnat.)

Sunday saw students streaming onto
campus, frantically unloading vans and
station wagons in an effort to get
moved in before the quarter started.
One arrivee chose to sit down and take
a break. (Daily photo by Bruce
Charonnat.)

Sunday saw students streaming onto
campus, frantically unloading vans and
station wagons in an effort to get
moved in before the quarter started.
One arrivee chose to sit down and take
a break. (Daily photo by Bruce
Charonnat.)

Sunday saw students streaming onto
campus, frantically unloading vans and
station wagons in an effort to get
moved in before the quarter started.
One arrivee chose to sit down and take
a break. (Daily photo by Bruce
Charonnat.)

