# Professor Proctor Will Talk at Post Meeting
## 
### 
"Vocational Training for cx-Servicc
Men" will he the subject of a talk by
Professor William M. Proctof, wlio has
just returned from Washington, D. C.,
at a meeting of Fremont Post of the
American Legion which will he held at
the Community House in Palo Alto next
Wednesday evening. Members and all
other ex-servicc men have been invited
by the post. The evening will include a
musical program and refreshments.
"Vocational Training for cx-Servicc
Men" will he the subject of a talk by
Professor William M. Proctof, wlio has
just returned from Washington, D. C.,
at a meeting of Fremont Post of the
American Legion which will he held at
the Community House in Palo Alto next
Wednesday evening. Members and all
other ex-servicc men have been invited
by the post. The evening will include a
musical program and refreshments.
"Vocational Training for cx-Servicc
Men" will he the subject of a talk by
Professor William M. Proctof, wlio has
just returned from Washington, D. C.,
at a meeting of Fremont Post of the
American Legion which will he held at
the Community House in Palo Alto next
Wednesday evening. Members and all
other ex-servicc men have been invited
by the post. The evening will include a
musical program and refreshments.
"Vocational Training for cx-Servicc
Men" will he the subject of a talk by
Professor William M. Proctof, wlio has
just returned from Washington, D. C.,
at a meeting of Fremont Post of the
American Legion which will he held at
the Community House in Palo Alto next
Wednesday evening. Members and all
other ex-servicc men have been invited
by the post. The evening will include a
musical program and refreshments.
"Vocational Training for cx-Servicc
Men" will he the subject of a talk by
Professor William M. Proctof, wlio has
just returned from Washington, D. C.,
at a meeting of Fremont Post of the
American Legion which will he held at
the Community House in Palo Alto next
Wednesday evening. Members and all
other ex-servicc men have been invited
by the post. The evening will include a
musical program and refreshments.
"Vocational Training for cx-Servicc
Men" will he the subject of a talk by
Professor William M. Proctof, wlio has
just returned from Washington, D. C.,
at a meeting of Fremont Post of the
American Legion which will he held at
the Community House in Palo Alto next
Wednesday evening. Members and all
other ex-servicc men have been invited
by the post. The evening will include a
musical program and refreshments.
"Vocational Training for cx-Servicc
Men" will he the subject of a talk by
Professor William M. Proctof, wlio has
just returned from Washington, D. C.,
at a meeting of Fremont Post of the
American Legion which will he held at
the Community House in Palo Alto next
Wednesday evening. Members and all
other ex-servicc men have been invited
by the post. The evening will include a
musical program and refreshments.
"Vocational Training for cx-Servicc
Men" will he the subject of a talk by
Professor William M. Proctof, wlio has
just returned from Washington, D. C.,
at a meeting of Fremont Post of the
American Legion which will he held at
the Community House in Palo Alto next
Wednesday evening. Members and all
other ex-servicc men have been invited
by the post. The evening will include a
musical program and refreshments.
"Vocational Training for cx-Servicc
Men" will he the subject of a talk by
Professor William M. Proctof, wlio has
just returned from Washington, D. C.,
at a meeting of Fremont Post of the
American Legion which will he held at
the Community House in Palo Alto next
Wednesday evening. Members and all
other ex-servicc men have been invited
by the post. The evening will include a
musical program and refreshments.
"Vocational Training for cx-Servicc
Men" will he the subject of a talk by
Professor William M. Proctof, wlio has
just returned from Washington, D. C.,
at a meeting of Fremont Post of the
American Legion which will he held at
the Community House in Palo Alto next
Wednesday evening. Members and all
other ex-servicc men have been invited
by the post. The evening will include a
musical program and refreshments.
"Vocational Training for cx-Servicc
Men" will he the subject of a talk by
Professor William M. Proctof, wlio has
just returned from Washington, D. C.,
at a meeting of Fremont Post of the
American Legion which will he held at
the Community House in Palo Alto next
Wednesday evening. Members and all
other ex-servicc men have been invited
by the post. The evening will include a
musical program and refreshments.
"Vocational Training for cx-Servicc
Men" will he the subject of a talk by
Professor William M. Proctof, wlio has
just returned from Washington, D. C.,
at a meeting of Fremont Post of the
American Legion which will he held at
the Community House in Palo Alto next
Wednesday evening. Members and all
other ex-servicc men have been invited
by the post. The evening will include a
musical program and refreshments.
"Vocational Training for cx-Servicc
Men" will he the subject of a talk by
Professor William M. Proctof, wlio has
just returned from Washington, D. C.,
at a meeting of Fremont Post of the
American Legion which will he held at
the Community House in Palo Alto next
Wednesday evening. Members and all
other ex-servicc men have been invited
by the post. The evening will include a
musical program and refreshments.
