# Adv. 17 Page 4
## 
### 
3 WIMTOMOT
MEMO FROM
MR. RALPH WALLACE
of New York Lite Insurance
How to plan
a post-graduate
SECURITY
PROGRAM!
Making big plans for the
years ahead? Then it's a
good idea to remember that
basic financial security
should be part and parcel of
those plans.
There's no better time than
right now—while you're still
young and can take advan
tage of lower premium rates
— to set up your lifetime
security program through
life insurance. New York
Life's new Whole Life policy
gives your present (or fu
ture) dependents a minimum
of $10,000 protection. It
builds high cash values
steadily. It can provide you
with a monthly income
when you retire. Yet the
premiums are in line with
modest budgets. Why not get
the facts and think it over?
Ralph C. Wallacc, C.L.U.
Stanford *30, M.B.A. *32
2615 Cowpcr St., Palo Alto
DA 2-3067
Campus Representative
New York Life
Insurance Company
