# Job Interview Signups
## 
### 
American Student In formation
Service: Interviews with Stan
Morris at lIR Office or telephone
DA 2-2396 for work in Europe this
summer. Cost of placement by
■service is $329 including round
trip airfare.
10. 1. du Pont Dc Nemours «V
Company: Interviews Feb. 8-9 for
openings in Research and Do
velopment. Ph.D. and background
in Chemistry or any phase of en
gineering or physics, metallurgy,
or applied math and statistics re
quired.
Humble Oil and Refining Com
pany: Interviews Feb. 4 Lor men,
undergraduate and graduate. En
gineering science backgrounds de
sired.
Pacific Finance Corporation:
Interviews today, tomorrow for
March and June graduates in
terested in the consumer credit
field.
