# QUAD SALE TODAY
## 
### 
In front of the Post Office Quad
salesgirls will take orders for the
1936 yearbook from 8 to 12:10 o'clock
this morning.
In front of the Post Office Quad
salesgirls will take orders for the
1936 yearbook from 8 to 12:10 o'clock
this morning.
In front of the Post Office Quad
salesgirls will take orders for the
1936 yearbook from 8 to 12:10 o'clock
this morning.
In front of the Post Office Quad
salesgirls will take orders for the
1936 yearbook from 8 to 12:10 o'clock
this morning.
In front of the Post Office Quad
salesgirls will take orders for the
1936 yearbook from 8 to 12:10 o'clock
this morning.
In front of the Post Office Quad
salesgirls will take orders for the
1936 yearbook from 8 to 12:10 o'clock
this morning.
In front of the Post Office Quad
salesgirls will take orders for the
1936 yearbook from 8 to 12:10 o'clock
this morning.
In front of the Post Office Quad
salesgirls will take orders for the
1936 yearbook from 8 to 12:10 o'clock
this morning.
In front of the Post Office Quad
salesgirls will take orders for the
1936 yearbook from 8 to 12:10 o'clock
this morning.
In front of the Post Office Quad
salesgirls will take orders for the
1936 yearbook from 8 to 12:10 o'clock
this morning.
In front of the Post Office Quad
salesgirls will take orders for the
1936 yearbook from 8 to 12:10 o'clock
this morning.
In front of the Post Office Quad
salesgirls will take orders for the
1936 yearbook from 8 to 12:10 o'clock
this morning.
In front of the Post Office Quad
salesgirls will take orders for the
1936 yearbook from 8 to 12:10 o'clock
this morning.
In front of the Post Office Quad
salesgirls will take orders for the
1936 yearbook from 8 to 12:10 o'clock
this morning.
In front of the Post Office Quad
salesgirls will take orders for the
1936 yearbook from 8 to 12:10 o'clock
this morning.
