# Hallowe'en Motif, Cider To Feature Jolly-Up Tonight
## 
### 
Grinning Hallowe'en pumpkins in
the court, colored lights illuminat
ing the floor, unique favors, free
apple cider, and Frank Brown's 12-
piece orchestra will be featured at
tonight's junior jolly-up, to be held
from 7 to 8 o'clock in the Women's
Gym.
Although the affair is sponsored
by the Class of '37, under the presi
dency of Jim Reynolds, all students
are welcome. This jolly-up will
carry out the no-date tradition, but
another Stanford custom, that of
holding jolly-ups without refresh
ments, will be broken when cider is
served.
Brown's orchestra, except for the
leader, is the same as Eddie Stirm's
of last year. Arrangements for the
affair have been made by a com
mittee of juniors, including Chair
man Esther Pelton, Ruth Neuport,
Reynolds, Bill Quade, and Roger
Kimball.
Grinning Hallowe'en pumpkins in
the court, colored lights illuminat
ing the floor, unique favors, free
apple cider, and Frank Brown's 12-
piece orchestra will be featured at
tonight's junior jolly-up, to be held
from 7 to 8 o'clock in the Women's
Gym.
Although the affair is sponsored
by the Class of '37, under the presi
dency of Jim Reynolds, all students
are welcome. This jolly-up will
carry out the no-date tradition, but
another Stanford custom, that of
holding jolly-ups without refresh
ments, will be broken when cider is
served.
Brown's orchestra, except for the
leader, is the same as Eddie Stirm's
of last year. Arrangements for the
affair have been made by a com
mittee of juniors, including Chair
man Esther Pelton, Ruth Neuport,
Reynolds, Bill Quade, and Roger
Kimball.
Grinning Hallowe'en pumpkins in
the court, colored lights illuminat
ing the floor, unique favors, free
apple cider, and Frank Brown's 12-
piece orchestra will be featured at
tonight's junior jolly-up, to be held
from 7 to 8 o'clock in the Women's
Gym.
Although the affair is sponsored
by the Class of '37, under the presi
dency of Jim Reynolds, all students
are welcome. This jolly-up will
carry out the no-date tradition, but
another Stanford custom, that of
holding jolly-ups without refresh
ments, will be broken when cider is
served.
Brown's orchestra, except for the
leader, is the same as Eddie Stirm's
of last year. Arrangements for the
affair have been made by a com
mittee of juniors, including Chair
man Esther Pelton, Ruth Neuport,
Reynolds, Bill Quade, and Roger
Kimball.
Grinning Hallowe'en pumpkins in
the court, colored lights illuminat
ing the floor, unique favors, free
apple cider, and Frank Brown's 12-
piece orchestra will be featured at
tonight's junior jolly-up, to be held
from 7 to 8 o'clock in the Women's
Gym.
Although the affair is sponsored
by the Class of '37, under the presi
dency of Jim Reynolds, all students
are welcome. This jolly-up will
carry out the no-date tradition, but
another Stanford custom, that of
holding jolly-ups without refresh
ments, will be broken when cider is
served.
Brown's orchestra, except for the
leader, is the same as Eddie Stirm's
of last year. Arrangements for the
affair have been made by a com
mittee of juniors, including Chair
man Esther Pelton, Ruth Neuport,
Reynolds, Bill Quade, and Roger
Kimball.
Grinning Hallowe'en pumpkins in
the court, colored lights illuminat
ing the floor, unique favors, free
apple cider, and Frank Brown's 12-
piece orchestra will be featured at
tonight's junior jolly-up, to be held
from 7 to 8 o'clock in the Women's
Gym.
Although the affair is sponsored
by the Class of '37, under the presi
dency of Jim Reynolds, all students
are welcome. This jolly-up will
carry out the no-date tradition, but
another Stanford custom, that of
holding jolly-ups without refresh
ments, will be broken when cider is
served.
Brown's orchestra, except for the
leader, is the same as Eddie Stirm's
of last year. Arrangements for the
affair have been made by a com
mittee of juniors, including Chair
man Esther Pelton, Ruth Neuport,
Reynolds, Bill Quade, and Roger
Kimball.
Grinning Hallowe'en pumpkins in
the court, colored lights illuminat
ing the floor, unique favors, free
apple cider, and Frank Brown's 12-
piece orchestra will be featured at
tonight's junior jolly-up, to be held
from 7 to 8 o'clock in the Women's
Gym.
Although the affair is sponsored
by the Class of '37, under the presi
dency of Jim Reynolds, all students
are welcome. This jolly-up will
carry out the no-date tradition, but
another Stanford custom, that of
holding jolly-ups without refresh
ments, will be broken when cider is
served.
Brown's orchestra, except for the
leader, is the same as Eddie Stirm's
of last year. Arrangements for the
affair have been made by a com
mittee of juniors, including Chair
man Esther Pelton, Ruth Neuport,
Reynolds, Bill Quade, and Roger
Kimball.
Grinning Hallowe'en pumpkins in
the court, colored lights illuminat
ing the floor, unique favors, free
apple cider, and Frank Brown's 12-
piece orchestra will be featured at
tonight's junior jolly-up, to be held
from 7 to 8 o'clock in the Women's
Gym.
Although the affair is sponsored
by the Class of '37, under the presi
dency of Jim Reynolds, all students
are welcome. This jolly-up will
carry out the no-date tradition, but
another Stanford custom, that of
holding jolly-ups without refresh
ments, will be broken when cider is
served.
Brown's orchestra, except for the
leader, is the same as Eddie Stirm's
of last year. Arrangements for the
affair have been made by a com
mittee of juniors, including Chair
man Esther Pelton, Ruth Neuport,
Reynolds, Bill Quade, and Roger
Kimball.
Grinning Hallowe'en pumpkins in
the court, colored lights illuminat
ing the floor, unique favors, free
apple cider, and Frank Brown's 12-
piece orchestra will be featured at
tonight's junior jolly-up, to be held
from 7 to 8 o'clock in the Women's
Gym.
Although the affair is sponsored
by the Class of '37, under the presi
dency of Jim Reynolds, all students
are welcome. This jolly-up will
carry out the no-date tradition, but
another Stanford custom, that of
holding jolly-ups without refresh
ments, will be broken when cider is
served.
Brown's orchestra, except for the
leader, is the same as Eddie Stirm's
of last year. Arrangements for the
affair have been made by a com
mittee of juniors, including Chair
man Esther Pelton, Ruth Neuport,
Reynolds, Bill Quade, and Roger
Kimball.
Grinning Hallowe'en pumpkins in
the court, colored lights illuminat
ing the floor, unique favors, free
apple cider, and Frank Brown's 12-
piece orchestra will be featured at
tonight's junior jolly-up, to be held
from 7 to 8 o'clock in the Women's
Gym.
Although the affair is sponsored
by the Class of '37, under the presi
dency of Jim Reynolds, all students
are welcome. This jolly-up will
carry out the no-date tradition, but
another Stanford custom, that of
holding jolly-ups without refresh
ments, will be broken when cider is
served.
Brown's orchestra, except for the
leader, is the same as Eddie Stirm's
of last year. Arrangements for the
affair have been made by a com
mittee of juniors, including Chair
man Esther Pelton, Ruth Neuport,
Reynolds, Bill Quade, and Roger
Kimball.
Grinning Hallowe'en pumpkins in
the court, colored lights illuminat
ing the floor, unique favors, free
apple cider, and Frank Brown's 12-
piece orchestra will be featured at
tonight's junior jolly-up, to be held
from 7 to 8 o'clock in the Women's
Gym.
Although the affair is sponsored
by the Class of '37, under the presi
dency of Jim Reynolds, all students
are welcome. This jolly-up will
carry out the no-date tradition, but
another Stanford custom, that of
holding jolly-ups without refresh
ments, will be broken when cider is
served.
Brown's orchestra, except for the
leader, is the same as Eddie Stirm's
of last year. Arrangements for the
affair have been made by a com
mittee of juniors, including Chair
man Esther Pelton, Ruth Neuport,
Reynolds, Bill Quade, and Roger
Kimball.
Grinning Hallowe'en pumpkins in
the court, colored lights illuminat
ing the floor, unique favors, free
apple cider, and Frank Brown's 12-
piece orchestra will be featured at
tonight's junior jolly-up, to be held
from 7 to 8 o'clock in the Women's
Gym.
Although the affair is sponsored
by the Class of '37, under the presi
dency of Jim Reynolds, all students
are welcome. This jolly-up will
carry out the no-date tradition, but
another Stanford custom, that of
holding jolly-ups without refresh
ments, will be broken when cider is
served.
Brown's orchestra, except for the
leader, is the same as Eddie Stirm's
of last year. Arrangements for the
affair have been made by a com
mittee of juniors, including Chair
man Esther Pelton, Ruth Neuport,
Reynolds, Bill Quade, and Roger
Kimball.
Grinning Hallowe'en pumpkins in
the court, colored lights illuminat
ing the floor, unique favors, free
apple cider, and Frank Brown's 12-
piece orchestra will be featured at
tonight's junior jolly-up, to be held
from 7 to 8 o'clock in the Women's
Gym.
Although the affair is sponsored
by the Class of '37, under the presi
dency of Jim Reynolds, all students
are welcome. This jolly-up will
carry out the no-date tradition, but
another Stanford custom, that of
holding jolly-ups without refresh
ments, will be broken when cider is
served.
Brown's orchestra, except for the
leader, is the same as Eddie Stirm's
of last year. Arrangements for the
affair have been made by a com
mittee of juniors, including Chair
man Esther Pelton, Ruth Neuport,
Reynolds, Bill Quade, and Roger
Kimball.
Grinning Hallowe'en pumpkins in
the court, colored lights illuminat
ing the floor, unique favors, free
apple cider, and Frank Brown's 12-
piece orchestra will be featured at
tonight's junior jolly-up, to be held
from 7 to 8 o'clock in the Women's
Gym.
Although the affair is sponsored
by the Class of '37, under the presi
dency of Jim Reynolds, all students
are welcome. This jolly-up will
carry out the no-date tradition, but
another Stanford custom, that of
holding jolly-ups without refresh
ments, will be broken when cider is
served.
Brown's orchestra, except for the
leader, is the same as Eddie Stirm's
of last year. Arrangements for the
affair have been made by a com
mittee of juniors, including Chair
man Esther Pelton, Ruth Neuport,
Reynolds, Bill Quade, and Roger
Kimball.
Grinning Hallowe'en pumpkins in
the court, colored lights illuminat
ing the floor, unique favors, free
apple cider, and Frank Brown's 12-
piece orchestra will be featured at
tonight's junior jolly-up, to be held
from 7 to 8 o'clock in the Women's
Gym.
Although the affair is sponsored
by the Class of '37, under the presi
dency of Jim Reynolds, all students
are welcome. This jolly-up will
carry out the no-date tradition, but
another Stanford custom, that of
holding jolly-ups without refresh
ments, will be broken when cider is
served.
Brown's orchestra, except for the
leader, is the same as Eddie Stirm's
of last year. Arrangements for the
affair have been made by a com
mittee of juniors, including Chair
man Esther Pelton, Ruth Neuport,
Reynolds, Bill Quade, and Roger
Kimball.
Grinning Hallowe'en pumpkins in
the court, colored lights illuminat
ing the floor, unique favors, free
apple cider, and Frank Brown's 12-
piece orchestra will be featured at
tonight's junior jolly-up, to be held
from 7 to 8 o'clock in the Women's
Gym.
Although the affair is sponsored
by the Class of '37, under the presi
dency of Jim Reynolds, all students
are welcome. This jolly-up will
carry out the no-date tradition, but
another Stanford custom, that of
holding jolly-ups without refresh
ments, will be broken when cider is
served.
Brown's orchestra, except for the
leader, is the same as Eddie Stirm's
of last year. Arrangements for the
affair have been made by a com
mittee of juniors, including Chair
man Esther Pelton, Ruth Neuport,
Reynolds, Bill Quade, and Roger
Kimball.
