# GROUP ELECTS HEAD
## 
### 
Robert S. Niccolls was elected
president last night of the local
chapter of Scabbard and Blade, na
tional honorary military fraternity.
Robert S. Niccolls was elected
president last night of the local
chapter of Scabbard and Blade, na
tional honorary military fraternity.
Robert S. Niccolls was elected
president last night of the local
chapter of Scabbard and Blade, na
tional honorary military fraternity.
Robert S. Niccolls was elected
president last night of the local
chapter of Scabbard and Blade, na
tional honorary military fraternity.
Robert S. Niccolls was elected
president last night of the local
chapter of Scabbard and Blade, na
tional honorary military fraternity.
Robert S. Niccolls was elected
president last night of the local
chapter of Scabbard and Blade, na
tional honorary military fraternity.
Robert S. Niccolls was elected
president last night of the local
chapter of Scabbard and Blade, na
tional honorary military fraternity.
Robert S. Niccolls was elected
president last night of the local
chapter of Scabbard and Blade, na
tional honorary military fraternity.
Robert S. Niccolls was elected
president last night of the local
chapter of Scabbard and Blade, na
tional honorary military fraternity.
Robert S. Niccolls was elected
president last night of the local
chapter of Scabbard and Blade, na
tional honorary military fraternity.
Robert S. Niccolls was elected
president last night of the local
chapter of Scabbard and Blade, na
tional honorary military fraternity.
Robert S. Niccolls was elected
president last night of the local
chapter of Scabbard and Blade, na
tional honorary military fraternity.
Robert S. Niccolls was elected
president last night of the local
chapter of Scabbard and Blade, na
tional honorary military fraternity.
Robert S. Niccolls was elected
president last night of the local
chapter of Scabbard and Blade, na
tional honorary military fraternity.
Robert S. Niccolls was elected
president last night of the local
chapter of Scabbard and Blade, na
tional honorary military fraternity.
