# Forum To Hear S.F. Speakers
## 
### 
Grave danger that another long
shoremen's strike similar to last
year's crisis may soon be called,
prompts Stanford's student forum,
the Walrus Club, to bring speakers
from San Francisco to give their
views on the situation tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house.
N. V. Larson, '23, editor of the
"Voice" of the A.F. of L., George
Storey, assistant secretary to the
Industrial Association of San Fran
cisco, and a member of the San
Francisco Chamber of Commerce
are scheduled to speak on the recent
ship tie-up, explaining the attitude
of the longshoremen and why the
labor groups can't get together.
They will also point out how the
situation may be finally clarified.
Although the metropolitan news
papers say there is a Communist
clement disrupting the whole or
ganization, Mitchel Saadi, manager
of the student forum, says the speak
ers will present both sides of the
question. The historical background
of the crisis will be given by Wal
ter M. Rudolph, instructor in eco
nomics.
