# NOTICE
## 
### 
Mrs. Ruth Calvin's Dancing Compo
sition class will not meet this week.
Mrs. Ruth Calvin's Dancing Compo
sition class will not meet this week.
Mrs. Ruth Calvin's Dancing Compo
sition class will not meet this week.
Mrs. Ruth Calvin's Dancing Compo
sition class will not meet this week.
Mrs. Ruth Calvin's Dancing Compo
sition class will not meet this week.
Mrs. Ruth Calvin's Dancing Compo
sition class will not meet this week.
Mrs. Ruth Calvin's Dancing Compo
sition class will not meet this week.
Mrs. Ruth Calvin's Dancing Compo
sition class will not meet this week.
Mrs. Ruth Calvin's Dancing Compo
sition class will not meet this week.
Mrs. Ruth Calvin's Dancing Compo
sition class will not meet this week.
Mrs. Ruth Calvin's Dancing Compo
sition class will not meet this week.
Mrs. Ruth Calvin's Dancing Compo
sition class will not meet this week.
Mrs. Ruth Calvin's Dancing Compo
sition class will not meet this week.
Mrs. Ruth Calvin's Dancing Compo
sition class will not meet this week.
Mrs. Ruth Calvin's Dancing Compo
sition class will not meet this week.
