# STRING QUARTET
## 
### 

Edwin Bachmann, second violinist;
Mischa Elman, first violinist; Horace
Britt, "cellist; and William Schubert,
viola player, who will play in the
pavilion at 8:15 o'clock tomorrow
evening.

Edwin Bachmann, second violinist;
Mischa Elman, first violinist; Horace
Britt, "cellist; and William Schubert,
viola player, who will play in the
pavilion at 8:15 o'clock tomorrow
evening.

Edwin Bachmann, second violinist;
Mischa Elman, first violinist; Horace
Britt, "cellist; and William Schubert,
viola player, who will play in the
pavilion at 8:15 o'clock tomorrow
evening.

Edwin Bachmann, second violinist;
Mischa Elman, first violinist; Horace
Britt, "cellist; and William Schubert,
viola player, who will play in the
pavilion at 8:15 o'clock tomorrow
evening.

Edwin Bachmann, second violinist;
Mischa Elman, first violinist; Horace
Britt, "cellist; and William Schubert,
viola player, who will play in the
pavilion at 8:15 o'clock tomorrow
evening.

Edwin Bachmann, second violinist;
Mischa Elman, first violinist; Horace
Britt, "cellist; and William Schubert,
viola player, who will play in the
pavilion at 8:15 o'clock tomorrow
evening.

Edwin Bachmann, second violinist;
Mischa Elman, first violinist; Horace
Britt, "cellist; and William Schubert,
viola player, who will play in the
pavilion at 8:15 o'clock tomorrow
evening.

Edwin Bachmann, second violinist;
Mischa Elman, first violinist; Horace
Britt, "cellist; and William Schubert,
viola player, who will play in the
pavilion at 8:15 o'clock tomorrow
evening.

Edwin Bachmann, second violinist;
Mischa Elman, first violinist; Horace
Britt, "cellist; and William Schubert,
viola player, who will play in the
pavilion at 8:15 o'clock tomorrow
evening.

Edwin Bachmann, second violinist;
Mischa Elman, first violinist; Horace
Britt, "cellist; and William Schubert,
viola player, who will play in the
pavilion at 8:15 o'clock tomorrow
evening.

Edwin Bachmann, second violinist;
Mischa Elman, first violinist; Horace
Britt, "cellist; and William Schubert,
viola player, who will play in the
pavilion at 8:15 o'clock tomorrow
evening.

Edwin Bachmann, second violinist;
Mischa Elman, first violinist; Horace
Britt, "cellist; and William Schubert,
viola player, who will play in the
pavilion at 8:15 o'clock tomorrow
evening.

Edwin Bachmann, second violinist;
Mischa Elman, first violinist; Horace
Britt, "cellist; and William Schubert,
viola player, who will play in the
pavilion at 8:15 o'clock tomorrow
evening.

Edwin Bachmann, second violinist;
Mischa Elman, first violinist; Horace
Britt, "cellist; and William Schubert,
viola player, who will play in the
pavilion at 8:15 o'clock tomorrow
evening.

Edwin Bachmann, second violinist;
Mischa Elman, first violinist; Horace
Britt, "cellist; and William Schubert,
viola player, who will play in the
pavilion at 8:15 o'clock tomorrow
evening.
