# Adv. 19 Page 5
## 
### 
Political and "A SPARKLING
social satire, rsonup
improvisation,
libel and - San Francisco
nonsense Magazine
by the
PITSCHEL
PLAYERS
t Every Friday
and Saturday
night at 8:30
Intersection
call 956.0252
Serving the Bay Area Since 1966
I
SATURDAY
MI UNITE
SHOW
: : "vß|x;v
"<Xv*
°^juliet
the
reivers
Varsity Theatre
456 Univ. Ave.
Palo Alto 328-1895
Political and "A SPARKLING
social satire, rsonup
improvisation,
libel and - San Francisco
nonsense Magazine
by the
PITSCHEL
PLAYERS
t Every Friday
and Saturday
night at 8:30
Intersection
call 956.0252
Serving the Bay Area Since 1966
I
SATURDAY
MI UNITE
SHOW
: : "vß|x;v
"<Xv*
°^juliet
the
reivers
Varsity Theatre
456 Univ. Ave.
Palo Alto 328-1895
Political and "A SPARKLING
social satire, rsonup
improvisation,
libel and - San Francisco
nonsense Magazine
by the
PITSCHEL
PLAYERS
t Every Friday
and Saturday
night at 8:30
Intersection
call 956.0252
Serving the Bay Area Since 1966
I
SATURDAY
MI UNITE
SHOW
: : "vß|x;v
"<Xv*
°^juliet
the
reivers
Varsity Theatre
456 Univ. Ave.
Palo Alto 328-1895
Political and "A SPARKLING
social satire, rsonup
improvisation,
libel and - San Francisco
nonsense Magazine
by the
PITSCHEL
PLAYERS
t Every Friday
and Saturday
night at 8:30
Intersection
call 956.0252
Serving the Bay Area Since 1966
I
SATURDAY
MI UNITE
SHOW
: : "vß|x;v
"<Xv*
°^juliet
the
reivers
Varsity Theatre
456 Univ. Ave.
Palo Alto 328-1895
Political and "A SPARKLING
social satire, rsonup
improvisation,
libel and - San Francisco
nonsense Magazine
by the
PITSCHEL
PLAYERS
t Every Friday
and Saturday
night at 8:30
Intersection
call 956.0252
Serving the Bay Area Since 1966
I
SATURDAY
MI UNITE
SHOW
: : "vß|x;v
"<Xv*
°^juliet
the
reivers
Varsity Theatre
456 Univ. Ave.
Palo Alto 328-1895
Political and "A SPARKLING
social satire, rsonup
improvisation,
libel and - San Francisco
nonsense Magazine
by the
PITSCHEL
PLAYERS
t Every Friday
and Saturday
night at 8:30
Intersection
call 956.0252
Serving the Bay Area Since 1966
I
SATURDAY
MI UNITE
SHOW
: : "vß|x;v
"<Xv*
°^juliet
the
reivers
Varsity Theatre
456 Univ. Ave.
Palo Alto 328-1895
Political and "A SPARKLING
social satire, rsonup
improvisation,
libel and - San Francisco
nonsense Magazine
by the
PITSCHEL
PLAYERS
t Every Friday
and Saturday
night at 8:30
Intersection
call 956.0252
Serving the Bay Area Since 1966
I
SATURDAY
MI UNITE
SHOW
: : "vß|x;v
"<Xv*
°^juliet
the
reivers
Varsity Theatre
456 Univ. Ave.
Palo Alto 328-1895
Political and "A SPARKLING
social satire, rsonup
improvisation,
libel and - San Francisco
nonsense Magazine
by the
PITSCHEL
PLAYERS
t Every Friday
and Saturday
night at 8:30
Intersection
call 956.0252
Serving the Bay Area Since 1966
I
SATURDAY
MI UNITE
SHOW
: : "vß|x;v
"<Xv*
°^juliet
the
reivers
Varsity Theatre
456 Univ. Ave.
Palo Alto 328-1895
Political and "A SPARKLING
social satire, rsonup
improvisation,
libel and - San Francisco
nonsense Magazine
by the
PITSCHEL
PLAYERS
t Every Friday
and Saturday
night at 8:30
Intersection
call 956.0252
Serving the Bay Area Since 1966
I
SATURDAY
MI UNITE
SHOW
: : "vß|x;v
"<Xv*
°^juliet
the
reivers
Varsity Theatre
456 Univ. Ave.
Palo Alto 328-1895
Political and "A SPARKLING
social satire, rsonup
improvisation,
libel and - San Francisco
nonsense Magazine
by the
PITSCHEL
PLAYERS
t Every Friday
and Saturday
night at 8:30
Intersection
call 956.0252
Serving the Bay Area Since 1966
I
SATURDAY
MI UNITE
SHOW
: : "vß|x;v
"<Xv*
°^juliet
the
reivers
Varsity Theatre
456 Univ. Ave.
Palo Alto 328-1895
Political and "A SPARKLING
social satire, rsonup
improvisation,
libel and - San Francisco
nonsense Magazine
by the
PITSCHEL
PLAYERS
t Every Friday
and Saturday
night at 8:30
Intersection
call 956.0252
Serving the Bay Area Since 1966
I
SATURDAY
MI UNITE
SHOW
: : "vß|x;v
"<Xv*
°^juliet
the
reivers
Varsity Theatre
456 Univ. Ave.
Palo Alto 328-1895
Political and "A SPARKLING
social satire, rsonup
improvisation,
libel and - San Francisco
nonsense Magazine
by the
PITSCHEL
PLAYERS
t Every Friday
and Saturday
night at 8:30
Intersection
call 956.0252
Serving the Bay Area Since 1966
I
SATURDAY
MI UNITE
SHOW
: : "vß|x;v
"<Xv*
°^juliet
the
reivers
Varsity Theatre
456 Univ. Ave.
Palo Alto 328-1895
Political and "A SPARKLING
social satire, rsonup
improvisation,
libel and - San Francisco
nonsense Magazine
by the
PITSCHEL
PLAYERS
t Every Friday
and Saturday
night at 8:30
Intersection
call 956.0252
Serving the Bay Area Since 1966
I
SATURDAY
MI UNITE
SHOW
: : "vß|x;v
"<Xv*
°^juliet
the
reivers
Varsity Theatre
456 Univ. Ave.
Palo Alto 328-1895
Political and "A SPARKLING
social satire, rsonup
improvisation,
libel and - San Francisco
nonsense Magazine
by the
PITSCHEL
PLAYERS
t Every Friday
and Saturday
night at 8:30
Intersection
call 956.0252
Serving the Bay Area Since 1966
I
SATURDAY
MI UNITE
SHOW
: : "vß|x;v
"<Xv*
°^juliet
the
reivers
Varsity Theatre
456 Univ. Ave.
Palo Alto 328-1895
Political and "A SPARKLING
social satire, rsonup
improvisation,
libel and - San Francisco
nonsense Magazine
by the
PITSCHEL
PLAYERS
t Every Friday
and Saturday
night at 8:30
Intersection
call 956.0252
Serving the Bay Area Since 1966
I
SATURDAY
MI UNITE
SHOW
: : "vß|x;v
"<Xv*
°^juliet
the
reivers
Varsity Theatre
456 Univ. Ave.
Palo Alto 328-1895
