# SIRO Relief Drive Will Open Monday
## 
### 
The Winter Quarter Relief Drive,
sponsored by the Stanford Interha
tional Relief Organization, will be
held during dead and final weeks.
Books, magazines, and clothing will
be collected and distributed to stu
dents abroad by the World Univer
sity Service.
The Winter Quarter Relief Drive,
sponsored by the Stanford Interha
tional Relief Organization, will be
held during dead and final weeks.
Books, magazines, and clothing will
be collected and distributed to stu
dents abroad by the World Univer
sity Service.
The Winter Quarter Relief Drive,
sponsored by the Stanford Interha
tional Relief Organization, will be
held during dead and final weeks.
Books, magazines, and clothing will
be collected and distributed to stu
dents abroad by the World Univer
sity Service.
The Winter Quarter Relief Drive,
sponsored by the Stanford Interha
tional Relief Organization, will be
held during dead and final weeks.
Books, magazines, and clothing will
be collected and distributed to stu
dents abroad by the World Univer
sity Service.
The Winter Quarter Relief Drive,
sponsored by the Stanford Interha
tional Relief Organization, will be
held during dead and final weeks.
Books, magazines, and clothing will
be collected and distributed to stu
dents abroad by the World Univer
sity Service.
The Winter Quarter Relief Drive,
sponsored by the Stanford Interha
tional Relief Organization, will be
held during dead and final weeks.
Books, magazines, and clothing will
be collected and distributed to stu
dents abroad by the World Univer
sity Service.
The Winter Quarter Relief Drive,
sponsored by the Stanford Interha
tional Relief Organization, will be
held during dead and final weeks.
Books, magazines, and clothing will
be collected and distributed to stu
dents abroad by the World Univer
sity Service.
The Winter Quarter Relief Drive,
sponsored by the Stanford Interha
tional Relief Organization, will be
held during dead and final weeks.
Books, magazines, and clothing will
be collected and distributed to stu
dents abroad by the World Univer
sity Service.
The Winter Quarter Relief Drive,
sponsored by the Stanford Interha
tional Relief Organization, will be
held during dead and final weeks.
Books, magazines, and clothing will
be collected and distributed to stu
dents abroad by the World Univer
sity Service.
The Winter Quarter Relief Drive,
sponsored by the Stanford Interha
tional Relief Organization, will be
held during dead and final weeks.
Books, magazines, and clothing will
be collected and distributed to stu
dents abroad by the World Univer
sity Service.
The Winter Quarter Relief Drive,
sponsored by the Stanford Interha
tional Relief Organization, will be
held during dead and final weeks.
Books, magazines, and clothing will
be collected and distributed to stu
dents abroad by the World Univer
sity Service.
The Winter Quarter Relief Drive,
sponsored by the Stanford Interha
tional Relief Organization, will be
held during dead and final weeks.
Books, magazines, and clothing will
be collected and distributed to stu
dents abroad by the World Univer
sity Service.
The Winter Quarter Relief Drive,
sponsored by the Stanford Interha
tional Relief Organization, will be
held during dead and final weeks.
Books, magazines, and clothing will
be collected and distributed to stu
dents abroad by the World Univer
sity Service.
The Winter Quarter Relief Drive,
sponsored by the Stanford Interha
tional Relief Organization, will be
held during dead and final weeks.
Books, magazines, and clothing will
be collected and distributed to stu
dents abroad by the World Univer
sity Service.
The Winter Quarter Relief Drive,
sponsored by the Stanford Interha
tional Relief Organization, will be
held during dead and final weeks.
Books, magazines, and clothing will
be collected and distributed to stu
dents abroad by the World Univer
sity Service.
