# Senate May Drop $20 Tax Cut Bill
## 
### 
WASHINGTON â€” Democratic and
Republican Senate leaders said to
day alter a preliminary nose count
that the Senate will reject the
House-passed $20-a-pcrson income
tax cut by anywhere from six to 20
votes.
But administration leaders still
were worried about the overall tax
picture. They feared they might be
caught in a "time squeeze" later this
month that would force them to ac
cept the cut if tticy want to keep
corporate and excise taxes at pres
ent rates.
A Republican leader said a check
of the 47 GOP Senators indicated
only one would vote for the Demo
cratic-sponsored cut. He also said
the Republicans were counting on at
least five Democratic votes against
if.
