# FRIDAY
## 
### 
Cinco
Celebrate Mexican independence
today, exactly 127 years after the
decisive defeat of Napoleon Ill's
forces in the Battle of Puebla Ap
propnately enough, today also
marks the 20th anniversary of the
Chicano/Latmo student organize
tion known as MEChA Page 8
Oh, happy day! Oh, happy hour!
It's at The Dally. Photo will be
providing plenty of everything,
starting at 5 p.m., so come and
whack a plnata
Cinco
Celebrate Mexican independence
today, exactly 127 years after the
decisive defeat of Napoleon Ill's
forces in the Battle of Puebla Ap
propnately enough, today also
marks the 20th anniversary of the
Chicano/Latmo student organize
tion known as MEChA Page 8
Oh, happy day! Oh, happy hour!
It's at The Dally. Photo will be
providing plenty of everything,
starting at 5 p.m., so come and
whack a plnata
Cinco
Celebrate Mexican independence
today, exactly 127 years after the
decisive defeat of Napoleon Ill's
forces in the Battle of Puebla Ap
propnately enough, today also
marks the 20th anniversary of the
Chicano/Latmo student organize
tion known as MEChA Page 8
Oh, happy day! Oh, happy hour!
It's at The Dally. Photo will be
providing plenty of everything,
starting at 5 p.m., so come and
whack a plnata
Cinco
Celebrate Mexican independence
today, exactly 127 years after the
decisive defeat of Napoleon Ill's
forces in the Battle of Puebla Ap
propnately enough, today also
marks the 20th anniversary of the
Chicano/Latmo student organize
tion known as MEChA Page 8
Oh, happy day! Oh, happy hour!
It's at The Dally. Photo will be
providing plenty of everything,
starting at 5 p.m., so come and
whack a plnata
Cinco
Celebrate Mexican independence
today, exactly 127 years after the
decisive defeat of Napoleon Ill's
forces in the Battle of Puebla Ap
propnately enough, today also
marks the 20th anniversary of the
Chicano/Latmo student organize
tion known as MEChA Page 8
Oh, happy day! Oh, happy hour!
It's at The Dally. Photo will be
providing plenty of everything,
starting at 5 p.m., so come and
whack a plnata
Cinco
Celebrate Mexican independence
today, exactly 127 years after the
decisive defeat of Napoleon Ill's
forces in the Battle of Puebla Ap
propnately enough, today also
marks the 20th anniversary of the
Chicano/Latmo student organize
tion known as MEChA Page 8
Oh, happy day! Oh, happy hour!
It's at The Dally. Photo will be
providing plenty of everything,
starting at 5 p.m., so come and
whack a plnata
Cinco
Celebrate Mexican independence
today, exactly 127 years after the
decisive defeat of Napoleon Ill's
forces in the Battle of Puebla Ap
propnately enough, today also
marks the 20th anniversary of the
Chicano/Latmo student organize
tion known as MEChA Page 8
Oh, happy day! Oh, happy hour!
It's at The Dally. Photo will be
providing plenty of everything,
starting at 5 p.m., so come and
whack a plnata
Cinco
Celebrate Mexican independence
today, exactly 127 years after the
decisive defeat of Napoleon Ill's
forces in the Battle of Puebla Ap
propnately enough, today also
marks the 20th anniversary of the
Chicano/Latmo student organize
tion known as MEChA Page 8
Oh, happy day! Oh, happy hour!
It's at The Dally. Photo will be
providing plenty of everything,
starting at 5 p.m., so come and
whack a plnata
