# Letters
## Shultz conveniently avoided facts about Nicaragua 
### 
IN ITS APRIL 28 coverage of the
"dialogue" on international negotia
tions with former Secretary of
State George Shultz, The Daily printed
part of the exchange between Shultz
and Asst. Prof, of Political Science
Terry Karl on negotiations in Central
America.
Since we believe the answer given by
Shultz to Karl's questions was mislead
ing, it is necessary to clarify the em
pirical record on the Contadora negoti
ations about which these two profes
sors disagreed.
According to Shultz, the United
States supported the effort of the
Contadora nations to negotiate a peace
treaty in Central America, whereas
Nicaragua tried to use bilateral negoti

ations with the United States in Man
zanilloi, Mexico, to undermine the
Contadora process.
However, the historical record shows
clearly that on Sept. 21, 1984 — in
the midst of the Manzanillo talks,
which took place between June and
November of 1984 — the Sandinistas
publicly agreed to sign the Contadora
Treaty. Having previously expressed
support for this draft of the treaty
(under the apparent assumption that it
would be unacceptable to Nicaragua),
the United States subsequently did an
about-face and said the treaty was
inadequate.
Constantine Menges, the top Latin
American specialist at the National
Security Council at the time, states in

his book, "Inside the National Security
Council," that the presidents of Costa
Rica and Guatemala had also planned
to sign the treaty until they received a
letter from President Reagan express
ing U.S. objections.
While the United States denounced
Nicaragua's pledge to sign the treaty
as a public relations stunt, an NSC
Background Paper claimed that the
United States had "effectively blocked
Contadora Group efforts to impose a
second draft of a revised Contadora
Act."
As for the seriousness of U.S.
negotiating efforts at Manzanillo,
documents recently made public for the
trial of Oliver North demonstrate that
the Reagan administration used negoti-

ations as a political cover to induce
Congress to restore aid to the
Nicaraguan Contras.
As Reagan himself stated at a June
25, 1984 meeting of the National
Security Planning Group, "If we are
just talking about negotiations with
Nicaragua, that is too far-fetched to
imagine that a Communist governmer
like that would make any reasonable
deal with us, but if it is to get
Congress to support the anti-
Sandinistas, then that can be helpful.
We will let the readers draw their
own conclusions.
Alfonso Lara
Todd Gaviglio
Jendayi Frazcr
Graduate students, political science
IN ITS APRIL 28 coverage of the
"dialogue" on international negotia
tions with former Secretary of
State George Shultz, The Daily printed
part of the exchange between Shultz
and Asst. Prof, of Political Science
Terry Karl on negotiations in Central
America.
Since we believe the answer given by
Shultz to Karl's questions was mislead
ing, it is necessary to clarify the em
pirical record on the Contadora negoti
ations about which these two profes
sors disagreed.
According to Shultz, the United
States supported the effort of the
Contadora nations to negotiate a peace
treaty in Central America, whereas
Nicaragua tried to use bilateral negoti

ations with the United States in Man
zanilloi, Mexico, to undermine the
Contadora process.
However, the historical record shows
clearly that on Sept. 21, 1984 — in
the midst of the Manzanillo talks,
which took place between June and
November of 1984 — the Sandinistas
publicly agreed to sign the Contadora
Treaty. Having previously expressed
support for this draft of the treaty
(under the apparent assumption that it
would be unacceptable to Nicaragua),
the United States subsequently did an
about-face and said the treaty was
inadequate.
Constantine Menges, the top Latin
American specialist at the National
Security Council at the time, states in

his book, "Inside the National Security
Council," that the presidents of Costa
Rica and Guatemala had also planned
to sign the treaty until they received a
letter from President Reagan express
ing U.S. objections.
While the United States denounced
Nicaragua's pledge to sign the treaty
as a public relations stunt, an NSC
Background Paper claimed that the
United States had "effectively blocked
Contadora Group efforts to impose a
second draft of a revised Contadora
Act."
As for the seriousness of U.S.
negotiating efforts at Manzanillo,
documents recently made public for the
trial of Oliver North demonstrate that
the Reagan administration used negoti-

ations as a political cover to induce
Congress to restore aid to the
Nicaraguan Contras.
As Reagan himself stated at a June
25, 1984 meeting of the National
Security Planning Group, "If we are
just talking about negotiations with
Nicaragua, that is too far-fetched to
imagine that a Communist governmer
like that would make any reasonable
deal with us, but if it is to get
Congress to support the anti-
Sandinistas, then that can be helpful.
We will let the readers draw their
own conclusions.
Alfonso Lara
Todd Gaviglio
Jendayi Frazcr
Graduate students, political science
IN ITS APRIL 28 coverage of the
"dialogue" on international negotia
tions with former Secretary of
State George Shultz, The Daily printed
part of the exchange between Shultz
and Asst. Prof, of Political Science
Terry Karl on negotiations in Central
America.
Since we believe the answer given by
Shultz to Karl's questions was mislead
ing, it is necessary to clarify the em
pirical record on the Contadora negoti
ations about which these two profes
sors disagreed.
According to Shultz, the United
States supported the effort of the
Contadora nations to negotiate a peace
treaty in Central America, whereas
Nicaragua tried to use bilateral negoti

ations with the United States in Man
zanilloi, Mexico, to undermine the
Contadora process.
However, the historical record shows
clearly that on Sept. 21, 1984 — in
the midst of the Manzanillo talks,
which took place between June and
November of 1984 — the Sandinistas
publicly agreed to sign the Contadora
Treaty. Having previously expressed
support for this draft of the treaty
(under the apparent assumption that it
would be unacceptable to Nicaragua),
the United States subsequently did an
about-face and said the treaty was
inadequate.
Constantine Menges, the top Latin
American specialist at the National
Security Council at the time, states in

his book, "Inside the National Security
Council," that the presidents of Costa
Rica and Guatemala had also planned
to sign the treaty until they received a
letter from President Reagan express
ing U.S. objections.
While the United States denounced
Nicaragua's pledge to sign the treaty
as a public relations stunt, an NSC
Background Paper claimed that the
United States had "effectively blocked
Contadora Group efforts to impose a
second draft of a revised Contadora
Act."
As for the seriousness of U.S.
negotiating efforts at Manzanillo,
documents recently made public for the
trial of Oliver North demonstrate that
the Reagan administration used negoti-

ations as a political cover to induce
Congress to restore aid to the
Nicaraguan Contras.
As Reagan himself stated at a June
25, 1984 meeting of the National
Security Planning Group, "If we are
just talking about negotiations with
Nicaragua, that is too far-fetched to
imagine that a Communist governmer
like that would make any reasonable
deal with us, but if it is to get
Congress to support the anti-
Sandinistas, then that can be helpful.
We will let the readers draw their
own conclusions.
Alfonso Lara
Todd Gaviglio
Jendayi Frazcr
Graduate students, political science
IN ITS APRIL 28 coverage of the
"dialogue" on international negotia
tions with former Secretary of
State George Shultz, The Daily printed
part of the exchange between Shultz
and Asst. Prof, of Political Science
Terry Karl on negotiations in Central
America.
Since we believe the answer given by
Shultz to Karl's questions was mislead
ing, it is necessary to clarify the em
pirical record on the Contadora negoti
ations about which these two profes
sors disagreed.
According to Shultz, the United
States supported the effort of the
Contadora nations to negotiate a peace
treaty in Central America, whereas
Nicaragua tried to use bilateral negoti

ations with the United States in Man
zanilloi, Mexico, to undermine the
Contadora process.
However, the historical record shows
clearly that on Sept. 21, 1984 — in
the midst of the Manzanillo talks,
which took place between June and
November of 1984 — the Sandinistas
publicly agreed to sign the Contadora
Treaty. Having previously expressed
support for this draft of the treaty
(under the apparent assumption that it
would be unacceptable to Nicaragua),
the United States subsequently did an
about-face and said the treaty was
inadequate.
Constantine Menges, the top Latin
American specialist at the National
Security Council at the time, states in

his book, "Inside the National Security
Council," that the presidents of Costa
Rica and Guatemala had also planned
to sign the treaty until they received a
letter from President Reagan express
ing U.S. objections.
While the United States denounced
Nicaragua's pledge to sign the treaty
as a public relations stunt, an NSC
Background Paper claimed that the
United States had "effectively blocked
Contadora Group efforts to impose a
second draft of a revised Contadora
Act."
As for the seriousness of U.S.
negotiating efforts at Manzanillo,
documents recently made public for the
trial of Oliver North demonstrate that
the Reagan administration used negoti-

ations as a political cover to induce
Congress to restore aid to the
Nicaraguan Contras.
As Reagan himself stated at a June
25, 1984 meeting of the National
Security Planning Group, "If we are
just talking about negotiations with
Nicaragua, that is too far-fetched to
imagine that a Communist governmer
like that would make any reasonable
deal with us, but if it is to get
Congress to support the anti-
Sandinistas, then that can be helpful.
We will let the readers draw their
own conclusions.
Alfonso Lara
Todd Gaviglio
Jendayi Frazcr
Graduate students, political science
IN ITS APRIL 28 coverage of the
"dialogue" on international negotia
tions with former Secretary of
State George Shultz, The Daily printed
part of the exchange between Shultz
and Asst. Prof, of Political Science
Terry Karl on negotiations in Central
America.
Since we believe the answer given by
Shultz to Karl's questions was mislead
ing, it is necessary to clarify the em
pirical record on the Contadora negoti
ations about which these two profes
sors disagreed.
According to Shultz, the United
States supported the effort of the
Contadora nations to negotiate a peace
treaty in Central America, whereas
Nicaragua tried to use bilateral negoti

ations with the United States in Man
zanilloi, Mexico, to undermine the
Contadora process.
However, the historical record shows
clearly that on Sept. 21, 1984 — in
the midst of the Manzanillo talks,
which took place between June and
November of 1984 — the Sandinistas
publicly agreed to sign the Contadora
Treaty. Having previously expressed
support for this draft of the treaty
(under the apparent assumption that it
would be unacceptable to Nicaragua),
the United States subsequently did an
about-face and said the treaty was
inadequate.
Constantine Menges, the top Latin
American specialist at the National
Security Council at the time, states in

his book, "Inside the National Security
Council," that the presidents of Costa
Rica and Guatemala had also planned
to sign the treaty until they received a
letter from President Reagan express
ing U.S. objections.
While the United States denounced
Nicaragua's pledge to sign the treaty
as a public relations stunt, an NSC
Background Paper claimed that the
United States had "effectively blocked
Contadora Group efforts to impose a
second draft of a revised Contadora
Act."
As for the seriousness of U.S.
negotiating efforts at Manzanillo,
documents recently made public for the
trial of Oliver North demonstrate that
the Reagan administration used negoti-

ations as a political cover to induce
Congress to restore aid to the
Nicaraguan Contras.
As Reagan himself stated at a June
25, 1984 meeting of the National
Security Planning Group, "If we are
just talking about negotiations with
Nicaragua, that is too far-fetched to
imagine that a Communist governmer
like that would make any reasonable
deal with us, but if it is to get
Congress to support the anti-
Sandinistas, then that can be helpful.
We will let the readers draw their
own conclusions.
Alfonso Lara
Todd Gaviglio
Jendayi Frazcr
Graduate students, political science
IN ITS APRIL 28 coverage of the
"dialogue" on international negotia
tions with former Secretary of
State George Shultz, The Daily printed
part of the exchange between Shultz
and Asst. Prof, of Political Science
Terry Karl on negotiations in Central
America.
Since we believe the answer given by
Shultz to Karl's questions was mislead
ing, it is necessary to clarify the em
pirical record on the Contadora negoti
ations about which these two profes
sors disagreed.
According to Shultz, the United
States supported the effort of the
Contadora nations to negotiate a peace
treaty in Central America, whereas
Nicaragua tried to use bilateral negoti

ations with the United States in Man
zanilloi, Mexico, to undermine the
Contadora process.
However, the historical record shows
clearly that on Sept. 21, 1984 — in
the midst of the Manzanillo talks,
which took place between June and
November of 1984 — the Sandinistas
publicly agreed to sign the Contadora
Treaty. Having previously expressed
support for this draft of the treaty
(under the apparent assumption that it
would be unacceptable to Nicaragua),
the United States subsequently did an
about-face and said the treaty was
inadequate.
Constantine Menges, the top Latin
American specialist at the National
Security Council at the time, states in

his book, "Inside the National Security
Council," that the presidents of Costa
Rica and Guatemala had also planned
to sign the treaty until they received a
letter from President Reagan express
ing U.S. objections.
While the United States denounced
Nicaragua's pledge to sign the treaty
as a public relations stunt, an NSC
Background Paper claimed that the
United States had "effectively blocked
Contadora Group efforts to impose a
second draft of a revised Contadora
Act."
As for the seriousness of U.S.
negotiating efforts at Manzanillo,
documents recently made public for the
trial of Oliver North demonstrate that
the Reagan administration used negoti-

ations as a political cover to induce
Congress to restore aid to the
Nicaraguan Contras.
As Reagan himself stated at a June
25, 1984 meeting of the National
Security Planning Group, "If we are
just talking about negotiations with
Nicaragua, that is too far-fetched to
imagine that a Communist governmer
like that would make any reasonable
deal with us, but if it is to get
Congress to support the anti-
Sandinistas, then that can be helpful.
We will let the readers draw their
own conclusions.
Alfonso Lara
Todd Gaviglio
Jendayi Frazcr
Graduate students, political science
IN ITS APRIL 28 coverage of the
"dialogue" on international negotia
tions with former Secretary of
State George Shultz, The Daily printed
part of the exchange between Shultz
and Asst. Prof, of Political Science
Terry Karl on negotiations in Central
America.
Since we believe the answer given by
Shultz to Karl's questions was mislead
ing, it is necessary to clarify the em
pirical record on the Contadora negoti
ations about which these two profes
sors disagreed.
According to Shultz, the United
States supported the effort of the
Contadora nations to negotiate a peace
treaty in Central America, whereas
Nicaragua tried to use bilateral negoti

ations with the United States in Man
zanilloi, Mexico, to undermine the
Contadora process.
However, the historical record shows
clearly that on Sept. 21, 1984 — in
the midst of the Manzanillo talks,
which took place between June and
November of 1984 — the Sandinistas
publicly agreed to sign the Contadora
Treaty. Having previously expressed
support for this draft of the treaty
(under the apparent assumption that it
would be unacceptable to Nicaragua),
the United States subsequently did an
about-face and said the treaty was
inadequate.
Constantine Menges, the top Latin
American specialist at the National
Security Council at the time, states in

his book, "Inside the National Security
Council," that the presidents of Costa
Rica and Guatemala had also planned
to sign the treaty until they received a
letter from President Reagan express
ing U.S. objections.
While the United States denounced
Nicaragua's pledge to sign the treaty
as a public relations stunt, an NSC
Background Paper claimed that the
United States had "effectively blocked
Contadora Group efforts to impose a
second draft of a revised Contadora
Act."
As for the seriousness of U.S.
negotiating efforts at Manzanillo,
documents recently made public for the
trial of Oliver North demonstrate that
the Reagan administration used negoti-

ations as a political cover to induce
Congress to restore aid to the
Nicaraguan Contras.
As Reagan himself stated at a June
25, 1984 meeting of the National
Security Planning Group, "If we are
just talking about negotiations with
Nicaragua, that is too far-fetched to
imagine that a Communist governmer
like that would make any reasonable
deal with us, but if it is to get
Congress to support the anti-
Sandinistas, then that can be helpful.
We will let the readers draw their
own conclusions.
Alfonso Lara
Todd Gaviglio
Jendayi Frazcr
Graduate students, political science
IN ITS APRIL 28 coverage of the
"dialogue" on international negotia
tions with former Secretary of
State George Shultz, The Daily printed
part of the exchange between Shultz
and Asst. Prof, of Political Science
Terry Karl on negotiations in Central
America.
Since we believe the answer given by
Shultz to Karl's questions was mislead
ing, it is necessary to clarify the em
pirical record on the Contadora negoti
ations about which these two profes
sors disagreed.
According to Shultz, the United
States supported the effort of the
Contadora nations to negotiate a peace
treaty in Central America, whereas
Nicaragua tried to use bilateral negoti

ations with the United States in Man
zanilloi, Mexico, to undermine the
Contadora process.
However, the historical record shows
clearly that on Sept. 21, 1984 — in
the midst of the Manzanillo talks,
which took place between June and
November of 1984 — the Sandinistas
publicly agreed to sign the Contadora
Treaty. Having previously expressed
support for this draft of the treaty
(under the apparent assumption that it
would be unacceptable to Nicaragua),
the United States subsequently did an
about-face and said the treaty was
inadequate.
Constantine Menges, the top Latin
American specialist at the National
Security Council at the time, states in

his book, "Inside the National Security
Council," that the presidents of Costa
Rica and Guatemala had also planned
to sign the treaty until they received a
letter from President Reagan express
ing U.S. objections.
While the United States denounced
Nicaragua's pledge to sign the treaty
as a public relations stunt, an NSC
Background Paper claimed that the
United States had "effectively blocked
Contadora Group efforts to impose a
second draft of a revised Contadora
Act."
As for the seriousness of U.S.
negotiating efforts at Manzanillo,
documents recently made public for the
trial of Oliver North demonstrate that
the Reagan administration used negoti-

ations as a political cover to induce
Congress to restore aid to the
Nicaraguan Contras.
As Reagan himself stated at a June
25, 1984 meeting of the National
Security Planning Group, "If we are
just talking about negotiations with
Nicaragua, that is too far-fetched to
imagine that a Communist governmer
like that would make any reasonable
deal with us, but if it is to get
Congress to support the anti-
Sandinistas, then that can be helpful.
We will let the readers draw their
own conclusions.
Alfonso Lara
Todd Gaviglio
Jendayi Frazcr
Graduate students, political science
