# Untitled Article
## 
### 

JIMMY POLLARD, former Stanford basketball star, was confined to
sick bay at Government Island yesterday with llu. Pollard is in the
coast guaid five which meets Hank Luiselti and St. Mary's Saturday.

JIMMY POLLARD, former Stanford basketball star, was confined to
sick bay at Government Island yesterday with llu. Pollard is in the
coast guaid five which meets Hank Luiselti and St. Mary's Saturday.

JIMMY POLLARD, former Stanford basketball star, was confined to
sick bay at Government Island yesterday with llu. Pollard is in the
coast guaid five which meets Hank Luiselti and St. Mary's Saturday.

JIMMY POLLARD, former Stanford basketball star, was confined to
sick bay at Government Island yesterday with llu. Pollard is in the
coast guaid five which meets Hank Luiselti and St. Mary's Saturday.

JIMMY POLLARD, former Stanford basketball star, was confined to
sick bay at Government Island yesterday with llu. Pollard is in the
coast guaid five which meets Hank Luiselti and St. Mary's Saturday.

JIMMY POLLARD, former Stanford basketball star, was confined to
sick bay at Government Island yesterday with llu. Pollard is in the
coast guaid five which meets Hank Luiselti and St. Mary's Saturday.

JIMMY POLLARD, former Stanford basketball star, was confined to
sick bay at Government Island yesterday with llu. Pollard is in the
coast guaid five which meets Hank Luiselti and St. Mary's Saturday.

JIMMY POLLARD, former Stanford basketball star, was confined to
sick bay at Government Island yesterday with llu. Pollard is in the
coast guaid five which meets Hank Luiselti and St. Mary's Saturday.

JIMMY POLLARD, former Stanford basketball star, was confined to
sick bay at Government Island yesterday with llu. Pollard is in the
coast guaid five which meets Hank Luiselti and St. Mary's Saturday.

JIMMY POLLARD, former Stanford basketball star, was confined to
sick bay at Government Island yesterday with llu. Pollard is in the
coast guaid five which meets Hank Luiselti and St. Mary's Saturday.

JIMMY POLLARD, former Stanford basketball star, was confined to
sick bay at Government Island yesterday with llu. Pollard is in the
coast guaid five which meets Hank Luiselti and St. Mary's Saturday.

JIMMY POLLARD, former Stanford basketball star, was confined to
sick bay at Government Island yesterday with llu. Pollard is in the
coast guaid five which meets Hank Luiselti and St. Mary's Saturday.

JIMMY POLLARD, former Stanford basketball star, was confined to
sick bay at Government Island yesterday with llu. Pollard is in the
coast guaid five which meets Hank Luiselti and St. Mary's Saturday.

JIMMY POLLARD, former Stanford basketball star, was confined to
sick bay at Government Island yesterday with llu. Pollard is in the
coast guaid five which meets Hank Luiselti and St. Mary's Saturday.

JIMMY POLLARD, former Stanford basketball star, was confined to
sick bay at Government Island yesterday with llu. Pollard is in the
coast guaid five which meets Hank Luiselti and St. Mary's Saturday.

JIMMY POLLARD, former Stanford basketball star, was confined to
sick bay at Government Island yesterday with llu. Pollard is in the
coast guaid five which meets Hank Luiselti and St. Mary's Saturday.

JIMMY POLLARD, former Stanford basketball star, was confined to
sick bay at Government Island yesterday with llu. Pollard is in the
coast guaid five which meets Hank Luiselti and St. Mary's Saturday.
