# Second War Front In Africa
## 
### 

HERE IS WIIEKE all the fighting is.going on. If the Allies can capture all of Western Africa from the Nazis
and the semi-comic, semi-pathetic Italian Army, the v will have won a major battle in the winning of World
War 11.

HERE IS WIIEKE all the fighting is.going on. If the Allies can capture all of Western Africa from the Nazis
and the semi-comic, semi-pathetic Italian Army, the v will have won a major battle in the winning of World
War 11.

HERE IS WIIEKE all the fighting is.going on. If the Allies can capture all of Western Africa from the Nazis
and the semi-comic, semi-pathetic Italian Army, the v will have won a major battle in the winning of World
War 11.

HERE IS WIIEKE all the fighting is.going on. If the Allies can capture all of Western Africa from the Nazis
and the semi-comic, semi-pathetic Italian Army, the v will have won a major battle in the winning of World
War 11.

HERE IS WIIEKE all the fighting is.going on. If the Allies can capture all of Western Africa from the Nazis
and the semi-comic, semi-pathetic Italian Army, the v will have won a major battle in the winning of World
War 11.

HERE IS WIIEKE all the fighting is.going on. If the Allies can capture all of Western Africa from the Nazis
and the semi-comic, semi-pathetic Italian Army, the v will have won a major battle in the winning of World
War 11.

HERE IS WIIEKE all the fighting is.going on. If the Allies can capture all of Western Africa from the Nazis
and the semi-comic, semi-pathetic Italian Army, the v will have won a major battle in the winning of World
War 11.

HERE IS WIIEKE all the fighting is.going on. If the Allies can capture all of Western Africa from the Nazis
and the semi-comic, semi-pathetic Italian Army, the v will have won a major battle in the winning of World
War 11.

HERE IS WIIEKE all the fighting is.going on. If the Allies can capture all of Western Africa from the Nazis
and the semi-comic, semi-pathetic Italian Army, the v will have won a major battle in the winning of World
War 11.

HERE IS WIIEKE all the fighting is.going on. If the Allies can capture all of Western Africa from the Nazis
and the semi-comic, semi-pathetic Italian Army, the v will have won a major battle in the winning of World
War 11.

HERE IS WIIEKE all the fighting is.going on. If the Allies can capture all of Western Africa from the Nazis
and the semi-comic, semi-pathetic Italian Army, the v will have won a major battle in the winning of World
War 11.

HERE IS WIIEKE all the fighting is.going on. If the Allies can capture all of Western Africa from the Nazis
and the semi-comic, semi-pathetic Italian Army, the v will have won a major battle in the winning of World
War 11.

HERE IS WIIEKE all the fighting is.going on. If the Allies can capture all of Western Africa from the Nazis
and the semi-comic, semi-pathetic Italian Army, the v will have won a major battle in the winning of World
War 11.

HERE IS WIIEKE all the fighting is.going on. If the Allies can capture all of Western Africa from the Nazis
and the semi-comic, semi-pathetic Italian Army, the v will have won a major battle in the winning of World
War 11.

HERE IS WIIEKE all the fighting is.going on. If the Allies can capture all of Western Africa from the Nazis
and the semi-comic, semi-pathetic Italian Army, the v will have won a major battle in the winning of World
War 11.

HERE IS WIIEKE all the fighting is.going on. If the Allies can capture all of Western Africa from the Nazis
and the semi-comic, semi-pathetic Italian Army, the v will have won a major battle in the winning of World
War 11.

HERE IS WIIEKE all the fighting is.going on. If the Allies can capture all of Western Africa from the Nazis
and the semi-comic, semi-pathetic Italian Army, the v will have won a major battle in the winning of World
War 11.
