# Untitled Article
## 
### 

JOSEPH B. EASTMAN, defense transportation director, left, is shown
conferring with Kenesaw M. Landis. baseball commissioner, in. Wash
ington. Ways of cutting down travel among the major league baseball
clubs in the coming season were discussed.

JOSEPH B. EASTMAN, defense transportation director, left, is shown
conferring with Kenesaw M. Landis. baseball commissioner, in. Wash
ington. Ways of cutting down travel among the major league baseball
clubs in the coming season were discussed.

JOSEPH B. EASTMAN, defense transportation director, left, is shown
conferring with Kenesaw M. Landis. baseball commissioner, in. Wash
ington. Ways of cutting down travel among the major league baseball
clubs in the coming season were discussed.

JOSEPH B. EASTMAN, defense transportation director, left, is shown
conferring with Kenesaw M. Landis. baseball commissioner, in. Wash
ington. Ways of cutting down travel among the major league baseball
clubs in the coming season were discussed.

JOSEPH B. EASTMAN, defense transportation director, left, is shown
conferring with Kenesaw M. Landis. baseball commissioner, in. Wash
ington. Ways of cutting down travel among the major league baseball
clubs in the coming season were discussed.

JOSEPH B. EASTMAN, defense transportation director, left, is shown
conferring with Kenesaw M. Landis. baseball commissioner, in. Wash
ington. Ways of cutting down travel among the major league baseball
clubs in the coming season were discussed.

JOSEPH B. EASTMAN, defense transportation director, left, is shown
conferring with Kenesaw M. Landis. baseball commissioner, in. Wash
ington. Ways of cutting down travel among the major league baseball
clubs in the coming season were discussed.

JOSEPH B. EASTMAN, defense transportation director, left, is shown
conferring with Kenesaw M. Landis. baseball commissioner, in. Wash
ington. Ways of cutting down travel among the major league baseball
clubs in the coming season were discussed.

JOSEPH B. EASTMAN, defense transportation director, left, is shown
conferring with Kenesaw M. Landis. baseball commissioner, in. Wash
ington. Ways of cutting down travel among the major league baseball
clubs in the coming season were discussed.

JOSEPH B. EASTMAN, defense transportation director, left, is shown
conferring with Kenesaw M. Landis. baseball commissioner, in. Wash
ington. Ways of cutting down travel among the major league baseball
clubs in the coming season were discussed.

JOSEPH B. EASTMAN, defense transportation director, left, is shown
conferring with Kenesaw M. Landis. baseball commissioner, in. Wash
ington. Ways of cutting down travel among the major league baseball
clubs in the coming season were discussed.

JOSEPH B. EASTMAN, defense transportation director, left, is shown
conferring with Kenesaw M. Landis. baseball commissioner, in. Wash
ington. Ways of cutting down travel among the major league baseball
clubs in the coming season were discussed.

JOSEPH B. EASTMAN, defense transportation director, left, is shown
conferring with Kenesaw M. Landis. baseball commissioner, in. Wash
ington. Ways of cutting down travel among the major league baseball
clubs in the coming season were discussed.

JOSEPH B. EASTMAN, defense transportation director, left, is shown
conferring with Kenesaw M. Landis. baseball commissioner, in. Wash
ington. Ways of cutting down travel among the major league baseball
clubs in the coming season were discussed.

JOSEPH B. EASTMAN, defense transportation director, left, is shown
conferring with Kenesaw M. Landis. baseball commissioner, in. Wash
ington. Ways of cutting down travel among the major league baseball
clubs in the coming season were discussed.

JOSEPH B. EASTMAN, defense transportation director, left, is shown
conferring with Kenesaw M. Landis. baseball commissioner, in. Wash
ington. Ways of cutting down travel among the major league baseball
clubs in the coming season were discussed.

JOSEPH B. EASTMAN, defense transportation director, left, is shown
conferring with Kenesaw M. Landis. baseball commissioner, in. Wash
ington. Ways of cutting down travel among the major league baseball
clubs in the coming season were discussed.
