# Untitled Article
## 
### 

A NEW ZEALANDER grins as he pours hot lead into the pants of a
pilot above in a Stuka dive bomber in Western Desert, Africa. He is
with Montgomery's Eighth Army.

A NEW ZEALANDER grins as he pours hot lead into the pants of a
pilot above in a Stuka dive bomber in Western Desert, Africa. He is
with Montgomery's Eighth Army.

A NEW ZEALANDER grins as he pours hot lead into the pants of a
pilot above in a Stuka dive bomber in Western Desert, Africa. He is
with Montgomery's Eighth Army.

A NEW ZEALANDER grins as he pours hot lead into the pants of a
pilot above in a Stuka dive bomber in Western Desert, Africa. He is
with Montgomery's Eighth Army.

A NEW ZEALANDER grins as he pours hot lead into the pants of a
pilot above in a Stuka dive bomber in Western Desert, Africa. He is
with Montgomery's Eighth Army.

A NEW ZEALANDER grins as he pours hot lead into the pants of a
pilot above in a Stuka dive bomber in Western Desert, Africa. He is
with Montgomery's Eighth Army.

A NEW ZEALANDER grins as he pours hot lead into the pants of a
pilot above in a Stuka dive bomber in Western Desert, Africa. He is
with Montgomery's Eighth Army.

A NEW ZEALANDER grins as he pours hot lead into the pants of a
pilot above in a Stuka dive bomber in Western Desert, Africa. He is
with Montgomery's Eighth Army.

A NEW ZEALANDER grins as he pours hot lead into the pants of a
pilot above in a Stuka dive bomber in Western Desert, Africa. He is
with Montgomery's Eighth Army.

A NEW ZEALANDER grins as he pours hot lead into the pants of a
pilot above in a Stuka dive bomber in Western Desert, Africa. He is
with Montgomery's Eighth Army.

A NEW ZEALANDER grins as he pours hot lead into the pants of a
pilot above in a Stuka dive bomber in Western Desert, Africa. He is
with Montgomery's Eighth Army.

A NEW ZEALANDER grins as he pours hot lead into the pants of a
pilot above in a Stuka dive bomber in Western Desert, Africa. He is
with Montgomery's Eighth Army.

A NEW ZEALANDER grins as he pours hot lead into the pants of a
pilot above in a Stuka dive bomber in Western Desert, Africa. He is
with Montgomery's Eighth Army.

A NEW ZEALANDER grins as he pours hot lead into the pants of a
pilot above in a Stuka dive bomber in Western Desert, Africa. He is
with Montgomery's Eighth Army.

A NEW ZEALANDER grins as he pours hot lead into the pants of a
pilot above in a Stuka dive bomber in Western Desert, Africa. He is
with Montgomery's Eighth Army.

A NEW ZEALANDER grins as he pours hot lead into the pants of a
pilot above in a Stuka dive bomber in Western Desert, Africa. He is
with Montgomery's Eighth Army.

A NEW ZEALANDER grins as he pours hot lead into the pants of a
pilot above in a Stuka dive bomber in Western Desert, Africa. He is
with Montgomery's Eighth Army.
