# Adv. 5 Page 3
## 
### 
CARLYLE
HEADQUARTERS FOR
ROLEX
WATCHES
THE ADVANCE OF QUARTZ
TECHNOLOGY, THE ASPECT
OF ROLEX INTEGRITY: THE
OYSTERQUARTZ DATEjUST
Deepen your definition of
timekeeping art with the new
Rolex Oysterquartz Date|ust.
The goal ot high perlormance
electronic technology by
time's masterbuilder, Rolex,
is met in two exceptional
models, each with matching
integral bracelet:(l), the Oys
terquartz Datf|ust in stainless
steel and gold, ;r), the stain
less steel Oysterquart/. Prob
ing today's quart/ disciplines
for tomorrow's precision, the
Rolex Oysterquartz takes
time's ultimate measure. With
its 11-jewel movement and
quartz-linked motor, the new
Oysterquartz with Twinlock
crown is also pressure-proof
down to 165 feet
Catlule
J JlMlklM
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
CARLYLE
HEADQUARTERS FOR
ROLEX
WATCHES
THE ADVANCE OF QUARTZ
TECHNOLOGY, THE ASPECT
OF ROLEX INTEGRITY: THE
OYSTERQUARTZ DATEjUST
Deepen your definition of
timekeeping art with the new
Rolex Oysterquartz Date|ust.
The goal ot high perlormance
electronic technology by
time's masterbuilder, Rolex,
is met in two exceptional
models, each with matching
integral bracelet:(l), the Oys
terquartz Datf|ust in stainless
steel and gold, ;r), the stain
less steel Oysterquart/. Prob
ing today's quart/ disciplines
for tomorrow's precision, the
Rolex Oysterquartz takes
time's ultimate measure. With
its 11-jewel movement and
quartz-linked motor, the new
Oysterquartz with Twinlock
crown is also pressure-proof
down to 165 feet
Catlule
J JlMlklM
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
CARLYLE
HEADQUARTERS FOR
ROLEX
WATCHES
THE ADVANCE OF QUARTZ
TECHNOLOGY, THE ASPECT
OF ROLEX INTEGRITY: THE
OYSTERQUARTZ DATEjUST
Deepen your definition of
timekeeping art with the new
Rolex Oysterquartz Date|ust.
The goal ot high perlormance
electronic technology by
time's masterbuilder, Rolex,
is met in two exceptional
models, each with matching
integral bracelet:(l), the Oys
terquartz Datf|ust in stainless
steel and gold, ;r), the stain
less steel Oysterquart/. Prob
ing today's quart/ disciplines
for tomorrow's precision, the
Rolex Oysterquartz takes
time's ultimate measure. With
its 11-jewel movement and
quartz-linked motor, the new
Oysterquartz with Twinlock
crown is also pressure-proof
down to 165 feet
Catlule
J JlMlklM
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
CARLYLE
HEADQUARTERS FOR
ROLEX
WATCHES
THE ADVANCE OF QUARTZ
TECHNOLOGY, THE ASPECT
OF ROLEX INTEGRITY: THE
OYSTERQUARTZ DATEjUST
Deepen your definition of
timekeeping art with the new
Rolex Oysterquartz Date|ust.
The goal ot high perlormance
electronic technology by
time's masterbuilder, Rolex,
is met in two exceptional
models, each with matching
integral bracelet:(l), the Oys
terquartz Datf|ust in stainless
steel and gold, ;r), the stain
less steel Oysterquart/. Prob
ing today's quart/ disciplines
for tomorrow's precision, the
Rolex Oysterquartz takes
time's ultimate measure. With
its 11-jewel movement and
quartz-linked motor, the new
Oysterquartz with Twinlock
crown is also pressure-proof
down to 165 feet
Catlule
J JlMlklM
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
CARLYLE
HEADQUARTERS FOR
ROLEX
WATCHES
THE ADVANCE OF QUARTZ
TECHNOLOGY, THE ASPECT
OF ROLEX INTEGRITY: THE
OYSTERQUARTZ DATEjUST
Deepen your definition of
timekeeping art with the new
Rolex Oysterquartz Date|ust.
The goal ot high perlormance
electronic technology by
time's masterbuilder, Rolex,
is met in two exceptional
models, each with matching
integral bracelet:(l), the Oys
terquartz Datf|ust in stainless
steel and gold, ;r), the stain
less steel Oysterquart/. Prob
ing today's quart/ disciplines
for tomorrow's precision, the
Rolex Oysterquartz takes
time's ultimate measure. With
its 11-jewel movement and
quartz-linked motor, the new
Oysterquartz with Twinlock
crown is also pressure-proof
down to 165 feet
Catlule
J JlMlklM
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
CARLYLE
HEADQUARTERS FOR
ROLEX
WATCHES
THE ADVANCE OF QUARTZ
TECHNOLOGY, THE ASPECT
OF ROLEX INTEGRITY: THE
OYSTERQUARTZ DATEjUST
Deepen your definition of
timekeeping art with the new
Rolex Oysterquartz Date|ust.
The goal ot high perlormance
electronic technology by
time's masterbuilder, Rolex,
is met in two exceptional
models, each with matching
integral bracelet:(l), the Oys
terquartz Datf|ust in stainless
steel and gold, ;r), the stain
less steel Oysterquart/. Prob
ing today's quart/ disciplines
for tomorrow's precision, the
Rolex Oysterquartz takes
time's ultimate measure. With
its 11-jewel movement and
quartz-linked motor, the new
Oysterquartz with Twinlock
crown is also pressure-proof
down to 165 feet
Catlule
J JlMlklM
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
CARLYLE
HEADQUARTERS FOR
ROLEX
WATCHES
THE ADVANCE OF QUARTZ
TECHNOLOGY, THE ASPECT
OF ROLEX INTEGRITY: THE
OYSTERQUARTZ DATEjUST
Deepen your definition of
timekeeping art with the new
Rolex Oysterquartz Date|ust.
The goal ot high perlormance
electronic technology by
time's masterbuilder, Rolex,
is met in two exceptional
models, each with matching
integral bracelet:(l), the Oys
terquartz Datf|ust in stainless
steel and gold, ;r), the stain
less steel Oysterquart/. Prob
ing today's quart/ disciplines
for tomorrow's precision, the
Rolex Oysterquartz takes
time's ultimate measure. With
its 11-jewel movement and
quartz-linked motor, the new
Oysterquartz with Twinlock
crown is also pressure-proof
down to 165 feet
Catlule
J JlMlklM
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
CARLYLE
HEADQUARTERS FOR
ROLEX
WATCHES
THE ADVANCE OF QUARTZ
TECHNOLOGY, THE ASPECT
OF ROLEX INTEGRITY: THE
OYSTERQUARTZ DATEjUST
Deepen your definition of
timekeeping art with the new
Rolex Oysterquartz Date|ust.
The goal ot high perlormance
electronic technology by
time's masterbuilder, Rolex,
is met in two exceptional
models, each with matching
integral bracelet:(l), the Oys
terquartz Datf|ust in stainless
steel and gold, ;r), the stain
less steel Oysterquart/. Prob
ing today's quart/ disciplines
for tomorrow's precision, the
Rolex Oysterquartz takes
time's ultimate measure. With
its 11-jewel movement and
quartz-linked motor, the new
Oysterquartz with Twinlock
crown is also pressure-proof
down to 165 feet
Catlule
J JlMlklM
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
CARLYLE
HEADQUARTERS FOR
ROLEX
WATCHES
THE ADVANCE OF QUARTZ
TECHNOLOGY, THE ASPECT
OF ROLEX INTEGRITY: THE
OYSTERQUARTZ DATEjUST
Deepen your definition of
timekeeping art with the new
Rolex Oysterquartz Date|ust.
The goal ot high perlormance
electronic technology by
time's masterbuilder, Rolex,
is met in two exceptional
models, each with matching
integral bracelet:(l), the Oys
terquartz Datf|ust in stainless
steel and gold, ;r), the stain
less steel Oysterquart/. Prob
ing today's quart/ disciplines
for tomorrow's precision, the
Rolex Oysterquartz takes
time's ultimate measure. With
its 11-jewel movement and
quartz-linked motor, the new
Oysterquartz with Twinlock
crown is also pressure-proof
down to 165 feet
Catlule
J JlMlklM
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
