# Weather:
## 
### 
Mostly fair through today. Increasing clouds
tonight leading to a chance of rain late tonight
and tomorrow. Lows in the upper 40s and 50s
tonight. Highs in the 60s to low 70s. Southerly
winds today. Chance of rain 20 percent tonight.
Mostly fair through today. Increasing clouds
tonight leading to a chance of rain late tonight
and tomorrow. Lows in the upper 40s and 50s
tonight. Highs in the 60s to low 70s. Southerly
winds today. Chance of rain 20 percent tonight.
Mostly fair through today. Increasing clouds
tonight leading to a chance of rain late tonight
and tomorrow. Lows in the upper 40s and 50s
tonight. Highs in the 60s to low 70s. Southerly
winds today. Chance of rain 20 percent tonight.
Mostly fair through today. Increasing clouds
tonight leading to a chance of rain late tonight
and tomorrow. Lows in the upper 40s and 50s
tonight. Highs in the 60s to low 70s. Southerly
winds today. Chance of rain 20 percent tonight.
Mostly fair through today. Increasing clouds
tonight leading to a chance of rain late tonight
and tomorrow. Lows in the upper 40s and 50s
tonight. Highs in the 60s to low 70s. Southerly
winds today. Chance of rain 20 percent tonight.
Mostly fair through today. Increasing clouds
tonight leading to a chance of rain late tonight
and tomorrow. Lows in the upper 40s and 50s
tonight. Highs in the 60s to low 70s. Southerly
winds today. Chance of rain 20 percent tonight.
Mostly fair through today. Increasing clouds
tonight leading to a chance of rain late tonight
and tomorrow. Lows in the upper 40s and 50s
tonight. Highs in the 60s to low 70s. Southerly
winds today. Chance of rain 20 percent tonight.
Mostly fair through today. Increasing clouds
tonight leading to a chance of rain late tonight
and tomorrow. Lows in the upper 40s and 50s
tonight. Highs in the 60s to low 70s. Southerly
winds today. Chance of rain 20 percent tonight.
Mostly fair through today. Increasing clouds
tonight leading to a chance of rain late tonight
and tomorrow. Lows in the upper 40s and 50s
tonight. Highs in the 60s to low 70s. Southerly
winds today. Chance of rain 20 percent tonight.
