# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—The scenery for the Sophomore
comedy, which will he given in
Assembly Hall January 22d, will
reach here soon. Special scenery
for the play has been ordered, and
is now being manufactured in San
Francisco.
—The scenery for the Sophomore
comedy, which will he given in
Assembly Hall January 22d, will
reach here soon. Special scenery
for the play has been ordered, and
is now being manufactured in San
Francisco.
—The scenery for the Sophomore
comedy, which will he given in
Assembly Hall January 22d, will
reach here soon. Special scenery
for the play has been ordered, and
is now being manufactured in San
Francisco.
—The scenery for the Sophomore
comedy, which will he given in
Assembly Hall January 22d, will
reach here soon. Special scenery
for the play has been ordered, and
is now being manufactured in San
Francisco.
—The scenery for the Sophomore
comedy, which will he given in
Assembly Hall January 22d, will
reach here soon. Special scenery
for the play has been ordered, and
is now being manufactured in San
Francisco.
—The scenery for the Sophomore
comedy, which will he given in
Assembly Hall January 22d, will
reach here soon. Special scenery
for the play has been ordered, and
is now being manufactured in San
Francisco.
—The scenery for the Sophomore
comedy, which will he given in
Assembly Hall January 22d, will
reach here soon. Special scenery
for the play has been ordered, and
is now being manufactured in San
Francisco.
—The scenery for the Sophomore
comedy, which will he given in
Assembly Hall January 22d, will
reach here soon. Special scenery
for the play has been ordered, and
is now being manufactured in San
Francisco.
