# Turkey Dinner Planned For Foreign Students
## 
### 
Foreign students interested in j
spending Thanksgiving in American
homes should leave their names at
the office of Willard Waterous, B- j
22, by Nov. 20.

Families in Palo Alto and the vi
cinity will host students from other
countries for dinner on the after
noon or evening of Thanksgiving,
Foreign students interested in j
spending Thanksgiving in American
homes should leave their names at
the office of Willard Waterous, B- j
22, by Nov. 20.

Families in Palo Alto and the vi
cinity will host students from other
countries for dinner on the after
noon or evening of Thanksgiving,
Foreign students interested in j
spending Thanksgiving in American
homes should leave their names at
the office of Willard Waterous, B- j
22, by Nov. 20.

Families in Palo Alto and the vi
cinity will host students from other
countries for dinner on the after
noon or evening of Thanksgiving,
Foreign students interested in j
spending Thanksgiving in American
homes should leave their names at
the office of Willard Waterous, B- j
22, by Nov. 20.

Families in Palo Alto and the vi
cinity will host students from other
countries for dinner on the after
noon or evening of Thanksgiving,
Foreign students interested in j
spending Thanksgiving in American
homes should leave their names at
the office of Willard Waterous, B- j
22, by Nov. 20.

Families in Palo Alto and the vi
cinity will host students from other
countries for dinner on the after
noon or evening of Thanksgiving,
Foreign students interested in j
spending Thanksgiving in American
homes should leave their names at
the office of Willard Waterous, B- j
22, by Nov. 20.

Families in Palo Alto and the vi
cinity will host students from other
countries for dinner on the after
noon or evening of Thanksgiving,
Foreign students interested in j
spending Thanksgiving in American
homes should leave their names at
the office of Willard Waterous, B- j
22, by Nov. 20.

Families in Palo Alto and the vi
cinity will host students from other
countries for dinner on the after
noon or evening of Thanksgiving,
Foreign students interested in j
spending Thanksgiving in American
homes should leave their names at
the office of Willard Waterous, B- j
22, by Nov. 20.

Families in Palo Alto and the vi
cinity will host students from other
countries for dinner on the after
noon or evening of Thanksgiving,
Foreign students interested in j
spending Thanksgiving in American
homes should leave their names at
the office of Willard Waterous, B- j
22, by Nov. 20.

Families in Palo Alto and the vi
cinity will host students from other
countries for dinner on the after
noon or evening of Thanksgiving,
Foreign students interested in j
spending Thanksgiving in American
homes should leave their names at
the office of Willard Waterous, B- j
22, by Nov. 20.

Families in Palo Alto and the vi
cinity will host students from other
countries for dinner on the after
noon or evening of Thanksgiving,
Foreign students interested in j
spending Thanksgiving in American
homes should leave their names at
the office of Willard Waterous, B- j
22, by Nov. 20.

Families in Palo Alto and the vi
cinity will host students from other
countries for dinner on the after
noon or evening of Thanksgiving,
Foreign students interested in j
spending Thanksgiving in American
homes should leave their names at
the office of Willard Waterous, B- j
22, by Nov. 20.

Families in Palo Alto and the vi
cinity will host students from other
countries for dinner on the after
noon or evening of Thanksgiving,
Foreign students interested in j
spending Thanksgiving in American
homes should leave their names at
the office of Willard Waterous, B- j
22, by Nov. 20.

Families in Palo Alto and the vi
cinity will host students from other
countries for dinner on the after
noon or evening of Thanksgiving,
Foreign students interested in j
spending Thanksgiving in American
homes should leave their names at
the office of Willard Waterous, B- j
22, by Nov. 20.

Families in Palo Alto and the vi
cinity will host students from other
countries for dinner on the after
noon or evening of Thanksgiving,
