# Strike Violence Flares
## 
### 
NEW YORK The American Tel
ephone Mild Telegraph Company
threatened today to hire replace
ments for long distance operators
who refuse to cross hit - and - run
picket lines sot up by striking
phone equipment workers in their
six-day-old strike for higher wages.
In Philadelphia, the first real vio
lence of the strike occurred when
strikers battled police for 45 fhin
utes to keep operators from report
ing to work. Several women oper
ators were bruised and 11 pickets
were arrested on charges of inciting
to riot.
NEW YORK The American Tel
ephone Mild Telegraph Company
threatened today to hire replace
ments for long distance operators
who refuse to cross hit - and - run
picket lines sot up by striking
phone equipment workers in their
six-day-old strike for higher wages.
In Philadelphia, the first real vio
lence of the strike occurred when
strikers battled police for 45 fhin
utes to keep operators from report
ing to work. Several women oper
ators were bruised and 11 pickets
were arrested on charges of inciting
to riot.
NEW YORK The American Tel
ephone Mild Telegraph Company
threatened today to hire replace
ments for long distance operators
who refuse to cross hit - and - run
picket lines sot up by striking
phone equipment workers in their
six-day-old strike for higher wages.
In Philadelphia, the first real vio
lence of the strike occurred when
strikers battled police for 45 fhin
utes to keep operators from report
ing to work. Several women oper
ators were bruised and 11 pickets
were arrested on charges of inciting
to riot.
NEW YORK The American Tel
ephone Mild Telegraph Company
threatened today to hire replace
ments for long distance operators
who refuse to cross hit - and - run
picket lines sot up by striking
phone equipment workers in their
six-day-old strike for higher wages.
In Philadelphia, the first real vio
lence of the strike occurred when
strikers battled police for 45 fhin
utes to keep operators from report
ing to work. Several women oper
ators were bruised and 11 pickets
were arrested on charges of inciting
to riot.
NEW YORK The American Tel
ephone Mild Telegraph Company
threatened today to hire replace
ments for long distance operators
who refuse to cross hit - and - run
picket lines sot up by striking
phone equipment workers in their
six-day-old strike for higher wages.
In Philadelphia, the first real vio
lence of the strike occurred when
strikers battled police for 45 fhin
utes to keep operators from report
ing to work. Several women oper
ators were bruised and 11 pickets
were arrested on charges of inciting
to riot.
NEW YORK The American Tel
ephone Mild Telegraph Company
threatened today to hire replace
ments for long distance operators
who refuse to cross hit - and - run
picket lines sot up by striking
phone equipment workers in their
six-day-old strike for higher wages.
In Philadelphia, the first real vio
lence of the strike occurred when
strikers battled police for 45 fhin
utes to keep operators from report
ing to work. Several women oper
ators were bruised and 11 pickets
were arrested on charges of inciting
to riot.
NEW YORK The American Tel
ephone Mild Telegraph Company
threatened today to hire replace
ments for long distance operators
who refuse to cross hit - and - run
picket lines sot up by striking
phone equipment workers in their
six-day-old strike for higher wages.
In Philadelphia, the first real vio
lence of the strike occurred when
strikers battled police for 45 fhin
utes to keep operators from report
ing to work. Several women oper
ators were bruised and 11 pickets
were arrested on charges of inciting
to riot.
NEW YORK The American Tel
ephone Mild Telegraph Company
threatened today to hire replace
ments for long distance operators
who refuse to cross hit - and - run
picket lines sot up by striking
phone equipment workers in their
six-day-old strike for higher wages.
In Philadelphia, the first real vio
lence of the strike occurred when
strikers battled police for 45 fhin
utes to keep operators from report
ing to work. Several women oper
ators were bruised and 11 pickets
were arrested on charges of inciting
to riot.
NEW YORK The American Tel
ephone Mild Telegraph Company
threatened today to hire replace
ments for long distance operators
who refuse to cross hit - and - run
picket lines sot up by striking
phone equipment workers in their
six-day-old strike for higher wages.
In Philadelphia, the first real vio
lence of the strike occurred when
strikers battled police for 45 fhin
utes to keep operators from report
ing to work. Several women oper
ators were bruised and 11 pickets
were arrested on charges of inciting
to riot.
NEW YORK The American Tel
ephone Mild Telegraph Company
threatened today to hire replace
ments for long distance operators
who refuse to cross hit - and - run
picket lines sot up by striking
phone equipment workers in their
six-day-old strike for higher wages.
In Philadelphia, the first real vio
lence of the strike occurred when
strikers battled police for 45 fhin
utes to keep operators from report
ing to work. Several women oper
ators were bruised and 11 pickets
were arrested on charges of inciting
to riot.
NEW YORK The American Tel
ephone Mild Telegraph Company
threatened today to hire replace
ments for long distance operators
who refuse to cross hit - and - run
picket lines sot up by striking
phone equipment workers in their
six-day-old strike for higher wages.
In Philadelphia, the first real vio
lence of the strike occurred when
strikers battled police for 45 fhin
utes to keep operators from report
ing to work. Several women oper
ators were bruised and 11 pickets
were arrested on charges of inciting
to riot.
NEW YORK The American Tel
ephone Mild Telegraph Company
threatened today to hire replace
ments for long distance operators
who refuse to cross hit - and - run
picket lines sot up by striking
phone equipment workers in their
six-day-old strike for higher wages.
In Philadelphia, the first real vio
lence of the strike occurred when
strikers battled police for 45 fhin
utes to keep operators from report
ing to work. Several women oper
ators were bruised and 11 pickets
were arrested on charges of inciting
to riot.
NEW YORK The American Tel
ephone Mild Telegraph Company
threatened today to hire replace
ments for long distance operators
who refuse to cross hit - and - run
picket lines sot up by striking
phone equipment workers in their
six-day-old strike for higher wages.
In Philadelphia, the first real vio
lence of the strike occurred when
strikers battled police for 45 fhin
utes to keep operators from report
ing to work. Several women oper
ators were bruised and 11 pickets
were arrested on charges of inciting
to riot.
NEW YORK The American Tel
ephone Mild Telegraph Company
threatened today to hire replace
ments for long distance operators
who refuse to cross hit - and - run
picket lines sot up by striking
phone equipment workers in their
six-day-old strike for higher wages.
In Philadelphia, the first real vio
lence of the strike occurred when
strikers battled police for 45 fhin
utes to keep operators from report
ing to work. Several women oper
ators were bruised and 11 pickets
were arrested on charges of inciting
to riot.
