# STANFORD HILLEL
## 
### 
Moses Lasky is guest speaker at
tonight's Hillel meeting at 8 in the
auditorium of the Women's Club
house.
Moses Lasky is guest speaker at
tonight's Hillel meeting at 8 in the
auditorium of the Women's Club
house.
Moses Lasky is guest speaker at
tonight's Hillel meeting at 8 in the
auditorium of the Women's Club
house.
Moses Lasky is guest speaker at
tonight's Hillel meeting at 8 in the
auditorium of the Women's Club
house.
Moses Lasky is guest speaker at
tonight's Hillel meeting at 8 in the
auditorium of the Women's Club
house.
Moses Lasky is guest speaker at
tonight's Hillel meeting at 8 in the
auditorium of the Women's Club
house.
Moses Lasky is guest speaker at
tonight's Hillel meeting at 8 in the
auditorium of the Women's Club
house.
Moses Lasky is guest speaker at
tonight's Hillel meeting at 8 in the
auditorium of the Women's Club
house.
Moses Lasky is guest speaker at
tonight's Hillel meeting at 8 in the
auditorium of the Women's Club
house.
Moses Lasky is guest speaker at
tonight's Hillel meeting at 8 in the
auditorium of the Women's Club
house.
Moses Lasky is guest speaker at
tonight's Hillel meeting at 8 in the
auditorium of the Women's Club
house.
Moses Lasky is guest speaker at
tonight's Hillel meeting at 8 in the
auditorium of the Women's Club
house.
Moses Lasky is guest speaker at
tonight's Hillel meeting at 8 in the
auditorium of the Women's Club
house.
Moses Lasky is guest speaker at
tonight's Hillel meeting at 8 in the
auditorium of the Women's Club
house.
