# CANDLELIGHT SERVICE
## 
### 
Candlelight service will be held
at 9 p.m. in Memorial Church.
Candlelight service will be held
at 9 p.m. in Memorial Church.
Candlelight service will be held
at 9 p.m. in Memorial Church.
Candlelight service will be held
at 9 p.m. in Memorial Church.
Candlelight service will be held
at 9 p.m. in Memorial Church.
Candlelight service will be held
at 9 p.m. in Memorial Church.
Candlelight service will be held
at 9 p.m. in Memorial Church.
Candlelight service will be held
at 9 p.m. in Memorial Church.
Candlelight service will be held
at 9 p.m. in Memorial Church.
Candlelight service will be held
at 9 p.m. in Memorial Church.
Candlelight service will be held
at 9 p.m. in Memorial Church.
Candlelight service will be held
at 9 p.m. in Memorial Church.
Candlelight service will be held
at 9 p.m. in Memorial Church.
Candlelight service will be held
at 9 p.m. in Memorial Church.
