# Fencing Tournament Postponed.
## 
### 
Owing to the Intercollegiate con
tests scheduled for Saturday, the wo
men's annual foil competition has
been postponed until Thursday, April
14. This tournament is for the col
lege championship as well as for the
medal. The honors last year were
won by Miss E. Johnson, '09. The en
tries are the Misses T. M. Power, R.
M. Bennett, H. Flickinger, M. Flickin
ger, D. Slawson, B. Haig, F. Wood
head, L. Cross, E. A. Swift, E. Borough,
and G. Davis.
During the bouts, Prof. Ware and
Instructor Maloney will compete in an
exhibition bout with the foils. Prof.
Ware is to act as director of the con
tests while the judges will be A. Tay
lor and H. V. Poor.
The tournament will be held in En
cina gymnasium at 3:30, and all in
terested are invited to attend.
Owing to the Intercollegiate con
tests scheduled for Saturday, the wo
men's annual foil competition has
been postponed until Thursday, April
14. This tournament is for the col
lege championship as well as for the
medal. The honors last year were
won by Miss E. Johnson, '09. The en
tries are the Misses T. M. Power, R.
M. Bennett, H. Flickinger, M. Flickin
ger, D. Slawson, B. Haig, F. Wood
head, L. Cross, E. A. Swift, E. Borough,
and G. Davis.
During the bouts, Prof. Ware and
Instructor Maloney will compete in an
exhibition bout with the foils. Prof.
Ware is to act as director of the con
tests while the judges will be A. Tay
lor and H. V. Poor.
The tournament will be held in En
cina gymnasium at 3:30, and all in
terested are invited to attend.
Owing to the Intercollegiate con
tests scheduled for Saturday, the wo
men's annual foil competition has
been postponed until Thursday, April
14. This tournament is for the col
lege championship as well as for the
medal. The honors last year were
won by Miss E. Johnson, '09. The en
tries are the Misses T. M. Power, R.
M. Bennett, H. Flickinger, M. Flickin
ger, D. Slawson, B. Haig, F. Wood
head, L. Cross, E. A. Swift, E. Borough,
and G. Davis.
During the bouts, Prof. Ware and
Instructor Maloney will compete in an
exhibition bout with the foils. Prof.
Ware is to act as director of the con
tests while the judges will be A. Tay
lor and H. V. Poor.
The tournament will be held in En
cina gymnasium at 3:30, and all in
terested are invited to attend.
Owing to the Intercollegiate con
tests scheduled for Saturday, the wo
men's annual foil competition has
been postponed until Thursday, April
14. This tournament is for the col
lege championship as well as for the
medal. The honors last year were
won by Miss E. Johnson, '09. The en
tries are the Misses T. M. Power, R.
M. Bennett, H. Flickinger, M. Flickin
ger, D. Slawson, B. Haig, F. Wood
head, L. Cross, E. A. Swift, E. Borough,
and G. Davis.
During the bouts, Prof. Ware and
Instructor Maloney will compete in an
exhibition bout with the foils. Prof.
Ware is to act as director of the con
tests while the judges will be A. Tay
lor and H. V. Poor.
The tournament will be held in En
cina gymnasium at 3:30, and all in
terested are invited to attend.
Owing to the Intercollegiate con
tests scheduled for Saturday, the wo
men's annual foil competition has
been postponed until Thursday, April
14. This tournament is for the col
lege championship as well as for the
medal. The honors last year were
won by Miss E. Johnson, '09. The en
tries are the Misses T. M. Power, R.
M. Bennett, H. Flickinger, M. Flickin
ger, D. Slawson, B. Haig, F. Wood
head, L. Cross, E. A. Swift, E. Borough,
and G. Davis.
During the bouts, Prof. Ware and
Instructor Maloney will compete in an
exhibition bout with the foils. Prof.
Ware is to act as director of the con
tests while the judges will be A. Tay
lor and H. V. Poor.
The tournament will be held in En
cina gymnasium at 3:30, and all in
terested are invited to attend.
Owing to the Intercollegiate con
tests scheduled for Saturday, the wo
men's annual foil competition has
been postponed until Thursday, April
14. This tournament is for the col
lege championship as well as for the
medal. The honors last year were
won by Miss E. Johnson, '09. The en
tries are the Misses T. M. Power, R.
M. Bennett, H. Flickinger, M. Flickin
ger, D. Slawson, B. Haig, F. Wood
head, L. Cross, E. A. Swift, E. Borough,
and G. Davis.
During the bouts, Prof. Ware and
Instructor Maloney will compete in an
exhibition bout with the foils. Prof.
Ware is to act as director of the con
tests while the judges will be A. Tay
lor and H. V. Poor.
The tournament will be held in En
cina gymnasium at 3:30, and all in
terested are invited to attend.
Owing to the Intercollegiate con
tests scheduled for Saturday, the wo
men's annual foil competition has
been postponed until Thursday, April
14. This tournament is for the col
lege championship as well as for the
medal. The honors last year were
won by Miss E. Johnson, '09. The en
tries are the Misses T. M. Power, R.
M. Bennett, H. Flickinger, M. Flickin
ger, D. Slawson, B. Haig, F. Wood
head, L. Cross, E. A. Swift, E. Borough,
and G. Davis.
During the bouts, Prof. Ware and
Instructor Maloney will compete in an
exhibition bout with the foils. Prof.
Ware is to act as director of the con
tests while the judges will be A. Tay
lor and H. V. Poor.
The tournament will be held in En
cina gymnasium at 3:30, and all in
terested are invited to attend.
Owing to the Intercollegiate con
tests scheduled for Saturday, the wo
men's annual foil competition has
been postponed until Thursday, April
14. This tournament is for the col
lege championship as well as for the
medal. The honors last year were
won by Miss E. Johnson, '09. The en
tries are the Misses T. M. Power, R.
M. Bennett, H. Flickinger, M. Flickin
ger, D. Slawson, B. Haig, F. Wood
head, L. Cross, E. A. Swift, E. Borough,
and G. Davis.
During the bouts, Prof. Ware and
Instructor Maloney will compete in an
exhibition bout with the foils. Prof.
Ware is to act as director of the con
tests while the judges will be A. Tay
lor and H. V. Poor.
The tournament will be held in En
cina gymnasium at 3:30, and all in
terested are invited to attend.
Owing to the Intercollegiate con
tests scheduled for Saturday, the wo
men's annual foil competition has
been postponed until Thursday, April
14. This tournament is for the col
lege championship as well as for the
medal. The honors last year were
won by Miss E. Johnson, '09. The en
tries are the Misses T. M. Power, R.
M. Bennett, H. Flickinger, M. Flickin
ger, D. Slawson, B. Haig, F. Wood
head, L. Cross, E. A. Swift, E. Borough,
and G. Davis.
During the bouts, Prof. Ware and
Instructor Maloney will compete in an
exhibition bout with the foils. Prof.
Ware is to act as director of the con
tests while the judges will be A. Tay
lor and H. V. Poor.
The tournament will be held in En
cina gymnasium at 3:30, and all in
terested are invited to attend.
Owing to the Intercollegiate con
tests scheduled for Saturday, the wo
men's annual foil competition has
been postponed until Thursday, April
14. This tournament is for the col
lege championship as well as for the
medal. The honors last year were
won by Miss E. Johnson, '09. The en
tries are the Misses T. M. Power, R.
M. Bennett, H. Flickinger, M. Flickin
ger, D. Slawson, B. Haig, F. Wood
head, L. Cross, E. A. Swift, E. Borough,
and G. Davis.
During the bouts, Prof. Ware and
Instructor Maloney will compete in an
exhibition bout with the foils. Prof.
Ware is to act as director of the con
tests while the judges will be A. Tay
lor and H. V. Poor.
The tournament will be held in En
cina gymnasium at 3:30, and all in
terested are invited to attend.
Owing to the Intercollegiate con
tests scheduled for Saturday, the wo
men's annual foil competition has
been postponed until Thursday, April
14. This tournament is for the col
lege championship as well as for the
medal. The honors last year were
won by Miss E. Johnson, '09. The en
tries are the Misses T. M. Power, R.
M. Bennett, H. Flickinger, M. Flickin
ger, D. Slawson, B. Haig, F. Wood
head, L. Cross, E. A. Swift, E. Borough,
and G. Davis.
During the bouts, Prof. Ware and
Instructor Maloney will compete in an
exhibition bout with the foils. Prof.
Ware is to act as director of the con
tests while the judges will be A. Tay
lor and H. V. Poor.
The tournament will be held in En
cina gymnasium at 3:30, and all in
terested are invited to attend.
