# Will Play Before the Sailors.
## 
### 
Ten members from the different
Stanford musical organizations, ac
companied by Dr. Gardner, journeyed
to San Francisco this afternoon. This
evening they will give a concert be
fore the Seamen's Institute of that
city.
Ten members from the different
Stanford musical organizations, ac
companied by Dr. Gardner, journeyed
to San Francisco this afternoon. This
evening they will give a concert be
fore the Seamen's Institute of that
city.
Ten members from the different
Stanford musical organizations, ac
companied by Dr. Gardner, journeyed
to San Francisco this afternoon. This
evening they will give a concert be
fore the Seamen's Institute of that
city.
Ten members from the different
Stanford musical organizations, ac
companied by Dr. Gardner, journeyed
to San Francisco this afternoon. This
evening they will give a concert be
fore the Seamen's Institute of that
city.
Ten members from the different
Stanford musical organizations, ac
companied by Dr. Gardner, journeyed
to San Francisco this afternoon. This
evening they will give a concert be
fore the Seamen's Institute of that
city.
Ten members from the different
Stanford musical organizations, ac
companied by Dr. Gardner, journeyed
to San Francisco this afternoon. This
evening they will give a concert be
fore the Seamen's Institute of that
city.
Ten members from the different
Stanford musical organizations, ac
companied by Dr. Gardner, journeyed
to San Francisco this afternoon. This
evening they will give a concert be
fore the Seamen's Institute of that
city.
Ten members from the different
Stanford musical organizations, ac
companied by Dr. Gardner, journeyed
to San Francisco this afternoon. This
evening they will give a concert be
fore the Seamen's Institute of that
city.
Ten members from the different
Stanford musical organizations, ac
companied by Dr. Gardner, journeyed
to San Francisco this afternoon. This
evening they will give a concert be
fore the Seamen's Institute of that
city.
Ten members from the different
Stanford musical organizations, ac
companied by Dr. Gardner, journeyed
to San Francisco this afternoon. This
evening they will give a concert be
fore the Seamen's Institute of that
city.
Ten members from the different
Stanford musical organizations, ac
companied by Dr. Gardner, journeyed
to San Francisco this afternoon. This
evening they will give a concert be
fore the Seamen's Institute of that
city.
