# Telegram Calls Gilfillan South.
## 
### 
S. W. Gilfillan, '12, Varsity pitcher,
was called to Los Angeles yesterday
afternoon by the serious illness of his
sister, whose condition as noted in a
telegram, was understood to be ex
tremely pecarious. The probabilities
are that Gilfillan may not be able to
return to the campus in time for the
deciding game of the California series
Saturday. Gilfillan left on the Sunset
Express at 4 o'clock yesterday after
noon.
S. W. Gilfillan, '12, Varsity pitcher,
was called to Los Angeles yesterday
afternoon by the serious illness of his
sister, whose condition as noted in a
telegram, was understood to be ex
tremely pecarious. The probabilities
are that Gilfillan may not be able to
return to the campus in time for the
deciding game of the California series
Saturday. Gilfillan left on the Sunset
Express at 4 o'clock yesterday after
noon.
S. W. Gilfillan, '12, Varsity pitcher,
was called to Los Angeles yesterday
afternoon by the serious illness of his
sister, whose condition as noted in a
telegram, was understood to be ex
tremely pecarious. The probabilities
are that Gilfillan may not be able to
return to the campus in time for the
deciding game of the California series
Saturday. Gilfillan left on the Sunset
Express at 4 o'clock yesterday after
noon.
S. W. Gilfillan, '12, Varsity pitcher,
was called to Los Angeles yesterday
afternoon by the serious illness of his
sister, whose condition as noted in a
telegram, was understood to be ex
tremely pecarious. The probabilities
are that Gilfillan may not be able to
return to the campus in time for the
deciding game of the California series
Saturday. Gilfillan left on the Sunset
Express at 4 o'clock yesterday after
noon.
S. W. Gilfillan, '12, Varsity pitcher,
was called to Los Angeles yesterday
afternoon by the serious illness of his
sister, whose condition as noted in a
telegram, was understood to be ex
tremely pecarious. The probabilities
are that Gilfillan may not be able to
return to the campus in time for the
deciding game of the California series
Saturday. Gilfillan left on the Sunset
Express at 4 o'clock yesterday after
noon.
S. W. Gilfillan, '12, Varsity pitcher,
was called to Los Angeles yesterday
afternoon by the serious illness of his
sister, whose condition as noted in a
telegram, was understood to be ex
tremely pecarious. The probabilities
are that Gilfillan may not be able to
return to the campus in time for the
deciding game of the California series
Saturday. Gilfillan left on the Sunset
Express at 4 o'clock yesterday after
noon.
S. W. Gilfillan, '12, Varsity pitcher,
was called to Los Angeles yesterday
afternoon by the serious illness of his
sister, whose condition as noted in a
telegram, was understood to be ex
tremely pecarious. The probabilities
are that Gilfillan may not be able to
return to the campus in time for the
deciding game of the California series
Saturday. Gilfillan left on the Sunset
Express at 4 o'clock yesterday after
noon.
S. W. Gilfillan, '12, Varsity pitcher,
was called to Los Angeles yesterday
afternoon by the serious illness of his
sister, whose condition as noted in a
telegram, was understood to be ex
tremely pecarious. The probabilities
are that Gilfillan may not be able to
return to the campus in time for the
deciding game of the California series
Saturday. Gilfillan left on the Sunset
Express at 4 o'clock yesterday after
noon.
S. W. Gilfillan, '12, Varsity pitcher,
was called to Los Angeles yesterday
afternoon by the serious illness of his
sister, whose condition as noted in a
telegram, was understood to be ex
tremely pecarious. The probabilities
are that Gilfillan may not be able to
return to the campus in time for the
deciding game of the California series
Saturday. Gilfillan left on the Sunset
Express at 4 o'clock yesterday after
noon.
S. W. Gilfillan, '12, Varsity pitcher,
was called to Los Angeles yesterday
afternoon by the serious illness of his
sister, whose condition as noted in a
telegram, was understood to be ex
tremely pecarious. The probabilities
are that Gilfillan may not be able to
return to the campus in time for the
deciding game of the California series
Saturday. Gilfillan left on the Sunset
Express at 4 o'clock yesterday after
noon.
S. W. Gilfillan, '12, Varsity pitcher,
was called to Los Angeles yesterday
afternoon by the serious illness of his
sister, whose condition as noted in a
telegram, was understood to be ex
tremely pecarious. The probabilities
are that Gilfillan may not be able to
return to the campus in time for the
deciding game of the California series
Saturday. Gilfillan left on the Sunset
Express at 4 o'clock yesterday after
noon.
