# Flugel and Hempl to Speak.
## 
### 
At the next meeting of the Philolog
ical Association which will be held on
Thursday evening in room 31, two in
teresting papers will be read. The
first by Prof. Flugel is a "Report on
the Chaucer Dictionary" and the sec
ond is a treatise by Prof. Hempl on
"Some Venetic Inscriptions." The
meeting will be called promptly at 8
o'clock.
At the next meeting of the Philolog
ical Association which will be held on
Thursday evening in room 31, two in
teresting papers will be read. The
first by Prof. Flugel is a "Report on
the Chaucer Dictionary" and the sec
ond is a treatise by Prof. Hempl on
"Some Venetic Inscriptions." The
meeting will be called promptly at 8
o'clock.
At the next meeting of the Philolog
ical Association which will be held on
Thursday evening in room 31, two in
teresting papers will be read. The
first by Prof. Flugel is a "Report on
the Chaucer Dictionary" and the sec
ond is a treatise by Prof. Hempl on
"Some Venetic Inscriptions." The
meeting will be called promptly at 8
o'clock.
At the next meeting of the Philolog
ical Association which will be held on
Thursday evening in room 31, two in
teresting papers will be read. The
first by Prof. Flugel is a "Report on
the Chaucer Dictionary" and the sec
ond is a treatise by Prof. Hempl on
"Some Venetic Inscriptions." The
meeting will be called promptly at 8
o'clock.
At the next meeting of the Philolog
ical Association which will be held on
Thursday evening in room 31, two in
teresting papers will be read. The
first by Prof. Flugel is a "Report on
the Chaucer Dictionary" and the sec
ond is a treatise by Prof. Hempl on
"Some Venetic Inscriptions." The
meeting will be called promptly at 8
o'clock.
At the next meeting of the Philolog
ical Association which will be held on
Thursday evening in room 31, two in
teresting papers will be read. The
first by Prof. Flugel is a "Report on
the Chaucer Dictionary" and the sec
ond is a treatise by Prof. Hempl on
"Some Venetic Inscriptions." The
meeting will be called promptly at 8
o'clock.
At the next meeting of the Philolog
ical Association which will be held on
Thursday evening in room 31, two in
teresting papers will be read. The
first by Prof. Flugel is a "Report on
the Chaucer Dictionary" and the sec
ond is a treatise by Prof. Hempl on
"Some Venetic Inscriptions." The
meeting will be called promptly at 8
o'clock.
At the next meeting of the Philolog
ical Association which will be held on
Thursday evening in room 31, two in
teresting papers will be read. The
first by Prof. Flugel is a "Report on
the Chaucer Dictionary" and the sec
ond is a treatise by Prof. Hempl on
"Some Venetic Inscriptions." The
meeting will be called promptly at 8
o'clock.
At the next meeting of the Philolog
ical Association which will be held on
Thursday evening in room 31, two in
teresting papers will be read. The
first by Prof. Flugel is a "Report on
the Chaucer Dictionary" and the sec
ond is a treatise by Prof. Hempl on
"Some Venetic Inscriptions." The
meeting will be called promptly at 8
o'clock.
At the next meeting of the Philolog
ical Association which will be held on
Thursday evening in room 31, two in
teresting papers will be read. The
first by Prof. Flugel is a "Report on
the Chaucer Dictionary" and the sec
ond is a treatise by Prof. Hempl on
"Some Venetic Inscriptions." The
meeting will be called promptly at 8
o'clock.
At the next meeting of the Philolog
ical Association which will be held on
Thursday evening in room 31, two in
teresting papers will be read. The
first by Prof. Flugel is a "Report on
the Chaucer Dictionary" and the sec
ond is a treatise by Prof. Hempl on
"Some Venetic Inscriptions." The
meeting will be called promptly at 8
o'clock.
