# Alden to Lecture.
## 
### 
At 2::><» tomorrow, lr room L'l t. Pro
fessor Alden will show and explain
some lantren slides illustrating the
London, particularly the theatres of
Shakespeare's time.
At 2::><» tomorrow, lr room L'l t. Pro
fessor Alden will show and explain
some lantren slides illustrating the
London, particularly the theatres of
Shakespeare's time.
At 2::><» tomorrow, lr room L'l t. Pro
fessor Alden will show and explain
some lantren slides illustrating the
London, particularly the theatres of
Shakespeare's time.
At 2::><» tomorrow, lr room L'l t. Pro
fessor Alden will show and explain
some lantren slides illustrating the
London, particularly the theatres of
Shakespeare's time.
At 2::><» tomorrow, lr room L'l t. Pro
fessor Alden will show and explain
some lantren slides illustrating the
London, particularly the theatres of
Shakespeare's time.
At 2::><» tomorrow, lr room L'l t. Pro
fessor Alden will show and explain
some lantren slides illustrating the
London, particularly the theatres of
Shakespeare's time.
At 2::><» tomorrow, lr room L'l t. Pro
fessor Alden will show and explain
some lantren slides illustrating the
London, particularly the theatres of
Shakespeare's time.
At 2::><» tomorrow, lr room L'l t. Pro
fessor Alden will show and explain
some lantren slides illustrating the
London, particularly the theatres of
Shakespeare's time.
At 2::><» tomorrow, lr room L'l t. Pro
fessor Alden will show and explain
some lantren slides illustrating the
London, particularly the theatres of
Shakespeare's time.
At 2::><» tomorrow, lr room L'l t. Pro
fessor Alden will show and explain
some lantren slides illustrating the
London, particularly the theatres of
Shakespeare's time.
At 2::><» tomorrow, lr room L'l t. Pro
fessor Alden will show and explain
some lantren slides illustrating the
London, particularly the theatres of
Shakespeare's time.
