# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The athletic committee of Y;ile has
recommended the expenditure of
$1,000,000 for improvements at the
athletic field of the University.
The athletic committee of Y;ile has
recommended the expenditure of
$1,000,000 for improvements at the
athletic field of the University.
The athletic committee of Y;ile has
recommended the expenditure of
$1,000,000 for improvements at the
athletic field of the University.
The athletic committee of Y;ile has
recommended the expenditure of
$1,000,000 for improvements at the
athletic field of the University.
The athletic committee of Y;ile has
recommended the expenditure of
$1,000,000 for improvements at the
athletic field of the University.
The athletic committee of Y;ile has
recommended the expenditure of
$1,000,000 for improvements at the
athletic field of the University.
The athletic committee of Y;ile has
recommended the expenditure of
$1,000,000 for improvements at the
athletic field of the University.
The athletic committee of Y;ile has
recommended the expenditure of
$1,000,000 for improvements at the
athletic field of the University.
The athletic committee of Y;ile has
recommended the expenditure of
$1,000,000 for improvements at the
athletic field of the University.
The athletic committee of Y;ile has
recommended the expenditure of
$1,000,000 for improvements at the
athletic field of the University.
The athletic committee of Y;ile has
recommended the expenditure of
$1,000,000 for improvements at the
athletic field of the University.
The athletic committee of Y;ile has
recommended the expenditure of
$1,000,000 for improvements at the
athletic field of the University.
The athletic committee of Y;ile has
recommended the expenditure of
$1,000,000 for improvements at the
athletic field of the University.
