# Student Volunteers Meet At San Anselmo Saturday
## 
### 
The Stanford delegation to the an
nual Student Volunteer Union Retreat
will leave Saturday morning for San
Anselmo, where the convention is to be
held. Sixteen men will represent the
Stanford Student Volunteers at this
conference.
Several missionary speakers are on the
program for the two-day meeting, which
begins at 2 p. m. Saturday and lasts un
til 4 p. m. Sunday. At 10:30 Sunday
morning the entire assemblage will take
a short hike into the hills of Marin
County.
The Stanford delegation to the an
nual Student Volunteer Union Retreat
will leave Saturday morning for San
Anselmo, where the convention is to be
held. Sixteen men will represent the
Stanford Student Volunteers at this
conference.
Several missionary speakers are on the
program for the two-day meeting, which
begins at 2 p. m. Saturday and lasts un
til 4 p. m. Sunday. At 10:30 Sunday
morning the entire assemblage will take
a short hike into the hills of Marin
County.
The Stanford delegation to the an
nual Student Volunteer Union Retreat
will leave Saturday morning for San
Anselmo, where the convention is to be
held. Sixteen men will represent the
Stanford Student Volunteers at this
conference.
Several missionary speakers are on the
program for the two-day meeting, which
begins at 2 p. m. Saturday and lasts un
til 4 p. m. Sunday. At 10:30 Sunday
morning the entire assemblage will take
a short hike into the hills of Marin
County.
The Stanford delegation to the an
nual Student Volunteer Union Retreat
will leave Saturday morning for San
Anselmo, where the convention is to be
held. Sixteen men will represent the
Stanford Student Volunteers at this
conference.
Several missionary speakers are on the
program for the two-day meeting, which
begins at 2 p. m. Saturday and lasts un
til 4 p. m. Sunday. At 10:30 Sunday
morning the entire assemblage will take
a short hike into the hills of Marin
County.
The Stanford delegation to the an
nual Student Volunteer Union Retreat
will leave Saturday morning for San
Anselmo, where the convention is to be
held. Sixteen men will represent the
Stanford Student Volunteers at this
conference.
Several missionary speakers are on the
program for the two-day meeting, which
begins at 2 p. m. Saturday and lasts un
til 4 p. m. Sunday. At 10:30 Sunday
morning the entire assemblage will take
a short hike into the hills of Marin
County.
The Stanford delegation to the an
nual Student Volunteer Union Retreat
will leave Saturday morning for San
Anselmo, where the convention is to be
held. Sixteen men will represent the
Stanford Student Volunteers at this
conference.
Several missionary speakers are on the
program for the two-day meeting, which
begins at 2 p. m. Saturday and lasts un
til 4 p. m. Sunday. At 10:30 Sunday
morning the entire assemblage will take
a short hike into the hills of Marin
County.
The Stanford delegation to the an
nual Student Volunteer Union Retreat
will leave Saturday morning for San
Anselmo, where the convention is to be
held. Sixteen men will represent the
Stanford Student Volunteers at this
conference.
Several missionary speakers are on the
program for the two-day meeting, which
begins at 2 p. m. Saturday and lasts un
til 4 p. m. Sunday. At 10:30 Sunday
morning the entire assemblage will take
a short hike into the hills of Marin
County.
The Stanford delegation to the an
nual Student Volunteer Union Retreat
will leave Saturday morning for San
Anselmo, where the convention is to be
held. Sixteen men will represent the
Stanford Student Volunteers at this
conference.
Several missionary speakers are on the
program for the two-day meeting, which
begins at 2 p. m. Saturday and lasts un
til 4 p. m. Sunday. At 10:30 Sunday
morning the entire assemblage will take
a short hike into the hills of Marin
County.
The Stanford delegation to the an
nual Student Volunteer Union Retreat
will leave Saturday morning for San
Anselmo, where the convention is to be
held. Sixteen men will represent the
Stanford Student Volunteers at this
conference.
Several missionary speakers are on the
program for the two-day meeting, which
begins at 2 p. m. Saturday and lasts un
til 4 p. m. Sunday. At 10:30 Sunday
morning the entire assemblage will take
a short hike into the hills of Marin
County.
The Stanford delegation to the an
nual Student Volunteer Union Retreat
will leave Saturday morning for San
Anselmo, where the convention is to be
held. Sixteen men will represent the
Stanford Student Volunteers at this
conference.
Several missionary speakers are on the
program for the two-day meeting, which
begins at 2 p. m. Saturday and lasts un
til 4 p. m. Sunday. At 10:30 Sunday
morning the entire assemblage will take
a short hike into the hills of Marin
County.
The Stanford delegation to the an
nual Student Volunteer Union Retreat
will leave Saturday morning for San
Anselmo, where the convention is to be
held. Sixteen men will represent the
Stanford Student Volunteers at this
conference.
Several missionary speakers are on the
program for the two-day meeting, which
begins at 2 p. m. Saturday and lasts un
til 4 p. m. Sunday. At 10:30 Sunday
morning the entire assemblage will take
a short hike into the hills of Marin
County.
The Stanford delegation to the an
nual Student Volunteer Union Retreat
will leave Saturday morning for San
Anselmo, where the convention is to be
held. Sixteen men will represent the
Stanford Student Volunteers at this
conference.
Several missionary speakers are on the
program for the two-day meeting, which
begins at 2 p. m. Saturday and lasts un
til 4 p. m. Sunday. At 10:30 Sunday
morning the entire assemblage will take
a short hike into the hills of Marin
County.
The Stanford delegation to the an
nual Student Volunteer Union Retreat
will leave Saturday morning for San
Anselmo, where the convention is to be
held. Sixteen men will represent the
Stanford Student Volunteers at this
conference.
Several missionary speakers are on the
program for the two-day meeting, which
begins at 2 p. m. Saturday and lasts un
til 4 p. m. Sunday. At 10:30 Sunday
morning the entire assemblage will take
a short hike into the hills of Marin
County.
The Stanford delegation to the an
nual Student Volunteer Union Retreat
will leave Saturday morning for San
Anselmo, where the convention is to be
held. Sixteen men will represent the
Stanford Student Volunteers at this
conference.
Several missionary speakers are on the
program for the two-day meeting, which
begins at 2 p. m. Saturday and lasts un
til 4 p. m. Sunday. At 10:30 Sunday
morning the entire assemblage will take
a short hike into the hills of Marin
County.
The Stanford delegation to the an
nual Student Volunteer Union Retreat
will leave Saturday morning for San
Anselmo, where the convention is to be
held. Sixteen men will represent the
Stanford Student Volunteers at this
conference.
Several missionary speakers are on the
program for the two-day meeting, which
begins at 2 p. m. Saturday and lasts un
til 4 p. m. Sunday. At 10:30 Sunday
morning the entire assemblage will take
a short hike into the hills of Marin
County.
