# FOUR NOMINATIONS FILED FOR STUDENT OFFICERS FIRST DAY
## 
### 
1 hrec nominations for class officers
and one for sophomore member on the
Executive Committee had been filed at
noon today.
Charles White and Fred Fisher have
been nominated for president of the
junior class, Williard L. Johnson for
treasurer of the senior class, and Nor
man Dole for sophomore representative
on the Executive Committee.
Nominations opened this morning and
will remain open until noon Monday.
The box has been placed in front of the
Romanic Languages building and nomi
nations may be filed at any time. With
drawals will be accepted until 9 p. m.
Monday and may be filed in the box.
NOMINATIONS
I hereby nominate Charles White for
president of the Class of 1924.— H. G.
Symonds.
I hereby nominate Fred Fisher for
president of the Class of 1924.— H. B.
Rorke.
I hereby nominate Norman Dole for
sophomore representative on the Execu
tive Committee.—Dave Oliva.
I hereby nominate Williard L. Johnson
for treasurer of the Class of 1923.—
William G. Burkhard.
1 hrec nominations for class officers
and one for sophomore member on the
Executive Committee had been filed at
noon today.
Charles White and Fred Fisher have
been nominated for president of the
junior class, Williard L. Johnson for
treasurer of the senior class, and Nor
man Dole for sophomore representative
on the Executive Committee.
Nominations opened this morning and
will remain open until noon Monday.
The box has been placed in front of the
Romanic Languages building and nomi
nations may be filed at any time. With
drawals will be accepted until 9 p. m.
Monday and may be filed in the box.
NOMINATIONS
I hereby nominate Charles White for
president of the Class of 1924.— H. G.
Symonds.
I hereby nominate Fred Fisher for
president of the Class of 1924.— H. B.
Rorke.
I hereby nominate Norman Dole for
sophomore representative on the Execu
tive Committee.—Dave Oliva.
I hereby nominate Williard L. Johnson
for treasurer of the Class of 1923.—
William G. Burkhard.
1 hrec nominations for class officers
and one for sophomore member on the
Executive Committee had been filed at
noon today.
Charles White and Fred Fisher have
been nominated for president of the
junior class, Williard L. Johnson for
treasurer of the senior class, and Nor
man Dole for sophomore representative
on the Executive Committee.
Nominations opened this morning and
will remain open until noon Monday.
The box has been placed in front of the
Romanic Languages building and nomi
nations may be filed at any time. With
drawals will be accepted until 9 p. m.
Monday and may be filed in the box.
NOMINATIONS
I hereby nominate Charles White for
president of the Class of 1924.— H. G.
Symonds.
I hereby nominate Fred Fisher for
president of the Class of 1924.— H. B.
Rorke.
I hereby nominate Norman Dole for
sophomore representative on the Execu
tive Committee.—Dave Oliva.
I hereby nominate Williard L. Johnson
for treasurer of the Class of 1923.—
William G. Burkhard.
1 hrec nominations for class officers
and one for sophomore member on the
Executive Committee had been filed at
noon today.
Charles White and Fred Fisher have
been nominated for president of the
junior class, Williard L. Johnson for
treasurer of the senior class, and Nor
man Dole for sophomore representative
on the Executive Committee.
Nominations opened this morning and
will remain open until noon Monday.
The box has been placed in front of the
Romanic Languages building and nomi
nations may be filed at any time. With
drawals will be accepted until 9 p. m.
Monday and may be filed in the box.
NOMINATIONS
I hereby nominate Charles White for
president of the Class of 1924.— H. G.
Symonds.
I hereby nominate Fred Fisher for
president of the Class of 1924.— H. B.
Rorke.
I hereby nominate Norman Dole for
sophomore representative on the Execu
tive Committee.—Dave Oliva.
I hereby nominate Williard L. Johnson
for treasurer of the Class of 1923.—
William G. Burkhard.
1 hrec nominations for class officers
and one for sophomore member on the
Executive Committee had been filed at
noon today.
Charles White and Fred Fisher have
been nominated for president of the
junior class, Williard L. Johnson for
treasurer of the senior class, and Nor
man Dole for sophomore representative
on the Executive Committee.
Nominations opened this morning and
will remain open until noon Monday.
The box has been placed in front of the
Romanic Languages building and nomi
nations may be filed at any time. With
drawals will be accepted until 9 p. m.
Monday and may be filed in the box.
NOMINATIONS
I hereby nominate Charles White for
president of the Class of 1924.— H. G.
Symonds.
I hereby nominate Fred Fisher for
president of the Class of 1924.— H. B.
Rorke.
I hereby nominate Norman Dole for
sophomore representative on the Execu
tive Committee.—Dave Oliva.
I hereby nominate Williard L. Johnson
for treasurer of the Class of 1923.—
William G. Burkhard.
1 hrec nominations for class officers
and one for sophomore member on the
Executive Committee had been filed at
noon today.
Charles White and Fred Fisher have
been nominated for president of the
junior class, Williard L. Johnson for
treasurer of the senior class, and Nor
man Dole for sophomore representative
on the Executive Committee.
Nominations opened this morning and
will remain open until noon Monday.
The box has been placed in front of the
Romanic Languages building and nomi
nations may be filed at any time. With
drawals will be accepted until 9 p. m.
Monday and may be filed in the box.
NOMINATIONS
I hereby nominate Charles White for
president of the Class of 1924.— H. G.
Symonds.
I hereby nominate Fred Fisher for
president of the Class of 1924.— H. B.
Rorke.
I hereby nominate Norman Dole for
sophomore representative on the Execu
tive Committee.—Dave Oliva.
I hereby nominate Williard L. Johnson
for treasurer of the Class of 1923.—
William G. Burkhard.
1 hrec nominations for class officers
and one for sophomore member on the
Executive Committee had been filed at
noon today.
Charles White and Fred Fisher have
been nominated for president of the
junior class, Williard L. Johnson for
treasurer of the senior class, and Nor
man Dole for sophomore representative
on the Executive Committee.
Nominations opened this morning and
will remain open until noon Monday.
The box has been placed in front of the
Romanic Languages building and nomi
nations may be filed at any time. With
drawals will be accepted until 9 p. m.
Monday and may be filed in the box.
NOMINATIONS
I hereby nominate Charles White for
president of the Class of 1924.— H. G.
Symonds.
I hereby nominate Fred Fisher for
president of the Class of 1924.— H. B.
Rorke.
I hereby nominate Norman Dole for
sophomore representative on the Execu
tive Committee.—Dave Oliva.
I hereby nominate Williard L. Johnson
for treasurer of the Class of 1923.—
William G. Burkhard.
1 hrec nominations for class officers
and one for sophomore member on the
Executive Committee had been filed at
noon today.
Charles White and Fred Fisher have
been nominated for president of the
junior class, Williard L. Johnson for
treasurer of the senior class, and Nor
man Dole for sophomore representative
on the Executive Committee.
Nominations opened this morning and
will remain open until noon Monday.
The box has been placed in front of the
Romanic Languages building and nomi
nations may be filed at any time. With
drawals will be accepted until 9 p. m.
Monday and may be filed in the box.
NOMINATIONS
I hereby nominate Charles White for
president of the Class of 1924.— H. G.
Symonds.
I hereby nominate Fred Fisher for
president of the Class of 1924.— H. B.
Rorke.
I hereby nominate Norman Dole for
sophomore representative on the Execu
tive Committee.—Dave Oliva.
I hereby nominate Williard L. Johnson
for treasurer of the Class of 1923.—
William G. Burkhard.
1 hrec nominations for class officers
and one for sophomore member on the
Executive Committee had been filed at
noon today.
Charles White and Fred Fisher have
been nominated for president of the
junior class, Williard L. Johnson for
treasurer of the senior class, and Nor
man Dole for sophomore representative
on the Executive Committee.
Nominations opened this morning and
will remain open until noon Monday.
The box has been placed in front of the
Romanic Languages building and nomi
nations may be filed at any time. With
drawals will be accepted until 9 p. m.
Monday and may be filed in the box.
NOMINATIONS
I hereby nominate Charles White for
president of the Class of 1924.— H. G.
Symonds.
I hereby nominate Fred Fisher for
president of the Class of 1924.— H. B.
Rorke.
I hereby nominate Norman Dole for
sophomore representative on the Execu
tive Committee.—Dave Oliva.
I hereby nominate Williard L. Johnson
for treasurer of the Class of 1923.—
William G. Burkhard.
1 hrec nominations for class officers
and one for sophomore member on the
Executive Committee had been filed at
noon today.
Charles White and Fred Fisher have
been nominated for president of the
junior class, Williard L. Johnson for
treasurer of the senior class, and Nor
man Dole for sophomore representative
on the Executive Committee.
Nominations opened this morning and
will remain open until noon Monday.
The box has been placed in front of the
Romanic Languages building and nomi
nations may be filed at any time. With
drawals will be accepted until 9 p. m.
Monday and may be filed in the box.
NOMINATIONS
I hereby nominate Charles White for
president of the Class of 1924.— H. G.
Symonds.
I hereby nominate Fred Fisher for
president of the Class of 1924.— H. B.
Rorke.
I hereby nominate Norman Dole for
sophomore representative on the Execu
tive Committee.—Dave Oliva.
I hereby nominate Williard L. Johnson
for treasurer of the Class of 1923.—
William G. Burkhard.
1 hrec nominations for class officers
and one for sophomore member on the
Executive Committee had been filed at
noon today.
Charles White and Fred Fisher have
been nominated for president of the
junior class, Williard L. Johnson for
treasurer of the senior class, and Nor
man Dole for sophomore representative
on the Executive Committee.
Nominations opened this morning and
will remain open until noon Monday.
The box has been placed in front of the
Romanic Languages building and nomi
nations may be filed at any time. With
drawals will be accepted until 9 p. m.
Monday and may be filed in the box.
NOMINATIONS
I hereby nominate Charles White for
president of the Class of 1924.— H. G.
Symonds.
I hereby nominate Fred Fisher for
president of the Class of 1924.— H. B.
Rorke.
I hereby nominate Norman Dole for
sophomore representative on the Execu
tive Committee.—Dave Oliva.
I hereby nominate Williard L. Johnson
for treasurer of the Class of 1923.—
William G. Burkhard.
1 hrec nominations for class officers
and one for sophomore member on the
Executive Committee had been filed at
noon today.
Charles White and Fred Fisher have
been nominated for president of the
junior class, Williard L. Johnson for
treasurer of the senior class, and Nor
man Dole for sophomore representative
on the Executive Committee.
Nominations opened this morning and
will remain open until noon Monday.
The box has been placed in front of the
Romanic Languages building and nomi
nations may be filed at any time. With
drawals will be accepted until 9 p. m.
Monday and may be filed in the box.
NOMINATIONS
I hereby nominate Charles White for
president of the Class of 1924.— H. G.
Symonds.
I hereby nominate Fred Fisher for
president of the Class of 1924.— H. B.
Rorke.
I hereby nominate Norman Dole for
sophomore representative on the Execu
tive Committee.—Dave Oliva.
I hereby nominate Williard L. Johnson
for treasurer of the Class of 1923.—
William G. Burkhard.
1 hrec nominations for class officers
and one for sophomore member on the
Executive Committee had been filed at
noon today.
Charles White and Fred Fisher have
been nominated for president of the
junior class, Williard L. Johnson for
treasurer of the senior class, and Nor
man Dole for sophomore representative
on the Executive Committee.
Nominations opened this morning and
will remain open until noon Monday.
The box has been placed in front of the
Romanic Languages building and nomi
nations may be filed at any time. With
drawals will be accepted until 9 p. m.
Monday and may be filed in the box.
NOMINATIONS
I hereby nominate Charles White for
president of the Class of 1924.— H. G.
Symonds.
I hereby nominate Fred Fisher for
president of the Class of 1924.— H. B.
Rorke.
I hereby nominate Norman Dole for
sophomore representative on the Execu
tive Committee.—Dave Oliva.
I hereby nominate Williard L. Johnson
for treasurer of the Class of 1923.—
William G. Burkhard.
1 hrec nominations for class officers
and one for sophomore member on the
Executive Committee had been filed at
noon today.
Charles White and Fred Fisher have
been nominated for president of the
junior class, Williard L. Johnson for
treasurer of the senior class, and Nor
man Dole for sophomore representative
on the Executive Committee.
Nominations opened this morning and
will remain open until noon Monday.
The box has been placed in front of the
Romanic Languages building and nomi
nations may be filed at any time. With
drawals will be accepted until 9 p. m.
Monday and may be filed in the box.
NOMINATIONS
I hereby nominate Charles White for
president of the Class of 1924.— H. G.
Symonds.
I hereby nominate Fred Fisher for
president of the Class of 1924.— H. B.
Rorke.
I hereby nominate Norman Dole for
sophomore representative on the Execu
tive Committee.—Dave Oliva.
I hereby nominate Williard L. Johnson
for treasurer of the Class of 1923.—
William G. Burkhard.
1 hrec nominations for class officers
and one for sophomore member on the
Executive Committee had been filed at
noon today.
Charles White and Fred Fisher have
been nominated for president of the
junior class, Williard L. Johnson for
treasurer of the senior class, and Nor
man Dole for sophomore representative
on the Executive Committee.
Nominations opened this morning and
will remain open until noon Monday.
The box has been placed in front of the
Romanic Languages building and nomi
nations may be filed at any time. With
drawals will be accepted until 9 p. m.
Monday and may be filed in the box.
NOMINATIONS
I hereby nominate Charles White for
president of the Class of 1924.— H. G.
Symonds.
I hereby nominate Fred Fisher for
president of the Class of 1924.— H. B.
Rorke.
I hereby nominate Norman Dole for
sophomore representative on the Execu
tive Committee.—Dave Oliva.
I hereby nominate Williard L. Johnson
for treasurer of the Class of 1923.—
William G. Burkhard.
