# Sun. Date for WAA Party
## 
### 
The W.A.A. open house, set for
Sunday afternoon from 2 to 5, will
be held rain or shine, Pat Cashell,
W.A.A. president, announced last
night.
'*We are planning games, sports,
and dancing that will be fun for ev
eryone," Miss Cashell said. "If it
rains, however, we will make ar
rangements for indoor sports and
dancing, so put on your boots and
come anyway."
Volleyball, softball, tennis, ping
pong, social dancing, and folk danc
ing are planned. They will continue
all afternoon, so guests may come
over at any time from 2 to 5. Par
ticularly good tennis is promised for
spectators, as tournament matches
'ill be played off during the after
noon.
The open house will be held in the
Women's Gym, and is an informal,
all-campus playday. Soldiers, girls,
and civilian men are all invited.
The W.A.A. open house, set for
Sunday afternoon from 2 to 5, will
be held rain or shine, Pat Cashell,
W.A.A. president, announced last
night.
'*We are planning games, sports,
and dancing that will be fun for ev
eryone," Miss Cashell said. "If it
rains, however, we will make ar
rangements for indoor sports and
dancing, so put on your boots and
come anyway."
Volleyball, softball, tennis, ping
pong, social dancing, and folk danc
ing are planned. They will continue
all afternoon, so guests may come
over at any time from 2 to 5. Par
ticularly good tennis is promised for
spectators, as tournament matches
'ill be played off during the after
noon.
The open house will be held in the
Women's Gym, and is an informal,
all-campus playday. Soldiers, girls,
and civilian men are all invited.
The W.A.A. open house, set for
Sunday afternoon from 2 to 5, will
be held rain or shine, Pat Cashell,
W.A.A. president, announced last
night.
'*We are planning games, sports,
and dancing that will be fun for ev
eryone," Miss Cashell said. "If it
rains, however, we will make ar
rangements for indoor sports and
dancing, so put on your boots and
come anyway."
Volleyball, softball, tennis, ping
pong, social dancing, and folk danc
ing are planned. They will continue
all afternoon, so guests may come
over at any time from 2 to 5. Par
ticularly good tennis is promised for
spectators, as tournament matches
'ill be played off during the after
noon.
The open house will be held in the
Women's Gym, and is an informal,
all-campus playday. Soldiers, girls,
and civilian men are all invited.
The W.A.A. open house, set for
Sunday afternoon from 2 to 5, will
be held rain or shine, Pat Cashell,
W.A.A. president, announced last
night.
'*We are planning games, sports,
and dancing that will be fun for ev
eryone," Miss Cashell said. "If it
rains, however, we will make ar
rangements for indoor sports and
dancing, so put on your boots and
come anyway."
Volleyball, softball, tennis, ping
pong, social dancing, and folk danc
ing are planned. They will continue
all afternoon, so guests may come
over at any time from 2 to 5. Par
ticularly good tennis is promised for
spectators, as tournament matches
'ill be played off during the after
noon.
The open house will be held in the
Women's Gym, and is an informal,
all-campus playday. Soldiers, girls,
and civilian men are all invited.
The W.A.A. open house, set for
Sunday afternoon from 2 to 5, will
be held rain or shine, Pat Cashell,
W.A.A. president, announced last
night.
'*We are planning games, sports,
and dancing that will be fun for ev
eryone," Miss Cashell said. "If it
rains, however, we will make ar
rangements for indoor sports and
dancing, so put on your boots and
come anyway."
Volleyball, softball, tennis, ping
pong, social dancing, and folk danc
ing are planned. They will continue
all afternoon, so guests may come
over at any time from 2 to 5. Par
ticularly good tennis is promised for
spectators, as tournament matches
'ill be played off during the after
noon.
The open house will be held in the
Women's Gym, and is an informal,
all-campus playday. Soldiers, girls,
and civilian men are all invited.
The W.A.A. open house, set for
Sunday afternoon from 2 to 5, will
be held rain or shine, Pat Cashell,
W.A.A. president, announced last
night.
'*We are planning games, sports,
and dancing that will be fun for ev
eryone," Miss Cashell said. "If it
rains, however, we will make ar
rangements for indoor sports and
dancing, so put on your boots and
come anyway."
Volleyball, softball, tennis, ping
pong, social dancing, and folk danc
ing are planned. They will continue
all afternoon, so guests may come
over at any time from 2 to 5. Par
ticularly good tennis is promised for
spectators, as tournament matches
'ill be played off during the after
noon.
The open house will be held in the
Women's Gym, and is an informal,
all-campus playday. Soldiers, girls,
and civilian men are all invited.
The W.A.A. open house, set for
Sunday afternoon from 2 to 5, will
be held rain or shine, Pat Cashell,
W.A.A. president, announced last
night.
'*We are planning games, sports,
and dancing that will be fun for ev
eryone," Miss Cashell said. "If it
rains, however, we will make ar
rangements for indoor sports and
dancing, so put on your boots and
come anyway."
Volleyball, softball, tennis, ping
pong, social dancing, and folk danc
ing are planned. They will continue
all afternoon, so guests may come
over at any time from 2 to 5. Par
ticularly good tennis is promised for
spectators, as tournament matches
'ill be played off during the after
noon.
The open house will be held in the
Women's Gym, and is an informal,
all-campus playday. Soldiers, girls,
and civilian men are all invited.
The W.A.A. open house, set for
Sunday afternoon from 2 to 5, will
be held rain or shine, Pat Cashell,
W.A.A. president, announced last
night.
'*We are planning games, sports,
and dancing that will be fun for ev
eryone," Miss Cashell said. "If it
rains, however, we will make ar
rangements for indoor sports and
dancing, so put on your boots and
come anyway."
Volleyball, softball, tennis, ping
pong, social dancing, and folk danc
ing are planned. They will continue
all afternoon, so guests may come
over at any time from 2 to 5. Par
ticularly good tennis is promised for
spectators, as tournament matches
'ill be played off during the after
noon.
The open house will be held in the
Women's Gym, and is an informal,
all-campus playday. Soldiers, girls,
and civilian men are all invited.
The W.A.A. open house, set for
Sunday afternoon from 2 to 5, will
be held rain or shine, Pat Cashell,
W.A.A. president, announced last
night.
'*We are planning games, sports,
and dancing that will be fun for ev
eryone," Miss Cashell said. "If it
rains, however, we will make ar
rangements for indoor sports and
dancing, so put on your boots and
come anyway."
Volleyball, softball, tennis, ping
pong, social dancing, and folk danc
ing are planned. They will continue
all afternoon, so guests may come
over at any time from 2 to 5. Par
ticularly good tennis is promised for
spectators, as tournament matches
'ill be played off during the after
noon.
The open house will be held in the
Women's Gym, and is an informal,
all-campus playday. Soldiers, girls,
and civilian men are all invited.
The W.A.A. open house, set for
Sunday afternoon from 2 to 5, will
be held rain or shine, Pat Cashell,
W.A.A. president, announced last
night.
'*We are planning games, sports,
and dancing that will be fun for ev
eryone," Miss Cashell said. "If it
rains, however, we will make ar
rangements for indoor sports and
dancing, so put on your boots and
come anyway."
Volleyball, softball, tennis, ping
pong, social dancing, and folk danc
ing are planned. They will continue
all afternoon, so guests may come
over at any time from 2 to 5. Par
ticularly good tennis is promised for
spectators, as tournament matches
'ill be played off during the after
noon.
The open house will be held in the
Women's Gym, and is an informal,
all-campus playday. Soldiers, girls,
and civilian men are all invited.
The W.A.A. open house, set for
Sunday afternoon from 2 to 5, will
be held rain or shine, Pat Cashell,
W.A.A. president, announced last
night.
'*We are planning games, sports,
and dancing that will be fun for ev
eryone," Miss Cashell said. "If it
rains, however, we will make ar
rangements for indoor sports and
dancing, so put on your boots and
come anyway."
Volleyball, softball, tennis, ping
pong, social dancing, and folk danc
ing are planned. They will continue
all afternoon, so guests may come
over at any time from 2 to 5. Par
ticularly good tennis is promised for
spectators, as tournament matches
'ill be played off during the after
noon.
The open house will be held in the
Women's Gym, and is an informal,
all-campus playday. Soldiers, girls,
and civilian men are all invited.
The W.A.A. open house, set for
Sunday afternoon from 2 to 5, will
be held rain or shine, Pat Cashell,
W.A.A. president, announced last
night.
'*We are planning games, sports,
and dancing that will be fun for ev
eryone," Miss Cashell said. "If it
rains, however, we will make ar
rangements for indoor sports and
dancing, so put on your boots and
come anyway."
Volleyball, softball, tennis, ping
pong, social dancing, and folk danc
ing are planned. They will continue
all afternoon, so guests may come
over at any time from 2 to 5. Par
ticularly good tennis is promised for
spectators, as tournament matches
'ill be played off during the after
noon.
The open house will be held in the
Women's Gym, and is an informal,
all-campus playday. Soldiers, girls,
and civilian men are all invited.
The W.A.A. open house, set for
Sunday afternoon from 2 to 5, will
be held rain or shine, Pat Cashell,
W.A.A. president, announced last
night.
'*We are planning games, sports,
and dancing that will be fun for ev
eryone," Miss Cashell said. "If it
rains, however, we will make ar
rangements for indoor sports and
dancing, so put on your boots and
come anyway."
Volleyball, softball, tennis, ping
pong, social dancing, and folk danc
ing are planned. They will continue
all afternoon, so guests may come
over at any time from 2 to 5. Par
ticularly good tennis is promised for
spectators, as tournament matches
'ill be played off during the after
noon.
The open house will be held in the
Women's Gym, and is an informal,
all-campus playday. Soldiers, girls,
and civilian men are all invited.
The W.A.A. open house, set for
Sunday afternoon from 2 to 5, will
be held rain or shine, Pat Cashell,
W.A.A. president, announced last
night.
'*We are planning games, sports,
and dancing that will be fun for ev
eryone," Miss Cashell said. "If it
rains, however, we will make ar
rangements for indoor sports and
dancing, so put on your boots and
come anyway."
Volleyball, softball, tennis, ping
pong, social dancing, and folk danc
ing are planned. They will continue
all afternoon, so guests may come
over at any time from 2 to 5. Par
ticularly good tennis is promised for
spectators, as tournament matches
'ill be played off during the after
noon.
The open house will be held in the
Women's Gym, and is an informal,
all-campus playday. Soldiers, girls,
and civilian men are all invited.
The W.A.A. open house, set for
Sunday afternoon from 2 to 5, will
be held rain or shine, Pat Cashell,
W.A.A. president, announced last
night.
'*We are planning games, sports,
and dancing that will be fun for ev
eryone," Miss Cashell said. "If it
rains, however, we will make ar
rangements for indoor sports and
dancing, so put on your boots and
come anyway."
Volleyball, softball, tennis, ping
pong, social dancing, and folk danc
ing are planned. They will continue
all afternoon, so guests may come
over at any time from 2 to 5. Par
ticularly good tennis is promised for
spectators, as tournament matches
'ill be played off during the after
noon.
The open house will be held in the
Women's Gym, and is an informal,
all-campus playday. Soldiers, girls,
and civilian men are all invited.
The W.A.A. open house, set for
Sunday afternoon from 2 to 5, will
be held rain or shine, Pat Cashell,
W.A.A. president, announced last
night.
'*We are planning games, sports,
and dancing that will be fun for ev
eryone," Miss Cashell said. "If it
rains, however, we will make ar
rangements for indoor sports and
dancing, so put on your boots and
come anyway."
Volleyball, softball, tennis, ping
pong, social dancing, and folk danc
ing are planned. They will continue
all afternoon, so guests may come
over at any time from 2 to 5. Par
ticularly good tennis is promised for
spectators, as tournament matches
'ill be played off during the after
noon.
The open house will be held in the
Women's Gym, and is an informal,
all-campus playday. Soldiers, girls,
and civilian men are all invited.
The W.A.A. open house, set for
Sunday afternoon from 2 to 5, will
be held rain or shine, Pat Cashell,
W.A.A. president, announced last
night.
'*We are planning games, sports,
and dancing that will be fun for ev
eryone," Miss Cashell said. "If it
rains, however, we will make ar
rangements for indoor sports and
dancing, so put on your boots and
come anyway."
Volleyball, softball, tennis, ping
pong, social dancing, and folk danc
ing are planned. They will continue
all afternoon, so guests may come
over at any time from 2 to 5. Par
ticularly good tennis is promised for
spectators, as tournament matches
'ill be played off during the after
noon.
The open house will be held in the
Women's Gym, and is an informal,
all-campus playday. Soldiers, girls,
and civilian men are all invited.
