# Application for Tuition Notes Due Next Week
## 
### 
New applications or renewals
for undergraduate or graduate
tuition notes for Winter Quarter
must lie made in the Dean of
Men's or Dean of Women's office
next week, Monday through Fri
day.
Applications for student - aid
grants for next quarter should
also be filed next week. Applica
tion blanks may lie secured at
the information window of the
Registrar's office or from Mr.
Winbigler's office. Room 1(!1.
New applications or renewals
for undergraduate or graduate
tuition notes for Winter Quarter
must lie made in the Dean of
Men's or Dean of Women's office
next week, Monday through Fri
day.
Applications for student - aid
grants for next quarter should
also be filed next week. Applica
tion blanks may lie secured at
the information window of the
Registrar's office or from Mr.
Winbigler's office. Room 1(!1.
New applications or renewals
for undergraduate or graduate
tuition notes for Winter Quarter
must lie made in the Dean of
Men's or Dean of Women's office
next week, Monday through Fri
day.
Applications for student - aid
grants for next quarter should
also be filed next week. Applica
tion blanks may lie secured at
the information window of the
Registrar's office or from Mr.
Winbigler's office. Room 1(!1.
New applications or renewals
for undergraduate or graduate
tuition notes for Winter Quarter
must lie made in the Dean of
Men's or Dean of Women's office
next week, Monday through Fri
day.
Applications for student - aid
grants for next quarter should
also be filed next week. Applica
tion blanks may lie secured at
the information window of the
Registrar's office or from Mr.
Winbigler's office. Room 1(!1.
New applications or renewals
for undergraduate or graduate
tuition notes for Winter Quarter
must lie made in the Dean of
Men's or Dean of Women's office
next week, Monday through Fri
day.
Applications for student - aid
grants for next quarter should
also be filed next week. Applica
tion blanks may lie secured at
the information window of the
Registrar's office or from Mr.
Winbigler's office. Room 1(!1.
New applications or renewals
for undergraduate or graduate
tuition notes for Winter Quarter
must lie made in the Dean of
Men's or Dean of Women's office
next week, Monday through Fri
day.
Applications for student - aid
grants for next quarter should
also be filed next week. Applica
tion blanks may lie secured at
the information window of the
Registrar's office or from Mr.
Winbigler's office. Room 1(!1.
New applications or renewals
for undergraduate or graduate
tuition notes for Winter Quarter
must lie made in the Dean of
Men's or Dean of Women's office
next week, Monday through Fri
day.
Applications for student - aid
grants for next quarter should
also be filed next week. Applica
tion blanks may lie secured at
the information window of the
Registrar's office or from Mr.
Winbigler's office. Room 1(!1.
New applications or renewals
for undergraduate or graduate
tuition notes for Winter Quarter
must lie made in the Dean of
Men's or Dean of Women's office
next week, Monday through Fri
day.
Applications for student - aid
grants for next quarter should
also be filed next week. Applica
tion blanks may lie secured at
the information window of the
Registrar's office or from Mr.
Winbigler's office. Room 1(!1.
New applications or renewals
for undergraduate or graduate
tuition notes for Winter Quarter
must lie made in the Dean of
Men's or Dean of Women's office
next week, Monday through Fri
day.
Applications for student - aid
grants for next quarter should
also be filed next week. Applica
tion blanks may lie secured at
the information window of the
Registrar's office or from Mr.
Winbigler's office. Room 1(!1.
New applications or renewals
for undergraduate or graduate
tuition notes for Winter Quarter
must lie made in the Dean of
Men's or Dean of Women's office
next week, Monday through Fri
day.
Applications for student - aid
grants for next quarter should
also be filed next week. Applica
tion blanks may lie secured at
the information window of the
Registrar's office or from Mr.
Winbigler's office. Room 1(!1.
New applications or renewals
for undergraduate or graduate
tuition notes for Winter Quarter
must lie made in the Dean of
Men's or Dean of Women's office
next week, Monday through Fri
day.
Applications for student - aid
grants for next quarter should
also be filed next week. Applica
tion blanks may lie secured at
the information window of the
Registrar's office or from Mr.
Winbigler's office. Room 1(!1.
New applications or renewals
for undergraduate or graduate
tuition notes for Winter Quarter
must lie made in the Dean of
Men's or Dean of Women's office
next week, Monday through Fri
day.
Applications for student - aid
grants for next quarter should
also be filed next week. Applica
tion blanks may lie secured at
the information window of the
Registrar's office or from Mr.
Winbigler's office. Room 1(!1.
New applications or renewals
for undergraduate or graduate
tuition notes for Winter Quarter
must lie made in the Dean of
Men's or Dean of Women's office
next week, Monday through Fri
day.
Applications for student - aid
grants for next quarter should
also be filed next week. Applica
tion blanks may lie secured at
the information window of the
Registrar's office or from Mr.
Winbigler's office. Room 1(!1.
New applications or renewals
for undergraduate or graduate
tuition notes for Winter Quarter
must lie made in the Dean of
Men's or Dean of Women's office
next week, Monday through Fri
day.
Applications for student - aid
grants for next quarter should
also be filed next week. Applica
tion blanks may lie secured at
the information window of the
Registrar's office or from Mr.
Winbigler's office. Room 1(!1.
New applications or renewals
for undergraduate or graduate
tuition notes for Winter Quarter
must lie made in the Dean of
Men's or Dean of Women's office
next week, Monday through Fri
day.
Applications for student - aid
grants for next quarter should
also be filed next week. Applica
tion blanks may lie secured at
the information window of the
Registrar's office or from Mr.
Winbigler's office. Room 1(!1.
New applications or renewals
for undergraduate or graduate
tuition notes for Winter Quarter
must lie made in the Dean of
Men's or Dean of Women's office
next week, Monday through Fri
day.
Applications for student - aid
grants for next quarter should
also be filed next week. Applica
tion blanks may lie secured at
the information window of the
Registrar's office or from Mr.
Winbigler's office. Room 1(!1.
New applications or renewals
for undergraduate or graduate
tuition notes for Winter Quarter
must lie made in the Dean of
Men's or Dean of Women's office
next week, Monday through Fri
day.
Applications for student - aid
grants for next quarter should
also be filed next week. Applica
tion blanks may lie secured at
the information window of the
Registrar's office or from Mr.
Winbigler's office. Room 1(!1.
