# SECOND ROUND DOUBLES
## 
### 
All second round matches for the
Mixed Doubles Tennis Tournament,
must be played by this Sunday, ac
cording to Janet Busse, president of
the Tennis Club. Matches are to be
be played on the courts of the wom
en's gym.
All second round matches for the
Mixed Doubles Tennis Tournament,
must be played by this Sunday, ac
cording to Janet Busse, president of
the Tennis Club. Matches are to be
be played on the courts of the wom
en's gym.
All second round matches for the
Mixed Doubles Tennis Tournament,
must be played by this Sunday, ac
cording to Janet Busse, president of
the Tennis Club. Matches are to be
be played on the courts of the wom
en's gym.
All second round matches for the
Mixed Doubles Tennis Tournament,
must be played by this Sunday, ac
cording to Janet Busse, president of
the Tennis Club. Matches are to be
be played on the courts of the wom
en's gym.
All second round matches for the
Mixed Doubles Tennis Tournament,
must be played by this Sunday, ac
cording to Janet Busse, president of
the Tennis Club. Matches are to be
be played on the courts of the wom
en's gym.
All second round matches for the
Mixed Doubles Tennis Tournament,
must be played by this Sunday, ac
cording to Janet Busse, president of
the Tennis Club. Matches are to be
be played on the courts of the wom
en's gym.
All second round matches for the
Mixed Doubles Tennis Tournament,
must be played by this Sunday, ac
cording to Janet Busse, president of
the Tennis Club. Matches are to be
be played on the courts of the wom
en's gym.
All second round matches for the
Mixed Doubles Tennis Tournament,
must be played by this Sunday, ac
cording to Janet Busse, president of
the Tennis Club. Matches are to be
be played on the courts of the wom
en's gym.
All second round matches for the
Mixed Doubles Tennis Tournament,
must be played by this Sunday, ac
cording to Janet Busse, president of
the Tennis Club. Matches are to be
be played on the courts of the wom
en's gym.
All second round matches for the
Mixed Doubles Tennis Tournament,
must be played by this Sunday, ac
cording to Janet Busse, president of
the Tennis Club. Matches are to be
be played on the courts of the wom
en's gym.
All second round matches for the
Mixed Doubles Tennis Tournament,
must be played by this Sunday, ac
cording to Janet Busse, president of
the Tennis Club. Matches are to be
be played on the courts of the wom
en's gym.
All second round matches for the
Mixed Doubles Tennis Tournament,
must be played by this Sunday, ac
cording to Janet Busse, president of
the Tennis Club. Matches are to be
be played on the courts of the wom
en's gym.
All second round matches for the
Mixed Doubles Tennis Tournament,
must be played by this Sunday, ac
cording to Janet Busse, president of
the Tennis Club. Matches are to be
be played on the courts of the wom
en's gym.
All second round matches for the
Mixed Doubles Tennis Tournament,
must be played by this Sunday, ac
cording to Janet Busse, president of
the Tennis Club. Matches are to be
be played on the courts of the wom
en's gym.
All second round matches for the
Mixed Doubles Tennis Tournament,
must be played by this Sunday, ac
cording to Janet Busse, president of
the Tennis Club. Matches are to be
be played on the courts of the wom
en's gym.
All second round matches for the
Mixed Doubles Tennis Tournament,
must be played by this Sunday, ac
cording to Janet Busse, president of
the Tennis Club. Matches are to be
be played on the courts of the wom
en's gym.
All second round matches for the
Mixed Doubles Tennis Tournament,
must be played by this Sunday, ac
cording to Janet Busse, president of
the Tennis Club. Matches are to be
be played on the courts of the wom
en's gym.
