# Untitled Article
## 
### 
All German soldiers who cross
Warsaw receive from their supe
riors cards with the following warn
ing: "Be on your guard; there is
danger of attack. Watch your arms
and equipment. Do not go out alone
after dusk."
All German soldiers who cross
Warsaw receive from their supe
riors cards with the following warn
ing: "Be on your guard; there is
danger of attack. Watch your arms
and equipment. Do not go out alone
after dusk."
All German soldiers who cross
Warsaw receive from their supe
riors cards with the following warn
ing: "Be on your guard; there is
danger of attack. Watch your arms
and equipment. Do not go out alone
after dusk."
All German soldiers who cross
Warsaw receive from their supe
riors cards with the following warn
ing: "Be on your guard; there is
danger of attack. Watch your arms
and equipment. Do not go out alone
after dusk."
All German soldiers who cross
Warsaw receive from their supe
riors cards with the following warn
ing: "Be on your guard; there is
danger of attack. Watch your arms
and equipment. Do not go out alone
after dusk."
All German soldiers who cross
Warsaw receive from their supe
riors cards with the following warn
ing: "Be on your guard; there is
danger of attack. Watch your arms
and equipment. Do not go out alone
after dusk."
All German soldiers who cross
Warsaw receive from their supe
riors cards with the following warn
ing: "Be on your guard; there is
danger of attack. Watch your arms
and equipment. Do not go out alone
after dusk."
All German soldiers who cross
Warsaw receive from their supe
riors cards with the following warn
ing: "Be on your guard; there is
danger of attack. Watch your arms
and equipment. Do not go out alone
after dusk."
All German soldiers who cross
Warsaw receive from their supe
riors cards with the following warn
ing: "Be on your guard; there is
danger of attack. Watch your arms
and equipment. Do not go out alone
after dusk."
All German soldiers who cross
Warsaw receive from their supe
riors cards with the following warn
ing: "Be on your guard; there is
danger of attack. Watch your arms
and equipment. Do not go out alone
after dusk."
All German soldiers who cross
Warsaw receive from their supe
riors cards with the following warn
ing: "Be on your guard; there is
danger of attack. Watch your arms
and equipment. Do not go out alone
after dusk."
All German soldiers who cross
Warsaw receive from their supe
riors cards with the following warn
ing: "Be on your guard; there is
danger of attack. Watch your arms
and equipment. Do not go out alone
after dusk."
All German soldiers who cross
Warsaw receive from their supe
riors cards with the following warn
ing: "Be on your guard; there is
danger of attack. Watch your arms
and equipment. Do not go out alone
after dusk."
All German soldiers who cross
Warsaw receive from their supe
riors cards with the following warn
ing: "Be on your guard; there is
danger of attack. Watch your arms
and equipment. Do not go out alone
after dusk."
All German soldiers who cross
Warsaw receive from their supe
riors cards with the following warn
ing: "Be on your guard; there is
danger of attack. Watch your arms
and equipment. Do not go out alone
after dusk."
All German soldiers who cross
Warsaw receive from their supe
riors cards with the following warn
ing: "Be on your guard; there is
danger of attack. Watch your arms
and equipment. Do not go out alone
after dusk."
All German soldiers who cross
Warsaw receive from their supe
riors cards with the following warn
ing: "Be on your guard; there is
danger of attack. Watch your arms
and equipment. Do not go out alone
after dusk."
