# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
Correction
In the article "GSC places
groups on ballot" published on
Feb. 25, The Daily inaccurately
reported that special-fees are
part of tuition; they taxes levied
against the student body. Also,
the GSC can only vote on
whether or not to place joint
groups on the ballot to receive
special fees, and recommenda
tions are made by the appropri
ations committee following in
terviews with student groups.
This year. Club Sports request
ed a special fee 30 percent high
er than what they received last
year, and they were recom
mended to receive 10 percent
less than last year's budget by
the appropriations committee.
The Daily also misquoted GSC
Moriah Thomason as saying
that 25 percent of graduate stu
dents participate in Stanford
Club Sports when only about
three percent of graduate stu
dents are involved.
In addition, the graphic at
tached to the article showed
that Stanford News Readership
was denied placement on the
special-fees ballot when they
were approved.
