# Juniors Must Pay Up.
## 
### 
Thursday, November 30, is the last
day 011 which Juniors may pay their
class assessments. Failure to remit
by that time to Quad Manager S. W.
Guthrie will mean that the individual
picture of the delinquent Junior will
not be included in the Year Book when
it appears next semester. Contracts
with the photographer and printer,
and the press of work next semester
make this ruling essential to the suc
cess of the 1913 Quad.
Thursday, November 30, is the last
day 011 which Juniors may pay their
class assessments. Failure to remit
by that time to Quad Manager S. W.
Guthrie will mean that the individual
picture of the delinquent Junior will
not be included in the Year Book when
it appears next semester. Contracts
with the photographer and printer,
and the press of work next semester
make this ruling essential to the suc
cess of the 1913 Quad.
Thursday, November 30, is the last
day 011 which Juniors may pay their
class assessments. Failure to remit
by that time to Quad Manager S. W.
Guthrie will mean that the individual
picture of the delinquent Junior will
not be included in the Year Book when
it appears next semester. Contracts
with the photographer and printer,
and the press of work next semester
make this ruling essential to the suc
cess of the 1913 Quad.
Thursday, November 30, is the last
day 011 which Juniors may pay their
class assessments. Failure to remit
by that time to Quad Manager S. W.
Guthrie will mean that the individual
picture of the delinquent Junior will
not be included in the Year Book when
it appears next semester. Contracts
with the photographer and printer,
and the press of work next semester
make this ruling essential to the suc
cess of the 1913 Quad.
Thursday, November 30, is the last
day 011 which Juniors may pay their
class assessments. Failure to remit
by that time to Quad Manager S. W.
Guthrie will mean that the individual
picture of the delinquent Junior will
not be included in the Year Book when
it appears next semester. Contracts
with the photographer and printer,
and the press of work next semester
make this ruling essential to the suc
cess of the 1913 Quad.
Thursday, November 30, is the last
day 011 which Juniors may pay their
class assessments. Failure to remit
by that time to Quad Manager S. W.
Guthrie will mean that the individual
picture of the delinquent Junior will
not be included in the Year Book when
it appears next semester. Contracts
with the photographer and printer,
and the press of work next semester
make this ruling essential to the suc
cess of the 1913 Quad.
Thursday, November 30, is the last
day 011 which Juniors may pay their
class assessments. Failure to remit
by that time to Quad Manager S. W.
Guthrie will mean that the individual
picture of the delinquent Junior will
not be included in the Year Book when
it appears next semester. Contracts
with the photographer and printer,
and the press of work next semester
make this ruling essential to the suc
cess of the 1913 Quad.
Thursday, November 30, is the last
day 011 which Juniors may pay their
class assessments. Failure to remit
by that time to Quad Manager S. W.
Guthrie will mean that the individual
picture of the delinquent Junior will
not be included in the Year Book when
it appears next semester. Contracts
with the photographer and printer,
and the press of work next semester
make this ruling essential to the suc
cess of the 1913 Quad.
Thursday, November 30, is the last
day 011 which Juniors may pay their
class assessments. Failure to remit
by that time to Quad Manager S. W.
Guthrie will mean that the individual
picture of the delinquent Junior will
not be included in the Year Book when
it appears next semester. Contracts
with the photographer and printer,
and the press of work next semester
make this ruling essential to the suc
cess of the 1913 Quad.
Thursday, November 30, is the last
day 011 which Juniors may pay their
class assessments. Failure to remit
by that time to Quad Manager S. W.
Guthrie will mean that the individual
picture of the delinquent Junior will
not be included in the Year Book when
it appears next semester. Contracts
with the photographer and printer,
and the press of work next semester
make this ruling essential to the suc
cess of the 1913 Quad.
Thursday, November 30, is the last
day 011 which Juniors may pay their
class assessments. Failure to remit
by that time to Quad Manager S. W.
Guthrie will mean that the individual
picture of the delinquent Junior will
not be included in the Year Book when
it appears next semester. Contracts
with the photographer and printer,
and the press of work next semester
make this ruling essential to the suc
cess of the 1913 Quad.
Thursday, November 30, is the last
day 011 which Juniors may pay their
class assessments. Failure to remit
by that time to Quad Manager S. W.
Guthrie will mean that the individual
picture of the delinquent Junior will
not be included in the Year Book when
it appears next semester. Contracts
with the photographer and printer,
and the press of work next semester
make this ruling essential to the suc
cess of the 1913 Quad.
