# CALIFORNIA NOTES
## 
### 
In accordance with the policy,
adopted by the War Department re
cently, opposing the detailing of ma
jors or captains as military instruc
tors in Universities, Major E. M.
Lewis will he relieved of his post of
Commandant of Cadets.
Professor H. M. Stephens, of the
History department, will leave Thurs
day for a month's trip through the
East, He will spend two weeks at
Amherst College as the Henry Ward
neecher lecturer.
The Mandolin Club will sail for
Honolulu on December 16, and will
remain in the islands about one week.
Three concerts will be given. The
University Club and the Elks of Hono
lulu are boosting for the success of
the concerts.
In accordance with the policy,
adopted by the War Department re
cently, opposing the detailing of ma
jors or captains as military instruc
tors in Universities, Major E. M.
Lewis will he relieved of his post of
Commandant of Cadets.
Professor H. M. Stephens, of the
History department, will leave Thurs
day for a month's trip through the
East, He will spend two weeks at
Amherst College as the Henry Ward
neecher lecturer.
The Mandolin Club will sail for
Honolulu on December 16, and will
remain in the islands about one week.
Three concerts will be given. The
University Club and the Elks of Hono
lulu are boosting for the success of
the concerts.
In accordance with the policy,
adopted by the War Department re
cently, opposing the detailing of ma
jors or captains as military instruc
tors in Universities, Major E. M.
Lewis will he relieved of his post of
Commandant of Cadets.
Professor H. M. Stephens, of the
History department, will leave Thurs
day for a month's trip through the
East, He will spend two weeks at
Amherst College as the Henry Ward
neecher lecturer.
The Mandolin Club will sail for
Honolulu on December 16, and will
remain in the islands about one week.
Three concerts will be given. The
University Club and the Elks of Hono
lulu are boosting for the success of
the concerts.
In accordance with the policy,
adopted by the War Department re
cently, opposing the detailing of ma
jors or captains as military instruc
tors in Universities, Major E. M.
Lewis will he relieved of his post of
Commandant of Cadets.
Professor H. M. Stephens, of the
History department, will leave Thurs
day for a month's trip through the
East, He will spend two weeks at
Amherst College as the Henry Ward
neecher lecturer.
The Mandolin Club will sail for
Honolulu on December 16, and will
remain in the islands about one week.
Three concerts will be given. The
University Club and the Elks of Hono
lulu are boosting for the success of
the concerts.
In accordance with the policy,
adopted by the War Department re
cently, opposing the detailing of ma
jors or captains as military instruc
tors in Universities, Major E. M.
Lewis will he relieved of his post of
Commandant of Cadets.
Professor H. M. Stephens, of the
History department, will leave Thurs
day for a month's trip through the
East, He will spend two weeks at
Amherst College as the Henry Ward
neecher lecturer.
The Mandolin Club will sail for
Honolulu on December 16, and will
remain in the islands about one week.
Three concerts will be given. The
University Club and the Elks of Hono
lulu are boosting for the success of
the concerts.
In accordance with the policy,
adopted by the War Department re
cently, opposing the detailing of ma
jors or captains as military instruc
tors in Universities, Major E. M.
Lewis will he relieved of his post of
Commandant of Cadets.
Professor H. M. Stephens, of the
History department, will leave Thurs
day for a month's trip through the
East, He will spend two weeks at
Amherst College as the Henry Ward
neecher lecturer.
The Mandolin Club will sail for
Honolulu on December 16, and will
remain in the islands about one week.
Three concerts will be given. The
University Club and the Elks of Hono
lulu are boosting for the success of
the concerts.
In accordance with the policy,
adopted by the War Department re
cently, opposing the detailing of ma
jors or captains as military instruc
tors in Universities, Major E. M.
Lewis will he relieved of his post of
Commandant of Cadets.
Professor H. M. Stephens, of the
History department, will leave Thurs
day for a month's trip through the
East, He will spend two weeks at
Amherst College as the Henry Ward
neecher lecturer.
The Mandolin Club will sail for
Honolulu on December 16, and will
remain in the islands about one week.
Three concerts will be given. The
University Club and the Elks of Hono
lulu are boosting for the success of
the concerts.
In accordance with the policy,
adopted by the War Department re
cently, opposing the detailing of ma
jors or captains as military instruc
tors in Universities, Major E. M.
Lewis will he relieved of his post of
Commandant of Cadets.
Professor H. M. Stephens, of the
History department, will leave Thurs
day for a month's trip through the
East, He will spend two weeks at
Amherst College as the Henry Ward
neecher lecturer.
The Mandolin Club will sail for
Honolulu on December 16, and will
remain in the islands about one week.
Three concerts will be given. The
University Club and the Elks of Hono
lulu are boosting for the success of
the concerts.
In accordance with the policy,
adopted by the War Department re
cently, opposing the detailing of ma
jors or captains as military instruc
tors in Universities, Major E. M.
Lewis will he relieved of his post of
Commandant of Cadets.
Professor H. M. Stephens, of the
History department, will leave Thurs
day for a month's trip through the
East, He will spend two weeks at
Amherst College as the Henry Ward
neecher lecturer.
The Mandolin Club will sail for
Honolulu on December 16, and will
remain in the islands about one week.
Three concerts will be given. The
University Club and the Elks of Hono
lulu are boosting for the success of
the concerts.
In accordance with the policy,
adopted by the War Department re
cently, opposing the detailing of ma
jors or captains as military instruc
tors in Universities, Major E. M.
Lewis will he relieved of his post of
Commandant of Cadets.
Professor H. M. Stephens, of the
History department, will leave Thurs
day for a month's trip through the
East, He will spend two weeks at
Amherst College as the Henry Ward
neecher lecturer.
The Mandolin Club will sail for
Honolulu on December 16, and will
remain in the islands about one week.
Three concerts will be given. The
University Club and the Elks of Hono
lulu are boosting for the success of
the concerts.
In accordance with the policy,
adopted by the War Department re
cently, opposing the detailing of ma
jors or captains as military instruc
tors in Universities, Major E. M.
Lewis will he relieved of his post of
Commandant of Cadets.
Professor H. M. Stephens, of the
History department, will leave Thurs
day for a month's trip through the
East, He will spend two weeks at
Amherst College as the Henry Ward
neecher lecturer.
The Mandolin Club will sail for
Honolulu on December 16, and will
remain in the islands about one week.
Three concerts will be given. The
University Club and the Elks of Hono
lulu are boosting for the success of
the concerts.
In accordance with the policy,
adopted by the War Department re
cently, opposing the detailing of ma
jors or captains as military instruc
tors in Universities, Major E. M.
Lewis will he relieved of his post of
Commandant of Cadets.
Professor H. M. Stephens, of the
History department, will leave Thurs
day for a month's trip through the
East, He will spend two weeks at
Amherst College as the Henry Ward
neecher lecturer.
The Mandolin Club will sail for
Honolulu on December 16, and will
remain in the islands about one week.
Three concerts will be given. The
University Club and the Elks of Hono
lulu are boosting for the success of
the concerts.
