# Adv. 12 Page 4
## 
### 
Headquarters for Exclusive Varsity
styles in Hats, Haberdashery, etc.
Pennants carried in stock, and made
to order.
J. L. SIMPSON,
Headquarters for Exclusive Varsity
styles in Hats, Haberdashery, etc.
Pennants carried in stock, and made
to order.
J. L. SIMPSON,
Headquarters for Exclusive Varsity
styles in Hats, Haberdashery, etc.
Pennants carried in stock, and made
to order.
J. L. SIMPSON,
Headquarters for Exclusive Varsity
styles in Hats, Haberdashery, etc.
Pennants carried in stock, and made
to order.
J. L. SIMPSON,
Headquarters for Exclusive Varsity
styles in Hats, Haberdashery, etc.
Pennants carried in stock, and made
to order.
J. L. SIMPSON,
Headquarters for Exclusive Varsity
styles in Hats, Haberdashery, etc.
Pennants carried in stock, and made
to order.
J. L. SIMPSON,
Headquarters for Exclusive Varsity
styles in Hats, Haberdashery, etc.
Pennants carried in stock, and made
to order.
J. L. SIMPSON,
Headquarters for Exclusive Varsity
styles in Hats, Haberdashery, etc.
Pennants carried in stock, and made
to order.
J. L. SIMPSON,
Headquarters for Exclusive Varsity
styles in Hats, Haberdashery, etc.
Pennants carried in stock, and made
to order.
J. L. SIMPSON,
