# W.H. Irwin Speaks in New York.
## 
### 
William H. Irwin, '99, addressed
fifty Californians at a banquet which
was recently held in New York City.
His talk was based on the Japanese
question.
William H. Irwin, '99, addressed
fifty Californians at a banquet which
was recently held in New York City.
His talk was based on the Japanese
question.
William H. Irwin, '99, addressed
fifty Californians at a banquet which
was recently held in New York City.
His talk was based on the Japanese
question.
William H. Irwin, '99, addressed
fifty Californians at a banquet which
was recently held in New York City.
His talk was based on the Japanese
question.
William H. Irwin, '99, addressed
fifty Californians at a banquet which
was recently held in New York City.
His talk was based on the Japanese
question.
William H. Irwin, '99, addressed
fifty Californians at a banquet which
was recently held in New York City.
His talk was based on the Japanese
question.
William H. Irwin, '99, addressed
fifty Californians at a banquet which
was recently held in New York City.
His talk was based on the Japanese
question.
William H. Irwin, '99, addressed
fifty Californians at a banquet which
was recently held in New York City.
His talk was based on the Japanese
question.
William H. Irwin, '99, addressed
fifty Californians at a banquet which
was recently held in New York City.
His talk was based on the Japanese
question.
