# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
CLUES
FROM 1
STI U S KL I S
Written backwards? Well,
maybe, byt then that's where
every man looks when he
passes a girl in a SILK SUIT
that has that extra sump'n
from the
CLOTHES CLOSET
While or Pastel Shades at $12
CLUES
FROM 1
STI U S KL I S
Written backwards? Well,
maybe, byt then that's where
every man looks when he
passes a girl in a SILK SUIT
that has that extra sump'n
from the
CLOTHES CLOSET
While or Pastel Shades at $12
CLUES
FROM 1
STI U S KL I S
Written backwards? Well,
maybe, byt then that's where
every man looks when he
passes a girl in a SILK SUIT
that has that extra sump'n
from the
CLOTHES CLOSET
While or Pastel Shades at $12
CLUES
FROM 1
STI U S KL I S
Written backwards? Well,
maybe, byt then that's where
every man looks when he
passes a girl in a SILK SUIT
that has that extra sump'n
from the
CLOTHES CLOSET
While or Pastel Shades at $12
CLUES
FROM 1
STI U S KL I S
Written backwards? Well,
maybe, byt then that's where
every man looks when he
passes a girl in a SILK SUIT
that has that extra sump'n
from the
CLOTHES CLOSET
While or Pastel Shades at $12
CLUES
FROM 1
STI U S KL I S
Written backwards? Well,
maybe, byt then that's where
every man looks when he
passes a girl in a SILK SUIT
that has that extra sump'n
from the
CLOTHES CLOSET
While or Pastel Shades at $12
CLUES
FROM 1
STI U S KL I S
Written backwards? Well,
maybe, byt then that's where
every man looks when he
passes a girl in a SILK SUIT
that has that extra sump'n
from the
CLOTHES CLOSET
While or Pastel Shades at $12
CLUES
FROM 1
STI U S KL I S
Written backwards? Well,
maybe, byt then that's where
every man looks when he
passes a girl in a SILK SUIT
that has that extra sump'n
from the
CLOTHES CLOSET
While or Pastel Shades at $12
CLUES
FROM 1
STI U S KL I S
Written backwards? Well,
maybe, byt then that's where
every man looks when he
passes a girl in a SILK SUIT
that has that extra sump'n
from the
CLOTHES CLOSET
While or Pastel Shades at $12
CLUES
FROM 1
STI U S KL I S
Written backwards? Well,
maybe, byt then that's where
every man looks when he
passes a girl in a SILK SUIT
that has that extra sump'n
from the
CLOTHES CLOSET
While or Pastel Shades at $12
CLUES
FROM 1
STI U S KL I S
Written backwards? Well,
maybe, byt then that's where
every man looks when he
passes a girl in a SILK SUIT
that has that extra sump'n
from the
CLOTHES CLOSET
While or Pastel Shades at $12
CLUES
FROM 1
STI U S KL I S
Written backwards? Well,
maybe, byt then that's where
every man looks when he
passes a girl in a SILK SUIT
that has that extra sump'n
from the
CLOTHES CLOSET
While or Pastel Shades at $12
CLUES
FROM 1
STI U S KL I S
Written backwards? Well,
maybe, byt then that's where
every man looks when he
passes a girl in a SILK SUIT
that has that extra sump'n
from the
CLOTHES CLOSET
While or Pastel Shades at $12
CLUES
FROM 1
STI U S KL I S
Written backwards? Well,
maybe, byt then that's where
every man looks when he
passes a girl in a SILK SUIT
that has that extra sump'n
from the
CLOTHES CLOSET
While or Pastel Shades at $12
CLUES
FROM 1
STI U S KL I S
Written backwards? Well,
maybe, byt then that's where
every man looks when he
passes a girl in a SILK SUIT
that has that extra sump'n
from the
CLOTHES CLOSET
While or Pastel Shades at $12
