# CAMPUS CALENDAR
## 
### 
TODAY
12:10 p.m. —International Table, in
the Union Alcove.
4 p.m.—Meeting of the Stanford Li
brary Club, in Room 319, Library.
Speaker: Dr. Margery Bailey, on
subject of "Critics and Reviewers.''
4:10 p.m. — Chemistry Department
Seminar, Room 20, Chemistry.
Building. Professor James Murray
Luck, speaker:. Subject: "The
Biochemistry of the Adrenal Gland.''
7:45 p.m.—Stanford University Hour
over KPO. Speaker: Dr. Edmund
Butler, associate clinical professor
of surgery. Subject: "When to Call
a Doctor."
TOMORROW
12:10 p.m.—German Table, in the
Union Alcove. All members of the
University cordially invited to at
tend.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture on "The 'Lame
Duck' Panic: 193:1," by Frederic L.
Paxson, professor of history, Uni
versity of California, in the As
sembly Hall.
TODAY
12:10 p.m. —International Table, in
the Union Alcove.
4 p.m.—Meeting of the Stanford Li
brary Club, in Room 319, Library.
Speaker: Dr. Margery Bailey, on
subject of "Critics and Reviewers.''
4:10 p.m. — Chemistry Department
Seminar, Room 20, Chemistry.
Building. Professor James Murray
Luck, speaker:. Subject: "The
Biochemistry of the Adrenal Gland.''
7:45 p.m.—Stanford University Hour
over KPO. Speaker: Dr. Edmund
Butler, associate clinical professor
of surgery. Subject: "When to Call
a Doctor."
TOMORROW
12:10 p.m.—German Table, in the
Union Alcove. All members of the
University cordially invited to at
tend.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture on "The 'Lame
Duck' Panic: 193:1," by Frederic L.
Paxson, professor of history, Uni
versity of California, in the As
sembly Hall.
TODAY
12:10 p.m. —International Table, in
the Union Alcove.
4 p.m.—Meeting of the Stanford Li
brary Club, in Room 319, Library.
Speaker: Dr. Margery Bailey, on
subject of "Critics and Reviewers.''
4:10 p.m. — Chemistry Department
Seminar, Room 20, Chemistry.
Building. Professor James Murray
Luck, speaker:. Subject: "The
Biochemistry of the Adrenal Gland.''
7:45 p.m.—Stanford University Hour
over KPO. Speaker: Dr. Edmund
Butler, associate clinical professor
of surgery. Subject: "When to Call
a Doctor."
TOMORROW
12:10 p.m.—German Table, in the
Union Alcove. All members of the
University cordially invited to at
tend.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture on "The 'Lame
Duck' Panic: 193:1," by Frederic L.
Paxson, professor of history, Uni
versity of California, in the As
sembly Hall.
TODAY
12:10 p.m. —International Table, in
the Union Alcove.
4 p.m.—Meeting of the Stanford Li
brary Club, in Room 319, Library.
Speaker: Dr. Margery Bailey, on
subject of "Critics and Reviewers.''
4:10 p.m. — Chemistry Department
Seminar, Room 20, Chemistry.
Building. Professor James Murray
Luck, speaker:. Subject: "The
Biochemistry of the Adrenal Gland.''
7:45 p.m.—Stanford University Hour
over KPO. Speaker: Dr. Edmund
Butler, associate clinical professor
of surgery. Subject: "When to Call
a Doctor."
TOMORROW
12:10 p.m.—German Table, in the
Union Alcove. All members of the
University cordially invited to at
tend.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture on "The 'Lame
Duck' Panic: 193:1," by Frederic L.
Paxson, professor of history, Uni
versity of California, in the As
sembly Hall.
TODAY
12:10 p.m. —International Table, in
the Union Alcove.
4 p.m.—Meeting of the Stanford Li
brary Club, in Room 319, Library.
Speaker: Dr. Margery Bailey, on
subject of "Critics and Reviewers.''
4:10 p.m. — Chemistry Department
Seminar, Room 20, Chemistry.
Building. Professor James Murray
Luck, speaker:. Subject: "The
Biochemistry of the Adrenal Gland.''
7:45 p.m.—Stanford University Hour
over KPO. Speaker: Dr. Edmund
Butler, associate clinical professor
of surgery. Subject: "When to Call
a Doctor."
TOMORROW
12:10 p.m.—German Table, in the
Union Alcove. All members of the
University cordially invited to at
tend.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture on "The 'Lame
Duck' Panic: 193:1," by Frederic L.
Paxson, professor of history, Uni
versity of California, in the As
sembly Hall.
TODAY
12:10 p.m. —International Table, in
the Union Alcove.
4 p.m.—Meeting of the Stanford Li
brary Club, in Room 319, Library.
Speaker: Dr. Margery Bailey, on
subject of "Critics and Reviewers.''
4:10 p.m. — Chemistry Department
Seminar, Room 20, Chemistry.
Building. Professor James Murray
Luck, speaker:. Subject: "The
Biochemistry of the Adrenal Gland.''
7:45 p.m.—Stanford University Hour
over KPO. Speaker: Dr. Edmund
Butler, associate clinical professor
of surgery. Subject: "When to Call
a Doctor."
TOMORROW
12:10 p.m.—German Table, in the
Union Alcove. All members of the
University cordially invited to at
tend.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture on "The 'Lame
Duck' Panic: 193:1," by Frederic L.
Paxson, professor of history, Uni
versity of California, in the As
sembly Hall.
TODAY
12:10 p.m. —International Table, in
the Union Alcove.
4 p.m.—Meeting of the Stanford Li
brary Club, in Room 319, Library.
Speaker: Dr. Margery Bailey, on
subject of "Critics and Reviewers.''
4:10 p.m. — Chemistry Department
Seminar, Room 20, Chemistry.
Building. Professor James Murray
Luck, speaker:. Subject: "The
Biochemistry of the Adrenal Gland.''
7:45 p.m.—Stanford University Hour
over KPO. Speaker: Dr. Edmund
Butler, associate clinical professor
of surgery. Subject: "When to Call
a Doctor."
TOMORROW
12:10 p.m.—German Table, in the
Union Alcove. All members of the
University cordially invited to at
tend.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture on "The 'Lame
Duck' Panic: 193:1," by Frederic L.
Paxson, professor of history, Uni
versity of California, in the As
sembly Hall.
TODAY
12:10 p.m. —International Table, in
the Union Alcove.
4 p.m.—Meeting of the Stanford Li
brary Club, in Room 319, Library.
Speaker: Dr. Margery Bailey, on
subject of "Critics and Reviewers.''
4:10 p.m. — Chemistry Department
Seminar, Room 20, Chemistry.
Building. Professor James Murray
Luck, speaker:. Subject: "The
Biochemistry of the Adrenal Gland.''
7:45 p.m.—Stanford University Hour
over KPO. Speaker: Dr. Edmund
Butler, associate clinical professor
of surgery. Subject: "When to Call
a Doctor."
TOMORROW
12:10 p.m.—German Table, in the
Union Alcove. All members of the
University cordially invited to at
tend.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture on "The 'Lame
Duck' Panic: 193:1," by Frederic L.
Paxson, professor of history, Uni
versity of California, in the As
sembly Hall.
TODAY
12:10 p.m. —International Table, in
the Union Alcove.
4 p.m.—Meeting of the Stanford Li
brary Club, in Room 319, Library.
Speaker: Dr. Margery Bailey, on
subject of "Critics and Reviewers.''
4:10 p.m. — Chemistry Department
Seminar, Room 20, Chemistry.
Building. Professor James Murray
Luck, speaker:. Subject: "The
Biochemistry of the Adrenal Gland.''
7:45 p.m.—Stanford University Hour
over KPO. Speaker: Dr. Edmund
Butler, associate clinical professor
of surgery. Subject: "When to Call
a Doctor."
TOMORROW
12:10 p.m.—German Table, in the
Union Alcove. All members of the
University cordially invited to at
tend.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture on "The 'Lame
Duck' Panic: 193:1," by Frederic L.
Paxson, professor of history, Uni
versity of California, in the As
sembly Hall.
TODAY
12:10 p.m. —International Table, in
the Union Alcove.
4 p.m.—Meeting of the Stanford Li
brary Club, in Room 319, Library.
Speaker: Dr. Margery Bailey, on
subject of "Critics and Reviewers.''
4:10 p.m. — Chemistry Department
Seminar, Room 20, Chemistry.
Building. Professor James Murray
Luck, speaker:. Subject: "The
Biochemistry of the Adrenal Gland.''
7:45 p.m.—Stanford University Hour
over KPO. Speaker: Dr. Edmund
Butler, associate clinical professor
of surgery. Subject: "When to Call
a Doctor."
TOMORROW
12:10 p.m.—German Table, in the
Union Alcove. All members of the
University cordially invited to at
tend.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture on "The 'Lame
Duck' Panic: 193:1," by Frederic L.
Paxson, professor of history, Uni
versity of California, in the As
sembly Hall.
TODAY
12:10 p.m. —International Table, in
the Union Alcove.
4 p.m.—Meeting of the Stanford Li
brary Club, in Room 319, Library.
Speaker: Dr. Margery Bailey, on
subject of "Critics and Reviewers.''
4:10 p.m. — Chemistry Department
Seminar, Room 20, Chemistry.
Building. Professor James Murray
Luck, speaker:. Subject: "The
Biochemistry of the Adrenal Gland.''
7:45 p.m.—Stanford University Hour
over KPO. Speaker: Dr. Edmund
Butler, associate clinical professor
of surgery. Subject: "When to Call
a Doctor."
TOMORROW
12:10 p.m.—German Table, in the
Union Alcove. All members of the
University cordially invited to at
tend.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture on "The 'Lame
Duck' Panic: 193:1," by Frederic L.
Paxson, professor of history, Uni
versity of California, in the As
sembly Hall.
TODAY
12:10 p.m. —International Table, in
the Union Alcove.
4 p.m.—Meeting of the Stanford Li
brary Club, in Room 319, Library.
Speaker: Dr. Margery Bailey, on
subject of "Critics and Reviewers.''
4:10 p.m. — Chemistry Department
Seminar, Room 20, Chemistry.
Building. Professor James Murray
Luck, speaker:. Subject: "The
Biochemistry of the Adrenal Gland.''
7:45 p.m.—Stanford University Hour
over KPO. Speaker: Dr. Edmund
Butler, associate clinical professor
of surgery. Subject: "When to Call
a Doctor."
TOMORROW
12:10 p.m.—German Table, in the
Union Alcove. All members of the
University cordially invited to at
tend.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture on "The 'Lame
Duck' Panic: 193:1," by Frederic L.
Paxson, professor of history, Uni
versity of California, in the As
sembly Hall.
TODAY
12:10 p.m. —International Table, in
the Union Alcove.
4 p.m.—Meeting of the Stanford Li
brary Club, in Room 319, Library.
Speaker: Dr. Margery Bailey, on
subject of "Critics and Reviewers.''
4:10 p.m. — Chemistry Department
Seminar, Room 20, Chemistry.
Building. Professor James Murray
Luck, speaker:. Subject: "The
Biochemistry of the Adrenal Gland.''
7:45 p.m.—Stanford University Hour
over KPO. Speaker: Dr. Edmund
Butler, associate clinical professor
of surgery. Subject: "When to Call
a Doctor."
TOMORROW
12:10 p.m.—German Table, in the
Union Alcove. All members of the
University cordially invited to at
tend.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture on "The 'Lame
Duck' Panic: 193:1," by Frederic L.
Paxson, professor of history, Uni
versity of California, in the As
sembly Hall.
TODAY
12:10 p.m. —International Table, in
the Union Alcove.
4 p.m.—Meeting of the Stanford Li
brary Club, in Room 319, Library.
Speaker: Dr. Margery Bailey, on
subject of "Critics and Reviewers.''
4:10 p.m. — Chemistry Department
Seminar, Room 20, Chemistry.
Building. Professor James Murray
Luck, speaker:. Subject: "The
Biochemistry of the Adrenal Gland.''
7:45 p.m.—Stanford University Hour
over KPO. Speaker: Dr. Edmund
Butler, associate clinical professor
of surgery. Subject: "When to Call
a Doctor."
TOMORROW
12:10 p.m.—German Table, in the
Union Alcove. All members of the
University cordially invited to at
tend.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture on "The 'Lame
Duck' Panic: 193:1," by Frederic L.
Paxson, professor of history, Uni
versity of California, in the As
sembly Hall.
TODAY
12:10 p.m. —International Table, in
the Union Alcove.
4 p.m.—Meeting of the Stanford Li
brary Club, in Room 319, Library.
Speaker: Dr. Margery Bailey, on
subject of "Critics and Reviewers.''
4:10 p.m. — Chemistry Department
Seminar, Room 20, Chemistry.
Building. Professor James Murray
Luck, speaker:. Subject: "The
Biochemistry of the Adrenal Gland.''
7:45 p.m.—Stanford University Hour
over KPO. Speaker: Dr. Edmund
Butler, associate clinical professor
of surgery. Subject: "When to Call
a Doctor."
TOMORROW
12:10 p.m.—German Table, in the
Union Alcove. All members of the
University cordially invited to at
tend.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture on "The 'Lame
Duck' Panic: 193:1," by Frederic L.
Paxson, professor of history, Uni
versity of California, in the As
sembly Hall.
