# CAMPUS OPINION
## BEATS FLAMES 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
May I beat the flames of the lock
out controversy to a white heat of
fury by noting tha't at Berkeley,
according to good authority, ihe
women students are permitted to re
main out until 2:30 every night and
all night on such occasions as Big
Game week-end. But even if Stan
ford rules were liberalized to such
an extent, what guaranty have we
that the Women's Council would not
continue its present policy of crack
ing down on strictly technical vio
lations?
Apparently there is an intoxicating
pleasure fn soaking some panting
maiden who arrived at the portals at
10:31 instead of 10:30 that the rest
of us are incapable of appreciating.
Or perhaps the Council members
conceive of the lock lout rules as a
dike against an ocean of immorality
and chaos, and see it as their duty
to plug their thumbs in every mi
croscopic crevice. Such heroism and
self-giving deserve more praise than
ii has heretofore received.
It would only be fair to call the
attention of Rep. Hamilton Fish, Dr.
Wirt, and the Hearst papers to this
grim, unobtrusive crusade of our
Women's Council against female bol
shevists. Contrition fills me for hav
ing misunderstood their motives.
â€”Bob Smith
