# TUCSON SEARCH FAILS
## 
### 
/ TUCSON, Ariz.. April 29 </P).—
Guided by Ad Adkinson, Tucson
hunter, a party of eight peace offi
cers headed by UndersherifT C. S.
Farrar, stalked a remote canyon of
the Catalina range today in an un
successful search for June Roblcs,
6 years of age, and her kidnapers.
/ TUCSON, Ariz.. April 29 </P).—
Guided by Ad Adkinson, Tucson
hunter, a party of eight peace offi
cers headed by UndersherifT C. S.
Farrar, stalked a remote canyon of
the Catalina range today in an un
successful search for June Roblcs,
6 years of age, and her kidnapers.
/ TUCSON, Ariz.. April 29 </P).—
Guided by Ad Adkinson, Tucson
hunter, a party of eight peace offi
cers headed by UndersherifT C. S.
Farrar, stalked a remote canyon of
the Catalina range today in an un
successful search for June Roblcs,
6 years of age, and her kidnapers.
/ TUCSON, Ariz.. April 29 </P).—
Guided by Ad Adkinson, Tucson
hunter, a party of eight peace offi
cers headed by UndersherifT C. S.
Farrar, stalked a remote canyon of
the Catalina range today in an un
successful search for June Roblcs,
6 years of age, and her kidnapers.
/ TUCSON, Ariz.. April 29 </P).—
Guided by Ad Adkinson, Tucson
hunter, a party of eight peace offi
cers headed by UndersherifT C. S.
Farrar, stalked a remote canyon of
the Catalina range today in an un
successful search for June Roblcs,
6 years of age, and her kidnapers.
/ TUCSON, Ariz.. April 29 </P).—
Guided by Ad Adkinson, Tucson
hunter, a party of eight peace offi
cers headed by UndersherifT C. S.
Farrar, stalked a remote canyon of
the Catalina range today in an un
successful search for June Roblcs,
6 years of age, and her kidnapers.
/ TUCSON, Ariz.. April 29 </P).—
Guided by Ad Adkinson, Tucson
hunter, a party of eight peace offi
cers headed by UndersherifT C. S.
Farrar, stalked a remote canyon of
the Catalina range today in an un
successful search for June Roblcs,
6 years of age, and her kidnapers.
/ TUCSON, Ariz.. April 29 </P).—
Guided by Ad Adkinson, Tucson
hunter, a party of eight peace offi
cers headed by UndersherifT C. S.
Farrar, stalked a remote canyon of
the Catalina range today in an un
successful search for June Roblcs,
6 years of age, and her kidnapers.
/ TUCSON, Ariz.. April 29 </P).—
Guided by Ad Adkinson, Tucson
hunter, a party of eight peace offi
cers headed by UndersherifT C. S.
Farrar, stalked a remote canyon of
the Catalina range today in an un
successful search for June Roblcs,
6 years of age, and her kidnapers.
/ TUCSON, Ariz.. April 29 </P).—
Guided by Ad Adkinson, Tucson
hunter, a party of eight peace offi
cers headed by UndersherifT C. S.
Farrar, stalked a remote canyon of
the Catalina range today in an un
successful search for June Roblcs,
6 years of age, and her kidnapers.
/ TUCSON, Ariz.. April 29 </P).—
Guided by Ad Adkinson, Tucson
hunter, a party of eight peace offi
cers headed by UndersherifT C. S.
Farrar, stalked a remote canyon of
the Catalina range today in an un
successful search for June Roblcs,
6 years of age, and her kidnapers.
/ TUCSON, Ariz.. April 29 </P).—
Guided by Ad Adkinson, Tucson
hunter, a party of eight peace offi
cers headed by UndersherifT C. S.
Farrar, stalked a remote canyon of
the Catalina range today in an un
successful search for June Roblcs,
6 years of age, and her kidnapers.
/ TUCSON, Ariz.. April 29 </P).—
Guided by Ad Adkinson, Tucson
hunter, a party of eight peace offi
cers headed by UndersherifT C. S.
Farrar, stalked a remote canyon of
the Catalina range today in an un
successful search for June Roblcs,
6 years of age, and her kidnapers.
/ TUCSON, Ariz.. April 29 </P).—
Guided by Ad Adkinson, Tucson
hunter, a party of eight peace offi
cers headed by UndersherifT C. S.
Farrar, stalked a remote canyon of
the Catalina range today in an un
successful search for June Roblcs,
6 years of age, and her kidnapers.
/ TUCSON, Ariz.. April 29 </P).—
Guided by Ad Adkinson, Tucson
hunter, a party of eight peace offi
cers headed by UndersherifT C. S.
Farrar, stalked a remote canyon of
the Catalina range today in an un
successful search for June Roblcs,
6 years of age, and her kidnapers.
