# Otis Eliminated in Ojai Tournament Semi-Finals
## 
### 
Chuck Otis reached the semi-final
round of the Ojai tennis tournament
last week, and was finally eliminated
by Gene Mako, winner of the tour
nament, 6-0, 6-4.
John Law, who also made the trip
South with Otis, for the Coast Col
legiate Tourney, also fared well, his
match going into three sets against
Tidball, who finally won out after a
hard fight.
Chuck Otis reached the semi-final
round of the Ojai tennis tournament
last week, and was finally eliminated
by Gene Mako, winner of the tour
nament, 6-0, 6-4.
John Law, who also made the trip
South with Otis, for the Coast Col
legiate Tourney, also fared well, his
match going into three sets against
Tidball, who finally won out after a
hard fight.
Chuck Otis reached the semi-final
round of the Ojai tennis tournament
last week, and was finally eliminated
by Gene Mako, winner of the tour
nament, 6-0, 6-4.
John Law, who also made the trip
South with Otis, for the Coast Col
legiate Tourney, also fared well, his
match going into three sets against
Tidball, who finally won out after a
hard fight.
Chuck Otis reached the semi-final
round of the Ojai tennis tournament
last week, and was finally eliminated
by Gene Mako, winner of the tour
nament, 6-0, 6-4.
John Law, who also made the trip
South with Otis, for the Coast Col
legiate Tourney, also fared well, his
match going into three sets against
Tidball, who finally won out after a
hard fight.
Chuck Otis reached the semi-final
round of the Ojai tennis tournament
last week, and was finally eliminated
by Gene Mako, winner of the tour
nament, 6-0, 6-4.
John Law, who also made the trip
South with Otis, for the Coast Col
legiate Tourney, also fared well, his
match going into three sets against
Tidball, who finally won out after a
hard fight.
Chuck Otis reached the semi-final
round of the Ojai tennis tournament
last week, and was finally eliminated
by Gene Mako, winner of the tour
nament, 6-0, 6-4.
John Law, who also made the trip
South with Otis, for the Coast Col
legiate Tourney, also fared well, his
match going into three sets against
Tidball, who finally won out after a
hard fight.
Chuck Otis reached the semi-final
round of the Ojai tennis tournament
last week, and was finally eliminated
by Gene Mako, winner of the tour
nament, 6-0, 6-4.
John Law, who also made the trip
South with Otis, for the Coast Col
legiate Tourney, also fared well, his
match going into three sets against
Tidball, who finally won out after a
hard fight.
Chuck Otis reached the semi-final
round of the Ojai tennis tournament
last week, and was finally eliminated
by Gene Mako, winner of the tour
nament, 6-0, 6-4.
John Law, who also made the trip
South with Otis, for the Coast Col
legiate Tourney, also fared well, his
match going into three sets against
Tidball, who finally won out after a
hard fight.
Chuck Otis reached the semi-final
round of the Ojai tennis tournament
last week, and was finally eliminated
by Gene Mako, winner of the tour
nament, 6-0, 6-4.
John Law, who also made the trip
South with Otis, for the Coast Col
legiate Tourney, also fared well, his
match going into three sets against
Tidball, who finally won out after a
hard fight.
Chuck Otis reached the semi-final
round of the Ojai tennis tournament
last week, and was finally eliminated
by Gene Mako, winner of the tour
nament, 6-0, 6-4.
John Law, who also made the trip
South with Otis, for the Coast Col
legiate Tourney, also fared well, his
match going into three sets against
Tidball, who finally won out after a
hard fight.
Chuck Otis reached the semi-final
round of the Ojai tennis tournament
last week, and was finally eliminated
by Gene Mako, winner of the tour
nament, 6-0, 6-4.
John Law, who also made the trip
South with Otis, for the Coast Col
legiate Tourney, also fared well, his
match going into three sets against
Tidball, who finally won out after a
hard fight.
Chuck Otis reached the semi-final
round of the Ojai tennis tournament
last week, and was finally eliminated
by Gene Mako, winner of the tour
nament, 6-0, 6-4.
John Law, who also made the trip
South with Otis, for the Coast Col
legiate Tourney, also fared well, his
match going into three sets against
Tidball, who finally won out after a
hard fight.
Chuck Otis reached the semi-final
round of the Ojai tennis tournament
last week, and was finally eliminated
by Gene Mako, winner of the tour
nament, 6-0, 6-4.
John Law, who also made the trip
South with Otis, for the Coast Col
legiate Tourney, also fared well, his
match going into three sets against
Tidball, who finally won out after a
hard fight.
Chuck Otis reached the semi-final
round of the Ojai tennis tournament
last week, and was finally eliminated
by Gene Mako, winner of the tour
nament, 6-0, 6-4.
John Law, who also made the trip
South with Otis, for the Coast Col
legiate Tourney, also fared well, his
match going into three sets against
Tidball, who finally won out after a
hard fight.
Chuck Otis reached the semi-final
round of the Ojai tennis tournament
last week, and was finally eliminated
by Gene Mako, winner of the tour
nament, 6-0, 6-4.
John Law, who also made the trip
South with Otis, for the Coast Col
legiate Tourney, also fared well, his
match going into three sets against
Tidball, who finally won out after a
hard fight.
