# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
A NEW APPROACH
TO NATURAL SINCINC
by
Lillian Clark Rivera
through her method of
extension of natural speech
SINCINC CAN BE
WITHOUT EFFORT
1010 Almanor Ave. P.A. 3780
A NEW APPROACH
TO NATURAL SINCINC
by
Lillian Clark Rivera
through her method of
extension of natural speech
SINCINC CAN BE
WITHOUT EFFORT
1010 Almanor Ave. P.A. 3780
A NEW APPROACH
TO NATURAL SINCINC
by
Lillian Clark Rivera
through her method of
extension of natural speech
SINCINC CAN BE
WITHOUT EFFORT
1010 Almanor Ave. P.A. 3780
A NEW APPROACH
TO NATURAL SINCINC
by
Lillian Clark Rivera
through her method of
extension of natural speech
SINCINC CAN BE
WITHOUT EFFORT
1010 Almanor Ave. P.A. 3780
A NEW APPROACH
TO NATURAL SINCINC
by
Lillian Clark Rivera
through her method of
extension of natural speech
SINCINC CAN BE
WITHOUT EFFORT
1010 Almanor Ave. P.A. 3780
A NEW APPROACH
TO NATURAL SINCINC
by
Lillian Clark Rivera
through her method of
extension of natural speech
SINCINC CAN BE
WITHOUT EFFORT
1010 Almanor Ave. P.A. 3780
A NEW APPROACH
TO NATURAL SINCINC
by
Lillian Clark Rivera
through her method of
extension of natural speech
SINCINC CAN BE
WITHOUT EFFORT
1010 Almanor Ave. P.A. 3780
A NEW APPROACH
TO NATURAL SINCINC
by
Lillian Clark Rivera
through her method of
extension of natural speech
SINCINC CAN BE
WITHOUT EFFORT
1010 Almanor Ave. P.A. 3780
A NEW APPROACH
TO NATURAL SINCINC
by
Lillian Clark Rivera
through her method of
extension of natural speech
SINCINC CAN BE
WITHOUT EFFORT
1010 Almanor Ave. P.A. 3780
A NEW APPROACH
TO NATURAL SINCINC
by
Lillian Clark Rivera
through her method of
extension of natural speech
SINCINC CAN BE
WITHOUT EFFORT
1010 Almanor Ave. P.A. 3780
A NEW APPROACH
TO NATURAL SINCINC
by
Lillian Clark Rivera
through her method of
extension of natural speech
SINCINC CAN BE
WITHOUT EFFORT
1010 Almanor Ave. P.A. 3780
A NEW APPROACH
TO NATURAL SINCINC
by
Lillian Clark Rivera
through her method of
extension of natural speech
SINCINC CAN BE
WITHOUT EFFORT
1010 Almanor Ave. P.A. 3780
A NEW APPROACH
TO NATURAL SINCINC
by
Lillian Clark Rivera
through her method of
extension of natural speech
SINCINC CAN BE
WITHOUT EFFORT
1010 Almanor Ave. P.A. 3780
A NEW APPROACH
TO NATURAL SINCINC
by
Lillian Clark Rivera
through her method of
extension of natural speech
SINCINC CAN BE
WITHOUT EFFORT
1010 Almanor Ave. P.A. 3780
A NEW APPROACH
TO NATURAL SINCINC
by
Lillian Clark Rivera
through her method of
extension of natural speech
SINCINC CAN BE
WITHOUT EFFORT
1010 Almanor Ave. P.A. 3780
