# Untitled Article
## 
### 

THEY CAN STAY—Forty-eight Estonian refugees who sailed to U.S. to escape Russian domination will
he allowed to remain in the country, according to an announcement bv President Truman. They're
shown above as they heard the good news at the U.S. Border Patrol docks in Miami, Fla., where the
refugee boats are at anchor and the refugees were held in custody.

THEY CAN STAY—Forty-eight Estonian refugees who sailed to U.S. to escape Russian domination will
he allowed to remain in the country, according to an announcement bv President Truman. They're
shown above as they heard the good news at the U.S. Border Patrol docks in Miami, Fla., where the
refugee boats are at anchor and the refugees were held in custody.

THEY CAN STAY—Forty-eight Estonian refugees who sailed to U.S. to escape Russian domination will
he allowed to remain in the country, according to an announcement bv President Truman. They're
shown above as they heard the good news at the U.S. Border Patrol docks in Miami, Fla., where the
refugee boats are at anchor and the refugees were held in custody.

THEY CAN STAY—Forty-eight Estonian refugees who sailed to U.S. to escape Russian domination will
he allowed to remain in the country, according to an announcement bv President Truman. They're
shown above as they heard the good news at the U.S. Border Patrol docks in Miami, Fla., where the
refugee boats are at anchor and the refugees were held in custody.

THEY CAN STAY—Forty-eight Estonian refugees who sailed to U.S. to escape Russian domination will
he allowed to remain in the country, according to an announcement bv President Truman. They're
shown above as they heard the good news at the U.S. Border Patrol docks in Miami, Fla., where the
refugee boats are at anchor and the refugees were held in custody.

THEY CAN STAY—Forty-eight Estonian refugees who sailed to U.S. to escape Russian domination will
he allowed to remain in the country, according to an announcement bv President Truman. They're
shown above as they heard the good news at the U.S. Border Patrol docks in Miami, Fla., where the
refugee boats are at anchor and the refugees were held in custody.

THEY CAN STAY—Forty-eight Estonian refugees who sailed to U.S. to escape Russian domination will
he allowed to remain in the country, according to an announcement bv President Truman. They're
shown above as they heard the good news at the U.S. Border Patrol docks in Miami, Fla., where the
refugee boats are at anchor and the refugees were held in custody.

THEY CAN STAY—Forty-eight Estonian refugees who sailed to U.S. to escape Russian domination will
he allowed to remain in the country, according to an announcement bv President Truman. They're
shown above as they heard the good news at the U.S. Border Patrol docks in Miami, Fla., where the
refugee boats are at anchor and the refugees were held in custody.

THEY CAN STAY—Forty-eight Estonian refugees who sailed to U.S. to escape Russian domination will
he allowed to remain in the country, according to an announcement bv President Truman. They're
shown above as they heard the good news at the U.S. Border Patrol docks in Miami, Fla., where the
refugee boats are at anchor and the refugees were held in custody.

THEY CAN STAY—Forty-eight Estonian refugees who sailed to U.S. to escape Russian domination will
he allowed to remain in the country, according to an announcement bv President Truman. They're
shown above as they heard the good news at the U.S. Border Patrol docks in Miami, Fla., where the
refugee boats are at anchor and the refugees were held in custody.

THEY CAN STAY—Forty-eight Estonian refugees who sailed to U.S. to escape Russian domination will
he allowed to remain in the country, according to an announcement bv President Truman. They're
shown above as they heard the good news at the U.S. Border Patrol docks in Miami, Fla., where the
refugee boats are at anchor and the refugees were held in custody.

THEY CAN STAY—Forty-eight Estonian refugees who sailed to U.S. to escape Russian domination will
he allowed to remain in the country, according to an announcement bv President Truman. They're
shown above as they heard the good news at the U.S. Border Patrol docks in Miami, Fla., where the
refugee boats are at anchor and the refugees were held in custody.

THEY CAN STAY—Forty-eight Estonian refugees who sailed to U.S. to escape Russian domination will
he allowed to remain in the country, according to an announcement bv President Truman. They're
shown above as they heard the good news at the U.S. Border Patrol docks in Miami, Fla., where the
refugee boats are at anchor and the refugees were held in custody.

THEY CAN STAY—Forty-eight Estonian refugees who sailed to U.S. to escape Russian domination will
he allowed to remain in the country, according to an announcement bv President Truman. They're
shown above as they heard the good news at the U.S. Border Patrol docks in Miami, Fla., where the
refugee boats are at anchor and the refugees were held in custody.

THEY CAN STAY—Forty-eight Estonian refugees who sailed to U.S. to escape Russian domination will
he allowed to remain in the country, according to an announcement bv President Truman. They're
shown above as they heard the good news at the U.S. Border Patrol docks in Miami, Fla., where the
refugee boats are at anchor and the refugees were held in custody.
