# March, Lombard Star In Sunday Series Film
## 
### 
Featuring a technicolor film,
"Nothing Sacred." the campus
Sunday Evening Scries will start
the new quarter this Sunday eve
ning at 7:30 in the Memorial Au
ditorium.
Starring Fredric March and Car
ole Lombard, the story concerns a
newspaper reporter trying to up
bis paper's circulation and a
country girl trying to wangle a
trip to New York. Admission is
20 cents.
Featuring a technicolor film,
"Nothing Sacred." the campus
Sunday Evening Scries will start
the new quarter this Sunday eve
ning at 7:30 in the Memorial Au
ditorium.
Starring Fredric March and Car
ole Lombard, the story concerns a
newspaper reporter trying to up
bis paper's circulation and a
country girl trying to wangle a
trip to New York. Admission is
20 cents.
Featuring a technicolor film,
"Nothing Sacred." the campus
Sunday Evening Scries will start
the new quarter this Sunday eve
ning at 7:30 in the Memorial Au
ditorium.
Starring Fredric March and Car
ole Lombard, the story concerns a
newspaper reporter trying to up
bis paper's circulation and a
country girl trying to wangle a
trip to New York. Admission is
20 cents.
Featuring a technicolor film,
"Nothing Sacred." the campus
Sunday Evening Scries will start
the new quarter this Sunday eve
ning at 7:30 in the Memorial Au
ditorium.
Starring Fredric March and Car
ole Lombard, the story concerns a
newspaper reporter trying to up
bis paper's circulation and a
country girl trying to wangle a
trip to New York. Admission is
20 cents.
Featuring a technicolor film,
"Nothing Sacred." the campus
Sunday Evening Scries will start
the new quarter this Sunday eve
ning at 7:30 in the Memorial Au
ditorium.
Starring Fredric March and Car
ole Lombard, the story concerns a
newspaper reporter trying to up
bis paper's circulation and a
country girl trying to wangle a
trip to New York. Admission is
20 cents.
Featuring a technicolor film,
"Nothing Sacred." the campus
Sunday Evening Scries will start
the new quarter this Sunday eve
ning at 7:30 in the Memorial Au
ditorium.
Starring Fredric March and Car
ole Lombard, the story concerns a
newspaper reporter trying to up
bis paper's circulation and a
country girl trying to wangle a
trip to New York. Admission is
20 cents.
Featuring a technicolor film,
"Nothing Sacred." the campus
Sunday Evening Scries will start
the new quarter this Sunday eve
ning at 7:30 in the Memorial Au
ditorium.
Starring Fredric March and Car
ole Lombard, the story concerns a
newspaper reporter trying to up
bis paper's circulation and a
country girl trying to wangle a
trip to New York. Admission is
20 cents.
Featuring a technicolor film,
"Nothing Sacred." the campus
Sunday Evening Scries will start
the new quarter this Sunday eve
ning at 7:30 in the Memorial Au
ditorium.
Starring Fredric March and Car
ole Lombard, the story concerns a
newspaper reporter trying to up
bis paper's circulation and a
country girl trying to wangle a
trip to New York. Admission is
20 cents.
Featuring a technicolor film,
"Nothing Sacred." the campus
Sunday Evening Scries will start
the new quarter this Sunday eve
ning at 7:30 in the Memorial Au
ditorium.
Starring Fredric March and Car
ole Lombard, the story concerns a
newspaper reporter trying to up
bis paper's circulation and a
country girl trying to wangle a
trip to New York. Admission is
20 cents.
Featuring a technicolor film,
"Nothing Sacred." the campus
Sunday Evening Scries will start
the new quarter this Sunday eve
ning at 7:30 in the Memorial Au
ditorium.
Starring Fredric March and Car
ole Lombard, the story concerns a
newspaper reporter trying to up
bis paper's circulation and a
country girl trying to wangle a
trip to New York. Admission is
20 cents.
Featuring a technicolor film,
"Nothing Sacred." the campus
Sunday Evening Scries will start
the new quarter this Sunday eve
ning at 7:30 in the Memorial Au
ditorium.
Starring Fredric March and Car
ole Lombard, the story concerns a
newspaper reporter trying to up
bis paper's circulation and a
country girl trying to wangle a
trip to New York. Admission is
20 cents.
Featuring a technicolor film,
"Nothing Sacred." the campus
Sunday Evening Scries will start
the new quarter this Sunday eve
ning at 7:30 in the Memorial Au
ditorium.
Starring Fredric March and Car
ole Lombard, the story concerns a
newspaper reporter trying to up
bis paper's circulation and a
country girl trying to wangle a
trip to New York. Admission is
20 cents.
Featuring a technicolor film,
"Nothing Sacred." the campus
Sunday Evening Scries will start
the new quarter this Sunday eve
ning at 7:30 in the Memorial Au
ditorium.
Starring Fredric March and Car
ole Lombard, the story concerns a
newspaper reporter trying to up
bis paper's circulation and a
country girl trying to wangle a
trip to New York. Admission is
20 cents.
Featuring a technicolor film,
"Nothing Sacred." the campus
Sunday Evening Scries will start
the new quarter this Sunday eve
ning at 7:30 in the Memorial Au
ditorium.
Starring Fredric March and Car
ole Lombard, the story concerns a
newspaper reporter trying to up
bis paper's circulation and a
country girl trying to wangle a
trip to New York. Admission is
20 cents.
Featuring a technicolor film,
"Nothing Sacred." the campus
Sunday Evening Scries will start
the new quarter this Sunday eve
ning at 7:30 in the Memorial Au
ditorium.
Starring Fredric March and Car
ole Lombard, the story concerns a
newspaper reporter trying to up
bis paper's circulation and a
country girl trying to wangle a
trip to New York. Admission is
20 cents.
