# Correction
## 
### 
In Jim Schneider's recent
advertisement for the Coalition
for an Academic Community, the
Daily inadvertently omitted a line
that read, "These are your ASSU
Senators." The ad was placed for
the purpose of informing the
readership of the names of the
Senators. The Daily regrets the
error.
In Jim Schneider's recent
advertisement for the Coalition
for an Academic Community, the
Daily inadvertently omitted a line
that read, "These are your ASSU
Senators." The ad was placed for
the purpose of informing the
readership of the names of the
Senators. The Daily regrets the
error.
In Jim Schneider's recent
advertisement for the Coalition
for an Academic Community, the
Daily inadvertently omitted a line
that read, "These are your ASSU
Senators." The ad was placed for
the purpose of informing the
readership of the names of the
Senators. The Daily regrets the
error.
In Jim Schneider's recent
advertisement for the Coalition
for an Academic Community, the
Daily inadvertently omitted a line
that read, "These are your ASSU
Senators." The ad was placed for
the purpose of informing the
readership of the names of the
Senators. The Daily regrets the
error.
In Jim Schneider's recent
advertisement for the Coalition
for an Academic Community, the
Daily inadvertently omitted a line
that read, "These are your ASSU
Senators." The ad was placed for
the purpose of informing the
readership of the names of the
Senators. The Daily regrets the
error.
In Jim Schneider's recent
advertisement for the Coalition
for an Academic Community, the
Daily inadvertently omitted a line
that read, "These are your ASSU
Senators." The ad was placed for
the purpose of informing the
readership of the names of the
Senators. The Daily regrets the
error.
In Jim Schneider's recent
advertisement for the Coalition
for an Academic Community, the
Daily inadvertently omitted a line
that read, "These are your ASSU
Senators." The ad was placed for
the purpose of informing the
readership of the names of the
Senators. The Daily regrets the
error.
In Jim Schneider's recent
advertisement for the Coalition
for an Academic Community, the
Daily inadvertently omitted a line
that read, "These are your ASSU
Senators." The ad was placed for
the purpose of informing the
readership of the names of the
Senators. The Daily regrets the
error.
In Jim Schneider's recent
advertisement for the Coalition
for an Academic Community, the
Daily inadvertently omitted a line
that read, "These are your ASSU
Senators." The ad was placed for
the purpose of informing the
readership of the names of the
Senators. The Daily regrets the
error.
In Jim Schneider's recent
advertisement for the Coalition
for an Academic Community, the
Daily inadvertently omitted a line
that read, "These are your ASSU
Senators." The ad was placed for
the purpose of informing the
readership of the names of the
Senators. The Daily regrets the
error.
In Jim Schneider's recent
advertisement for the Coalition
for an Academic Community, the
Daily inadvertently omitted a line
that read, "These are your ASSU
Senators." The ad was placed for
the purpose of informing the
readership of the names of the
Senators. The Daily regrets the
error.
In Jim Schneider's recent
advertisement for the Coalition
for an Academic Community, the
Daily inadvertently omitted a line
that read, "These are your ASSU
Senators." The ad was placed for
the purpose of informing the
readership of the names of the
Senators. The Daily regrets the
error.
In Jim Schneider's recent
advertisement for the Coalition
for an Academic Community, the
Daily inadvertently omitted a line
that read, "These are your ASSU
Senators." The ad was placed for
the purpose of informing the
readership of the names of the
Senators. The Daily regrets the
error.
In Jim Schneider's recent
advertisement for the Coalition
for an Academic Community, the
Daily inadvertently omitted a line
that read, "These are your ASSU
Senators." The ad was placed for
the purpose of informing the
readership of the names of the
Senators. The Daily regrets the
error.
