# Up Next: Baseball
## 
### 
No. 2 Stanford at No. 4 Florida State
Site: Dick 1 lovvscr Stadium
lime: I oday, p.m.
Records: Stanford .VI; Florida State
5-1.
(iame Notes: I"lk*< lardinal will look
lot a measure of revenge as it tt ies to
stt ikt* back .it the Setninoles, who
knot ked Stanford out ol the ('.ollcge
World Series in ,i 13-inning runlest
last Jnne. Also look for (Cardinal ace
)ason oung < 1-0 W-l , l.'>o I RX) to
regain his dominating st\ U- altet two
sub-par outings toopen the season.

No. 2 Stanford at No. 4 Florida State
Site: Dick 1 lovvscr Stadium
lime: I oday, p.m.
Records: Stanford .VI; Florida State
5-1.
(iame Notes: I"lk*< lardinal will look
lot a measure of revenge as it tt ies to
stt ikt* back .it the Setninoles, who
knot ked Stanford out ol the ('.ollcge
World Series in ,i 13-inning runlest
last Jnne. Also look for (Cardinal ace
)ason oung < 1-0 W-l , l.'>o I RX) to
regain his dominating st\ U- altet two
sub-par outings toopen the season.

No. 2 Stanford at No. 4 Florida State
Site: Dick 1 lovvscr Stadium
lime: I oday, p.m.
Records: Stanford .VI; Florida State
5-1.
(iame Notes: I"lk*< lardinal will look
lot a measure of revenge as it tt ies to
stt ikt* back .it the Setninoles, who
knot ked Stanford out ol the ('.ollcge
World Series in ,i 13-inning runlest
last Jnne. Also look for (Cardinal ace
)ason oung < 1-0 W-l , l.'>o I RX) to
regain his dominating st\ U- altet two
sub-par outings toopen the season.

No. 2 Stanford at No. 4 Florida State
Site: Dick 1 lovvscr Stadium
lime: I oday, p.m.
Records: Stanford .VI; Florida State
5-1.
(iame Notes: I"lk*< lardinal will look
lot a measure of revenge as it tt ies to
stt ikt* back .it the Setninoles, who
knot ked Stanford out ol the ('.ollcge
World Series in ,i 13-inning runlest
last Jnne. Also look for (Cardinal ace
)ason oung < 1-0 W-l , l.'>o I RX) to
regain his dominating st\ U- altet two
sub-par outings toopen the season.

No. 2 Stanford at No. 4 Florida State
Site: Dick 1 lovvscr Stadium
lime: I oday, p.m.
Records: Stanford .VI; Florida State
5-1.
(iame Notes: I"lk*< lardinal will look
lot a measure of revenge as it tt ies to
stt ikt* back .it the Setninoles, who
knot ked Stanford out ol the ('.ollcge
World Series in ,i 13-inning runlest
last Jnne. Also look for (Cardinal ace
)ason oung < 1-0 W-l , l.'>o I RX) to
regain his dominating st\ U- altet two
sub-par outings toopen the season.

No. 2 Stanford at No. 4 Florida State
Site: Dick 1 lovvscr Stadium
lime: I oday, p.m.
Records: Stanford .VI; Florida State
5-1.
(iame Notes: I"lk*< lardinal will look
lot a measure of revenge as it tt ies to
stt ikt* back .it the Setninoles, who
knot ked Stanford out ol the ('.ollcge
World Series in ,i 13-inning runlest
last Jnne. Also look for (Cardinal ace
)ason oung < 1-0 W-l , l.'>o I RX) to
regain his dominating st\ U- altet two
sub-par outings toopen the season.

