# J.C. Robertson to Lecture on Scotland
## 
### 
A lecture Of much interest to stu
dents of English literature will be
delivered next Friday afternoon at
3:30 in the Chapel. The speaker will
be Hon. J. C. Robertson of the Uni
versity of Glasgow, Scotland, and the
subject of his address will be "Men
and Places In Scotland." Bailie Rob
ertson is at present the guest of his
niece Mrs. A. L. Guerard.
A lecture Of much interest to stu
dents of English literature will be
delivered next Friday afternoon at
3:30 in the Chapel. The speaker will
be Hon. J. C. Robertson of the Uni
versity of Glasgow, Scotland, and the
subject of his address will be "Men
and Places In Scotland." Bailie Rob
ertson is at present the guest of his
niece Mrs. A. L. Guerard.
A lecture Of much interest to stu
dents of English literature will be
delivered next Friday afternoon at
3:30 in the Chapel. The speaker will
be Hon. J. C. Robertson of the Uni
versity of Glasgow, Scotland, and the
subject of his address will be "Men
and Places In Scotland." Bailie Rob
ertson is at present the guest of his
niece Mrs. A. L. Guerard.
A lecture Of much interest to stu
dents of English literature will be
delivered next Friday afternoon at
3:30 in the Chapel. The speaker will
be Hon. J. C. Robertson of the Uni
versity of Glasgow, Scotland, and the
subject of his address will be "Men
and Places In Scotland." Bailie Rob
ertson is at present the guest of his
niece Mrs. A. L. Guerard.
A lecture Of much interest to stu
dents of English literature will be
delivered next Friday afternoon at
3:30 in the Chapel. The speaker will
be Hon. J. C. Robertson of the Uni
versity of Glasgow, Scotland, and the
subject of his address will be "Men
and Places In Scotland." Bailie Rob
ertson is at present the guest of his
niece Mrs. A. L. Guerard.
A lecture Of much interest to stu
dents of English literature will be
delivered next Friday afternoon at
3:30 in the Chapel. The speaker will
be Hon. J. C. Robertson of the Uni
versity of Glasgow, Scotland, and the
subject of his address will be "Men
and Places In Scotland." Bailie Rob
ertson is at present the guest of his
niece Mrs. A. L. Guerard.
A lecture Of much interest to stu
dents of English literature will be
delivered next Friday afternoon at
3:30 in the Chapel. The speaker will
be Hon. J. C. Robertson of the Uni
versity of Glasgow, Scotland, and the
subject of his address will be "Men
and Places In Scotland." Bailie Rob
ertson is at present the guest of his
niece Mrs. A. L. Guerard.
A lecture Of much interest to stu
dents of English literature will be
delivered next Friday afternoon at
3:30 in the Chapel. The speaker will
be Hon. J. C. Robertson of the Uni
versity of Glasgow, Scotland, and the
subject of his address will be "Men
and Places In Scotland." Bailie Rob
ertson is at present the guest of his
niece Mrs. A. L. Guerard.
A lecture Of much interest to stu
dents of English literature will be
delivered next Friday afternoon at
3:30 in the Chapel. The speaker will
be Hon. J. C. Robertson of the Uni
versity of Glasgow, Scotland, and the
subject of his address will be "Men
and Places In Scotland." Bailie Rob
ertson is at present the guest of his
niece Mrs. A. L. Guerard.
A lecture Of much interest to stu
dents of English literature will be
delivered next Friday afternoon at
3:30 in the Chapel. The speaker will
be Hon. J. C. Robertson of the Uni
versity of Glasgow, Scotland, and the
subject of his address will be "Men
and Places In Scotland." Bailie Rob
ertson is at present the guest of his
niece Mrs. A. L. Guerard.
