# Rioting Closes Ohio University
## 
### 
WILBERFORCE, Ohio (CPS)â€”
Central State University was of
ficially closed yesterday after
a series of student demonstra
tions which brought Ohio nation
al guard troops onto the campus
to restore order.
The University was closed af
ter a special meeting of the
Board of Trustees, and all stu
dents were urged "to leave the
dormitories and proceed to their
homes at the earliest possible
time."
Officials at the school said
classes may not be resumed un
til after Thanksgiving.
Respond To Riot*
The action by the Board of
Trustees was in response to stu
dent riots which grew out of a
sit-in aimed at protecting a
young, black activist who return
ed to the Central State Campus
Monday after being suspended
from the University. The sit-in
grew into disorder, and Ohio
Gov. James Rhodes ordered na
tional guardsmen to the area.
The Board of Trustees said the
school was closed "for the safe

ty and welfare of the student
body."
Central State students Monday
were engaged in confrontations
with Sheriff's officers, highway
patrolmen, and about 250 na
tional guardsman. A confronta
tion also occurred between stu
dents at Central State and Wil
berforce University across the
street. Both schools have pre
dominantly Negro student
bodies.
100 Arrested
About 100 students were ar
rested during the demonstra
tions, and many were reported
injured.
The student riots started when
Michael Warren, 21, returned
to the campus after being sus
pended. Police came to the cam
pus to arrest Warren for tres
passing, but about 300 students
blocked officers from entering
the building where Warren was
attending classes.
The sit-in led to a general out
break during which one Univer
sity official said "the campus was
under siege."

When students who gathered
on the campus Monday ignored
police orders to disperse, sheriff's
officers from four counties and
about 100 highway patrolmen
moved in. They were met at the
dormitory complex by students
hurling rocks, sticks, and sec
tions of iron pipe. When the out
break occurred, about 250 na
tional guardsmen were sent to
the campus to restore order.
Riot At Wllberforce
After the incident with police,
several Central State students
went to the Wilberforce campus
to recruit students for their
cause. When the Wilberforce
students failed to respond, fights
occurred between students from
the two schools.
The Central State protesters
threatened to burn down the
Wilberforce dormitories if the
students at the school would
not join their demonstration.
Wilberforce students guarded
the entrances to their dorms to
beat back Central State students
who attempted to enter.
