# Meeting Set For Beirut
## 
### 
There will be an orientation
meeting for this year's Stanford
American University of Beirut
program tonight at 8:15. It will
be held in the Tresidder Small
Lounge.
At tonight's meeting there will
be native music and slides of
Lebanon. George Saliba, the
AUB scholar at Stanford this
year, said that this meeting will
be, in effect, a week's orientation
program compressed into one
meeting.
The AUB program includes a
scholarship which is awarded to
two students each year. Stanford
sends one student to the univer
sity in Beirut and the AUB, in
return, sends one to Stanford.
All interested students are in
vited to apply for a scholarship
to the University and applica
tions may be picked up at the
International Center. They are
due November 22.
There will be an orientation
meeting for this year's Stanford
American University of Beirut
program tonight at 8:15. It will
be held in the Tresidder Small
Lounge.
At tonight's meeting there will
be native music and slides of
Lebanon. George Saliba, the
AUB scholar at Stanford this
year, said that this meeting will
be, in effect, a week's orientation
program compressed into one
meeting.
The AUB program includes a
scholarship which is awarded to
two students each year. Stanford
sends one student to the univer
sity in Beirut and the AUB, in
return, sends one to Stanford.
All interested students are in
vited to apply for a scholarship
to the University and applica
tions may be picked up at the
International Center. They are
due November 22.
There will be an orientation
meeting for this year's Stanford
American University of Beirut
program tonight at 8:15. It will
be held in the Tresidder Small
Lounge.
At tonight's meeting there will
be native music and slides of
Lebanon. George Saliba, the
AUB scholar at Stanford this
year, said that this meeting will
be, in effect, a week's orientation
program compressed into one
meeting.
The AUB program includes a
scholarship which is awarded to
two students each year. Stanford
sends one student to the univer
sity in Beirut and the AUB, in
return, sends one to Stanford.
All interested students are in
vited to apply for a scholarship
to the University and applica
tions may be picked up at the
International Center. They are
due November 22.
There will be an orientation
meeting for this year's Stanford
American University of Beirut
program tonight at 8:15. It will
be held in the Tresidder Small
Lounge.
At tonight's meeting there will
be native music and slides of
Lebanon. George Saliba, the
AUB scholar at Stanford this
year, said that this meeting will
be, in effect, a week's orientation
program compressed into one
meeting.
The AUB program includes a
scholarship which is awarded to
two students each year. Stanford
sends one student to the univer
sity in Beirut and the AUB, in
return, sends one to Stanford.
All interested students are in
vited to apply for a scholarship
to the University and applica
tions may be picked up at the
International Center. They are
due November 22.
There will be an orientation
meeting for this year's Stanford
American University of Beirut
program tonight at 8:15. It will
be held in the Tresidder Small
Lounge.
At tonight's meeting there will
be native music and slides of
Lebanon. George Saliba, the
AUB scholar at Stanford this
year, said that this meeting will
be, in effect, a week's orientation
program compressed into one
meeting.
The AUB program includes a
scholarship which is awarded to
two students each year. Stanford
sends one student to the univer
sity in Beirut and the AUB, in
return, sends one to Stanford.
All interested students are in
vited to apply for a scholarship
to the University and applica
tions may be picked up at the
International Center. They are
due November 22.
There will be an orientation
meeting for this year's Stanford
American University of Beirut
program tonight at 8:15. It will
be held in the Tresidder Small
Lounge.
At tonight's meeting there will
be native music and slides of
Lebanon. George Saliba, the
AUB scholar at Stanford this
year, said that this meeting will
be, in effect, a week's orientation
program compressed into one
meeting.
The AUB program includes a
scholarship which is awarded to
two students each year. Stanford
sends one student to the univer
sity in Beirut and the AUB, in
return, sends one to Stanford.
All interested students are in
vited to apply for a scholarship
to the University and applica
tions may be picked up at the
International Center. They are
due November 22.
There will be an orientation
meeting for this year's Stanford
American University of Beirut
program tonight at 8:15. It will
be held in the Tresidder Small
Lounge.
At tonight's meeting there will
be native music and slides of
Lebanon. George Saliba, the
AUB scholar at Stanford this
year, said that this meeting will
be, in effect, a week's orientation
program compressed into one
meeting.
The AUB program includes a
scholarship which is awarded to
two students each year. Stanford
sends one student to the univer
sity in Beirut and the AUB, in
return, sends one to Stanford.
All interested students are in
vited to apply for a scholarship
to the University and applica
tions may be picked up at the
International Center. They are
due November 22.
There will be an orientation
meeting for this year's Stanford
American University of Beirut
program tonight at 8:15. It will
be held in the Tresidder Small
Lounge.
At tonight's meeting there will
be native music and slides of
Lebanon. George Saliba, the
AUB scholar at Stanford this
year, said that this meeting will
be, in effect, a week's orientation
program compressed into one
meeting.
The AUB program includes a
scholarship which is awarded to
two students each year. Stanford
sends one student to the univer
sity in Beirut and the AUB, in
return, sends one to Stanford.
All interested students are in
vited to apply for a scholarship
to the University and applica
tions may be picked up at the
International Center. They are
due November 22.
There will be an orientation
meeting for this year's Stanford
American University of Beirut
program tonight at 8:15. It will
be held in the Tresidder Small
Lounge.
At tonight's meeting there will
be native music and slides of
Lebanon. George Saliba, the
AUB scholar at Stanford this
year, said that this meeting will
be, in effect, a week's orientation
program compressed into one
meeting.
The AUB program includes a
scholarship which is awarded to
two students each year. Stanford
sends one student to the univer
sity in Beirut and the AUB, in
return, sends one to Stanford.
All interested students are in
vited to apply for a scholarship
to the University and applica
tions may be picked up at the
International Center. They are
due November 22.
There will be an orientation
meeting for this year's Stanford
American University of Beirut
program tonight at 8:15. It will
be held in the Tresidder Small
Lounge.
At tonight's meeting there will
be native music and slides of
Lebanon. George Saliba, the
AUB scholar at Stanford this
year, said that this meeting will
be, in effect, a week's orientation
program compressed into one
meeting.
The AUB program includes a
scholarship which is awarded to
two students each year. Stanford
sends one student to the univer
sity in Beirut and the AUB, in
return, sends one to Stanford.
All interested students are in
vited to apply for a scholarship
to the University and applica
tions may be picked up at the
International Center. They are
due November 22.
There will be an orientation
meeting for this year's Stanford
American University of Beirut
program tonight at 8:15. It will
be held in the Tresidder Small
Lounge.
At tonight's meeting there will
be native music and slides of
Lebanon. George Saliba, the
AUB scholar at Stanford this
year, said that this meeting will
be, in effect, a week's orientation
program compressed into one
meeting.
The AUB program includes a
scholarship which is awarded to
two students each year. Stanford
sends one student to the univer
sity in Beirut and the AUB, in
return, sends one to Stanford.
All interested students are in
vited to apply for a scholarship
to the University and applica
tions may be picked up at the
International Center. They are
due November 22.
There will be an orientation
meeting for this year's Stanford
American University of Beirut
program tonight at 8:15. It will
be held in the Tresidder Small
Lounge.
At tonight's meeting there will
be native music and slides of
Lebanon. George Saliba, the
AUB scholar at Stanford this
year, said that this meeting will
be, in effect, a week's orientation
program compressed into one
meeting.
The AUB program includes a
scholarship which is awarded to
two students each year. Stanford
sends one student to the univer
sity in Beirut and the AUB, in
return, sends one to Stanford.
All interested students are in
vited to apply for a scholarship
to the University and applica
tions may be picked up at the
International Center. They are
due November 22.
There will be an orientation
meeting for this year's Stanford
American University of Beirut
program tonight at 8:15. It will
be held in the Tresidder Small
Lounge.
At tonight's meeting there will
be native music and slides of
Lebanon. George Saliba, the
AUB scholar at Stanford this
year, said that this meeting will
be, in effect, a week's orientation
program compressed into one
meeting.
The AUB program includes a
scholarship which is awarded to
two students each year. Stanford
sends one student to the univer
sity in Beirut and the AUB, in
return, sends one to Stanford.
All interested students are in
vited to apply for a scholarship
to the University and applica
tions may be picked up at the
International Center. They are
due November 22.
There will be an orientation
meeting for this year's Stanford
American University of Beirut
program tonight at 8:15. It will
be held in the Tresidder Small
Lounge.
At tonight's meeting there will
be native music and slides of
Lebanon. George Saliba, the
AUB scholar at Stanford this
year, said that this meeting will
be, in effect, a week's orientation
program compressed into one
meeting.
The AUB program includes a
scholarship which is awarded to
two students each year. Stanford
sends one student to the univer
sity in Beirut and the AUB, in
return, sends one to Stanford.
All interested students are in
vited to apply for a scholarship
to the University and applica
tions may be picked up at the
International Center. They are
due November 22.
There will be an orientation
meeting for this year's Stanford
American University of Beirut
program tonight at 8:15. It will
be held in the Tresidder Small
Lounge.
At tonight's meeting there will
be native music and slides of
Lebanon. George Saliba, the
AUB scholar at Stanford this
year, said that this meeting will
be, in effect, a week's orientation
program compressed into one
meeting.
The AUB program includes a
scholarship which is awarded to
two students each year. Stanford
sends one student to the univer
sity in Beirut and the AUB, in
return, sends one to Stanford.
All interested students are in
vited to apply for a scholarship
to the University and applica
tions may be picked up at the
International Center. They are
due November 22.
There will be an orientation
meeting for this year's Stanford
American University of Beirut
program tonight at 8:15. It will
be held in the Tresidder Small
Lounge.
At tonight's meeting there will
be native music and slides of
Lebanon. George Saliba, the
AUB scholar at Stanford this
year, said that this meeting will
be, in effect, a week's orientation
program compressed into one
meeting.
The AUB program includes a
scholarship which is awarded to
two students each year. Stanford
sends one student to the univer
sity in Beirut and the AUB, in
return, sends one to Stanford.
All interested students are in
vited to apply for a scholarship
to the University and applica
tions may be picked up at the
International Center. They are
due November 22.
