# Daily Retracts; No Illegal Rushing
## 
### 
Interfraternity Council's action in
dissolving a pledge was misinter
preted in yesterday's Daily article.
The Daily reporter said the coun
cil dissolved the pledge of an ille
gally rushed second-quarter fresh
man. Actually there was nothing
illegal, only a misinterpretation of
rushing rules because of the speed
with which the original draft was
prepared.
The pledge was dissolved to give
other houses a chance to rush the
man in question. The man now falls
under the new rules that no one
with less than 45 units can be
rushed until formal rushing season
winter quarter.
Since nothing illegal was done, no
punishment was called for, ex
plained Ted LeVino, president of
Interfraterniay Council.
Interfraternity Council's action in
dissolving a pledge was misinter
preted in yesterday's Daily article.
The Daily reporter said the coun
cil dissolved the pledge of an ille
gally rushed second-quarter fresh
man. Actually there was nothing
illegal, only a misinterpretation of
rushing rules because of the speed
with which the original draft was
prepared.
The pledge was dissolved to give
other houses a chance to rush the
man in question. The man now falls
under the new rules that no one
with less than 45 units can be
rushed until formal rushing season
winter quarter.
Since nothing illegal was done, no
punishment was called for, ex
plained Ted LeVino, president of
Interfraterniay Council.
Interfraternity Council's action in
dissolving a pledge was misinter
preted in yesterday's Daily article.
The Daily reporter said the coun
cil dissolved the pledge of an ille
gally rushed second-quarter fresh
man. Actually there was nothing
illegal, only a misinterpretation of
rushing rules because of the speed
with which the original draft was
prepared.
The pledge was dissolved to give
other houses a chance to rush the
man in question. The man now falls
under the new rules that no one
with less than 45 units can be
rushed until formal rushing season
winter quarter.
Since nothing illegal was done, no
punishment was called for, ex
plained Ted LeVino, president of
Interfraterniay Council.
Interfraternity Council's action in
dissolving a pledge was misinter
preted in yesterday's Daily article.
The Daily reporter said the coun
cil dissolved the pledge of an ille
gally rushed second-quarter fresh
man. Actually there was nothing
illegal, only a misinterpretation of
rushing rules because of the speed
with which the original draft was
prepared.
The pledge was dissolved to give
other houses a chance to rush the
man in question. The man now falls
under the new rules that no one
with less than 45 units can be
rushed until formal rushing season
winter quarter.
Since nothing illegal was done, no
punishment was called for, ex
plained Ted LeVino, president of
Interfraterniay Council.
Interfraternity Council's action in
dissolving a pledge was misinter
preted in yesterday's Daily article.
The Daily reporter said the coun
cil dissolved the pledge of an ille
gally rushed second-quarter fresh
man. Actually there was nothing
illegal, only a misinterpretation of
rushing rules because of the speed
with which the original draft was
prepared.
The pledge was dissolved to give
other houses a chance to rush the
man in question. The man now falls
under the new rules that no one
with less than 45 units can be
rushed until formal rushing season
winter quarter.
Since nothing illegal was done, no
punishment was called for, ex
plained Ted LeVino, president of
Interfraterniay Council.
Interfraternity Council's action in
dissolving a pledge was misinter
preted in yesterday's Daily article.
The Daily reporter said the coun
cil dissolved the pledge of an ille
gally rushed second-quarter fresh
man. Actually there was nothing
illegal, only a misinterpretation of
rushing rules because of the speed
with which the original draft was
prepared.
The pledge was dissolved to give
other houses a chance to rush the
man in question. The man now falls
under the new rules that no one
with less than 45 units can be
rushed until formal rushing season
winter quarter.
Since nothing illegal was done, no
punishment was called for, ex
plained Ted LeVino, president of
Interfraterniay Council.
Interfraternity Council's action in
dissolving a pledge was misinter
preted in yesterday's Daily article.
The Daily reporter said the coun
cil dissolved the pledge of an ille
gally rushed second-quarter fresh
man. Actually there was nothing
illegal, only a misinterpretation of
rushing rules because of the speed
with which the original draft was
prepared.
The pledge was dissolved to give
other houses a chance to rush the
man in question. The man now falls
under the new rules that no one
with less than 45 units can be
rushed until formal rushing season
winter quarter.
Since nothing illegal was done, no
punishment was called for, ex
plained Ted LeVino, president of
Interfraterniay Council.
Interfraternity Council's action in
dissolving a pledge was misinter
preted in yesterday's Daily article.
The Daily reporter said the coun
cil dissolved the pledge of an ille
gally rushed second-quarter fresh
man. Actually there was nothing
illegal, only a misinterpretation of
rushing rules because of the speed
with which the original draft was
prepared.
The pledge was dissolved to give
other houses a chance to rush the
man in question. The man now falls
under the new rules that no one
with less than 45 units can be
rushed until formal rushing season
winter quarter.
Since nothing illegal was done, no
punishment was called for, ex
plained Ted LeVino, president of
Interfraterniay Council.
Interfraternity Council's action in
dissolving a pledge was misinter
preted in yesterday's Daily article.
The Daily reporter said the coun
cil dissolved the pledge of an ille
gally rushed second-quarter fresh
man. Actually there was nothing
illegal, only a misinterpretation of
rushing rules because of the speed
with which the original draft was
prepared.
The pledge was dissolved to give
other houses a chance to rush the
man in question. The man now falls
under the new rules that no one
with less than 45 units can be
rushed until formal rushing season
winter quarter.
Since nothing illegal was done, no
punishment was called for, ex
plained Ted LeVino, president of
Interfraterniay Council.
Interfraternity Council's action in
dissolving a pledge was misinter
preted in yesterday's Daily article.
The Daily reporter said the coun
cil dissolved the pledge of an ille
gally rushed second-quarter fresh
man. Actually there was nothing
illegal, only a misinterpretation of
rushing rules because of the speed
with which the original draft was
prepared.
The pledge was dissolved to give
other houses a chance to rush the
man in question. The man now falls
under the new rules that no one
with less than 45 units can be
rushed until formal rushing season
winter quarter.
Since nothing illegal was done, no
punishment was called for, ex
plained Ted LeVino, president of
Interfraterniay Council.
Interfraternity Council's action in
dissolving a pledge was misinter
preted in yesterday's Daily article.
The Daily reporter said the coun
cil dissolved the pledge of an ille
gally rushed second-quarter fresh
man. Actually there was nothing
illegal, only a misinterpretation of
rushing rules because of the speed
with which the original draft was
prepared.
The pledge was dissolved to give
other houses a chance to rush the
man in question. The man now falls
under the new rules that no one
with less than 45 units can be
rushed until formal rushing season
winter quarter.
Since nothing illegal was done, no
punishment was called for, ex
plained Ted LeVino, president of
Interfraterniay Council.
Interfraternity Council's action in
dissolving a pledge was misinter
preted in yesterday's Daily article.
The Daily reporter said the coun
cil dissolved the pledge of an ille
gally rushed second-quarter fresh
man. Actually there was nothing
illegal, only a misinterpretation of
rushing rules because of the speed
with which the original draft was
prepared.
The pledge was dissolved to give
other houses a chance to rush the
man in question. The man now falls
under the new rules that no one
with less than 45 units can be
rushed until formal rushing season
winter quarter.
Since nothing illegal was done, no
punishment was called for, ex
plained Ted LeVino, president of
Interfraterniay Council.
Interfraternity Council's action in
dissolving a pledge was misinter
preted in yesterday's Daily article.
The Daily reporter said the coun
cil dissolved the pledge of an ille
gally rushed second-quarter fresh
man. Actually there was nothing
illegal, only a misinterpretation of
rushing rules because of the speed
with which the original draft was
prepared.
The pledge was dissolved to give
other houses a chance to rush the
man in question. The man now falls
under the new rules that no one
with less than 45 units can be
rushed until formal rushing season
winter quarter.
Since nothing illegal was done, no
punishment was called for, ex
plained Ted LeVino, president of
Interfraterniay Council.
Interfraternity Council's action in
dissolving a pledge was misinter
preted in yesterday's Daily article.
The Daily reporter said the coun
cil dissolved the pledge of an ille
gally rushed second-quarter fresh
man. Actually there was nothing
illegal, only a misinterpretation of
rushing rules because of the speed
with which the original draft was
prepared.
The pledge was dissolved to give
other houses a chance to rush the
man in question. The man now falls
under the new rules that no one
with less than 45 units can be
rushed until formal rushing season
winter quarter.
Since nothing illegal was done, no
punishment was called for, ex
plained Ted LeVino, president of
Interfraterniay Council.
Interfraternity Council's action in
dissolving a pledge was misinter
preted in yesterday's Daily article.
The Daily reporter said the coun
cil dissolved the pledge of an ille
gally rushed second-quarter fresh
man. Actually there was nothing
illegal, only a misinterpretation of
rushing rules because of the speed
with which the original draft was
prepared.
The pledge was dissolved to give
other houses a chance to rush the
man in question. The man now falls
under the new rules that no one
with less than 45 units can be
rushed until formal rushing season
winter quarter.
Since nothing illegal was done, no
punishment was called for, ex
plained Ted LeVino, president of
Interfraterniay Council.
Interfraternity Council's action in
dissolving a pledge was misinter
preted in yesterday's Daily article.
The Daily reporter said the coun
cil dissolved the pledge of an ille
gally rushed second-quarter fresh
man. Actually there was nothing
illegal, only a misinterpretation of
rushing rules because of the speed
with which the original draft was
prepared.
The pledge was dissolved to give
other houses a chance to rush the
man in question. The man now falls
under the new rules that no one
with less than 45 units can be
rushed until formal rushing season
winter quarter.
Since nothing illegal was done, no
punishment was called for, ex
plained Ted LeVino, president of
Interfraterniay Council.
