# Petrillo Makes Pact To Lift Record Ban
## 
### 
NEW YORK. Nov. 9 (TP) — The
phonograph record companies and
James C. Petrillo wrapped up final
details today of their plan for end
ing the 10-month-old recording ban.
Frank White, president of Colum
bia Records and spokesman for the
industry committee, announced
agreement with Petrillo's American
Federation of Musicians on a labor
con tract.
The labor contract and trust
agreement will be submitted to the
Attorney General's office in Wash
ington tomorrow for a ruling on le
gality under the Taft-Hartley Act.
NEW YORK. Nov. 9 (TP) — The
phonograph record companies and
James C. Petrillo wrapped up final
details today of their plan for end
ing the 10-month-old recording ban.
Frank White, president of Colum
bia Records and spokesman for the
industry committee, announced
agreement with Petrillo's American
Federation of Musicians on a labor
con tract.
The labor contract and trust
agreement will be submitted to the
Attorney General's office in Wash
ington tomorrow for a ruling on le
gality under the Taft-Hartley Act.
NEW YORK. Nov. 9 (TP) — The
phonograph record companies and
James C. Petrillo wrapped up final
details today of their plan for end
ing the 10-month-old recording ban.
Frank White, president of Colum
bia Records and spokesman for the
industry committee, announced
agreement with Petrillo's American
Federation of Musicians on a labor
con tract.
The labor contract and trust
agreement will be submitted to the
Attorney General's office in Wash
ington tomorrow for a ruling on le
gality under the Taft-Hartley Act.
NEW YORK. Nov. 9 (TP) — The
phonograph record companies and
James C. Petrillo wrapped up final
details today of their plan for end
ing the 10-month-old recording ban.
Frank White, president of Colum
bia Records and spokesman for the
industry committee, announced
agreement with Petrillo's American
Federation of Musicians on a labor
con tract.
The labor contract and trust
agreement will be submitted to the
Attorney General's office in Wash
ington tomorrow for a ruling on le
gality under the Taft-Hartley Act.
NEW YORK. Nov. 9 (TP) — The
phonograph record companies and
James C. Petrillo wrapped up final
details today of their plan for end
ing the 10-month-old recording ban.
Frank White, president of Colum
bia Records and spokesman for the
industry committee, announced
agreement with Petrillo's American
Federation of Musicians on a labor
con tract.
The labor contract and trust
agreement will be submitted to the
Attorney General's office in Wash
ington tomorrow for a ruling on le
gality under the Taft-Hartley Act.
NEW YORK. Nov. 9 (TP) — The
phonograph record companies and
James C. Petrillo wrapped up final
details today of their plan for end
ing the 10-month-old recording ban.
Frank White, president of Colum
bia Records and spokesman for the
industry committee, announced
agreement with Petrillo's American
Federation of Musicians on a labor
con tract.
The labor contract and trust
agreement will be submitted to the
Attorney General's office in Wash
ington tomorrow for a ruling on le
gality under the Taft-Hartley Act.
NEW YORK. Nov. 9 (TP) — The
phonograph record companies and
James C. Petrillo wrapped up final
details today of their plan for end
ing the 10-month-old recording ban.
Frank White, president of Colum
bia Records and spokesman for the
industry committee, announced
agreement with Petrillo's American
Federation of Musicians on a labor
con tract.
The labor contract and trust
agreement will be submitted to the
Attorney General's office in Wash
ington tomorrow for a ruling on le
gality under the Taft-Hartley Act.
NEW YORK. Nov. 9 (TP) — The
phonograph record companies and
James C. Petrillo wrapped up final
details today of their plan for end
ing the 10-month-old recording ban.
Frank White, president of Colum
bia Records and spokesman for the
industry committee, announced
agreement with Petrillo's American
Federation of Musicians on a labor
con tract.
The labor contract and trust
agreement will be submitted to the
Attorney General's office in Wash
ington tomorrow for a ruling on le
gality under the Taft-Hartley Act.
NEW YORK. Nov. 9 (TP) — The
phonograph record companies and
James C. Petrillo wrapped up final
details today of their plan for end
ing the 10-month-old recording ban.
Frank White, president of Colum
bia Records and spokesman for the
industry committee, announced
agreement with Petrillo's American
Federation of Musicians on a labor
con tract.
The labor contract and trust
agreement will be submitted to the
Attorney General's office in Wash
ington tomorrow for a ruling on le
gality under the Taft-Hartley Act.
NEW YORK. Nov. 9 (TP) — The
phonograph record companies and
James C. Petrillo wrapped up final
details today of their plan for end
ing the 10-month-old recording ban.
Frank White, president of Colum
bia Records and spokesman for the
industry committee, announced
agreement with Petrillo's American
Federation of Musicians on a labor
con tract.
The labor contract and trust
agreement will be submitted to the
Attorney General's office in Wash
ington tomorrow for a ruling on le
gality under the Taft-Hartley Act.
NEW YORK. Nov. 9 (TP) — The
phonograph record companies and
James C. Petrillo wrapped up final
details today of their plan for end
ing the 10-month-old recording ban.
Frank White, president of Colum
bia Records and spokesman for the
industry committee, announced
agreement with Petrillo's American
Federation of Musicians on a labor
con tract.
The labor contract and trust
agreement will be submitted to the
Attorney General's office in Wash
ington tomorrow for a ruling on le
gality under the Taft-Hartley Act.
NEW YORK. Nov. 9 (TP) — The
phonograph record companies and
James C. Petrillo wrapped up final
details today of their plan for end
ing the 10-month-old recording ban.
Frank White, president of Colum
bia Records and spokesman for the
industry committee, announced
agreement with Petrillo's American
Federation of Musicians on a labor
con tract.
The labor contract and trust
agreement will be submitted to the
Attorney General's office in Wash
ington tomorrow for a ruling on le
gality under the Taft-Hartley Act.
NEW YORK. Nov. 9 (TP) — The
phonograph record companies and
James C. Petrillo wrapped up final
details today of their plan for end
ing the 10-month-old recording ban.
Frank White, president of Colum
bia Records and spokesman for the
industry committee, announced
agreement with Petrillo's American
Federation of Musicians on a labor
con tract.
The labor contract and trust
agreement will be submitted to the
Attorney General's office in Wash
ington tomorrow for a ruling on le
gality under the Taft-Hartley Act.
NEW YORK. Nov. 9 (TP) — The
phonograph record companies and
James C. Petrillo wrapped up final
details today of their plan for end
ing the 10-month-old recording ban.
Frank White, president of Colum
bia Records and spokesman for the
industry committee, announced
agreement with Petrillo's American
Federation of Musicians on a labor
con tract.
The labor contract and trust
agreement will be submitted to the
Attorney General's office in Wash
ington tomorrow for a ruling on le
gality under the Taft-Hartley Act.
NEW YORK. Nov. 9 (TP) — The
phonograph record companies and
James C. Petrillo wrapped up final
details today of their plan for end
ing the 10-month-old recording ban.
Frank White, president of Colum
bia Records and spokesman for the
industry committee, announced
agreement with Petrillo's American
Federation of Musicians on a labor
con tract.
The labor contract and trust
agreement will be submitted to the
Attorney General's office in Wash
ington tomorrow for a ruling on le
gality under the Taft-Hartley Act.
NEW YORK. Nov. 9 (TP) — The
phonograph record companies and
James C. Petrillo wrapped up final
details today of their plan for end
ing the 10-month-old recording ban.
Frank White, president of Colum
bia Records and spokesman for the
industry committee, announced
agreement with Petrillo's American
Federation of Musicians on a labor
con tract.
The labor contract and trust
agreement will be submitted to the
Attorney General's office in Wash
ington tomorrow for a ruling on le
gality under the Taft-Hartley Act.
