# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
' a mi" iii i ~
STANFORD NIGHT
WITH POTENT CARDINAL
ENTERTAINMENT
Stanford's Glee Club Harmony
Team, Sumner and Sarrand, will
feature good old songs of the
Cardinal .... A talented Stan
fordite, Leo Matesky, and his
partner will put on sensational
exhibitions of the authoritative
terpsicliorean modes . . . "Chuck
Dutton and his Hotel Oakland
Ivory Court Dance Band offer
their usual potent rhythms and
novelty numbers.
Cardinals, it'll be a big night
Saturday, November 9th, after
the Stanford-Washington game.
And figure this! From Stanford
to Oakland via Dumbarton
Bridge is only 34 miles of good,
clear highway.
Dinner De Luxe two dollars with
no couvert. Seventy-five cent
couvert with other service.
■Hotel
Oakland
13th St. at Harrison Boulevard
Management of
W. C. Jurgens
' a mi" iii i ~
STANFORD NIGHT
WITH POTENT CARDINAL
ENTERTAINMENT
Stanford's Glee Club Harmony
Team, Sumner and Sarrand, will
feature good old songs of the
Cardinal .... A talented Stan
fordite, Leo Matesky, and his
partner will put on sensational
exhibitions of the authoritative
terpsicliorean modes . . . "Chuck
Dutton and his Hotel Oakland
Ivory Court Dance Band offer
their usual potent rhythms and
novelty numbers.
Cardinals, it'll be a big night
Saturday, November 9th, after
the Stanford-Washington game.
And figure this! From Stanford
to Oakland via Dumbarton
Bridge is only 34 miles of good,
clear highway.
Dinner De Luxe two dollars with
no couvert. Seventy-five cent
couvert with other service.
■Hotel
Oakland
13th St. at Harrison Boulevard
Management of
W. C. Jurgens
' a mi" iii i ~
STANFORD NIGHT
WITH POTENT CARDINAL
ENTERTAINMENT
Stanford's Glee Club Harmony
Team, Sumner and Sarrand, will
feature good old songs of the
Cardinal .... A talented Stan
fordite, Leo Matesky, and his
partner will put on sensational
exhibitions of the authoritative
terpsicliorean modes . . . "Chuck
Dutton and his Hotel Oakland
Ivory Court Dance Band offer
their usual potent rhythms and
novelty numbers.
Cardinals, it'll be a big night
Saturday, November 9th, after
the Stanford-Washington game.
And figure this! From Stanford
to Oakland via Dumbarton
Bridge is only 34 miles of good,
clear highway.
Dinner De Luxe two dollars with
no couvert. Seventy-five cent
couvert with other service.
■Hotel
Oakland
13th St. at Harrison Boulevard
Management of
W. C. Jurgens
' a mi" iii i ~
STANFORD NIGHT
WITH POTENT CARDINAL
ENTERTAINMENT
Stanford's Glee Club Harmony
Team, Sumner and Sarrand, will
feature good old songs of the
Cardinal .... A talented Stan
fordite, Leo Matesky, and his
partner will put on sensational
exhibitions of the authoritative
terpsicliorean modes . . . "Chuck
Dutton and his Hotel Oakland
Ivory Court Dance Band offer
their usual potent rhythms and
novelty numbers.
Cardinals, it'll be a big night
Saturday, November 9th, after
the Stanford-Washington game.
And figure this! From Stanford
to Oakland via Dumbarton
Bridge is only 34 miles of good,
clear highway.
Dinner De Luxe two dollars with
no couvert. Seventy-five cent
couvert with other service.
■Hotel
Oakland
13th St. at Harrison Boulevard
Management of
W. C. Jurgens
' a mi" iii i ~
STANFORD NIGHT
WITH POTENT CARDINAL
ENTERTAINMENT
Stanford's Glee Club Harmony
Team, Sumner and Sarrand, will
feature good old songs of the
Cardinal .... A talented Stan
fordite, Leo Matesky, and his
partner will put on sensational
exhibitions of the authoritative
terpsicliorean modes . . . "Chuck
Dutton and his Hotel Oakland
Ivory Court Dance Band offer
their usual potent rhythms and
novelty numbers.
Cardinals, it'll be a big night
Saturday, November 9th, after
the Stanford-Washington game.
And figure this! From Stanford
to Oakland via Dumbarton
Bridge is only 34 miles of good,
clear highway.
Dinner De Luxe two dollars with
no couvert. Seventy-five cent
couvert with other service.
■Hotel
Oakland
13th St. at Harrison Boulevard
Management of
W. C. Jurgens
' a mi" iii i ~
STANFORD NIGHT
WITH POTENT CARDINAL
ENTERTAINMENT
Stanford's Glee Club Harmony
Team, Sumner and Sarrand, will
feature good old songs of the
Cardinal .... A talented Stan
fordite, Leo Matesky, and his
partner will put on sensational
exhibitions of the authoritative
terpsicliorean modes . . . "Chuck
Dutton and his Hotel Oakland
Ivory Court Dance Band offer
their usual potent rhythms and
novelty numbers.
Cardinals, it'll be a big night
Saturday, November 9th, after
the Stanford-Washington game.
And figure this! From Stanford
to Oakland via Dumbarton
Bridge is only 34 miles of good,
clear highway.
Dinner De Luxe two dollars with
no couvert. Seventy-five cent
couvert with other service.
■Hotel
Oakland
13th St. at Harrison Boulevard
Management of
W. C. Jurgens
' a mi" iii i ~
STANFORD NIGHT
WITH POTENT CARDINAL
ENTERTAINMENT
Stanford's Glee Club Harmony
Team, Sumner and Sarrand, will
feature good old songs of the
Cardinal .... A talented Stan
fordite, Leo Matesky, and his
partner will put on sensational
exhibitions of the authoritative
terpsicliorean modes . . . "Chuck
Dutton and his Hotel Oakland
Ivory Court Dance Band offer
their usual potent rhythms and
novelty numbers.
Cardinals, it'll be a big night
Saturday, November 9th, after
the Stanford-Washington game.
And figure this! From Stanford
to Oakland via Dumbarton
Bridge is only 34 miles of good,
clear highway.
Dinner De Luxe two dollars with
no couvert. Seventy-five cent
couvert with other service.
■Hotel
Oakland
13th St. at Harrison Boulevard
Management of
W. C. Jurgens
' a mi" iii i ~
STANFORD NIGHT
WITH POTENT CARDINAL
ENTERTAINMENT
Stanford's Glee Club Harmony
Team, Sumner and Sarrand, will
feature good old songs of the
Cardinal .... A talented Stan
fordite, Leo Matesky, and his
partner will put on sensational
exhibitions of the authoritative
terpsicliorean modes . . . "Chuck
Dutton and his Hotel Oakland
Ivory Court Dance Band offer
their usual potent rhythms and
novelty numbers.
Cardinals, it'll be a big night
Saturday, November 9th, after
the Stanford-Washington game.
And figure this! From Stanford
to Oakland via Dumbarton
Bridge is only 34 miles of good,
clear highway.
Dinner De Luxe two dollars with
no couvert. Seventy-five cent
couvert with other service.
■Hotel
Oakland
13th St. at Harrison Boulevard
Management of
W. C. Jurgens
' a mi" iii i ~
STANFORD NIGHT
WITH POTENT CARDINAL
ENTERTAINMENT
Stanford's Glee Club Harmony
Team, Sumner and Sarrand, will
feature good old songs of the
Cardinal .... A talented Stan
fordite, Leo Matesky, and his
partner will put on sensational
exhibitions of the authoritative
terpsicliorean modes . . . "Chuck
Dutton and his Hotel Oakland
Ivory Court Dance Band offer
their usual potent rhythms and
novelty numbers.
Cardinals, it'll be a big night
Saturday, November 9th, after
the Stanford-Washington game.
And figure this! From Stanford
to Oakland via Dumbarton
Bridge is only 34 miles of good,
clear highway.
Dinner De Luxe two dollars with
no couvert. Seventy-five cent
couvert with other service.
■Hotel
Oakland
13th St. at Harrison Boulevard
Management of
W. C. Jurgens
' a mi" iii i ~
STANFORD NIGHT
WITH POTENT CARDINAL
ENTERTAINMENT
Stanford's Glee Club Harmony
Team, Sumner and Sarrand, will
feature good old songs of the
Cardinal .... A talented Stan
fordite, Leo Matesky, and his
partner will put on sensational
exhibitions of the authoritative
terpsicliorean modes . . . "Chuck
Dutton and his Hotel Oakland
Ivory Court Dance Band offer
their usual potent rhythms and
novelty numbers.
Cardinals, it'll be a big night
Saturday, November 9th, after
the Stanford-Washington game.
And figure this! From Stanford
to Oakland via Dumbarton
Bridge is only 34 miles of good,
clear highway.
Dinner De Luxe two dollars with
no couvert. Seventy-five cent
couvert with other service.
■Hotel
Oakland
13th St. at Harrison Boulevard
Management of
W. C. Jurgens
' a mi" iii i ~
STANFORD NIGHT
WITH POTENT CARDINAL
ENTERTAINMENT
Stanford's Glee Club Harmony
Team, Sumner and Sarrand, will
feature good old songs of the
Cardinal .... A talented Stan
fordite, Leo Matesky, and his
partner will put on sensational
exhibitions of the authoritative
terpsicliorean modes . . . "Chuck
Dutton and his Hotel Oakland
Ivory Court Dance Band offer
their usual potent rhythms and
novelty numbers.
Cardinals, it'll be a big night
Saturday, November 9th, after
the Stanford-Washington game.
And figure this! From Stanford
to Oakland via Dumbarton
Bridge is only 34 miles of good,
clear highway.
Dinner De Luxe two dollars with
no couvert. Seventy-five cent
couvert with other service.
■Hotel
Oakland
13th St. at Harrison Boulevard
Management of
W. C. Jurgens
' a mi" iii i ~
STANFORD NIGHT
WITH POTENT CARDINAL
ENTERTAINMENT
Stanford's Glee Club Harmony
Team, Sumner and Sarrand, will
feature good old songs of the
Cardinal .... A talented Stan
fordite, Leo Matesky, and his
partner will put on sensational
exhibitions of the authoritative
terpsicliorean modes . . . "Chuck
Dutton and his Hotel Oakland
Ivory Court Dance Band offer
their usual potent rhythms and
novelty numbers.
Cardinals, it'll be a big night
Saturday, November 9th, after
the Stanford-Washington game.
And figure this! From Stanford
to Oakland via Dumbarton
Bridge is only 34 miles of good,
clear highway.
Dinner De Luxe two dollars with
no couvert. Seventy-five cent
couvert with other service.
■Hotel
Oakland
13th St. at Harrison Boulevard
Management of
W. C. Jurgens
' a mi" iii i ~
STANFORD NIGHT
WITH POTENT CARDINAL
ENTERTAINMENT
Stanford's Glee Club Harmony
Team, Sumner and Sarrand, will
feature good old songs of the
Cardinal .... A talented Stan
fordite, Leo Matesky, and his
partner will put on sensational
exhibitions of the authoritative
terpsicliorean modes . . . "Chuck
Dutton and his Hotel Oakland
Ivory Court Dance Band offer
their usual potent rhythms and
novelty numbers.
Cardinals, it'll be a big night
Saturday, November 9th, after
the Stanford-Washington game.
And figure this! From Stanford
to Oakland via Dumbarton
Bridge is only 34 miles of good,
clear highway.
Dinner De Luxe two dollars with
no couvert. Seventy-five cent
couvert with other service.
■Hotel
Oakland
13th St. at Harrison Boulevard
Management of
W. C. Jurgens
' a mi" iii i ~
STANFORD NIGHT
WITH POTENT CARDINAL
ENTERTAINMENT
Stanford's Glee Club Harmony
Team, Sumner and Sarrand, will
feature good old songs of the
Cardinal .... A talented Stan
fordite, Leo Matesky, and his
partner will put on sensational
exhibitions of the authoritative
terpsicliorean modes . . . "Chuck
Dutton and his Hotel Oakland
Ivory Court Dance Band offer
their usual potent rhythms and
novelty numbers.
Cardinals, it'll be a big night
Saturday, November 9th, after
the Stanford-Washington game.
And figure this! From Stanford
to Oakland via Dumbarton
Bridge is only 34 miles of good,
clear highway.
Dinner De Luxe two dollars with
no couvert. Seventy-five cent
couvert with other service.
■Hotel
Oakland
13th St. at Harrison Boulevard
Management of
W. C. Jurgens
' a mi" iii i ~
STANFORD NIGHT
WITH POTENT CARDINAL
ENTERTAINMENT
Stanford's Glee Club Harmony
Team, Sumner and Sarrand, will
feature good old songs of the
Cardinal .... A talented Stan
fordite, Leo Matesky, and his
partner will put on sensational
exhibitions of the authoritative
terpsicliorean modes . . . "Chuck
Dutton and his Hotel Oakland
Ivory Court Dance Band offer
their usual potent rhythms and
novelty numbers.
Cardinals, it'll be a big night
Saturday, November 9th, after
the Stanford-Washington game.
And figure this! From Stanford
to Oakland via Dumbarton
Bridge is only 34 miles of good,
clear highway.
Dinner De Luxe two dollars with
no couvert. Seventy-five cent
couvert with other service.
■Hotel
Oakland
13th St. at Harrison Boulevard
Management of
W. C. Jurgens
' a mi" iii i ~
STANFORD NIGHT
WITH POTENT CARDINAL
ENTERTAINMENT
Stanford's Glee Club Harmony
Team, Sumner and Sarrand, will
feature good old songs of the
Cardinal .... A talented Stan
fordite, Leo Matesky, and his
partner will put on sensational
exhibitions of the authoritative
terpsicliorean modes . . . "Chuck
Dutton and his Hotel Oakland
Ivory Court Dance Band offer
their usual potent rhythms and
novelty numbers.
Cardinals, it'll be a big night
Saturday, November 9th, after
the Stanford-Washington game.
And figure this! From Stanford
to Oakland via Dumbarton
Bridge is only 34 miles of good,
clear highway.
Dinner De Luxe two dollars with
no couvert. Seventy-five cent
couvert with other service.
■Hotel
Oakland
13th St. at Harrison Boulevard
Management of
W. C. Jurgens
' a mi" iii i ~
STANFORD NIGHT
WITH POTENT CARDINAL
ENTERTAINMENT
Stanford's Glee Club Harmony
Team, Sumner and Sarrand, will
feature good old songs of the
Cardinal .... A talented Stan
fordite, Leo Matesky, and his
partner will put on sensational
exhibitions of the authoritative
terpsicliorean modes . . . "Chuck
Dutton and his Hotel Oakland
Ivory Court Dance Band offer
their usual potent rhythms and
novelty numbers.
Cardinals, it'll be a big night
Saturday, November 9th, after
the Stanford-Washington game.
And figure this! From Stanford
to Oakland via Dumbarton
Bridge is only 34 miles of good,
clear highway.
Dinner De Luxe two dollars with
no couvert. Seventy-five cent
couvert with other service.
■Hotel
Oakland
13th St. at Harrison Boulevard
Management of
W. C. Jurgens
