# Rooters Will Parade To Depot For Send-Off Rally
## 
### 
Stanford rooters will parade from
the Phi Gamma Delta house to the
Southern Pacific depot at 4 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon to give the Cardi
nal varsity a rousing Bend-off as it
embarks on its northern invasion.
According to rally committee plans,
the Stanford band will head the pro
cession and will provide music for
songs at the rally.
Stanford rooters will parade from
the Phi Gamma Delta house to the
Southern Pacific depot at 4 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon to give the Cardi
nal varsity a rousing Bend-off as it
embarks on its northern invasion.
According to rally committee plans,
the Stanford band will head the pro
cession and will provide music for
songs at the rally.
Stanford rooters will parade from
the Phi Gamma Delta house to the
Southern Pacific depot at 4 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon to give the Cardi
nal varsity a rousing Bend-off as it
embarks on its northern invasion.
According to rally committee plans,
the Stanford band will head the pro
cession and will provide music for
songs at the rally.
Stanford rooters will parade from
the Phi Gamma Delta house to the
Southern Pacific depot at 4 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon to give the Cardi
nal varsity a rousing Bend-off as it
embarks on its northern invasion.
According to rally committee plans,
the Stanford band will head the pro
cession and will provide music for
songs at the rally.
Stanford rooters will parade from
the Phi Gamma Delta house to the
Southern Pacific depot at 4 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon to give the Cardi
nal varsity a rousing Bend-off as it
embarks on its northern invasion.
According to rally committee plans,
the Stanford band will head the pro
cession and will provide music for
songs at the rally.
Stanford rooters will parade from
the Phi Gamma Delta house to the
Southern Pacific depot at 4 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon to give the Cardi
nal varsity a rousing Bend-off as it
embarks on its northern invasion.
According to rally committee plans,
the Stanford band will head the pro
cession and will provide music for
songs at the rally.
Stanford rooters will parade from
the Phi Gamma Delta house to the
Southern Pacific depot at 4 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon to give the Cardi
nal varsity a rousing Bend-off as it
embarks on its northern invasion.
According to rally committee plans,
the Stanford band will head the pro
cession and will provide music for
songs at the rally.
Stanford rooters will parade from
the Phi Gamma Delta house to the
Southern Pacific depot at 4 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon to give the Cardi
nal varsity a rousing Bend-off as it
embarks on its northern invasion.
According to rally committee plans,
the Stanford band will head the pro
cession and will provide music for
songs at the rally.
Stanford rooters will parade from
the Phi Gamma Delta house to the
Southern Pacific depot at 4 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon to give the Cardi
nal varsity a rousing Bend-off as it
embarks on its northern invasion.
According to rally committee plans,
the Stanford band will head the pro
cession and will provide music for
songs at the rally.
Stanford rooters will parade from
the Phi Gamma Delta house to the
Southern Pacific depot at 4 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon to give the Cardi
nal varsity a rousing Bend-off as it
embarks on its northern invasion.
According to rally committee plans,
the Stanford band will head the pro
cession and will provide music for
songs at the rally.
Stanford rooters will parade from
the Phi Gamma Delta house to the
Southern Pacific depot at 4 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon to give the Cardi
nal varsity a rousing Bend-off as it
embarks on its northern invasion.
According to rally committee plans,
the Stanford band will head the pro
cession and will provide music for
songs at the rally.
Stanford rooters will parade from
the Phi Gamma Delta house to the
Southern Pacific depot at 4 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon to give the Cardi
nal varsity a rousing Bend-off as it
embarks on its northern invasion.
According to rally committee plans,
the Stanford band will head the pro
cession and will provide music for
songs at the rally.
Stanford rooters will parade from
the Phi Gamma Delta house to the
Southern Pacific depot at 4 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon to give the Cardi
nal varsity a rousing Bend-off as it
embarks on its northern invasion.
According to rally committee plans,
the Stanford band will head the pro
cession and will provide music for
songs at the rally.
Stanford rooters will parade from
the Phi Gamma Delta house to the
Southern Pacific depot at 4 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon to give the Cardi
nal varsity a rousing Bend-off as it
embarks on its northern invasion.
According to rally committee plans,
the Stanford band will head the pro
cession and will provide music for
songs at the rally.
Stanford rooters will parade from
the Phi Gamma Delta house to the
Southern Pacific depot at 4 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon to give the Cardi
nal varsity a rousing Bend-off as it
embarks on its northern invasion.
According to rally committee plans,
the Stanford band will head the pro
cession and will provide music for
songs at the rally.
Stanford rooters will parade from
the Phi Gamma Delta house to the
Southern Pacific depot at 4 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon to give the Cardi
nal varsity a rousing Bend-off as it
embarks on its northern invasion.
According to rally committee plans,
the Stanford band will head the pro
cession and will provide music for
songs at the rally.
Stanford rooters will parade from
the Phi Gamma Delta house to the
Southern Pacific depot at 4 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon to give the Cardi
nal varsity a rousing Bend-off as it
embarks on its northern invasion.
According to rally committee plans,
the Stanford band will head the pro
cession and will provide music for
songs at the rally.
