# Military Academy Leader May Come West For Tilt
## 
### 
It was unofficially announced yes
terday that Major General William R.
Smith, superintendent of the United
States Military Academy, will accom
pany the West Point football team to
Palo Alto in December, and with his
staff will attend the Stanford-West
Point football game here December
28. This is considered very unusual,
since General Smith rarely makes so
long a trip from the academy.
It was unofficially announced yes
terday that Major General William R.
Smith, superintendent of the United
States Military Academy, will accom
pany the West Point football team to
Palo Alto in December, and with his
staff will attend the Stanford-West
Point football game here December
28. This is considered very unusual,
since General Smith rarely makes so
long a trip from the academy.
It was unofficially announced yes
terday that Major General William R.
Smith, superintendent of the United
States Military Academy, will accom
pany the West Point football team to
Palo Alto in December, and with his
staff will attend the Stanford-West
Point football game here December
28. This is considered very unusual,
since General Smith rarely makes so
long a trip from the academy.
It was unofficially announced yes
terday that Major General William R.
Smith, superintendent of the United
States Military Academy, will accom
pany the West Point football team to
Palo Alto in December, and with his
staff will attend the Stanford-West
Point football game here December
28. This is considered very unusual,
since General Smith rarely makes so
long a trip from the academy.
It was unofficially announced yes
terday that Major General William R.
Smith, superintendent of the United
States Military Academy, will accom
pany the West Point football team to
Palo Alto in December, and with his
staff will attend the Stanford-West
Point football game here December
28. This is considered very unusual,
since General Smith rarely makes so
long a trip from the academy.
It was unofficially announced yes
terday that Major General William R.
Smith, superintendent of the United
States Military Academy, will accom
pany the West Point football team to
Palo Alto in December, and with his
staff will attend the Stanford-West
Point football game here December
28. This is considered very unusual,
since General Smith rarely makes so
long a trip from the academy.
It was unofficially announced yes
terday that Major General William R.
Smith, superintendent of the United
States Military Academy, will accom
pany the West Point football team to
Palo Alto in December, and with his
staff will attend the Stanford-West
Point football game here December
28. This is considered very unusual,
since General Smith rarely makes so
long a trip from the academy.
It was unofficially announced yes
terday that Major General William R.
Smith, superintendent of the United
States Military Academy, will accom
pany the West Point football team to
Palo Alto in December, and with his
staff will attend the Stanford-West
Point football game here December
28. This is considered very unusual,
since General Smith rarely makes so
long a trip from the academy.
It was unofficially announced yes
terday that Major General William R.
Smith, superintendent of the United
States Military Academy, will accom
pany the West Point football team to
Palo Alto in December, and with his
staff will attend the Stanford-West
Point football game here December
28. This is considered very unusual,
since General Smith rarely makes so
long a trip from the academy.
It was unofficially announced yes
terday that Major General William R.
Smith, superintendent of the United
States Military Academy, will accom
pany the West Point football team to
Palo Alto in December, and with his
staff will attend the Stanford-West
Point football game here December
28. This is considered very unusual,
since General Smith rarely makes so
long a trip from the academy.
It was unofficially announced yes
terday that Major General William R.
Smith, superintendent of the United
States Military Academy, will accom
pany the West Point football team to
Palo Alto in December, and with his
staff will attend the Stanford-West
Point football game here December
28. This is considered very unusual,
since General Smith rarely makes so
long a trip from the academy.
It was unofficially announced yes
terday that Major General William R.
Smith, superintendent of the United
States Military Academy, will accom
pany the West Point football team to
Palo Alto in December, and with his
staff will attend the Stanford-West
Point football game here December
28. This is considered very unusual,
since General Smith rarely makes so
long a trip from the academy.
It was unofficially announced yes
terday that Major General William R.
Smith, superintendent of the United
States Military Academy, will accom
pany the West Point football team to
Palo Alto in December, and with his
staff will attend the Stanford-West
Point football game here December
28. This is considered very unusual,
since General Smith rarely makes so
long a trip from the academy.
It was unofficially announced yes
terday that Major General William R.
Smith, superintendent of the United
States Military Academy, will accom
pany the West Point football team to
Palo Alto in December, and with his
staff will attend the Stanford-West
Point football game here December
28. This is considered very unusual,
since General Smith rarely makes so
long a trip from the academy.
It was unofficially announced yes
terday that Major General William R.
Smith, superintendent of the United
States Military Academy, will accom
pany the West Point football team to
Palo Alto in December, and with his
staff will attend the Stanford-West
Point football game here December
28. This is considered very unusual,
since General Smith rarely makes so
long a trip from the academy.
It was unofficially announced yes
terday that Major General William R.
Smith, superintendent of the United
States Military Academy, will accom
pany the West Point football team to
Palo Alto in December, and with his
staff will attend the Stanford-West
Point football game here December
28. This is considered very unusual,
since General Smith rarely makes so
long a trip from the academy.
It was unofficially announced yes
terday that Major General William R.
Smith, superintendent of the United
States Military Academy, will accom
pany the West Point football team to
Palo Alto in December, and with his
staff will attend the Stanford-West
Point football game here December
28. This is considered very unusual,
since General Smith rarely makes so
long a trip from the academy.
