# Education Graduates Talk About Situation In China
## 
### 
The Chinese educational system Is
copied almost completely from the
American system, according to F. G.
Wong, education graduate, who spoke
before the Phi Delta Kappa, honorary
education fraternity, last night.
Yuan-Chen Cheo, graduate in the
school of education, discussed the
present situation in China, and ac
cording to these two Chinese students
the present intellectual leaders of
China are: Dr. Hueng Tsai, Dr. Ha
Shih, Dr. M. L. Chiang, and Dr. Pin
Wen Kuo.
The Chinese educational system Is
copied almost completely from the
American system, according to F. G.
Wong, education graduate, who spoke
before the Phi Delta Kappa, honorary
education fraternity, last night.
Yuan-Chen Cheo, graduate in the
school of education, discussed the
present situation in China, and ac
cording to these two Chinese students
the present intellectual leaders of
China are: Dr. Hueng Tsai, Dr. Ha
Shih, Dr. M. L. Chiang, and Dr. Pin
Wen Kuo.
The Chinese educational system Is
copied almost completely from the
American system, according to F. G.
Wong, education graduate, who spoke
before the Phi Delta Kappa, honorary
education fraternity, last night.
Yuan-Chen Cheo, graduate in the
school of education, discussed the
present situation in China, and ac
cording to these two Chinese students
the present intellectual leaders of
China are: Dr. Hueng Tsai, Dr. Ha
Shih, Dr. M. L. Chiang, and Dr. Pin
Wen Kuo.
The Chinese educational system Is
copied almost completely from the
American system, according to F. G.
Wong, education graduate, who spoke
before the Phi Delta Kappa, honorary
education fraternity, last night.
Yuan-Chen Cheo, graduate in the
school of education, discussed the
present situation in China, and ac
cording to these two Chinese students
the present intellectual leaders of
China are: Dr. Hueng Tsai, Dr. Ha
Shih, Dr. M. L. Chiang, and Dr. Pin
Wen Kuo.
The Chinese educational system Is
copied almost completely from the
American system, according to F. G.
Wong, education graduate, who spoke
before the Phi Delta Kappa, honorary
education fraternity, last night.
Yuan-Chen Cheo, graduate in the
school of education, discussed the
present situation in China, and ac
cording to these two Chinese students
the present intellectual leaders of
China are: Dr. Hueng Tsai, Dr. Ha
Shih, Dr. M. L. Chiang, and Dr. Pin
Wen Kuo.
The Chinese educational system Is
copied almost completely from the
American system, according to F. G.
Wong, education graduate, who spoke
before the Phi Delta Kappa, honorary
education fraternity, last night.
Yuan-Chen Cheo, graduate in the
school of education, discussed the
present situation in China, and ac
cording to these two Chinese students
the present intellectual leaders of
China are: Dr. Hueng Tsai, Dr. Ha
Shih, Dr. M. L. Chiang, and Dr. Pin
Wen Kuo.
The Chinese educational system Is
copied almost completely from the
American system, according to F. G.
Wong, education graduate, who spoke
before the Phi Delta Kappa, honorary
education fraternity, last night.
Yuan-Chen Cheo, graduate in the
school of education, discussed the
present situation in China, and ac
cording to these two Chinese students
the present intellectual leaders of
China are: Dr. Hueng Tsai, Dr. Ha
Shih, Dr. M. L. Chiang, and Dr. Pin
Wen Kuo.
The Chinese educational system Is
copied almost completely from the
American system, according to F. G.
Wong, education graduate, who spoke
before the Phi Delta Kappa, honorary
education fraternity, last night.
Yuan-Chen Cheo, graduate in the
school of education, discussed the
present situation in China, and ac
cording to these two Chinese students
the present intellectual leaders of
China are: Dr. Hueng Tsai, Dr. Ha
Shih, Dr. M. L. Chiang, and Dr. Pin
Wen Kuo.
The Chinese educational system Is
copied almost completely from the
American system, according to F. G.
Wong, education graduate, who spoke
before the Phi Delta Kappa, honorary
education fraternity, last night.
Yuan-Chen Cheo, graduate in the
school of education, discussed the
present situation in China, and ac
cording to these two Chinese students
the present intellectual leaders of
China are: Dr. Hueng Tsai, Dr. Ha
Shih, Dr. M. L. Chiang, and Dr. Pin
Wen Kuo.
The Chinese educational system Is
copied almost completely from the
American system, according to F. G.
Wong, education graduate, who spoke
before the Phi Delta Kappa, honorary
education fraternity, last night.
Yuan-Chen Cheo, graduate in the
school of education, discussed the
present situation in China, and ac
cording to these two Chinese students
the present intellectual leaders of
China are: Dr. Hueng Tsai, Dr. Ha
Shih, Dr. M. L. Chiang, and Dr. Pin
Wen Kuo.
The Chinese educational system Is
copied almost completely from the
American system, according to F. G.
Wong, education graduate, who spoke
before the Phi Delta Kappa, honorary
education fraternity, last night.
Yuan-Chen Cheo, graduate in the
school of education, discussed the
present situation in China, and ac
cording to these two Chinese students
the present intellectual leaders of
China are: Dr. Hueng Tsai, Dr. Ha
Shih, Dr. M. L. Chiang, and Dr. Pin
Wen Kuo.
The Chinese educational system Is
copied almost completely from the
American system, according to F. G.
Wong, education graduate, who spoke
before the Phi Delta Kappa, honorary
education fraternity, last night.
Yuan-Chen Cheo, graduate in the
school of education, discussed the
present situation in China, and ac
cording to these two Chinese students
the present intellectual leaders of
China are: Dr. Hueng Tsai, Dr. Ha
Shih, Dr. M. L. Chiang, and Dr. Pin
Wen Kuo.
The Chinese educational system Is
copied almost completely from the
American system, according to F. G.
Wong, education graduate, who spoke
before the Phi Delta Kappa, honorary
education fraternity, last night.
Yuan-Chen Cheo, graduate in the
school of education, discussed the
present situation in China, and ac
cording to these two Chinese students
the present intellectual leaders of
China are: Dr. Hueng Tsai, Dr. Ha
Shih, Dr. M. L. Chiang, and Dr. Pin
Wen Kuo.
The Chinese educational system Is
copied almost completely from the
American system, according to F. G.
Wong, education graduate, who spoke
before the Phi Delta Kappa, honorary
education fraternity, last night.
Yuan-Chen Cheo, graduate in the
school of education, discussed the
present situation in China, and ac
cording to these two Chinese students
the present intellectual leaders of
China are: Dr. Hueng Tsai, Dr. Ha
Shih, Dr. M. L. Chiang, and Dr. Pin
Wen Kuo.
The Chinese educational system Is
copied almost completely from the
American system, according to F. G.
Wong, education graduate, who spoke
before the Phi Delta Kappa, honorary
education fraternity, last night.
Yuan-Chen Cheo, graduate in the
school of education, discussed the
present situation in China, and ac
cording to these two Chinese students
the present intellectual leaders of
China are: Dr. Hueng Tsai, Dr. Ha
Shih, Dr. M. L. Chiang, and Dr. Pin
Wen Kuo.
The Chinese educational system Is
copied almost completely from the
American system, according to F. G.
Wong, education graduate, who spoke
before the Phi Delta Kappa, honorary
education fraternity, last night.
Yuan-Chen Cheo, graduate in the
school of education, discussed the
present situation in China, and ac
cording to these two Chinese students
the present intellectual leaders of
China are: Dr. Hueng Tsai, Dr. Ha
Shih, Dr. M. L. Chiang, and Dr. Pin
Wen Kuo.
The Chinese educational system Is
copied almost completely from the
American system, according to F. G.
Wong, education graduate, who spoke
before the Phi Delta Kappa, honorary
education fraternity, last night.
Yuan-Chen Cheo, graduate in the
school of education, discussed the
present situation in China, and ac
cording to these two Chinese students
the present intellectual leaders of
China are: Dr. Hueng Tsai, Dr. Ha
Shih, Dr. M. L. Chiang, and Dr. Pin
Wen Kuo.
