# NEW USE FOR OLD AXLE Stanford Once Rode On It NOW LAB. INSTRUMENT
## 
### 
Senator Stanford's buggy axle and a
mastodon's tooth were used for ma
terial in constructing a delicate in
strument for experiments in the
physics department, according to Pro
fessor G. R. Harrison. The instru
ment, a densitometer, is the only one
ever made.
In describing the densitometer, Har
rison explained that steel must be
"seasoned" just as wood is, because
new steel undergoes slight changes
when it is exposed to the air. So
when "seasoned" steel was necessary
for parts upon which the accuracy of
the instrument depends, the buggy
axle was dug up in the lot at Senator
Stanford's racing stables.
The tusk which furnished the ivory
for the handle of the densitometer
was found in the cliffs of Alaska.
Senator Stanford's buggy axle and a
mastodon's tooth were used for ma
terial in constructing a delicate in
strument for experiments in the
physics department, according to Pro
fessor G. R. Harrison. The instru
ment, a densitometer, is the only one
ever made.
In describing the densitometer, Har
rison explained that steel must be
"seasoned" just as wood is, because
new steel undergoes slight changes
when it is exposed to the air. So
when "seasoned" steel was necessary
for parts upon which the accuracy of
the instrument depends, the buggy
axle was dug up in the lot at Senator
Stanford's racing stables.
The tusk which furnished the ivory
for the handle of the densitometer
was found in the cliffs of Alaska.
Senator Stanford's buggy axle and a
mastodon's tooth were used for ma
terial in constructing a delicate in
strument for experiments in the
physics department, according to Pro
fessor G. R. Harrison. The instru
ment, a densitometer, is the only one
ever made.
In describing the densitometer, Har
rison explained that steel must be
"seasoned" just as wood is, because
new steel undergoes slight changes
when it is exposed to the air. So
when "seasoned" steel was necessary
for parts upon which the accuracy of
the instrument depends, the buggy
axle was dug up in the lot at Senator
Stanford's racing stables.
The tusk which furnished the ivory
for the handle of the densitometer
was found in the cliffs of Alaska.
Senator Stanford's buggy axle and a
mastodon's tooth were used for ma
terial in constructing a delicate in
strument for experiments in the
physics department, according to Pro
fessor G. R. Harrison. The instru
ment, a densitometer, is the only one
ever made.
In describing the densitometer, Har
rison explained that steel must be
"seasoned" just as wood is, because
new steel undergoes slight changes
when it is exposed to the air. So
when "seasoned" steel was necessary
for parts upon which the accuracy of
the instrument depends, the buggy
axle was dug up in the lot at Senator
Stanford's racing stables.
The tusk which furnished the ivory
for the handle of the densitometer
was found in the cliffs of Alaska.
Senator Stanford's buggy axle and a
mastodon's tooth were used for ma
terial in constructing a delicate in
strument for experiments in the
physics department, according to Pro
fessor G. R. Harrison. The instru
ment, a densitometer, is the only one
ever made.
In describing the densitometer, Har
rison explained that steel must be
"seasoned" just as wood is, because
new steel undergoes slight changes
when it is exposed to the air. So
when "seasoned" steel was necessary
for parts upon which the accuracy of
the instrument depends, the buggy
axle was dug up in the lot at Senator
Stanford's racing stables.
The tusk which furnished the ivory
for the handle of the densitometer
was found in the cliffs of Alaska.
Senator Stanford's buggy axle and a
mastodon's tooth were used for ma
terial in constructing a delicate in
strument for experiments in the
physics department, according to Pro
fessor G. R. Harrison. The instru
ment, a densitometer, is the only one
ever made.
In describing the densitometer, Har
rison explained that steel must be
"seasoned" just as wood is, because
new steel undergoes slight changes
when it is exposed to the air. So
when "seasoned" steel was necessary
for parts upon which the accuracy of
the instrument depends, the buggy
axle was dug up in the lot at Senator
Stanford's racing stables.
The tusk which furnished the ivory
for the handle of the densitometer
was found in the cliffs of Alaska.
Senator Stanford's buggy axle and a
mastodon's tooth were used for ma
terial in constructing a delicate in
strument for experiments in the
physics department, according to Pro
fessor G. R. Harrison. The instru
ment, a densitometer, is the only one
ever made.
In describing the densitometer, Har
rison explained that steel must be
"seasoned" just as wood is, because
new steel undergoes slight changes
when it is exposed to the air. So
when "seasoned" steel was necessary
for parts upon which the accuracy of
the instrument depends, the buggy
axle was dug up in the lot at Senator
Stanford's racing stables.
The tusk which furnished the ivory
for the handle of the densitometer
was found in the cliffs of Alaska.
Senator Stanford's buggy axle and a
mastodon's tooth were used for ma
terial in constructing a delicate in
strument for experiments in the
physics department, according to Pro
fessor G. R. Harrison. The instru
ment, a densitometer, is the only one
ever made.
In describing the densitometer, Har
rison explained that steel must be
"seasoned" just as wood is, because
new steel undergoes slight changes
when it is exposed to the air. So
when "seasoned" steel was necessary
for parts upon which the accuracy of
the instrument depends, the buggy
axle was dug up in the lot at Senator
Stanford's racing stables.
The tusk which furnished the ivory
for the handle of the densitometer
was found in the cliffs of Alaska.
Senator Stanford's buggy axle and a
mastodon's tooth were used for ma
terial in constructing a delicate in
strument for experiments in the
physics department, according to Pro
fessor G. R. Harrison. The instru
ment, a densitometer, is the only one
ever made.
In describing the densitometer, Har
rison explained that steel must be
"seasoned" just as wood is, because
new steel undergoes slight changes
when it is exposed to the air. So
when "seasoned" steel was necessary
for parts upon which the accuracy of
the instrument depends, the buggy
axle was dug up in the lot at Senator
Stanford's racing stables.
The tusk which furnished the ivory
for the handle of the densitometer
was found in the cliffs of Alaska.
Senator Stanford's buggy axle and a
mastodon's tooth were used for ma
terial in constructing a delicate in
strument for experiments in the
physics department, according to Pro
fessor G. R. Harrison. The instru
ment, a densitometer, is the only one
ever made.
In describing the densitometer, Har
rison explained that steel must be
"seasoned" just as wood is, because
new steel undergoes slight changes
when it is exposed to the air. So
when "seasoned" steel was necessary
for parts upon which the accuracy of
the instrument depends, the buggy
axle was dug up in the lot at Senator
Stanford's racing stables.
The tusk which furnished the ivory
for the handle of the densitometer
was found in the cliffs of Alaska.
Senator Stanford's buggy axle and a
mastodon's tooth were used for ma
terial in constructing a delicate in
strument for experiments in the
physics department, according to Pro
fessor G. R. Harrison. The instru
ment, a densitometer, is the only one
ever made.
In describing the densitometer, Har
rison explained that steel must be
"seasoned" just as wood is, because
new steel undergoes slight changes
when it is exposed to the air. So
when "seasoned" steel was necessary
for parts upon which the accuracy of
the instrument depends, the buggy
axle was dug up in the lot at Senator
Stanford's racing stables.
The tusk which furnished the ivory
for the handle of the densitometer
was found in the cliffs of Alaska.
Senator Stanford's buggy axle and a
mastodon's tooth were used for ma
terial in constructing a delicate in
strument for experiments in the
physics department, according to Pro
fessor G. R. Harrison. The instru
ment, a densitometer, is the only one
ever made.
In describing the densitometer, Har
rison explained that steel must be
"seasoned" just as wood is, because
new steel undergoes slight changes
when it is exposed to the air. So
when "seasoned" steel was necessary
for parts upon which the accuracy of
the instrument depends, the buggy
axle was dug up in the lot at Senator
Stanford's racing stables.
The tusk which furnished the ivory
for the handle of the densitometer
was found in the cliffs of Alaska.
Senator Stanford's buggy axle and a
mastodon's tooth were used for ma
terial in constructing a delicate in
strument for experiments in the
physics department, according to Pro
fessor G. R. Harrison. The instru
ment, a densitometer, is the only one
ever made.
In describing the densitometer, Har
rison explained that steel must be
"seasoned" just as wood is, because
new steel undergoes slight changes
when it is exposed to the air. So
when "seasoned" steel was necessary
for parts upon which the accuracy of
the instrument depends, the buggy
axle was dug up in the lot at Senator
Stanford's racing stables.
The tusk which furnished the ivory
for the handle of the densitometer
was found in the cliffs of Alaska.
Senator Stanford's buggy axle and a
mastodon's tooth were used for ma
terial in constructing a delicate in
strument for experiments in the
physics department, according to Pro
fessor G. R. Harrison. The instru
ment, a densitometer, is the only one
ever made.
In describing the densitometer, Har
rison explained that steel must be
"seasoned" just as wood is, because
new steel undergoes slight changes
when it is exposed to the air. So
when "seasoned" steel was necessary
for parts upon which the accuracy of
the instrument depends, the buggy
axle was dug up in the lot at Senator
Stanford's racing stables.
The tusk which furnished the ivory
for the handle of the densitometer
was found in the cliffs of Alaska.
Senator Stanford's buggy axle and a
mastodon's tooth were used for ma
terial in constructing a delicate in
strument for experiments in the
physics department, according to Pro
fessor G. R. Harrison. The instru
ment, a densitometer, is the only one
ever made.
In describing the densitometer, Har
rison explained that steel must be
"seasoned" just as wood is, because
new steel undergoes slight changes
when it is exposed to the air. So
when "seasoned" steel was necessary
for parts upon which the accuracy of
the instrument depends, the buggy
axle was dug up in the lot at Senator
Stanford's racing stables.
The tusk which furnished the ivory
for the handle of the densitometer
was found in the cliffs of Alaska.
Senator Stanford's buggy axle and a
mastodon's tooth were used for ma
terial in constructing a delicate in
strument for experiments in the
physics department, according to Pro
fessor G. R. Harrison. The instru
ment, a densitometer, is the only one
ever made.
In describing the densitometer, Har
rison explained that steel must be
"seasoned" just as wood is, because
new steel undergoes slight changes
when it is exposed to the air. So
when "seasoned" steel was necessary
for parts upon which the accuracy of
the instrument depends, the buggy
axle was dug up in the lot at Senator
Stanford's racing stables.
The tusk which furnished the ivory
for the handle of the densitometer
was found in the cliffs of Alaska.
Senator Stanford's buggy axle and a
mastodon's tooth were used for ma
terial in constructing a delicate in
strument for experiments in the
physics department, according to Pro
fessor G. R. Harrison. The instru
ment, a densitometer, is the only one
ever made.
In describing the densitometer, Har
rison explained that steel must be
"seasoned" just as wood is, because
new steel undergoes slight changes
when it is exposed to the air. So
when "seasoned" steel was necessary
for parts upon which the accuracy of
the instrument depends, the buggy
axle was dug up in the lot at Senator
Stanford's racing stables.
The tusk which furnished the ivory
for the handle of the densitometer
was found in the cliffs of Alaska.
