# Plays Here Tonight
## 
### 

M. Marcel Duprg, famous French or
ganist, who will present a program
at an all-University assembly in the
Memorial Church at 11 this morning.

M. Marcel Duprg, famous French or
ganist, who will present a program
at an all-University assembly in the
Memorial Church at 11 this morning.

M. Marcel Duprg, famous French or
ganist, who will present a program
at an all-University assembly in the
Memorial Church at 11 this morning.

M. Marcel Duprg, famous French or
ganist, who will present a program
at an all-University assembly in the
Memorial Church at 11 this morning.

M. Marcel Duprg, famous French or
ganist, who will present a program
at an all-University assembly in the
Memorial Church at 11 this morning.

M. Marcel Duprg, famous French or
ganist, who will present a program
at an all-University assembly in the
Memorial Church at 11 this morning.

M. Marcel Duprg, famous French or
ganist, who will present a program
at an all-University assembly in the
Memorial Church at 11 this morning.

M. Marcel Duprg, famous French or
ganist, who will present a program
at an all-University assembly in the
Memorial Church at 11 this morning.

M. Marcel Duprg, famous French or
ganist, who will present a program
at an all-University assembly in the
Memorial Church at 11 this morning.

M. Marcel Duprg, famous French or
ganist, who will present a program
at an all-University assembly in the
Memorial Church at 11 this morning.

M. Marcel Duprg, famous French or
ganist, who will present a program
at an all-University assembly in the
Memorial Church at 11 this morning.

M. Marcel Duprg, famous French or
ganist, who will present a program
at an all-University assembly in the
Memorial Church at 11 this morning.

M. Marcel Duprg, famous French or
ganist, who will present a program
at an all-University assembly in the
Memorial Church at 11 this morning.

M. Marcel Duprg, famous French or
ganist, who will present a program
at an all-University assembly in the
Memorial Church at 11 this morning.

M. Marcel Duprg, famous French or
ganist, who will present a program
at an all-University assembly in the
Memorial Church at 11 this morning.

M. Marcel Duprg, famous French or
ganist, who will present a program
at an all-University assembly in the
Memorial Church at 11 this morning.

M. Marcel Duprg, famous French or
ganist, who will present a program
at an all-University assembly in the
Memorial Church at 11 this morning.
