# LIBRARY MEETING TODAY
## 
### 
Exhibiting Hoover War Library
documents and discussing "League of
Nations Publications" from a techni
cal and library point of view, Miss
Louise Katz, cataloguer for the
Hoover War Library, will speak be
fore the Stanford Libraries Profes
sional Club at 4 o'clock today in the
Felton room of the Library.
Exhibiting Hoover War Library
documents and discussing "League of
Nations Publications" from a techni
cal and library point of view, Miss
Louise Katz, cataloguer for the
Hoover War Library, will speak be
fore the Stanford Libraries Profes
sional Club at 4 o'clock today in the
Felton room of the Library.
Exhibiting Hoover War Library
documents and discussing "League of
Nations Publications" from a techni
cal and library point of view, Miss
Louise Katz, cataloguer for the
Hoover War Library, will speak be
fore the Stanford Libraries Profes
sional Club at 4 o'clock today in the
Felton room of the Library.
Exhibiting Hoover War Library
documents and discussing "League of
Nations Publications" from a techni
cal and library point of view, Miss
Louise Katz, cataloguer for the
Hoover War Library, will speak be
fore the Stanford Libraries Profes
sional Club at 4 o'clock today in the
Felton room of the Library.
Exhibiting Hoover War Library
documents and discussing "League of
Nations Publications" from a techni
cal and library point of view, Miss
Louise Katz, cataloguer for the
Hoover War Library, will speak be
fore the Stanford Libraries Profes
sional Club at 4 o'clock today in the
Felton room of the Library.
Exhibiting Hoover War Library
documents and discussing "League of
Nations Publications" from a techni
cal and library point of view, Miss
Louise Katz, cataloguer for the
Hoover War Library, will speak be
fore the Stanford Libraries Profes
sional Club at 4 o'clock today in the
Felton room of the Library.
Exhibiting Hoover War Library
documents and discussing "League of
Nations Publications" from a techni
cal and library point of view, Miss
Louise Katz, cataloguer for the
Hoover War Library, will speak be
fore the Stanford Libraries Profes
sional Club at 4 o'clock today in the
Felton room of the Library.
Exhibiting Hoover War Library
documents and discussing "League of
Nations Publications" from a techni
cal and library point of view, Miss
Louise Katz, cataloguer for the
Hoover War Library, will speak be
fore the Stanford Libraries Profes
sional Club at 4 o'clock today in the
Felton room of the Library.
Exhibiting Hoover War Library
documents and discussing "League of
Nations Publications" from a techni
cal and library point of view, Miss
Louise Katz, cataloguer for the
Hoover War Library, will speak be
fore the Stanford Libraries Profes
sional Club at 4 o'clock today in the
Felton room of the Library.
Exhibiting Hoover War Library
documents and discussing "League of
Nations Publications" from a techni
cal and library point of view, Miss
Louise Katz, cataloguer for the
Hoover War Library, will speak be
fore the Stanford Libraries Profes
sional Club at 4 o'clock today in the
Felton room of the Library.
Exhibiting Hoover War Library
documents and discussing "League of
Nations Publications" from a techni
cal and library point of view, Miss
Louise Katz, cataloguer for the
Hoover War Library, will speak be
fore the Stanford Libraries Profes
sional Club at 4 o'clock today in the
Felton room of the Library.
Exhibiting Hoover War Library
documents and discussing "League of
Nations Publications" from a techni
cal and library point of view, Miss
Louise Katz, cataloguer for the
Hoover War Library, will speak be
fore the Stanford Libraries Profes
sional Club at 4 o'clock today in the
Felton room of the Library.
Exhibiting Hoover War Library
documents and discussing "League of
Nations Publications" from a techni
cal and library point of view, Miss
Louise Katz, cataloguer for the
Hoover War Library, will speak be
fore the Stanford Libraries Profes
sional Club at 4 o'clock today in the
Felton room of the Library.
Exhibiting Hoover War Library
documents and discussing "League of
Nations Publications" from a techni
cal and library point of view, Miss
Louise Katz, cataloguer for the
Hoover War Library, will speak be
fore the Stanford Libraries Profes
sional Club at 4 o'clock today in the
Felton room of the Library.
Exhibiting Hoover War Library
documents and discussing "League of
Nations Publications" from a techni
cal and library point of view, Miss
Louise Katz, cataloguer for the
Hoover War Library, will speak be
fore the Stanford Libraries Profes
sional Club at 4 o'clock today in the
Felton room of the Library.
Exhibiting Hoover War Library
documents and discussing "League of
Nations Publications" from a techni
cal and library point of view, Miss
Louise Katz, cataloguer for the
Hoover War Library, will speak be
fore the Stanford Libraries Profes
sional Club at 4 o'clock today in the
Felton room of the Library.
Exhibiting Hoover War Library
documents and discussing "League of
Nations Publications" from a techni
cal and library point of view, Miss
Louise Katz, cataloguer for the
Hoover War Library, will speak be
fore the Stanford Libraries Profes
sional Club at 4 o'clock today in the
Felton room of the Library.
