# Batter Up!
## 
### 

Stanford varsity bane bailers step Into what may
be Stanford's most successful season In history
when the Indians open their 1967 season against
the Stanford frosh, Saturday at 2 p.m.

Stanford varsity bane bailers step Into what may
be Stanford's most successful season In history
when the Indians open their 1967 season against
the Stanford frosh, Saturday at 2 p.m.

Stanford varsity bane bailers step Into what may
be Stanford's most successful season In history
when the Indians open their 1967 season against
the Stanford frosh, Saturday at 2 p.m.

Stanford varsity bane bailers step Into what may
be Stanford's most successful season In history
when the Indians open their 1967 season against
the Stanford frosh, Saturday at 2 p.m.

Stanford varsity bane bailers step Into what may
be Stanford's most successful season In history
when the Indians open their 1967 season against
the Stanford frosh, Saturday at 2 p.m.

Stanford varsity bane bailers step Into what may
be Stanford's most successful season In history
when the Indians open their 1967 season against
the Stanford frosh, Saturday at 2 p.m.

Stanford varsity bane bailers step Into what may
be Stanford's most successful season In history
when the Indians open their 1967 season against
the Stanford frosh, Saturday at 2 p.m.

Stanford varsity bane bailers step Into what may
be Stanford's most successful season In history
when the Indians open their 1967 season against
the Stanford frosh, Saturday at 2 p.m.

Stanford varsity bane bailers step Into what may
be Stanford's most successful season In history
when the Indians open their 1967 season against
the Stanford frosh, Saturday at 2 p.m.

Stanford varsity bane bailers step Into what may
be Stanford's most successful season In history
when the Indians open their 1967 season against
the Stanford frosh, Saturday at 2 p.m.

Stanford varsity bane bailers step Into what may
be Stanford's most successful season In history
when the Indians open their 1967 season against
the Stanford frosh, Saturday at 2 p.m.

Stanford varsity bane bailers step Into what may
be Stanford's most successful season In history
when the Indians open their 1967 season against
the Stanford frosh, Saturday at 2 p.m.

Stanford varsity bane bailers step Into what may
be Stanford's most successful season In history
when the Indians open their 1967 season against
the Stanford frosh, Saturday at 2 p.m.

Stanford varsity bane bailers step Into what may
be Stanford's most successful season In history
when the Indians open their 1967 season against
the Stanford frosh, Saturday at 2 p.m.

Stanford varsity bane bailers step Into what may
be Stanford's most successful season In history
when the Indians open their 1967 season against
the Stanford frosh, Saturday at 2 p.m.

Stanford varsity bane bailers step Into what may
be Stanford's most successful season In history
when the Indians open their 1967 season against
the Stanford frosh, Saturday at 2 p.m.
