# HUSHING CARDS ON SALE
## 
### 
Men's rushing cards for the
last rushing period will he on
sale at the A.S.S.U. office to
morrow morning and Monday,
announces Boh Hoover, chair
man of Interfraternity Board.
Men's rushing cards for the
last rushing period will he on
sale at the A.S.S.U. office to
morrow morning and Monday,
announces Boh Hoover, chair
man of Interfraternity Board.
Men's rushing cards for the
last rushing period will he on
sale at the A.S.S.U. office to
morrow morning and Monday,
announces Boh Hoover, chair
man of Interfraternity Board.
Men's rushing cards for the
last rushing period will he on
sale at the A.S.S.U. office to
morrow morning and Monday,
announces Boh Hoover, chair
man of Interfraternity Board.
Men's rushing cards for the
last rushing period will he on
sale at the A.S.S.U. office to
morrow morning and Monday,
announces Boh Hoover, chair
man of Interfraternity Board.
Men's rushing cards for the
last rushing period will he on
sale at the A.S.S.U. office to
morrow morning and Monday,
announces Boh Hoover, chair
man of Interfraternity Board.
Men's rushing cards for the
last rushing period will he on
sale at the A.S.S.U. office to
morrow morning and Monday,
announces Boh Hoover, chair
man of Interfraternity Board.
Men's rushing cards for the
last rushing period will he on
sale at the A.S.S.U. office to
morrow morning and Monday,
announces Boh Hoover, chair
man of Interfraternity Board.
Men's rushing cards for the
last rushing period will he on
sale at the A.S.S.U. office to
morrow morning and Monday,
announces Boh Hoover, chair
man of Interfraternity Board.
Men's rushing cards for the
last rushing period will he on
sale at the A.S.S.U. office to
morrow morning and Monday,
announces Boh Hoover, chair
man of Interfraternity Board.
Men's rushing cards for the
last rushing period will he on
sale at the A.S.S.U. office to
morrow morning and Monday,
announces Boh Hoover, chair
man of Interfraternity Board.
Men's rushing cards for the
last rushing period will he on
sale at the A.S.S.U. office to
morrow morning and Monday,
announces Boh Hoover, chair
man of Interfraternity Board.
Men's rushing cards for the
last rushing period will he on
sale at the A.S.S.U. office to
morrow morning and Monday,
announces Boh Hoover, chair
man of Interfraternity Board.
Men's rushing cards for the
last rushing period will he on
sale at the A.S.S.U. office to
morrow morning and Monday,
announces Boh Hoover, chair
man of Interfraternity Board.
Men's rushing cards for the
last rushing period will he on
sale at the A.S.S.U. office to
morrow morning and Monday,
announces Boh Hoover, chair
man of Interfraternity Board.
