# Congress Passes U.S. Neutrality Act
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Jan. fi (U.R).—
Congress today hurriedly rammed
to enactment a joint resolution for
bidding war trade with revolt-torn
Spain, but acted just too late to
catch the first shipment of planes
and supplies to Loyalist forces.
Urged by President Roosevelt to
protect American neutrality, the
Senate and the House approved an
embargo on export of munitions to
Spain and imposed penalties for its
violation.
WASHINGTON, Jan. fi (U.R).—
Congress today hurriedly rammed
to enactment a joint resolution for
bidding war trade with revolt-torn
Spain, but acted just too late to
catch the first shipment of planes
and supplies to Loyalist forces.
Urged by President Roosevelt to
protect American neutrality, the
Senate and the House approved an
embargo on export of munitions to
Spain and imposed penalties for its
violation.
WASHINGTON, Jan. fi (U.R).—
Congress today hurriedly rammed
to enactment a joint resolution for
bidding war trade with revolt-torn
Spain, but acted just too late to
catch the first shipment of planes
and supplies to Loyalist forces.
Urged by President Roosevelt to
protect American neutrality, the
Senate and the House approved an
embargo on export of munitions to
Spain and imposed penalties for its
violation.
WASHINGTON, Jan. fi (U.R).—
Congress today hurriedly rammed
to enactment a joint resolution for
bidding war trade with revolt-torn
Spain, but acted just too late to
catch the first shipment of planes
and supplies to Loyalist forces.
Urged by President Roosevelt to
protect American neutrality, the
Senate and the House approved an
embargo on export of munitions to
Spain and imposed penalties for its
violation.
WASHINGTON, Jan. fi (U.R).—
Congress today hurriedly rammed
to enactment a joint resolution for
bidding war trade with revolt-torn
Spain, but acted just too late to
catch the first shipment of planes
and supplies to Loyalist forces.
Urged by President Roosevelt to
protect American neutrality, the
Senate and the House approved an
embargo on export of munitions to
Spain and imposed penalties for its
violation.
WASHINGTON, Jan. fi (U.R).—
Congress today hurriedly rammed
to enactment a joint resolution for
bidding war trade with revolt-torn
Spain, but acted just too late to
catch the first shipment of planes
and supplies to Loyalist forces.
Urged by President Roosevelt to
protect American neutrality, the
Senate and the House approved an
embargo on export of munitions to
Spain and imposed penalties for its
violation.
WASHINGTON, Jan. fi (U.R).—
Congress today hurriedly rammed
to enactment a joint resolution for
bidding war trade with revolt-torn
Spain, but acted just too late to
catch the first shipment of planes
and supplies to Loyalist forces.
Urged by President Roosevelt to
protect American neutrality, the
Senate and the House approved an
embargo on export of munitions to
Spain and imposed penalties for its
violation.
WASHINGTON, Jan. fi (U.R).—
Congress today hurriedly rammed
to enactment a joint resolution for
bidding war trade with revolt-torn
Spain, but acted just too late to
catch the first shipment of planes
and supplies to Loyalist forces.
Urged by President Roosevelt to
protect American neutrality, the
Senate and the House approved an
embargo on export of munitions to
Spain and imposed penalties for its
violation.
WASHINGTON, Jan. fi (U.R).—
Congress today hurriedly rammed
to enactment a joint resolution for
bidding war trade with revolt-torn
Spain, but acted just too late to
catch the first shipment of planes
and supplies to Loyalist forces.
Urged by President Roosevelt to
protect American neutrality, the
Senate and the House approved an
embargo on export of munitions to
Spain and imposed penalties for its
violation.
WASHINGTON, Jan. fi (U.R).—
Congress today hurriedly rammed
to enactment a joint resolution for
bidding war trade with revolt-torn
Spain, but acted just too late to
catch the first shipment of planes
and supplies to Loyalist forces.
Urged by President Roosevelt to
protect American neutrality, the
Senate and the House approved an
embargo on export of munitions to
Spain and imposed penalties for its
violation.
WASHINGTON, Jan. fi (U.R).—
Congress today hurriedly rammed
to enactment a joint resolution for
bidding war trade with revolt-torn
Spain, but acted just too late to
catch the first shipment of planes
and supplies to Loyalist forces.
Urged by President Roosevelt to
protect American neutrality, the
Senate and the House approved an
embargo on export of munitions to
Spain and imposed penalties for its
violation.
WASHINGTON, Jan. fi (U.R).—
Congress today hurriedly rammed
to enactment a joint resolution for
bidding war trade with revolt-torn
Spain, but acted just too late to
catch the first shipment of planes
and supplies to Loyalist forces.
Urged by President Roosevelt to
protect American neutrality, the
Senate and the House approved an
embargo on export of munitions to
Spain and imposed penalties for its
violation.
WASHINGTON, Jan. fi (U.R).—
Congress today hurriedly rammed
to enactment a joint resolution for
bidding war trade with revolt-torn
Spain, but acted just too late to
catch the first shipment of planes
and supplies to Loyalist forces.
Urged by President Roosevelt to
protect American neutrality, the
Senate and the House approved an
embargo on export of munitions to
Spain and imposed penalties for its
violation.
WASHINGTON, Jan. fi (U.R).—
Congress today hurriedly rammed
to enactment a joint resolution for
bidding war trade with revolt-torn
Spain, but acted just too late to
catch the first shipment of planes
and supplies to Loyalist forces.
Urged by President Roosevelt to
protect American neutrality, the
Senate and the House approved an
embargo on export of munitions to
Spain and imposed penalties for its
violation.
WASHINGTON, Jan. fi (U.R).—
Congress today hurriedly rammed
to enactment a joint resolution for
bidding war trade with revolt-torn
Spain, but acted just too late to
catch the first shipment of planes
and supplies to Loyalist forces.
Urged by President Roosevelt to
protect American neutrality, the
Senate and the House approved an
embargo on export of munitions to
Spain and imposed penalties for its
violation.
