# RUMBLINGS FRIGHTEN SOUTHERN MEXICANS
## 
### 
MEXICO CITY, Jan. 27. (/P)— I The
past weeks have brought to almost
every part of Southern Mexico cir
cumstances and events which many
Mexicans regard as ominous and
portentous of disaster.
Ometepec, in the state of Guer
rero, yesterday experienced an un
usually violent storm accompanied
by an extravagantly colored sky of
jet black clouds and deep red back
ground. The storm was followed by
a light earthquake and the inhabit
ants were left with mingled awe and
terror.
Near the volcano Orizaba inhabit
ants arc badly frightened by almost
continual subterranean rumblings.
Along the Oaxacan coast the ground
has opened in great cracks from
which salt water has emerged.
MEXICO CITY, Jan. 27. (/P)— I The
past weeks have brought to almost
every part of Southern Mexico cir
cumstances and events which many
Mexicans regard as ominous and
portentous of disaster.
Ometepec, in the state of Guer
rero, yesterday experienced an un
usually violent storm accompanied
by an extravagantly colored sky of
jet black clouds and deep red back
ground. The storm was followed by
a light earthquake and the inhabit
ants were left with mingled awe and
terror.
Near the volcano Orizaba inhabit
ants arc badly frightened by almost
continual subterranean rumblings.
Along the Oaxacan coast the ground
has opened in great cracks from
which salt water has emerged.
MEXICO CITY, Jan. 27. (/P)— I The
past weeks have brought to almost
every part of Southern Mexico cir
cumstances and events which many
Mexicans regard as ominous and
portentous of disaster.
Ometepec, in the state of Guer
rero, yesterday experienced an un
usually violent storm accompanied
by an extravagantly colored sky of
jet black clouds and deep red back
ground. The storm was followed by
a light earthquake and the inhabit
ants were left with mingled awe and
terror.
Near the volcano Orizaba inhabit
ants arc badly frightened by almost
continual subterranean rumblings.
Along the Oaxacan coast the ground
has opened in great cracks from
which salt water has emerged.
MEXICO CITY, Jan. 27. (/P)— I The
past weeks have brought to almost
every part of Southern Mexico cir
cumstances and events which many
Mexicans regard as ominous and
portentous of disaster.
Ometepec, in the state of Guer
rero, yesterday experienced an un
usually violent storm accompanied
by an extravagantly colored sky of
jet black clouds and deep red back
ground. The storm was followed by
a light earthquake and the inhabit
ants were left with mingled awe and
terror.
Near the volcano Orizaba inhabit
ants arc badly frightened by almost
continual subterranean rumblings.
Along the Oaxacan coast the ground
has opened in great cracks from
which salt water has emerged.
MEXICO CITY, Jan. 27. (/P)— I The
past weeks have brought to almost
every part of Southern Mexico cir
cumstances and events which many
Mexicans regard as ominous and
portentous of disaster.
Ometepec, in the state of Guer
rero, yesterday experienced an un
usually violent storm accompanied
by an extravagantly colored sky of
jet black clouds and deep red back
ground. The storm was followed by
a light earthquake and the inhabit
ants were left with mingled awe and
terror.
Near the volcano Orizaba inhabit
ants arc badly frightened by almost
continual subterranean rumblings.
Along the Oaxacan coast the ground
has opened in great cracks from
which salt water has emerged.
MEXICO CITY, Jan. 27. (/P)— I The
past weeks have brought to almost
every part of Southern Mexico cir
cumstances and events which many
Mexicans regard as ominous and
portentous of disaster.
Ometepec, in the state of Guer
rero, yesterday experienced an un
usually violent storm accompanied
by an extravagantly colored sky of
jet black clouds and deep red back
ground. The storm was followed by
a light earthquake and the inhabit
ants were left with mingled awe and
terror.
Near the volcano Orizaba inhabit
ants arc badly frightened by almost
continual subterranean rumblings.
Along the Oaxacan coast the ground
has opened in great cracks from
which salt water has emerged.
MEXICO CITY, Jan. 27. (/P)— I The
past weeks have brought to almost
every part of Southern Mexico cir
cumstances and events which many
Mexicans regard as ominous and
portentous of disaster.
Ometepec, in the state of Guer
rero, yesterday experienced an un
usually violent storm accompanied
by an extravagantly colored sky of
jet black clouds and deep red back
ground. The storm was followed by
a light earthquake and the inhabit
ants were left with mingled awe and
terror.
Near the volcano Orizaba inhabit
ants arc badly frightened by almost
continual subterranean rumblings.
Along the Oaxacan coast the ground
has opened in great cracks from
which salt water has emerged.
MEXICO CITY, Jan. 27. (/P)— I The
past weeks have brought to almost
every part of Southern Mexico cir
cumstances and events which many
Mexicans regard as ominous and
portentous of disaster.
Ometepec, in the state of Guer
rero, yesterday experienced an un
usually violent storm accompanied
by an extravagantly colored sky of
jet black clouds and deep red back
ground. The storm was followed by
a light earthquake and the inhabit
ants were left with mingled awe and
terror.
Near the volcano Orizaba inhabit
ants arc badly frightened by almost
continual subterranean rumblings.
Along the Oaxacan coast the ground
has opened in great cracks from
which salt water has emerged.
MEXICO CITY, Jan. 27. (/P)— I The
past weeks have brought to almost
every part of Southern Mexico cir
cumstances and events which many
Mexicans regard as ominous and
portentous of disaster.
Ometepec, in the state of Guer
rero, yesterday experienced an un
usually violent storm accompanied
by an extravagantly colored sky of
jet black clouds and deep red back
ground. The storm was followed by
a light earthquake and the inhabit
ants were left with mingled awe and
terror.
Near the volcano Orizaba inhabit
ants arc badly frightened by almost
continual subterranean rumblings.
Along the Oaxacan coast the ground
has opened in great cracks from
which salt water has emerged.
MEXICO CITY, Jan. 27. (/P)— I The
past weeks have brought to almost
every part of Southern Mexico cir
cumstances and events which many
Mexicans regard as ominous and
portentous of disaster.
Ometepec, in the state of Guer
rero, yesterday experienced an un
usually violent storm accompanied
by an extravagantly colored sky of
jet black clouds and deep red back
ground. The storm was followed by
a light earthquake and the inhabit
ants were left with mingled awe and
terror.
Near the volcano Orizaba inhabit
ants arc badly frightened by almost
continual subterranean rumblings.
Along the Oaxacan coast the ground
has opened in great cracks from
which salt water has emerged.
MEXICO CITY, Jan. 27. (/P)— I The
past weeks have brought to almost
every part of Southern Mexico cir
cumstances and events which many
Mexicans regard as ominous and
portentous of disaster.
Ometepec, in the state of Guer
rero, yesterday experienced an un
usually violent storm accompanied
by an extravagantly colored sky of
jet black clouds and deep red back
ground. The storm was followed by
a light earthquake and the inhabit
ants were left with mingled awe and
terror.
Near the volcano Orizaba inhabit
ants arc badly frightened by almost
continual subterranean rumblings.
Along the Oaxacan coast the ground
has opened in great cracks from
which salt water has emerged.
MEXICO CITY, Jan. 27. (/P)— I The
past weeks have brought to almost
every part of Southern Mexico cir
cumstances and events which many
Mexicans regard as ominous and
portentous of disaster.
Ometepec, in the state of Guer
rero, yesterday experienced an un
usually violent storm accompanied
by an extravagantly colored sky of
jet black clouds and deep red back
ground. The storm was followed by
a light earthquake and the inhabit
ants were left with mingled awe and
terror.
Near the volcano Orizaba inhabit
ants arc badly frightened by almost
continual subterranean rumblings.
Along the Oaxacan coast the ground
has opened in great cracks from
which salt water has emerged.
MEXICO CITY, Jan. 27. (/P)— I The
past weeks have brought to almost
every part of Southern Mexico cir
cumstances and events which many
Mexicans regard as ominous and
portentous of disaster.
Ometepec, in the state of Guer
rero, yesterday experienced an un
usually violent storm accompanied
by an extravagantly colored sky of
jet black clouds and deep red back
ground. The storm was followed by
a light earthquake and the inhabit
ants were left with mingled awe and
terror.
Near the volcano Orizaba inhabit
ants arc badly frightened by almost
continual subterranean rumblings.
Along the Oaxacan coast the ground
has opened in great cracks from
which salt water has emerged.
MEXICO CITY, Jan. 27. (/P)— I The
past weeks have brought to almost
every part of Southern Mexico cir
cumstances and events which many
Mexicans regard as ominous and
portentous of disaster.
Ometepec, in the state of Guer
rero, yesterday experienced an un
usually violent storm accompanied
by an extravagantly colored sky of
jet black clouds and deep red back
ground. The storm was followed by
a light earthquake and the inhabit
ants were left with mingled awe and
terror.
Near the volcano Orizaba inhabit
ants arc badly frightened by almost
continual subterranean rumblings.
Along the Oaxacan coast the ground
has opened in great cracks from
which salt water has emerged.
MEXICO CITY, Jan. 27. (/P)— I The
past weeks have brought to almost
every part of Southern Mexico cir
cumstances and events which many
Mexicans regard as ominous and
portentous of disaster.
Ometepec, in the state of Guer
rero, yesterday experienced an un
usually violent storm accompanied
by an extravagantly colored sky of
jet black clouds and deep red back
ground. The storm was followed by
a light earthquake and the inhabit
ants were left with mingled awe and
terror.
Near the volcano Orizaba inhabit
ants arc badly frightened by almost
continual subterranean rumblings.
Along the Oaxacan coast the ground
has opened in great cracks from
which salt water has emerged.
