# DAILY APPOINTS NEW REPORTERS TO WORK ON EDITORIAL STAFF
## Fourteen Tryoutees Chosen From Group; Woman's Editor in Charge 
### 
Spring quarter tryouts for the edi
torial staff of the Stanford Daily
ended last night with the addition of
fourteen names to the list of reporters.

Te tryouts began at the first of this
quarter, and since then a group of
twenty-five has been working on spe
cial assignments, news stories, and
office work since that time. Appoint
ment to the staff has been on a com
petitive basis, the amount and quality
of stories written and the number of
hours spent in the office being taken
into consideration. Margaret Cum
mings, Woman's Editor of the Daily,
has been in charge of the tryouts.

Eight women and six men find their
names in the masthead this morning.
They are: Beatrice Bishop, Elizabeth
Clarke, John Gillingham, Jr., Ellis
Gait, William Hartsough, Arthur Mc-
Garr, Ruth Miner, Elisabeth Nourse,
Jean Rosenberg, Catherine Spauding,
Willis Sullivan, Robert VanEtten, and
Isabell Warren.

The new reporters will tsart work
immediately. Regular beats will be as
signed to them and they will continue
their work in the office. The first pro
motion for which they are eligible is
to the position of copy editor. The
next step is night editor. Then come
the associate editorship and finally
the position of editor-in-chief as the
final goal.
Spring quarter tryouts for the edi
torial staff of the Stanford Daily
ended last night with the addition of
fourteen names to the list of reporters.

Te tryouts began at the first of this
quarter, and since then a group of
twenty-five has been working on spe
cial assignments, news stories, and
office work since that time. Appoint
ment to the staff has been on a com
petitive basis, the amount and quality
of stories written and the number of
hours spent in the office being taken
into consideration. Margaret Cum
mings, Woman's Editor of the Daily,
has been in charge of the tryouts.

Eight women and six men find their
names in the masthead this morning.
They are: Beatrice Bishop, Elizabeth
Clarke, John Gillingham, Jr., Ellis
Gait, William Hartsough, Arthur Mc-
Garr, Ruth Miner, Elisabeth Nourse,
Jean Rosenberg, Catherine Spauding,
Willis Sullivan, Robert VanEtten, and
Isabell Warren.

The new reporters will tsart work
immediately. Regular beats will be as
signed to them and they will continue
their work in the office. The first pro
motion for which they are eligible is
to the position of copy editor. The
next step is night editor. Then come
the associate editorship and finally
the position of editor-in-chief as the
final goal.
Spring quarter tryouts for the edi
torial staff of the Stanford Daily
ended last night with the addition of
fourteen names to the list of reporters.

Te tryouts began at the first of this
quarter, and since then a group of
twenty-five has been working on spe
cial assignments, news stories, and
office work since that time. Appoint
ment to the staff has been on a com
petitive basis, the amount and quality
of stories written and the number of
hours spent in the office being taken
into consideration. Margaret Cum
mings, Woman's Editor of the Daily,
has been in charge of the tryouts.

Eight women and six men find their
names in the masthead this morning.
They are: Beatrice Bishop, Elizabeth
Clarke, John Gillingham, Jr., Ellis
Gait, William Hartsough, Arthur Mc-
Garr, Ruth Miner, Elisabeth Nourse,
Jean Rosenberg, Catherine Spauding,
Willis Sullivan, Robert VanEtten, and
Isabell Warren.

The new reporters will tsart work
immediately. Regular beats will be as
signed to them and they will continue
their work in the office. The first pro
motion for which they are eligible is
to the position of copy editor. The
next step is night editor. Then come
the associate editorship and finally
the position of editor-in-chief as the
final goal.
Spring quarter tryouts for the edi
torial staff of the Stanford Daily
ended last night with the addition of
fourteen names to the list of reporters.

Te tryouts began at the first of this
quarter, and since then a group of
twenty-five has been working on spe
cial assignments, news stories, and
office work since that time. Appoint
ment to the staff has been on a com
petitive basis, the amount and quality
of stories written and the number of
hours spent in the office being taken
into consideration. Margaret Cum
mings, Woman's Editor of the Daily,
has been in charge of the tryouts.

Eight women and six men find their
names in the masthead this morning.
They are: Beatrice Bishop, Elizabeth
Clarke, John Gillingham, Jr., Ellis
Gait, William Hartsough, Arthur Mc-
Garr, Ruth Miner, Elisabeth Nourse,
Jean Rosenberg, Catherine Spauding,
Willis Sullivan, Robert VanEtten, and
Isabell Warren.

The new reporters will tsart work
immediately. Regular beats will be as
signed to them and they will continue
their work in the office. The first pro
motion for which they are eligible is
to the position of copy editor. The
next step is night editor. Then come
the associate editorship and finally
the position of editor-in-chief as the
final goal.
Spring quarter tryouts for the edi
torial staff of the Stanford Daily
ended last night with the addition of
fourteen names to the list of reporters.

Te tryouts began at the first of this
quarter, and since then a group of
twenty-five has been working on spe
cial assignments, news stories, and
office work since that time. Appoint
ment to the staff has been on a com
petitive basis, the amount and quality
of stories written and the number of
hours spent in the office being taken
into consideration. Margaret Cum
mings, Woman's Editor of the Daily,
has been in charge of the tryouts.

Eight women and six men find their
names in the masthead this morning.
They are: Beatrice Bishop, Elizabeth
Clarke, John Gillingham, Jr., Ellis
Gait, William Hartsough, Arthur Mc-
Garr, Ruth Miner, Elisabeth Nourse,
Jean Rosenberg, Catherine Spauding,
Willis Sullivan, Robert VanEtten, and
Isabell Warren.

The new reporters will tsart work
immediately. Regular beats will be as
signed to them and they will continue
their work in the office. The first pro
motion for which they are eligible is
to the position of copy editor. The
next step is night editor. Then come
the associate editorship and finally
the position of editor-in-chief as the
final goal.
Spring quarter tryouts for the edi
torial staff of the Stanford Daily
ended last night with the addition of
fourteen names to the list of reporters.

Te tryouts began at the first of this
quarter, and since then a group of
twenty-five has been working on spe
cial assignments, news stories, and
office work since that time. Appoint
ment to the staff has been on a com
petitive basis, the amount and quality
of stories written and the number of
hours spent in the office being taken
into consideration. Margaret Cum
mings, Woman's Editor of the Daily,
has been in charge of the tryouts.

Eight women and six men find their
names in the masthead this morning.
They are: Beatrice Bishop, Elizabeth
Clarke, John Gillingham, Jr., Ellis
Gait, William Hartsough, Arthur Mc-
Garr, Ruth Miner, Elisabeth Nourse,
Jean Rosenberg, Catherine Spauding,
Willis Sullivan, Robert VanEtten, and
Isabell Warren.

The new reporters will tsart work
immediately. Regular beats will be as
signed to them and they will continue
their work in the office. The first pro
motion for which they are eligible is
to the position of copy editor. The
next step is night editor. Then come
the associate editorship and finally
the position of editor-in-chief as the
final goal.
Spring quarter tryouts for the edi
torial staff of the Stanford Daily
ended last night with the addition of
fourteen names to the list of reporters.

Te tryouts began at the first of this
quarter, and since then a group of
twenty-five has been working on spe
cial assignments, news stories, and
office work since that time. Appoint
ment to the staff has been on a com
petitive basis, the amount and quality
of stories written and the number of
hours spent in the office being taken
into consideration. Margaret Cum
mings, Woman's Editor of the Daily,
has been in charge of the tryouts.

Eight women and six men find their
names in the masthead this morning.
They are: Beatrice Bishop, Elizabeth
Clarke, John Gillingham, Jr., Ellis
Gait, William Hartsough, Arthur Mc-
Garr, Ruth Miner, Elisabeth Nourse,
Jean Rosenberg, Catherine Spauding,
Willis Sullivan, Robert VanEtten, and
Isabell Warren.

The new reporters will tsart work
immediately. Regular beats will be as
signed to them and they will continue
their work in the office. The first pro
motion for which they are eligible is
to the position of copy editor. The
next step is night editor. Then come
the associate editorship and finally
the position of editor-in-chief as the
final goal.
Spring quarter tryouts for the edi
torial staff of the Stanford Daily
ended last night with the addition of
fourteen names to the list of reporters.

Te tryouts began at the first of this
quarter, and since then a group of
twenty-five has been working on spe
cial assignments, news stories, and
office work since that time. Appoint
ment to the staff has been on a com
petitive basis, the amount and quality
of stories written and the number of
hours spent in the office being taken
into consideration. Margaret Cum
mings, Woman's Editor of the Daily,
has been in charge of the tryouts.

Eight women and six men find their
names in the masthead this morning.
They are: Beatrice Bishop, Elizabeth
Clarke, John Gillingham, Jr., Ellis
Gait, William Hartsough, Arthur Mc-
Garr, Ruth Miner, Elisabeth Nourse,
Jean Rosenberg, Catherine Spauding,
Willis Sullivan, Robert VanEtten, and
Isabell Warren.

The new reporters will tsart work
immediately. Regular beats will be as
signed to them and they will continue
their work in the office. The first pro
motion for which they are eligible is
to the position of copy editor. The
next step is night editor. Then come
the associate editorship and finally
the position of editor-in-chief as the
final goal.
Spring quarter tryouts for the edi
torial staff of the Stanford Daily
ended last night with the addition of
fourteen names to the list of reporters.

Te tryouts began at the first of this
quarter, and since then a group of
twenty-five has been working on spe
cial assignments, news stories, and
office work since that time. Appoint
ment to the staff has been on a com
petitive basis, the amount and quality
of stories written and the number of
hours spent in the office being taken
into consideration. Margaret Cum
mings, Woman's Editor of the Daily,
has been in charge of the tryouts.

Eight women and six men find their
names in the masthead this morning.
They are: Beatrice Bishop, Elizabeth
Clarke, John Gillingham, Jr., Ellis
Gait, William Hartsough, Arthur Mc-
Garr, Ruth Miner, Elisabeth Nourse,
Jean Rosenberg, Catherine Spauding,
Willis Sullivan, Robert VanEtten, and
Isabell Warren.

The new reporters will tsart work
immediately. Regular beats will be as
signed to them and they will continue
their work in the office. The first pro
motion for which they are eligible is
to the position of copy editor. The
next step is night editor. Then come
the associate editorship and finally
the position of editor-in-chief as the
final goal.
Spring quarter tryouts for the edi
torial staff of the Stanford Daily
ended last night with the addition of
fourteen names to the list of reporters.

Te tryouts began at the first of this
quarter, and since then a group of
twenty-five has been working on spe
cial assignments, news stories, and
office work since that time. Appoint
ment to the staff has been on a com
petitive basis, the amount and quality
of stories written and the number of
hours spent in the office being taken
into consideration. Margaret Cum
mings, Woman's Editor of the Daily,
has been in charge of the tryouts.

Eight women and six men find their
names in the masthead this morning.
They are: Beatrice Bishop, Elizabeth
Clarke, John Gillingham, Jr., Ellis
Gait, William Hartsough, Arthur Mc-
Garr, Ruth Miner, Elisabeth Nourse,
Jean Rosenberg, Catherine Spauding,
Willis Sullivan, Robert VanEtten, and
Isabell Warren.

The new reporters will tsart work
immediately. Regular beats will be as
signed to them and they will continue
their work in the office. The first pro
motion for which they are eligible is
to the position of copy editor. The
next step is night editor. Then come
the associate editorship and finally
the position of editor-in-chief as the
final goal.
Spring quarter tryouts for the edi
torial staff of the Stanford Daily
ended last night with the addition of
fourteen names to the list of reporters.

Te tryouts began at the first of this
quarter, and since then a group of
twenty-five has been working on spe
cial assignments, news stories, and
office work since that time. Appoint
ment to the staff has been on a com
petitive basis, the amount and quality
of stories written and the number of
hours spent in the office being taken
into consideration. Margaret Cum
mings, Woman's Editor of the Daily,
has been in charge of the tryouts.

Eight women and six men find their
names in the masthead this morning.
They are: Beatrice Bishop, Elizabeth
Clarke, John Gillingham, Jr., Ellis
Gait, William Hartsough, Arthur Mc-
Garr, Ruth Miner, Elisabeth Nourse,
Jean Rosenberg, Catherine Spauding,
Willis Sullivan, Robert VanEtten, and
Isabell Warren.

The new reporters will tsart work
immediately. Regular beats will be as
signed to them and they will continue
their work in the office. The first pro
motion for which they are eligible is
to the position of copy editor. The
next step is night editor. Then come
the associate editorship and finally
the position of editor-in-chief as the
final goal.
Spring quarter tryouts for the edi
torial staff of the Stanford Daily
ended last night with the addition of
fourteen names to the list of reporters.

Te tryouts began at the first of this
quarter, and since then a group of
twenty-five has been working on spe
cial assignments, news stories, and
office work since that time. Appoint
ment to the staff has been on a com
petitive basis, the amount and quality
of stories written and the number of
hours spent in the office being taken
into consideration. Margaret Cum
mings, Woman's Editor of the Daily,
has been in charge of the tryouts.

Eight women and six men find their
names in the masthead this morning.
They are: Beatrice Bishop, Elizabeth
Clarke, John Gillingham, Jr., Ellis
Gait, William Hartsough, Arthur Mc-
Garr, Ruth Miner, Elisabeth Nourse,
Jean Rosenberg, Catherine Spauding,
Willis Sullivan, Robert VanEtten, and
Isabell Warren.

The new reporters will tsart work
immediately. Regular beats will be as
signed to them and they will continue
their work in the office. The first pro
motion for which they are eligible is
to the position of copy editor. The
next step is night editor. Then come
the associate editorship and finally
the position of editor-in-chief as the
final goal.
Spring quarter tryouts for the edi
torial staff of the Stanford Daily
ended last night with the addition of
fourteen names to the list of reporters.

Te tryouts began at the first of this
quarter, and since then a group of
twenty-five has been working on spe
cial assignments, news stories, and
office work since that time. Appoint
ment to the staff has been on a com
petitive basis, the amount and quality
of stories written and the number of
hours spent in the office being taken
into consideration. Margaret Cum
mings, Woman's Editor of the Daily,
has been in charge of the tryouts.

Eight women and six men find their
names in the masthead this morning.
They are: Beatrice Bishop, Elizabeth
Clarke, John Gillingham, Jr., Ellis
Gait, William Hartsough, Arthur Mc-
Garr, Ruth Miner, Elisabeth Nourse,
Jean Rosenberg, Catherine Spauding,
Willis Sullivan, Robert VanEtten, and
Isabell Warren.

The new reporters will tsart work
immediately. Regular beats will be as
signed to them and they will continue
their work in the office. The first pro
motion for which they are eligible is
to the position of copy editor. The
next step is night editor. Then come
the associate editorship and finally
the position of editor-in-chief as the
final goal.
Spring quarter tryouts for the edi
torial staff of the Stanford Daily
ended last night with the addition of
fourteen names to the list of reporters.

Te tryouts began at the first of this
quarter, and since then a group of
twenty-five has been working on spe
cial assignments, news stories, and
office work since that time. Appoint
ment to the staff has been on a com
petitive basis, the amount and quality
of stories written and the number of
hours spent in the office being taken
into consideration. Margaret Cum
mings, Woman's Editor of the Daily,
has been in charge of the tryouts.

Eight women and six men find their
names in the masthead this morning.
They are: Beatrice Bishop, Elizabeth
Clarke, John Gillingham, Jr., Ellis
Gait, William Hartsough, Arthur Mc-
Garr, Ruth Miner, Elisabeth Nourse,
Jean Rosenberg, Catherine Spauding,
Willis Sullivan, Robert VanEtten, and
Isabell Warren.

The new reporters will tsart work
immediately. Regular beats will be as
signed to them and they will continue
their work in the office. The first pro
motion for which they are eligible is
to the position of copy editor. The
next step is night editor. Then come
the associate editorship and finally
the position of editor-in-chief as the
final goal.
Spring quarter tryouts for the edi
torial staff of the Stanford Daily
ended last night with the addition of
fourteen names to the list of reporters.

Te tryouts began at the first of this
quarter, and since then a group of
twenty-five has been working on spe
cial assignments, news stories, and
office work since that time. Appoint
ment to the staff has been on a com
petitive basis, the amount and quality
of stories written and the number of
hours spent in the office being taken
into consideration. Margaret Cum
mings, Woman's Editor of the Daily,
has been in charge of the tryouts.

Eight women and six men find their
names in the masthead this morning.
They are: Beatrice Bishop, Elizabeth
Clarke, John Gillingham, Jr., Ellis
Gait, William Hartsough, Arthur Mc-
Garr, Ruth Miner, Elisabeth Nourse,
Jean Rosenberg, Catherine Spauding,
Willis Sullivan, Robert VanEtten, and
Isabell Warren.

The new reporters will tsart work
immediately. Regular beats will be as
signed to them and they will continue
their work in the office. The first pro
motion for which they are eligible is
to the position of copy editor. The
next step is night editor. Then come
the associate editorship and finally
the position of editor-in-chief as the
final goal.
Spring quarter tryouts for the edi
torial staff of the Stanford Daily
ended last night with the addition of
fourteen names to the list of reporters.

Te tryouts began at the first of this
quarter, and since then a group of
twenty-five has been working on spe
cial assignments, news stories, and
office work since that time. Appoint
ment to the staff has been on a com
petitive basis, the amount and quality
of stories written and the number of
hours spent in the office being taken
into consideration. Margaret Cum
mings, Woman's Editor of the Daily,
has been in charge of the tryouts.

Eight women and six men find their
names in the masthead this morning.
They are: Beatrice Bishop, Elizabeth
Clarke, John Gillingham, Jr., Ellis
Gait, William Hartsough, Arthur Mc-
Garr, Ruth Miner, Elisabeth Nourse,
Jean Rosenberg, Catherine Spauding,
Willis Sullivan, Robert VanEtten, and
Isabell Warren.

The new reporters will tsart work
immediately. Regular beats will be as
signed to them and they will continue
their work in the office. The first pro
motion for which they are eligible is
to the position of copy editor. The
next step is night editor. Then come
the associate editorship and finally
the position of editor-in-chief as the
final goal.
