# FOOD BOND ISSUE
## 
### 
NEW YORK, April 25.
tors of National Food Products Com
pany have authorized a $4,000,000
bond issue, the proceeds of which are
to be used for expansion. The com
pany also has an option to buy con
trol of Southern Grocery Stores, Inc.
NEW YORK, April 25.
tors of National Food Products Com
pany have authorized a $4,000,000
bond issue, the proceeds of which are
to be used for expansion. The com
pany also has an option to buy con
trol of Southern Grocery Stores, Inc.
NEW YORK, April 25.
tors of National Food Products Com
pany have authorized a $4,000,000
bond issue, the proceeds of which are
to be used for expansion. The com
pany also has an option to buy con
trol of Southern Grocery Stores, Inc.
NEW YORK, April 25.
tors of National Food Products Com
pany have authorized a $4,000,000
bond issue, the proceeds of which are
to be used for expansion. The com
pany also has an option to buy con
trol of Southern Grocery Stores, Inc.
NEW YORK, April 25.
tors of National Food Products Com
pany have authorized a $4,000,000
bond issue, the proceeds of which are
to be used for expansion. The com
pany also has an option to buy con
trol of Southern Grocery Stores, Inc.
NEW YORK, April 25.
tors of National Food Products Com
pany have authorized a $4,000,000
bond issue, the proceeds of which are
to be used for expansion. The com
pany also has an option to buy con
trol of Southern Grocery Stores, Inc.
NEW YORK, April 25.
tors of National Food Products Com
pany have authorized a $4,000,000
bond issue, the proceeds of which are
to be used for expansion. The com
pany also has an option to buy con
trol of Southern Grocery Stores, Inc.
NEW YORK, April 25.
tors of National Food Products Com
pany have authorized a $4,000,000
bond issue, the proceeds of which are
to be used for expansion. The com
pany also has an option to buy con
trol of Southern Grocery Stores, Inc.
NEW YORK, April 25.
tors of National Food Products Com
pany have authorized a $4,000,000
bond issue, the proceeds of which are
to be used for expansion. The com
pany also has an option to buy con
trol of Southern Grocery Stores, Inc.
NEW YORK, April 25.
tors of National Food Products Com
pany have authorized a $4,000,000
bond issue, the proceeds of which are
to be used for expansion. The com
pany also has an option to buy con
trol of Southern Grocery Stores, Inc.
NEW YORK, April 25.
tors of National Food Products Com
pany have authorized a $4,000,000
bond issue, the proceeds of which are
to be used for expansion. The com
pany also has an option to buy con
trol of Southern Grocery Stores, Inc.
NEW YORK, April 25.
tors of National Food Products Com
pany have authorized a $4,000,000
bond issue, the proceeds of which are
to be used for expansion. The com
pany also has an option to buy con
trol of Southern Grocery Stores, Inc.
NEW YORK, April 25.
tors of National Food Products Com
pany have authorized a $4,000,000
bond issue, the proceeds of which are
to be used for expansion. The com
pany also has an option to buy con
trol of Southern Grocery Stores, Inc.
NEW YORK, April 25.
tors of National Food Products Com
pany have authorized a $4,000,000
bond issue, the proceeds of which are
to be used for expansion. The com
pany also has an option to buy con
trol of Southern Grocery Stores, Inc.
NEW YORK, April 25.
tors of National Food Products Com
pany have authorized a $4,000,000
bond issue, the proceeds of which are
to be used for expansion. The com
pany also has an option to buy con
trol of Southern Grocery Stores, Inc.
NEW YORK, April 25.
tors of National Food Products Com
pany have authorized a $4,000,000
bond issue, the proceeds of which are
to be used for expansion. The com
pany also has an option to buy con
trol of Southern Grocery Stores, Inc.
