# Works Of Marshall Foch On Exhibition At Library
## 
### 
A case of books devoted entirely to
the life and works of the famous
Ferdinand Foch, late Commander-in-
Chief of the Allied Armies, is on ex
hibit outside the Hoover War Library
this week.
One of the most striking books in
the collection is "Principles of War,"
a compilation of his lectures delivered
at the Ecole de Guerre in Paris. In
the group is a letter written by Foch
to General Petain, by whom he was
appointed Chief of the General Staff
in 1917.
In August 1918 au official decree,
copies of which are also on exhibit,
announced him to be Marshall of
France. Complete maps of the last
campaigns of the war —from July to
November —may be seen in the collec
tion, as well as maps of the front be
fore, during, and after the Battle of
the Marne.
Several fine pictures of Foch are
included, one being a pose with Gen
eral Pershing, taken in the Great Gen
eral Headquarters of the Allies in
Paris.
A case of books devoted entirely to
the life and works of the famous
Ferdinand Foch, late Commander-in-
Chief of the Allied Armies, is on ex
hibit outside the Hoover War Library
this week.
One of the most striking books in
the collection is "Principles of War,"
a compilation of his lectures delivered
at the Ecole de Guerre in Paris. In
the group is a letter written by Foch
to General Petain, by whom he was
appointed Chief of the General Staff
in 1917.
In August 1918 au official decree,
copies of which are also on exhibit,
announced him to be Marshall of
France. Complete maps of the last
campaigns of the war —from July to
November —may be seen in the collec
tion, as well as maps of the front be
fore, during, and after the Battle of
the Marne.
Several fine pictures of Foch are
included, one being a pose with Gen
eral Pershing, taken in the Great Gen
eral Headquarters of the Allies in
Paris.
A case of books devoted entirely to
the life and works of the famous
Ferdinand Foch, late Commander-in-
Chief of the Allied Armies, is on ex
hibit outside the Hoover War Library
this week.
One of the most striking books in
the collection is "Principles of War,"
a compilation of his lectures delivered
at the Ecole de Guerre in Paris. In
the group is a letter written by Foch
to General Petain, by whom he was
appointed Chief of the General Staff
in 1917.
In August 1918 au official decree,
copies of which are also on exhibit,
announced him to be Marshall of
France. Complete maps of the last
campaigns of the war —from July to
November —may be seen in the collec
tion, as well as maps of the front be
fore, during, and after the Battle of
the Marne.
Several fine pictures of Foch are
included, one being a pose with Gen
eral Pershing, taken in the Great Gen
eral Headquarters of the Allies in
Paris.
A case of books devoted entirely to
the life and works of the famous
Ferdinand Foch, late Commander-in-
Chief of the Allied Armies, is on ex
hibit outside the Hoover War Library
this week.
One of the most striking books in
the collection is "Principles of War,"
a compilation of his lectures delivered
at the Ecole de Guerre in Paris. In
the group is a letter written by Foch
to General Petain, by whom he was
appointed Chief of the General Staff
in 1917.
In August 1918 au official decree,
copies of which are also on exhibit,
announced him to be Marshall of
France. Complete maps of the last
campaigns of the war —from July to
November —may be seen in the collec
tion, as well as maps of the front be
fore, during, and after the Battle of
the Marne.
Several fine pictures of Foch are
included, one being a pose with Gen
eral Pershing, taken in the Great Gen
eral Headquarters of the Allies in
Paris.
A case of books devoted entirely to
the life and works of the famous
Ferdinand Foch, late Commander-in-
Chief of the Allied Armies, is on ex
hibit outside the Hoover War Library
this week.
One of the most striking books in
the collection is "Principles of War,"
a compilation of his lectures delivered
at the Ecole de Guerre in Paris. In
the group is a letter written by Foch
to General Petain, by whom he was
appointed Chief of the General Staff
in 1917.
In August 1918 au official decree,
copies of which are also on exhibit,
announced him to be Marshall of
France. Complete maps of the last
campaigns of the war —from July to
November —may be seen in the collec
tion, as well as maps of the front be
fore, during, and after the Battle of
the Marne.
Several fine pictures of Foch are
included, one being a pose with Gen
eral Pershing, taken in the Great Gen
eral Headquarters of the Allies in
Paris.
A case of books devoted entirely to
the life and works of the famous
Ferdinand Foch, late Commander-in-
Chief of the Allied Armies, is on ex
hibit outside the Hoover War Library
this week.
One of the most striking books in
the collection is "Principles of War,"
a compilation of his lectures delivered
at the Ecole de Guerre in Paris. In
the group is a letter written by Foch
to General Petain, by whom he was
appointed Chief of the General Staff
in 1917.
In August 1918 au official decree,
copies of which are also on exhibit,
announced him to be Marshall of
France. Complete maps of the last
campaigns of the war —from July to
November —may be seen in the collec
tion, as well as maps of the front be
fore, during, and after the Battle of
the Marne.
Several fine pictures of Foch are
included, one being a pose with Gen
eral Pershing, taken in the Great Gen
eral Headquarters of the Allies in
Paris.
A case of books devoted entirely to
the life and works of the famous
Ferdinand Foch, late Commander-in-
Chief of the Allied Armies, is on ex
hibit outside the Hoover War Library
this week.
One of the most striking books in
the collection is "Principles of War,"
a compilation of his lectures delivered
at the Ecole de Guerre in Paris. In
the group is a letter written by Foch
to General Petain, by whom he was
appointed Chief of the General Staff
in 1917.
In August 1918 au official decree,
copies of which are also on exhibit,
announced him to be Marshall of
France. Complete maps of the last
campaigns of the war —from July to
November —may be seen in the collec
tion, as well as maps of the front be
fore, during, and after the Battle of
the Marne.
Several fine pictures of Foch are
included, one being a pose with Gen
eral Pershing, taken in the Great Gen
eral Headquarters of the Allies in
Paris.
A case of books devoted entirely to
the life and works of the famous
Ferdinand Foch, late Commander-in-
Chief of the Allied Armies, is on ex
hibit outside the Hoover War Library
this week.
One of the most striking books in
the collection is "Principles of War,"
a compilation of his lectures delivered
at the Ecole de Guerre in Paris. In
the group is a letter written by Foch
to General Petain, by whom he was
appointed Chief of the General Staff
in 1917.
In August 1918 au official decree,
copies of which are also on exhibit,
announced him to be Marshall of
France. Complete maps of the last
campaigns of the war —from July to
November —may be seen in the collec
tion, as well as maps of the front be
fore, during, and after the Battle of
the Marne.
Several fine pictures of Foch are
included, one being a pose with Gen
eral Pershing, taken in the Great Gen
eral Headquarters of the Allies in
Paris.
A case of books devoted entirely to
the life and works of the famous
Ferdinand Foch, late Commander-in-
Chief of the Allied Armies, is on ex
hibit outside the Hoover War Library
this week.
One of the most striking books in
the collection is "Principles of War,"
a compilation of his lectures delivered
at the Ecole de Guerre in Paris. In
the group is a letter written by Foch
to General Petain, by whom he was
appointed Chief of the General Staff
in 1917.
In August 1918 au official decree,
copies of which are also on exhibit,
announced him to be Marshall of
France. Complete maps of the last
campaigns of the war —from July to
November —may be seen in the collec
tion, as well as maps of the front be
fore, during, and after the Battle of
the Marne.
Several fine pictures of Foch are
included, one being a pose with Gen
eral Pershing, taken in the Great Gen
eral Headquarters of the Allies in
Paris.
A case of books devoted entirely to
the life and works of the famous
Ferdinand Foch, late Commander-in-
Chief of the Allied Armies, is on ex
hibit outside the Hoover War Library
this week.
One of the most striking books in
the collection is "Principles of War,"
a compilation of his lectures delivered
at the Ecole de Guerre in Paris. In
the group is a letter written by Foch
to General Petain, by whom he was
appointed Chief of the General Staff
in 1917.
In August 1918 au official decree,
copies of which are also on exhibit,
announced him to be Marshall of
France. Complete maps of the last
campaigns of the war —from July to
November —may be seen in the collec
tion, as well as maps of the front be
fore, during, and after the Battle of
the Marne.
Several fine pictures of Foch are
included, one being a pose with Gen
eral Pershing, taken in the Great Gen
eral Headquarters of the Allies in
Paris.
A case of books devoted entirely to
the life and works of the famous
Ferdinand Foch, late Commander-in-
Chief of the Allied Armies, is on ex
hibit outside the Hoover War Library
this week.
One of the most striking books in
the collection is "Principles of War,"
a compilation of his lectures delivered
at the Ecole de Guerre in Paris. In
the group is a letter written by Foch
to General Petain, by whom he was
appointed Chief of the General Staff
in 1917.
In August 1918 au official decree,
copies of which are also on exhibit,
announced him to be Marshall of
France. Complete maps of the last
campaigns of the war —from July to
November —may be seen in the collec
tion, as well as maps of the front be
fore, during, and after the Battle of
the Marne.
Several fine pictures of Foch are
included, one being a pose with Gen
eral Pershing, taken in the Great Gen
eral Headquarters of the Allies in
Paris.
A case of books devoted entirely to
the life and works of the famous
Ferdinand Foch, late Commander-in-
Chief of the Allied Armies, is on ex
hibit outside the Hoover War Library
this week.
One of the most striking books in
the collection is "Principles of War,"
a compilation of his lectures delivered
at the Ecole de Guerre in Paris. In
the group is a letter written by Foch
to General Petain, by whom he was
appointed Chief of the General Staff
in 1917.
In August 1918 au official decree,
copies of which are also on exhibit,
announced him to be Marshall of
France. Complete maps of the last
campaigns of the war —from July to
November —may be seen in the collec
tion, as well as maps of the front be
fore, during, and after the Battle of
the Marne.
Several fine pictures of Foch are
included, one being a pose with Gen
eral Pershing, taken in the Great Gen
eral Headquarters of the Allies in
Paris.
A case of books devoted entirely to
the life and works of the famous
Ferdinand Foch, late Commander-in-
Chief of the Allied Armies, is on ex
hibit outside the Hoover War Library
this week.
One of the most striking books in
the collection is "Principles of War,"
a compilation of his lectures delivered
at the Ecole de Guerre in Paris. In
the group is a letter written by Foch
to General Petain, by whom he was
appointed Chief of the General Staff
in 1917.
In August 1918 au official decree,
copies of which are also on exhibit,
announced him to be Marshall of
France. Complete maps of the last
campaigns of the war —from July to
November —may be seen in the collec
tion, as well as maps of the front be
fore, during, and after the Battle of
the Marne.
Several fine pictures of Foch are
included, one being a pose with Gen
eral Pershing, taken in the Great Gen
eral Headquarters of the Allies in
Paris.
A case of books devoted entirely to
the life and works of the famous
Ferdinand Foch, late Commander-in-
Chief of the Allied Armies, is on ex
hibit outside the Hoover War Library
this week.
One of the most striking books in
the collection is "Principles of War,"
a compilation of his lectures delivered
at the Ecole de Guerre in Paris. In
the group is a letter written by Foch
to General Petain, by whom he was
appointed Chief of the General Staff
in 1917.
In August 1918 au official decree,
copies of which are also on exhibit,
announced him to be Marshall of
France. Complete maps of the last
campaigns of the war —from July to
November —may be seen in the collec
tion, as well as maps of the front be
fore, during, and after the Battle of
the Marne.
Several fine pictures of Foch are
included, one being a pose with Gen
eral Pershing, taken in the Great Gen
eral Headquarters of the Allies in
Paris.
A case of books devoted entirely to
the life and works of the famous
Ferdinand Foch, late Commander-in-
Chief of the Allied Armies, is on ex
hibit outside the Hoover War Library
this week.
One of the most striking books in
the collection is "Principles of War,"
a compilation of his lectures delivered
at the Ecole de Guerre in Paris. In
the group is a letter written by Foch
to General Petain, by whom he was
appointed Chief of the General Staff
in 1917.
In August 1918 au official decree,
copies of which are also on exhibit,
announced him to be Marshall of
France. Complete maps of the last
campaigns of the war —from July to
November —may be seen in the collec
tion, as well as maps of the front be
fore, during, and after the Battle of
the Marne.
Several fine pictures of Foch are
included, one being a pose with Gen
eral Pershing, taken in the Great Gen
eral Headquarters of the Allies in
Paris.
A case of books devoted entirely to
the life and works of the famous
Ferdinand Foch, late Commander-in-
Chief of the Allied Armies, is on ex
hibit outside the Hoover War Library
this week.
One of the most striking books in
the collection is "Principles of War,"
a compilation of his lectures delivered
at the Ecole de Guerre in Paris. In
the group is a letter written by Foch
to General Petain, by whom he was
appointed Chief of the General Staff
in 1917.
In August 1918 au official decree,
copies of which are also on exhibit,
announced him to be Marshall of
France. Complete maps of the last
campaigns of the war —from July to
November —may be seen in the collec
tion, as well as maps of the front be
fore, during, and after the Battle of
the Marne.
Several fine pictures of Foch are
included, one being a pose with Gen
eral Pershing, taken in the Great Gen
eral Headquarters of the Allies in
Paris.
