# WILL REPRESENT NAVY IN RACE
## 
### 


Two balloons carrying the navy's colors will start In the national
races. Pilots are Lieut. Thomas G. W. Settle (left) and Lieut. Jack
C. Richardson.


Two balloons carrying the navy's colors will start In the national
races. Pilots are Lieut. Thomas G. W. Settle (left) and Lieut. Jack
C. Richardson.


Two balloons carrying the navy's colors will start In the national
races. Pilots are Lieut. Thomas G. W. Settle (left) and Lieut. Jack
C. Richardson.


Two balloons carrying the navy's colors will start In the national
races. Pilots are Lieut. Thomas G. W. Settle (left) and Lieut. Jack
C. Richardson.


Two balloons carrying the navy's colors will start In the national
races. Pilots are Lieut. Thomas G. W. Settle (left) and Lieut. Jack
C. Richardson.


Two balloons carrying the navy's colors will start In the national
races. Pilots are Lieut. Thomas G. W. Settle (left) and Lieut. Jack
C. Richardson.


Two balloons carrying the navy's colors will start In the national
races. Pilots are Lieut. Thomas G. W. Settle (left) and Lieut. Jack
C. Richardson.


Two balloons carrying the navy's colors will start In the national
races. Pilots are Lieut. Thomas G. W. Settle (left) and Lieut. Jack
C. Richardson.


Two balloons carrying the navy's colors will start In the national
races. Pilots are Lieut. Thomas G. W. Settle (left) and Lieut. Jack
C. Richardson.


Two balloons carrying the navy's colors will start In the national
races. Pilots are Lieut. Thomas G. W. Settle (left) and Lieut. Jack
C. Richardson.


Two balloons carrying the navy's colors will start In the national
races. Pilots are Lieut. Thomas G. W. Settle (left) and Lieut. Jack
C. Richardson.


Two balloons carrying the navy's colors will start In the national
races. Pilots are Lieut. Thomas G. W. Settle (left) and Lieut. Jack
C. Richardson.


Two balloons carrying the navy's colors will start In the national
races. Pilots are Lieut. Thomas G. W. Settle (left) and Lieut. Jack
C. Richardson.


Two balloons carrying the navy's colors will start In the national
races. Pilots are Lieut. Thomas G. W. Settle (left) and Lieut. Jack
C. Richardson.


Two balloons carrying the navy's colors will start In the national
races. Pilots are Lieut. Thomas G. W. Settle (left) and Lieut. Jack
C. Richardson.


Two balloons carrying the navy's colors will start In the national
races. Pilots are Lieut. Thomas G. W. Settle (left) and Lieut. Jack
C. Richardson.
