# ANNOUNCEMENTS
## 
### 
<$> —- — <Z>
FRIDAY
12 noon — Stanford fellowship hoard
meeting at luncheon in the Union.
7:30 p.m,—Assembly Hall ushers will
report for the Glee Club Concert.
8:15 p.m.—Stanford Glee Club Annual
Home Concert, in the Assembly
Hall. For benefit of Theatre Fund.
SUNDAY
10 a.m. —All members of the "Daily"
liaseball team on the field.
MISCELLANEOUS
Registrar's Office announces that all
applications for Bachelor of Arts
degrees in June must be in by Tues
day, May 7.
Seniors who have not paid their class
dues should mail at once checks for
$2.00, payable to the Class of 1921),
to Steve Halsted, class treasurer,
Box 82, Campus.
<$> —- — <Z>
FRIDAY
12 noon — Stanford fellowship hoard
meeting at luncheon in the Union.
7:30 p.m,—Assembly Hall ushers will
report for the Glee Club Concert.
8:15 p.m.—Stanford Glee Club Annual
Home Concert, in the Assembly
Hall. For benefit of Theatre Fund.
SUNDAY
10 a.m. —All members of the "Daily"
liaseball team on the field.
MISCELLANEOUS
Registrar's Office announces that all
applications for Bachelor of Arts
degrees in June must be in by Tues
day, May 7.
Seniors who have not paid their class
dues should mail at once checks for
$2.00, payable to the Class of 1921),
to Steve Halsted, class treasurer,
Box 82, Campus.
<$> —- — <Z>
FRIDAY
12 noon — Stanford fellowship hoard
meeting at luncheon in the Union.
7:30 p.m,—Assembly Hall ushers will
report for the Glee Club Concert.
8:15 p.m.—Stanford Glee Club Annual
Home Concert, in the Assembly
Hall. For benefit of Theatre Fund.
SUNDAY
10 a.m. —All members of the "Daily"
liaseball team on the field.
MISCELLANEOUS
Registrar's Office announces that all
applications for Bachelor of Arts
degrees in June must be in by Tues
day, May 7.
Seniors who have not paid their class
dues should mail at once checks for
$2.00, payable to the Class of 1921),
to Steve Halsted, class treasurer,
Box 82, Campus.
<$> —- — <Z>
FRIDAY
12 noon — Stanford fellowship hoard
meeting at luncheon in the Union.
7:30 p.m,—Assembly Hall ushers will
report for the Glee Club Concert.
8:15 p.m.—Stanford Glee Club Annual
Home Concert, in the Assembly
Hall. For benefit of Theatre Fund.
SUNDAY
10 a.m. —All members of the "Daily"
liaseball team on the field.
MISCELLANEOUS
Registrar's Office announces that all
applications for Bachelor of Arts
degrees in June must be in by Tues
day, May 7.
Seniors who have not paid their class
dues should mail at once checks for
$2.00, payable to the Class of 1921),
to Steve Halsted, class treasurer,
Box 82, Campus.
<$> —- — <Z>
FRIDAY
12 noon — Stanford fellowship hoard
meeting at luncheon in the Union.
7:30 p.m,—Assembly Hall ushers will
report for the Glee Club Concert.
8:15 p.m.—Stanford Glee Club Annual
Home Concert, in the Assembly
Hall. For benefit of Theatre Fund.
SUNDAY
10 a.m. —All members of the "Daily"
liaseball team on the field.
MISCELLANEOUS
Registrar's Office announces that all
applications for Bachelor of Arts
degrees in June must be in by Tues
day, May 7.
Seniors who have not paid their class
dues should mail at once checks for
$2.00, payable to the Class of 1921),
to Steve Halsted, class treasurer,
Box 82, Campus.
<$> —- — <Z>
FRIDAY
12 noon — Stanford fellowship hoard
meeting at luncheon in the Union.
7:30 p.m,—Assembly Hall ushers will
report for the Glee Club Concert.
8:15 p.m.—Stanford Glee Club Annual
Home Concert, in the Assembly
Hall. For benefit of Theatre Fund.
SUNDAY
10 a.m. —All members of the "Daily"
liaseball team on the field.
MISCELLANEOUS
Registrar's Office announces that all
applications for Bachelor of Arts
degrees in June must be in by Tues
day, May 7.
Seniors who have not paid their class
dues should mail at once checks for
$2.00, payable to the Class of 1921),
to Steve Halsted, class treasurer,
Box 82, Campus.
<$> —- — <Z>
FRIDAY
12 noon — Stanford fellowship hoard
meeting at luncheon in the Union.
7:30 p.m,—Assembly Hall ushers will
report for the Glee Club Concert.
8:15 p.m.—Stanford Glee Club Annual
Home Concert, in the Assembly
Hall. For benefit of Theatre Fund.
SUNDAY
10 a.m. —All members of the "Daily"
liaseball team on the field.
MISCELLANEOUS
Registrar's Office announces that all
applications for Bachelor of Arts
degrees in June must be in by Tues
day, May 7.
Seniors who have not paid their class
dues should mail at once checks for
$2.00, payable to the Class of 1921),
to Steve Halsted, class treasurer,
Box 82, Campus.
<$> —- — <Z>
FRIDAY
12 noon — Stanford fellowship hoard
meeting at luncheon in the Union.
7:30 p.m,—Assembly Hall ushers will
report for the Glee Club Concert.
8:15 p.m.—Stanford Glee Club Annual
Home Concert, in the Assembly
Hall. For benefit of Theatre Fund.
SUNDAY
10 a.m. —All members of the "Daily"
liaseball team on the field.
MISCELLANEOUS
Registrar's Office announces that all
applications for Bachelor of Arts
degrees in June must be in by Tues
day, May 7.
Seniors who have not paid their class
dues should mail at once checks for
$2.00, payable to the Class of 1921),
to Steve Halsted, class treasurer,
Box 82, Campus.
<$> —- — <Z>
FRIDAY
12 noon — Stanford fellowship hoard
meeting at luncheon in the Union.
7:30 p.m,—Assembly Hall ushers will
report for the Glee Club Concert.
8:15 p.m.—Stanford Glee Club Annual
Home Concert, in the Assembly
Hall. For benefit of Theatre Fund.
SUNDAY
10 a.m. —All members of the "Daily"
liaseball team on the field.
MISCELLANEOUS
Registrar's Office announces that all
applications for Bachelor of Arts
degrees in June must be in by Tues
day, May 7.
Seniors who have not paid their class
dues should mail at once checks for
$2.00, payable to the Class of 1921),
to Steve Halsted, class treasurer,
Box 82, Campus.
<$> —- — <Z>
FRIDAY
12 noon — Stanford fellowship hoard
meeting at luncheon in the Union.
7:30 p.m,—Assembly Hall ushers will
report for the Glee Club Concert.
8:15 p.m.—Stanford Glee Club Annual
Home Concert, in the Assembly
Hall. For benefit of Theatre Fund.
SUNDAY
10 a.m. —All members of the "Daily"
liaseball team on the field.
MISCELLANEOUS
Registrar's Office announces that all
applications for Bachelor of Arts
degrees in June must be in by Tues
day, May 7.
Seniors who have not paid their class
dues should mail at once checks for
$2.00, payable to the Class of 1921),
to Steve Halsted, class treasurer,
Box 82, Campus.
<$> —- — <Z>
FRIDAY
12 noon — Stanford fellowship hoard
meeting at luncheon in the Union.
7:30 p.m,—Assembly Hall ushers will
report for the Glee Club Concert.
8:15 p.m.—Stanford Glee Club Annual
Home Concert, in the Assembly
Hall. For benefit of Theatre Fund.
SUNDAY
10 a.m. —All members of the "Daily"
liaseball team on the field.
MISCELLANEOUS
Registrar's Office announces that all
applications for Bachelor of Arts
degrees in June must be in by Tues
day, May 7.
Seniors who have not paid their class
dues should mail at once checks for
$2.00, payable to the Class of 1921),
to Steve Halsted, class treasurer,
Box 82, Campus.
<$> —- — <Z>
FRIDAY
12 noon — Stanford fellowship hoard
meeting at luncheon in the Union.
7:30 p.m,—Assembly Hall ushers will
report for the Glee Club Concert.
8:15 p.m.—Stanford Glee Club Annual
Home Concert, in the Assembly
Hall. For benefit of Theatre Fund.
SUNDAY
10 a.m. —All members of the "Daily"
liaseball team on the field.
MISCELLANEOUS
Registrar's Office announces that all
applications for Bachelor of Arts
degrees in June must be in by Tues
day, May 7.
Seniors who have not paid their class
dues should mail at once checks for
$2.00, payable to the Class of 1921),
to Steve Halsted, class treasurer,
Box 82, Campus.
<$> —- — <Z>
FRIDAY
12 noon — Stanford fellowship hoard
meeting at luncheon in the Union.
7:30 p.m,—Assembly Hall ushers will
report for the Glee Club Concert.
8:15 p.m.—Stanford Glee Club Annual
Home Concert, in the Assembly
Hall. For benefit of Theatre Fund.
SUNDAY
10 a.m. —All members of the "Daily"
liaseball team on the field.
MISCELLANEOUS
Registrar's Office announces that all
applications for Bachelor of Arts
degrees in June must be in by Tues
day, May 7.
Seniors who have not paid their class
dues should mail at once checks for
$2.00, payable to the Class of 1921),
to Steve Halsted, class treasurer,
Box 82, Campus.
<$> —- — <Z>
FRIDAY
12 noon — Stanford fellowship hoard
meeting at luncheon in the Union.
7:30 p.m,—Assembly Hall ushers will
report for the Glee Club Concert.
8:15 p.m.—Stanford Glee Club Annual
Home Concert, in the Assembly
Hall. For benefit of Theatre Fund.
SUNDAY
10 a.m. —All members of the "Daily"
liaseball team on the field.
MISCELLANEOUS
Registrar's Office announces that all
applications for Bachelor of Arts
degrees in June must be in by Tues
day, May 7.
Seniors who have not paid their class
dues should mail at once checks for
$2.00, payable to the Class of 1921),
to Steve Halsted, class treasurer,
Box 82, Campus.
<$> —- — <Z>
FRIDAY
12 noon — Stanford fellowship hoard
meeting at luncheon in the Union.
7:30 p.m,—Assembly Hall ushers will
report for the Glee Club Concert.
8:15 p.m.—Stanford Glee Club Annual
Home Concert, in the Assembly
Hall. For benefit of Theatre Fund.
SUNDAY
10 a.m. —All members of the "Daily"
liaseball team on the field.
MISCELLANEOUS
Registrar's Office announces that all
applications for Bachelor of Arts
degrees in June must be in by Tues
day, May 7.
Seniors who have not paid their class
dues should mail at once checks for
$2.00, payable to the Class of 1921),
to Steve Halsted, class treasurer,
Box 82, Campus.
<$> —- — <Z>
FRIDAY
12 noon — Stanford fellowship hoard
meeting at luncheon in the Union.
7:30 p.m,—Assembly Hall ushers will
report for the Glee Club Concert.
8:15 p.m.—Stanford Glee Club Annual
Home Concert, in the Assembly
Hall. For benefit of Theatre Fund.
SUNDAY
10 a.m. —All members of the "Daily"
liaseball team on the field.
MISCELLANEOUS
Registrar's Office announces that all
applications for Bachelor of Arts
degrees in June must be in by Tues
day, May 7.
Seniors who have not paid their class
dues should mail at once checks for
$2.00, payable to the Class of 1921),
to Steve Halsted, class treasurer,
Box 82, Campus.
