# CANADIAN WINS MARATHON
## 
### 

For the second time In four years, Johnny Miles, Hamilton, Ont.,
outdistanced a large field including Clarence DeMar, to win the 32nd
Boston marathon of 26 miles.

For the second time In four years, Johnny Miles, Hamilton, Ont.,
outdistanced a large field including Clarence DeMar, to win the 32nd
Boston marathon of 26 miles.

For the second time In four years, Johnny Miles, Hamilton, Ont.,
outdistanced a large field including Clarence DeMar, to win the 32nd
Boston marathon of 26 miles.

For the second time In four years, Johnny Miles, Hamilton, Ont.,
outdistanced a large field including Clarence DeMar, to win the 32nd
Boston marathon of 26 miles.

For the second time In four years, Johnny Miles, Hamilton, Ont.,
outdistanced a large field including Clarence DeMar, to win the 32nd
Boston marathon of 26 miles.

For the second time In four years, Johnny Miles, Hamilton, Ont.,
outdistanced a large field including Clarence DeMar, to win the 32nd
Boston marathon of 26 miles.

For the second time In four years, Johnny Miles, Hamilton, Ont.,
outdistanced a large field including Clarence DeMar, to win the 32nd
Boston marathon of 26 miles.

For the second time In four years, Johnny Miles, Hamilton, Ont.,
outdistanced a large field including Clarence DeMar, to win the 32nd
Boston marathon of 26 miles.

For the second time In four years, Johnny Miles, Hamilton, Ont.,
outdistanced a large field including Clarence DeMar, to win the 32nd
Boston marathon of 26 miles.

For the second time In four years, Johnny Miles, Hamilton, Ont.,
outdistanced a large field including Clarence DeMar, to win the 32nd
Boston marathon of 26 miles.

For the second time In four years, Johnny Miles, Hamilton, Ont.,
outdistanced a large field including Clarence DeMar, to win the 32nd
Boston marathon of 26 miles.

For the second time In four years, Johnny Miles, Hamilton, Ont.,
outdistanced a large field including Clarence DeMar, to win the 32nd
Boston marathon of 26 miles.

For the second time In four years, Johnny Miles, Hamilton, Ont.,
outdistanced a large field including Clarence DeMar, to win the 32nd
Boston marathon of 26 miles.

For the second time In four years, Johnny Miles, Hamilton, Ont.,
outdistanced a large field including Clarence DeMar, to win the 32nd
Boston marathon of 26 miles.

For the second time In four years, Johnny Miles, Hamilton, Ont.,
outdistanced a large field including Clarence DeMar, to win the 32nd
Boston marathon of 26 miles.

For the second time In four years, Johnny Miles, Hamilton, Ont.,
outdistanced a large field including Clarence DeMar, to win the 32nd
Boston marathon of 26 miles.
