# New Cabinet Of Y.W.C.A. Discusses Plans For Year
## 
### 
The new Cabinet of the Y.W.C.A.
met for the first time in the Women's
Clubhouse for dinner Tuesday night.

It was decided that the cabinet
would be concerned mainly with dis
cussion of plans for next year, and
the actual work will not begin until
then. Each girl briefly explained the
nature of her commission, and special
interest was shown in the new Per
sonnel Commission headed by Kathe
rine Keho and Elizabeth Woodyatt.
This Commission was created for the
purpose of interesting more women in
campus activities, especially some of
the girls in Roble and in homes off
the campus.
The combination meeting of the Ad
visory Board and old and new cabi
nets at the home of Mrs. Morse next
Tuesday evening is postponed for one
week, it was announced.
