# KRENZ WEARING STANFORD TRACK COLORS
## 
### 

Honor student who met death Tuesday
afternoon when swimming in Emerald
Bay, Lake Tahoe.

Honor student who met death Tuesday
afternoon when swimming in Emerald
Bay, Lake Tahoe.

Honor student who met death Tuesday
afternoon when swimming in Emerald
Bay, Lake Tahoe.

Honor student who met death Tuesday
afternoon when swimming in Emerald
Bay, Lake Tahoe.

Honor student who met death Tuesday
afternoon when swimming in Emerald
Bay, Lake Tahoe.

Honor student who met death Tuesday
afternoon when swimming in Emerald
Bay, Lake Tahoe.

Honor student who met death Tuesday
afternoon when swimming in Emerald
Bay, Lake Tahoe.

Honor student who met death Tuesday
afternoon when swimming in Emerald
Bay, Lake Tahoe.

Honor student who met death Tuesday
afternoon when swimming in Emerald
Bay, Lake Tahoe.

Honor student who met death Tuesday
afternoon when swimming in Emerald
Bay, Lake Tahoe.

Honor student who met death Tuesday
afternoon when swimming in Emerald
Bay, Lake Tahoe.

Honor student who met death Tuesday
afternoon when swimming in Emerald
Bay, Lake Tahoe.

Honor student who met death Tuesday
afternoon when swimming in Emerald
Bay, Lake Tahoe.

Honor student who met death Tuesday
afternoon when swimming in Emerald
Bay, Lake Tahoe.

Honor student who met death Tuesday
afternoon when swimming in Emerald
Bay, Lake Tahoe.
