# Untitled Article
## 
### 

The Stanford Zone
The Boathouse shines eerily in the nighttime fog that blan
keted the campus over the last weekend. Although ghostly
shadows and weirdly bobbing lights were common sights,
there was no truth to the rumors that hideous apparitions

Greg Webb/Daily
and other-worldly manifestations had increased signifi
cantly during the fog, or that the parapsychology lab was
"onto something bigr

The Stanford Zone
The Boathouse shines eerily in the nighttime fog that blan
keted the campus over the last weekend. Although ghostly
shadows and weirdly bobbing lights were common sights,
there was no truth to the rumors that hideous apparitions

Greg Webb/Daily
and other-worldly manifestations had increased signifi
cantly during the fog, or that the parapsychology lab was
"onto something bigr

The Stanford Zone
The Boathouse shines eerily in the nighttime fog that blan
keted the campus over the last weekend. Although ghostly
shadows and weirdly bobbing lights were common sights,
there was no truth to the rumors that hideous apparitions

Greg Webb/Daily
and other-worldly manifestations had increased signifi
cantly during the fog, or that the parapsychology lab was
"onto something bigr

The Stanford Zone
The Boathouse shines eerily in the nighttime fog that blan
keted the campus over the last weekend. Although ghostly
shadows and weirdly bobbing lights were common sights,
there was no truth to the rumors that hideous apparitions

Greg Webb/Daily
and other-worldly manifestations had increased signifi
cantly during the fog, or that the parapsychology lab was
"onto something bigr

The Stanford Zone
The Boathouse shines eerily in the nighttime fog that blan
keted the campus over the last weekend. Although ghostly
shadows and weirdly bobbing lights were common sights,
there was no truth to the rumors that hideous apparitions

Greg Webb/Daily
and other-worldly manifestations had increased signifi
cantly during the fog, or that the parapsychology lab was
"onto something bigr

The Stanford Zone
The Boathouse shines eerily in the nighttime fog that blan
keted the campus over the last weekend. Although ghostly
shadows and weirdly bobbing lights were common sights,
there was no truth to the rumors that hideous apparitions

Greg Webb/Daily
and other-worldly manifestations had increased signifi
cantly during the fog, or that the parapsychology lab was
"onto something bigr

The Stanford Zone
The Boathouse shines eerily in the nighttime fog that blan
keted the campus over the last weekend. Although ghostly
shadows and weirdly bobbing lights were common sights,
there was no truth to the rumors that hideous apparitions

Greg Webb/Daily
and other-worldly manifestations had increased signifi
cantly during the fog, or that the parapsychology lab was
"onto something bigr

The Stanford Zone
The Boathouse shines eerily in the nighttime fog that blan
keted the campus over the last weekend. Although ghostly
shadows and weirdly bobbing lights were common sights,
there was no truth to the rumors that hideous apparitions

Greg Webb/Daily
and other-worldly manifestations had increased signifi
cantly during the fog, or that the parapsychology lab was
"onto something bigr
