# Traditional Demos, Republicans Confuse Voters In Deep South
## 
### PAT McMAHON 
Election year in the South is a
phenomenon peculiar to that area
alone.
Whether it is the "traditional Demo
crats" supporting Barry Goldwater, or
as it is now the Republicans crossing
over to vote for the least-likely-to-win
candidate only to find out that he
probably is the most likely, it is
uniquely Southern.
A governess for Alabama? Yes, and
perhaps by 70 per cent of the Ala
bamans Xing for Lureen. Lureen Wal
lace stand-in for husband George is
running as he is constitutionally bar
red from seeking another term.
Alabama Movement
George for President? So the Wal
laces promise as they campaign
throughout their state, claiming that
they will expand the "Alabama Move
ment" in 1968 even to the whole coun
try.
The thought that an arch-conserva
tive inherited LBJ's Senate seat when
he became Vice-President is appalling
to Texas Democrats, but the thought
that he may win again has them quak
ing.
John Tower, '64 Goldwaterite, com
mands a curious following of Re
publicans and Democrats, conserva
tives and liberals. The most surpris
ing of the group is the liberals, but
understandably are they supporting
him. They want to defeat Tower's op
ponent State Attorney Waggoner
Carr.
Influence
The liberals reason their support
in that with Carr's defeat they can
lessen the influence of the Democratic
party as it stands now and try to
wedge their way into a position of in
fluence in an otherwise conservative
oriented party.
Tower's chances rest with the turn
out of Texans at the polls. The less
that turn out the better his chances.

Mississippi, another of the racial
oriented electorates in the South, is
curious about their Senator Eastland.
Every klanman and his wife are back
ing GOP hopeful Prestiss Walker,
Goldwater conservative, and claiming
Eastland is soft on the Administra
tion.
Eastland Squeak
White blacklash in the south is
what it might be called, but Eastland
should squeak by.
Rockefellers who run around in New
New York, and West Viginia are also
running in Arkansas, and his name
is Winthrop. Two years ago Win
almost won when he polled 43 per cent
of the vote against Governor Orvil
Faubus.

Racist Jim Johnson is GOP Rocke
feller's opponent in what will be a
close race. Once again, it looks like
Win won't be won, and Jim will win.
Florida, Oklahoma, Louisiana, and
North Carolina line up for the Demo
crats. Looks like Kentucky will send
Republican Cooper to help out GOP
leader Thruston Morton and make the
Bluegrass state's Senate representa
tion thoroughly Republican.
South Carolina, Democratic for most
everything, will pat on back Strom
Hhurmond, Republican-only-recently,
and send him back to Washington.
Tennessee will elect Democrat
Ellington to the Statehouse and its
Senate race between Republican Baker
and Democratic Clement is a toss-up.
Election year in the South is a
phenomenon peculiar to that area
alone.
Whether it is the "traditional Demo
crats" supporting Barry Goldwater, or
as it is now the Republicans crossing
over to vote for the least-likely-to-win
candidate only to find out that he
probably is the most likely, it is
uniquely Southern.
A governess for Alabama? Yes, and
perhaps by 70 per cent of the Ala
bamans Xing for Lureen. Lureen Wal
lace stand-in for husband George is
running as he is constitutionally bar
red from seeking another term.
Alabama Movement
George for President? So the Wal
laces promise as they campaign
throughout their state, claiming that
they will expand the "Alabama Move
ment" in 1968 even to the whole coun
try.
The thought that an arch-conserva
tive inherited LBJ's Senate seat when
he became Vice-President is appalling
to Texas Democrats, but the thought
that he may win again has them quak
ing.
John Tower, '64 Goldwaterite, com
mands a curious following of Re
publicans and Democrats, conserva
tives and liberals. The most surpris
ing of the group is the liberals, but
understandably are they supporting
him. They want to defeat Tower's op
ponent State Attorney Waggoner
Carr.
Influence
The liberals reason their support
in that with Carr's defeat they can
lessen the influence of the Democratic
party as it stands now and try to
wedge their way into a position of in
fluence in an otherwise conservative
oriented party.
Tower's chances rest with the turn
out of Texans at the polls. The less
that turn out the better his chances.

Mississippi, another of the racial
oriented electorates in the South, is
curious about their Senator Eastland.
Every klanman and his wife are back
ing GOP hopeful Prestiss Walker,
Goldwater conservative, and claiming
Eastland is soft on the Administra
tion.
Eastland Squeak
White blacklash in the south is
what it might be called, but Eastland
should squeak by.
Rockefellers who run around in New
New York, and West Viginia are also
running in Arkansas, and his name
is Winthrop. Two years ago Win
almost won when he polled 43 per cent
of the vote against Governor Orvil
Faubus.

Racist Jim Johnson is GOP Rocke
feller's opponent in what will be a
close race. Once again, it looks like
Win won't be won, and Jim will win.
Florida, Oklahoma, Louisiana, and
North Carolina line up for the Demo
crats. Looks like Kentucky will send
Republican Cooper to help out GOP
leader Thruston Morton and make the
Bluegrass state's Senate representa
tion thoroughly Republican.
South Carolina, Democratic for most
everything, will pat on back Strom
Hhurmond, Republican-only-recently,
and send him back to Washington.
Tennessee will elect Democrat
Ellington to the Statehouse and its
Senate race between Republican Baker
and Democratic Clement is a toss-up.
Election year in the South is a
phenomenon peculiar to that area
alone.
Whether it is the "traditional Demo
crats" supporting Barry Goldwater, or
as it is now the Republicans crossing
over to vote for the least-likely-to-win
candidate only to find out that he
probably is the most likely, it is
uniquely Southern.
A governess for Alabama? Yes, and
perhaps by 70 per cent of the Ala
bamans Xing for Lureen. Lureen Wal
lace stand-in for husband George is
running as he is constitutionally bar
red from seeking another term.
Alabama Movement
George for President? So the Wal
laces promise as they campaign
throughout their state, claiming that
they will expand the "Alabama Move
ment" in 1968 even to the whole coun
try.
The thought that an arch-conserva
tive inherited LBJ's Senate seat when
he became Vice-President is appalling
to Texas Democrats, but the thought
that he may win again has them quak
ing.
John Tower, '64 Goldwaterite, com
mands a curious following of Re
publicans and Democrats, conserva
tives and liberals. The most surpris
ing of the group is the liberals, but
understandably are they supporting
him. They want to defeat Tower's op
ponent State Attorney Waggoner
Carr.
Influence
The liberals reason their support
in that with Carr's defeat they can
lessen the influence of the Democratic
party as it stands now and try to
wedge their way into a position of in
fluence in an otherwise conservative
oriented party.
Tower's chances rest with the turn
out of Texans at the polls. The less
that turn out the better his chances.

Mississippi, another of the racial
oriented electorates in the South, is
curious about their Senator Eastland.
Every klanman and his wife are back
ing GOP hopeful Prestiss Walker,
Goldwater conservative, and claiming
Eastland is soft on the Administra
tion.
Eastland Squeak
White blacklash in the south is
what it might be called, but Eastland
should squeak by.
Rockefellers who run around in New
New York, and West Viginia are also
running in Arkansas, and his name
is Winthrop. Two years ago Win
almost won when he polled 43 per cent
of the vote against Governor Orvil
Faubus.

Racist Jim Johnson is GOP Rocke
feller's opponent in what will be a
close race. Once again, it looks like
Win won't be won, and Jim will win.
Florida, Oklahoma, Louisiana, and
North Carolina line up for the Demo
crats. Looks like Kentucky will send
Republican Cooper to help out GOP
leader Thruston Morton and make the
Bluegrass state's Senate representa
tion thoroughly Republican.
South Carolina, Democratic for most
everything, will pat on back Strom
Hhurmond, Republican-only-recently,
and send him back to Washington.
Tennessee will elect Democrat
Ellington to the Statehouse and its
Senate race between Republican Baker
and Democratic Clement is a toss-up.
Election year in the South is a
phenomenon peculiar to that area
alone.
Whether it is the "traditional Demo
crats" supporting Barry Goldwater, or
as it is now the Republicans crossing
over to vote for the least-likely-to-win
candidate only to find out that he
probably is the most likely, it is
uniquely Southern.
A governess for Alabama? Yes, and
perhaps by 70 per cent of the Ala
bamans Xing for Lureen. Lureen Wal
lace stand-in for husband George is
running as he is constitutionally bar
red from seeking another term.
Alabama Movement
George for President? So the Wal
laces promise as they campaign
throughout their state, claiming that
they will expand the "Alabama Move
ment" in 1968 even to the whole coun
try.
The thought that an arch-conserva
tive inherited LBJ's Senate seat when
he became Vice-President is appalling
to Texas Democrats, but the thought
that he may win again has them quak
ing.
John Tower, '64 Goldwaterite, com
mands a curious following of Re
publicans and Democrats, conserva
tives and liberals. The most surpris
ing of the group is the liberals, but
understandably are they supporting
him. They want to defeat Tower's op
ponent State Attorney Waggoner
Carr.
Influence
The liberals reason their support
in that with Carr's defeat they can
lessen the influence of the Democratic
party as it stands now and try to
wedge their way into a position of in
fluence in an otherwise conservative
oriented party.
Tower's chances rest with the turn
out of Texans at the polls. The less
that turn out the better his chances.

Mississippi, another of the racial
oriented electorates in the South, is
curious about their Senator Eastland.
Every klanman and his wife are back
ing GOP hopeful Prestiss Walker,
Goldwater conservative, and claiming
Eastland is soft on the Administra
tion.
Eastland Squeak
White blacklash in the south is
what it might be called, but Eastland
should squeak by.
Rockefellers who run around in New
New York, and West Viginia are also
running in Arkansas, and his name
is Winthrop. Two years ago Win
almost won when he polled 43 per cent
of the vote against Governor Orvil
Faubus.

Racist Jim Johnson is GOP Rocke
feller's opponent in what will be a
close race. Once again, it looks like
Win won't be won, and Jim will win.
Florida, Oklahoma, Louisiana, and
North Carolina line up for the Demo
crats. Looks like Kentucky will send
Republican Cooper to help out GOP
leader Thruston Morton and make the
Bluegrass state's Senate representa
tion thoroughly Republican.
South Carolina, Democratic for most
everything, will pat on back Strom
Hhurmond, Republican-only-recently,
and send him back to Washington.
Tennessee will elect Democrat
Ellington to the Statehouse and its
Senate race between Republican Baker
and Democratic Clement is a toss-up.
Election year in the South is a
phenomenon peculiar to that area
alone.
Whether it is the "traditional Demo
crats" supporting Barry Goldwater, or
as it is now the Republicans crossing
over to vote for the least-likely-to-win
candidate only to find out that he
probably is the most likely, it is
uniquely Southern.
A governess for Alabama? Yes, and
perhaps by 70 per cent of the Ala
bamans Xing for Lureen. Lureen Wal
lace stand-in for husband George is
running as he is constitutionally bar
red from seeking another term.
Alabama Movement
George for President? So the Wal
laces promise as they campaign
throughout their state, claiming that
they will expand the "Alabama Move
ment" in 1968 even to the whole coun
try.
The thought that an arch-conserva
tive inherited LBJ's Senate seat when
he became Vice-President is appalling
to Texas Democrats, but the thought
that he may win again has them quak
ing.
John Tower, '64 Goldwaterite, com
mands a curious following of Re
publicans and Democrats, conserva
tives and liberals. The most surpris
ing of the group is the liberals, but
understandably are they supporting
him. They want to defeat Tower's op
ponent State Attorney Waggoner
Carr.
Influence
The liberals reason their support
in that with Carr's defeat they can
lessen the influence of the Democratic
party as it stands now and try to
wedge their way into a position of in
fluence in an otherwise conservative
oriented party.
Tower's chances rest with the turn
out of Texans at the polls. The less
that turn out the better his chances.

Mississippi, another of the racial
oriented electorates in the South, is
curious about their Senator Eastland.
Every klanman and his wife are back
ing GOP hopeful Prestiss Walker,
Goldwater conservative, and claiming
Eastland is soft on the Administra
tion.
Eastland Squeak
White blacklash in the south is
what it might be called, but Eastland
should squeak by.
Rockefellers who run around in New
New York, and West Viginia are also
running in Arkansas, and his name
is Winthrop. Two years ago Win
almost won when he polled 43 per cent
of the vote against Governor Orvil
Faubus.

Racist Jim Johnson is GOP Rocke
feller's opponent in what will be a
close race. Once again, it looks like
Win won't be won, and Jim will win.
Florida, Oklahoma, Louisiana, and
North Carolina line up for the Demo
crats. Looks like Kentucky will send
Republican Cooper to help out GOP
leader Thruston Morton and make the
Bluegrass state's Senate representa
tion thoroughly Republican.
South Carolina, Democratic for most
everything, will pat on back Strom
Hhurmond, Republican-only-recently,
and send him back to Washington.
Tennessee will elect Democrat
Ellington to the Statehouse and its
Senate race between Republican Baker
and Democratic Clement is a toss-up.
Election year in the South is a
phenomenon peculiar to that area
alone.
Whether it is the "traditional Demo
crats" supporting Barry Goldwater, or
as it is now the Republicans crossing
over to vote for the least-likely-to-win
candidate only to find out that he
probably is the most likely, it is
uniquely Southern.
A governess for Alabama? Yes, and
perhaps by 70 per cent of the Ala
bamans Xing for Lureen. Lureen Wal
lace stand-in for husband George is
running as he is constitutionally bar
red from seeking another term.
Alabama Movement
George for President? So the Wal
laces promise as they campaign
throughout their state, claiming that
they will expand the "Alabama Move
ment" in 1968 even to the whole coun
try.
The thought that an arch-conserva
tive inherited LBJ's Senate seat when
he became Vice-President is appalling
to Texas Democrats, but the thought
that he may win again has them quak
ing.
John Tower, '64 Goldwaterite, com
mands a curious following of Re
publicans and Democrats, conserva
tives and liberals. The most surpris
ing of the group is the liberals, but
understandably are they supporting
him. They want to defeat Tower's op
ponent State Attorney Waggoner
Carr.
Influence
The liberals reason their support
in that with Carr's defeat they can
lessen the influence of the Democratic
party as it stands now and try to
wedge their way into a position of in
fluence in an otherwise conservative
oriented party.
Tower's chances rest with the turn
out of Texans at the polls. The less
that turn out the better his chances.

Mississippi, another of the racial
oriented electorates in the South, is
curious about their Senator Eastland.
Every klanman and his wife are back
ing GOP hopeful Prestiss Walker,
Goldwater conservative, and claiming
Eastland is soft on the Administra
tion.
Eastland Squeak
White blacklash in the south is
what it might be called, but Eastland
should squeak by.
Rockefellers who run around in New
New York, and West Viginia are also
running in Arkansas, and his name
is Winthrop. Two years ago Win
almost won when he polled 43 per cent
of the vote against Governor Orvil
Faubus.

Racist Jim Johnson is GOP Rocke
feller's opponent in what will be a
close race. Once again, it looks like
Win won't be won, and Jim will win.
Florida, Oklahoma, Louisiana, and
North Carolina line up for the Demo
crats. Looks like Kentucky will send
Republican Cooper to help out GOP
leader Thruston Morton and make the
Bluegrass state's Senate representa
tion thoroughly Republican.
South Carolina, Democratic for most
everything, will pat on back Strom
Hhurmond, Republican-only-recently,
and send him back to Washington.
Tennessee will elect Democrat
Ellington to the Statehouse and its
Senate race between Republican Baker
and Democratic Clement is a toss-up.
Election year in the South is a
phenomenon peculiar to that area
alone.
Whether it is the "traditional Demo
crats" supporting Barry Goldwater, or
as it is now the Republicans crossing
over to vote for the least-likely-to-win
candidate only to find out that he
probably is the most likely, it is
uniquely Southern.
A governess for Alabama? Yes, and
perhaps by 70 per cent of the Ala
bamans Xing for Lureen. Lureen Wal
lace stand-in for husband George is
running as he is constitutionally bar
red from seeking another term.
Alabama Movement
George for President? So the Wal
laces promise as they campaign
throughout their state, claiming that
they will expand the "Alabama Move
ment" in 1968 even to the whole coun
try.
The thought that an arch-conserva
tive inherited LBJ's Senate seat when
he became Vice-President is appalling
to Texas Democrats, but the thought
that he may win again has them quak
ing.
John Tower, '64 Goldwaterite, com
mands a curious following of Re
publicans and Democrats, conserva
tives and liberals. The most surpris
ing of the group is the liberals, but
understandably are they supporting
him. They want to defeat Tower's op
ponent State Attorney Waggoner
Carr.
Influence
The liberals reason their support
in that with Carr's defeat they can
lessen the influence of the Democratic
party as it stands now and try to
wedge their way into a position of in
fluence in an otherwise conservative
oriented party.
Tower's chances rest with the turn
out of Texans at the polls. The less
that turn out the better his chances.

Mississippi, another of the racial
oriented electorates in the South, is
curious about their Senator Eastland.
Every klanman and his wife are back
ing GOP hopeful Prestiss Walker,
Goldwater conservative, and claiming
Eastland is soft on the Administra
tion.
Eastland Squeak
White blacklash in the south is
what it might be called, but Eastland
should squeak by.
Rockefellers who run around in New
New York, and West Viginia are also
running in Arkansas, and his name
is Winthrop. Two years ago Win
almost won when he polled 43 per cent
of the vote against Governor Orvil
Faubus.

Racist Jim Johnson is GOP Rocke
feller's opponent in what will be a
close race. Once again, it looks like
Win won't be won, and Jim will win.
Florida, Oklahoma, Louisiana, and
North Carolina line up for the Demo
crats. Looks like Kentucky will send
Republican Cooper to help out GOP
leader Thruston Morton and make the
Bluegrass state's Senate representa
tion thoroughly Republican.
South Carolina, Democratic for most
everything, will pat on back Strom
Hhurmond, Republican-only-recently,
and send him back to Washington.
Tennessee will elect Democrat
Ellington to the Statehouse and its
Senate race between Republican Baker
and Democratic Clement is a toss-up.
Election year in the South is a
phenomenon peculiar to that area
alone.
Whether it is the "traditional Demo
crats" supporting Barry Goldwater, or
as it is now the Republicans crossing
over to vote for the least-likely-to-win
candidate only to find out that he
probably is the most likely, it is
uniquely Southern.
A governess for Alabama? Yes, and
perhaps by 70 per cent of the Ala
bamans Xing for Lureen. Lureen Wal
lace stand-in for husband George is
running as he is constitutionally bar
red from seeking another term.
Alabama Movement
George for President? So the Wal
laces promise as they campaign
throughout their state, claiming that
they will expand the "Alabama Move
ment" in 1968 even to the whole coun
try.
The thought that an arch-conserva
tive inherited LBJ's Senate seat when
he became Vice-President is appalling
to Texas Democrats, but the thought
that he may win again has them quak
ing.
John Tower, '64 Goldwaterite, com
mands a curious following of Re
publicans and Democrats, conserva
tives and liberals. The most surpris
ing of the group is the liberals, but
understandably are they supporting
him. They want to defeat Tower's op
ponent State Attorney Waggoner
Carr.
Influence
The liberals reason their support
in that with Carr's defeat they can
lessen the influence of the Democratic
party as it stands now and try to
wedge their way into a position of in
fluence in an otherwise conservative
oriented party.
Tower's chances rest with the turn
out of Texans at the polls. The less
that turn out the better his chances.

Mississippi, another of the racial
oriented electorates in the South, is
curious about their Senator Eastland.
Every klanman and his wife are back
ing GOP hopeful Prestiss Walker,
Goldwater conservative, and claiming
Eastland is soft on the Administra
tion.
Eastland Squeak
White blacklash in the south is
what it might be called, but Eastland
should squeak by.
Rockefellers who run around in New
New York, and West Viginia are also
running in Arkansas, and his name
is Winthrop. Two years ago Win
almost won when he polled 43 per cent
of the vote against Governor Orvil
Faubus.

Racist Jim Johnson is GOP Rocke
feller's opponent in what will be a
close race. Once again, it looks like
Win won't be won, and Jim will win.
Florida, Oklahoma, Louisiana, and
North Carolina line up for the Demo
crats. Looks like Kentucky will send
Republican Cooper to help out GOP
leader Thruston Morton and make the
Bluegrass state's Senate representa
tion thoroughly Republican.
South Carolina, Democratic for most
everything, will pat on back Strom
Hhurmond, Republican-only-recently,
and send him back to Washington.
Tennessee will elect Democrat
Ellington to the Statehouse and its
Senate race between Republican Baker
and Democratic Clement is a toss-up.
Election year in the South is a
phenomenon peculiar to that area
alone.
Whether it is the "traditional Demo
crats" supporting Barry Goldwater, or
as it is now the Republicans crossing
over to vote for the least-likely-to-win
candidate only to find out that he
probably is the most likely, it is
uniquely Southern.
A governess for Alabama? Yes, and
perhaps by 70 per cent of the Ala
bamans Xing for Lureen. Lureen Wal
lace stand-in for husband George is
running as he is constitutionally bar
red from seeking another term.
Alabama Movement
George for President? So the Wal
laces promise as they campaign
throughout their state, claiming that
they will expand the "Alabama Move
ment" in 1968 even to the whole coun
try.
The thought that an arch-conserva
tive inherited LBJ's Senate seat when
he became Vice-President is appalling
to Texas Democrats, but the thought
that he may win again has them quak
ing.
John Tower, '64 Goldwaterite, com
mands a curious following of Re
publicans and Democrats, conserva
tives and liberals. The most surpris
ing of the group is the liberals, but
understandably are they supporting
him. They want to defeat Tower's op
ponent State Attorney Waggoner
Carr.
Influence
The liberals reason their support
in that with Carr's defeat they can
lessen the influence of the Democratic
party as it stands now and try to
wedge their way into a position of in
fluence in an otherwise conservative
oriented party.
Tower's chances rest with the turn
out of Texans at the polls. The less
that turn out the better his chances.

Mississippi, another of the racial
oriented electorates in the South, is
curious about their Senator Eastland.
Every klanman and his wife are back
ing GOP hopeful Prestiss Walker,
Goldwater conservative, and claiming
Eastland is soft on the Administra
tion.
Eastland Squeak
White blacklash in the south is
what it might be called, but Eastland
should squeak by.
Rockefellers who run around in New
New York, and West Viginia are also
running in Arkansas, and his name
is Winthrop. Two years ago Win
almost won when he polled 43 per cent
of the vote against Governor Orvil
Faubus.

Racist Jim Johnson is GOP Rocke
feller's opponent in what will be a
close race. Once again, it looks like
Win won't be won, and Jim will win.
Florida, Oklahoma, Louisiana, and
North Carolina line up for the Demo
crats. Looks like Kentucky will send
Republican Cooper to help out GOP
leader Thruston Morton and make the
Bluegrass state's Senate representa
tion thoroughly Republican.
South Carolina, Democratic for most
everything, will pat on back Strom
Hhurmond, Republican-only-recently,
and send him back to Washington.
Tennessee will elect Democrat
Ellington to the Statehouse and its
Senate race between Republican Baker
and Democratic Clement is a toss-up.
Election year in the South is a
phenomenon peculiar to that area
alone.
Whether it is the "traditional Demo
crats" supporting Barry Goldwater, or
as it is now the Republicans crossing
over to vote for the least-likely-to-win
candidate only to find out that he
probably is the most likely, it is
uniquely Southern.
A governess for Alabama? Yes, and
perhaps by 70 per cent of the Ala
bamans Xing for Lureen. Lureen Wal
lace stand-in for husband George is
running as he is constitutionally bar
red from seeking another term.
Alabama Movement
George for President? So the Wal
laces promise as they campaign
throughout their state, claiming that
they will expand the "Alabama Move
ment" in 1968 even to the whole coun
try.
The thought that an arch-conserva
tive inherited LBJ's Senate seat when
he became Vice-President is appalling
to Texas Democrats, but the thought
that he may win again has them quak
ing.
John Tower, '64 Goldwaterite, com
mands a curious following of Re
publicans and Democrats, conserva
tives and liberals. The most surpris
ing of the group is the liberals, but
understandably are they supporting
him. They want to defeat Tower's op
ponent State Attorney Waggoner
Carr.
Influence
The liberals reason their support
in that with Carr's defeat they can
lessen the influence of the Democratic
party as it stands now and try to
wedge their way into a position of in
fluence in an otherwise conservative
oriented party.
Tower's chances rest with the turn
out of Texans at the polls. The less
that turn out the better his chances.

Mississippi, another of the racial
oriented electorates in the South, is
curious about their Senator Eastland.
Every klanman and his wife are back
ing GOP hopeful Prestiss Walker,
Goldwater conservative, and claiming
Eastland is soft on the Administra
tion.
Eastland Squeak
White blacklash in the south is
what it might be called, but Eastland
should squeak by.
Rockefellers who run around in New
New York, and West Viginia are also
running in Arkansas, and his name
is Winthrop. Two years ago Win
almost won when he polled 43 per cent
of the vote against Governor Orvil
Faubus.

Racist Jim Johnson is GOP Rocke
feller's opponent in what will be a
close race. Once again, it looks like
Win won't be won, and Jim will win.
Florida, Oklahoma, Louisiana, and
North Carolina line up for the Demo
crats. Looks like Kentucky will send
Republican Cooper to help out GOP
leader Thruston Morton and make the
Bluegrass state's Senate representa
tion thoroughly Republican.
South Carolina, Democratic for most
everything, will pat on back Strom
Hhurmond, Republican-only-recently,
and send him back to Washington.
Tennessee will elect Democrat
Ellington to the Statehouse and its
Senate race between Republican Baker
and Democratic Clement is a toss-up.
Election year in the South is a
phenomenon peculiar to that area
alone.
Whether it is the "traditional Demo
crats" supporting Barry Goldwater, or
as it is now the Republicans crossing
over to vote for the least-likely-to-win
candidate only to find out that he
probably is the most likely, it is
uniquely Southern.
A governess for Alabama? Yes, and
perhaps by 70 per cent of the Ala
bamans Xing for Lureen. Lureen Wal
lace stand-in for husband George is
running as he is constitutionally bar
red from seeking another term.
Alabama Movement
George for President? So the Wal
laces promise as they campaign
throughout their state, claiming that
they will expand the "Alabama Move
ment" in 1968 even to the whole coun
try.
The thought that an arch-conserva
tive inherited LBJ's Senate seat when
he became Vice-President is appalling
to Texas Democrats, but the thought
that he may win again has them quak
ing.
John Tower, '64 Goldwaterite, com
mands a curious following of Re
publicans and Democrats, conserva
tives and liberals. The most surpris
ing of the group is the liberals, but
understandably are they supporting
him. They want to defeat Tower's op
ponent State Attorney Waggoner
Carr.
Influence
The liberals reason their support
in that with Carr's defeat they can
lessen the influence of the Democratic
party as it stands now and try to
wedge their way into a position of in
fluence in an otherwise conservative
oriented party.
Tower's chances rest with the turn
out of Texans at the polls. The less
that turn out the better his chances.

Mississippi, another of the racial
oriented electorates in the South, is
curious about their Senator Eastland.
Every klanman and his wife are back
ing GOP hopeful Prestiss Walker,
Goldwater conservative, and claiming
Eastland is soft on the Administra
tion.
Eastland Squeak
White blacklash in the south is
what it might be called, but Eastland
should squeak by.
Rockefellers who run around in New
New York, and West Viginia are also
running in Arkansas, and his name
is Winthrop. Two years ago Win
almost won when he polled 43 per cent
of the vote against Governor Orvil
Faubus.

Racist Jim Johnson is GOP Rocke
feller's opponent in what will be a
close race. Once again, it looks like
Win won't be won, and Jim will win.
Florida, Oklahoma, Louisiana, and
North Carolina line up for the Demo
crats. Looks like Kentucky will send
Republican Cooper to help out GOP
leader Thruston Morton and make the
Bluegrass state's Senate representa
tion thoroughly Republican.
South Carolina, Democratic for most
everything, will pat on back Strom
Hhurmond, Republican-only-recently,
and send him back to Washington.
Tennessee will elect Democrat
Ellington to the Statehouse and its
Senate race between Republican Baker
and Democratic Clement is a toss-up.
Election year in the South is a
phenomenon peculiar to that area
alone.
Whether it is the "traditional Demo
crats" supporting Barry Goldwater, or
as it is now the Republicans crossing
over to vote for the least-likely-to-win
candidate only to find out that he
probably is the most likely, it is
uniquely Southern.
A governess for Alabama? Yes, and
perhaps by 70 per cent of the Ala
bamans Xing for Lureen. Lureen Wal
lace stand-in for husband George is
running as he is constitutionally bar
red from seeking another term.
Alabama Movement
George for President? So the Wal
laces promise as they campaign
throughout their state, claiming that
they will expand the "Alabama Move
ment" in 1968 even to the whole coun
try.
The thought that an arch-conserva
tive inherited LBJ's Senate seat when
he became Vice-President is appalling
to Texas Democrats, but the thought
that he may win again has them quak
ing.
John Tower, '64 Goldwaterite, com
mands a curious following of Re
publicans and Democrats, conserva
tives and liberals. The most surpris
ing of the group is the liberals, but
understandably are they supporting
him. They want to defeat Tower's op
ponent State Attorney Waggoner
Carr.
Influence
The liberals reason their support
in that with Carr's defeat they can
lessen the influence of the Democratic
party as it stands now and try to
wedge their way into a position of in
fluence in an otherwise conservative
oriented party.
Tower's chances rest with the turn
out of Texans at the polls. The less
that turn out the better his chances.

Mississippi, another of the racial
oriented electorates in the South, is
curious about their Senator Eastland.
Every klanman and his wife are back
ing GOP hopeful Prestiss Walker,
Goldwater conservative, and claiming
Eastland is soft on the Administra
tion.
Eastland Squeak
White blacklash in the south is
what it might be called, but Eastland
should squeak by.
Rockefellers who run around in New
New York, and West Viginia are also
running in Arkansas, and his name
is Winthrop. Two years ago Win
almost won when he polled 43 per cent
of the vote against Governor Orvil
Faubus.

Racist Jim Johnson is GOP Rocke
feller's opponent in what will be a
close race. Once again, it looks like
Win won't be won, and Jim will win.
Florida, Oklahoma, Louisiana, and
North Carolina line up for the Demo
crats. Looks like Kentucky will send
Republican Cooper to help out GOP
leader Thruston Morton and make the
Bluegrass state's Senate representa
tion thoroughly Republican.
South Carolina, Democratic for most
everything, will pat on back Strom
Hhurmond, Republican-only-recently,
and send him back to Washington.
Tennessee will elect Democrat
Ellington to the Statehouse and its
Senate race between Republican Baker
and Democratic Clement is a toss-up.
Election year in the South is a
phenomenon peculiar to that area
alone.
Whether it is the "traditional Demo
crats" supporting Barry Goldwater, or
as it is now the Republicans crossing
over to vote for the least-likely-to-win
candidate only to find out that he
probably is the most likely, it is
uniquely Southern.
A governess for Alabama? Yes, and
perhaps by 70 per cent of the Ala
bamans Xing for Lureen. Lureen Wal
lace stand-in for husband George is
running as he is constitutionally bar
red from seeking another term.
Alabama Movement
George for President? So the Wal
laces promise as they campaign
throughout their state, claiming that
they will expand the "Alabama Move
ment" in 1968 even to the whole coun
try.
The thought that an arch-conserva
tive inherited LBJ's Senate seat when
he became Vice-President is appalling
to Texas Democrats, but the thought
that he may win again has them quak
ing.
John Tower, '64 Goldwaterite, com
mands a curious following of Re
publicans and Democrats, conserva
tives and liberals. The most surpris
ing of the group is the liberals, but
understandably are they supporting
him. They want to defeat Tower's op
ponent State Attorney Waggoner
Carr.
Influence
The liberals reason their support
in that with Carr's defeat they can
lessen the influence of the Democratic
party as it stands now and try to
wedge their way into a position of in
fluence in an otherwise conservative
oriented party.
Tower's chances rest with the turn
out of Texans at the polls. The less
that turn out the better his chances.

Mississippi, another of the racial
oriented electorates in the South, is
curious about their Senator Eastland.
Every klanman and his wife are back
ing GOP hopeful Prestiss Walker,
Goldwater conservative, and claiming
Eastland is soft on the Administra
tion.
Eastland Squeak
White blacklash in the south is
what it might be called, but Eastland
should squeak by.
Rockefellers who run around in New
New York, and West Viginia are also
running in Arkansas, and his name
is Winthrop. Two years ago Win
almost won when he polled 43 per cent
of the vote against Governor Orvil
Faubus.

Racist Jim Johnson is GOP Rocke
feller's opponent in what will be a
close race. Once again, it looks like
Win won't be won, and Jim will win.
Florida, Oklahoma, Louisiana, and
North Carolina line up for the Demo
crats. Looks like Kentucky will send
Republican Cooper to help out GOP
leader Thruston Morton and make the
Bluegrass state's Senate representa
tion thoroughly Republican.
South Carolina, Democratic for most
everything, will pat on back Strom
Hhurmond, Republican-only-recently,
and send him back to Washington.
Tennessee will elect Democrat
Ellington to the Statehouse and its
Senate race between Republican Baker
and Democratic Clement is a toss-up.
Election year in the South is a
phenomenon peculiar to that area
alone.
Whether it is the "traditional Demo
crats" supporting Barry Goldwater, or
as it is now the Republicans crossing
over to vote for the least-likely-to-win
candidate only to find out that he
probably is the most likely, it is
uniquely Southern.
A governess for Alabama? Yes, and
perhaps by 70 per cent of the Ala
bamans Xing for Lureen. Lureen Wal
lace stand-in for husband George is
running as he is constitutionally bar
red from seeking another term.
Alabama Movement
George for President? So the Wal
laces promise as they campaign
throughout their state, claiming that
they will expand the "Alabama Move
ment" in 1968 even to the whole coun
try.
The thought that an arch-conserva
tive inherited LBJ's Senate seat when
he became Vice-President is appalling
to Texas Democrats, but the thought
that he may win again has them quak
ing.
John Tower, '64 Goldwaterite, com
mands a curious following of Re
publicans and Democrats, conserva
tives and liberals. The most surpris
ing of the group is the liberals, but
understandably are they supporting
him. They want to defeat Tower's op
ponent State Attorney Waggoner
Carr.
Influence
The liberals reason their support
in that with Carr's defeat they can
lessen the influence of the Democratic
party as it stands now and try to
wedge their way into a position of in
fluence in an otherwise conservative
oriented party.
Tower's chances rest with the turn
out of Texans at the polls. The less
that turn out the better his chances.

Mississippi, another of the racial
oriented electorates in the South, is
curious about their Senator Eastland.
Every klanman and his wife are back
ing GOP hopeful Prestiss Walker,
Goldwater conservative, and claiming
Eastland is soft on the Administra
tion.
Eastland Squeak
White blacklash in the south is
what it might be called, but Eastland
should squeak by.
Rockefellers who run around in New
New York, and West Viginia are also
running in Arkansas, and his name
is Winthrop. Two years ago Win
almost won when he polled 43 per cent
of the vote against Governor Orvil
Faubus.

Racist Jim Johnson is GOP Rocke
feller's opponent in what will be a
close race. Once again, it looks like
Win won't be won, and Jim will win.
Florida, Oklahoma, Louisiana, and
North Carolina line up for the Demo
crats. Looks like Kentucky will send
Republican Cooper to help out GOP
leader Thruston Morton and make the
Bluegrass state's Senate representa
tion thoroughly Republican.
South Carolina, Democratic for most
everything, will pat on back Strom
Hhurmond, Republican-only-recently,
and send him back to Washington.
Tennessee will elect Democrat
Ellington to the Statehouse and its
Senate race between Republican Baker
and Democratic Clement is a toss-up.
Election year in the South is a
phenomenon peculiar to that area
alone.
Whether it is the "traditional Demo
crats" supporting Barry Goldwater, or
as it is now the Republicans crossing
over to vote for the least-likely-to-win
candidate only to find out that he
probably is the most likely, it is
uniquely Southern.
A governess for Alabama? Yes, and
perhaps by 70 per cent of the Ala
bamans Xing for Lureen. Lureen Wal
lace stand-in for husband George is
running as he is constitutionally bar
red from seeking another term.
Alabama Movement
George for President? So the Wal
laces promise as they campaign
throughout their state, claiming that
they will expand the "Alabama Move
ment" in 1968 even to the whole coun
try.
The thought that an arch-conserva
tive inherited LBJ's Senate seat when
he became Vice-President is appalling
to Texas Democrats, but the thought
that he may win again has them quak
ing.
John Tower, '64 Goldwaterite, com
mands a curious following of Re
publicans and Democrats, conserva
tives and liberals. The most surpris
ing of the group is the liberals, but
understandably are they supporting
him. They want to defeat Tower's op
ponent State Attorney Waggoner
Carr.
Influence
The liberals reason their support
in that with Carr's defeat they can
lessen the influence of the Democratic
party as it stands now and try to
wedge their way into a position of in
fluence in an otherwise conservative
oriented party.
Tower's chances rest with the turn
out of Texans at the polls. The less
that turn out the better his chances.

Mississippi, another of the racial
oriented electorates in the South, is
curious about their Senator Eastland.
Every klanman and his wife are back
ing GOP hopeful Prestiss Walker,
Goldwater conservative, and claiming
Eastland is soft on the Administra
tion.
Eastland Squeak
White blacklash in the south is
what it might be called, but Eastland
should squeak by.
Rockefellers who run around in New
New York, and West Viginia are also
running in Arkansas, and his name
is Winthrop. Two years ago Win
almost won when he polled 43 per cent
of the vote against Governor Orvil
Faubus.

Racist Jim Johnson is GOP Rocke
feller's opponent in what will be a
close race. Once again, it looks like
Win won't be won, and Jim will win.
Florida, Oklahoma, Louisiana, and
North Carolina line up for the Demo
crats. Looks like Kentucky will send
Republican Cooper to help out GOP
leader Thruston Morton and make the
Bluegrass state's Senate representa
tion thoroughly Republican.
South Carolina, Democratic for most
everything, will pat on back Strom
Hhurmond, Republican-only-recently,
and send him back to Washington.
Tennessee will elect Democrat
Ellington to the Statehouse and its
Senate race between Republican Baker
and Democratic Clement is a toss-up.
