# St. John
## 
### 

Winner of the Queen's Trophy
in Homecoming- decoration com
petition was Beta Theta Pi and
Cardenal. The award was made
in a half time presentation by
Stanford's firrft homecoming
queen Annabelle Evans. The
masterpiece is on display in
front of Beta Theta Pi.

Winner of the Queen's Trophy
in Homecoming- decoration com
petition was Beta Theta Pi and
Cardenal. The award was made
in a half time presentation by
Stanford's firrft homecoming
queen Annabelle Evans. The
masterpiece is on display in
front of Beta Theta Pi.

Winner of the Queen's Trophy
in Homecoming- decoration com
petition was Beta Theta Pi and
Cardenal. The award was made
in a half time presentation by
Stanford's firrft homecoming
queen Annabelle Evans. The
masterpiece is on display in
front of Beta Theta Pi.

Winner of the Queen's Trophy
in Homecoming- decoration com
petition was Beta Theta Pi and
Cardenal. The award was made
in a half time presentation by
Stanford's firrft homecoming
queen Annabelle Evans. The
masterpiece is on display in
front of Beta Theta Pi.

Winner of the Queen's Trophy
in Homecoming- decoration com
petition was Beta Theta Pi and
Cardenal. The award was made
in a half time presentation by
Stanford's firrft homecoming
queen Annabelle Evans. The
masterpiece is on display in
front of Beta Theta Pi.

Winner of the Queen's Trophy
in Homecoming- decoration com
petition was Beta Theta Pi and
Cardenal. The award was made
in a half time presentation by
Stanford's firrft homecoming
queen Annabelle Evans. The
masterpiece is on display in
front of Beta Theta Pi.

Winner of the Queen's Trophy
in Homecoming- decoration com
petition was Beta Theta Pi and
Cardenal. The award was made
in a half time presentation by
Stanford's firrft homecoming
queen Annabelle Evans. The
masterpiece is on display in
front of Beta Theta Pi.

Winner of the Queen's Trophy
in Homecoming- decoration com
petition was Beta Theta Pi and
Cardenal. The award was made
in a half time presentation by
Stanford's firrft homecoming
queen Annabelle Evans. The
masterpiece is on display in
front of Beta Theta Pi.

Winner of the Queen's Trophy
in Homecoming- decoration com
petition was Beta Theta Pi and
Cardenal. The award was made
in a half time presentation by
Stanford's firrft homecoming
queen Annabelle Evans. The
masterpiece is on display in
front of Beta Theta Pi.

Winner of the Queen's Trophy
in Homecoming- decoration com
petition was Beta Theta Pi and
Cardenal. The award was made
in a half time presentation by
Stanford's firrft homecoming
queen Annabelle Evans. The
masterpiece is on display in
front of Beta Theta Pi.

Winner of the Queen's Trophy
in Homecoming- decoration com
petition was Beta Theta Pi and
Cardenal. The award was made
in a half time presentation by
Stanford's firrft homecoming
queen Annabelle Evans. The
masterpiece is on display in
front of Beta Theta Pi.

Winner of the Queen's Trophy
in Homecoming- decoration com
petition was Beta Theta Pi and
Cardenal. The award was made
in a half time presentation by
Stanford's firrft homecoming
queen Annabelle Evans. The
masterpiece is on display in
front of Beta Theta Pi.

Winner of the Queen's Trophy
in Homecoming- decoration com
petition was Beta Theta Pi and
Cardenal. The award was made
in a half time presentation by
Stanford's firrft homecoming
queen Annabelle Evans. The
masterpiece is on display in
front of Beta Theta Pi.

Winner of the Queen's Trophy
in Homecoming- decoration com
petition was Beta Theta Pi and
Cardenal. The award was made
in a half time presentation by
Stanford's firrft homecoming
queen Annabelle Evans. The
masterpiece is on display in
front of Beta Theta Pi.

Winner of the Queen's Trophy
in Homecoming- decoration com
petition was Beta Theta Pi and
Cardenal. The award was made
in a half time presentation by
Stanford's firrft homecoming
queen Annabelle Evans. The
masterpiece is on display in
front of Beta Theta Pi.
