# Dig Ditches for New Track.
## 
### 
In response to Manager Sales' call,
about twenty men, in one-hour shifts,
worked on the new track all after
noon, digging ditches and wetting
down the track.
In response to Manager Sales' call,
about twenty men, in one-hour shifts,
worked on the new track all after
noon, digging ditches and wetting
down the track.
In response to Manager Sales' call,
about twenty men, in one-hour shifts,
worked on the new track all after
noon, digging ditches and wetting
down the track.
In response to Manager Sales' call,
about twenty men, in one-hour shifts,
worked on the new track all after
noon, digging ditches and wetting
down the track.
In response to Manager Sales' call,
about twenty men, in one-hour shifts,
worked on the new track all after
noon, digging ditches and wetting
down the track.
In response to Manager Sales' call,
about twenty men, in one-hour shifts,
worked on the new track all after
noon, digging ditches and wetting
down the track.
In response to Manager Sales' call,
about twenty men, in one-hour shifts,
worked on the new track all after
noon, digging ditches and wetting
down the track.
In response to Manager Sales' call,
about twenty men, in one-hour shifts,
worked on the new track all after
noon, digging ditches and wetting
down the track.
In response to Manager Sales' call,
about twenty men, in one-hour shifts,
worked on the new track all after
noon, digging ditches and wetting
down the track.
