# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is apparent from the number and
frequency of the complaints to be
heard that there is a system of
wholesale petty thievery in operation
about the campus, the particular ob
ject of the depredations in this case
being bicycles. Hardly a semester
goes by without the occurrence of
some such theft being reported, yet
it seems almost impossible in each
instance to locate the offenders. We
presume that the crimes are being
committed by persons not connected
with the University, who, judging by
the character of their offenses, arc
carrying on a remunerative business
disposing of bicycles, and often of
merely parts of bicycles. The discov
ery of the thief should be diligently
sought for, and drastic action dealt
out to him.
It is apparent from the number and
frequency of the complaints to be
heard that there is a system of
wholesale petty thievery in operation
about the campus, the particular ob
ject of the depredations in this case
being bicycles. Hardly a semester
goes by without the occurrence of
some such theft being reported, yet
it seems almost impossible in each
instance to locate the offenders. We
presume that the crimes are being
committed by persons not connected
with the University, who, judging by
the character of their offenses, arc
carrying on a remunerative business
disposing of bicycles, and often of
merely parts of bicycles. The discov
ery of the thief should be diligently
sought for, and drastic action dealt
out to him.
It is apparent from the number and
frequency of the complaints to be
heard that there is a system of
wholesale petty thievery in operation
about the campus, the particular ob
ject of the depredations in this case
being bicycles. Hardly a semester
goes by without the occurrence of
some such theft being reported, yet
it seems almost impossible in each
instance to locate the offenders. We
presume that the crimes are being
committed by persons not connected
with the University, who, judging by
the character of their offenses, arc
carrying on a remunerative business
disposing of bicycles, and often of
merely parts of bicycles. The discov
ery of the thief should be diligently
sought for, and drastic action dealt
out to him.
It is apparent from the number and
frequency of the complaints to be
heard that there is a system of
wholesale petty thievery in operation
about the campus, the particular ob
ject of the depredations in this case
being bicycles. Hardly a semester
goes by without the occurrence of
some such theft being reported, yet
it seems almost impossible in each
instance to locate the offenders. We
presume that the crimes are being
committed by persons not connected
with the University, who, judging by
the character of their offenses, arc
carrying on a remunerative business
disposing of bicycles, and often of
merely parts of bicycles. The discov
ery of the thief should be diligently
sought for, and drastic action dealt
out to him.
It is apparent from the number and
frequency of the complaints to be
heard that there is a system of
wholesale petty thievery in operation
about the campus, the particular ob
ject of the depredations in this case
being bicycles. Hardly a semester
goes by without the occurrence of
some such theft being reported, yet
it seems almost impossible in each
instance to locate the offenders. We
presume that the crimes are being
committed by persons not connected
with the University, who, judging by
the character of their offenses, arc
carrying on a remunerative business
disposing of bicycles, and often of
merely parts of bicycles. The discov
ery of the thief should be diligently
sought for, and drastic action dealt
out to him.
It is apparent from the number and
frequency of the complaints to be
heard that there is a system of
wholesale petty thievery in operation
about the campus, the particular ob
ject of the depredations in this case
being bicycles. Hardly a semester
goes by without the occurrence of
some such theft being reported, yet
it seems almost impossible in each
instance to locate the offenders. We
presume that the crimes are being
committed by persons not connected
with the University, who, judging by
the character of their offenses, arc
carrying on a remunerative business
disposing of bicycles, and often of
merely parts of bicycles. The discov
ery of the thief should be diligently
sought for, and drastic action dealt
out to him.
It is apparent from the number and
frequency of the complaints to be
heard that there is a system of
wholesale petty thievery in operation
about the campus, the particular ob
ject of the depredations in this case
being bicycles. Hardly a semester
goes by without the occurrence of
some such theft being reported, yet
it seems almost impossible in each
instance to locate the offenders. We
presume that the crimes are being
committed by persons not connected
with the University, who, judging by
the character of their offenses, arc
carrying on a remunerative business
disposing of bicycles, and often of
merely parts of bicycles. The discov
ery of the thief should be diligently
sought for, and drastic action dealt
out to him.
It is apparent from the number and
frequency of the complaints to be
heard that there is a system of
wholesale petty thievery in operation
about the campus, the particular ob
ject of the depredations in this case
being bicycles. Hardly a semester
goes by without the occurrence of
some such theft being reported, yet
it seems almost impossible in each
instance to locate the offenders. We
presume that the crimes are being
committed by persons not connected
with the University, who, judging by
the character of their offenses, arc
carrying on a remunerative business
disposing of bicycles, and often of
merely parts of bicycles. The discov
ery of the thief should be diligently
sought for, and drastic action dealt
out to him.
It is apparent from the number and
frequency of the complaints to be
heard that there is a system of
wholesale petty thievery in operation
about the campus, the particular ob
ject of the depredations in this case
being bicycles. Hardly a semester
goes by without the occurrence of
some such theft being reported, yet
it seems almost impossible in each
instance to locate the offenders. We
presume that the crimes are being
committed by persons not connected
with the University, who, judging by
the character of their offenses, arc
carrying on a remunerative business
disposing of bicycles, and often of
merely parts of bicycles. The discov
ery of the thief should be diligently
sought for, and drastic action dealt
out to him.
