# Murray To Speak at Vesper Service.
## 
### 
Prof. A. T. Murray will deliver an
address at the vesper service to he
held on Thursday evening at seven
in the chapel.
Prof. A. T. Murray will deliver an
address at the vesper service to he
held on Thursday evening at seven
in the chapel.
Prof. A. T. Murray will deliver an
address at the vesper service to he
held on Thursday evening at seven
in the chapel.
Prof. A. T. Murray will deliver an
address at the vesper service to he
held on Thursday evening at seven
in the chapel.
Prof. A. T. Murray will deliver an
address at the vesper service to he
held on Thursday evening at seven
in the chapel.
Prof. A. T. Murray will deliver an
address at the vesper service to he
held on Thursday evening at seven
in the chapel.
Prof. A. T. Murray will deliver an
address at the vesper service to he
held on Thursday evening at seven
in the chapel.
Prof. A. T. Murray will deliver an
address at the vesper service to he
held on Thursday evening at seven
in the chapel.
Prof. A. T. Murray will deliver an
address at the vesper service to he
held on Thursday evening at seven
in the chapel.
