# SIGMA KAPPA PLEDGE
## 
### 
Sigma Kappa announces the pledg
ing of Isabell Warren.

Six New York street cleaners were
killed and more than two thousand
were injured while at work last
year.
Sigma Kappa announces the pledg
ing of Isabell Warren.

Six New York street cleaners were
killed and more than two thousand
were injured while at work last
year.
Sigma Kappa announces the pledg
ing of Isabell Warren.

Six New York street cleaners were
killed and more than two thousand
were injured while at work last
year.
Sigma Kappa announces the pledg
ing of Isabell Warren.

Six New York street cleaners were
killed and more than two thousand
were injured while at work last
year.
Sigma Kappa announces the pledg
ing of Isabell Warren.

Six New York street cleaners were
killed and more than two thousand
were injured while at work last
year.
Sigma Kappa announces the pledg
ing of Isabell Warren.

Six New York street cleaners were
killed and more than two thousand
were injured while at work last
year.
Sigma Kappa announces the pledg
ing of Isabell Warren.

Six New York street cleaners were
killed and more than two thousand
were injured while at work last
year.
Sigma Kappa announces the pledg
ing of Isabell Warren.

Six New York street cleaners were
killed and more than two thousand
were injured while at work last
year.
Sigma Kappa announces the pledg
ing of Isabell Warren.

Six New York street cleaners were
killed and more than two thousand
were injured while at work last
year.
Sigma Kappa announces the pledg
ing of Isabell Warren.

Six New York street cleaners were
killed and more than two thousand
were injured while at work last
year.
Sigma Kappa announces the pledg
ing of Isabell Warren.

Six New York street cleaners were
killed and more than two thousand
were injured while at work last
year.
Sigma Kappa announces the pledg
ing of Isabell Warren.

Six New York street cleaners were
killed and more than two thousand
were injured while at work last
year.
Sigma Kappa announces the pledg
ing of Isabell Warren.

Six New York street cleaners were
killed and more than two thousand
were injured while at work last
year.
Sigma Kappa announces the pledg
ing of Isabell Warren.

Six New York street cleaners were
killed and more than two thousand
were injured while at work last
year.
Sigma Kappa announces the pledg
ing of Isabell Warren.

Six New York street cleaners were
killed and more than two thousand
were injured while at work last
year.
Sigma Kappa announces the pledg
ing of Isabell Warren.

Six New York street cleaners were
killed and more than two thousand
were injured while at work last
year.
