# DR. CLYDE A. DUNIWAY
## 
### 

Former University of Montana head,
Dr. Duniway is now professor of his
tory at Carleton College. He will be
at Stanford this summer.

Former University of Montana head,
Dr. Duniway is now professor of his
tory at Carleton College. He will be
at Stanford this summer.

Former University of Montana head,
Dr. Duniway is now professor of his
tory at Carleton College. He will be
at Stanford this summer.

Former University of Montana head,
Dr. Duniway is now professor of his
tory at Carleton College. He will be
at Stanford this summer.

Former University of Montana head,
Dr. Duniway is now professor of his
tory at Carleton College. He will be
at Stanford this summer.

Former University of Montana head,
Dr. Duniway is now professor of his
tory at Carleton College. He will be
at Stanford this summer.

Former University of Montana head,
Dr. Duniway is now professor of his
tory at Carleton College. He will be
at Stanford this summer.

Former University of Montana head,
Dr. Duniway is now professor of his
tory at Carleton College. He will be
at Stanford this summer.

Former University of Montana head,
Dr. Duniway is now professor of his
tory at Carleton College. He will be
at Stanford this summer.

Former University of Montana head,
Dr. Duniway is now professor of his
tory at Carleton College. He will be
at Stanford this summer.

Former University of Montana head,
Dr. Duniway is now professor of his
tory at Carleton College. He will be
at Stanford this summer.

Former University of Montana head,
Dr. Duniway is now professor of his
tory at Carleton College. He will be
at Stanford this summer.

Former University of Montana head,
Dr. Duniway is now professor of his
tory at Carleton College. He will be
at Stanford this summer.

Former University of Montana head,
Dr. Duniway is now professor of his
tory at Carleton College. He will be
at Stanford this summer.

Former University of Montana head,
Dr. Duniway is now professor of his
tory at Carleton College. He will be
at Stanford this summer.

Former University of Montana head,
Dr. Duniway is now professor of his
tory at Carleton College. He will be
at Stanford this summer.
