# BELGIAN PSYCHOLOGIST TO BE ON STANFORD'S EXTRA SESSION STAFF
## 
### 
Stanford's department of psychology
will liave an outstanding Belgian pro
tensor on its summer quarter staff,
Ur. Albert Eduard Michotte of the Uni
versity of Louvain, Belgium.
Michotte has come to America as
lecturer for the C.R.B. Educational
Foundation for 1929. He will give
courses in general psychology and in
advanced human psychology at Stan
lord.
Receiving his degree of doctor of
philosophy from the University of
Louvain in 1900, Michotte became as
sociated with that University as a
member of the faculty a few years
later and since 1908 has been profes
sor of psychology and director of the

psychological laboratory there.
An author as well as a teacher,
Mlchotte has published two recognized
volumes on psychological subjects and
is the editor of "Studies of Psycho
logy."
Two other important visiting men
in the psychology department are Dr.
Robert Redfleld of the University of
Chicago, who is at present assistant
professor of anthropology at the Uni
versity of Chicago, and Ilobert
Holmes Seashore. During 1926-28 Sea
shore was at Stanford as National lie
search Council Fellow and has since
been teaching at the University of
Oregon.
Dr. L. M. Terman will be on duty
throughout the summer as will Pro
fessor Maud A. Merrill of the regular
faculty staff.

PATRONIZE DAILY ADVERTISERS
Stanford's department of psychology
will liave an outstanding Belgian pro
tensor on its summer quarter staff,
Ur. Albert Eduard Michotte of the Uni
versity of Louvain, Belgium.
Michotte has come to America as
lecturer for the C.R.B. Educational
Foundation for 1929. He will give
courses in general psychology and in
advanced human psychology at Stan
lord.
Receiving his degree of doctor of
philosophy from the University of
Louvain in 1900, Michotte became as
sociated with that University as a
member of the faculty a few years
later and since 1908 has been profes
sor of psychology and director of the

psychological laboratory there.
An author as well as a teacher,
Mlchotte has published two recognized
volumes on psychological subjects and
is the editor of "Studies of Psycho
logy."
Two other important visiting men
in the psychology department are Dr.
Robert Redfleld of the University of
Chicago, who is at present assistant
professor of anthropology at the Uni
versity of Chicago, and Ilobert
Holmes Seashore. During 1926-28 Sea
shore was at Stanford as National lie
search Council Fellow and has since
been teaching at the University of
Oregon.
Dr. L. M. Terman will be on duty
throughout the summer as will Pro
fessor Maud A. Merrill of the regular
faculty staff.

PATRONIZE DAILY ADVERTISERS
Stanford's department of psychology
will liave an outstanding Belgian pro
tensor on its summer quarter staff,
Ur. Albert Eduard Michotte of the Uni
versity of Louvain, Belgium.
Michotte has come to America as
lecturer for the C.R.B. Educational
Foundation for 1929. He will give
courses in general psychology and in
advanced human psychology at Stan
lord.
Receiving his degree of doctor of
philosophy from the University of
Louvain in 1900, Michotte became as
sociated with that University as a
member of the faculty a few years
later and since 1908 has been profes
sor of psychology and director of the

psychological laboratory there.
An author as well as a teacher,
Mlchotte has published two recognized
volumes on psychological subjects and
is the editor of "Studies of Psycho
logy."
Two other important visiting men
in the psychology department are Dr.
Robert Redfleld of the University of
Chicago, who is at present assistant
professor of anthropology at the Uni
versity of Chicago, and Ilobert
Holmes Seashore. During 1926-28 Sea
shore was at Stanford as National lie
search Council Fellow and has since
been teaching at the University of
Oregon.
Dr. L. M. Terman will be on duty
throughout the summer as will Pro
fessor Maud A. Merrill of the regular
faculty staff.

PATRONIZE DAILY ADVERTISERS
Stanford's department of psychology
will liave an outstanding Belgian pro
tensor on its summer quarter staff,
Ur. Albert Eduard Michotte of the Uni
versity of Louvain, Belgium.
Michotte has come to America as
lecturer for the C.R.B. Educational
Foundation for 1929. He will give
courses in general psychology and in
advanced human psychology at Stan
lord.
Receiving his degree of doctor of
philosophy from the University of
Louvain in 1900, Michotte became as
sociated with that University as a
member of the faculty a few years
later and since 1908 has been profes
sor of psychology and director of the

psychological laboratory there.
An author as well as a teacher,
Mlchotte has published two recognized
volumes on psychological subjects and
is the editor of "Studies of Psycho
logy."
Two other important visiting men
in the psychology department are Dr.
Robert Redfleld of the University of
Chicago, who is at present assistant
professor of anthropology at the Uni
versity of Chicago, and Ilobert
Holmes Seashore. During 1926-28 Sea
shore was at Stanford as National lie
search Council Fellow and has since
been teaching at the University of
Oregon.
Dr. L. M. Terman will be on duty
throughout the summer as will Pro
fessor Maud A. Merrill of the regular
faculty staff.

PATRONIZE DAILY ADVERTISERS
Stanford's department of psychology
will liave an outstanding Belgian pro
tensor on its summer quarter staff,
Ur. Albert Eduard Michotte of the Uni
versity of Louvain, Belgium.
Michotte has come to America as
lecturer for the C.R.B. Educational
Foundation for 1929. He will give
courses in general psychology and in
advanced human psychology at Stan
lord.
Receiving his degree of doctor of
philosophy from the University of
Louvain in 1900, Michotte became as
sociated with that University as a
member of the faculty a few years
later and since 1908 has been profes
sor of psychology and director of the

psychological laboratory there.
An author as well as a teacher,
Mlchotte has published two recognized
volumes on psychological subjects and
is the editor of "Studies of Psycho
logy."
Two other important visiting men
in the psychology department are Dr.
Robert Redfleld of the University of
Chicago, who is at present assistant
professor of anthropology at the Uni
versity of Chicago, and Ilobert
Holmes Seashore. During 1926-28 Sea
shore was at Stanford as National lie
search Council Fellow and has since
been teaching at the University of
Oregon.
Dr. L. M. Terman will be on duty
throughout the summer as will Pro
fessor Maud A. Merrill of the regular
faculty staff.

PATRONIZE DAILY ADVERTISERS
Stanford's department of psychology
will liave an outstanding Belgian pro
tensor on its summer quarter staff,
Ur. Albert Eduard Michotte of the Uni
versity of Louvain, Belgium.
Michotte has come to America as
lecturer for the C.R.B. Educational
Foundation for 1929. He will give
courses in general psychology and in
advanced human psychology at Stan
lord.
Receiving his degree of doctor of
philosophy from the University of
Louvain in 1900, Michotte became as
sociated with that University as a
member of the faculty a few years
later and since 1908 has been profes
sor of psychology and director of the

psychological laboratory there.
An author as well as a teacher,
Mlchotte has published two recognized
volumes on psychological subjects and
is the editor of "Studies of Psycho
logy."
Two other important visiting men
in the psychology department are Dr.
Robert Redfleld of the University of
Chicago, who is at present assistant
professor of anthropology at the Uni
versity of Chicago, and Ilobert
Holmes Seashore. During 1926-28 Sea
shore was at Stanford as National lie
search Council Fellow and has since
been teaching at the University of
Oregon.
Dr. L. M. Terman will be on duty
throughout the summer as will Pro
fessor Maud A. Merrill of the regular
faculty staff.

PATRONIZE DAILY ADVERTISERS
Stanford's department of psychology
will liave an outstanding Belgian pro
tensor on its summer quarter staff,
Ur. Albert Eduard Michotte of the Uni
versity of Louvain, Belgium.
Michotte has come to America as
lecturer for the C.R.B. Educational
Foundation for 1929. He will give
courses in general psychology and in
advanced human psychology at Stan
lord.
Receiving his degree of doctor of
philosophy from the University of
Louvain in 1900, Michotte became as
sociated with that University as a
member of the faculty a few years
later and since 1908 has been profes
sor of psychology and director of the

psychological laboratory there.
An author as well as a teacher,
Mlchotte has published two recognized
volumes on psychological subjects and
is the editor of "Studies of Psycho
logy."
Two other important visiting men
in the psychology department are Dr.
Robert Redfleld of the University of
Chicago, who is at present assistant
professor of anthropology at the Uni
versity of Chicago, and Ilobert
Holmes Seashore. During 1926-28 Sea
shore was at Stanford as National lie
search Council Fellow and has since
been teaching at the University of
Oregon.
Dr. L. M. Terman will be on duty
throughout the summer as will Pro
fessor Maud A. Merrill of the regular
faculty staff.

PATRONIZE DAILY ADVERTISERS
Stanford's department of psychology
will liave an outstanding Belgian pro
tensor on its summer quarter staff,
Ur. Albert Eduard Michotte of the Uni
versity of Louvain, Belgium.
Michotte has come to America as
lecturer for the C.R.B. Educational
Foundation for 1929. He will give
courses in general psychology and in
advanced human psychology at Stan
lord.
Receiving his degree of doctor of
philosophy from the University of
Louvain in 1900, Michotte became as
sociated with that University as a
member of the faculty a few years
later and since 1908 has been profes
sor of psychology and director of the

psychological laboratory there.
An author as well as a teacher,
Mlchotte has published two recognized
volumes on psychological subjects and
is the editor of "Studies of Psycho
logy."
Two other important visiting men
in the psychology department are Dr.
Robert Redfleld of the University of
Chicago, who is at present assistant
professor of anthropology at the Uni
versity of Chicago, and Ilobert
Holmes Seashore. During 1926-28 Sea
shore was at Stanford as National lie
search Council Fellow and has since
been teaching at the University of
Oregon.
Dr. L. M. Terman will be on duty
throughout the summer as will Pro
fessor Maud A. Merrill of the regular
faculty staff.

PATRONIZE DAILY ADVERTISERS
Stanford's department of psychology
will liave an outstanding Belgian pro
tensor on its summer quarter staff,
Ur. Albert Eduard Michotte of the Uni
versity of Louvain, Belgium.
Michotte has come to America as
lecturer for the C.R.B. Educational
Foundation for 1929. He will give
courses in general psychology and in
advanced human psychology at Stan
lord.
Receiving his degree of doctor of
philosophy from the University of
Louvain in 1900, Michotte became as
sociated with that University as a
member of the faculty a few years
later and since 1908 has been profes
sor of psychology and director of the

psychological laboratory there.
An author as well as a teacher,
Mlchotte has published two recognized
volumes on psychological subjects and
is the editor of "Studies of Psycho
logy."
Two other important visiting men
in the psychology department are Dr.
Robert Redfleld of the University of
Chicago, who is at present assistant
professor of anthropology at the Uni
versity of Chicago, and Ilobert
Holmes Seashore. During 1926-28 Sea
shore was at Stanford as National lie
search Council Fellow and has since
been teaching at the University of
Oregon.
Dr. L. M. Terman will be on duty
throughout the summer as will Pro
fessor Maud A. Merrill of the regular
faculty staff.

PATRONIZE DAILY ADVERTISERS
Stanford's department of psychology
will liave an outstanding Belgian pro
tensor on its summer quarter staff,
Ur. Albert Eduard Michotte of the Uni
versity of Louvain, Belgium.
Michotte has come to America as
lecturer for the C.R.B. Educational
Foundation for 1929. He will give
courses in general psychology and in
advanced human psychology at Stan
lord.
Receiving his degree of doctor of
philosophy from the University of
Louvain in 1900, Michotte became as
sociated with that University as a
member of the faculty a few years
later and since 1908 has been profes
sor of psychology and director of the

psychological laboratory there.
An author as well as a teacher,
Mlchotte has published two recognized
volumes on psychological subjects and
is the editor of "Studies of Psycho
logy."
Two other important visiting men
in the psychology department are Dr.
Robert Redfleld of the University of
Chicago, who is at present assistant
professor of anthropology at the Uni
versity of Chicago, and Ilobert
Holmes Seashore. During 1926-28 Sea
shore was at Stanford as National lie
search Council Fellow and has since
been teaching at the University of
Oregon.
Dr. L. M. Terman will be on duty
throughout the summer as will Pro
fessor Maud A. Merrill of the regular
faculty staff.

PATRONIZE DAILY ADVERTISERS
Stanford's department of psychology
will liave an outstanding Belgian pro
tensor on its summer quarter staff,
Ur. Albert Eduard Michotte of the Uni
versity of Louvain, Belgium.
Michotte has come to America as
lecturer for the C.R.B. Educational
Foundation for 1929. He will give
courses in general psychology and in
advanced human psychology at Stan
lord.
Receiving his degree of doctor of
philosophy from the University of
Louvain in 1900, Michotte became as
sociated with that University as a
member of the faculty a few years
later and since 1908 has been profes
sor of psychology and director of the

psychological laboratory there.
An author as well as a teacher,
Mlchotte has published two recognized
volumes on psychological subjects and
is the editor of "Studies of Psycho
logy."
Two other important visiting men
in the psychology department are Dr.
Robert Redfleld of the University of
Chicago, who is at present assistant
professor of anthropology at the Uni
versity of Chicago, and Ilobert
Holmes Seashore. During 1926-28 Sea
shore was at Stanford as National lie
search Council Fellow and has since
been teaching at the University of
Oregon.
Dr. L. M. Terman will be on duty
throughout the summer as will Pro
fessor Maud A. Merrill of the regular
faculty staff.

PATRONIZE DAILY ADVERTISERS
Stanford's department of psychology
will liave an outstanding Belgian pro
tensor on its summer quarter staff,
Ur. Albert Eduard Michotte of the Uni
versity of Louvain, Belgium.
Michotte has come to America as
lecturer for the C.R.B. Educational
Foundation for 1929. He will give
courses in general psychology and in
advanced human psychology at Stan
lord.
Receiving his degree of doctor of
philosophy from the University of
Louvain in 1900, Michotte became as
sociated with that University as a
member of the faculty a few years
later and since 1908 has been profes
sor of psychology and director of the

psychological laboratory there.
An author as well as a teacher,
Mlchotte has published two recognized
volumes on psychological subjects and
is the editor of "Studies of Psycho
logy."
Two other important visiting men
in the psychology department are Dr.
Robert Redfleld of the University of
Chicago, who is at present assistant
professor of anthropology at the Uni
versity of Chicago, and Ilobert
Holmes Seashore. During 1926-28 Sea
shore was at Stanford as National lie
search Council Fellow and has since
been teaching at the University of
Oregon.
Dr. L. M. Terman will be on duty
throughout the summer as will Pro
fessor Maud A. Merrill of the regular
faculty staff.

PATRONIZE DAILY ADVERTISERS
Stanford's department of psychology
will liave an outstanding Belgian pro
tensor on its summer quarter staff,
Ur. Albert Eduard Michotte of the Uni
versity of Louvain, Belgium.
Michotte has come to America as
lecturer for the C.R.B. Educational
Foundation for 1929. He will give
courses in general psychology and in
advanced human psychology at Stan
lord.
Receiving his degree of doctor of
philosophy from the University of
Louvain in 1900, Michotte became as
sociated with that University as a
member of the faculty a few years
later and since 1908 has been profes
sor of psychology and director of the

psychological laboratory there.
An author as well as a teacher,
Mlchotte has published two recognized
volumes on psychological subjects and
is the editor of "Studies of Psycho
logy."
Two other important visiting men
in the psychology department are Dr.
Robert Redfleld of the University of
Chicago, who is at present assistant
professor of anthropology at the Uni
versity of Chicago, and Ilobert
Holmes Seashore. During 1926-28 Sea
shore was at Stanford as National lie
search Council Fellow and has since
been teaching at the University of
Oregon.
Dr. L. M. Terman will be on duty
throughout the summer as will Pro
fessor Maud A. Merrill of the regular
faculty staff.

PATRONIZE DAILY ADVERTISERS
Stanford's department of psychology
will liave an outstanding Belgian pro
tensor on its summer quarter staff,
Ur. Albert Eduard Michotte of the Uni
versity of Louvain, Belgium.
Michotte has come to America as
lecturer for the C.R.B. Educational
Foundation for 1929. He will give
courses in general psychology and in
advanced human psychology at Stan
lord.
Receiving his degree of doctor of
philosophy from the University of
Louvain in 1900, Michotte became as
sociated with that University as a
member of the faculty a few years
later and since 1908 has been profes
sor of psychology and director of the

psychological laboratory there.
An author as well as a teacher,
Mlchotte has published two recognized
volumes on psychological subjects and
is the editor of "Studies of Psycho
logy."
Two other important visiting men
in the psychology department are Dr.
Robert Redfleld of the University of
Chicago, who is at present assistant
professor of anthropology at the Uni
versity of Chicago, and Ilobert
Holmes Seashore. During 1926-28 Sea
shore was at Stanford as National lie
search Council Fellow and has since
been teaching at the University of
Oregon.
Dr. L. M. Terman will be on duty
throughout the summer as will Pro
fessor Maud A. Merrill of the regular
faculty staff.

PATRONIZE DAILY ADVERTISERS
Stanford's department of psychology
will liave an outstanding Belgian pro
tensor on its summer quarter staff,
Ur. Albert Eduard Michotte of the Uni
versity of Louvain, Belgium.
Michotte has come to America as
lecturer for the C.R.B. Educational
Foundation for 1929. He will give
courses in general psychology and in
advanced human psychology at Stan
lord.
Receiving his degree of doctor of
philosophy from the University of
Louvain in 1900, Michotte became as
sociated with that University as a
member of the faculty a few years
later and since 1908 has been profes
sor of psychology and director of the

psychological laboratory there.
An author as well as a teacher,
Mlchotte has published two recognized
volumes on psychological subjects and
is the editor of "Studies of Psycho
logy."
Two other important visiting men
in the psychology department are Dr.
Robert Redfleld of the University of
Chicago, who is at present assistant
professor of anthropology at the Uni
versity of Chicago, and Ilobert
Holmes Seashore. During 1926-28 Sea
shore was at Stanford as National lie
search Council Fellow and has since
been teaching at the University of
Oregon.
Dr. L. M. Terman will be on duty
throughout the summer as will Pro
fessor Maud A. Merrill of the regular
faculty staff.

PATRONIZE DAILY ADVERTISERS
Stanford's department of psychology
will liave an outstanding Belgian pro
tensor on its summer quarter staff,
Ur. Albert Eduard Michotte of the Uni
versity of Louvain, Belgium.
Michotte has come to America as
lecturer for the C.R.B. Educational
Foundation for 1929. He will give
courses in general psychology and in
advanced human psychology at Stan
lord.
Receiving his degree of doctor of
philosophy from the University of
Louvain in 1900, Michotte became as
sociated with that University as a
member of the faculty a few years
later and since 1908 has been profes
sor of psychology and director of the

psychological laboratory there.
An author as well as a teacher,
Mlchotte has published two recognized
volumes on psychological subjects and
is the editor of "Studies of Psycho
logy."
Two other important visiting men
in the psychology department are Dr.
Robert Redfleld of the University of
Chicago, who is at present assistant
professor of anthropology at the Uni
versity of Chicago, and Ilobert
Holmes Seashore. During 1926-28 Sea
shore was at Stanford as National lie
search Council Fellow and has since
been teaching at the University of
Oregon.
Dr. L. M. Terman will be on duty
throughout the summer as will Pro
fessor Maud A. Merrill of the regular
faculty staff.

PATRONIZE DAILY ADVERTISERS
