# English Staff To Include H. Larsen, E. C. Knowlton
## 
### 
Important visiting professors who
are to teach in the English depart
ment at Stanford this summer are Dr.
Henning Larsen and Dr. Edgar Colby
Krowlton. Dr. Larsen comes from the
University of lowa, and Dr. Knowlton
is a member of the faculty at Ohio
Wesleyan.
Receiving his A.B. at Luther College,
Larsen was granted his Ph.D. at
Princeton. He was a Graduate Scholar
in English at the University of lowa
and a Scholar of the American Scan
dinavian Foundation for Study in Nor
way. In 1913-14 he was a University
Fellow at Princeton. Since 1915 Lar
sen has been on the faculty at the
University of lowa.
Knowlton Is a Harvard graduate
and received his Ph.D. at Harvard
also. He has taught English at Lafay
ette, Illinois, and Ohio Wesleyan,
where he has been since 1921.
Both Larsen and Knowlton will give
advanced and graduate courses in
English. Four Lower Division courses
are to be offered in the department
this summer in addition to numerous
advanced and graduate courses.
Members of the regular faculty who
will teach at Stanford during the sum
mer are Professors W. D. Briggs, H.
D. Gray, Albert L. Guerard, Howard
Judson Hall, Frances T. Russell.
