# Applications For Fourth Quarter To Be Made Now
## 
### 
Application for rooms on the Cam
pus for the Summer quarter should be
made at the offices of the Dean of
Men and the Dean of Women. Toyon
Hall, the Union, and Itoble will be
open to summer quarter students, and
in addition, several fraternity and
sorority houses will maintain summer
tables.
A list of rooming places for the
summer term will be available at the
Summer Quarter office in the Admin
istration Building after May 15.
Application for rooms on the Cam
pus for the Summer quarter should be
made at the offices of the Dean of
Men and the Dean of Women. Toyon
Hall, the Union, and Itoble will be
open to summer quarter students, and
in addition, several fraternity and
sorority houses will maintain summer
tables.
A list of rooming places for the
summer term will be available at the
Summer Quarter office in the Admin
istration Building after May 15.
Application for rooms on the Cam
pus for the Summer quarter should be
made at the offices of the Dean of
Men and the Dean of Women. Toyon
Hall, the Union, and Itoble will be
open to summer quarter students, and
in addition, several fraternity and
sorority houses will maintain summer
tables.
A list of rooming places for the
summer term will be available at the
Summer Quarter office in the Admin
istration Building after May 15.
Application for rooms on the Cam
pus for the Summer quarter should be
made at the offices of the Dean of
Men and the Dean of Women. Toyon
Hall, the Union, and Itoble will be
open to summer quarter students, and
in addition, several fraternity and
sorority houses will maintain summer
tables.
A list of rooming places for the
summer term will be available at the
Summer Quarter office in the Admin
istration Building after May 15.
Application for rooms on the Cam
pus for the Summer quarter should be
made at the offices of the Dean of
Men and the Dean of Women. Toyon
Hall, the Union, and Itoble will be
open to summer quarter students, and
in addition, several fraternity and
sorority houses will maintain summer
tables.
A list of rooming places for the
summer term will be available at the
Summer Quarter office in the Admin
istration Building after May 15.
Application for rooms on the Cam
pus for the Summer quarter should be
made at the offices of the Dean of
Men and the Dean of Women. Toyon
Hall, the Union, and Itoble will be
open to summer quarter students, and
in addition, several fraternity and
sorority houses will maintain summer
tables.
A list of rooming places for the
summer term will be available at the
Summer Quarter office in the Admin
istration Building after May 15.
Application for rooms on the Cam
pus for the Summer quarter should be
made at the offices of the Dean of
Men and the Dean of Women. Toyon
Hall, the Union, and Itoble will be
open to summer quarter students, and
in addition, several fraternity and
sorority houses will maintain summer
tables.
A list of rooming places for the
summer term will be available at the
Summer Quarter office in the Admin
istration Building after May 15.
Application for rooms on the Cam
pus for the Summer quarter should be
made at the offices of the Dean of
Men and the Dean of Women. Toyon
Hall, the Union, and Itoble will be
open to summer quarter students, and
in addition, several fraternity and
sorority houses will maintain summer
tables.
A list of rooming places for the
summer term will be available at the
Summer Quarter office in the Admin
istration Building after May 15.
Application for rooms on the Cam
pus for the Summer quarter should be
made at the offices of the Dean of
Men and the Dean of Women. Toyon
Hall, the Union, and Itoble will be
open to summer quarter students, and
in addition, several fraternity and
sorority houses will maintain summer
tables.
A list of rooming places for the
summer term will be available at the
Summer Quarter office in the Admin
istration Building after May 15.
Application for rooms on the Cam
pus for the Summer quarter should be
made at the offices of the Dean of
Men and the Dean of Women. Toyon
Hall, the Union, and Itoble will be
open to summer quarter students, and
in addition, several fraternity and
sorority houses will maintain summer
tables.
A list of rooming places for the
summer term will be available at the
Summer Quarter office in the Admin
istration Building after May 15.
Application for rooms on the Cam
pus for the Summer quarter should be
made at the offices of the Dean of
Men and the Dean of Women. Toyon
Hall, the Union, and Itoble will be
open to summer quarter students, and
in addition, several fraternity and
sorority houses will maintain summer
tables.
A list of rooming places for the
summer term will be available at the
Summer Quarter office in the Admin
istration Building after May 15.
Application for rooms on the Cam
pus for the Summer quarter should be
made at the offices of the Dean of
Men and the Dean of Women. Toyon
Hall, the Union, and Itoble will be
open to summer quarter students, and
in addition, several fraternity and
sorority houses will maintain summer
tables.
A list of rooming places for the
summer term will be available at the
Summer Quarter office in the Admin
istration Building after May 15.
Application for rooms on the Cam
pus for the Summer quarter should be
made at the offices of the Dean of
Men and the Dean of Women. Toyon
Hall, the Union, and Itoble will be
open to summer quarter students, and
in addition, several fraternity and
sorority houses will maintain summer
tables.
A list of rooming places for the
summer term will be available at the
Summer Quarter office in the Admin
istration Building after May 15.
Application for rooms on the Cam
pus for the Summer quarter should be
made at the offices of the Dean of
Men and the Dean of Women. Toyon
Hall, the Union, and Itoble will be
open to summer quarter students, and
in addition, several fraternity and
sorority houses will maintain summer
tables.
A list of rooming places for the
summer term will be available at the
Summer Quarter office in the Admin
istration Building after May 15.
Application for rooms on the Cam
pus for the Summer quarter should be
made at the offices of the Dean of
Men and the Dean of Women. Toyon
Hall, the Union, and Itoble will be
open to summer quarter students, and
in addition, several fraternity and
sorority houses will maintain summer
tables.
A list of rooming places for the
summer term will be available at the
Summer Quarter office in the Admin
istration Building after May 15.
Application for rooms on the Cam
pus for the Summer quarter should be
made at the offices of the Dean of
Men and the Dean of Women. Toyon
Hall, the Union, and Itoble will be
open to summer quarter students, and
in addition, several fraternity and
sorority houses will maintain summer
tables.
A list of rooming places for the
summer term will be available at the
Summer Quarter office in the Admin
istration Building after May 15.
