# EXPECT INCREASED ATTENDANCE AT STANFORD SUMMER SESSION
## Many Students to Remain on Campus, Reports Director Of 1929 Summer Quarter Faculty To Be Larger Than Former Years; To Include Five Campus Professors 
### 
"Perhaps the outstanding feature
of the 1929 summer quarter is the in
dication that there are going to be
more students of the regular college
year staying on for the summer than
have remained here at any previous
summer quarter," John A. Sellards,
Director of the Summer Quarter, de
clared yesterday.
"There has heen a steady increase
from year to year in the number of
such Stanford students remaining for
summer work and every indication
points to an unusually large total re
maining for the coming term."
The increase in the number of stu
dents staying for the summer work
plus the usual high enrollment of peo
ple who come here just for the sum
mer term indicates a large registra
tion. Records also show that a large
number of students return for several
successive summers.
The many prominent visiting pro
fessors always attract large groups
of students who wish to study with
these experts. Five eminent European
scholars will be here throughout the
summer months as well as nearly fifty
other visiting professors.
The size of the teaching staff has
been increased over that of previous
summers and preparations are being
made to offer more courses than here
tofore have been given. With a regis
tration almost evenly divided between
undergraduate and graduate students,
the schedule of courses is planned to
provide an adequate and interesting
curriculum for both of these groups.
In addition to the courses offered
many public lectures are scheduled
through the summer. These cover a
wide range of subjects and are in
tended to provide an opportunity for
students to broaden their interests in
many directions, as well as to supple
ment classroom lectures. Several con
certs have been scheduled for the
University summer community.
Excursion trips are also included
in the non-academic program of the
University and will give many stu
dents the opportunity to visit some
of the scenic spots in Northern Cali
fornia.
"Perhaps the outstanding feature
of the 1929 summer quarter is the in
dication that there are going to be
more students of the regular college
year staying on for the summer than
have remained here at any previous
summer quarter," John A. Sellards,
Director of the Summer Quarter, de
clared yesterday.
"There has heen a steady increase
from year to year in the number of
such Stanford students remaining for
summer work and every indication
points to an unusually large total re
maining for the coming term."
The increase in the number of stu
dents staying for the summer work
plus the usual high enrollment of peo
ple who come here just for the sum
mer term indicates a large registra
tion. Records also show that a large
number of students return for several
successive summers.
The many prominent visiting pro
fessors always attract large groups
of students who wish to study with
these experts. Five eminent European
scholars will be here throughout the
summer months as well as nearly fifty
other visiting professors.
The size of the teaching staff has
been increased over that of previous
summers and preparations are being
made to offer more courses than here
tofore have been given. With a regis
tration almost evenly divided between
undergraduate and graduate students,
the schedule of courses is planned to
provide an adequate and interesting
curriculum for both of these groups.
In addition to the courses offered
many public lectures are scheduled
through the summer. These cover a
wide range of subjects and are in
tended to provide an opportunity for
students to broaden their interests in
many directions, as well as to supple
ment classroom lectures. Several con
certs have been scheduled for the
University summer community.
Excursion trips are also included
in the non-academic program of the
University and will give many stu
dents the opportunity to visit some
of the scenic spots in Northern Cali
fornia.
"Perhaps the outstanding feature
of the 1929 summer quarter is the in
dication that there are going to be
more students of the regular college
year staying on for the summer than
have remained here at any previous
summer quarter," John A. Sellards,
Director of the Summer Quarter, de
clared yesterday.
"There has heen a steady increase
from year to year in the number of
such Stanford students remaining for
summer work and every indication
points to an unusually large total re
maining for the coming term."
The increase in the number of stu
dents staying for the summer work
plus the usual high enrollment of peo
ple who come here just for the sum
mer term indicates a large registra
tion. Records also show that a large
number of students return for several
successive summers.
The many prominent visiting pro
fessors always attract large groups
of students who wish to study with
these experts. Five eminent European
scholars will be here throughout the
summer months as well as nearly fifty
other visiting professors.
The size of the teaching staff has
been increased over that of previous
summers and preparations are being
made to offer more courses than here
tofore have been given. With a regis
tration almost evenly divided between
undergraduate and graduate students,
the schedule of courses is planned to
provide an adequate and interesting
curriculum for both of these groups.
In addition to the courses offered
many public lectures are scheduled
through the summer. These cover a
wide range of subjects and are in
tended to provide an opportunity for
students to broaden their interests in
many directions, as well as to supple
ment classroom lectures. Several con
certs have been scheduled for the
University summer community.
Excursion trips are also included
in the non-academic program of the
University and will give many stu
dents the opportunity to visit some
of the scenic spots in Northern Cali
fornia.
"Perhaps the outstanding feature
of the 1929 summer quarter is the in
dication that there are going to be
more students of the regular college
year staying on for the summer than
have remained here at any previous
summer quarter," John A. Sellards,
Director of the Summer Quarter, de
clared yesterday.
"There has heen a steady increase
from year to year in the number of
such Stanford students remaining for
summer work and every indication
points to an unusually large total re
maining for the coming term."
The increase in the number of stu
dents staying for the summer work
plus the usual high enrollment of peo
ple who come here just for the sum
mer term indicates a large registra
tion. Records also show that a large
number of students return for several
successive summers.
The many prominent visiting pro
fessors always attract large groups
of students who wish to study with
these experts. Five eminent European
scholars will be here throughout the
summer months as well as nearly fifty
other visiting professors.
The size of the teaching staff has
been increased over that of previous
summers and preparations are being
made to offer more courses than here
tofore have been given. With a regis
tration almost evenly divided between
undergraduate and graduate students,
the schedule of courses is planned to
provide an adequate and interesting
curriculum for both of these groups.
In addition to the courses offered
many public lectures are scheduled
through the summer. These cover a
wide range of subjects and are in
tended to provide an opportunity for
students to broaden their interests in
many directions, as well as to supple
ment classroom lectures. Several con
certs have been scheduled for the
University summer community.
Excursion trips are also included
in the non-academic program of the
University and will give many stu
dents the opportunity to visit some
of the scenic spots in Northern Cali
fornia.
"Perhaps the outstanding feature
of the 1929 summer quarter is the in
dication that there are going to be
more students of the regular college
year staying on for the summer than
have remained here at any previous
summer quarter," John A. Sellards,
Director of the Summer Quarter, de
clared yesterday.
"There has heen a steady increase
from year to year in the number of
such Stanford students remaining for
summer work and every indication
points to an unusually large total re
maining for the coming term."
The increase in the number of stu
dents staying for the summer work
plus the usual high enrollment of peo
ple who come here just for the sum
mer term indicates a large registra
tion. Records also show that a large
number of students return for several
successive summers.
The many prominent visiting pro
fessors always attract large groups
of students who wish to study with
these experts. Five eminent European
scholars will be here throughout the
summer months as well as nearly fifty
other visiting professors.
The size of the teaching staff has
been increased over that of previous
summers and preparations are being
made to offer more courses than here
tofore have been given. With a regis
tration almost evenly divided between
undergraduate and graduate students,
the schedule of courses is planned to
provide an adequate and interesting
curriculum for both of these groups.
In addition to the courses offered
many public lectures are scheduled
through the summer. These cover a
wide range of subjects and are in
tended to provide an opportunity for
students to broaden their interests in
many directions, as well as to supple
ment classroom lectures. Several con
certs have been scheduled for the
University summer community.
Excursion trips are also included
in the non-academic program of the
University and will give many stu
dents the opportunity to visit some
of the scenic spots in Northern Cali
fornia.
"Perhaps the outstanding feature
of the 1929 summer quarter is the in
dication that there are going to be
more students of the regular college
year staying on for the summer than
have remained here at any previous
summer quarter," John A. Sellards,
Director of the Summer Quarter, de
clared yesterday.
"There has heen a steady increase
from year to year in the number of
such Stanford students remaining for
summer work and every indication
points to an unusually large total re
maining for the coming term."
The increase in the number of stu
dents staying for the summer work
plus the usual high enrollment of peo
ple who come here just for the sum
mer term indicates a large registra
tion. Records also show that a large
number of students return for several
successive summers.
The many prominent visiting pro
fessors always attract large groups
of students who wish to study with
these experts. Five eminent European
scholars will be here throughout the
summer months as well as nearly fifty
other visiting professors.
The size of the teaching staff has
been increased over that of previous
summers and preparations are being
made to offer more courses than here
tofore have been given. With a regis
tration almost evenly divided between
undergraduate and graduate students,
the schedule of courses is planned to
provide an adequate and interesting
curriculum for both of these groups.
In addition to the courses offered
many public lectures are scheduled
through the summer. These cover a
wide range of subjects and are in
tended to provide an opportunity for
students to broaden their interests in
many directions, as well as to supple
ment classroom lectures. Several con
certs have been scheduled for the
University summer community.
Excursion trips are also included
in the non-academic program of the
University and will give many stu
dents the opportunity to visit some
of the scenic spots in Northern Cali
fornia.
"Perhaps the outstanding feature
of the 1929 summer quarter is the in
dication that there are going to be
more students of the regular college
year staying on for the summer than
have remained here at any previous
summer quarter," John A. Sellards,
Director of the Summer Quarter, de
clared yesterday.
"There has heen a steady increase
from year to year in the number of
such Stanford students remaining for
summer work and every indication
points to an unusually large total re
maining for the coming term."
The increase in the number of stu
dents staying for the summer work
plus the usual high enrollment of peo
ple who come here just for the sum
mer term indicates a large registra
tion. Records also show that a large
number of students return for several
successive summers.
The many prominent visiting pro
fessors always attract large groups
of students who wish to study with
these experts. Five eminent European
scholars will be here throughout the
summer months as well as nearly fifty
other visiting professors.
The size of the teaching staff has
been increased over that of previous
summers and preparations are being
made to offer more courses than here
tofore have been given. With a regis
tration almost evenly divided between
undergraduate and graduate students,
the schedule of courses is planned to
provide an adequate and interesting
curriculum for both of these groups.
In addition to the courses offered
many public lectures are scheduled
through the summer. These cover a
wide range of subjects and are in
tended to provide an opportunity for
students to broaden their interests in
many directions, as well as to supple
ment classroom lectures. Several con
certs have been scheduled for the
University summer community.
Excursion trips are also included
in the non-academic program of the
University and will give many stu
dents the opportunity to visit some
of the scenic spots in Northern Cali
fornia.
"Perhaps the outstanding feature
of the 1929 summer quarter is the in
dication that there are going to be
more students of the regular college
year staying on for the summer than
have remained here at any previous
summer quarter," John A. Sellards,
Director of the Summer Quarter, de
clared yesterday.
"There has heen a steady increase
from year to year in the number of
such Stanford students remaining for
summer work and every indication
points to an unusually large total re
maining for the coming term."
The increase in the number of stu
dents staying for the summer work
plus the usual high enrollment of peo
ple who come here just for the sum
mer term indicates a large registra
tion. Records also show that a large
number of students return for several
successive summers.
The many prominent visiting pro
fessors always attract large groups
of students who wish to study with
these experts. Five eminent European
scholars will be here throughout the
summer months as well as nearly fifty
other visiting professors.
The size of the teaching staff has
been increased over that of previous
summers and preparations are being
made to offer more courses than here
tofore have been given. With a regis
tration almost evenly divided between
undergraduate and graduate students,
the schedule of courses is planned to
provide an adequate and interesting
curriculum for both of these groups.
In addition to the courses offered
many public lectures are scheduled
through the summer. These cover a
wide range of subjects and are in
tended to provide an opportunity for
students to broaden their interests in
many directions, as well as to supple
ment classroom lectures. Several con
certs have been scheduled for the
University summer community.
Excursion trips are also included
in the non-academic program of the
University and will give many stu
dents the opportunity to visit some
of the scenic spots in Northern Cali
fornia.
"Perhaps the outstanding feature
of the 1929 summer quarter is the in
dication that there are going to be
more students of the regular college
year staying on for the summer than
have remained here at any previous
summer quarter," John A. Sellards,
Director of the Summer Quarter, de
clared yesterday.
"There has heen a steady increase
from year to year in the number of
such Stanford students remaining for
summer work and every indication
points to an unusually large total re
maining for the coming term."
The increase in the number of stu
dents staying for the summer work
plus the usual high enrollment of peo
ple who come here just for the sum
mer term indicates a large registra
tion. Records also show that a large
number of students return for several
successive summers.
The many prominent visiting pro
fessors always attract large groups
of students who wish to study with
these experts. Five eminent European
scholars will be here throughout the
summer months as well as nearly fifty
other visiting professors.
The size of the teaching staff has
been increased over that of previous
summers and preparations are being
made to offer more courses than here
tofore have been given. With a regis
tration almost evenly divided between
undergraduate and graduate students,
the schedule of courses is planned to
provide an adequate and interesting
curriculum for both of these groups.
In addition to the courses offered
many public lectures are scheduled
through the summer. These cover a
wide range of subjects and are in
tended to provide an opportunity for
students to broaden their interests in
many directions, as well as to supple
ment classroom lectures. Several con
certs have been scheduled for the
University summer community.
Excursion trips are also included
in the non-academic program of the
University and will give many stu
dents the opportunity to visit some
of the scenic spots in Northern Cali
fornia.
"Perhaps the outstanding feature
of the 1929 summer quarter is the in
dication that there are going to be
more students of the regular college
year staying on for the summer than
have remained here at any previous
summer quarter," John A. Sellards,
Director of the Summer Quarter, de
clared yesterday.
"There has heen a steady increase
from year to year in the number of
such Stanford students remaining for
summer work and every indication
points to an unusually large total re
maining for the coming term."
The increase in the number of stu
dents staying for the summer work
plus the usual high enrollment of peo
ple who come here just for the sum
mer term indicates a large registra
tion. Records also show that a large
number of students return for several
successive summers.
The many prominent visiting pro
fessors always attract large groups
of students who wish to study with
these experts. Five eminent European
scholars will be here throughout the
summer months as well as nearly fifty
other visiting professors.
The size of the teaching staff has
been increased over that of previous
summers and preparations are being
made to offer more courses than here
tofore have been given. With a regis
tration almost evenly divided between
undergraduate and graduate students,
the schedule of courses is planned to
provide an adequate and interesting
curriculum for both of these groups.
In addition to the courses offered
many public lectures are scheduled
through the summer. These cover a
wide range of subjects and are in
tended to provide an opportunity for
students to broaden their interests in
many directions, as well as to supple
ment classroom lectures. Several con
certs have been scheduled for the
University summer community.
Excursion trips are also included
in the non-academic program of the
University and will give many stu
dents the opportunity to visit some
of the scenic spots in Northern Cali
fornia.
"Perhaps the outstanding feature
of the 1929 summer quarter is the in
dication that there are going to be
more students of the regular college
year staying on for the summer than
have remained here at any previous
summer quarter," John A. Sellards,
Director of the Summer Quarter, de
clared yesterday.
"There has heen a steady increase
from year to year in the number of
such Stanford students remaining for
summer work and every indication
points to an unusually large total re
maining for the coming term."
The increase in the number of stu
dents staying for the summer work
plus the usual high enrollment of peo
ple who come here just for the sum
mer term indicates a large registra
tion. Records also show that a large
number of students return for several
successive summers.
The many prominent visiting pro
fessors always attract large groups
of students who wish to study with
these experts. Five eminent European
scholars will be here throughout the
summer months as well as nearly fifty
other visiting professors.
The size of the teaching staff has
been increased over that of previous
summers and preparations are being
made to offer more courses than here
tofore have been given. With a regis
tration almost evenly divided between
undergraduate and graduate students,
the schedule of courses is planned to
provide an adequate and interesting
curriculum for both of these groups.
In addition to the courses offered
many public lectures are scheduled
through the summer. These cover a
wide range of subjects and are in
tended to provide an opportunity for
students to broaden their interests in
many directions, as well as to supple
ment classroom lectures. Several con
certs have been scheduled for the
University summer community.
Excursion trips are also included
in the non-academic program of the
University and will give many stu
dents the opportunity to visit some
of the scenic spots in Northern Cali
fornia.
"Perhaps the outstanding feature
of the 1929 summer quarter is the in
dication that there are going to be
more students of the regular college
year staying on for the summer than
have remained here at any previous
summer quarter," John A. Sellards,
Director of the Summer Quarter, de
clared yesterday.
"There has heen a steady increase
from year to year in the number of
such Stanford students remaining for
summer work and every indication
points to an unusually large total re
maining for the coming term."
The increase in the number of stu
dents staying for the summer work
plus the usual high enrollment of peo
ple who come here just for the sum
mer term indicates a large registra
tion. Records also show that a large
number of students return for several
successive summers.
The many prominent visiting pro
fessors always attract large groups
of students who wish to study with
these experts. Five eminent European
scholars will be here throughout the
summer months as well as nearly fifty
other visiting professors.
The size of the teaching staff has
been increased over that of previous
summers and preparations are being
made to offer more courses than here
tofore have been given. With a regis
tration almost evenly divided between
undergraduate and graduate students,
the schedule of courses is planned to
provide an adequate and interesting
curriculum for both of these groups.
In addition to the courses offered
many public lectures are scheduled
through the summer. These cover a
wide range of subjects and are in
tended to provide an opportunity for
students to broaden their interests in
many directions, as well as to supple
ment classroom lectures. Several con
certs have been scheduled for the
University summer community.
Excursion trips are also included
in the non-academic program of the
University and will give many stu
dents the opportunity to visit some
of the scenic spots in Northern Cali
fornia.
"Perhaps the outstanding feature
of the 1929 summer quarter is the in
dication that there are going to be
more students of the regular college
year staying on for the summer than
have remained here at any previous
summer quarter," John A. Sellards,
Director of the Summer Quarter, de
clared yesterday.
"There has heen a steady increase
from year to year in the number of
such Stanford students remaining for
summer work and every indication
points to an unusually large total re
maining for the coming term."
The increase in the number of stu
dents staying for the summer work
plus the usual high enrollment of peo
ple who come here just for the sum
mer term indicates a large registra
tion. Records also show that a large
number of students return for several
successive summers.
The many prominent visiting pro
fessors always attract large groups
of students who wish to study with
these experts. Five eminent European
scholars will be here throughout the
summer months as well as nearly fifty
other visiting professors.
The size of the teaching staff has
been increased over that of previous
summers and preparations are being
made to offer more courses than here
tofore have been given. With a regis
tration almost evenly divided between
undergraduate and graduate students,
the schedule of courses is planned to
provide an adequate and interesting
curriculum for both of these groups.
In addition to the courses offered
many public lectures are scheduled
through the summer. These cover a
wide range of subjects and are in
tended to provide an opportunity for
students to broaden their interests in
many directions, as well as to supple
ment classroom lectures. Several con
certs have been scheduled for the
University summer community.
Excursion trips are also included
in the non-academic program of the
University and will give many stu
dents the opportunity to visit some
of the scenic spots in Northern Cali
fornia.
"Perhaps the outstanding feature
of the 1929 summer quarter is the in
dication that there are going to be
more students of the regular college
year staying on for the summer than
have remained here at any previous
summer quarter," John A. Sellards,
Director of the Summer Quarter, de
clared yesterday.
"There has heen a steady increase
from year to year in the number of
such Stanford students remaining for
summer work and every indication
points to an unusually large total re
maining for the coming term."
The increase in the number of stu
dents staying for the summer work
plus the usual high enrollment of peo
ple who come here just for the sum
mer term indicates a large registra
tion. Records also show that a large
number of students return for several
successive summers.
The many prominent visiting pro
fessors always attract large groups
of students who wish to study with
these experts. Five eminent European
scholars will be here throughout the
summer months as well as nearly fifty
other visiting professors.
The size of the teaching staff has
been increased over that of previous
summers and preparations are being
made to offer more courses than here
tofore have been given. With a regis
tration almost evenly divided between
undergraduate and graduate students,
the schedule of courses is planned to
provide an adequate and interesting
curriculum for both of these groups.
In addition to the courses offered
many public lectures are scheduled
through the summer. These cover a
wide range of subjects and are in
tended to provide an opportunity for
students to broaden their interests in
many directions, as well as to supple
ment classroom lectures. Several con
certs have been scheduled for the
University summer community.
Excursion trips are also included
in the non-academic program of the
University and will give many stu
dents the opportunity to visit some
of the scenic spots in Northern Cali
fornia.
"Perhaps the outstanding feature
of the 1929 summer quarter is the in
dication that there are going to be
more students of the regular college
year staying on for the summer than
have remained here at any previous
summer quarter," John A. Sellards,
Director of the Summer Quarter, de
clared yesterday.
"There has heen a steady increase
from year to year in the number of
such Stanford students remaining for
summer work and every indication
points to an unusually large total re
maining for the coming term."
The increase in the number of stu
dents staying for the summer work
plus the usual high enrollment of peo
ple who come here just for the sum
mer term indicates a large registra
tion. Records also show that a large
number of students return for several
successive summers.
The many prominent visiting pro
fessors always attract large groups
of students who wish to study with
these experts. Five eminent European
scholars will be here throughout the
summer months as well as nearly fifty
other visiting professors.
The size of the teaching staff has
been increased over that of previous
summers and preparations are being
made to offer more courses than here
tofore have been given. With a regis
tration almost evenly divided between
undergraduate and graduate students,
the schedule of courses is planned to
provide an adequate and interesting
curriculum for both of these groups.
In addition to the courses offered
many public lectures are scheduled
through the summer. These cover a
wide range of subjects and are in
tended to provide an opportunity for
students to broaden their interests in
many directions, as well as to supple
ment classroom lectures. Several con
certs have been scheduled for the
University summer community.
Excursion trips are also included
in the non-academic program of the
University and will give many stu
dents the opportunity to visit some
of the scenic spots in Northern Cali
fornia.
"Perhaps the outstanding feature
of the 1929 summer quarter is the in
dication that there are going to be
more students of the regular college
year staying on for the summer than
have remained here at any previous
summer quarter," John A. Sellards,
Director of the Summer Quarter, de
clared yesterday.
"There has heen a steady increase
from year to year in the number of
such Stanford students remaining for
summer work and every indication
points to an unusually large total re
maining for the coming term."
The increase in the number of stu
dents staying for the summer work
plus the usual high enrollment of peo
ple who come here just for the sum
mer term indicates a large registra
tion. Records also show that a large
number of students return for several
successive summers.
The many prominent visiting pro
fessors always attract large groups
of students who wish to study with
these experts. Five eminent European
scholars will be here throughout the
summer months as well as nearly fifty
other visiting professors.
The size of the teaching staff has
been increased over that of previous
summers and preparations are being
made to offer more courses than here
tofore have been given. With a regis
tration almost evenly divided between
undergraduate and graduate students,
the schedule of courses is planned to
provide an adequate and interesting
curriculum for both of these groups.
In addition to the courses offered
many public lectures are scheduled
through the summer. These cover a
wide range of subjects and are in
tended to provide an opportunity for
students to broaden their interests in
many directions, as well as to supple
ment classroom lectures. Several con
certs have been scheduled for the
University summer community.
Excursion trips are also included
in the non-academic program of the
University and will give many stu
dents the opportunity to visit some
of the scenic spots in Northern Cali
fornia.
