# Ellsworth To Speak Tonight On Times Of Banyan, John Milton
## 
### 
Intimate associations with many of
the prominent literary characters of
today will give added color to William
W. Ellsworth's lecture tonight on
"John Milton, John Bunyan, and their
times," to be given in the Assembly
Hall at 7:30.
Ellsworth has enjoyed friendships
with a number of men of letters, in
cluding Theodore Roosevelt, Mark
Twain, Rudyard Kipling, and Corian
Doyle. In his lecture he will tell many
of his experiences with these men, and
his impressions of them. He will il
lustrate his talk with colored slides
made from paintings and etchings of
great rarity, together with reproduc
tions of manuscripts of the period in
which Milton and Bunyan wrote. Ells
worth will read appropriate selections
from "Paradise Lost," Milton's great
est work. He will also discuss Pepys'
diary and the circumstances of its
translation, and the life of Bunyan,
author of "Pilgrim's Progress."
Ellsworth is well-known in this
country as an authority on literature
and particularly on this period; he
has given lectures in the schools and
colleges of the nation for years.
Intimate associations with many of
the prominent literary characters of
today will give added color to William
W. Ellsworth's lecture tonight on
"John Milton, John Bunyan, and their
times," to be given in the Assembly
Hall at 7:30.
Ellsworth has enjoyed friendships
with a number of men of letters, in
cluding Theodore Roosevelt, Mark
Twain, Rudyard Kipling, and Corian
Doyle. In his lecture he will tell many
of his experiences with these men, and
his impressions of them. He will il
lustrate his talk with colored slides
made from paintings and etchings of
great rarity, together with reproduc
tions of manuscripts of the period in
which Milton and Bunyan wrote. Ells
worth will read appropriate selections
from "Paradise Lost," Milton's great
est work. He will also discuss Pepys'
diary and the circumstances of its
translation, and the life of Bunyan,
author of "Pilgrim's Progress."
Ellsworth is well-known in this
country as an authority on literature
and particularly on this period; he
has given lectures in the schools and
colleges of the nation for years.
Intimate associations with many of
the prominent literary characters of
today will give added color to William
W. Ellsworth's lecture tonight on
"John Milton, John Bunyan, and their
times," to be given in the Assembly
Hall at 7:30.
Ellsworth has enjoyed friendships
with a number of men of letters, in
cluding Theodore Roosevelt, Mark
Twain, Rudyard Kipling, and Corian
Doyle. In his lecture he will tell many
of his experiences with these men, and
his impressions of them. He will il
lustrate his talk with colored slides
made from paintings and etchings of
great rarity, together with reproduc
tions of manuscripts of the period in
which Milton and Bunyan wrote. Ells
worth will read appropriate selections
from "Paradise Lost," Milton's great
est work. He will also discuss Pepys'
diary and the circumstances of its
translation, and the life of Bunyan,
author of "Pilgrim's Progress."
Ellsworth is well-known in this
country as an authority on literature
and particularly on this period; he
has given lectures in the schools and
colleges of the nation for years.
Intimate associations with many of
the prominent literary characters of
today will give added color to William
W. Ellsworth's lecture tonight on
"John Milton, John Bunyan, and their
times," to be given in the Assembly
Hall at 7:30.
Ellsworth has enjoyed friendships
with a number of men of letters, in
cluding Theodore Roosevelt, Mark
Twain, Rudyard Kipling, and Corian
Doyle. In his lecture he will tell many
of his experiences with these men, and
his impressions of them. He will il
lustrate his talk with colored slides
made from paintings and etchings of
great rarity, together with reproduc
tions of manuscripts of the period in
which Milton and Bunyan wrote. Ells
worth will read appropriate selections
from "Paradise Lost," Milton's great
est work. He will also discuss Pepys'
diary and the circumstances of its
translation, and the life of Bunyan,
author of "Pilgrim's Progress."
Ellsworth is well-known in this
country as an authority on literature
and particularly on this period; he
has given lectures in the schools and
colleges of the nation for years.
Intimate associations with many of
the prominent literary characters of
today will give added color to William
W. Ellsworth's lecture tonight on
"John Milton, John Bunyan, and their
times," to be given in the Assembly
Hall at 7:30.
Ellsworth has enjoyed friendships
with a number of men of letters, in
cluding Theodore Roosevelt, Mark
Twain, Rudyard Kipling, and Corian
Doyle. In his lecture he will tell many
of his experiences with these men, and
his impressions of them. He will il
lustrate his talk with colored slides
made from paintings and etchings of
great rarity, together with reproduc
tions of manuscripts of the period in
which Milton and Bunyan wrote. Ells
worth will read appropriate selections
from "Paradise Lost," Milton's great
est work. He will also discuss Pepys'
diary and the circumstances of its
translation, and the life of Bunyan,
author of "Pilgrim's Progress."
Ellsworth is well-known in this
country as an authority on literature
and particularly on this period; he
has given lectures in the schools and
colleges of the nation for years.
Intimate associations with many of
the prominent literary characters of
today will give added color to William
W. Ellsworth's lecture tonight on
"John Milton, John Bunyan, and their
times," to be given in the Assembly
Hall at 7:30.
Ellsworth has enjoyed friendships
with a number of men of letters, in
cluding Theodore Roosevelt, Mark
Twain, Rudyard Kipling, and Corian
Doyle. In his lecture he will tell many
of his experiences with these men, and
his impressions of them. He will il
lustrate his talk with colored slides
made from paintings and etchings of
great rarity, together with reproduc
tions of manuscripts of the period in
which Milton and Bunyan wrote. Ells
worth will read appropriate selections
from "Paradise Lost," Milton's great
est work. He will also discuss Pepys'
diary and the circumstances of its
translation, and the life of Bunyan,
author of "Pilgrim's Progress."
Ellsworth is well-known in this
country as an authority on literature
and particularly on this period; he
has given lectures in the schools and
colleges of the nation for years.
Intimate associations with many of
the prominent literary characters of
today will give added color to William
W. Ellsworth's lecture tonight on
"John Milton, John Bunyan, and their
times," to be given in the Assembly
Hall at 7:30.
Ellsworth has enjoyed friendships
with a number of men of letters, in
cluding Theodore Roosevelt, Mark
Twain, Rudyard Kipling, and Corian
Doyle. In his lecture he will tell many
of his experiences with these men, and
his impressions of them. He will il
lustrate his talk with colored slides
made from paintings and etchings of
great rarity, together with reproduc
tions of manuscripts of the period in
which Milton and Bunyan wrote. Ells
worth will read appropriate selections
from "Paradise Lost," Milton's great
est work. He will also discuss Pepys'
diary and the circumstances of its
translation, and the life of Bunyan,
author of "Pilgrim's Progress."
Ellsworth is well-known in this
country as an authority on literature
and particularly on this period; he
has given lectures in the schools and
colleges of the nation for years.
Intimate associations with many of
the prominent literary characters of
today will give added color to William
W. Ellsworth's lecture tonight on
"John Milton, John Bunyan, and their
times," to be given in the Assembly
Hall at 7:30.
Ellsworth has enjoyed friendships
with a number of men of letters, in
cluding Theodore Roosevelt, Mark
Twain, Rudyard Kipling, and Corian
Doyle. In his lecture he will tell many
of his experiences with these men, and
his impressions of them. He will il
lustrate his talk with colored slides
made from paintings and etchings of
great rarity, together with reproduc
tions of manuscripts of the period in
which Milton and Bunyan wrote. Ells
worth will read appropriate selections
from "Paradise Lost," Milton's great
est work. He will also discuss Pepys'
diary and the circumstances of its
translation, and the life of Bunyan,
author of "Pilgrim's Progress."
Ellsworth is well-known in this
country as an authority on literature
and particularly on this period; he
has given lectures in the schools and
colleges of the nation for years.
Intimate associations with many of
the prominent literary characters of
today will give added color to William
W. Ellsworth's lecture tonight on
"John Milton, John Bunyan, and their
times," to be given in the Assembly
Hall at 7:30.
Ellsworth has enjoyed friendships
with a number of men of letters, in
cluding Theodore Roosevelt, Mark
Twain, Rudyard Kipling, and Corian
Doyle. In his lecture he will tell many
of his experiences with these men, and
his impressions of them. He will il
lustrate his talk with colored slides
made from paintings and etchings of
great rarity, together with reproduc
tions of manuscripts of the period in
which Milton and Bunyan wrote. Ells
worth will read appropriate selections
from "Paradise Lost," Milton's great
est work. He will also discuss Pepys'
diary and the circumstances of its
translation, and the life of Bunyan,
author of "Pilgrim's Progress."
Ellsworth is well-known in this
country as an authority on literature
and particularly on this period; he
has given lectures in the schools and
colleges of the nation for years.
Intimate associations with many of
the prominent literary characters of
today will give added color to William
W. Ellsworth's lecture tonight on
"John Milton, John Bunyan, and their
times," to be given in the Assembly
Hall at 7:30.
Ellsworth has enjoyed friendships
with a number of men of letters, in
cluding Theodore Roosevelt, Mark
Twain, Rudyard Kipling, and Corian
Doyle. In his lecture he will tell many
of his experiences with these men, and
his impressions of them. He will il
lustrate his talk with colored slides
made from paintings and etchings of
great rarity, together with reproduc
tions of manuscripts of the period in
which Milton and Bunyan wrote. Ells
worth will read appropriate selections
from "Paradise Lost," Milton's great
est work. He will also discuss Pepys'
diary and the circumstances of its
translation, and the life of Bunyan,
author of "Pilgrim's Progress."
Ellsworth is well-known in this
country as an authority on literature
and particularly on this period; he
has given lectures in the schools and
colleges of the nation for years.
Intimate associations with many of
the prominent literary characters of
today will give added color to William
W. Ellsworth's lecture tonight on
"John Milton, John Bunyan, and their
times," to be given in the Assembly
Hall at 7:30.
Ellsworth has enjoyed friendships
with a number of men of letters, in
cluding Theodore Roosevelt, Mark
Twain, Rudyard Kipling, and Corian
Doyle. In his lecture he will tell many
of his experiences with these men, and
his impressions of them. He will il
lustrate his talk with colored slides
made from paintings and etchings of
great rarity, together with reproduc
tions of manuscripts of the period in
which Milton and Bunyan wrote. Ells
worth will read appropriate selections
from "Paradise Lost," Milton's great
est work. He will also discuss Pepys'
diary and the circumstances of its
translation, and the life of Bunyan,
author of "Pilgrim's Progress."
Ellsworth is well-known in this
country as an authority on literature
and particularly on this period; he
has given lectures in the schools and
colleges of the nation for years.
Intimate associations with many of
the prominent literary characters of
today will give added color to William
W. Ellsworth's lecture tonight on
"John Milton, John Bunyan, and their
times," to be given in the Assembly
Hall at 7:30.
Ellsworth has enjoyed friendships
with a number of men of letters, in
cluding Theodore Roosevelt, Mark
Twain, Rudyard Kipling, and Corian
Doyle. In his lecture he will tell many
of his experiences with these men, and
his impressions of them. He will il
lustrate his talk with colored slides
made from paintings and etchings of
great rarity, together with reproduc
tions of manuscripts of the period in
which Milton and Bunyan wrote. Ells
worth will read appropriate selections
from "Paradise Lost," Milton's great
est work. He will also discuss Pepys'
diary and the circumstances of its
translation, and the life of Bunyan,
author of "Pilgrim's Progress."
Ellsworth is well-known in this
country as an authority on literature
and particularly on this period; he
has given lectures in the schools and
colleges of the nation for years.
Intimate associations with many of
the prominent literary characters of
today will give added color to William
W. Ellsworth's lecture tonight on
"John Milton, John Bunyan, and their
times," to be given in the Assembly
Hall at 7:30.
Ellsworth has enjoyed friendships
with a number of men of letters, in
cluding Theodore Roosevelt, Mark
Twain, Rudyard Kipling, and Corian
Doyle. In his lecture he will tell many
of his experiences with these men, and
his impressions of them. He will il
lustrate his talk with colored slides
made from paintings and etchings of
great rarity, together with reproduc
tions of manuscripts of the period in
which Milton and Bunyan wrote. Ells
worth will read appropriate selections
from "Paradise Lost," Milton's great
est work. He will also discuss Pepys'
diary and the circumstances of its
translation, and the life of Bunyan,
author of "Pilgrim's Progress."
Ellsworth is well-known in this
country as an authority on literature
and particularly on this period; he
has given lectures in the schools and
colleges of the nation for years.
Intimate associations with many of
the prominent literary characters of
today will give added color to William
W. Ellsworth's lecture tonight on
"John Milton, John Bunyan, and their
times," to be given in the Assembly
Hall at 7:30.
Ellsworth has enjoyed friendships
with a number of men of letters, in
cluding Theodore Roosevelt, Mark
Twain, Rudyard Kipling, and Corian
Doyle. In his lecture he will tell many
of his experiences with these men, and
his impressions of them. He will il
lustrate his talk with colored slides
made from paintings and etchings of
great rarity, together with reproduc
tions of manuscripts of the period in
which Milton and Bunyan wrote. Ells
worth will read appropriate selections
from "Paradise Lost," Milton's great
est work. He will also discuss Pepys'
diary and the circumstances of its
translation, and the life of Bunyan,
author of "Pilgrim's Progress."
Ellsworth is well-known in this
country as an authority on literature
and particularly on this period; he
has given lectures in the schools and
colleges of the nation for years.
Intimate associations with many of
the prominent literary characters of
today will give added color to William
W. Ellsworth's lecture tonight on
"John Milton, John Bunyan, and their
times," to be given in the Assembly
Hall at 7:30.
Ellsworth has enjoyed friendships
with a number of men of letters, in
cluding Theodore Roosevelt, Mark
Twain, Rudyard Kipling, and Corian
Doyle. In his lecture he will tell many
of his experiences with these men, and
his impressions of them. He will il
lustrate his talk with colored slides
made from paintings and etchings of
great rarity, together with reproduc
tions of manuscripts of the period in
which Milton and Bunyan wrote. Ells
worth will read appropriate selections
from "Paradise Lost," Milton's great
est work. He will also discuss Pepys'
diary and the circumstances of its
translation, and the life of Bunyan,
author of "Pilgrim's Progress."
Ellsworth is well-known in this
country as an authority on literature
and particularly on this period; he
has given lectures in the schools and
colleges of the nation for years.
Intimate associations with many of
the prominent literary characters of
today will give added color to William
W. Ellsworth's lecture tonight on
"John Milton, John Bunyan, and their
times," to be given in the Assembly
Hall at 7:30.
Ellsworth has enjoyed friendships
with a number of men of letters, in
cluding Theodore Roosevelt, Mark
Twain, Rudyard Kipling, and Corian
Doyle. In his lecture he will tell many
of his experiences with these men, and
his impressions of them. He will il
lustrate his talk with colored slides
made from paintings and etchings of
great rarity, together with reproduc
tions of manuscripts of the period in
which Milton and Bunyan wrote. Ells
worth will read appropriate selections
from "Paradise Lost," Milton's great
est work. He will also discuss Pepys'
diary and the circumstances of its
translation, and the life of Bunyan,
author of "Pilgrim's Progress."
Ellsworth is well-known in this
country as an authority on literature
and particularly on this period; he
has given lectures in the schools and
colleges of the nation for years.
