# Simple Funeral Held In Ceremony Chapel
## 
### 
NEW YORK, April 6 (A 3 ). — A
simple funeral service for Bruno
Richard Hauptmann took place in a
ceremony chapel this afternoon in
the presence of his widow and his
attorney, C. Lloyd Fisher.
After the service, plans called for
cremation of the body at Fresh
Ponds, Queens. The ashes probably
will be taken to Germany even
tually.
NEW YORK, April 6 (A 3 ). — A
simple funeral service for Bruno
Richard Hauptmann took place in a
ceremony chapel this afternoon in
the presence of his widow and his
attorney, C. Lloyd Fisher.
After the service, plans called for
cremation of the body at Fresh
Ponds, Queens. The ashes probably
will be taken to Germany even
tually.
NEW YORK, April 6 (A 3 ). — A
simple funeral service for Bruno
Richard Hauptmann took place in a
ceremony chapel this afternoon in
the presence of his widow and his
attorney, C. Lloyd Fisher.
After the service, plans called for
cremation of the body at Fresh
Ponds, Queens. The ashes probably
will be taken to Germany even
tually.
NEW YORK, April 6 (A 3 ). — A
simple funeral service for Bruno
Richard Hauptmann took place in a
ceremony chapel this afternoon in
the presence of his widow and his
attorney, C. Lloyd Fisher.
After the service, plans called for
cremation of the body at Fresh
Ponds, Queens. The ashes probably
will be taken to Germany even
tually.
NEW YORK, April 6 (A 3 ). — A
simple funeral service for Bruno
Richard Hauptmann took place in a
ceremony chapel this afternoon in
the presence of his widow and his
attorney, C. Lloyd Fisher.
After the service, plans called for
cremation of the body at Fresh
Ponds, Queens. The ashes probably
will be taken to Germany even
tually.
NEW YORK, April 6 (A 3 ). — A
simple funeral service for Bruno
Richard Hauptmann took place in a
ceremony chapel this afternoon in
the presence of his widow and his
attorney, C. Lloyd Fisher.
After the service, plans called for
cremation of the body at Fresh
Ponds, Queens. The ashes probably
will be taken to Germany even
tually.
NEW YORK, April 6 (A 3 ). — A
simple funeral service for Bruno
Richard Hauptmann took place in a
ceremony chapel this afternoon in
the presence of his widow and his
attorney, C. Lloyd Fisher.
After the service, plans called for
cremation of the body at Fresh
Ponds, Queens. The ashes probably
will be taken to Germany even
tually.
NEW YORK, April 6 (A 3 ). — A
simple funeral service for Bruno
Richard Hauptmann took place in a
ceremony chapel this afternoon in
the presence of his widow and his
attorney, C. Lloyd Fisher.
After the service, plans called for
cremation of the body at Fresh
Ponds, Queens. The ashes probably
will be taken to Germany even
tually.
NEW YORK, April 6 (A 3 ). — A
simple funeral service for Bruno
Richard Hauptmann took place in a
ceremony chapel this afternoon in
the presence of his widow and his
attorney, C. Lloyd Fisher.
After the service, plans called for
cremation of the body at Fresh
Ponds, Queens. The ashes probably
will be taken to Germany even
tually.
NEW YORK, April 6 (A 3 ). — A
simple funeral service for Bruno
Richard Hauptmann took place in a
ceremony chapel this afternoon in
the presence of his widow and his
attorney, C. Lloyd Fisher.
After the service, plans called for
cremation of the body at Fresh
Ponds, Queens. The ashes probably
will be taken to Germany even
tually.
NEW YORK, April 6 (A 3 ). — A
simple funeral service for Bruno
Richard Hauptmann took place in a
ceremony chapel this afternoon in
the presence of his widow and his
attorney, C. Lloyd Fisher.
After the service, plans called for
cremation of the body at Fresh
Ponds, Queens. The ashes probably
will be taken to Germany even
tually.
NEW YORK, April 6 (A 3 ). — A
simple funeral service for Bruno
Richard Hauptmann took place in a
ceremony chapel this afternoon in
the presence of his widow and his
attorney, C. Lloyd Fisher.
After the service, plans called for
cremation of the body at Fresh
Ponds, Queens. The ashes probably
will be taken to Germany even
tually.
NEW YORK, April 6 (A 3 ). — A
simple funeral service for Bruno
Richard Hauptmann took place in a
ceremony chapel this afternoon in
the presence of his widow and his
attorney, C. Lloyd Fisher.
After the service, plans called for
cremation of the body at Fresh
Ponds, Queens. The ashes probably
will be taken to Germany even
tually.
NEW YORK, April 6 (A 3 ). — A
simple funeral service for Bruno
Richard Hauptmann took place in a
ceremony chapel this afternoon in
the presence of his widow and his
attorney, C. Lloyd Fisher.
After the service, plans called for
cremation of the body at Fresh
Ponds, Queens. The ashes probably
will be taken to Germany even
tually.
NEW YORK, April 6 (A 3 ). — A
simple funeral service for Bruno
Richard Hauptmann took place in a
ceremony chapel this afternoon in
the presence of his widow and his
attorney, C. Lloyd Fisher.
After the service, plans called for
cremation of the body at Fresh
Ponds, Queens. The ashes probably
will be taken to Germany even
tually.
NEW YORK, April 6 (A 3 ). — A
simple funeral service for Bruno
Richard Hauptmann took place in a
ceremony chapel this afternoon in
the presence of his widow and his
attorney, C. Lloyd Fisher.
After the service, plans called for
cremation of the body at Fresh
Ponds, Queens. The ashes probably
will be taken to Germany even
tually.
