# KIPLING ESTATE
## 
### 
LONDON, April 6 (/P). —Rudyard
Kipling was shown today by the
probate of his will to have left an
estate of i 155,228 ($775,000), gross
value. Tlie house and land at Bur
wash and the income from his resid
ual estate was left to his widow.

University of Cincinnati amateur
radio operators gave their assistance
in relaying Rod Cross messages dur
ing the recent flood.
LONDON, April 6 (/P). —Rudyard
Kipling was shown today by the
probate of his will to have left an
estate of i 155,228 ($775,000), gross
value. Tlie house and land at Bur
wash and the income from his resid
ual estate was left to his widow.

University of Cincinnati amateur
radio operators gave their assistance
in relaying Rod Cross messages dur
ing the recent flood.
LONDON, April 6 (/P). —Rudyard
Kipling was shown today by the
probate of his will to have left an
estate of i 155,228 ($775,000), gross
value. Tlie house and land at Bur
wash and the income from his resid
ual estate was left to his widow.

University of Cincinnati amateur
radio operators gave their assistance
in relaying Rod Cross messages dur
ing the recent flood.
LONDON, April 6 (/P). —Rudyard
Kipling was shown today by the
probate of his will to have left an
estate of i 155,228 ($775,000), gross
value. Tlie house and land at Bur
wash and the income from his resid
ual estate was left to his widow.

University of Cincinnati amateur
radio operators gave their assistance
in relaying Rod Cross messages dur
ing the recent flood.
LONDON, April 6 (/P). —Rudyard
Kipling was shown today by the
probate of his will to have left an
estate of i 155,228 ($775,000), gross
value. Tlie house and land at Bur
wash and the income from his resid
ual estate was left to his widow.

University of Cincinnati amateur
radio operators gave their assistance
in relaying Rod Cross messages dur
ing the recent flood.
LONDON, April 6 (/P). —Rudyard
Kipling was shown today by the
probate of his will to have left an
estate of i 155,228 ($775,000), gross
value. Tlie house and land at Bur
wash and the income from his resid
ual estate was left to his widow.

University of Cincinnati amateur
radio operators gave their assistance
in relaying Rod Cross messages dur
ing the recent flood.
LONDON, April 6 (/P). —Rudyard
Kipling was shown today by the
probate of his will to have left an
estate of i 155,228 ($775,000), gross
value. Tlie house and land at Bur
wash and the income from his resid
ual estate was left to his widow.

University of Cincinnati amateur
radio operators gave their assistance
in relaying Rod Cross messages dur
ing the recent flood.
LONDON, April 6 (/P). —Rudyard
Kipling was shown today by the
probate of his will to have left an
estate of i 155,228 ($775,000), gross
value. Tlie house and land at Bur
wash and the income from his resid
ual estate was left to his widow.

University of Cincinnati amateur
radio operators gave their assistance
in relaying Rod Cross messages dur
ing the recent flood.
LONDON, April 6 (/P). —Rudyard
Kipling was shown today by the
probate of his will to have left an
estate of i 155,228 ($775,000), gross
value. Tlie house and land at Bur
wash and the income from his resid
ual estate was left to his widow.

University of Cincinnati amateur
radio operators gave their assistance
in relaying Rod Cross messages dur
ing the recent flood.
LONDON, April 6 (/P). —Rudyard
Kipling was shown today by the
probate of his will to have left an
estate of i 155,228 ($775,000), gross
value. Tlie house and land at Bur
wash and the income from his resid
ual estate was left to his widow.

University of Cincinnati amateur
radio operators gave their assistance
in relaying Rod Cross messages dur
ing the recent flood.
LONDON, April 6 (/P). —Rudyard
Kipling was shown today by the
probate of his will to have left an
estate of i 155,228 ($775,000), gross
value. Tlie house and land at Bur
wash and the income from his resid
ual estate was left to his widow.

University of Cincinnati amateur
radio operators gave their assistance
in relaying Rod Cross messages dur
ing the recent flood.
LONDON, April 6 (/P). —Rudyard
Kipling was shown today by the
probate of his will to have left an
estate of i 155,228 ($775,000), gross
value. Tlie house and land at Bur
wash and the income from his resid
ual estate was left to his widow.

University of Cincinnati amateur
radio operators gave their assistance
in relaying Rod Cross messages dur
ing the recent flood.
LONDON, April 6 (/P). —Rudyard
Kipling was shown today by the
probate of his will to have left an
estate of i 155,228 ($775,000), gross
value. Tlie house and land at Bur
wash and the income from his resid
ual estate was left to his widow.

University of Cincinnati amateur
radio operators gave their assistance
in relaying Rod Cross messages dur
ing the recent flood.
LONDON, April 6 (/P). —Rudyard
Kipling was shown today by the
probate of his will to have left an
estate of i 155,228 ($775,000), gross
value. Tlie house and land at Bur
wash and the income from his resid
ual estate was left to his widow.

University of Cincinnati amateur
radio operators gave their assistance
in relaying Rod Cross messages dur
ing the recent flood.
LONDON, April 6 (/P). —Rudyard
Kipling was shown today by the
probate of his will to have left an
estate of i 155,228 ($775,000), gross
value. Tlie house and land at Bur
wash and the income from his resid
ual estate was left to his widow.

University of Cincinnati amateur
radio operators gave their assistance
in relaying Rod Cross messages dur
ing the recent flood.
LONDON, April 6 (/P). —Rudyard
Kipling was shown today by the
probate of his will to have left an
estate of i 155,228 ($775,000), gross
value. Tlie house and land at Bur
wash and the income from his resid
ual estate was left to his widow.

University of Cincinnati amateur
radio operators gave their assistance
in relaying Rod Cross messages dur
ing the recent flood.
