# Intramural Sports Deadline Set Today
## 
### 
Final deadline for entries in In
tramural horseshoes, playground
ball, and baseball will be reached
this afternoon at 5 o'clock, when
lists will come off the board in En
cina Gym.
Twenty teams have signed for
baseball, 2(> for horseshoes, and 28
for baseball. Competition in both
playground ball and horseshoes will
start Thursday. Baseball will be
delayed. Swimming and relays, re
maining spring quarter sports, will
j be run off in May.
Final deadline for entries in In
tramural horseshoes, playground
ball, and baseball will be reached
this afternoon at 5 o'clock, when
lists will come off the board in En
cina Gym.
Twenty teams have signed for
baseball, 2(> for horseshoes, and 28
for baseball. Competition in both
playground ball and horseshoes will
start Thursday. Baseball will be
delayed. Swimming and relays, re
maining spring quarter sports, will
j be run off in May.
Final deadline for entries in In
tramural horseshoes, playground
ball, and baseball will be reached
this afternoon at 5 o'clock, when
lists will come off the board in En
cina Gym.
Twenty teams have signed for
baseball, 2(> for horseshoes, and 28
for baseball. Competition in both
playground ball and horseshoes will
start Thursday. Baseball will be
delayed. Swimming and relays, re
maining spring quarter sports, will
j be run off in May.
Final deadline for entries in In
tramural horseshoes, playground
ball, and baseball will be reached
this afternoon at 5 o'clock, when
lists will come off the board in En
cina Gym.
Twenty teams have signed for
baseball, 2(> for horseshoes, and 28
for baseball. Competition in both
playground ball and horseshoes will
start Thursday. Baseball will be
delayed. Swimming and relays, re
maining spring quarter sports, will
j be run off in May.
Final deadline for entries in In
tramural horseshoes, playground
ball, and baseball will be reached
this afternoon at 5 o'clock, when
lists will come off the board in En
cina Gym.
Twenty teams have signed for
baseball, 2(> for horseshoes, and 28
for baseball. Competition in both
playground ball and horseshoes will
start Thursday. Baseball will be
delayed. Swimming and relays, re
maining spring quarter sports, will
j be run off in May.
Final deadline for entries in In
tramural horseshoes, playground
ball, and baseball will be reached
this afternoon at 5 o'clock, when
lists will come off the board in En
cina Gym.
Twenty teams have signed for
baseball, 2(> for horseshoes, and 28
for baseball. Competition in both
playground ball and horseshoes will
start Thursday. Baseball will be
delayed. Swimming and relays, re
maining spring quarter sports, will
j be run off in May.
Final deadline for entries in In
tramural horseshoes, playground
ball, and baseball will be reached
this afternoon at 5 o'clock, when
lists will come off the board in En
cina Gym.
Twenty teams have signed for
baseball, 2(> for horseshoes, and 28
for baseball. Competition in both
playground ball and horseshoes will
start Thursday. Baseball will be
delayed. Swimming and relays, re
maining spring quarter sports, will
j be run off in May.
Final deadline for entries in In
tramural horseshoes, playground
ball, and baseball will be reached
this afternoon at 5 o'clock, when
lists will come off the board in En
cina Gym.
Twenty teams have signed for
baseball, 2(> for horseshoes, and 28
for baseball. Competition in both
playground ball and horseshoes will
start Thursday. Baseball will be
delayed. Swimming and relays, re
maining spring quarter sports, will
j be run off in May.
Final deadline for entries in In
tramural horseshoes, playground
ball, and baseball will be reached
this afternoon at 5 o'clock, when
lists will come off the board in En
cina Gym.
Twenty teams have signed for
baseball, 2(> for horseshoes, and 28
for baseball. Competition in both
playground ball and horseshoes will
start Thursday. Baseball will be
delayed. Swimming and relays, re
maining spring quarter sports, will
j be run off in May.
Final deadline for entries in In
tramural horseshoes, playground
ball, and baseball will be reached
this afternoon at 5 o'clock, when
lists will come off the board in En
cina Gym.
Twenty teams have signed for
baseball, 2(> for horseshoes, and 28
for baseball. Competition in both
playground ball and horseshoes will
start Thursday. Baseball will be
delayed. Swimming and relays, re
maining spring quarter sports, will
j be run off in May.
Final deadline for entries in In
tramural horseshoes, playground
ball, and baseball will be reached
this afternoon at 5 o'clock, when
lists will come off the board in En
cina Gym.
Twenty teams have signed for
baseball, 2(> for horseshoes, and 28
for baseball. Competition in both
playground ball and horseshoes will
start Thursday. Baseball will be
delayed. Swimming and relays, re
maining spring quarter sports, will
j be run off in May.
Final deadline for entries in In
tramural horseshoes, playground
ball, and baseball will be reached
this afternoon at 5 o'clock, when
lists will come off the board in En
cina Gym.
Twenty teams have signed for
baseball, 2(> for horseshoes, and 28
for baseball. Competition in both
playground ball and horseshoes will
start Thursday. Baseball will be
delayed. Swimming and relays, re
maining spring quarter sports, will
j be run off in May.
Final deadline for entries in In
tramural horseshoes, playground
ball, and baseball will be reached
this afternoon at 5 o'clock, when
lists will come off the board in En
cina Gym.
Twenty teams have signed for
baseball, 2(> for horseshoes, and 28
for baseball. Competition in both
playground ball and horseshoes will
start Thursday. Baseball will be
delayed. Swimming and relays, re
maining spring quarter sports, will
j be run off in May.
Final deadline for entries in In
tramural horseshoes, playground
ball, and baseball will be reached
this afternoon at 5 o'clock, when
lists will come off the board in En
cina Gym.
Twenty teams have signed for
baseball, 2(> for horseshoes, and 28
for baseball. Competition in both
playground ball and horseshoes will
start Thursday. Baseball will be
delayed. Swimming and relays, re
maining spring quarter sports, will
j be run off in May.
Final deadline for entries in In
tramural horseshoes, playground
ball, and baseball will be reached
this afternoon at 5 o'clock, when
lists will come off the board in En
cina Gym.
Twenty teams have signed for
baseball, 2(> for horseshoes, and 28
for baseball. Competition in both
playground ball and horseshoes will
start Thursday. Baseball will be
delayed. Swimming and relays, re
maining spring quarter sports, will
j be run off in May.
Final deadline for entries in In
tramural horseshoes, playground
ball, and baseball will be reached
this afternoon at 5 o'clock, when
lists will come off the board in En
cina Gym.
Twenty teams have signed for
baseball, 2(> for horseshoes, and 28
for baseball. Competition in both
playground ball and horseshoes will
start Thursday. Baseball will be
delayed. Swimming and relays, re
maining spring quarter sports, will
j be run off in May.
