# Dixie Scores in Another Game
## 
### 

DIXIE HOWELL, former Alabama football star whose brilliant
running and passing spoiled defeat for the Indians in the 1935
Rose Bowl game, is shown making a run for the Portland Beavers
in a Coast League game with the San Francisco Missions. He plays
left field. (A.P. Photo)

DIXIE HOWELL, former Alabama football star whose brilliant
running and passing spoiled defeat for the Indians in the 1935
Rose Bowl game, is shown making a run for the Portland Beavers
in a Coast League game with the San Francisco Missions. He plays
left field. (A.P. Photo)

DIXIE HOWELL, former Alabama football star whose brilliant
running and passing spoiled defeat for the Indians in the 1935
Rose Bowl game, is shown making a run for the Portland Beavers
in a Coast League game with the San Francisco Missions. He plays
left field. (A.P. Photo)

DIXIE HOWELL, former Alabama football star whose brilliant
running and passing spoiled defeat for the Indians in the 1935
Rose Bowl game, is shown making a run for the Portland Beavers
in a Coast League game with the San Francisco Missions. He plays
left field. (A.P. Photo)

DIXIE HOWELL, former Alabama football star whose brilliant
running and passing spoiled defeat for the Indians in the 1935
Rose Bowl game, is shown making a run for the Portland Beavers
in a Coast League game with the San Francisco Missions. He plays
left field. (A.P. Photo)

DIXIE HOWELL, former Alabama football star whose brilliant
running and passing spoiled defeat for the Indians in the 1935
Rose Bowl game, is shown making a run for the Portland Beavers
in a Coast League game with the San Francisco Missions. He plays
left field. (A.P. Photo)

DIXIE HOWELL, former Alabama football star whose brilliant
running and passing spoiled defeat for the Indians in the 1935
Rose Bowl game, is shown making a run for the Portland Beavers
in a Coast League game with the San Francisco Missions. He plays
left field. (A.P. Photo)

DIXIE HOWELL, former Alabama football star whose brilliant
running and passing spoiled defeat for the Indians in the 1935
Rose Bowl game, is shown making a run for the Portland Beavers
in a Coast League game with the San Francisco Missions. He plays
left field. (A.P. Photo)

DIXIE HOWELL, former Alabama football star whose brilliant
running and passing spoiled defeat for the Indians in the 1935
Rose Bowl game, is shown making a run for the Portland Beavers
in a Coast League game with the San Francisco Missions. He plays
left field. (A.P. Photo)

DIXIE HOWELL, former Alabama football star whose brilliant
running and passing spoiled defeat for the Indians in the 1935
Rose Bowl game, is shown making a run for the Portland Beavers
in a Coast League game with the San Francisco Missions. He plays
left field. (A.P. Photo)

DIXIE HOWELL, former Alabama football star whose brilliant
running and passing spoiled defeat for the Indians in the 1935
Rose Bowl game, is shown making a run for the Portland Beavers
in a Coast League game with the San Francisco Missions. He plays
left field. (A.P. Photo)

DIXIE HOWELL, former Alabama football star whose brilliant
running and passing spoiled defeat for the Indians in the 1935
Rose Bowl game, is shown making a run for the Portland Beavers
in a Coast League game with the San Francisco Missions. He plays
left field. (A.P. Photo)

DIXIE HOWELL, former Alabama football star whose brilliant
running and passing spoiled defeat for the Indians in the 1935
Rose Bowl game, is shown making a run for the Portland Beavers
in a Coast League game with the San Francisco Missions. He plays
left field. (A.P. Photo)

DIXIE HOWELL, former Alabama football star whose brilliant
running and passing spoiled defeat for the Indians in the 1935
Rose Bowl game, is shown making a run for the Portland Beavers
in a Coast League game with the San Francisco Missions. He plays
left field. (A.P. Photo)

DIXIE HOWELL, former Alabama football star whose brilliant
running and passing spoiled defeat for the Indians in the 1935
Rose Bowl game, is shown making a run for the Portland Beavers
in a Coast League game with the San Francisco Missions. He plays
left field. (A.P. Photo)

DIXIE HOWELL, former Alabama football star whose brilliant
running and passing spoiled defeat for the Indians in the 1935
Rose Bowl game, is shown making a run for the Portland Beavers
in a Coast League game with the San Francisco Missions. He plays
left field. (A.P. Photo)
