# 3621 Register, 177 More Than Last Spring
## 
### 
Wjth 3621 students registered,
spring quarter enrollment is prac
tically complete, according to Miss
Miriam F. Remele, secretary to the
Registrar.
This figure, which sets a new rec
ord for spring quarter registration,
eclipses last year's enrollment by
177. A total of 1055 women have
registered.
Wjth 3621 students registered,
spring quarter enrollment is prac
tically complete, according to Miss
Miriam F. Remele, secretary to the
Registrar.
This figure, which sets a new rec
ord for spring quarter registration,
eclipses last year's enrollment by
177. A total of 1055 women have
registered.
Wjth 3621 students registered,
spring quarter enrollment is prac
tically complete, according to Miss
Miriam F. Remele, secretary to the
Registrar.
This figure, which sets a new rec
ord for spring quarter registration,
eclipses last year's enrollment by
177. A total of 1055 women have
registered.
Wjth 3621 students registered,
spring quarter enrollment is prac
tically complete, according to Miss
Miriam F. Remele, secretary to the
Registrar.
This figure, which sets a new rec
ord for spring quarter registration,
eclipses last year's enrollment by
177. A total of 1055 women have
registered.
Wjth 3621 students registered,
spring quarter enrollment is prac
tically complete, according to Miss
Miriam F. Remele, secretary to the
Registrar.
This figure, which sets a new rec
ord for spring quarter registration,
eclipses last year's enrollment by
177. A total of 1055 women have
registered.
Wjth 3621 students registered,
spring quarter enrollment is prac
tically complete, according to Miss
Miriam F. Remele, secretary to the
Registrar.
This figure, which sets a new rec
ord for spring quarter registration,
eclipses last year's enrollment by
177. A total of 1055 women have
registered.
Wjth 3621 students registered,
spring quarter enrollment is prac
tically complete, according to Miss
Miriam F. Remele, secretary to the
Registrar.
This figure, which sets a new rec
ord for spring quarter registration,
eclipses last year's enrollment by
177. A total of 1055 women have
registered.
Wjth 3621 students registered,
spring quarter enrollment is prac
tically complete, according to Miss
Miriam F. Remele, secretary to the
Registrar.
This figure, which sets a new rec
ord for spring quarter registration,
eclipses last year's enrollment by
177. A total of 1055 women have
registered.
Wjth 3621 students registered,
spring quarter enrollment is prac
tically complete, according to Miss
Miriam F. Remele, secretary to the
Registrar.
This figure, which sets a new rec
ord for spring quarter registration,
eclipses last year's enrollment by
177. A total of 1055 women have
registered.
Wjth 3621 students registered,
spring quarter enrollment is prac
tically complete, according to Miss
Miriam F. Remele, secretary to the
Registrar.
This figure, which sets a new rec
ord for spring quarter registration,
eclipses last year's enrollment by
177. A total of 1055 women have
registered.
Wjth 3621 students registered,
spring quarter enrollment is prac
tically complete, according to Miss
Miriam F. Remele, secretary to the
Registrar.
This figure, which sets a new rec
ord for spring quarter registration,
eclipses last year's enrollment by
177. A total of 1055 women have
registered.
Wjth 3621 students registered,
spring quarter enrollment is prac
tically complete, according to Miss
Miriam F. Remele, secretary to the
Registrar.
This figure, which sets a new rec
ord for spring quarter registration,
eclipses last year's enrollment by
177. A total of 1055 women have
registered.
Wjth 3621 students registered,
spring quarter enrollment is prac
tically complete, according to Miss
Miriam F. Remele, secretary to the
Registrar.
This figure, which sets a new rec
ord for spring quarter registration,
eclipses last year's enrollment by
177. A total of 1055 women have
registered.
Wjth 3621 students registered,
spring quarter enrollment is prac
tically complete, according to Miss
Miriam F. Remele, secretary to the
Registrar.
This figure, which sets a new rec
ord for spring quarter registration,
eclipses last year's enrollment by
177. A total of 1055 women have
registered.
Wjth 3621 students registered,
spring quarter enrollment is prac
tically complete, according to Miss
Miriam F. Remele, secretary to the
Registrar.
This figure, which sets a new rec
ord for spring quarter registration,
eclipses last year's enrollment by
177. A total of 1055 women have
registered.
Wjth 3621 students registered,
spring quarter enrollment is prac
tically complete, according to Miss
Miriam F. Remele, secretary to the
Registrar.
This figure, which sets a new rec
ord for spring quarter registration,
eclipses last year's enrollment by
177. A total of 1055 women have
registered.
