# CAMPUS OPINION
## WE'RE POOR CLUBMEN 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
Mr. Mellinkoff deplores the fact
that the American system misfits our
youth for participation on those
high-minded and humanitarian civic
activities known as the Chamber of
Commerce and Rotarv International.
As I look around me I am much re
assured about the future of both.
Our so-called "system" of Ameri
can education, if it does anything
else, turns out products with just
sufficiently vague and fatuous ideas
ihat they can gather 'round, sing
"For He's a Jolly Good Fellow," and
exchange views on politics and .so
cial problems, the imbecility oi
which would nauseate an educated
man.
Our pretty little country club sit
uated in the beautiful Sunta Clara
valley (10 golf courses within 10
miles) turns out not 10 graduates in
a hundred who could not qualify for
membership in the Podunk Rotary
Club. They have all the lack of
originality, the garbled economics,
the vague sociology, the intellectual
sterility, the pump-handle hand
shake, the instinctive, unthinking,
puerile, driveling optimism to make
them members under any "classifica
tion" save intelligent.
No, Mr. Mellirikoff, if the Ameri
can system is to be attacked as not
preparing for this distinctive fea
ture of American life, God help the
attackers! —A. F. Wright
The Editor, Sir:
Mr. Mellinkoff deplores the fact
that the American system misfits our
youth for participation on those
high-minded and humanitarian civic
activities known as the Chamber of
Commerce and Rotarv International.
As I look around me I am much re
assured about the future of both.
Our so-called "system" of Ameri
can education, if it does anything
else, turns out products with just
sufficiently vague and fatuous ideas
ihat they can gather 'round, sing
"For He's a Jolly Good Fellow," and
exchange views on politics and .so
cial problems, the imbecility oi
which would nauseate an educated
man.
Our pretty little country club sit
uated in the beautiful Sunta Clara
valley (10 golf courses within 10
miles) turns out not 10 graduates in
a hundred who could not qualify for
membership in the Podunk Rotary
Club. They have all the lack of
originality, the garbled economics,
the vague sociology, the intellectual
sterility, the pump-handle hand
shake, the instinctive, unthinking,
puerile, driveling optimism to make
them members under any "classifica
tion" save intelligent.
No, Mr. Mellirikoff, if the Ameri
can system is to be attacked as not
preparing for this distinctive fea
ture of American life, God help the
attackers! —A. F. Wright
The Editor, Sir:
Mr. Mellinkoff deplores the fact
that the American system misfits our
youth for participation on those
high-minded and humanitarian civic
activities known as the Chamber of
Commerce and Rotarv International.
As I look around me I am much re
assured about the future of both.
Our so-called "system" of Ameri
can education, if it does anything
else, turns out products with just
sufficiently vague and fatuous ideas
ihat they can gather 'round, sing
"For He's a Jolly Good Fellow," and
exchange views on politics and .so
cial problems, the imbecility oi
which would nauseate an educated
man.
Our pretty little country club sit
uated in the beautiful Sunta Clara
valley (10 golf courses within 10
miles) turns out not 10 graduates in
a hundred who could not qualify for
membership in the Podunk Rotary
Club. They have all the lack of
originality, the garbled economics,
the vague sociology, the intellectual
sterility, the pump-handle hand
shake, the instinctive, unthinking,
puerile, driveling optimism to make
them members under any "classifica
tion" save intelligent.
No, Mr. Mellirikoff, if the Ameri
can system is to be attacked as not
preparing for this distinctive fea
ture of American life, God help the
attackers! —A. F. Wright
The Editor, Sir:
Mr. Mellinkoff deplores the fact
that the American system misfits our
youth for participation on those
high-minded and humanitarian civic
activities known as the Chamber of
Commerce and Rotarv International.
As I look around me I am much re
assured about the future of both.
Our so-called "system" of Ameri
can education, if it does anything
else, turns out products with just
sufficiently vague and fatuous ideas
ihat they can gather 'round, sing
"For He's a Jolly Good Fellow," and
exchange views on politics and .so
cial problems, the imbecility oi
which would nauseate an educated
man.
Our pretty little country club sit
uated in the beautiful Sunta Clara
valley (10 golf courses within 10
miles) turns out not 10 graduates in
a hundred who could not qualify for
membership in the Podunk Rotary
Club. They have all the lack of
originality, the garbled economics,
the vague sociology, the intellectual
sterility, the pump-handle hand
shake, the instinctive, unthinking,
puerile, driveling optimism to make
them members under any "classifica
tion" save intelligent.
No, Mr. Mellirikoff, if the Ameri
can system is to be attacked as not
preparing for this distinctive fea
ture of American life, God help the
attackers! —A. F. Wright
The Editor, Sir:
Mr. Mellinkoff deplores the fact
that the American system misfits our
youth for participation on those
high-minded and humanitarian civic
activities known as the Chamber of
Commerce and Rotarv International.
As I look around me I am much re
assured about the future of both.
Our so-called "system" of Ameri
can education, if it does anything
else, turns out products with just
sufficiently vague and fatuous ideas
ihat they can gather 'round, sing
"For He's a Jolly Good Fellow," and
exchange views on politics and .so
cial problems, the imbecility oi
which would nauseate an educated
man.
Our pretty little country club sit
uated in the beautiful Sunta Clara
valley (10 golf courses within 10
miles) turns out not 10 graduates in
a hundred who could not qualify for
membership in the Podunk Rotary
Club. They have all the lack of
originality, the garbled economics,
the vague sociology, the intellectual
sterility, the pump-handle hand
shake, the instinctive, unthinking,
puerile, driveling optimism to make
them members under any "classifica
tion" save intelligent.
No, Mr. Mellirikoff, if the Ameri
can system is to be attacked as not
preparing for this distinctive fea
ture of American life, God help the
attackers! —A. F. Wright
The Editor, Sir:
Mr. Mellinkoff deplores the fact
that the American system misfits our
youth for participation on those
high-minded and humanitarian civic
activities known as the Chamber of
Commerce and Rotarv International.
As I look around me I am much re
assured about the future of both.
Our so-called "system" of Ameri
can education, if it does anything
else, turns out products with just
sufficiently vague and fatuous ideas
ihat they can gather 'round, sing
"For He's a Jolly Good Fellow," and
exchange views on politics and .so
cial problems, the imbecility oi
which would nauseate an educated
man.
Our pretty little country club sit
uated in the beautiful Sunta Clara
valley (10 golf courses within 10
miles) turns out not 10 graduates in
a hundred who could not qualify for
membership in the Podunk Rotary
Club. They have all the lack of
originality, the garbled economics,
the vague sociology, the intellectual
sterility, the pump-handle hand
shake, the instinctive, unthinking,
puerile, driveling optimism to make
them members under any "classifica
tion" save intelligent.
No, Mr. Mellirikoff, if the Ameri
can system is to be attacked as not
preparing for this distinctive fea
ture of American life, God help the
attackers! —A. F. Wright
The Editor, Sir:
Mr. Mellinkoff deplores the fact
that the American system misfits our
youth for participation on those
high-minded and humanitarian civic
activities known as the Chamber of
Commerce and Rotarv International.
As I look around me I am much re
assured about the future of both.
Our so-called "system" of Ameri
can education, if it does anything
else, turns out products with just
sufficiently vague and fatuous ideas
ihat they can gather 'round, sing
"For He's a Jolly Good Fellow," and
exchange views on politics and .so
cial problems, the imbecility oi
which would nauseate an educated
man.
Our pretty little country club sit
uated in the beautiful Sunta Clara
valley (10 golf courses within 10
miles) turns out not 10 graduates in
a hundred who could not qualify for
membership in the Podunk Rotary
Club. They have all the lack of
originality, the garbled economics,
the vague sociology, the intellectual
sterility, the pump-handle hand
shake, the instinctive, unthinking,
puerile, driveling optimism to make
them members under any "classifica
tion" save intelligent.
No, Mr. Mellirikoff, if the Ameri
can system is to be attacked as not
preparing for this distinctive fea
ture of American life, God help the
attackers! —A. F. Wright
The Editor, Sir:
Mr. Mellinkoff deplores the fact
that the American system misfits our
youth for participation on those
high-minded and humanitarian civic
activities known as the Chamber of
Commerce and Rotarv International.
As I look around me I am much re
assured about the future of both.
Our so-called "system" of Ameri
can education, if it does anything
else, turns out products with just
sufficiently vague and fatuous ideas
ihat they can gather 'round, sing
"For He's a Jolly Good Fellow," and
exchange views on politics and .so
cial problems, the imbecility oi
which would nauseate an educated
man.
Our pretty little country club sit
uated in the beautiful Sunta Clara
valley (10 golf courses within 10
miles) turns out not 10 graduates in
a hundred who could not qualify for
membership in the Podunk Rotary
Club. They have all the lack of
originality, the garbled economics,
the vague sociology, the intellectual
sterility, the pump-handle hand
shake, the instinctive, unthinking,
puerile, driveling optimism to make
them members under any "classifica
tion" save intelligent.
No, Mr. Mellirikoff, if the Ameri
can system is to be attacked as not
preparing for this distinctive fea
ture of American life, God help the
attackers! —A. F. Wright
The Editor, Sir:
Mr. Mellinkoff deplores the fact
that the American system misfits our
youth for participation on those
high-minded and humanitarian civic
activities known as the Chamber of
Commerce and Rotarv International.
As I look around me I am much re
assured about the future of both.
Our so-called "system" of Ameri
can education, if it does anything
else, turns out products with just
sufficiently vague and fatuous ideas
ihat they can gather 'round, sing
"For He's a Jolly Good Fellow," and
exchange views on politics and .so
cial problems, the imbecility oi
which would nauseate an educated
man.
Our pretty little country club sit
uated in the beautiful Sunta Clara
valley (10 golf courses within 10
miles) turns out not 10 graduates in
a hundred who could not qualify for
membership in the Podunk Rotary
Club. They have all the lack of
originality, the garbled economics,
the vague sociology, the intellectual
sterility, the pump-handle hand
shake, the instinctive, unthinking,
puerile, driveling optimism to make
them members under any "classifica
tion" save intelligent.
No, Mr. Mellirikoff, if the Ameri
can system is to be attacked as not
preparing for this distinctive fea
ture of American life, God help the
attackers! —A. F. Wright
The Editor, Sir:
Mr. Mellinkoff deplores the fact
that the American system misfits our
youth for participation on those
high-minded and humanitarian civic
activities known as the Chamber of
Commerce and Rotarv International.
As I look around me I am much re
assured about the future of both.
Our so-called "system" of Ameri
can education, if it does anything
else, turns out products with just
sufficiently vague and fatuous ideas
ihat they can gather 'round, sing
"For He's a Jolly Good Fellow," and
exchange views on politics and .so
cial problems, the imbecility oi
which would nauseate an educated
man.
Our pretty little country club sit
uated in the beautiful Sunta Clara
valley (10 golf courses within 10
miles) turns out not 10 graduates in
a hundred who could not qualify for
membership in the Podunk Rotary
Club. They have all the lack of
originality, the garbled economics,
the vague sociology, the intellectual
sterility, the pump-handle hand
shake, the instinctive, unthinking,
puerile, driveling optimism to make
them members under any "classifica
tion" save intelligent.
No, Mr. Mellirikoff, if the Ameri
can system is to be attacked as not
preparing for this distinctive fea
ture of American life, God help the
attackers! —A. F. Wright
The Editor, Sir:
Mr. Mellinkoff deplores the fact
that the American system misfits our
youth for participation on those
high-minded and humanitarian civic
activities known as the Chamber of
Commerce and Rotarv International.
As I look around me I am much re
assured about the future of both.
Our so-called "system" of Ameri
can education, if it does anything
else, turns out products with just
sufficiently vague and fatuous ideas
ihat they can gather 'round, sing
"For He's a Jolly Good Fellow," and
exchange views on politics and .so
cial problems, the imbecility oi
which would nauseate an educated
man.
Our pretty little country club sit
uated in the beautiful Sunta Clara
valley (10 golf courses within 10
miles) turns out not 10 graduates in
a hundred who could not qualify for
membership in the Podunk Rotary
Club. They have all the lack of
originality, the garbled economics,
the vague sociology, the intellectual
sterility, the pump-handle hand
shake, the instinctive, unthinking,
puerile, driveling optimism to make
them members under any "classifica
tion" save intelligent.
No, Mr. Mellirikoff, if the Ameri
can system is to be attacked as not
preparing for this distinctive fea
ture of American life, God help the
attackers! —A. F. Wright
The Editor, Sir:
Mr. Mellinkoff deplores the fact
that the American system misfits our
youth for participation on those
high-minded and humanitarian civic
activities known as the Chamber of
Commerce and Rotarv International.
As I look around me I am much re
assured about the future of both.
Our so-called "system" of Ameri
can education, if it does anything
else, turns out products with just
sufficiently vague and fatuous ideas
ihat they can gather 'round, sing
"For He's a Jolly Good Fellow," and
exchange views on politics and .so
cial problems, the imbecility oi
which would nauseate an educated
man.
Our pretty little country club sit
uated in the beautiful Sunta Clara
valley (10 golf courses within 10
miles) turns out not 10 graduates in
a hundred who could not qualify for
membership in the Podunk Rotary
Club. They have all the lack of
originality, the garbled economics,
the vague sociology, the intellectual
sterility, the pump-handle hand
shake, the instinctive, unthinking,
puerile, driveling optimism to make
them members under any "classifica
tion" save intelligent.
No, Mr. Mellirikoff, if the Ameri
can system is to be attacked as not
preparing for this distinctive fea
ture of American life, God help the
attackers! —A. F. Wright
The Editor, Sir:
Mr. Mellinkoff deplores the fact
that the American system misfits our
youth for participation on those
high-minded and humanitarian civic
activities known as the Chamber of
Commerce and Rotarv International.
As I look around me I am much re
assured about the future of both.
Our so-called "system" of Ameri
can education, if it does anything
else, turns out products with just
sufficiently vague and fatuous ideas
ihat they can gather 'round, sing
"For He's a Jolly Good Fellow," and
exchange views on politics and .so
cial problems, the imbecility oi
which would nauseate an educated
man.
Our pretty little country club sit
uated in the beautiful Sunta Clara
valley (10 golf courses within 10
miles) turns out not 10 graduates in
a hundred who could not qualify for
membership in the Podunk Rotary
Club. They have all the lack of
originality, the garbled economics,
the vague sociology, the intellectual
sterility, the pump-handle hand
shake, the instinctive, unthinking,
puerile, driveling optimism to make
them members under any "classifica
tion" save intelligent.
No, Mr. Mellirikoff, if the Ameri
can system is to be attacked as not
preparing for this distinctive fea
ture of American life, God help the
attackers! —A. F. Wright
The Editor, Sir:
Mr. Mellinkoff deplores the fact
that the American system misfits our
youth for participation on those
high-minded and humanitarian civic
activities known as the Chamber of
Commerce and Rotarv International.
As I look around me I am much re
assured about the future of both.
Our so-called "system" of Ameri
can education, if it does anything
else, turns out products with just
sufficiently vague and fatuous ideas
ihat they can gather 'round, sing
"For He's a Jolly Good Fellow," and
exchange views on politics and .so
cial problems, the imbecility oi
which would nauseate an educated
man.
Our pretty little country club sit
uated in the beautiful Sunta Clara
valley (10 golf courses within 10
miles) turns out not 10 graduates in
a hundred who could not qualify for
membership in the Podunk Rotary
Club. They have all the lack of
originality, the garbled economics,
the vague sociology, the intellectual
sterility, the pump-handle hand
shake, the instinctive, unthinking,
puerile, driveling optimism to make
them members under any "classifica
tion" save intelligent.
No, Mr. Mellirikoff, if the Ameri
can system is to be attacked as not
preparing for this distinctive fea
ture of American life, God help the
attackers! —A. F. Wright
The Editor, Sir:
Mr. Mellinkoff deplores the fact
that the American system misfits our
youth for participation on those
high-minded and humanitarian civic
activities known as the Chamber of
Commerce and Rotarv International.
As I look around me I am much re
assured about the future of both.
Our so-called "system" of Ameri
can education, if it does anything
else, turns out products with just
sufficiently vague and fatuous ideas
ihat they can gather 'round, sing
"For He's a Jolly Good Fellow," and
exchange views on politics and .so
cial problems, the imbecility oi
which would nauseate an educated
man.
Our pretty little country club sit
uated in the beautiful Sunta Clara
valley (10 golf courses within 10
miles) turns out not 10 graduates in
a hundred who could not qualify for
membership in the Podunk Rotary
Club. They have all the lack of
originality, the garbled economics,
the vague sociology, the intellectual
sterility, the pump-handle hand
shake, the instinctive, unthinking,
puerile, driveling optimism to make
them members under any "classifica
tion" save intelligent.
No, Mr. Mellirikoff, if the Ameri
can system is to be attacked as not
preparing for this distinctive fea
ture of American life, God help the
attackers! —A. F. Wright
