# AWAITS ROBLES CLUE
## 
### 
TUCSON. Ariz., May 21 (/P). —Au-
thorities were awaiting a final report
from G. L. Rengert, fingerprint ex
pert, in hopes of gleaning corrobo
ration of clues which may aid in
solution of the kidnaping of June
Robles.
TUCSON. Ariz., May 21 (/P). —Au-
thorities were awaiting a final report
from G. L. Rengert, fingerprint ex
pert, in hopes of gleaning corrobo
ration of clues which may aid in
solution of the kidnaping of June
Robles.
TUCSON. Ariz., May 21 (/P). —Au-
thorities were awaiting a final report
from G. L. Rengert, fingerprint ex
pert, in hopes of gleaning corrobo
ration of clues which may aid in
solution of the kidnaping of June
Robles.
TUCSON. Ariz., May 21 (/P). —Au-
thorities were awaiting a final report
from G. L. Rengert, fingerprint ex
pert, in hopes of gleaning corrobo
ration of clues which may aid in
solution of the kidnaping of June
Robles.
TUCSON. Ariz., May 21 (/P). —Au-
thorities were awaiting a final report
from G. L. Rengert, fingerprint ex
pert, in hopes of gleaning corrobo
ration of clues which may aid in
solution of the kidnaping of June
Robles.
TUCSON. Ariz., May 21 (/P). —Au-
thorities were awaiting a final report
from G. L. Rengert, fingerprint ex
pert, in hopes of gleaning corrobo
ration of clues which may aid in
solution of the kidnaping of June
Robles.
TUCSON. Ariz., May 21 (/P). —Au-
thorities were awaiting a final report
from G. L. Rengert, fingerprint ex
pert, in hopes of gleaning corrobo
ration of clues which may aid in
solution of the kidnaping of June
Robles.
TUCSON. Ariz., May 21 (/P). —Au-
thorities were awaiting a final report
from G. L. Rengert, fingerprint ex
pert, in hopes of gleaning corrobo
ration of clues which may aid in
solution of the kidnaping of June
Robles.
TUCSON. Ariz., May 21 (/P). —Au-
thorities were awaiting a final report
from G. L. Rengert, fingerprint ex
pert, in hopes of gleaning corrobo
ration of clues which may aid in
solution of the kidnaping of June
Robles.
TUCSON. Ariz., May 21 (/P). —Au-
thorities were awaiting a final report
from G. L. Rengert, fingerprint ex
pert, in hopes of gleaning corrobo
ration of clues which may aid in
solution of the kidnaping of June
Robles.
TUCSON. Ariz., May 21 (/P). —Au-
thorities were awaiting a final report
from G. L. Rengert, fingerprint ex
pert, in hopes of gleaning corrobo
ration of clues which may aid in
solution of the kidnaping of June
Robles.
TUCSON. Ariz., May 21 (/P). —Au-
thorities were awaiting a final report
from G. L. Rengert, fingerprint ex
pert, in hopes of gleaning corrobo
ration of clues which may aid in
solution of the kidnaping of June
Robles.
TUCSON. Ariz., May 21 (/P). —Au-
thorities were awaiting a final report
from G. L. Rengert, fingerprint ex
pert, in hopes of gleaning corrobo
ration of clues which may aid in
solution of the kidnaping of June
Robles.
TUCSON. Ariz., May 21 (/P). —Au-
thorities were awaiting a final report
from G. L. Rengert, fingerprint ex
pert, in hopes of gleaning corrobo
ration of clues which may aid in
solution of the kidnaping of June
Robles.
TUCSON. Ariz., May 21 (/P). —Au-
thorities were awaiting a final report
from G. L. Rengert, fingerprint ex
pert, in hopes of gleaning corrobo
ration of clues which may aid in
solution of the kidnaping of June
Robles.
