# NEWS BRIEFS
## STRIKERS AWAIT PARLEY 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, May 21 (/P).—
Deadlocked strikers and employers
waited today while the mediation
board appealed to Joseph P. Ryan,
president of the International Long
shoremen's Association, to help
carry on peace negotiations. Mean
while new violence occurred at Oak
land and two more strikes loomed in
Seattle.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 21 (/P).—
Deadlocked strikers and employers
waited today while the mediation
board appealed to Joseph P. Ryan,
president of the International Long
shoremen's Association, to help
carry on peace negotiations. Mean
while new violence occurred at Oak
land and two more strikes loomed in
Seattle.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 21 (/P).—
Deadlocked strikers and employers
waited today while the mediation
board appealed to Joseph P. Ryan,
president of the International Long
shoremen's Association, to help
carry on peace negotiations. Mean
while new violence occurred at Oak
land and two more strikes loomed in
Seattle.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 21 (/P).—
Deadlocked strikers and employers
waited today while the mediation
board appealed to Joseph P. Ryan,
president of the International Long
shoremen's Association, to help
carry on peace negotiations. Mean
while new violence occurred at Oak
land and two more strikes loomed in
Seattle.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 21 (/P).—
Deadlocked strikers and employers
waited today while the mediation
board appealed to Joseph P. Ryan,
president of the International Long
shoremen's Association, to help
carry on peace negotiations. Mean
while new violence occurred at Oak
land and two more strikes loomed in
Seattle.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 21 (/P).—
Deadlocked strikers and employers
waited today while the mediation
board appealed to Joseph P. Ryan,
president of the International Long
shoremen's Association, to help
carry on peace negotiations. Mean
while new violence occurred at Oak
land and two more strikes loomed in
Seattle.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 21 (/P).—
Deadlocked strikers and employers
waited today while the mediation
board appealed to Joseph P. Ryan,
president of the International Long
shoremen's Association, to help
carry on peace negotiations. Mean
while new violence occurred at Oak
land and two more strikes loomed in
Seattle.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 21 (/P).—
Deadlocked strikers and employers
waited today while the mediation
board appealed to Joseph P. Ryan,
president of the International Long
shoremen's Association, to help
carry on peace negotiations. Mean
while new violence occurred at Oak
land and two more strikes loomed in
Seattle.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 21 (/P).—
Deadlocked strikers and employers
waited today while the mediation
board appealed to Joseph P. Ryan,
president of the International Long
shoremen's Association, to help
carry on peace negotiations. Mean
while new violence occurred at Oak
land and two more strikes loomed in
Seattle.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 21 (/P).—
Deadlocked strikers and employers
waited today while the mediation
board appealed to Joseph P. Ryan,
president of the International Long
shoremen's Association, to help
carry on peace negotiations. Mean
while new violence occurred at Oak
land and two more strikes loomed in
Seattle.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 21 (/P).—
Deadlocked strikers and employers
waited today while the mediation
board appealed to Joseph P. Ryan,
president of the International Long
shoremen's Association, to help
carry on peace negotiations. Mean
while new violence occurred at Oak
land and two more strikes loomed in
Seattle.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 21 (/P).—
Deadlocked strikers and employers
waited today while the mediation
board appealed to Joseph P. Ryan,
president of the International Long
shoremen's Association, to help
carry on peace negotiations. Mean
while new violence occurred at Oak
land and two more strikes loomed in
Seattle.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 21 (/P).—
Deadlocked strikers and employers
waited today while the mediation
board appealed to Joseph P. Ryan,
president of the International Long
shoremen's Association, to help
carry on peace negotiations. Mean
while new violence occurred at Oak
land and two more strikes loomed in
Seattle.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 21 (/P).—
Deadlocked strikers and employers
waited today while the mediation
board appealed to Joseph P. Ryan,
president of the International Long
shoremen's Association, to help
carry on peace negotiations. Mean
while new violence occurred at Oak
land and two more strikes loomed in
Seattle.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 21 (/P).—
Deadlocked strikers and employers
waited today while the mediation
board appealed to Joseph P. Ryan,
president of the International Long
shoremen's Association, to help
carry on peace negotiations. Mean
while new violence occurred at Oak
land and two more strikes loomed in
Seattle.
