# BOMB AUSTRIAN RESORT
## 
### 
VIENNA!! May 21 (/Pi.—Bal Ischl,
Austria's most fashionable .spa, was
rocked today by a bomb explosion,
which destroyed "Prince Hall."
VIENNA!! May 21 (/Pi.—Bal Ischl,
Austria's most fashionable .spa, was
rocked today by a bomb explosion,
which destroyed "Prince Hall."
VIENNA!! May 21 (/Pi.—Bal Ischl,
Austria's most fashionable .spa, was
rocked today by a bomb explosion,
which destroyed "Prince Hall."
VIENNA!! May 21 (/Pi.—Bal Ischl,
Austria's most fashionable .spa, was
rocked today by a bomb explosion,
which destroyed "Prince Hall."
VIENNA!! May 21 (/Pi.—Bal Ischl,
Austria's most fashionable .spa, was
rocked today by a bomb explosion,
which destroyed "Prince Hall."
VIENNA!! May 21 (/Pi.—Bal Ischl,
Austria's most fashionable .spa, was
rocked today by a bomb explosion,
which destroyed "Prince Hall."
VIENNA!! May 21 (/Pi.—Bal Ischl,
Austria's most fashionable .spa, was
rocked today by a bomb explosion,
which destroyed "Prince Hall."
VIENNA!! May 21 (/Pi.—Bal Ischl,
Austria's most fashionable .spa, was
rocked today by a bomb explosion,
which destroyed "Prince Hall."
VIENNA!! May 21 (/Pi.—Bal Ischl,
Austria's most fashionable .spa, was
rocked today by a bomb explosion,
which destroyed "Prince Hall."
VIENNA!! May 21 (/Pi.—Bal Ischl,
Austria's most fashionable .spa, was
rocked today by a bomb explosion,
which destroyed "Prince Hall."
VIENNA!! May 21 (/Pi.—Bal Ischl,
Austria's most fashionable .spa, was
rocked today by a bomb explosion,
which destroyed "Prince Hall."
VIENNA!! May 21 (/Pi.—Bal Ischl,
Austria's most fashionable .spa, was
rocked today by a bomb explosion,
which destroyed "Prince Hall."
VIENNA!! May 21 (/Pi.—Bal Ischl,
Austria's most fashionable .spa, was
rocked today by a bomb explosion,
which destroyed "Prince Hall."
VIENNA!! May 21 (/Pi.—Bal Ischl,
Austria's most fashionable .spa, was
rocked today by a bomb explosion,
which destroyed "Prince Hall."
VIENNA!! May 21 (/Pi.—Bal Ischl,
Austria's most fashionable .spa, was
rocked today by a bomb explosion,
which destroyed "Prince Hall."
