# Adv. 8 Page 2
## 
### 
what you're getting
.... when you buy
advertised products
If you have the slightest doubt as to
the attitude of big business men toward ad
vertising, read this message from William
Wrigley, Jr., chairman, Wm. Wrigley, Jr.
Company: "It is true enough that millions
and millions of people buy and like my gum,
and that advertising is not going to induce
them to buy substantially more than they
are buying now. When I started to adver
tise, the object was to get them to buy, and
like, this gum; and I advertise now to keep
them constantly reminded that they buy
Wrigley's gum and that they like it. If I
should proceed with a lesser advertising
program my sales would dwindle in propor
tion. If I should stop advertising entirely
and depend upon the momentum that al
ready has been created, the chances are I
soon would be a very small factor in the
gum business if not out of it entirely."â€”
Printer's Ink.
THE
STANFORD
DAILY
