# INTERCLASS DEBATE.
## Sophomores and Freshmen Will Hold Seventh Annual Contest To-morrow. 
### 
To-morrow night teams repre
senting the two under classes will
meet in the seventh annual Fresh
man-Sophomore debate. Much in
terest is being taken in this event,
and there will be the usual display
of class enthusiasm. From all ap
pearances the debate will be a good
one. Both sides have spent con
siderable time in preparing on the
question, and all the debaters have
had previous experience.
The subject for discussion is:
"Resolved, That a Federal statute
should be passed providing for
Federal charters for all companies
doing or intending to do business
in more than one State, and which
shall apply for incorporation under
such charter."
The Freshmen will support the
affirmative of the question and
will be represented by C. C. Mc-
Colloch, G. C. Haleey, and R. E.
Hodge; while J. W. Maloy, F. A.
Fisher and F. L. Everson will ad
vocate the negative for the Sopho
mores, the men speaking in the or
der named. Each man will be al
lowed twelve minutes in which to
speak, but the time of the first
affirmative speaker will be divided
so that he will make two speeches
of nine and four minutes each.
The debate will be held in the
chapel, beginning promptly at 8
p.m. Professor H. A. Millis of the
department of Economics, H. M.
Lewis, '04, and O. C. Spencer, '04,
will act as judges. P. D. Swing,
'05, will preside. No class now in
college has won a debate in its
Freshman year.
