# Adv. 11 Page 3
## 
### 
I ~~"~
BRILLIANCE
is the word for the
sound of Fiedler's
new "Caite" . . .
and at $2.00 OFF
for this month.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
EUROPE
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied— not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 1 1 )
Pasadena, Calif.
I ~~"~
BRILLIANCE
is the word for the
sound of Fiedler's
new "Caite" . . .
and at $2.00 OFF
for this month.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
EUROPE
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied— not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 1 1 )
Pasadena, Calif.
I ~~"~
BRILLIANCE
is the word for the
sound of Fiedler's
new "Caite" . . .
and at $2.00 OFF
for this month.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
EUROPE
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied— not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 1 1 )
Pasadena, Calif.
I ~~"~
BRILLIANCE
is the word for the
sound of Fiedler's
new "Caite" . . .
and at $2.00 OFF
for this month.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
EUROPE
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied— not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 1 1 )
Pasadena, Calif.
I ~~"~
BRILLIANCE
is the word for the
sound of Fiedler's
new "Caite" . . .
and at $2.00 OFF
for this month.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
EUROPE
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied— not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 1 1 )
Pasadena, Calif.
I ~~"~
BRILLIANCE
is the word for the
sound of Fiedler's
new "Caite" . . .
and at $2.00 OFF
for this month.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
EUROPE
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied— not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 1 1 )
Pasadena, Calif.
I ~~"~
BRILLIANCE
is the word for the
sound of Fiedler's
new "Caite" . . .
and at $2.00 OFF
for this month.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
EUROPE
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied— not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 1 1 )
Pasadena, Calif.
I ~~"~
BRILLIANCE
is the word for the
sound of Fiedler's
new "Caite" . . .
and at $2.00 OFF
for this month.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
EUROPE
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied— not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 1 1 )
Pasadena, Calif.
I ~~"~
BRILLIANCE
is the word for the
sound of Fiedler's
new "Caite" . . .
and at $2.00 OFF
for this month.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
EUROPE
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied— not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 1 1 )
Pasadena, Calif.
I ~~"~
BRILLIANCE
is the word for the
sound of Fiedler's
new "Caite" . . .
and at $2.00 OFF
for this month.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
EUROPE
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied— not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 1 1 )
Pasadena, Calif.
I ~~"~
BRILLIANCE
is the word for the
sound of Fiedler's
new "Caite" . . .
and at $2.00 OFF
for this month.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
EUROPE
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied— not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 1 1 )
Pasadena, Calif.
I ~~"~
BRILLIANCE
is the word for the
sound of Fiedler's
new "Caite" . . .
and at $2.00 OFF
for this month.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
EUROPE
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied— not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 1 1 )
Pasadena, Calif.
I ~~"~
BRILLIANCE
is the word for the
sound of Fiedler's
new "Caite" . . .
and at $2.00 OFF
for this month.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
EUROPE
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied— not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 1 1 )
Pasadena, Calif.
I ~~"~
BRILLIANCE
is the word for the
sound of Fiedler's
new "Caite" . . .
and at $2.00 OFF
for this month.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
EUROPE
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied— not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 1 1 )
Pasadena, Calif.
I ~~"~
BRILLIANCE
is the word for the
sound of Fiedler's
new "Caite" . . .
and at $2.00 OFF
for this month.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
EUROPE
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied— not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 1 1 )
Pasadena, Calif.
I ~~"~
BRILLIANCE
is the word for the
sound of Fiedler's
new "Caite" . . .
and at $2.00 OFF
for this month.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
EUROPE
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied— not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 1 1 )
Pasadena, Calif.
I ~~"~
BRILLIANCE
is the word for the
sound of Fiedler's
new "Caite" . . .
and at $2.00 OFF
for this month.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
EUROPE
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied— not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 1 1 )
Pasadena, Calif.
