# Dr. Gardner to Occupy Pulpit.
## 
### 
The usual Sunday services will be
held this week in the Chapel. The
pulpit will be filled by the Reverend
D. Charles Gardner, University chap
lain.
The usual Sunday services will be
held this week in the Chapel. The
pulpit will be filled by the Reverend
D. Charles Gardner, University chap
lain.
The usual Sunday services will be
held this week in the Chapel. The
pulpit will be filled by the Reverend
D. Charles Gardner, University chap
lain.
The usual Sunday services will be
held this week in the Chapel. The
pulpit will be filled by the Reverend
D. Charles Gardner, University chap
lain.
The usual Sunday services will be
held this week in the Chapel. The
pulpit will be filled by the Reverend
D. Charles Gardner, University chap
lain.
The usual Sunday services will be
held this week in the Chapel. The
pulpit will be filled by the Reverend
D. Charles Gardner, University chap
lain.
The usual Sunday services will be
held this week in the Chapel. The
pulpit will be filled by the Reverend
D. Charles Gardner, University chap
lain.
The usual Sunday services will be
held this week in the Chapel. The
pulpit will be filled by the Reverend
D. Charles Gardner, University chap
lain.
The usual Sunday services will be
held this week in the Chapel. The
pulpit will be filled by the Reverend
D. Charles Gardner, University chap
lain.
The usual Sunday services will be
held this week in the Chapel. The
pulpit will be filled by the Reverend
D. Charles Gardner, University chap
lain.
The usual Sunday services will be
held this week in the Chapel. The
pulpit will be filled by the Reverend
D. Charles Gardner, University chap
lain.
