# DIES FROM TYPHOID.
## Edgar Garver Riste, ex-'O4, Succumbs to Attack of Fever in Spokane, Wash. 
### 
Edgar Garver Riste, ex-'O4, spec
ial student in the Law department,
died at the Deaconess Home Hospi
tal in Spokane, Washington,
Thursday, May 7th, of typhoid
fever. He had heen hick hut a
very short time. He without doubt
received infection in l'alo Alto.
The deceased was horn at Indi
anola, lowa, October 23, 1878,
his preparatory days being spent
at the VVymore, Nebraska, high
school. After graduation from
there, he spent two and one-half
months in 1899 at the University
of Nebraska, and the year of 1899-
1900 at the State Normal school at
Cheney, Washington. He entered
Stanford with the class of 1904,
since which time lie has heen in
constant attendance, until March
31st, when he took out a leave of
absence.
Aftef leaving the University,
Riste passed the law examination
at San Francisco, and was admit
ted to the bar of the State of Cali
fornia. Immediately thereafter he
left for Spokane, Washington, to
begin work in his chosen profes
sion in a law office in that city.
liiste was a member of Nestoria
and was on the 1904 football team.
While at the University Itiste
made many friends, was a thorough
student, and much admired for the
unassuming manner in which he
overcame obstacles and hindrances.
Though forced to earn much of
his way at college lie showed a
marked determination to succeed
and he had succeeded in all he un
dertook.
The funeral services over the re
mains were held at the home of his
parents in Cheney, Washington,
yesterday afternoon.
