# Graduates Talk to Euphronia.
## 
### 
The Fuphronia Literary Society
held its last meeting of the year
Saturday night. Cecil M. Mar
rack,'ol, and A. H. Suzzallo,'99,

two old members of Euphronia,
were present and spoke to the so
ciety. They were most cordially
received. Jll the course of their
talks ihey gave many instances in
which their past training in Eu
phronia has been particularly val
uable to them. Suzzallo and Mar
rack represented Stanford in {In
tercollegiate and Garnot debates.
The Fuphronia Literary Society
held its last meeting of the year
Saturday night. Cecil M. Mar
rack,'ol, and A. H. Suzzallo,'99,

two old members of Euphronia,
were present and spoke to the so
ciety. They were most cordially
received. Jll the course of their
talks ihey gave many instances in
which their past training in Eu
phronia has been particularly val
uable to them. Suzzallo and Mar
rack represented Stanford in {In
tercollegiate and Garnot debates.
The Fuphronia Literary Society
held its last meeting of the year
Saturday night. Cecil M. Mar
rack,'ol, and A. H. Suzzallo,'99,

two old members of Euphronia,
were present and spoke to the so
ciety. They were most cordially
received. Jll the course of their
talks ihey gave many instances in
which their past training in Eu
phronia has been particularly val
uable to them. Suzzallo and Mar
rack represented Stanford in {In
tercollegiate and Garnot debates.
The Fuphronia Literary Society
held its last meeting of the year
Saturday night. Cecil M. Mar
rack,'ol, and A. H. Suzzallo,'99,

two old members of Euphronia,
were present and spoke to the so
ciety. They were most cordially
received. Jll the course of their
talks ihey gave many instances in
which their past training in Eu
phronia has been particularly val
uable to them. Suzzallo and Mar
rack represented Stanford in {In
tercollegiate and Garnot debates.
The Fuphronia Literary Society
held its last meeting of the year
Saturday night. Cecil M. Mar
rack,'ol, and A. H. Suzzallo,'99,

two old members of Euphronia,
were present and spoke to the so
ciety. They were most cordially
received. Jll the course of their
talks ihey gave many instances in
which their past training in Eu
phronia has been particularly val
uable to them. Suzzallo and Mar
rack represented Stanford in {In
tercollegiate and Garnot debates.
The Fuphronia Literary Society
held its last meeting of the year
Saturday night. Cecil M. Mar
rack,'ol, and A. H. Suzzallo,'99,

two old members of Euphronia,
were present and spoke to the so
ciety. They were most cordially
received. Jll the course of their
talks ihey gave many instances in
which their past training in Eu
phronia has been particularly val
uable to them. Suzzallo and Mar
rack represented Stanford in {In
tercollegiate and Garnot debates.
The Fuphronia Literary Society
held its last meeting of the year
Saturday night. Cecil M. Mar
rack,'ol, and A. H. Suzzallo,'99,

two old members of Euphronia,
were present and spoke to the so
ciety. They were most cordially
received. Jll the course of their
talks ihey gave many instances in
which their past training in Eu
phronia has been particularly val
uable to them. Suzzallo and Mar
rack represented Stanford in {In
tercollegiate and Garnot debates.
