# Program for French Play.
## 
### 
The souvenir programs for the
French play tomorrow night will
be placed on sale in the morning
on the quad and at the Bookstore.
They will he on sale in Assembly
Hall also Tuesday night. The
price is ten cents.
The souvenir programs for the
French play tomorrow night will
be placed on sale in the morning
on the quad and at the Bookstore.
They will he on sale in Assembly
Hall also Tuesday night. The
price is ten cents.
The souvenir programs for the
French play tomorrow night will
be placed on sale in the morning
on the quad and at the Bookstore.
They will he on sale in Assembly
Hall also Tuesday night. The
price is ten cents.
The souvenir programs for the
French play tomorrow night will
be placed on sale in the morning
on the quad and at the Bookstore.
They will he on sale in Assembly
Hall also Tuesday night. The
price is ten cents.
The souvenir programs for the
French play tomorrow night will
be placed on sale in the morning
on the quad and at the Bookstore.
They will he on sale in Assembly
Hall also Tuesday night. The
price is ten cents.
The souvenir programs for the
French play tomorrow night will
be placed on sale in the morning
on the quad and at the Bookstore.
They will he on sale in Assembly
Hall also Tuesday night. The
price is ten cents.
The souvenir programs for the
French play tomorrow night will
be placed on sale in the morning
on the quad and at the Bookstore.
They will he on sale in Assembly
Hall also Tuesday night. The
price is ten cents.
