# Descriptive of Stanford.
## 
### 
Today there came from the Uni
versity Tress "A Visit to Stanford
University," by Mrs. Mary Stewart
Quelle, ex-'Ol, a specially well
written and well illustrated piece
of work. The book contains accu
rate information concerning the
University and has over fifty Uni
versity views. A limited edition
on special deckle-edge paper has
been placed on sale at the Hook
store for seventy-five cents.
Today there came from the Uni
versity Tress "A Visit to Stanford
University," by Mrs. Mary Stewart
Quelle, ex-'Ol, a specially well
written and well illustrated piece
of work. The book contains accu
rate information concerning the
University and has over fifty Uni
versity views. A limited edition
on special deckle-edge paper has
been placed on sale at the Hook
store for seventy-five cents.
Today there came from the Uni
versity Tress "A Visit to Stanford
University," by Mrs. Mary Stewart
Quelle, ex-'Ol, a specially well
written and well illustrated piece
of work. The book contains accu
rate information concerning the
University and has over fifty Uni
versity views. A limited edition
on special deckle-edge paper has
been placed on sale at the Hook
store for seventy-five cents.
Today there came from the Uni
versity Tress "A Visit to Stanford
University," by Mrs. Mary Stewart
Quelle, ex-'Ol, a specially well
written and well illustrated piece
of work. The book contains accu
rate information concerning the
University and has over fifty Uni
versity views. A limited edition
on special deckle-edge paper has
been placed on sale at the Hook
store for seventy-five cents.
Today there came from the Uni
versity Tress "A Visit to Stanford
University," by Mrs. Mary Stewart
Quelle, ex-'Ol, a specially well
written and well illustrated piece
of work. The book contains accu
rate information concerning the
University and has over fifty Uni
versity views. A limited edition
on special deckle-edge paper has
been placed on sale at the Hook
store for seventy-five cents.
Today there came from the Uni
versity Tress "A Visit to Stanford
University," by Mrs. Mary Stewart
Quelle, ex-'Ol, a specially well
written and well illustrated piece
of work. The book contains accu
rate information concerning the
University and has over fifty Uni
versity views. A limited edition
on special deckle-edge paper has
been placed on sale at the Hook
store for seventy-five cents.
Today there came from the Uni
versity Tress "A Visit to Stanford
University," by Mrs. Mary Stewart
Quelle, ex-'Ol, a specially well
written and well illustrated piece
of work. The book contains accu
rate information concerning the
University and has over fifty Uni
versity views. A limited edition
on special deckle-edge paper has
been placed on sale at the Hook
store for seventy-five cents.
