# Former Students to Wed.
## 
### 
Another Stanford romance will be
culminated next month with the niarri
agp of Miss Daisy Spencer, ex-'l3, to
W. S. Thompson, ex-'l4. of Butte, Mon
tana.
The ceremony will take place at the
Spencer home in Palo Alto. Miss
Spencer is a member of Pi Beta Phi
and Thompson is a. Kappa Sigma.
Another Stanford romance will be
culminated next month with the niarri
agp of Miss Daisy Spencer, ex-'l3, to
W. S. Thompson, ex-'l4. of Butte, Mon
tana.
The ceremony will take place at the
Spencer home in Palo Alto. Miss
Spencer is a member of Pi Beta Phi
and Thompson is a. Kappa Sigma.
Another Stanford romance will be
culminated next month with the niarri
agp of Miss Daisy Spencer, ex-'l3, to
W. S. Thompson, ex-'l4. of Butte, Mon
tana.
The ceremony will take place at the
Spencer home in Palo Alto. Miss
Spencer is a member of Pi Beta Phi
and Thompson is a. Kappa Sigma.
Another Stanford romance will be
culminated next month with the niarri
agp of Miss Daisy Spencer, ex-'l3, to
W. S. Thompson, ex-'l4. of Butte, Mon
tana.
The ceremony will take place at the
Spencer home in Palo Alto. Miss
Spencer is a member of Pi Beta Phi
and Thompson is a. Kappa Sigma.
Another Stanford romance will be
culminated next month with the niarri
agp of Miss Daisy Spencer, ex-'l3, to
W. S. Thompson, ex-'l4. of Butte, Mon
tana.
The ceremony will take place at the
Spencer home in Palo Alto. Miss
Spencer is a member of Pi Beta Phi
and Thompson is a. Kappa Sigma.
Another Stanford romance will be
culminated next month with the niarri
agp of Miss Daisy Spencer, ex-'l3, to
W. S. Thompson, ex-'l4. of Butte, Mon
tana.
The ceremony will take place at the
Spencer home in Palo Alto. Miss
Spencer is a member of Pi Beta Phi
and Thompson is a. Kappa Sigma.
Another Stanford romance will be
culminated next month with the niarri
agp of Miss Daisy Spencer, ex-'l3, to
W. S. Thompson, ex-'l4. of Butte, Mon
tana.
The ceremony will take place at the
Spencer home in Palo Alto. Miss
Spencer is a member of Pi Beta Phi
and Thompson is a. Kappa Sigma.
Another Stanford romance will be
culminated next month with the niarri
agp of Miss Daisy Spencer, ex-'l3, to
W. S. Thompson, ex-'l4. of Butte, Mon
tana.
The ceremony will take place at the
Spencer home in Palo Alto. Miss
Spencer is a member of Pi Beta Phi
and Thompson is a. Kappa Sigma.
Another Stanford romance will be
culminated next month with the niarri
agp of Miss Daisy Spencer, ex-'l3, to
W. S. Thompson, ex-'l4. of Butte, Mon
tana.
The ceremony will take place at the
Spencer home in Palo Alto. Miss
Spencer is a member of Pi Beta Phi
and Thompson is a. Kappa Sigma.
Another Stanford romance will be
culminated next month with the niarri
agp of Miss Daisy Spencer, ex-'l3, to
W. S. Thompson, ex-'l4. of Butte, Mon
tana.
The ceremony will take place at the
Spencer home in Palo Alto. Miss
Spencer is a member of Pi Beta Phi
and Thompson is a. Kappa Sigma.
Another Stanford romance will be
culminated next month with the niarri
agp of Miss Daisy Spencer, ex-'l3, to
W. S. Thompson, ex-'l4. of Butte, Mon
tana.
The ceremony will take place at the
Spencer home in Palo Alto. Miss
Spencer is a member of Pi Beta Phi
and Thompson is a. Kappa Sigma.
Another Stanford romance will be
culminated next month with the niarri
agp of Miss Daisy Spencer, ex-'l3, to
W. S. Thompson, ex-'l4. of Butte, Mon
tana.
The ceremony will take place at the
Spencer home in Palo Alto. Miss
Spencer is a member of Pi Beta Phi
and Thompson is a. Kappa Sigma.
Another Stanford romance will be
culminated next month with the niarri
agp of Miss Daisy Spencer, ex-'l3, to
W. S. Thompson, ex-'l4. of Butte, Mon
tana.
The ceremony will take place at the
Spencer home in Palo Alto. Miss
Spencer is a member of Pi Beta Phi
and Thompson is a. Kappa Sigma.
