# Cafeteria Luncheon a Success.
## 
### 
The Cafeteria Luncheon given by the
La Liana women last Saturday was
voted a decided success by the entire
campus. Altogether, six hundred
people were served. The net proceeds
will amount to about $140, which will
be turned over to the Women's Club
House fund.
The Cafeteria Luncheon given by the
La Liana women last Saturday was
voted a decided success by the entire
campus. Altogether, six hundred
people were served. The net proceeds
will amount to about $140, which will
be turned over to the Women's Club
House fund.
The Cafeteria Luncheon given by the
La Liana women last Saturday was
voted a decided success by the entire
campus. Altogether, six hundred
people were served. The net proceeds
will amount to about $140, which will
be turned over to the Women's Club
House fund.
The Cafeteria Luncheon given by the
La Liana women last Saturday was
voted a decided success by the entire
campus. Altogether, six hundred
people were served. The net proceeds
will amount to about $140, which will
be turned over to the Women's Club
House fund.
The Cafeteria Luncheon given by the
La Liana women last Saturday was
voted a decided success by the entire
campus. Altogether, six hundred
people were served. The net proceeds
will amount to about $140, which will
be turned over to the Women's Club
House fund.
The Cafeteria Luncheon given by the
La Liana women last Saturday was
voted a decided success by the entire
campus. Altogether, six hundred
people were served. The net proceeds
will amount to about $140, which will
be turned over to the Women's Club
House fund.
The Cafeteria Luncheon given by the
La Liana women last Saturday was
voted a decided success by the entire
campus. Altogether, six hundred
people were served. The net proceeds
will amount to about $140, which will
be turned over to the Women's Club
House fund.
The Cafeteria Luncheon given by the
La Liana women last Saturday was
voted a decided success by the entire
campus. Altogether, six hundred
people were served. The net proceeds
will amount to about $140, which will
be turned over to the Women's Club
House fund.
The Cafeteria Luncheon given by the
La Liana women last Saturday was
voted a decided success by the entire
campus. Altogether, six hundred
people were served. The net proceeds
will amount to about $140, which will
be turned over to the Women's Club
House fund.
The Cafeteria Luncheon given by the
La Liana women last Saturday was
voted a decided success by the entire
campus. Altogether, six hundred
people were served. The net proceeds
will amount to about $140, which will
be turned over to the Women's Club
House fund.
The Cafeteria Luncheon given by the
La Liana women last Saturday was
voted a decided success by the entire
campus. Altogether, six hundred
people were served. The net proceeds
will amount to about $140, which will
be turned over to the Women's Club
House fund.
The Cafeteria Luncheon given by the
La Liana women last Saturday was
voted a decided success by the entire
campus. Altogether, six hundred
people were served. The net proceeds
will amount to about $140, which will
be turned over to the Women's Club
House fund.
The Cafeteria Luncheon given by the
La Liana women last Saturday was
voted a decided success by the entire
campus. Altogether, six hundred
people were served. The net proceeds
will amount to about $140, which will
be turned over to the Women's Club
House fund.
