# Tribe Scuttles Cal Sailors, 114-109
## 
### 
Cal sailed into the axe a second
lime last Sunday. Stanford won
the bi-school sailing regatta 114-
109 in Cal's boats, sailed in the
Bay near Berkeley.
Stanford sophomore Skip Allen
took three first places and one
second in the seven races. Dean
Moxness, a senior, won Ihe first
race, and took seconds in two
others.
The winds were light in the
morning but increased to brisk
sailing weather in the afternoon.
In spite of two protests, Stan
ford had such a margin that they
easily sliced Cal.
Other skippers on the Stanford
team include George Twist, Carl
Boiler, and Walt Kimball. The
crews were Will Blcthen, Mike
Parker, John Fehsenfeld, Judy
Francis, Art Lang, and .Toe Smul
-1 in.
Cal sailed into the axe a second
lime last Sunday. Stanford won
the bi-school sailing regatta 114-
109 in Cal's boats, sailed in the
Bay near Berkeley.
Stanford sophomore Skip Allen
took three first places and one
second in the seven races. Dean
Moxness, a senior, won Ihe first
race, and took seconds in two
others.
The winds were light in the
morning but increased to brisk
sailing weather in the afternoon.
In spite of two protests, Stan
ford had such a margin that they
easily sliced Cal.
Other skippers on the Stanford
team include George Twist, Carl
Boiler, and Walt Kimball. The
crews were Will Blcthen, Mike
Parker, John Fehsenfeld, Judy
Francis, Art Lang, and .Toe Smul
-1 in.
Cal sailed into the axe a second
lime last Sunday. Stanford won
the bi-school sailing regatta 114-
109 in Cal's boats, sailed in the
Bay near Berkeley.
Stanford sophomore Skip Allen
took three first places and one
second in the seven races. Dean
Moxness, a senior, won Ihe first
race, and took seconds in two
others.
The winds were light in the
morning but increased to brisk
sailing weather in the afternoon.
In spite of two protests, Stan
ford had such a margin that they
easily sliced Cal.
Other skippers on the Stanford
team include George Twist, Carl
Boiler, and Walt Kimball. The
crews were Will Blcthen, Mike
Parker, John Fehsenfeld, Judy
Francis, Art Lang, and .Toe Smul
-1 in.
Cal sailed into the axe a second
lime last Sunday. Stanford won
the bi-school sailing regatta 114-
109 in Cal's boats, sailed in the
Bay near Berkeley.
Stanford sophomore Skip Allen
took three first places and one
second in the seven races. Dean
Moxness, a senior, won Ihe first
race, and took seconds in two
others.
The winds were light in the
morning but increased to brisk
sailing weather in the afternoon.
In spite of two protests, Stan
ford had such a margin that they
easily sliced Cal.
Other skippers on the Stanford
team include George Twist, Carl
Boiler, and Walt Kimball. The
crews were Will Blcthen, Mike
Parker, John Fehsenfeld, Judy
Francis, Art Lang, and .Toe Smul
-1 in.
Cal sailed into the axe a second
lime last Sunday. Stanford won
the bi-school sailing regatta 114-
109 in Cal's boats, sailed in the
Bay near Berkeley.
Stanford sophomore Skip Allen
took three first places and one
second in the seven races. Dean
Moxness, a senior, won Ihe first
race, and took seconds in two
others.
The winds were light in the
morning but increased to brisk
sailing weather in the afternoon.
In spite of two protests, Stan
ford had such a margin that they
easily sliced Cal.
Other skippers on the Stanford
team include George Twist, Carl
Boiler, and Walt Kimball. The
crews were Will Blcthen, Mike
Parker, John Fehsenfeld, Judy
Francis, Art Lang, and .Toe Smul
-1 in.
Cal sailed into the axe a second
lime last Sunday. Stanford won
the bi-school sailing regatta 114-
109 in Cal's boats, sailed in the
Bay near Berkeley.
Stanford sophomore Skip Allen
took three first places and one
second in the seven races. Dean
Moxness, a senior, won Ihe first
race, and took seconds in two
others.
The winds were light in the
morning but increased to brisk
sailing weather in the afternoon.
In spite of two protests, Stan
ford had such a margin that they
easily sliced Cal.
Other skippers on the Stanford
team include George Twist, Carl
Boiler, and Walt Kimball. The
crews were Will Blcthen, Mike
Parker, John Fehsenfeld, Judy
Francis, Art Lang, and .Toe Smul
-1 in.
Cal sailed into the axe a second
lime last Sunday. Stanford won
the bi-school sailing regatta 114-
109 in Cal's boats, sailed in the
Bay near Berkeley.
Stanford sophomore Skip Allen
took three first places and one
second in the seven races. Dean
Moxness, a senior, won Ihe first
race, and took seconds in two
others.
The winds were light in the
morning but increased to brisk
sailing weather in the afternoon.
In spite of two protests, Stan
ford had such a margin that they
easily sliced Cal.
Other skippers on the Stanford
team include George Twist, Carl
Boiler, and Walt Kimball. The
crews were Will Blcthen, Mike
Parker, John Fehsenfeld, Judy
Francis, Art Lang, and .Toe Smul
-1 in.
Cal sailed into the axe a second
lime last Sunday. Stanford won
the bi-school sailing regatta 114-
109 in Cal's boats, sailed in the
Bay near Berkeley.
Stanford sophomore Skip Allen
took three first places and one
second in the seven races. Dean
Moxness, a senior, won Ihe first
race, and took seconds in two
others.
The winds were light in the
morning but increased to brisk
sailing weather in the afternoon.
In spite of two protests, Stan
ford had such a margin that they
easily sliced Cal.
Other skippers on the Stanford
team include George Twist, Carl
Boiler, and Walt Kimball. The
crews were Will Blcthen, Mike
Parker, John Fehsenfeld, Judy
Francis, Art Lang, and .Toe Smul
-1 in.
Cal sailed into the axe a second
lime last Sunday. Stanford won
the bi-school sailing regatta 114-
109 in Cal's boats, sailed in the
Bay near Berkeley.
Stanford sophomore Skip Allen
took three first places and one
second in the seven races. Dean
Moxness, a senior, won Ihe first
race, and took seconds in two
others.
The winds were light in the
morning but increased to brisk
sailing weather in the afternoon.
In spite of two protests, Stan
ford had such a margin that they
easily sliced Cal.
Other skippers on the Stanford
team include George Twist, Carl
Boiler, and Walt Kimball. The
crews were Will Blcthen, Mike
Parker, John Fehsenfeld, Judy
Francis, Art Lang, and .Toe Smul
-1 in.
Cal sailed into the axe a second
lime last Sunday. Stanford won
the bi-school sailing regatta 114-
109 in Cal's boats, sailed in the
Bay near Berkeley.
Stanford sophomore Skip Allen
took three first places and one
second in the seven races. Dean
Moxness, a senior, won Ihe first
race, and took seconds in two
others.
The winds were light in the
morning but increased to brisk
sailing weather in the afternoon.
In spite of two protests, Stan
ford had such a margin that they
easily sliced Cal.
Other skippers on the Stanford
team include George Twist, Carl
Boiler, and Walt Kimball. The
crews were Will Blcthen, Mike
Parker, John Fehsenfeld, Judy
Francis, Art Lang, and .Toe Smul
-1 in.
Cal sailed into the axe a second
lime last Sunday. Stanford won
the bi-school sailing regatta 114-
109 in Cal's boats, sailed in the
Bay near Berkeley.
Stanford sophomore Skip Allen
took three first places and one
second in the seven races. Dean
Moxness, a senior, won Ihe first
race, and took seconds in two
others.
The winds were light in the
morning but increased to brisk
sailing weather in the afternoon.
In spite of two protests, Stan
ford had such a margin that they
easily sliced Cal.
Other skippers on the Stanford
team include George Twist, Carl
Boiler, and Walt Kimball. The
crews were Will Blcthen, Mike
Parker, John Fehsenfeld, Judy
Francis, Art Lang, and .Toe Smul
-1 in.
Cal sailed into the axe a second
lime last Sunday. Stanford won
the bi-school sailing regatta 114-
109 in Cal's boats, sailed in the
Bay near Berkeley.
Stanford sophomore Skip Allen
took three first places and one
second in the seven races. Dean
Moxness, a senior, won Ihe first
race, and took seconds in two
others.
The winds were light in the
morning but increased to brisk
sailing weather in the afternoon.
In spite of two protests, Stan
ford had such a margin that they
easily sliced Cal.
Other skippers on the Stanford
team include George Twist, Carl
Boiler, and Walt Kimball. The
crews were Will Blcthen, Mike
Parker, John Fehsenfeld, Judy
Francis, Art Lang, and .Toe Smul
-1 in.
Cal sailed into the axe a second
lime last Sunday. Stanford won
the bi-school sailing regatta 114-
109 in Cal's boats, sailed in the
Bay near Berkeley.
Stanford sophomore Skip Allen
took three first places and one
second in the seven races. Dean
Moxness, a senior, won Ihe first
race, and took seconds in two
others.
The winds were light in the
morning but increased to brisk
sailing weather in the afternoon.
In spite of two protests, Stan
ford had such a margin that they
easily sliced Cal.
Other skippers on the Stanford
team include George Twist, Carl
Boiler, and Walt Kimball. The
crews were Will Blcthen, Mike
Parker, John Fehsenfeld, Judy
Francis, Art Lang, and .Toe Smul
-1 in.
Cal sailed into the axe a second
lime last Sunday. Stanford won
the bi-school sailing regatta 114-
109 in Cal's boats, sailed in the
Bay near Berkeley.
Stanford sophomore Skip Allen
took three first places and one
second in the seven races. Dean
Moxness, a senior, won Ihe first
race, and took seconds in two
others.
The winds were light in the
morning but increased to brisk
sailing weather in the afternoon.
In spite of two protests, Stan
ford had such a margin that they
easily sliced Cal.
Other skippers on the Stanford
team include George Twist, Carl
Boiler, and Walt Kimball. The
crews were Will Blcthen, Mike
Parker, John Fehsenfeld, Judy
Francis, Art Lang, and .Toe Smul
-1 in.
Cal sailed into the axe a second
lime last Sunday. Stanford won
the bi-school sailing regatta 114-
109 in Cal's boats, sailed in the
Bay near Berkeley.
Stanford sophomore Skip Allen
took three first places and one
second in the seven races. Dean
Moxness, a senior, won Ihe first
race, and took seconds in two
others.
The winds were light in the
morning but increased to brisk
sailing weather in the afternoon.
In spite of two protests, Stan
ford had such a margin that they
easily sliced Cal.
Other skippers on the Stanford
team include George Twist, Carl
Boiler, and Walt Kimball. The
crews were Will Blcthen, Mike
Parker, John Fehsenfeld, Judy
Francis, Art Lang, and .Toe Smul
-1 in.
