# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
Choice Seats
SIMON and
GARFUNKEL
Nov. 17
S.J. Civic Auditorium
tP AL °o
too*
TO"*"
3 doors from Stickners
daily 10-5:30 Sat. 10-5
Choice Seats
SIMON and
GARFUNKEL
Nov. 17
S.J. Civic Auditorium
tP AL °o
too*
TO"*"
3 doors from Stickners
daily 10-5:30 Sat. 10-5
Choice Seats
SIMON and
GARFUNKEL
Nov. 17
S.J. Civic Auditorium
tP AL °o
too*
TO"*"
3 doors from Stickners
daily 10-5:30 Sat. 10-5
Choice Seats
SIMON and
GARFUNKEL
Nov. 17
S.J. Civic Auditorium
tP AL °o
too*
TO"*"
3 doors from Stickners
daily 10-5:30 Sat. 10-5
Choice Seats
SIMON and
GARFUNKEL
Nov. 17
S.J. Civic Auditorium
tP AL °o
too*
TO"*"
3 doors from Stickners
daily 10-5:30 Sat. 10-5
Choice Seats
SIMON and
GARFUNKEL
Nov. 17
S.J. Civic Auditorium
tP AL °o
too*
TO"*"
3 doors from Stickners
daily 10-5:30 Sat. 10-5
Choice Seats
SIMON and
GARFUNKEL
Nov. 17
S.J. Civic Auditorium
tP AL °o
too*
TO"*"
3 doors from Stickners
daily 10-5:30 Sat. 10-5
Choice Seats
SIMON and
GARFUNKEL
Nov. 17
S.J. Civic Auditorium
tP AL °o
too*
TO"*"
3 doors from Stickners
daily 10-5:30 Sat. 10-5
Choice Seats
SIMON and
GARFUNKEL
Nov. 17
S.J. Civic Auditorium
tP AL °o
too*
TO"*"
3 doors from Stickners
daily 10-5:30 Sat. 10-5
Choice Seats
SIMON and
GARFUNKEL
Nov. 17
S.J. Civic Auditorium
tP AL °o
too*
TO"*"
3 doors from Stickners
daily 10-5:30 Sat. 10-5
Choice Seats
SIMON and
GARFUNKEL
Nov. 17
S.J. Civic Auditorium
tP AL °o
too*
TO"*"
3 doors from Stickners
daily 10-5:30 Sat. 10-5
Choice Seats
SIMON and
GARFUNKEL
Nov. 17
S.J. Civic Auditorium
tP AL °o
too*
TO"*"
3 doors from Stickners
daily 10-5:30 Sat. 10-5
Choice Seats
SIMON and
GARFUNKEL
Nov. 17
S.J. Civic Auditorium
tP AL °o
too*
TO"*"
3 doors from Stickners
daily 10-5:30 Sat. 10-5
Choice Seats
SIMON and
GARFUNKEL
Nov. 17
S.J. Civic Auditorium
tP AL °o
too*
TO"*"
3 doors from Stickners
daily 10-5:30 Sat. 10-5
Choice Seats
SIMON and
GARFUNKEL
Nov. 17
S.J. Civic Auditorium
tP AL °o
too*
TO"*"
3 doors from Stickners
daily 10-5:30 Sat. 10-5
Choice Seats
SIMON and
GARFUNKEL
Nov. 17
S.J. Civic Auditorium
tP AL °o
too*
TO"*"
3 doors from Stickners
daily 10-5:30 Sat. 10-5
