# Vigil Policy Stated
## 
### 
The planning committee for
the Convocation for Peace,
termed the Peace Vigil in a ref
erendum on this Wednesday's
ballot, to be held this Saturday,
November 11 at Memorial
Church, issued a statement of
purpose this weekend.
The statement reads, "Th e
meeting will provide an oppor
tunity for individuals concerned
with peace in Vietnam to share
an evening together. There will
be informal groups, speakers,
musical interludes, information
both lyrical and academic, and
an ecumenical midnight ser
vice."
Co-chairman Mike Hughes said

that the program is intended to
be a discussion and a descrip
tion of personal feelings and
commitments, as opposed to a
debate on positions and tactics.
The format is relatively un
structured and is open to indi
vidual expressions of concern.
Steve Cummings asked that mu
sical groups interested in par
ticipating should contact him
through the Dean of the Chap
el's office.
The supporters of the Convo
cation are wearing white arm
hands this week to alert the stu
dents to this opportunity for
discussion and communal par
ticipation.
The planning committee for
the Convocation for Peace,
termed the Peace Vigil in a ref
erendum on this Wednesday's
ballot, to be held this Saturday,
November 11 at Memorial
Church, issued a statement of
purpose this weekend.
The statement reads, "Th e
meeting will provide an oppor
tunity for individuals concerned
with peace in Vietnam to share
an evening together. There will
be informal groups, speakers,
musical interludes, information
both lyrical and academic, and
an ecumenical midnight ser
vice."
Co-chairman Mike Hughes said

that the program is intended to
be a discussion and a descrip
tion of personal feelings and
commitments, as opposed to a
debate on positions and tactics.
The format is relatively un
structured and is open to indi
vidual expressions of concern.
Steve Cummings asked that mu
sical groups interested in par
ticipating should contact him
through the Dean of the Chap
el's office.
The supporters of the Convo
cation are wearing white arm
hands this week to alert the stu
dents to this opportunity for
discussion and communal par
ticipation.
The planning committee for
the Convocation for Peace,
termed the Peace Vigil in a ref
erendum on this Wednesday's
ballot, to be held this Saturday,
November 11 at Memorial
Church, issued a statement of
purpose this weekend.
The statement reads, "Th e
meeting will provide an oppor
tunity for individuals concerned
with peace in Vietnam to share
an evening together. There will
be informal groups, speakers,
musical interludes, information
both lyrical and academic, and
an ecumenical midnight ser
vice."
Co-chairman Mike Hughes said

that the program is intended to
be a discussion and a descrip
tion of personal feelings and
commitments, as opposed to a
debate on positions and tactics.
The format is relatively un
structured and is open to indi
vidual expressions of concern.
Steve Cummings asked that mu
sical groups interested in par
ticipating should contact him
through the Dean of the Chap
el's office.
The supporters of the Convo
cation are wearing white arm
hands this week to alert the stu
dents to this opportunity for
discussion and communal par
ticipation.
The planning committee for
the Convocation for Peace,
termed the Peace Vigil in a ref
erendum on this Wednesday's
ballot, to be held this Saturday,
November 11 at Memorial
Church, issued a statement of
purpose this weekend.
The statement reads, "Th e
meeting will provide an oppor
tunity for individuals concerned
with peace in Vietnam to share
an evening together. There will
be informal groups, speakers,
musical interludes, information
both lyrical and academic, and
an ecumenical midnight ser
vice."
Co-chairman Mike Hughes said

that the program is intended to
be a discussion and a descrip
tion of personal feelings and
commitments, as opposed to a
debate on positions and tactics.
The format is relatively un
structured and is open to indi
vidual expressions of concern.
Steve Cummings asked that mu
sical groups interested in par
ticipating should contact him
through the Dean of the Chap
el's office.
The supporters of the Convo
cation are wearing white arm
hands this week to alert the stu
dents to this opportunity for
discussion and communal par
ticipation.
The planning committee for
the Convocation for Peace,
termed the Peace Vigil in a ref
erendum on this Wednesday's
ballot, to be held this Saturday,
November 11 at Memorial
Church, issued a statement of
purpose this weekend.
The statement reads, "Th e
meeting will provide an oppor
tunity for individuals concerned
with peace in Vietnam to share
an evening together. There will
be informal groups, speakers,
musical interludes, information
both lyrical and academic, and
an ecumenical midnight ser
vice."
Co-chairman Mike Hughes said

that the program is intended to
be a discussion and a descrip
tion of personal feelings and
commitments, as opposed to a
debate on positions and tactics.
The format is relatively un
structured and is open to indi
vidual expressions of concern.
Steve Cummings asked that mu
sical groups interested in par
ticipating should contact him
through the Dean of the Chap
el's office.
The supporters of the Convo
cation are wearing white arm
hands this week to alert the stu
dents to this opportunity for
discussion and communal par
ticipation.
The planning committee for
the Convocation for Peace,
termed the Peace Vigil in a ref
erendum on this Wednesday's
ballot, to be held this Saturday,
November 11 at Memorial
Church, issued a statement of
purpose this weekend.
The statement reads, "Th e
meeting will provide an oppor
tunity for individuals concerned
with peace in Vietnam to share
an evening together. There will
be informal groups, speakers,
musical interludes, information
both lyrical and academic, and
an ecumenical midnight ser
vice."
Co-chairman Mike Hughes said

that the program is intended to
be a discussion and a descrip
tion of personal feelings and
commitments, as opposed to a
debate on positions and tactics.
The format is relatively un
structured and is open to indi
vidual expressions of concern.
Steve Cummings asked that mu
sical groups interested in par
ticipating should contact him
through the Dean of the Chap
el's office.
The supporters of the Convo
cation are wearing white arm
hands this week to alert the stu
dents to this opportunity for
discussion and communal par
ticipation.
The planning committee for
the Convocation for Peace,
termed the Peace Vigil in a ref
erendum on this Wednesday's
ballot, to be held this Saturday,
November 11 at Memorial
Church, issued a statement of
purpose this weekend.
The statement reads, "Th e
meeting will provide an oppor
tunity for individuals concerned
with peace in Vietnam to share
an evening together. There will
be informal groups, speakers,
musical interludes, information
both lyrical and academic, and
an ecumenical midnight ser
vice."
Co-chairman Mike Hughes said

that the program is intended to
be a discussion and a descrip
tion of personal feelings and
commitments, as opposed to a
debate on positions and tactics.
The format is relatively un
structured and is open to indi
vidual expressions of concern.
Steve Cummings asked that mu
sical groups interested in par
ticipating should contact him
through the Dean of the Chap
el's office.
The supporters of the Convo
cation are wearing white arm
hands this week to alert the stu
dents to this opportunity for
discussion and communal par
ticipation.
The planning committee for
the Convocation for Peace,
termed the Peace Vigil in a ref
erendum on this Wednesday's
ballot, to be held this Saturday,
November 11 at Memorial
Church, issued a statement of
purpose this weekend.
The statement reads, "Th e
meeting will provide an oppor
tunity for individuals concerned
with peace in Vietnam to share
an evening together. There will
be informal groups, speakers,
musical interludes, information
both lyrical and academic, and
an ecumenical midnight ser
vice."
Co-chairman Mike Hughes said

that the program is intended to
be a discussion and a descrip
tion of personal feelings and
commitments, as opposed to a
debate on positions and tactics.
The format is relatively un
structured and is open to indi
vidual expressions of concern.
Steve Cummings asked that mu
sical groups interested in par
ticipating should contact him
through the Dean of the Chap
el's office.
The supporters of the Convo
cation are wearing white arm
hands this week to alert the stu
dents to this opportunity for
discussion and communal par
ticipation.
The planning committee for
the Convocation for Peace,
termed the Peace Vigil in a ref
erendum on this Wednesday's
ballot, to be held this Saturday,
November 11 at Memorial
Church, issued a statement of
purpose this weekend.
The statement reads, "Th e
meeting will provide an oppor
tunity for individuals concerned
with peace in Vietnam to share
an evening together. There will
be informal groups, speakers,
musical interludes, information
both lyrical and academic, and
an ecumenical midnight ser
vice."
Co-chairman Mike Hughes said

that the program is intended to
be a discussion and a descrip
tion of personal feelings and
commitments, as opposed to a
debate on positions and tactics.
The format is relatively un
structured and is open to indi
vidual expressions of concern.
Steve Cummings asked that mu
sical groups interested in par
ticipating should contact him
through the Dean of the Chap
el's office.
The supporters of the Convo
cation are wearing white arm
hands this week to alert the stu
dents to this opportunity for
discussion and communal par
ticipation.
The planning committee for
the Convocation for Peace,
termed the Peace Vigil in a ref
erendum on this Wednesday's
ballot, to be held this Saturday,
November 11 at Memorial
Church, issued a statement of
purpose this weekend.
The statement reads, "Th e
meeting will provide an oppor
tunity for individuals concerned
with peace in Vietnam to share
an evening together. There will
be informal groups, speakers,
musical interludes, information
both lyrical and academic, and
an ecumenical midnight ser
vice."
Co-chairman Mike Hughes said

that the program is intended to
be a discussion and a descrip
tion of personal feelings and
commitments, as opposed to a
debate on positions and tactics.
The format is relatively un
structured and is open to indi
vidual expressions of concern.
Steve Cummings asked that mu
sical groups interested in par
ticipating should contact him
through the Dean of the Chap
el's office.
The supporters of the Convo
cation are wearing white arm
hands this week to alert the stu
dents to this opportunity for
discussion and communal par
ticipation.
The planning committee for
the Convocation for Peace,
termed the Peace Vigil in a ref
erendum on this Wednesday's
ballot, to be held this Saturday,
November 11 at Memorial
Church, issued a statement of
purpose this weekend.
The statement reads, "Th e
meeting will provide an oppor
tunity for individuals concerned
with peace in Vietnam to share
an evening together. There will
be informal groups, speakers,
musical interludes, information
both lyrical and academic, and
an ecumenical midnight ser
vice."
Co-chairman Mike Hughes said

that the program is intended to
be a discussion and a descrip
tion of personal feelings and
commitments, as opposed to a
debate on positions and tactics.
The format is relatively un
structured and is open to indi
vidual expressions of concern.
Steve Cummings asked that mu
sical groups interested in par
ticipating should contact him
through the Dean of the Chap
el's office.
The supporters of the Convo
cation are wearing white arm
hands this week to alert the stu
dents to this opportunity for
discussion and communal par
ticipation.
The planning committee for
the Convocation for Peace,
termed the Peace Vigil in a ref
erendum on this Wednesday's
ballot, to be held this Saturday,
November 11 at Memorial
Church, issued a statement of
purpose this weekend.
The statement reads, "Th e
meeting will provide an oppor
tunity for individuals concerned
with peace in Vietnam to share
an evening together. There will
be informal groups, speakers,
musical interludes, information
both lyrical and academic, and
an ecumenical midnight ser
vice."
Co-chairman Mike Hughes said

that the program is intended to
be a discussion and a descrip
tion of personal feelings and
commitments, as opposed to a
debate on positions and tactics.
The format is relatively un
structured and is open to indi
vidual expressions of concern.
Steve Cummings asked that mu
sical groups interested in par
ticipating should contact him
through the Dean of the Chap
el's office.
The supporters of the Convo
cation are wearing white arm
hands this week to alert the stu
dents to this opportunity for
discussion and communal par
ticipation.
The planning committee for
the Convocation for Peace,
termed the Peace Vigil in a ref
erendum on this Wednesday's
ballot, to be held this Saturday,
November 11 at Memorial
Church, issued a statement of
purpose this weekend.
The statement reads, "Th e
meeting will provide an oppor
tunity for individuals concerned
with peace in Vietnam to share
an evening together. There will
be informal groups, speakers,
musical interludes, information
both lyrical and academic, and
an ecumenical midnight ser
vice."
Co-chairman Mike Hughes said

that the program is intended to
be a discussion and a descrip
tion of personal feelings and
commitments, as opposed to a
debate on positions and tactics.
The format is relatively un
structured and is open to indi
vidual expressions of concern.
Steve Cummings asked that mu
sical groups interested in par
ticipating should contact him
through the Dean of the Chap
el's office.
The supporters of the Convo
cation are wearing white arm
hands this week to alert the stu
dents to this opportunity for
discussion and communal par
ticipation.
The planning committee for
the Convocation for Peace,
termed the Peace Vigil in a ref
erendum on this Wednesday's
ballot, to be held this Saturday,
November 11 at Memorial
Church, issued a statement of
purpose this weekend.
The statement reads, "Th e
meeting will provide an oppor
tunity for individuals concerned
with peace in Vietnam to share
an evening together. There will
be informal groups, speakers,
musical interludes, information
both lyrical and academic, and
an ecumenical midnight ser
vice."
Co-chairman Mike Hughes said

that the program is intended to
be a discussion and a descrip
tion of personal feelings and
commitments, as opposed to a
debate on positions and tactics.
The format is relatively un
structured and is open to indi
vidual expressions of concern.
Steve Cummings asked that mu
sical groups interested in par
ticipating should contact him
through the Dean of the Chap
el's office.
The supporters of the Convo
cation are wearing white arm
hands this week to alert the stu
dents to this opportunity for
discussion and communal par
ticipation.
The planning committee for
the Convocation for Peace,
termed the Peace Vigil in a ref
erendum on this Wednesday's
ballot, to be held this Saturday,
November 11 at Memorial
Church, issued a statement of
purpose this weekend.
The statement reads, "Th e
meeting will provide an oppor
tunity for individuals concerned
with peace in Vietnam to share
an evening together. There will
be informal groups, speakers,
musical interludes, information
both lyrical and academic, and
an ecumenical midnight ser
vice."
Co-chairman Mike Hughes said

that the program is intended to
be a discussion and a descrip
tion of personal feelings and
commitments, as opposed to a
debate on positions and tactics.
The format is relatively un
structured and is open to indi
vidual expressions of concern.
Steve Cummings asked that mu
sical groups interested in par
ticipating should contact him
through the Dean of the Chap
el's office.
The supporters of the Convo
cation are wearing white arm
hands this week to alert the stu
dents to this opportunity for
discussion and communal par
ticipation.
The planning committee for
the Convocation for Peace,
termed the Peace Vigil in a ref
erendum on this Wednesday's
ballot, to be held this Saturday,
November 11 at Memorial
Church, issued a statement of
purpose this weekend.
The statement reads, "Th e
meeting will provide an oppor
tunity for individuals concerned
with peace in Vietnam to share
an evening together. There will
be informal groups, speakers,
musical interludes, information
both lyrical and academic, and
an ecumenical midnight ser
vice."
Co-chairman Mike Hughes said

that the program is intended to
be a discussion and a descrip
tion of personal feelings and
commitments, as opposed to a
debate on positions and tactics.
The format is relatively un
structured and is open to indi
vidual expressions of concern.
Steve Cummings asked that mu
sical groups interested in par
ticipating should contact him
through the Dean of the Chap
el's office.
The supporters of the Convo
cation are wearing white arm
hands this week to alert the stu
dents to this opportunity for
discussion and communal par
ticipation.
