# Junipero Link To Be Added
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) —The
California Highway Commission
has allocated an additional $5,-
426,000 to complete the Junipero
Serra Freeway (Interstate 280)
by adding a link behind Stan
ford.
This 6.2-mile addition extends
between Page Mill Road in Los
Altos Hills, to 0.1 mile north
east of Woodside Road.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) —The
California Highway Commission
has allocated an additional $5,-
426,000 to complete the Junipero
Serra Freeway (Interstate 280)
by adding a link behind Stan
ford.
This 6.2-mile addition extends
between Page Mill Road in Los
Altos Hills, to 0.1 mile north
east of Woodside Road.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) —The
California Highway Commission
has allocated an additional $5,-
426,000 to complete the Junipero
Serra Freeway (Interstate 280)
by adding a link behind Stan
ford.
This 6.2-mile addition extends
between Page Mill Road in Los
Altos Hills, to 0.1 mile north
east of Woodside Road.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) —The
California Highway Commission
has allocated an additional $5,-
426,000 to complete the Junipero
Serra Freeway (Interstate 280)
by adding a link behind Stan
ford.
This 6.2-mile addition extends
between Page Mill Road in Los
Altos Hills, to 0.1 mile north
east of Woodside Road.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) —The
California Highway Commission
has allocated an additional $5,-
426,000 to complete the Junipero
Serra Freeway (Interstate 280)
by adding a link behind Stan
ford.
This 6.2-mile addition extends
between Page Mill Road in Los
Altos Hills, to 0.1 mile north
east of Woodside Road.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) —The
California Highway Commission
has allocated an additional $5,-
426,000 to complete the Junipero
Serra Freeway (Interstate 280)
by adding a link behind Stan
ford.
This 6.2-mile addition extends
between Page Mill Road in Los
Altos Hills, to 0.1 mile north
east of Woodside Road.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) —The
California Highway Commission
has allocated an additional $5,-
426,000 to complete the Junipero
Serra Freeway (Interstate 280)
by adding a link behind Stan
ford.
This 6.2-mile addition extends
between Page Mill Road in Los
Altos Hills, to 0.1 mile north
east of Woodside Road.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) —The
California Highway Commission
has allocated an additional $5,-
426,000 to complete the Junipero
Serra Freeway (Interstate 280)
by adding a link behind Stan
ford.
This 6.2-mile addition extends
between Page Mill Road in Los
Altos Hills, to 0.1 mile north
east of Woodside Road.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) —The
California Highway Commission
has allocated an additional $5,-
426,000 to complete the Junipero
Serra Freeway (Interstate 280)
by adding a link behind Stan
ford.
This 6.2-mile addition extends
between Page Mill Road in Los
Altos Hills, to 0.1 mile north
east of Woodside Road.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) —The
California Highway Commission
has allocated an additional $5,-
426,000 to complete the Junipero
Serra Freeway (Interstate 280)
by adding a link behind Stan
ford.
This 6.2-mile addition extends
between Page Mill Road in Los
Altos Hills, to 0.1 mile north
east of Woodside Road.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) —The
California Highway Commission
has allocated an additional $5,-
426,000 to complete the Junipero
Serra Freeway (Interstate 280)
by adding a link behind Stan
ford.
This 6.2-mile addition extends
between Page Mill Road in Los
Altos Hills, to 0.1 mile north
east of Woodside Road.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) —The
California Highway Commission
has allocated an additional $5,-
426,000 to complete the Junipero
Serra Freeway (Interstate 280)
by adding a link behind Stan
ford.
This 6.2-mile addition extends
between Page Mill Road in Los
Altos Hills, to 0.1 mile north
east of Woodside Road.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) —The
California Highway Commission
has allocated an additional $5,-
426,000 to complete the Junipero
Serra Freeway (Interstate 280)
by adding a link behind Stan
ford.
This 6.2-mile addition extends
between Page Mill Road in Los
Altos Hills, to 0.1 mile north
east of Woodside Road.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) —The
California Highway Commission
has allocated an additional $5,-
426,000 to complete the Junipero
Serra Freeway (Interstate 280)
by adding a link behind Stan
ford.
This 6.2-mile addition extends
between Page Mill Road in Los
Altos Hills, to 0.1 mile north
east of Woodside Road.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) —The
California Highway Commission
has allocated an additional $5,-
426,000 to complete the Junipero
Serra Freeway (Interstate 280)
by adding a link behind Stan
ford.
This 6.2-mile addition extends
between Page Mill Road in Los
Altos Hills, to 0.1 mile north
east of Woodside Road.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) —The
California Highway Commission
has allocated an additional $5,-
426,000 to complete the Junipero
Serra Freeway (Interstate 280)
by adding a link behind Stan
ford.
This 6.2-mile addition extends
between Page Mill Road in Los
Altos Hills, to 0.1 mile north
east of Woodside Road.
