# Class of '51 Scroll Ready for Signing
## 
### 
All graduating seniors arc asked
to sign (he Class of '51 scroll
which is now in the ASSIJ office.
The scroll will he placed under
the class block in Inner Quad.
All graduating seniors arc asked
to sign (he Class of '51 scroll
which is now in the ASSIJ office.
The scroll will he placed under
the class block in Inner Quad.
All graduating seniors arc asked
to sign (he Class of '51 scroll
which is now in the ASSIJ office.
The scroll will he placed under
the class block in Inner Quad.
All graduating seniors arc asked
to sign (he Class of '51 scroll
which is now in the ASSIJ office.
The scroll will he placed under
the class block in Inner Quad.
All graduating seniors arc asked
to sign (he Class of '51 scroll
which is now in the ASSIJ office.
The scroll will he placed under
the class block in Inner Quad.
All graduating seniors arc asked
to sign (he Class of '51 scroll
which is now in the ASSIJ office.
The scroll will he placed under
the class block in Inner Quad.
All graduating seniors arc asked
to sign (he Class of '51 scroll
which is now in the ASSIJ office.
The scroll will he placed under
the class block in Inner Quad.
All graduating seniors arc asked
to sign (he Class of '51 scroll
which is now in the ASSIJ office.
The scroll will he placed under
the class block in Inner Quad.
All graduating seniors arc asked
to sign (he Class of '51 scroll
which is now in the ASSIJ office.
The scroll will he placed under
the class block in Inner Quad.
All graduating seniors arc asked
to sign (he Class of '51 scroll
which is now in the ASSIJ office.
The scroll will he placed under
the class block in Inner Quad.
All graduating seniors arc asked
to sign (he Class of '51 scroll
which is now in the ASSIJ office.
The scroll will he placed under
the class block in Inner Quad.
All graduating seniors arc asked
to sign (he Class of '51 scroll
which is now in the ASSIJ office.
The scroll will he placed under
the class block in Inner Quad.
All graduating seniors arc asked
to sign (he Class of '51 scroll
which is now in the ASSIJ office.
The scroll will he placed under
the class block in Inner Quad.
All graduating seniors arc asked
to sign (he Class of '51 scroll
which is now in the ASSIJ office.
The scroll will he placed under
the class block in Inner Quad.
All graduating seniors arc asked
to sign (he Class of '51 scroll
which is now in the ASSIJ office.
The scroll will he placed under
the class block in Inner Quad.
