# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is time for Stanford to enlarge
her range of intercollegiate con
tests. The opportunities are at
hand. Nebraska asks for debate,
Washington iH anxious for a foot
ball game, Michigan's eleven rnav
come to the Coast this winter, and
an effort is being made to bring
Princeton. We must overcome this
tendency toward self-satislied pro
vincialism, which is indicated by
the habit of looking upon nothing
outside of a meet with California
as worth our while. We wish to
measure strength with the institu
tions of the East; we must cultivate
the good will of our sister institu
tions on the Coast, which will grow
to l>e formidable rivals. Shall we
improve our opportunities?
It is time for Stanford to enlarge
her range of intercollegiate con
tests. The opportunities are at
hand. Nebraska asks for debate,
Washington iH anxious for a foot
ball game, Michigan's eleven rnav
come to the Coast this winter, and
an effort is being made to bring
Princeton. We must overcome this
tendency toward self-satislied pro
vincialism, which is indicated by
the habit of looking upon nothing
outside of a meet with California
as worth our while. We wish to
measure strength with the institu
tions of the East; we must cultivate
the good will of our sister institu
tions on the Coast, which will grow
to l>e formidable rivals. Shall we
improve our opportunities?
It is time for Stanford to enlarge
her range of intercollegiate con
tests. The opportunities are at
hand. Nebraska asks for debate,
Washington iH anxious for a foot
ball game, Michigan's eleven rnav
come to the Coast this winter, and
an effort is being made to bring
Princeton. We must overcome this
tendency toward self-satislied pro
vincialism, which is indicated by
the habit of looking upon nothing
outside of a meet with California
as worth our while. We wish to
measure strength with the institu
tions of the East; we must cultivate
the good will of our sister institu
tions on the Coast, which will grow
to l>e formidable rivals. Shall we
improve our opportunities?
It is time for Stanford to enlarge
her range of intercollegiate con
tests. The opportunities are at
hand. Nebraska asks for debate,
Washington iH anxious for a foot
ball game, Michigan's eleven rnav
come to the Coast this winter, and
an effort is being made to bring
Princeton. We must overcome this
tendency toward self-satislied pro
vincialism, which is indicated by
the habit of looking upon nothing
outside of a meet with California
as worth our while. We wish to
measure strength with the institu
tions of the East; we must cultivate
the good will of our sister institu
tions on the Coast, which will grow
to l>e formidable rivals. Shall we
improve our opportunities?
It is time for Stanford to enlarge
her range of intercollegiate con
tests. The opportunities are at
hand. Nebraska asks for debate,
Washington iH anxious for a foot
ball game, Michigan's eleven rnav
come to the Coast this winter, and
an effort is being made to bring
Princeton. We must overcome this
tendency toward self-satislied pro
vincialism, which is indicated by
the habit of looking upon nothing
outside of a meet with California
as worth our while. We wish to
measure strength with the institu
tions of the East; we must cultivate
the good will of our sister institu
tions on the Coast, which will grow
to l>e formidable rivals. Shall we
improve our opportunities?
It is time for Stanford to enlarge
her range of intercollegiate con
tests. The opportunities are at
hand. Nebraska asks for debate,
Washington iH anxious for a foot
ball game, Michigan's eleven rnav
come to the Coast this winter, and
an effort is being made to bring
Princeton. We must overcome this
tendency toward self-satislied pro
vincialism, which is indicated by
the habit of looking upon nothing
outside of a meet with California
as worth our while. We wish to
measure strength with the institu
tions of the East; we must cultivate
the good will of our sister institu
tions on the Coast, which will grow
to l>e formidable rivals. Shall we
improve our opportunities?
It is time for Stanford to enlarge
her range of intercollegiate con
tests. The opportunities are at
hand. Nebraska asks for debate,
Washington iH anxious for a foot
ball game, Michigan's eleven rnav
come to the Coast this winter, and
an effort is being made to bring
Princeton. We must overcome this
tendency toward self-satislied pro
vincialism, which is indicated by
the habit of looking upon nothing
outside of a meet with California
as worth our while. We wish to
measure strength with the institu
tions of the East; we must cultivate
the good will of our sister institu
tions on the Coast, which will grow
to l>e formidable rivals. Shall we
improve our opportunities?
It is time for Stanford to enlarge
her range of intercollegiate con
tests. The opportunities are at
hand. Nebraska asks for debate,
Washington iH anxious for a foot
ball game, Michigan's eleven rnav
come to the Coast this winter, and
an effort is being made to bring
Princeton. We must overcome this
tendency toward self-satislied pro
vincialism, which is indicated by
the habit of looking upon nothing
outside of a meet with California
as worth our while. We wish to
measure strength with the institu
tions of the East; we must cultivate
the good will of our sister institu
tions on the Coast, which will grow
to l>e formidable rivals. Shall we
improve our opportunities?
