# INTRAMURAL RUGBY SERIES TO START NEXT WEDNESDAY
## 
### 
Representatives of campus living
groups met yesterday afternoon in
Encina Gymnasium and laid the basic
plans for an intramural rugby sched
ule. The first game will be played
next Wednesday between team A (En
cina, Sequoia, and off-campus men),
and team B (made up of member of
the Chi Psi, Delta Chi, Phi Delta
Theta, Kappa Sigma, Kappa Alpha,
Sigma Nu, Phi Kappa Sigma and
Alpha Delta Phi fraternities).
Games are scheduled for every
Monday, Wednesday and Friday aft
ernoon. Team C and D clash a week
from tomorrow on the football turf.
Fraternities reprsented by team C
are: Beta Theta Pi, Sigma Alpha Ep
silon, Sigma Chi, Theta Delta Chi,
Theta Xi, Alpha Sigma Phi, and
Alpha Kappa Lambda. Team D will
be made up of men from the Delta
Upsilon, Alpha Tau Omega, Delta
Kappa Epsilon, Phi Gamma Delta,
Delta Tau, Zeta Psi and Theta Chi.
Representatives of campus living
groups met yesterday afternoon in
Encina Gymnasium and laid the basic
plans for an intramural rugby sched
ule. The first game will be played
next Wednesday between team A (En
cina, Sequoia, and off-campus men),
and team B (made up of member of
the Chi Psi, Delta Chi, Phi Delta
Theta, Kappa Sigma, Kappa Alpha,
Sigma Nu, Phi Kappa Sigma and
Alpha Delta Phi fraternities).
Games are scheduled for every
Monday, Wednesday and Friday aft
ernoon. Team C and D clash a week
from tomorrow on the football turf.
Fraternities reprsented by team C
are: Beta Theta Pi, Sigma Alpha Ep
silon, Sigma Chi, Theta Delta Chi,
Theta Xi, Alpha Sigma Phi, and
Alpha Kappa Lambda. Team D will
be made up of men from the Delta
Upsilon, Alpha Tau Omega, Delta
Kappa Epsilon, Phi Gamma Delta,
Delta Tau, Zeta Psi and Theta Chi.
Representatives of campus living
groups met yesterday afternoon in
Encina Gymnasium and laid the basic
plans for an intramural rugby sched
ule. The first game will be played
next Wednesday between team A (En
cina, Sequoia, and off-campus men),
and team B (made up of member of
the Chi Psi, Delta Chi, Phi Delta
Theta, Kappa Sigma, Kappa Alpha,
Sigma Nu, Phi Kappa Sigma and
Alpha Delta Phi fraternities).
Games are scheduled for every
Monday, Wednesday and Friday aft
ernoon. Team C and D clash a week
from tomorrow on the football turf.
Fraternities reprsented by team C
are: Beta Theta Pi, Sigma Alpha Ep
silon, Sigma Chi, Theta Delta Chi,
Theta Xi, Alpha Sigma Phi, and
Alpha Kappa Lambda. Team D will
be made up of men from the Delta
Upsilon, Alpha Tau Omega, Delta
Kappa Epsilon, Phi Gamma Delta,
Delta Tau, Zeta Psi and Theta Chi.
Representatives of campus living
groups met yesterday afternoon in
Encina Gymnasium and laid the basic
plans for an intramural rugby sched
ule. The first game will be played
next Wednesday between team A (En
cina, Sequoia, and off-campus men),
and team B (made up of member of
the Chi Psi, Delta Chi, Phi Delta
Theta, Kappa Sigma, Kappa Alpha,
Sigma Nu, Phi Kappa Sigma and
Alpha Delta Phi fraternities).
Games are scheduled for every
Monday, Wednesday and Friday aft
ernoon. Team C and D clash a week
from tomorrow on the football turf.
Fraternities reprsented by team C
are: Beta Theta Pi, Sigma Alpha Ep
silon, Sigma Chi, Theta Delta Chi,
Theta Xi, Alpha Sigma Phi, and
Alpha Kappa Lambda. Team D will
be made up of men from the Delta
Upsilon, Alpha Tau Omega, Delta
Kappa Epsilon, Phi Gamma Delta,
Delta Tau, Zeta Psi and Theta Chi.
Representatives of campus living
groups met yesterday afternoon in
Encina Gymnasium and laid the basic
plans for an intramural rugby sched
ule. The first game will be played
next Wednesday between team A (En
cina, Sequoia, and off-campus men),
and team B (made up of member of
the Chi Psi, Delta Chi, Phi Delta
Theta, Kappa Sigma, Kappa Alpha,
Sigma Nu, Phi Kappa Sigma and
Alpha Delta Phi fraternities).
Games are scheduled for every
Monday, Wednesday and Friday aft
ernoon. Team C and D clash a week
from tomorrow on the football turf.
Fraternities reprsented by team C
are: Beta Theta Pi, Sigma Alpha Ep
silon, Sigma Chi, Theta Delta Chi,
Theta Xi, Alpha Sigma Phi, and
Alpha Kappa Lambda. Team D will
be made up of men from the Delta
Upsilon, Alpha Tau Omega, Delta
Kappa Epsilon, Phi Gamma Delta,
Delta Tau, Zeta Psi and Theta Chi.
Representatives of campus living
groups met yesterday afternoon in
Encina Gymnasium and laid the basic
plans for an intramural rugby sched
ule. The first game will be played
next Wednesday between team A (En
cina, Sequoia, and off-campus men),
and team B (made up of member of
the Chi Psi, Delta Chi, Phi Delta
Theta, Kappa Sigma, Kappa Alpha,
Sigma Nu, Phi Kappa Sigma and
Alpha Delta Phi fraternities).
Games are scheduled for every
Monday, Wednesday and Friday aft
ernoon. Team C and D clash a week
from tomorrow on the football turf.
Fraternities reprsented by team C
are: Beta Theta Pi, Sigma Alpha Ep
silon, Sigma Chi, Theta Delta Chi,
Theta Xi, Alpha Sigma Phi, and
Alpha Kappa Lambda. Team D will
be made up of men from the Delta
Upsilon, Alpha Tau Omega, Delta
Kappa Epsilon, Phi Gamma Delta,
Delta Tau, Zeta Psi and Theta Chi.
Representatives of campus living
groups met yesterday afternoon in
Encina Gymnasium and laid the basic
plans for an intramural rugby sched
ule. The first game will be played
next Wednesday between team A (En
cina, Sequoia, and off-campus men),
and team B (made up of member of
the Chi Psi, Delta Chi, Phi Delta
Theta, Kappa Sigma, Kappa Alpha,
Sigma Nu, Phi Kappa Sigma and
Alpha Delta Phi fraternities).
Games are scheduled for every
Monday, Wednesday and Friday aft
ernoon. Team C and D clash a week
from tomorrow on the football turf.
Fraternities reprsented by team C
are: Beta Theta Pi, Sigma Alpha Ep
silon, Sigma Chi, Theta Delta Chi,
Theta Xi, Alpha Sigma Phi, and
Alpha Kappa Lambda. Team D will
be made up of men from the Delta
Upsilon, Alpha Tau Omega, Delta
Kappa Epsilon, Phi Gamma Delta,
Delta Tau, Zeta Psi and Theta Chi.
Representatives of campus living
groups met yesterday afternoon in
Encina Gymnasium and laid the basic
plans for an intramural rugby sched
ule. The first game will be played
next Wednesday between team A (En
cina, Sequoia, and off-campus men),
and team B (made up of member of
the Chi Psi, Delta Chi, Phi Delta
Theta, Kappa Sigma, Kappa Alpha,
Sigma Nu, Phi Kappa Sigma and
Alpha Delta Phi fraternities).
Games are scheduled for every
Monday, Wednesday and Friday aft
ernoon. Team C and D clash a week
from tomorrow on the football turf.
Fraternities reprsented by team C
are: Beta Theta Pi, Sigma Alpha Ep
silon, Sigma Chi, Theta Delta Chi,
Theta Xi, Alpha Sigma Phi, and
Alpha Kappa Lambda. Team D will
be made up of men from the Delta
Upsilon, Alpha Tau Omega, Delta
Kappa Epsilon, Phi Gamma Delta,
Delta Tau, Zeta Psi and Theta Chi.
Representatives of campus living
groups met yesterday afternoon in
Encina Gymnasium and laid the basic
plans for an intramural rugby sched
ule. The first game will be played
next Wednesday between team A (En
cina, Sequoia, and off-campus men),
and team B (made up of member of
the Chi Psi, Delta Chi, Phi Delta
Theta, Kappa Sigma, Kappa Alpha,
Sigma Nu, Phi Kappa Sigma and
Alpha Delta Phi fraternities).
Games are scheduled for every
Monday, Wednesday and Friday aft
ernoon. Team C and D clash a week
from tomorrow on the football turf.
Fraternities reprsented by team C
are: Beta Theta Pi, Sigma Alpha Ep
silon, Sigma Chi, Theta Delta Chi,
Theta Xi, Alpha Sigma Phi, and
Alpha Kappa Lambda. Team D will
be made up of men from the Delta
Upsilon, Alpha Tau Omega, Delta
Kappa Epsilon, Phi Gamma Delta,
Delta Tau, Zeta Psi and Theta Chi.
Representatives of campus living
groups met yesterday afternoon in
Encina Gymnasium and laid the basic
plans for an intramural rugby sched
ule. The first game will be played
next Wednesday between team A (En
cina, Sequoia, and off-campus men),
and team B (made up of member of
the Chi Psi, Delta Chi, Phi Delta
Theta, Kappa Sigma, Kappa Alpha,
Sigma Nu, Phi Kappa Sigma and
Alpha Delta Phi fraternities).
Games are scheduled for every
Monday, Wednesday and Friday aft
ernoon. Team C and D clash a week
from tomorrow on the football turf.
Fraternities reprsented by team C
are: Beta Theta Pi, Sigma Alpha Ep
silon, Sigma Chi, Theta Delta Chi,
Theta Xi, Alpha Sigma Phi, and
Alpha Kappa Lambda. Team D will
be made up of men from the Delta
Upsilon, Alpha Tau Omega, Delta
Kappa Epsilon, Phi Gamma Delta,
Delta Tau, Zeta Psi and Theta Chi.
Representatives of campus living
groups met yesterday afternoon in
Encina Gymnasium and laid the basic
plans for an intramural rugby sched
ule. The first game will be played
next Wednesday between team A (En
cina, Sequoia, and off-campus men),
and team B (made up of member of
the Chi Psi, Delta Chi, Phi Delta
Theta, Kappa Sigma, Kappa Alpha,
Sigma Nu, Phi Kappa Sigma and
Alpha Delta Phi fraternities).
Games are scheduled for every
Monday, Wednesday and Friday aft
ernoon. Team C and D clash a week
from tomorrow on the football turf.
Fraternities reprsented by team C
are: Beta Theta Pi, Sigma Alpha Ep
silon, Sigma Chi, Theta Delta Chi,
Theta Xi, Alpha Sigma Phi, and
Alpha Kappa Lambda. Team D will
be made up of men from the Delta
Upsilon, Alpha Tau Omega, Delta
Kappa Epsilon, Phi Gamma Delta,
Delta Tau, Zeta Psi and Theta Chi.
Representatives of campus living
groups met yesterday afternoon in
Encina Gymnasium and laid the basic
plans for an intramural rugby sched
ule. The first game will be played
next Wednesday between team A (En
cina, Sequoia, and off-campus men),
and team B (made up of member of
the Chi Psi, Delta Chi, Phi Delta
Theta, Kappa Sigma, Kappa Alpha,
Sigma Nu, Phi Kappa Sigma and
Alpha Delta Phi fraternities).
Games are scheduled for every
Monday, Wednesday and Friday aft
ernoon. Team C and D clash a week
from tomorrow on the football turf.
Fraternities reprsented by team C
are: Beta Theta Pi, Sigma Alpha Ep
silon, Sigma Chi, Theta Delta Chi,
Theta Xi, Alpha Sigma Phi, and
Alpha Kappa Lambda. Team D will
be made up of men from the Delta
Upsilon, Alpha Tau Omega, Delta
Kappa Epsilon, Phi Gamma Delta,
Delta Tau, Zeta Psi and Theta Chi.
Representatives of campus living
groups met yesterday afternoon in
Encina Gymnasium and laid the basic
plans for an intramural rugby sched
ule. The first game will be played
next Wednesday between team A (En
cina, Sequoia, and off-campus men),
and team B (made up of member of
the Chi Psi, Delta Chi, Phi Delta
Theta, Kappa Sigma, Kappa Alpha,
Sigma Nu, Phi Kappa Sigma and
Alpha Delta Phi fraternities).
Games are scheduled for every
Monday, Wednesday and Friday aft
ernoon. Team C and D clash a week
from tomorrow on the football turf.
Fraternities reprsented by team C
are: Beta Theta Pi, Sigma Alpha Ep
silon, Sigma Chi, Theta Delta Chi,
Theta Xi, Alpha Sigma Phi, and
Alpha Kappa Lambda. Team D will
be made up of men from the Delta
Upsilon, Alpha Tau Omega, Delta
Kappa Epsilon, Phi Gamma Delta,
Delta Tau, Zeta Psi and Theta Chi.
