# Letter to the editor
## 
### 
Report illogical
I failed to follow some of the
logic in the interim report to the
Faculty Senate (Daily, March
2). Specifically, the distinction
made between two conceptions
of the pass/fail option, one as a
fail-safe for GPA maintenance
and the other as an encourage
ment for students to take
courses in unfamiliar areas,
seems to miss the point.
It is precisely by serving as a
fail-safe that the option en
courages students to venture
away from their major require
ments; obviously, pass/fail
does nothing in itself to make
such classes more interesting.
Thus I question the statement,
"The time period through the
third week of the quarter isjsuf
ficient time for a student to test

a course in order to make an
assessment whether or not to
elect pass/fail." This period
will almost always fail to in
clude any significant eval
uation, i.e., midterms or pa
pers.
In effect, establishing a three
week pass/fail deadline would
prompt students to exercise the
option before even entering
courses in unfamiliar areas,
probably leading to a more lack
adaisical attitude concerning
the work in those courses. Per
haps a better solution would
simply be to restrict the
pass/fail option to courses out
side a student's major field re
quirements.
On the difficult issue of grade
inflation, the problem is not
simply one of bunching at the

top end of the spectrum. The un
derlying difficulty is in in
terpreting a given Stanford
grade or GPA relative to those
given out at other schools. This
relative meaning is a function
not only of the academic quali
ties of all schools but also of
their grading practices. Al
though unilateral action cannot
solve this interpretation prob
lem, the University might lead
the way by providing average
CPAs for the student's gradu
ating class and major depart
ment along with his or her indi
vidual GPA, as a way of putting
the latter figure in proper con
text.
Perry Belder
Graduate student
Engineering-
Economic Systems
