# Adv. 4 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS
Say there, you relax
ing with your feet up.
Isn’t it just barely
possible that the long
knockabout summer
has taken something
out of those loafers of
yours? Look again,
man. They’ve had it.
You’d better slide
down to R/A for a
pair of new loafers.
Great selection of
good-walking, good
looking numbers in
brown, black, and
even olive. Your
INDIANS
Say there, you relax
ing with your feet up.
Isn’t it just barely
possible that the long
knockabout summer
has taken something
out of those loafers of
yours? Look again,
man. They’ve had it.
You’d better slide
down to R/A for a
pair of new loafers.
Great selection of
good-walking, good
looking numbers in
brown, black, and
even olive. Your
INDIANS
Say there, you relax
ing with your feet up.
Isn’t it just barely
possible that the long
knockabout summer
has taken something
out of those loafers of
yours? Look again,
man. They’ve had it.
You’d better slide
down to R/A for a
pair of new loafers.
Great selection of
good-walking, good
looking numbers in
brown, black, and
even olive. Your
INDIANS
Say there, you relax
ing with your feet up.
Isn’t it just barely
possible that the long
knockabout summer
has taken something
out of those loafers of
yours? Look again,
man. They’ve had it.
You’d better slide
down to R/A for a
pair of new loafers.
Great selection of
good-walking, good
looking numbers in
brown, black, and
even olive. Your
INDIANS
Say there, you relax
ing with your feet up.
Isn’t it just barely
possible that the long
knockabout summer
has taken something
out of those loafers of
yours? Look again,
man. They’ve had it.
You’d better slide
down to R/A for a
pair of new loafers.
Great selection of
good-walking, good
looking numbers in
brown, black, and
even olive. Your
INDIANS
Say there, you relax
ing with your feet up.
Isn’t it just barely
possible that the long
knockabout summer
has taken something
out of those loafers of
yours? Look again,
man. They’ve had it.
You’d better slide
down to R/A for a
pair of new loafers.
Great selection of
good-walking, good
looking numbers in
brown, black, and
even olive. Your
INDIANS
Say there, you relax
ing with your feet up.
Isn’t it just barely
possible that the long
knockabout summer
has taken something
out of those loafers of
yours? Look again,
man. They’ve had it.
You’d better slide
down to R/A for a
pair of new loafers.
Great selection of
good-walking, good
looking numbers in
brown, black, and
even olive. Your
INDIANS
Say there, you relax
ing with your feet up.
Isn’t it just barely
possible that the long
knockabout summer
has taken something
out of those loafers of
yours? Look again,
man. They’ve had it.
You’d better slide
down to R/A for a
pair of new loafers.
Great selection of
good-walking, good
looking numbers in
brown, black, and
even olive. Your
INDIANS
Say there, you relax
ing with your feet up.
Isn’t it just barely
possible that the long
knockabout summer
has taken something
out of those loafers of
yours? Look again,
man. They’ve had it.
You’d better slide
down to R/A for a
pair of new loafers.
Great selection of
good-walking, good
looking numbers in
brown, black, and
even olive. Your
INDIANS
Say there, you relax
ing with your feet up.
Isn’t it just barely
possible that the long
knockabout summer
has taken something
out of those loafers of
yours? Look again,
man. They’ve had it.
You’d better slide
down to R/A for a
pair of new loafers.
Great selection of
good-walking, good
looking numbers in
brown, black, and
even olive. Your
INDIANS
Say there, you relax
ing with your feet up.
Isn’t it just barely
possible that the long
knockabout summer
has taken something
out of those loafers of
yours? Look again,
man. They’ve had it.
You’d better slide
down to R/A for a
pair of new loafers.
Great selection of
good-walking, good
looking numbers in
brown, black, and
even olive. Your
INDIANS
Say there, you relax
ing with your feet up.
Isn’t it just barely
possible that the long
knockabout summer
has taken something
out of those loafers of
yours? Look again,
man. They’ve had it.
You’d better slide
down to R/A for a
pair of new loafers.
Great selection of
good-walking, good
looking numbers in
brown, black, and
even olive. Your
INDIANS
Say there, you relax
ing with your feet up.
Isn’t it just barely
possible that the long
knockabout summer
has taken something
out of those loafers of
yours? Look again,
man. They’ve had it.
You’d better slide
down to R/A for a
pair of new loafers.
Great selection of
good-walking, good
looking numbers in
brown, black, and
even olive. Your
INDIANS
Say there, you relax
ing with your feet up.
Isn’t it just barely
possible that the long
knockabout summer
has taken something
out of those loafers of
yours? Look again,
man. They’ve had it.
You’d better slide
down to R/A for a
pair of new loafers.
Great selection of
good-walking, good
looking numbers in
brown, black, and
even olive. Your
INDIANS
Say there, you relax
ing with your feet up.
Isn’t it just barely
possible that the long
knockabout summer
has taken something
out of those loafers of
yours? Look again,
man. They’ve had it.
You’d better slide
down to R/A for a
pair of new loafers.
Great selection of
good-walking, good
looking numbers in
brown, black, and
even olive. Your
INDIANS
Say there, you relax
ing with your feet up.
Isn’t it just barely
possible that the long
knockabout summer
has taken something
out of those loafers of
yours? Look again,
man. They’ve had it.
You’d better slide
down to R/A for a
pair of new loafers.
Great selection of
good-walking, good
looking numbers in
brown, black, and
even olive. Your
INDIANS
Say there, you relax
ing with your feet up.
Isn’t it just barely
possible that the long
knockabout summer
has taken something
out of those loafers of
yours? Look again,
man. They’ve had it.
You’d better slide
down to R/A for a
pair of new loafers.
Great selection of
good-walking, good
looking numbers in
brown, black, and
even olive. Your
