# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS*
i
The life of a forest
ranger is lonely, or
so say the forestry
majors! It doesn't
have to be! Just slip
into a Pendleton shirt
from R A and you’ll
notice the difference
immediately! Come
in a big range of
patterns and colors.
Priced from 11.95,
too. Not only are
they good for the
forest either!
■
■
I
I
roqs/atkins
INDIANS*
i
The life of a forest
ranger is lonely, or
so say the forestry
majors! It doesn't
have to be! Just slip
into a Pendleton shirt
from R A and you’ll
notice the difference
immediately! Come
in a big range of
patterns and colors.
Priced from 11.95,
too. Not only are
they good for the
forest either!
■
■
I
I
roqs/atkins
INDIANS*
i
The life of a forest
ranger is lonely, or
so say the forestry
majors! It doesn't
have to be! Just slip
into a Pendleton shirt
from R A and you’ll
notice the difference
immediately! Come
in a big range of
patterns and colors.
Priced from 11.95,
too. Not only are
they good for the
forest either!
■
■
I
I
roqs/atkins
INDIANS*
i
The life of a forest
ranger is lonely, or
so say the forestry
majors! It doesn't
have to be! Just slip
into a Pendleton shirt
from R A and you’ll
notice the difference
immediately! Come
in a big range of
patterns and colors.
Priced from 11.95,
too. Not only are
they good for the
forest either!
■
■
I
I
roqs/atkins
INDIANS*
i
The life of a forest
ranger is lonely, or
so say the forestry
majors! It doesn't
have to be! Just slip
into a Pendleton shirt
from R A and you’ll
notice the difference
immediately! Come
in a big range of
patterns and colors.
Priced from 11.95,
too. Not only are
they good for the
forest either!
■
■
I
I
roqs/atkins
INDIANS*
i
The life of a forest
ranger is lonely, or
so say the forestry
majors! It doesn't
have to be! Just slip
into a Pendleton shirt
from R A and you’ll
notice the difference
immediately! Come
in a big range of
patterns and colors.
Priced from 11.95,
too. Not only are
they good for the
forest either!
■
■
I
I
roqs/atkins
INDIANS*
i
The life of a forest
ranger is lonely, or
so say the forestry
majors! It doesn't
have to be! Just slip
into a Pendleton shirt
from R A and you’ll
notice the difference
immediately! Come
in a big range of
patterns and colors.
Priced from 11.95,
too. Not only are
they good for the
forest either!
■
■
I
I
roqs/atkins
INDIANS*
i
The life of a forest
ranger is lonely, or
so say the forestry
majors! It doesn't
have to be! Just slip
into a Pendleton shirt
from R A and you’ll
notice the difference
immediately! Come
in a big range of
patterns and colors.
Priced from 11.95,
too. Not only are
they good for the
forest either!
■
■
I
I
roqs/atkins
INDIANS*
i
The life of a forest
ranger is lonely, or
so say the forestry
majors! It doesn't
have to be! Just slip
into a Pendleton shirt
from R A and you’ll
notice the difference
immediately! Come
in a big range of
patterns and colors.
Priced from 11.95,
too. Not only are
they good for the
forest either!
■
■
I
I
roqs/atkins
INDIANS*
i
The life of a forest
ranger is lonely, or
so say the forestry
majors! It doesn't
have to be! Just slip
into a Pendleton shirt
from R A and you’ll
notice the difference
immediately! Come
in a big range of
patterns and colors.
Priced from 11.95,
too. Not only are
they good for the
forest either!
■
■
I
I
roqs/atkins
INDIANS*
i
The life of a forest
ranger is lonely, or
so say the forestry
majors! It doesn't
have to be! Just slip
into a Pendleton shirt
from R A and you’ll
notice the difference
immediately! Come
in a big range of
patterns and colors.
Priced from 11.95,
too. Not only are
they good for the
forest either!
■
■
I
I
roqs/atkins
INDIANS*
i
The life of a forest
ranger is lonely, or
so say the forestry
majors! It doesn't
have to be! Just slip
into a Pendleton shirt
from R A and you’ll
notice the difference
immediately! Come
in a big range of
patterns and colors.
Priced from 11.95,
too. Not only are
they good for the
forest either!
■
■
I
I
roqs/atkins
INDIANS*
i
The life of a forest
ranger is lonely, or
so say the forestry
majors! It doesn't
have to be! Just slip
into a Pendleton shirt
from R A and you’ll
notice the difference
immediately! Come
in a big range of
patterns and colors.
Priced from 11.95,
too. Not only are
they good for the
forest either!
■
■
I
I
roqs/atkins
INDIANS*
i
The life of a forest
ranger is lonely, or
so say the forestry
majors! It doesn't
have to be! Just slip
into a Pendleton shirt
from R A and you’ll
notice the difference
immediately! Come
in a big range of
patterns and colors.
Priced from 11.95,
too. Not only are
they good for the
forest either!
■
■
I
I
roqs/atkins
INDIANS*
i
The life of a forest
ranger is lonely, or
so say the forestry
majors! It doesn't
have to be! Just slip
into a Pendleton shirt
from R A and you’ll
notice the difference
immediately! Come
in a big range of
patterns and colors.
Priced from 11.95,
too. Not only are
they good for the
forest either!
■
■
I
I
roqs/atkins
INDIANS*
i
The life of a forest
ranger is lonely, or
so say the forestry
majors! It doesn't
have to be! Just slip
into a Pendleton shirt
from R A and you’ll
notice the difference
immediately! Come
in a big range of
patterns and colors.
Priced from 11.95,
too. Not only are
they good for the
forest either!
■
■
I
I
roqs/atkins
INDIANS*
i
The life of a forest
ranger is lonely, or
so say the forestry
majors! It doesn't
have to be! Just slip
into a Pendleton shirt
from R A and you’ll
notice the difference
immediately! Come
in a big range of
patterns and colors.
Priced from 11.95,
too. Not only are
they good for the
forest either!
■
■
I
I
roqs/atkins
