# B'nai B'rith Reneges.
## 
### 
On account ot' the failure of the
Is'nai B'rith basketball team to play
the Stanford five, Saturday, the Car
dinal won by default. This was to
have been the first game in the Paci
fic Athletic Association series. Stan
ford will meet the University of Cali
fornia team on Wednesday in the sec
ond round.
On account ot' the failure of the
Is'nai B'rith basketball team to play
the Stanford five, Saturday, the Car
dinal won by default. This was to
have been the first game in the Paci
fic Athletic Association series. Stan
ford will meet the University of Cali
fornia team on Wednesday in the sec
ond round.
On account ot' the failure of the
Is'nai B'rith basketball team to play
the Stanford five, Saturday, the Car
dinal won by default. This was to
have been the first game in the Paci
fic Athletic Association series. Stan
ford will meet the University of Cali
fornia team on Wednesday in the sec
ond round.
On account ot' the failure of the
Is'nai B'rith basketball team to play
the Stanford five, Saturday, the Car
dinal won by default. This was to
have been the first game in the Paci
fic Athletic Association series. Stan
ford will meet the University of Cali
fornia team on Wednesday in the sec
ond round.
On account ot' the failure of the
Is'nai B'rith basketball team to play
the Stanford five, Saturday, the Car
dinal won by default. This was to
have been the first game in the Paci
fic Athletic Association series. Stan
ford will meet the University of Cali
fornia team on Wednesday in the sec
ond round.
On account ot' the failure of the
Is'nai B'rith basketball team to play
the Stanford five, Saturday, the Car
dinal won by default. This was to
have been the first game in the Paci
fic Athletic Association series. Stan
ford will meet the University of Cali
fornia team on Wednesday in the sec
ond round.
On account ot' the failure of the
Is'nai B'rith basketball team to play
the Stanford five, Saturday, the Car
dinal won by default. This was to
have been the first game in the Paci
fic Athletic Association series. Stan
ford will meet the University of Cali
fornia team on Wednesday in the sec
ond round.
On account ot' the failure of the
Is'nai B'rith basketball team to play
the Stanford five, Saturday, the Car
dinal won by default. This was to
have been the first game in the Paci
fic Athletic Association series. Stan
ford will meet the University of Cali
fornia team on Wednesday in the sec
ond round.
On account ot' the failure of the
Is'nai B'rith basketball team to play
the Stanford five, Saturday, the Car
dinal won by default. This was to
have been the first game in the Paci
fic Athletic Association series. Stan
ford will meet the University of Cali
fornia team on Wednesday in the sec
ond round.
On account ot' the failure of the
Is'nai B'rith basketball team to play
the Stanford five, Saturday, the Car
dinal won by default. This was to
have been the first game in the Paci
fic Athletic Association series. Stan
ford will meet the University of Cali
fornia team on Wednesday in the sec
ond round.
On account ot' the failure of the
Is'nai B'rith basketball team to play
the Stanford five, Saturday, the Car
dinal won by default. This was to
have been the first game in the Paci
fic Athletic Association series. Stan
ford will meet the University of Cali
fornia team on Wednesday in the sec
ond round.
On account ot' the failure of the
Is'nai B'rith basketball team to play
the Stanford five, Saturday, the Car
dinal won by default. This was to
have been the first game in the Paci
fic Athletic Association series. Stan
ford will meet the University of Cali
fornia team on Wednesday in the sec
ond round.
On account ot' the failure of the
Is'nai B'rith basketball team to play
the Stanford five, Saturday, the Car
dinal won by default. This was to
have been the first game in the Paci
fic Athletic Association series. Stan
ford will meet the University of Cali
fornia team on Wednesday in the sec
ond round.
