# Adv. 16 Page 7
## 
### 
YOUR GREATEST
TRIBUTE... THE
ELIMINATION
OF CANCER.
A Memorial Qlft to the
American Cancer Society Is a
meaningful remembrance of
loved ones at a time wtien
meanings sire so Important
And they help the Society
carry on its important
programs of cancer control.
Tor more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
AMERICAN
VCANCER
112 SOCIETY"
YOUR GREATEST
TRIBUTE... THE
ELIMINATION
OF CANCER.
A Memorial Qlft to the
American Cancer Society Is a
meaningful remembrance of
loved ones at a time wtien
meanings sire so Important
And they help the Society
carry on its important
programs of cancer control.
Tor more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
AMERICAN
VCANCER
112 SOCIETY"
YOUR GREATEST
TRIBUTE... THE
ELIMINATION
OF CANCER.
A Memorial Qlft to the
American Cancer Society Is a
meaningful remembrance of
loved ones at a time wtien
meanings sire so Important
And they help the Society
carry on its important
programs of cancer control.
Tor more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
AMERICAN
VCANCER
112 SOCIETY"
YOUR GREATEST
TRIBUTE... THE
ELIMINATION
OF CANCER.
A Memorial Qlft to the
American Cancer Society Is a
meaningful remembrance of
loved ones at a time wtien
meanings sire so Important
And they help the Society
carry on its important
programs of cancer control.
Tor more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
AMERICAN
VCANCER
112 SOCIETY"
YOUR GREATEST
TRIBUTE... THE
ELIMINATION
OF CANCER.
A Memorial Qlft to the
American Cancer Society Is a
meaningful remembrance of
loved ones at a time wtien
meanings sire so Important
And they help the Society
carry on its important
programs of cancer control.
Tor more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
AMERICAN
VCANCER
112 SOCIETY"
YOUR GREATEST
TRIBUTE... THE
ELIMINATION
OF CANCER.
A Memorial Qlft to the
American Cancer Society Is a
meaningful remembrance of
loved ones at a time wtien
meanings sire so Important
And they help the Society
carry on its important
programs of cancer control.
Tor more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
AMERICAN
VCANCER
112 SOCIETY"
YOUR GREATEST
TRIBUTE... THE
ELIMINATION
OF CANCER.
A Memorial Qlft to the
American Cancer Society Is a
meaningful remembrance of
loved ones at a time wtien
meanings sire so Important
And they help the Society
carry on its important
programs of cancer control.
Tor more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
AMERICAN
VCANCER
112 SOCIETY"
