# One More Transplant
## 
### 
Mrs. lanza Kingsley, 48, of
Sacramento, received a new heart
in an operation at Stanford
University Monday and was
reported making a satisfactory
recovery today.
She was the 28 th heart
transplant recipient at Stanford
and the third woman to receive a
new heart in operations at the
hospital.
Mrs. Kingsley has been disabled
since a massive heart attack in
September, 1 970. Up until the
day before her heart attack, she
had worked as a stitcher operator
at Calpine Containers, a
Sacramento factory.
She has three grown children
and one grandson.
Mrs. lanza Kingsley, 48, of
Sacramento, received a new heart
in an operation at Stanford
University Monday and was
reported making a satisfactory
recovery today.
She was the 28 th heart
transplant recipient at Stanford
and the third woman to receive a
new heart in operations at the
hospital.
Mrs. Kingsley has been disabled
since a massive heart attack in
September, 1 970. Up until the
day before her heart attack, she
had worked as a stitcher operator
at Calpine Containers, a
Sacramento factory.
She has three grown children
and one grandson.
Mrs. lanza Kingsley, 48, of
Sacramento, received a new heart
in an operation at Stanford
University Monday and was
reported making a satisfactory
recovery today.
She was the 28 th heart
transplant recipient at Stanford
and the third woman to receive a
new heart in operations at the
hospital.
Mrs. Kingsley has been disabled
since a massive heart attack in
September, 1 970. Up until the
day before her heart attack, she
had worked as a stitcher operator
at Calpine Containers, a
Sacramento factory.
She has three grown children
and one grandson.
Mrs. lanza Kingsley, 48, of
Sacramento, received a new heart
in an operation at Stanford
University Monday and was
reported making a satisfactory
recovery today.
She was the 28 th heart
transplant recipient at Stanford
and the third woman to receive a
new heart in operations at the
hospital.
Mrs. Kingsley has been disabled
since a massive heart attack in
September, 1 970. Up until the
day before her heart attack, she
had worked as a stitcher operator
at Calpine Containers, a
Sacramento factory.
She has three grown children
and one grandson.
Mrs. lanza Kingsley, 48, of
Sacramento, received a new heart
in an operation at Stanford
University Monday and was
reported making a satisfactory
recovery today.
She was the 28 th heart
transplant recipient at Stanford
and the third woman to receive a
new heart in operations at the
hospital.
Mrs. Kingsley has been disabled
since a massive heart attack in
September, 1 970. Up until the
day before her heart attack, she
had worked as a stitcher operator
at Calpine Containers, a
Sacramento factory.
She has three grown children
and one grandson.
Mrs. lanza Kingsley, 48, of
Sacramento, received a new heart
in an operation at Stanford
University Monday and was
reported making a satisfactory
recovery today.
She was the 28 th heart
transplant recipient at Stanford
and the third woman to receive a
new heart in operations at the
hospital.
Mrs. Kingsley has been disabled
since a massive heart attack in
September, 1 970. Up until the
day before her heart attack, she
had worked as a stitcher operator
at Calpine Containers, a
Sacramento factory.
She has three grown children
and one grandson.
Mrs. lanza Kingsley, 48, of
Sacramento, received a new heart
in an operation at Stanford
University Monday and was
reported making a satisfactory
recovery today.
She was the 28 th heart
transplant recipient at Stanford
and the third woman to receive a
new heart in operations at the
hospital.
Mrs. Kingsley has been disabled
since a massive heart attack in
September, 1 970. Up until the
day before her heart attack, she
had worked as a stitcher operator
at Calpine Containers, a
Sacramento factory.
She has three grown children
and one grandson.
Mrs. lanza Kingsley, 48, of
Sacramento, received a new heart
in an operation at Stanford
University Monday and was
reported making a satisfactory
recovery today.
She was the 28 th heart
transplant recipient at Stanford
and the third woman to receive a
new heart in operations at the
hospital.
Mrs. Kingsley has been disabled
since a massive heart attack in
September, 1 970. Up until the
day before her heart attack, she
had worked as a stitcher operator
at Calpine Containers, a
Sacramento factory.
She has three grown children
and one grandson.
Mrs. lanza Kingsley, 48, of
Sacramento, received a new heart
in an operation at Stanford
University Monday and was
reported making a satisfactory
recovery today.
She was the 28 th heart
transplant recipient at Stanford
and the third woman to receive a
new heart in operations at the
hospital.
Mrs. Kingsley has been disabled
since a massive heart attack in
September, 1 970. Up until the
day before her heart attack, she
had worked as a stitcher operator
at Calpine Containers, a
Sacramento factory.
She has three grown children
and one grandson.
Mrs. lanza Kingsley, 48, of
Sacramento, received a new heart
in an operation at Stanford
University Monday and was
reported making a satisfactory
recovery today.
She was the 28 th heart
transplant recipient at Stanford
and the third woman to receive a
new heart in operations at the
hospital.
Mrs. Kingsley has been disabled
since a massive heart attack in
September, 1 970. Up until the
day before her heart attack, she
had worked as a stitcher operator
at Calpine Containers, a
Sacramento factory.
She has three grown children
and one grandson.
Mrs. lanza Kingsley, 48, of
Sacramento, received a new heart
in an operation at Stanford
University Monday and was
reported making a satisfactory
recovery today.
She was the 28 th heart
transplant recipient at Stanford
and the third woman to receive a
new heart in operations at the
hospital.
Mrs. Kingsley has been disabled
since a massive heart attack in
September, 1 970. Up until the
day before her heart attack, she
had worked as a stitcher operator
at Calpine Containers, a
Sacramento factory.
She has three grown children
and one grandson.
Mrs. lanza Kingsley, 48, of
Sacramento, received a new heart
in an operation at Stanford
University Monday and was
reported making a satisfactory
recovery today.
She was the 28 th heart
transplant recipient at Stanford
and the third woman to receive a
new heart in operations at the
hospital.
Mrs. Kingsley has been disabled
since a massive heart attack in
September, 1 970. Up until the
day before her heart attack, she
had worked as a stitcher operator
at Calpine Containers, a
Sacramento factory.
She has three grown children
and one grandson.
Mrs. lanza Kingsley, 48, of
Sacramento, received a new heart
in an operation at Stanford
University Monday and was
reported making a satisfactory
recovery today.
She was the 28 th heart
transplant recipient at Stanford
and the third woman to receive a
new heart in operations at the
hospital.
Mrs. Kingsley has been disabled
since a massive heart attack in
September, 1 970. Up until the
day before her heart attack, she
had worked as a stitcher operator
at Calpine Containers, a
Sacramento factory.
She has three grown children
and one grandson.
Mrs. lanza Kingsley, 48, of
Sacramento, received a new heart
in an operation at Stanford
University Monday and was
reported making a satisfactory
recovery today.
She was the 28 th heart
transplant recipient at Stanford
and the third woman to receive a
new heart in operations at the
hospital.
Mrs. Kingsley has been disabled
since a massive heart attack in
September, 1 970. Up until the
day before her heart attack, she
had worked as a stitcher operator
at Calpine Containers, a
Sacramento factory.
She has three grown children
and one grandson.
