# Untitled Article
## 
### 
By one of the rules adopted at the
recent meeting of the athletic com
mittees of the two universities,
Captain Dyer will have to send
to Berkeley's captain by March
16 a list of all candidates for our
baseball team. To be sure, these
rules are yet to be ratified by the
Executive Committee of the Associ
ated Students, but there is little
doubt that this particular one will
be. In fact, there seems to be no
reason why it should not become a
permanent rule. But the fact that
its adoption is imminent should not
be forgotten. The present list of
candidates is a comparatively short
one. Men who are withholding their
names from the list for any reason
should give them to Captain Dyer at
once. The Varsity cannot afford to
lose the assistance of a good player
from a failure to observe this tech
nicality.
