# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The first field-day of the season
will be held tomorrow under the
auspices of the Olympic Athletic
Club. A number of Stanford men
have entered some of the events,
and every student who can possibly
do so should attend the meet, and
thus encourage our men l>y his en
thusiasm and presence.
The first field-day of the season
will be held tomorrow under the
auspices of the Olympic Athletic
Club. A number of Stanford men
have entered some of the events,
and every student who can possibly
do so should attend the meet, and
thus encourage our men l>y his en
thusiasm and presence.
The first field-day of the season
will be held tomorrow under the
auspices of the Olympic Athletic
Club. A number of Stanford men
have entered some of the events,
and every student who can possibly
do so should attend the meet, and
thus encourage our men l>y his en
thusiasm and presence.
The first field-day of the season
will be held tomorrow under the
auspices of the Olympic Athletic
Club. A number of Stanford men
have entered some of the events,
and every student who can possibly
do so should attend the meet, and
thus encourage our men l>y his en
thusiasm and presence.
