# Library Administration Discussed.
## 
### 
"Administration in College Li
braries" was discussed by the
Library Club at its meeting yes
terday. The discussion was led by
Librarian Dodge, who has collected
data on the income, expenses, cir
culation, and cataloguing in the
twelve leading college libraries in
the United Stales. The regular
reports on library literature and
the work of library clubs were read
by Miss Hays and Miss Haven.
"Administration in College Li
braries" was discussed by the
Library Club at its meeting yes
terday. The discussion was led by
Librarian Dodge, who has collected
data on the income, expenses, cir
culation, and cataloguing in the
twelve leading college libraries in
the United Stales. The regular
reports on library literature and
the work of library clubs were read
by Miss Hays and Miss Haven.
"Administration in College Li
braries" was discussed by the
Library Club at its meeting yes
terday. The discussion was led by
Librarian Dodge, who has collected
data on the income, expenses, cir
culation, and cataloguing in the
twelve leading college libraries in
the United Stales. The regular
reports on library literature and
the work of library clubs were read
by Miss Hays and Miss Haven.
"Administration in College Li
braries" was discussed by the
Library Club at its meeting yes
terday. The discussion was led by
Librarian Dodge, who has collected
data on the income, expenses, cir
culation, and cataloguing in the
twelve leading college libraries in
the United Stales. The regular
reports on library literature and
the work of library clubs were read
by Miss Hays and Miss Haven.
"Administration in College Li
braries" was discussed by the
Library Club at its meeting yes
terday. The discussion was led by
Librarian Dodge, who has collected
data on the income, expenses, cir
culation, and cataloguing in the
twelve leading college libraries in
the United Stales. The regular
reports on library literature and
the work of library clubs were read
by Miss Hays and Miss Haven.
"Administration in College Li
braries" was discussed by the
Library Club at its meeting yes
terday. The discussion was led by
Librarian Dodge, who has collected
data on the income, expenses, cir
culation, and cataloguing in the
twelve leading college libraries in
the United Stales. The regular
reports on library literature and
the work of library clubs were read
by Miss Hays and Miss Haven.
"Administration in College Li
braries" was discussed by the
Library Club at its meeting yes
terday. The discussion was led by
Librarian Dodge, who has collected
data on the income, expenses, cir
culation, and cataloguing in the
twelve leading college libraries in
the United Stales. The regular
reports on library literature and
the work of library clubs were read
by Miss Hays and Miss Haven.
"Administration in College Li
braries" was discussed by the
Library Club at its meeting yes
terday. The discussion was led by
Librarian Dodge, who has collected
data on the income, expenses, cir
culation, and cataloguing in the
twelve leading college libraries in
the United Stales. The regular
reports on library literature and
the work of library clubs were read
by Miss Hays and Miss Haven.
"Administration in College Li
braries" was discussed by the
Library Club at its meeting yes
terday. The discussion was led by
Librarian Dodge, who has collected
data on the income, expenses, cir
culation, and cataloguing in the
twelve leading college libraries in
the United Stales. The regular
reports on library literature and
the work of library clubs were read
by Miss Hays and Miss Haven.
