# Campus Opinion
## 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
The "Case of the Sabotaging Professors"
seems to be getting out of hand. Mr. Norberg's
irony was just a little unkind. Understanding,
not sarcasm, would have been a better catalyst.
True, those with a limited concept of the
ever-changing and progressive nature of de
mocracy are quite apt to hold a rather naive
belief in the perfection and immutability of
their own American scene. Add to this the un
mixed deductive reasoning so largely used in
Stanford courses, especially the basic sciences,
and you cannot expect a very broad vision. But
it seems to me that the enthusiasm and sincerity
of the first writer were great enough for us to
overlook much. You can do much with en
thusiasm. very little with cynicism, and the
American Way, after all, provides some reason
ably good, if imperfect, evidences of its value.
Let's not despise realism either. History has
made it rather clear that idealism, if it is to be
humanly effective, must possess a sound real
istic basis.
Jackeline H. Armstrong
