# Witnesses
## 
### 
Important: Any witnesses of Friday
arrests or any that subsequently occur,
please contact A3M legal defense at
328-4941.
Important: Any witnesses of Friday
arrests or any that subsequently occur,
please contact A3M legal defense at
328-4941.
Important: Any witnesses of Friday
arrests or any that subsequently occur,
please contact A3M legal defense at
328-4941.
Important: Any witnesses of Friday
arrests or any that subsequently occur,
please contact A3M legal defense at
328-4941.
Important: Any witnesses of Friday
arrests or any that subsequently occur,
please contact A3M legal defense at
328-4941.
Important: Any witnesses of Friday
arrests or any that subsequently occur,
please contact A3M legal defense at
328-4941.
Important: Any witnesses of Friday
arrests or any that subsequently occur,
please contact A3M legal defense at
328-4941.
Important: Any witnesses of Friday
arrests or any that subsequently occur,
please contact A3M legal defense at
328-4941.
Important: Any witnesses of Friday
arrests or any that subsequently occur,
please contact A3M legal defense at
328-4941.
Important: Any witnesses of Friday
arrests or any that subsequently occur,
please contact A3M legal defense at
328-4941.
Important: Any witnesses of Friday
arrests or any that subsequently occur,
please contact A3M legal defense at
328-4941.
Important: Any witnesses of Friday
arrests or any that subsequently occur,
please contact A3M legal defense at
328-4941.
Important: Any witnesses of Friday
arrests or any that subsequently occur,
please contact A3M legal defense at
328-4941.
Important: Any witnesses of Friday
arrests or any that subsequently occur,
please contact A3M legal defense at
328-4941.
