# Seramin Gains 23 Yards for Broncos
## 
### 

In this picture Hal Seramin (;{). Santa Clara back, turned in a 23-yard gain for the Broncos. Despite his
playing and that of team-mates, Stanford won !) to (i. Bassi (16), Santa Clara guard, is shown rushing in to
spill Reynolds (15), Stanford tackle, and Topping (49), one of Stanford's ends, is left behind. (Associated
Press Photo.)

In this picture Hal Seramin (;{). Santa Clara back, turned in a 23-yard gain for the Broncos. Despite his
playing and that of team-mates, Stanford won !) to (i. Bassi (16), Santa Clara guard, is shown rushing in to
spill Reynolds (15), Stanford tackle, and Topping (49), one of Stanford's ends, is left behind. (Associated
Press Photo.)

In this picture Hal Seramin (;{). Santa Clara back, turned in a 23-yard gain for the Broncos. Despite his
playing and that of team-mates, Stanford won !) to (i. Bassi (16), Santa Clara guard, is shown rushing in to
spill Reynolds (15), Stanford tackle, and Topping (49), one of Stanford's ends, is left behind. (Associated
Press Photo.)

In this picture Hal Seramin (;{). Santa Clara back, turned in a 23-yard gain for the Broncos. Despite his
playing and that of team-mates, Stanford won !) to (i. Bassi (16), Santa Clara guard, is shown rushing in to
spill Reynolds (15), Stanford tackle, and Topping (49), one of Stanford's ends, is left behind. (Associated
Press Photo.)

In this picture Hal Seramin (;{). Santa Clara back, turned in a 23-yard gain for the Broncos. Despite his
playing and that of team-mates, Stanford won !) to (i. Bassi (16), Santa Clara guard, is shown rushing in to
spill Reynolds (15), Stanford tackle, and Topping (49), one of Stanford's ends, is left behind. (Associated
Press Photo.)

In this picture Hal Seramin (;{). Santa Clara back, turned in a 23-yard gain for the Broncos. Despite his
playing and that of team-mates, Stanford won !) to (i. Bassi (16), Santa Clara guard, is shown rushing in to
spill Reynolds (15), Stanford tackle, and Topping (49), one of Stanford's ends, is left behind. (Associated
Press Photo.)

In this picture Hal Seramin (;{). Santa Clara back, turned in a 23-yard gain for the Broncos. Despite his
playing and that of team-mates, Stanford won !) to (i. Bassi (16), Santa Clara guard, is shown rushing in to
spill Reynolds (15), Stanford tackle, and Topping (49), one of Stanford's ends, is left behind. (Associated
Press Photo.)

In this picture Hal Seramin (;{). Santa Clara back, turned in a 23-yard gain for the Broncos. Despite his
playing and that of team-mates, Stanford won !) to (i. Bassi (16), Santa Clara guard, is shown rushing in to
spill Reynolds (15), Stanford tackle, and Topping (49), one of Stanford's ends, is left behind. (Associated
Press Photo.)

In this picture Hal Seramin (;{). Santa Clara back, turned in a 23-yard gain for the Broncos. Despite his
playing and that of team-mates, Stanford won !) to (i. Bassi (16), Santa Clara guard, is shown rushing in to
spill Reynolds (15), Stanford tackle, and Topping (49), one of Stanford's ends, is left behind. (Associated
Press Photo.)

In this picture Hal Seramin (;{). Santa Clara back, turned in a 23-yard gain for the Broncos. Despite his
playing and that of team-mates, Stanford won !) to (i. Bassi (16), Santa Clara guard, is shown rushing in to
spill Reynolds (15), Stanford tackle, and Topping (49), one of Stanford's ends, is left behind. (Associated
Press Photo.)

In this picture Hal Seramin (;{). Santa Clara back, turned in a 23-yard gain for the Broncos. Despite his
playing and that of team-mates, Stanford won !) to (i. Bassi (16), Santa Clara guard, is shown rushing in to
spill Reynolds (15), Stanford tackle, and Topping (49), one of Stanford's ends, is left behind. (Associated
Press Photo.)

In this picture Hal Seramin (;{). Santa Clara back, turned in a 23-yard gain for the Broncos. Despite his
playing and that of team-mates, Stanford won !) to (i. Bassi (16), Santa Clara guard, is shown rushing in to
spill Reynolds (15), Stanford tackle, and Topping (49), one of Stanford's ends, is left behind. (Associated
Press Photo.)

In this picture Hal Seramin (;{). Santa Clara back, turned in a 23-yard gain for the Broncos. Despite his
playing and that of team-mates, Stanford won !) to (i. Bassi (16), Santa Clara guard, is shown rushing in to
spill Reynolds (15), Stanford tackle, and Topping (49), one of Stanford's ends, is left behind. (Associated
Press Photo.)

In this picture Hal Seramin (;{). Santa Clara back, turned in a 23-yard gain for the Broncos. Despite his
playing and that of team-mates, Stanford won !) to (i. Bassi (16), Santa Clara guard, is shown rushing in to
spill Reynolds (15), Stanford tackle, and Topping (49), one of Stanford's ends, is left behind. (Associated
Press Photo.)

In this picture Hal Seramin (;{). Santa Clara back, turned in a 23-yard gain for the Broncos. Despite his
playing and that of team-mates, Stanford won !) to (i. Bassi (16), Santa Clara guard, is shown rushing in to
spill Reynolds (15), Stanford tackle, and Topping (49), one of Stanford's ends, is left behind. (Associated
Press Photo.)
