# U.C.L.A. Grid Hopes Receive Set-back
## 
### 

Fowler (with hall) was one of the reasons California defeated California at Los Angeles 14 to 2 to keep th
Bears in the front position for Pacific Coast conference honors and Rose Bowl prospects. Fowler is shown slid
ing off his own right side for a short gain. (Associa ted Press Photo.)

Fowler (with hall) was one of the reasons California defeated California at Los Angeles 14 to 2 to keep th
Bears in the front position for Pacific Coast conference honors and Rose Bowl prospects. Fowler is shown slid
ing off his own right side for a short gain. (Associa ted Press Photo.)

Fowler (with hall) was one of the reasons California defeated California at Los Angeles 14 to 2 to keep th
Bears in the front position for Pacific Coast conference honors and Rose Bowl prospects. Fowler is shown slid
ing off his own right side for a short gain. (Associa ted Press Photo.)

Fowler (with hall) was one of the reasons California defeated California at Los Angeles 14 to 2 to keep th
Bears in the front position for Pacific Coast conference honors and Rose Bowl prospects. Fowler is shown slid
ing off his own right side for a short gain. (Associa ted Press Photo.)

Fowler (with hall) was one of the reasons California defeated California at Los Angeles 14 to 2 to keep th
Bears in the front position for Pacific Coast conference honors and Rose Bowl prospects. Fowler is shown slid
ing off his own right side for a short gain. (Associa ted Press Photo.)

Fowler (with hall) was one of the reasons California defeated California at Los Angeles 14 to 2 to keep th
Bears in the front position for Pacific Coast conference honors and Rose Bowl prospects. Fowler is shown slid
ing off his own right side for a short gain. (Associa ted Press Photo.)

Fowler (with hall) was one of the reasons California defeated California at Los Angeles 14 to 2 to keep th
Bears in the front position for Pacific Coast conference honors and Rose Bowl prospects. Fowler is shown slid
ing off his own right side for a short gain. (Associa ted Press Photo.)

Fowler (with hall) was one of the reasons California defeated California at Los Angeles 14 to 2 to keep th
Bears in the front position for Pacific Coast conference honors and Rose Bowl prospects. Fowler is shown slid
ing off his own right side for a short gain. (Associa ted Press Photo.)

Fowler (with hall) was one of the reasons California defeated California at Los Angeles 14 to 2 to keep th
Bears in the front position for Pacific Coast conference honors and Rose Bowl prospects. Fowler is shown slid
ing off his own right side for a short gain. (Associa ted Press Photo.)

Fowler (with hall) was one of the reasons California defeated California at Los Angeles 14 to 2 to keep th
Bears in the front position for Pacific Coast conference honors and Rose Bowl prospects. Fowler is shown slid
ing off his own right side for a short gain. (Associa ted Press Photo.)

Fowler (with hall) was one of the reasons California defeated California at Los Angeles 14 to 2 to keep th
Bears in the front position for Pacific Coast conference honors and Rose Bowl prospects. Fowler is shown slid
ing off his own right side for a short gain. (Associa ted Press Photo.)

Fowler (with hall) was one of the reasons California defeated California at Los Angeles 14 to 2 to keep th
Bears in the front position for Pacific Coast conference honors and Rose Bowl prospects. Fowler is shown slid
ing off his own right side for a short gain. (Associa ted Press Photo.)

Fowler (with hall) was one of the reasons California defeated California at Los Angeles 14 to 2 to keep th
Bears in the front position for Pacific Coast conference honors and Rose Bowl prospects. Fowler is shown slid
ing off his own right side for a short gain. (Associa ted Press Photo.)

Fowler (with hall) was one of the reasons California defeated California at Los Angeles 14 to 2 to keep th
Bears in the front position for Pacific Coast conference honors and Rose Bowl prospects. Fowler is shown slid
ing off his own right side for a short gain. (Associa ted Press Photo.)

Fowler (with hall) was one of the reasons California defeated California at Los Angeles 14 to 2 to keep th
Bears in the front position for Pacific Coast conference honors and Rose Bowl prospects. Fowler is shown slid
ing off his own right side for a short gain. (Associa ted Press Photo.)
