# Asian Sea Storm Takes Toll of Five
## 
### 
MOSCOW. Nov. 3 (/?'). —Five per
sons were known dead and several
missing in storms in the Black and
Saspian Seas, news dispatches re
ported today.
Three of the crew of the Soviet
tanker Sovnarkom were killed in
an explosion aboard ship while
loading oil at Krasnovodsk. The
fourth died en route to a hospital.
The vessel burned for three hours.
MOSCOW. Nov. 3 (/?'). —Five per
sons were known dead and several
missing in storms in the Black and
Saspian Seas, news dispatches re
ported today.
Three of the crew of the Soviet
tanker Sovnarkom were killed in
an explosion aboard ship while
loading oil at Krasnovodsk. The
fourth died en route to a hospital.
The vessel burned for three hours.
MOSCOW. Nov. 3 (/?'). —Five per
sons were known dead and several
missing in storms in the Black and
Saspian Seas, news dispatches re
ported today.
Three of the crew of the Soviet
tanker Sovnarkom were killed in
an explosion aboard ship while
loading oil at Krasnovodsk. The
fourth died en route to a hospital.
The vessel burned for three hours.
MOSCOW. Nov. 3 (/?'). —Five per
sons were known dead and several
missing in storms in the Black and
Saspian Seas, news dispatches re
ported today.
Three of the crew of the Soviet
tanker Sovnarkom were killed in
an explosion aboard ship while
loading oil at Krasnovodsk. The
fourth died en route to a hospital.
The vessel burned for three hours.
MOSCOW. Nov. 3 (/?'). —Five per
sons were known dead and several
missing in storms in the Black and
Saspian Seas, news dispatches re
ported today.
Three of the crew of the Soviet
tanker Sovnarkom were killed in
an explosion aboard ship while
loading oil at Krasnovodsk. The
fourth died en route to a hospital.
The vessel burned for three hours.
MOSCOW. Nov. 3 (/?'). —Five per
sons were known dead and several
missing in storms in the Black and
Saspian Seas, news dispatches re
ported today.
Three of the crew of the Soviet
tanker Sovnarkom were killed in
an explosion aboard ship while
loading oil at Krasnovodsk. The
fourth died en route to a hospital.
The vessel burned for three hours.
MOSCOW. Nov. 3 (/?'). —Five per
sons were known dead and several
missing in storms in the Black and
Saspian Seas, news dispatches re
ported today.
Three of the crew of the Soviet
tanker Sovnarkom were killed in
an explosion aboard ship while
loading oil at Krasnovodsk. The
fourth died en route to a hospital.
The vessel burned for three hours.
MOSCOW. Nov. 3 (/?'). —Five per
sons were known dead and several
missing in storms in the Black and
Saspian Seas, news dispatches re
ported today.
Three of the crew of the Soviet
tanker Sovnarkom were killed in
an explosion aboard ship while
loading oil at Krasnovodsk. The
fourth died en route to a hospital.
The vessel burned for three hours.
MOSCOW. Nov. 3 (/?'). —Five per
sons were known dead and several
missing in storms in the Black and
Saspian Seas, news dispatches re
ported today.
Three of the crew of the Soviet
tanker Sovnarkom were killed in
an explosion aboard ship while
loading oil at Krasnovodsk. The
fourth died en route to a hospital.
The vessel burned for three hours.
MOSCOW. Nov. 3 (/?'). —Five per
sons were known dead and several
missing in storms in the Black and
Saspian Seas, news dispatches re
ported today.
Three of the crew of the Soviet
tanker Sovnarkom were killed in
an explosion aboard ship while
loading oil at Krasnovodsk. The
fourth died en route to a hospital.
The vessel burned for three hours.
MOSCOW. Nov. 3 (/?'). —Five per
sons were known dead and several
missing in storms in the Black and
Saspian Seas, news dispatches re
ported today.
Three of the crew of the Soviet
tanker Sovnarkom were killed in
an explosion aboard ship while
loading oil at Krasnovodsk. The
fourth died en route to a hospital.
The vessel burned for three hours.
MOSCOW. Nov. 3 (/?'). —Five per
sons were known dead and several
missing in storms in the Black and
Saspian Seas, news dispatches re
ported today.
Three of the crew of the Soviet
tanker Sovnarkom were killed in
an explosion aboard ship while
loading oil at Krasnovodsk. The
fourth died en route to a hospital.
The vessel burned for three hours.
MOSCOW. Nov. 3 (/?'). —Five per
sons were known dead and several
missing in storms in the Black and
Saspian Seas, news dispatches re
ported today.
Three of the crew of the Soviet
tanker Sovnarkom were killed in
an explosion aboard ship while
loading oil at Krasnovodsk. The
fourth died en route to a hospital.
The vessel burned for three hours.
MOSCOW. Nov. 3 (/?'). —Five per
sons were known dead and several
missing in storms in the Black and
Saspian Seas, news dispatches re
ported today.
Three of the crew of the Soviet
tanker Sovnarkom were killed in
an explosion aboard ship while
loading oil at Krasnovodsk. The
fourth died en route to a hospital.
The vessel burned for three hours.
MOSCOW. Nov. 3 (/?'). —Five per
sons were known dead and several
missing in storms in the Black and
Saspian Seas, news dispatches re
ported today.
Three of the crew of the Soviet
tanker Sovnarkom were killed in
an explosion aboard ship while
loading oil at Krasnovodsk. The
fourth died en route to a hospital.
The vessel burned for three hours.
