# FOUR-RING CIRCUS DUE HERE WEDNESDAY
## 
### 
Shades of old P. T. Barnum! The j
bearded lady, the Siamese twins, the !
sword swallower, and the rest of the j
spangled band are getting ready to!
invade Palo Alto.
Wednesday, the A1 G. Barnes four-:
ring circus will be in town for two i
performances, one at 1 o'clock in the ,
afternoon, and the other at 7 o'clock
in the evening. But, sad as it may
seem, there will be no street parade.
One of the features <n the show will
be a historic pageant entitled, "Poco
hontas at the Court of Queen Anne."
A large attendance of Stanford stu
dents is anticipated. For this reason
an extra supply of peanuts, colored
popcorn, and pink lemonade has been
purchased by the circus management. j
Don't miss your only chance to feed !
the elephants and throw popcorn at |
the monkeys this year.
Shades of old P. T. Barnum! The j
bearded lady, the Siamese twins, the !
sword swallower, and the rest of the j
spangled band are getting ready to!
invade Palo Alto.
Wednesday, the A1 G. Barnes four-:
ring circus will be in town for two i
performances, one at 1 o'clock in the ,
afternoon, and the other at 7 o'clock
in the evening. But, sad as it may
seem, there will be no street parade.
One of the features <n the show will
be a historic pageant entitled, "Poco
hontas at the Court of Queen Anne."
A large attendance of Stanford stu
dents is anticipated. For this reason
an extra supply of peanuts, colored
popcorn, and pink lemonade has been
purchased by the circus management. j
Don't miss your only chance to feed !
the elephants and throw popcorn at |
the monkeys this year.
Shades of old P. T. Barnum! The j
bearded lady, the Siamese twins, the !
sword swallower, and the rest of the j
spangled band are getting ready to!
invade Palo Alto.
Wednesday, the A1 G. Barnes four-:
ring circus will be in town for two i
performances, one at 1 o'clock in the ,
afternoon, and the other at 7 o'clock
in the evening. But, sad as it may
seem, there will be no street parade.
One of the features <n the show will
be a historic pageant entitled, "Poco
hontas at the Court of Queen Anne."
A large attendance of Stanford stu
dents is anticipated. For this reason
an extra supply of peanuts, colored
popcorn, and pink lemonade has been
purchased by the circus management. j
Don't miss your only chance to feed !
the elephants and throw popcorn at |
the monkeys this year.
Shades of old P. T. Barnum! The j
bearded lady, the Siamese twins, the !
sword swallower, and the rest of the j
spangled band are getting ready to!
invade Palo Alto.
Wednesday, the A1 G. Barnes four-:
ring circus will be in town for two i
performances, one at 1 o'clock in the ,
afternoon, and the other at 7 o'clock
in the evening. But, sad as it may
seem, there will be no street parade.
One of the features <n the show will
be a historic pageant entitled, "Poco
hontas at the Court of Queen Anne."
A large attendance of Stanford stu
dents is anticipated. For this reason
an extra supply of peanuts, colored
popcorn, and pink lemonade has been
purchased by the circus management. j
Don't miss your only chance to feed !
the elephants and throw popcorn at |
the monkeys this year.
Shades of old P. T. Barnum! The j
bearded lady, the Siamese twins, the !
sword swallower, and the rest of the j
spangled band are getting ready to!
invade Palo Alto.
Wednesday, the A1 G. Barnes four-:
ring circus will be in town for two i
performances, one at 1 o'clock in the ,
afternoon, and the other at 7 o'clock
in the evening. But, sad as it may
seem, there will be no street parade.
One of the features <n the show will
be a historic pageant entitled, "Poco
hontas at the Court of Queen Anne."
A large attendance of Stanford stu
dents is anticipated. For this reason
an extra supply of peanuts, colored
popcorn, and pink lemonade has been
purchased by the circus management. j
Don't miss your only chance to feed !
the elephants and throw popcorn at |
the monkeys this year.
Shades of old P. T. Barnum! The j
bearded lady, the Siamese twins, the !
sword swallower, and the rest of the j
spangled band are getting ready to!
invade Palo Alto.
Wednesday, the A1 G. Barnes four-:
ring circus will be in town for two i
performances, one at 1 o'clock in the ,
afternoon, and the other at 7 o'clock
in the evening. But, sad as it may
seem, there will be no street parade.
One of the features <n the show will
be a historic pageant entitled, "Poco
hontas at the Court of Queen Anne."
A large attendance of Stanford stu
dents is anticipated. For this reason
an extra supply of peanuts, colored
popcorn, and pink lemonade has been
purchased by the circus management. j
Don't miss your only chance to feed !
the elephants and throw popcorn at |
the monkeys this year.
Shades of old P. T. Barnum! The j
bearded lady, the Siamese twins, the !
sword swallower, and the rest of the j
spangled band are getting ready to!
invade Palo Alto.
Wednesday, the A1 G. Barnes four-:
ring circus will be in town for two i
performances, one at 1 o'clock in the ,
afternoon, and the other at 7 o'clock
in the evening. But, sad as it may
seem, there will be no street parade.
One of the features <n the show will
be a historic pageant entitled, "Poco
hontas at the Court of Queen Anne."
A large attendance of Stanford stu
dents is anticipated. For this reason
an extra supply of peanuts, colored
popcorn, and pink lemonade has been
purchased by the circus management. j
Don't miss your only chance to feed !
the elephants and throw popcorn at |
the monkeys this year.
Shades of old P. T. Barnum! The j
bearded lady, the Siamese twins, the !
sword swallower, and the rest of the j
spangled band are getting ready to!
invade Palo Alto.
Wednesday, the A1 G. Barnes four-:
ring circus will be in town for two i
performances, one at 1 o'clock in the ,
afternoon, and the other at 7 o'clock
in the evening. But, sad as it may
seem, there will be no street parade.
One of the features <n the show will
be a historic pageant entitled, "Poco
hontas at the Court of Queen Anne."
A large attendance of Stanford stu
dents is anticipated. For this reason
an extra supply of peanuts, colored
popcorn, and pink lemonade has been
purchased by the circus management. j
Don't miss your only chance to feed !
the elephants and throw popcorn at |
the monkeys this year.
Shades of old P. T. Barnum! The j
bearded lady, the Siamese twins, the !
sword swallower, and the rest of the j
spangled band are getting ready to!
invade Palo Alto.
Wednesday, the A1 G. Barnes four-:
ring circus will be in town for two i
performances, one at 1 o'clock in the ,
afternoon, and the other at 7 o'clock
in the evening. But, sad as it may
seem, there will be no street parade.
One of the features <n the show will
be a historic pageant entitled, "Poco
hontas at the Court of Queen Anne."
A large attendance of Stanford stu
dents is anticipated. For this reason
an extra supply of peanuts, colored
popcorn, and pink lemonade has been
purchased by the circus management. j
Don't miss your only chance to feed !
the elephants and throw popcorn at |
the monkeys this year.
Shades of old P. T. Barnum! The j
bearded lady, the Siamese twins, the !
sword swallower, and the rest of the j
spangled band are getting ready to!
invade Palo Alto.
Wednesday, the A1 G. Barnes four-:
ring circus will be in town for two i
performances, one at 1 o'clock in the ,
afternoon, and the other at 7 o'clock
in the evening. But, sad as it may
seem, there will be no street parade.
One of the features <n the show will
be a historic pageant entitled, "Poco
hontas at the Court of Queen Anne."
A large attendance of Stanford stu
dents is anticipated. For this reason
an extra supply of peanuts, colored
popcorn, and pink lemonade has been
purchased by the circus management. j
Don't miss your only chance to feed !
the elephants and throw popcorn at |
the monkeys this year.
Shades of old P. T. Barnum! The j
bearded lady, the Siamese twins, the !
sword swallower, and the rest of the j
spangled band are getting ready to!
invade Palo Alto.
Wednesday, the A1 G. Barnes four-:
ring circus will be in town for two i
performances, one at 1 o'clock in the ,
afternoon, and the other at 7 o'clock
in the evening. But, sad as it may
seem, there will be no street parade.
One of the features <n the show will
be a historic pageant entitled, "Poco
hontas at the Court of Queen Anne."
A large attendance of Stanford stu
dents is anticipated. For this reason
an extra supply of peanuts, colored
popcorn, and pink lemonade has been
purchased by the circus management. j
Don't miss your only chance to feed !
the elephants and throw popcorn at |
the monkeys this year.
Shades of old P. T. Barnum! The j
bearded lady, the Siamese twins, the !
sword swallower, and the rest of the j
spangled band are getting ready to!
invade Palo Alto.
Wednesday, the A1 G. Barnes four-:
ring circus will be in town for two i
performances, one at 1 o'clock in the ,
afternoon, and the other at 7 o'clock
in the evening. But, sad as it may
seem, there will be no street parade.
One of the features <n the show will
be a historic pageant entitled, "Poco
hontas at the Court of Queen Anne."
A large attendance of Stanford stu
dents is anticipated. For this reason
an extra supply of peanuts, colored
popcorn, and pink lemonade has been
purchased by the circus management. j
Don't miss your only chance to feed !
the elephants and throw popcorn at |
the monkeys this year.
Shades of old P. T. Barnum! The j
bearded lady, the Siamese twins, the !
sword swallower, and the rest of the j
spangled band are getting ready to!
invade Palo Alto.
Wednesday, the A1 G. Barnes four-:
ring circus will be in town for two i
performances, one at 1 o'clock in the ,
afternoon, and the other at 7 o'clock
in the evening. But, sad as it may
seem, there will be no street parade.
One of the features <n the show will
be a historic pageant entitled, "Poco
hontas at the Court of Queen Anne."
A large attendance of Stanford stu
dents is anticipated. For this reason
an extra supply of peanuts, colored
popcorn, and pink lemonade has been
purchased by the circus management. j
Don't miss your only chance to feed !
the elephants and throw popcorn at |
the monkeys this year.
Shades of old P. T. Barnum! The j
bearded lady, the Siamese twins, the !
sword swallower, and the rest of the j
spangled band are getting ready to!
invade Palo Alto.
Wednesday, the A1 G. Barnes four-:
ring circus will be in town for two i
performances, one at 1 o'clock in the ,
afternoon, and the other at 7 o'clock
in the evening. But, sad as it may
seem, there will be no street parade.
One of the features <n the show will
be a historic pageant entitled, "Poco
hontas at the Court of Queen Anne."
A large attendance of Stanford stu
dents is anticipated. For this reason
an extra supply of peanuts, colored
popcorn, and pink lemonade has been
purchased by the circus management. j
Don't miss your only chance to feed !
the elephants and throw popcorn at |
the monkeys this year.
