# "SOCIAL EFFICIENCY"
## 
### 
Lectures, under the title of "Social
Efficiency," to correspond to the
course in courtesy instituted hy the
military department last quarter, will

be given to the women of the TTniver* 1
sity of Minnesota hy members of the i
faculty, under the auspices of Mortar
Hoard, senior women's honorary or-1
ganization. j
Lectures, under the title of "Social
Efficiency," to correspond to the
course in courtesy instituted hy the
military department last quarter, will

be given to the women of the TTniver* 1
sity of Minnesota hy members of the i
faculty, under the auspices of Mortar
Hoard, senior women's honorary or-1
ganization. j
Lectures, under the title of "Social
Efficiency," to correspond to the
course in courtesy instituted hy the
military department last quarter, will

be given to the women of the TTniver* 1
sity of Minnesota hy members of the i
faculty, under the auspices of Mortar
Hoard, senior women's honorary or-1
ganization. j
Lectures, under the title of "Social
Efficiency," to correspond to the
course in courtesy instituted hy the
military department last quarter, will

be given to the women of the TTniver* 1
sity of Minnesota hy members of the i
faculty, under the auspices of Mortar
Hoard, senior women's honorary or-1
ganization. j
Lectures, under the title of "Social
Efficiency," to correspond to the
course in courtesy instituted hy the
military department last quarter, will

be given to the women of the TTniver* 1
sity of Minnesota hy members of the i
faculty, under the auspices of Mortar
Hoard, senior women's honorary or-1
ganization. j
Lectures, under the title of "Social
Efficiency," to correspond to the
course in courtesy instituted hy the
military department last quarter, will

be given to the women of the TTniver* 1
sity of Minnesota hy members of the i
faculty, under the auspices of Mortar
Hoard, senior women's honorary or-1
ganization. j
Lectures, under the title of "Social
Efficiency," to correspond to the
course in courtesy instituted hy the
military department last quarter, will

be given to the women of the TTniver* 1
sity of Minnesota hy members of the i
faculty, under the auspices of Mortar
Hoard, senior women's honorary or-1
ganization. j
Lectures, under the title of "Social
Efficiency," to correspond to the
course in courtesy instituted hy the
military department last quarter, will

be given to the women of the TTniver* 1
sity of Minnesota hy members of the i
faculty, under the auspices of Mortar
Hoard, senior women's honorary or-1
ganization. j
Lectures, under the title of "Social
Efficiency," to correspond to the
course in courtesy instituted hy the
military department last quarter, will

be given to the women of the TTniver* 1
sity of Minnesota hy members of the i
faculty, under the auspices of Mortar
Hoard, senior women's honorary or-1
ganization. j
Lectures, under the title of "Social
Efficiency," to correspond to the
course in courtesy instituted hy the
military department last quarter, will

be given to the women of the TTniver* 1
sity of Minnesota hy members of the i
faculty, under the auspices of Mortar
Hoard, senior women's honorary or-1
ganization. j
Lectures, under the title of "Social
Efficiency," to correspond to the
course in courtesy instituted hy the
military department last quarter, will

be given to the women of the TTniver* 1
sity of Minnesota hy members of the i
faculty, under the auspices of Mortar
Hoard, senior women's honorary or-1
ganization. j
Lectures, under the title of "Social
Efficiency," to correspond to the
course in courtesy instituted hy the
military department last quarter, will

be given to the women of the TTniver* 1
sity of Minnesota hy members of the i
faculty, under the auspices of Mortar
Hoard, senior women's honorary or-1
ganization. j
Lectures, under the title of "Social
Efficiency," to correspond to the
course in courtesy instituted hy the
military department last quarter, will

be given to the women of the TTniver* 1
sity of Minnesota hy members of the i
faculty, under the auspices of Mortar
Hoard, senior women's honorary or-1
ganization. j
Lectures, under the title of "Social
Efficiency," to correspond to the
course in courtesy instituted hy the
military department last quarter, will

be given to the women of the TTniver* 1
sity of Minnesota hy members of the i
faculty, under the auspices of Mortar
Hoard, senior women's honorary or-1
ganization. j
