# TEXAS DRY REPEAL ASKED
## 
### 
AUSTIN. Tex., Jan. 16 (/P) —Sen-
ator Russek of Schulenburg intro
duced a bill in the Texas Legisla
ture today to repeal the Dean law,
the State's liquor prohibition en
forcement statute.
AUSTIN. Tex., Jan. 16 (/P) —Sen-
ator Russek of Schulenburg intro
duced a bill in the Texas Legisla
ture today to repeal the Dean law,
the State's liquor prohibition en
forcement statute.
AUSTIN. Tex., Jan. 16 (/P) —Sen-
ator Russek of Schulenburg intro
duced a bill in the Texas Legisla
ture today to repeal the Dean law,
the State's liquor prohibition en
forcement statute.
AUSTIN. Tex., Jan. 16 (/P) —Sen-
ator Russek of Schulenburg intro
duced a bill in the Texas Legisla
ture today to repeal the Dean law,
the State's liquor prohibition en
forcement statute.
AUSTIN. Tex., Jan. 16 (/P) —Sen-
ator Russek of Schulenburg intro
duced a bill in the Texas Legisla
ture today to repeal the Dean law,
the State's liquor prohibition en
forcement statute.
AUSTIN. Tex., Jan. 16 (/P) —Sen-
ator Russek of Schulenburg intro
duced a bill in the Texas Legisla
ture today to repeal the Dean law,
the State's liquor prohibition en
forcement statute.
AUSTIN. Tex., Jan. 16 (/P) —Sen-
ator Russek of Schulenburg intro
duced a bill in the Texas Legisla
ture today to repeal the Dean law,
the State's liquor prohibition en
forcement statute.
AUSTIN. Tex., Jan. 16 (/P) —Sen-
ator Russek of Schulenburg intro
duced a bill in the Texas Legisla
ture today to repeal the Dean law,
the State's liquor prohibition en
forcement statute.
AUSTIN. Tex., Jan. 16 (/P) —Sen-
ator Russek of Schulenburg intro
duced a bill in the Texas Legisla
ture today to repeal the Dean law,
the State's liquor prohibition en
forcement statute.
AUSTIN. Tex., Jan. 16 (/P) —Sen-
ator Russek of Schulenburg intro
duced a bill in the Texas Legisla
ture today to repeal the Dean law,
the State's liquor prohibition en
forcement statute.
AUSTIN. Tex., Jan. 16 (/P) —Sen-
ator Russek of Schulenburg intro
duced a bill in the Texas Legisla
ture today to repeal the Dean law,
the State's liquor prohibition en
forcement statute.
AUSTIN. Tex., Jan. 16 (/P) —Sen-
ator Russek of Schulenburg intro
duced a bill in the Texas Legisla
ture today to repeal the Dean law,
the State's liquor prohibition en
forcement statute.
AUSTIN. Tex., Jan. 16 (/P) —Sen-
ator Russek of Schulenburg intro
duced a bill in the Texas Legisla
ture today to repeal the Dean law,
the State's liquor prohibition en
forcement statute.
AUSTIN. Tex., Jan. 16 (/P) —Sen-
ator Russek of Schulenburg intro
duced a bill in the Texas Legisla
ture today to repeal the Dean law,
the State's liquor prohibition en
forcement statute.
AUSTIN. Tex., Jan. 16 (/P) —Sen-
ator Russek of Schulenburg intro
duced a bill in the Texas Legisla
ture today to repeal the Dean law,
the State's liquor prohibition en
forcement statute.
