# Cage Sensation
## 
### 

Lee Guttero has leapfcd into prom
inence as a sophomore flash as
Southern California's basketball
center. /-Associated Press Photo)

Lee Guttero has leapfcd into prom
inence as a sophomore flash as
Southern California's basketball
center. /-Associated Press Photo)

Lee Guttero has leapfcd into prom
inence as a sophomore flash as
Southern California's basketball
center. /-Associated Press Photo)

Lee Guttero has leapfcd into prom
inence as a sophomore flash as
Southern California's basketball
center. /-Associated Press Photo)

Lee Guttero has leapfcd into prom
inence as a sophomore flash as
Southern California's basketball
center. /-Associated Press Photo)

Lee Guttero has leapfcd into prom
inence as a sophomore flash as
Southern California's basketball
center. /-Associated Press Photo)

Lee Guttero has leapfcd into prom
inence as a sophomore flash as
Southern California's basketball
center. /-Associated Press Photo)

Lee Guttero has leapfcd into prom
inence as a sophomore flash as
Southern California's basketball
center. /-Associated Press Photo)

Lee Guttero has leapfcd into prom
inence as a sophomore flash as
Southern California's basketball
center. /-Associated Press Photo)

Lee Guttero has leapfcd into prom
inence as a sophomore flash as
Southern California's basketball
center. /-Associated Press Photo)

Lee Guttero has leapfcd into prom
inence as a sophomore flash as
Southern California's basketball
center. /-Associated Press Photo)

Lee Guttero has leapfcd into prom
inence as a sophomore flash as
Southern California's basketball
center. /-Associated Press Photo)

Lee Guttero has leapfcd into prom
inence as a sophomore flash as
Southern California's basketball
center. /-Associated Press Photo)

Lee Guttero has leapfcd into prom
inence as a sophomore flash as
Southern California's basketball
center. /-Associated Press Photo)

Lee Guttero has leapfcd into prom
inence as a sophomore flash as
Southern California's basketball
center. /-Associated Press Photo)
