# TROJANS PLACE STRONG BASKETBALL TEAM ON COURT
## 
### 


Four members of the sharpshooii ng Southern California quintet are Sax Elliott (left) forward; Clar
ence Anderson (upper center), guard; Joe Kelley (lower), guard, and Harold Foss (right), center.
(Associated Press Photosi


Four members of the sharpshooii ng Southern California quintet are Sax Elliott (left) forward; Clar
ence Anderson (upper center), guard; Joe Kelley (lower), guard, and Harold Foss (right), center.
(Associated Press Photosi


Four members of the sharpshooii ng Southern California quintet are Sax Elliott (left) forward; Clar
ence Anderson (upper center), guard; Joe Kelley (lower), guard, and Harold Foss (right), center.
(Associated Press Photosi


Four members of the sharpshooii ng Southern California quintet are Sax Elliott (left) forward; Clar
ence Anderson (upper center), guard; Joe Kelley (lower), guard, and Harold Foss (right), center.
(Associated Press Photosi


Four members of the sharpshooii ng Southern California quintet are Sax Elliott (left) forward; Clar
ence Anderson (upper center), guard; Joe Kelley (lower), guard, and Harold Foss (right), center.
(Associated Press Photosi


Four members of the sharpshooii ng Southern California quintet are Sax Elliott (left) forward; Clar
ence Anderson (upper center), guard; Joe Kelley (lower), guard, and Harold Foss (right), center.
(Associated Press Photosi


Four members of the sharpshooii ng Southern California quintet are Sax Elliott (left) forward; Clar
ence Anderson (upper center), guard; Joe Kelley (lower), guard, and Harold Foss (right), center.
(Associated Press Photosi


Four members of the sharpshooii ng Southern California quintet are Sax Elliott (left) forward; Clar
ence Anderson (upper center), guard; Joe Kelley (lower), guard, and Harold Foss (right), center.
(Associated Press Photosi


Four members of the sharpshooii ng Southern California quintet are Sax Elliott (left) forward; Clar
ence Anderson (upper center), guard; Joe Kelley (lower), guard, and Harold Foss (right), center.
(Associated Press Photosi


Four members of the sharpshooii ng Southern California quintet are Sax Elliott (left) forward; Clar
ence Anderson (upper center), guard; Joe Kelley (lower), guard, and Harold Foss (right), center.
(Associated Press Photosi


Four members of the sharpshooii ng Southern California quintet are Sax Elliott (left) forward; Clar
ence Anderson (upper center), guard; Joe Kelley (lower), guard, and Harold Foss (right), center.
(Associated Press Photosi


Four members of the sharpshooii ng Southern California quintet are Sax Elliott (left) forward; Clar
ence Anderson (upper center), guard; Joe Kelley (lower), guard, and Harold Foss (right), center.
(Associated Press Photosi


Four members of the sharpshooii ng Southern California quintet are Sax Elliott (left) forward; Clar
ence Anderson (upper center), guard; Joe Kelley (lower), guard, and Harold Foss (right), center.
(Associated Press Photosi


Four members of the sharpshooii ng Southern California quintet are Sax Elliott (left) forward; Clar
ence Anderson (upper center), guard; Joe Kelley (lower), guard, and Harold Foss (right), center.
(Associated Press Photosi


Four members of the sharpshooii ng Southern California quintet are Sax Elliott (left) forward; Clar
ence Anderson (upper center), guard; Joe Kelley (lower), guard, and Harold Foss (right), center.
(Associated Press Photosi
