# She Caught It
## 
### 

Virginia Learned of Cleveland
reaches for a high throw during
medicine ball exercises on a Florida
beach. (Associated Press Photo)

Virginia Learned of Cleveland
reaches for a high throw during
medicine ball exercises on a Florida
beach. (Associated Press Photo)

Virginia Learned of Cleveland
reaches for a high throw during
medicine ball exercises on a Florida
beach. (Associated Press Photo)

Virginia Learned of Cleveland
reaches for a high throw during
medicine ball exercises on a Florida
beach. (Associated Press Photo)

Virginia Learned of Cleveland
reaches for a high throw during
medicine ball exercises on a Florida
beach. (Associated Press Photo)

Virginia Learned of Cleveland
reaches for a high throw during
medicine ball exercises on a Florida
beach. (Associated Press Photo)

Virginia Learned of Cleveland
reaches for a high throw during
medicine ball exercises on a Florida
beach. (Associated Press Photo)

Virginia Learned of Cleveland
reaches for a high throw during
medicine ball exercises on a Florida
beach. (Associated Press Photo)

Virginia Learned of Cleveland
reaches for a high throw during
medicine ball exercises on a Florida
beach. (Associated Press Photo)

Virginia Learned of Cleveland
reaches for a high throw during
medicine ball exercises on a Florida
beach. (Associated Press Photo)

Virginia Learned of Cleveland
reaches for a high throw during
medicine ball exercises on a Florida
beach. (Associated Press Photo)

Virginia Learned of Cleveland
reaches for a high throw during
medicine ball exercises on a Florida
beach. (Associated Press Photo)

Virginia Learned of Cleveland
reaches for a high throw during
medicine ball exercises on a Florida
beach. (Associated Press Photo)

Virginia Learned of Cleveland
reaches for a high throw during
medicine ball exercises on a Florida
beach. (Associated Press Photo)

Virginia Learned of Cleveland
reaches for a high throw during
medicine ball exercises on a Florida
beach. (Associated Press Photo)
