# TO SPEAK
## 
### 

Sir Frederick While, K.C.5.1., first
president of the Indian Legislature
Assembly, who will speak at an all-
University assembly at 11 o'clock
today on the Chinese Revolution.

Sir Frederick While, K.C.5.1., first
president of the Indian Legislature
Assembly, who will speak at an all-
University assembly at 11 o'clock
today on the Chinese Revolution.

Sir Frederick While, K.C.5.1., first
president of the Indian Legislature
Assembly, who will speak at an all-
University assembly at 11 o'clock
today on the Chinese Revolution.

Sir Frederick While, K.C.5.1., first
president of the Indian Legislature
Assembly, who will speak at an all-
University assembly at 11 o'clock
today on the Chinese Revolution.

Sir Frederick While, K.C.5.1., first
president of the Indian Legislature
Assembly, who will speak at an all-
University assembly at 11 o'clock
today on the Chinese Revolution.

Sir Frederick While, K.C.5.1., first
president of the Indian Legislature
Assembly, who will speak at an all-
University assembly at 11 o'clock
today on the Chinese Revolution.

Sir Frederick While, K.C.5.1., first
president of the Indian Legislature
Assembly, who will speak at an all-
University assembly at 11 o'clock
today on the Chinese Revolution.

Sir Frederick While, K.C.5.1., first
president of the Indian Legislature
Assembly, who will speak at an all-
University assembly at 11 o'clock
today on the Chinese Revolution.

Sir Frederick While, K.C.5.1., first
president of the Indian Legislature
Assembly, who will speak at an all-
University assembly at 11 o'clock
today on the Chinese Revolution.

Sir Frederick While, K.C.5.1., first
president of the Indian Legislature
Assembly, who will speak at an all-
University assembly at 11 o'clock
today on the Chinese Revolution.

Sir Frederick While, K.C.5.1., first
president of the Indian Legislature
Assembly, who will speak at an all-
University assembly at 11 o'clock
today on the Chinese Revolution.

Sir Frederick While, K.C.5.1., first
president of the Indian Legislature
Assembly, who will speak at an all-
University assembly at 11 o'clock
today on the Chinese Revolution.

Sir Frederick While, K.C.5.1., first
president of the Indian Legislature
Assembly, who will speak at an all-
University assembly at 11 o'clock
today on the Chinese Revolution.

Sir Frederick While, K.C.5.1., first
president of the Indian Legislature
Assembly, who will speak at an all-
University assembly at 11 o'clock
today on the Chinese Revolution.

Sir Frederick While, K.C.5.1., first
president of the Indian Legislature
Assembly, who will speak at an all-
University assembly at 11 o'clock
today on the Chinese Revolution.
