# STUDY LIST DEADLINE
## 
### 
Today i.s the last day on which
students may iile changes of study
lists for the current quarter at the
Registrar's office without fine. After
today all program revisions must be
made by petition to the Registration
Committee, subject to the following
fines: $2 for each course added or
dropped, and $3 if one course is sub
stituted for another.
Today i.s the last day on which
students may iile changes of study
lists for the current quarter at the
Registrar's office without fine. After
today all program revisions must be
made by petition to the Registration
Committee, subject to the following
fines: $2 for each course added or
dropped, and $3 if one course is sub
stituted for another.
Today i.s the last day on which
students may iile changes of study
lists for the current quarter at the
Registrar's office without fine. After
today all program revisions must be
made by petition to the Registration
Committee, subject to the following
fines: $2 for each course added or
dropped, and $3 if one course is sub
stituted for another.
Today i.s the last day on which
students may iile changes of study
lists for the current quarter at the
Registrar's office without fine. After
today all program revisions must be
made by petition to the Registration
Committee, subject to the following
fines: $2 for each course added or
dropped, and $3 if one course is sub
stituted for another.
Today i.s the last day on which
students may iile changes of study
lists for the current quarter at the
Registrar's office without fine. After
today all program revisions must be
made by petition to the Registration
Committee, subject to the following
fines: $2 for each course added or
dropped, and $3 if one course is sub
stituted for another.
Today i.s the last day on which
students may iile changes of study
lists for the current quarter at the
Registrar's office without fine. After
today all program revisions must be
made by petition to the Registration
Committee, subject to the following
fines: $2 for each course added or
dropped, and $3 if one course is sub
stituted for another.
Today i.s the last day on which
students may iile changes of study
lists for the current quarter at the
Registrar's office without fine. After
today all program revisions must be
made by petition to the Registration
Committee, subject to the following
fines: $2 for each course added or
dropped, and $3 if one course is sub
stituted for another.
Today i.s the last day on which
students may iile changes of study
lists for the current quarter at the
Registrar's office without fine. After
today all program revisions must be
made by petition to the Registration
Committee, subject to the following
fines: $2 for each course added or
dropped, and $3 if one course is sub
stituted for another.
Today i.s the last day on which
students may iile changes of study
lists for the current quarter at the
Registrar's office without fine. After
today all program revisions must be
made by petition to the Registration
Committee, subject to the following
fines: $2 for each course added or
dropped, and $3 if one course is sub
stituted for another.
Today i.s the last day on which
students may iile changes of study
lists for the current quarter at the
Registrar's office without fine. After
today all program revisions must be
made by petition to the Registration
Committee, subject to the following
fines: $2 for each course added or
dropped, and $3 if one course is sub
stituted for another.
Today i.s the last day on which
students may iile changes of study
lists for the current quarter at the
Registrar's office without fine. After
today all program revisions must be
made by petition to the Registration
Committee, subject to the following
fines: $2 for each course added or
dropped, and $3 if one course is sub
stituted for another.
Today i.s the last day on which
students may iile changes of study
lists for the current quarter at the
Registrar's office without fine. After
today all program revisions must be
made by petition to the Registration
Committee, subject to the following
fines: $2 for each course added or
dropped, and $3 if one course is sub
stituted for another.
Today i.s the last day on which
students may iile changes of study
lists for the current quarter at the
Registrar's office without fine. After
today all program revisions must be
made by petition to the Registration
Committee, subject to the following
fines: $2 for each course added or
dropped, and $3 if one course is sub
stituted for another.
Today i.s the last day on which
students may iile changes of study
lists for the current quarter at the
Registrar's office without fine. After
today all program revisions must be
made by petition to the Registration
Committee, subject to the following
fines: $2 for each course added or
dropped, and $3 if one course is sub
stituted for another.
Today i.s the last day on which
students may iile changes of study
lists for the current quarter at the
Registrar's office without fine. After
today all program revisions must be
made by petition to the Registration
Committee, subject to the following
fines: $2 for each course added or
dropped, and $3 if one course is sub
stituted for another.
