# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Arden Shenker will head the
Institute of International Rela
tions in the coming year. Shen
ker is a junior from Portland,
Ore., and is majoring in his
tory.

Arden Shenker will head the
Institute of International Rela
tions in the coming year. Shen
ker is a junior from Portland,
Ore., and is majoring in his
tory.

Arden Shenker will head the
Institute of International Rela
tions in the coming year. Shen
ker is a junior from Portland,
Ore., and is majoring in his
tory.

Arden Shenker will head the
Institute of International Rela
tions in the coming year. Shen
ker is a junior from Portland,
Ore., and is majoring in his
tory.

Arden Shenker will head the
Institute of International Rela
tions in the coming year. Shen
ker is a junior from Portland,
Ore., and is majoring in his
tory.

Arden Shenker will head the
Institute of International Rela
tions in the coming year. Shen
ker is a junior from Portland,
Ore., and is majoring in his
tory.

Arden Shenker will head the
Institute of International Rela
tions in the coming year. Shen
ker is a junior from Portland,
Ore., and is majoring in his
tory.

Arden Shenker will head the
Institute of International Rela
tions in the coming year. Shen
ker is a junior from Portland,
Ore., and is majoring in his
tory.

Arden Shenker will head the
Institute of International Rela
tions in the coming year. Shen
ker is a junior from Portland,
Ore., and is majoring in his
tory.

Arden Shenker will head the
Institute of International Rela
tions in the coming year. Shen
ker is a junior from Portland,
Ore., and is majoring in his
tory.

Arden Shenker will head the
Institute of International Rela
tions in the coming year. Shen
ker is a junior from Portland,
Ore., and is majoring in his
tory.

Arden Shenker will head the
Institute of International Rela
tions in the coming year. Shen
ker is a junior from Portland,
Ore., and is majoring in his
tory.

Arden Shenker will head the
Institute of International Rela
tions in the coming year. Shen
ker is a junior from Portland,
Ore., and is majoring in his
tory.

Arden Shenker will head the
Institute of International Rela
tions in the coming year. Shen
ker is a junior from Portland,
Ore., and is majoring in his
tory.

Arden Shenker will head the
Institute of International Rela
tions in the coming year. Shen
ker is a junior from Portland,
Ore., and is majoring in his
tory.

Arden Shenker will head the
Institute of International Rela
tions in the coming year. Shen
ker is a junior from Portland,
Ore., and is majoring in his
tory.

Arden Shenker will head the
Institute of International Rela
tions in the coming year. Shen
ker is a junior from Portland,
Ore., and is majoring in his
tory.
