# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
The History Department an
nounces the engagement of Dr.
David B. Stenzel, instructor in
History of Western Civilization,
to Miss Muriel Powers of Menlo
Park.
The History Department an
nounces the engagement of Dr.
David B. Stenzel, instructor in
History of Western Civilization,
to Miss Muriel Powers of Menlo
Park.
The History Department an
nounces the engagement of Dr.
David B. Stenzel, instructor in
History of Western Civilization,
to Miss Muriel Powers of Menlo
Park.
The History Department an
nounces the engagement of Dr.
David B. Stenzel, instructor in
History of Western Civilization,
to Miss Muriel Powers of Menlo
Park.
The History Department an
nounces the engagement of Dr.
David B. Stenzel, instructor in
History of Western Civilization,
to Miss Muriel Powers of Menlo
Park.
The History Department an
nounces the engagement of Dr.
David B. Stenzel, instructor in
History of Western Civilization,
to Miss Muriel Powers of Menlo
Park.
The History Department an
nounces the engagement of Dr.
David B. Stenzel, instructor in
History of Western Civilization,
to Miss Muriel Powers of Menlo
Park.
The History Department an
nounces the engagement of Dr.
David B. Stenzel, instructor in
History of Western Civilization,
to Miss Muriel Powers of Menlo
Park.
The History Department an
nounces the engagement of Dr.
David B. Stenzel, instructor in
History of Western Civilization,
to Miss Muriel Powers of Menlo
Park.
The History Department an
nounces the engagement of Dr.
David B. Stenzel, instructor in
History of Western Civilization,
to Miss Muriel Powers of Menlo
Park.
The History Department an
nounces the engagement of Dr.
David B. Stenzel, instructor in
History of Western Civilization,
to Miss Muriel Powers of Menlo
Park.
The History Department an
nounces the engagement of Dr.
David B. Stenzel, instructor in
History of Western Civilization,
to Miss Muriel Powers of Menlo
Park.
The History Department an
nounces the engagement of Dr.
David B. Stenzel, instructor in
History of Western Civilization,
to Miss Muriel Powers of Menlo
Park.
The History Department an
nounces the engagement of Dr.
David B. Stenzel, instructor in
History of Western Civilization,
to Miss Muriel Powers of Menlo
Park.
The History Department an
nounces the engagement of Dr.
David B. Stenzel, instructor in
History of Western Civilization,
to Miss Muriel Powers of Menlo
Park.
The History Department an
nounces the engagement of Dr.
David B. Stenzel, instructor in
History of Western Civilization,
to Miss Muriel Powers of Menlo
Park.
The History Department an
nounces the engagement of Dr.
David B. Stenzel, instructor in
History of Western Civilization,
to Miss Muriel Powers of Menlo
Park.
