# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
The VARSITY Tailors
Cleaners and Dyers
Our plant on the campus makes
a quicker service possible
ENCINA HALL
Phone 1442-W
The VARSITY Tailors
Cleaners and Dyers
Our plant on the campus makes
a quicker service possible
ENCINA HALL
Phone 1442-W
The VARSITY Tailors
Cleaners and Dyers
Our plant on the campus makes
a quicker service possible
ENCINA HALL
Phone 1442-W
The VARSITY Tailors
Cleaners and Dyers
Our plant on the campus makes
a quicker service possible
ENCINA HALL
Phone 1442-W
The VARSITY Tailors
Cleaners and Dyers
Our plant on the campus makes
a quicker service possible
ENCINA HALL
Phone 1442-W
The VARSITY Tailors
Cleaners and Dyers
Our plant on the campus makes
a quicker service possible
ENCINA HALL
Phone 1442-W
The VARSITY Tailors
Cleaners and Dyers
Our plant on the campus makes
a quicker service possible
ENCINA HALL
Phone 1442-W
The VARSITY Tailors
Cleaners and Dyers
Our plant on the campus makes
a quicker service possible
ENCINA HALL
Phone 1442-W
The VARSITY Tailors
Cleaners and Dyers
Our plant on the campus makes
a quicker service possible
ENCINA HALL
Phone 1442-W
The VARSITY Tailors
Cleaners and Dyers
Our plant on the campus makes
a quicker service possible
ENCINA HALL
Phone 1442-W
The VARSITY Tailors
Cleaners and Dyers
Our plant on the campus makes
a quicker service possible
ENCINA HALL
Phone 1442-W
The VARSITY Tailors
Cleaners and Dyers
Our plant on the campus makes
a quicker service possible
ENCINA HALL
Phone 1442-W
The VARSITY Tailors
Cleaners and Dyers
Our plant on the campus makes
a quicker service possible
ENCINA HALL
Phone 1442-W
The VARSITY Tailors
Cleaners and Dyers
Our plant on the campus makes
a quicker service possible
ENCINA HALL
Phone 1442-W
The VARSITY Tailors
Cleaners and Dyers
Our plant on the campus makes
a quicker service possible
ENCINA HALL
Phone 1442-W
The VARSITY Tailors
Cleaners and Dyers
Our plant on the campus makes
a quicker service possible
ENCINA HALL
Phone 1442-W
