# Hoover Delivers Address On Co-operative Marketing
## 
### 
Herbert Hoover yesterday addressed
representatives of thirty-two Califor
nia agricultural organizations on the
subject of "Co-operative Marketing."
The occasion was a luncheon of the
Agricultural Legislative Committee at
; the Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
Herbert Hoover yesterday addressed
representatives of thirty-two Califor
nia agricultural organizations on the
subject of "Co-operative Marketing."
The occasion was a luncheon of the
Agricultural Legislative Committee at
; the Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
Herbert Hoover yesterday addressed
representatives of thirty-two Califor
nia agricultural organizations on the
subject of "Co-operative Marketing."
The occasion was a luncheon of the
Agricultural Legislative Committee at
; the Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
Herbert Hoover yesterday addressed
representatives of thirty-two Califor
nia agricultural organizations on the
subject of "Co-operative Marketing."
The occasion was a luncheon of the
Agricultural Legislative Committee at
; the Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
Herbert Hoover yesterday addressed
representatives of thirty-two Califor
nia agricultural organizations on the
subject of "Co-operative Marketing."
The occasion was a luncheon of the
Agricultural Legislative Committee at
; the Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
Herbert Hoover yesterday addressed
representatives of thirty-two Califor
nia agricultural organizations on the
subject of "Co-operative Marketing."
The occasion was a luncheon of the
Agricultural Legislative Committee at
; the Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
Herbert Hoover yesterday addressed
representatives of thirty-two Califor
nia agricultural organizations on the
subject of "Co-operative Marketing."
The occasion was a luncheon of the
Agricultural Legislative Committee at
; the Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
Herbert Hoover yesterday addressed
representatives of thirty-two Califor
nia agricultural organizations on the
subject of "Co-operative Marketing."
The occasion was a luncheon of the
Agricultural Legislative Committee at
; the Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
Herbert Hoover yesterday addressed
representatives of thirty-two Califor
nia agricultural organizations on the
subject of "Co-operative Marketing."
The occasion was a luncheon of the
Agricultural Legislative Committee at
; the Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
Herbert Hoover yesterday addressed
representatives of thirty-two Califor
nia agricultural organizations on the
subject of "Co-operative Marketing."
The occasion was a luncheon of the
Agricultural Legislative Committee at
; the Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
Herbert Hoover yesterday addressed
representatives of thirty-two Califor
nia agricultural organizations on the
subject of "Co-operative Marketing."
The occasion was a luncheon of the
Agricultural Legislative Committee at
; the Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
Herbert Hoover yesterday addressed
representatives of thirty-two Califor
nia agricultural organizations on the
subject of "Co-operative Marketing."
The occasion was a luncheon of the
Agricultural Legislative Committee at
; the Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
Herbert Hoover yesterday addressed
representatives of thirty-two Califor
nia agricultural organizations on the
subject of "Co-operative Marketing."
The occasion was a luncheon of the
Agricultural Legislative Committee at
; the Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
Herbert Hoover yesterday addressed
representatives of thirty-two Califor
nia agricultural organizations on the
subject of "Co-operative Marketing."
The occasion was a luncheon of the
Agricultural Legislative Committee at
; the Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
Herbert Hoover yesterday addressed
representatives of thirty-two Califor
nia agricultural organizations on the
subject of "Co-operative Marketing."
The occasion was a luncheon of the
Agricultural Legislative Committee at
; the Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
Herbert Hoover yesterday addressed
representatives of thirty-two Califor
nia agricultural organizations on the
subject of "Co-operative Marketing."
The occasion was a luncheon of the
Agricultural Legislative Committee at
; the Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
