# Rabbi Louis Newman Will Preach Sunday
## 
### 
Rabbi Louis J. Newman, of the
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco, will
be the preacher at the Memorial
Church services at 11 o'clock Sunday.
He is the successor of Rabbi Meyer,
and came to the city last summer. The
subjects Rabbi Newman has recently
spoke on are: "The Challenge of the
New Generation," "A Program of Faith
for a Troubled Age." "What Must the
Skeptic Believe," and "A Now Faith
for a New Age." His sermon Sunday
will probably consider some of these
problems.
The hymn will be "For Thee, O Dear
Country," by Tertins Noble, and the
anthem, "Larghetto," by Beethoven.
Rabbi Louis J. Newman, of the
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco, will
be the preacher at the Memorial
Church services at 11 o'clock Sunday.
He is the successor of Rabbi Meyer,
and came to the city last summer. The
subjects Rabbi Newman has recently
spoke on are: "The Challenge of the
New Generation," "A Program of Faith
for a Troubled Age." "What Must the
Skeptic Believe," and "A Now Faith
for a New Age." His sermon Sunday
will probably consider some of these
problems.
The hymn will be "For Thee, O Dear
Country," by Tertins Noble, and the
anthem, "Larghetto," by Beethoven.
Rabbi Louis J. Newman, of the
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco, will
be the preacher at the Memorial
Church services at 11 o'clock Sunday.
He is the successor of Rabbi Meyer,
and came to the city last summer. The
subjects Rabbi Newman has recently
spoke on are: "The Challenge of the
New Generation," "A Program of Faith
for a Troubled Age." "What Must the
Skeptic Believe," and "A Now Faith
for a New Age." His sermon Sunday
will probably consider some of these
problems.
The hymn will be "For Thee, O Dear
Country," by Tertins Noble, and the
anthem, "Larghetto," by Beethoven.
Rabbi Louis J. Newman, of the
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco, will
be the preacher at the Memorial
Church services at 11 o'clock Sunday.
He is the successor of Rabbi Meyer,
and came to the city last summer. The
subjects Rabbi Newman has recently
spoke on are: "The Challenge of the
New Generation," "A Program of Faith
for a Troubled Age." "What Must the
Skeptic Believe," and "A Now Faith
for a New Age." His sermon Sunday
will probably consider some of these
problems.
The hymn will be "For Thee, O Dear
Country," by Tertins Noble, and the
anthem, "Larghetto," by Beethoven.
Rabbi Louis J. Newman, of the
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco, will
be the preacher at the Memorial
Church services at 11 o'clock Sunday.
He is the successor of Rabbi Meyer,
and came to the city last summer. The
subjects Rabbi Newman has recently
spoke on are: "The Challenge of the
New Generation," "A Program of Faith
for a Troubled Age." "What Must the
Skeptic Believe," and "A Now Faith
for a New Age." His sermon Sunday
will probably consider some of these
problems.
The hymn will be "For Thee, O Dear
Country," by Tertins Noble, and the
anthem, "Larghetto," by Beethoven.
Rabbi Louis J. Newman, of the
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco, will
be the preacher at the Memorial
Church services at 11 o'clock Sunday.
He is the successor of Rabbi Meyer,
and came to the city last summer. The
subjects Rabbi Newman has recently
spoke on are: "The Challenge of the
New Generation," "A Program of Faith
for a Troubled Age." "What Must the
Skeptic Believe," and "A Now Faith
for a New Age." His sermon Sunday
will probably consider some of these
problems.
The hymn will be "For Thee, O Dear
Country," by Tertins Noble, and the
anthem, "Larghetto," by Beethoven.
Rabbi Louis J. Newman, of the
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco, will
be the preacher at the Memorial
Church services at 11 o'clock Sunday.
He is the successor of Rabbi Meyer,
and came to the city last summer. The
subjects Rabbi Newman has recently
spoke on are: "The Challenge of the
New Generation," "A Program of Faith
for a Troubled Age." "What Must the
Skeptic Believe," and "A Now Faith
for a New Age." His sermon Sunday
will probably consider some of these
problems.
The hymn will be "For Thee, O Dear
Country," by Tertins Noble, and the
anthem, "Larghetto," by Beethoven.
Rabbi Louis J. Newman, of the
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco, will
be the preacher at the Memorial
Church services at 11 o'clock Sunday.
He is the successor of Rabbi Meyer,
and came to the city last summer. The
subjects Rabbi Newman has recently
spoke on are: "The Challenge of the
New Generation," "A Program of Faith
for a Troubled Age." "What Must the
Skeptic Believe," and "A Now Faith
for a New Age." His sermon Sunday
will probably consider some of these
problems.
The hymn will be "For Thee, O Dear
Country," by Tertins Noble, and the
anthem, "Larghetto," by Beethoven.
Rabbi Louis J. Newman, of the
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco, will
be the preacher at the Memorial
Church services at 11 o'clock Sunday.
He is the successor of Rabbi Meyer,
and came to the city last summer. The
subjects Rabbi Newman has recently
spoke on are: "The Challenge of the
New Generation," "A Program of Faith
for a Troubled Age." "What Must the
Skeptic Believe," and "A Now Faith
for a New Age." His sermon Sunday
will probably consider some of these
problems.
The hymn will be "For Thee, O Dear
Country," by Tertins Noble, and the
anthem, "Larghetto," by Beethoven.
Rabbi Louis J. Newman, of the
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco, will
be the preacher at the Memorial
Church services at 11 o'clock Sunday.
He is the successor of Rabbi Meyer,
and came to the city last summer. The
subjects Rabbi Newman has recently
spoke on are: "The Challenge of the
New Generation," "A Program of Faith
for a Troubled Age." "What Must the
Skeptic Believe," and "A Now Faith
for a New Age." His sermon Sunday
will probably consider some of these
problems.
The hymn will be "For Thee, O Dear
Country," by Tertins Noble, and the
anthem, "Larghetto," by Beethoven.
Rabbi Louis J. Newman, of the
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco, will
be the preacher at the Memorial
Church services at 11 o'clock Sunday.
He is the successor of Rabbi Meyer,
and came to the city last summer. The
subjects Rabbi Newman has recently
spoke on are: "The Challenge of the
New Generation," "A Program of Faith
for a Troubled Age." "What Must the
Skeptic Believe," and "A Now Faith
for a New Age." His sermon Sunday
will probably consider some of these
problems.
The hymn will be "For Thee, O Dear
Country," by Tertins Noble, and the
anthem, "Larghetto," by Beethoven.
Rabbi Louis J. Newman, of the
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco, will
be the preacher at the Memorial
Church services at 11 o'clock Sunday.
He is the successor of Rabbi Meyer,
and came to the city last summer. The
subjects Rabbi Newman has recently
spoke on are: "The Challenge of the
New Generation," "A Program of Faith
for a Troubled Age." "What Must the
Skeptic Believe," and "A Now Faith
for a New Age." His sermon Sunday
will probably consider some of these
problems.
The hymn will be "For Thee, O Dear
Country," by Tertins Noble, and the
anthem, "Larghetto," by Beethoven.
Rabbi Louis J. Newman, of the
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco, will
be the preacher at the Memorial
Church services at 11 o'clock Sunday.
He is the successor of Rabbi Meyer,
and came to the city last summer. The
subjects Rabbi Newman has recently
spoke on are: "The Challenge of the
New Generation," "A Program of Faith
for a Troubled Age." "What Must the
Skeptic Believe," and "A Now Faith
for a New Age." His sermon Sunday
will probably consider some of these
problems.
The hymn will be "For Thee, O Dear
Country," by Tertins Noble, and the
anthem, "Larghetto," by Beethoven.
Rabbi Louis J. Newman, of the
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco, will
be the preacher at the Memorial
Church services at 11 o'clock Sunday.
He is the successor of Rabbi Meyer,
and came to the city last summer. The
subjects Rabbi Newman has recently
spoke on are: "The Challenge of the
New Generation," "A Program of Faith
for a Troubled Age." "What Must the
Skeptic Believe," and "A Now Faith
for a New Age." His sermon Sunday
will probably consider some of these
problems.
The hymn will be "For Thee, O Dear
Country," by Tertins Noble, and the
anthem, "Larghetto," by Beethoven.
Rabbi Louis J. Newman, of the
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco, will
be the preacher at the Memorial
Church services at 11 o'clock Sunday.
He is the successor of Rabbi Meyer,
and came to the city last summer. The
subjects Rabbi Newman has recently
spoke on are: "The Challenge of the
New Generation," "A Program of Faith
for a Troubled Age." "What Must the
Skeptic Believe," and "A Now Faith
for a New Age." His sermon Sunday
will probably consider some of these
problems.
The hymn will be "For Thee, O Dear
Country," by Tertins Noble, and the
anthem, "Larghetto," by Beethoven.
Rabbi Louis J. Newman, of the
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco, will
be the preacher at the Memorial
Church services at 11 o'clock Sunday.
He is the successor of Rabbi Meyer,
and came to the city last summer. The
subjects Rabbi Newman has recently
spoke on are: "The Challenge of the
New Generation," "A Program of Faith
for a Troubled Age." "What Must the
Skeptic Believe," and "A Now Faith
for a New Age." His sermon Sunday
will probably consider some of these
problems.
The hymn will be "For Thee, O Dear
Country," by Tertins Noble, and the
anthem, "Larghetto," by Beethoven.
