# R. O. T. C. Plans Smoker At Military Headquarters
## 
### 
Members of the Stanford R. O. T. C.
unit are planning to give a smoker at
the Military headquarters on the eve
ning of November 21. Special enter
tainment and refreshments arc plan-1
nod, and committees to take care of
the affair have been appointed.
The large room in the Military head
quarters building will be decorated
for the occasion and a large turnout
of the members of the unit Is ex
pected.
Members of the Stanford R. O. T. C.
unit are planning to give a smoker at
the Military headquarters on the eve
ning of November 21. Special enter
tainment and refreshments arc plan-1
nod, and committees to take care of
the affair have been appointed.
The large room in the Military head
quarters building will be decorated
for the occasion and a large turnout
of the members of the unit Is ex
pected.
Members of the Stanford R. O. T. C.
unit are planning to give a smoker at
the Military headquarters on the eve
ning of November 21. Special enter
tainment and refreshments arc plan-1
nod, and committees to take care of
the affair have been appointed.
The large room in the Military head
quarters building will be decorated
for the occasion and a large turnout
of the members of the unit Is ex
pected.
Members of the Stanford R. O. T. C.
unit are planning to give a smoker at
the Military headquarters on the eve
ning of November 21. Special enter
tainment and refreshments arc plan-1
nod, and committees to take care of
the affair have been appointed.
The large room in the Military head
quarters building will be decorated
for the occasion and a large turnout
of the members of the unit Is ex
pected.
Members of the Stanford R. O. T. C.
unit are planning to give a smoker at
the Military headquarters on the eve
ning of November 21. Special enter
tainment and refreshments arc plan-1
nod, and committees to take care of
the affair have been appointed.
The large room in the Military head
quarters building will be decorated
for the occasion and a large turnout
of the members of the unit Is ex
pected.
Members of the Stanford R. O. T. C.
unit are planning to give a smoker at
the Military headquarters on the eve
ning of November 21. Special enter
tainment and refreshments arc plan-1
nod, and committees to take care of
the affair have been appointed.
The large room in the Military head
quarters building will be decorated
for the occasion and a large turnout
of the members of the unit Is ex
pected.
Members of the Stanford R. O. T. C.
unit are planning to give a smoker at
the Military headquarters on the eve
ning of November 21. Special enter
tainment and refreshments arc plan-1
nod, and committees to take care of
the affair have been appointed.
The large room in the Military head
quarters building will be decorated
for the occasion and a large turnout
of the members of the unit Is ex
pected.
Members of the Stanford R. O. T. C.
unit are planning to give a smoker at
the Military headquarters on the eve
ning of November 21. Special enter
tainment and refreshments arc plan-1
nod, and committees to take care of
the affair have been appointed.
The large room in the Military head
quarters building will be decorated
for the occasion and a large turnout
of the members of the unit Is ex
pected.
Members of the Stanford R. O. T. C.
unit are planning to give a smoker at
the Military headquarters on the eve
ning of November 21. Special enter
tainment and refreshments arc plan-1
nod, and committees to take care of
the affair have been appointed.
The large room in the Military head
quarters building will be decorated
for the occasion and a large turnout
of the members of the unit Is ex
pected.
Members of the Stanford R. O. T. C.
unit are planning to give a smoker at
the Military headquarters on the eve
ning of November 21. Special enter
tainment and refreshments arc plan-1
nod, and committees to take care of
the affair have been appointed.
The large room in the Military head
quarters building will be decorated
for the occasion and a large turnout
of the members of the unit Is ex
pected.
Members of the Stanford R. O. T. C.
unit are planning to give a smoker at
the Military headquarters on the eve
ning of November 21. Special enter
tainment and refreshments arc plan-1
nod, and committees to take care of
the affair have been appointed.
The large room in the Military head
quarters building will be decorated
for the occasion and a large turnout
of the members of the unit Is ex
pected.
Members of the Stanford R. O. T. C.
unit are planning to give a smoker at
the Military headquarters on the eve
ning of November 21. Special enter
tainment and refreshments arc plan-1
nod, and committees to take care of
the affair have been appointed.
The large room in the Military head
quarters building will be decorated
for the occasion and a large turnout
of the members of the unit Is ex
pected.
Members of the Stanford R. O. T. C.
unit are planning to give a smoker at
the Military headquarters on the eve
ning of November 21. Special enter
tainment and refreshments arc plan-1
nod, and committees to take care of
the affair have been appointed.
The large room in the Military head
quarters building will be decorated
for the occasion and a large turnout
of the members of the unit Is ex
pected.
Members of the Stanford R. O. T. C.
unit are planning to give a smoker at
the Military headquarters on the eve
ning of November 21. Special enter
tainment and refreshments arc plan-1
nod, and committees to take care of
the affair have been appointed.
The large room in the Military head
quarters building will be decorated
for the occasion and a large turnout
of the members of the unit Is ex
pected.
Members of the Stanford R. O. T. C.
unit are planning to give a smoker at
the Military headquarters on the eve
ning of November 21. Special enter
tainment and refreshments arc plan-1
nod, and committees to take care of
the affair have been appointed.
The large room in the Military head
quarters building will be decorated
for the occasion and a large turnout
of the members of the unit Is ex
pected.
Members of the Stanford R. O. T. C.
unit are planning to give a smoker at
the Military headquarters on the eve
ning of November 21. Special enter
tainment and refreshments arc plan-1
nod, and committees to take care of
the affair have been appointed.
The large room in the Military head
quarters building will be decorated
for the occasion and a large turnout
of the members of the unit Is ex
pected.
