# GREGOIRE CITES FALSE NOTIONS OF HISTORY
## 
### 
Wrong impressions in the j-tudy of
Byzantine history constituted the main
topic in Professor Henri Gregoire's lec
ture on "Byzantine Culture and Civili
zation," given in French, yesterday aft
ernoon. This lecture was one of a se
ries being given every Wednesday.
Professor Gregoire pointed out that
the Diocletian persecution in the late
third and early fourth centuries was
really the instigation of Galere, in
stead of that of the man from whom il
receives its name. He also stated that
Constantine was a Christian.
Professor Gregoire, who is from iho
University of Brussels, said a few
words after the lecture, expressing the
gratitude of the Belgian people for the
Belgian Relief Commission and for the
aid in education given the Belgians by
the United States.

The University of Missouri has 2,105
registered for the summer session.
Wrong impressions in the j-tudy of
Byzantine history constituted the main
topic in Professor Henri Gregoire's lec
ture on "Byzantine Culture and Civili
zation," given in French, yesterday aft
ernoon. This lecture was one of a se
ries being given every Wednesday.
Professor Gregoire pointed out that
the Diocletian persecution in the late
third and early fourth centuries was
really the instigation of Galere, in
stead of that of the man from whom il
receives its name. He also stated that
Constantine was a Christian.
Professor Gregoire, who is from iho
University of Brussels, said a few
words after the lecture, expressing the
gratitude of the Belgian people for the
Belgian Relief Commission and for the
aid in education given the Belgians by
the United States.

The University of Missouri has 2,105
registered for the summer session.
Wrong impressions in the j-tudy of
Byzantine history constituted the main
topic in Professor Henri Gregoire's lec
ture on "Byzantine Culture and Civili
zation," given in French, yesterday aft
ernoon. This lecture was one of a se
ries being given every Wednesday.
Professor Gregoire pointed out that
the Diocletian persecution in the late
third and early fourth centuries was
really the instigation of Galere, in
stead of that of the man from whom il
receives its name. He also stated that
Constantine was a Christian.
Professor Gregoire, who is from iho
University of Brussels, said a few
words after the lecture, expressing the
gratitude of the Belgian people for the
Belgian Relief Commission and for the
aid in education given the Belgians by
the United States.

The University of Missouri has 2,105
registered for the summer session.
Wrong impressions in the j-tudy of
Byzantine history constituted the main
topic in Professor Henri Gregoire's lec
ture on "Byzantine Culture and Civili
zation," given in French, yesterday aft
ernoon. This lecture was one of a se
ries being given every Wednesday.
Professor Gregoire pointed out that
the Diocletian persecution in the late
third and early fourth centuries was
really the instigation of Galere, in
stead of that of the man from whom il
receives its name. He also stated that
Constantine was a Christian.
Professor Gregoire, who is from iho
University of Brussels, said a few
words after the lecture, expressing the
gratitude of the Belgian people for the
Belgian Relief Commission and for the
aid in education given the Belgians by
the United States.

The University of Missouri has 2,105
registered for the summer session.
Wrong impressions in the j-tudy of
Byzantine history constituted the main
topic in Professor Henri Gregoire's lec
ture on "Byzantine Culture and Civili
zation," given in French, yesterday aft
ernoon. This lecture was one of a se
ries being given every Wednesday.
Professor Gregoire pointed out that
the Diocletian persecution in the late
third and early fourth centuries was
really the instigation of Galere, in
stead of that of the man from whom il
receives its name. He also stated that
Constantine was a Christian.
Professor Gregoire, who is from iho
University of Brussels, said a few
words after the lecture, expressing the
gratitude of the Belgian people for the
Belgian Relief Commission and for the
aid in education given the Belgians by
the United States.

The University of Missouri has 2,105
registered for the summer session.
Wrong impressions in the j-tudy of
Byzantine history constituted the main
topic in Professor Henri Gregoire's lec
ture on "Byzantine Culture and Civili
zation," given in French, yesterday aft
ernoon. This lecture was one of a se
ries being given every Wednesday.
Professor Gregoire pointed out that
the Diocletian persecution in the late
third and early fourth centuries was
really the instigation of Galere, in
stead of that of the man from whom il
receives its name. He also stated that
Constantine was a Christian.
Professor Gregoire, who is from iho
University of Brussels, said a few
words after the lecture, expressing the
gratitude of the Belgian people for the
Belgian Relief Commission and for the
aid in education given the Belgians by
the United States.

The University of Missouri has 2,105
registered for the summer session.
Wrong impressions in the j-tudy of
Byzantine history constituted the main
topic in Professor Henri Gregoire's lec
ture on "Byzantine Culture and Civili
zation," given in French, yesterday aft
ernoon. This lecture was one of a se
ries being given every Wednesday.
Professor Gregoire pointed out that
the Diocletian persecution in the late
third and early fourth centuries was
really the instigation of Galere, in
stead of that of the man from whom il
receives its name. He also stated that
Constantine was a Christian.
Professor Gregoire, who is from iho
University of Brussels, said a few
words after the lecture, expressing the
gratitude of the Belgian people for the
Belgian Relief Commission and for the
aid in education given the Belgians by
the United States.

The University of Missouri has 2,105
registered for the summer session.
Wrong impressions in the j-tudy of
Byzantine history constituted the main
topic in Professor Henri Gregoire's lec
ture on "Byzantine Culture and Civili
zation," given in French, yesterday aft
ernoon. This lecture was one of a se
ries being given every Wednesday.
Professor Gregoire pointed out that
the Diocletian persecution in the late
third and early fourth centuries was
really the instigation of Galere, in
stead of that of the man from whom il
receives its name. He also stated that
Constantine was a Christian.
Professor Gregoire, who is from iho
University of Brussels, said a few
words after the lecture, expressing the
gratitude of the Belgian people for the
Belgian Relief Commission and for the
aid in education given the Belgians by
the United States.

The University of Missouri has 2,105
registered for the summer session.
Wrong impressions in the j-tudy of
Byzantine history constituted the main
topic in Professor Henri Gregoire's lec
ture on "Byzantine Culture and Civili
zation," given in French, yesterday aft
ernoon. This lecture was one of a se
ries being given every Wednesday.
Professor Gregoire pointed out that
the Diocletian persecution in the late
third and early fourth centuries was
really the instigation of Galere, in
stead of that of the man from whom il
receives its name. He also stated that
Constantine was a Christian.
Professor Gregoire, who is from iho
University of Brussels, said a few
words after the lecture, expressing the
gratitude of the Belgian people for the
Belgian Relief Commission and for the
aid in education given the Belgians by
the United States.

The University of Missouri has 2,105
registered for the summer session.
Wrong impressions in the j-tudy of
Byzantine history constituted the main
topic in Professor Henri Gregoire's lec
ture on "Byzantine Culture and Civili
zation," given in French, yesterday aft
ernoon. This lecture was one of a se
ries being given every Wednesday.
Professor Gregoire pointed out that
the Diocletian persecution in the late
third and early fourth centuries was
really the instigation of Galere, in
stead of that of the man from whom il
receives its name. He also stated that
Constantine was a Christian.
Professor Gregoire, who is from iho
University of Brussels, said a few
words after the lecture, expressing the
gratitude of the Belgian people for the
Belgian Relief Commission and for the
aid in education given the Belgians by
the United States.

The University of Missouri has 2,105
registered for the summer session.
Wrong impressions in the j-tudy of
Byzantine history constituted the main
topic in Professor Henri Gregoire's lec
ture on "Byzantine Culture and Civili
zation," given in French, yesterday aft
ernoon. This lecture was one of a se
ries being given every Wednesday.
Professor Gregoire pointed out that
the Diocletian persecution in the late
third and early fourth centuries was
really the instigation of Galere, in
stead of that of the man from whom il
receives its name. He also stated that
Constantine was a Christian.
Professor Gregoire, who is from iho
University of Brussels, said a few
words after the lecture, expressing the
gratitude of the Belgian people for the
Belgian Relief Commission and for the
aid in education given the Belgians by
the United States.

The University of Missouri has 2,105
registered for the summer session.
Wrong impressions in the j-tudy of
Byzantine history constituted the main
topic in Professor Henri Gregoire's lec
ture on "Byzantine Culture and Civili
zation," given in French, yesterday aft
ernoon. This lecture was one of a se
ries being given every Wednesday.
Professor Gregoire pointed out that
the Diocletian persecution in the late
third and early fourth centuries was
really the instigation of Galere, in
stead of that of the man from whom il
receives its name. He also stated that
Constantine was a Christian.
Professor Gregoire, who is from iho
University of Brussels, said a few
words after the lecture, expressing the
gratitude of the Belgian people for the
Belgian Relief Commission and for the
aid in education given the Belgians by
the United States.

The University of Missouri has 2,105
registered for the summer session.
Wrong impressions in the j-tudy of
Byzantine history constituted the main
topic in Professor Henri Gregoire's lec
ture on "Byzantine Culture and Civili
zation," given in French, yesterday aft
ernoon. This lecture was one of a se
ries being given every Wednesday.
Professor Gregoire pointed out that
the Diocletian persecution in the late
third and early fourth centuries was
really the instigation of Galere, in
stead of that of the man from whom il
receives its name. He also stated that
Constantine was a Christian.
Professor Gregoire, who is from iho
University of Brussels, said a few
words after the lecture, expressing the
gratitude of the Belgian people for the
Belgian Relief Commission and for the
aid in education given the Belgians by
the United States.

The University of Missouri has 2,105
registered for the summer session.
Wrong impressions in the j-tudy of
Byzantine history constituted the main
topic in Professor Henri Gregoire's lec
ture on "Byzantine Culture and Civili
zation," given in French, yesterday aft
ernoon. This lecture was one of a se
ries being given every Wednesday.
Professor Gregoire pointed out that
the Diocletian persecution in the late
third and early fourth centuries was
really the instigation of Galere, in
stead of that of the man from whom il
receives its name. He also stated that
Constantine was a Christian.
Professor Gregoire, who is from iho
University of Brussels, said a few
words after the lecture, expressing the
gratitude of the Belgian people for the
Belgian Relief Commission and for the
aid in education given the Belgians by
the United States.

The University of Missouri has 2,105
registered for the summer session.
Wrong impressions in the j-tudy of
Byzantine history constituted the main
topic in Professor Henri Gregoire's lec
ture on "Byzantine Culture and Civili
zation," given in French, yesterday aft
ernoon. This lecture was one of a se
ries being given every Wednesday.
Professor Gregoire pointed out that
the Diocletian persecution in the late
third and early fourth centuries was
really the instigation of Galere, in
stead of that of the man from whom il
receives its name. He also stated that
Constantine was a Christian.
Professor Gregoire, who is from iho
University of Brussels, said a few
words after the lecture, expressing the
gratitude of the Belgian people for the
Belgian Relief Commission and for the
aid in education given the Belgians by
the United States.

The University of Missouri has 2,105
registered for the summer session.
