# STANFORD DAMES TO MEET
## 
### 
The first regular meeting of the Stan
ford Dames will be held July 2 instead
of today as previously announced. They
will meet the first and third Thursdays
at 3 o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Wives of all registered students are in
vited to attend.
The first regular meeting of the Stan
ford Dames will be held July 2 instead
of today as previously announced. They
will meet the first and third Thursdays
at 3 o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Wives of all registered students are in
vited to attend.
The first regular meeting of the Stan
ford Dames will be held July 2 instead
of today as previously announced. They
will meet the first and third Thursdays
at 3 o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Wives of all registered students are in
vited to attend.
The first regular meeting of the Stan
ford Dames will be held July 2 instead
of today as previously announced. They
will meet the first and third Thursdays
at 3 o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Wives of all registered students are in
vited to attend.
The first regular meeting of the Stan
ford Dames will be held July 2 instead
of today as previously announced. They
will meet the first and third Thursdays
at 3 o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Wives of all registered students are in
vited to attend.
The first regular meeting of the Stan
ford Dames will be held July 2 instead
of today as previously announced. They
will meet the first and third Thursdays
at 3 o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Wives of all registered students are in
vited to attend.
The first regular meeting of the Stan
ford Dames will be held July 2 instead
of today as previously announced. They
will meet the first and third Thursdays
at 3 o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Wives of all registered students are in
vited to attend.
The first regular meeting of the Stan
ford Dames will be held July 2 instead
of today as previously announced. They
will meet the first and third Thursdays
at 3 o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Wives of all registered students are in
vited to attend.
The first regular meeting of the Stan
ford Dames will be held July 2 instead
of today as previously announced. They
will meet the first and third Thursdays
at 3 o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Wives of all registered students are in
vited to attend.
The first regular meeting of the Stan
ford Dames will be held July 2 instead
of today as previously announced. They
will meet the first and third Thursdays
at 3 o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Wives of all registered students are in
vited to attend.
The first regular meeting of the Stan
ford Dames will be held July 2 instead
of today as previously announced. They
will meet the first and third Thursdays
at 3 o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Wives of all registered students are in
vited to attend.
The first regular meeting of the Stan
ford Dames will be held July 2 instead
of today as previously announced. They
will meet the first and third Thursdays
at 3 o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Wives of all registered students are in
vited to attend.
The first regular meeting of the Stan
ford Dames will be held July 2 instead
of today as previously announced. They
will meet the first and third Thursdays
at 3 o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Wives of all registered students are in
vited to attend.
The first regular meeting of the Stan
ford Dames will be held July 2 instead
of today as previously announced. They
will meet the first and third Thursdays
at 3 o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Wives of all registered students are in
vited to attend.
The first regular meeting of the Stan
ford Dames will be held July 2 instead
of today as previously announced. They
will meet the first and third Thursdays
at 3 o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Wives of all registered students are in
vited to attend.
