# NEW DEPARTMENT.
## 
### 
P. L. Seam,ins, pioneer jeweler, has
installed a complete lense-tfrindlns
plant, and is prepared to turn out
your optical work on short, notice.
Ryes examined and corrections marie
and guaranteed by Dr. J. H. Sohn, eye
racialist of 25 years' experience.—
P. L. Seam,ins, pioneer jeweler, has
installed a complete lense-tfrindlns
plant, and is prepared to turn out
your optical work on short, notice.
Ryes examined and corrections marie
and guaranteed by Dr. J. H. Sohn, eye
racialist of 25 years' experience.—
P. L. Seam,ins, pioneer jeweler, has
installed a complete lense-tfrindlns
plant, and is prepared to turn out
your optical work on short, notice.
Ryes examined and corrections marie
and guaranteed by Dr. J. H. Sohn, eye
racialist of 25 years' experience.—
P. L. Seam,ins, pioneer jeweler, has
installed a complete lense-tfrindlns
plant, and is prepared to turn out
your optical work on short, notice.
Ryes examined and corrections marie
and guaranteed by Dr. J. H. Sohn, eye
racialist of 25 years' experience.—
P. L. Seam,ins, pioneer jeweler, has
installed a complete lense-tfrindlns
plant, and is prepared to turn out
your optical work on short, notice.
Ryes examined and corrections marie
and guaranteed by Dr. J. H. Sohn, eye
racialist of 25 years' experience.—
P. L. Seam,ins, pioneer jeweler, has
installed a complete lense-tfrindlns
plant, and is prepared to turn out
your optical work on short, notice.
Ryes examined and corrections marie
and guaranteed by Dr. J. H. Sohn, eye
racialist of 25 years' experience.—
P. L. Seam,ins, pioneer jeweler, has
installed a complete lense-tfrindlns
plant, and is prepared to turn out
your optical work on short, notice.
Ryes examined and corrections marie
and guaranteed by Dr. J. H. Sohn, eye
racialist of 25 years' experience.—
P. L. Seam,ins, pioneer jeweler, has
installed a complete lense-tfrindlns
plant, and is prepared to turn out
your optical work on short, notice.
Ryes examined and corrections marie
and guaranteed by Dr. J. H. Sohn, eye
racialist of 25 years' experience.—
P. L. Seam,ins, pioneer jeweler, has
installed a complete lense-tfrindlns
plant, and is prepared to turn out
your optical work on short, notice.
Ryes examined and corrections marie
and guaranteed by Dr. J. H. Sohn, eye
racialist of 25 years' experience.—
P. L. Seam,ins, pioneer jeweler, has
installed a complete lense-tfrindlns
plant, and is prepared to turn out
your optical work on short, notice.
Ryes examined and corrections marie
and guaranteed by Dr. J. H. Sohn, eye
racialist of 25 years' experience.—
P. L. Seam,ins, pioneer jeweler, has
installed a complete lense-tfrindlns
plant, and is prepared to turn out
your optical work on short, notice.
Ryes examined and corrections marie
and guaranteed by Dr. J. H. Sohn, eye
racialist of 25 years' experience.—
P. L. Seam,ins, pioneer jeweler, has
installed a complete lense-tfrindlns
plant, and is prepared to turn out
your optical work on short, notice.
Ryes examined and corrections marie
and guaranteed by Dr. J. H. Sohn, eye
racialist of 25 years' experience.—
P. L. Seam,ins, pioneer jeweler, has
installed a complete lense-tfrindlns
plant, and is prepared to turn out
your optical work on short, notice.
Ryes examined and corrections marie
and guaranteed by Dr. J. H. Sohn, eye
racialist of 25 years' experience.—
P. L. Seam,ins, pioneer jeweler, has
installed a complete lense-tfrindlns
plant, and is prepared to turn out
your optical work on short, notice.
Ryes examined and corrections marie
and guaranteed by Dr. J. H. Sohn, eye
racialist of 25 years' experience.—
