# LETTERS
## 
### 
Drunk driver
gets justice
Regarding the "prosecution"
of Joseph Anderson by the Stan
ford Judicial Council: Why is it
"arbitrary" to apply the Funda
mental Standard to a charge of
drunk driving?
Why doesn't The Daily con
demn policemen for arresting
drunk drivers as well? After all,
not all people who drink and
drive are arrested; therefore
those who are pulled over are
being treated injustly and arbi
trarily, right?
The Daily is right to criticize
the University for cracking down

on drunk drivers now, after "60-
odd years of student driving."
However, why condemn the
University when it finally takes
the step?
It's hard luck on Anderson, of
course, and it's perhaps unjust
from his point of view in that he
got caught while a multitude of
other offenders haven't. But
drunk driving is a crime, a
serious crime, and is irrefutably
contrary to the Fundamental
Standard of the University. Let
Anderson learn his lesson, and
let others beware: The Univer
sity is getting tough, and better
late than never.
Eric Cohen
Senior, art
