# Mrs. Wilbur Disparaged By Mistaken Freshman
## 
### 
Are the Assembly Hall accoustics
completely unreliable, or are incom
ing Stanford students even more in
attentive to lecturers than previ
ously? One would say that they are,
to judge by a conversation overheard
during the assembly yesterday.
Two roughs, sitting in the balcony,
seemed to be unable to hear Presi
dent Wilbur's remarks concerning
intoxicated drivers: "Remember my
advice to Mrs. Wilbur when she was
learning to drive: The other fellow
is always a fool, and often a drunken
fool."
"What was that?" asked the first
rough, in a loud whisper. "He said,"
answered his alert companion, "that
Mrs. Wilbur is a fool, and often a
drunken fool."
Are the Assembly Hall accoustics
completely unreliable, or are incom
ing Stanford students even more in
attentive to lecturers than previ
ously? One would say that they are,
to judge by a conversation overheard
during the assembly yesterday.
Two roughs, sitting in the balcony,
seemed to be unable to hear Presi
dent Wilbur's remarks concerning
intoxicated drivers: "Remember my
advice to Mrs. Wilbur when she was
learning to drive: The other fellow
is always a fool, and often a drunken
fool."
"What was that?" asked the first
rough, in a loud whisper. "He said,"
answered his alert companion, "that
Mrs. Wilbur is a fool, and often a
drunken fool."
Are the Assembly Hall accoustics
completely unreliable, or are incom
ing Stanford students even more in
attentive to lecturers than previ
ously? One would say that they are,
to judge by a conversation overheard
during the assembly yesterday.
Two roughs, sitting in the balcony,
seemed to be unable to hear Presi
dent Wilbur's remarks concerning
intoxicated drivers: "Remember my
advice to Mrs. Wilbur when she was
learning to drive: The other fellow
is always a fool, and often a drunken
fool."
"What was that?" asked the first
rough, in a loud whisper. "He said,"
answered his alert companion, "that
Mrs. Wilbur is a fool, and often a
drunken fool."
Are the Assembly Hall accoustics
completely unreliable, or are incom
ing Stanford students even more in
attentive to lecturers than previ
ously? One would say that they are,
to judge by a conversation overheard
during the assembly yesterday.
Two roughs, sitting in the balcony,
seemed to be unable to hear Presi
dent Wilbur's remarks concerning
intoxicated drivers: "Remember my
advice to Mrs. Wilbur when she was
learning to drive: The other fellow
is always a fool, and often a drunken
fool."
"What was that?" asked the first
rough, in a loud whisper. "He said,"
answered his alert companion, "that
Mrs. Wilbur is a fool, and often a
drunken fool."
Are the Assembly Hall accoustics
completely unreliable, or are incom
ing Stanford students even more in
attentive to lecturers than previ
ously? One would say that they are,
to judge by a conversation overheard
during the assembly yesterday.
Two roughs, sitting in the balcony,
seemed to be unable to hear Presi
dent Wilbur's remarks concerning
intoxicated drivers: "Remember my
advice to Mrs. Wilbur when she was
learning to drive: The other fellow
is always a fool, and often a drunken
fool."
"What was that?" asked the first
rough, in a loud whisper. "He said,"
answered his alert companion, "that
Mrs. Wilbur is a fool, and often a
drunken fool."
Are the Assembly Hall accoustics
completely unreliable, or are incom
ing Stanford students even more in
attentive to lecturers than previ
ously? One would say that they are,
to judge by a conversation overheard
during the assembly yesterday.
Two roughs, sitting in the balcony,
seemed to be unable to hear Presi
dent Wilbur's remarks concerning
intoxicated drivers: "Remember my
advice to Mrs. Wilbur when she was
learning to drive: The other fellow
is always a fool, and often a drunken
fool."
"What was that?" asked the first
rough, in a loud whisper. "He said,"
answered his alert companion, "that
Mrs. Wilbur is a fool, and often a
drunken fool."
Are the Assembly Hall accoustics
completely unreliable, or are incom
ing Stanford students even more in
attentive to lecturers than previ
ously? One would say that they are,
to judge by a conversation overheard
during the assembly yesterday.
Two roughs, sitting in the balcony,
seemed to be unable to hear Presi
dent Wilbur's remarks concerning
intoxicated drivers: "Remember my
advice to Mrs. Wilbur when she was
learning to drive: The other fellow
is always a fool, and often a drunken
fool."
"What was that?" asked the first
rough, in a loud whisper. "He said,"
answered his alert companion, "that
Mrs. Wilbur is a fool, and often a
drunken fool."
Are the Assembly Hall accoustics
completely unreliable, or are incom
ing Stanford students even more in
attentive to lecturers than previ
ously? One would say that they are,
to judge by a conversation overheard
during the assembly yesterday.
Two roughs, sitting in the balcony,
seemed to be unable to hear Presi
dent Wilbur's remarks concerning
intoxicated drivers: "Remember my
advice to Mrs. Wilbur when she was
learning to drive: The other fellow
is always a fool, and often a drunken
fool."
"What was that?" asked the first
rough, in a loud whisper. "He said,"
answered his alert companion, "that
Mrs. Wilbur is a fool, and often a
drunken fool."
Are the Assembly Hall accoustics
completely unreliable, or are incom
ing Stanford students even more in
attentive to lecturers than previ
ously? One would say that they are,
to judge by a conversation overheard
during the assembly yesterday.
Two roughs, sitting in the balcony,
seemed to be unable to hear Presi
dent Wilbur's remarks concerning
intoxicated drivers: "Remember my
advice to Mrs. Wilbur when she was
learning to drive: The other fellow
is always a fool, and often a drunken
fool."
"What was that?" asked the first
rough, in a loud whisper. "He said,"
answered his alert companion, "that
Mrs. Wilbur is a fool, and often a
drunken fool."
Are the Assembly Hall accoustics
completely unreliable, or are incom
ing Stanford students even more in
attentive to lecturers than previ
ously? One would say that they are,
to judge by a conversation overheard
during the assembly yesterday.
Two roughs, sitting in the balcony,
seemed to be unable to hear Presi
dent Wilbur's remarks concerning
intoxicated drivers: "Remember my
advice to Mrs. Wilbur when she was
learning to drive: The other fellow
is always a fool, and often a drunken
fool."
"What was that?" asked the first
rough, in a loud whisper. "He said,"
answered his alert companion, "that
Mrs. Wilbur is a fool, and often a
drunken fool."
Are the Assembly Hall accoustics
completely unreliable, or are incom
ing Stanford students even more in
attentive to lecturers than previ
ously? One would say that they are,
to judge by a conversation overheard
during the assembly yesterday.
Two roughs, sitting in the balcony,
seemed to be unable to hear Presi
dent Wilbur's remarks concerning
intoxicated drivers: "Remember my
advice to Mrs. Wilbur when she was
learning to drive: The other fellow
is always a fool, and often a drunken
fool."
"What was that?" asked the first
rough, in a loud whisper. "He said,"
answered his alert companion, "that
Mrs. Wilbur is a fool, and often a
drunken fool."
Are the Assembly Hall accoustics
completely unreliable, or are incom
ing Stanford students even more in
attentive to lecturers than previ
ously? One would say that they are,
to judge by a conversation overheard
during the assembly yesterday.
Two roughs, sitting in the balcony,
seemed to be unable to hear Presi
dent Wilbur's remarks concerning
intoxicated drivers: "Remember my
advice to Mrs. Wilbur when she was
learning to drive: The other fellow
is always a fool, and often a drunken
fool."
"What was that?" asked the first
rough, in a loud whisper. "He said,"
answered his alert companion, "that
Mrs. Wilbur is a fool, and often a
drunken fool."
Are the Assembly Hall accoustics
completely unreliable, or are incom
ing Stanford students even more in
attentive to lecturers than previ
ously? One would say that they are,
to judge by a conversation overheard
during the assembly yesterday.
Two roughs, sitting in the balcony,
seemed to be unable to hear Presi
dent Wilbur's remarks concerning
intoxicated drivers: "Remember my
advice to Mrs. Wilbur when she was
learning to drive: The other fellow
is always a fool, and often a drunken
fool."
"What was that?" asked the first
rough, in a loud whisper. "He said,"
answered his alert companion, "that
Mrs. Wilbur is a fool, and often a
drunken fool."
Are the Assembly Hall accoustics
completely unreliable, or are incom
ing Stanford students even more in
attentive to lecturers than previ
ously? One would say that they are,
to judge by a conversation overheard
during the assembly yesterday.
Two roughs, sitting in the balcony,
seemed to be unable to hear Presi
dent Wilbur's remarks concerning
intoxicated drivers: "Remember my
advice to Mrs. Wilbur when she was
learning to drive: The other fellow
is always a fool, and often a drunken
fool."
"What was that?" asked the first
rough, in a loud whisper. "He said,"
answered his alert companion, "that
Mrs. Wilbur is a fool, and often a
drunken fool."
Are the Assembly Hall accoustics
completely unreliable, or are incom
ing Stanford students even more in
attentive to lecturers than previ
ously? One would say that they are,
to judge by a conversation overheard
during the assembly yesterday.
Two roughs, sitting in the balcony,
seemed to be unable to hear Presi
dent Wilbur's remarks concerning
intoxicated drivers: "Remember my
advice to Mrs. Wilbur when she was
learning to drive: The other fellow
is always a fool, and often a drunken
fool."
"What was that?" asked the first
rough, in a loud whisper. "He said,"
answered his alert companion, "that
Mrs. Wilbur is a fool, and often a
drunken fool."
