# Rooters Caps on Sale For Game October 12
## 
### 
Rooters caps are now on sale at
Wideman's, who, through a special
agreement have the exclusive ,
agency. Caps are necessary, accord
ing to Rally Committee members, |
for the Northwestern game on Sat
urday, Oct. 13, as card stunts arc j
scheduled. Latest news last night
from the Rally Committee members i
was that they thought the rooters j
caps are cheaper this season, the!
price having been reduced to 7. r >
cents.
Rooters caps are now on sale at
Wideman's, who, through a special
agreement have the exclusive ,
agency. Caps are necessary, accord
ing to Rally Committee members, |
for the Northwestern game on Sat
urday, Oct. 13, as card stunts arc j
scheduled. Latest news last night
from the Rally Committee members i
was that they thought the rooters j
caps are cheaper this season, the!
price having been reduced to 7. r >
cents.
Rooters caps are now on sale at
Wideman's, who, through a special
agreement have the exclusive ,
agency. Caps are necessary, accord
ing to Rally Committee members, |
for the Northwestern game on Sat
urday, Oct. 13, as card stunts arc j
scheduled. Latest news last night
from the Rally Committee members i
was that they thought the rooters j
caps are cheaper this season, the!
price having been reduced to 7. r >
cents.
Rooters caps are now on sale at
Wideman's, who, through a special
agreement have the exclusive ,
agency. Caps are necessary, accord
ing to Rally Committee members, |
for the Northwestern game on Sat
urday, Oct. 13, as card stunts arc j
scheduled. Latest news last night
from the Rally Committee members i
was that they thought the rooters j
caps are cheaper this season, the!
price having been reduced to 7. r >
cents.
Rooters caps are now on sale at
Wideman's, who, through a special
agreement have the exclusive ,
agency. Caps are necessary, accord
ing to Rally Committee members, |
for the Northwestern game on Sat
urday, Oct. 13, as card stunts arc j
scheduled. Latest news last night
from the Rally Committee members i
was that they thought the rooters j
caps are cheaper this season, the!
price having been reduced to 7. r >
cents.
Rooters caps are now on sale at
Wideman's, who, through a special
agreement have the exclusive ,
agency. Caps are necessary, accord
ing to Rally Committee members, |
for the Northwestern game on Sat
urday, Oct. 13, as card stunts arc j
scheduled. Latest news last night
from the Rally Committee members i
was that they thought the rooters j
caps are cheaper this season, the!
price having been reduced to 7. r >
cents.
Rooters caps are now on sale at
Wideman's, who, through a special
agreement have the exclusive ,
agency. Caps are necessary, accord
ing to Rally Committee members, |
for the Northwestern game on Sat
urday, Oct. 13, as card stunts arc j
scheduled. Latest news last night
from the Rally Committee members i
was that they thought the rooters j
caps are cheaper this season, the!
price having been reduced to 7. r >
cents.
Rooters caps are now on sale at
Wideman's, who, through a special
agreement have the exclusive ,
agency. Caps are necessary, accord
ing to Rally Committee members, |
for the Northwestern game on Sat
urday, Oct. 13, as card stunts arc j
scheduled. Latest news last night
from the Rally Committee members i
was that they thought the rooters j
caps are cheaper this season, the!
price having been reduced to 7. r >
cents.
Rooters caps are now on sale at
Wideman's, who, through a special
agreement have the exclusive ,
agency. Caps are necessary, accord
ing to Rally Committee members, |
for the Northwestern game on Sat
urday, Oct. 13, as card stunts arc j
scheduled. Latest news last night
from the Rally Committee members i
was that they thought the rooters j
caps are cheaper this season, the!
price having been reduced to 7. r >
cents.
Rooters caps are now on sale at
Wideman's, who, through a special
agreement have the exclusive ,
agency. Caps are necessary, accord
ing to Rally Committee members, |
for the Northwestern game on Sat
urday, Oct. 13, as card stunts arc j
scheduled. Latest news last night
from the Rally Committee members i
was that they thought the rooters j
caps are cheaper this season, the!
price having been reduced to 7. r >
cents.
Rooters caps are now on sale at
Wideman's, who, through a special
agreement have the exclusive ,
agency. Caps are necessary, accord
ing to Rally Committee members, |
for the Northwestern game on Sat
urday, Oct. 13, as card stunts arc j
scheduled. Latest news last night
from the Rally Committee members i
was that they thought the rooters j
caps are cheaper this season, the!
price having been reduced to 7. r >
cents.
Rooters caps are now on sale at
Wideman's, who, through a special
agreement have the exclusive ,
agency. Caps are necessary, accord
ing to Rally Committee members, |
for the Northwestern game on Sat
urday, Oct. 13, as card stunts arc j
scheduled. Latest news last night
from the Rally Committee members i
was that they thought the rooters j
caps are cheaper this season, the!
price having been reduced to 7. r >
cents.
Rooters caps are now on sale at
Wideman's, who, through a special
agreement have the exclusive ,
agency. Caps are necessary, accord
ing to Rally Committee members, |
for the Northwestern game on Sat
urday, Oct. 13, as card stunts arc j
scheduled. Latest news last night
from the Rally Committee members i
was that they thought the rooters j
caps are cheaper this season, the!
price having been reduced to 7. r >
cents.
Rooters caps are now on sale at
Wideman's, who, through a special
agreement have the exclusive ,
agency. Caps are necessary, accord
ing to Rally Committee members, |
for the Northwestern game on Sat
urday, Oct. 13, as card stunts arc j
scheduled. Latest news last night
from the Rally Committee members i
was that they thought the rooters j
caps are cheaper this season, the!
price having been reduced to 7. r >
cents.
Rooters caps are now on sale at
Wideman's, who, through a special
agreement have the exclusive ,
agency. Caps are necessary, accord
ing to Rally Committee members, |
for the Northwestern game on Sat
urday, Oct. 13, as card stunts arc j
scheduled. Latest news last night
from the Rally Committee members i
was that they thought the rooters j
caps are cheaper this season, the!
price having been reduced to 7. r >
cents.
