# SOPH MANAGER TRIALS
## 
### 
Tryoutecb for sophomore manager
ships of basketball are asked to re
port at the basketball pavilion any
afternoon next week at 4 o'clock.
Tryoutecb for sophomore manager
ships of basketball are asked to re
port at the basketball pavilion any
afternoon next week at 4 o'clock.
Tryoutecb for sophomore manager
ships of basketball are asked to re
port at the basketball pavilion any
afternoon next week at 4 o'clock.
Tryoutecb for sophomore manager
ships of basketball are asked to re
port at the basketball pavilion any
afternoon next week at 4 o'clock.
Tryoutecb for sophomore manager
ships of basketball are asked to re
port at the basketball pavilion any
afternoon next week at 4 o'clock.
Tryoutecb for sophomore manager
ships of basketball are asked to re
port at the basketball pavilion any
afternoon next week at 4 o'clock.
Tryoutecb for sophomore manager
ships of basketball are asked to re
port at the basketball pavilion any
afternoon next week at 4 o'clock.
Tryoutecb for sophomore manager
ships of basketball are asked to re
port at the basketball pavilion any
afternoon next week at 4 o'clock.
Tryoutecb for sophomore manager
ships of basketball are asked to re
port at the basketball pavilion any
afternoon next week at 4 o'clock.
Tryoutecb for sophomore manager
ships of basketball are asked to re
port at the basketball pavilion any
afternoon next week at 4 o'clock.
Tryoutecb for sophomore manager
ships of basketball are asked to re
port at the basketball pavilion any
afternoon next week at 4 o'clock.
Tryoutecb for sophomore manager
ships of basketball are asked to re
port at the basketball pavilion any
afternoon next week at 4 o'clock.
Tryoutecb for sophomore manager
ships of basketball are asked to re
port at the basketball pavilion any
afternoon next week at 4 o'clock.
Tryoutecb for sophomore manager
ships of basketball are asked to re
port at the basketball pavilion any
afternoon next week at 4 o'clock.
Tryoutecb for sophomore manager
ships of basketball are asked to re
port at the basketball pavilion any
afternoon next week at 4 o'clock.
