# Sword and Sandals.
## 
### 
The Dramatic Society met this
afternoon and discussed plans for
the present semester. The propo
sition was much favored of putting
on the local stage this year some
well-known classic comedy, as was
done two years ago. The following
new members were elected into the
society: W. C. Morrow, '01, F. A.
Corbusier, '02, L. MacF. Bowman,
'01, J. G. DeForest,'ol, C. M. Fa
ris, '00. The old members are C.
B. Strohn, '00, J. F. Lanagan, '00,
Win. Erb, '01, F. H. Drake, '01,
and F. B. Riley, '01 (president).
The Dramatic Society met this
afternoon and discussed plans for
the present semester. The propo
sition was much favored of putting
on the local stage this year some
well-known classic comedy, as was
done two years ago. The following
new members were elected into the
society: W. C. Morrow, '01, F. A.
Corbusier, '02, L. MacF. Bowman,
'01, J. G. DeForest,'ol, C. M. Fa
ris, '00. The old members are C.
B. Strohn, '00, J. F. Lanagan, '00,
Win. Erb, '01, F. H. Drake, '01,
and F. B. Riley, '01 (president).
The Dramatic Society met this
afternoon and discussed plans for
the present semester. The propo
sition was much favored of putting
on the local stage this year some
well-known classic comedy, as was
done two years ago. The following
new members were elected into the
society: W. C. Morrow, '01, F. A.
Corbusier, '02, L. MacF. Bowman,
'01, J. G. DeForest,'ol, C. M. Fa
ris, '00. The old members are C.
B. Strohn, '00, J. F. Lanagan, '00,
Win. Erb, '01, F. H. Drake, '01,
and F. B. Riley, '01 (president).
The Dramatic Society met this
afternoon and discussed plans for
the present semester. The propo
sition was much favored of putting
on the local stage this year some
well-known classic comedy, as was
done two years ago. The following
new members were elected into the
society: W. C. Morrow, '01, F. A.
Corbusier, '02, L. MacF. Bowman,
'01, J. G. DeForest,'ol, C. M. Fa
ris, '00. The old members are C.
B. Strohn, '00, J. F. Lanagan, '00,
Win. Erb, '01, F. H. Drake, '01,
and F. B. Riley, '01 (president).
The Dramatic Society met this
afternoon and discussed plans for
the present semester. The propo
sition was much favored of putting
on the local stage this year some
well-known classic comedy, as was
done two years ago. The following
new members were elected into the
society: W. C. Morrow, '01, F. A.
Corbusier, '02, L. MacF. Bowman,
'01, J. G. DeForest,'ol, C. M. Fa
ris, '00. The old members are C.
B. Strohn, '00, J. F. Lanagan, '00,
Win. Erb, '01, F. H. Drake, '01,
and F. B. Riley, '01 (president).
The Dramatic Society met this
afternoon and discussed plans for
the present semester. The propo
sition was much favored of putting
on the local stage this year some
well-known classic comedy, as was
done two years ago. The following
new members were elected into the
society: W. C. Morrow, '01, F. A.
Corbusier, '02, L. MacF. Bowman,
'01, J. G. DeForest,'ol, C. M. Fa
ris, '00. The old members are C.
B. Strohn, '00, J. F. Lanagan, '00,
Win. Erb, '01, F. H. Drake, '01,
and F. B. Riley, '01 (president).
The Dramatic Society met this
afternoon and discussed plans for
the present semester. The propo
sition was much favored of putting
on the local stage this year some
well-known classic comedy, as was
done two years ago. The following
new members were elected into the
society: W. C. Morrow, '01, F. A.
Corbusier, '02, L. MacF. Bowman,
'01, J. G. DeForest,'ol, C. M. Fa
ris, '00. The old members are C.
B. Strohn, '00, J. F. Lanagan, '00,
Win. Erb, '01, F. H. Drake, '01,
and F. B. Riley, '01 (president).
