# Durand Talk To Deal With Aeronautics
## Professor Emeritus To Air Views on Flying 
### 
"The Present Day Limitations of
Airplane Performance" is the topic
of the first of the Tuesday lecture
series to be given tonight at 7:30
o'clock in the Assembly Hall by Dr.
W. F. Durand, professor emeritus of
mechanical engineering.
Dr. Durand, former scientific at
tache to the American Embassy in
Paris, and a member of the Advisory
Board of Engineers to the Boulder
Dam Project in 1929, intends to dis
cuss the more popular phases of his
subject.
How high is it possible to fly?
What speed limits can be obtained?
And how long can an airplane re
main in the air without coming
down to refuel? These are a few of
the problems which Dr. Durand in
tends to discuss.
Eliminating from his talk any con
sideration of new and revolutionary
discoveries and inventions, Dr. Du
rand intends to discuss the limita
tions of aircraft performance in the
light of the present-day body of
aeronautic theory with the present
resources of engineering and indus
try.
Dr. Durand was a member of the
Interallied Committee on Inventions
during the World War, and in 1925
served as a member of the Presi
dent's Advisory Board. At the pres
ent time he is chairman of the Na
tional Advisory Committee for Aero
nautics.
Dr. Durand is affiliated with a
number of distinguished scientific
societies, among these the American
Academy of Science and the Royal
Aeronautical Society.
He is a graduate of the United
States Naval Academy and obtained
his Ph.D. at Lafayette College. Dr.
Durand was Professor of Marine
Engineering at Cornell for a number
of years, later coming to Stanford to
become professor of mechanical en
gineering.
"The Present Day Limitations of
Airplane Performance" is the topic
of the first of the Tuesday lecture
series to be given tonight at 7:30
o'clock in the Assembly Hall by Dr.
W. F. Durand, professor emeritus of
mechanical engineering.
Dr. Durand, former scientific at
tache to the American Embassy in
Paris, and a member of the Advisory
Board of Engineers to the Boulder
Dam Project in 1929, intends to dis
cuss the more popular phases of his
subject.
How high is it possible to fly?
What speed limits can be obtained?
And how long can an airplane re
main in the air without coming
down to refuel? These are a few of
the problems which Dr. Durand in
tends to discuss.
Eliminating from his talk any con
sideration of new and revolutionary
discoveries and inventions, Dr. Du
rand intends to discuss the limita
tions of aircraft performance in the
light of the present-day body of
aeronautic theory with the present
resources of engineering and indus
try.
Dr. Durand was a member of the
Interallied Committee on Inventions
during the World War, and in 1925
served as a member of the Presi
dent's Advisory Board. At the pres
ent time he is chairman of the Na
tional Advisory Committee for Aero
nautics.
Dr. Durand is affiliated with a
number of distinguished scientific
societies, among these the American
Academy of Science and the Royal
Aeronautical Society.
He is a graduate of the United
States Naval Academy and obtained
his Ph.D. at Lafayette College. Dr.
Durand was Professor of Marine
Engineering at Cornell for a number
of years, later coming to Stanford to
become professor of mechanical en
gineering.
"The Present Day Limitations of
Airplane Performance" is the topic
of the first of the Tuesday lecture
series to be given tonight at 7:30
o'clock in the Assembly Hall by Dr.
W. F. Durand, professor emeritus of
mechanical engineering.
Dr. Durand, former scientific at
tache to the American Embassy in
Paris, and a member of the Advisory
Board of Engineers to the Boulder
Dam Project in 1929, intends to dis
cuss the more popular phases of his
subject.
How high is it possible to fly?
What speed limits can be obtained?
And how long can an airplane re
main in the air without coming
down to refuel? These are a few of
the problems which Dr. Durand in
tends to discuss.
Eliminating from his talk any con
sideration of new and revolutionary
discoveries and inventions, Dr. Du
rand intends to discuss the limita
tions of aircraft performance in the
light of the present-day body of
aeronautic theory with the present
resources of engineering and indus
try.
Dr. Durand was a member of the
Interallied Committee on Inventions
during the World War, and in 1925
served as a member of the Presi
dent's Advisory Board. At the pres
ent time he is chairman of the Na
tional Advisory Committee for Aero
nautics.
Dr. Durand is affiliated with a
number of distinguished scientific
societies, among these the American
Academy of Science and the Royal
Aeronautical Society.
He is a graduate of the United
States Naval Academy and obtained
his Ph.D. at Lafayette College. Dr.
Durand was Professor of Marine
Engineering at Cornell for a number
of years, later coming to Stanford to
become professor of mechanical en
gineering.
"The Present Day Limitations of
Airplane Performance" is the topic
of the first of the Tuesday lecture
series to be given tonight at 7:30
o'clock in the Assembly Hall by Dr.
W. F. Durand, professor emeritus of
mechanical engineering.
Dr. Durand, former scientific at
tache to the American Embassy in
Paris, and a member of the Advisory
Board of Engineers to the Boulder
Dam Project in 1929, intends to dis
cuss the more popular phases of his
subject.
How high is it possible to fly?
What speed limits can be obtained?
And how long can an airplane re
main in the air without coming
down to refuel? These are a few of
the problems which Dr. Durand in
tends to discuss.
Eliminating from his talk any con
sideration of new and revolutionary
discoveries and inventions, Dr. Du
rand intends to discuss the limita
tions of aircraft performance in the
light of the present-day body of
aeronautic theory with the present
resources of engineering and indus
try.
Dr. Durand was a member of the
Interallied Committee on Inventions
during the World War, and in 1925
served as a member of the Presi
dent's Advisory Board. At the pres
ent time he is chairman of the Na
tional Advisory Committee for Aero
nautics.
Dr. Durand is affiliated with a
number of distinguished scientific
societies, among these the American
Academy of Science and the Royal
Aeronautical Society.
He is a graduate of the United
States Naval Academy and obtained
his Ph.D. at Lafayette College. Dr.
Durand was Professor of Marine
Engineering at Cornell for a number
of years, later coming to Stanford to
become professor of mechanical en
gineering.
"The Present Day Limitations of
Airplane Performance" is the topic
of the first of the Tuesday lecture
series to be given tonight at 7:30
o'clock in the Assembly Hall by Dr.
W. F. Durand, professor emeritus of
mechanical engineering.
Dr. Durand, former scientific at
tache to the American Embassy in
Paris, and a member of the Advisory
Board of Engineers to the Boulder
Dam Project in 1929, intends to dis
cuss the more popular phases of his
subject.
How high is it possible to fly?
What speed limits can be obtained?
And how long can an airplane re
main in the air without coming
down to refuel? These are a few of
the problems which Dr. Durand in
tends to discuss.
Eliminating from his talk any con
sideration of new and revolutionary
discoveries and inventions, Dr. Du
rand intends to discuss the limita
tions of aircraft performance in the
light of the present-day body of
aeronautic theory with the present
resources of engineering and indus
try.
Dr. Durand was a member of the
Interallied Committee on Inventions
during the World War, and in 1925
served as a member of the Presi
dent's Advisory Board. At the pres
ent time he is chairman of the Na
tional Advisory Committee for Aero
nautics.
Dr. Durand is affiliated with a
number of distinguished scientific
societies, among these the American
Academy of Science and the Royal
Aeronautical Society.
He is a graduate of the United
States Naval Academy and obtained
his Ph.D. at Lafayette College. Dr.
Durand was Professor of Marine
Engineering at Cornell for a number
of years, later coming to Stanford to
become professor of mechanical en
gineering.
"The Present Day Limitations of
Airplane Performance" is the topic
of the first of the Tuesday lecture
series to be given tonight at 7:30
o'clock in the Assembly Hall by Dr.
W. F. Durand, professor emeritus of
mechanical engineering.
Dr. Durand, former scientific at
tache to the American Embassy in
Paris, and a member of the Advisory
Board of Engineers to the Boulder
Dam Project in 1929, intends to dis
cuss the more popular phases of his
subject.
How high is it possible to fly?
What speed limits can be obtained?
And how long can an airplane re
main in the air without coming
down to refuel? These are a few of
the problems which Dr. Durand in
tends to discuss.
Eliminating from his talk any con
sideration of new and revolutionary
discoveries and inventions, Dr. Du
rand intends to discuss the limita
tions of aircraft performance in the
light of the present-day body of
aeronautic theory with the present
resources of engineering and indus
try.
Dr. Durand was a member of the
Interallied Committee on Inventions
during the World War, and in 1925
served as a member of the Presi
dent's Advisory Board. At the pres
ent time he is chairman of the Na
tional Advisory Committee for Aero
nautics.
Dr. Durand is affiliated with a
number of distinguished scientific
societies, among these the American
Academy of Science and the Royal
Aeronautical Society.
He is a graduate of the United
States Naval Academy and obtained
his Ph.D. at Lafayette College. Dr.
Durand was Professor of Marine
Engineering at Cornell for a number
of years, later coming to Stanford to
become professor of mechanical en
gineering.
"The Present Day Limitations of
Airplane Performance" is the topic
of the first of the Tuesday lecture
series to be given tonight at 7:30
o'clock in the Assembly Hall by Dr.
W. F. Durand, professor emeritus of
mechanical engineering.
Dr. Durand, former scientific at
tache to the American Embassy in
Paris, and a member of the Advisory
Board of Engineers to the Boulder
Dam Project in 1929, intends to dis
cuss the more popular phases of his
subject.
How high is it possible to fly?
What speed limits can be obtained?
And how long can an airplane re
main in the air without coming
down to refuel? These are a few of
the problems which Dr. Durand in
tends to discuss.
Eliminating from his talk any con
sideration of new and revolutionary
discoveries and inventions, Dr. Du
rand intends to discuss the limita
tions of aircraft performance in the
light of the present-day body of
aeronautic theory with the present
resources of engineering and indus
try.
Dr. Durand was a member of the
Interallied Committee on Inventions
during the World War, and in 1925
served as a member of the Presi
dent's Advisory Board. At the pres
ent time he is chairman of the Na
tional Advisory Committee for Aero
nautics.
Dr. Durand is affiliated with a
number of distinguished scientific
societies, among these the American
Academy of Science and the Royal
Aeronautical Society.
He is a graduate of the United
States Naval Academy and obtained
his Ph.D. at Lafayette College. Dr.
Durand was Professor of Marine
Engineering at Cornell for a number
of years, later coming to Stanford to
become professor of mechanical en
gineering.
"The Present Day Limitations of
Airplane Performance" is the topic
of the first of the Tuesday lecture
series to be given tonight at 7:30
o'clock in the Assembly Hall by Dr.
W. F. Durand, professor emeritus of
mechanical engineering.
Dr. Durand, former scientific at
tache to the American Embassy in
Paris, and a member of the Advisory
Board of Engineers to the Boulder
Dam Project in 1929, intends to dis
cuss the more popular phases of his
subject.
How high is it possible to fly?
What speed limits can be obtained?
And how long can an airplane re
main in the air without coming
down to refuel? These are a few of
the problems which Dr. Durand in
tends to discuss.
Eliminating from his talk any con
sideration of new and revolutionary
discoveries and inventions, Dr. Du
rand intends to discuss the limita
tions of aircraft performance in the
light of the present-day body of
aeronautic theory with the present
resources of engineering and indus
try.
Dr. Durand was a member of the
Interallied Committee on Inventions
during the World War, and in 1925
served as a member of the Presi
dent's Advisory Board. At the pres
ent time he is chairman of the Na
tional Advisory Committee for Aero
nautics.
Dr. Durand is affiliated with a
number of distinguished scientific
societies, among these the American
Academy of Science and the Royal
Aeronautical Society.
He is a graduate of the United
States Naval Academy and obtained
his Ph.D. at Lafayette College. Dr.
Durand was Professor of Marine
Engineering at Cornell for a number
of years, later coming to Stanford to
become professor of mechanical en
gineering.
"The Present Day Limitations of
Airplane Performance" is the topic
of the first of the Tuesday lecture
series to be given tonight at 7:30
o'clock in the Assembly Hall by Dr.
W. F. Durand, professor emeritus of
mechanical engineering.
Dr. Durand, former scientific at
tache to the American Embassy in
Paris, and a member of the Advisory
Board of Engineers to the Boulder
Dam Project in 1929, intends to dis
cuss the more popular phases of his
subject.
How high is it possible to fly?
What speed limits can be obtained?
And how long can an airplane re
main in the air without coming
down to refuel? These are a few of
the problems which Dr. Durand in
tends to discuss.
Eliminating from his talk any con
sideration of new and revolutionary
discoveries and inventions, Dr. Du
rand intends to discuss the limita
tions of aircraft performance in the
light of the present-day body of
aeronautic theory with the present
resources of engineering and indus
try.
Dr. Durand was a member of the
Interallied Committee on Inventions
during the World War, and in 1925
served as a member of the Presi
dent's Advisory Board. At the pres
ent time he is chairman of the Na
tional Advisory Committee for Aero
nautics.
Dr. Durand is affiliated with a
number of distinguished scientific
societies, among these the American
Academy of Science and the Royal
Aeronautical Society.
He is a graduate of the United
States Naval Academy and obtained
his Ph.D. at Lafayette College. Dr.
Durand was Professor of Marine
Engineering at Cornell for a number
of years, later coming to Stanford to
become professor of mechanical en
gineering.
"The Present Day Limitations of
Airplane Performance" is the topic
of the first of the Tuesday lecture
series to be given tonight at 7:30
o'clock in the Assembly Hall by Dr.
W. F. Durand, professor emeritus of
mechanical engineering.
Dr. Durand, former scientific at
tache to the American Embassy in
Paris, and a member of the Advisory
Board of Engineers to the Boulder
Dam Project in 1929, intends to dis
cuss the more popular phases of his
subject.
How high is it possible to fly?
What speed limits can be obtained?
And how long can an airplane re
main in the air without coming
down to refuel? These are a few of
the problems which Dr. Durand in
tends to discuss.
Eliminating from his talk any con
sideration of new and revolutionary
discoveries and inventions, Dr. Du
rand intends to discuss the limita
tions of aircraft performance in the
light of the present-day body of
aeronautic theory with the present
resources of engineering and indus
try.
Dr. Durand was a member of the
Interallied Committee on Inventions
during the World War, and in 1925
served as a member of the Presi
dent's Advisory Board. At the pres
ent time he is chairman of the Na
tional Advisory Committee for Aero
nautics.
Dr. Durand is affiliated with a
number of distinguished scientific
societies, among these the American
Academy of Science and the Royal
Aeronautical Society.
He is a graduate of the United
States Naval Academy and obtained
his Ph.D. at Lafayette College. Dr.
Durand was Professor of Marine
Engineering at Cornell for a number
of years, later coming to Stanford to
become professor of mechanical en
gineering.
"The Present Day Limitations of
Airplane Performance" is the topic
of the first of the Tuesday lecture
series to be given tonight at 7:30
o'clock in the Assembly Hall by Dr.
W. F. Durand, professor emeritus of
mechanical engineering.
Dr. Durand, former scientific at
tache to the American Embassy in
Paris, and a member of the Advisory
Board of Engineers to the Boulder
Dam Project in 1929, intends to dis
cuss the more popular phases of his
subject.
How high is it possible to fly?
What speed limits can be obtained?
And how long can an airplane re
main in the air without coming
down to refuel? These are a few of
the problems which Dr. Durand in
tends to discuss.
Eliminating from his talk any con
sideration of new and revolutionary
discoveries and inventions, Dr. Du
rand intends to discuss the limita
tions of aircraft performance in the
light of the present-day body of
aeronautic theory with the present
resources of engineering and indus
try.
Dr. Durand was a member of the
Interallied Committee on Inventions
during the World War, and in 1925
served as a member of the Presi
dent's Advisory Board. At the pres
ent time he is chairman of the Na
tional Advisory Committee for Aero
nautics.
Dr. Durand is affiliated with a
number of distinguished scientific
societies, among these the American
Academy of Science and the Royal
Aeronautical Society.
He is a graduate of the United
States Naval Academy and obtained
his Ph.D. at Lafayette College. Dr.
Durand was Professor of Marine
Engineering at Cornell for a number
of years, later coming to Stanford to
become professor of mechanical en
gineering.
"The Present Day Limitations of
Airplane Performance" is the topic
of the first of the Tuesday lecture
series to be given tonight at 7:30
o'clock in the Assembly Hall by Dr.
W. F. Durand, professor emeritus of
mechanical engineering.
Dr. Durand, former scientific at
tache to the American Embassy in
Paris, and a member of the Advisory
Board of Engineers to the Boulder
Dam Project in 1929, intends to dis
cuss the more popular phases of his
subject.
How high is it possible to fly?
What speed limits can be obtained?
And how long can an airplane re
main in the air without coming
down to refuel? These are a few of
the problems which Dr. Durand in
tends to discuss.
Eliminating from his talk any con
sideration of new and revolutionary
discoveries and inventions, Dr. Du
rand intends to discuss the limita
tions of aircraft performance in the
light of the present-day body of
aeronautic theory with the present
resources of engineering and indus
try.
Dr. Durand was a member of the
Interallied Committee on Inventions
during the World War, and in 1925
served as a member of the Presi
dent's Advisory Board. At the pres
ent time he is chairman of the Na
tional Advisory Committee for Aero
nautics.
Dr. Durand is affiliated with a
number of distinguished scientific
societies, among these the American
Academy of Science and the Royal
Aeronautical Society.
He is a graduate of the United
States Naval Academy and obtained
his Ph.D. at Lafayette College. Dr.
Durand was Professor of Marine
Engineering at Cornell for a number
of years, later coming to Stanford to
become professor of mechanical en
gineering.
"The Present Day Limitations of
Airplane Performance" is the topic
of the first of the Tuesday lecture
series to be given tonight at 7:30
o'clock in the Assembly Hall by Dr.
W. F. Durand, professor emeritus of
mechanical engineering.
Dr. Durand, former scientific at
tache to the American Embassy in
Paris, and a member of the Advisory
Board of Engineers to the Boulder
Dam Project in 1929, intends to dis
cuss the more popular phases of his
subject.
How high is it possible to fly?
What speed limits can be obtained?
And how long can an airplane re
main in the air without coming
down to refuel? These are a few of
the problems which Dr. Durand in
tends to discuss.
Eliminating from his talk any con
sideration of new and revolutionary
discoveries and inventions, Dr. Du
rand intends to discuss the limita
tions of aircraft performance in the
light of the present-day body of
aeronautic theory with the present
resources of engineering and indus
try.
Dr. Durand was a member of the
Interallied Committee on Inventions
during the World War, and in 1925
served as a member of the Presi
dent's Advisory Board. At the pres
ent time he is chairman of the Na
tional Advisory Committee for Aero
nautics.
Dr. Durand is affiliated with a
number of distinguished scientific
societies, among these the American
Academy of Science and the Royal
Aeronautical Society.
He is a graduate of the United
States Naval Academy and obtained
his Ph.D. at Lafayette College. Dr.
Durand was Professor of Marine
Engineering at Cornell for a number
of years, later coming to Stanford to
become professor of mechanical en
gineering.
"The Present Day Limitations of
Airplane Performance" is the topic
of the first of the Tuesday lecture
series to be given tonight at 7:30
o'clock in the Assembly Hall by Dr.
W. F. Durand, professor emeritus of
mechanical engineering.
Dr. Durand, former scientific at
tache to the American Embassy in
Paris, and a member of the Advisory
Board of Engineers to the Boulder
Dam Project in 1929, intends to dis
cuss the more popular phases of his
subject.
How high is it possible to fly?
What speed limits can be obtained?
And how long can an airplane re
main in the air without coming
down to refuel? These are a few of
the problems which Dr. Durand in
tends to discuss.
Eliminating from his talk any con
sideration of new and revolutionary
discoveries and inventions, Dr. Du
rand intends to discuss the limita
tions of aircraft performance in the
light of the present-day body of
aeronautic theory with the present
resources of engineering and indus
try.
Dr. Durand was a member of the
Interallied Committee on Inventions
during the World War, and in 1925
served as a member of the Presi
dent's Advisory Board. At the pres
ent time he is chairman of the Na
tional Advisory Committee for Aero
nautics.
Dr. Durand is affiliated with a
number of distinguished scientific
societies, among these the American
Academy of Science and the Royal
Aeronautical Society.
He is a graduate of the United
States Naval Academy and obtained
his Ph.D. at Lafayette College. Dr.
Durand was Professor of Marine
Engineering at Cornell for a number
of years, later coming to Stanford to
become professor of mechanical en
gineering.
"The Present Day Limitations of
Airplane Performance" is the topic
of the first of the Tuesday lecture
series to be given tonight at 7:30
o'clock in the Assembly Hall by Dr.
W. F. Durand, professor emeritus of
mechanical engineering.
Dr. Durand, former scientific at
tache to the American Embassy in
Paris, and a member of the Advisory
Board of Engineers to the Boulder
Dam Project in 1929, intends to dis
cuss the more popular phases of his
subject.
How high is it possible to fly?
What speed limits can be obtained?
And how long can an airplane re
main in the air without coming
down to refuel? These are a few of
the problems which Dr. Durand in
tends to discuss.
Eliminating from his talk any con
sideration of new and revolutionary
discoveries and inventions, Dr. Du
rand intends to discuss the limita
tions of aircraft performance in the
light of the present-day body of
aeronautic theory with the present
resources of engineering and indus
try.
Dr. Durand was a member of the
Interallied Committee on Inventions
during the World War, and in 1925
served as a member of the Presi
dent's Advisory Board. At the pres
ent time he is chairman of the Na
tional Advisory Committee for Aero
nautics.
Dr. Durand is affiliated with a
number of distinguished scientific
societies, among these the American
Academy of Science and the Royal
Aeronautical Society.
He is a graduate of the United
States Naval Academy and obtained
his Ph.D. at Lafayette College. Dr.
Durand was Professor of Marine
Engineering at Cornell for a number
of years, later coming to Stanford to
become professor of mechanical en
gineering.
