# Autumn Festival benefit Proves Great Success
## 
### 
With the proceeds of over $225 go
ing to the Children's Museum in
Palo Alto, the benefit Autumn Fes
tival and tea, held Saturday in the
home of Mrs. David Starr Jordan,
was declared a success. Mrs. Bertha
M. Rise, assisted by Miss Claire
Mitchell, was in charge of the very
colorful affair.
Edward Farmer, head of the
Graphic Arts department at Stan
ford, offered a fine exhibition of
landscape gardening, which was the
center of interest during the after
noon. An exhibition of wild berries
by Mrs. Gordon Ferris also at
tracted spectators.
Among the guests present were
Mrs. Herbert Hoover, Dr. Henry
Rhinehardt, president of Mills Col
lege, and Dr. and Mrs. Robert E.
Swain.
