# Schedule.
## 
### 
Wednesday.
Executive Committee meets in room
11 quad, 7 p.m.
Thursday.
| Choral Society meets in chapel
7:30 p.m.
Friday.
Preliminaries for Carnot Debate in
chapel, 7:30 p.m.
Sunday.
j Sermon by Prof. W. S. Cross of
the University of the Pacific,
chapel, 11 a.m.
Wednesday.
Executive Committee meets in room
11 quad, 7 p.m.
Thursday.
| Choral Society meets in chapel
7:30 p.m.
Friday.
Preliminaries for Carnot Debate in
chapel, 7:30 p.m.
Sunday.
j Sermon by Prof. W. S. Cross of
the University of the Pacific,
chapel, 11 a.m.
Wednesday.
Executive Committee meets in room
11 quad, 7 p.m.
Thursday.
| Choral Society meets in chapel
7:30 p.m.
Friday.
Preliminaries for Carnot Debate in
chapel, 7:30 p.m.
Sunday.
j Sermon by Prof. W. S. Cross of
the University of the Pacific,
chapel, 11 a.m.
Wednesday.
Executive Committee meets in room
11 quad, 7 p.m.
Thursday.
| Choral Society meets in chapel
7:30 p.m.
Friday.
Preliminaries for Carnot Debate in
chapel, 7:30 p.m.
Sunday.
j Sermon by Prof. W. S. Cross of
the University of the Pacific,
chapel, 11 a.m.
Wednesday.
Executive Committee meets in room
11 quad, 7 p.m.
Thursday.
| Choral Society meets in chapel
7:30 p.m.
Friday.
Preliminaries for Carnot Debate in
chapel, 7:30 p.m.
Sunday.
j Sermon by Prof. W. S. Cross of
the University of the Pacific,
chapel, 11 a.m.
