# Summer Education Lecturers
## 
### 

Schools should take account of rapid technological change and pre
pare youth for the "present and future" instead of the past in the
opinion of Dr. William Oghurn (left), Chicago University sociologist,
and Dr. William Kilpatrick, of Columbia University. Oghurn and Kil
patrick will speak at Stanford's conference on "Social Education,"
expected to attract 1500 educators.

Schools should take account of rapid technological change and pre
pare youth for the "present and future" instead of the past in the
opinion of Dr. William Oghurn (left), Chicago University sociologist,
and Dr. William Kilpatrick, of Columbia University. Oghurn and Kil
patrick will speak at Stanford's conference on "Social Education,"
expected to attract 1500 educators.

Schools should take account of rapid technological change and pre
pare youth for the "present and future" instead of the past in the
opinion of Dr. William Oghurn (left), Chicago University sociologist,
and Dr. William Kilpatrick, of Columbia University. Oghurn and Kil
patrick will speak at Stanford's conference on "Social Education,"
expected to attract 1500 educators.

Schools should take account of rapid technological change and pre
pare youth for the "present and future" instead of the past in the
opinion of Dr. William Oghurn (left), Chicago University sociologist,
and Dr. William Kilpatrick, of Columbia University. Oghurn and Kil
patrick will speak at Stanford's conference on "Social Education,"
expected to attract 1500 educators.

Schools should take account of rapid technological change and pre
pare youth for the "present and future" instead of the past in the
opinion of Dr. William Oghurn (left), Chicago University sociologist,
and Dr. William Kilpatrick, of Columbia University. Oghurn and Kil
patrick will speak at Stanford's conference on "Social Education,"
expected to attract 1500 educators.

Schools should take account of rapid technological change and pre
pare youth for the "present and future" instead of the past in the
opinion of Dr. William Oghurn (left), Chicago University sociologist,
and Dr. William Kilpatrick, of Columbia University. Oghurn and Kil
patrick will speak at Stanford's conference on "Social Education,"
expected to attract 1500 educators.

Schools should take account of rapid technological change and pre
pare youth for the "present and future" instead of the past in the
opinion of Dr. William Oghurn (left), Chicago University sociologist,
and Dr. William Kilpatrick, of Columbia University. Oghurn and Kil
patrick will speak at Stanford's conference on "Social Education,"
expected to attract 1500 educators.

Schools should take account of rapid technological change and pre
pare youth for the "present and future" instead of the past in the
opinion of Dr. William Oghurn (left), Chicago University sociologist,
and Dr. William Kilpatrick, of Columbia University. Oghurn and Kil
patrick will speak at Stanford's conference on "Social Education,"
expected to attract 1500 educators.

Schools should take account of rapid technological change and pre
pare youth for the "present and future" instead of the past in the
opinion of Dr. William Oghurn (left), Chicago University sociologist,
and Dr. William Kilpatrick, of Columbia University. Oghurn and Kil
patrick will speak at Stanford's conference on "Social Education,"
expected to attract 1500 educators.

Schools should take account of rapid technological change and pre
pare youth for the "present and future" instead of the past in the
opinion of Dr. William Oghurn (left), Chicago University sociologist,
and Dr. William Kilpatrick, of Columbia University. Oghurn and Kil
patrick will speak at Stanford's conference on "Social Education,"
expected to attract 1500 educators.

Schools should take account of rapid technological change and pre
pare youth for the "present and future" instead of the past in the
opinion of Dr. William Oghurn (left), Chicago University sociologist,
and Dr. William Kilpatrick, of Columbia University. Oghurn and Kil
patrick will speak at Stanford's conference on "Social Education,"
expected to attract 1500 educators.

Schools should take account of rapid technological change and pre
pare youth for the "present and future" instead of the past in the
opinion of Dr. William Oghurn (left), Chicago University sociologist,
and Dr. William Kilpatrick, of Columbia University. Oghurn and Kil
patrick will speak at Stanford's conference on "Social Education,"
expected to attract 1500 educators.

Schools should take account of rapid technological change and pre
pare youth for the "present and future" instead of the past in the
opinion of Dr. William Oghurn (left), Chicago University sociologist,
and Dr. William Kilpatrick, of Columbia University. Oghurn and Kil
patrick will speak at Stanford's conference on "Social Education,"
expected to attract 1500 educators.

Schools should take account of rapid technological change and pre
pare youth for the "present and future" instead of the past in the
opinion of Dr. William Oghurn (left), Chicago University sociologist,
and Dr. William Kilpatrick, of Columbia University. Oghurn and Kil
patrick will speak at Stanford's conference on "Social Education,"
expected to attract 1500 educators.

Schools should take account of rapid technological change and pre
pare youth for the "present and future" instead of the past in the
opinion of Dr. William Oghurn (left), Chicago University sociologist,
and Dr. William Kilpatrick, of Columbia University. Oghurn and Kil
patrick will speak at Stanford's conference on "Social Education,"
expected to attract 1500 educators.
