# Sequoia Offers Many Features in Initial Number
## 
### 
Stanford Sequoia appeared on the
campus today for the first time this
semester. From the preliminary
glances at the publication, issue num
ber one appears to be live and inter
esting. Editor M. L. McClintock, '18,
has collected a good assortment of
stories, poems and t sketches and has
himself contributed one of the fea
ture articles, in the form of a per
sonal survey of Camp Fremont; pho
tographic illustrations enliven the ar
ticle.
A story by Lansing Warren, '17,
himself absent at the front; an ar
ticle by It. A. Donaldson, '17, poems
by Ceroid Robinson, '17, and Dare
Stark, '17, an article on The Outlook
for l'eace by Chancellor Emeritus
David Starr Jordan, and on "Revolu
tionary Russia and Her Literature,"
by Henry Lanz of the University of
Moscow, comprise the main features
of the issue.
Stanford Sequoia appeared on the
campus today for the first time this
semester. From the preliminary
glances at the publication, issue num
ber one appears to be live and inter
esting. Editor M. L. McClintock, '18,
has collected a good assortment of
stories, poems and t sketches and has
himself contributed one of the fea
ture articles, in the form of a per
sonal survey of Camp Fremont; pho
tographic illustrations enliven the ar
ticle.
A story by Lansing Warren, '17,
himself absent at the front; an ar
ticle by It. A. Donaldson, '17, poems
by Ceroid Robinson, '17, and Dare
Stark, '17, an article on The Outlook
for l'eace by Chancellor Emeritus
David Starr Jordan, and on "Revolu
tionary Russia and Her Literature,"
by Henry Lanz of the University of
Moscow, comprise the main features
of the issue.
Stanford Sequoia appeared on the
campus today for the first time this
semester. From the preliminary
glances at the publication, issue num
ber one appears to be live and inter
esting. Editor M. L. McClintock, '18,
has collected a good assortment of
stories, poems and t sketches and has
himself contributed one of the fea
ture articles, in the form of a per
sonal survey of Camp Fremont; pho
tographic illustrations enliven the ar
ticle.
A story by Lansing Warren, '17,
himself absent at the front; an ar
ticle by It. A. Donaldson, '17, poems
by Ceroid Robinson, '17, and Dare
Stark, '17, an article on The Outlook
for l'eace by Chancellor Emeritus
David Starr Jordan, and on "Revolu
tionary Russia and Her Literature,"
by Henry Lanz of the University of
Moscow, comprise the main features
of the issue.
Stanford Sequoia appeared on the
campus today for the first time this
semester. From the preliminary
glances at the publication, issue num
ber one appears to be live and inter
esting. Editor M. L. McClintock, '18,
has collected a good assortment of
stories, poems and t sketches and has
himself contributed one of the fea
ture articles, in the form of a per
sonal survey of Camp Fremont; pho
tographic illustrations enliven the ar
ticle.
A story by Lansing Warren, '17,
himself absent at the front; an ar
ticle by It. A. Donaldson, '17, poems
by Ceroid Robinson, '17, and Dare
Stark, '17, an article on The Outlook
for l'eace by Chancellor Emeritus
David Starr Jordan, and on "Revolu
tionary Russia and Her Literature,"
by Henry Lanz of the University of
Moscow, comprise the main features
of the issue.
Stanford Sequoia appeared on the
campus today for the first time this
semester. From the preliminary
glances at the publication, issue num
ber one appears to be live and inter
esting. Editor M. L. McClintock, '18,
has collected a good assortment of
stories, poems and t sketches and has
himself contributed one of the fea
ture articles, in the form of a per
sonal survey of Camp Fremont; pho
tographic illustrations enliven the ar
ticle.
A story by Lansing Warren, '17,
himself absent at the front; an ar
ticle by It. A. Donaldson, '17, poems
by Ceroid Robinson, '17, and Dare
Stark, '17, an article on The Outlook
for l'eace by Chancellor Emeritus
David Starr Jordan, and on "Revolu
tionary Russia and Her Literature,"
by Henry Lanz of the University of
Moscow, comprise the main features
of the issue.
Stanford Sequoia appeared on the
campus today for the first time this
semester. From the preliminary
glances at the publication, issue num
ber one appears to be live and inter
esting. Editor M. L. McClintock, '18,
has collected a good assortment of
stories, poems and t sketches and has
himself contributed one of the fea
ture articles, in the form of a per
sonal survey of Camp Fremont; pho
tographic illustrations enliven the ar
ticle.
A story by Lansing Warren, '17,
himself absent at the front; an ar
ticle by It. A. Donaldson, '17, poems
by Ceroid Robinson, '17, and Dare
Stark, '17, an article on The Outlook
for l'eace by Chancellor Emeritus
David Starr Jordan, and on "Revolu
tionary Russia and Her Literature,"
by Henry Lanz of the University of
Moscow, comprise the main features
of the issue.
Stanford Sequoia appeared on the
campus today for the first time this
semester. From the preliminary
glances at the publication, issue num
ber one appears to be live and inter
esting. Editor M. L. McClintock, '18,
has collected a good assortment of
stories, poems and t sketches and has
himself contributed one of the fea
ture articles, in the form of a per
sonal survey of Camp Fremont; pho
tographic illustrations enliven the ar
ticle.
A story by Lansing Warren, '17,
himself absent at the front; an ar
ticle by It. A. Donaldson, '17, poems
by Ceroid Robinson, '17, and Dare
Stark, '17, an article on The Outlook
for l'eace by Chancellor Emeritus
David Starr Jordan, and on "Revolu
tionary Russia and Her Literature,"
by Henry Lanz of the University of
Moscow, comprise the main features
of the issue.
Stanford Sequoia appeared on the
campus today for the first time this
semester. From the preliminary
glances at the publication, issue num
ber one appears to be live and inter
esting. Editor M. L. McClintock, '18,
has collected a good assortment of
stories, poems and t sketches and has
himself contributed one of the fea
ture articles, in the form of a per
sonal survey of Camp Fremont; pho
tographic illustrations enliven the ar
ticle.
A story by Lansing Warren, '17,
himself absent at the front; an ar
ticle by It. A. Donaldson, '17, poems
by Ceroid Robinson, '17, and Dare
Stark, '17, an article on The Outlook
for l'eace by Chancellor Emeritus
David Starr Jordan, and on "Revolu
tionary Russia and Her Literature,"
by Henry Lanz of the University of
Moscow, comprise the main features
of the issue.
Stanford Sequoia appeared on the
campus today for the first time this
semester. From the preliminary
glances at the publication, issue num
ber one appears to be live and inter
esting. Editor M. L. McClintock, '18,
has collected a good assortment of
stories, poems and t sketches and has
himself contributed one of the fea
ture articles, in the form of a per
sonal survey of Camp Fremont; pho
tographic illustrations enliven the ar
ticle.
A story by Lansing Warren, '17,
himself absent at the front; an ar
ticle by It. A. Donaldson, '17, poems
by Ceroid Robinson, '17, and Dare
Stark, '17, an article on The Outlook
for l'eace by Chancellor Emeritus
David Starr Jordan, and on "Revolu
tionary Russia and Her Literature,"
by Henry Lanz of the University of
Moscow, comprise the main features
of the issue.
Stanford Sequoia appeared on the
campus today for the first time this
semester. From the preliminary
glances at the publication, issue num
ber one appears to be live and inter
esting. Editor M. L. McClintock, '18,
has collected a good assortment of
stories, poems and t sketches and has
himself contributed one of the fea
ture articles, in the form of a per
sonal survey of Camp Fremont; pho
tographic illustrations enliven the ar
ticle.
A story by Lansing Warren, '17,
himself absent at the front; an ar
ticle by It. A. Donaldson, '17, poems
by Ceroid Robinson, '17, and Dare
Stark, '17, an article on The Outlook
for l'eace by Chancellor Emeritus
David Starr Jordan, and on "Revolu
tionary Russia and Her Literature,"
by Henry Lanz of the University of
Moscow, comprise the main features
of the issue.
Stanford Sequoia appeared on the
campus today for the first time this
semester. From the preliminary
glances at the publication, issue num
ber one appears to be live and inter
esting. Editor M. L. McClintock, '18,
has collected a good assortment of
stories, poems and t sketches and has
himself contributed one of the fea
ture articles, in the form of a per
sonal survey of Camp Fremont; pho
tographic illustrations enliven the ar
ticle.
A story by Lansing Warren, '17,
himself absent at the front; an ar
ticle by It. A. Donaldson, '17, poems
by Ceroid Robinson, '17, and Dare
Stark, '17, an article on The Outlook
for l'eace by Chancellor Emeritus
David Starr Jordan, and on "Revolu
tionary Russia and Her Literature,"
by Henry Lanz of the University of
Moscow, comprise the main features
of the issue.
Stanford Sequoia appeared on the
campus today for the first time this
semester. From the preliminary
glances at the publication, issue num
ber one appears to be live and inter
esting. Editor M. L. McClintock, '18,
has collected a good assortment of
stories, poems and t sketches and has
himself contributed one of the fea
ture articles, in the form of a per
sonal survey of Camp Fremont; pho
tographic illustrations enliven the ar
ticle.
A story by Lansing Warren, '17,
himself absent at the front; an ar
ticle by It. A. Donaldson, '17, poems
by Ceroid Robinson, '17, and Dare
Stark, '17, an article on The Outlook
for l'eace by Chancellor Emeritus
David Starr Jordan, and on "Revolu
tionary Russia and Her Literature,"
by Henry Lanz of the University of
Moscow, comprise the main features
of the issue.
Stanford Sequoia appeared on the
campus today for the first time this
semester. From the preliminary
glances at the publication, issue num
ber one appears to be live and inter
esting. Editor M. L. McClintock, '18,
has collected a good assortment of
stories, poems and t sketches and has
himself contributed one of the fea
ture articles, in the form of a per
sonal survey of Camp Fremont; pho
tographic illustrations enliven the ar
ticle.
A story by Lansing Warren, '17,
himself absent at the front; an ar
ticle by It. A. Donaldson, '17, poems
by Ceroid Robinson, '17, and Dare
Stark, '17, an article on The Outlook
for l'eace by Chancellor Emeritus
David Starr Jordan, and on "Revolu
tionary Russia and Her Literature,"
by Henry Lanz of the University of
Moscow, comprise the main features
of the issue.
Stanford Sequoia appeared on the
campus today for the first time this
semester. From the preliminary
glances at the publication, issue num
ber one appears to be live and inter
esting. Editor M. L. McClintock, '18,
has collected a good assortment of
stories, poems and t sketches and has
himself contributed one of the fea
ture articles, in the form of a per
sonal survey of Camp Fremont; pho
tographic illustrations enliven the ar
ticle.
A story by Lansing Warren, '17,
himself absent at the front; an ar
ticle by It. A. Donaldson, '17, poems
by Ceroid Robinson, '17, and Dare
Stark, '17, an article on The Outlook
for l'eace by Chancellor Emeritus
David Starr Jordan, and on "Revolu
tionary Russia and Her Literature,"
by Henry Lanz of the University of
Moscow, comprise the main features
of the issue.
Stanford Sequoia appeared on the
campus today for the first time this
semester. From the preliminary
glances at the publication, issue num
ber one appears to be live and inter
esting. Editor M. L. McClintock, '18,
has collected a good assortment of
stories, poems and t sketches and has
himself contributed one of the fea
ture articles, in the form of a per
sonal survey of Camp Fremont; pho
tographic illustrations enliven the ar
ticle.
A story by Lansing Warren, '17,
himself absent at the front; an ar
ticle by It. A. Donaldson, '17, poems
by Ceroid Robinson, '17, and Dare
Stark, '17, an article on The Outlook
for l'eace by Chancellor Emeritus
David Starr Jordan, and on "Revolu
tionary Russia and Her Literature,"
by Henry Lanz of the University of
Moscow, comprise the main features
of the issue.
