# Briggs Edits Chappie
## 
### 
Hammer and Coffin, at its first
meeting of the year, last night,
decided to retain the name of "Wully"
Wohlford as editor of the Chaparral,
and to make Sam Briggs managing
editor the coming year, since Wohl
ford is serving in Greece with the
Second Stanford Ambulance Unit.
Though the standard of the tryout
requirements will not be lowered on
account of the absence of Chaparral
men from college this year, Chappie
hopes to have a large number of
humorists out to make the staff this
year. Tryouts begin immediately.
The return of Mike Oliver, '16, for
mer art editor of Chaparral and the
Quad, to the campus, will do a great
deal to fill the vacancies left by local
Chappies in the service. Oliver has
been studying art in New York since
his graduation here, lie will design
the cover for the football issue of
Chaparral.
Hammer and Coffin, at its first
meeting of the year, last night,
decided to retain the name of "Wully"
Wohlford as editor of the Chaparral,
and to make Sam Briggs managing
editor the coming year, since Wohl
ford is serving in Greece with the
Second Stanford Ambulance Unit.
Though the standard of the tryout
requirements will not be lowered on
account of the absence of Chaparral
men from college this year, Chappie
hopes to have a large number of
humorists out to make the staff this
year. Tryouts begin immediately.
The return of Mike Oliver, '16, for
mer art editor of Chaparral and the
Quad, to the campus, will do a great
deal to fill the vacancies left by local
Chappies in the service. Oliver has
been studying art in New York since
his graduation here, lie will design
the cover for the football issue of
Chaparral.
Hammer and Coffin, at its first
meeting of the year, last night,
decided to retain the name of "Wully"
Wohlford as editor of the Chaparral,
and to make Sam Briggs managing
editor the coming year, since Wohl
ford is serving in Greece with the
Second Stanford Ambulance Unit.
Though the standard of the tryout
requirements will not be lowered on
account of the absence of Chaparral
men from college this year, Chappie
hopes to have a large number of
humorists out to make the staff this
year. Tryouts begin immediately.
The return of Mike Oliver, '16, for
mer art editor of Chaparral and the
Quad, to the campus, will do a great
deal to fill the vacancies left by local
Chappies in the service. Oliver has
been studying art in New York since
his graduation here, lie will design
the cover for the football issue of
Chaparral.
Hammer and Coffin, at its first
meeting of the year, last night,
decided to retain the name of "Wully"
Wohlford as editor of the Chaparral,
and to make Sam Briggs managing
editor the coming year, since Wohl
ford is serving in Greece with the
Second Stanford Ambulance Unit.
Though the standard of the tryout
requirements will not be lowered on
account of the absence of Chaparral
men from college this year, Chappie
hopes to have a large number of
humorists out to make the staff this
year. Tryouts begin immediately.
The return of Mike Oliver, '16, for
mer art editor of Chaparral and the
Quad, to the campus, will do a great
deal to fill the vacancies left by local
Chappies in the service. Oliver has
been studying art in New York since
his graduation here, lie will design
the cover for the football issue of
Chaparral.
Hammer and Coffin, at its first
meeting of the year, last night,
decided to retain the name of "Wully"
Wohlford as editor of the Chaparral,
and to make Sam Briggs managing
editor the coming year, since Wohl
ford is serving in Greece with the
Second Stanford Ambulance Unit.
Though the standard of the tryout
requirements will not be lowered on
account of the absence of Chaparral
men from college this year, Chappie
hopes to have a large number of
humorists out to make the staff this
year. Tryouts begin immediately.
The return of Mike Oliver, '16, for
mer art editor of Chaparral and the
Quad, to the campus, will do a great
deal to fill the vacancies left by local
Chappies in the service. Oliver has
been studying art in New York since
his graduation here, lie will design
the cover for the football issue of
Chaparral.
Hammer and Coffin, at its first
meeting of the year, last night,
decided to retain the name of "Wully"
Wohlford as editor of the Chaparral,
and to make Sam Briggs managing
editor the coming year, since Wohl
ford is serving in Greece with the
Second Stanford Ambulance Unit.
Though the standard of the tryout
requirements will not be lowered on
account of the absence of Chaparral
men from college this year, Chappie
hopes to have a large number of
humorists out to make the staff this
year. Tryouts begin immediately.
The return of Mike Oliver, '16, for
mer art editor of Chaparral and the
Quad, to the campus, will do a great
deal to fill the vacancies left by local
Chappies in the service. Oliver has
been studying art in New York since
his graduation here, lie will design
the cover for the football issue of
Chaparral.
Hammer and Coffin, at its first
meeting of the year, last night,
decided to retain the name of "Wully"
Wohlford as editor of the Chaparral,
and to make Sam Briggs managing
editor the coming year, since Wohl
ford is serving in Greece with the
Second Stanford Ambulance Unit.
Though the standard of the tryout
requirements will not be lowered on
account of the absence of Chaparral
men from college this year, Chappie
hopes to have a large number of
humorists out to make the staff this
year. Tryouts begin immediately.
The return of Mike Oliver, '16, for
mer art editor of Chaparral and the
Quad, to the campus, will do a great
deal to fill the vacancies left by local
Chappies in the service. Oliver has
been studying art in New York since
his graduation here, lie will design
the cover for the football issue of
Chaparral.
Hammer and Coffin, at its first
meeting of the year, last night,
decided to retain the name of "Wully"
Wohlford as editor of the Chaparral,
and to make Sam Briggs managing
editor the coming year, since Wohl
ford is serving in Greece with the
Second Stanford Ambulance Unit.
Though the standard of the tryout
requirements will not be lowered on
account of the absence of Chaparral
men from college this year, Chappie
hopes to have a large number of
humorists out to make the staff this
year. Tryouts begin immediately.
The return of Mike Oliver, '16, for
mer art editor of Chaparral and the
Quad, to the campus, will do a great
deal to fill the vacancies left by local
Chappies in the service. Oliver has
been studying art in New York since
his graduation here, lie will design
the cover for the football issue of
Chaparral.
Hammer and Coffin, at its first
meeting of the year, last night,
decided to retain the name of "Wully"
Wohlford as editor of the Chaparral,
and to make Sam Briggs managing
editor the coming year, since Wohl
ford is serving in Greece with the
Second Stanford Ambulance Unit.
Though the standard of the tryout
requirements will not be lowered on
account of the absence of Chaparral
men from college this year, Chappie
hopes to have a large number of
humorists out to make the staff this
year. Tryouts begin immediately.
The return of Mike Oliver, '16, for
mer art editor of Chaparral and the
Quad, to the campus, will do a great
deal to fill the vacancies left by local
Chappies in the service. Oliver has
been studying art in New York since
his graduation here, lie will design
the cover for the football issue of
Chaparral.
Hammer and Coffin, at its first
meeting of the year, last night,
decided to retain the name of "Wully"
Wohlford as editor of the Chaparral,
and to make Sam Briggs managing
editor the coming year, since Wohl
ford is serving in Greece with the
Second Stanford Ambulance Unit.
Though the standard of the tryout
requirements will not be lowered on
account of the absence of Chaparral
men from college this year, Chappie
hopes to have a large number of
humorists out to make the staff this
year. Tryouts begin immediately.
The return of Mike Oliver, '16, for
mer art editor of Chaparral and the
Quad, to the campus, will do a great
deal to fill the vacancies left by local
Chappies in the service. Oliver has
been studying art in New York since
his graduation here, lie will design
the cover for the football issue of
Chaparral.
Hammer and Coffin, at its first
meeting of the year, last night,
decided to retain the name of "Wully"
Wohlford as editor of the Chaparral,
and to make Sam Briggs managing
editor the coming year, since Wohl
ford is serving in Greece with the
Second Stanford Ambulance Unit.
Though the standard of the tryout
requirements will not be lowered on
account of the absence of Chaparral
men from college this year, Chappie
hopes to have a large number of
humorists out to make the staff this
year. Tryouts begin immediately.
The return of Mike Oliver, '16, for
mer art editor of Chaparral and the
Quad, to the campus, will do a great
deal to fill the vacancies left by local
Chappies in the service. Oliver has
been studying art in New York since
his graduation here, lie will design
the cover for the football issue of
Chaparral.
Hammer and Coffin, at its first
meeting of the year, last night,
decided to retain the name of "Wully"
Wohlford as editor of the Chaparral,
and to make Sam Briggs managing
editor the coming year, since Wohl
ford is serving in Greece with the
Second Stanford Ambulance Unit.
Though the standard of the tryout
requirements will not be lowered on
account of the absence of Chaparral
men from college this year, Chappie
hopes to have a large number of
humorists out to make the staff this
year. Tryouts begin immediately.
The return of Mike Oliver, '16, for
mer art editor of Chaparral and the
Quad, to the campus, will do a great
deal to fill the vacancies left by local
Chappies in the service. Oliver has
been studying art in New York since
his graduation here, lie will design
the cover for the football issue of
Chaparral.
Hammer and Coffin, at its first
meeting of the year, last night,
decided to retain the name of "Wully"
Wohlford as editor of the Chaparral,
and to make Sam Briggs managing
editor the coming year, since Wohl
ford is serving in Greece with the
Second Stanford Ambulance Unit.
Though the standard of the tryout
requirements will not be lowered on
account of the absence of Chaparral
men from college this year, Chappie
hopes to have a large number of
humorists out to make the staff this
year. Tryouts begin immediately.
The return of Mike Oliver, '16, for
mer art editor of Chaparral and the
Quad, to the campus, will do a great
deal to fill the vacancies left by local
Chappies in the service. Oliver has
been studying art in New York since
his graduation here, lie will design
the cover for the football issue of
Chaparral.
Hammer and Coffin, at its first
meeting of the year, last night,
decided to retain the name of "Wully"
Wohlford as editor of the Chaparral,
and to make Sam Briggs managing
editor the coming year, since Wohl
ford is serving in Greece with the
Second Stanford Ambulance Unit.
Though the standard of the tryout
requirements will not be lowered on
account of the absence of Chaparral
men from college this year, Chappie
hopes to have a large number of
humorists out to make the staff this
year. Tryouts begin immediately.
The return of Mike Oliver, '16, for
mer art editor of Chaparral and the
Quad, to the campus, will do a great
deal to fill the vacancies left by local
Chappies in the service. Oliver has
been studying art in New York since
his graduation here, lie will design
the cover for the football issue of
Chaparral.
Hammer and Coffin, at its first
meeting of the year, last night,
decided to retain the name of "Wully"
Wohlford as editor of the Chaparral,
and to make Sam Briggs managing
editor the coming year, since Wohl
ford is serving in Greece with the
Second Stanford Ambulance Unit.
Though the standard of the tryout
requirements will not be lowered on
account of the absence of Chaparral
men from college this year, Chappie
hopes to have a large number of
humorists out to make the staff this
year. Tryouts begin immediately.
The return of Mike Oliver, '16, for
mer art editor of Chaparral and the
Quad, to the campus, will do a great
deal to fill the vacancies left by local
Chappies in the service. Oliver has
been studying art in New York since
his graduation here, lie will design
the cover for the football issue of
Chaparral.
