# Research Club To Meet Wednesday
## 
### 
Dr. Willis Johnson, president of the
Research Club, announced that the
first meeting of tfie Autumn Quarter
will be held this Wednesday evening
in the Men's Faculty Building. The
speakers will be Professor Tatum of
the Biology Department, and Dr.
Harriman, professor of classics, who
will discuss Indo-European linguis
tics.
After the meeting a visiting pro
fessor from the University of Illi
nois will present a colored movie on
the mud wasp.
The future meetings of the club
will be held on the first Wednesday
in the month. Refreshments will be
served between the different lec
tures.

Volcanic action first created Colo
rado's great Rocky Mountain country,
afterward subjected to millions of
years of erosion which has produced
the fantastic formations yearly
attracting thousands of awed and
fascinated visitors in Deacetime.
Dr. Willis Johnson, president of the
Research Club, announced that the
first meeting of tfie Autumn Quarter
will be held this Wednesday evening
in the Men's Faculty Building. The
speakers will be Professor Tatum of
the Biology Department, and Dr.
Harriman, professor of classics, who
will discuss Indo-European linguis
tics.
After the meeting a visiting pro
fessor from the University of Illi
nois will present a colored movie on
the mud wasp.
The future meetings of the club
will be held on the first Wednesday
in the month. Refreshments will be
served between the different lec
tures.

Volcanic action first created Colo
rado's great Rocky Mountain country,
afterward subjected to millions of
years of erosion which has produced
the fantastic formations yearly
attracting thousands of awed and
fascinated visitors in Deacetime.
Dr. Willis Johnson, president of the
Research Club, announced that the
first meeting of tfie Autumn Quarter
will be held this Wednesday evening
in the Men's Faculty Building. The
speakers will be Professor Tatum of
the Biology Department, and Dr.
Harriman, professor of classics, who
will discuss Indo-European linguis
tics.
After the meeting a visiting pro
fessor from the University of Illi
nois will present a colored movie on
the mud wasp.
The future meetings of the club
will be held on the first Wednesday
in the month. Refreshments will be
served between the different lec
tures.

Volcanic action first created Colo
rado's great Rocky Mountain country,
afterward subjected to millions of
years of erosion which has produced
the fantastic formations yearly
attracting thousands of awed and
fascinated visitors in Deacetime.
Dr. Willis Johnson, president of the
Research Club, announced that the
first meeting of tfie Autumn Quarter
will be held this Wednesday evening
in the Men's Faculty Building. The
speakers will be Professor Tatum of
the Biology Department, and Dr.
Harriman, professor of classics, who
will discuss Indo-European linguis
tics.
After the meeting a visiting pro
fessor from the University of Illi
nois will present a colored movie on
the mud wasp.
The future meetings of the club
will be held on the first Wednesday
in the month. Refreshments will be
served between the different lec
tures.

Volcanic action first created Colo
rado's great Rocky Mountain country,
afterward subjected to millions of
years of erosion which has produced
the fantastic formations yearly
attracting thousands of awed and
fascinated visitors in Deacetime.
Dr. Willis Johnson, president of the
Research Club, announced that the
first meeting of tfie Autumn Quarter
will be held this Wednesday evening
in the Men's Faculty Building. The
speakers will be Professor Tatum of
the Biology Department, and Dr.
Harriman, professor of classics, who
will discuss Indo-European linguis
tics.
After the meeting a visiting pro
fessor from the University of Illi
nois will present a colored movie on
the mud wasp.
The future meetings of the club
will be held on the first Wednesday
in the month. Refreshments will be
served between the different lec
tures.

Volcanic action first created Colo
rado's great Rocky Mountain country,
afterward subjected to millions of
years of erosion which has produced
the fantastic formations yearly
attracting thousands of awed and
fascinated visitors in Deacetime.
Dr. Willis Johnson, president of the
Research Club, announced that the
first meeting of tfie Autumn Quarter
will be held this Wednesday evening
in the Men's Faculty Building. The
speakers will be Professor Tatum of
the Biology Department, and Dr.
Harriman, professor of classics, who
will discuss Indo-European linguis
tics.
After the meeting a visiting pro
fessor from the University of Illi
nois will present a colored movie on
the mud wasp.
The future meetings of the club
will be held on the first Wednesday
in the month. Refreshments will be
served between the different lec
tures.

Volcanic action first created Colo
rado's great Rocky Mountain country,
afterward subjected to millions of
years of erosion which has produced
the fantastic formations yearly
attracting thousands of awed and
fascinated visitors in Deacetime.
Dr. Willis Johnson, president of the
Research Club, announced that the
first meeting of tfie Autumn Quarter
will be held this Wednesday evening
in the Men's Faculty Building. The
speakers will be Professor Tatum of
the Biology Department, and Dr.
Harriman, professor of classics, who
will discuss Indo-European linguis
tics.
After the meeting a visiting pro
fessor from the University of Illi
nois will present a colored movie on
the mud wasp.
The future meetings of the club
will be held on the first Wednesday
in the month. Refreshments will be
served between the different lec
tures.

Volcanic action first created Colo
rado's great Rocky Mountain country,
afterward subjected to millions of
years of erosion which has produced
the fantastic formations yearly
attracting thousands of awed and
fascinated visitors in Deacetime.
Dr. Willis Johnson, president of the
Research Club, announced that the
first meeting of tfie Autumn Quarter
will be held this Wednesday evening
in the Men's Faculty Building. The
speakers will be Professor Tatum of
the Biology Department, and Dr.
Harriman, professor of classics, who
will discuss Indo-European linguis
tics.
After the meeting a visiting pro
fessor from the University of Illi
nois will present a colored movie on
the mud wasp.
The future meetings of the club
will be held on the first Wednesday
in the month. Refreshments will be
served between the different lec
tures.

Volcanic action first created Colo
rado's great Rocky Mountain country,
afterward subjected to millions of
years of erosion which has produced
the fantastic formations yearly
attracting thousands of awed and
fascinated visitors in Deacetime.
Dr. Willis Johnson, president of the
Research Club, announced that the
first meeting of tfie Autumn Quarter
will be held this Wednesday evening
in the Men's Faculty Building. The
speakers will be Professor Tatum of
the Biology Department, and Dr.
Harriman, professor of classics, who
will discuss Indo-European linguis
tics.
After the meeting a visiting pro
fessor from the University of Illi
nois will present a colored movie on
the mud wasp.
The future meetings of the club
will be held on the first Wednesday
in the month. Refreshments will be
served between the different lec
tures.

Volcanic action first created Colo
rado's great Rocky Mountain country,
afterward subjected to millions of
years of erosion which has produced
the fantastic formations yearly
attracting thousands of awed and
fascinated visitors in Deacetime.
Dr. Willis Johnson, president of the
Research Club, announced that the
first meeting of tfie Autumn Quarter
will be held this Wednesday evening
in the Men's Faculty Building. The
speakers will be Professor Tatum of
the Biology Department, and Dr.
Harriman, professor of classics, who
will discuss Indo-European linguis
tics.
After the meeting a visiting pro
fessor from the University of Illi
nois will present a colored movie on
the mud wasp.
The future meetings of the club
will be held on the first Wednesday
in the month. Refreshments will be
served between the different lec
tures.

Volcanic action first created Colo
rado's great Rocky Mountain country,
afterward subjected to millions of
years of erosion which has produced
the fantastic formations yearly
attracting thousands of awed and
fascinated visitors in Deacetime.
Dr. Willis Johnson, president of the
Research Club, announced that the
first meeting of tfie Autumn Quarter
will be held this Wednesday evening
in the Men's Faculty Building. The
speakers will be Professor Tatum of
the Biology Department, and Dr.
Harriman, professor of classics, who
will discuss Indo-European linguis
tics.
After the meeting a visiting pro
fessor from the University of Illi
nois will present a colored movie on
the mud wasp.
The future meetings of the club
will be held on the first Wednesday
in the month. Refreshments will be
served between the different lec
tures.

Volcanic action first created Colo
rado's great Rocky Mountain country,
afterward subjected to millions of
years of erosion which has produced
the fantastic formations yearly
attracting thousands of awed and
fascinated visitors in Deacetime.
Dr. Willis Johnson, president of the
Research Club, announced that the
first meeting of tfie Autumn Quarter
will be held this Wednesday evening
in the Men's Faculty Building. The
speakers will be Professor Tatum of
the Biology Department, and Dr.
Harriman, professor of classics, who
will discuss Indo-European linguis
tics.
After the meeting a visiting pro
fessor from the University of Illi
nois will present a colored movie on
the mud wasp.
The future meetings of the club
will be held on the first Wednesday
in the month. Refreshments will be
served between the different lec
tures.

Volcanic action first created Colo
rado's great Rocky Mountain country,
afterward subjected to millions of
years of erosion which has produced
the fantastic formations yearly
attracting thousands of awed and
fascinated visitors in Deacetime.
Dr. Willis Johnson, president of the
Research Club, announced that the
first meeting of tfie Autumn Quarter
will be held this Wednesday evening
in the Men's Faculty Building. The
speakers will be Professor Tatum of
the Biology Department, and Dr.
Harriman, professor of classics, who
will discuss Indo-European linguis
tics.
After the meeting a visiting pro
fessor from the University of Illi
nois will present a colored movie on
the mud wasp.
The future meetings of the club
will be held on the first Wednesday
in the month. Refreshments will be
served between the different lec
tures.

Volcanic action first created Colo
rado's great Rocky Mountain country,
afterward subjected to millions of
years of erosion which has produced
the fantastic formations yearly
attracting thousands of awed and
fascinated visitors in Deacetime.
Dr. Willis Johnson, president of the
Research Club, announced that the
first meeting of tfie Autumn Quarter
will be held this Wednesday evening
in the Men's Faculty Building. The
speakers will be Professor Tatum of
the Biology Department, and Dr.
Harriman, professor of classics, who
will discuss Indo-European linguis
tics.
After the meeting a visiting pro
fessor from the University of Illi
nois will present a colored movie on
the mud wasp.
The future meetings of the club
will be held on the first Wednesday
in the month. Refreshments will be
served between the different lec
tures.

Volcanic action first created Colo
rado's great Rocky Mountain country,
afterward subjected to millions of
years of erosion which has produced
the fantastic formations yearly
attracting thousands of awed and
fascinated visitors in Deacetime.
Dr. Willis Johnson, president of the
Research Club, announced that the
first meeting of tfie Autumn Quarter
will be held this Wednesday evening
in the Men's Faculty Building. The
speakers will be Professor Tatum of
the Biology Department, and Dr.
Harriman, professor of classics, who
will discuss Indo-European linguis
tics.
After the meeting a visiting pro
fessor from the University of Illi
nois will present a colored movie on
the mud wasp.
The future meetings of the club
will be held on the first Wednesday
in the month. Refreshments will be
served between the different lec
tures.

Volcanic action first created Colo
rado's great Rocky Mountain country,
afterward subjected to millions of
years of erosion which has produced
the fantastic formations yearly
attracting thousands of awed and
fascinated visitors in Deacetime.
Dr. Willis Johnson, president of the
Research Club, announced that the
first meeting of tfie Autumn Quarter
will be held this Wednesday evening
in the Men's Faculty Building. The
speakers will be Professor Tatum of
the Biology Department, and Dr.
Harriman, professor of classics, who
will discuss Indo-European linguis
tics.
After the meeting a visiting pro
fessor from the University of Illi
nois will present a colored movie on
the mud wasp.
The future meetings of the club
will be held on the first Wednesday
in the month. Refreshments will be
served between the different lec
tures.

Volcanic action first created Colo
rado's great Rocky Mountain country,
afterward subjected to millions of
years of erosion which has produced
the fantastic formations yearly
attracting thousands of awed and
fascinated visitors in Deacetime.
Dr. Willis Johnson, president of the
Research Club, announced that the
first meeting of tfie Autumn Quarter
will be held this Wednesday evening
in the Men's Faculty Building. The
speakers will be Professor Tatum of
the Biology Department, and Dr.
Harriman, professor of classics, who
will discuss Indo-European linguis
tics.
After the meeting a visiting pro
fessor from the University of Illi
nois will present a colored movie on
the mud wasp.
The future meetings of the club
will be held on the first Wednesday
in the month. Refreshments will be
served between the different lec
tures.

Volcanic action first created Colo
rado's great Rocky Mountain country,
afterward subjected to millions of
years of erosion which has produced
the fantastic formations yearly
attracting thousands of awed and
fascinated visitors in Deacetime.
