# Untitled Article
## 
### 

American paratroopers come out of their foxholes near Chiunzi Pass,
Italy, to soak up some sunshine. Thev helped hold vital gateway to
plains of Naples despite furious Nazi shellfire, as Allies advanced.

American paratroopers come out of their foxholes near Chiunzi Pass,
Italy, to soak up some sunshine. Thev helped hold vital gateway to
plains of Naples despite furious Nazi shellfire, as Allies advanced.

American paratroopers come out of their foxholes near Chiunzi Pass,
Italy, to soak up some sunshine. Thev helped hold vital gateway to
plains of Naples despite furious Nazi shellfire, as Allies advanced.

American paratroopers come out of their foxholes near Chiunzi Pass,
Italy, to soak up some sunshine. Thev helped hold vital gateway to
plains of Naples despite furious Nazi shellfire, as Allies advanced.

American paratroopers come out of their foxholes near Chiunzi Pass,
Italy, to soak up some sunshine. Thev helped hold vital gateway to
plains of Naples despite furious Nazi shellfire, as Allies advanced.

American paratroopers come out of their foxholes near Chiunzi Pass,
Italy, to soak up some sunshine. Thev helped hold vital gateway to
plains of Naples despite furious Nazi shellfire, as Allies advanced.

American paratroopers come out of their foxholes near Chiunzi Pass,
Italy, to soak up some sunshine. Thev helped hold vital gateway to
plains of Naples despite furious Nazi shellfire, as Allies advanced.

American paratroopers come out of their foxholes near Chiunzi Pass,
Italy, to soak up some sunshine. Thev helped hold vital gateway to
plains of Naples despite furious Nazi shellfire, as Allies advanced.

American paratroopers come out of their foxholes near Chiunzi Pass,
Italy, to soak up some sunshine. Thev helped hold vital gateway to
plains of Naples despite furious Nazi shellfire, as Allies advanced.

American paratroopers come out of their foxholes near Chiunzi Pass,
Italy, to soak up some sunshine. Thev helped hold vital gateway to
plains of Naples despite furious Nazi shellfire, as Allies advanced.

American paratroopers come out of their foxholes near Chiunzi Pass,
Italy, to soak up some sunshine. Thev helped hold vital gateway to
plains of Naples despite furious Nazi shellfire, as Allies advanced.

American paratroopers come out of their foxholes near Chiunzi Pass,
Italy, to soak up some sunshine. Thev helped hold vital gateway to
plains of Naples despite furious Nazi shellfire, as Allies advanced.

American paratroopers come out of their foxholes near Chiunzi Pass,
Italy, to soak up some sunshine. Thev helped hold vital gateway to
plains of Naples despite furious Nazi shellfire, as Allies advanced.

American paratroopers come out of their foxholes near Chiunzi Pass,
Italy, to soak up some sunshine. Thev helped hold vital gateway to
plains of Naples despite furious Nazi shellfire, as Allies advanced.

American paratroopers come out of their foxholes near Chiunzi Pass,
Italy, to soak up some sunshine. Thev helped hold vital gateway to
plains of Naples despite furious Nazi shellfire, as Allies advanced.

American paratroopers come out of their foxholes near Chiunzi Pass,
Italy, to soak up some sunshine. Thev helped hold vital gateway to
plains of Naples despite furious Nazi shellfire, as Allies advanced.

American paratroopers come out of their foxholes near Chiunzi Pass,
Italy, to soak up some sunshine. Thev helped hold vital gateway to
plains of Naples despite furious Nazi shellfire, as Allies advanced.
