# Pre-Med Students Take Test Friday
## 
### 
All pre-medical students who have
not yet taken the Medical Aptitude
Test of the Association of American
Medical Colleges will be expected to
do so this Friday afternoon at 2 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. A fee of

$1 will be collected at that time.
The test has been revised and is
based more on aptitude for scientific
study than on knowledge of pre
medical courses. It will not be given
again this year.
All pre-medical students who have
not yet taken the Medical Aptitude
Test of the Association of American
Medical Colleges will be expected to
do so this Friday afternoon at 2 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. A fee of

$1 will be collected at that time.
The test has been revised and is
based more on aptitude for scientific
study than on knowledge of pre
medical courses. It will not be given
again this year.
All pre-medical students who have
not yet taken the Medical Aptitude
Test of the Association of American
Medical Colleges will be expected to
do so this Friday afternoon at 2 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. A fee of

$1 will be collected at that time.
The test has been revised and is
based more on aptitude for scientific
study than on knowledge of pre
medical courses. It will not be given
again this year.
All pre-medical students who have
not yet taken the Medical Aptitude
Test of the Association of American
Medical Colleges will be expected to
do so this Friday afternoon at 2 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. A fee of

$1 will be collected at that time.
The test has been revised and is
based more on aptitude for scientific
study than on knowledge of pre
medical courses. It will not be given
again this year.
All pre-medical students who have
not yet taken the Medical Aptitude
Test of the Association of American
Medical Colleges will be expected to
do so this Friday afternoon at 2 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. A fee of

$1 will be collected at that time.
The test has been revised and is
based more on aptitude for scientific
study than on knowledge of pre
medical courses. It will not be given
again this year.
All pre-medical students who have
not yet taken the Medical Aptitude
Test of the Association of American
Medical Colleges will be expected to
do so this Friday afternoon at 2 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. A fee of

$1 will be collected at that time.
The test has been revised and is
based more on aptitude for scientific
study than on knowledge of pre
medical courses. It will not be given
again this year.
All pre-medical students who have
not yet taken the Medical Aptitude
Test of the Association of American
Medical Colleges will be expected to
do so this Friday afternoon at 2 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. A fee of

$1 will be collected at that time.
The test has been revised and is
based more on aptitude for scientific
study than on knowledge of pre
medical courses. It will not be given
again this year.
All pre-medical students who have
not yet taken the Medical Aptitude
Test of the Association of American
Medical Colleges will be expected to
do so this Friday afternoon at 2 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. A fee of

$1 will be collected at that time.
The test has been revised and is
based more on aptitude for scientific
study than on knowledge of pre
medical courses. It will not be given
again this year.
All pre-medical students who have
not yet taken the Medical Aptitude
Test of the Association of American
Medical Colleges will be expected to
do so this Friday afternoon at 2 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. A fee of

$1 will be collected at that time.
The test has been revised and is
based more on aptitude for scientific
study than on knowledge of pre
medical courses. It will not be given
again this year.
All pre-medical students who have
not yet taken the Medical Aptitude
Test of the Association of American
Medical Colleges will be expected to
do so this Friday afternoon at 2 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. A fee of

$1 will be collected at that time.
The test has been revised and is
based more on aptitude for scientific
study than on knowledge of pre
medical courses. It will not be given
again this year.
All pre-medical students who have
not yet taken the Medical Aptitude
Test of the Association of American
Medical Colleges will be expected to
do so this Friday afternoon at 2 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. A fee of

$1 will be collected at that time.
The test has been revised and is
based more on aptitude for scientific
study than on knowledge of pre
medical courses. It will not be given
again this year.
All pre-medical students who have
not yet taken the Medical Aptitude
Test of the Association of American
Medical Colleges will be expected to
do so this Friday afternoon at 2 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. A fee of

$1 will be collected at that time.
The test has been revised and is
based more on aptitude for scientific
study than on knowledge of pre
medical courses. It will not be given
again this year.
All pre-medical students who have
not yet taken the Medical Aptitude
Test of the Association of American
Medical Colleges will be expected to
do so this Friday afternoon at 2 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. A fee of

$1 will be collected at that time.
The test has been revised and is
based more on aptitude for scientific
study than on knowledge of pre
medical courses. It will not be given
again this year.
All pre-medical students who have
not yet taken the Medical Aptitude
Test of the Association of American
Medical Colleges will be expected to
do so this Friday afternoon at 2 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. A fee of

$1 will be collected at that time.
The test has been revised and is
based more on aptitude for scientific
study than on knowledge of pre
medical courses. It will not be given
again this year.
All pre-medical students who have
not yet taken the Medical Aptitude
Test of the Association of American
Medical Colleges will be expected to
do so this Friday afternoon at 2 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. A fee of

$1 will be collected at that time.
The test has been revised and is
based more on aptitude for scientific
study than on knowledge of pre
medical courses. It will not be given
again this year.
All pre-medical students who have
not yet taken the Medical Aptitude
Test of the Association of American
Medical Colleges will be expected to
do so this Friday afternoon at 2 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. A fee of

$1 will be collected at that time.
The test has been revised and is
based more on aptitude for scientific
study than on knowledge of pre
medical courses. It will not be given
again this year.
All pre-medical students who have
not yet taken the Medical Aptitude
Test of the Association of American
Medical Colleges will be expected to
do so this Friday afternoon at 2 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. A fee of

$1 will be collected at that time.
The test has been revised and is
based more on aptitude for scientific
study than on knowledge of pre
medical courses. It will not be given
again this year.
