# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A 10-ton Army truck costs $8,360.
Buy Bonds and keep the Army's
wheels rolling.
A 10-ton Army truck costs $8,360.
Buy Bonds and keep the Army's
wheels rolling.
A 10-ton Army truck costs $8,360.
Buy Bonds and keep the Army's
wheels rolling.
A 10-ton Army truck costs $8,360.
Buy Bonds and keep the Army's
wheels rolling.
A 10-ton Army truck costs $8,360.
Buy Bonds and keep the Army's
wheels rolling.
A 10-ton Army truck costs $8,360.
Buy Bonds and keep the Army's
wheels rolling.
A 10-ton Army truck costs $8,360.
Buy Bonds and keep the Army's
wheels rolling.
A 10-ton Army truck costs $8,360.
Buy Bonds and keep the Army's
wheels rolling.
A 10-ton Army truck costs $8,360.
Buy Bonds and keep the Army's
wheels rolling.
A 10-ton Army truck costs $8,360.
Buy Bonds and keep the Army's
wheels rolling.
A 10-ton Army truck costs $8,360.
Buy Bonds and keep the Army's
wheels rolling.
A 10-ton Army truck costs $8,360.
Buy Bonds and keep the Army's
wheels rolling.
A 10-ton Army truck costs $8,360.
Buy Bonds and keep the Army's
wheels rolling.
A 10-ton Army truck costs $8,360.
Buy Bonds and keep the Army's
wheels rolling.
A 10-ton Army truck costs $8,360.
Buy Bonds and keep the Army's
wheels rolling.
A 10-ton Army truck costs $8,360.
Buy Bonds and keep the Army's
wheels rolling.
A 10-ton Army truck costs $8,360.
Buy Bonds and keep the Army's
wheels rolling.
