# Frosh Nominations To Be Held Today
## 
### 
Nominations for freshman class
officers are being made today on
Hit* Law Steps between S and (J
o'clock. Voting for the two posi
tions available, president and sec
retary-treasurer. will be held next
Tuesday, according to Bill Leckie.
election committee chairman.
Students must present student
body cards on both occasions.
Nominations for freshman class
officers are being made today on
Hit* Law Steps between S and (J
o'clock. Voting for the two posi
tions available, president and sec
retary-treasurer. will be held next
Tuesday, according to Bill Leckie.
election committee chairman.
Students must present student
body cards on both occasions.
Nominations for freshman class
officers are being made today on
Hit* Law Steps between S and (J
o'clock. Voting for the two posi
tions available, president and sec
retary-treasurer. will be held next
Tuesday, according to Bill Leckie.
election committee chairman.
Students must present student
body cards on both occasions.
Nominations for freshman class
officers are being made today on
Hit* Law Steps between S and (J
o'clock. Voting for the two posi
tions available, president and sec
retary-treasurer. will be held next
Tuesday, according to Bill Leckie.
election committee chairman.
Students must present student
body cards on both occasions.
Nominations for freshman class
officers are being made today on
Hit* Law Steps between S and (J
o'clock. Voting for the two posi
tions available, president and sec
retary-treasurer. will be held next
Tuesday, according to Bill Leckie.
election committee chairman.
Students must present student
body cards on both occasions.
Nominations for freshman class
officers are being made today on
Hit* Law Steps between S and (J
o'clock. Voting for the two posi
tions available, president and sec
retary-treasurer. will be held next
Tuesday, according to Bill Leckie.
election committee chairman.
Students must present student
body cards on both occasions.
Nominations for freshman class
officers are being made today on
Hit* Law Steps between S and (J
o'clock. Voting for the two posi
tions available, president and sec
retary-treasurer. will be held next
Tuesday, according to Bill Leckie.
election committee chairman.
Students must present student
body cards on both occasions.
Nominations for freshman class
officers are being made today on
Hit* Law Steps between S and (J
o'clock. Voting for the two posi
tions available, president and sec
retary-treasurer. will be held next
Tuesday, according to Bill Leckie.
election committee chairman.
Students must present student
body cards on both occasions.
Nominations for freshman class
officers are being made today on
Hit* Law Steps between S and (J
o'clock. Voting for the two posi
tions available, president and sec
retary-treasurer. will be held next
Tuesday, according to Bill Leckie.
election committee chairman.
Students must present student
body cards on both occasions.
Nominations for freshman class
officers are being made today on
Hit* Law Steps between S and (J
o'clock. Voting for the two posi
tions available, president and sec
retary-treasurer. will be held next
Tuesday, according to Bill Leckie.
election committee chairman.
Students must present student
body cards on both occasions.
Nominations for freshman class
officers are being made today on
Hit* Law Steps between S and (J
o'clock. Voting for the two posi
tions available, president and sec
retary-treasurer. will be held next
Tuesday, according to Bill Leckie.
election committee chairman.
Students must present student
body cards on both occasions.
Nominations for freshman class
officers are being made today on
Hit* Law Steps between S and (J
o'clock. Voting for the two posi
tions available, president and sec
retary-treasurer. will be held next
Tuesday, according to Bill Leckie.
election committee chairman.
Students must present student
body cards on both occasions.
Nominations for freshman class
officers are being made today on
Hit* Law Steps between S and (J
o'clock. Voting for the two posi
tions available, president and sec
retary-treasurer. will be held next
Tuesday, according to Bill Leckie.
election committee chairman.
Students must present student
body cards on both occasions.
Nominations for freshman class
officers are being made today on
Hit* Law Steps between S and (J
o'clock. Voting for the two posi
tions available, president and sec
retary-treasurer. will be held next
Tuesday, according to Bill Leckie.
election committee chairman.
Students must present student
body cards on both occasions.
Nominations for freshman class
officers are being made today on
Hit* Law Steps between S and (J
o'clock. Voting for the two posi
tions available, president and sec
retary-treasurer. will be held next
Tuesday, according to Bill Leckie.
election committee chairman.
Students must present student
body cards on both occasions.
Nominations for freshman class
officers are being made today on
Hit* Law Steps between S and (J
o'clock. Voting for the two posi
tions available, president and sec
retary-treasurer. will be held next
Tuesday, according to Bill Leckie.
election committee chairman.
Students must present student
body cards on both occasions.
