# Nelson and Simpson Elected.
## 
### 
According to the latest election re
turns, H. C. Nelson, '10, and W. E.
Simpson, '13, both of whom completed
their Law course here last year, will
represent the second and fifty-seventh
districts, respectively, in the state as
sembly.
According to the latest election re
turns, H. C. Nelson, '10, and W. E.
Simpson, '13, both of whom completed
their Law course here last year, will
represent the second and fifty-seventh
districts, respectively, in the state as
sembly.
According to the latest election re
turns, H. C. Nelson, '10, and W. E.
Simpson, '13, both of whom completed
their Law course here last year, will
represent the second and fifty-seventh
districts, respectively, in the state as
sembly.
According to the latest election re
turns, H. C. Nelson, '10, and W. E.
Simpson, '13, both of whom completed
their Law course here last year, will
represent the second and fifty-seventh
districts, respectively, in the state as
sembly.
According to the latest election re
turns, H. C. Nelson, '10, and W. E.
Simpson, '13, both of whom completed
their Law course here last year, will
represent the second and fifty-seventh
districts, respectively, in the state as
sembly.
According to the latest election re
turns, H. C. Nelson, '10, and W. E.
Simpson, '13, both of whom completed
their Law course here last year, will
represent the second and fifty-seventh
districts, respectively, in the state as
sembly.
According to the latest election re
turns, H. C. Nelson, '10, and W. E.
Simpson, '13, both of whom completed
their Law course here last year, will
represent the second and fifty-seventh
districts, respectively, in the state as
sembly.
According to the latest election re
turns, H. C. Nelson, '10, and W. E.
Simpson, '13, both of whom completed
their Law course here last year, will
represent the second and fifty-seventh
districts, respectively, in the state as
sembly.
According to the latest election re
turns, H. C. Nelson, '10, and W. E.
Simpson, '13, both of whom completed
their Law course here last year, will
represent the second and fifty-seventh
districts, respectively, in the state as
sembly.
According to the latest election re
turns, H. C. Nelson, '10, and W. E.
Simpson, '13, both of whom completed
their Law course here last year, will
represent the second and fifty-seventh
districts, respectively, in the state as
sembly.
According to the latest election re
turns, H. C. Nelson, '10, and W. E.
Simpson, '13, both of whom completed
their Law course here last year, will
represent the second and fifty-seventh
districts, respectively, in the state as
sembly.
According to the latest election re
turns, H. C. Nelson, '10, and W. E.
Simpson, '13, both of whom completed
their Law course here last year, will
represent the second and fifty-seventh
districts, respectively, in the state as
sembly.
According to the latest election re
turns, H. C. Nelson, '10, and W. E.
Simpson, '13, both of whom completed
their Law course here last year, will
represent the second and fifty-seventh
districts, respectively, in the state as
sembly.
