# NOTED DIPLOMAT DIES AT OCEAN PARK HOME
## GENERAL HOMER LEA, EX-'09, FAMED AS AUTHOR. Military Leader of Chinese Was High in Secret Councils of the Emperor. 
### 
General Homer Lea, who died last I
Friday afternoon at his home in Ocean
Park, was a Stanford student in the
Department of Economics from 1897
to ISt>9. While here he was interested
in the study of military affairs and
undertook a special study of the
Chinese problem.
I'nable to graduate, on account of
ill-health, he went to China in 1899
and by undertaking the relief of Em
peror Kwang Hau in 1900-01 and
raising and commanding the second
division of the army to quell the up
rising in 1904, he was soon raised to
a position in the highest advisory
councils of the Emperor. He was
commissioned lieutenant-general and
niven the Emperor's medallion for his
services.

Recently he has been one of the
leaders of the successful Chinese
revolution, and was financial adviser
to Dr. Sun Yet Sen. He returned to
America soon after the overthrow of
the Manchu dynasty was apparent.
General Lea, who is a member of
the same Southern family as General
Robert E. Lee, is the author of the
novel "The Vermillion Pencil" and i
the drama "The Crimson Spider," |
both of which deal with the Chinese 1
and the Christian missionaries. Hb I
lias also written "The Valor of Ig- j
norance," which did much to awaken :
Americans to the importance of the .
yellow peril, and"A History of the ;
Political Development of China."
In addition to his longer works,!
articles by Lea on China and on.
modern warfare, especially the aero-!
plane and warfare, have appeared in |
many of the leading magazines during
the past few years.
General Homer Lea, who died last I
Friday afternoon at his home in Ocean
Park, was a Stanford student in the
Department of Economics from 1897
to ISt>9. While here he was interested
in the study of military affairs and
undertook a special study of the
Chinese problem.
I'nable to graduate, on account of
ill-health, he went to China in 1899
and by undertaking the relief of Em
peror Kwang Hau in 1900-01 and
raising and commanding the second
division of the army to quell the up
rising in 1904, he was soon raised to
a position in the highest advisory
councils of the Emperor. He was
commissioned lieutenant-general and
niven the Emperor's medallion for his
services.

Recently he has been one of the
leaders of the successful Chinese
revolution, and was financial adviser
to Dr. Sun Yet Sen. He returned to
America soon after the overthrow of
the Manchu dynasty was apparent.
General Lea, who is a member of
the same Southern family as General
Robert E. Lee, is the author of the
novel "The Vermillion Pencil" and i
the drama "The Crimson Spider," |
both of which deal with the Chinese 1
and the Christian missionaries. Hb I
lias also written "The Valor of Ig- j
norance," which did much to awaken :
Americans to the importance of the .
yellow peril, and"A History of the ;
Political Development of China."
In addition to his longer works,!
articles by Lea on China and on.
modern warfare, especially the aero-!
plane and warfare, have appeared in |
many of the leading magazines during
the past few years.
General Homer Lea, who died last I
Friday afternoon at his home in Ocean
Park, was a Stanford student in the
Department of Economics from 1897
to ISt>9. While here he was interested
in the study of military affairs and
undertook a special study of the
Chinese problem.
I'nable to graduate, on account of
ill-health, he went to China in 1899
and by undertaking the relief of Em
peror Kwang Hau in 1900-01 and
raising and commanding the second
division of the army to quell the up
rising in 1904, he was soon raised to
a position in the highest advisory
councils of the Emperor. He was
commissioned lieutenant-general and
niven the Emperor's medallion for his
services.

Recently he has been one of the
leaders of the successful Chinese
revolution, and was financial adviser
to Dr. Sun Yet Sen. He returned to
America soon after the overthrow of
the Manchu dynasty was apparent.
General Lea, who is a member of
the same Southern family as General
Robert E. Lee, is the author of the
novel "The Vermillion Pencil" and i
the drama "The Crimson Spider," |
both of which deal with the Chinese 1
and the Christian missionaries. Hb I
lias also written "The Valor of Ig- j
norance," which did much to awaken :
Americans to the importance of the .
yellow peril, and"A History of the ;
Political Development of China."
In addition to his longer works,!
articles by Lea on China and on.
modern warfare, especially the aero-!
plane and warfare, have appeared in |
many of the leading magazines during
the past few years.
General Homer Lea, who died last I
Friday afternoon at his home in Ocean
Park, was a Stanford student in the
Department of Economics from 1897
to ISt>9. While here he was interested
in the study of military affairs and
undertook a special study of the
Chinese problem.
I'nable to graduate, on account of
ill-health, he went to China in 1899
and by undertaking the relief of Em
peror Kwang Hau in 1900-01 and
raising and commanding the second
division of the army to quell the up
rising in 1904, he was soon raised to
a position in the highest advisory
councils of the Emperor. He was
commissioned lieutenant-general and
niven the Emperor's medallion for his
services.

Recently he has been one of the
leaders of the successful Chinese
revolution, and was financial adviser
to Dr. Sun Yet Sen. He returned to
America soon after the overthrow of
the Manchu dynasty was apparent.
General Lea, who is a member of
the same Southern family as General
Robert E. Lee, is the author of the
novel "The Vermillion Pencil" and i
the drama "The Crimson Spider," |
both of which deal with the Chinese 1
and the Christian missionaries. Hb I
lias also written "The Valor of Ig- j
norance," which did much to awaken :
Americans to the importance of the .
yellow peril, and"A History of the ;
Political Development of China."
In addition to his longer works,!
articles by Lea on China and on.
modern warfare, especially the aero-!
plane and warfare, have appeared in |
many of the leading magazines during
the past few years.
General Homer Lea, who died last I
Friday afternoon at his home in Ocean
Park, was a Stanford student in the
Department of Economics from 1897
to ISt>9. While here he was interested
in the study of military affairs and
undertook a special study of the
Chinese problem.
I'nable to graduate, on account of
ill-health, he went to China in 1899
and by undertaking the relief of Em
peror Kwang Hau in 1900-01 and
raising and commanding the second
division of the army to quell the up
rising in 1904, he was soon raised to
a position in the highest advisory
councils of the Emperor. He was
commissioned lieutenant-general and
niven the Emperor's medallion for his
services.

Recently he has been one of the
leaders of the successful Chinese
revolution, and was financial adviser
to Dr. Sun Yet Sen. He returned to
America soon after the overthrow of
the Manchu dynasty was apparent.
General Lea, who is a member of
the same Southern family as General
Robert E. Lee, is the author of the
novel "The Vermillion Pencil" and i
the drama "The Crimson Spider," |
both of which deal with the Chinese 1
and the Christian missionaries. Hb I
lias also written "The Valor of Ig- j
norance," which did much to awaken :
Americans to the importance of the .
yellow peril, and"A History of the ;
Political Development of China."
In addition to his longer works,!
articles by Lea on China and on.
modern warfare, especially the aero-!
plane and warfare, have appeared in |
many of the leading magazines during
the past few years.
General Homer Lea, who died last I
Friday afternoon at his home in Ocean
Park, was a Stanford student in the
Department of Economics from 1897
to ISt>9. While here he was interested
in the study of military affairs and
undertook a special study of the
Chinese problem.
I'nable to graduate, on account of
ill-health, he went to China in 1899
and by undertaking the relief of Em
peror Kwang Hau in 1900-01 and
raising and commanding the second
division of the army to quell the up
rising in 1904, he was soon raised to
a position in the highest advisory
councils of the Emperor. He was
commissioned lieutenant-general and
niven the Emperor's medallion for his
services.

Recently he has been one of the
leaders of the successful Chinese
revolution, and was financial adviser
to Dr. Sun Yet Sen. He returned to
America soon after the overthrow of
the Manchu dynasty was apparent.
General Lea, who is a member of
the same Southern family as General
Robert E. Lee, is the author of the
novel "The Vermillion Pencil" and i
the drama "The Crimson Spider," |
both of which deal with the Chinese 1
and the Christian missionaries. Hb I
lias also written "The Valor of Ig- j
norance," which did much to awaken :
Americans to the importance of the .
yellow peril, and"A History of the ;
Political Development of China."
In addition to his longer works,!
articles by Lea on China and on.
modern warfare, especially the aero-!
plane and warfare, have appeared in |
many of the leading magazines during
the past few years.
General Homer Lea, who died last I
Friday afternoon at his home in Ocean
Park, was a Stanford student in the
Department of Economics from 1897
to ISt>9. While here he was interested
in the study of military affairs and
undertook a special study of the
Chinese problem.
I'nable to graduate, on account of
ill-health, he went to China in 1899
and by undertaking the relief of Em
peror Kwang Hau in 1900-01 and
raising and commanding the second
division of the army to quell the up
rising in 1904, he was soon raised to
a position in the highest advisory
councils of the Emperor. He was
commissioned lieutenant-general and
niven the Emperor's medallion for his
services.

Recently he has been one of the
leaders of the successful Chinese
revolution, and was financial adviser
to Dr. Sun Yet Sen. He returned to
America soon after the overthrow of
the Manchu dynasty was apparent.
General Lea, who is a member of
the same Southern family as General
Robert E. Lee, is the author of the
novel "The Vermillion Pencil" and i
the drama "The Crimson Spider," |
both of which deal with the Chinese 1
and the Christian missionaries. Hb I
lias also written "The Valor of Ig- j
norance," which did much to awaken :
Americans to the importance of the .
yellow peril, and"A History of the ;
Political Development of China."
In addition to his longer works,!
articles by Lea on China and on.
modern warfare, especially the aero-!
plane and warfare, have appeared in |
many of the leading magazines during
the past few years.
General Homer Lea, who died last I
Friday afternoon at his home in Ocean
Park, was a Stanford student in the
Department of Economics from 1897
to ISt>9. While here he was interested
in the study of military affairs and
undertook a special study of the
Chinese problem.
I'nable to graduate, on account of
ill-health, he went to China in 1899
and by undertaking the relief of Em
peror Kwang Hau in 1900-01 and
raising and commanding the second
division of the army to quell the up
rising in 1904, he was soon raised to
a position in the highest advisory
councils of the Emperor. He was
commissioned lieutenant-general and
niven the Emperor's medallion for his
services.

Recently he has been one of the
leaders of the successful Chinese
revolution, and was financial adviser
to Dr. Sun Yet Sen. He returned to
America soon after the overthrow of
the Manchu dynasty was apparent.
General Lea, who is a member of
the same Southern family as General
Robert E. Lee, is the author of the
novel "The Vermillion Pencil" and i
the drama "The Crimson Spider," |
both of which deal with the Chinese 1
and the Christian missionaries. Hb I
lias also written "The Valor of Ig- j
norance," which did much to awaken :
Americans to the importance of the .
yellow peril, and"A History of the ;
Political Development of China."
In addition to his longer works,!
articles by Lea on China and on.
modern warfare, especially the aero-!
plane and warfare, have appeared in |
many of the leading magazines during
the past few years.
General Homer Lea, who died last I
Friday afternoon at his home in Ocean
Park, was a Stanford student in the
Department of Economics from 1897
to ISt>9. While here he was interested
in the study of military affairs and
undertook a special study of the
Chinese problem.
I'nable to graduate, on account of
ill-health, he went to China in 1899
and by undertaking the relief of Em
peror Kwang Hau in 1900-01 and
raising and commanding the second
division of the army to quell the up
rising in 1904, he was soon raised to
a position in the highest advisory
councils of the Emperor. He was
commissioned lieutenant-general and
niven the Emperor's medallion for his
services.

Recently he has been one of the
leaders of the successful Chinese
revolution, and was financial adviser
to Dr. Sun Yet Sen. He returned to
America soon after the overthrow of
the Manchu dynasty was apparent.
General Lea, who is a member of
the same Southern family as General
Robert E. Lee, is the author of the
novel "The Vermillion Pencil" and i
the drama "The Crimson Spider," |
both of which deal with the Chinese 1
and the Christian missionaries. Hb I
lias also written "The Valor of Ig- j
norance," which did much to awaken :
Americans to the importance of the .
yellow peril, and"A History of the ;
Political Development of China."
In addition to his longer works,!
articles by Lea on China and on.
modern warfare, especially the aero-!
plane and warfare, have appeared in |
many of the leading magazines during
the past few years.
General Homer Lea, who died last I
Friday afternoon at his home in Ocean
Park, was a Stanford student in the
Department of Economics from 1897
to ISt>9. While here he was interested
in the study of military affairs and
undertook a special study of the
Chinese problem.
I'nable to graduate, on account of
ill-health, he went to China in 1899
and by undertaking the relief of Em
peror Kwang Hau in 1900-01 and
raising and commanding the second
division of the army to quell the up
rising in 1904, he was soon raised to
a position in the highest advisory
councils of the Emperor. He was
commissioned lieutenant-general and
niven the Emperor's medallion for his
services.

Recently he has been one of the
leaders of the successful Chinese
revolution, and was financial adviser
to Dr. Sun Yet Sen. He returned to
America soon after the overthrow of
the Manchu dynasty was apparent.
General Lea, who is a member of
the same Southern family as General
Robert E. Lee, is the author of the
novel "The Vermillion Pencil" and i
the drama "The Crimson Spider," |
both of which deal with the Chinese 1
and the Christian missionaries. Hb I
lias also written "The Valor of Ig- j
norance," which did much to awaken :
Americans to the importance of the .
yellow peril, and"A History of the ;
Political Development of China."
In addition to his longer works,!
articles by Lea on China and on.
modern warfare, especially the aero-!
plane and warfare, have appeared in |
many of the leading magazines during
the past few years.
General Homer Lea, who died last I
Friday afternoon at his home in Ocean
Park, was a Stanford student in the
Department of Economics from 1897
to ISt>9. While here he was interested
in the study of military affairs and
undertook a special study of the
Chinese problem.
I'nable to graduate, on account of
ill-health, he went to China in 1899
and by undertaking the relief of Em
peror Kwang Hau in 1900-01 and
raising and commanding the second
division of the army to quell the up
rising in 1904, he was soon raised to
a position in the highest advisory
councils of the Emperor. He was
commissioned lieutenant-general and
niven the Emperor's medallion for his
services.

Recently he has been one of the
leaders of the successful Chinese
revolution, and was financial adviser
to Dr. Sun Yet Sen. He returned to
America soon after the overthrow of
the Manchu dynasty was apparent.
General Lea, who is a member of
the same Southern family as General
Robert E. Lee, is the author of the
novel "The Vermillion Pencil" and i
the drama "The Crimson Spider," |
both of which deal with the Chinese 1
and the Christian missionaries. Hb I
lias also written "The Valor of Ig- j
norance," which did much to awaken :
Americans to the importance of the .
yellow peril, and"A History of the ;
Political Development of China."
In addition to his longer works,!
articles by Lea on China and on.
modern warfare, especially the aero-!
plane and warfare, have appeared in |
many of the leading magazines during
the past few years.
General Homer Lea, who died last I
Friday afternoon at his home in Ocean
Park, was a Stanford student in the
Department of Economics from 1897
to ISt>9. While here he was interested
in the study of military affairs and
undertook a special study of the
Chinese problem.
I'nable to graduate, on account of
ill-health, he went to China in 1899
and by undertaking the relief of Em
peror Kwang Hau in 1900-01 and
raising and commanding the second
division of the army to quell the up
rising in 1904, he was soon raised to
a position in the highest advisory
councils of the Emperor. He was
commissioned lieutenant-general and
niven the Emperor's medallion for his
services.

Recently he has been one of the
leaders of the successful Chinese
revolution, and was financial adviser
to Dr. Sun Yet Sen. He returned to
America soon after the overthrow of
the Manchu dynasty was apparent.
General Lea, who is a member of
the same Southern family as General
Robert E. Lee, is the author of the
novel "The Vermillion Pencil" and i
the drama "The Crimson Spider," |
both of which deal with the Chinese 1
and the Christian missionaries. Hb I
lias also written "The Valor of Ig- j
norance," which did much to awaken :
Americans to the importance of the .
yellow peril, and"A History of the ;
Political Development of China."
In addition to his longer works,!
articles by Lea on China and on.
modern warfare, especially the aero-!
plane and warfare, have appeared in |
many of the leading magazines during
the past few years.
General Homer Lea, who died last I
Friday afternoon at his home in Ocean
Park, was a Stanford student in the
Department of Economics from 1897
to ISt>9. While here he was interested
in the study of military affairs and
undertook a special study of the
Chinese problem.
I'nable to graduate, on account of
ill-health, he went to China in 1899
and by undertaking the relief of Em
peror Kwang Hau in 1900-01 and
raising and commanding the second
division of the army to quell the up
rising in 1904, he was soon raised to
a position in the highest advisory
councils of the Emperor. He was
commissioned lieutenant-general and
niven the Emperor's medallion for his
services.

Recently he has been one of the
leaders of the successful Chinese
revolution, and was financial adviser
to Dr. Sun Yet Sen. He returned to
America soon after the overthrow of
the Manchu dynasty was apparent.
General Lea, who is a member of
the same Southern family as General
Robert E. Lee, is the author of the
novel "The Vermillion Pencil" and i
the drama "The Crimson Spider," |
both of which deal with the Chinese 1
and the Christian missionaries. Hb I
lias also written "The Valor of Ig- j
norance," which did much to awaken :
Americans to the importance of the .
yellow peril, and"A History of the ;
Political Development of China."
In addition to his longer works,!
articles by Lea on China and on.
modern warfare, especially the aero-!
plane and warfare, have appeared in |
many of the leading magazines during
the past few years.
