# Request.
## 
### 
Acting on a complaint from the
Management of the Jewel Theatre, the
Student Council requests the students
to refrain from ungentlemanly and
boisterous conduct. Further com
plaint will be considered sufficient
cause for action.
Acting on a complaint from the
Management of the Jewel Theatre, the
Student Council requests the students
to refrain from ungentlemanly and
boisterous conduct. Further com
plaint will be considered sufficient
cause for action.
Acting on a complaint from the
Management of the Jewel Theatre, the
Student Council requests the students
to refrain from ungentlemanly and
boisterous conduct. Further com
plaint will be considered sufficient
cause for action.
Acting on a complaint from the
Management of the Jewel Theatre, the
Student Council requests the students
to refrain from ungentlemanly and
boisterous conduct. Further com
plaint will be considered sufficient
cause for action.
Acting on a complaint from the
Management of the Jewel Theatre, the
Student Council requests the students
to refrain from ungentlemanly and
boisterous conduct. Further com
plaint will be considered sufficient
cause for action.
Acting on a complaint from the
Management of the Jewel Theatre, the
Student Council requests the students
to refrain from ungentlemanly and
boisterous conduct. Further com
plaint will be considered sufficient
cause for action.
Acting on a complaint from the
Management of the Jewel Theatre, the
Student Council requests the students
to refrain from ungentlemanly and
boisterous conduct. Further com
plaint will be considered sufficient
cause for action.
Acting on a complaint from the
Management of the Jewel Theatre, the
Student Council requests the students
to refrain from ungentlemanly and
boisterous conduct. Further com
plaint will be considered sufficient
cause for action.
Acting on a complaint from the
Management of the Jewel Theatre, the
Student Council requests the students
to refrain from ungentlemanly and
boisterous conduct. Further com
plaint will be considered sufficient
cause for action.
Acting on a complaint from the
Management of the Jewel Theatre, the
Student Council requests the students
to refrain from ungentlemanly and
boisterous conduct. Further com
plaint will be considered sufficient
cause for action.
Acting on a complaint from the
Management of the Jewel Theatre, the
Student Council requests the students
to refrain from ungentlemanly and
boisterous conduct. Further com
plaint will be considered sufficient
cause for action.
Acting on a complaint from the
Management of the Jewel Theatre, the
Student Council requests the students
to refrain from ungentlemanly and
boisterous conduct. Further com
plaint will be considered sufficient
cause for action.
Acting on a complaint from the
Management of the Jewel Theatre, the
Student Council requests the students
to refrain from ungentlemanly and
boisterous conduct. Further com
plaint will be considered sufficient
cause for action.
