# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The women at the University of Wis
consin are asking for a women's ath
letic field.
The women at the University of Wis
consin are asking for a women's ath
letic field.
The women at the University of Wis
consin are asking for a women's ath
letic field.
The women at the University of Wis
consin are asking for a women's ath
letic field.
The women at the University of Wis
consin are asking for a women's ath
letic field.
The women at the University of Wis
consin are asking for a women's ath
letic field.
The women at the University of Wis
consin are asking for a women's ath
letic field.
The women at the University of Wis
consin are asking for a women's ath
letic field.
The women at the University of Wis
consin are asking for a women's ath
letic field.
The women at the University of Wis
consin are asking for a women's ath
letic field.
The women at the University of Wis
consin are asking for a women's ath
letic field.
The women at the University of Wis
consin are asking for a women's ath
letic field.
The women at the University of Wis
consin are asking for a women's ath
letic field.
