# Big Game Special Trains.
## 
### 
The Southern Pacific will run two
special trains from Palo Alto to San
Francisco, Saturday morning, for the
nig Game. The first special will leave
at 8:45 o'clock and the second at 9.
The Southern Pacific will run two
special trains from Palo Alto to San
Francisco, Saturday morning, for the
nig Game. The first special will leave
at 8:45 o'clock and the second at 9.
The Southern Pacific will run two
special trains from Palo Alto to San
Francisco, Saturday morning, for the
nig Game. The first special will leave
at 8:45 o'clock and the second at 9.
The Southern Pacific will run two
special trains from Palo Alto to San
Francisco, Saturday morning, for the
nig Game. The first special will leave
at 8:45 o'clock and the second at 9.
The Southern Pacific will run two
special trains from Palo Alto to San
Francisco, Saturday morning, for the
nig Game. The first special will leave
at 8:45 o'clock and the second at 9.
The Southern Pacific will run two
special trains from Palo Alto to San
Francisco, Saturday morning, for the
nig Game. The first special will leave
at 8:45 o'clock and the second at 9.
The Southern Pacific will run two
special trains from Palo Alto to San
Francisco, Saturday morning, for the
nig Game. The first special will leave
at 8:45 o'clock and the second at 9.
The Southern Pacific will run two
special trains from Palo Alto to San
Francisco, Saturday morning, for the
nig Game. The first special will leave
at 8:45 o'clock and the second at 9.
The Southern Pacific will run two
special trains from Palo Alto to San
Francisco, Saturday morning, for the
nig Game. The first special will leave
at 8:45 o'clock and the second at 9.
The Southern Pacific will run two
special trains from Palo Alto to San
Francisco, Saturday morning, for the
nig Game. The first special will leave
at 8:45 o'clock and the second at 9.
The Southern Pacific will run two
special trains from Palo Alto to San
Francisco, Saturday morning, for the
nig Game. The first special will leave
at 8:45 o'clock and the second at 9.
The Southern Pacific will run two
special trains from Palo Alto to San
Francisco, Saturday morning, for the
nig Game. The first special will leave
at 8:45 o'clock and the second at 9.
The Southern Pacific will run two
special trains from Palo Alto to San
Francisco, Saturday morning, for the
nig Game. The first special will leave
at 8:45 o'clock and the second at 9.
