# Ushers Requested
## 
### 
The ASSU Concert Series still
needs ushers for the Kavoch-Ra
bovsky ballet performance this
Saturday at 8:15 p.m. Interested
students should apply at the Con
ceit Series office in the Nitery
from 1 to 5 p.m.
The ASSU Concert Series still
needs ushers for the Kavoch-Ra
bovsky ballet performance this
Saturday at 8:15 p.m. Interested
students should apply at the Con
ceit Series office in the Nitery
from 1 to 5 p.m.
The ASSU Concert Series still
needs ushers for the Kavoch-Ra
bovsky ballet performance this
Saturday at 8:15 p.m. Interested
students should apply at the Con
ceit Series office in the Nitery
from 1 to 5 p.m.
The ASSU Concert Series still
needs ushers for the Kavoch-Ra
bovsky ballet performance this
Saturday at 8:15 p.m. Interested
students should apply at the Con
ceit Series office in the Nitery
from 1 to 5 p.m.
The ASSU Concert Series still
needs ushers for the Kavoch-Ra
bovsky ballet performance this
Saturday at 8:15 p.m. Interested
students should apply at the Con
ceit Series office in the Nitery
from 1 to 5 p.m.
The ASSU Concert Series still
needs ushers for the Kavoch-Ra
bovsky ballet performance this
Saturday at 8:15 p.m. Interested
students should apply at the Con
ceit Series office in the Nitery
from 1 to 5 p.m.
The ASSU Concert Series still
needs ushers for the Kavoch-Ra
bovsky ballet performance this
Saturday at 8:15 p.m. Interested
students should apply at the Con
ceit Series office in the Nitery
from 1 to 5 p.m.
The ASSU Concert Series still
needs ushers for the Kavoch-Ra
bovsky ballet performance this
Saturday at 8:15 p.m. Interested
students should apply at the Con
ceit Series office in the Nitery
from 1 to 5 p.m.
The ASSU Concert Series still
needs ushers for the Kavoch-Ra
bovsky ballet performance this
Saturday at 8:15 p.m. Interested
students should apply at the Con
ceit Series office in the Nitery
from 1 to 5 p.m.
The ASSU Concert Series still
needs ushers for the Kavoch-Ra
bovsky ballet performance this
Saturday at 8:15 p.m. Interested
students should apply at the Con
ceit Series office in the Nitery
from 1 to 5 p.m.
The ASSU Concert Series still
needs ushers for the Kavoch-Ra
bovsky ballet performance this
Saturday at 8:15 p.m. Interested
students should apply at the Con
ceit Series office in the Nitery
from 1 to 5 p.m.
The ASSU Concert Series still
needs ushers for the Kavoch-Ra
bovsky ballet performance this
Saturday at 8:15 p.m. Interested
students should apply at the Con
ceit Series office in the Nitery
from 1 to 5 p.m.
The ASSU Concert Series still
needs ushers for the Kavoch-Ra
bovsky ballet performance this
Saturday at 8:15 p.m. Interested
students should apply at the Con
ceit Series office in the Nitery
from 1 to 5 p.m.
The ASSU Concert Series still
needs ushers for the Kavoch-Ra
bovsky ballet performance this
Saturday at 8:15 p.m. Interested
students should apply at the Con
ceit Series office in the Nitery
from 1 to 5 p.m.
The ASSU Concert Series still
needs ushers for the Kavoch-Ra
bovsky ballet performance this
Saturday at 8:15 p.m. Interested
students should apply at the Con
ceit Series office in the Nitery
from 1 to 5 p.m.
The ASSU Concert Series still
needs ushers for the Kavoch-Ra
bovsky ballet performance this
Saturday at 8:15 p.m. Interested
students should apply at the Con
ceit Series office in the Nitery
from 1 to 5 p.m.
