# Symphony Tickets Offered for Sale
## 
### 
Regular admission tickets are
on sale today for the San Fran
cisco Symphony.
Students who were unable to
procure special rate tickets may
purchase regular season tickets
at the Sherman, Clay box office
or at the regular Bay Area agen
cies.
The 1957-58 series, consisting
of 54 Opera House concerts, will
be inaugurated on Dec. 4 with di
rector Enrique Jordft on the po
dium.
Regular admission tickets are
on sale today for the San Fran
cisco Symphony.
Students who were unable to
procure special rate tickets may
purchase regular season tickets
at the Sherman, Clay box office
or at the regular Bay Area agen
cies.
The 1957-58 series, consisting
of 54 Opera House concerts, will
be inaugurated on Dec. 4 with di
rector Enrique Jordft on the po
dium.
Regular admission tickets are
on sale today for the San Fran
cisco Symphony.
Students who were unable to
procure special rate tickets may
purchase regular season tickets
at the Sherman, Clay box office
or at the regular Bay Area agen
cies.
The 1957-58 series, consisting
of 54 Opera House concerts, will
be inaugurated on Dec. 4 with di
rector Enrique Jordft on the po
dium.
Regular admission tickets are
on sale today for the San Fran
cisco Symphony.
Students who were unable to
procure special rate tickets may
purchase regular season tickets
at the Sherman, Clay box office
or at the regular Bay Area agen
cies.
The 1957-58 series, consisting
of 54 Opera House concerts, will
be inaugurated on Dec. 4 with di
rector Enrique Jordft on the po
dium.
Regular admission tickets are
on sale today for the San Fran
cisco Symphony.
Students who were unable to
procure special rate tickets may
purchase regular season tickets
at the Sherman, Clay box office
or at the regular Bay Area agen
cies.
The 1957-58 series, consisting
of 54 Opera House concerts, will
be inaugurated on Dec. 4 with di
rector Enrique Jordft on the po
dium.
Regular admission tickets are
on sale today for the San Fran
cisco Symphony.
Students who were unable to
procure special rate tickets may
purchase regular season tickets
at the Sherman, Clay box office
or at the regular Bay Area agen
cies.
The 1957-58 series, consisting
of 54 Opera House concerts, will
be inaugurated on Dec. 4 with di
rector Enrique Jordft on the po
dium.
Regular admission tickets are
on sale today for the San Fran
cisco Symphony.
Students who were unable to
procure special rate tickets may
purchase regular season tickets
at the Sherman, Clay box office
or at the regular Bay Area agen
cies.
The 1957-58 series, consisting
of 54 Opera House concerts, will
be inaugurated on Dec. 4 with di
rector Enrique Jordft on the po
dium.
Regular admission tickets are
on sale today for the San Fran
cisco Symphony.
Students who were unable to
procure special rate tickets may
purchase regular season tickets
at the Sherman, Clay box office
or at the regular Bay Area agen
cies.
The 1957-58 series, consisting
of 54 Opera House concerts, will
be inaugurated on Dec. 4 with di
rector Enrique Jordft on the po
dium.
Regular admission tickets are
on sale today for the San Fran
cisco Symphony.
Students who were unable to
procure special rate tickets may
purchase regular season tickets
at the Sherman, Clay box office
or at the regular Bay Area agen
cies.
The 1957-58 series, consisting
of 54 Opera House concerts, will
be inaugurated on Dec. 4 with di
rector Enrique Jordft on the po
dium.
Regular admission tickets are
on sale today for the San Fran
cisco Symphony.
Students who were unable to
procure special rate tickets may
purchase regular season tickets
at the Sherman, Clay box office
or at the regular Bay Area agen
cies.
The 1957-58 series, consisting
of 54 Opera House concerts, will
be inaugurated on Dec. 4 with di
rector Enrique Jordft on the po
dium.
Regular admission tickets are
on sale today for the San Fran
cisco Symphony.
Students who were unable to
procure special rate tickets may
purchase regular season tickets
at the Sherman, Clay box office
or at the regular Bay Area agen
cies.
The 1957-58 series, consisting
of 54 Opera House concerts, will
be inaugurated on Dec. 4 with di
rector Enrique Jordft on the po
dium.
Regular admission tickets are
on sale today for the San Fran
cisco Symphony.
Students who were unable to
procure special rate tickets may
purchase regular season tickets
at the Sherman, Clay box office
or at the regular Bay Area agen
cies.
The 1957-58 series, consisting
of 54 Opera House concerts, will
be inaugurated on Dec. 4 with di
rector Enrique Jordft on the po
dium.
Regular admission tickets are
on sale today for the San Fran
cisco Symphony.
Students who were unable to
procure special rate tickets may
purchase regular season tickets
at the Sherman, Clay box office
or at the regular Bay Area agen
cies.
The 1957-58 series, consisting
of 54 Opera House concerts, will
be inaugurated on Dec. 4 with di
rector Enrique Jordft on the po
dium.
Regular admission tickets are
on sale today for the San Fran
cisco Symphony.
Students who were unable to
procure special rate tickets may
purchase regular season tickets
at the Sherman, Clay box office
or at the regular Bay Area agen
cies.
The 1957-58 series, consisting
of 54 Opera House concerts, will
be inaugurated on Dec. 4 with di
rector Enrique Jordft on the po
dium.
Regular admission tickets are
on sale today for the San Fran
cisco Symphony.
Students who were unable to
procure special rate tickets may
purchase regular season tickets
at the Sherman, Clay box office
or at the regular Bay Area agen
cies.
The 1957-58 series, consisting
of 54 Opera House concerts, will
be inaugurated on Dec. 4 with di
rector Enrique Jordft on the po
dium.
Regular admission tickets are
on sale today for the San Fran
cisco Symphony.
Students who were unable to
procure special rate tickets may
purchase regular season tickets
at the Sherman, Clay box office
or at the regular Bay Area agen
cies.
The 1957-58 series, consisting
of 54 Opera House concerts, will
be inaugurated on Dec. 4 with di
rector Enrique Jordft on the po
dium.
