# Lyman to speak on South Africa
## 
### Joel Dickholtz 
President Richard Lyman will
present his "Impressions of a re
cent trip to South Africa" on
Aug. 10, as part of the Stanford
Alumni Association's Summer
Alumni College.
The conference, entitled "The
African Mosaic: the Nature of
African Thought," will examine
the past, the present and the fu
ture of Africa.
There will be a wide range of
speakers at the conference: Paul
Bomani, Tanzanian ambassador
to the United States; James
Cibbs, professor of anthropol
ogy and former dean of under
graduate studies, who will act as
dean of the college and will
speak on the influence of tradi
tional African thought on con
temporary Africa; David Aber
nethy, associate professor of
political science and associate
dean of undergraduate studies,
who will lecture on the de
velopment of African political
thought; Peter Duignan, curator
of the African and Middle East
collections at Hoover Institu
tion, who will discuss Africa's
colonial experience and the ef
fect on Africa of increased con
tact with the rest of the world;
and Kennell Jackson, associate
professor of history, who will
discuss how African societies
view their past and what use they
have made of the history of Afri

can emergence.
"It's an intensive 10-day
chance for participants to get
acquainted with Africa," said
Julies Rogers of Bowman Alumni
House.
Rogers added that one aspect
of African culture would be
brought to those attending with
the inclusion of some African
meals on the program.
Registration for "The African
Mosaic," which takes place to
day, is open to Stanford Alumni
and to the public.
Students will live in Roble
Hall, and attendance to lectures
and functions is limited to those
who are registered.
President Richard Lyman will
present his "Impressions of a re
cent trip to South Africa" on
Aug. 10, as part of the Stanford
Alumni Association's Summer
Alumni College.
The conference, entitled "The
African Mosaic: the Nature of
African Thought," will examine
the past, the present and the fu
ture of Africa.
There will be a wide range of
speakers at the conference: Paul
Bomani, Tanzanian ambassador
to the United States; James
Cibbs, professor of anthropol
ogy and former dean of under
graduate studies, who will act as
dean of the college and will
speak on the influence of tradi
tional African thought on con
temporary Africa; David Aber
nethy, associate professor of
political science and associate
dean of undergraduate studies,
who will lecture on the de
velopment of African political
thought; Peter Duignan, curator
of the African and Middle East
collections at Hoover Institu
tion, who will discuss Africa's
colonial experience and the ef
fect on Africa of increased con
tact with the rest of the world;
and Kennell Jackson, associate
professor of history, who will
discuss how African societies
view their past and what use they
have made of the history of Afri

can emergence.
"It's an intensive 10-day
chance for participants to get
acquainted with Africa," said
Julies Rogers of Bowman Alumni
House.
Rogers added that one aspect
of African culture would be
brought to those attending with
the inclusion of some African
meals on the program.
Registration for "The African
Mosaic," which takes place to
day, is open to Stanford Alumni
and to the public.
Students will live in Roble
Hall, and attendance to lectures
and functions is limited to those
who are registered.
President Richard Lyman will
present his "Impressions of a re
cent trip to South Africa" on
Aug. 10, as part of the Stanford
Alumni Association's Summer
Alumni College.
The conference, entitled "The
African Mosaic: the Nature of
African Thought," will examine
the past, the present and the fu
ture of Africa.
There will be a wide range of
speakers at the conference: Paul
Bomani, Tanzanian ambassador
to the United States; James
Cibbs, professor of anthropol
ogy and former dean of under
graduate studies, who will act as
dean of the college and will
speak on the influence of tradi
tional African thought on con
temporary Africa; David Aber
nethy, associate professor of
political science and associate
dean of undergraduate studies,
who will lecture on the de
velopment of African political
thought; Peter Duignan, curator
of the African and Middle East
collections at Hoover Institu
tion, who will discuss Africa's
colonial experience and the ef
fect on Africa of increased con
tact with the rest of the world;
and Kennell Jackson, associate
professor of history, who will
discuss how African societies
view their past and what use they
have made of the history of Afri

can emergence.
"It's an intensive 10-day
chance for participants to get
acquainted with Africa," said
Julies Rogers of Bowman Alumni
House.
Rogers added that one aspect
of African culture would be
brought to those attending with
the inclusion of some African
meals on the program.
Registration for "The African
Mosaic," which takes place to
day, is open to Stanford Alumni
and to the public.
Students will live in Roble
Hall, and attendance to lectures
and functions is limited to those
who are registered.
President Richard Lyman will
present his "Impressions of a re
cent trip to South Africa" on
Aug. 10, as part of the Stanford
Alumni Association's Summer
Alumni College.
The conference, entitled "The
African Mosaic: the Nature of
African Thought," will examine
the past, the present and the fu
ture of Africa.
There will be a wide range of
speakers at the conference: Paul
Bomani, Tanzanian ambassador
to the United States; James
Cibbs, professor of anthropol
ogy and former dean of under
graduate studies, who will act as
dean of the college and will
speak on the influence of tradi
tional African thought on con
temporary Africa; David Aber
nethy, associate professor of
political science and associate
dean of undergraduate studies,
who will lecture on the de
velopment of African political
thought; Peter Duignan, curator
of the African and Middle East
collections at Hoover Institu
tion, who will discuss Africa's
colonial experience and the ef
fect on Africa of increased con
tact with the rest of the world;
and Kennell Jackson, associate
professor of history, who will
discuss how African societies
view their past and what use they
have made of the history of Afri

can emergence.
"It's an intensive 10-day
chance for participants to get
acquainted with Africa," said
Julies Rogers of Bowman Alumni
House.
Rogers added that one aspect
of African culture would be
brought to those attending with
the inclusion of some African
meals on the program.
Registration for "The African
Mosaic," which takes place to
day, is open to Stanford Alumni
and to the public.
Students will live in Roble
Hall, and attendance to lectures
and functions is limited to those
who are registered.
President Richard Lyman will
present his "Impressions of a re
cent trip to South Africa" on
Aug. 10, as part of the Stanford
Alumni Association's Summer
Alumni College.
The conference, entitled "The
African Mosaic: the Nature of
African Thought," will examine
the past, the present and the fu
ture of Africa.
There will be a wide range of
speakers at the conference: Paul
Bomani, Tanzanian ambassador
to the United States; James
Cibbs, professor of anthropol
ogy and former dean of under
graduate studies, who will act as
dean of the college and will
speak on the influence of tradi
tional African thought on con
temporary Africa; David Aber
nethy, associate professor of
political science and associate
dean of undergraduate studies,
who will lecture on the de
velopment of African political
thought; Peter Duignan, curator
of the African and Middle East
collections at Hoover Institu
tion, who will discuss Africa's
colonial experience and the ef
fect on Africa of increased con
tact with the rest of the world;
and Kennell Jackson, associate
professor of history, who will
discuss how African societies
view their past and what use they
have made of the history of Afri

can emergence.
"It's an intensive 10-day
chance for participants to get
acquainted with Africa," said
Julies Rogers of Bowman Alumni
House.
Rogers added that one aspect
of African culture would be
brought to those attending with
the inclusion of some African
meals on the program.
Registration for "The African
Mosaic," which takes place to
day, is open to Stanford Alumni
and to the public.
Students will live in Roble
Hall, and attendance to lectures
and functions is limited to those
who are registered.
President Richard Lyman will
present his "Impressions of a re
cent trip to South Africa" on
Aug. 10, as part of the Stanford
Alumni Association's Summer
Alumni College.
The conference, entitled "The
African Mosaic: the Nature of
African Thought," will examine
the past, the present and the fu
ture of Africa.
There will be a wide range of
speakers at the conference: Paul
Bomani, Tanzanian ambassador
to the United States; James
Cibbs, professor of anthropol
ogy and former dean of under
graduate studies, who will act as
dean of the college and will
speak on the influence of tradi
tional African thought on con
temporary Africa; David Aber
nethy, associate professor of
political science and associate
dean of undergraduate studies,
who will lecture on the de
velopment of African political
thought; Peter Duignan, curator
of the African and Middle East
collections at Hoover Institu
tion, who will discuss Africa's
colonial experience and the ef
fect on Africa of increased con
tact with the rest of the world;
and Kennell Jackson, associate
professor of history, who will
discuss how African societies
view their past and what use they
have made of the history of Afri

can emergence.
"It's an intensive 10-day
chance for participants to get
acquainted with Africa," said
Julies Rogers of Bowman Alumni
House.
Rogers added that one aspect
of African culture would be
brought to those attending with
the inclusion of some African
meals on the program.
Registration for "The African
Mosaic," which takes place to
day, is open to Stanford Alumni
and to the public.
Students will live in Roble
Hall, and attendance to lectures
and functions is limited to those
who are registered.
President Richard Lyman will
present his "Impressions of a re
cent trip to South Africa" on
Aug. 10, as part of the Stanford
Alumni Association's Summer
Alumni College.
The conference, entitled "The
African Mosaic: the Nature of
African Thought," will examine
the past, the present and the fu
ture of Africa.
There will be a wide range of
speakers at the conference: Paul
Bomani, Tanzanian ambassador
to the United States; James
Cibbs, professor of anthropol
ogy and former dean of under
graduate studies, who will act as
dean of the college and will
speak on the influence of tradi
tional African thought on con
temporary Africa; David Aber
nethy, associate professor of
political science and associate
dean of undergraduate studies,
who will lecture on the de
velopment of African political
thought; Peter Duignan, curator
of the African and Middle East
collections at Hoover Institu
tion, who will discuss Africa's
colonial experience and the ef
fect on Africa of increased con
tact with the rest of the world;
and Kennell Jackson, associate
professor of history, who will
discuss how African societies
view their past and what use they
have made of the history of Afri

can emergence.
"It's an intensive 10-day
chance for participants to get
acquainted with Africa," said
Julies Rogers of Bowman Alumni
House.
Rogers added that one aspect
of African culture would be
brought to those attending with
the inclusion of some African
meals on the program.
Registration for "The African
Mosaic," which takes place to
day, is open to Stanford Alumni
and to the public.
Students will live in Roble
Hall, and attendance to lectures
and functions is limited to those
who are registered.
President Richard Lyman will
present his "Impressions of a re
cent trip to South Africa" on
Aug. 10, as part of the Stanford
Alumni Association's Summer
Alumni College.
The conference, entitled "The
African Mosaic: the Nature of
African Thought," will examine
the past, the present and the fu
ture of Africa.
There will be a wide range of
speakers at the conference: Paul
Bomani, Tanzanian ambassador
to the United States; James
Cibbs, professor of anthropol
ogy and former dean of under
graduate studies, who will act as
dean of the college and will
speak on the influence of tradi
tional African thought on con
temporary Africa; David Aber
nethy, associate professor of
political science and associate
dean of undergraduate studies,
who will lecture on the de
velopment of African political
thought; Peter Duignan, curator
of the African and Middle East
collections at Hoover Institu
tion, who will discuss Africa's
colonial experience and the ef
fect on Africa of increased con
tact with the rest of the world;
and Kennell Jackson, associate
professor of history, who will
discuss how African societies
view their past and what use they
have made of the history of Afri

can emergence.
"It's an intensive 10-day
chance for participants to get
acquainted with Africa," said
Julies Rogers of Bowman Alumni
House.
Rogers added that one aspect
of African culture would be
brought to those attending with
the inclusion of some African
meals on the program.
Registration for "The African
Mosaic," which takes place to
day, is open to Stanford Alumni
and to the public.
Students will live in Roble
Hall, and attendance to lectures
and functions is limited to those
who are registered.
