# Play for Reg Dance
## 
### 
"Artists In Rhythm," an 18-pieee student band directed by Lanny
Merrill, will play for tonight's Reg Dance —a "street dance" in the
Pavilion. The first street dance in Stanford history was to be held
in front of Memorial Auditorium but was changed to the Pavilion
because of predicted rain, according to co-chairmen Sally Drinker
and Clyde Wyant. The street dance motif will be retained, they
said. Tickets, at 25 cents per couple, will be on sale today at the
Pavilion.

"Artists In Rhythm," an 18-pieee student band directed by Lanny
Merrill, will play for tonight's Reg Dance —a "street dance" in the
Pavilion. The first street dance in Stanford history was to be held
in front of Memorial Auditorium but was changed to the Pavilion
because of predicted rain, according to co-chairmen Sally Drinker
and Clyde Wyant. The street dance motif will be retained, they
said. Tickets, at 25 cents per couple, will be on sale today at the
Pavilion.

"Artists In Rhythm," an 18-pieee student band directed by Lanny
Merrill, will play for tonight's Reg Dance —a "street dance" in the
Pavilion. The first street dance in Stanford history was to be held
in front of Memorial Auditorium but was changed to the Pavilion
because of predicted rain, according to co-chairmen Sally Drinker
and Clyde Wyant. The street dance motif will be retained, they
said. Tickets, at 25 cents per couple, will be on sale today at the
Pavilion.

"Artists In Rhythm," an 18-pieee student band directed by Lanny
Merrill, will play for tonight's Reg Dance —a "street dance" in the
Pavilion. The first street dance in Stanford history was to be held
in front of Memorial Auditorium but was changed to the Pavilion
because of predicted rain, according to co-chairmen Sally Drinker
and Clyde Wyant. The street dance motif will be retained, they
said. Tickets, at 25 cents per couple, will be on sale today at the
Pavilion.

"Artists In Rhythm," an 18-pieee student band directed by Lanny
Merrill, will play for tonight's Reg Dance —a "street dance" in the
Pavilion. The first street dance in Stanford history was to be held
in front of Memorial Auditorium but was changed to the Pavilion
because of predicted rain, according to co-chairmen Sally Drinker
and Clyde Wyant. The street dance motif will be retained, they
said. Tickets, at 25 cents per couple, will be on sale today at the
Pavilion.

"Artists In Rhythm," an 18-pieee student band directed by Lanny
Merrill, will play for tonight's Reg Dance —a "street dance" in the
Pavilion. The first street dance in Stanford history was to be held
in front of Memorial Auditorium but was changed to the Pavilion
because of predicted rain, according to co-chairmen Sally Drinker
and Clyde Wyant. The street dance motif will be retained, they
said. Tickets, at 25 cents per couple, will be on sale today at the
Pavilion.

"Artists In Rhythm," an 18-pieee student band directed by Lanny
Merrill, will play for tonight's Reg Dance —a "street dance" in the
Pavilion. The first street dance in Stanford history was to be held
in front of Memorial Auditorium but was changed to the Pavilion
because of predicted rain, according to co-chairmen Sally Drinker
and Clyde Wyant. The street dance motif will be retained, they
said. Tickets, at 25 cents per couple, will be on sale today at the
Pavilion.

"Artists In Rhythm," an 18-pieee student band directed by Lanny
Merrill, will play for tonight's Reg Dance —a "street dance" in the
Pavilion. The first street dance in Stanford history was to be held
in front of Memorial Auditorium but was changed to the Pavilion
because of predicted rain, according to co-chairmen Sally Drinker
and Clyde Wyant. The street dance motif will be retained, they
said. Tickets, at 25 cents per couple, will be on sale today at the
Pavilion.

"Artists In Rhythm," an 18-pieee student band directed by Lanny
Merrill, will play for tonight's Reg Dance —a "street dance" in the
Pavilion. The first street dance in Stanford history was to be held
in front of Memorial Auditorium but was changed to the Pavilion
because of predicted rain, according to co-chairmen Sally Drinker
and Clyde Wyant. The street dance motif will be retained, they
said. Tickets, at 25 cents per couple, will be on sale today at the
Pavilion.

"Artists In Rhythm," an 18-pieee student band directed by Lanny
Merrill, will play for tonight's Reg Dance —a "street dance" in the
Pavilion. The first street dance in Stanford history was to be held
in front of Memorial Auditorium but was changed to the Pavilion
because of predicted rain, according to co-chairmen Sally Drinker
and Clyde Wyant. The street dance motif will be retained, they
said. Tickets, at 25 cents per couple, will be on sale today at the
Pavilion.

"Artists In Rhythm," an 18-pieee student band directed by Lanny
Merrill, will play for tonight's Reg Dance —a "street dance" in the
Pavilion. The first street dance in Stanford history was to be held
in front of Memorial Auditorium but was changed to the Pavilion
because of predicted rain, according to co-chairmen Sally Drinker
and Clyde Wyant. The street dance motif will be retained, they
said. Tickets, at 25 cents per couple, will be on sale today at the
Pavilion.

"Artists In Rhythm," an 18-pieee student band directed by Lanny
Merrill, will play for tonight's Reg Dance —a "street dance" in the
Pavilion. The first street dance in Stanford history was to be held
in front of Memorial Auditorium but was changed to the Pavilion
because of predicted rain, according to co-chairmen Sally Drinker
and Clyde Wyant. The street dance motif will be retained, they
said. Tickets, at 25 cents per couple, will be on sale today at the
Pavilion.

"Artists In Rhythm," an 18-pieee student band directed by Lanny
Merrill, will play for tonight's Reg Dance —a "street dance" in the
Pavilion. The first street dance in Stanford history was to be held
in front of Memorial Auditorium but was changed to the Pavilion
because of predicted rain, according to co-chairmen Sally Drinker
and Clyde Wyant. The street dance motif will be retained, they
said. Tickets, at 25 cents per couple, will be on sale today at the
Pavilion.

"Artists In Rhythm," an 18-pieee student band directed by Lanny
Merrill, will play for tonight's Reg Dance —a "street dance" in the
Pavilion. The first street dance in Stanford history was to be held
in front of Memorial Auditorium but was changed to the Pavilion
because of predicted rain, according to co-chairmen Sally Drinker
and Clyde Wyant. The street dance motif will be retained, they
said. Tickets, at 25 cents per couple, will be on sale today at the
Pavilion.

"Artists In Rhythm," an 18-pieee student band directed by Lanny
Merrill, will play for tonight's Reg Dance —a "street dance" in the
Pavilion. The first street dance in Stanford history was to be held
in front of Memorial Auditorium but was changed to the Pavilion
because of predicted rain, according to co-chairmen Sally Drinker
and Clyde Wyant. The street dance motif will be retained, they
said. Tickets, at 25 cents per couple, will be on sale today at the
Pavilion.

"Artists In Rhythm," an 18-pieee student band directed by Lanny
Merrill, will play for tonight's Reg Dance —a "street dance" in the
Pavilion. The first street dance in Stanford history was to be held
in front of Memorial Auditorium but was changed to the Pavilion
because of predicted rain, according to co-chairmen Sally Drinker
and Clyde Wyant. The street dance motif will be retained, they
said. Tickets, at 25 cents per couple, will be on sale today at the
Pavilion.

"Artists In Rhythm," an 18-pieee student band directed by Lanny
Merrill, will play for tonight's Reg Dance —a "street dance" in the
Pavilion. The first street dance in Stanford history was to be held
in front of Memorial Auditorium but was changed to the Pavilion
because of predicted rain, according to co-chairmen Sally Drinker
and Clyde Wyant. The street dance motif will be retained, they
said. Tickets, at 25 cents per couple, will be on sale today at the
Pavilion.

