# INTERCOLLEGIATE DEBATES FOR SEPT. 24
## ON MILITARY DRILL K.E. Leib to Hold Tryouts For Matches in Little Theatre Next Week 
### 
"Resolved, That the United States
should establish a system of com
pulsory military service similar to
that of Switzerland," is the question
selected for the intercollegiate debate
with the University of California.
Committees from Stanford and Cali
fornia met in Berkeley over the week
end to decide what phases of the
general subject of "Preparedness"
would afford the best ground for a
debate. J. F. Elden, '16, and J. C.
Holland, '16, of the Intercollegiate
Debating Committee, and Debating
Coach K. E. Leib, *15, represented
Stanford at this meeting. The Cali
fornia men were G. W. Cohen, S. K.
Burke, and W. H. Hyde.
November 24 has been set as the
date for this year's Stanford-Cali
fornia forensic contest, which will
take place in San Francisco. On the
campus, the same night, another team
of Stanford orators will clash with
the University of Southern Cali
fornia.
The California debate this year will
be conducted without judges, and will
be more in the nature of a broad,
educational discussion than of a race
for a decision. Two prominent out
side men will sum up the arguments
of the respective sides, following the
discussion, and will give their own
views on the question. The U. S. C.
debate will be conducted on the old
plan, judges giving a decision at the
end.
Tryouts for teams for both debates
will be held in the Little Theater,
Friday, September 29, according to
Debating Coach K. E. Leib, '15, who
wishes all prospective candidates for
the squads to report to him or to
Chairman Elden of the Intercollegiate
Debating Committee ,at once.
"Resolved, That the United States
should establish a system of com
pulsory military service similar to
that of Switzerland," is the question
selected for the intercollegiate debate
with the University of California.
Committees from Stanford and Cali
fornia met in Berkeley over the week
end to decide what phases of the
general subject of "Preparedness"
would afford the best ground for a
debate. J. F. Elden, '16, and J. C.
Holland, '16, of the Intercollegiate
Debating Committee, and Debating
Coach K. E. Leib, *15, represented
Stanford at this meeting. The Cali
fornia men were G. W. Cohen, S. K.
Burke, and W. H. Hyde.
November 24 has been set as the
date for this year's Stanford-Cali
fornia forensic contest, which will
take place in San Francisco. On the
campus, the same night, another team
of Stanford orators will clash with
the University of Southern Cali
fornia.
The California debate this year will
be conducted without judges, and will
be more in the nature of a broad,
educational discussion than of a race
for a decision. Two prominent out
side men will sum up the arguments
of the respective sides, following the
discussion, and will give their own
views on the question. The U. S. C.
debate will be conducted on the old
plan, judges giving a decision at the
end.
Tryouts for teams for both debates
will be held in the Little Theater,
Friday, September 29, according to
Debating Coach K. E. Leib, '15, who
wishes all prospective candidates for
the squads to report to him or to
Chairman Elden of the Intercollegiate
Debating Committee ,at once.
"Resolved, That the United States
should establish a system of com
pulsory military service similar to
that of Switzerland," is the question
selected for the intercollegiate debate
with the University of California.
Committees from Stanford and Cali
fornia met in Berkeley over the week
end to decide what phases of the
general subject of "Preparedness"
would afford the best ground for a
debate. J. F. Elden, '16, and J. C.
Holland, '16, of the Intercollegiate
Debating Committee, and Debating
Coach K. E. Leib, *15, represented
Stanford at this meeting. The Cali
fornia men were G. W. Cohen, S. K.
Burke, and W. H. Hyde.
November 24 has been set as the
date for this year's Stanford-Cali
fornia forensic contest, which will
take place in San Francisco. On the
campus, the same night, another team
of Stanford orators will clash with
the University of Southern Cali
fornia.
The California debate this year will
be conducted without judges, and will
be more in the nature of a broad,
educational discussion than of a race
for a decision. Two prominent out
side men will sum up the arguments
of the respective sides, following the
discussion, and will give their own
views on the question. The U. S. C.
debate will be conducted on the old
plan, judges giving a decision at the
end.
Tryouts for teams for both debates
will be held in the Little Theater,
Friday, September 29, according to
Debating Coach K. E. Leib, '15, who
wishes all prospective candidates for
the squads to report to him or to
Chairman Elden of the Intercollegiate
Debating Committee ,at once.
"Resolved, That the United States
should establish a system of com
pulsory military service similar to
that of Switzerland," is the question
selected for the intercollegiate debate
with the University of California.
Committees from Stanford and Cali
fornia met in Berkeley over the week
end to decide what phases of the
general subject of "Preparedness"
would afford the best ground for a
debate. J. F. Elden, '16, and J. C.
Holland, '16, of the Intercollegiate
Debating Committee, and Debating
Coach K. E. Leib, *15, represented
Stanford at this meeting. The Cali
fornia men were G. W. Cohen, S. K.
Burke, and W. H. Hyde.
November 24 has been set as the
date for this year's Stanford-Cali
fornia forensic contest, which will
take place in San Francisco. On the
campus, the same night, another team
of Stanford orators will clash with
the University of Southern Cali
fornia.
The California debate this year will
be conducted without judges, and will
be more in the nature of a broad,
educational discussion than of a race
for a decision. Two prominent out
side men will sum up the arguments
of the respective sides, following the
discussion, and will give their own
views on the question. The U. S. C.
debate will be conducted on the old
plan, judges giving a decision at the
end.
Tryouts for teams for both debates
will be held in the Little Theater,
Friday, September 29, according to
Debating Coach K. E. Leib, '15, who
wishes all prospective candidates for
the squads to report to him or to
Chairman Elden of the Intercollegiate
Debating Committee ,at once.
"Resolved, That the United States
should establish a system of com
pulsory military service similar to
that of Switzerland," is the question
selected for the intercollegiate debate
with the University of California.
Committees from Stanford and Cali
fornia met in Berkeley over the week
end to decide what phases of the
general subject of "Preparedness"
would afford the best ground for a
debate. J. F. Elden, '16, and J. C.
Holland, '16, of the Intercollegiate
Debating Committee, and Debating
Coach K. E. Leib, *15, represented
Stanford at this meeting. The Cali
fornia men were G. W. Cohen, S. K.
Burke, and W. H. Hyde.
November 24 has been set as the
date for this year's Stanford-Cali
fornia forensic contest, which will
take place in San Francisco. On the
campus, the same night, another team
of Stanford orators will clash with
the University of Southern Cali
fornia.
The California debate this year will
be conducted without judges, and will
be more in the nature of a broad,
educational discussion than of a race
for a decision. Two prominent out
side men will sum up the arguments
of the respective sides, following the
discussion, and will give their own
views on the question. The U. S. C.
debate will be conducted on the old
plan, judges giving a decision at the
end.
Tryouts for teams for both debates
will be held in the Little Theater,
Friday, September 29, according to
Debating Coach K. E. Leib, '15, who
wishes all prospective candidates for
the squads to report to him or to
Chairman Elden of the Intercollegiate
Debating Committee ,at once.
"Resolved, That the United States
should establish a system of com
pulsory military service similar to
that of Switzerland," is the question
selected for the intercollegiate debate
with the University of California.
Committees from Stanford and Cali
fornia met in Berkeley over the week
end to decide what phases of the
general subject of "Preparedness"
would afford the best ground for a
debate. J. F. Elden, '16, and J. C.
Holland, '16, of the Intercollegiate
Debating Committee, and Debating
Coach K. E. Leib, *15, represented
Stanford at this meeting. The Cali
fornia men were G. W. Cohen, S. K.
Burke, and W. H. Hyde.
November 24 has been set as the
date for this year's Stanford-Cali
fornia forensic contest, which will
take place in San Francisco. On the
campus, the same night, another team
of Stanford orators will clash with
the University of Southern Cali
fornia.
The California debate this year will
be conducted without judges, and will
be more in the nature of a broad,
educational discussion than of a race
for a decision. Two prominent out
side men will sum up the arguments
of the respective sides, following the
discussion, and will give their own
views on the question. The U. S. C.
debate will be conducted on the old
plan, judges giving a decision at the
end.
Tryouts for teams for both debates
will be held in the Little Theater,
Friday, September 29, according to
Debating Coach K. E. Leib, '15, who
wishes all prospective candidates for
the squads to report to him or to
Chairman Elden of the Intercollegiate
Debating Committee ,at once.
"Resolved, That the United States
should establish a system of com
pulsory military service similar to
that of Switzerland," is the question
selected for the intercollegiate debate
with the University of California.
Committees from Stanford and Cali
fornia met in Berkeley over the week
end to decide what phases of the
general subject of "Preparedness"
would afford the best ground for a
debate. J. F. Elden, '16, and J. C.
Holland, '16, of the Intercollegiate
Debating Committee, and Debating
Coach K. E. Leib, *15, represented
Stanford at this meeting. The Cali
fornia men were G. W. Cohen, S. K.
Burke, and W. H. Hyde.
November 24 has been set as the
date for this year's Stanford-Cali
fornia forensic contest, which will
take place in San Francisco. On the
campus, the same night, another team
of Stanford orators will clash with
the University of Southern Cali
fornia.
The California debate this year will
be conducted without judges, and will
be more in the nature of a broad,
educational discussion than of a race
for a decision. Two prominent out
side men will sum up the arguments
of the respective sides, following the
discussion, and will give their own
views on the question. The U. S. C.
debate will be conducted on the old
plan, judges giving a decision at the
end.
Tryouts for teams for both debates
will be held in the Little Theater,
Friday, September 29, according to
Debating Coach K. E. Leib, '15, who
wishes all prospective candidates for
the squads to report to him or to
Chairman Elden of the Intercollegiate
Debating Committee ,at once.
"Resolved, That the United States
should establish a system of com
pulsory military service similar to
that of Switzerland," is the question
selected for the intercollegiate debate
with the University of California.
Committees from Stanford and Cali
fornia met in Berkeley over the week
end to decide what phases of the
general subject of "Preparedness"
would afford the best ground for a
debate. J. F. Elden, '16, and J. C.
Holland, '16, of the Intercollegiate
Debating Committee, and Debating
Coach K. E. Leib, *15, represented
Stanford at this meeting. The Cali
fornia men were G. W. Cohen, S. K.
Burke, and W. H. Hyde.
November 24 has been set as the
date for this year's Stanford-Cali
fornia forensic contest, which will
take place in San Francisco. On the
campus, the same night, another team
of Stanford orators will clash with
the University of Southern Cali
fornia.
The California debate this year will
be conducted without judges, and will
be more in the nature of a broad,
educational discussion than of a race
for a decision. Two prominent out
side men will sum up the arguments
of the respective sides, following the
discussion, and will give their own
views on the question. The U. S. C.
debate will be conducted on the old
plan, judges giving a decision at the
end.
Tryouts for teams for both debates
will be held in the Little Theater,
Friday, September 29, according to
Debating Coach K. E. Leib, '15, who
wishes all prospective candidates for
the squads to report to him or to
Chairman Elden of the Intercollegiate
Debating Committee ,at once.
"Resolved, That the United States
should establish a system of com
pulsory military service similar to
that of Switzerland," is the question
selected for the intercollegiate debate
with the University of California.
Committees from Stanford and Cali
fornia met in Berkeley over the week
end to decide what phases of the
general subject of "Preparedness"
would afford the best ground for a
debate. J. F. Elden, '16, and J. C.
Holland, '16, of the Intercollegiate
Debating Committee, and Debating
Coach K. E. Leib, *15, represented
Stanford at this meeting. The Cali
fornia men were G. W. Cohen, S. K.
Burke, and W. H. Hyde.
November 24 has been set as the
date for this year's Stanford-Cali
fornia forensic contest, which will
take place in San Francisco. On the
campus, the same night, another team
of Stanford orators will clash with
the University of Southern Cali
fornia.
The California debate this year will
be conducted without judges, and will
be more in the nature of a broad,
educational discussion than of a race
for a decision. Two prominent out
side men will sum up the arguments
of the respective sides, following the
discussion, and will give their own
views on the question. The U. S. C.
debate will be conducted on the old
plan, judges giving a decision at the
end.
Tryouts for teams for both debates
will be held in the Little Theater,
Friday, September 29, according to
Debating Coach K. E. Leib, '15, who
wishes all prospective candidates for
the squads to report to him or to
Chairman Elden of the Intercollegiate
Debating Committee ,at once.
"Resolved, That the United States
should establish a system of com
pulsory military service similar to
that of Switzerland," is the question
selected for the intercollegiate debate
with the University of California.
Committees from Stanford and Cali
fornia met in Berkeley over the week
end to decide what phases of the
general subject of "Preparedness"
would afford the best ground for a
debate. J. F. Elden, '16, and J. C.
Holland, '16, of the Intercollegiate
Debating Committee, and Debating
Coach K. E. Leib, *15, represented
Stanford at this meeting. The Cali
fornia men were G. W. Cohen, S. K.
Burke, and W. H. Hyde.
November 24 has been set as the
date for this year's Stanford-Cali
fornia forensic contest, which will
take place in San Francisco. On the
campus, the same night, another team
of Stanford orators will clash with
the University of Southern Cali
fornia.
The California debate this year will
be conducted without judges, and will
be more in the nature of a broad,
educational discussion than of a race
for a decision. Two prominent out
side men will sum up the arguments
of the respective sides, following the
discussion, and will give their own
views on the question. The U. S. C.
debate will be conducted on the old
plan, judges giving a decision at the
end.
Tryouts for teams for both debates
will be held in the Little Theater,
Friday, September 29, according to
Debating Coach K. E. Leib, '15, who
wishes all prospective candidates for
the squads to report to him or to
Chairman Elden of the Intercollegiate
Debating Committee ,at once.
"Resolved, That the United States
should establish a system of com
pulsory military service similar to
that of Switzerland," is the question
selected for the intercollegiate debate
with the University of California.
Committees from Stanford and Cali
fornia met in Berkeley over the week
end to decide what phases of the
general subject of "Preparedness"
would afford the best ground for a
debate. J. F. Elden, '16, and J. C.
Holland, '16, of the Intercollegiate
Debating Committee, and Debating
Coach K. E. Leib, *15, represented
Stanford at this meeting. The Cali
fornia men were G. W. Cohen, S. K.
Burke, and W. H. Hyde.
November 24 has been set as the
date for this year's Stanford-Cali
fornia forensic contest, which will
take place in San Francisco. On the
campus, the same night, another team
of Stanford orators will clash with
the University of Southern Cali
fornia.
The California debate this year will
be conducted without judges, and will
be more in the nature of a broad,
educational discussion than of a race
for a decision. Two prominent out
side men will sum up the arguments
of the respective sides, following the
discussion, and will give their own
views on the question. The U. S. C.
debate will be conducted on the old
plan, judges giving a decision at the
end.
Tryouts for teams for both debates
will be held in the Little Theater,
Friday, September 29, according to
Debating Coach K. E. Leib, '15, who
wishes all prospective candidates for
the squads to report to him or to
Chairman Elden of the Intercollegiate
Debating Committee ,at once.
"Resolved, That the United States
should establish a system of com
pulsory military service similar to
that of Switzerland," is the question
selected for the intercollegiate debate
with the University of California.
Committees from Stanford and Cali
fornia met in Berkeley over the week
end to decide what phases of the
general subject of "Preparedness"
would afford the best ground for a
debate. J. F. Elden, '16, and J. C.
Holland, '16, of the Intercollegiate
Debating Committee, and Debating
Coach K. E. Leib, *15, represented
Stanford at this meeting. The Cali
fornia men were G. W. Cohen, S. K.
Burke, and W. H. Hyde.
November 24 has been set as the
date for this year's Stanford-Cali
fornia forensic contest, which will
take place in San Francisco. On the
campus, the same night, another team
of Stanford orators will clash with
the University of Southern Cali
fornia.
The California debate this year will
be conducted without judges, and will
be more in the nature of a broad,
educational discussion than of a race
for a decision. Two prominent out
side men will sum up the arguments
of the respective sides, following the
discussion, and will give their own
views on the question. The U. S. C.
debate will be conducted on the old
plan, judges giving a decision at the
end.
Tryouts for teams for both debates
will be held in the Little Theater,
Friday, September 29, according to
Debating Coach K. E. Leib, '15, who
wishes all prospective candidates for
the squads to report to him or to
Chairman Elden of the Intercollegiate
Debating Committee ,at once.
"Resolved, That the United States
should establish a system of com
pulsory military service similar to
that of Switzerland," is the question
selected for the intercollegiate debate
with the University of California.
Committees from Stanford and Cali
fornia met in Berkeley over the week
end to decide what phases of the
general subject of "Preparedness"
would afford the best ground for a
debate. J. F. Elden, '16, and J. C.
Holland, '16, of the Intercollegiate
Debating Committee, and Debating
Coach K. E. Leib, *15, represented
Stanford at this meeting. The Cali
fornia men were G. W. Cohen, S. K.
Burke, and W. H. Hyde.
November 24 has been set as the
date for this year's Stanford-Cali
fornia forensic contest, which will
take place in San Francisco. On the
campus, the same night, another team
of Stanford orators will clash with
the University of Southern Cali
fornia.
The California debate this year will
be conducted without judges, and will
be more in the nature of a broad,
educational discussion than of a race
for a decision. Two prominent out
side men will sum up the arguments
of the respective sides, following the
discussion, and will give their own
views on the question. The U. S. C.
debate will be conducted on the old
plan, judges giving a decision at the
end.
Tryouts for teams for both debates
will be held in the Little Theater,
Friday, September 29, according to
Debating Coach K. E. Leib, '15, who
wishes all prospective candidates for
the squads to report to him or to
Chairman Elden of the Intercollegiate
Debating Committee ,at once.
"Resolved, That the United States
should establish a system of com
pulsory military service similar to
that of Switzerland," is the question
selected for the intercollegiate debate
with the University of California.
Committees from Stanford and Cali
fornia met in Berkeley over the week
end to decide what phases of the
general subject of "Preparedness"
would afford the best ground for a
debate. J. F. Elden, '16, and J. C.
Holland, '16, of the Intercollegiate
Debating Committee, and Debating
Coach K. E. Leib, *15, represented
Stanford at this meeting. The Cali
fornia men were G. W. Cohen, S. K.
Burke, and W. H. Hyde.
November 24 has been set as the
date for this year's Stanford-Cali
fornia forensic contest, which will
take place in San Francisco. On the
campus, the same night, another team
of Stanford orators will clash with
the University of Southern Cali
fornia.
The California debate this year will
be conducted without judges, and will
be more in the nature of a broad,
educational discussion than of a race
for a decision. Two prominent out
side men will sum up the arguments
of the respective sides, following the
discussion, and will give their own
views on the question. The U. S. C.
debate will be conducted on the old
plan, judges giving a decision at the
end.
Tryouts for teams for both debates
will be held in the Little Theater,
Friday, September 29, according to
Debating Coach K. E. Leib, '15, who
wishes all prospective candidates for
the squads to report to him or to
Chairman Elden of the Intercollegiate
Debating Committee ,at once.
