# Untitled Article
## 
### 
G. Clover, ex-'l9, and K. L. Hawks,
ex-'l9, winners of last year's fresh
man tennis match with California, are
attending Yale and Cornell, respect
ively.
G. Clover, ex-'l9, and K. L. Hawks,
ex-'l9, winners of last year's fresh
man tennis match with California, are
attending Yale and Cornell, respect
ively.
G. Clover, ex-'l9, and K. L. Hawks,
ex-'l9, winners of last year's fresh
man tennis match with California, are
attending Yale and Cornell, respect
ively.
G. Clover, ex-'l9, and K. L. Hawks,
ex-'l9, winners of last year's fresh
man tennis match with California, are
attending Yale and Cornell, respect
ively.
G. Clover, ex-'l9, and K. L. Hawks,
ex-'l9, winners of last year's fresh
man tennis match with California, are
attending Yale and Cornell, respect
ively.
G. Clover, ex-'l9, and K. L. Hawks,
ex-'l9, winners of last year's fresh
man tennis match with California, are
attending Yale and Cornell, respect
ively.
G. Clover, ex-'l9, and K. L. Hawks,
ex-'l9, winners of last year's fresh
man tennis match with California, are
attending Yale and Cornell, respect
ively.
G. Clover, ex-'l9, and K. L. Hawks,
ex-'l9, winners of last year's fresh
man tennis match with California, are
attending Yale and Cornell, respect
ively.
G. Clover, ex-'l9, and K. L. Hawks,
ex-'l9, winners of last year's fresh
man tennis match with California, are
attending Yale and Cornell, respect
ively.
G. Clover, ex-'l9, and K. L. Hawks,
ex-'l9, winners of last year's fresh
man tennis match with California, are
attending Yale and Cornell, respect
ively.
G. Clover, ex-'l9, and K. L. Hawks,
ex-'l9, winners of last year's fresh
man tennis match with California, are
attending Yale and Cornell, respect
ively.
G. Clover, ex-'l9, and K. L. Hawks,
ex-'l9, winners of last year's fresh
man tennis match with California, are
attending Yale and Cornell, respect
ively.
G. Clover, ex-'l9, and K. L. Hawks,
ex-'l9, winners of last year's fresh
man tennis match with California, are
attending Yale and Cornell, respect
ively.
G. Clover, ex-'l9, and K. L. Hawks,
ex-'l9, winners of last year's fresh
man tennis match with California, are
attending Yale and Cornell, respect
ively.
