# Adv. 7 Page 3
## 
### 
STRONG
STYLISH
SHOES
On Correct Lasts
At Correct Prices
SOMMER & KAUFMANN
28 Kearney St., S. F,
pUEL, FEED, SUPPLIES
DOWNING <Sb SON
Telephone 164 PALO ALTO
Students, Attention!
Stamp Fotos
25
FOR
25c
4 -POSITION - 4:
We have been fortu
nate in engaging the
Stamp Artist, Mr. J. C.
LAMB, late of the
Haussler Studio, San
Jose, who will be here
but a short timo, and
we urge our friends and
patrons to take anvan
tage of the offer.
The
Franklin
Studio
Palo Alto
OPEN SUNDAYS
U. JkM
If :<
STRONG
STYLISH
SHOES
On Correct Lasts
At Correct Prices
SOMMER & KAUFMANN
28 Kearney St., S. F,
pUEL, FEED, SUPPLIES
DOWNING <Sb SON
Telephone 164 PALO ALTO
Students, Attention!
Stamp Fotos
25
FOR
25c
4 -POSITION - 4:
We have been fortu
nate in engaging the
Stamp Artist, Mr. J. C.
LAMB, late of the
Haussler Studio, San
Jose, who will be here
but a short timo, and
we urge our friends and
patrons to take anvan
tage of the offer.
The
Franklin
Studio
Palo Alto
OPEN SUNDAYS
U. JkM
If :<
STRONG
STYLISH
SHOES
On Correct Lasts
At Correct Prices
SOMMER & KAUFMANN
28 Kearney St., S. F,
pUEL, FEED, SUPPLIES
DOWNING <Sb SON
Telephone 164 PALO ALTO
Students, Attention!
Stamp Fotos
25
FOR
25c
4 -POSITION - 4:
We have been fortu
nate in engaging the
Stamp Artist, Mr. J. C.
LAMB, late of the
Haussler Studio, San
Jose, who will be here
but a short timo, and
we urge our friends and
patrons to take anvan
tage of the offer.
The
Franklin
Studio
Palo Alto
OPEN SUNDAYS
U. JkM
If :<
STRONG
STYLISH
SHOES
On Correct Lasts
At Correct Prices
SOMMER & KAUFMANN
28 Kearney St., S. F,
pUEL, FEED, SUPPLIES
DOWNING <Sb SON
Telephone 164 PALO ALTO
Students, Attention!
Stamp Fotos
25
FOR
25c
4 -POSITION - 4:
We have been fortu
nate in engaging the
Stamp Artist, Mr. J. C.
LAMB, late of the
Haussler Studio, San
Jose, who will be here
but a short timo, and
we urge our friends and
patrons to take anvan
tage of the offer.
The
Franklin
Studio
Palo Alto
OPEN SUNDAYS
U. JkM
If :<
STRONG
STYLISH
SHOES
On Correct Lasts
At Correct Prices
SOMMER & KAUFMANN
28 Kearney St., S. F,
pUEL, FEED, SUPPLIES
DOWNING <Sb SON
Telephone 164 PALO ALTO
Students, Attention!
Stamp Fotos
25
FOR
25c
4 -POSITION - 4:
We have been fortu
nate in engaging the
Stamp Artist, Mr. J. C.
LAMB, late of the
Haussler Studio, San
Jose, who will be here
but a short timo, and
we urge our friends and
patrons to take anvan
tage of the offer.
The
Franklin
Studio
Palo Alto
OPEN SUNDAYS
U. JkM
If :<
STRONG
STYLISH
SHOES
On Correct Lasts
At Correct Prices
SOMMER & KAUFMANN
28 Kearney St., S. F,
pUEL, FEED, SUPPLIES
DOWNING <Sb SON
Telephone 164 PALO ALTO
Students, Attention!
Stamp Fotos
25
FOR
25c
4 -POSITION - 4:
We have been fortu
nate in engaging the
Stamp Artist, Mr. J. C.
LAMB, late of the
Haussler Studio, San
Jose, who will be here
but a short timo, and
we urge our friends and
patrons to take anvan
tage of the offer.
The
Franklin
Studio
Palo Alto
OPEN SUNDAYS
U. JkM
If :<
