# Untitled Article
## 
### 
To draw a hasty conclusion from
last Saturday's game it would seem
that two ."nothing-to-nothing"
games followed by a defeat shows
that a college team with daily
coaching is not improving as fast
as an athletic cluli with more spas
modic training. Hut it must he
remembered that we had a weaker
team than we are capable of putting
on the field, and the slippery grid
iron was favorable to our oppo
nents. The great amount of ma
terial that has had to be tried this
year, too, has acted against good
team work, but we will get that in
the last weeks of practice. We are
not discouraged by the defeat of
last Saturday, and while we are not
overconfident we feel that when all
the facts are taken into considera
tion our work so far has been con
sistent and the improvement
marked.
To draw a hasty conclusion from
last Saturday's game it would seem
that two ."nothing-to-nothing"
games followed by a defeat shows
that a college team with daily
coaching is not improving as fast
as an athletic cluli with more spas
modic training. Hut it must he
remembered that we had a weaker
team than we are capable of putting
on the field, and the slippery grid
iron was favorable to our oppo
nents. The great amount of ma
terial that has had to be tried this
year, too, has acted against good
team work, but we will get that in
the last weeks of practice. We are
not discouraged by the defeat of
last Saturday, and while we are not
overconfident we feel that when all
the facts are taken into considera
tion our work so far has been con
sistent and the improvement
marked.
To draw a hasty conclusion from
last Saturday's game it would seem
that two ."nothing-to-nothing"
games followed by a defeat shows
that a college team with daily
coaching is not improving as fast
as an athletic cluli with more spas
modic training. Hut it must he
remembered that we had a weaker
team than we are capable of putting
on the field, and the slippery grid
iron was favorable to our oppo
nents. The great amount of ma
terial that has had to be tried this
year, too, has acted against good
team work, but we will get that in
the last weeks of practice. We are
not discouraged by the defeat of
last Saturday, and while we are not
overconfident we feel that when all
the facts are taken into considera
tion our work so far has been con
sistent and the improvement
marked.
To draw a hasty conclusion from
last Saturday's game it would seem
that two ."nothing-to-nothing"
games followed by a defeat shows
that a college team with daily
coaching is not improving as fast
as an athletic cluli with more spas
modic training. Hut it must he
remembered that we had a weaker
team than we are capable of putting
on the field, and the slippery grid
iron was favorable to our oppo
nents. The great amount of ma
terial that has had to be tried this
year, too, has acted against good
team work, but we will get that in
the last weeks of practice. We are
not discouraged by the defeat of
last Saturday, and while we are not
overconfident we feel that when all
the facts are taken into considera
tion our work so far has been con
sistent and the improvement
marked.
To draw a hasty conclusion from
last Saturday's game it would seem
that two ."nothing-to-nothing"
games followed by a defeat shows
that a college team with daily
coaching is not improving as fast
as an athletic cluli with more spas
modic training. Hut it must he
remembered that we had a weaker
team than we are capable of putting
on the field, and the slippery grid
iron was favorable to our oppo
nents. The great amount of ma
terial that has had to be tried this
year, too, has acted against good
team work, but we will get that in
the last weeks of practice. We are
not discouraged by the defeat of
last Saturday, and while we are not
overconfident we feel that when all
the facts are taken into considera
tion our work so far has been con
sistent and the improvement
marked.
To draw a hasty conclusion from
last Saturday's game it would seem
that two ."nothing-to-nothing"
games followed by a defeat shows
that a college team with daily
coaching is not improving as fast
as an athletic cluli with more spas
modic training. Hut it must he
remembered that we had a weaker
team than we are capable of putting
on the field, and the slippery grid
iron was favorable to our oppo
nents. The great amount of ma
terial that has had to be tried this
year, too, has acted against good
team work, but we will get that in
the last weeks of practice. We are
not discouraged by the defeat of
last Saturday, and while we are not
overconfident we feel that when all
the facts are taken into considera
tion our work so far has been con
sistent and the improvement
marked.
