# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
The Misses H. and C. I.»ewiB.—ln
structors in dancing. 446 Forest
Avenue, Palo Alto. Phone John 316.
QUAD PHOTOGRAPHS.
A discount of 1-2 25 will be made
on all orders given this semester
from negatives made for the Quad.
Negatives not. ordered from, will
he kept if requested. Davey, Pho
-1 tograplier, Jordan building.
The Misses H. and C. I.»ewiB.—ln
structors in dancing. 446 Forest
Avenue, Palo Alto. Phone John 316.
QUAD PHOTOGRAPHS.
A discount of 1-2 25 will be made
on all orders given this semester
from negatives made for the Quad.
Negatives not. ordered from, will
he kept if requested. Davey, Pho
-1 tograplier, Jordan building.
The Misses H. and C. I.»ewiB.—ln
structors in dancing. 446 Forest
Avenue, Palo Alto. Phone John 316.
QUAD PHOTOGRAPHS.
A discount of 1-2 25 will be made
on all orders given this semester
from negatives made for the Quad.
Negatives not. ordered from, will
he kept if requested. Davey, Pho
-1 tograplier, Jordan building.
The Misses H. and C. I.»ewiB.—ln
structors in dancing. 446 Forest
Avenue, Palo Alto. Phone John 316.
QUAD PHOTOGRAPHS.
A discount of 1-2 25 will be made
on all orders given this semester
from negatives made for the Quad.
Negatives not. ordered from, will
he kept if requested. Davey, Pho
-1 tograplier, Jordan building.
The Misses H. and C. I.»ewiB.—ln
structors in dancing. 446 Forest
Avenue, Palo Alto. Phone John 316.
QUAD PHOTOGRAPHS.
A discount of 1-2 25 will be made
on all orders given this semester
from negatives made for the Quad.
Negatives not. ordered from, will
he kept if requested. Davey, Pho
-1 tograplier, Jordan building.
The Misses H. and C. I.»ewiB.—ln
structors in dancing. 446 Forest
Avenue, Palo Alto. Phone John 316.
QUAD PHOTOGRAPHS.
A discount of 1-2 25 will be made
on all orders given this semester
from negatives made for the Quad.
Negatives not. ordered from, will
he kept if requested. Davey, Pho
-1 tograplier, Jordan building.
The Misses H. and C. I.»ewiB.—ln
structors in dancing. 446 Forest
Avenue, Palo Alto. Phone John 316.
QUAD PHOTOGRAPHS.
A discount of 1-2 25 will be made
on all orders given this semester
from negatives made for the Quad.
Negatives not. ordered from, will
he kept if requested. Davey, Pho
-1 tograplier, Jordan building.
The Misses H. and C. I.»ewiB.—ln
structors in dancing. 446 Forest
Avenue, Palo Alto. Phone John 316.
QUAD PHOTOGRAPHS.
A discount of 1-2 25 will be made
on all orders given this semester
from negatives made for the Quad.
Negatives not. ordered from, will
he kept if requested. Davey, Pho
-1 tograplier, Jordan building.
The Misses H. and C. I.»ewiB.—ln
structors in dancing. 446 Forest
Avenue, Palo Alto. Phone John 316.
QUAD PHOTOGRAPHS.
A discount of 1-2 25 will be made
on all orders given this semester
from negatives made for the Quad.
Negatives not. ordered from, will
he kept if requested. Davey, Pho
-1 tograplier, Jordan building.
The Misses H. and C. I.»ewiB.—ln
structors in dancing. 446 Forest
Avenue, Palo Alto. Phone John 316.
QUAD PHOTOGRAPHS.
A discount of 1-2 25 will be made
on all orders given this semester
from negatives made for the Quad.
Negatives not. ordered from, will
he kept if requested. Davey, Pho
-1 tograplier, Jordan building.
