# NO SENIOR WEEK.
## Class Today Decides That Laying of the Plate Will Be Only Event. 
### 
At ii well attended meeting of the
Senior class held this afternoon, it
was definitely decided that the Class
of 190S would not hold the usual
Senior week festivities, with the ex
ception of the laying of the class
plate. In regard to the finances of
the class, it was decided that the
committee appointed at the last meet
ing, consisting of President Fen ton,
Treasurer Clark, and Permanent Sec
retary Bennett, should turn over the
surplus, after paying all legitimate
expenses, including the class plate,
class sweaters and a provision for
ihe permanent secretary, to Manager
Knupp to be used toward defraying
the expense of sending a team to Chi
cago.
The meeting of the Senior class
was called today by President Fen
ton upon the petition of a number of
the members of the class who con
sidered it. wise to reconsider the ac
tion taken by the class at its last
meeting on March 26. There was
considerable discussion as to the
proper way of bringing a motion be
fore the meeting for reconsideration,
but a motion was finally voted upon
and it was decided upon a close bal
lot to reconsider the matter. This
decision was followed by consider
able discussion as to exactly what
position the class would take in the
matter and then a final vote was
taken in which it was decided by a
good majority not to have the regu
lar Senior Week festivities. After
passing this motion it was moved
than an exception be made to the
general motion elimfnating all Senior
Week festivities, so that the class
plate could be laid. It.was unani
mously decided that the class plate
be laid and that the committee ap
pointed to attend to that function
should remain in office.
