# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
TODAYS
SPECIAL
SNAPPY SLACKS
FOR CAMPUS WEAR
Cheeks, Welt Scams,
Pleats
$5.95
five styles from which
to choose
Rooaßroa
Enema Shop
Open Evenings Till 8:00
TODAYS
SPECIAL
SNAPPY SLACKS
FOR CAMPUS WEAR
Cheeks, Welt Scams,
Pleats
$5.95
five styles from which
to choose
Rooaßroa
Enema Shop
Open Evenings Till 8:00
TODAYS
SPECIAL
SNAPPY SLACKS
FOR CAMPUS WEAR
Cheeks, Welt Scams,
Pleats
$5.95
five styles from which
to choose
Rooaßroa
Enema Shop
Open Evenings Till 8:00
TODAYS
SPECIAL
SNAPPY SLACKS
FOR CAMPUS WEAR
Cheeks, Welt Scams,
Pleats
$5.95
five styles from which
to choose
Rooaßroa
Enema Shop
Open Evenings Till 8:00
TODAYS
SPECIAL
SNAPPY SLACKS
FOR CAMPUS WEAR
Cheeks, Welt Scams,
Pleats
$5.95
five styles from which
to choose
Rooaßroa
Enema Shop
Open Evenings Till 8:00
TODAYS
SPECIAL
SNAPPY SLACKS
FOR CAMPUS WEAR
Cheeks, Welt Scams,
Pleats
$5.95
five styles from which
to choose
Rooaßroa
Enema Shop
Open Evenings Till 8:00
TODAYS
SPECIAL
SNAPPY SLACKS
FOR CAMPUS WEAR
Cheeks, Welt Scams,
Pleats
$5.95
five styles from which
to choose
Rooaßroa
Enema Shop
Open Evenings Till 8:00
TODAYS
SPECIAL
SNAPPY SLACKS
FOR CAMPUS WEAR
Cheeks, Welt Scams,
Pleats
$5.95
five styles from which
to choose
Rooaßroa
Enema Shop
Open Evenings Till 8:00
TODAYS
SPECIAL
SNAPPY SLACKS
FOR CAMPUS WEAR
Cheeks, Welt Scams,
Pleats
$5.95
five styles from which
to choose
Rooaßroa
Enema Shop
Open Evenings Till 8:00
TODAYS
SPECIAL
SNAPPY SLACKS
FOR CAMPUS WEAR
Cheeks, Welt Scams,
Pleats
$5.95
five styles from which
to choose
Rooaßroa
Enema Shop
Open Evenings Till 8:00
TODAYS
SPECIAL
SNAPPY SLACKS
FOR CAMPUS WEAR
Cheeks, Welt Scams,
Pleats
$5.95
five styles from which
to choose
Rooaßroa
Enema Shop
Open Evenings Till 8:00
TODAYS
SPECIAL
SNAPPY SLACKS
FOR CAMPUS WEAR
Cheeks, Welt Scams,
Pleats
$5.95
five styles from which
to choose
Rooaßroa
Enema Shop
Open Evenings Till 8:00
TODAYS
SPECIAL
SNAPPY SLACKS
FOR CAMPUS WEAR
Cheeks, Welt Scams,
Pleats
$5.95
five styles from which
to choose
Rooaßroa
Enema Shop
Open Evenings Till 8:00
TODAYS
SPECIAL
SNAPPY SLACKS
FOR CAMPUS WEAR
Cheeks, Welt Scams,
Pleats
$5.95
five styles from which
to choose
Rooaßroa
Enema Shop
Open Evenings Till 8:00
TODAYS
SPECIAL
SNAPPY SLACKS
FOR CAMPUS WEAR
Cheeks, Welt Scams,
Pleats
$5.95
five styles from which
to choose
Rooaßroa
Enema Shop
Open Evenings Till 8:00
