# ART TALENT SOUGHT
## 
### 
Anyone who is interested in doing
poster art work should go to the
Dramatic Manager's office in the old
Union any afternoon this week. All
new talent will be welcomed by Dick
Frank and set to work on the posters
lor the new play.
Anyone who is interested in doing
poster art work should go to the
Dramatic Manager's office in the old
Union any afternoon this week. All
new talent will be welcomed by Dick
Frank and set to work on the posters
lor the new play.
Anyone who is interested in doing
poster art work should go to the
Dramatic Manager's office in the old
Union any afternoon this week. All
new talent will be welcomed by Dick
Frank and set to work on the posters
lor the new play.
Anyone who is interested in doing
poster art work should go to the
Dramatic Manager's office in the old
Union any afternoon this week. All
new talent will be welcomed by Dick
Frank and set to work on the posters
lor the new play.
Anyone who is interested in doing
poster art work should go to the
Dramatic Manager's office in the old
Union any afternoon this week. All
new talent will be welcomed by Dick
Frank and set to work on the posters
lor the new play.
Anyone who is interested in doing
poster art work should go to the
Dramatic Manager's office in the old
Union any afternoon this week. All
new talent will be welcomed by Dick
Frank and set to work on the posters
lor the new play.
Anyone who is interested in doing
poster art work should go to the
Dramatic Manager's office in the old
Union any afternoon this week. All
new talent will be welcomed by Dick
Frank and set to work on the posters
lor the new play.
Anyone who is interested in doing
poster art work should go to the
Dramatic Manager's office in the old
Union any afternoon this week. All
new talent will be welcomed by Dick
Frank and set to work on the posters
lor the new play.
Anyone who is interested in doing
poster art work should go to the
Dramatic Manager's office in the old
Union any afternoon this week. All
new talent will be welcomed by Dick
Frank and set to work on the posters
lor the new play.
Anyone who is interested in doing
poster art work should go to the
Dramatic Manager's office in the old
Union any afternoon this week. All
new talent will be welcomed by Dick
Frank and set to work on the posters
lor the new play.
Anyone who is interested in doing
poster art work should go to the
Dramatic Manager's office in the old
Union any afternoon this week. All
new talent will be welcomed by Dick
Frank and set to work on the posters
lor the new play.
Anyone who is interested in doing
poster art work should go to the
Dramatic Manager's office in the old
Union any afternoon this week. All
new talent will be welcomed by Dick
Frank and set to work on the posters
lor the new play.
Anyone who is interested in doing
poster art work should go to the
Dramatic Manager's office in the old
Union any afternoon this week. All
new talent will be welcomed by Dick
Frank and set to work on the posters
lor the new play.
Anyone who is interested in doing
poster art work should go to the
Dramatic Manager's office in the old
Union any afternoon this week. All
new talent will be welcomed by Dick
Frank and set to work on the posters
lor the new play.
Anyone who is interested in doing
poster art work should go to the
Dramatic Manager's office in the old
Union any afternoon this week. All
new talent will be welcomed by Dick
Frank and set to work on the posters
lor the new play.
