# Class Will Visit Angel Island.
## 
### 
Dr. W. F. Snow of the Hygiene de
partment is planning to take his class
in Public Health to Angel Island next
Saturday morning. The purpose is to
give the students an idea of the san
itary arrangements of the Government
quarantine station, which is located on
the island, and also to illustrate and
explain the different points regarding
such sanitation that he has previously
lectured upon.
Dr. W. F. Snow of the Hygiene de
partment is planning to take his class
in Public Health to Angel Island next
Saturday morning. The purpose is to
give the students an idea of the san
itary arrangements of the Government
quarantine station, which is located on
the island, and also to illustrate and
explain the different points regarding
such sanitation that he has previously
lectured upon.
Dr. W. F. Snow of the Hygiene de
partment is planning to take his class
in Public Health to Angel Island next
Saturday morning. The purpose is to
give the students an idea of the san
itary arrangements of the Government
quarantine station, which is located on
the island, and also to illustrate and
explain the different points regarding
such sanitation that he has previously
lectured upon.
Dr. W. F. Snow of the Hygiene de
partment is planning to take his class
in Public Health to Angel Island next
Saturday morning. The purpose is to
give the students an idea of the san
itary arrangements of the Government
quarantine station, which is located on
the island, and also to illustrate and
explain the different points regarding
such sanitation that he has previously
lectured upon.
Dr. W. F. Snow of the Hygiene de
partment is planning to take his class
in Public Health to Angel Island next
Saturday morning. The purpose is to
give the students an idea of the san
itary arrangements of the Government
quarantine station, which is located on
the island, and also to illustrate and
explain the different points regarding
such sanitation that he has previously
lectured upon.
Dr. W. F. Snow of the Hygiene de
partment is planning to take his class
in Public Health to Angel Island next
Saturday morning. The purpose is to
give the students an idea of the san
itary arrangements of the Government
quarantine station, which is located on
the island, and also to illustrate and
explain the different points regarding
such sanitation that he has previously
lectured upon.
Dr. W. F. Snow of the Hygiene de
partment is planning to take his class
in Public Health to Angel Island next
Saturday morning. The purpose is to
give the students an idea of the san
itary arrangements of the Government
quarantine station, which is located on
the island, and also to illustrate and
explain the different points regarding
such sanitation that he has previously
lectured upon.
Dr. W. F. Snow of the Hygiene de
partment is planning to take his class
in Public Health to Angel Island next
Saturday morning. The purpose is to
give the students an idea of the san
itary arrangements of the Government
quarantine station, which is located on
the island, and also to illustrate and
explain the different points regarding
such sanitation that he has previously
lectured upon.
Dr. W. F. Snow of the Hygiene de
partment is planning to take his class
in Public Health to Angel Island next
Saturday morning. The purpose is to
give the students an idea of the san
itary arrangements of the Government
quarantine station, which is located on
the island, and also to illustrate and
explain the different points regarding
such sanitation that he has previously
lectured upon.
Dr. W. F. Snow of the Hygiene de
partment is planning to take his class
in Public Health to Angel Island next
Saturday morning. The purpose is to
give the students an idea of the san
itary arrangements of the Government
quarantine station, which is located on
the island, and also to illustrate and
explain the different points regarding
such sanitation that he has previously
lectured upon.
Dr. W. F. Snow of the Hygiene de
partment is planning to take his class
in Public Health to Angel Island next
Saturday morning. The purpose is to
give the students an idea of the san
itary arrangements of the Government
quarantine station, which is located on
the island, and also to illustrate and
explain the different points regarding
such sanitation that he has previously
lectured upon.
