# Crew Men Visit Oakland Estuary.
## 
### 
Captain Reynolds, '10, and F. W.
Turner, '08, visited the Oakland Estu
ary on Sunday afternoon for the pur
pose of going over and inspecting the
course which may be rowed on the
day of the intercollegiate boat races.
They were the guests of the Univer
sity of California Boat Club, and were
taken over the course in their private
launch. A report of the inspection
will .be submitted to the Executive
Committee on Wednesday night, and
action will then be taken as to wheth
er the Oakland Estuary will be the
scene of this year's rowing struggle
or not.
Captain Reynolds, '10, and F. W.
Turner, '08, visited the Oakland Estu
ary on Sunday afternoon for the pur
pose of going over and inspecting the
course which may be rowed on the
day of the intercollegiate boat races.
They were the guests of the Univer
sity of California Boat Club, and were
taken over the course in their private
launch. A report of the inspection
will .be submitted to the Executive
Committee on Wednesday night, and
action will then be taken as to wheth
er the Oakland Estuary will be the
scene of this year's rowing struggle
or not.
Captain Reynolds, '10, and F. W.
Turner, '08, visited the Oakland Estu
ary on Sunday afternoon for the pur
pose of going over and inspecting the
course which may be rowed on the
day of the intercollegiate boat races.
They were the guests of the Univer
sity of California Boat Club, and were
taken over the course in their private
launch. A report of the inspection
will .be submitted to the Executive
Committee on Wednesday night, and
action will then be taken as to wheth
er the Oakland Estuary will be the
scene of this year's rowing struggle
or not.
Captain Reynolds, '10, and F. W.
Turner, '08, visited the Oakland Estu
ary on Sunday afternoon for the pur
pose of going over and inspecting the
course which may be rowed on the
day of the intercollegiate boat races.
They were the guests of the Univer
sity of California Boat Club, and were
taken over the course in their private
launch. A report of the inspection
will .be submitted to the Executive
Committee on Wednesday night, and
action will then be taken as to wheth
er the Oakland Estuary will be the
scene of this year's rowing struggle
or not.
Captain Reynolds, '10, and F. W.
Turner, '08, visited the Oakland Estu
ary on Sunday afternoon for the pur
pose of going over and inspecting the
course which may be rowed on the
day of the intercollegiate boat races.
They were the guests of the Univer
sity of California Boat Club, and were
taken over the course in their private
launch. A report of the inspection
will .be submitted to the Executive
Committee on Wednesday night, and
action will then be taken as to wheth
er the Oakland Estuary will be the
scene of this year's rowing struggle
or not.
Captain Reynolds, '10, and F. W.
Turner, '08, visited the Oakland Estu
ary on Sunday afternoon for the pur
pose of going over and inspecting the
course which may be rowed on the
day of the intercollegiate boat races.
They were the guests of the Univer
sity of California Boat Club, and were
taken over the course in their private
launch. A report of the inspection
will .be submitted to the Executive
Committee on Wednesday night, and
action will then be taken as to wheth
er the Oakland Estuary will be the
scene of this year's rowing struggle
or not.
Captain Reynolds, '10, and F. W.
Turner, '08, visited the Oakland Estu
ary on Sunday afternoon for the pur
pose of going over and inspecting the
course which may be rowed on the
day of the intercollegiate boat races.
They were the guests of the Univer
sity of California Boat Club, and were
taken over the course in their private
launch. A report of the inspection
will .be submitted to the Executive
Committee on Wednesday night, and
action will then be taken as to wheth
er the Oakland Estuary will be the
scene of this year's rowing struggle
or not.
Captain Reynolds, '10, and F. W.
Turner, '08, visited the Oakland Estu
ary on Sunday afternoon for the pur
pose of going over and inspecting the
course which may be rowed on the
day of the intercollegiate boat races.
They were the guests of the Univer
sity of California Boat Club, and were
taken over the course in their private
launch. A report of the inspection
will .be submitted to the Executive
Committee on Wednesday night, and
action will then be taken as to wheth
er the Oakland Estuary will be the
scene of this year's rowing struggle
or not.
Captain Reynolds, '10, and F. W.
Turner, '08, visited the Oakland Estu
ary on Sunday afternoon for the pur
pose of going over and inspecting the
course which may be rowed on the
day of the intercollegiate boat races.
They were the guests of the Univer
sity of California Boat Club, and were
taken over the course in their private
launch. A report of the inspection
will .be submitted to the Executive
Committee on Wednesday night, and
action will then be taken as to wheth
er the Oakland Estuary will be the
scene of this year's rowing struggle
or not.
Captain Reynolds, '10, and F. W.
Turner, '08, visited the Oakland Estu
ary on Sunday afternoon for the pur
pose of going over and inspecting the
course which may be rowed on the
day of the intercollegiate boat races.
They were the guests of the Univer
sity of California Boat Club, and were
taken over the course in their private
launch. A report of the inspection
will .be submitted to the Executive
Committee on Wednesday night, and
action will then be taken as to wheth
er the Oakland Estuary will be the
scene of this year's rowing struggle
or not.
Captain Reynolds, '10, and F. W.
Turner, '08, visited the Oakland Estu
ary on Sunday afternoon for the pur
pose of going over and inspecting the
course which may be rowed on the
day of the intercollegiate boat races.
They were the guests of the Univer
sity of California Boat Club, and were
taken over the course in their private
launch. A report of the inspection
will .be submitted to the Executive
Committee on Wednesday night, and
action will then be taken as to wheth
er the Oakland Estuary will be the
scene of this year's rowing struggle
or not.
