# CHESS TOURNAMENT A SUCCESS.
## Clarke Plays Members of Faculty and Student Body in a Twenty-one Board Match. 
### 
E. J. Clarke, the crack New York
player, met in an exhibition match,
yesterday evening in (he clubroom of
Enciua, (he members of the Stanford
Chess Club and others to the number
of twenty-one. Among the partici
pants were found Dr. Murray, Profes
sors A. C. Whitaker and J. C. L. Fish
of the University, and Dr. Taylor, Sim
kins and Barker, Palo Alto players ot
note.
While lack of time prevented the
completion of many games, the tour
nament was distinctly a success.
Clarke showed clearly his versatility
at the game, as he engaged in nearly
every style of opening. His style of
play combined prudence and daring,
with a result that many interesting
situations were developed and inter
est was held throughout.
At midnight a review of the games
showed that many had not advanced
beyond the mid-game point, and a gen
eral adjudication was decided upon.
T. R. W. F. Fig-Hoblyn, '08, was
the winner of hife game. Draws were
agreed upon in the games with Play
ers Barker, Murray, Whitaker, Sim
kius. Thomas, Cummings, Davidson,
Pratt, Mann, Hough, Smith and Jen
anyan.
It is not unlikely that a similar
match with the United States cham
pion Marshall will be arranged for
some later date, as (his expert is ex
pected to visit the Coast soon.
E. J. Clarke, the crack New York
player, met in an exhibition match,
yesterday evening in (he clubroom of
Enciua, (he members of the Stanford
Chess Club and others to the number
of twenty-one. Among the partici
pants were found Dr. Murray, Profes
sors A. C. Whitaker and J. C. L. Fish
of the University, and Dr. Taylor, Sim
kins and Barker, Palo Alto players ot
note.
While lack of time prevented the
completion of many games, the tour
nament was distinctly a success.
Clarke showed clearly his versatility
at the game, as he engaged in nearly
every style of opening. His style of
play combined prudence and daring,
with a result that many interesting
situations were developed and inter
est was held throughout.
At midnight a review of the games
showed that many had not advanced
beyond the mid-game point, and a gen
eral adjudication was decided upon.
T. R. W. F. Fig-Hoblyn, '08, was
the winner of hife game. Draws were
agreed upon in the games with Play
ers Barker, Murray, Whitaker, Sim
kius. Thomas, Cummings, Davidson,
Pratt, Mann, Hough, Smith and Jen
anyan.
It is not unlikely that a similar
match with the United States cham
pion Marshall will be arranged for
some later date, as (his expert is ex
pected to visit the Coast soon.
E. J. Clarke, the crack New York
player, met in an exhibition match,
yesterday evening in (he clubroom of
Enciua, (he members of the Stanford
Chess Club and others to the number
of twenty-one. Among the partici
pants were found Dr. Murray, Profes
sors A. C. Whitaker and J. C. L. Fish
of the University, and Dr. Taylor, Sim
kins and Barker, Palo Alto players ot
note.
While lack of time prevented the
completion of many games, the tour
nament was distinctly a success.
Clarke showed clearly his versatility
at the game, as he engaged in nearly
every style of opening. His style of
play combined prudence and daring,
with a result that many interesting
situations were developed and inter
est was held throughout.
At midnight a review of the games
showed that many had not advanced
beyond the mid-game point, and a gen
eral adjudication was decided upon.
T. R. W. F. Fig-Hoblyn, '08, was
the winner of hife game. Draws were
agreed upon in the games with Play
ers Barker, Murray, Whitaker, Sim
kius. Thomas, Cummings, Davidson,
Pratt, Mann, Hough, Smith and Jen
anyan.
It is not unlikely that a similar
match with the United States cham
pion Marshall will be arranged for
some later date, as (his expert is ex
pected to visit the Coast soon.
E. J. Clarke, the crack New York
player, met in an exhibition match,
yesterday evening in (he clubroom of
Enciua, (he members of the Stanford
Chess Club and others to the number
of twenty-one. Among the partici
pants were found Dr. Murray, Profes
sors A. C. Whitaker and J. C. L. Fish
of the University, and Dr. Taylor, Sim
kins and Barker, Palo Alto players ot
note.
While lack of time prevented the
completion of many games, the tour
nament was distinctly a success.
Clarke showed clearly his versatility
at the game, as he engaged in nearly
every style of opening. His style of
play combined prudence and daring,
with a result that many interesting
situations were developed and inter
est was held throughout.
At midnight a review of the games
showed that many had not advanced
beyond the mid-game point, and a gen
eral adjudication was decided upon.
T. R. W. F. Fig-Hoblyn, '08, was
the winner of hife game. Draws were
agreed upon in the games with Play
ers Barker, Murray, Whitaker, Sim
kius. Thomas, Cummings, Davidson,
Pratt, Mann, Hough, Smith and Jen
anyan.
It is not unlikely that a similar
match with the United States cham
pion Marshall will be arranged for
some later date, as (his expert is ex
pected to visit the Coast soon.
E. J. Clarke, the crack New York
player, met in an exhibition match,
yesterday evening in (he clubroom of
Enciua, (he members of the Stanford
Chess Club and others to the number
of twenty-one. Among the partici
pants were found Dr. Murray, Profes
sors A. C. Whitaker and J. C. L. Fish
of the University, and Dr. Taylor, Sim
kins and Barker, Palo Alto players ot
note.
While lack of time prevented the
completion of many games, the tour
nament was distinctly a success.
Clarke showed clearly his versatility
at the game, as he engaged in nearly
every style of opening. His style of
play combined prudence and daring,
with a result that many interesting
situations were developed and inter
est was held throughout.
At midnight a review of the games
showed that many had not advanced
beyond the mid-game point, and a gen
eral adjudication was decided upon.
T. R. W. F. Fig-Hoblyn, '08, was
the winner of hife game. Draws were
agreed upon in the games with Play
ers Barker, Murray, Whitaker, Sim
kius. Thomas, Cummings, Davidson,
Pratt, Mann, Hough, Smith and Jen
anyan.
It is not unlikely that a similar
match with the United States cham
pion Marshall will be arranged for
some later date, as (his expert is ex
pected to visit the Coast soon.
E. J. Clarke, the crack New York
player, met in an exhibition match,
yesterday evening in (he clubroom of
Enciua, (he members of the Stanford
Chess Club and others to the number
of twenty-one. Among the partici
pants were found Dr. Murray, Profes
sors A. C. Whitaker and J. C. L. Fish
of the University, and Dr. Taylor, Sim
kins and Barker, Palo Alto players ot
note.
While lack of time prevented the
completion of many games, the tour
nament was distinctly a success.
Clarke showed clearly his versatility
at the game, as he engaged in nearly
every style of opening. His style of
play combined prudence and daring,
with a result that many interesting
situations were developed and inter
est was held throughout.
At midnight a review of the games
showed that many had not advanced
beyond the mid-game point, and a gen
eral adjudication was decided upon.
T. R. W. F. Fig-Hoblyn, '08, was
the winner of hife game. Draws were
agreed upon in the games with Play
ers Barker, Murray, Whitaker, Sim
kius. Thomas, Cummings, Davidson,
Pratt, Mann, Hough, Smith and Jen
anyan.
It is not unlikely that a similar
match with the United States cham
pion Marshall will be arranged for
some later date, as (his expert is ex
pected to visit the Coast soon.
E. J. Clarke, the crack New York
player, met in an exhibition match,
yesterday evening in (he clubroom of
Enciua, (he members of the Stanford
Chess Club and others to the number
of twenty-one. Among the partici
pants were found Dr. Murray, Profes
sors A. C. Whitaker and J. C. L. Fish
of the University, and Dr. Taylor, Sim
kins and Barker, Palo Alto players ot
note.
While lack of time prevented the
completion of many games, the tour
nament was distinctly a success.
Clarke showed clearly his versatility
at the game, as he engaged in nearly
every style of opening. His style of
play combined prudence and daring,
with a result that many interesting
situations were developed and inter
est was held throughout.
At midnight a review of the games
showed that many had not advanced
beyond the mid-game point, and a gen
eral adjudication was decided upon.
T. R. W. F. Fig-Hoblyn, '08, was
the winner of hife game. Draws were
agreed upon in the games with Play
ers Barker, Murray, Whitaker, Sim
kius. Thomas, Cummings, Davidson,
Pratt, Mann, Hough, Smith and Jen
anyan.
It is not unlikely that a similar
match with the United States cham
pion Marshall will be arranged for
some later date, as (his expert is ex
pected to visit the Coast soon.
E. J. Clarke, the crack New York
player, met in an exhibition match,
yesterday evening in (he clubroom of
Enciua, (he members of the Stanford
Chess Club and others to the number
of twenty-one. Among the partici
pants were found Dr. Murray, Profes
sors A. C. Whitaker and J. C. L. Fish
of the University, and Dr. Taylor, Sim
kins and Barker, Palo Alto players ot
note.
While lack of time prevented the
completion of many games, the tour
nament was distinctly a success.
Clarke showed clearly his versatility
at the game, as he engaged in nearly
every style of opening. His style of
play combined prudence and daring,
with a result that many interesting
situations were developed and inter
est was held throughout.
At midnight a review of the games
showed that many had not advanced
beyond the mid-game point, and a gen
eral adjudication was decided upon.
T. R. W. F. Fig-Hoblyn, '08, was
the winner of hife game. Draws were
agreed upon in the games with Play
ers Barker, Murray, Whitaker, Sim
kius. Thomas, Cummings, Davidson,
Pratt, Mann, Hough, Smith and Jen
anyan.
It is not unlikely that a similar
match with the United States cham
pion Marshall will be arranged for
some later date, as (his expert is ex
pected to visit the Coast soon.
E. J. Clarke, the crack New York
player, met in an exhibition match,
yesterday evening in (he clubroom of
Enciua, (he members of the Stanford
Chess Club and others to the number
of twenty-one. Among the partici
pants were found Dr. Murray, Profes
sors A. C. Whitaker and J. C. L. Fish
of the University, and Dr. Taylor, Sim
kins and Barker, Palo Alto players ot
note.
While lack of time prevented the
completion of many games, the tour
nament was distinctly a success.
Clarke showed clearly his versatility
at the game, as he engaged in nearly
every style of opening. His style of
play combined prudence and daring,
with a result that many interesting
situations were developed and inter
est was held throughout.
At midnight a review of the games
showed that many had not advanced
beyond the mid-game point, and a gen
eral adjudication was decided upon.
T. R. W. F. Fig-Hoblyn, '08, was
the winner of hife game. Draws were
agreed upon in the games with Play
ers Barker, Murray, Whitaker, Sim
kius. Thomas, Cummings, Davidson,
Pratt, Mann, Hough, Smith and Jen
anyan.
It is not unlikely that a similar
match with the United States cham
pion Marshall will be arranged for
some later date, as (his expert is ex
pected to visit the Coast soon.
E. J. Clarke, the crack New York
player, met in an exhibition match,
yesterday evening in (he clubroom of
Enciua, (he members of the Stanford
Chess Club and others to the number
of twenty-one. Among the partici
pants were found Dr. Murray, Profes
sors A. C. Whitaker and J. C. L. Fish
of the University, and Dr. Taylor, Sim
kins and Barker, Palo Alto players ot
note.
While lack of time prevented the
completion of many games, the tour
nament was distinctly a success.
Clarke showed clearly his versatility
at the game, as he engaged in nearly
every style of opening. His style of
play combined prudence and daring,
with a result that many interesting
situations were developed and inter
est was held throughout.
At midnight a review of the games
showed that many had not advanced
beyond the mid-game point, and a gen
eral adjudication was decided upon.
T. R. W. F. Fig-Hoblyn, '08, was
the winner of hife game. Draws were
agreed upon in the games with Play
ers Barker, Murray, Whitaker, Sim
kius. Thomas, Cummings, Davidson,
Pratt, Mann, Hough, Smith and Jen
anyan.
It is not unlikely that a similar
match with the United States cham
pion Marshall will be arranged for
some later date, as (his expert is ex
pected to visit the Coast soon.
E. J. Clarke, the crack New York
player, met in an exhibition match,
yesterday evening in (he clubroom of
Enciua, (he members of the Stanford
Chess Club and others to the number
of twenty-one. Among the partici
pants were found Dr. Murray, Profes
sors A. C. Whitaker and J. C. L. Fish
of the University, and Dr. Taylor, Sim
kins and Barker, Palo Alto players ot
note.
While lack of time prevented the
completion of many games, the tour
nament was distinctly a success.
Clarke showed clearly his versatility
at the game, as he engaged in nearly
every style of opening. His style of
play combined prudence and daring,
with a result that many interesting
situations were developed and inter
est was held throughout.
At midnight a review of the games
showed that many had not advanced
beyond the mid-game point, and a gen
eral adjudication was decided upon.
T. R. W. F. Fig-Hoblyn, '08, was
the winner of hife game. Draws were
agreed upon in the games with Play
ers Barker, Murray, Whitaker, Sim
kius. Thomas, Cummings, Davidson,
Pratt, Mann, Hough, Smith and Jen
anyan.
It is not unlikely that a similar
match with the United States cham
pion Marshall will be arranged for
some later date, as (his expert is ex
pected to visit the Coast soon.
