# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
SORORITY PHOTOS
The following sororities will
send their members to 520 Sal
vatierra today to have their
pictures taken by the Watson
photographer for the 1933
Quad:
Alpha Omicron Pi
Alpha Phi
Chi Omega
SORORITY PHOTOS
The following sororities will
send their members to 520 Sal
vatierra today to have their
pictures taken by the Watson
photographer for the 1933
Quad:
Alpha Omicron Pi
Alpha Phi
Chi Omega
SORORITY PHOTOS
The following sororities will
send their members to 520 Sal
vatierra today to have their
pictures taken by the Watson
photographer for the 1933
Quad:
Alpha Omicron Pi
Alpha Phi
Chi Omega
SORORITY PHOTOS
The following sororities will
send their members to 520 Sal
vatierra today to have their
pictures taken by the Watson
photographer for the 1933
Quad:
Alpha Omicron Pi
Alpha Phi
Chi Omega
SORORITY PHOTOS
The following sororities will
send their members to 520 Sal
vatierra today to have their
pictures taken by the Watson
photographer for the 1933
Quad:
Alpha Omicron Pi
Alpha Phi
Chi Omega
SORORITY PHOTOS
The following sororities will
send their members to 520 Sal
vatierra today to have their
pictures taken by the Watson
photographer for the 1933
Quad:
Alpha Omicron Pi
Alpha Phi
Chi Omega
SORORITY PHOTOS
The following sororities will
send their members to 520 Sal
vatierra today to have their
pictures taken by the Watson
photographer for the 1933
Quad:
Alpha Omicron Pi
Alpha Phi
Chi Omega
SORORITY PHOTOS
The following sororities will
send their members to 520 Sal
vatierra today to have their
pictures taken by the Watson
photographer for the 1933
Quad:
Alpha Omicron Pi
Alpha Phi
Chi Omega
SORORITY PHOTOS
The following sororities will
send their members to 520 Sal
vatierra today to have their
pictures taken by the Watson
photographer for the 1933
Quad:
Alpha Omicron Pi
Alpha Phi
Chi Omega
SORORITY PHOTOS
The following sororities will
send their members to 520 Sal
vatierra today to have their
pictures taken by the Watson
photographer for the 1933
Quad:
Alpha Omicron Pi
Alpha Phi
Chi Omega
SORORITY PHOTOS
The following sororities will
send their members to 520 Sal
vatierra today to have their
pictures taken by the Watson
photographer for the 1933
Quad:
Alpha Omicron Pi
Alpha Phi
Chi Omega
SORORITY PHOTOS
The following sororities will
send their members to 520 Sal
vatierra today to have their
pictures taken by the Watson
photographer for the 1933
Quad:
Alpha Omicron Pi
Alpha Phi
Chi Omega
SORORITY PHOTOS
The following sororities will
send their members to 520 Sal
vatierra today to have their
pictures taken by the Watson
photographer for the 1933
Quad:
Alpha Omicron Pi
Alpha Phi
Chi Omega
SORORITY PHOTOS
The following sororities will
send their members to 520 Sal
vatierra today to have their
pictures taken by the Watson
photographer for the 1933
Quad:
Alpha Omicron Pi
Alpha Phi
Chi Omega
SORORITY PHOTOS
The following sororities will
send their members to 520 Sal
vatierra today to have their
pictures taken by the Watson
photographer for the 1933
Quad:
Alpha Omicron Pi
Alpha Phi
Chi Omega
SORORITY PHOTOS
The following sororities will
send their members to 520 Sal
vatierra today to have their
pictures taken by the Watson
photographer for the 1933
Quad:
Alpha Omicron Pi
Alpha Phi
Chi Omega
