# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
"BIG GAME"
DINNER DANCE
November (9, 1932
J
Celebrate llie Bi£
Game at the Hotel
H \ s^.oo
% I Phil Sapiro's
Orchestra
wSßpc For reservations
ii'iitf HEmlock 3200
mF ISOTKI.
M WHITCOMB
"BIG GAME"
DINNER DANCE
November (9, 1932
J
Celebrate llie Bi£
Game at the Hotel
H \ s^.oo
% I Phil Sapiro's
Orchestra
wSßpc For reservations
ii'iitf HEmlock 3200
mF ISOTKI.
M WHITCOMB
"BIG GAME"
DINNER DANCE
November (9, 1932
J
Celebrate llie Bi£
Game at the Hotel
H \ s^.oo
% I Phil Sapiro's
Orchestra
wSßpc For reservations
ii'iitf HEmlock 3200
mF ISOTKI.
M WHITCOMB
"BIG GAME"
DINNER DANCE
November (9, 1932
J
Celebrate llie Bi£
Game at the Hotel
H \ s^.oo
% I Phil Sapiro's
Orchestra
wSßpc For reservations
ii'iitf HEmlock 3200
mF ISOTKI.
M WHITCOMB
"BIG GAME"
DINNER DANCE
November (9, 1932
J
Celebrate llie Bi£
Game at the Hotel
H \ s^.oo
% I Phil Sapiro's
Orchestra
wSßpc For reservations
ii'iitf HEmlock 3200
mF ISOTKI.
M WHITCOMB
"BIG GAME"
DINNER DANCE
November (9, 1932
J
Celebrate llie Bi£
Game at the Hotel
H \ s^.oo
% I Phil Sapiro's
Orchestra
wSßpc For reservations
ii'iitf HEmlock 3200
mF ISOTKI.
M WHITCOMB
"BIG GAME"
DINNER DANCE
November (9, 1932
J
Celebrate llie Bi£
Game at the Hotel
H \ s^.oo
% I Phil Sapiro's
Orchestra
wSßpc For reservations
ii'iitf HEmlock 3200
mF ISOTKI.
M WHITCOMB
"BIG GAME"
DINNER DANCE
November (9, 1932
J
Celebrate llie Bi£
Game at the Hotel
H \ s^.oo
% I Phil Sapiro's
Orchestra
wSßpc For reservations
ii'iitf HEmlock 3200
mF ISOTKI.
M WHITCOMB
"BIG GAME"
DINNER DANCE
November (9, 1932
J
Celebrate llie Bi£
Game at the Hotel
H \ s^.oo
% I Phil Sapiro's
Orchestra
wSßpc For reservations
ii'iitf HEmlock 3200
mF ISOTKI.
M WHITCOMB
"BIG GAME"
DINNER DANCE
November (9, 1932
J
Celebrate llie Bi£
Game at the Hotel
H \ s^.oo
% I Phil Sapiro's
Orchestra
wSßpc For reservations
ii'iitf HEmlock 3200
mF ISOTKI.
M WHITCOMB
"BIG GAME"
DINNER DANCE
November (9, 1932
J
Celebrate llie Bi£
Game at the Hotel
H \ s^.oo
% I Phil Sapiro's
Orchestra
wSßpc For reservations
ii'iitf HEmlock 3200
mF ISOTKI.
M WHITCOMB
"BIG GAME"
DINNER DANCE
November (9, 1932
J
Celebrate llie Bi£
Game at the Hotel
H \ s^.oo
% I Phil Sapiro's
Orchestra
wSßpc For reservations
ii'iitf HEmlock 3200
mF ISOTKI.
M WHITCOMB
"BIG GAME"
DINNER DANCE
November (9, 1932
J
Celebrate llie Bi£
Game at the Hotel
H \ s^.oo
% I Phil Sapiro's
Orchestra
wSßpc For reservations
ii'iitf HEmlock 3200
mF ISOTKI.
M WHITCOMB
"BIG GAME"
DINNER DANCE
November (9, 1932
J
Celebrate llie Bi£
Game at the Hotel
H \ s^.oo
% I Phil Sapiro's
Orchestra
wSßpc For reservations
ii'iitf HEmlock 3200
mF ISOTKI.
M WHITCOMB
"BIG GAME"
DINNER DANCE
November (9, 1932
J
Celebrate llie Bi£
Game at the Hotel
H \ s^.oo
% I Phil Sapiro's
Orchestra
wSßpc For reservations
ii'iitf HEmlock 3200
mF ISOTKI.
M WHITCOMB
"BIG GAME"
DINNER DANCE
November (9, 1932
J
Celebrate llie Bi£
Game at the Hotel
H \ s^.oo
% I Phil Sapiro's
Orchestra
wSßpc For reservations
ii'iitf HEmlock 3200
mF ISOTKI.
M WHITCOMB
