# Traffic Fines Doubled For Ignoring Summons
## 
### 
Traffic violators who fail to appear
before the Men's Council at the
dates specified will be given double
sentences, according to Gordy
Campbell, chairman of the council.
This applies to all types of auto
mobile offenses, including speeding
and parking.
Traffic violators who fail to appear
before the Men's Council at the
dates specified will be given double
sentences, according to Gordy
Campbell, chairman of the council.
This applies to all types of auto
mobile offenses, including speeding
and parking.
Traffic violators who fail to appear
before the Men's Council at the
dates specified will be given double
sentences, according to Gordy
Campbell, chairman of the council.
This applies to all types of auto
mobile offenses, including speeding
and parking.
Traffic violators who fail to appear
before the Men's Council at the
dates specified will be given double
sentences, according to Gordy
Campbell, chairman of the council.
This applies to all types of auto
mobile offenses, including speeding
and parking.
Traffic violators who fail to appear
before the Men's Council at the
dates specified will be given double
sentences, according to Gordy
Campbell, chairman of the council.
This applies to all types of auto
mobile offenses, including speeding
and parking.
Traffic violators who fail to appear
before the Men's Council at the
dates specified will be given double
sentences, according to Gordy
Campbell, chairman of the council.
This applies to all types of auto
mobile offenses, including speeding
and parking.
Traffic violators who fail to appear
before the Men's Council at the
dates specified will be given double
sentences, according to Gordy
Campbell, chairman of the council.
This applies to all types of auto
mobile offenses, including speeding
and parking.
Traffic violators who fail to appear
before the Men's Council at the
dates specified will be given double
sentences, according to Gordy
Campbell, chairman of the council.
This applies to all types of auto
mobile offenses, including speeding
and parking.
Traffic violators who fail to appear
before the Men's Council at the
dates specified will be given double
sentences, according to Gordy
Campbell, chairman of the council.
This applies to all types of auto
mobile offenses, including speeding
and parking.
Traffic violators who fail to appear
before the Men's Council at the
dates specified will be given double
sentences, according to Gordy
Campbell, chairman of the council.
This applies to all types of auto
mobile offenses, including speeding
and parking.
Traffic violators who fail to appear
before the Men's Council at the
dates specified will be given double
sentences, according to Gordy
Campbell, chairman of the council.
This applies to all types of auto
mobile offenses, including speeding
and parking.
Traffic violators who fail to appear
before the Men's Council at the
dates specified will be given double
sentences, according to Gordy
Campbell, chairman of the council.
This applies to all types of auto
mobile offenses, including speeding
and parking.
Traffic violators who fail to appear
before the Men's Council at the
dates specified will be given double
sentences, according to Gordy
Campbell, chairman of the council.
This applies to all types of auto
mobile offenses, including speeding
and parking.
Traffic violators who fail to appear
before the Men's Council at the
dates specified will be given double
sentences, according to Gordy
Campbell, chairman of the council.
This applies to all types of auto
mobile offenses, including speeding
and parking.
Traffic violators who fail to appear
before the Men's Council at the
dates specified will be given double
sentences, according to Gordy
Campbell, chairman of the council.
This applies to all types of auto
mobile offenses, including speeding
and parking.
Traffic violators who fail to appear
before the Men's Council at the
dates specified will be given double
sentences, according to Gordy
Campbell, chairman of the council.
This applies to all types of auto
mobile offenses, including speeding
and parking.
