# FISHER TO GIVE TALK ON RUSSIA
## Tuesday Lectures Will Tell Of Workers' Status 
### 
Metropolitan papers yesterday
carried the news that the Soviet
government had discharged 30,000
"white-collar" employees, and at
7:30 o'clock tomorrow night in the
Little Theatre, H. H. Fisher, chair
man of the Committee on Russian
Research, will explain the relation
ship between "The Russian Worker
and His Government."
Fisher, who was an officer of the
American Relief Administration
during the World War, is now
chairman on the research committee
of the Hoover War Library. He is
directing the work of collecting,
translating, and editing the ma
terial on the background and re
sults of the Russian Revolution and
the policies of the present Soviet
Union.
In his talk, Fisher will trace the
steps which led to the Revolution,
and proceed to explain the effects
of the Revolution on Russian labor.
He will explain definitely the rela
tionship of the proletariat dictator
ship to the Communist Party and
the Soviet regime. The speaker
promises to contrast the unique la
bor organization in the Union of
Socialist Soviet Republics to the
situation of the workers in other
countries.
Fisher has already written an ac
count of "The Famine in Soviet
Russia, 1919-1923," and a book on
the "Revolution and Democracy" in
Finland will soon be ready for pub
lication.
Metropolitan papers yesterday
carried the news that the Soviet
government had discharged 30,000
"white-collar" employees, and at
7:30 o'clock tomorrow night in the
Little Theatre, H. H. Fisher, chair
man of the Committee on Russian
Research, will explain the relation
ship between "The Russian Worker
and His Government."
Fisher, who was an officer of the
American Relief Administration
during the World War, is now
chairman on the research committee
of the Hoover War Library. He is
directing the work of collecting,
translating, and editing the ma
terial on the background and re
sults of the Russian Revolution and
the policies of the present Soviet
Union.
In his talk, Fisher will trace the
steps which led to the Revolution,
and proceed to explain the effects
of the Revolution on Russian labor.
He will explain definitely the rela
tionship of the proletariat dictator
ship to the Communist Party and
the Soviet regime. The speaker
promises to contrast the unique la
bor organization in the Union of
Socialist Soviet Republics to the
situation of the workers in other
countries.
Fisher has already written an ac
count of "The Famine in Soviet
Russia, 1919-1923," and a book on
the "Revolution and Democracy" in
Finland will soon be ready for pub
lication.
Metropolitan papers yesterday
carried the news that the Soviet
government had discharged 30,000
"white-collar" employees, and at
7:30 o'clock tomorrow night in the
Little Theatre, H. H. Fisher, chair
man of the Committee on Russian
Research, will explain the relation
ship between "The Russian Worker
and His Government."
Fisher, who was an officer of the
American Relief Administration
during the World War, is now
chairman on the research committee
of the Hoover War Library. He is
directing the work of collecting,
translating, and editing the ma
terial on the background and re
sults of the Russian Revolution and
the policies of the present Soviet
Union.
In his talk, Fisher will trace the
steps which led to the Revolution,
and proceed to explain the effects
of the Revolution on Russian labor.
He will explain definitely the rela
tionship of the proletariat dictator
ship to the Communist Party and
the Soviet regime. The speaker
promises to contrast the unique la
bor organization in the Union of
Socialist Soviet Republics to the
situation of the workers in other
countries.
Fisher has already written an ac
count of "The Famine in Soviet
Russia, 1919-1923," and a book on
the "Revolution and Democracy" in
Finland will soon be ready for pub
lication.
Metropolitan papers yesterday
carried the news that the Soviet
government had discharged 30,000
"white-collar" employees, and at
7:30 o'clock tomorrow night in the
Little Theatre, H. H. Fisher, chair
man of the Committee on Russian
Research, will explain the relation
ship between "The Russian Worker
and His Government."
Fisher, who was an officer of the
American Relief Administration
during the World War, is now
chairman on the research committee
of the Hoover War Library. He is
directing the work of collecting,
translating, and editing the ma
terial on the background and re
sults of the Russian Revolution and
the policies of the present Soviet
Union.
In his talk, Fisher will trace the
steps which led to the Revolution,
and proceed to explain the effects
of the Revolution on Russian labor.
He will explain definitely the rela
tionship of the proletariat dictator
ship to the Communist Party and
the Soviet regime. The speaker
promises to contrast the unique la
bor organization in the Union of
Socialist Soviet Republics to the
situation of the workers in other
countries.
Fisher has already written an ac
count of "The Famine in Soviet
Russia, 1919-1923," and a book on
the "Revolution and Democracy" in
Finland will soon be ready for pub
lication.
Metropolitan papers yesterday
carried the news that the Soviet
government had discharged 30,000
"white-collar" employees, and at
7:30 o'clock tomorrow night in the
Little Theatre, H. H. Fisher, chair
man of the Committee on Russian
Research, will explain the relation
ship between "The Russian Worker
and His Government."
Fisher, who was an officer of the
American Relief Administration
during the World War, is now
chairman on the research committee
of the Hoover War Library. He is
directing the work of collecting,
translating, and editing the ma
terial on the background and re
sults of the Russian Revolution and
the policies of the present Soviet
Union.
In his talk, Fisher will trace the
steps which led to the Revolution,
and proceed to explain the effects
of the Revolution on Russian labor.
He will explain definitely the rela
tionship of the proletariat dictator
ship to the Communist Party and
the Soviet regime. The speaker
promises to contrast the unique la
bor organization in the Union of
Socialist Soviet Republics to the
situation of the workers in other
countries.
Fisher has already written an ac
count of "The Famine in Soviet
Russia, 1919-1923," and a book on
the "Revolution and Democracy" in
Finland will soon be ready for pub
lication.
Metropolitan papers yesterday
carried the news that the Soviet
government had discharged 30,000
"white-collar" employees, and at
7:30 o'clock tomorrow night in the
Little Theatre, H. H. Fisher, chair
man of the Committee on Russian
Research, will explain the relation
ship between "The Russian Worker
and His Government."
Fisher, who was an officer of the
American Relief Administration
during the World War, is now
chairman on the research committee
of the Hoover War Library. He is
directing the work of collecting,
translating, and editing the ma
terial on the background and re
sults of the Russian Revolution and
the policies of the present Soviet
Union.
In his talk, Fisher will trace the
steps which led to the Revolution,
and proceed to explain the effects
of the Revolution on Russian labor.
He will explain definitely the rela
tionship of the proletariat dictator
ship to the Communist Party and
the Soviet regime. The speaker
promises to contrast the unique la
bor organization in the Union of
Socialist Soviet Republics to the
situation of the workers in other
countries.
Fisher has already written an ac
count of "The Famine in Soviet
Russia, 1919-1923," and a book on
the "Revolution and Democracy" in
Finland will soon be ready for pub
lication.
Metropolitan papers yesterday
carried the news that the Soviet
government had discharged 30,000
"white-collar" employees, and at
7:30 o'clock tomorrow night in the
Little Theatre, H. H. Fisher, chair
man of the Committee on Russian
Research, will explain the relation
ship between "The Russian Worker
and His Government."
Fisher, who was an officer of the
American Relief Administration
during the World War, is now
chairman on the research committee
of the Hoover War Library. He is
directing the work of collecting,
translating, and editing the ma
terial on the background and re
sults of the Russian Revolution and
the policies of the present Soviet
Union.
In his talk, Fisher will trace the
steps which led to the Revolution,
and proceed to explain the effects
of the Revolution on Russian labor.
He will explain definitely the rela
tionship of the proletariat dictator
ship to the Communist Party and
the Soviet regime. The speaker
promises to contrast the unique la
bor organization in the Union of
Socialist Soviet Republics to the
situation of the workers in other
countries.
Fisher has already written an ac
count of "The Famine in Soviet
Russia, 1919-1923," and a book on
the "Revolution and Democracy" in
Finland will soon be ready for pub
lication.
Metropolitan papers yesterday
carried the news that the Soviet
government had discharged 30,000
"white-collar" employees, and at
7:30 o'clock tomorrow night in the
Little Theatre, H. H. Fisher, chair
man of the Committee on Russian
Research, will explain the relation
ship between "The Russian Worker
and His Government."
Fisher, who was an officer of the
American Relief Administration
during the World War, is now
chairman on the research committee
of the Hoover War Library. He is
directing the work of collecting,
translating, and editing the ma
terial on the background and re
sults of the Russian Revolution and
the policies of the present Soviet
Union.
In his talk, Fisher will trace the
steps which led to the Revolution,
and proceed to explain the effects
of the Revolution on Russian labor.
He will explain definitely the rela
tionship of the proletariat dictator
ship to the Communist Party and
the Soviet regime. The speaker
promises to contrast the unique la
bor organization in the Union of
Socialist Soviet Republics to the
situation of the workers in other
countries.
Fisher has already written an ac
count of "The Famine in Soviet
Russia, 1919-1923," and a book on
the "Revolution and Democracy" in
Finland will soon be ready for pub
lication.
Metropolitan papers yesterday
carried the news that the Soviet
government had discharged 30,000
"white-collar" employees, and at
7:30 o'clock tomorrow night in the
Little Theatre, H. H. Fisher, chair
man of the Committee on Russian
Research, will explain the relation
ship between "The Russian Worker
and His Government."
Fisher, who was an officer of the
American Relief Administration
during the World War, is now
chairman on the research committee
of the Hoover War Library. He is
directing the work of collecting,
translating, and editing the ma
terial on the background and re
sults of the Russian Revolution and
the policies of the present Soviet
Union.
In his talk, Fisher will trace the
steps which led to the Revolution,
and proceed to explain the effects
of the Revolution on Russian labor.
He will explain definitely the rela
tionship of the proletariat dictator
ship to the Communist Party and
the Soviet regime. The speaker
promises to contrast the unique la
bor organization in the Union of
Socialist Soviet Republics to the
situation of the workers in other
countries.
Fisher has already written an ac
count of "The Famine in Soviet
Russia, 1919-1923," and a book on
the "Revolution and Democracy" in
Finland will soon be ready for pub
lication.
Metropolitan papers yesterday
carried the news that the Soviet
government had discharged 30,000
"white-collar" employees, and at
7:30 o'clock tomorrow night in the
Little Theatre, H. H. Fisher, chair
man of the Committee on Russian
Research, will explain the relation
ship between "The Russian Worker
and His Government."
Fisher, who was an officer of the
American Relief Administration
during the World War, is now
chairman on the research committee
of the Hoover War Library. He is
directing the work of collecting,
translating, and editing the ma
terial on the background and re
sults of the Russian Revolution and
the policies of the present Soviet
Union.
In his talk, Fisher will trace the
steps which led to the Revolution,
and proceed to explain the effects
of the Revolution on Russian labor.
He will explain definitely the rela
tionship of the proletariat dictator
ship to the Communist Party and
the Soviet regime. The speaker
promises to contrast the unique la
bor organization in the Union of
Socialist Soviet Republics to the
situation of the workers in other
countries.
Fisher has already written an ac
count of "The Famine in Soviet
Russia, 1919-1923," and a book on
the "Revolution and Democracy" in
Finland will soon be ready for pub
lication.
Metropolitan papers yesterday
carried the news that the Soviet
government had discharged 30,000
"white-collar" employees, and at
7:30 o'clock tomorrow night in the
Little Theatre, H. H. Fisher, chair
man of the Committee on Russian
Research, will explain the relation
ship between "The Russian Worker
and His Government."
Fisher, who was an officer of the
American Relief Administration
during the World War, is now
chairman on the research committee
of the Hoover War Library. He is
directing the work of collecting,
translating, and editing the ma
terial on the background and re
sults of the Russian Revolution and
the policies of the present Soviet
Union.
In his talk, Fisher will trace the
steps which led to the Revolution,
and proceed to explain the effects
of the Revolution on Russian labor.
He will explain definitely the rela
tionship of the proletariat dictator
ship to the Communist Party and
the Soviet regime. The speaker
promises to contrast the unique la
bor organization in the Union of
Socialist Soviet Republics to the
situation of the workers in other
countries.
Fisher has already written an ac
count of "The Famine in Soviet
Russia, 1919-1923," and a book on
the "Revolution and Democracy" in
Finland will soon be ready for pub
lication.
Metropolitan papers yesterday
carried the news that the Soviet
government had discharged 30,000
"white-collar" employees, and at
7:30 o'clock tomorrow night in the
Little Theatre, H. H. Fisher, chair
man of the Committee on Russian
Research, will explain the relation
ship between "The Russian Worker
and His Government."
Fisher, who was an officer of the
American Relief Administration
during the World War, is now
chairman on the research committee
of the Hoover War Library. He is
directing the work of collecting,
translating, and editing the ma
terial on the background and re
sults of the Russian Revolution and
the policies of the present Soviet
Union.
In his talk, Fisher will trace the
steps which led to the Revolution,
and proceed to explain the effects
of the Revolution on Russian labor.
He will explain definitely the rela
tionship of the proletariat dictator
ship to the Communist Party and
the Soviet regime. The speaker
promises to contrast the unique la
bor organization in the Union of
Socialist Soviet Republics to the
situation of the workers in other
countries.
Fisher has already written an ac
count of "The Famine in Soviet
Russia, 1919-1923," and a book on
the "Revolution and Democracy" in
Finland will soon be ready for pub
lication.
Metropolitan papers yesterday
carried the news that the Soviet
government had discharged 30,000
"white-collar" employees, and at
7:30 o'clock tomorrow night in the
Little Theatre, H. H. Fisher, chair
man of the Committee on Russian
Research, will explain the relation
ship between "The Russian Worker
and His Government."
Fisher, who was an officer of the
American Relief Administration
during the World War, is now
chairman on the research committee
of the Hoover War Library. He is
directing the work of collecting,
translating, and editing the ma
terial on the background and re
sults of the Russian Revolution and
the policies of the present Soviet
Union.
In his talk, Fisher will trace the
steps which led to the Revolution,
and proceed to explain the effects
of the Revolution on Russian labor.
He will explain definitely the rela
tionship of the proletariat dictator
ship to the Communist Party and
the Soviet regime. The speaker
promises to contrast the unique la
bor organization in the Union of
Socialist Soviet Republics to the
situation of the workers in other
countries.
Fisher has already written an ac
count of "The Famine in Soviet
Russia, 1919-1923," and a book on
the "Revolution and Democracy" in
Finland will soon be ready for pub
lication.
Metropolitan papers yesterday
carried the news that the Soviet
government had discharged 30,000
"white-collar" employees, and at
7:30 o'clock tomorrow night in the
Little Theatre, H. H. Fisher, chair
man of the Committee on Russian
Research, will explain the relation
ship between "The Russian Worker
and His Government."
Fisher, who was an officer of the
American Relief Administration
during the World War, is now
chairman on the research committee
of the Hoover War Library. He is
directing the work of collecting,
translating, and editing the ma
terial on the background and re
sults of the Russian Revolution and
the policies of the present Soviet
Union.
In his talk, Fisher will trace the
steps which led to the Revolution,
and proceed to explain the effects
of the Revolution on Russian labor.
He will explain definitely the rela
tionship of the proletariat dictator
ship to the Communist Party and
the Soviet regime. The speaker
promises to contrast the unique la
bor organization in the Union of
Socialist Soviet Republics to the
situation of the workers in other
countries.
Fisher has already written an ac
count of "The Famine in Soviet
Russia, 1919-1923," and a book on
the "Revolution and Democracy" in
Finland will soon be ready for pub
lication.
Metropolitan papers yesterday
carried the news that the Soviet
government had discharged 30,000
"white-collar" employees, and at
7:30 o'clock tomorrow night in the
Little Theatre, H. H. Fisher, chair
man of the Committee on Russian
Research, will explain the relation
ship between "The Russian Worker
and His Government."
Fisher, who was an officer of the
American Relief Administration
during the World War, is now
chairman on the research committee
of the Hoover War Library. He is
directing the work of collecting,
translating, and editing the ma
terial on the background and re
sults of the Russian Revolution and
the policies of the present Soviet
Union.
In his talk, Fisher will trace the
steps which led to the Revolution,
and proceed to explain the effects
of the Revolution on Russian labor.
He will explain definitely the rela
tionship of the proletariat dictator
ship to the Communist Party and
the Soviet regime. The speaker
promises to contrast the unique la
bor organization in the Union of
Socialist Soviet Republics to the
situation of the workers in other
countries.
Fisher has already written an ac
count of "The Famine in Soviet
Russia, 1919-1923," and a book on
the "Revolution and Democracy" in
Finland will soon be ready for pub
lication.
Metropolitan papers yesterday
carried the news that the Soviet
government had discharged 30,000
"white-collar" employees, and at
7:30 o'clock tomorrow night in the
Little Theatre, H. H. Fisher, chair
man of the Committee on Russian
Research, will explain the relation
ship between "The Russian Worker
and His Government."
Fisher, who was an officer of the
American Relief Administration
during the World War, is now
chairman on the research committee
of the Hoover War Library. He is
directing the work of collecting,
translating, and editing the ma
terial on the background and re
sults of the Russian Revolution and
the policies of the present Soviet
Union.
In his talk, Fisher will trace the
steps which led to the Revolution,
and proceed to explain the effects
of the Revolution on Russian labor.
He will explain definitely the rela
tionship of the proletariat dictator
ship to the Communist Party and
the Soviet regime. The speaker
promises to contrast the unique la
bor organization in the Union of
Socialist Soviet Republics to the
situation of the workers in other
countries.
Fisher has already written an ac
count of "The Famine in Soviet
Russia, 1919-1923," and a book on
the "Revolution and Democracy" in
Finland will soon be ready for pub
lication.
