# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Five members of the varsity
football squad are now in the
hospital with mild attacks of the
flu. The quintet includes Stan
Anderson, Bob Maentz, Red
Gribben, Ed Kansoine, and Buck
Van Delicn.
Five members of the varsity
football squad are now in the
hospital with mild attacks of the
flu. The quintet includes Stan
Anderson, Bob Maentz, Red
Gribben, Ed Kansoine, and Buck
Van Delicn.
Five members of the varsity
football squad are now in the
hospital with mild attacks of the
flu. The quintet includes Stan
Anderson, Bob Maentz, Red
Gribben, Ed Kansoine, and Buck
Van Delicn.
Five members of the varsity
football squad are now in the
hospital with mild attacks of the
flu. The quintet includes Stan
Anderson, Bob Maentz, Red
Gribben, Ed Kansoine, and Buck
Van Delicn.
Five members of the varsity
football squad are now in the
hospital with mild attacks of the
flu. The quintet includes Stan
Anderson, Bob Maentz, Red
Gribben, Ed Kansoine, and Buck
Van Delicn.
Five members of the varsity
football squad are now in the
hospital with mild attacks of the
flu. The quintet includes Stan
Anderson, Bob Maentz, Red
Gribben, Ed Kansoine, and Buck
Van Delicn.
Five members of the varsity
football squad are now in the
hospital with mild attacks of the
flu. The quintet includes Stan
Anderson, Bob Maentz, Red
Gribben, Ed Kansoine, and Buck
Van Delicn.
Five members of the varsity
football squad are now in the
hospital with mild attacks of the
flu. The quintet includes Stan
Anderson, Bob Maentz, Red
Gribben, Ed Kansoine, and Buck
Van Delicn.
Five members of the varsity
football squad are now in the
hospital with mild attacks of the
flu. The quintet includes Stan
Anderson, Bob Maentz, Red
Gribben, Ed Kansoine, and Buck
Van Delicn.
Five members of the varsity
football squad are now in the
hospital with mild attacks of the
flu. The quintet includes Stan
Anderson, Bob Maentz, Red
Gribben, Ed Kansoine, and Buck
Van Delicn.
Five members of the varsity
football squad are now in the
hospital with mild attacks of the
flu. The quintet includes Stan
Anderson, Bob Maentz, Red
Gribben, Ed Kansoine, and Buck
Van Delicn.
Five members of the varsity
football squad are now in the
hospital with mild attacks of the
flu. The quintet includes Stan
Anderson, Bob Maentz, Red
Gribben, Ed Kansoine, and Buck
Van Delicn.
Five members of the varsity
football squad are now in the
hospital with mild attacks of the
flu. The quintet includes Stan
Anderson, Bob Maentz, Red
Gribben, Ed Kansoine, and Buck
Van Delicn.
Five members of the varsity
football squad are now in the
hospital with mild attacks of the
flu. The quintet includes Stan
Anderson, Bob Maentz, Red
Gribben, Ed Kansoine, and Buck
Van Delicn.
Five members of the varsity
football squad are now in the
hospital with mild attacks of the
flu. The quintet includes Stan
Anderson, Bob Maentz, Red
Gribben, Ed Kansoine, and Buck
Van Delicn.
Five members of the varsity
football squad are now in the
hospital with mild attacks of the
flu. The quintet includes Stan
Anderson, Bob Maentz, Red
Gribben, Ed Kansoine, and Buck
Van Delicn.
