# VICTOR
## 
### 

William Gibbs McAdoo, who was
clcctcd United States Senator from
California in the recent Democratic
landslide. McAdoo defeated Tallant
Tubbs and "Bob" Shulcr and will
replace Samuel Sliortridge.

William Gibbs McAdoo, who was
clcctcd United States Senator from
California in the recent Democratic
landslide. McAdoo defeated Tallant
Tubbs and "Bob" Shulcr and will
replace Samuel Sliortridge.

William Gibbs McAdoo, who was
clcctcd United States Senator from
California in the recent Democratic
landslide. McAdoo defeated Tallant
Tubbs and "Bob" Shulcr and will
replace Samuel Sliortridge.

William Gibbs McAdoo, who was
clcctcd United States Senator from
California in the recent Democratic
landslide. McAdoo defeated Tallant
Tubbs and "Bob" Shulcr and will
replace Samuel Sliortridge.

William Gibbs McAdoo, who was
clcctcd United States Senator from
California in the recent Democratic
landslide. McAdoo defeated Tallant
Tubbs and "Bob" Shulcr and will
replace Samuel Sliortridge.

William Gibbs McAdoo, who was
clcctcd United States Senator from
California in the recent Democratic
landslide. McAdoo defeated Tallant
Tubbs and "Bob" Shulcr and will
replace Samuel Sliortridge.

William Gibbs McAdoo, who was
clcctcd United States Senator from
California in the recent Democratic
landslide. McAdoo defeated Tallant
Tubbs and "Bob" Shulcr and will
replace Samuel Sliortridge.

William Gibbs McAdoo, who was
clcctcd United States Senator from
California in the recent Democratic
landslide. McAdoo defeated Tallant
Tubbs and "Bob" Shulcr and will
replace Samuel Sliortridge.

William Gibbs McAdoo, who was
clcctcd United States Senator from
California in the recent Democratic
landslide. McAdoo defeated Tallant
Tubbs and "Bob" Shulcr and will
replace Samuel Sliortridge.

William Gibbs McAdoo, who was
clcctcd United States Senator from
California in the recent Democratic
landslide. McAdoo defeated Tallant
Tubbs and "Bob" Shulcr and will
replace Samuel Sliortridge.

William Gibbs McAdoo, who was
clcctcd United States Senator from
California in the recent Democratic
landslide. McAdoo defeated Tallant
Tubbs and "Bob" Shulcr and will
replace Samuel Sliortridge.

William Gibbs McAdoo, who was
clcctcd United States Senator from
California in the recent Democratic
landslide. McAdoo defeated Tallant
Tubbs and "Bob" Shulcr and will
replace Samuel Sliortridge.

William Gibbs McAdoo, who was
clcctcd United States Senator from
California in the recent Democratic
landslide. McAdoo defeated Tallant
Tubbs and "Bob" Shulcr and will
replace Samuel Sliortridge.

William Gibbs McAdoo, who was
clcctcd United States Senator from
California in the recent Democratic
landslide. McAdoo defeated Tallant
Tubbs and "Bob" Shulcr and will
replace Samuel Sliortridge.

William Gibbs McAdoo, who was
clcctcd United States Senator from
California in the recent Democratic
landslide. McAdoo defeated Tallant
Tubbs and "Bob" Shulcr and will
replace Samuel Sliortridge.

William Gibbs McAdoo, who was
clcctcd United States Senator from
California in the recent Democratic
landslide. McAdoo defeated Tallant
Tubbs and "Bob" Shulcr and will
replace Samuel Sliortridge.
