# RESIGNS POST
## 
### 

W. Cameron Forbes of California,
whose resignation as U.S. Ambassa
dor to Japan was followed yesterday
by President Hoover's appointment
of Joseph H. Grew to the post.

W. Cameron Forbes of California,
whose resignation as U.S. Ambassa
dor to Japan was followed yesterday
by President Hoover's appointment
of Joseph H. Grew to the post.

W. Cameron Forbes of California,
whose resignation as U.S. Ambassa
dor to Japan was followed yesterday
by President Hoover's appointment
of Joseph H. Grew to the post.

W. Cameron Forbes of California,
whose resignation as U.S. Ambassa
dor to Japan was followed yesterday
by President Hoover's appointment
of Joseph H. Grew to the post.

W. Cameron Forbes of California,
whose resignation as U.S. Ambassa
dor to Japan was followed yesterday
by President Hoover's appointment
of Joseph H. Grew to the post.

W. Cameron Forbes of California,
whose resignation as U.S. Ambassa
dor to Japan was followed yesterday
by President Hoover's appointment
of Joseph H. Grew to the post.

W. Cameron Forbes of California,
whose resignation as U.S. Ambassa
dor to Japan was followed yesterday
by President Hoover's appointment
of Joseph H. Grew to the post.

W. Cameron Forbes of California,
whose resignation as U.S. Ambassa
dor to Japan was followed yesterday
by President Hoover's appointment
of Joseph H. Grew to the post.

W. Cameron Forbes of California,
whose resignation as U.S. Ambassa
dor to Japan was followed yesterday
by President Hoover's appointment
of Joseph H. Grew to the post.

W. Cameron Forbes of California,
whose resignation as U.S. Ambassa
dor to Japan was followed yesterday
by President Hoover's appointment
of Joseph H. Grew to the post.

W. Cameron Forbes of California,
whose resignation as U.S. Ambassa
dor to Japan was followed yesterday
by President Hoover's appointment
of Joseph H. Grew to the post.

W. Cameron Forbes of California,
whose resignation as U.S. Ambassa
dor to Japan was followed yesterday
by President Hoover's appointment
of Joseph H. Grew to the post.

W. Cameron Forbes of California,
whose resignation as U.S. Ambassa
dor to Japan was followed yesterday
by President Hoover's appointment
of Joseph H. Grew to the post.

W. Cameron Forbes of California,
whose resignation as U.S. Ambassa
dor to Japan was followed yesterday
by President Hoover's appointment
of Joseph H. Grew to the post.

W. Cameron Forbes of California,
whose resignation as U.S. Ambassa
dor to Japan was followed yesterday
by President Hoover's appointment
of Joseph H. Grew to the post.

W. Cameron Forbes of California,
whose resignation as U.S. Ambassa
dor to Japan was followed yesterday
by President Hoover's appointment
of Joseph H. Grew to the post.
