# WSC GAME MOVIES
## 
### 
The Stanford - Washington State
game movies will be shown at 7:15
tonight in Cubberley Auditorium.
Admission is free. Cardinals spon
sors this weekly showing of foot
ball films.
The Stanford - Washington State
game movies will be shown at 7:15
tonight in Cubberley Auditorium.
Admission is free. Cardinals spon
sors this weekly showing of foot
ball films.
The Stanford - Washington State
game movies will be shown at 7:15
tonight in Cubberley Auditorium.
Admission is free. Cardinals spon
sors this weekly showing of foot
ball films.
The Stanford - Washington State
game movies will be shown at 7:15
tonight in Cubberley Auditorium.
Admission is free. Cardinals spon
sors this weekly showing of foot
ball films.
The Stanford - Washington State
game movies will be shown at 7:15
tonight in Cubberley Auditorium.
Admission is free. Cardinals spon
sors this weekly showing of foot
ball films.
The Stanford - Washington State
game movies will be shown at 7:15
tonight in Cubberley Auditorium.
Admission is free. Cardinals spon
sors this weekly showing of foot
ball films.
The Stanford - Washington State
game movies will be shown at 7:15
tonight in Cubberley Auditorium.
Admission is free. Cardinals spon
sors this weekly showing of foot
ball films.
The Stanford - Washington State
game movies will be shown at 7:15
tonight in Cubberley Auditorium.
Admission is free. Cardinals spon
sors this weekly showing of foot
ball films.
The Stanford - Washington State
game movies will be shown at 7:15
tonight in Cubberley Auditorium.
Admission is free. Cardinals spon
sors this weekly showing of foot
ball films.
The Stanford - Washington State
game movies will be shown at 7:15
tonight in Cubberley Auditorium.
Admission is free. Cardinals spon
sors this weekly showing of foot
ball films.
The Stanford - Washington State
game movies will be shown at 7:15
tonight in Cubberley Auditorium.
Admission is free. Cardinals spon
sors this weekly showing of foot
ball films.
The Stanford - Washington State
game movies will be shown at 7:15
tonight in Cubberley Auditorium.
Admission is free. Cardinals spon
sors this weekly showing of foot
ball films.
The Stanford - Washington State
game movies will be shown at 7:15
tonight in Cubberley Auditorium.
Admission is free. Cardinals spon
sors this weekly showing of foot
ball films.
The Stanford - Washington State
game movies will be shown at 7:15
tonight in Cubberley Auditorium.
Admission is free. Cardinals spon
sors this weekly showing of foot
ball films.
The Stanford - Washington State
game movies will be shown at 7:15
tonight in Cubberley Auditorium.
Admission is free. Cardinals spon
sors this weekly showing of foot
ball films.
