# COSTUME CREW NEEDED
## 
### 
Costume crew workers are needed
for Big Game Gaieties. Students in
terested in working on the crew
should go to the Ram's Head room
in Mem Aud between 7:30 and 10:30
any night between now and Nov. 16.
Costume crew workers are needed
for Big Game Gaieties. Students in
terested in working on the crew
should go to the Ram's Head room
in Mem Aud between 7:30 and 10:30
any night between now and Nov. 16.
Costume crew workers are needed
for Big Game Gaieties. Students in
terested in working on the crew
should go to the Ram's Head room
in Mem Aud between 7:30 and 10:30
any night between now and Nov. 16.
Costume crew workers are needed
for Big Game Gaieties. Students in
terested in working on the crew
should go to the Ram's Head room
in Mem Aud between 7:30 and 10:30
any night between now and Nov. 16.
Costume crew workers are needed
for Big Game Gaieties. Students in
terested in working on the crew
should go to the Ram's Head room
in Mem Aud between 7:30 and 10:30
any night between now and Nov. 16.
Costume crew workers are needed
for Big Game Gaieties. Students in
terested in working on the crew
should go to the Ram's Head room
in Mem Aud between 7:30 and 10:30
any night between now and Nov. 16.
Costume crew workers are needed
for Big Game Gaieties. Students in
terested in working on the crew
should go to the Ram's Head room
in Mem Aud between 7:30 and 10:30
any night between now and Nov. 16.
Costume crew workers are needed
for Big Game Gaieties. Students in
terested in working on the crew
should go to the Ram's Head room
in Mem Aud between 7:30 and 10:30
any night between now and Nov. 16.
Costume crew workers are needed
for Big Game Gaieties. Students in
terested in working on the crew
should go to the Ram's Head room
in Mem Aud between 7:30 and 10:30
any night between now and Nov. 16.
Costume crew workers are needed
for Big Game Gaieties. Students in
terested in working on the crew
should go to the Ram's Head room
in Mem Aud between 7:30 and 10:30
any night between now and Nov. 16.
Costume crew workers are needed
for Big Game Gaieties. Students in
terested in working on the crew
should go to the Ram's Head room
in Mem Aud between 7:30 and 10:30
any night between now and Nov. 16.
Costume crew workers are needed
for Big Game Gaieties. Students in
terested in working on the crew
should go to the Ram's Head room
in Mem Aud between 7:30 and 10:30
any night between now and Nov. 16.
Costume crew workers are needed
for Big Game Gaieties. Students in
terested in working on the crew
should go to the Ram's Head room
in Mem Aud between 7:30 and 10:30
any night between now and Nov. 16.
Costume crew workers are needed
for Big Game Gaieties. Students in
terested in working on the crew
should go to the Ram's Head room
in Mem Aud between 7:30 and 10:30
any night between now and Nov. 16.
Costume crew workers are needed
for Big Game Gaieties. Students in
terested in working on the crew
should go to the Ram's Head room
in Mem Aud between 7:30 and 10:30
any night between now and Nov. 16.
