# INSIDE
## 
### 
Vertigo
Pac-10 phenom fullback
Tommy Vardell is leaving
defenses dizzy.
See Sports, page 7

Psycho
A "deranged" gunman kills
a man and holds 33 others
hostage at Cal.
See World & Nation, page 3

Notorious
The infamous Bug is back
on campus. But can you
beat him?
See Diversions, page 6

Vertigo
Pac-10 phenom fullback
Tommy Vardell is leaving
defenses dizzy.
See Sports, page 7

Psycho
A "deranged" gunman kills
a man and holds 33 others
hostage at Cal.
See World & Nation, page 3

Notorious
The infamous Bug is back
on campus. But can you
beat him?
See Diversions, page 6

Vertigo
Pac-10 phenom fullback
Tommy Vardell is leaving
defenses dizzy.
See Sports, page 7

Psycho
A "deranged" gunman kills
a man and holds 33 others
hostage at Cal.
See World & Nation, page 3

Notorious
The infamous Bug is back
on campus. But can you
beat him?
See Diversions, page 6

Vertigo
Pac-10 phenom fullback
Tommy Vardell is leaving
defenses dizzy.
See Sports, page 7

Psycho
A "deranged" gunman kills
a man and holds 33 others
hostage at Cal.
See World & Nation, page 3

Notorious
The infamous Bug is back
on campus. But can you
beat him?
See Diversions, page 6

Vertigo
Pac-10 phenom fullback
Tommy Vardell is leaving
defenses dizzy.
See Sports, page 7

Psycho
A "deranged" gunman kills
a man and holds 33 others
hostage at Cal.
See World & Nation, page 3

Notorious
The infamous Bug is back
on campus. But can you
beat him?
See Diversions, page 6

Vertigo
Pac-10 phenom fullback
Tommy Vardell is leaving
defenses dizzy.
See Sports, page 7

Psycho
A "deranged" gunman kills
a man and holds 33 others
hostage at Cal.
See World & Nation, page 3

Notorious
The infamous Bug is back
on campus. But can you
beat him?
See Diversions, page 6

