# ROAD PATRON DIES
## 
### 
CHELSEA, Mass., March 2. (/P) —
Wi 11iam E. McClintock, known as
a "father of good roads in Amer
ica," died at his home here today
at the age of 82.
CHELSEA, Mass., March 2. (/P) —
Wi 11iam E. McClintock, known as
a "father of good roads in Amer
ica," died at his home here today
at the age of 82.
CHELSEA, Mass., March 2. (/P) —
Wi 11iam E. McClintock, known as
a "father of good roads in Amer
ica," died at his home here today
at the age of 82.
CHELSEA, Mass., March 2. (/P) —
Wi 11iam E. McClintock, known as
a "father of good roads in Amer
ica," died at his home here today
at the age of 82.
CHELSEA, Mass., March 2. (/P) —
Wi 11iam E. McClintock, known as
a "father of good roads in Amer
ica," died at his home here today
at the age of 82.
CHELSEA, Mass., March 2. (/P) —
Wi 11iam E. McClintock, known as
a "father of good roads in Amer
ica," died at his home here today
at the age of 82.
CHELSEA, Mass., March 2. (/P) —
Wi 11iam E. McClintock, known as
a "father of good roads in Amer
ica," died at his home here today
at the age of 82.
CHELSEA, Mass., March 2. (/P) —
Wi 11iam E. McClintock, known as
a "father of good roads in Amer
ica," died at his home here today
at the age of 82.
CHELSEA, Mass., March 2. (/P) —
Wi 11iam E. McClintock, known as
a "father of good roads in Amer
ica," died at his home here today
at the age of 82.
CHELSEA, Mass., March 2. (/P) —
Wi 11iam E. McClintock, known as
a "father of good roads in Amer
ica," died at his home here today
at the age of 82.
CHELSEA, Mass., March 2. (/P) —
Wi 11iam E. McClintock, known as
a "father of good roads in Amer
ica," died at his home here today
at the age of 82.
CHELSEA, Mass., March 2. (/P) —
Wi 11iam E. McClintock, known as
a "father of good roads in Amer
ica," died at his home here today
at the age of 82.
CHELSEA, Mass., March 2. (/P) —
Wi 11iam E. McClintock, known as
a "father of good roads in Amer
ica," died at his home here today
at the age of 82.
CHELSEA, Mass., March 2. (/P) —
Wi 11iam E. McClintock, known as
a "father of good roads in Amer
ica," died at his home here today
at the age of 82.
CHELSEA, Mass., March 2. (/P) —
Wi 11iam E. McClintock, known as
a "father of good roads in Amer
ica," died at his home here today
at the age of 82.
