# "POP" WILL TRY NEW OFFENSE IN SPRING PRACTICE
## 
### 
Confirming ;i rumor that lie
is working out a "new offense"
for his football team to use
next fall, Coach Glenn Scobey
(l J op) Warner said yesterday
that he intends to give his
latest "C" formation, which is
a variation of "A" and "B," a
trial during spring practice
next quarter.
The "new offense," accord
ing to Warner, is likely to
prove more deceptive than
either of its predecessors, as
it provides for effective box
ing of the opposing tackles.
To accomplish this end, for
mation "C" features a bal
anced line with both ends a
yard out and the wing backs
playing just inside the ends
a yard back from the line of
scrimmage.
As in formation "B," dis
carded last fall in favor of
"A," the quarter and fullback
lineup three and six yards be
hind the forward wall respec
tively, ihe back player being
used in a triple threat capa
city.
