# Card Gridders Scrimmage In Preparation for MSC
## 
### 
Stanford's grid forces held a
30-minute scrimmage yesterday
in preparation for their intersec*
tional clash with Michigan State
this Saturday.
The Cards worked on pass offense
and pass defense during the scrim
mage, as Michigan State has a high
ly regarded pass offense.
Only three minor setbacks were
reported—tackle Chris Plain twisted
his ankle, Jack McKenna has a bad
leg, and end Dick Jones is out with
the flu.
According to Dutch Fehring, back
field coach, Michigan will use its
fabled "multiple offense"—a combi
nation of T-formation and single
wing plays. '
Card trainer Connie Jarvis termed
the Indians."in by far the best con
dition ever, after three games" on
Monday.
NOTHING SERIOUS
No serious injuries hampered the
Cards against Ohio State —termed by
some gridders as the cleanest oppo
nents played in some time. Only end
Joel Freis, with an injured rib, is
still on the varsity disabled list.
Hugh (Duffy) Daugherty, for eight
years an assistant to Clarence (Big
gie) Munn at East Lansing, is begin
ning his second year as teacher of
the complex Spartan offense.
Daugherty's 1954 Michigan State
team won three and lost six to wind
up in a tie for eighth place in the

Big Ten. Ohio State (beaten by
Stanford last week) was the winner
of the Big Ten last year.
Movies of the Spartan eleven were
shown to the Indian gridders on
Monday night, following practice.
OTHER P.C.C. TEAMS
In other PCC camps, UCLA coach
Red Sanders again switched two of
his ends and quarterbacks as he
drilled UCLA for Friday night's en
counter with undefeated Oregon
State.
John Herrmann will -start at left
end in place of Johnny Smith, while
Bruce Ballard will open at quarter
back instead of Bob Bergdahl.
