# Climbers hers to See Slides at Meeting
## 
### 
The Stanford Alpine Club will
feature slides of its summer activi
ties at its first business meeting of
the quarter, to be held in Room 121
of tho Business School tonight at
7:30.

The club trains persons in the
techniques of rock climbing. Prac
tice climbs are scheduled every Sun
day, and Yosemite trips are offered
to those who have climbing experi
ence.
The Stanford Alpine Club will
feature slides of its summer activi
ties at its first business meeting of
the quarter, to be held in Room 121
of tho Business School tonight at
7:30.

The club trains persons in the
techniques of rock climbing. Prac
tice climbs are scheduled every Sun
day, and Yosemite trips are offered
to those who have climbing experi
ence.
The Stanford Alpine Club will
feature slides of its summer activi
ties at its first business meeting of
the quarter, to be held in Room 121
of tho Business School tonight at
7:30.

The club trains persons in the
techniques of rock climbing. Prac
tice climbs are scheduled every Sun
day, and Yosemite trips are offered
to those who have climbing experi
ence.
The Stanford Alpine Club will
feature slides of its summer activi
ties at its first business meeting of
the quarter, to be held in Room 121
of tho Business School tonight at
7:30.

The club trains persons in the
techniques of rock climbing. Prac
tice climbs are scheduled every Sun
day, and Yosemite trips are offered
to those who have climbing experi
ence.
The Stanford Alpine Club will
feature slides of its summer activi
ties at its first business meeting of
the quarter, to be held in Room 121
of tho Business School tonight at
7:30.

The club trains persons in the
techniques of rock climbing. Prac
tice climbs are scheduled every Sun
day, and Yosemite trips are offered
to those who have climbing experi
ence.
The Stanford Alpine Club will
feature slides of its summer activi
ties at its first business meeting of
the quarter, to be held in Room 121
of tho Business School tonight at
7:30.

The club trains persons in the
techniques of rock climbing. Prac
tice climbs are scheduled every Sun
day, and Yosemite trips are offered
to those who have climbing experi
ence.
The Stanford Alpine Club will
feature slides of its summer activi
ties at its first business meeting of
the quarter, to be held in Room 121
of tho Business School tonight at
7:30.

The club trains persons in the
techniques of rock climbing. Prac
tice climbs are scheduled every Sun
day, and Yosemite trips are offered
to those who have climbing experi
ence.
The Stanford Alpine Club will
feature slides of its summer activi
ties at its first business meeting of
the quarter, to be held in Room 121
of tho Business School tonight at
7:30.

The club trains persons in the
techniques of rock climbing. Prac
tice climbs are scheduled every Sun
day, and Yosemite trips are offered
to those who have climbing experi
ence.
The Stanford Alpine Club will
feature slides of its summer activi
ties at its first business meeting of
the quarter, to be held in Room 121
of tho Business School tonight at
7:30.

The club trains persons in the
techniques of rock climbing. Prac
tice climbs are scheduled every Sun
day, and Yosemite trips are offered
to those who have climbing experi
ence.
The Stanford Alpine Club will
feature slides of its summer activi
ties at its first business meeting of
the quarter, to be held in Room 121
of tho Business School tonight at
7:30.

The club trains persons in the
techniques of rock climbing. Prac
tice climbs are scheduled every Sun
day, and Yosemite trips are offered
to those who have climbing experi
ence.
The Stanford Alpine Club will
feature slides of its summer activi
ties at its first business meeting of
the quarter, to be held in Room 121
of tho Business School tonight at
7:30.

The club trains persons in the
techniques of rock climbing. Prac
tice climbs are scheduled every Sun
day, and Yosemite trips are offered
to those who have climbing experi
ence.
The Stanford Alpine Club will
feature slides of its summer activi
ties at its first business meeting of
the quarter, to be held in Room 121
of tho Business School tonight at
7:30.

The club trains persons in the
techniques of rock climbing. Prac
tice climbs are scheduled every Sun
day, and Yosemite trips are offered
to those who have climbing experi
ence.
The Stanford Alpine Club will
feature slides of its summer activi
ties at its first business meeting of
the quarter, to be held in Room 121
of tho Business School tonight at
7:30.

The club trains persons in the
techniques of rock climbing. Prac
tice climbs are scheduled every Sun
day, and Yosemite trips are offered
to those who have climbing experi
ence.
The Stanford Alpine Club will
feature slides of its summer activi
ties at its first business meeting of
the quarter, to be held in Room 121
of tho Business School tonight at
7:30.

The club trains persons in the
techniques of rock climbing. Prac
tice climbs are scheduled every Sun
day, and Yosemite trips are offered
to those who have climbing experi
ence.
The Stanford Alpine Club will
feature slides of its summer activi
ties at its first business meeting of
the quarter, to be held in Room 121
of tho Business School tonight at
7:30.

The club trains persons in the
techniques of rock climbing. Prac
tice climbs are scheduled every Sun
day, and Yosemite trips are offered
to those who have climbing experi
ence.
