# Financial Grants Are Available To University Grad Students
## 
### 
Scholai'ships and fellowships for
graduate students have been offered
by the British Government, the Ford
Foundation and the American Asso
ciation of University Women for
the academic year 1955-56.
The British Government offers 12
scholarships to United States stu
dents who will be 28 on Oct. 1 of
the year the award is to be taken.
Candidates may write to the Brit
ish Consulate General, 310 Sansome
Street, San Francisco 4. Application
forms are available from British In
formation Services. Deadline is on
Oct. 15.
Twenty-eight fellowships are of
fered to women who have completed
residence wojk for the Ph.D. Addi
tional information may be obtained

from the Secretary, Committee on
Fellowship Awards, AAUW, 1634 Eye
St., N.W., Washington 6, D. C. Dead
line for application is Dec. 15.
Students who have completed their
undergraduate work at the end of
this year may apply for Ford fellow
ships. Programs are offered in Asia
and the Near East, the Soviet Union
and eastern Europe, and Africa.
Scholai'ships and fellowships for
graduate students have been offered
by the British Government, the Ford
Foundation and the American Asso
ciation of University Women for
the academic year 1955-56.
The British Government offers 12
scholarships to United States stu
dents who will be 28 on Oct. 1 of
the year the award is to be taken.
Candidates may write to the Brit
ish Consulate General, 310 Sansome
Street, San Francisco 4. Application
forms are available from British In
formation Services. Deadline is on
Oct. 15.
Twenty-eight fellowships are of
fered to women who have completed
residence wojk for the Ph.D. Addi
tional information may be obtained

from the Secretary, Committee on
Fellowship Awards, AAUW, 1634 Eye
St., N.W., Washington 6, D. C. Dead
line for application is Dec. 15.
Students who have completed their
undergraduate work at the end of
this year may apply for Ford fellow
ships. Programs are offered in Asia
and the Near East, the Soviet Union
and eastern Europe, and Africa.
Scholai'ships and fellowships for
graduate students have been offered
by the British Government, the Ford
Foundation and the American Asso
ciation of University Women for
the academic year 1955-56.
The British Government offers 12
scholarships to United States stu
dents who will be 28 on Oct. 1 of
the year the award is to be taken.
Candidates may write to the Brit
ish Consulate General, 310 Sansome
Street, San Francisco 4. Application
forms are available from British In
formation Services. Deadline is on
Oct. 15.
Twenty-eight fellowships are of
fered to women who have completed
residence wojk for the Ph.D. Addi
tional information may be obtained

from the Secretary, Committee on
Fellowship Awards, AAUW, 1634 Eye
St., N.W., Washington 6, D. C. Dead
line for application is Dec. 15.
Students who have completed their
undergraduate work at the end of
this year may apply for Ford fellow
ships. Programs are offered in Asia
and the Near East, the Soviet Union
and eastern Europe, and Africa.
Scholai'ships and fellowships for
graduate students have been offered
by the British Government, the Ford
Foundation and the American Asso
ciation of University Women for
the academic year 1955-56.
The British Government offers 12
scholarships to United States stu
dents who will be 28 on Oct. 1 of
the year the award is to be taken.
Candidates may write to the Brit
ish Consulate General, 310 Sansome
Street, San Francisco 4. Application
forms are available from British In
formation Services. Deadline is on
Oct. 15.
Twenty-eight fellowships are of
fered to women who have completed
residence wojk for the Ph.D. Addi
tional information may be obtained

from the Secretary, Committee on
Fellowship Awards, AAUW, 1634 Eye
St., N.W., Washington 6, D. C. Dead
line for application is Dec. 15.
Students who have completed their
undergraduate work at the end of
this year may apply for Ford fellow
ships. Programs are offered in Asia
and the Near East, the Soviet Union
and eastern Europe, and Africa.
Scholai'ships and fellowships for
graduate students have been offered
by the British Government, the Ford
Foundation and the American Asso
ciation of University Women for
the academic year 1955-56.
The British Government offers 12
scholarships to United States stu
dents who will be 28 on Oct. 1 of
the year the award is to be taken.
Candidates may write to the Brit
ish Consulate General, 310 Sansome
Street, San Francisco 4. Application
forms are available from British In
formation Services. Deadline is on
Oct. 15.
Twenty-eight fellowships are of
fered to women who have completed
residence wojk for the Ph.D. Addi
tional information may be obtained

from the Secretary, Committee on
Fellowship Awards, AAUW, 1634 Eye
St., N.W., Washington 6, D. C. Dead
line for application is Dec. 15.
Students who have completed their
undergraduate work at the end of
this year may apply for Ford fellow
ships. Programs are offered in Asia
and the Near East, the Soviet Union
and eastern Europe, and Africa.
Scholai'ships and fellowships for
graduate students have been offered
by the British Government, the Ford
Foundation and the American Asso
ciation of University Women for
the academic year 1955-56.
The British Government offers 12
scholarships to United States stu
dents who will be 28 on Oct. 1 of
the year the award is to be taken.
Candidates may write to the Brit
ish Consulate General, 310 Sansome
Street, San Francisco 4. Application
forms are available from British In
formation Services. Deadline is on
Oct. 15.
Twenty-eight fellowships are of
fered to women who have completed
residence wojk for the Ph.D. Addi
tional information may be obtained

from the Secretary, Committee on
Fellowship Awards, AAUW, 1634 Eye
St., N.W., Washington 6, D. C. Dead
line for application is Dec. 15.
Students who have completed their
undergraduate work at the end of
this year may apply for Ford fellow
ships. Programs are offered in Asia
and the Near East, the Soviet Union
and eastern Europe, and Africa.
Scholai'ships and fellowships for
graduate students have been offered
by the British Government, the Ford
Foundation and the American Asso
ciation of University Women for
the academic year 1955-56.
The British Government offers 12
scholarships to United States stu
dents who will be 28 on Oct. 1 of
the year the award is to be taken.
Candidates may write to the Brit
ish Consulate General, 310 Sansome
Street, San Francisco 4. Application
forms are available from British In
formation Services. Deadline is on
Oct. 15.
Twenty-eight fellowships are of
fered to women who have completed
residence wojk for the Ph.D. Addi
tional information may be obtained

from the Secretary, Committee on
Fellowship Awards, AAUW, 1634 Eye
St., N.W., Washington 6, D. C. Dead
line for application is Dec. 15.
Students who have completed their
undergraduate work at the end of
this year may apply for Ford fellow
ships. Programs are offered in Asia
and the Near East, the Soviet Union
and eastern Europe, and Africa.
Scholai'ships and fellowships for
graduate students have been offered
by the British Government, the Ford
Foundation and the American Asso
ciation of University Women for
the academic year 1955-56.
The British Government offers 12
scholarships to United States stu
dents who will be 28 on Oct. 1 of
the year the award is to be taken.
Candidates may write to the Brit
ish Consulate General, 310 Sansome
Street, San Francisco 4. Application
forms are available from British In
formation Services. Deadline is on
Oct. 15.
Twenty-eight fellowships are of
fered to women who have completed
residence wojk for the Ph.D. Addi
tional information may be obtained

from the Secretary, Committee on
Fellowship Awards, AAUW, 1634 Eye
St., N.W., Washington 6, D. C. Dead
line for application is Dec. 15.
Students who have completed their
undergraduate work at the end of
this year may apply for Ford fellow
ships. Programs are offered in Asia
and the Near East, the Soviet Union
and eastern Europe, and Africa.
Scholai'ships and fellowships for
graduate students have been offered
by the British Government, the Ford
Foundation and the American Asso
ciation of University Women for
the academic year 1955-56.
The British Government offers 12
scholarships to United States stu
dents who will be 28 on Oct. 1 of
the year the award is to be taken.
Candidates may write to the Brit
ish Consulate General, 310 Sansome
Street, San Francisco 4. Application
forms are available from British In
formation Services. Deadline is on
Oct. 15.
Twenty-eight fellowships are of
fered to women who have completed
residence wojk for the Ph.D. Addi
tional information may be obtained

from the Secretary, Committee on
Fellowship Awards, AAUW, 1634 Eye
St., N.W., Washington 6, D. C. Dead
line for application is Dec. 15.
Students who have completed their
undergraduate work at the end of
this year may apply for Ford fellow
ships. Programs are offered in Asia
and the Near East, the Soviet Union
and eastern Europe, and Africa.
Scholai'ships and fellowships for
graduate students have been offered
by the British Government, the Ford
Foundation and the American Asso
ciation of University Women for
the academic year 1955-56.
The British Government offers 12
scholarships to United States stu
dents who will be 28 on Oct. 1 of
the year the award is to be taken.
Candidates may write to the Brit
ish Consulate General, 310 Sansome
Street, San Francisco 4. Application
forms are available from British In
formation Services. Deadline is on
Oct. 15.
Twenty-eight fellowships are of
fered to women who have completed
residence wojk for the Ph.D. Addi
tional information may be obtained

from the Secretary, Committee on
Fellowship Awards, AAUW, 1634 Eye
St., N.W., Washington 6, D. C. Dead
line for application is Dec. 15.
Students who have completed their
undergraduate work at the end of
this year may apply for Ford fellow
ships. Programs are offered in Asia
and the Near East, the Soviet Union
and eastern Europe, and Africa.
Scholai'ships and fellowships for
graduate students have been offered
by the British Government, the Ford
Foundation and the American Asso
ciation of University Women for
the academic year 1955-56.
The British Government offers 12
scholarships to United States stu
dents who will be 28 on Oct. 1 of
the year the award is to be taken.
Candidates may write to the Brit
ish Consulate General, 310 Sansome
Street, San Francisco 4. Application
forms are available from British In
formation Services. Deadline is on
Oct. 15.
Twenty-eight fellowships are of
fered to women who have completed
residence wojk for the Ph.D. Addi
tional information may be obtained

from the Secretary, Committee on
Fellowship Awards, AAUW, 1634 Eye
St., N.W., Washington 6, D. C. Dead
line for application is Dec. 15.
Students who have completed their
undergraduate work at the end of
this year may apply for Ford fellow
ships. Programs are offered in Asia
and the Near East, the Soviet Union
and eastern Europe, and Africa.
Scholai'ships and fellowships for
graduate students have been offered
by the British Government, the Ford
Foundation and the American Asso
ciation of University Women for
the academic year 1955-56.
The British Government offers 12
scholarships to United States stu
dents who will be 28 on Oct. 1 of
the year the award is to be taken.
Candidates may write to the Brit
ish Consulate General, 310 Sansome
Street, San Francisco 4. Application
forms are available from British In
formation Services. Deadline is on
Oct. 15.
Twenty-eight fellowships are of
fered to women who have completed
residence wojk for the Ph.D. Addi
tional information may be obtained

from the Secretary, Committee on
Fellowship Awards, AAUW, 1634 Eye
St., N.W., Washington 6, D. C. Dead
line for application is Dec. 15.
Students who have completed their
undergraduate work at the end of
this year may apply for Ford fellow
ships. Programs are offered in Asia
and the Near East, the Soviet Union
and eastern Europe, and Africa.
Scholai'ships and fellowships for
graduate students have been offered
by the British Government, the Ford
Foundation and the American Asso
ciation of University Women for
the academic year 1955-56.
The British Government offers 12
scholarships to United States stu
dents who will be 28 on Oct. 1 of
the year the award is to be taken.
Candidates may write to the Brit
ish Consulate General, 310 Sansome
Street, San Francisco 4. Application
forms are available from British In
formation Services. Deadline is on
Oct. 15.
Twenty-eight fellowships are of
fered to women who have completed
residence wojk for the Ph.D. Addi
tional information may be obtained

from the Secretary, Committee on
Fellowship Awards, AAUW, 1634 Eye
St., N.W., Washington 6, D. C. Dead
line for application is Dec. 15.
Students who have completed their
undergraduate work at the end of
this year may apply for Ford fellow
ships. Programs are offered in Asia
and the Near East, the Soviet Union
and eastern Europe, and Africa.
Scholai'ships and fellowships for
graduate students have been offered
by the British Government, the Ford
Foundation and the American Asso
ciation of University Women for
the academic year 1955-56.
The British Government offers 12
scholarships to United States stu
dents who will be 28 on Oct. 1 of
the year the award is to be taken.
Candidates may write to the Brit
ish Consulate General, 310 Sansome
Street, San Francisco 4. Application
forms are available from British In
formation Services. Deadline is on
Oct. 15.
Twenty-eight fellowships are of
fered to women who have completed
residence wojk for the Ph.D. Addi
tional information may be obtained

from the Secretary, Committee on
Fellowship Awards, AAUW, 1634 Eye
St., N.W., Washington 6, D. C. Dead
line for application is Dec. 15.
Students who have completed their
undergraduate work at the end of
this year may apply for Ford fellow
ships. Programs are offered in Asia
and the Near East, the Soviet Union
and eastern Europe, and Africa.
Scholai'ships and fellowships for
graduate students have been offered
by the British Government, the Ford
Foundation and the American Asso
ciation of University Women for
the academic year 1955-56.
The British Government offers 12
scholarships to United States stu
dents who will be 28 on Oct. 1 of
the year the award is to be taken.
Candidates may write to the Brit
ish Consulate General, 310 Sansome
Street, San Francisco 4. Application
forms are available from British In
formation Services. Deadline is on
Oct. 15.
Twenty-eight fellowships are of
fered to women who have completed
residence wojk for the Ph.D. Addi
tional information may be obtained

from the Secretary, Committee on
Fellowship Awards, AAUW, 1634 Eye
St., N.W., Washington 6, D. C. Dead
line for application is Dec. 15.
Students who have completed their
undergraduate work at the end of
this year may apply for Ford fellow
ships. Programs are offered in Asia
and the Near East, the Soviet Union
and eastern Europe, and Africa.
