# Daily Biz Staff
## 
### 
There will be a staff meeting and
tryouts for new stalf members in
the Journalism library at 3 p.m.
Friday. All interested are invited
to attend.
There will be a staff meeting and
tryouts for new stalf members in
the Journalism library at 3 p.m.
Friday. All interested are invited
to attend.
There will be a staff meeting and
tryouts for new stalf members in
the Journalism library at 3 p.m.
Friday. All interested are invited
to attend.
There will be a staff meeting and
tryouts for new stalf members in
the Journalism library at 3 p.m.
Friday. All interested are invited
to attend.
There will be a staff meeting and
tryouts for new stalf members in
the Journalism library at 3 p.m.
Friday. All interested are invited
to attend.
There will be a staff meeting and
tryouts for new stalf members in
the Journalism library at 3 p.m.
Friday. All interested are invited
to attend.
There will be a staff meeting and
tryouts for new stalf members in
the Journalism library at 3 p.m.
Friday. All interested are invited
to attend.
There will be a staff meeting and
tryouts for new stalf members in
the Journalism library at 3 p.m.
Friday. All interested are invited
to attend.
There will be a staff meeting and
tryouts for new stalf members in
the Journalism library at 3 p.m.
Friday. All interested are invited
to attend.
There will be a staff meeting and
tryouts for new stalf members in
the Journalism library at 3 p.m.
Friday. All interested are invited
to attend.
There will be a staff meeting and
tryouts for new stalf members in
the Journalism library at 3 p.m.
Friday. All interested are invited
to attend.
There will be a staff meeting and
tryouts for new stalf members in
the Journalism library at 3 p.m.
Friday. All interested are invited
to attend.
There will be a staff meeting and
tryouts for new stalf members in
the Journalism library at 3 p.m.
Friday. All interested are invited
to attend.
There will be a staff meeting and
tryouts for new stalf members in
the Journalism library at 3 p.m.
Friday. All interested are invited
to attend.
There will be a staff meeting and
tryouts for new stalf members in
the Journalism library at 3 p.m.
Friday. All interested are invited
to attend.
