# LASSU Agenda
## 
### 
Tonight's regularly scheduled
meeting of the ASSU legislature is
latcd to begin at 8, rather than at
the u ual 7:30 starting time. The
meeting will be held at the Legis
lature room in thj Union. St >rtin<»
time was pushed a heal ber;au e of
President George Ralph' , p >rticipa
tion in the "Farm Foilie»" program
tonight.
Tonight's regularly scheduled
meeting of the ASSU legislature is
latcd to begin at 8, rather than at
the u ual 7:30 starting time. The
meeting will be held at the Legis
lature room in thj Union. St >rtin<»
time was pushed a heal ber;au e of
President George Ralph' , p >rticipa
tion in the "Farm Foilie»" program
tonight.
Tonight's regularly scheduled
meeting of the ASSU legislature is
latcd to begin at 8, rather than at
the u ual 7:30 starting time. The
meeting will be held at the Legis
lature room in thj Union. St >rtin<»
time was pushed a heal ber;au e of
President George Ralph' , p >rticipa
tion in the "Farm Foilie»" program
tonight.
Tonight's regularly scheduled
meeting of the ASSU legislature is
latcd to begin at 8, rather than at
the u ual 7:30 starting time. The
meeting will be held at the Legis
lature room in thj Union. St >rtin<»
time was pushed a heal ber;au e of
President George Ralph' , p >rticipa
tion in the "Farm Foilie»" program
tonight.
Tonight's regularly scheduled
meeting of the ASSU legislature is
latcd to begin at 8, rather than at
the u ual 7:30 starting time. The
meeting will be held at the Legis
lature room in thj Union. St >rtin<»
time was pushed a heal ber;au e of
President George Ralph' , p >rticipa
tion in the "Farm Foilie»" program
tonight.
Tonight's regularly scheduled
meeting of the ASSU legislature is
latcd to begin at 8, rather than at
the u ual 7:30 starting time. The
meeting will be held at the Legis
lature room in thj Union. St >rtin<»
time was pushed a heal ber;au e of
President George Ralph' , p >rticipa
tion in the "Farm Foilie»" program
tonight.
Tonight's regularly scheduled
meeting of the ASSU legislature is
latcd to begin at 8, rather than at
the u ual 7:30 starting time. The
meeting will be held at the Legis
lature room in thj Union. St >rtin<»
time was pushed a heal ber;au e of
President George Ralph' , p >rticipa
tion in the "Farm Foilie»" program
tonight.
Tonight's regularly scheduled
meeting of the ASSU legislature is
latcd to begin at 8, rather than at
the u ual 7:30 starting time. The
meeting will be held at the Legis
lature room in thj Union. St >rtin<»
time was pushed a heal ber;au e of
President George Ralph' , p >rticipa
tion in the "Farm Foilie»" program
tonight.
Tonight's regularly scheduled
meeting of the ASSU legislature is
latcd to begin at 8, rather than at
the u ual 7:30 starting time. The
meeting will be held at the Legis
lature room in thj Union. St >rtin<»
time was pushed a heal ber;au e of
President George Ralph' , p >rticipa
tion in the "Farm Foilie»" program
tonight.
Tonight's regularly scheduled
meeting of the ASSU legislature is
latcd to begin at 8, rather than at
the u ual 7:30 starting time. The
meeting will be held at the Legis
lature room in thj Union. St >rtin<»
time was pushed a heal ber;au e of
President George Ralph' , p >rticipa
tion in the "Farm Foilie»" program
tonight.
Tonight's regularly scheduled
meeting of the ASSU legislature is
latcd to begin at 8, rather than at
the u ual 7:30 starting time. The
meeting will be held at the Legis
lature room in thj Union. St >rtin<»
time was pushed a heal ber;au e of
President George Ralph' , p >rticipa
tion in the "Farm Foilie»" program
tonight.
Tonight's regularly scheduled
meeting of the ASSU legislature is
latcd to begin at 8, rather than at
the u ual 7:30 starting time. The
meeting will be held at the Legis
lature room in thj Union. St >rtin<»
time was pushed a heal ber;au e of
President George Ralph' , p >rticipa
tion in the "Farm Foilie»" program
tonight.
Tonight's regularly scheduled
meeting of the ASSU legislature is
latcd to begin at 8, rather than at
the u ual 7:30 starting time. The
meeting will be held at the Legis
lature room in thj Union. St >rtin<»
time was pushed a heal ber;au e of
President George Ralph' , p >rticipa
tion in the "Farm Foilie»" program
tonight.
Tonight's regularly scheduled
meeting of the ASSU legislature is
latcd to begin at 8, rather than at
the u ual 7:30 starting time. The
meeting will be held at the Legis
lature room in thj Union. St >rtin<»
time was pushed a heal ber;au e of
President George Ralph' , p >rticipa
tion in the "Farm Foilie»" program
tonight.
Tonight's regularly scheduled
meeting of the ASSU legislature is
latcd to begin at 8, rather than at
the u ual 7:30 starting time. The
meeting will be held at the Legis
lature room in thj Union. St >rtin<»
time was pushed a heal ber;au e of
President George Ralph' , p >rticipa
tion in the "Farm Foilie»" program
tonight.
