# Adv. 23 Page 4
## 
### 
Do 1-Jou HaOe
a Caieei Plan!
(S)
One of the most Interesting
and profitable careers In
which a young American
can Invest his future Is
FOREIGN TRADE
or
FOREIGN SERVICE
The
American Institute For
Foreign Trade offers you
graduate-level training ior
a satisfying and lucrative
career abroad. Advanced
degrees offered.
Arrange
through your
Placement Office
to talk to
an AIFT representative
Wednesday
February 1 7
1-4 P.M.
j
Do 1-Jou HaOe
a Caieei Plan!
(S)
One of the most Interesting
and profitable careers In
which a young American
can Invest his future Is
FOREIGN TRADE
or
FOREIGN SERVICE
The
American Institute For
Foreign Trade offers you
graduate-level training ior
a satisfying and lucrative
career abroad. Advanced
degrees offered.
Arrange
through your
Placement Office
to talk to
an AIFT representative
Wednesday
February 1 7
1-4 P.M.
j
Do 1-Jou HaOe
a Caieei Plan!
(S)
One of the most Interesting
and profitable careers In
which a young American
can Invest his future Is
FOREIGN TRADE
or
FOREIGN SERVICE
The
American Institute For
Foreign Trade offers you
graduate-level training ior
a satisfying and lucrative
career abroad. Advanced
degrees offered.
Arrange
through your
Placement Office
to talk to
an AIFT representative
Wednesday
February 1 7
1-4 P.M.
j
Do 1-Jou HaOe
a Caieei Plan!
(S)
One of the most Interesting
and profitable careers In
which a young American
can Invest his future Is
FOREIGN TRADE
or
FOREIGN SERVICE
The
American Institute For
Foreign Trade offers you
graduate-level training ior
a satisfying and lucrative
career abroad. Advanced
degrees offered.
Arrange
through your
Placement Office
to talk to
an AIFT representative
Wednesday
February 1 7
1-4 P.M.
j
Do 1-Jou HaOe
a Caieei Plan!
(S)
One of the most Interesting
and profitable careers In
which a young American
can Invest his future Is
FOREIGN TRADE
or
FOREIGN SERVICE
The
American Institute For
Foreign Trade offers you
graduate-level training ior
a satisfying and lucrative
career abroad. Advanced
degrees offered.
Arrange
through your
Placement Office
to talk to
an AIFT representative
Wednesday
February 1 7
1-4 P.M.
j
Do 1-Jou HaOe
a Caieei Plan!
(S)
One of the most Interesting
and profitable careers In
which a young American
can Invest his future Is
FOREIGN TRADE
or
FOREIGN SERVICE
The
American Institute For
Foreign Trade offers you
graduate-level training ior
a satisfying and lucrative
career abroad. Advanced
degrees offered.
Arrange
through your
Placement Office
to talk to
an AIFT representative
Wednesday
February 1 7
1-4 P.M.
j
Do 1-Jou HaOe
a Caieei Plan!
(S)
One of the most Interesting
and profitable careers In
which a young American
can Invest his future Is
FOREIGN TRADE
or
FOREIGN SERVICE
The
American Institute For
Foreign Trade offers you
graduate-level training ior
a satisfying and lucrative
career abroad. Advanced
degrees offered.
Arrange
through your
Placement Office
to talk to
an AIFT representative
Wednesday
February 1 7
1-4 P.M.
j
Do 1-Jou HaOe
a Caieei Plan!
(S)
One of the most Interesting
and profitable careers In
which a young American
can Invest his future Is
FOREIGN TRADE
or
FOREIGN SERVICE
The
American Institute For
Foreign Trade offers you
graduate-level training ior
a satisfying and lucrative
career abroad. Advanced
degrees offered.
Arrange
through your
Placement Office
to talk to
an AIFT representative
Wednesday
February 1 7
1-4 P.M.
j
Do 1-Jou HaOe
a Caieei Plan!
(S)
One of the most Interesting
and profitable careers In
which a young American
can Invest his future Is
FOREIGN TRADE
or
FOREIGN SERVICE
The
American Institute For
Foreign Trade offers you
graduate-level training ior
a satisfying and lucrative
career abroad. Advanced
degrees offered.
Arrange
through your
Placement Office
to talk to
an AIFT representative
Wednesday
February 1 7
1-4 P.M.
j
Do 1-Jou HaOe
a Caieei Plan!
(S)
One of the most Interesting
and profitable careers In
which a young American
can Invest his future Is
FOREIGN TRADE
or
FOREIGN SERVICE
The
American Institute For
Foreign Trade offers you
graduate-level training ior
a satisfying and lucrative
career abroad. Advanced
degrees offered.
Arrange
through your
Placement Office
to talk to
an AIFT representative
Wednesday
February 1 7
1-4 P.M.
j
Do 1-Jou HaOe
a Caieei Plan!
(S)
One of the most Interesting
and profitable careers In
which a young American
can Invest his future Is
FOREIGN TRADE
or
FOREIGN SERVICE
The
American Institute For
Foreign Trade offers you
graduate-level training ior
a satisfying and lucrative
career abroad. Advanced
degrees offered.
Arrange
through your
Placement Office
to talk to
an AIFT representative
Wednesday
February 1 7
1-4 P.M.
j
Do 1-Jou HaOe
a Caieei Plan!
(S)
One of the most Interesting
and profitable careers In
which a young American
can Invest his future Is
FOREIGN TRADE
or
FOREIGN SERVICE
The
American Institute For
Foreign Trade offers you
graduate-level training ior
a satisfying and lucrative
career abroad. Advanced
degrees offered.
Arrange
through your
Placement Office
to talk to
an AIFT representative
Wednesday
February 1 7
1-4 P.M.
j
Do 1-Jou HaOe
a Caieei Plan!
(S)
One of the most Interesting
and profitable careers In
which a young American
can Invest his future Is
FOREIGN TRADE
or
FOREIGN SERVICE
The
American Institute For
Foreign Trade offers you
graduate-level training ior
a satisfying and lucrative
career abroad. Advanced
degrees offered.
Arrange
through your
Placement Office
to talk to
an AIFT representative
Wednesday
February 1 7
1-4 P.M.
j
Do 1-Jou HaOe
a Caieei Plan!
(S)
One of the most Interesting
and profitable careers In
which a young American
can Invest his future Is
FOREIGN TRADE
or
FOREIGN SERVICE
The
American Institute For
Foreign Trade offers you
graduate-level training ior
a satisfying and lucrative
career abroad. Advanced
degrees offered.
Arrange
through your
Placement Office
to talk to
an AIFT representative
Wednesday
February 1 7
1-4 P.M.
j
Do 1-Jou HaOe
a Caieei Plan!
(S)
One of the most Interesting
and profitable careers In
which a young American
can Invest his future Is
FOREIGN TRADE
or
FOREIGN SERVICE
The
American Institute For
Foreign Trade offers you
graduate-level training ior
a satisfying and lucrative
career abroad. Advanced
degrees offered.
Arrange
through your
Placement Office
to talk to
an AIFT representative
Wednesday
February 1 7
1-4 P.M.
j
Do 1-Jou HaOe
a Caieei Plan!
(S)
One of the most Interesting
and profitable careers In
which a young American
can Invest his future Is
FOREIGN TRADE
or
FOREIGN SERVICE
The
American Institute For
Foreign Trade offers you
graduate-level training ior
a satisfying and lucrative
career abroad. Advanced
degrees offered.
Arrange
through your
Placement Office
to talk to
an AIFT representative
Wednesday
February 1 7
1-4 P.M.
j
Do 1-Jou HaOe
a Caieei Plan!
(S)
One of the most Interesting
and profitable careers In
which a young American
can Invest his future Is
FOREIGN TRADE
or
FOREIGN SERVICE
The
American Institute For
Foreign Trade offers you
graduate-level training ior
a satisfying and lucrative
career abroad. Advanced
degrees offered.
Arrange
through your
Placement Office
to talk to
an AIFT representative
Wednesday
February 1 7
1-4 P.M.
j
