# Mottley Joins SRI Planning Board
## 
### 
Dr. CM. Mottley has joined the
Stanford Research Institute as
senior scientist and chairman of
the planning board, it was an
nounced by E. Finley Carter, pres
ident of the non-profit research
organization.
I)r. Molt ley. a native of Bowling
Green. Kentucky, studied at the
University of British Columbia
and earned his Ph.D. at the Uni
versity of Toronto.
Dr. CM. Mottley has joined the
Stanford Research Institute as
senior scientist and chairman of
the planning board, it was an
nounced by E. Finley Carter, pres
ident of the non-profit research
organization.
I)r. Molt ley. a native of Bowling
Green. Kentucky, studied at the
University of British Columbia
and earned his Ph.D. at the Uni
versity of Toronto.
Dr. CM. Mottley has joined the
Stanford Research Institute as
senior scientist and chairman of
the planning board, it was an
nounced by E. Finley Carter, pres
ident of the non-profit research
organization.
I)r. Molt ley. a native of Bowling
Green. Kentucky, studied at the
University of British Columbia
and earned his Ph.D. at the Uni
versity of Toronto.
Dr. CM. Mottley has joined the
Stanford Research Institute as
senior scientist and chairman of
the planning board, it was an
nounced by E. Finley Carter, pres
ident of the non-profit research
organization.
I)r. Molt ley. a native of Bowling
Green. Kentucky, studied at the
University of British Columbia
and earned his Ph.D. at the Uni
versity of Toronto.
Dr. CM. Mottley has joined the
Stanford Research Institute as
senior scientist and chairman of
the planning board, it was an
nounced by E. Finley Carter, pres
ident of the non-profit research
organization.
I)r. Molt ley. a native of Bowling
Green. Kentucky, studied at the
University of British Columbia
and earned his Ph.D. at the Uni
versity of Toronto.
Dr. CM. Mottley has joined the
Stanford Research Institute as
senior scientist and chairman of
the planning board, it was an
nounced by E. Finley Carter, pres
ident of the non-profit research
organization.
I)r. Molt ley. a native of Bowling
Green. Kentucky, studied at the
University of British Columbia
and earned his Ph.D. at the Uni
versity of Toronto.
Dr. CM. Mottley has joined the
Stanford Research Institute as
senior scientist and chairman of
the planning board, it was an
nounced by E. Finley Carter, pres
ident of the non-profit research
organization.
I)r. Molt ley. a native of Bowling
Green. Kentucky, studied at the
University of British Columbia
and earned his Ph.D. at the Uni
versity of Toronto.
Dr. CM. Mottley has joined the
Stanford Research Institute as
senior scientist and chairman of
the planning board, it was an
nounced by E. Finley Carter, pres
ident of the non-profit research
organization.
I)r. Molt ley. a native of Bowling
Green. Kentucky, studied at the
University of British Columbia
and earned his Ph.D. at the Uni
versity of Toronto.
Dr. CM. Mottley has joined the
Stanford Research Institute as
senior scientist and chairman of
the planning board, it was an
nounced by E. Finley Carter, pres
ident of the non-profit research
organization.
I)r. Molt ley. a native of Bowling
Green. Kentucky, studied at the
University of British Columbia
and earned his Ph.D. at the Uni
versity of Toronto.
Dr. CM. Mottley has joined the
Stanford Research Institute as
senior scientist and chairman of
the planning board, it was an
nounced by E. Finley Carter, pres
ident of the non-profit research
organization.
I)r. Molt ley. a native of Bowling
Green. Kentucky, studied at the
University of British Columbia
and earned his Ph.D. at the Uni
versity of Toronto.
Dr. CM. Mottley has joined the
Stanford Research Institute as
senior scientist and chairman of
the planning board, it was an
nounced by E. Finley Carter, pres
ident of the non-profit research
organization.
I)r. Molt ley. a native of Bowling
Green. Kentucky, studied at the
University of British Columbia
and earned his Ph.D. at the Uni
versity of Toronto.
Dr. CM. Mottley has joined the
Stanford Research Institute as
senior scientist and chairman of
the planning board, it was an
nounced by E. Finley Carter, pres
ident of the non-profit research
organization.
I)r. Molt ley. a native of Bowling
Green. Kentucky, studied at the
University of British Columbia
and earned his Ph.D. at the Uni
versity of Toronto.
Dr. CM. Mottley has joined the
Stanford Research Institute as
senior scientist and chairman of
the planning board, it was an
nounced by E. Finley Carter, pres
ident of the non-profit research
organization.
I)r. Molt ley. a native of Bowling
Green. Kentucky, studied at the
University of British Columbia
and earned his Ph.D. at the Uni
versity of Toronto.
Dr. CM. Mottley has joined the
Stanford Research Institute as
senior scientist and chairman of
the planning board, it was an
nounced by E. Finley Carter, pres
ident of the non-profit research
organization.
I)r. Molt ley. a native of Bowling
Green. Kentucky, studied at the
University of British Columbia
and earned his Ph.D. at the Uni
versity of Toronto.
Dr. CM. Mottley has joined the
Stanford Research Institute as
senior scientist and chairman of
the planning board, it was an
nounced by E. Finley Carter, pres
ident of the non-profit research
organization.
I)r. Molt ley. a native of Bowling
Green. Kentucky, studied at the
University of British Columbia
and earned his Ph.D. at the Uni
versity of Toronto.
Dr. CM. Mottley has joined the
Stanford Research Institute as
senior scientist and chairman of
the planning board, it was an
nounced by E. Finley Carter, pres
ident of the non-profit research
organization.
I)r. Molt ley. a native of Bowling
Green. Kentucky, studied at the
University of British Columbia
and earned his Ph.D. at the Uni
versity of Toronto.
Dr. CM. Mottley has joined the
Stanford Research Institute as
senior scientist and chairman of
the planning board, it was an
nounced by E. Finley Carter, pres
ident of the non-profit research
organization.
I)r. Molt ley. a native of Bowling
Green. Kentucky, studied at the
University of British Columbia
and earned his Ph.D. at the Uni
versity of Toronto.
