# Freshman Skit Tryouts Today for Pajamarino
## 
### 
Tryouts for freshman skits and
acts for the traditional Pajama
rino rally Friday will he given to
day at 2:15 p.m. in the Rally Com
office by Sue Sargent and Ted
llolcomh.
£kits, which may range from
musicals to monologues, must be
written by freslnnen and be about
four, minutes long.
Tryouts for freshman skits and
acts for the traditional Pajama
rino rally Friday will he given to
day at 2:15 p.m. in the Rally Com
office by Sue Sargent and Ted
llolcomh.
£kits, which may range from
musicals to monologues, must be
written by freslnnen and be about
four, minutes long.
Tryouts for freshman skits and
acts for the traditional Pajama
rino rally Friday will he given to
day at 2:15 p.m. in the Rally Com
office by Sue Sargent and Ted
llolcomh.
£kits, which may range from
musicals to monologues, must be
written by freslnnen and be about
four, minutes long.
Tryouts for freshman skits and
acts for the traditional Pajama
rino rally Friday will he given to
day at 2:15 p.m. in the Rally Com
office by Sue Sargent and Ted
llolcomh.
£kits, which may range from
musicals to monologues, must be
written by freslnnen and be about
four, minutes long.
Tryouts for freshman skits and
acts for the traditional Pajama
rino rally Friday will he given to
day at 2:15 p.m. in the Rally Com
office by Sue Sargent and Ted
llolcomh.
£kits, which may range from
musicals to monologues, must be
written by freslnnen and be about
four, minutes long.
Tryouts for freshman skits and
acts for the traditional Pajama
rino rally Friday will he given to
day at 2:15 p.m. in the Rally Com
office by Sue Sargent and Ted
llolcomh.
£kits, which may range from
musicals to monologues, must be
written by freslnnen and be about
four, minutes long.
Tryouts for freshman skits and
acts for the traditional Pajama
rino rally Friday will he given to
day at 2:15 p.m. in the Rally Com
office by Sue Sargent and Ted
llolcomh.
£kits, which may range from
musicals to monologues, must be
written by freslnnen and be about
four, minutes long.
Tryouts for freshman skits and
acts for the traditional Pajama
rino rally Friday will he given to
day at 2:15 p.m. in the Rally Com
office by Sue Sargent and Ted
llolcomh.
£kits, which may range from
musicals to monologues, must be
written by freslnnen and be about
four, minutes long.
Tryouts for freshman skits and
acts for the traditional Pajama
rino rally Friday will he given to
day at 2:15 p.m. in the Rally Com
office by Sue Sargent and Ted
llolcomh.
£kits, which may range from
musicals to monologues, must be
written by freslnnen and be about
four, minutes long.
Tryouts for freshman skits and
acts for the traditional Pajama
rino rally Friday will he given to
day at 2:15 p.m. in the Rally Com
office by Sue Sargent and Ted
llolcomh.
£kits, which may range from
musicals to monologues, must be
written by freslnnen and be about
four, minutes long.
Tryouts for freshman skits and
acts for the traditional Pajama
rino rally Friday will he given to
day at 2:15 p.m. in the Rally Com
office by Sue Sargent and Ted
llolcomh.
£kits, which may range from
musicals to monologues, must be
written by freslnnen and be about
four, minutes long.
Tryouts for freshman skits and
acts for the traditional Pajama
rino rally Friday will he given to
day at 2:15 p.m. in the Rally Com
office by Sue Sargent and Ted
llolcomh.
£kits, which may range from
musicals to monologues, must be
written by freslnnen and be about
four, minutes long.
Tryouts for freshman skits and
acts for the traditional Pajama
rino rally Friday will he given to
day at 2:15 p.m. in the Rally Com
office by Sue Sargent and Ted
llolcomh.
£kits, which may range from
musicals to monologues, must be
written by freslnnen and be about
four, minutes long.
Tryouts for freshman skits and
acts for the traditional Pajama
rino rally Friday will he given to
day at 2:15 p.m. in the Rally Com
office by Sue Sargent and Ted
llolcomh.
£kits, which may range from
musicals to monologues, must be
written by freslnnen and be about
four, minutes long.
Tryouts for freshman skits and
acts for the traditional Pajama
rino rally Friday will he given to
day at 2:15 p.m. in the Rally Com
office by Sue Sargent and Ted
llolcomh.
£kits, which may range from
musicals to monologues, must be
written by freslnnen and be about
four, minutes long.
Tryouts for freshman skits and
acts for the traditional Pajama
rino rally Friday will he given to
day at 2:15 p.m. in the Rally Com
office by Sue Sargent and Ted
llolcomh.
£kits, which may range from
musicals to monologues, must be
written by freslnnen and be about
four, minutes long.
