# And the winner is...
## 
### 
At halftime of the championship game of the Apple Invitational,
Stanford President Donald Kennedy and KSFO radio broadcaster
Bob Murphy announced the last 15 students who received the
opportunity to purchase tickets for Super Bowl XIX. Whether
those students decide to go to the game or make some money is
another question. See story page 3.


Jill Gilbert/Daily
At halftime of the championship game of the Apple Invitational,
Stanford President Donald Kennedy and KSFO radio broadcaster
Bob Murphy announced the last 15 students who received the
opportunity to purchase tickets for Super Bowl XIX. Whether
those students decide to go to the game or make some money is
another question. See story page 3.


Jill Gilbert/Daily
At halftime of the championship game of the Apple Invitational,
Stanford President Donald Kennedy and KSFO radio broadcaster
Bob Murphy announced the last 15 students who received the
opportunity to purchase tickets for Super Bowl XIX. Whether
those students decide to go to the game or make some money is
another question. See story page 3.


Jill Gilbert/Daily
At halftime of the championship game of the Apple Invitational,
Stanford President Donald Kennedy and KSFO radio broadcaster
Bob Murphy announced the last 15 students who received the
opportunity to purchase tickets for Super Bowl XIX. Whether
those students decide to go to the game or make some money is
another question. See story page 3.


Jill Gilbert/Daily
At halftime of the championship game of the Apple Invitational,
Stanford President Donald Kennedy and KSFO radio broadcaster
Bob Murphy announced the last 15 students who received the
opportunity to purchase tickets for Super Bowl XIX. Whether
those students decide to go to the game or make some money is
another question. See story page 3.


Jill Gilbert/Daily
At halftime of the championship game of the Apple Invitational,
Stanford President Donald Kennedy and KSFO radio broadcaster
Bob Murphy announced the last 15 students who received the
opportunity to purchase tickets for Super Bowl XIX. Whether
those students decide to go to the game or make some money is
another question. See story page 3.


Jill Gilbert/Daily
At halftime of the championship game of the Apple Invitational,
Stanford President Donald Kennedy and KSFO radio broadcaster
Bob Murphy announced the last 15 students who received the
opportunity to purchase tickets for Super Bowl XIX. Whether
those students decide to go to the game or make some money is
another question. See story page 3.


Jill Gilbert/Daily
At halftime of the championship game of the Apple Invitational,
Stanford President Donald Kennedy and KSFO radio broadcaster
Bob Murphy announced the last 15 students who received the
opportunity to purchase tickets for Super Bowl XIX. Whether
those students decide to go to the game or make some money is
another question. See story page 3.


Jill Gilbert/Daily
