# Traveller
## 
### 

joiin McClelland
President of Sigma Delta Chi,
professional journalism fraternity,
who leaves this mornig for the na
tional convention of that organi
zation in Dallas, Texas.

joiin McClelland
President of Sigma Delta Chi,
professional journalism fraternity,
who leaves this mornig for the na
tional convention of that organi
zation in Dallas, Texas.

joiin McClelland
President of Sigma Delta Chi,
professional journalism fraternity,
who leaves this mornig for the na
tional convention of that organi
zation in Dallas, Texas.

joiin McClelland
President of Sigma Delta Chi,
professional journalism fraternity,
who leaves this mornig for the na
tional convention of that organi
zation in Dallas, Texas.

joiin McClelland
President of Sigma Delta Chi,
professional journalism fraternity,
who leaves this mornig for the na
tional convention of that organi
zation in Dallas, Texas.

joiin McClelland
President of Sigma Delta Chi,
professional journalism fraternity,
who leaves this mornig for the na
tional convention of that organi
zation in Dallas, Texas.

joiin McClelland
President of Sigma Delta Chi,
professional journalism fraternity,
who leaves this mornig for the na
tional convention of that organi
zation in Dallas, Texas.

joiin McClelland
President of Sigma Delta Chi,
professional journalism fraternity,
who leaves this mornig for the na
tional convention of that organi
zation in Dallas, Texas.

joiin McClelland
President of Sigma Delta Chi,
professional journalism fraternity,
who leaves this mornig for the na
tional convention of that organi
zation in Dallas, Texas.

joiin McClelland
President of Sigma Delta Chi,
professional journalism fraternity,
who leaves this mornig for the na
tional convention of that organi
zation in Dallas, Texas.

joiin McClelland
President of Sigma Delta Chi,
professional journalism fraternity,
who leaves this mornig for the na
tional convention of that organi
zation in Dallas, Texas.

joiin McClelland
President of Sigma Delta Chi,
professional journalism fraternity,
who leaves this mornig for the na
tional convention of that organi
zation in Dallas, Texas.

joiin McClelland
President of Sigma Delta Chi,
professional journalism fraternity,
who leaves this mornig for the na
tional convention of that organi
zation in Dallas, Texas.

joiin McClelland
President of Sigma Delta Chi,
professional journalism fraternity,
who leaves this mornig for the na
tional convention of that organi
zation in Dallas, Texas.

joiin McClelland
President of Sigma Delta Chi,
professional journalism fraternity,
who leaves this mornig for the na
tional convention of that organi
zation in Dallas, Texas.

joiin McClelland
President of Sigma Delta Chi,
professional journalism fraternity,
who leaves this mornig for the na
tional convention of that organi
zation in Dallas, Texas.
