# Farm, Cal Feud On Radio Tonight
## 
### 
Two Stanford students, Art Gore,
senior class president, and Jerry
Mayer, Daily associate editor, will
represent the Farm in a Big Game
radio program to be conducted from
the studios of KSFO in the Palace
Hotel tonight from 10:30 to 11 o'-
clock.
Feuding over the air with the
Stanford men will be Bob Wil
liams, Cal's senior class head, and
Stan Cohn, sports representative of
the University of California News
Bureau.
Doug Montell, noted sports-caster
who will broadcast Saturday's game,
will furnish color and .setting for
the program, which will be heard
over the networks of C.B.S. Cali
fornia's band and glee club will
provide music.
Two Stanford students, Art Gore,
senior class president, and Jerry
Mayer, Daily associate editor, will
represent the Farm in a Big Game
radio program to be conducted from
the studios of KSFO in the Palace
Hotel tonight from 10:30 to 11 o'-
clock.
Feuding over the air with the
Stanford men will be Bob Wil
liams, Cal's senior class head, and
Stan Cohn, sports representative of
the University of California News
Bureau.
Doug Montell, noted sports-caster
who will broadcast Saturday's game,
will furnish color and .setting for
the program, which will be heard
over the networks of C.B.S. Cali
fornia's band and glee club will
provide music.
Two Stanford students, Art Gore,
senior class president, and Jerry
Mayer, Daily associate editor, will
represent the Farm in a Big Game
radio program to be conducted from
the studios of KSFO in the Palace
Hotel tonight from 10:30 to 11 o'-
clock.
Feuding over the air with the
Stanford men will be Bob Wil
liams, Cal's senior class head, and
Stan Cohn, sports representative of
the University of California News
Bureau.
Doug Montell, noted sports-caster
who will broadcast Saturday's game,
will furnish color and .setting for
the program, which will be heard
over the networks of C.B.S. Cali
fornia's band and glee club will
provide music.
Two Stanford students, Art Gore,
senior class president, and Jerry
Mayer, Daily associate editor, will
represent the Farm in a Big Game
radio program to be conducted from
the studios of KSFO in the Palace
Hotel tonight from 10:30 to 11 o'-
clock.
Feuding over the air with the
Stanford men will be Bob Wil
liams, Cal's senior class head, and
Stan Cohn, sports representative of
the University of California News
Bureau.
Doug Montell, noted sports-caster
who will broadcast Saturday's game,
will furnish color and .setting for
the program, which will be heard
over the networks of C.B.S. Cali
fornia's band and glee club will
provide music.
Two Stanford students, Art Gore,
senior class president, and Jerry
Mayer, Daily associate editor, will
represent the Farm in a Big Game
radio program to be conducted from
the studios of KSFO in the Palace
Hotel tonight from 10:30 to 11 o'-
clock.
Feuding over the air with the
Stanford men will be Bob Wil
liams, Cal's senior class head, and
Stan Cohn, sports representative of
the University of California News
Bureau.
Doug Montell, noted sports-caster
who will broadcast Saturday's game,
will furnish color and .setting for
the program, which will be heard
over the networks of C.B.S. Cali
fornia's band and glee club will
provide music.
Two Stanford students, Art Gore,
senior class president, and Jerry
Mayer, Daily associate editor, will
represent the Farm in a Big Game
radio program to be conducted from
the studios of KSFO in the Palace
Hotel tonight from 10:30 to 11 o'-
clock.
Feuding over the air with the
Stanford men will be Bob Wil
liams, Cal's senior class head, and
Stan Cohn, sports representative of
the University of California News
Bureau.
Doug Montell, noted sports-caster
who will broadcast Saturday's game,
will furnish color and .setting for
the program, which will be heard
over the networks of C.B.S. Cali
fornia's band and glee club will
provide music.
Two Stanford students, Art Gore,
senior class president, and Jerry
Mayer, Daily associate editor, will
represent the Farm in a Big Game
radio program to be conducted from
the studios of KSFO in the Palace
Hotel tonight from 10:30 to 11 o'-
clock.
Feuding over the air with the
Stanford men will be Bob Wil
liams, Cal's senior class head, and
Stan Cohn, sports representative of
the University of California News
Bureau.
Doug Montell, noted sports-caster
who will broadcast Saturday's game,
will furnish color and .setting for
the program, which will be heard
over the networks of C.B.S. Cali
fornia's band and glee club will
provide music.
Two Stanford students, Art Gore,
senior class president, and Jerry
Mayer, Daily associate editor, will
represent the Farm in a Big Game
radio program to be conducted from
the studios of KSFO in the Palace
Hotel tonight from 10:30 to 11 o'-
clock.
Feuding over the air with the
Stanford men will be Bob Wil
liams, Cal's senior class head, and
Stan Cohn, sports representative of
the University of California News
Bureau.
Doug Montell, noted sports-caster
who will broadcast Saturday's game,
will furnish color and .setting for
the program, which will be heard
over the networks of C.B.S. Cali
fornia's band and glee club will
provide music.
Two Stanford students, Art Gore,
senior class president, and Jerry
Mayer, Daily associate editor, will
represent the Farm in a Big Game
radio program to be conducted from
the studios of KSFO in the Palace
Hotel tonight from 10:30 to 11 o'-
clock.
Feuding over the air with the
Stanford men will be Bob Wil
liams, Cal's senior class head, and
Stan Cohn, sports representative of
the University of California News
Bureau.
Doug Montell, noted sports-caster
who will broadcast Saturday's game,
will furnish color and .setting for
the program, which will be heard
over the networks of C.B.S. Cali
fornia's band and glee club will
provide music.
Two Stanford students, Art Gore,
senior class president, and Jerry
Mayer, Daily associate editor, will
represent the Farm in a Big Game
radio program to be conducted from
the studios of KSFO in the Palace
Hotel tonight from 10:30 to 11 o'-
clock.
Feuding over the air with the
Stanford men will be Bob Wil
liams, Cal's senior class head, and
Stan Cohn, sports representative of
the University of California News
Bureau.
Doug Montell, noted sports-caster
who will broadcast Saturday's game,
will furnish color and .setting for
the program, which will be heard
over the networks of C.B.S. Cali
fornia's band and glee club will
provide music.
Two Stanford students, Art Gore,
senior class president, and Jerry
Mayer, Daily associate editor, will
represent the Farm in a Big Game
radio program to be conducted from
the studios of KSFO in the Palace
Hotel tonight from 10:30 to 11 o'-
clock.
Feuding over the air with the
Stanford men will be Bob Wil
liams, Cal's senior class head, and
Stan Cohn, sports representative of
the University of California News
Bureau.
Doug Montell, noted sports-caster
who will broadcast Saturday's game,
will furnish color and .setting for
the program, which will be heard
over the networks of C.B.S. Cali
fornia's band and glee club will
provide music.
Two Stanford students, Art Gore,
senior class president, and Jerry
Mayer, Daily associate editor, will
represent the Farm in a Big Game
radio program to be conducted from
the studios of KSFO in the Palace
Hotel tonight from 10:30 to 11 o'-
clock.
Feuding over the air with the
Stanford men will be Bob Wil
liams, Cal's senior class head, and
Stan Cohn, sports representative of
the University of California News
Bureau.
Doug Montell, noted sports-caster
who will broadcast Saturday's game,
will furnish color and .setting for
the program, which will be heard
over the networks of C.B.S. Cali
fornia's band and glee club will
provide music.
Two Stanford students, Art Gore,
senior class president, and Jerry
Mayer, Daily associate editor, will
represent the Farm in a Big Game
radio program to be conducted from
the studios of KSFO in the Palace
Hotel tonight from 10:30 to 11 o'-
clock.
Feuding over the air with the
Stanford men will be Bob Wil
liams, Cal's senior class head, and
Stan Cohn, sports representative of
the University of California News
Bureau.
Doug Montell, noted sports-caster
who will broadcast Saturday's game,
will furnish color and .setting for
the program, which will be heard
over the networks of C.B.S. Cali
fornia's band and glee club will
provide music.
Two Stanford students, Art Gore,
senior class president, and Jerry
Mayer, Daily associate editor, will
represent the Farm in a Big Game
radio program to be conducted from
the studios of KSFO in the Palace
Hotel tonight from 10:30 to 11 o'-
clock.
Feuding over the air with the
Stanford men will be Bob Wil
liams, Cal's senior class head, and
Stan Cohn, sports representative of
the University of California News
Bureau.
Doug Montell, noted sports-caster
who will broadcast Saturday's game,
will furnish color and .setting for
the program, which will be heard
over the networks of C.B.S. Cali
fornia's band and glee club will
provide music.
Two Stanford students, Art Gore,
senior class president, and Jerry
Mayer, Daily associate editor, will
represent the Farm in a Big Game
radio program to be conducted from
the studios of KSFO in the Palace
Hotel tonight from 10:30 to 11 o'-
clock.
Feuding over the air with the
Stanford men will be Bob Wil
liams, Cal's senior class head, and
Stan Cohn, sports representative of
the University of California News
Bureau.
Doug Montell, noted sports-caster
who will broadcast Saturday's game,
will furnish color and .setting for
the program, which will be heard
over the networks of C.B.S. Cali
fornia's band and glee club will
provide music.
Two Stanford students, Art Gore,
senior class president, and Jerry
Mayer, Daily associate editor, will
represent the Farm in a Big Game
radio program to be conducted from
the studios of KSFO in the Palace
Hotel tonight from 10:30 to 11 o'-
clock.
Feuding over the air with the
Stanford men will be Bob Wil
liams, Cal's senior class head, and
Stan Cohn, sports representative of
the University of California News
Bureau.
Doug Montell, noted sports-caster
who will broadcast Saturday's game,
will furnish color and .setting for
the program, which will be heard
over the networks of C.B.S. Cali
fornia's band and glee club will
provide music.
Two Stanford students, Art Gore,
senior class president, and Jerry
Mayer, Daily associate editor, will
represent the Farm in a Big Game
radio program to be conducted from
the studios of KSFO in the Palace
Hotel tonight from 10:30 to 11 o'-
clock.
Feuding over the air with the
Stanford men will be Bob Wil
liams, Cal's senior class head, and
Stan Cohn, sports representative of
the University of California News
Bureau.
Doug Montell, noted sports-caster
who will broadcast Saturday's game,
will furnish color and .setting for
the program, which will be heard
over the networks of C.B.S. Cali
fornia's band and glee club will
provide music.
