# Holland Elected 'Yearbook Head
## 
### 
St. John Gilbert, Doris Wusthof,
and Stuart Cowley were announced
late yesterday as the winners of
The Daily's Big Game ad contest by
Warren Mitchell, promotion man
ager. Runner-up was Louis Sloss.
Several positions on The Daily's
business staff will be open next
quarter for enterprising freshmen
St. John Gilbert, Doris Wusthof,
and Stuart Cowley were announced
late yesterday as the winners of
The Daily's Big Game ad contest by
Warren Mitchell, promotion man
ager. Runner-up was Louis Sloss.
Several positions on The Daily's
business staff will be open next
quarter for enterprising freshmen
St. John Gilbert, Doris Wusthof,
and Stuart Cowley were announced
late yesterday as the winners of
The Daily's Big Game ad contest by
Warren Mitchell, promotion man
ager. Runner-up was Louis Sloss.
Several positions on The Daily's
business staff will be open next
quarter for enterprising freshmen
St. John Gilbert, Doris Wusthof,
and Stuart Cowley were announced
late yesterday as the winners of
The Daily's Big Game ad contest by
Warren Mitchell, promotion man
ager. Runner-up was Louis Sloss.
Several positions on The Daily's
business staff will be open next
quarter for enterprising freshmen
St. John Gilbert, Doris Wusthof,
and Stuart Cowley were announced
late yesterday as the winners of
The Daily's Big Game ad contest by
Warren Mitchell, promotion man
ager. Runner-up was Louis Sloss.
Several positions on The Daily's
business staff will be open next
quarter for enterprising freshmen
St. John Gilbert, Doris Wusthof,
and Stuart Cowley were announced
late yesterday as the winners of
The Daily's Big Game ad contest by
Warren Mitchell, promotion man
ager. Runner-up was Louis Sloss.
Several positions on The Daily's
business staff will be open next
quarter for enterprising freshmen
St. John Gilbert, Doris Wusthof,
and Stuart Cowley were announced
late yesterday as the winners of
The Daily's Big Game ad contest by
Warren Mitchell, promotion man
ager. Runner-up was Louis Sloss.
Several positions on The Daily's
business staff will be open next
quarter for enterprising freshmen
St. John Gilbert, Doris Wusthof,
and Stuart Cowley were announced
late yesterday as the winners of
The Daily's Big Game ad contest by
Warren Mitchell, promotion man
ager. Runner-up was Louis Sloss.
Several positions on The Daily's
business staff will be open next
quarter for enterprising freshmen
St. John Gilbert, Doris Wusthof,
and Stuart Cowley were announced
late yesterday as the winners of
The Daily's Big Game ad contest by
Warren Mitchell, promotion man
ager. Runner-up was Louis Sloss.
Several positions on The Daily's
business staff will be open next
quarter for enterprising freshmen
St. John Gilbert, Doris Wusthof,
and Stuart Cowley were announced
late yesterday as the winners of
The Daily's Big Game ad contest by
Warren Mitchell, promotion man
ager. Runner-up was Louis Sloss.
Several positions on The Daily's
business staff will be open next
quarter for enterprising freshmen
St. John Gilbert, Doris Wusthof,
and Stuart Cowley were announced
late yesterday as the winners of
The Daily's Big Game ad contest by
Warren Mitchell, promotion man
ager. Runner-up was Louis Sloss.
Several positions on The Daily's
business staff will be open next
quarter for enterprising freshmen
St. John Gilbert, Doris Wusthof,
and Stuart Cowley were announced
late yesterday as the winners of
The Daily's Big Game ad contest by
Warren Mitchell, promotion man
ager. Runner-up was Louis Sloss.
Several positions on The Daily's
business staff will be open next
quarter for enterprising freshmen
St. John Gilbert, Doris Wusthof,
and Stuart Cowley were announced
late yesterday as the winners of
The Daily's Big Game ad contest by
Warren Mitchell, promotion man
ager. Runner-up was Louis Sloss.
Several positions on The Daily's
business staff will be open next
quarter for enterprising freshmen
St. John Gilbert, Doris Wusthof,
and Stuart Cowley were announced
late yesterday as the winners of
The Daily's Big Game ad contest by
Warren Mitchell, promotion man
ager. Runner-up was Louis Sloss.
Several positions on The Daily's
business staff will be open next
quarter for enterprising freshmen
St. John Gilbert, Doris Wusthof,
and Stuart Cowley were announced
late yesterday as the winners of
The Daily's Big Game ad contest by
Warren Mitchell, promotion man
ager. Runner-up was Louis Sloss.
Several positions on The Daily's
business staff will be open next
quarter for enterprising freshmen
St. John Gilbert, Doris Wusthof,
and Stuart Cowley were announced
late yesterday as the winners of
The Daily's Big Game ad contest by
Warren Mitchell, promotion man
ager. Runner-up was Louis Sloss.
Several positions on The Daily's
business staff will be open next
quarter for enterprising freshmen
St. John Gilbert, Doris Wusthof,
and Stuart Cowley were announced
late yesterday as the winners of
The Daily's Big Game ad contest by
Warren Mitchell, promotion man
ager. Runner-up was Louis Sloss.
Several positions on The Daily's
business staff will be open next
quarter for enterprising freshmen
