# SENIORS VOW TO WIN
## 
### 
CORVALLIS, Ore., Nov. 28 (UP).
—'Eight Oregon State seniors vowed
today to win their football game
with University of Oregon Saturday
for big Jim Dixon, Beaver line coach
who has his heart set on the out
come. They were Jim Kisselburgh,
Leeds Bailey, Ken Dow, Bob Olson,
Vic Sears, Tom Sommerville, Joe
Tomich and Leonard Younce.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Nov. 28 (UP).
—'Eight Oregon State seniors vowed
today to win their football game
with University of Oregon Saturday
for big Jim Dixon, Beaver line coach
who has his heart set on the out
come. They were Jim Kisselburgh,
Leeds Bailey, Ken Dow, Bob Olson,
Vic Sears, Tom Sommerville, Joe
Tomich and Leonard Younce.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Nov. 28 (UP).
—'Eight Oregon State seniors vowed
today to win their football game
with University of Oregon Saturday
for big Jim Dixon, Beaver line coach
who has his heart set on the out
come. They were Jim Kisselburgh,
Leeds Bailey, Ken Dow, Bob Olson,
Vic Sears, Tom Sommerville, Joe
Tomich and Leonard Younce.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Nov. 28 (UP).
—'Eight Oregon State seniors vowed
today to win their football game
with University of Oregon Saturday
for big Jim Dixon, Beaver line coach
who has his heart set on the out
come. They were Jim Kisselburgh,
Leeds Bailey, Ken Dow, Bob Olson,
Vic Sears, Tom Sommerville, Joe
Tomich and Leonard Younce.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Nov. 28 (UP).
—'Eight Oregon State seniors vowed
today to win their football game
with University of Oregon Saturday
for big Jim Dixon, Beaver line coach
who has his heart set on the out
come. They were Jim Kisselburgh,
Leeds Bailey, Ken Dow, Bob Olson,
Vic Sears, Tom Sommerville, Joe
Tomich and Leonard Younce.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Nov. 28 (UP).
—'Eight Oregon State seniors vowed
today to win their football game
with University of Oregon Saturday
for big Jim Dixon, Beaver line coach
who has his heart set on the out
come. They were Jim Kisselburgh,
Leeds Bailey, Ken Dow, Bob Olson,
Vic Sears, Tom Sommerville, Joe
Tomich and Leonard Younce.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Nov. 28 (UP).
—'Eight Oregon State seniors vowed
today to win their football game
with University of Oregon Saturday
for big Jim Dixon, Beaver line coach
who has his heart set on the out
come. They were Jim Kisselburgh,
Leeds Bailey, Ken Dow, Bob Olson,
Vic Sears, Tom Sommerville, Joe
Tomich and Leonard Younce.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Nov. 28 (UP).
—'Eight Oregon State seniors vowed
today to win their football game
with University of Oregon Saturday
for big Jim Dixon, Beaver line coach
who has his heart set on the out
come. They were Jim Kisselburgh,
Leeds Bailey, Ken Dow, Bob Olson,
Vic Sears, Tom Sommerville, Joe
Tomich and Leonard Younce.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Nov. 28 (UP).
—'Eight Oregon State seniors vowed
today to win their football game
with University of Oregon Saturday
for big Jim Dixon, Beaver line coach
who has his heart set on the out
come. They were Jim Kisselburgh,
Leeds Bailey, Ken Dow, Bob Olson,
Vic Sears, Tom Sommerville, Joe
Tomich and Leonard Younce.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Nov. 28 (UP).
—'Eight Oregon State seniors vowed
today to win their football game
with University of Oregon Saturday
for big Jim Dixon, Beaver line coach
who has his heart set on the out
come. They were Jim Kisselburgh,
Leeds Bailey, Ken Dow, Bob Olson,
Vic Sears, Tom Sommerville, Joe
Tomich and Leonard Younce.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Nov. 28 (UP).
—'Eight Oregon State seniors vowed
today to win their football game
with University of Oregon Saturday
for big Jim Dixon, Beaver line coach
who has his heart set on the out
come. They were Jim Kisselburgh,
Leeds Bailey, Ken Dow, Bob Olson,
Vic Sears, Tom Sommerville, Joe
Tomich and Leonard Younce.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Nov. 28 (UP).
—'Eight Oregon State seniors vowed
today to win their football game
with University of Oregon Saturday
for big Jim Dixon, Beaver line coach
who has his heart set on the out
come. They were Jim Kisselburgh,
Leeds Bailey, Ken Dow, Bob Olson,
Vic Sears, Tom Sommerville, Joe
Tomich and Leonard Younce.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Nov. 28 (UP).
—'Eight Oregon State seniors vowed
today to win their football game
with University of Oregon Saturday
for big Jim Dixon, Beaver line coach
who has his heart set on the out
come. They were Jim Kisselburgh,
Leeds Bailey, Ken Dow, Bob Olson,
Vic Sears, Tom Sommerville, Joe
Tomich and Leonard Younce.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Nov. 28 (UP).
—'Eight Oregon State seniors vowed
today to win their football game
with University of Oregon Saturday
for big Jim Dixon, Beaver line coach
who has his heart set on the out
come. They were Jim Kisselburgh,
Leeds Bailey, Ken Dow, Bob Olson,
Vic Sears, Tom Sommerville, Joe
Tomich and Leonard Younce.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Nov. 28 (UP).
—'Eight Oregon State seniors vowed
today to win their football game
with University of Oregon Saturday
for big Jim Dixon, Beaver line coach
who has his heart set on the out
come. They were Jim Kisselburgh,
Leeds Bailey, Ken Dow, Bob Olson,
Vic Sears, Tom Sommerville, Joe
Tomich and Leonard Younce.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Nov. 28 (UP).
—'Eight Oregon State seniors vowed
today to win their football game
with University of Oregon Saturday
for big Jim Dixon, Beaver line coach
who has his heart set on the out
come. They were Jim Kisselburgh,
Leeds Bailey, Ken Dow, Bob Olson,
Vic Sears, Tom Sommerville, Joe
Tomich and Leonard Younce.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Nov. 28 (UP).
—'Eight Oregon State seniors vowed
today to win their football game
with University of Oregon Saturday
for big Jim Dixon, Beaver line coach
who has his heart set on the out
come. They were Jim Kisselburgh,
Leeds Bailey, Ken Dow, Bob Olson,
Vic Sears, Tom Sommerville, Joe
Tomich and Leonard Younce.
