# RUINS CHANCES
## 
### 
When Coach Bill Alexander moved
pass-catching Bob Ison into the
backfield, he ruined the chances for
this sensational end from gaining a
highly deserved berth on this year's
Ail-American team.
When Coach Bill Alexander moved
pass-catching Bob Ison into the
backfield, he ruined the chances for
this sensational end from gaining a
highly deserved berth on this year's
Ail-American team.
When Coach Bill Alexander moved
pass-catching Bob Ison into the
backfield, he ruined the chances for
this sensational end from gaining a
highly deserved berth on this year's
Ail-American team.
When Coach Bill Alexander moved
pass-catching Bob Ison into the
backfield, he ruined the chances for
this sensational end from gaining a
highly deserved berth on this year's
Ail-American team.
When Coach Bill Alexander moved
pass-catching Bob Ison into the
backfield, he ruined the chances for
this sensational end from gaining a
highly deserved berth on this year's
Ail-American team.
When Coach Bill Alexander moved
pass-catching Bob Ison into the
backfield, he ruined the chances for
this sensational end from gaining a
highly deserved berth on this year's
Ail-American team.
When Coach Bill Alexander moved
pass-catching Bob Ison into the
backfield, he ruined the chances for
this sensational end from gaining a
highly deserved berth on this year's
Ail-American team.
When Coach Bill Alexander moved
pass-catching Bob Ison into the
backfield, he ruined the chances for
this sensational end from gaining a
highly deserved berth on this year's
Ail-American team.
When Coach Bill Alexander moved
pass-catching Bob Ison into the
backfield, he ruined the chances for
this sensational end from gaining a
highly deserved berth on this year's
Ail-American team.
When Coach Bill Alexander moved
pass-catching Bob Ison into the
backfield, he ruined the chances for
this sensational end from gaining a
highly deserved berth on this year's
Ail-American team.
When Coach Bill Alexander moved
pass-catching Bob Ison into the
backfield, he ruined the chances for
this sensational end from gaining a
highly deserved berth on this year's
Ail-American team.
When Coach Bill Alexander moved
pass-catching Bob Ison into the
backfield, he ruined the chances for
this sensational end from gaining a
highly deserved berth on this year's
Ail-American team.
When Coach Bill Alexander moved
pass-catching Bob Ison into the
backfield, he ruined the chances for
this sensational end from gaining a
highly deserved berth on this year's
Ail-American team.
When Coach Bill Alexander moved
pass-catching Bob Ison into the
backfield, he ruined the chances for
this sensational end from gaining a
highly deserved berth on this year's
Ail-American team.
When Coach Bill Alexander moved
pass-catching Bob Ison into the
backfield, he ruined the chances for
this sensational end from gaining a
highly deserved berth on this year's
Ail-American team.
When Coach Bill Alexander moved
pass-catching Bob Ison into the
backfield, he ruined the chances for
this sensational end from gaining a
highly deserved berth on this year's
Ail-American team.
When Coach Bill Alexander moved
pass-catching Bob Ison into the
backfield, he ruined the chances for
this sensational end from gaining a
highly deserved berth on this year's
Ail-American team.
