# U.S. Ambassador To Belgium Quits
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. Nov. 28 (UP).
John A. Cudahy tendered his resig
nation to President Roosevelt late
today as U. S. Ambassador to Bel
gium and said that he had no plans
for resuming a diplomatic career.
He made the announcement on
leaving the White House. He said
he gave the President his resigna
tion orally and that Mr. Roosevelt
accepted it immediately. He will
follow it tomorrow with a formal
written notice, he said.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 28 (UP).
John A. Cudahy tendered his resig
nation to President Roosevelt late
today as U. S. Ambassador to Bel
gium and said that he had no plans
for resuming a diplomatic career.
He made the announcement on
leaving the White House. He said
he gave the President his resigna
tion orally and that Mr. Roosevelt
accepted it immediately. He will
follow it tomorrow with a formal
written notice, he said.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 28 (UP).
John A. Cudahy tendered his resig
nation to President Roosevelt late
today as U. S. Ambassador to Bel
gium and said that he had no plans
for resuming a diplomatic career.
He made the announcement on
leaving the White House. He said
he gave the President his resigna
tion orally and that Mr. Roosevelt
accepted it immediately. He will
follow it tomorrow with a formal
written notice, he said.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 28 (UP).
John A. Cudahy tendered his resig
nation to President Roosevelt late
today as U. S. Ambassador to Bel
gium and said that he had no plans
for resuming a diplomatic career.
He made the announcement on
leaving the White House. He said
he gave the President his resigna
tion orally and that Mr. Roosevelt
accepted it immediately. He will
follow it tomorrow with a formal
written notice, he said.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 28 (UP).
John A. Cudahy tendered his resig
nation to President Roosevelt late
today as U. S. Ambassador to Bel
gium and said that he had no plans
for resuming a diplomatic career.
He made the announcement on
leaving the White House. He said
he gave the President his resigna
tion orally and that Mr. Roosevelt
accepted it immediately. He will
follow it tomorrow with a formal
written notice, he said.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 28 (UP).
John A. Cudahy tendered his resig
nation to President Roosevelt late
today as U. S. Ambassador to Bel
gium and said that he had no plans
for resuming a diplomatic career.
He made the announcement on
leaving the White House. He said
he gave the President his resigna
tion orally and that Mr. Roosevelt
accepted it immediately. He will
follow it tomorrow with a formal
written notice, he said.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 28 (UP).
John A. Cudahy tendered his resig
nation to President Roosevelt late
today as U. S. Ambassador to Bel
gium and said that he had no plans
for resuming a diplomatic career.
He made the announcement on
leaving the White House. He said
he gave the President his resigna
tion orally and that Mr. Roosevelt
accepted it immediately. He will
follow it tomorrow with a formal
written notice, he said.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 28 (UP).
John A. Cudahy tendered his resig
nation to President Roosevelt late
today as U. S. Ambassador to Bel
gium and said that he had no plans
for resuming a diplomatic career.
He made the announcement on
leaving the White House. He said
he gave the President his resigna
tion orally and that Mr. Roosevelt
accepted it immediately. He will
follow it tomorrow with a formal
written notice, he said.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 28 (UP).
John A. Cudahy tendered his resig
nation to President Roosevelt late
today as U. S. Ambassador to Bel
gium and said that he had no plans
for resuming a diplomatic career.
He made the announcement on
leaving the White House. He said
he gave the President his resigna
tion orally and that Mr. Roosevelt
accepted it immediately. He will
follow it tomorrow with a formal
written notice, he said.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 28 (UP).
John A. Cudahy tendered his resig
nation to President Roosevelt late
today as U. S. Ambassador to Bel
gium and said that he had no plans
for resuming a diplomatic career.
He made the announcement on
leaving the White House. He said
he gave the President his resigna
tion orally and that Mr. Roosevelt
accepted it immediately. He will
follow it tomorrow with a formal
written notice, he said.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 28 (UP).
John A. Cudahy tendered his resig
nation to President Roosevelt late
today as U. S. Ambassador to Bel
gium and said that he had no plans
for resuming a diplomatic career.
He made the announcement on
leaving the White House. He said
he gave the President his resigna
tion orally and that Mr. Roosevelt
accepted it immediately. He will
follow it tomorrow with a formal
written notice, he said.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 28 (UP).
John A. Cudahy tendered his resig
nation to President Roosevelt late
today as U. S. Ambassador to Bel
gium and said that he had no plans
for resuming a diplomatic career.
He made the announcement on
leaving the White House. He said
he gave the President his resigna
tion orally and that Mr. Roosevelt
accepted it immediately. He will
follow it tomorrow with a formal
written notice, he said.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 28 (UP).
John A. Cudahy tendered his resig
nation to President Roosevelt late
today as U. S. Ambassador to Bel
gium and said that he had no plans
for resuming a diplomatic career.
He made the announcement on
leaving the White House. He said
he gave the President his resigna
tion orally and that Mr. Roosevelt
accepted it immediately. He will
follow it tomorrow with a formal
written notice, he said.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 28 (UP).
John A. Cudahy tendered his resig
nation to President Roosevelt late
today as U. S. Ambassador to Bel
gium and said that he had no plans
for resuming a diplomatic career.
He made the announcement on
leaving the White House. He said
he gave the President his resigna
tion orally and that Mr. Roosevelt
accepted it immediately. He will
follow it tomorrow with a formal
written notice, he said.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 28 (UP).
John A. Cudahy tendered his resig
nation to President Roosevelt late
today as U. S. Ambassador to Bel
gium and said that he had no plans
for resuming a diplomatic career.
He made the announcement on
leaving the White House. He said
he gave the President his resigna
tion orally and that Mr. Roosevelt
accepted it immediately. He will
follow it tomorrow with a formal
written notice, he said.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 28 (UP).
John A. Cudahy tendered his resig
nation to President Roosevelt late
today as U. S. Ambassador to Bel
gium and said that he had no plans
for resuming a diplomatic career.
He made the announcement on
leaving the White House. He said
he gave the President his resigna
tion orally and that Mr. Roosevelt
accepted it immediately. He will
follow it tomorrow with a formal
written notice, he said.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 28 (UP).
John A. Cudahy tendered his resig
nation to President Roosevelt late
today as U. S. Ambassador to Bel
gium and said that he had no plans
for resuming a diplomatic career.
He made the announcement on
leaving the White House. He said
he gave the President his resigna
tion orally and that Mr. Roosevelt
accepted it immediately. He will
follow it tomorrow with a formal
written notice, he said.
