# Course to Discuss Modern Problems
## 
### 
"Personal Problems in Modern
Society," a course given by the
School of Social Sciences, will be
presented again during winter
quarter, it was announced Recently.
The course deals principally with
such personal problems as occupa
tional adjustment, mate selection,
marital adjustment, and the role of
the individual in family and com
munity life. It will consist of a se
ries of lectures, and will be under
the direction of Professor J. V. Bcr
reman.
The course carries five units of
credit, and is open to all seniors.
Other upperclassmen may be ad
mitted under special circumstances
with the consent of the instructor.
Those who expect to enroll are asked
to prc-register in the office of the
School of Social Scinces. Room 24.
before Christmas holidays.
"Personal Problems in Modern
Society," a course given by the
School of Social Sciences, will be
presented again during winter
quarter, it was announced Recently.
The course deals principally with
such personal problems as occupa
tional adjustment, mate selection,
marital adjustment, and the role of
the individual in family and com
munity life. It will consist of a se
ries of lectures, and will be under
the direction of Professor J. V. Bcr
reman.
The course carries five units of
credit, and is open to all seniors.
Other upperclassmen may be ad
mitted under special circumstances
with the consent of the instructor.
Those who expect to enroll are asked
to prc-register in the office of the
School of Social Scinces. Room 24.
before Christmas holidays.
"Personal Problems in Modern
Society," a course given by the
School of Social Sciences, will be
presented again during winter
quarter, it was announced Recently.
The course deals principally with
such personal problems as occupa
tional adjustment, mate selection,
marital adjustment, and the role of
the individual in family and com
munity life. It will consist of a se
ries of lectures, and will be under
the direction of Professor J. V. Bcr
reman.
The course carries five units of
credit, and is open to all seniors.
Other upperclassmen may be ad
mitted under special circumstances
with the consent of the instructor.
Those who expect to enroll are asked
to prc-register in the office of the
School of Social Scinces. Room 24.
before Christmas holidays.
"Personal Problems in Modern
Society," a course given by the
School of Social Sciences, will be
presented again during winter
quarter, it was announced Recently.
The course deals principally with
such personal problems as occupa
tional adjustment, mate selection,
marital adjustment, and the role of
the individual in family and com
munity life. It will consist of a se
ries of lectures, and will be under
the direction of Professor J. V. Bcr
reman.
The course carries five units of
credit, and is open to all seniors.
Other upperclassmen may be ad
mitted under special circumstances
with the consent of the instructor.
Those who expect to enroll are asked
to prc-register in the office of the
School of Social Scinces. Room 24.
before Christmas holidays.
"Personal Problems in Modern
Society," a course given by the
School of Social Sciences, will be
presented again during winter
quarter, it was announced Recently.
The course deals principally with
such personal problems as occupa
tional adjustment, mate selection,
marital adjustment, and the role of
the individual in family and com
munity life. It will consist of a se
ries of lectures, and will be under
the direction of Professor J. V. Bcr
reman.
The course carries five units of
credit, and is open to all seniors.
Other upperclassmen may be ad
mitted under special circumstances
with the consent of the instructor.
Those who expect to enroll are asked
to prc-register in the office of the
School of Social Scinces. Room 24.
before Christmas holidays.
"Personal Problems in Modern
Society," a course given by the
School of Social Sciences, will be
presented again during winter
quarter, it was announced Recently.
The course deals principally with
such personal problems as occupa
tional adjustment, mate selection,
marital adjustment, and the role of
the individual in family and com
munity life. It will consist of a se
ries of lectures, and will be under
the direction of Professor J. V. Bcr
reman.
The course carries five units of
credit, and is open to all seniors.
Other upperclassmen may be ad
mitted under special circumstances
with the consent of the instructor.
Those who expect to enroll are asked
to prc-register in the office of the
School of Social Scinces. Room 24.
before Christmas holidays.
"Personal Problems in Modern
Society," a course given by the
School of Social Sciences, will be
presented again during winter
quarter, it was announced Recently.
The course deals principally with
such personal problems as occupa
tional adjustment, mate selection,
marital adjustment, and the role of
the individual in family and com
munity life. It will consist of a se
ries of lectures, and will be under
the direction of Professor J. V. Bcr
reman.
The course carries five units of
credit, and is open to all seniors.
Other upperclassmen may be ad
mitted under special circumstances
with the consent of the instructor.
Those who expect to enroll are asked
to prc-register in the office of the
School of Social Scinces. Room 24.
before Christmas holidays.
"Personal Problems in Modern
Society," a course given by the
School of Social Sciences, will be
presented again during winter
quarter, it was announced Recently.
The course deals principally with
such personal problems as occupa
tional adjustment, mate selection,
marital adjustment, and the role of
the individual in family and com
munity life. It will consist of a se
ries of lectures, and will be under
the direction of Professor J. V. Bcr
reman.
The course carries five units of
credit, and is open to all seniors.
Other upperclassmen may be ad
mitted under special circumstances
with the consent of the instructor.
Those who expect to enroll are asked
to prc-register in the office of the
School of Social Scinces. Room 24.
before Christmas holidays.
"Personal Problems in Modern
Society," a course given by the
School of Social Sciences, will be
presented again during winter
quarter, it was announced Recently.
The course deals principally with
such personal problems as occupa
tional adjustment, mate selection,
marital adjustment, and the role of
the individual in family and com
munity life. It will consist of a se
ries of lectures, and will be under
the direction of Professor J. V. Bcr
reman.
The course carries five units of
credit, and is open to all seniors.
Other upperclassmen may be ad
mitted under special circumstances
with the consent of the instructor.
Those who expect to enroll are asked
to prc-register in the office of the
School of Social Scinces. Room 24.
before Christmas holidays.
"Personal Problems in Modern
Society," a course given by the
School of Social Sciences, will be
presented again during winter
quarter, it was announced Recently.
The course deals principally with
such personal problems as occupa
tional adjustment, mate selection,
marital adjustment, and the role of
the individual in family and com
munity life. It will consist of a se
ries of lectures, and will be under
the direction of Professor J. V. Bcr
reman.
The course carries five units of
credit, and is open to all seniors.
Other upperclassmen may be ad
mitted under special circumstances
with the consent of the instructor.
Those who expect to enroll are asked
to prc-register in the office of the
School of Social Scinces. Room 24.
before Christmas holidays.
"Personal Problems in Modern
Society," a course given by the
School of Social Sciences, will be
presented again during winter
quarter, it was announced Recently.
The course deals principally with
such personal problems as occupa
tional adjustment, mate selection,
marital adjustment, and the role of
the individual in family and com
munity life. It will consist of a se
ries of lectures, and will be under
the direction of Professor J. V. Bcr
reman.
The course carries five units of
credit, and is open to all seniors.
Other upperclassmen may be ad
mitted under special circumstances
with the consent of the instructor.
Those who expect to enroll are asked
to prc-register in the office of the
School of Social Scinces. Room 24.
before Christmas holidays.
"Personal Problems in Modern
Society," a course given by the
School of Social Sciences, will be
presented again during winter
quarter, it was announced Recently.
The course deals principally with
such personal problems as occupa
tional adjustment, mate selection,
marital adjustment, and the role of
the individual in family and com
munity life. It will consist of a se
ries of lectures, and will be under
the direction of Professor J. V. Bcr
reman.
The course carries five units of
credit, and is open to all seniors.
Other upperclassmen may be ad
mitted under special circumstances
with the consent of the instructor.
Those who expect to enroll are asked
to prc-register in the office of the
School of Social Scinces. Room 24.
before Christmas holidays.
"Personal Problems in Modern
Society," a course given by the
School of Social Sciences, will be
presented again during winter
quarter, it was announced Recently.
The course deals principally with
such personal problems as occupa
tional adjustment, mate selection,
marital adjustment, and the role of
the individual in family and com
munity life. It will consist of a se
ries of lectures, and will be under
the direction of Professor J. V. Bcr
reman.
The course carries five units of
credit, and is open to all seniors.
Other upperclassmen may be ad
mitted under special circumstances
with the consent of the instructor.
Those who expect to enroll are asked
to prc-register in the office of the
School of Social Scinces. Room 24.
before Christmas holidays.
"Personal Problems in Modern
Society," a course given by the
School of Social Sciences, will be
presented again during winter
quarter, it was announced Recently.
The course deals principally with
such personal problems as occupa
tional adjustment, mate selection,
marital adjustment, and the role of
the individual in family and com
munity life. It will consist of a se
ries of lectures, and will be under
the direction of Professor J. V. Bcr
reman.
The course carries five units of
credit, and is open to all seniors.
Other upperclassmen may be ad
mitted under special circumstances
with the consent of the instructor.
Those who expect to enroll are asked
to prc-register in the office of the
School of Social Scinces. Room 24.
before Christmas holidays.
"Personal Problems in Modern
Society," a course given by the
School of Social Sciences, will be
presented again during winter
quarter, it was announced Recently.
The course deals principally with
such personal problems as occupa
tional adjustment, mate selection,
marital adjustment, and the role of
the individual in family and com
munity life. It will consist of a se
ries of lectures, and will be under
the direction of Professor J. V. Bcr
reman.
The course carries five units of
credit, and is open to all seniors.
Other upperclassmen may be ad
mitted under special circumstances
with the consent of the instructor.
Those who expect to enroll are asked
to prc-register in the office of the
School of Social Scinces. Room 24.
before Christmas holidays.
"Personal Problems in Modern
Society," a course given by the
School of Social Sciences, will be
presented again during winter
quarter, it was announced Recently.
The course deals principally with
such personal problems as occupa
tional adjustment, mate selection,
marital adjustment, and the role of
the individual in family and com
munity life. It will consist of a se
ries of lectures, and will be under
the direction of Professor J. V. Bcr
reman.
The course carries five units of
credit, and is open to all seniors.
Other upperclassmen may be ad
mitted under special circumstances
with the consent of the instructor.
Those who expect to enroll are asked
to prc-register in the office of the
School of Social Scinces. Room 24.
before Christmas holidays.
"Personal Problems in Modern
Society," a course given by the
School of Social Sciences, will be
presented again during winter
quarter, it was announced Recently.
The course deals principally with
such personal problems as occupa
tional adjustment, mate selection,
marital adjustment, and the role of
the individual in family and com
munity life. It will consist of a se
ries of lectures, and will be under
the direction of Professor J. V. Bcr
reman.
The course carries five units of
credit, and is open to all seniors.
Other upperclassmen may be ad
mitted under special circumstances
with the consent of the instructor.
Those who expect to enroll are asked
to prc-register in the office of the
School of Social Scinces. Room 24.
before Christmas holidays.
