# SENATE MOVES TO NEW QUARTERS
## 
### 

WHILE THE ROOF over their regular chambers in the capital building in Washington is being fixed.
United States Senators meet in the old Supreme Court Building. The House also moved to other quarters
while repairs were being made.

WHILE THE ROOF over their regular chambers in the capital building in Washington is being fixed.
United States Senators meet in the old Supreme Court Building. The House also moved to other quarters
while repairs were being made.

WHILE THE ROOF over their regular chambers in the capital building in Washington is being fixed.
United States Senators meet in the old Supreme Court Building. The House also moved to other quarters
while repairs were being made.

WHILE THE ROOF over their regular chambers in the capital building in Washington is being fixed.
United States Senators meet in the old Supreme Court Building. The House also moved to other quarters
while repairs were being made.

WHILE THE ROOF over their regular chambers in the capital building in Washington is being fixed.
United States Senators meet in the old Supreme Court Building. The House also moved to other quarters
while repairs were being made.

WHILE THE ROOF over their regular chambers in the capital building in Washington is being fixed.
United States Senators meet in the old Supreme Court Building. The House also moved to other quarters
while repairs were being made.

WHILE THE ROOF over their regular chambers in the capital building in Washington is being fixed.
United States Senators meet in the old Supreme Court Building. The House also moved to other quarters
while repairs were being made.

WHILE THE ROOF over their regular chambers in the capital building in Washington is being fixed.
United States Senators meet in the old Supreme Court Building. The House also moved to other quarters
while repairs were being made.

WHILE THE ROOF over their regular chambers in the capital building in Washington is being fixed.
United States Senators meet in the old Supreme Court Building. The House also moved to other quarters
while repairs were being made.

WHILE THE ROOF over their regular chambers in the capital building in Washington is being fixed.
United States Senators meet in the old Supreme Court Building. The House also moved to other quarters
while repairs were being made.

WHILE THE ROOF over their regular chambers in the capital building in Washington is being fixed.
United States Senators meet in the old Supreme Court Building. The House also moved to other quarters
while repairs were being made.

WHILE THE ROOF over their regular chambers in the capital building in Washington is being fixed.
United States Senators meet in the old Supreme Court Building. The House also moved to other quarters
while repairs were being made.

WHILE THE ROOF over their regular chambers in the capital building in Washington is being fixed.
United States Senators meet in the old Supreme Court Building. The House also moved to other quarters
while repairs were being made.

WHILE THE ROOF over their regular chambers in the capital building in Washington is being fixed.
United States Senators meet in the old Supreme Court Building. The House also moved to other quarters
while repairs were being made.

WHILE THE ROOF over their regular chambers in the capital building in Washington is being fixed.
United States Senators meet in the old Supreme Court Building. The House also moved to other quarters
while repairs were being made.

WHILE THE ROOF over their regular chambers in the capital building in Washington is being fixed.
United States Senators meet in the old Supreme Court Building. The House also moved to other quarters
while repairs were being made.

WHILE THE ROOF over their regular chambers in the capital building in Washington is being fixed.
United States Senators meet in the old Supreme Court Building. The House also moved to other quarters
while repairs were being made.
