# NC2A to Climax 1940 Sport Fest
## 
### 
A big year in sports for ihe Farm
which started with a tremendous
football season ith the "Wow Boys'"
and will be continued by a basket
ball team second only to the Lui
setti - Turner - Stoeffen - Moore -
Caldei wood combination will be
terminated in June by the gathering
at the Stanford stadium of the col
legiate track stars of the country
for the Eighteenth Annual N.C.A.A.
Track and Field Championships.
Although the Indian track team
may not boast luminaries of the
caliber of Paul Moore, Stan Ander
sen, Clyde Jeffrey, and Marston Gi
rard, they will have a well-balanced
squad that should improve as the
season progresses and be at its peak
for the national meet June 28 and 29.
In nine out of the fifteen events
the winners in last year's meet at
Minneapolis will be back to defend
their titles. U.S.C., team champions
last year, will be back with their
usual strength. The Berkeley Bears
will present a greatly improved team
which should make the team cham
pionships a race between the big
three of California.
