# Untitled Article
## 
### 
ED IT 0 RIA LS —Editorials are
written by the Daily editorial
committee which includes the edi
tor, executive editor, and three
editorial writers. Positions are
adopted after daily meetings to
which the entire staff is invited,
everyone receiving an equal vote.
ED IT 0 RIA LS —Editorials are
written by the Daily editorial
committee which includes the edi
tor, executive editor, and three
editorial writers. Positions are
adopted after daily meetings to
which the entire staff is invited,
everyone receiving an equal vote.
ED IT 0 RIA LS —Editorials are
written by the Daily editorial
committee which includes the edi
tor, executive editor, and three
editorial writers. Positions are
adopted after daily meetings to
which the entire staff is invited,
everyone receiving an equal vote.
ED IT 0 RIA LS —Editorials are
written by the Daily editorial
committee which includes the edi
tor, executive editor, and three
editorial writers. Positions are
adopted after daily meetings to
which the entire staff is invited,
everyone receiving an equal vote.
ED IT 0 RIA LS —Editorials are
written by the Daily editorial
committee which includes the edi
tor, executive editor, and three
editorial writers. Positions are
adopted after daily meetings to
which the entire staff is invited,
everyone receiving an equal vote.
ED IT 0 RIA LS —Editorials are
written by the Daily editorial
committee which includes the edi
tor, executive editor, and three
editorial writers. Positions are
adopted after daily meetings to
which the entire staff is invited,
everyone receiving an equal vote.
ED IT 0 RIA LS —Editorials are
written by the Daily editorial
committee which includes the edi
tor, executive editor, and three
editorial writers. Positions are
adopted after daily meetings to
which the entire staff is invited,
everyone receiving an equal vote.
ED IT 0 RIA LS —Editorials are
written by the Daily editorial
committee which includes the edi
tor, executive editor, and three
editorial writers. Positions are
adopted after daily meetings to
which the entire staff is invited,
everyone receiving an equal vote.
ED IT 0 RIA LS —Editorials are
written by the Daily editorial
committee which includes the edi
tor, executive editor, and three
editorial writers. Positions are
adopted after daily meetings to
which the entire staff is invited,
everyone receiving an equal vote.
ED IT 0 RIA LS —Editorials are
written by the Daily editorial
committee which includes the edi
tor, executive editor, and three
editorial writers. Positions are
adopted after daily meetings to
which the entire staff is invited,
everyone receiving an equal vote.
ED IT 0 RIA LS —Editorials are
written by the Daily editorial
committee which includes the edi
tor, executive editor, and three
editorial writers. Positions are
adopted after daily meetings to
which the entire staff is invited,
everyone receiving an equal vote.
ED IT 0 RIA LS —Editorials are
written by the Daily editorial
committee which includes the edi
tor, executive editor, and three
editorial writers. Positions are
adopted after daily meetings to
which the entire staff is invited,
everyone receiving an equal vote.
ED IT 0 RIA LS —Editorials are
written by the Daily editorial
committee which includes the edi
tor, executive editor, and three
editorial writers. Positions are
adopted after daily meetings to
which the entire staff is invited,
everyone receiving an equal vote.
ED IT 0 RIA LS —Editorials are
written by the Daily editorial
committee which includes the edi
tor, executive editor, and three
editorial writers. Positions are
adopted after daily meetings to
which the entire staff is invited,
everyone receiving an equal vote.
