# Students Elections Scheduled Soon
## 
### 
Skip Martin, head of Electrons
Commission, has announced plans
for the spring elections, to be held
at the beginning of next month.
Nomination forms are now
available in the ASSU Office and
must be filled out and returned
by 5 p.m. April 27. The Elections
will be for the positions of ASSU
President and Vice-President;
AWS President, Recording Secre
tary. and Corresponding Secre
tary; Women's Recreation Asso
ciation President. Vice-President
and Secretary; and President and
Vice-President of the Class of
1965.
I'KIMAKY elections will be
held May (j and 7, and a possible
runoff election will take place
May 13 and 14.
Candidates who wish to decline
nomination will be required to
submit written notice of their de
cision by 5 p.m. Tuesday, April
28. Failure to meet this deadline
will result in the candidate's
name being placed on the ballot.
All contestants are required to
attend a meeting Tuesday eve
ning. April 28, in which informa
tion as to electioneering proce
dures will be distributed.
Skip Martin, head of Electrons
Commission, has announced plans
for the spring elections, to be held
at the beginning of next month.
Nomination forms are now
available in the ASSU Office and
must be filled out and returned
by 5 p.m. April 27. The Elections
will be for the positions of ASSU
President and Vice-President;
AWS President, Recording Secre
tary. and Corresponding Secre
tary; Women's Recreation Asso
ciation President. Vice-President
and Secretary; and President and
Vice-President of the Class of
1965.
I'KIMAKY elections will be
held May (j and 7, and a possible
runoff election will take place
May 13 and 14.
Candidates who wish to decline
nomination will be required to
submit written notice of their de
cision by 5 p.m. Tuesday, April
28. Failure to meet this deadline
will result in the candidate's
name being placed on the ballot.
All contestants are required to
attend a meeting Tuesday eve
ning. April 28, in which informa
tion as to electioneering proce
dures will be distributed.
Skip Martin, head of Electrons
Commission, has announced plans
for the spring elections, to be held
at the beginning of next month.
Nomination forms are now
available in the ASSU Office and
must be filled out and returned
by 5 p.m. April 27. The Elections
will be for the positions of ASSU
President and Vice-President;
AWS President, Recording Secre
tary. and Corresponding Secre
tary; Women's Recreation Asso
ciation President. Vice-President
and Secretary; and President and
Vice-President of the Class of
1965.
I'KIMAKY elections will be
held May (j and 7, and a possible
runoff election will take place
May 13 and 14.
Candidates who wish to decline
nomination will be required to
submit written notice of their de
cision by 5 p.m. Tuesday, April
28. Failure to meet this deadline
will result in the candidate's
name being placed on the ballot.
All contestants are required to
attend a meeting Tuesday eve
ning. April 28, in which informa
tion as to electioneering proce
dures will be distributed.
Skip Martin, head of Electrons
Commission, has announced plans
for the spring elections, to be held
at the beginning of next month.
Nomination forms are now
available in the ASSU Office and
must be filled out and returned
by 5 p.m. April 27. The Elections
will be for the positions of ASSU
President and Vice-President;
AWS President, Recording Secre
tary. and Corresponding Secre
tary; Women's Recreation Asso
ciation President. Vice-President
and Secretary; and President and
Vice-President of the Class of
1965.
I'KIMAKY elections will be
held May (j and 7, and a possible
runoff election will take place
May 13 and 14.
Candidates who wish to decline
nomination will be required to
submit written notice of their de
cision by 5 p.m. Tuesday, April
28. Failure to meet this deadline
will result in the candidate's
name being placed on the ballot.
All contestants are required to
attend a meeting Tuesday eve
ning. April 28, in which informa
tion as to electioneering proce
dures will be distributed.
Skip Martin, head of Electrons
Commission, has announced plans
for the spring elections, to be held
at the beginning of next month.
Nomination forms are now
available in the ASSU Office and
must be filled out and returned
by 5 p.m. April 27. The Elections
will be for the positions of ASSU
President and Vice-President;
AWS President, Recording Secre
tary. and Corresponding Secre
tary; Women's Recreation Asso
ciation President. Vice-President
and Secretary; and President and
Vice-President of the Class of
1965.
I'KIMAKY elections will be
held May (j and 7, and a possible
runoff election will take place
May 13 and 14.
Candidates who wish to decline
nomination will be required to
submit written notice of their de
cision by 5 p.m. Tuesday, April
28. Failure to meet this deadline
will result in the candidate's
name being placed on the ballot.
All contestants are required to
attend a meeting Tuesday eve
ning. April 28, in which informa
tion as to electioneering proce
dures will be distributed.
Skip Martin, head of Electrons
Commission, has announced plans
for the spring elections, to be held
at the beginning of next month.
Nomination forms are now
available in the ASSU Office and
must be filled out and returned
by 5 p.m. April 27. The Elections
will be for the positions of ASSU
President and Vice-President;
AWS President, Recording Secre
tary. and Corresponding Secre
tary; Women's Recreation Asso
ciation President. Vice-President
and Secretary; and President and
Vice-President of the Class of
1965.
I'KIMAKY elections will be
held May (j and 7, and a possible
runoff election will take place
May 13 and 14.
Candidates who wish to decline
nomination will be required to
submit written notice of their de
cision by 5 p.m. Tuesday, April
28. Failure to meet this deadline
will result in the candidate's
name being placed on the ballot.
All contestants are required to
attend a meeting Tuesday eve
ning. April 28, in which informa
tion as to electioneering proce
dures will be distributed.
Skip Martin, head of Electrons
Commission, has announced plans
for the spring elections, to be held
at the beginning of next month.
Nomination forms are now
available in the ASSU Office and
must be filled out and returned
by 5 p.m. April 27. The Elections
will be for the positions of ASSU
President and Vice-President;
AWS President, Recording Secre
tary. and Corresponding Secre
tary; Women's Recreation Asso
ciation President. Vice-President
and Secretary; and President and
Vice-President of the Class of
1965.
I'KIMAKY elections will be
held May (j and 7, and a possible
runoff election will take place
May 13 and 14.
Candidates who wish to decline
nomination will be required to
submit written notice of their de
cision by 5 p.m. Tuesday, April
28. Failure to meet this deadline
will result in the candidate's
name being placed on the ballot.
All contestants are required to
attend a meeting Tuesday eve
ning. April 28, in which informa
tion as to electioneering proce
dures will be distributed.
Skip Martin, head of Electrons
Commission, has announced plans
for the spring elections, to be held
at the beginning of next month.
Nomination forms are now
available in the ASSU Office and
must be filled out and returned
by 5 p.m. April 27. The Elections
will be for the positions of ASSU
President and Vice-President;
AWS President, Recording Secre
tary. and Corresponding Secre
tary; Women's Recreation Asso
ciation President. Vice-President
and Secretary; and President and
Vice-President of the Class of
1965.
I'KIMAKY elections will be
held May (j and 7, and a possible
runoff election will take place
May 13 and 14.
Candidates who wish to decline
nomination will be required to
submit written notice of their de
cision by 5 p.m. Tuesday, April
28. Failure to meet this deadline
will result in the candidate's
name being placed on the ballot.
All contestants are required to
attend a meeting Tuesday eve
ning. April 28, in which informa
tion as to electioneering proce
dures will be distributed.
Skip Martin, head of Electrons
Commission, has announced plans
for the spring elections, to be held
at the beginning of next month.
Nomination forms are now
available in the ASSU Office and
must be filled out and returned
by 5 p.m. April 27. The Elections
will be for the positions of ASSU
President and Vice-President;
AWS President, Recording Secre
tary. and Corresponding Secre
tary; Women's Recreation Asso
ciation President. Vice-President
and Secretary; and President and
Vice-President of the Class of
1965.
I'KIMAKY elections will be
held May (j and 7, and a possible
runoff election will take place
May 13 and 14.
Candidates who wish to decline
nomination will be required to
submit written notice of their de
cision by 5 p.m. Tuesday, April
28. Failure to meet this deadline
will result in the candidate's
name being placed on the ballot.
All contestants are required to
attend a meeting Tuesday eve
ning. April 28, in which informa
tion as to electioneering proce
dures will be distributed.
Skip Martin, head of Electrons
Commission, has announced plans
for the spring elections, to be held
at the beginning of next month.
Nomination forms are now
available in the ASSU Office and
must be filled out and returned
by 5 p.m. April 27. The Elections
will be for the positions of ASSU
President and Vice-President;
AWS President, Recording Secre
tary. and Corresponding Secre
tary; Women's Recreation Asso
ciation President. Vice-President
and Secretary; and President and
Vice-President of the Class of
1965.
I'KIMAKY elections will be
held May (j and 7, and a possible
runoff election will take place
May 13 and 14.
Candidates who wish to decline
nomination will be required to
submit written notice of their de
cision by 5 p.m. Tuesday, April
28. Failure to meet this deadline
will result in the candidate's
name being placed on the ballot.
All contestants are required to
attend a meeting Tuesday eve
ning. April 28, in which informa
tion as to electioneering proce
dures will be distributed.
Skip Martin, head of Electrons
Commission, has announced plans
for the spring elections, to be held
at the beginning of next month.
Nomination forms are now
available in the ASSU Office and
must be filled out and returned
by 5 p.m. April 27. The Elections
will be for the positions of ASSU
President and Vice-President;
AWS President, Recording Secre
tary. and Corresponding Secre
tary; Women's Recreation Asso
ciation President. Vice-President
and Secretary; and President and
Vice-President of the Class of
1965.
I'KIMAKY elections will be
held May (j and 7, and a possible
runoff election will take place
May 13 and 14.
Candidates who wish to decline
nomination will be required to
submit written notice of their de
cision by 5 p.m. Tuesday, April
28. Failure to meet this deadline
will result in the candidate's
name being placed on the ballot.
All contestants are required to
attend a meeting Tuesday eve
ning. April 28, in which informa
tion as to electioneering proce
dures will be distributed.
Skip Martin, head of Electrons
Commission, has announced plans
for the spring elections, to be held
at the beginning of next month.
Nomination forms are now
available in the ASSU Office and
must be filled out and returned
by 5 p.m. April 27. The Elections
will be for the positions of ASSU
President and Vice-President;
AWS President, Recording Secre
tary. and Corresponding Secre
tary; Women's Recreation Asso
ciation President. Vice-President
and Secretary; and President and
Vice-President of the Class of
1965.
I'KIMAKY elections will be
held May (j and 7, and a possible
runoff election will take place
May 13 and 14.
Candidates who wish to decline
nomination will be required to
submit written notice of their de
cision by 5 p.m. Tuesday, April
28. Failure to meet this deadline
will result in the candidate's
name being placed on the ballot.
All contestants are required to
attend a meeting Tuesday eve
ning. April 28, in which informa
tion as to electioneering proce
dures will be distributed.
Skip Martin, head of Electrons
Commission, has announced plans
for the spring elections, to be held
at the beginning of next month.
Nomination forms are now
available in the ASSU Office and
must be filled out and returned
by 5 p.m. April 27. The Elections
will be for the positions of ASSU
President and Vice-President;
AWS President, Recording Secre
tary. and Corresponding Secre
tary; Women's Recreation Asso
ciation President. Vice-President
and Secretary; and President and
Vice-President of the Class of
1965.
I'KIMAKY elections will be
held May (j and 7, and a possible
runoff election will take place
May 13 and 14.
Candidates who wish to decline
nomination will be required to
submit written notice of their de
cision by 5 p.m. Tuesday, April
28. Failure to meet this deadline
will result in the candidate's
name being placed on the ballot.
All contestants are required to
attend a meeting Tuesday eve
ning. April 28, in which informa
tion as to electioneering proce
dures will be distributed.
Skip Martin, head of Electrons
Commission, has announced plans
for the spring elections, to be held
at the beginning of next month.
Nomination forms are now
available in the ASSU Office and
must be filled out and returned
by 5 p.m. April 27. The Elections
will be for the positions of ASSU
President and Vice-President;
AWS President, Recording Secre
tary. and Corresponding Secre
tary; Women's Recreation Asso
ciation President. Vice-President
and Secretary; and President and
Vice-President of the Class of
1965.
I'KIMAKY elections will be
held May (j and 7, and a possible
runoff election will take place
May 13 and 14.
Candidates who wish to decline
nomination will be required to
submit written notice of their de
cision by 5 p.m. Tuesday, April
28. Failure to meet this deadline
will result in the candidate's
name being placed on the ballot.
All contestants are required to
attend a meeting Tuesday eve
ning. April 28, in which informa
tion as to electioneering proce
dures will be distributed.
Skip Martin, head of Electrons
Commission, has announced plans
for the spring elections, to be held
at the beginning of next month.
Nomination forms are now
available in the ASSU Office and
must be filled out and returned
by 5 p.m. April 27. The Elections
will be for the positions of ASSU
President and Vice-President;
AWS President, Recording Secre
tary. and Corresponding Secre
tary; Women's Recreation Asso
ciation President. Vice-President
and Secretary; and President and
Vice-President of the Class of
1965.
I'KIMAKY elections will be
held May (j and 7, and a possible
runoff election will take place
May 13 and 14.
Candidates who wish to decline
nomination will be required to
submit written notice of their de
cision by 5 p.m. Tuesday, April
28. Failure to meet this deadline
will result in the candidate's
name being placed on the ballot.
All contestants are required to
attend a meeting Tuesday eve
ning. April 28, in which informa
tion as to electioneering proce
dures will be distributed.
