# Address by Professor Robertson.
## 
### 
Professor C. H. Robertson, of
Purdue University, will speak to
the men of the Y. M. C. A. in the
chapel Wednesday evening at 7
o'clock. Processor Robertson has
been the most enthusiastic and suc
cessful Association worker among
the faculty of American universi
ties in America. He is the origina
tor of a distinct movement that is
meeting with general approval
throughout the East. He is now
on his way to the Orient to the
most difficult college field in the
world.
Professor C. H. Robertson, of
Purdue University, will speak to
the men of the Y. M. C. A. in the
chapel Wednesday evening at 7
o'clock. Processor Robertson has
been the most enthusiastic and suc
cessful Association worker among
the faculty of American universi
ties in America. He is the origina
tor of a distinct movement that is
meeting with general approval
throughout the East. He is now
on his way to the Orient to the
most difficult college field in the
world.
Professor C. H. Robertson, of
Purdue University, will speak to
the men of the Y. M. C. A. in the
chapel Wednesday evening at 7
o'clock. Processor Robertson has
been the most enthusiastic and suc
cessful Association worker among
the faculty of American universi
ties in America. He is the origina
tor of a distinct movement that is
meeting with general approval
throughout the East. He is now
on his way to the Orient to the
most difficult college field in the
world.
Professor C. H. Robertson, of
Purdue University, will speak to
the men of the Y. M. C. A. in the
chapel Wednesday evening at 7
o'clock. Processor Robertson has
been the most enthusiastic and suc
cessful Association worker among
the faculty of American universi
ties in America. He is the origina
tor of a distinct movement that is
meeting with general approval
throughout the East. He is now
on his way to the Orient to the
most difficult college field in the
world.
Professor C. H. Robertson, of
Purdue University, will speak to
the men of the Y. M. C. A. in the
chapel Wednesday evening at 7
o'clock. Processor Robertson has
been the most enthusiastic and suc
cessful Association worker among
the faculty of American universi
ties in America. He is the origina
tor of a distinct movement that is
meeting with general approval
throughout the East. He is now
on his way to the Orient to the
most difficult college field in the
world.
Professor C. H. Robertson, of
Purdue University, will speak to
the men of the Y. M. C. A. in the
chapel Wednesday evening at 7
o'clock. Processor Robertson has
been the most enthusiastic and suc
cessful Association worker among
the faculty of American universi
ties in America. He is the origina
tor of a distinct movement that is
meeting with general approval
throughout the East. He is now
on his way to the Orient to the
most difficult college field in the
world.
Professor C. H. Robertson, of
Purdue University, will speak to
the men of the Y. M. C. A. in the
chapel Wednesday evening at 7
o'clock. Processor Robertson has
been the most enthusiastic and suc
cessful Association worker among
the faculty of American universi
ties in America. He is the origina
tor of a distinct movement that is
meeting with general approval
throughout the East. He is now
on his way to the Orient to the
most difficult college field in the
world.
Professor C. H. Robertson, of
Purdue University, will speak to
the men of the Y. M. C. A. in the
chapel Wednesday evening at 7
o'clock. Processor Robertson has
been the most enthusiastic and suc
cessful Association worker among
the faculty of American universi
ties in America. He is the origina
tor of a distinct movement that is
meeting with general approval
throughout the East. He is now
on his way to the Orient to the
most difficult college field in the
world.
