# Lecture Tomorrow.
## 
### 
Captain Newton W. Chittenden,
ethnologist, will speak on "The
Indian Tribes of California" in the
chapel at'l:3o tomorrow afternoon.
The Indian relics exhibited by
Captain Chittenden tonight in the
chapel will be the subject of his
address.
Captain Newton W. Chittenden,
ethnologist, will speak on "The
Indian Tribes of California" in the
chapel at'l:3o tomorrow afternoon.
The Indian relics exhibited by
Captain Chittenden tonight in the
chapel will be the subject of his
address.
Captain Newton W. Chittenden,
ethnologist, will speak on "The
Indian Tribes of California" in the
chapel at'l:3o tomorrow afternoon.
The Indian relics exhibited by
Captain Chittenden tonight in the
chapel will be the subject of his
address.
Captain Newton W. Chittenden,
ethnologist, will speak on "The
Indian Tribes of California" in the
chapel at'l:3o tomorrow afternoon.
The Indian relics exhibited by
Captain Chittenden tonight in the
chapel will be the subject of his
address.
Captain Newton W. Chittenden,
ethnologist, will speak on "The
Indian Tribes of California" in the
chapel at'l:3o tomorrow afternoon.
The Indian relics exhibited by
Captain Chittenden tonight in the
chapel will be the subject of his
address.
Captain Newton W. Chittenden,
ethnologist, will speak on "The
Indian Tribes of California" in the
chapel at'l:3o tomorrow afternoon.
The Indian relics exhibited by
Captain Chittenden tonight in the
chapel will be the subject of his
address.
Captain Newton W. Chittenden,
ethnologist, will speak on "The
Indian Tribes of California" in the
chapel at'l:3o tomorrow afternoon.
The Indian relics exhibited by
Captain Chittenden tonight in the
chapel will be the subject of his
address.
Captain Newton W. Chittenden,
ethnologist, will speak on "The
Indian Tribes of California" in the
chapel at'l:3o tomorrow afternoon.
The Indian relics exhibited by
Captain Chittenden tonight in the
chapel will be the subject of his
address.
