# New Machinery Arrives.
## 
### 
A Stanley inductor generator,
capacity 120 K. W., arranged for
fiO or 120 cycle, and adapted for
45, 60, 90, or 120 cycles, has just
been received at the Engineering
building. A fully equipped marble
switch board accompanies the ma
chine. A special General Electric

Company motor is expected soon.
This machinery will he erected,
under the direction of Professor F.
G. Baum,by the Electrical students
as a part of their laboratory work.
A Stanley inductor generator,
capacity 120 K. W., arranged for
fiO or 120 cycle, and adapted for
45, 60, 90, or 120 cycles, has just
been received at the Engineering
building. A fully equipped marble
switch board accompanies the ma
chine. A special General Electric

Company motor is expected soon.
This machinery will he erected,
under the direction of Professor F.
G. Baum,by the Electrical students
as a part of their laboratory work.
A Stanley inductor generator,
capacity 120 K. W., arranged for
fiO or 120 cycle, and adapted for
45, 60, 90, or 120 cycles, has just
been received at the Engineering
building. A fully equipped marble
switch board accompanies the ma
chine. A special General Electric

Company motor is expected soon.
This machinery will he erected,
under the direction of Professor F.
G. Baum,by the Electrical students
as a part of their laboratory work.
A Stanley inductor generator,
capacity 120 K. W., arranged for
fiO or 120 cycle, and adapted for
45, 60, 90, or 120 cycles, has just
been received at the Engineering
building. A fully equipped marble
switch board accompanies the ma
chine. A special General Electric

Company motor is expected soon.
This machinery will he erected,
under the direction of Professor F.
G. Baum,by the Electrical students
as a part of their laboratory work.
A Stanley inductor generator,
capacity 120 K. W., arranged for
fiO or 120 cycle, and adapted for
45, 60, 90, or 120 cycles, has just
been received at the Engineering
building. A fully equipped marble
switch board accompanies the ma
chine. A special General Electric

Company motor is expected soon.
This machinery will he erected,
under the direction of Professor F.
G. Baum,by the Electrical students
as a part of their laboratory work.
A Stanley inductor generator,
capacity 120 K. W., arranged for
fiO or 120 cycle, and adapted for
45, 60, 90, or 120 cycles, has just
been received at the Engineering
building. A fully equipped marble
switch board accompanies the ma
chine. A special General Electric

Company motor is expected soon.
This machinery will he erected,
under the direction of Professor F.
G. Baum,by the Electrical students
as a part of their laboratory work.
A Stanley inductor generator,
capacity 120 K. W., arranged for
fiO or 120 cycle, and adapted for
45, 60, 90, or 120 cycles, has just
been received at the Engineering
building. A fully equipped marble
switch board accompanies the ma
chine. A special General Electric

Company motor is expected soon.
This machinery will he erected,
under the direction of Professor F.
G. Baum,by the Electrical students
as a part of their laboratory work.
A Stanley inductor generator,
capacity 120 K. W., arranged for
fiO or 120 cycle, and adapted for
45, 60, 90, or 120 cycles, has just
been received at the Engineering
building. A fully equipped marble
switch board accompanies the ma
chine. A special General Electric

Company motor is expected soon.
This machinery will he erected,
under the direction of Professor F.
G. Baum,by the Electrical students
as a part of their laboratory work.
