# Salinas Rubber May Save World, Magnate Declares
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, May 25. (/P)—
The experimental growing of guay
ule in the Salinas Vafley was
px-aised here today by William
O'Neil, president of the General
Tire and Rubber Company as a
possible bulwark of national de
fense.
"It may be California's role to
save the world by growing guayule
rubber," said O'Neill, who was in
San Francisco on a business visit.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 25. (/P)—
The experimental growing of guay
ule in the Salinas Vafley was
px-aised here today by William
O'Neil, president of the General
Tire and Rubber Company as a
possible bulwark of national de
fense.
"It may be California's role to
save the world by growing guayule
rubber," said O'Neill, who was in
San Francisco on a business visit.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 25. (/P)—
The experimental growing of guay
ule in the Salinas Vafley was
px-aised here today by William
O'Neil, president of the General
Tire and Rubber Company as a
possible bulwark of national de
fense.
"It may be California's role to
save the world by growing guayule
rubber," said O'Neill, who was in
San Francisco on a business visit.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 25. (/P)—
The experimental growing of guay
ule in the Salinas Vafley was
px-aised here today by William
O'Neil, president of the General
Tire and Rubber Company as a
possible bulwark of national de
fense.
"It may be California's role to
save the world by growing guayule
rubber," said O'Neill, who was in
San Francisco on a business visit.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 25. (/P)—
The experimental growing of guay
ule in the Salinas Vafley was
px-aised here today by William
O'Neil, president of the General
Tire and Rubber Company as a
possible bulwark of national de
fense.
"It may be California's role to
save the world by growing guayule
rubber," said O'Neill, who was in
San Francisco on a business visit.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 25. (/P)—
The experimental growing of guay
ule in the Salinas Vafley was
px-aised here today by William
O'Neil, president of the General
Tire and Rubber Company as a
possible bulwark of national de
fense.
"It may be California's role to
save the world by growing guayule
rubber," said O'Neill, who was in
San Francisco on a business visit.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 25. (/P)—
The experimental growing of guay
ule in the Salinas Vafley was
px-aised here today by William
O'Neil, president of the General
Tire and Rubber Company as a
possible bulwark of national de
fense.
"It may be California's role to
save the world by growing guayule
rubber," said O'Neill, who was in
San Francisco on a business visit.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 25. (/P)—
The experimental growing of guay
ule in the Salinas Vafley was
px-aised here today by William
O'Neil, president of the General
Tire and Rubber Company as a
possible bulwark of national de
fense.
"It may be California's role to
save the world by growing guayule
rubber," said O'Neill, who was in
San Francisco on a business visit.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 25. (/P)—
The experimental growing of guay
ule in the Salinas Vafley was
px-aised here today by William
O'Neil, president of the General
Tire and Rubber Company as a
possible bulwark of national de
fense.
"It may be California's role to
save the world by growing guayule
rubber," said O'Neill, who was in
San Francisco on a business visit.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 25. (/P)—
The experimental growing of guay
ule in the Salinas Vafley was
px-aised here today by William
O'Neil, president of the General
Tire and Rubber Company as a
possible bulwark of national de
fense.
"It may be California's role to
save the world by growing guayule
rubber," said O'Neill, who was in
San Francisco on a business visit.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 25. (/P)—
The experimental growing of guay
ule in the Salinas Vafley was
px-aised here today by William
O'Neil, president of the General
Tire and Rubber Company as a
possible bulwark of national de
fense.
"It may be California's role to
save the world by growing guayule
rubber," said O'Neill, who was in
San Francisco on a business visit.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 25. (/P)—
The experimental growing of guay
ule in the Salinas Vafley was
px-aised here today by William
O'Neil, president of the General
Tire and Rubber Company as a
possible bulwark of national de
fense.
"It may be California's role to
save the world by growing guayule
rubber," said O'Neill, who was in
San Francisco on a business visit.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 25. (/P)—
The experimental growing of guay
ule in the Salinas Vafley was
px-aised here today by William
O'Neil, president of the General
Tire and Rubber Company as a
possible bulwark of national de
fense.
"It may be California's role to
save the world by growing guayule
rubber," said O'Neill, who was in
San Francisco on a business visit.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 25. (/P)—
The experimental growing of guay
ule in the Salinas Vafley was
px-aised here today by William
O'Neil, president of the General
Tire and Rubber Company as a
possible bulwark of national de
fense.
"It may be California's role to
save the world by growing guayule
rubber," said O'Neill, who was in
San Francisco on a business visit.
