# REDSHIRTS DICKERING FOR POLO MATCH WITH NEW MEXICO MILITARY INSTITUTE
## 
### BILL MYERS 
Dickerings for a post-season polo
match with New Mexico Military
Institute on June 2 at Stanford are
under way. At present it seems
likely that the game can be ar
ranged.
The match will be a treat for both
matinee idols and polo fans. Will
Rogers, film comedian, has hinted
that he will be at the game watch
ing his son Jimmy, who plays on
the New Mexico outfit. His other
son, Will Jr., is on the Stanford
squad but, being a freshman, is not
eligible to play until next year.
, But aside from these celebrities,
the match itself will be one of the
speediest of the season. Polo is a
specialty at the Military Institute
and according to all reports the
New Mexico four may snatc ha vic
tory away from the coast champion
Stanford team.
Tonight the Redshirts leave for
Salt Lake City where a two-game

series is scheduled with the Uni
versity of Utah this Saturday and
Monday, May 28-30. Unless some
radical change has been wrought in
the Utah outfit since the Cards
trampled on them in t"0vo lopsided
matches here last February, the
games this week-end will be set
ups for Stanford.
