# Campus Opinion
## 
### 
RAH FOR THE UNION!
The Editor, Sir:
I find myself playing the un
willing role of Robin Hood. In
Tuesday's Campus Opinion, Soder- |
berg may be right. There are plenty J
of things wrong with the Union j
Cellar. The prices are higher than j
those in the Paly "greasy spoons." j
However, Mr. Soderberg, your :
rather personal remarks as to the I
personnel of the Cellar are of a i
sour grape vintage. Your allusions |
to a "Howard St. aristocracy" were
both unnecessary and in rather bad j
taste. To tfnost of the fellows eating j
in the Cellar every day the first I
favorable thing about the place is
the sincere desire manifest by the I
"help" to do what they can. That !
goes for the Bookstore, too. Those j
men are of high caliber stock even j
if they aren't bronzed Greek Gods. |
Ralph Lui
i
