# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
Clues /\ M
from X&W*
the tWxHM h
POLKA-DOTS
You'll have dots before
your eyes in these dresses
and like it!
In brown, navy, and
other shades these prints
are the only answer for
afternoon and Quad dress.
$8.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
51 0 Waverley
Clues /\ M
from X&W*
the tWxHM h
POLKA-DOTS
You'll have dots before
your eyes in these dresses
and like it!
In brown, navy, and
other shades these prints
are the only answer for
afternoon and Quad dress.
$8.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
51 0 Waverley
Clues /\ M
from X&W*
the tWxHM h
POLKA-DOTS
You'll have dots before
your eyes in these dresses
and like it!
In brown, navy, and
other shades these prints
are the only answer for
afternoon and Quad dress.
$8.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
51 0 Waverley
Clues /\ M
from X&W*
the tWxHM h
POLKA-DOTS
You'll have dots before
your eyes in these dresses
and like it!
In brown, navy, and
other shades these prints
are the only answer for
afternoon and Quad dress.
$8.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
51 0 Waverley
Clues /\ M
from X&W*
the tWxHM h
POLKA-DOTS
You'll have dots before
your eyes in these dresses
and like it!
In brown, navy, and
other shades these prints
are the only answer for
afternoon and Quad dress.
$8.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
51 0 Waverley
Clues /\ M
from X&W*
the tWxHM h
POLKA-DOTS
You'll have dots before
your eyes in these dresses
and like it!
In brown, navy, and
other shades these prints
are the only answer for
afternoon and Quad dress.
$8.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
51 0 Waverley
Clues /\ M
from X&W*
the tWxHM h
POLKA-DOTS
You'll have dots before
your eyes in these dresses
and like it!
In brown, navy, and
other shades these prints
are the only answer for
afternoon and Quad dress.
$8.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
51 0 Waverley
Clues /\ M
from X&W*
the tWxHM h
POLKA-DOTS
You'll have dots before
your eyes in these dresses
and like it!
In brown, navy, and
other shades these prints
are the only answer for
afternoon and Quad dress.
$8.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
51 0 Waverley
Clues /\ M
from X&W*
the tWxHM h
POLKA-DOTS
You'll have dots before
your eyes in these dresses
and like it!
In brown, navy, and
other shades these prints
are the only answer for
afternoon and Quad dress.
$8.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
51 0 Waverley
Clues /\ M
from X&W*
the tWxHM h
POLKA-DOTS
You'll have dots before
your eyes in these dresses
and like it!
In brown, navy, and
other shades these prints
are the only answer for
afternoon and Quad dress.
$8.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
51 0 Waverley
Clues /\ M
from X&W*
the tWxHM h
POLKA-DOTS
You'll have dots before
your eyes in these dresses
and like it!
In brown, navy, and
other shades these prints
are the only answer for
afternoon and Quad dress.
$8.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
51 0 Waverley
Clues /\ M
from X&W*
the tWxHM h
POLKA-DOTS
You'll have dots before
your eyes in these dresses
and like it!
In brown, navy, and
other shades these prints
are the only answer for
afternoon and Quad dress.
$8.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
51 0 Waverley
Clues /\ M
from X&W*
the tWxHM h
POLKA-DOTS
You'll have dots before
your eyes in these dresses
and like it!
In brown, navy, and
other shades these prints
are the only answer for
afternoon and Quad dress.
$8.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
51 0 Waverley
Clues /\ M
from X&W*
the tWxHM h
POLKA-DOTS
You'll have dots before
your eyes in these dresses
and like it!
In brown, navy, and
other shades these prints
are the only answer for
afternoon and Quad dress.
$8.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
51 0 Waverley
Clues /\ M
from X&W*
the tWxHM h
POLKA-DOTS
You'll have dots before
your eyes in these dresses
and like it!
In brown, navy, and
other shades these prints
are the only answer for
afternoon and Quad dress.
$8.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
51 0 Waverley
