# GAMMA PHI PLEDGE
## 
### 
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
pledging of Ellen Winant, '38.
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
pledging of Ellen Winant, '38.
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
pledging of Ellen Winant, '38.
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
pledging of Ellen Winant, '38.
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
pledging of Ellen Winant, '38.
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
pledging of Ellen Winant, '38.
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
pledging of Ellen Winant, '38.
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
pledging of Ellen Winant, '38.
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
pledging of Ellen Winant, '38.
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
pledging of Ellen Winant, '38.
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
pledging of Ellen Winant, '38.
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
pledging of Ellen Winant, '38.
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
pledging of Ellen Winant, '38.
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
pledging of Ellen Winant, '38.
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
pledging of Ellen Winant, '38.
