# ALPHA O PLEDGE
## 
### 
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Helen Conkling, '.'lB.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Helen Conkling, '.'lB.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Helen Conkling, '.'lB.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Helen Conkling, '.'lB.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Helen Conkling, '.'lB.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Helen Conkling, '.'lB.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Helen Conkling, '.'lB.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Helen Conkling, '.'lB.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Helen Conkling, '.'lB.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Helen Conkling, '.'lB.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Helen Conkling, '.'lB.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Helen Conkling, '.'lB.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Helen Conkling, '.'lB.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Helen Conkling, '.'lB.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Helen Conkling, '.'lB.
