# CAMPUS OPINION
## 
### 
Editor, Sir:
The Daily is crying for its 15
cents. Hen Cave is crying for mo< c
money to "get his tongs on.' The
students cough up $15 a quarter and
smirk cynically, *
It would be very interesting if we
knew exactly what happened to that
$15. Why cannot the Executive Cnni
mittee prepare a report showing pre
cisely what becomes of our money.
Let the report show just how much
of each $15 goes for each tiling -a
sort of "consumer's dollar." as it
were. I'd like to know, and I think
a few others would. Personally, I
get more for my Daily 75 cents than
I do for my Union dollar.
Norman C. Stines
The West Library can serve as a
model of what a library -hould be.
Ii the campus becomes jealous
enough, public opinion may call for
administrative action.
—Dave Mcllinkoff
Editor, Sir:
The Daily is crying for its 15
cents. Hen Cave is crying for mo< c
money to "get his tongs on.' The
students cough up $15 a quarter and
smirk cynically, *
It would be very interesting if we
knew exactly what happened to that
$15. Why cannot the Executive Cnni
mittee prepare a report showing pre
cisely what becomes of our money.
Let the report show just how much
of each $15 goes for each tiling -a
sort of "consumer's dollar." as it
were. I'd like to know, and I think
a few others would. Personally, I
get more for my Daily 75 cents than
I do for my Union dollar.
Norman C. Stines
The West Library can serve as a
model of what a library -hould be.
Ii the campus becomes jealous
enough, public opinion may call for
administrative action.
—Dave Mcllinkoff
Editor, Sir:
The Daily is crying for its 15
cents. Hen Cave is crying for mo< c
money to "get his tongs on.' The
students cough up $15 a quarter and
smirk cynically, *
It would be very interesting if we
knew exactly what happened to that
$15. Why cannot the Executive Cnni
mittee prepare a report showing pre
cisely what becomes of our money.
Let the report show just how much
of each $15 goes for each tiling -a
sort of "consumer's dollar." as it
were. I'd like to know, and I think
a few others would. Personally, I
get more for my Daily 75 cents than
I do for my Union dollar.
Norman C. Stines
The West Library can serve as a
model of what a library -hould be.
Ii the campus becomes jealous
enough, public opinion may call for
administrative action.
—Dave Mcllinkoff
Editor, Sir:
The Daily is crying for its 15
cents. Hen Cave is crying for mo< c
money to "get his tongs on.' The
students cough up $15 a quarter and
smirk cynically, *
It would be very interesting if we
knew exactly what happened to that
$15. Why cannot the Executive Cnni
mittee prepare a report showing pre
cisely what becomes of our money.
Let the report show just how much
of each $15 goes for each tiling -a
sort of "consumer's dollar." as it
were. I'd like to know, and I think
a few others would. Personally, I
get more for my Daily 75 cents than
I do for my Union dollar.
Norman C. Stines
The West Library can serve as a
model of what a library -hould be.
Ii the campus becomes jealous
enough, public opinion may call for
administrative action.
—Dave Mcllinkoff
Editor, Sir:
The Daily is crying for its 15
cents. Hen Cave is crying for mo< c
money to "get his tongs on.' The
students cough up $15 a quarter and
smirk cynically, *
It would be very interesting if we
knew exactly what happened to that
$15. Why cannot the Executive Cnni
mittee prepare a report showing pre
cisely what becomes of our money.
Let the report show just how much
of each $15 goes for each tiling -a
sort of "consumer's dollar." as it
were. I'd like to know, and I think
a few others would. Personally, I
get more for my Daily 75 cents than
I do for my Union dollar.
Norman C. Stines
The West Library can serve as a
model of what a library -hould be.
Ii the campus becomes jealous
enough, public opinion may call for
administrative action.
—Dave Mcllinkoff
Editor, Sir:
The Daily is crying for its 15
cents. Hen Cave is crying for mo< c
money to "get his tongs on.' The
students cough up $15 a quarter and
smirk cynically, *
It would be very interesting if we
knew exactly what happened to that
$15. Why cannot the Executive Cnni
mittee prepare a report showing pre
cisely what becomes of our money.
Let the report show just how much
of each $15 goes for each tiling -a
sort of "consumer's dollar." as it
were. I'd like to know, and I think
a few others would. Personally, I
get more for my Daily 75 cents than
I do for my Union dollar.
Norman C. Stines
The West Library can serve as a
model of what a library -hould be.
Ii the campus becomes jealous
enough, public opinion may call for
administrative action.
—Dave Mcllinkoff
Editor, Sir:
The Daily is crying for its 15
cents. Hen Cave is crying for mo< c
money to "get his tongs on.' The
students cough up $15 a quarter and
smirk cynically, *
It would be very interesting if we
knew exactly what happened to that
$15. Why cannot the Executive Cnni
mittee prepare a report showing pre
cisely what becomes of our money.
Let the report show just how much
of each $15 goes for each tiling -a
sort of "consumer's dollar." as it
were. I'd like to know, and I think
a few others would. Personally, I
get more for my Daily 75 cents than
I do for my Union dollar.
Norman C. Stines
The West Library can serve as a
model of what a library -hould be.
Ii the campus becomes jealous
enough, public opinion may call for
administrative action.
—Dave Mcllinkoff
Editor, Sir:
The Daily is crying for its 15
cents. Hen Cave is crying for mo< c
money to "get his tongs on.' The
students cough up $15 a quarter and
smirk cynically, *
It would be very interesting if we
knew exactly what happened to that
$15. Why cannot the Executive Cnni
mittee prepare a report showing pre
cisely what becomes of our money.
Let the report show just how much
of each $15 goes for each tiling -a
sort of "consumer's dollar." as it
were. I'd like to know, and I think
a few others would. Personally, I
get more for my Daily 75 cents than
I do for my Union dollar.
Norman C. Stines
The West Library can serve as a
model of what a library -hould be.
Ii the campus becomes jealous
enough, public opinion may call for
administrative action.
—Dave Mcllinkoff
Editor, Sir:
The Daily is crying for its 15
cents. Hen Cave is crying for mo< c
money to "get his tongs on.' The
students cough up $15 a quarter and
smirk cynically, *
It would be very interesting if we
knew exactly what happened to that
$15. Why cannot the Executive Cnni
mittee prepare a report showing pre
cisely what becomes of our money.
Let the report show just how much
of each $15 goes for each tiling -a
sort of "consumer's dollar." as it
were. I'd like to know, and I think
a few others would. Personally, I
get more for my Daily 75 cents than
I do for my Union dollar.
Norman C. Stines
The West Library can serve as a
model of what a library -hould be.
Ii the campus becomes jealous
enough, public opinion may call for
administrative action.
—Dave Mcllinkoff
Editor, Sir:
The Daily is crying for its 15
cents. Hen Cave is crying for mo< c
money to "get his tongs on.' The
students cough up $15 a quarter and
smirk cynically, *
It would be very interesting if we
knew exactly what happened to that
$15. Why cannot the Executive Cnni
mittee prepare a report showing pre
cisely what becomes of our money.
Let the report show just how much
of each $15 goes for each tiling -a
sort of "consumer's dollar." as it
were. I'd like to know, and I think
a few others would. Personally, I
get more for my Daily 75 cents than
I do for my Union dollar.
Norman C. Stines
The West Library can serve as a
model of what a library -hould be.
Ii the campus becomes jealous
enough, public opinion may call for
administrative action.
—Dave Mcllinkoff
Editor, Sir:
The Daily is crying for its 15
cents. Hen Cave is crying for mo< c
money to "get his tongs on.' The
students cough up $15 a quarter and
smirk cynically, *
It would be very interesting if we
knew exactly what happened to that
$15. Why cannot the Executive Cnni
mittee prepare a report showing pre
cisely what becomes of our money.
Let the report show just how much
of each $15 goes for each tiling -a
sort of "consumer's dollar." as it
were. I'd like to know, and I think
a few others would. Personally, I
get more for my Daily 75 cents than
I do for my Union dollar.
Norman C. Stines
The West Library can serve as a
model of what a library -hould be.
Ii the campus becomes jealous
enough, public opinion may call for
administrative action.
—Dave Mcllinkoff
Editor, Sir:
The Daily is crying for its 15
cents. Hen Cave is crying for mo< c
money to "get his tongs on.' The
students cough up $15 a quarter and
smirk cynically, *
It would be very interesting if we
knew exactly what happened to that
$15. Why cannot the Executive Cnni
mittee prepare a report showing pre
cisely what becomes of our money.
Let the report show just how much
of each $15 goes for each tiling -a
sort of "consumer's dollar." as it
were. I'd like to know, and I think
a few others would. Personally, I
get more for my Daily 75 cents than
I do for my Union dollar.
Norman C. Stines
The West Library can serve as a
model of what a library -hould be.
Ii the campus becomes jealous
enough, public opinion may call for
administrative action.
—Dave Mcllinkoff
Editor, Sir:
The Daily is crying for its 15
cents. Hen Cave is crying for mo< c
money to "get his tongs on.' The
students cough up $15 a quarter and
smirk cynically, *
It would be very interesting if we
knew exactly what happened to that
$15. Why cannot the Executive Cnni
mittee prepare a report showing pre
cisely what becomes of our money.
Let the report show just how much
of each $15 goes for each tiling -a
sort of "consumer's dollar." as it
were. I'd like to know, and I think
a few others would. Personally, I
get more for my Daily 75 cents than
I do for my Union dollar.
Norman C. Stines
The West Library can serve as a
model of what a library -hould be.
Ii the campus becomes jealous
enough, public opinion may call for
administrative action.
—Dave Mcllinkoff
Editor, Sir:
The Daily is crying for its 15
cents. Hen Cave is crying for mo< c
money to "get his tongs on.' The
students cough up $15 a quarter and
smirk cynically, *
It would be very interesting if we
knew exactly what happened to that
$15. Why cannot the Executive Cnni
mittee prepare a report showing pre
cisely what becomes of our money.
Let the report show just how much
of each $15 goes for each tiling -a
sort of "consumer's dollar." as it
were. I'd like to know, and I think
a few others would. Personally, I
get more for my Daily 75 cents than
I do for my Union dollar.
Norman C. Stines
The West Library can serve as a
model of what a library -hould be.
Ii the campus becomes jealous
enough, public opinion may call for
administrative action.
—Dave Mcllinkoff
Editor, Sir:
The Daily is crying for its 15
cents. Hen Cave is crying for mo< c
money to "get his tongs on.' The
students cough up $15 a quarter and
smirk cynically, *
It would be very interesting if we
knew exactly what happened to that
$15. Why cannot the Executive Cnni
mittee prepare a report showing pre
cisely what becomes of our money.
Let the report show just how much
of each $15 goes for each tiling -a
sort of "consumer's dollar." as it
were. I'd like to know, and I think
a few others would. Personally, I
get more for my Daily 75 cents than
I do for my Union dollar.
Norman C. Stines
The West Library can serve as a
model of what a library -hould be.
Ii the campus becomes jealous
enough, public opinion may call for
administrative action.
—Dave Mcllinkoff
