# AROUND THE DIAL...
## 
### 
A recipe for economic recovery
and lessening of unemployment will
be given by General Hugh S. John
son when he speaks on "The Key to
Recovery" at 4:15 through KPO.
Ethel Barry more Coll. talented
daughter of the distinguished stage
star, will be a guest performer wuh
Madame Sylvia in her KPO broad
cast at 7:15.
Dr. Henry 11. Lindville, president
of the Teachers' Union of New York
City, will discuss the Ives bill, which
requires oaths of allegiance to the
Constitution from teachers, ovei
KFRC at 1.
Other good programs: Kate Smith,
noon, KFRC; Broadway Varieties,
5:30, KFRC; Andre Kostelanetz, 6.
KFRC; John McCormack, 6:30, KPO;
One Man's Family, 7:30, KPO; Harvy
Richman, Jack Denny's orchestra,
7:30, KOA; Lanny Ross, 8:30, KPO:
Fred Allen, 9, KPO.
A recipe for economic recovery
and lessening of unemployment will
be given by General Hugh S. John
son when he speaks on "The Key to
Recovery" at 4:15 through KPO.
Ethel Barry more Coll. talented
daughter of the distinguished stage
star, will be a guest performer wuh
Madame Sylvia in her KPO broad
cast at 7:15.
Dr. Henry 11. Lindville, president
of the Teachers' Union of New York
City, will discuss the Ives bill, which
requires oaths of allegiance to the
Constitution from teachers, ovei
KFRC at 1.
Other good programs: Kate Smith,
noon, KFRC; Broadway Varieties,
5:30, KFRC; Andre Kostelanetz, 6.
KFRC; John McCormack, 6:30, KPO;
One Man's Family, 7:30, KPO; Harvy
Richman, Jack Denny's orchestra,
7:30, KOA; Lanny Ross, 8:30, KPO:
Fred Allen, 9, KPO.
A recipe for economic recovery
and lessening of unemployment will
be given by General Hugh S. John
son when he speaks on "The Key to
Recovery" at 4:15 through KPO.
Ethel Barry more Coll. talented
daughter of the distinguished stage
star, will be a guest performer wuh
Madame Sylvia in her KPO broad
cast at 7:15.
Dr. Henry 11. Lindville, president
of the Teachers' Union of New York
City, will discuss the Ives bill, which
requires oaths of allegiance to the
Constitution from teachers, ovei
KFRC at 1.
Other good programs: Kate Smith,
noon, KFRC; Broadway Varieties,
5:30, KFRC; Andre Kostelanetz, 6.
KFRC; John McCormack, 6:30, KPO;
One Man's Family, 7:30, KPO; Harvy
Richman, Jack Denny's orchestra,
7:30, KOA; Lanny Ross, 8:30, KPO:
Fred Allen, 9, KPO.
A recipe for economic recovery
and lessening of unemployment will
be given by General Hugh S. John
son when he speaks on "The Key to
Recovery" at 4:15 through KPO.
Ethel Barry more Coll. talented
daughter of the distinguished stage
star, will be a guest performer wuh
Madame Sylvia in her KPO broad
cast at 7:15.
Dr. Henry 11. Lindville, president
of the Teachers' Union of New York
City, will discuss the Ives bill, which
requires oaths of allegiance to the
Constitution from teachers, ovei
KFRC at 1.
Other good programs: Kate Smith,
noon, KFRC; Broadway Varieties,
5:30, KFRC; Andre Kostelanetz, 6.
KFRC; John McCormack, 6:30, KPO;
One Man's Family, 7:30, KPO; Harvy
Richman, Jack Denny's orchestra,
7:30, KOA; Lanny Ross, 8:30, KPO:
Fred Allen, 9, KPO.
A recipe for economic recovery
and lessening of unemployment will
be given by General Hugh S. John
son when he speaks on "The Key to
Recovery" at 4:15 through KPO.
Ethel Barry more Coll. talented
daughter of the distinguished stage
star, will be a guest performer wuh
Madame Sylvia in her KPO broad
cast at 7:15.
Dr. Henry 11. Lindville, president
of the Teachers' Union of New York
City, will discuss the Ives bill, which
requires oaths of allegiance to the
Constitution from teachers, ovei
KFRC at 1.
Other good programs: Kate Smith,
noon, KFRC; Broadway Varieties,
5:30, KFRC; Andre Kostelanetz, 6.
KFRC; John McCormack, 6:30, KPO;
One Man's Family, 7:30, KPO; Harvy
Richman, Jack Denny's orchestra,
7:30, KOA; Lanny Ross, 8:30, KPO:
Fred Allen, 9, KPO.
A recipe for economic recovery
and lessening of unemployment will
be given by General Hugh S. John
son when he speaks on "The Key to
Recovery" at 4:15 through KPO.
Ethel Barry more Coll. talented
daughter of the distinguished stage
star, will be a guest performer wuh
Madame Sylvia in her KPO broad
cast at 7:15.
Dr. Henry 11. Lindville, president
of the Teachers' Union of New York
City, will discuss the Ives bill, which
requires oaths of allegiance to the
Constitution from teachers, ovei
KFRC at 1.
Other good programs: Kate Smith,
noon, KFRC; Broadway Varieties,
5:30, KFRC; Andre Kostelanetz, 6.
KFRC; John McCormack, 6:30, KPO;
One Man's Family, 7:30, KPO; Harvy
Richman, Jack Denny's orchestra,
7:30, KOA; Lanny Ross, 8:30, KPO:
Fred Allen, 9, KPO.
A recipe for economic recovery
and lessening of unemployment will
be given by General Hugh S. John
son when he speaks on "The Key to
Recovery" at 4:15 through KPO.
Ethel Barry more Coll. talented
daughter of the distinguished stage
star, will be a guest performer wuh
Madame Sylvia in her KPO broad
cast at 7:15.
Dr. Henry 11. Lindville, president
of the Teachers' Union of New York
City, will discuss the Ives bill, which
requires oaths of allegiance to the
Constitution from teachers, ovei
KFRC at 1.
Other good programs: Kate Smith,
noon, KFRC; Broadway Varieties,
5:30, KFRC; Andre Kostelanetz, 6.
KFRC; John McCormack, 6:30, KPO;
One Man's Family, 7:30, KPO; Harvy
Richman, Jack Denny's orchestra,
7:30, KOA; Lanny Ross, 8:30, KPO:
Fred Allen, 9, KPO.
A recipe for economic recovery
and lessening of unemployment will
be given by General Hugh S. John
son when he speaks on "The Key to
Recovery" at 4:15 through KPO.
Ethel Barry more Coll. talented
daughter of the distinguished stage
star, will be a guest performer wuh
Madame Sylvia in her KPO broad
cast at 7:15.
Dr. Henry 11. Lindville, president
of the Teachers' Union of New York
City, will discuss the Ives bill, which
requires oaths of allegiance to the
Constitution from teachers, ovei
KFRC at 1.
Other good programs: Kate Smith,
noon, KFRC; Broadway Varieties,
5:30, KFRC; Andre Kostelanetz, 6.
KFRC; John McCormack, 6:30, KPO;
One Man's Family, 7:30, KPO; Harvy
Richman, Jack Denny's orchestra,
7:30, KOA; Lanny Ross, 8:30, KPO:
Fred Allen, 9, KPO.
A recipe for economic recovery
and lessening of unemployment will
be given by General Hugh S. John
son when he speaks on "The Key to
Recovery" at 4:15 through KPO.
Ethel Barry more Coll. talented
daughter of the distinguished stage
star, will be a guest performer wuh
Madame Sylvia in her KPO broad
cast at 7:15.
Dr. Henry 11. Lindville, president
of the Teachers' Union of New York
City, will discuss the Ives bill, which
requires oaths of allegiance to the
Constitution from teachers, ovei
KFRC at 1.
Other good programs: Kate Smith,
noon, KFRC; Broadway Varieties,
5:30, KFRC; Andre Kostelanetz, 6.
KFRC; John McCormack, 6:30, KPO;
One Man's Family, 7:30, KPO; Harvy
Richman, Jack Denny's orchestra,
7:30, KOA; Lanny Ross, 8:30, KPO:
Fred Allen, 9, KPO.
A recipe for economic recovery
and lessening of unemployment will
be given by General Hugh S. John
son when he speaks on "The Key to
Recovery" at 4:15 through KPO.
Ethel Barry more Coll. talented
daughter of the distinguished stage
star, will be a guest performer wuh
Madame Sylvia in her KPO broad
cast at 7:15.
Dr. Henry 11. Lindville, president
of the Teachers' Union of New York
City, will discuss the Ives bill, which
requires oaths of allegiance to the
Constitution from teachers, ovei
KFRC at 1.
Other good programs: Kate Smith,
noon, KFRC; Broadway Varieties,
5:30, KFRC; Andre Kostelanetz, 6.
KFRC; John McCormack, 6:30, KPO;
One Man's Family, 7:30, KPO; Harvy
Richman, Jack Denny's orchestra,
7:30, KOA; Lanny Ross, 8:30, KPO:
Fred Allen, 9, KPO.
A recipe for economic recovery
and lessening of unemployment will
be given by General Hugh S. John
son when he speaks on "The Key to
Recovery" at 4:15 through KPO.
Ethel Barry more Coll. talented
daughter of the distinguished stage
star, will be a guest performer wuh
Madame Sylvia in her KPO broad
cast at 7:15.
Dr. Henry 11. Lindville, president
of the Teachers' Union of New York
City, will discuss the Ives bill, which
requires oaths of allegiance to the
Constitution from teachers, ovei
KFRC at 1.
Other good programs: Kate Smith,
noon, KFRC; Broadway Varieties,
5:30, KFRC; Andre Kostelanetz, 6.
KFRC; John McCormack, 6:30, KPO;
One Man's Family, 7:30, KPO; Harvy
Richman, Jack Denny's orchestra,
7:30, KOA; Lanny Ross, 8:30, KPO:
Fred Allen, 9, KPO.
A recipe for economic recovery
and lessening of unemployment will
be given by General Hugh S. John
son when he speaks on "The Key to
Recovery" at 4:15 through KPO.
Ethel Barry more Coll. talented
daughter of the distinguished stage
star, will be a guest performer wuh
Madame Sylvia in her KPO broad
cast at 7:15.
Dr. Henry 11. Lindville, president
of the Teachers' Union of New York
City, will discuss the Ives bill, which
requires oaths of allegiance to the
Constitution from teachers, ovei
KFRC at 1.
Other good programs: Kate Smith,
noon, KFRC; Broadway Varieties,
5:30, KFRC; Andre Kostelanetz, 6.
KFRC; John McCormack, 6:30, KPO;
One Man's Family, 7:30, KPO; Harvy
Richman, Jack Denny's orchestra,
7:30, KOA; Lanny Ross, 8:30, KPO:
Fred Allen, 9, KPO.
A recipe for economic recovery
and lessening of unemployment will
be given by General Hugh S. John
son when he speaks on "The Key to
Recovery" at 4:15 through KPO.
Ethel Barry more Coll. talented
daughter of the distinguished stage
star, will be a guest performer wuh
Madame Sylvia in her KPO broad
cast at 7:15.
Dr. Henry 11. Lindville, president
of the Teachers' Union of New York
City, will discuss the Ives bill, which
requires oaths of allegiance to the
Constitution from teachers, ovei
KFRC at 1.
Other good programs: Kate Smith,
noon, KFRC; Broadway Varieties,
5:30, KFRC; Andre Kostelanetz, 6.
KFRC; John McCormack, 6:30, KPO;
One Man's Family, 7:30, KPO; Harvy
Richman, Jack Denny's orchestra,
7:30, KOA; Lanny Ross, 8:30, KPO:
Fred Allen, 9, KPO.
A recipe for economic recovery
and lessening of unemployment will
be given by General Hugh S. John
son when he speaks on "The Key to
Recovery" at 4:15 through KPO.
Ethel Barry more Coll. talented
daughter of the distinguished stage
star, will be a guest performer wuh
Madame Sylvia in her KPO broad
cast at 7:15.
Dr. Henry 11. Lindville, president
of the Teachers' Union of New York
City, will discuss the Ives bill, which
requires oaths of allegiance to the
Constitution from teachers, ovei
KFRC at 1.
Other good programs: Kate Smith,
noon, KFRC; Broadway Varieties,
5:30, KFRC; Andre Kostelanetz, 6.
KFRC; John McCormack, 6:30, KPO;
One Man's Family, 7:30, KPO; Harvy
Richman, Jack Denny's orchestra,
7:30, KOA; Lanny Ross, 8:30, KPO:
Fred Allen, 9, KPO.
A recipe for economic recovery
and lessening of unemployment will
be given by General Hugh S. John
son when he speaks on "The Key to
Recovery" at 4:15 through KPO.
Ethel Barry more Coll. talented
daughter of the distinguished stage
star, will be a guest performer wuh
Madame Sylvia in her KPO broad
cast at 7:15.
Dr. Henry 11. Lindville, president
of the Teachers' Union of New York
City, will discuss the Ives bill, which
requires oaths of allegiance to the
Constitution from teachers, ovei
KFRC at 1.
Other good programs: Kate Smith,
noon, KFRC; Broadway Varieties,
5:30, KFRC; Andre Kostelanetz, 6.
KFRC; John McCormack, 6:30, KPO;
One Man's Family, 7:30, KPO; Harvy
Richman, Jack Denny's orchestra,
7:30, KOA; Lanny Ross, 8:30, KPO:
Fred Allen, 9, KPO.
