# Expect Large Attendance In Citizens Training Camps
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, April 2.—(P.1.P.) —
Thirty-five thousand men are expected
to attend the Citizens Military Train
ing camps of the country this summer
in the opinion of Col. Guy Palmer,
who has been Director of Military
Scifence and Tactics at U.C.L.A. for
the past seven years. Approximately
200,000 men have been trained in such
camps since their inauguration, said
the director. Colonel Palmer has had
charge of training camps in Califor
nia since their inauguration here.

A million dollar chapel is to be
erected on the Harvard campus as a
memorial to the university's war
heroes.
LOS ANGELES, April 2.—(P.1.P.) —
Thirty-five thousand men are expected
to attend the Citizens Military Train
ing camps of the country this summer
in the opinion of Col. Guy Palmer,
who has been Director of Military
Scifence and Tactics at U.C.L.A. for
the past seven years. Approximately
200,000 men have been trained in such
camps since their inauguration, said
the director. Colonel Palmer has had
charge of training camps in Califor
nia since their inauguration here.

A million dollar chapel is to be
erected on the Harvard campus as a
memorial to the university's war
heroes.
LOS ANGELES, April 2.—(P.1.P.) —
Thirty-five thousand men are expected
to attend the Citizens Military Train
ing camps of the country this summer
in the opinion of Col. Guy Palmer,
who has been Director of Military
Scifence and Tactics at U.C.L.A. for
the past seven years. Approximately
200,000 men have been trained in such
camps since their inauguration, said
the director. Colonel Palmer has had
charge of training camps in Califor
nia since their inauguration here.

A million dollar chapel is to be
erected on the Harvard campus as a
memorial to the university's war
heroes.
LOS ANGELES, April 2.—(P.1.P.) —
Thirty-five thousand men are expected
to attend the Citizens Military Train
ing camps of the country this summer
in the opinion of Col. Guy Palmer,
who has been Director of Military
Scifence and Tactics at U.C.L.A. for
the past seven years. Approximately
200,000 men have been trained in such
camps since their inauguration, said
the director. Colonel Palmer has had
charge of training camps in Califor
nia since their inauguration here.

A million dollar chapel is to be
erected on the Harvard campus as a
memorial to the university's war
heroes.
LOS ANGELES, April 2.—(P.1.P.) —
Thirty-five thousand men are expected
to attend the Citizens Military Train
ing camps of the country this summer
in the opinion of Col. Guy Palmer,
who has been Director of Military
Scifence and Tactics at U.C.L.A. for
the past seven years. Approximately
200,000 men have been trained in such
camps since their inauguration, said
the director. Colonel Palmer has had
charge of training camps in Califor
nia since their inauguration here.

A million dollar chapel is to be
erected on the Harvard campus as a
memorial to the university's war
heroes.
LOS ANGELES, April 2.—(P.1.P.) —
Thirty-five thousand men are expected
to attend the Citizens Military Train
ing camps of the country this summer
in the opinion of Col. Guy Palmer,
who has been Director of Military
Scifence and Tactics at U.C.L.A. for
the past seven years. Approximately
200,000 men have been trained in such
camps since their inauguration, said
the director. Colonel Palmer has had
charge of training camps in Califor
nia since their inauguration here.

A million dollar chapel is to be
erected on the Harvard campus as a
memorial to the university's war
heroes.
LOS ANGELES, April 2.—(P.1.P.) —
Thirty-five thousand men are expected
to attend the Citizens Military Train
ing camps of the country this summer
in the opinion of Col. Guy Palmer,
who has been Director of Military
Scifence and Tactics at U.C.L.A. for
the past seven years. Approximately
200,000 men have been trained in such
camps since their inauguration, said
the director. Colonel Palmer has had
charge of training camps in Califor
nia since their inauguration here.

A million dollar chapel is to be
erected on the Harvard campus as a
memorial to the university's war
heroes.
LOS ANGELES, April 2.—(P.1.P.) —
Thirty-five thousand men are expected
to attend the Citizens Military Train
ing camps of the country this summer
in the opinion of Col. Guy Palmer,
who has been Director of Military
Scifence and Tactics at U.C.L.A. for
the past seven years. Approximately
200,000 men have been trained in such
camps since their inauguration, said
the director. Colonel Palmer has had
charge of training camps in Califor
nia since their inauguration here.

A million dollar chapel is to be
erected on the Harvard campus as a
memorial to the university's war
heroes.
LOS ANGELES, April 2.—(P.1.P.) —
Thirty-five thousand men are expected
to attend the Citizens Military Train
ing camps of the country this summer
in the opinion of Col. Guy Palmer,
who has been Director of Military
Scifence and Tactics at U.C.L.A. for
the past seven years. Approximately
200,000 men have been trained in such
camps since their inauguration, said
the director. Colonel Palmer has had
charge of training camps in Califor
nia since their inauguration here.

A million dollar chapel is to be
erected on the Harvard campus as a
memorial to the university's war
heroes.
LOS ANGELES, April 2.—(P.1.P.) —
Thirty-five thousand men are expected
to attend the Citizens Military Train
ing camps of the country this summer
in the opinion of Col. Guy Palmer,
who has been Director of Military
Scifence and Tactics at U.C.L.A. for
the past seven years. Approximately
200,000 men have been trained in such
camps since their inauguration, said
the director. Colonel Palmer has had
charge of training camps in Califor
nia since their inauguration here.

A million dollar chapel is to be
erected on the Harvard campus as a
memorial to the university's war
heroes.
LOS ANGELES, April 2.—(P.1.P.) —
Thirty-five thousand men are expected
to attend the Citizens Military Train
ing camps of the country this summer
in the opinion of Col. Guy Palmer,
who has been Director of Military
Scifence and Tactics at U.C.L.A. for
the past seven years. Approximately
200,000 men have been trained in such
camps since their inauguration, said
the director. Colonel Palmer has had
charge of training camps in Califor
nia since their inauguration here.

A million dollar chapel is to be
erected on the Harvard campus as a
memorial to the university's war
heroes.
LOS ANGELES, April 2.—(P.1.P.) —
Thirty-five thousand men are expected
to attend the Citizens Military Train
ing camps of the country this summer
in the opinion of Col. Guy Palmer,
who has been Director of Military
Scifence and Tactics at U.C.L.A. for
the past seven years. Approximately
200,000 men have been trained in such
camps since their inauguration, said
the director. Colonel Palmer has had
charge of training camps in Califor
nia since their inauguration here.

A million dollar chapel is to be
erected on the Harvard campus as a
memorial to the university's war
heroes.
LOS ANGELES, April 2.—(P.1.P.) —
Thirty-five thousand men are expected
to attend the Citizens Military Train
ing camps of the country this summer
in the opinion of Col. Guy Palmer,
who has been Director of Military
Scifence and Tactics at U.C.L.A. for
the past seven years. Approximately
200,000 men have been trained in such
camps since their inauguration, said
the director. Colonel Palmer has had
charge of training camps in Califor
nia since their inauguration here.

A million dollar chapel is to be
erected on the Harvard campus as a
memorial to the university's war
heroes.
LOS ANGELES, April 2.—(P.1.P.) —
Thirty-five thousand men are expected
to attend the Citizens Military Train
ing camps of the country this summer
in the opinion of Col. Guy Palmer,
who has been Director of Military
Scifence and Tactics at U.C.L.A. for
the past seven years. Approximately
200,000 men have been trained in such
camps since their inauguration, said
the director. Colonel Palmer has had
charge of training camps in Califor
nia since their inauguration here.

A million dollar chapel is to be
erected on the Harvard campus as a
memorial to the university's war
heroes.
LOS ANGELES, April 2.—(P.1.P.) —
Thirty-five thousand men are expected
to attend the Citizens Military Train
ing camps of the country this summer
in the opinion of Col. Guy Palmer,
who has been Director of Military
Scifence and Tactics at U.C.L.A. for
the past seven years. Approximately
200,000 men have been trained in such
camps since their inauguration, said
the director. Colonel Palmer has had
charge of training camps in Califor
nia since their inauguration here.

A million dollar chapel is to be
erected on the Harvard campus as a
memorial to the university's war
heroes.
LOS ANGELES, April 2.—(P.1.P.) —
Thirty-five thousand men are expected
to attend the Citizens Military Train
ing camps of the country this summer
in the opinion of Col. Guy Palmer,
who has been Director of Military
Scifence and Tactics at U.C.L.A. for
the past seven years. Approximately
200,000 men have been trained in such
camps since their inauguration, said
the director. Colonel Palmer has had
charge of training camps in Califor
nia since their inauguration here.

A million dollar chapel is to be
erected on the Harvard campus as a
memorial to the university's war
heroes.
