# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Arline Anderson,
'57, to John David Vogel, Dart
mouth '50 and Stanford Gradu
ate School.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Arline Anderson,
'57, to John David Vogel, Dart
mouth '50 and Stanford Gradu
ate School.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Arline Anderson,
'57, to John David Vogel, Dart
mouth '50 and Stanford Gradu
ate School.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Arline Anderson,
'57, to John David Vogel, Dart
mouth '50 and Stanford Gradu
ate School.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Arline Anderson,
'57, to John David Vogel, Dart
mouth '50 and Stanford Gradu
ate School.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Arline Anderson,
'57, to John David Vogel, Dart
mouth '50 and Stanford Gradu
ate School.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Arline Anderson,
'57, to John David Vogel, Dart
mouth '50 and Stanford Gradu
ate School.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Arline Anderson,
'57, to John David Vogel, Dart
mouth '50 and Stanford Gradu
ate School.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Arline Anderson,
'57, to John David Vogel, Dart
mouth '50 and Stanford Gradu
ate School.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Arline Anderson,
'57, to John David Vogel, Dart
mouth '50 and Stanford Gradu
ate School.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Arline Anderson,
'57, to John David Vogel, Dart
mouth '50 and Stanford Gradu
ate School.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Arline Anderson,
'57, to John David Vogel, Dart
mouth '50 and Stanford Gradu
ate School.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Arline Anderson,
'57, to John David Vogel, Dart
mouth '50 and Stanford Gradu
ate School.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Arline Anderson,
'57, to John David Vogel, Dart
mouth '50 and Stanford Gradu
ate School.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Arline Anderson,
'57, to John David Vogel, Dart
mouth '50 and Stanford Gradu
ate School.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Arline Anderson,
'57, to John David Vogel, Dart
mouth '50 and Stanford Gradu
ate School.
