# Registration For Freshmen Starts Today
## 
### 
Freshmen and lower division
students will begin conferring
with their advisers today.
Class-list signing starts tomor
row, and students will sign up ac
cording to the times stamppd in
the left - hand corner of their
study list cards.
Study list cards may be ob
tained from advisers during the
office hours listed in the autumn
quarter time schedule available
at the Registrar's Office. All
courses marked "ยง" are included
in the class list signing.
Advisers will be holding spe
cial office hours today, tomor
row and Friday. Registration
continues until Tuesday noon,
when study list cards must be
turned in to the Information
Desk, Registrar's Office.
Coeducational classes in physi
cal education have been added to
the time schedule. Men may sign
for the classes at the Women's
Gymnasium.
