# Thursday Is Deadline For Vaccination Slips
## 
### 
Vaccination »lijjs for all new
students are due at the Registrar's
(JlTice ou Thursday. As 2 line will
i result it ths certificates aren't
filed by 5 p.m. Thursday. If tliey
are not filed by Feb. 7, registra
tion in the University will be sub
ject to cancellation by the Com
mittee mi Public Health.
Vaccination »lijjs for all new
students are due at the Registrar's
(JlTice ou Thursday. As 2 line will
i result it ths certificates aren't
filed by 5 p.m. Thursday. If tliey
are not filed by Feb. 7, registra
tion in the University will be sub
ject to cancellation by the Com
mittee mi Public Health.
Vaccination »lijjs for all new
students are due at the Registrar's
(JlTice ou Thursday. As 2 line will
i result it ths certificates aren't
filed by 5 p.m. Thursday. If tliey
are not filed by Feb. 7, registra
tion in the University will be sub
ject to cancellation by the Com
mittee mi Public Health.
Vaccination »lijjs for all new
students are due at the Registrar's
(JlTice ou Thursday. As 2 line will
i result it ths certificates aren't
filed by 5 p.m. Thursday. If tliey
are not filed by Feb. 7, registra
tion in the University will be sub
ject to cancellation by the Com
mittee mi Public Health.
Vaccination »lijjs for all new
students are due at the Registrar's
(JlTice ou Thursday. As 2 line will
i result it ths certificates aren't
filed by 5 p.m. Thursday. If tliey
are not filed by Feb. 7, registra
tion in the University will be sub
ject to cancellation by the Com
mittee mi Public Health.
Vaccination »lijjs for all new
students are due at the Registrar's
(JlTice ou Thursday. As 2 line will
i result it ths certificates aren't
filed by 5 p.m. Thursday. If tliey
are not filed by Feb. 7, registra
tion in the University will be sub
ject to cancellation by the Com
mittee mi Public Health.
Vaccination »lijjs for all new
students are due at the Registrar's
(JlTice ou Thursday. As 2 line will
i result it ths certificates aren't
filed by 5 p.m. Thursday. If tliey
are not filed by Feb. 7, registra
tion in the University will be sub
ject to cancellation by the Com
mittee mi Public Health.
Vaccination »lijjs for all new
students are due at the Registrar's
(JlTice ou Thursday. As 2 line will
i result it ths certificates aren't
filed by 5 p.m. Thursday. If tliey
are not filed by Feb. 7, registra
tion in the University will be sub
ject to cancellation by the Com
mittee mi Public Health.
Vaccination »lijjs for all new
students are due at the Registrar's
(JlTice ou Thursday. As 2 line will
i result it ths certificates aren't
filed by 5 p.m. Thursday. If tliey
are not filed by Feb. 7, registra
tion in the University will be sub
ject to cancellation by the Com
mittee mi Public Health.
Vaccination »lijjs for all new
students are due at the Registrar's
(JlTice ou Thursday. As 2 line will
i result it ths certificates aren't
filed by 5 p.m. Thursday. If tliey
are not filed by Feb. 7, registra
tion in the University will be sub
ject to cancellation by the Com
mittee mi Public Health.
Vaccination »lijjs for all new
students are due at the Registrar's
(JlTice ou Thursday. As 2 line will
i result it ths certificates aren't
filed by 5 p.m. Thursday. If tliey
are not filed by Feb. 7, registra
tion in the University will be sub
ject to cancellation by the Com
mittee mi Public Health.
Vaccination »lijjs for all new
students are due at the Registrar's
(JlTice ou Thursday. As 2 line will
i result it ths certificates aren't
filed by 5 p.m. Thursday. If tliey
are not filed by Feb. 7, registra
tion in the University will be sub
ject to cancellation by the Com
mittee mi Public Health.
Vaccination »lijjs for all new
students are due at the Registrar's
(JlTice ou Thursday. As 2 line will
i result it ths certificates aren't
filed by 5 p.m. Thursday. If tliey
are not filed by Feb. 7, registra
tion in the University will be sub
ject to cancellation by the Com
mittee mi Public Health.
Vaccination »lijjs for all new
students are due at the Registrar's
(JlTice ou Thursday. As 2 line will
i result it ths certificates aren't
filed by 5 p.m. Thursday. If tliey
are not filed by Feb. 7, registra
tion in the University will be sub
ject to cancellation by the Com
mittee mi Public Health.
Vaccination »lijjs for all new
students are due at the Registrar's
(JlTice ou Thursday. As 2 line will
i result it ths certificates aren't
filed by 5 p.m. Thursday. If tliey
are not filed by Feb. 7, registra
tion in the University will be sub
ject to cancellation by the Com
mittee mi Public Health.
Vaccination »lijjs for all new
students are due at the Registrar's
(JlTice ou Thursday. As 2 line will
i result it ths certificates aren't
filed by 5 p.m. Thursday. If tliey
are not filed by Feb. 7, registra
tion in the University will be sub
ject to cancellation by the Com
mittee mi Public Health.
