# Ten Years Ago Today
## 
### 
The Board of Trustees has formally
approved the plans for the new ath
letic field, which were recently sub
mitted by the Training House Cor
poration. Grading for the football
field will be begun as soon as pos
sible, in order that it may be com
pleted before the spring rains.
Announcement is made in the latest
issue of Collier's Weekly that Ray
mond Macdonald Alden, assistant pro
fessor of English, has received the
third prize of $1000 in a short story
contest fo.r his story "in the Prom
ised Laud."
The Board of Trustees has formally
approved the plans for the new ath
letic field, which were recently sub
mitted by the Training House Cor
poration. Grading for the football
field will be begun as soon as pos
sible, in order that it may be com
pleted before the spring rains.
Announcement is made in the latest
issue of Collier's Weekly that Ray
mond Macdonald Alden, assistant pro
fessor of English, has received the
third prize of $1000 in a short story
contest fo.r his story "in the Prom
ised Laud."
The Board of Trustees has formally
approved the plans for the new ath
letic field, which were recently sub
mitted by the Training House Cor
poration. Grading for the football
field will be begun as soon as pos
sible, in order that it may be com
pleted before the spring rains.
Announcement is made in the latest
issue of Collier's Weekly that Ray
mond Macdonald Alden, assistant pro
fessor of English, has received the
third prize of $1000 in a short story
contest fo.r his story "in the Prom
ised Laud."
The Board of Trustees has formally
approved the plans for the new ath
letic field, which were recently sub
mitted by the Training House Cor
poration. Grading for the football
field will be begun as soon as pos
sible, in order that it may be com
pleted before the spring rains.
Announcement is made in the latest
issue of Collier's Weekly that Ray
mond Macdonald Alden, assistant pro
fessor of English, has received the
third prize of $1000 in a short story
contest fo.r his story "in the Prom
ised Laud."
The Board of Trustees has formally
approved the plans for the new ath
letic field, which were recently sub
mitted by the Training House Cor
poration. Grading for the football
field will be begun as soon as pos
sible, in order that it may be com
pleted before the spring rains.
Announcement is made in the latest
issue of Collier's Weekly that Ray
mond Macdonald Alden, assistant pro
fessor of English, has received the
third prize of $1000 in a short story
contest fo.r his story "in the Prom
ised Laud."
The Board of Trustees has formally
approved the plans for the new ath
letic field, which were recently sub
mitted by the Training House Cor
poration. Grading for the football
field will be begun as soon as pos
sible, in order that it may be com
pleted before the spring rains.
Announcement is made in the latest
issue of Collier's Weekly that Ray
mond Macdonald Alden, assistant pro
fessor of English, has received the
third prize of $1000 in a short story
contest fo.r his story "in the Prom
ised Laud."
The Board of Trustees has formally
approved the plans for the new ath
letic field, which were recently sub
mitted by the Training House Cor
poration. Grading for the football
field will be begun as soon as pos
sible, in order that it may be com
pleted before the spring rains.
Announcement is made in the latest
issue of Collier's Weekly that Ray
mond Macdonald Alden, assistant pro
fessor of English, has received the
third prize of $1000 in a short story
contest fo.r his story "in the Prom
ised Laud."
The Board of Trustees has formally
approved the plans for the new ath
letic field, which were recently sub
mitted by the Training House Cor
poration. Grading for the football
field will be begun as soon as pos
sible, in order that it may be com
pleted before the spring rains.
Announcement is made in the latest
issue of Collier's Weekly that Ray
mond Macdonald Alden, assistant pro
fessor of English, has received the
third prize of $1000 in a short story
contest fo.r his story "in the Prom
ised Laud."
The Board of Trustees has formally
approved the plans for the new ath
letic field, which were recently sub
mitted by the Training House Cor
poration. Grading for the football
field will be begun as soon as pos
sible, in order that it may be com
pleted before the spring rains.
Announcement is made in the latest
issue of Collier's Weekly that Ray
mond Macdonald Alden, assistant pro
fessor of English, has received the
third prize of $1000 in a short story
contest fo.r his story "in the Prom
ised Laud."
The Board of Trustees has formally
approved the plans for the new ath
letic field, which were recently sub
mitted by the Training House Cor
poration. Grading for the football
field will be begun as soon as pos
sible, in order that it may be com
pleted before the spring rains.
Announcement is made in the latest
issue of Collier's Weekly that Ray
mond Macdonald Alden, assistant pro
fessor of English, has received the
third prize of $1000 in a short story
contest fo.r his story "in the Prom
ised Laud."
The Board of Trustees has formally
approved the plans for the new ath
letic field, which were recently sub
mitted by the Training House Cor
poration. Grading for the football
field will be begun as soon as pos
sible, in order that it may be com
pleted before the spring rains.
Announcement is made in the latest
issue of Collier's Weekly that Ray
mond Macdonald Alden, assistant pro
fessor of English, has received the
third prize of $1000 in a short story
contest fo.r his story "in the Prom
ised Laud."
The Board of Trustees has formally
approved the plans for the new ath
letic field, which were recently sub
mitted by the Training House Cor
poration. Grading for the football
field will be begun as soon as pos
sible, in order that it may be com
pleted before the spring rains.
Announcement is made in the latest
issue of Collier's Weekly that Ray
mond Macdonald Alden, assistant pro
fessor of English, has received the
third prize of $1000 in a short story
contest fo.r his story "in the Prom
ised Laud."
The Board of Trustees has formally
approved the plans for the new ath
letic field, which were recently sub
mitted by the Training House Cor
poration. Grading for the football
field will be begun as soon as pos
sible, in order that it may be com
pleted before the spring rains.
Announcement is made in the latest
issue of Collier's Weekly that Ray
mond Macdonald Alden, assistant pro
fessor of English, has received the
third prize of $1000 in a short story
contest fo.r his story "in the Prom
ised Laud."
