# Stanford Asked to Enter Team in 1915 Pentathlon
## Cardinal Track Squad Will Not Be Sent to Philadelphia for Relay Carnival. 
### 
Stanford has been invited by the
University of Pennsylvania to send a
track team to compete in the Twenty
first Annual Intercollegiate and In
terschqlastic Relay Carnival, which
will lie held at Philadelphia on April
L>3 and 24.
Stanford will not send a. team to
Philadelphia for the Relay Carnival
this year, according to the Graduate
.Manager's office.
The meet, which is open to all col
loses and schools in th? United States.
Canada, and Europe, has come to be
regarded as the largest and most im
portant annual athletic contest in the
country.
Universities and colleges which
have been invited to participate have
been classified so that those consid
ered about equal in strength are ar
ranged in one group. Stanford if
classed in group 11, with the state
universities of Missouri, Wisconsin,
Minnesota, California, and with Notre
Dame. Purdue, Northwestern, McGill,
Toronto, and the University of South
ern California.
Class I contains the names of Ox
ford, Cambridge, Yale. Harvard,
Princeton, Cornell, Dartmouth. Michi
gan. Chicago. Illinois, and Pennsylva
nia.
In addition to the relay races the
annual college Pentathlon is staged
in which the all around track and
field championships of America are
decided. The University ot Southern
California and California both en
tered teams in the Pentathlon last
year.
Stanford has been invited by the
University of Pennsylvania to send a
track team to compete in the Twenty
first Annual Intercollegiate and In
terschqlastic Relay Carnival, which
will lie held at Philadelphia on April
L>3 and 24.
Stanford will not send a. team to
Philadelphia for the Relay Carnival
this year, according to the Graduate
.Manager's office.
The meet, which is open to all col
loses and schools in th? United States.
Canada, and Europe, has come to be
regarded as the largest and most im
portant annual athletic contest in the
country.
Universities and colleges which
have been invited to participate have
been classified so that those consid
ered about equal in strength are ar
ranged in one group. Stanford if
classed in group 11, with the state
universities of Missouri, Wisconsin,
Minnesota, California, and with Notre
Dame. Purdue, Northwestern, McGill,
Toronto, and the University of South
ern California.
Class I contains the names of Ox
ford, Cambridge, Yale. Harvard,
Princeton, Cornell, Dartmouth. Michi
gan. Chicago. Illinois, and Pennsylva
nia.
In addition to the relay races the
annual college Pentathlon is staged
in which the all around track and
field championships of America are
decided. The University ot Southern
California and California both en
tered teams in the Pentathlon last
year.
Stanford has been invited by the
University of Pennsylvania to send a
track team to compete in the Twenty
first Annual Intercollegiate and In
terschqlastic Relay Carnival, which
will lie held at Philadelphia on April
L>3 and 24.
Stanford will not send a. team to
Philadelphia for the Relay Carnival
this year, according to the Graduate
.Manager's office.
The meet, which is open to all col
loses and schools in th? United States.
Canada, and Europe, has come to be
regarded as the largest and most im
portant annual athletic contest in the
country.
Universities and colleges which
have been invited to participate have
been classified so that those consid
ered about equal in strength are ar
ranged in one group. Stanford if
classed in group 11, with the state
universities of Missouri, Wisconsin,
Minnesota, California, and with Notre
Dame. Purdue, Northwestern, McGill,
Toronto, and the University of South
ern California.
Class I contains the names of Ox
ford, Cambridge, Yale. Harvard,
Princeton, Cornell, Dartmouth. Michi
gan. Chicago. Illinois, and Pennsylva
nia.
In addition to the relay races the
annual college Pentathlon is staged
in which the all around track and
field championships of America are
decided. The University ot Southern
California and California both en
tered teams in the Pentathlon last
year.
Stanford has been invited by the
University of Pennsylvania to send a
track team to compete in the Twenty
first Annual Intercollegiate and In
terschqlastic Relay Carnival, which
will lie held at Philadelphia on April
L>3 and 24.
Stanford will not send a. team to
Philadelphia for the Relay Carnival
this year, according to the Graduate
.Manager's office.
The meet, which is open to all col
loses and schools in th? United States.
Canada, and Europe, has come to be
regarded as the largest and most im
portant annual athletic contest in the
country.
Universities and colleges which
have been invited to participate have
been classified so that those consid
ered about equal in strength are ar
ranged in one group. Stanford if
classed in group 11, with the state
universities of Missouri, Wisconsin,
Minnesota, California, and with Notre
Dame. Purdue, Northwestern, McGill,
Toronto, and the University of South
ern California.
Class I contains the names of Ox
ford, Cambridge, Yale. Harvard,
Princeton, Cornell, Dartmouth. Michi
gan. Chicago. Illinois, and Pennsylva
nia.
In addition to the relay races the
annual college Pentathlon is staged
in which the all around track and
field championships of America are
decided. The University ot Southern
California and California both en
tered teams in the Pentathlon last
year.
Stanford has been invited by the
University of Pennsylvania to send a
track team to compete in the Twenty
first Annual Intercollegiate and In
terschqlastic Relay Carnival, which
will lie held at Philadelphia on April
L>3 and 24.
Stanford will not send a. team to
Philadelphia for the Relay Carnival
this year, according to the Graduate
.Manager's office.
The meet, which is open to all col
loses and schools in th? United States.
Canada, and Europe, has come to be
regarded as the largest and most im
portant annual athletic contest in the
country.
Universities and colleges which
have been invited to participate have
been classified so that those consid
ered about equal in strength are ar
ranged in one group. Stanford if
classed in group 11, with the state
universities of Missouri, Wisconsin,
Minnesota, California, and with Notre
Dame. Purdue, Northwestern, McGill,
Toronto, and the University of South
ern California.
Class I contains the names of Ox
ford, Cambridge, Yale. Harvard,
Princeton, Cornell, Dartmouth. Michi
gan. Chicago. Illinois, and Pennsylva
nia.
In addition to the relay races the
annual college Pentathlon is staged
in which the all around track and
field championships of America are
decided. The University ot Southern
California and California both en
tered teams in the Pentathlon last
year.
Stanford has been invited by the
University of Pennsylvania to send a
track team to compete in the Twenty
first Annual Intercollegiate and In
terschqlastic Relay Carnival, which
will lie held at Philadelphia on April
L>3 and 24.
Stanford will not send a. team to
Philadelphia for the Relay Carnival
this year, according to the Graduate
.Manager's office.
The meet, which is open to all col
loses and schools in th? United States.
Canada, and Europe, has come to be
regarded as the largest and most im
portant annual athletic contest in the
country.
Universities and colleges which
have been invited to participate have
been classified so that those consid
ered about equal in strength are ar
ranged in one group. Stanford if
classed in group 11, with the state
universities of Missouri, Wisconsin,
Minnesota, California, and with Notre
Dame. Purdue, Northwestern, McGill,
Toronto, and the University of South
ern California.
Class I contains the names of Ox
ford, Cambridge, Yale. Harvard,
Princeton, Cornell, Dartmouth. Michi
gan. Chicago. Illinois, and Pennsylva
nia.
In addition to the relay races the
annual college Pentathlon is staged
in which the all around track and
field championships of America are
decided. The University ot Southern
California and California both en
tered teams in the Pentathlon last
year.
Stanford has been invited by the
University of Pennsylvania to send a
track team to compete in the Twenty
first Annual Intercollegiate and In
terschqlastic Relay Carnival, which
will lie held at Philadelphia on April
L>3 and 24.
Stanford will not send a. team to
Philadelphia for the Relay Carnival
this year, according to the Graduate
.Manager's office.
The meet, which is open to all col
loses and schools in th? United States.
Canada, and Europe, has come to be
regarded as the largest and most im
portant annual athletic contest in the
country.
Universities and colleges which
have been invited to participate have
been classified so that those consid
ered about equal in strength are ar
ranged in one group. Stanford if
classed in group 11, with the state
universities of Missouri, Wisconsin,
Minnesota, California, and with Notre
Dame. Purdue, Northwestern, McGill,
Toronto, and the University of South
ern California.
Class I contains the names of Ox
ford, Cambridge, Yale. Harvard,
Princeton, Cornell, Dartmouth. Michi
gan. Chicago. Illinois, and Pennsylva
nia.
In addition to the relay races the
annual college Pentathlon is staged
in which the all around track and
field championships of America are
decided. The University ot Southern
California and California both en
tered teams in the Pentathlon last
year.
Stanford has been invited by the
University of Pennsylvania to send a
track team to compete in the Twenty
first Annual Intercollegiate and In
terschqlastic Relay Carnival, which
will lie held at Philadelphia on April
L>3 and 24.
Stanford will not send a. team to
Philadelphia for the Relay Carnival
this year, according to the Graduate
.Manager's office.
The meet, which is open to all col
loses and schools in th? United States.
Canada, and Europe, has come to be
regarded as the largest and most im
portant annual athletic contest in the
country.
Universities and colleges which
have been invited to participate have
been classified so that those consid
ered about equal in strength are ar
ranged in one group. Stanford if
classed in group 11, with the state
universities of Missouri, Wisconsin,
Minnesota, California, and with Notre
Dame. Purdue, Northwestern, McGill,
Toronto, and the University of South
ern California.
Class I contains the names of Ox
ford, Cambridge, Yale. Harvard,
Princeton, Cornell, Dartmouth. Michi
gan. Chicago. Illinois, and Pennsylva
nia.
In addition to the relay races the
annual college Pentathlon is staged
in which the all around track and
field championships of America are
decided. The University ot Southern
California and California both en
tered teams in the Pentathlon last
year.
Stanford has been invited by the
University of Pennsylvania to send a
track team to compete in the Twenty
first Annual Intercollegiate and In
terschqlastic Relay Carnival, which
will lie held at Philadelphia on April
L>3 and 24.
Stanford will not send a. team to
Philadelphia for the Relay Carnival
this year, according to the Graduate
.Manager's office.
The meet, which is open to all col
loses and schools in th? United States.
Canada, and Europe, has come to be
regarded as the largest and most im
portant annual athletic contest in the
country.
Universities and colleges which
have been invited to participate have
been classified so that those consid
ered about equal in strength are ar
ranged in one group. Stanford if
classed in group 11, with the state
universities of Missouri, Wisconsin,
Minnesota, California, and with Notre
Dame. Purdue, Northwestern, McGill,
Toronto, and the University of South
ern California.
Class I contains the names of Ox
ford, Cambridge, Yale. Harvard,
Princeton, Cornell, Dartmouth. Michi
gan. Chicago. Illinois, and Pennsylva
nia.
In addition to the relay races the
annual college Pentathlon is staged
in which the all around track and
field championships of America are
decided. The University ot Southern
California and California both en
tered teams in the Pentathlon last
year.
Stanford has been invited by the
University of Pennsylvania to send a
track team to compete in the Twenty
first Annual Intercollegiate and In
terschqlastic Relay Carnival, which
will lie held at Philadelphia on April
L>3 and 24.
Stanford will not send a. team to
Philadelphia for the Relay Carnival
this year, according to the Graduate
.Manager's office.
The meet, which is open to all col
loses and schools in th? United States.
Canada, and Europe, has come to be
regarded as the largest and most im
portant annual athletic contest in the
country.
Universities and colleges which
have been invited to participate have
been classified so that those consid
ered about equal in strength are ar
ranged in one group. Stanford if
classed in group 11, with the state
universities of Missouri, Wisconsin,
Minnesota, California, and with Notre
Dame. Purdue, Northwestern, McGill,
Toronto, and the University of South
ern California.
Class I contains the names of Ox
ford, Cambridge, Yale. Harvard,
Princeton, Cornell, Dartmouth. Michi
gan. Chicago. Illinois, and Pennsylva
nia.
In addition to the relay races the
annual college Pentathlon is staged
in which the all around track and
field championships of America are
decided. The University ot Southern
California and California both en
tered teams in the Pentathlon last
year.
Stanford has been invited by the
University of Pennsylvania to send a
track team to compete in the Twenty
first Annual Intercollegiate and In
terschqlastic Relay Carnival, which
will lie held at Philadelphia on April
L>3 and 24.
Stanford will not send a. team to
Philadelphia for the Relay Carnival
this year, according to the Graduate
.Manager's office.
The meet, which is open to all col
loses and schools in th? United States.
Canada, and Europe, has come to be
regarded as the largest and most im
portant annual athletic contest in the
country.
Universities and colleges which
have been invited to participate have
been classified so that those consid
ered about equal in strength are ar
ranged in one group. Stanford if
classed in group 11, with the state
universities of Missouri, Wisconsin,
Minnesota, California, and with Notre
Dame. Purdue, Northwestern, McGill,
Toronto, and the University of South
ern California.
Class I contains the names of Ox
ford, Cambridge, Yale. Harvard,
Princeton, Cornell, Dartmouth. Michi
gan. Chicago. Illinois, and Pennsylva
nia.
In addition to the relay races the
annual college Pentathlon is staged
in which the all around track and
field championships of America are
decided. The University ot Southern
California and California both en
tered teams in the Pentathlon last
year.
Stanford has been invited by the
University of Pennsylvania to send a
track team to compete in the Twenty
first Annual Intercollegiate and In
terschqlastic Relay Carnival, which
will lie held at Philadelphia on April
L>3 and 24.
Stanford will not send a. team to
Philadelphia for the Relay Carnival
this year, according to the Graduate
.Manager's office.
The meet, which is open to all col
loses and schools in th? United States.
Canada, and Europe, has come to be
regarded as the largest and most im
portant annual athletic contest in the
country.
Universities and colleges which
have been invited to participate have
been classified so that those consid
ered about equal in strength are ar
ranged in one group. Stanford if
classed in group 11, with the state
universities of Missouri, Wisconsin,
Minnesota, California, and with Notre
Dame. Purdue, Northwestern, McGill,
Toronto, and the University of South
ern California.
Class I contains the names of Ox
ford, Cambridge, Yale. Harvard,
Princeton, Cornell, Dartmouth. Michi
gan. Chicago. Illinois, and Pennsylva
nia.
In addition to the relay races the
annual college Pentathlon is staged
in which the all around track and
field championships of America are
decided. The University ot Southern
California and California both en
tered teams in the Pentathlon last
year.
Stanford has been invited by the
University of Pennsylvania to send a
track team to compete in the Twenty
first Annual Intercollegiate and In
terschqlastic Relay Carnival, which
will lie held at Philadelphia on April
L>3 and 24.
Stanford will not send a. team to
Philadelphia for the Relay Carnival
this year, according to the Graduate
.Manager's office.
The meet, which is open to all col
loses and schools in th? United States.
Canada, and Europe, has come to be
regarded as the largest and most im
portant annual athletic contest in the
country.
Universities and colleges which
have been invited to participate have
been classified so that those consid
ered about equal in strength are ar
ranged in one group. Stanford if
classed in group 11, with the state
universities of Missouri, Wisconsin,
Minnesota, California, and with Notre
Dame. Purdue, Northwestern, McGill,
Toronto, and the University of South
ern California.
Class I contains the names of Ox
ford, Cambridge, Yale. Harvard,
Princeton, Cornell, Dartmouth. Michi
gan. Chicago. Illinois, and Pennsylva
nia.
In addition to the relay races the
annual college Pentathlon is staged
in which the all around track and
field championships of America are
decided. The University ot Southern
California and California both en
tered teams in the Pentathlon last
year.
