# GOP Candidate Due Here Monday
## 
### 
Lloyd Wright, challenger to in
cumbent U.S. Senator Thomas
Kuchel in the California Republi
can primary, will speak here Mon
day at 4:15 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
Wright, presented under the
sponsorship of the Conservative
Caucus, will talk on “The Meta
morphosis of Tom Kuchel,” trac
ing the senator’s voting record.
The candidate, who calls him
self a conservative, is a foi'mer
president of the American Bar
Association and the International
Bar Association.
His fight against Kuchel is
complicated by the candidacy of
another conservative. Howard
Jarvis of Los Angeles.
The victor in the three-cornered
primary in June will lace Demo
cratic state senator Richard Rich
ards in November.
Lloyd Wright, challenger to in
cumbent U.S. Senator Thomas
Kuchel in the California Republi
can primary, will speak here Mon
day at 4:15 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
Wright, presented under the
sponsorship of the Conservative
Caucus, will talk on “The Meta
morphosis of Tom Kuchel,” trac
ing the senator’s voting record.
The candidate, who calls him
self a conservative, is a foi'mer
president of the American Bar
Association and the International
Bar Association.
His fight against Kuchel is
complicated by the candidacy of
another conservative. Howard
Jarvis of Los Angeles.
The victor in the three-cornered
primary in June will lace Demo
cratic state senator Richard Rich
ards in November.
Lloyd Wright, challenger to in
cumbent U.S. Senator Thomas
Kuchel in the California Republi
can primary, will speak here Mon
day at 4:15 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
Wright, presented under the
sponsorship of the Conservative
Caucus, will talk on “The Meta
morphosis of Tom Kuchel,” trac
ing the senator’s voting record.
The candidate, who calls him
self a conservative, is a foi'mer
president of the American Bar
Association and the International
Bar Association.
His fight against Kuchel is
complicated by the candidacy of
another conservative. Howard
Jarvis of Los Angeles.
The victor in the three-cornered
primary in June will lace Demo
cratic state senator Richard Rich
ards in November.
Lloyd Wright, challenger to in
cumbent U.S. Senator Thomas
Kuchel in the California Republi
can primary, will speak here Mon
day at 4:15 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
Wright, presented under the
sponsorship of the Conservative
Caucus, will talk on “The Meta
morphosis of Tom Kuchel,” trac
ing the senator’s voting record.
The candidate, who calls him
self a conservative, is a foi'mer
president of the American Bar
Association and the International
Bar Association.
His fight against Kuchel is
complicated by the candidacy of
another conservative. Howard
Jarvis of Los Angeles.
The victor in the three-cornered
primary in June will lace Demo
cratic state senator Richard Rich
ards in November.
Lloyd Wright, challenger to in
cumbent U.S. Senator Thomas
Kuchel in the California Republi
can primary, will speak here Mon
day at 4:15 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
Wright, presented under the
sponsorship of the Conservative
Caucus, will talk on “The Meta
morphosis of Tom Kuchel,” trac
ing the senator’s voting record.
The candidate, who calls him
self a conservative, is a foi'mer
president of the American Bar
Association and the International
Bar Association.
His fight against Kuchel is
complicated by the candidacy of
another conservative. Howard
Jarvis of Los Angeles.
The victor in the three-cornered
primary in June will lace Demo
cratic state senator Richard Rich
ards in November.
Lloyd Wright, challenger to in
cumbent U.S. Senator Thomas
Kuchel in the California Republi
can primary, will speak here Mon
day at 4:15 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
Wright, presented under the
sponsorship of the Conservative
Caucus, will talk on “The Meta
morphosis of Tom Kuchel,” trac
ing the senator’s voting record.
The candidate, who calls him
self a conservative, is a foi'mer
president of the American Bar
Association and the International
Bar Association.
His fight against Kuchel is
complicated by the candidacy of
another conservative. Howard
Jarvis of Los Angeles.
The victor in the three-cornered
primary in June will lace Demo
cratic state senator Richard Rich
ards in November.
Lloyd Wright, challenger to in
cumbent U.S. Senator Thomas
Kuchel in the California Republi
can primary, will speak here Mon
day at 4:15 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
Wright, presented under the
sponsorship of the Conservative
Caucus, will talk on “The Meta
morphosis of Tom Kuchel,” trac
ing the senator’s voting record.
The candidate, who calls him
self a conservative, is a foi'mer
president of the American Bar
Association and the International
Bar Association.
His fight against Kuchel is
complicated by the candidacy of
another conservative. Howard
Jarvis of Los Angeles.
The victor in the three-cornered
primary in June will lace Demo
cratic state senator Richard Rich
ards in November.
Lloyd Wright, challenger to in
cumbent U.S. Senator Thomas
Kuchel in the California Republi
can primary, will speak here Mon
day at 4:15 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
Wright, presented under the
sponsorship of the Conservative
Caucus, will talk on “The Meta
morphosis of Tom Kuchel,” trac
ing the senator’s voting record.
The candidate, who calls him
self a conservative, is a foi'mer
president of the American Bar
Association and the International
Bar Association.
His fight against Kuchel is
complicated by the candidacy of
another conservative. Howard
Jarvis of Los Angeles.
The victor in the three-cornered
primary in June will lace Demo
cratic state senator Richard Rich
ards in November.
Lloyd Wright, challenger to in
cumbent U.S. Senator Thomas
Kuchel in the California Republi
can primary, will speak here Mon
day at 4:15 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
Wright, presented under the
sponsorship of the Conservative
Caucus, will talk on “The Meta
morphosis of Tom Kuchel,” trac
ing the senator’s voting record.
The candidate, who calls him
self a conservative, is a foi'mer
president of the American Bar
Association and the International
Bar Association.
His fight against Kuchel is
complicated by the candidacy of
another conservative. Howard
Jarvis of Los Angeles.
The victor in the three-cornered
primary in June will lace Demo
cratic state senator Richard Rich
ards in November.
Lloyd Wright, challenger to in
cumbent U.S. Senator Thomas
Kuchel in the California Republi
can primary, will speak here Mon
day at 4:15 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
Wright, presented under the
sponsorship of the Conservative
Caucus, will talk on “The Meta
morphosis of Tom Kuchel,” trac
ing the senator’s voting record.
The candidate, who calls him
self a conservative, is a foi'mer
president of the American Bar
Association and the International
Bar Association.
His fight against Kuchel is
complicated by the candidacy of
another conservative. Howard
Jarvis of Los Angeles.
The victor in the three-cornered
primary in June will lace Demo
cratic state senator Richard Rich
ards in November.
Lloyd Wright, challenger to in
cumbent U.S. Senator Thomas
Kuchel in the California Republi
can primary, will speak here Mon
day at 4:15 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
Wright, presented under the
sponsorship of the Conservative
Caucus, will talk on “The Meta
morphosis of Tom Kuchel,” trac
ing the senator’s voting record.
The candidate, who calls him
self a conservative, is a foi'mer
president of the American Bar
Association and the International
Bar Association.
His fight against Kuchel is
complicated by the candidacy of
another conservative. Howard
Jarvis of Los Angeles.
The victor in the three-cornered
primary in June will lace Demo
cratic state senator Richard Rich
ards in November.
Lloyd Wright, challenger to in
cumbent U.S. Senator Thomas
Kuchel in the California Republi
can primary, will speak here Mon
day at 4:15 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
Wright, presented under the
sponsorship of the Conservative
Caucus, will talk on “The Meta
morphosis of Tom Kuchel,” trac
ing the senator’s voting record.
The candidate, who calls him
self a conservative, is a foi'mer
president of the American Bar
Association and the International
Bar Association.
His fight against Kuchel is
complicated by the candidacy of
another conservative. Howard
Jarvis of Los Angeles.
The victor in the three-cornered
primary in June will lace Demo
cratic state senator Richard Rich
ards in November.
Lloyd Wright, challenger to in
cumbent U.S. Senator Thomas
Kuchel in the California Republi
can primary, will speak here Mon
day at 4:15 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
Wright, presented under the
sponsorship of the Conservative
Caucus, will talk on “The Meta
morphosis of Tom Kuchel,” trac
ing the senator’s voting record.
The candidate, who calls him
self a conservative, is a foi'mer
president of the American Bar
Association and the International
Bar Association.
His fight against Kuchel is
complicated by the candidacy of
another conservative. Howard
Jarvis of Los Angeles.
The victor in the three-cornered
primary in June will lace Demo
cratic state senator Richard Rich
ards in November.
Lloyd Wright, challenger to in
cumbent U.S. Senator Thomas
Kuchel in the California Republi
can primary, will speak here Mon
day at 4:15 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
Wright, presented under the
sponsorship of the Conservative
Caucus, will talk on “The Meta
morphosis of Tom Kuchel,” trac
ing the senator’s voting record.
The candidate, who calls him
self a conservative, is a foi'mer
president of the American Bar
Association and the International
Bar Association.
His fight against Kuchel is
complicated by the candidacy of
another conservative. Howard
Jarvis of Los Angeles.
The victor in the three-cornered
primary in June will lace Demo
cratic state senator Richard Rich
ards in November.
Lloyd Wright, challenger to in
cumbent U.S. Senator Thomas
Kuchel in the California Republi
can primary, will speak here Mon
day at 4:15 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
Wright, presented under the
sponsorship of the Conservative
Caucus, will talk on “The Meta
morphosis of Tom Kuchel,” trac
ing the senator’s voting record.
The candidate, who calls him
self a conservative, is a foi'mer
president of the American Bar
Association and the International
Bar Association.
His fight against Kuchel is
complicated by the candidacy of
another conservative. Howard
Jarvis of Los Angeles.
The victor in the three-cornered
primary in June will lace Demo
cratic state senator Richard Rich
ards in November.
Lloyd Wright, challenger to in
cumbent U.S. Senator Thomas
Kuchel in the California Republi
can primary, will speak here Mon
day at 4:15 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
Wright, presented under the
sponsorship of the Conservative
Caucus, will talk on “The Meta
morphosis of Tom Kuchel,” trac
ing the senator’s voting record.
The candidate, who calls him
self a conservative, is a foi'mer
president of the American Bar
Association and the International
Bar Association.
His fight against Kuchel is
complicated by the candidacy of
another conservative. Howard
Jarvis of Los Angeles.
The victor in the three-cornered
primary in June will lace Demo
cratic state senator Richard Rich
ards in November.
Lloyd Wright, challenger to in
cumbent U.S. Senator Thomas
Kuchel in the California Republi
can primary, will speak here Mon
day at 4:15 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
Wright, presented under the
sponsorship of the Conservative
Caucus, will talk on “The Meta
morphosis of Tom Kuchel,” trac
ing the senator’s voting record.
The candidate, who calls him
self a conservative, is a foi'mer
president of the American Bar
Association and the International
Bar Association.
His fight against Kuchel is
complicated by the candidacy of
another conservative. Howard
Jarvis of Los Angeles.
The victor in the three-cornered
primary in June will lace Demo
cratic state senator Richard Rich
ards in November.
