# NCAA Division I Men's Tennis Tournament
## 
### 

The NCAA Division I Men's Tennis Tournament does not follow strict numerical
seeding. Teams are Instead placed In groups of approximately equal ability and
placed by random draw on the bracket. For example, the selection committee
concluded that Stanford and LSU should be treated similarly and seeded both 3-4

The NCAA Division I Men's Tennis Tournament does not follow strict numerical
seeding. Teams are Instead placed In groups of approximately equal ability and
placed by random draw on the bracket. For example, the selection committee
concluded that Stanford and LSU should be treated similarly and seeded both 3-4

The NCAA Division I Men's Tennis Tournament does not follow strict numerical
seeding. Teams are Instead placed In groups of approximately equal ability and
placed by random draw on the bracket. For example, the selection committee
concluded that Stanford and LSU should be treated similarly and seeded both 3-4

The NCAA Division I Men's Tennis Tournament does not follow strict numerical
seeding. Teams are Instead placed In groups of approximately equal ability and
placed by random draw on the bracket. For example, the selection committee
concluded that Stanford and LSU should be treated similarly and seeded both 3-4

The NCAA Division I Men's Tennis Tournament does not follow strict numerical
seeding. Teams are Instead placed In groups of approximately equal ability and
placed by random draw on the bracket. For example, the selection committee
concluded that Stanford and LSU should be treated similarly and seeded both 3-4

The NCAA Division I Men's Tennis Tournament does not follow strict numerical
seeding. Teams are Instead placed In groups of approximately equal ability and
placed by random draw on the bracket. For example, the selection committee
concluded that Stanford and LSU should be treated similarly and seeded both 3-4

The NCAA Division I Men's Tennis Tournament does not follow strict numerical
seeding. Teams are Instead placed In groups of approximately equal ability and
placed by random draw on the bracket. For example, the selection committee
concluded that Stanford and LSU should be treated similarly and seeded both 3-4
