# 'Spain, 1933' To Be Series Topic Tonight
## 
### 
Professor Ronald Hilton of the
Stanford Hispanic-American faculty
will speak on "Spain, 1953" in this
week's Tuesday Evening Series lec
ture tonight at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Professor Hilton has just returned
from a three-month tour of Spain.
He visited Franc* ly, and England
as well, to note.'pactions of other
European countries to the Spanish
situation.
He will attempt to analyse the rela
tive strength of various important
groups in Spanish society, and will
also discuss relations between the
United States and Spain.
Professor Ronald Hilton of the
Stanford Hispanic-American faculty
will speak on "Spain, 1953" in this
week's Tuesday Evening Series lec
ture tonight at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Professor Hilton has just returned
from a three-month tour of Spain.
He visited Franc* ly, and England
as well, to note.'pactions of other
European countries to the Spanish
situation.
He will attempt to analyse the rela
tive strength of various important
groups in Spanish society, and will
also discuss relations between the
United States and Spain.
Professor Ronald Hilton of the
Stanford Hispanic-American faculty
will speak on "Spain, 1953" in this
week's Tuesday Evening Series lec
ture tonight at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Professor Hilton has just returned
from a three-month tour of Spain.
He visited Franc* ly, and England
as well, to note.'pactions of other
European countries to the Spanish
situation.
He will attempt to analyse the rela
tive strength of various important
groups in Spanish society, and will
also discuss relations between the
United States and Spain.
Professor Ronald Hilton of the
Stanford Hispanic-American faculty
will speak on "Spain, 1953" in this
week's Tuesday Evening Series lec
ture tonight at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Professor Hilton has just returned
from a three-month tour of Spain.
He visited Franc* ly, and England
as well, to note.'pactions of other
European countries to the Spanish
situation.
He will attempt to analyse the rela
tive strength of various important
groups in Spanish society, and will
also discuss relations between the
United States and Spain.
Professor Ronald Hilton of the
Stanford Hispanic-American faculty
will speak on "Spain, 1953" in this
week's Tuesday Evening Series lec
ture tonight at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Professor Hilton has just returned
from a three-month tour of Spain.
He visited Franc* ly, and England
as well, to note.'pactions of other
European countries to the Spanish
situation.
He will attempt to analyse the rela
tive strength of various important
groups in Spanish society, and will
also discuss relations between the
United States and Spain.
Professor Ronald Hilton of the
Stanford Hispanic-American faculty
will speak on "Spain, 1953" in this
week's Tuesday Evening Series lec
ture tonight at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Professor Hilton has just returned
from a three-month tour of Spain.
He visited Franc* ly, and England
as well, to note.'pactions of other
European countries to the Spanish
situation.
He will attempt to analyse the rela
tive strength of various important
groups in Spanish society, and will
also discuss relations between the
United States and Spain.
Professor Ronald Hilton of the
Stanford Hispanic-American faculty
will speak on "Spain, 1953" in this
week's Tuesday Evening Series lec
ture tonight at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Professor Hilton has just returned
from a three-month tour of Spain.
He visited Franc* ly, and England
as well, to note.'pactions of other
European countries to the Spanish
situation.
He will attempt to analyse the rela
tive strength of various important
groups in Spanish society, and will
also discuss relations between the
United States and Spain.
Professor Ronald Hilton of the
Stanford Hispanic-American faculty
will speak on "Spain, 1953" in this
week's Tuesday Evening Series lec
ture tonight at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Professor Hilton has just returned
from a three-month tour of Spain.
He visited Franc* ly, and England
as well, to note.'pactions of other
European countries to the Spanish
situation.
He will attempt to analyse the rela
tive strength of various important
groups in Spanish society, and will
also discuss relations between the
United States and Spain.
Professor Ronald Hilton of the
Stanford Hispanic-American faculty
will speak on "Spain, 1953" in this
week's Tuesday Evening Series lec
ture tonight at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Professor Hilton has just returned
from a three-month tour of Spain.
He visited Franc* ly, and England
as well, to note.'pactions of other
European countries to the Spanish
situation.
He will attempt to analyse the rela
tive strength of various important
groups in Spanish society, and will
also discuss relations between the
United States and Spain.
Professor Ronald Hilton of the
Stanford Hispanic-American faculty
will speak on "Spain, 1953" in this
week's Tuesday Evening Series lec
ture tonight at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Professor Hilton has just returned
from a three-month tour of Spain.
He visited Franc* ly, and England
as well, to note.'pactions of other
European countries to the Spanish
situation.
He will attempt to analyse the rela
tive strength of various important
groups in Spanish society, and will
also discuss relations between the
United States and Spain.
Professor Ronald Hilton of the
Stanford Hispanic-American faculty
will speak on "Spain, 1953" in this
week's Tuesday Evening Series lec
ture tonight at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Professor Hilton has just returned
from a three-month tour of Spain.
He visited Franc* ly, and England
as well, to note.'pactions of other
European countries to the Spanish
situation.
He will attempt to analyse the rela
tive strength of various important
groups in Spanish society, and will
also discuss relations between the
United States and Spain.
Professor Ronald Hilton of the
Stanford Hispanic-American faculty
will speak on "Spain, 1953" in this
week's Tuesday Evening Series lec
ture tonight at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Professor Hilton has just returned
from a three-month tour of Spain.
He visited Franc* ly, and England
as well, to note.'pactions of other
European countries to the Spanish
situation.
He will attempt to analyse the rela
tive strength of various important
groups in Spanish society, and will
also discuss relations between the
United States and Spain.
Professor Ronald Hilton of the
Stanford Hispanic-American faculty
will speak on "Spain, 1953" in this
week's Tuesday Evening Series lec
ture tonight at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Professor Hilton has just returned
from a three-month tour of Spain.
He visited Franc* ly, and England
as well, to note.'pactions of other
European countries to the Spanish
situation.
He will attempt to analyse the rela
tive strength of various important
groups in Spanish society, and will
also discuss relations between the
United States and Spain.
Professor Ronald Hilton of the
Stanford Hispanic-American faculty
will speak on "Spain, 1953" in this
week's Tuesday Evening Series lec
ture tonight at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Professor Hilton has just returned
from a three-month tour of Spain.
He visited Franc* ly, and England
as well, to note.'pactions of other
European countries to the Spanish
situation.
He will attempt to analyse the rela
tive strength of various important
groups in Spanish society, and will
also discuss relations between the
United States and Spain.
Professor Ronald Hilton of the
Stanford Hispanic-American faculty
will speak on "Spain, 1953" in this
week's Tuesday Evening Series lec
ture tonight at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Professor Hilton has just returned
from a three-month tour of Spain.
He visited Franc* ly, and England
as well, to note.'pactions of other
European countries to the Spanish
situation.
He will attempt to analyse the rela
tive strength of various important
groups in Spanish society, and will
also discuss relations between the
United States and Spain.
