# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Joan McLaughlin, '53,
to Doug Shumway, '53, Phi Delt.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Joan McLaughlin, '53,
to Doug Shumway, '53, Phi Delt.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Joan McLaughlin, '53,
to Doug Shumway, '53, Phi Delt.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Joan McLaughlin, '53,
to Doug Shumway, '53, Phi Delt.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Joan McLaughlin, '53,
to Doug Shumway, '53, Phi Delt.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Joan McLaughlin, '53,
to Doug Shumway, '53, Phi Delt.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Joan McLaughlin, '53,
to Doug Shumway, '53, Phi Delt.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Joan McLaughlin, '53,
to Doug Shumway, '53, Phi Delt.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Joan McLaughlin, '53,
to Doug Shumway, '53, Phi Delt.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Joan McLaughlin, '53,
to Doug Shumway, '53, Phi Delt.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Joan McLaughlin, '53,
to Doug Shumway, '53, Phi Delt.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Joan McLaughlin, '53,
to Doug Shumway, '53, Phi Delt.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Joan McLaughlin, '53,
to Doug Shumway, '53, Phi Delt.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Joan McLaughlin, '53,
to Doug Shumway, '53, Phi Delt.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Joan McLaughlin, '53,
to Doug Shumway, '53, Phi Delt.
