# DIVIDEX
## 
### 
Students interested in co-manag
ing Dividcx arc asked to come to
the Excom room at 3 p.m. today.
Students interested in co-manag
ing Dividcx arc asked to come to
the Excom room at 3 p.m. today.
Students interested in co-manag
ing Dividcx arc asked to come to
the Excom room at 3 p.m. today.
Students interested in co-manag
ing Dividcx arc asked to come to
the Excom room at 3 p.m. today.
Students interested in co-manag
ing Dividcx arc asked to come to
the Excom room at 3 p.m. today.
Students interested in co-manag
ing Dividcx arc asked to come to
the Excom room at 3 p.m. today.
Students interested in co-manag
ing Dividcx arc asked to come to
the Excom room at 3 p.m. today.
Students interested in co-manag
ing Dividcx arc asked to come to
the Excom room at 3 p.m. today.
Students interested in co-manag
ing Dividcx arc asked to come to
the Excom room at 3 p.m. today.
Students interested in co-manag
ing Dividcx arc asked to come to
the Excom room at 3 p.m. today.
Students interested in co-manag
ing Dividcx arc asked to come to
the Excom room at 3 p.m. today.
Students interested in co-manag
ing Dividcx arc asked to come to
the Excom room at 3 p.m. today.
Students interested in co-manag
ing Dividcx arc asked to come to
the Excom room at 3 p.m. today.
Students interested in co-manag
ing Dividcx arc asked to come to
the Excom room at 3 p.m. today.
Students interested in co-manag
ing Dividcx arc asked to come to
the Excom room at 3 p.m. today.
