# Water Carnival Set for May 2-3
## 
### 
The keel has been laid for the
launching of the annual Junior Wa
ter Carnival on the weekend of
May 2-:5.
"South Seas Regatta" is the theme
for the float parade this year which
highlights the weekend events in
cluding water games and entertain
ment by the Hawaiian Club.
All living groups planning to en
ter floats in the Water Carnival
must sign up at the ASSU office by
April 29. Sign-up sheets for t tho
Water Carnival will be distributed
lo living groups and should be sub
mitted to the ASSU office by Fri
day, May 112.
Further plans for the Carnival
weekend will be made tonight at a
meeting of Junior Excom. Informa
tion about the event can be ob
tained by contacting Pete Sabin,
Water Carnival chairman, at DA
3-8760.
The keel has been laid for the
launching of the annual Junior Wa
ter Carnival on the weekend of
May 2-:5.
"South Seas Regatta" is the theme
for the float parade this year which
highlights the weekend events in
cluding water games and entertain
ment by the Hawaiian Club.
All living groups planning to en
ter floats in the Water Carnival
must sign up at the ASSU office by
April 29. Sign-up sheets for t tho
Water Carnival will be distributed
lo living groups and should be sub
mitted to the ASSU office by Fri
day, May 112.
Further plans for the Carnival
weekend will be made tonight at a
meeting of Junior Excom. Informa
tion about the event can be ob
tained by contacting Pete Sabin,
Water Carnival chairman, at DA
3-8760.
The keel has been laid for the
launching of the annual Junior Wa
ter Carnival on the weekend of
May 2-:5.
"South Seas Regatta" is the theme
for the float parade this year which
highlights the weekend events in
cluding water games and entertain
ment by the Hawaiian Club.
All living groups planning to en
ter floats in the Water Carnival
must sign up at the ASSU office by
April 29. Sign-up sheets for t tho
Water Carnival will be distributed
lo living groups and should be sub
mitted to the ASSU office by Fri
day, May 112.
Further plans for the Carnival
weekend will be made tonight at a
meeting of Junior Excom. Informa
tion about the event can be ob
tained by contacting Pete Sabin,
Water Carnival chairman, at DA
3-8760.
The keel has been laid for the
launching of the annual Junior Wa
ter Carnival on the weekend of
May 2-:5.
"South Seas Regatta" is the theme
for the float parade this year which
highlights the weekend events in
cluding water games and entertain
ment by the Hawaiian Club.
All living groups planning to en
ter floats in the Water Carnival
must sign up at the ASSU office by
April 29. Sign-up sheets for t tho
Water Carnival will be distributed
lo living groups and should be sub
mitted to the ASSU office by Fri
day, May 112.
Further plans for the Carnival
weekend will be made tonight at a
meeting of Junior Excom. Informa
tion about the event can be ob
tained by contacting Pete Sabin,
Water Carnival chairman, at DA
3-8760.
The keel has been laid for the
launching of the annual Junior Wa
ter Carnival on the weekend of
May 2-:5.
"South Seas Regatta" is the theme
for the float parade this year which
highlights the weekend events in
cluding water games and entertain
ment by the Hawaiian Club.
All living groups planning to en
ter floats in the Water Carnival
must sign up at the ASSU office by
April 29. Sign-up sheets for t tho
Water Carnival will be distributed
lo living groups and should be sub
mitted to the ASSU office by Fri
day, May 112.
Further plans for the Carnival
weekend will be made tonight at a
meeting of Junior Excom. Informa
tion about the event can be ob
tained by contacting Pete Sabin,
Water Carnival chairman, at DA
3-8760.
The keel has been laid for the
launching of the annual Junior Wa
ter Carnival on the weekend of
May 2-:5.
"South Seas Regatta" is the theme
for the float parade this year which
highlights the weekend events in
cluding water games and entertain
ment by the Hawaiian Club.
All living groups planning to en
ter floats in the Water Carnival
must sign up at the ASSU office by
April 29. Sign-up sheets for t tho
Water Carnival will be distributed
lo living groups and should be sub
mitted to the ASSU office by Fri
day, May 112.
Further plans for the Carnival
weekend will be made tonight at a
meeting of Junior Excom. Informa
tion about the event can be ob
tained by contacting Pete Sabin,
Water Carnival chairman, at DA
3-8760.
The keel has been laid for the
launching of the annual Junior Wa
ter Carnival on the weekend of
May 2-:5.
"South Seas Regatta" is the theme
for the float parade this year which
highlights the weekend events in
cluding water games and entertain
ment by the Hawaiian Club.
All living groups planning to en
ter floats in the Water Carnival
must sign up at the ASSU office by
April 29. Sign-up sheets for t tho
Water Carnival will be distributed
lo living groups and should be sub
mitted to the ASSU office by Fri
day, May 112.
Further plans for the Carnival
weekend will be made tonight at a
meeting of Junior Excom. Informa
tion about the event can be ob
tained by contacting Pete Sabin,
Water Carnival chairman, at DA
3-8760.
The keel has been laid for the
launching of the annual Junior Wa
ter Carnival on the weekend of
May 2-:5.
"South Seas Regatta" is the theme
for the float parade this year which
highlights the weekend events in
cluding water games and entertain
ment by the Hawaiian Club.
All living groups planning to en
ter floats in the Water Carnival
must sign up at the ASSU office by
April 29. Sign-up sheets for t tho
Water Carnival will be distributed
lo living groups and should be sub
mitted to the ASSU office by Fri
day, May 112.
Further plans for the Carnival
weekend will be made tonight at a
meeting of Junior Excom. Informa
tion about the event can be ob
tained by contacting Pete Sabin,
Water Carnival chairman, at DA
3-8760.
The keel has been laid for the
launching of the annual Junior Wa
ter Carnival on the weekend of
May 2-:5.
"South Seas Regatta" is the theme
for the float parade this year which
highlights the weekend events in
cluding water games and entertain
ment by the Hawaiian Club.
All living groups planning to en
ter floats in the Water Carnival
must sign up at the ASSU office by
April 29. Sign-up sheets for t tho
Water Carnival will be distributed
lo living groups and should be sub
mitted to the ASSU office by Fri
day, May 112.
Further plans for the Carnival
weekend will be made tonight at a
meeting of Junior Excom. Informa
tion about the event can be ob
tained by contacting Pete Sabin,
Water Carnival chairman, at DA
3-8760.
The keel has been laid for the
launching of the annual Junior Wa
ter Carnival on the weekend of
May 2-:5.
"South Seas Regatta" is the theme
for the float parade this year which
highlights the weekend events in
cluding water games and entertain
ment by the Hawaiian Club.
All living groups planning to en
ter floats in the Water Carnival
must sign up at the ASSU office by
April 29. Sign-up sheets for t tho
Water Carnival will be distributed
lo living groups and should be sub
mitted to the ASSU office by Fri
day, May 112.
Further plans for the Carnival
weekend will be made tonight at a
meeting of Junior Excom. Informa
tion about the event can be ob
tained by contacting Pete Sabin,
Water Carnival chairman, at DA
3-8760.
The keel has been laid for the
launching of the annual Junior Wa
ter Carnival on the weekend of
May 2-:5.
"South Seas Regatta" is the theme
for the float parade this year which
highlights the weekend events in
cluding water games and entertain
ment by the Hawaiian Club.
All living groups planning to en
ter floats in the Water Carnival
must sign up at the ASSU office by
April 29. Sign-up sheets for t tho
Water Carnival will be distributed
lo living groups and should be sub
mitted to the ASSU office by Fri
day, May 112.
Further plans for the Carnival
weekend will be made tonight at a
meeting of Junior Excom. Informa
tion about the event can be ob
tained by contacting Pete Sabin,
Water Carnival chairman, at DA
3-8760.
The keel has been laid for the
launching of the annual Junior Wa
ter Carnival on the weekend of
May 2-:5.
"South Seas Regatta" is the theme
for the float parade this year which
highlights the weekend events in
cluding water games and entertain
ment by the Hawaiian Club.
All living groups planning to en
ter floats in the Water Carnival
must sign up at the ASSU office by
April 29. Sign-up sheets for t tho
Water Carnival will be distributed
lo living groups and should be sub
mitted to the ASSU office by Fri
day, May 112.
Further plans for the Carnival
weekend will be made tonight at a
meeting of Junior Excom. Informa
tion about the event can be ob
tained by contacting Pete Sabin,
Water Carnival chairman, at DA
3-8760.
The keel has been laid for the
launching of the annual Junior Wa
ter Carnival on the weekend of
May 2-:5.
"South Seas Regatta" is the theme
for the float parade this year which
highlights the weekend events in
cluding water games and entertain
ment by the Hawaiian Club.
All living groups planning to en
ter floats in the Water Carnival
must sign up at the ASSU office by
April 29. Sign-up sheets for t tho
Water Carnival will be distributed
lo living groups and should be sub
mitted to the ASSU office by Fri
day, May 112.
Further plans for the Carnival
weekend will be made tonight at a
meeting of Junior Excom. Informa
tion about the event can be ob
tained by contacting Pete Sabin,
Water Carnival chairman, at DA
3-8760.
The keel has been laid for the
launching of the annual Junior Wa
ter Carnival on the weekend of
May 2-:5.
"South Seas Regatta" is the theme
for the float parade this year which
highlights the weekend events in
cluding water games and entertain
ment by the Hawaiian Club.
All living groups planning to en
ter floats in the Water Carnival
must sign up at the ASSU office by
April 29. Sign-up sheets for t tho
Water Carnival will be distributed
lo living groups and should be sub
mitted to the ASSU office by Fri
day, May 112.
Further plans for the Carnival
weekend will be made tonight at a
meeting of Junior Excom. Informa
tion about the event can be ob
tained by contacting Pete Sabin,
Water Carnival chairman, at DA
3-8760.
The keel has been laid for the
launching of the annual Junior Wa
ter Carnival on the weekend of
May 2-:5.
"South Seas Regatta" is the theme
for the float parade this year which
highlights the weekend events in
cluding water games and entertain
ment by the Hawaiian Club.
All living groups planning to en
ter floats in the Water Carnival
must sign up at the ASSU office by
April 29. Sign-up sheets for t tho
Water Carnival will be distributed
lo living groups and should be sub
mitted to the ASSU office by Fri
day, May 112.
Further plans for the Carnival
weekend will be made tonight at a
meeting of Junior Excom. Informa
tion about the event can be ob
tained by contacting Pete Sabin,
Water Carnival chairman, at DA
3-8760.
