# STERLING HALL ELECTIONS
## 
### 
Ann Sterling Hall, the graduate
women's dormitory, has elected the
following officers for spring quar
ter: president, Madeleine Conley;
vice - president, Carole Hamal;
treasurer, Ruth Wilson; secretary,
Dorothy Garrison; social chairmen,
Kathleen Kelly and Sally Bonney;
publicity chairmen, Nancy Leonard
and Mary Horsley.
Ann Sterling Hall, the graduate
women's dormitory, has elected the
following officers for spring quar
ter: president, Madeleine Conley;
vice - president, Carole Hamal;
treasurer, Ruth Wilson; secretary,
Dorothy Garrison; social chairmen,
Kathleen Kelly and Sally Bonney;
publicity chairmen, Nancy Leonard
and Mary Horsley.
Ann Sterling Hall, the graduate
women's dormitory, has elected the
following officers for spring quar
ter: president, Madeleine Conley;
vice - president, Carole Hamal;
treasurer, Ruth Wilson; secretary,
Dorothy Garrison; social chairmen,
Kathleen Kelly and Sally Bonney;
publicity chairmen, Nancy Leonard
and Mary Horsley.
Ann Sterling Hall, the graduate
women's dormitory, has elected the
following officers for spring quar
ter: president, Madeleine Conley;
vice - president, Carole Hamal;
treasurer, Ruth Wilson; secretary,
Dorothy Garrison; social chairmen,
Kathleen Kelly and Sally Bonney;
publicity chairmen, Nancy Leonard
and Mary Horsley.
Ann Sterling Hall, the graduate
women's dormitory, has elected the
following officers for spring quar
ter: president, Madeleine Conley;
vice - president, Carole Hamal;
treasurer, Ruth Wilson; secretary,
Dorothy Garrison; social chairmen,
Kathleen Kelly and Sally Bonney;
publicity chairmen, Nancy Leonard
and Mary Horsley.
Ann Sterling Hall, the graduate
women's dormitory, has elected the
following officers for spring quar
ter: president, Madeleine Conley;
vice - president, Carole Hamal;
treasurer, Ruth Wilson; secretary,
Dorothy Garrison; social chairmen,
Kathleen Kelly and Sally Bonney;
publicity chairmen, Nancy Leonard
and Mary Horsley.
Ann Sterling Hall, the graduate
women's dormitory, has elected the
following officers for spring quar
ter: president, Madeleine Conley;
vice - president, Carole Hamal;
treasurer, Ruth Wilson; secretary,
Dorothy Garrison; social chairmen,
Kathleen Kelly and Sally Bonney;
publicity chairmen, Nancy Leonard
and Mary Horsley.
Ann Sterling Hall, the graduate
women's dormitory, has elected the
following officers for spring quar
ter: president, Madeleine Conley;
vice - president, Carole Hamal;
treasurer, Ruth Wilson; secretary,
Dorothy Garrison; social chairmen,
Kathleen Kelly and Sally Bonney;
publicity chairmen, Nancy Leonard
and Mary Horsley.
Ann Sterling Hall, the graduate
women's dormitory, has elected the
following officers for spring quar
ter: president, Madeleine Conley;
vice - president, Carole Hamal;
treasurer, Ruth Wilson; secretary,
Dorothy Garrison; social chairmen,
Kathleen Kelly and Sally Bonney;
publicity chairmen, Nancy Leonard
and Mary Horsley.
Ann Sterling Hall, the graduate
women's dormitory, has elected the
following officers for spring quar
ter: president, Madeleine Conley;
vice - president, Carole Hamal;
treasurer, Ruth Wilson; secretary,
Dorothy Garrison; social chairmen,
Kathleen Kelly and Sally Bonney;
publicity chairmen, Nancy Leonard
and Mary Horsley.
Ann Sterling Hall, the graduate
women's dormitory, has elected the
following officers for spring quar
ter: president, Madeleine Conley;
vice - president, Carole Hamal;
treasurer, Ruth Wilson; secretary,
Dorothy Garrison; social chairmen,
Kathleen Kelly and Sally Bonney;
publicity chairmen, Nancy Leonard
and Mary Horsley.
Ann Sterling Hall, the graduate
women's dormitory, has elected the
following officers for spring quar
ter: president, Madeleine Conley;
vice - president, Carole Hamal;
treasurer, Ruth Wilson; secretary,
Dorothy Garrison; social chairmen,
Kathleen Kelly and Sally Bonney;
publicity chairmen, Nancy Leonard
and Mary Horsley.
Ann Sterling Hall, the graduate
women's dormitory, has elected the
following officers for spring quar
ter: president, Madeleine Conley;
vice - president, Carole Hamal;
treasurer, Ruth Wilson; secretary,
Dorothy Garrison; social chairmen,
Kathleen Kelly and Sally Bonney;
publicity chairmen, Nancy Leonard
and Mary Horsley.
Ann Sterling Hall, the graduate
women's dormitory, has elected the
following officers for spring quar
ter: president, Madeleine Conley;
vice - president, Carole Hamal;
treasurer, Ruth Wilson; secretary,
Dorothy Garrison; social chairmen,
Kathleen Kelly and Sally Bonney;
publicity chairmen, Nancy Leonard
and Mary Horsley.
Ann Sterling Hall, the graduate
women's dormitory, has elected the
following officers for spring quar
ter: president, Madeleine Conley;
vice - president, Carole Hamal;
treasurer, Ruth Wilson; secretary,
Dorothy Garrison; social chairmen,
Kathleen Kelly and Sally Bonney;
publicity chairmen, Nancy Leonard
and Mary Horsley.
