# Peace Speaker Is Guest Of International Club
## 
### 
Representing one of the "Peace
Caravans" crusading tlfe country
under the auspices of the American
Friends Service Committee, John
Davies was the guest of the Interna
tional Club of Stanford University at
its luncheon yesterday noon. Davies is
one member of the two-man caravan
that visited Palo Alto yesterday. The
purpose of all the caravans is to
strengthen the good-will for interna
tional friendship and co-operation.
Francis Balazs, the other member of
the caravan, spoke to the Palo Alto
American Region at the time Davies
was visiting the students. In the eve
ning, both took part in an engagement
at the Community House. As a form
of entertainment, Balazs, who is a
baritone, presented"A Night of Folk
songs." Following this, Davies spoke
on"America and China" and Balazs on
"The Youth Movement in Europe."
There are nine caravans in all tour
ing the country. Each consists of two
students and a Ford. Several of the
caravans are comprised of women stu
dents.
Representing one of the "Peace
Caravans" crusading tlfe country
under the auspices of the American
Friends Service Committee, John
Davies was the guest of the Interna
tional Club of Stanford University at
its luncheon yesterday noon. Davies is
one member of the two-man caravan
that visited Palo Alto yesterday. The
purpose of all the caravans is to
strengthen the good-will for interna
tional friendship and co-operation.
Francis Balazs, the other member of
the caravan, spoke to the Palo Alto
American Region at the time Davies
was visiting the students. In the eve
ning, both took part in an engagement
at the Community House. As a form
of entertainment, Balazs, who is a
baritone, presented"A Night of Folk
songs." Following this, Davies spoke
on"America and China" and Balazs on
"The Youth Movement in Europe."
There are nine caravans in all tour
ing the country. Each consists of two
students and a Ford. Several of the
caravans are comprised of women stu
dents.
Representing one of the "Peace
Caravans" crusading tlfe country
under the auspices of the American
Friends Service Committee, John
Davies was the guest of the Interna
tional Club of Stanford University at
its luncheon yesterday noon. Davies is
one member of the two-man caravan
that visited Palo Alto yesterday. The
purpose of all the caravans is to
strengthen the good-will for interna
tional friendship and co-operation.
Francis Balazs, the other member of
the caravan, spoke to the Palo Alto
American Region at the time Davies
was visiting the students. In the eve
ning, both took part in an engagement
at the Community House. As a form
of entertainment, Balazs, who is a
baritone, presented"A Night of Folk
songs." Following this, Davies spoke
on"America and China" and Balazs on
"The Youth Movement in Europe."
There are nine caravans in all tour
ing the country. Each consists of two
students and a Ford. Several of the
caravans are comprised of women stu
dents.
Representing one of the "Peace
Caravans" crusading tlfe country
under the auspices of the American
Friends Service Committee, John
Davies was the guest of the Interna
tional Club of Stanford University at
its luncheon yesterday noon. Davies is
one member of the two-man caravan
that visited Palo Alto yesterday. The
purpose of all the caravans is to
strengthen the good-will for interna
tional friendship and co-operation.
Francis Balazs, the other member of
the caravan, spoke to the Palo Alto
American Region at the time Davies
was visiting the students. In the eve
ning, both took part in an engagement
at the Community House. As a form
of entertainment, Balazs, who is a
baritone, presented"A Night of Folk
songs." Following this, Davies spoke
on"America and China" and Balazs on
"The Youth Movement in Europe."
There are nine caravans in all tour
ing the country. Each consists of two
students and a Ford. Several of the
caravans are comprised of women stu
dents.
Representing one of the "Peace
Caravans" crusading tlfe country
under the auspices of the American
Friends Service Committee, John
Davies was the guest of the Interna
tional Club of Stanford University at
its luncheon yesterday noon. Davies is
one member of the two-man caravan
that visited Palo Alto yesterday. The
purpose of all the caravans is to
strengthen the good-will for interna
tional friendship and co-operation.
Francis Balazs, the other member of
the caravan, spoke to the Palo Alto
American Region at the time Davies
was visiting the students. In the eve
ning, both took part in an engagement
at the Community House. As a form
of entertainment, Balazs, who is a
baritone, presented"A Night of Folk
songs." Following this, Davies spoke
on"America and China" and Balazs on
"The Youth Movement in Europe."
There are nine caravans in all tour
ing the country. Each consists of two
students and a Ford. Several of the
caravans are comprised of women stu
dents.
Representing one of the "Peace
Caravans" crusading tlfe country
under the auspices of the American
Friends Service Committee, John
Davies was the guest of the Interna
tional Club of Stanford University at
its luncheon yesterday noon. Davies is
one member of the two-man caravan
that visited Palo Alto yesterday. The
purpose of all the caravans is to
strengthen the good-will for interna
tional friendship and co-operation.
Francis Balazs, the other member of
the caravan, spoke to the Palo Alto
American Region at the time Davies
was visiting the students. In the eve
ning, both took part in an engagement
at the Community House. As a form
of entertainment, Balazs, who is a
baritone, presented"A Night of Folk
songs." Following this, Davies spoke
on"America and China" and Balazs on
"The Youth Movement in Europe."
There are nine caravans in all tour
ing the country. Each consists of two
students and a Ford. Several of the
caravans are comprised of women stu
dents.
Representing one of the "Peace
Caravans" crusading tlfe country
under the auspices of the American
Friends Service Committee, John
Davies was the guest of the Interna
tional Club of Stanford University at
its luncheon yesterday noon. Davies is
one member of the two-man caravan
that visited Palo Alto yesterday. The
purpose of all the caravans is to
strengthen the good-will for interna
tional friendship and co-operation.
Francis Balazs, the other member of
the caravan, spoke to the Palo Alto
American Region at the time Davies
was visiting the students. In the eve
ning, both took part in an engagement
at the Community House. As a form
of entertainment, Balazs, who is a
baritone, presented"A Night of Folk
songs." Following this, Davies spoke
on"America and China" and Balazs on
"The Youth Movement in Europe."
There are nine caravans in all tour
ing the country. Each consists of two
students and a Ford. Several of the
caravans are comprised of women stu
dents.
Representing one of the "Peace
Caravans" crusading tlfe country
under the auspices of the American
Friends Service Committee, John
Davies was the guest of the Interna
tional Club of Stanford University at
its luncheon yesterday noon. Davies is
one member of the two-man caravan
that visited Palo Alto yesterday. The
purpose of all the caravans is to
strengthen the good-will for interna
tional friendship and co-operation.
Francis Balazs, the other member of
the caravan, spoke to the Palo Alto
American Region at the time Davies
was visiting the students. In the eve
ning, both took part in an engagement
at the Community House. As a form
of entertainment, Balazs, who is a
baritone, presented"A Night of Folk
songs." Following this, Davies spoke
on"America and China" and Balazs on
"The Youth Movement in Europe."
There are nine caravans in all tour
ing the country. Each consists of two
students and a Ford. Several of the
caravans are comprised of women stu
dents.
Representing one of the "Peace
Caravans" crusading tlfe country
under the auspices of the American
Friends Service Committee, John
Davies was the guest of the Interna
tional Club of Stanford University at
its luncheon yesterday noon. Davies is
one member of the two-man caravan
that visited Palo Alto yesterday. The
purpose of all the caravans is to
strengthen the good-will for interna
tional friendship and co-operation.
Francis Balazs, the other member of
the caravan, spoke to the Palo Alto
American Region at the time Davies
was visiting the students. In the eve
ning, both took part in an engagement
at the Community House. As a form
of entertainment, Balazs, who is a
baritone, presented"A Night of Folk
songs." Following this, Davies spoke
on"America and China" and Balazs on
"The Youth Movement in Europe."
There are nine caravans in all tour
ing the country. Each consists of two
students and a Ford. Several of the
caravans are comprised of women stu
dents.
Representing one of the "Peace
Caravans" crusading tlfe country
under the auspices of the American
Friends Service Committee, John
Davies was the guest of the Interna
tional Club of Stanford University at
its luncheon yesterday noon. Davies is
one member of the two-man caravan
that visited Palo Alto yesterday. The
purpose of all the caravans is to
strengthen the good-will for interna
tional friendship and co-operation.
Francis Balazs, the other member of
the caravan, spoke to the Palo Alto
American Region at the time Davies
was visiting the students. In the eve
ning, both took part in an engagement
at the Community House. As a form
of entertainment, Balazs, who is a
baritone, presented"A Night of Folk
songs." Following this, Davies spoke
on"America and China" and Balazs on
"The Youth Movement in Europe."
There are nine caravans in all tour
ing the country. Each consists of two
students and a Ford. Several of the
caravans are comprised of women stu
dents.
Representing one of the "Peace
Caravans" crusading tlfe country
under the auspices of the American
Friends Service Committee, John
Davies was the guest of the Interna
tional Club of Stanford University at
its luncheon yesterday noon. Davies is
one member of the two-man caravan
that visited Palo Alto yesterday. The
purpose of all the caravans is to
strengthen the good-will for interna
tional friendship and co-operation.
Francis Balazs, the other member of
the caravan, spoke to the Palo Alto
American Region at the time Davies
was visiting the students. In the eve
ning, both took part in an engagement
at the Community House. As a form
of entertainment, Balazs, who is a
baritone, presented"A Night of Folk
songs." Following this, Davies spoke
on"America and China" and Balazs on
"The Youth Movement in Europe."
There are nine caravans in all tour
ing the country. Each consists of two
students and a Ford. Several of the
caravans are comprised of women stu
dents.
Representing one of the "Peace
Caravans" crusading tlfe country
under the auspices of the American
Friends Service Committee, John
Davies was the guest of the Interna
tional Club of Stanford University at
its luncheon yesterday noon. Davies is
one member of the two-man caravan
that visited Palo Alto yesterday. The
purpose of all the caravans is to
strengthen the good-will for interna
tional friendship and co-operation.
Francis Balazs, the other member of
the caravan, spoke to the Palo Alto
American Region at the time Davies
was visiting the students. In the eve
ning, both took part in an engagement
at the Community House. As a form
of entertainment, Balazs, who is a
baritone, presented"A Night of Folk
songs." Following this, Davies spoke
on"America and China" and Balazs on
"The Youth Movement in Europe."
There are nine caravans in all tour
ing the country. Each consists of two
students and a Ford. Several of the
caravans are comprised of women stu
dents.
Representing one of the "Peace
Caravans" crusading tlfe country
under the auspices of the American
Friends Service Committee, John
Davies was the guest of the Interna
tional Club of Stanford University at
its luncheon yesterday noon. Davies is
one member of the two-man caravan
that visited Palo Alto yesterday. The
purpose of all the caravans is to
strengthen the good-will for interna
tional friendship and co-operation.
Francis Balazs, the other member of
the caravan, spoke to the Palo Alto
American Region at the time Davies
was visiting the students. In the eve
ning, both took part in an engagement
at the Community House. As a form
of entertainment, Balazs, who is a
baritone, presented"A Night of Folk
songs." Following this, Davies spoke
on"America and China" and Balazs on
"The Youth Movement in Europe."
There are nine caravans in all tour
ing the country. Each consists of two
students and a Ford. Several of the
caravans are comprised of women stu
dents.
Representing one of the "Peace
Caravans" crusading tlfe country
under the auspices of the American
Friends Service Committee, John
Davies was the guest of the Interna
tional Club of Stanford University at
its luncheon yesterday noon. Davies is
one member of the two-man caravan
that visited Palo Alto yesterday. The
purpose of all the caravans is to
strengthen the good-will for interna
tional friendship and co-operation.
Francis Balazs, the other member of
the caravan, spoke to the Palo Alto
American Region at the time Davies
was visiting the students. In the eve
ning, both took part in an engagement
at the Community House. As a form
of entertainment, Balazs, who is a
baritone, presented"A Night of Folk
songs." Following this, Davies spoke
on"America and China" and Balazs on
"The Youth Movement in Europe."
There are nine caravans in all tour
ing the country. Each consists of two
students and a Ford. Several of the
caravans are comprised of women stu
dents.
Representing one of the "Peace
Caravans" crusading tlfe country
under the auspices of the American
Friends Service Committee, John
Davies was the guest of the Interna
tional Club of Stanford University at
its luncheon yesterday noon. Davies is
one member of the two-man caravan
that visited Palo Alto yesterday. The
purpose of all the caravans is to
strengthen the good-will for interna
tional friendship and co-operation.
Francis Balazs, the other member of
the caravan, spoke to the Palo Alto
American Region at the time Davies
was visiting the students. In the eve
ning, both took part in an engagement
at the Community House. As a form
of entertainment, Balazs, who is a
baritone, presented"A Night of Folk
songs." Following this, Davies spoke
on"America and China" and Balazs on
"The Youth Movement in Europe."
There are nine caravans in all tour
ing the country. Each consists of two
students and a Ford. Several of the
caravans are comprised of women stu
dents.
