# WALTER TO CONDUCT WAGNER PROGRAM AT SAN MATEO SUNDAY
## 
### 
Bruno Walter, the internationally fa
mous symphony conductor, will direct
next Sunday's concert in the Woodland
Theatre at Hillsborough. Sunday's pro
gram will feature a group of Wagnerian
compositions. The fallowing will he the
program presented:
Overture, "Romeo and Juliet" (Tschai
kowsky) ; "Birthday of the Infants"
(Franz Schrekcr); Overture, "Wotan's
Farewell and Fire Music" (Wagner);
Prelude and Love-Death from "Tristan"
(Wagner); Overture, "Rienzi" (\Vag
nCr).
Bruno Walter, the internationally fa
mous symphony conductor, will direct
next Sunday's concert in the Woodland
Theatre at Hillsborough. Sunday's pro
gram will feature a group of Wagnerian
compositions. The fallowing will he the
program presented:
Overture, "Romeo and Juliet" (Tschai
kowsky) ; "Birthday of the Infants"
(Franz Schrekcr); Overture, "Wotan's
Farewell and Fire Music" (Wagner);
Prelude and Love-Death from "Tristan"
(Wagner); Overture, "Rienzi" (\Vag
nCr).
Bruno Walter, the internationally fa
mous symphony conductor, will direct
next Sunday's concert in the Woodland
Theatre at Hillsborough. Sunday's pro
gram will feature a group of Wagnerian
compositions. The fallowing will he the
program presented:
Overture, "Romeo and Juliet" (Tschai
kowsky) ; "Birthday of the Infants"
(Franz Schrekcr); Overture, "Wotan's
Farewell and Fire Music" (Wagner);
Prelude and Love-Death from "Tristan"
(Wagner); Overture, "Rienzi" (\Vag
nCr).
Bruno Walter, the internationally fa
mous symphony conductor, will direct
next Sunday's concert in the Woodland
Theatre at Hillsborough. Sunday's pro
gram will feature a group of Wagnerian
compositions. The fallowing will he the
program presented:
Overture, "Romeo and Juliet" (Tschai
kowsky) ; "Birthday of the Infants"
(Franz Schrekcr); Overture, "Wotan's
Farewell and Fire Music" (Wagner);
Prelude and Love-Death from "Tristan"
(Wagner); Overture, "Rienzi" (\Vag
nCr).
Bruno Walter, the internationally fa
mous symphony conductor, will direct
next Sunday's concert in the Woodland
Theatre at Hillsborough. Sunday's pro
gram will feature a group of Wagnerian
compositions. The fallowing will he the
program presented:
Overture, "Romeo and Juliet" (Tschai
kowsky) ; "Birthday of the Infants"
(Franz Schrekcr); Overture, "Wotan's
Farewell and Fire Music" (Wagner);
Prelude and Love-Death from "Tristan"
(Wagner); Overture, "Rienzi" (\Vag
nCr).
Bruno Walter, the internationally fa
mous symphony conductor, will direct
next Sunday's concert in the Woodland
Theatre at Hillsborough. Sunday's pro
gram will feature a group of Wagnerian
compositions. The fallowing will he the
program presented:
Overture, "Romeo and Juliet" (Tschai
kowsky) ; "Birthday of the Infants"
(Franz Schrekcr); Overture, "Wotan's
Farewell and Fire Music" (Wagner);
Prelude and Love-Death from "Tristan"
(Wagner); Overture, "Rienzi" (\Vag
nCr).
Bruno Walter, the internationally fa
mous symphony conductor, will direct
next Sunday's concert in the Woodland
Theatre at Hillsborough. Sunday's pro
gram will feature a group of Wagnerian
compositions. The fallowing will he the
program presented:
Overture, "Romeo and Juliet" (Tschai
kowsky) ; "Birthday of the Infants"
(Franz Schrekcr); Overture, "Wotan's
Farewell and Fire Music" (Wagner);
Prelude and Love-Death from "Tristan"
(Wagner); Overture, "Rienzi" (\Vag
nCr).
Bruno Walter, the internationally fa
mous symphony conductor, will direct
next Sunday's concert in the Woodland
Theatre at Hillsborough. Sunday's pro
gram will feature a group of Wagnerian
compositions. The fallowing will he the
program presented:
Overture, "Romeo and Juliet" (Tschai
kowsky) ; "Birthday of the Infants"
(Franz Schrekcr); Overture, "Wotan's
Farewell and Fire Music" (Wagner);
Prelude and Love-Death from "Tristan"
(Wagner); Overture, "Rienzi" (\Vag
nCr).
Bruno Walter, the internationally fa
mous symphony conductor, will direct
next Sunday's concert in the Woodland
Theatre at Hillsborough. Sunday's pro
gram will feature a group of Wagnerian
compositions. The fallowing will he the
program presented:
Overture, "Romeo and Juliet" (Tschai
kowsky) ; "Birthday of the Infants"
(Franz Schrekcr); Overture, "Wotan's
Farewell and Fire Music" (Wagner);
Prelude and Love-Death from "Tristan"
(Wagner); Overture, "Rienzi" (\Vag
nCr).
Bruno Walter, the internationally fa
mous symphony conductor, will direct
next Sunday's concert in the Woodland
Theatre at Hillsborough. Sunday's pro
gram will feature a group of Wagnerian
compositions. The fallowing will he the
program presented:
Overture, "Romeo and Juliet" (Tschai
kowsky) ; "Birthday of the Infants"
(Franz Schrekcr); Overture, "Wotan's
Farewell and Fire Music" (Wagner);
Prelude and Love-Death from "Tristan"
(Wagner); Overture, "Rienzi" (\Vag
nCr).
Bruno Walter, the internationally fa
mous symphony conductor, will direct
next Sunday's concert in the Woodland
Theatre at Hillsborough. Sunday's pro
gram will feature a group of Wagnerian
compositions. The fallowing will he the
program presented:
Overture, "Romeo and Juliet" (Tschai
kowsky) ; "Birthday of the Infants"
(Franz Schrekcr); Overture, "Wotan's
Farewell and Fire Music" (Wagner);
Prelude and Love-Death from "Tristan"
(Wagner); Overture, "Rienzi" (\Vag
nCr).
Bruno Walter, the internationally fa
mous symphony conductor, will direct
next Sunday's concert in the Woodland
Theatre at Hillsborough. Sunday's pro
gram will feature a group of Wagnerian
compositions. The fallowing will he the
program presented:
Overture, "Romeo and Juliet" (Tschai
kowsky) ; "Birthday of the Infants"
(Franz Schrekcr); Overture, "Wotan's
Farewell and Fire Music" (Wagner);
Prelude and Love-Death from "Tristan"
(Wagner); Overture, "Rienzi" (\Vag
nCr).
Bruno Walter, the internationally fa
mous symphony conductor, will direct
next Sunday's concert in the Woodland
Theatre at Hillsborough. Sunday's pro
gram will feature a group of Wagnerian
compositions. The fallowing will he the
program presented:
Overture, "Romeo and Juliet" (Tschai
kowsky) ; "Birthday of the Infants"
(Franz Schrekcr); Overture, "Wotan's
Farewell and Fire Music" (Wagner);
Prelude and Love-Death from "Tristan"
(Wagner); Overture, "Rienzi" (\Vag
nCr).
Bruno Walter, the internationally fa
mous symphony conductor, will direct
next Sunday's concert in the Woodland
Theatre at Hillsborough. Sunday's pro
gram will feature a group of Wagnerian
compositions. The fallowing will he the
program presented:
Overture, "Romeo and Juliet" (Tschai
kowsky) ; "Birthday of the Infants"
(Franz Schrekcr); Overture, "Wotan's
Farewell and Fire Music" (Wagner);
Prelude and Love-Death from "Tristan"
(Wagner); Overture, "Rienzi" (\Vag
nCr).
Bruno Walter, the internationally fa
mous symphony conductor, will direct
next Sunday's concert in the Woodland
Theatre at Hillsborough. Sunday's pro
gram will feature a group of Wagnerian
compositions. The fallowing will he the
program presented:
Overture, "Romeo and Juliet" (Tschai
kowsky) ; "Birthday of the Infants"
(Franz Schrekcr); Overture, "Wotan's
Farewell and Fire Music" (Wagner);
Prelude and Love-Death from "Tristan"
(Wagner); Overture, "Rienzi" (\Vag
nCr).
