# R.A. Applications Due by Sunday
## 
### 
Applications for University resi
dence and fraternity Resident As
sistant positions will be available
until this Sunday. Applicants ave
requested to sign up at tlie office
of the Counselor for Men, Room
101-CJ, Inner Quad
Interviews vi'ill be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be announced
about May 15. It is requested that
all applications and interviews be
completed by tliat date.
Applications for University resi
dence and fraternity Resident As
sistant positions will be available
until this Sunday. Applicants ave
requested to sign up at tlie office
of the Counselor for Men, Room
101-CJ, Inner Quad
Interviews vi'ill be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be announced
about May 15. It is requested that
all applications and interviews be
completed by tliat date.
Applications for University resi
dence and fraternity Resident As
sistant positions will be available
until this Sunday. Applicants ave
requested to sign up at tlie office
of the Counselor for Men, Room
101-CJ, Inner Quad
Interviews vi'ill be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be announced
about May 15. It is requested that
all applications and interviews be
completed by tliat date.
Applications for University resi
dence and fraternity Resident As
sistant positions will be available
until this Sunday. Applicants ave
requested to sign up at tlie office
of the Counselor for Men, Room
101-CJ, Inner Quad
Interviews vi'ill be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be announced
about May 15. It is requested that
all applications and interviews be
completed by tliat date.
Applications for University resi
dence and fraternity Resident As
sistant positions will be available
until this Sunday. Applicants ave
requested to sign up at tlie office
of the Counselor for Men, Room
101-CJ, Inner Quad
Interviews vi'ill be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be announced
about May 15. It is requested that
all applications and interviews be
completed by tliat date.
Applications for University resi
dence and fraternity Resident As
sistant positions will be available
until this Sunday. Applicants ave
requested to sign up at tlie office
of the Counselor for Men, Room
101-CJ, Inner Quad
Interviews vi'ill be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be announced
about May 15. It is requested that
all applications and interviews be
completed by tliat date.
Applications for University resi
dence and fraternity Resident As
sistant positions will be available
until this Sunday. Applicants ave
requested to sign up at tlie office
of the Counselor for Men, Room
101-CJ, Inner Quad
Interviews vi'ill be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be announced
about May 15. It is requested that
all applications and interviews be
completed by tliat date.
Applications for University resi
dence and fraternity Resident As
sistant positions will be available
until this Sunday. Applicants ave
requested to sign up at tlie office
of the Counselor for Men, Room
101-CJ, Inner Quad
Interviews vi'ill be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be announced
about May 15. It is requested that
all applications and interviews be
completed by tliat date.
Applications for University resi
dence and fraternity Resident As
sistant positions will be available
until this Sunday. Applicants ave
requested to sign up at tlie office
of the Counselor for Men, Room
101-CJ, Inner Quad
Interviews vi'ill be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be announced
about May 15. It is requested that
all applications and interviews be
completed by tliat date.
Applications for University resi
dence and fraternity Resident As
sistant positions will be available
until this Sunday. Applicants ave
requested to sign up at tlie office
of the Counselor for Men, Room
101-CJ, Inner Quad
Interviews vi'ill be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be announced
about May 15. It is requested that
all applications and interviews be
completed by tliat date.
Applications for University resi
dence and fraternity Resident As
sistant positions will be available
until this Sunday. Applicants ave
requested to sign up at tlie office
of the Counselor for Men, Room
101-CJ, Inner Quad
Interviews vi'ill be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be announced
about May 15. It is requested that
all applications and interviews be
completed by tliat date.
Applications for University resi
dence and fraternity Resident As
sistant positions will be available
until this Sunday. Applicants ave
requested to sign up at tlie office
of the Counselor for Men, Room
101-CJ, Inner Quad
Interviews vi'ill be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be announced
about May 15. It is requested that
all applications and interviews be
completed by tliat date.
Applications for University resi
dence and fraternity Resident As
sistant positions will be available
until this Sunday. Applicants ave
requested to sign up at tlie office
of the Counselor for Men, Room
101-CJ, Inner Quad
Interviews vi'ill be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be announced
about May 15. It is requested that
all applications and interviews be
completed by tliat date.
Applications for University resi
dence and fraternity Resident As
sistant positions will be available
until this Sunday. Applicants ave
requested to sign up at tlie office
of the Counselor for Men, Room
101-CJ, Inner Quad
Interviews vi'ill be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be announced
about May 15. It is requested that
all applications and interviews be
completed by tliat date.
Applications for University resi
dence and fraternity Resident As
sistant positions will be available
until this Sunday. Applicants ave
requested to sign up at tlie office
of the Counselor for Men, Room
101-CJ, Inner Quad
Interviews vi'ill be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be announced
about May 15. It is requested that
all applications and interviews be
completed by tliat date.
