# Adv. 4 Page 5
## 
### 
Think you can write smarter and
funnier things than what you've read
on these two pages?
Then write to us.
E-mail opinions@daily.stanford.edu.
I
Think you can write smarter and
funnier things than what you've read
on these two pages?
Then write to us.
E-mail opinions@daily.stanford.edu.
I
Think you can write smarter and
funnier things than what you've read
on these two pages?
Then write to us.
E-mail opinions@daily.stanford.edu.
I
Think you can write smarter and
funnier things than what you've read
on these two pages?
Then write to us.
E-mail opinions@daily.stanford.edu.
I
Think you can write smarter and
funnier things than what you've read
on these two pages?
Then write to us.
E-mail opinions@daily.stanford.edu.
I
Think you can write smarter and
funnier things than what you've read
on these two pages?
Then write to us.
E-mail opinions@daily.stanford.edu.
I
Think you can write smarter and
funnier things than what you've read
on these two pages?
Then write to us.
E-mail opinions@daily.stanford.edu.
I
