# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—Dr. John lv. Adams, former
president of Wisconsin, has given
his library to that University.
—Dr. John lv. Adams, former
president of Wisconsin, has given
his library to that University.
—Dr. John lv. Adams, former
president of Wisconsin, has given
his library to that University.
—Dr. John lv. Adams, former
president of Wisconsin, has given
his library to that University.
—Dr. John lv. Adams, former
president of Wisconsin, has given
his library to that University.
—Dr. John lv. Adams, former
president of Wisconsin, has given
his library to that University.
—Dr. John lv. Adams, former
president of Wisconsin, has given
his library to that University.
—Dr. John lv. Adams, former
president of Wisconsin, has given
his library to that University.
