# ORR TO LECTURE ON EDUCATION IN RUSSIA
## 
### 
Heralded as an event of unusual
interest, a talk on "Education in
Russia" by Paul Orr, '25, will be
the feature of the regular monthly
meeting of the Stanford Christian
Association tonight at 7 o'clock in
the Association room of the Stan
ford Union.
Previous to this, a dinner will be
given by the Association for Orr and
his wife, and those who desire to
attend are urged to make their
reservations at (he office of the or
ganization promptly.
Heralded as an event of unusual
interest, a talk on "Education in
Russia" by Paul Orr, '25, will be
the feature of the regular monthly
meeting of the Stanford Christian
Association tonight at 7 o'clock in
the Association room of the Stan
ford Union.
Previous to this, a dinner will be
given by the Association for Orr and
his wife, and those who desire to
attend are urged to make their
reservations at (he office of the or
ganization promptly.
Heralded as an event of unusual
interest, a talk on "Education in
Russia" by Paul Orr, '25, will be
the feature of the regular monthly
meeting of the Stanford Christian
Association tonight at 7 o'clock in
the Association room of the Stan
ford Union.
Previous to this, a dinner will be
given by the Association for Orr and
his wife, and those who desire to
attend are urged to make their
reservations at (he office of the or
ganization promptly.
Heralded as an event of unusual
interest, a talk on "Education in
Russia" by Paul Orr, '25, will be
the feature of the regular monthly
meeting of the Stanford Christian
Association tonight at 7 o'clock in
the Association room of the Stan
ford Union.
Previous to this, a dinner will be
given by the Association for Orr and
his wife, and those who desire to
attend are urged to make their
reservations at (he office of the or
ganization promptly.
Heralded as an event of unusual
interest, a talk on "Education in
Russia" by Paul Orr, '25, will be
the feature of the regular monthly
meeting of the Stanford Christian
Association tonight at 7 o'clock in
the Association room of the Stan
ford Union.
Previous to this, a dinner will be
given by the Association for Orr and
his wife, and those who desire to
attend are urged to make their
reservations at (he office of the or
ganization promptly.
Heralded as an event of unusual
interest, a talk on "Education in
Russia" by Paul Orr, '25, will be
the feature of the regular monthly
meeting of the Stanford Christian
Association tonight at 7 o'clock in
the Association room of the Stan
ford Union.
Previous to this, a dinner will be
given by the Association for Orr and
his wife, and those who desire to
attend are urged to make their
reservations at (he office of the or
ganization promptly.
Heralded as an event of unusual
interest, a talk on "Education in
Russia" by Paul Orr, '25, will be
the feature of the regular monthly
meeting of the Stanford Christian
Association tonight at 7 o'clock in
the Association room of the Stan
ford Union.
Previous to this, a dinner will be
given by the Association for Orr and
his wife, and those who desire to
attend are urged to make their
reservations at (he office of the or
ganization promptly.
Heralded as an event of unusual
interest, a talk on "Education in
Russia" by Paul Orr, '25, will be
the feature of the regular monthly
meeting of the Stanford Christian
Association tonight at 7 o'clock in
the Association room of the Stan
ford Union.
Previous to this, a dinner will be
given by the Association for Orr and
his wife, and those who desire to
attend are urged to make their
reservations at (he office of the or
ganization promptly.
Heralded as an event of unusual
interest, a talk on "Education in
Russia" by Paul Orr, '25, will be
the feature of the regular monthly
meeting of the Stanford Christian
Association tonight at 7 o'clock in
the Association room of the Stan
ford Union.
Previous to this, a dinner will be
given by the Association for Orr and
his wife, and those who desire to
attend are urged to make their
reservations at (he office of the or
ganization promptly.
Heralded as an event of unusual
interest, a talk on "Education in
Russia" by Paul Orr, '25, will be
the feature of the regular monthly
meeting of the Stanford Christian
Association tonight at 7 o'clock in
the Association room of the Stan
ford Union.
Previous to this, a dinner will be
given by the Association for Orr and
his wife, and those who desire to
attend are urged to make their
reservations at (he office of the or
ganization promptly.
Heralded as an event of unusual
interest, a talk on "Education in
Russia" by Paul Orr, '25, will be
the feature of the regular monthly
meeting of the Stanford Christian
Association tonight at 7 o'clock in
the Association room of the Stan
ford Union.
Previous to this, a dinner will be
given by the Association for Orr and
his wife, and those who desire to
attend are urged to make their
reservations at (he office of the or
ganization promptly.
Heralded as an event of unusual
interest, a talk on "Education in
Russia" by Paul Orr, '25, will be
the feature of the regular monthly
meeting of the Stanford Christian
Association tonight at 7 o'clock in
the Association room of the Stan
ford Union.
Previous to this, a dinner will be
given by the Association for Orr and
his wife, and those who desire to
attend are urged to make their
reservations at (he office of the or
ganization promptly.
Heralded as an event of unusual
interest, a talk on "Education in
Russia" by Paul Orr, '25, will be
the feature of the regular monthly
meeting of the Stanford Christian
Association tonight at 7 o'clock in
the Association room of the Stan
ford Union.
Previous to this, a dinner will be
given by the Association for Orr and
his wife, and those who desire to
attend are urged to make their
reservations at (he office of the or
ganization promptly.
Heralded as an event of unusual
interest, a talk on "Education in
Russia" by Paul Orr, '25, will be
the feature of the regular monthly
meeting of the Stanford Christian
Association tonight at 7 o'clock in
the Association room of the Stan
ford Union.
Previous to this, a dinner will be
given by the Association for Orr and
his wife, and those who desire to
attend are urged to make their
reservations at (he office of the or
ganization promptly.
Heralded as an event of unusual
interest, a talk on "Education in
Russia" by Paul Orr, '25, will be
the feature of the regular monthly
meeting of the Stanford Christian
Association tonight at 7 o'clock in
the Association room of the Stan
ford Union.
Previous to this, a dinner will be
given by the Association for Orr and
his wife, and those who desire to
attend are urged to make their
reservations at (he office of the or
ganization promptly.
