# WORK NEARS END ON PILLAR FOUNDATIONS
## 
### 
Workmen finished pouring Ihe
concrete for the left-hand pillar
foundations of the new Palm Drive
gateway yesterday while carpenters
completed the wooden forms for the
foundations of the other pillar.
Since concrete-pouring is a pro
cess which must be done in one
uninterrupted period, the founda
tions for both pillars should be com
pleted by tomorrow. The laborers
were working at top speed yester
day, an indication that the job may
be completed well within the sched
uled time.
Workmen finished pouring Ihe
concrete for the left-hand pillar
foundations of the new Palm Drive
gateway yesterday while carpenters
completed the wooden forms for the
foundations of the other pillar.
Since concrete-pouring is a pro
cess which must be done in one
uninterrupted period, the founda
tions for both pillars should be com
pleted by tomorrow. The laborers
were working at top speed yester
day, an indication that the job may
be completed well within the sched
uled time.
Workmen finished pouring Ihe
concrete for the left-hand pillar
foundations of the new Palm Drive
gateway yesterday while carpenters
completed the wooden forms for the
foundations of the other pillar.
Since concrete-pouring is a pro
cess which must be done in one
uninterrupted period, the founda
tions for both pillars should be com
pleted by tomorrow. The laborers
were working at top speed yester
day, an indication that the job may
be completed well within the sched
uled time.
Workmen finished pouring Ihe
concrete for the left-hand pillar
foundations of the new Palm Drive
gateway yesterday while carpenters
completed the wooden forms for the
foundations of the other pillar.
Since concrete-pouring is a pro
cess which must be done in one
uninterrupted period, the founda
tions for both pillars should be com
pleted by tomorrow. The laborers
were working at top speed yester
day, an indication that the job may
be completed well within the sched
uled time.
Workmen finished pouring Ihe
concrete for the left-hand pillar
foundations of the new Palm Drive
gateway yesterday while carpenters
completed the wooden forms for the
foundations of the other pillar.
Since concrete-pouring is a pro
cess which must be done in one
uninterrupted period, the founda
tions for both pillars should be com
pleted by tomorrow. The laborers
were working at top speed yester
day, an indication that the job may
be completed well within the sched
uled time.
Workmen finished pouring Ihe
concrete for the left-hand pillar
foundations of the new Palm Drive
gateway yesterday while carpenters
completed the wooden forms for the
foundations of the other pillar.
Since concrete-pouring is a pro
cess which must be done in one
uninterrupted period, the founda
tions for both pillars should be com
pleted by tomorrow. The laborers
were working at top speed yester
day, an indication that the job may
be completed well within the sched
uled time.
Workmen finished pouring Ihe
concrete for the left-hand pillar
foundations of the new Palm Drive
gateway yesterday while carpenters
completed the wooden forms for the
foundations of the other pillar.
Since concrete-pouring is a pro
cess which must be done in one
uninterrupted period, the founda
tions for both pillars should be com
pleted by tomorrow. The laborers
were working at top speed yester
day, an indication that the job may
be completed well within the sched
uled time.
Workmen finished pouring Ihe
concrete for the left-hand pillar
foundations of the new Palm Drive
gateway yesterday while carpenters
completed the wooden forms for the
foundations of the other pillar.
Since concrete-pouring is a pro
cess which must be done in one
uninterrupted period, the founda
tions for both pillars should be com
pleted by tomorrow. The laborers
were working at top speed yester
day, an indication that the job may
be completed well within the sched
uled time.
Workmen finished pouring Ihe
concrete for the left-hand pillar
foundations of the new Palm Drive
gateway yesterday while carpenters
completed the wooden forms for the
foundations of the other pillar.
Since concrete-pouring is a pro
cess which must be done in one
uninterrupted period, the founda
tions for both pillars should be com
pleted by tomorrow. The laborers
were working at top speed yester
day, an indication that the job may
be completed well within the sched
uled time.
Workmen finished pouring Ihe
concrete for the left-hand pillar
foundations of the new Palm Drive
gateway yesterday while carpenters
completed the wooden forms for the
foundations of the other pillar.
Since concrete-pouring is a pro
cess which must be done in one
uninterrupted period, the founda
tions for both pillars should be com
pleted by tomorrow. The laborers
were working at top speed yester
day, an indication that the job may
be completed well within the sched
uled time.
Workmen finished pouring Ihe
concrete for the left-hand pillar
foundations of the new Palm Drive
gateway yesterday while carpenters
completed the wooden forms for the
foundations of the other pillar.
Since concrete-pouring is a pro
cess which must be done in one
uninterrupted period, the founda
tions for both pillars should be com
pleted by tomorrow. The laborers
were working at top speed yester
day, an indication that the job may
be completed well within the sched
uled time.
Workmen finished pouring Ihe
concrete for the left-hand pillar
foundations of the new Palm Drive
gateway yesterday while carpenters
completed the wooden forms for the
foundations of the other pillar.
Since concrete-pouring is a pro
cess which must be done in one
uninterrupted period, the founda
tions for both pillars should be com
pleted by tomorrow. The laborers
were working at top speed yester
day, an indication that the job may
be completed well within the sched
uled time.
Workmen finished pouring Ihe
concrete for the left-hand pillar
foundations of the new Palm Drive
gateway yesterday while carpenters
completed the wooden forms for the
foundations of the other pillar.
Since concrete-pouring is a pro
cess which must be done in one
uninterrupted period, the founda
tions for both pillars should be com
pleted by tomorrow. The laborers
were working at top speed yester
day, an indication that the job may
be completed well within the sched
uled time.
Workmen finished pouring Ihe
concrete for the left-hand pillar
foundations of the new Palm Drive
gateway yesterday while carpenters
completed the wooden forms for the
foundations of the other pillar.
Since concrete-pouring is a pro
cess which must be done in one
uninterrupted period, the founda
tions for both pillars should be com
pleted by tomorrow. The laborers
were working at top speed yester
day, an indication that the job may
be completed well within the sched
uled time.
Workmen finished pouring Ihe
concrete for the left-hand pillar
foundations of the new Palm Drive
gateway yesterday while carpenters
completed the wooden forms for the
foundations of the other pillar.
Since concrete-pouring is a pro
cess which must be done in one
uninterrupted period, the founda
tions for both pillars should be com
pleted by tomorrow. The laborers
were working at top speed yester
day, an indication that the job may
be completed well within the sched
uled time.
