# SLIDE, PEPPER, SLIDE! HERE'S HOW HE DOES IT
## 
### 

Pepper Martin, whose base-stealing and hitting made baseball history in the 1931 world series, shows
the rookies how to make a spectacular steal of third base in the St. Louis Cardinals' training camp at
Bradenton, Fla. (Associated Press Photo)

Pepper Martin, whose base-stealing and hitting made baseball history in the 1931 world series, shows
the rookies how to make a spectacular steal of third base in the St. Louis Cardinals' training camp at
Bradenton, Fla. (Associated Press Photo)

Pepper Martin, whose base-stealing and hitting made baseball history in the 1931 world series, shows
the rookies how to make a spectacular steal of third base in the St. Louis Cardinals' training camp at
Bradenton, Fla. (Associated Press Photo)

Pepper Martin, whose base-stealing and hitting made baseball history in the 1931 world series, shows
the rookies how to make a spectacular steal of third base in the St. Louis Cardinals' training camp at
Bradenton, Fla. (Associated Press Photo)

Pepper Martin, whose base-stealing and hitting made baseball history in the 1931 world series, shows
the rookies how to make a spectacular steal of third base in the St. Louis Cardinals' training camp at
Bradenton, Fla. (Associated Press Photo)

Pepper Martin, whose base-stealing and hitting made baseball history in the 1931 world series, shows
the rookies how to make a spectacular steal of third base in the St. Louis Cardinals' training camp at
Bradenton, Fla. (Associated Press Photo)

Pepper Martin, whose base-stealing and hitting made baseball history in the 1931 world series, shows
the rookies how to make a spectacular steal of third base in the St. Louis Cardinals' training camp at
Bradenton, Fla. (Associated Press Photo)

Pepper Martin, whose base-stealing and hitting made baseball history in the 1931 world series, shows
the rookies how to make a spectacular steal of third base in the St. Louis Cardinals' training camp at
Bradenton, Fla. (Associated Press Photo)

Pepper Martin, whose base-stealing and hitting made baseball history in the 1931 world series, shows
the rookies how to make a spectacular steal of third base in the St. Louis Cardinals' training camp at
Bradenton, Fla. (Associated Press Photo)

Pepper Martin, whose base-stealing and hitting made baseball history in the 1931 world series, shows
the rookies how to make a spectacular steal of third base in the St. Louis Cardinals' training camp at
Bradenton, Fla. (Associated Press Photo)

Pepper Martin, whose base-stealing and hitting made baseball history in the 1931 world series, shows
the rookies how to make a spectacular steal of third base in the St. Louis Cardinals' training camp at
Bradenton, Fla. (Associated Press Photo)

Pepper Martin, whose base-stealing and hitting made baseball history in the 1931 world series, shows
the rookies how to make a spectacular steal of third base in the St. Louis Cardinals' training camp at
Bradenton, Fla. (Associated Press Photo)

Pepper Martin, whose base-stealing and hitting made baseball history in the 1931 world series, shows
the rookies how to make a spectacular steal of third base in the St. Louis Cardinals' training camp at
Bradenton, Fla. (Associated Press Photo)

Pepper Martin, whose base-stealing and hitting made baseball history in the 1931 world series, shows
the rookies how to make a spectacular steal of third base in the St. Louis Cardinals' training camp at
Bradenton, Fla. (Associated Press Photo)

Pepper Martin, whose base-stealing and hitting made baseball history in the 1931 world series, shows
the rookies how to make a spectacular steal of third base in the St. Louis Cardinals' training camp at
Bradenton, Fla. (Associated Press Photo)
