# HALLOWE'EN NIGHT'S FESTIVITIES PLANNED FOR CAMPUS GAIETY
## 
### 
Hallowe'en will be officially
celebrated tonight.
While fraternity lads and sor
ority lassies were making plans
to fete the coming of All Saints'
Day at the Chi Omega house 7
to 8 dance, other students were
formulating ideas for their own
fun.
In just what manner the cele
brations will take place was not
learned last night, but campus
authorities believed that this
year's Hallowe'en would be com
paratively quiet. Last year the
street car furnished the princi
pal means of amusement for the
students and $5,000 damage was
incurred when the trolley pole
short-circuited a telephone cable.
Tomorrow will tell the tale of
tonight's festivities.
