# Sophs Still Eligible For Track Manager Tryouts
## 
### 
There is still chance for sophomores to
try out for track manager if they start
in at once. Those trying out must report
at the field three times a week for which
they will receive gym credit. Those try
ing out at this time will not be at a dis
advantage, but will have the same chance
as those who started at the first of the
year.
There is still chance for sophomores to
try out for track manager if they start
in at once. Those trying out must report
at the field three times a week for which
they will receive gym credit. Those try
ing out at this time will not be at a dis
advantage, but will have the same chance
as those who started at the first of the
year.
There is still chance for sophomores to
try out for track manager if they start
in at once. Those trying out must report
at the field three times a week for which
they will receive gym credit. Those try
ing out at this time will not be at a dis
advantage, but will have the same chance
as those who started at the first of the
year.
There is still chance for sophomores to
try out for track manager if they start
in at once. Those trying out must report
at the field three times a week for which
they will receive gym credit. Those try
ing out at this time will not be at a dis
advantage, but will have the same chance
as those who started at the first of the
year.
There is still chance for sophomores to
try out for track manager if they start
in at once. Those trying out must report
at the field three times a week for which
they will receive gym credit. Those try
ing out at this time will not be at a dis
advantage, but will have the same chance
as those who started at the first of the
year.
There is still chance for sophomores to
try out for track manager if they start
in at once. Those trying out must report
at the field three times a week for which
they will receive gym credit. Those try
ing out at this time will not be at a dis
advantage, but will have the same chance
as those who started at the first of the
year.
There is still chance for sophomores to
try out for track manager if they start
in at once. Those trying out must report
at the field three times a week for which
they will receive gym credit. Those try
ing out at this time will not be at a dis
advantage, but will have the same chance
as those who started at the first of the
year.
There is still chance for sophomores to
try out for track manager if they start
in at once. Those trying out must report
at the field three times a week for which
they will receive gym credit. Those try
ing out at this time will not be at a dis
advantage, but will have the same chance
as those who started at the first of the
year.
There is still chance for sophomores to
try out for track manager if they start
in at once. Those trying out must report
at the field three times a week for which
they will receive gym credit. Those try
ing out at this time will not be at a dis
advantage, but will have the same chance
as those who started at the first of the
year.
There is still chance for sophomores to
try out for track manager if they start
in at once. Those trying out must report
at the field three times a week for which
they will receive gym credit. Those try
ing out at this time will not be at a dis
advantage, but will have the same chance
as those who started at the first of the
year.
There is still chance for sophomores to
try out for track manager if they start
in at once. Those trying out must report
at the field three times a week for which
they will receive gym credit. Those try
ing out at this time will not be at a dis
advantage, but will have the same chance
as those who started at the first of the
year.
There is still chance for sophomores to
try out for track manager if they start
in at once. Those trying out must report
at the field three times a week for which
they will receive gym credit. Those try
ing out at this time will not be at a dis
advantage, but will have the same chance
as those who started at the first of the
year.
There is still chance for sophomores to
try out for track manager if they start
in at once. Those trying out must report
at the field three times a week for which
they will receive gym credit. Those try
ing out at this time will not be at a dis
advantage, but will have the same chance
as those who started at the first of the
year.
There is still chance for sophomores to
try out for track manager if they start
in at once. Those trying out must report
at the field three times a week for which
they will receive gym credit. Those try
ing out at this time will not be at a dis
advantage, but will have the same chance
as those who started at the first of the
year.
There is still chance for sophomores to
try out for track manager if they start
in at once. Those trying out must report
at the field three times a week for which
they will receive gym credit. Those try
ing out at this time will not be at a dis
advantage, but will have the same chance
as those who started at the first of the
year.
There is still chance for sophomores to
try out for track manager if they start
in at once. Those trying out must report
at the field three times a week for which
they will receive gym credit. Those try
ing out at this time will not be at a dis
advantage, but will have the same chance
as those who started at the first of the
year.
There is still chance for sophomores to
try out for track manager if they start
in at once. Those trying out must report
at the field three times a week for which
they will receive gym credit. Those try
ing out at this time will not be at a dis
advantage, but will have the same chance
as those who started at the first of the
year.
