# FRATERNITY BURNS
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 30. (/P)—Fire
destroyed the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity house on the University of
Southern California campus and dam
aged two others.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 30. (/P)—Fire
destroyed the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity house on the University of
Southern California campus and dam
aged two others.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 30. (/P)—Fire
destroyed the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity house on the University of
Southern California campus and dam
aged two others.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 30. (/P)—Fire
destroyed the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity house on the University of
Southern California campus and dam
aged two others.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 30. (/P)—Fire
destroyed the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity house on the University of
Southern California campus and dam
aged two others.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 30. (/P)—Fire
destroyed the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity house on the University of
Southern California campus and dam
aged two others.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 30. (/P)—Fire
destroyed the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity house on the University of
Southern California campus and dam
aged two others.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 30. (/P)—Fire
destroyed the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity house on the University of
Southern California campus and dam
aged two others.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 30. (/P)—Fire
destroyed the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity house on the University of
Southern California campus and dam
aged two others.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 30. (/P)—Fire
destroyed the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity house on the University of
Southern California campus and dam
aged two others.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 30. (/P)—Fire
destroyed the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity house on the University of
Southern California campus and dam
aged two others.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 30. (/P)—Fire
destroyed the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity house on the University of
Southern California campus and dam
aged two others.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 30. (/P)—Fire
destroyed the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity house on the University of
Southern California campus and dam
aged two others.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 30. (/P)—Fire
destroyed the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity house on the University of
Southern California campus and dam
aged two others.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 30. (/P)—Fire
destroyed the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity house on the University of
Southern California campus and dam
aged two others.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 30. (/P)—Fire
destroyed the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity house on the University of
Southern California campus and dam
aged two others.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 30. (/P)—Fire
destroyed the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity house on the University of
Southern California campus and dam
aged two others.
