# LILY-WHITE ROOTING SECTIONS
## 
### 
The Editor, Dear Sir:
Honest, I don't think I shall ever
dare to go to a football game again.
The fellows are getting so rough.
They jump up and down, throw paper,
and above all things, they use the
nastiest words. Goodness Mercy! It's
simply exasperating! They are so ut
terly plebean in their conduct and so
frightfully rude in their behavior. We
have such a nice place here at Stan
ford, we should not permit these
roughies and hoodlums to mar it.

If "Campus Opinion" can't print
something more worthwhile than this
sort of Pink-tea Article that it has
been running in the past few issues,
it is recommended that the column be
discontinued. If the Junior College
transfers and the '31 law students
can't find better subjects to attack
than the rah-rah spirit and the pro
fanity in the Stadium, they should
remain home and study on Saturday
afternoon. Perhaps we must all be
converted to pansies. —'31.
The Editor, Dear Sir:
Honest, I don't think I shall ever
dare to go to a football game again.
The fellows are getting so rough.
They jump up and down, throw paper,
and above all things, they use the
nastiest words. Goodness Mercy! It's
simply exasperating! They are so ut
terly plebean in their conduct and so
frightfully rude in their behavior. We
have such a nice place here at Stan
ford, we should not permit these
roughies and hoodlums to mar it.

If "Campus Opinion" can't print
something more worthwhile than this
sort of Pink-tea Article that it has
been running in the past few issues,
it is recommended that the column be
discontinued. If the Junior College
transfers and the '31 law students
can't find better subjects to attack
than the rah-rah spirit and the pro
fanity in the Stadium, they should
remain home and study on Saturday
afternoon. Perhaps we must all be
converted to pansies. —'31.
The Editor, Dear Sir:
Honest, I don't think I shall ever
dare to go to a football game again.
The fellows are getting so rough.
They jump up and down, throw paper,
and above all things, they use the
nastiest words. Goodness Mercy! It's
simply exasperating! They are so ut
terly plebean in their conduct and so
frightfully rude in their behavior. We
have such a nice place here at Stan
ford, we should not permit these
roughies and hoodlums to mar it.

If "Campus Opinion" can't print
something more worthwhile than this
sort of Pink-tea Article that it has
been running in the past few issues,
it is recommended that the column be
discontinued. If the Junior College
transfers and the '31 law students
can't find better subjects to attack
than the rah-rah spirit and the pro
fanity in the Stadium, they should
remain home and study on Saturday
afternoon. Perhaps we must all be
converted to pansies. —'31.
The Editor, Dear Sir:
Honest, I don't think I shall ever
dare to go to a football game again.
The fellows are getting so rough.
They jump up and down, throw paper,
and above all things, they use the
nastiest words. Goodness Mercy! It's
simply exasperating! They are so ut
terly plebean in their conduct and so
frightfully rude in their behavior. We
have such a nice place here at Stan
ford, we should not permit these
roughies and hoodlums to mar it.

If "Campus Opinion" can't print
something more worthwhile than this
sort of Pink-tea Article that it has
been running in the past few issues,
it is recommended that the column be
discontinued. If the Junior College
transfers and the '31 law students
can't find better subjects to attack
than the rah-rah spirit and the pro
fanity in the Stadium, they should
remain home and study on Saturday
afternoon. Perhaps we must all be
converted to pansies. —'31.
The Editor, Dear Sir:
Honest, I don't think I shall ever
dare to go to a football game again.
The fellows are getting so rough.
They jump up and down, throw paper,
and above all things, they use the
nastiest words. Goodness Mercy! It's
simply exasperating! They are so ut
terly plebean in their conduct and so
frightfully rude in their behavior. We
have such a nice place here at Stan
ford, we should not permit these
roughies and hoodlums to mar it.

If "Campus Opinion" can't print
something more worthwhile than this
sort of Pink-tea Article that it has
been running in the past few issues,
it is recommended that the column be
discontinued. If the Junior College
transfers and the '31 law students
can't find better subjects to attack
than the rah-rah spirit and the pro
fanity in the Stadium, they should
remain home and study on Saturday
afternoon. Perhaps we must all be
converted to pansies. —'31.
The Editor, Dear Sir:
Honest, I don't think I shall ever
dare to go to a football game again.
The fellows are getting so rough.
They jump up and down, throw paper,
and above all things, they use the
nastiest words. Goodness Mercy! It's
simply exasperating! They are so ut
terly plebean in their conduct and so
frightfully rude in their behavior. We
have such a nice place here at Stan
ford, we should not permit these
roughies and hoodlums to mar it.

If "Campus Opinion" can't print
something more worthwhile than this
sort of Pink-tea Article that it has
been running in the past few issues,
it is recommended that the column be
discontinued. If the Junior College
transfers and the '31 law students
can't find better subjects to attack
than the rah-rah spirit and the pro
fanity in the Stadium, they should
remain home and study on Saturday
afternoon. Perhaps we must all be
converted to pansies. —'31.
The Editor, Dear Sir:
Honest, I don't think I shall ever
dare to go to a football game again.
The fellows are getting so rough.
They jump up and down, throw paper,
and above all things, they use the
nastiest words. Goodness Mercy! It's
simply exasperating! They are so ut
terly plebean in their conduct and so
frightfully rude in their behavior. We
have such a nice place here at Stan
ford, we should not permit these
roughies and hoodlums to mar it.

If "Campus Opinion" can't print
something more worthwhile than this
sort of Pink-tea Article that it has
been running in the past few issues,
it is recommended that the column be
discontinued. If the Junior College
transfers and the '31 law students
can't find better subjects to attack
than the rah-rah spirit and the pro
fanity in the Stadium, they should
remain home and study on Saturday
afternoon. Perhaps we must all be
converted to pansies. —'31.
The Editor, Dear Sir:
Honest, I don't think I shall ever
dare to go to a football game again.
The fellows are getting so rough.
They jump up and down, throw paper,
and above all things, they use the
nastiest words. Goodness Mercy! It's
simply exasperating! They are so ut
terly plebean in their conduct and so
frightfully rude in their behavior. We
have such a nice place here at Stan
ford, we should not permit these
roughies and hoodlums to mar it.

If "Campus Opinion" can't print
something more worthwhile than this
sort of Pink-tea Article that it has
been running in the past few issues,
it is recommended that the column be
discontinued. If the Junior College
transfers and the '31 law students
can't find better subjects to attack
than the rah-rah spirit and the pro
fanity in the Stadium, they should
remain home and study on Saturday
afternoon. Perhaps we must all be
converted to pansies. —'31.
The Editor, Dear Sir:
Honest, I don't think I shall ever
dare to go to a football game again.
The fellows are getting so rough.
They jump up and down, throw paper,
and above all things, they use the
nastiest words. Goodness Mercy! It's
simply exasperating! They are so ut
terly plebean in their conduct and so
frightfully rude in their behavior. We
have such a nice place here at Stan
ford, we should not permit these
roughies and hoodlums to mar it.

If "Campus Opinion" can't print
something more worthwhile than this
sort of Pink-tea Article that it has
been running in the past few issues,
it is recommended that the column be
discontinued. If the Junior College
transfers and the '31 law students
can't find better subjects to attack
than the rah-rah spirit and the pro
fanity in the Stadium, they should
remain home and study on Saturday
afternoon. Perhaps we must all be
converted to pansies. —'31.
The Editor, Dear Sir:
Honest, I don't think I shall ever
dare to go to a football game again.
The fellows are getting so rough.
They jump up and down, throw paper,
and above all things, they use the
nastiest words. Goodness Mercy! It's
simply exasperating! They are so ut
terly plebean in their conduct and so
frightfully rude in their behavior. We
have such a nice place here at Stan
ford, we should not permit these
roughies and hoodlums to mar it.

If "Campus Opinion" can't print
something more worthwhile than this
sort of Pink-tea Article that it has
been running in the past few issues,
it is recommended that the column be
discontinued. If the Junior College
transfers and the '31 law students
can't find better subjects to attack
than the rah-rah spirit and the pro
fanity in the Stadium, they should
remain home and study on Saturday
afternoon. Perhaps we must all be
converted to pansies. —'31.
The Editor, Dear Sir:
Honest, I don't think I shall ever
dare to go to a football game again.
The fellows are getting so rough.
They jump up and down, throw paper,
and above all things, they use the
nastiest words. Goodness Mercy! It's
simply exasperating! They are so ut
terly plebean in their conduct and so
frightfully rude in their behavior. We
have such a nice place here at Stan
ford, we should not permit these
roughies and hoodlums to mar it.

If "Campus Opinion" can't print
something more worthwhile than this
sort of Pink-tea Article that it has
been running in the past few issues,
it is recommended that the column be
discontinued. If the Junior College
transfers and the '31 law students
can't find better subjects to attack
than the rah-rah spirit and the pro
fanity in the Stadium, they should
remain home and study on Saturday
afternoon. Perhaps we must all be
converted to pansies. —'31.
The Editor, Dear Sir:
Honest, I don't think I shall ever
dare to go to a football game again.
The fellows are getting so rough.
They jump up and down, throw paper,
and above all things, they use the
nastiest words. Goodness Mercy! It's
simply exasperating! They are so ut
terly plebean in their conduct and so
frightfully rude in their behavior. We
have such a nice place here at Stan
ford, we should not permit these
roughies and hoodlums to mar it.

If "Campus Opinion" can't print
something more worthwhile than this
sort of Pink-tea Article that it has
been running in the past few issues,
it is recommended that the column be
discontinued. If the Junior College
transfers and the '31 law students
can't find better subjects to attack
than the rah-rah spirit and the pro
fanity in the Stadium, they should
remain home and study on Saturday
afternoon. Perhaps we must all be
converted to pansies. —'31.
The Editor, Dear Sir:
Honest, I don't think I shall ever
dare to go to a football game again.
The fellows are getting so rough.
They jump up and down, throw paper,
and above all things, they use the
nastiest words. Goodness Mercy! It's
simply exasperating! They are so ut
terly plebean in their conduct and so
frightfully rude in their behavior. We
have such a nice place here at Stan
ford, we should not permit these
roughies and hoodlums to mar it.

If "Campus Opinion" can't print
something more worthwhile than this
sort of Pink-tea Article that it has
been running in the past few issues,
it is recommended that the column be
discontinued. If the Junior College
transfers and the '31 law students
can't find better subjects to attack
than the rah-rah spirit and the pro
fanity in the Stadium, they should
remain home and study on Saturday
afternoon. Perhaps we must all be
converted to pansies. —'31.
The Editor, Dear Sir:
Honest, I don't think I shall ever
dare to go to a football game again.
The fellows are getting so rough.
They jump up and down, throw paper,
and above all things, they use the
nastiest words. Goodness Mercy! It's
simply exasperating! They are so ut
terly plebean in their conduct and so
frightfully rude in their behavior. We
have such a nice place here at Stan
ford, we should not permit these
roughies and hoodlums to mar it.

If "Campus Opinion" can't print
something more worthwhile than this
sort of Pink-tea Article that it has
been running in the past few issues,
it is recommended that the column be
discontinued. If the Junior College
transfers and the '31 law students
can't find better subjects to attack
than the rah-rah spirit and the pro
fanity in the Stadium, they should
remain home and study on Saturday
afternoon. Perhaps we must all be
converted to pansies. —'31.
The Editor, Dear Sir:
Honest, I don't think I shall ever
dare to go to a football game again.
The fellows are getting so rough.
They jump up and down, throw paper,
and above all things, they use the
nastiest words. Goodness Mercy! It's
simply exasperating! They are so ut
terly plebean in their conduct and so
frightfully rude in their behavior. We
have such a nice place here at Stan
ford, we should not permit these
roughies and hoodlums to mar it.

If "Campus Opinion" can't print
something more worthwhile than this
sort of Pink-tea Article that it has
been running in the past few issues,
it is recommended that the column be
discontinued. If the Junior College
transfers and the '31 law students
can't find better subjects to attack
than the rah-rah spirit and the pro
fanity in the Stadium, they should
remain home and study on Saturday
afternoon. Perhaps we must all be
converted to pansies. —'31.
The Editor, Dear Sir:
Honest, I don't think I shall ever
dare to go to a football game again.
The fellows are getting so rough.
They jump up and down, throw paper,
and above all things, they use the
nastiest words. Goodness Mercy! It's
simply exasperating! They are so ut
terly plebean in their conduct and so
frightfully rude in their behavior. We
have such a nice place here at Stan
ford, we should not permit these
roughies and hoodlums to mar it.

If "Campus Opinion" can't print
something more worthwhile than this
sort of Pink-tea Article that it has
been running in the past few issues,
it is recommended that the column be
discontinued. If the Junior College
transfers and the '31 law students
can't find better subjects to attack
than the rah-rah spirit and the pro
fanity in the Stadium, they should
remain home and study on Saturday
afternoon. Perhaps we must all be
converted to pansies. —'31.
The Editor, Dear Sir:
Honest, I don't think I shall ever
dare to go to a football game again.
The fellows are getting so rough.
They jump up and down, throw paper,
and above all things, they use the
nastiest words. Goodness Mercy! It's
simply exasperating! They are so ut
terly plebean in their conduct and so
frightfully rude in their behavior. We
have such a nice place here at Stan
ford, we should not permit these
roughies and hoodlums to mar it.

If "Campus Opinion" can't print
something more worthwhile than this
sort of Pink-tea Article that it has
been running in the past few issues,
it is recommended that the column be
discontinued. If the Junior College
transfers and the '31 law students
can't find better subjects to attack
than the rah-rah spirit and the pro
fanity in the Stadium, they should
remain home and study on Saturday
afternoon. Perhaps we must all be
converted to pansies. —'31.
