# Cal Crew Set
## 
### 
POUGHKEEPSIE. N.Y., June 19
(UP). —Favored California and the
longshot Huskies of Washington, for
once finding themselves listed as
watered outsiders, were depending j
"on scuttlebutt alone" today for in- j
formation about their Eastern rivals |
as they prepared for Saturday's re
newal of the Poughkeepsie regatta, j
Both of the Western invaders, I
hopeful of topping the East's two
principal threats. Navy and Cornell,
reported their men in top shape for j
the three - mile grind down the j
broad sweep of the Hudson River as |
the classic is renewed for the first I
time since 1941.
POUGHKEEPSIE. N.Y., June 19
(UP). —Favored California and the
longshot Huskies of Washington, for
once finding themselves listed as
watered outsiders, were depending j
"on scuttlebutt alone" today for in- j
formation about their Eastern rivals |
as they prepared for Saturday's re
newal of the Poughkeepsie regatta, j
Both of the Western invaders, I
hopeful of topping the East's two
principal threats. Navy and Cornell,
reported their men in top shape for j
the three - mile grind down the j
broad sweep of the Hudson River as |
the classic is renewed for the first I
time since 1941.
POUGHKEEPSIE. N.Y., June 19
(UP). —Favored California and the
longshot Huskies of Washington, for
once finding themselves listed as
watered outsiders, were depending j
"on scuttlebutt alone" today for in- j
formation about their Eastern rivals |
as they prepared for Saturday's re
newal of the Poughkeepsie regatta, j
Both of the Western invaders, I
hopeful of topping the East's two
principal threats. Navy and Cornell,
reported their men in top shape for j
the three - mile grind down the j
broad sweep of the Hudson River as |
the classic is renewed for the first I
time since 1941.
POUGHKEEPSIE. N.Y., June 19
(UP). —Favored California and the
longshot Huskies of Washington, for
once finding themselves listed as
watered outsiders, were depending j
"on scuttlebutt alone" today for in- j
formation about their Eastern rivals |
as they prepared for Saturday's re
newal of the Poughkeepsie regatta, j
Both of the Western invaders, I
hopeful of topping the East's two
principal threats. Navy and Cornell,
reported their men in top shape for j
the three - mile grind down the j
broad sweep of the Hudson River as |
the classic is renewed for the first I
time since 1941.
POUGHKEEPSIE. N.Y., June 19
(UP). —Favored California and the
longshot Huskies of Washington, for
once finding themselves listed as
watered outsiders, were depending j
"on scuttlebutt alone" today for in- j
formation about their Eastern rivals |
as they prepared for Saturday's re
newal of the Poughkeepsie regatta, j
Both of the Western invaders, I
hopeful of topping the East's two
principal threats. Navy and Cornell,
reported their men in top shape for j
the three - mile grind down the j
broad sweep of the Hudson River as |
the classic is renewed for the first I
time since 1941.
POUGHKEEPSIE. N.Y., June 19
(UP). —Favored California and the
longshot Huskies of Washington, for
once finding themselves listed as
watered outsiders, were depending j
"on scuttlebutt alone" today for in- j
formation about their Eastern rivals |
as they prepared for Saturday's re
newal of the Poughkeepsie regatta, j
Both of the Western invaders, I
hopeful of topping the East's two
principal threats. Navy and Cornell,
reported their men in top shape for j
the three - mile grind down the j
broad sweep of the Hudson River as |
the classic is renewed for the first I
time since 1941.
POUGHKEEPSIE. N.Y., June 19
(UP). —Favored California and the
longshot Huskies of Washington, for
once finding themselves listed as
watered outsiders, were depending j
"on scuttlebutt alone" today for in- j
formation about their Eastern rivals |
as they prepared for Saturday's re
newal of the Poughkeepsie regatta, j
Both of the Western invaders, I
hopeful of topping the East's two
principal threats. Navy and Cornell,
reported their men in top shape for j
the three - mile grind down the j
broad sweep of the Hudson River as |
the classic is renewed for the first I
time since 1941.
POUGHKEEPSIE. N.Y., June 19
(UP). —Favored California and the
longshot Huskies of Washington, for
once finding themselves listed as
watered outsiders, were depending j
"on scuttlebutt alone" today for in- j
formation about their Eastern rivals |
as they prepared for Saturday's re
newal of the Poughkeepsie regatta, j
Both of the Western invaders, I
hopeful of topping the East's two
principal threats. Navy and Cornell,
reported their men in top shape for j
the three - mile grind down the j
broad sweep of the Hudson River as |
the classic is renewed for the first I
time since 1941.
POUGHKEEPSIE. N.Y., June 19
(UP). —Favored California and the
longshot Huskies of Washington, for
once finding themselves listed as
watered outsiders, were depending j
"on scuttlebutt alone" today for in- j
formation about their Eastern rivals |
as they prepared for Saturday's re
newal of the Poughkeepsie regatta, j
Both of the Western invaders, I
hopeful of topping the East's two
principal threats. Navy and Cornell,
reported their men in top shape for j
the three - mile grind down the j
broad sweep of the Hudson River as |
the classic is renewed for the first I
time since 1941.
POUGHKEEPSIE. N.Y., June 19
(UP). —Favored California and the
longshot Huskies of Washington, for
once finding themselves listed as
watered outsiders, were depending j
"on scuttlebutt alone" today for in- j
formation about their Eastern rivals |
as they prepared for Saturday's re
newal of the Poughkeepsie regatta, j
Both of the Western invaders, I
hopeful of topping the East's two
principal threats. Navy and Cornell,
reported their men in top shape for j
the three - mile grind down the j
broad sweep of the Hudson River as |
the classic is renewed for the first I
time since 1941.
POUGHKEEPSIE. N.Y., June 19
(UP). —Favored California and the
longshot Huskies of Washington, for
once finding themselves listed as
watered outsiders, were depending j
"on scuttlebutt alone" today for in- j
formation about their Eastern rivals |
as they prepared for Saturday's re
newal of the Poughkeepsie regatta, j
Both of the Western invaders, I
hopeful of topping the East's two
principal threats. Navy and Cornell,
reported their men in top shape for j
the three - mile grind down the j
broad sweep of the Hudson River as |
the classic is renewed for the first I
time since 1941.
POUGHKEEPSIE. N.Y., June 19
(UP). —Favored California and the
longshot Huskies of Washington, for
once finding themselves listed as
watered outsiders, were depending j
"on scuttlebutt alone" today for in- j
formation about their Eastern rivals |
as they prepared for Saturday's re
newal of the Poughkeepsie regatta, j
Both of the Western invaders, I
hopeful of topping the East's two
principal threats. Navy and Cornell,
reported their men in top shape for j
the three - mile grind down the j
broad sweep of the Hudson River as |
the classic is renewed for the first I
time since 1941.
POUGHKEEPSIE. N.Y., June 19
(UP). —Favored California and the
longshot Huskies of Washington, for
once finding themselves listed as
watered outsiders, were depending j
"on scuttlebutt alone" today for in- j
formation about their Eastern rivals |
as they prepared for Saturday's re
newal of the Poughkeepsie regatta, j
Both of the Western invaders, I
hopeful of topping the East's two
principal threats. Navy and Cornell,
reported their men in top shape for j
the three - mile grind down the j
broad sweep of the Hudson River as |
the classic is renewed for the first I
time since 1941.
POUGHKEEPSIE. N.Y., June 19
(UP). —Favored California and the
longshot Huskies of Washington, for
once finding themselves listed as
watered outsiders, were depending j
"on scuttlebutt alone" today for in- j
formation about their Eastern rivals |
as they prepared for Saturday's re
newal of the Poughkeepsie regatta, j
Both of the Western invaders, I
hopeful of topping the East's two
principal threats. Navy and Cornell,
reported their men in top shape for j
the three - mile grind down the j
broad sweep of the Hudson River as |
the classic is renewed for the first I
time since 1941.
POUGHKEEPSIE. N.Y., June 19
(UP). —Favored California and the
longshot Huskies of Washington, for
once finding themselves listed as
watered outsiders, were depending j
"on scuttlebutt alone" today for in- j
formation about their Eastern rivals |
as they prepared for Saturday's re
newal of the Poughkeepsie regatta, j
Both of the Western invaders, I
hopeful of topping the East's two
principal threats. Navy and Cornell,
reported their men in top shape for j
the three - mile grind down the j
broad sweep of the Hudson River as |
the classic is renewed for the first I
time since 1941.
