# Merger of AFL-CIO Is Near, Says Green
## 
### 
CLEVELAND, June 19 (UP).—
AFL President William Green today
indicated that merger of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor and the
Congress of Industrial Organizations
was close.
He told the convention of the In
ternational Ladies' Garment Workers
Union that agreement had been
leached on the principle of "organ
ized unity within the ranks of
labor."
CLEVELAND, June 19 (UP).—
AFL President William Green today
indicated that merger of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor and the
Congress of Industrial Organizations
was close.
He told the convention of the In
ternational Ladies' Garment Workers
Union that agreement had been
leached on the principle of "organ
ized unity within the ranks of
labor."
CLEVELAND, June 19 (UP).—
AFL President William Green today
indicated that merger of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor and the
Congress of Industrial Organizations
was close.
He told the convention of the In
ternational Ladies' Garment Workers
Union that agreement had been
leached on the principle of "organ
ized unity within the ranks of
labor."
CLEVELAND, June 19 (UP).—
AFL President William Green today
indicated that merger of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor and the
Congress of Industrial Organizations
was close.
He told the convention of the In
ternational Ladies' Garment Workers
Union that agreement had been
leached on the principle of "organ
ized unity within the ranks of
labor."
CLEVELAND, June 19 (UP).—
AFL President William Green today
indicated that merger of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor and the
Congress of Industrial Organizations
was close.
He told the convention of the In
ternational Ladies' Garment Workers
Union that agreement had been
leached on the principle of "organ
ized unity within the ranks of
labor."
CLEVELAND, June 19 (UP).—
AFL President William Green today
indicated that merger of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor and the
Congress of Industrial Organizations
was close.
He told the convention of the In
ternational Ladies' Garment Workers
Union that agreement had been
leached on the principle of "organ
ized unity within the ranks of
labor."
CLEVELAND, June 19 (UP).—
AFL President William Green today
indicated that merger of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor and the
Congress of Industrial Organizations
was close.
He told the convention of the In
ternational Ladies' Garment Workers
Union that agreement had been
leached on the principle of "organ
ized unity within the ranks of
labor."
CLEVELAND, June 19 (UP).—
AFL President William Green today
indicated that merger of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor and the
Congress of Industrial Organizations
was close.
He told the convention of the In
ternational Ladies' Garment Workers
Union that agreement had been
leached on the principle of "organ
ized unity within the ranks of
labor."
CLEVELAND, June 19 (UP).—
AFL President William Green today
indicated that merger of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor and the
Congress of Industrial Organizations
was close.
He told the convention of the In
ternational Ladies' Garment Workers
Union that agreement had been
leached on the principle of "organ
ized unity within the ranks of
labor."
CLEVELAND, June 19 (UP).—
AFL President William Green today
indicated that merger of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor and the
Congress of Industrial Organizations
was close.
He told the convention of the In
ternational Ladies' Garment Workers
Union that agreement had been
leached on the principle of "organ
ized unity within the ranks of
labor."
CLEVELAND, June 19 (UP).—
AFL President William Green today
indicated that merger of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor and the
Congress of Industrial Organizations
was close.
He told the convention of the In
ternational Ladies' Garment Workers
Union that agreement had been
leached on the principle of "organ
ized unity within the ranks of
labor."
CLEVELAND, June 19 (UP).—
AFL President William Green today
indicated that merger of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor and the
Congress of Industrial Organizations
was close.
He told the convention of the In
ternational Ladies' Garment Workers
Union that agreement had been
leached on the principle of "organ
ized unity within the ranks of
labor."
CLEVELAND, June 19 (UP).—
AFL President William Green today
indicated that merger of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor and the
Congress of Industrial Organizations
was close.
He told the convention of the In
ternational Ladies' Garment Workers
Union that agreement had been
leached on the principle of "organ
ized unity within the ranks of
labor."
CLEVELAND, June 19 (UP).—
AFL President William Green today
indicated that merger of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor and the
Congress of Industrial Organizations
was close.
He told the convention of the In
ternational Ladies' Garment Workers
Union that agreement had been
leached on the principle of "organ
ized unity within the ranks of
labor."
CLEVELAND, June 19 (UP).—
AFL President William Green today
indicated that merger of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor and the
Congress of Industrial Organizations
was close.
He told the convention of the In
ternational Ladies' Garment Workers
Union that agreement had been
leached on the principle of "organ
ized unity within the ranks of
labor."
