# Soviet Paper Attacks Acheson Doctrine Talk
## 
### 
LONDON, June 19 (UP).—Russia's
Communist party organ Pravda bit
terly attacked retiring U.S. Under
secretary of State Dean Acheson to
day for defending the Truman Doc
trine in a speech he made Sunday.
LONDON, June 19 (UP).—Russia's
Communist party organ Pravda bit
terly attacked retiring U.S. Under
secretary of State Dean Acheson to
day for defending the Truman Doc
trine in a speech he made Sunday.
LONDON, June 19 (UP).—Russia's
Communist party organ Pravda bit
terly attacked retiring U.S. Under
secretary of State Dean Acheson to
day for defending the Truman Doc
trine in a speech he made Sunday.
LONDON, June 19 (UP).—Russia's
Communist party organ Pravda bit
terly attacked retiring U.S. Under
secretary of State Dean Acheson to
day for defending the Truman Doc
trine in a speech he made Sunday.
LONDON, June 19 (UP).—Russia's
Communist party organ Pravda bit
terly attacked retiring U.S. Under
secretary of State Dean Acheson to
day for defending the Truman Doc
trine in a speech he made Sunday.
LONDON, June 19 (UP).—Russia's
Communist party organ Pravda bit
terly attacked retiring U.S. Under
secretary of State Dean Acheson to
day for defending the Truman Doc
trine in a speech he made Sunday.
LONDON, June 19 (UP).—Russia's
Communist party organ Pravda bit
terly attacked retiring U.S. Under
secretary of State Dean Acheson to
day for defending the Truman Doc
trine in a speech he made Sunday.
LONDON, June 19 (UP).—Russia's
Communist party organ Pravda bit
terly attacked retiring U.S. Under
secretary of State Dean Acheson to
day for defending the Truman Doc
trine in a speech he made Sunday.
LONDON, June 19 (UP).—Russia's
Communist party organ Pravda bit
terly attacked retiring U.S. Under
secretary of State Dean Acheson to
day for defending the Truman Doc
trine in a speech he made Sunday.
LONDON, June 19 (UP).—Russia's
Communist party organ Pravda bit
terly attacked retiring U.S. Under
secretary of State Dean Acheson to
day for defending the Truman Doc
trine in a speech he made Sunday.
LONDON, June 19 (UP).—Russia's
Communist party organ Pravda bit
terly attacked retiring U.S. Under
secretary of State Dean Acheson to
day for defending the Truman Doc
trine in a speech he made Sunday.
LONDON, June 19 (UP).—Russia's
Communist party organ Pravda bit
terly attacked retiring U.S. Under
secretary of State Dean Acheson to
day for defending the Truman Doc
trine in a speech he made Sunday.
LONDON, June 19 (UP).—Russia's
Communist party organ Pravda bit
terly attacked retiring U.S. Under
secretary of State Dean Acheson to
day for defending the Truman Doc
trine in a speech he made Sunday.
LONDON, June 19 (UP).—Russia's
Communist party organ Pravda bit
terly attacked retiring U.S. Under
secretary of State Dean Acheson to
day for defending the Truman Doc
trine in a speech he made Sunday.
LONDON, June 19 (UP).—Russia's
Communist party organ Pravda bit
terly attacked retiring U.S. Under
secretary of State Dean Acheson to
day for defending the Truman Doc
trine in a speech he made Sunday.
