# Adv. 35 Page 9
## 
### 
/ Hey guys, I \
' found some fellas
who wanna play some
. pick-up? Let's get a ,
\ team together, y
/ I don't know,
man, I've got a lot of
work to do, and I still
need to figure out how
I'm gonna shave my
v fur for Exotic /
/ Hey guys, I \
' found some fellas
who wanna play some
. pick-up? Let's get a ,
\ team together, y
/ I don't know,
man, I've got a lot of
work to do, and I still
need to figure out how
I'm gonna shave my
v fur for Exotic /
/ Hey guys, I \
' found some fellas
who wanna play some
. pick-up? Let's get a ,
\ team together, y
/ I don't know,
man, I've got a lot of
work to do, and I still
need to figure out how
I'm gonna shave my
v fur for Exotic /
/ Hey guys, I \
' found some fellas
who wanna play some
. pick-up? Let's get a ,
\ team together, y
/ I don't know,
man, I've got a lot of
work to do, and I still
need to figure out how
I'm gonna shave my
v fur for Exotic /
/ Hey guys, I \
' found some fellas
who wanna play some
. pick-up? Let's get a ,
\ team together, y
/ I don't know,
man, I've got a lot of
work to do, and I still
need to figure out how
I'm gonna shave my
v fur for Exotic /
/ Hey guys, I \
' found some fellas
who wanna play some
. pick-up? Let's get a ,
\ team together, y
/ I don't know,
man, I've got a lot of
work to do, and I still
need to figure out how
I'm gonna shave my
v fur for Exotic /
/ Hey guys, I \
' found some fellas
who wanna play some
. pick-up? Let's get a ,
\ team together, y
/ I don't know,
man, I've got a lot of
work to do, and I still
need to figure out how
I'm gonna shave my
v fur for Exotic /
/ Hey guys, I \
' found some fellas
who wanna play some
. pick-up? Let's get a ,
\ team together, y
/ I don't know,
man, I've got a lot of
work to do, and I still
need to figure out how
I'm gonna shave my
v fur for Exotic /
