# Chapel Leaders.
## 
### 
The following are the chapel
leaders for next week: Monday,
Miss Wickham; Tuesday, Miss
Hardy; Wednesday, Dr. Thoburn;
Thursday, I'rof. Fairclough; Fri
day, Prof. Show.
The following are the chapel
leaders for next week: Monday,
Miss Wickham; Tuesday, Miss
Hardy; Wednesday, Dr. Thoburn;
Thursday, I'rof. Fairclough; Fri
day, Prof. Show.
The following are the chapel
leaders for next week: Monday,
Miss Wickham; Tuesday, Miss
Hardy; Wednesday, Dr. Thoburn;
Thursday, I'rof. Fairclough; Fri
day, Prof. Show.
The following are the chapel
leaders for next week: Monday,
Miss Wickham; Tuesday, Miss
Hardy; Wednesday, Dr. Thoburn;
Thursday, I'rof. Fairclough; Fri
day, Prof. Show.
The following are the chapel
leaders for next week: Monday,
Miss Wickham; Tuesday, Miss
Hardy; Wednesday, Dr. Thoburn;
Thursday, I'rof. Fairclough; Fri
day, Prof. Show.
