# Northern Trip to be Well Advertised.
## 
### 
Treasurer Morrison today re
ceived llit; advertising matter for
the Northern trip of the musical
clubs. There is in the collection an
abundant supply of posters, cards,
circulars, and programs, all of
which art! attractively gotten up
and printed in an artistic manner.
This trip of the clubs will be much
better advertised than any trip they
have ever taken before. A legiti
mate amount of advertising is al
ways a good investment, and the
results of this trip will doubtless
show the wisdom of incurring the
additional expense necessary to ad
vertise the clubs properly.
The posters to be used in adver
tising the trip are about four feet
by eight feet in size. They are
printed with cardinal ink, and all
the wording is in type large enough
to be read at some distance. The
word "Stanford" in huge letters is
placed at the top of the poster.
Treasurer Morrison today re
ceived llit; advertising matter for
the Northern trip of the musical
clubs. There is in the collection an
abundant supply of posters, cards,
circulars, and programs, all of
which art! attractively gotten up
and printed in an artistic manner.
This trip of the clubs will be much
better advertised than any trip they
have ever taken before. A legiti
mate amount of advertising is al
ways a good investment, and the
results of this trip will doubtless
show the wisdom of incurring the
additional expense necessary to ad
vertise the clubs properly.
The posters to be used in adver
tising the trip are about four feet
by eight feet in size. They are
printed with cardinal ink, and all
the wording is in type large enough
to be read at some distance. The
word "Stanford" in huge letters is
placed at the top of the poster.
Treasurer Morrison today re
ceived llit; advertising matter for
the Northern trip of the musical
clubs. There is in the collection an
abundant supply of posters, cards,
circulars, and programs, all of
which art! attractively gotten up
and printed in an artistic manner.
This trip of the clubs will be much
better advertised than any trip they
have ever taken before. A legiti
mate amount of advertising is al
ways a good investment, and the
results of this trip will doubtless
show the wisdom of incurring the
additional expense necessary to ad
vertise the clubs properly.
The posters to be used in adver
tising the trip are about four feet
by eight feet in size. They are
printed with cardinal ink, and all
the wording is in type large enough
to be read at some distance. The
word "Stanford" in huge letters is
placed at the top of the poster.
Treasurer Morrison today re
ceived llit; advertising matter for
the Northern trip of the musical
clubs. There is in the collection an
abundant supply of posters, cards,
circulars, and programs, all of
which art! attractively gotten up
and printed in an artistic manner.
This trip of the clubs will be much
better advertised than any trip they
have ever taken before. A legiti
mate amount of advertising is al
ways a good investment, and the
results of this trip will doubtless
show the wisdom of incurring the
additional expense necessary to ad
vertise the clubs properly.
The posters to be used in adver
tising the trip are about four feet
by eight feet in size. They are
printed with cardinal ink, and all
the wording is in type large enough
to be read at some distance. The
word "Stanford" in huge letters is
placed at the top of the poster.
Treasurer Morrison today re
ceived llit; advertising matter for
the Northern trip of the musical
clubs. There is in the collection an
abundant supply of posters, cards,
circulars, and programs, all of
which art! attractively gotten up
and printed in an artistic manner.
This trip of the clubs will be much
better advertised than any trip they
have ever taken before. A legiti
mate amount of advertising is al
ways a good investment, and the
results of this trip will doubtless
show the wisdom of incurring the
additional expense necessary to ad
vertise the clubs properly.
The posters to be used in adver
tising the trip are about four feet
by eight feet in size. They are
printed with cardinal ink, and all
the wording is in type large enough
to be read at some distance. The
word "Stanford" in huge letters is
placed at the top of the poster.
