# Marines Prepare For Prisoner Swap
## 
### 
TOKYO. Friday, April 3—Allied
work gangs rushed physical prepa
rations for exchange of sick and
wounded prisoners today after the
United Nations Command agreed to
begin discussions with the Commu
nists at Panmunjom Monday.
Preparation for handling the pos
sible swap, carried out mainly by
U.S. Marines, emphasized hope that
the discussions would be successful
although many high Allied officials
still warned against over-optimism.
TOKYO. Friday, April 3—Allied
work gangs rushed physical prepa
rations for exchange of sick and
wounded prisoners today after the
United Nations Command agreed to
begin discussions with the Commu
nists at Panmunjom Monday.
Preparation for handling the pos
sible swap, carried out mainly by
U.S. Marines, emphasized hope that
the discussions would be successful
although many high Allied officials
still warned against over-optimism.
TOKYO. Friday, April 3—Allied
work gangs rushed physical prepa
rations for exchange of sick and
wounded prisoners today after the
United Nations Command agreed to
begin discussions with the Commu
nists at Panmunjom Monday.
Preparation for handling the pos
sible swap, carried out mainly by
U.S. Marines, emphasized hope that
the discussions would be successful
although many high Allied officials
still warned against over-optimism.
TOKYO. Friday, April 3—Allied
work gangs rushed physical prepa
rations for exchange of sick and
wounded prisoners today after the
United Nations Command agreed to
begin discussions with the Commu
nists at Panmunjom Monday.
Preparation for handling the pos
sible swap, carried out mainly by
U.S. Marines, emphasized hope that
the discussions would be successful
although many high Allied officials
still warned against over-optimism.
TOKYO. Friday, April 3—Allied
work gangs rushed physical prepa
rations for exchange of sick and
wounded prisoners today after the
United Nations Command agreed to
begin discussions with the Commu
nists at Panmunjom Monday.
Preparation for handling the pos
sible swap, carried out mainly by
U.S. Marines, emphasized hope that
the discussions would be successful
although many high Allied officials
still warned against over-optimism.
TOKYO. Friday, April 3—Allied
work gangs rushed physical prepa
rations for exchange of sick and
wounded prisoners today after the
United Nations Command agreed to
begin discussions with the Commu
nists at Panmunjom Monday.
Preparation for handling the pos
sible swap, carried out mainly by
U.S. Marines, emphasized hope that
the discussions would be successful
although many high Allied officials
still warned against over-optimism.
TOKYO. Friday, April 3—Allied
work gangs rushed physical prepa
rations for exchange of sick and
wounded prisoners today after the
United Nations Command agreed to
begin discussions with the Commu
nists at Panmunjom Monday.
Preparation for handling the pos
sible swap, carried out mainly by
U.S. Marines, emphasized hope that
the discussions would be successful
although many high Allied officials
still warned against over-optimism.
TOKYO. Friday, April 3—Allied
work gangs rushed physical prepa
rations for exchange of sick and
wounded prisoners today after the
United Nations Command agreed to
begin discussions with the Commu
nists at Panmunjom Monday.
Preparation for handling the pos
sible swap, carried out mainly by
U.S. Marines, emphasized hope that
the discussions would be successful
although many high Allied officials
still warned against over-optimism.
TOKYO. Friday, April 3—Allied
work gangs rushed physical prepa
rations for exchange of sick and
wounded prisoners today after the
United Nations Command agreed to
begin discussions with the Commu
nists at Panmunjom Monday.
Preparation for handling the pos
sible swap, carried out mainly by
U.S. Marines, emphasized hope that
the discussions would be successful
although many high Allied officials
still warned against over-optimism.
TOKYO. Friday, April 3—Allied
work gangs rushed physical prepa
rations for exchange of sick and
wounded prisoners today after the
United Nations Command agreed to
begin discussions with the Commu
nists at Panmunjom Monday.
Preparation for handling the pos
sible swap, carried out mainly by
U.S. Marines, emphasized hope that
the discussions would be successful
although many high Allied officials
still warned against over-optimism.
TOKYO. Friday, April 3—Allied
work gangs rushed physical prepa
rations for exchange of sick and
wounded prisoners today after the
United Nations Command agreed to
begin discussions with the Commu
nists at Panmunjom Monday.
Preparation for handling the pos
sible swap, carried out mainly by
U.S. Marines, emphasized hope that
the discussions would be successful
although many high Allied officials
still warned against over-optimism.
TOKYO. Friday, April 3—Allied
work gangs rushed physical prepa
rations for exchange of sick and
wounded prisoners today after the
United Nations Command agreed to
begin discussions with the Commu
nists at Panmunjom Monday.
Preparation for handling the pos
sible swap, carried out mainly by
U.S. Marines, emphasized hope that
the discussions would be successful
although many high Allied officials
still warned against over-optimism.
TOKYO. Friday, April 3—Allied
work gangs rushed physical prepa
rations for exchange of sick and
wounded prisoners today after the
United Nations Command agreed to
begin discussions with the Commu
nists at Panmunjom Monday.
Preparation for handling the pos
sible swap, carried out mainly by
U.S. Marines, emphasized hope that
the discussions would be successful
although many high Allied officials
still warned against over-optimism.
TOKYO. Friday, April 3—Allied
work gangs rushed physical prepa
rations for exchange of sick and
wounded prisoners today after the
United Nations Command agreed to
begin discussions with the Commu
nists at Panmunjom Monday.
Preparation for handling the pos
sible swap, carried out mainly by
U.S. Marines, emphasized hope that
the discussions would be successful
although many high Allied officials
still warned against over-optimism.
TOKYO. Friday, April 3—Allied
work gangs rushed physical prepa
rations for exchange of sick and
wounded prisoners today after the
United Nations Command agreed to
begin discussions with the Commu
nists at Panmunjom Monday.
Preparation for handling the pos
sible swap, carried out mainly by
U.S. Marines, emphasized hope that
the discussions would be successful
although many high Allied officials
still warned against over-optimism.
