# BASKETBALL BLOCKS
## 
### 
Twelve varsity basketball play
ers were awarded blocks this
week by Excom.
They are: Don Carlson, Wayne
Culberson, Don DeLong, Dave
Epperson, Frit/ Fenster, Tom
CJreen, I'aul Johnson, Russ Law
ler, Wayne Lnckhart. Oleg Kuz
daleff, Hon Tomsic, and (ieorge
Zaninov ich.
Twelve varsity basketball play
ers were awarded blocks this
week by Excom.
They are: Don Carlson, Wayne
Culberson, Don DeLong, Dave
Epperson, Frit/ Fenster, Tom
CJreen, I'aul Johnson, Russ Law
ler, Wayne Lnckhart. Oleg Kuz
daleff, Hon Tomsic, and (ieorge
Zaninov ich.
Twelve varsity basketball play
ers were awarded blocks this
week by Excom.
They are: Don Carlson, Wayne
Culberson, Don DeLong, Dave
Epperson, Frit/ Fenster, Tom
CJreen, I'aul Johnson, Russ Law
ler, Wayne Lnckhart. Oleg Kuz
daleff, Hon Tomsic, and (ieorge
Zaninov ich.
Twelve varsity basketball play
ers were awarded blocks this
week by Excom.
They are: Don Carlson, Wayne
Culberson, Don DeLong, Dave
Epperson, Frit/ Fenster, Tom
CJreen, I'aul Johnson, Russ Law
ler, Wayne Lnckhart. Oleg Kuz
daleff, Hon Tomsic, and (ieorge
Zaninov ich.
Twelve varsity basketball play
ers were awarded blocks this
week by Excom.
They are: Don Carlson, Wayne
Culberson, Don DeLong, Dave
Epperson, Frit/ Fenster, Tom
CJreen, I'aul Johnson, Russ Law
ler, Wayne Lnckhart. Oleg Kuz
daleff, Hon Tomsic, and (ieorge
Zaninov ich.
Twelve varsity basketball play
ers were awarded blocks this
week by Excom.
They are: Don Carlson, Wayne
Culberson, Don DeLong, Dave
Epperson, Frit/ Fenster, Tom
CJreen, I'aul Johnson, Russ Law
ler, Wayne Lnckhart. Oleg Kuz
daleff, Hon Tomsic, and (ieorge
Zaninov ich.
Twelve varsity basketball play
ers were awarded blocks this
week by Excom.
They are: Don Carlson, Wayne
Culberson, Don DeLong, Dave
Epperson, Frit/ Fenster, Tom
CJreen, I'aul Johnson, Russ Law
ler, Wayne Lnckhart. Oleg Kuz
daleff, Hon Tomsic, and (ieorge
Zaninov ich.
Twelve varsity basketball play
ers were awarded blocks this
week by Excom.
They are: Don Carlson, Wayne
Culberson, Don DeLong, Dave
Epperson, Frit/ Fenster, Tom
CJreen, I'aul Johnson, Russ Law
ler, Wayne Lnckhart. Oleg Kuz
daleff, Hon Tomsic, and (ieorge
Zaninov ich.
Twelve varsity basketball play
ers were awarded blocks this
week by Excom.
They are: Don Carlson, Wayne
Culberson, Don DeLong, Dave
Epperson, Frit/ Fenster, Tom
CJreen, I'aul Johnson, Russ Law
ler, Wayne Lnckhart. Oleg Kuz
daleff, Hon Tomsic, and (ieorge
Zaninov ich.
Twelve varsity basketball play
ers were awarded blocks this
week by Excom.
They are: Don Carlson, Wayne
Culberson, Don DeLong, Dave
Epperson, Frit/ Fenster, Tom
CJreen, I'aul Johnson, Russ Law
ler, Wayne Lnckhart. Oleg Kuz
daleff, Hon Tomsic, and (ieorge
Zaninov ich.
Twelve varsity basketball play
ers were awarded blocks this
week by Excom.
They are: Don Carlson, Wayne
Culberson, Don DeLong, Dave
Epperson, Frit/ Fenster, Tom
CJreen, I'aul Johnson, Russ Law
ler, Wayne Lnckhart. Oleg Kuz
daleff, Hon Tomsic, and (ieorge
Zaninov ich.
Twelve varsity basketball play
ers were awarded blocks this
week by Excom.
They are: Don Carlson, Wayne
Culberson, Don DeLong, Dave
Epperson, Frit/ Fenster, Tom
CJreen, I'aul Johnson, Russ Law
ler, Wayne Lnckhart. Oleg Kuz
daleff, Hon Tomsic, and (ieorge
Zaninov ich.
Twelve varsity basketball play
ers were awarded blocks this
week by Excom.
They are: Don Carlson, Wayne
Culberson, Don DeLong, Dave
Epperson, Frit/ Fenster, Tom
CJreen, I'aul Johnson, Russ Law
ler, Wayne Lnckhart. Oleg Kuz
daleff, Hon Tomsic, and (ieorge
Zaninov ich.
Twelve varsity basketball play
ers were awarded blocks this
week by Excom.
They are: Don Carlson, Wayne
Culberson, Don DeLong, Dave
Epperson, Frit/ Fenster, Tom
CJreen, I'aul Johnson, Russ Law
ler, Wayne Lnckhart. Oleg Kuz
daleff, Hon Tomsic, and (ieorge
Zaninov ich.
Twelve varsity basketball play
ers were awarded blocks this
week by Excom.
They are: Don Carlson, Wayne
Culberson, Don DeLong, Dave
Epperson, Frit/ Fenster, Tom
CJreen, I'aul Johnson, Russ Law
ler, Wayne Lnckhart. Oleg Kuz
daleff, Hon Tomsic, and (ieorge
Zaninov ich.
