# Nominations to Open For ASSU Elections
## 
### 
Nominations open Wednesday for
spring ASSU elections. Students
may be nominated until the follow
ing Wedensday.
There will be a meeting of the
Election Board Tuesday at 4:30 to
discuss election procedures.
Nominations open Wednesday for
spring ASSU elections. Students
may be nominated until the follow
ing Wedensday.
There will be a meeting of the
Election Board Tuesday at 4:30 to
discuss election procedures.
Nominations open Wednesday for
spring ASSU elections. Students
may be nominated until the follow
ing Wedensday.
There will be a meeting of the
Election Board Tuesday at 4:30 to
discuss election procedures.
Nominations open Wednesday for
spring ASSU elections. Students
may be nominated until the follow
ing Wedensday.
There will be a meeting of the
Election Board Tuesday at 4:30 to
discuss election procedures.
Nominations open Wednesday for
spring ASSU elections. Students
may be nominated until the follow
ing Wedensday.
There will be a meeting of the
Election Board Tuesday at 4:30 to
discuss election procedures.
Nominations open Wednesday for
spring ASSU elections. Students
may be nominated until the follow
ing Wedensday.
There will be a meeting of the
Election Board Tuesday at 4:30 to
discuss election procedures.
Nominations open Wednesday for
spring ASSU elections. Students
may be nominated until the follow
ing Wedensday.
There will be a meeting of the
Election Board Tuesday at 4:30 to
discuss election procedures.
Nominations open Wednesday for
spring ASSU elections. Students
may be nominated until the follow
ing Wedensday.
There will be a meeting of the
Election Board Tuesday at 4:30 to
discuss election procedures.
Nominations open Wednesday for
spring ASSU elections. Students
may be nominated until the follow
ing Wedensday.
There will be a meeting of the
Election Board Tuesday at 4:30 to
discuss election procedures.
Nominations open Wednesday for
spring ASSU elections. Students
may be nominated until the follow
ing Wedensday.
There will be a meeting of the
Election Board Tuesday at 4:30 to
discuss election procedures.
Nominations open Wednesday for
spring ASSU elections. Students
may be nominated until the follow
ing Wedensday.
There will be a meeting of the
Election Board Tuesday at 4:30 to
discuss election procedures.
Nominations open Wednesday for
spring ASSU elections. Students
may be nominated until the follow
ing Wedensday.
There will be a meeting of the
Election Board Tuesday at 4:30 to
discuss election procedures.
Nominations open Wednesday for
spring ASSU elections. Students
may be nominated until the follow
ing Wedensday.
There will be a meeting of the
Election Board Tuesday at 4:30 to
discuss election procedures.
Nominations open Wednesday for
spring ASSU elections. Students
may be nominated until the follow
ing Wedensday.
There will be a meeting of the
Election Board Tuesday at 4:30 to
discuss election procedures.
Nominations open Wednesday for
spring ASSU elections. Students
may be nominated until the follow
ing Wedensday.
There will be a meeting of the
Election Board Tuesday at 4:30 to
discuss election procedures.
