# A 						Phi O Ride File Is Available Now
## 
### 
Copies of the Alpha Phi Omega
commuters' file of students who
drive to campus from points be
tween Mill Valley and San Jose or
who wish rides are available in the
ASSU office. Copies have already
been mailed to all who registered
on the file in the A Phi O booth on
registration day.
Roger von Preissig and Marcel
Reeves were in charge of the proj
ect for the service fraternity.
Copies of the Alpha Phi Omega
commuters' file of students who
drive to campus from points be
tween Mill Valley and San Jose or
who wish rides are available in the
ASSU office. Copies have already
been mailed to all who registered
on the file in the A Phi O booth on
registration day.
Roger von Preissig and Marcel
Reeves were in charge of the proj
ect for the service fraternity.
Copies of the Alpha Phi Omega
commuters' file of students who
drive to campus from points be
tween Mill Valley and San Jose or
who wish rides are available in the
ASSU office. Copies have already
been mailed to all who registered
on the file in the A Phi O booth on
registration day.
Roger von Preissig and Marcel
Reeves were in charge of the proj
ect for the service fraternity.
Copies of the Alpha Phi Omega
commuters' file of students who
drive to campus from points be
tween Mill Valley and San Jose or
who wish rides are available in the
ASSU office. Copies have already
been mailed to all who registered
on the file in the A Phi O booth on
registration day.
Roger von Preissig and Marcel
Reeves were in charge of the proj
ect for the service fraternity.
Copies of the Alpha Phi Omega
commuters' file of students who
drive to campus from points be
tween Mill Valley and San Jose or
who wish rides are available in the
ASSU office. Copies have already
been mailed to all who registered
on the file in the A Phi O booth on
registration day.
Roger von Preissig and Marcel
Reeves were in charge of the proj
ect for the service fraternity.
Copies of the Alpha Phi Omega
commuters' file of students who
drive to campus from points be
tween Mill Valley and San Jose or
who wish rides are available in the
ASSU office. Copies have already
been mailed to all who registered
on the file in the A Phi O booth on
registration day.
Roger von Preissig and Marcel
Reeves were in charge of the proj
ect for the service fraternity.
Copies of the Alpha Phi Omega
commuters' file of students who
drive to campus from points be
tween Mill Valley and San Jose or
who wish rides are available in the
ASSU office. Copies have already
been mailed to all who registered
on the file in the A Phi O booth on
registration day.
Roger von Preissig and Marcel
Reeves were in charge of the proj
ect for the service fraternity.
Copies of the Alpha Phi Omega
commuters' file of students who
drive to campus from points be
tween Mill Valley and San Jose or
who wish rides are available in the
ASSU office. Copies have already
been mailed to all who registered
on the file in the A Phi O booth on
registration day.
Roger von Preissig and Marcel
Reeves were in charge of the proj
ect for the service fraternity.
Copies of the Alpha Phi Omega
commuters' file of students who
drive to campus from points be
tween Mill Valley and San Jose or
who wish rides are available in the
ASSU office. Copies have already
been mailed to all who registered
on the file in the A Phi O booth on
registration day.
Roger von Preissig and Marcel
Reeves were in charge of the proj
ect for the service fraternity.
Copies of the Alpha Phi Omega
commuters' file of students who
drive to campus from points be
tween Mill Valley and San Jose or
who wish rides are available in the
ASSU office. Copies have already
been mailed to all who registered
on the file in the A Phi O booth on
registration day.
Roger von Preissig and Marcel
Reeves were in charge of the proj
ect for the service fraternity.
Copies of the Alpha Phi Omega
commuters' file of students who
drive to campus from points be
tween Mill Valley and San Jose or
who wish rides are available in the
ASSU office. Copies have already
been mailed to all who registered
on the file in the A Phi O booth on
registration day.
Roger von Preissig and Marcel
Reeves were in charge of the proj
ect for the service fraternity.
Copies of the Alpha Phi Omega
commuters' file of students who
drive to campus from points be
tween Mill Valley and San Jose or
who wish rides are available in the
ASSU office. Copies have already
been mailed to all who registered
on the file in the A Phi O booth on
registration day.
Roger von Preissig and Marcel
Reeves were in charge of the proj
ect for the service fraternity.
Copies of the Alpha Phi Omega
commuters' file of students who
drive to campus from points be
tween Mill Valley and San Jose or
who wish rides are available in the
ASSU office. Copies have already
been mailed to all who registered
on the file in the A Phi O booth on
registration day.
Roger von Preissig and Marcel
Reeves were in charge of the proj
ect for the service fraternity.
Copies of the Alpha Phi Omega
commuters' file of students who
drive to campus from points be
tween Mill Valley and San Jose or
who wish rides are available in the
ASSU office. Copies have already
been mailed to all who registered
on the file in the A Phi O booth on
registration day.
Roger von Preissig and Marcel
Reeves were in charge of the proj
ect for the service fraternity.
Copies of the Alpha Phi Omega
commuters' file of students who
drive to campus from points be
tween Mill Valley and San Jose or
who wish rides are available in the
ASSU office. Copies have already
been mailed to all who registered
on the file in the A Phi O booth on
registration day.
Roger von Preissig and Marcel
Reeves were in charge of the proj
ect for the service fraternity.
