# Freshman Glee.
## 
### 
The committee on arrangements
for the Freshman Glee have defin
itely decided on the date, which is
Friday, Dec. 4. The committee is
putting forth every effort to make
the affair a success. One of the
best orchestras •of San Francisco
has been secured to furnish the mu
sic of the evening. The price of
tickets has been iixed at two dol
lars, and they are now on sale at
Rice's.
The committee on arrangements
for the Freshman Glee have defin
itely decided on the date, which is
Friday, Dec. 4. The committee is
putting forth every effort to make
the affair a success. One of the
best orchestras •of San Francisco
has been secured to furnish the mu
sic of the evening. The price of
tickets has been iixed at two dol
lars, and they are now on sale at
Rice's.
The committee on arrangements
for the Freshman Glee have defin
itely decided on the date, which is
Friday, Dec. 4. The committee is
putting forth every effort to make
the affair a success. One of the
best orchestras •of San Francisco
has been secured to furnish the mu
sic of the evening. The price of
tickets has been iixed at two dol
lars, and they are now on sale at
Rice's.
The committee on arrangements
for the Freshman Glee have defin
itely decided on the date, which is
Friday, Dec. 4. The committee is
putting forth every effort to make
the affair a success. One of the
best orchestras •of San Francisco
has been secured to furnish the mu
sic of the evening. The price of
tickets has been iixed at two dol
lars, and they are now on sale at
Rice's.
The committee on arrangements
for the Freshman Glee have defin
itely decided on the date, which is
Friday, Dec. 4. The committee is
putting forth every effort to make
the affair a success. One of the
best orchestras •of San Francisco
has been secured to furnish the mu
sic of the evening. The price of
tickets has been iixed at two dol
lars, and they are now on sale at
Rice's.
