# Clemans to Coach.
## 
### 
Clemans, 'i) 2, arrived here today
to remain until after Thanksgiving.
He will assist Mr. Cross in coach
ing the backs, and from his own
long experience should prove a
valuable man in this respect. Mr.
Clemans will be remembered as the
phenomenal running fullback of
our first three varsity teams. He
is probably the greatest ground
gainer on the Coast on runs in the
open field. Use of the straight
arm, clever dodging, and speed are
the features of his play. Mr.
Clemans will make an especial at
tempt to instil "ginger'' into the
backs.
Clemans, 'i) 2, arrived here today
to remain until after Thanksgiving.
He will assist Mr. Cross in coach
ing the backs, and from his own
long experience should prove a
valuable man in this respect. Mr.
Clemans will be remembered as the
phenomenal running fullback of
our first three varsity teams. He
is probably the greatest ground
gainer on the Coast on runs in the
open field. Use of the straight
arm, clever dodging, and speed are
the features of his play. Mr.
Clemans will make an especial at
tempt to instil "ginger'' into the
backs.
Clemans, 'i) 2, arrived here today
to remain until after Thanksgiving.
He will assist Mr. Cross in coach
ing the backs, and from his own
long experience should prove a
valuable man in this respect. Mr.
Clemans will be remembered as the
phenomenal running fullback of
our first three varsity teams. He
is probably the greatest ground
gainer on the Coast on runs in the
open field. Use of the straight
arm, clever dodging, and speed are
the features of his play. Mr.
Clemans will make an especial at
tempt to instil "ginger'' into the
backs.
Clemans, 'i) 2, arrived here today
to remain until after Thanksgiving.
He will assist Mr. Cross in coach
ing the backs, and from his own
long experience should prove a
valuable man in this respect. Mr.
Clemans will be remembered as the
phenomenal running fullback of
our first three varsity teams. He
is probably the greatest ground
gainer on the Coast on runs in the
open field. Use of the straight
arm, clever dodging, and speed are
the features of his play. Mr.
Clemans will make an especial at
tempt to instil "ginger'' into the
backs.
Clemans, 'i) 2, arrived here today
to remain until after Thanksgiving.
He will assist Mr. Cross in coach
ing the backs, and from his own
long experience should prove a
valuable man in this respect. Mr.
Clemans will be remembered as the
phenomenal running fullback of
our first three varsity teams. He
is probably the greatest ground
gainer on the Coast on runs in the
open field. Use of the straight
arm, clever dodging, and speed are
the features of his play. Mr.
Clemans will make an especial at
tempt to instil "ginger'' into the
backs.
