# Untitled Article
## 
### 

MERCURY in the Convalescent
Home Fund Drive hit the $7:55
mark after two days of campaign
ing, Chairman Mark Hopkins an
nounced last night.

MERCURY in the Convalescent
Home Fund Drive hit the $7:55
mark after two days of campaign
ing, Chairman Mark Hopkins an
nounced last night.

MERCURY in the Convalescent
Home Fund Drive hit the $7:55
mark after two days of campaign
ing, Chairman Mark Hopkins an
nounced last night.

MERCURY in the Convalescent
Home Fund Drive hit the $7:55
mark after two days of campaign
ing, Chairman Mark Hopkins an
nounced last night.

MERCURY in the Convalescent
Home Fund Drive hit the $7:55
mark after two days of campaign
ing, Chairman Mark Hopkins an
nounced last night.

MERCURY in the Convalescent
Home Fund Drive hit the $7:55
mark after two days of campaign
ing, Chairman Mark Hopkins an
nounced last night.

MERCURY in the Convalescent
Home Fund Drive hit the $7:55
mark after two days of campaign
ing, Chairman Mark Hopkins an
nounced last night.

MERCURY in the Convalescent
Home Fund Drive hit the $7:55
mark after two days of campaign
ing, Chairman Mark Hopkins an
nounced last night.

MERCURY in the Convalescent
Home Fund Drive hit the $7:55
mark after two days of campaign
ing, Chairman Mark Hopkins an
nounced last night.

MERCURY in the Convalescent
Home Fund Drive hit the $7:55
mark after two days of campaign
ing, Chairman Mark Hopkins an
nounced last night.

MERCURY in the Convalescent
Home Fund Drive hit the $7:55
mark after two days of campaign
ing, Chairman Mark Hopkins an
nounced last night.

MERCURY in the Convalescent
Home Fund Drive hit the $7:55
mark after two days of campaign
ing, Chairman Mark Hopkins an
nounced last night.

MERCURY in the Convalescent
Home Fund Drive hit the $7:55
mark after two days of campaign
ing, Chairman Mark Hopkins an
nounced last night.

MERCURY in the Convalescent
Home Fund Drive hit the $7:55
mark after two days of campaign
ing, Chairman Mark Hopkins an
nounced last night.

MERCURY in the Convalescent
Home Fund Drive hit the $7:55
mark after two days of campaign
ing, Chairman Mark Hopkins an
nounced last night.
