# WINNERS IN STUDENT ELECTION
## 
### 



808 McROSKEY, new senior
president (left); JAN NORTH,
senior woman, and ROY WIN
KLEMAN, member-at-large on
Ex Committee.



808 McROSKEY, new senior
president (left); JAN NORTH,
senior woman, and ROY WIN
KLEMAN, member-at-large on
Ex Committee.



808 McROSKEY, new senior
president (left); JAN NORTH,
senior woman, and ROY WIN
KLEMAN, member-at-large on
Ex Committee.



808 McROSKEY, new senior
president (left); JAN NORTH,
senior woman, and ROY WIN
KLEMAN, member-at-large on
Ex Committee.



808 McROSKEY, new senior
president (left); JAN NORTH,
senior woman, and ROY WIN
KLEMAN, member-at-large on
Ex Committee.



808 McROSKEY, new senior
president (left); JAN NORTH,
senior woman, and ROY WIN
KLEMAN, member-at-large on
Ex Committee.



808 McROSKEY, new senior
president (left); JAN NORTH,
senior woman, and ROY WIN
KLEMAN, member-at-large on
Ex Committee.



808 McROSKEY, new senior
president (left); JAN NORTH,
senior woman, and ROY WIN
KLEMAN, member-at-large on
Ex Committee.



808 McROSKEY, new senior
president (left); JAN NORTH,
senior woman, and ROY WIN
KLEMAN, member-at-large on
Ex Committee.



808 McROSKEY, new senior
president (left); JAN NORTH,
senior woman, and ROY WIN
KLEMAN, member-at-large on
Ex Committee.



808 McROSKEY, new senior
president (left); JAN NORTH,
senior woman, and ROY WIN
KLEMAN, member-at-large on
Ex Committee.



808 McROSKEY, new senior
president (left); JAN NORTH,
senior woman, and ROY WIN
KLEMAN, member-at-large on
Ex Committee.



808 McROSKEY, new senior
president (left); JAN NORTH,
senior woman, and ROY WIN
KLEMAN, member-at-large on
Ex Committee.



808 McROSKEY, new senior
president (left); JAN NORTH,
senior woman, and ROY WIN
KLEMAN, member-at-large on
Ex Committee.



808 McROSKEY, new senior
president (left); JAN NORTH,
senior woman, and ROY WIN
KLEMAN, member-at-large on
Ex Committee.
