# DAILY STAFF MEETING
## 
### 
Bigwigs-for-a-day on The
Daily's frosh edition meet in
the shack today at 5 o'clock.
Staff down through head copy
editor and U.P. editor will
thrash out policies, oil the ma
chinery.
Bigwigs-for-a-day on The
Daily's frosh edition meet in
the shack today at 5 o'clock.
Staff down through head copy
editor and U.P. editor will
thrash out policies, oil the ma
chinery.
Bigwigs-for-a-day on The
Daily's frosh edition meet in
the shack today at 5 o'clock.
Staff down through head copy
editor and U.P. editor will
thrash out policies, oil the ma
chinery.
Bigwigs-for-a-day on The
Daily's frosh edition meet in
the shack today at 5 o'clock.
Staff down through head copy
editor and U.P. editor will
thrash out policies, oil the ma
chinery.
Bigwigs-for-a-day on The
Daily's frosh edition meet in
the shack today at 5 o'clock.
Staff down through head copy
editor and U.P. editor will
thrash out policies, oil the ma
chinery.
Bigwigs-for-a-day on The
Daily's frosh edition meet in
the shack today at 5 o'clock.
Staff down through head copy
editor and U.P. editor will
thrash out policies, oil the ma
chinery.
Bigwigs-for-a-day on The
Daily's frosh edition meet in
the shack today at 5 o'clock.
Staff down through head copy
editor and U.P. editor will
thrash out policies, oil the ma
chinery.
Bigwigs-for-a-day on The
Daily's frosh edition meet in
the shack today at 5 o'clock.
Staff down through head copy
editor and U.P. editor will
thrash out policies, oil the ma
chinery.
Bigwigs-for-a-day on The
Daily's frosh edition meet in
the shack today at 5 o'clock.
Staff down through head copy
editor and U.P. editor will
thrash out policies, oil the ma
chinery.
Bigwigs-for-a-day on The
Daily's frosh edition meet in
the shack today at 5 o'clock.
Staff down through head copy
editor and U.P. editor will
thrash out policies, oil the ma
chinery.
Bigwigs-for-a-day on The
Daily's frosh edition meet in
the shack today at 5 o'clock.
Staff down through head copy
editor and U.P. editor will
thrash out policies, oil the ma
chinery.
Bigwigs-for-a-day on The
Daily's frosh edition meet in
the shack today at 5 o'clock.
Staff down through head copy
editor and U.P. editor will
thrash out policies, oil the ma
chinery.
Bigwigs-for-a-day on The
Daily's frosh edition meet in
the shack today at 5 o'clock.
Staff down through head copy
editor and U.P. editor will
thrash out policies, oil the ma
chinery.
Bigwigs-for-a-day on The
Daily's frosh edition meet in
the shack today at 5 o'clock.
Staff down through head copy
editor and U.P. editor will
thrash out policies, oil the ma
chinery.
Bigwigs-for-a-day on The
Daily's frosh edition meet in
the shack today at 5 o'clock.
Staff down through head copy
editor and U.P. editor will
thrash out policies, oil the ma
chinery.
