# Marxes Held In Suit for Theft
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, April 14 (UP).—
Groucho and Chico Marx, of the
Marx Brothers film comedy team>
were indicted today by a federal
grand jury on charges of violating
copyright laws.
The indictment was based on
charges by Carroll and Garrett Gra
ham that the Marx Brothers had
stolen their story, "The Hollywood
Adventures of Mr. Dibble and Mr.
Dabble," and used it for a radio
script.
LOS ANGELES, April 14 (UP).—
Groucho and Chico Marx, of the
Marx Brothers film comedy team>
were indicted today by a federal
grand jury on charges of violating
copyright laws.
The indictment was based on
charges by Carroll and Garrett Gra
ham that the Marx Brothers had
stolen their story, "The Hollywood
Adventures of Mr. Dibble and Mr.
Dabble," and used it for a radio
script.
LOS ANGELES, April 14 (UP).—
Groucho and Chico Marx, of the
Marx Brothers film comedy team>
were indicted today by a federal
grand jury on charges of violating
copyright laws.
The indictment was based on
charges by Carroll and Garrett Gra
ham that the Marx Brothers had
stolen their story, "The Hollywood
Adventures of Mr. Dibble and Mr.
Dabble," and used it for a radio
script.
LOS ANGELES, April 14 (UP).—
Groucho and Chico Marx, of the
Marx Brothers film comedy team>
were indicted today by a federal
grand jury on charges of violating
copyright laws.
The indictment was based on
charges by Carroll and Garrett Gra
ham that the Marx Brothers had
stolen their story, "The Hollywood
Adventures of Mr. Dibble and Mr.
Dabble," and used it for a radio
script.
LOS ANGELES, April 14 (UP).—
Groucho and Chico Marx, of the
Marx Brothers film comedy team>
were indicted today by a federal
grand jury on charges of violating
copyright laws.
The indictment was based on
charges by Carroll and Garrett Gra
ham that the Marx Brothers had
stolen their story, "The Hollywood
Adventures of Mr. Dibble and Mr.
Dabble," and used it for a radio
script.
LOS ANGELES, April 14 (UP).—
Groucho and Chico Marx, of the
Marx Brothers film comedy team>
were indicted today by a federal
grand jury on charges of violating
copyright laws.
The indictment was based on
charges by Carroll and Garrett Gra
ham that the Marx Brothers had
stolen their story, "The Hollywood
Adventures of Mr. Dibble and Mr.
Dabble," and used it for a radio
script.
LOS ANGELES, April 14 (UP).—
Groucho and Chico Marx, of the
Marx Brothers film comedy team>
were indicted today by a federal
grand jury on charges of violating
copyright laws.
The indictment was based on
charges by Carroll and Garrett Gra
ham that the Marx Brothers had
stolen their story, "The Hollywood
Adventures of Mr. Dibble and Mr.
Dabble," and used it for a radio
script.
LOS ANGELES, April 14 (UP).—
Groucho and Chico Marx, of the
Marx Brothers film comedy team>
were indicted today by a federal
grand jury on charges of violating
copyright laws.
The indictment was based on
charges by Carroll and Garrett Gra
ham that the Marx Brothers had
stolen their story, "The Hollywood
Adventures of Mr. Dibble and Mr.
Dabble," and used it for a radio
script.
LOS ANGELES, April 14 (UP).—
Groucho and Chico Marx, of the
Marx Brothers film comedy team>
were indicted today by a federal
grand jury on charges of violating
copyright laws.
The indictment was based on
charges by Carroll and Garrett Gra
ham that the Marx Brothers had
stolen their story, "The Hollywood
Adventures of Mr. Dibble and Mr.
Dabble," and used it for a radio
script.
LOS ANGELES, April 14 (UP).—
Groucho and Chico Marx, of the
Marx Brothers film comedy team>
were indicted today by a federal
grand jury on charges of violating
copyright laws.
The indictment was based on
charges by Carroll and Garrett Gra
ham that the Marx Brothers had
stolen their story, "The Hollywood
Adventures of Mr. Dibble and Mr.
Dabble," and used it for a radio
script.
LOS ANGELES, April 14 (UP).—
Groucho and Chico Marx, of the
Marx Brothers film comedy team>
were indicted today by a federal
grand jury on charges of violating
copyright laws.
The indictment was based on
charges by Carroll and Garrett Gra
ham that the Marx Brothers had
stolen their story, "The Hollywood
Adventures of Mr. Dibble and Mr.
Dabble," and used it for a radio
script.
LOS ANGELES, April 14 (UP).—
Groucho and Chico Marx, of the
Marx Brothers film comedy team>
were indicted today by a federal
grand jury on charges of violating
copyright laws.
The indictment was based on
charges by Carroll and Garrett Gra
ham that the Marx Brothers had
stolen their story, "The Hollywood
Adventures of Mr. Dibble and Mr.
Dabble," and used it for a radio
script.
LOS ANGELES, April 14 (UP).—
Groucho and Chico Marx, of the
Marx Brothers film comedy team>
were indicted today by a federal
grand jury on charges of violating
copyright laws.
The indictment was based on
charges by Carroll and Garrett Gra
ham that the Marx Brothers had
stolen their story, "The Hollywood
Adventures of Mr. Dibble and Mr.
Dabble," and used it for a radio
script.
LOS ANGELES, April 14 (UP).—
Groucho and Chico Marx, of the
Marx Brothers film comedy team>
were indicted today by a federal
grand jury on charges of violating
copyright laws.
The indictment was based on
charges by Carroll and Garrett Gra
ham that the Marx Brothers had
stolen their story, "The Hollywood
Adventures of Mr. Dibble and Mr.
Dabble," and used it for a radio
script.
LOS ANGELES, April 14 (UP).—
Groucho and Chico Marx, of the
Marx Brothers film comedy team>
were indicted today by a federal
grand jury on charges of violating
copyright laws.
The indictment was based on
charges by Carroll and Garrett Gra
ham that the Marx Brothers had
stolen their story, "The Hollywood
Adventures of Mr. Dibble and Mr.
Dabble," and used it for a radio
script.
