# Adv. 6 Page 4
## 
### 
Since 1990, 120 Stanford University
graduates have applied their leadership
skills to the growing movement to end
educational inequity in our country.
Will you join them?
FINAL APPLICATION DEADLINE: FEBRUARY 15
apply online at teachforamerica.org
TEACHFORAMERICA
www.teachforamerica.org
Since 1990, 120 Stanford University
graduates have applied their leadership
skills to the growing movement to end
educational inequity in our country.
Will you join them?
FINAL APPLICATION DEADLINE: FEBRUARY 15
apply online at teachforamerica.org
TEACHFORAMERICA
www.teachforamerica.org
Since 1990, 120 Stanford University
graduates have applied their leadership
skills to the growing movement to end
educational inequity in our country.
Will you join them?
FINAL APPLICATION DEADLINE: FEBRUARY 15
apply online at teachforamerica.org
TEACHFORAMERICA
www.teachforamerica.org
Since 1990, 120 Stanford University
graduates have applied their leadership
skills to the growing movement to end
educational inequity in our country.
Will you join them?
FINAL APPLICATION DEADLINE: FEBRUARY 15
apply online at teachforamerica.org
TEACHFORAMERICA
www.teachforamerica.org
Since 1990, 120 Stanford University
graduates have applied their leadership
skills to the growing movement to end
educational inequity in our country.
Will you join them?
FINAL APPLICATION DEADLINE: FEBRUARY 15
apply online at teachforamerica.org
TEACHFORAMERICA
www.teachforamerica.org
Since 1990, 120 Stanford University
graduates have applied their leadership
skills to the growing movement to end
educational inequity in our country.
Will you join them?
FINAL APPLICATION DEADLINE: FEBRUARY 15
apply online at teachforamerica.org
TEACHFORAMERICA
www.teachforamerica.org
Since 1990, 120 Stanford University
graduates have applied their leadership
skills to the growing movement to end
educational inequity in our country.
Will you join them?
FINAL APPLICATION DEADLINE: FEBRUARY 15
apply online at teachforamerica.org
TEACHFORAMERICA
www.teachforamerica.org
Since 1990, 120 Stanford University
graduates have applied their leadership
skills to the growing movement to end
educational inequity in our country.
Will you join them?
FINAL APPLICATION DEADLINE: FEBRUARY 15
apply online at teachforamerica.org
TEACHFORAMERICA
www.teachforamerica.org
