# Diversions
## WHITE PLAZA WATCH 
### 
, v . • «"■ xv * - -
Q:What did you do to break Noah's Covenant with God?


"\ have too many sins
to count."


"\ swam in the lake so
the rain gods got
angry/'


"I'm from Chile. I
don't speak English.'"'


"\ participated in a
pagan salt water
purification ritual. "


"\ was never circum
cised/'
, v . • «"■ xv * - -
Q:What did you do to break Noah's Covenant with God?


"\ have too many sins
to count."


"\ swam in the lake so
the rain gods got
angry/'


"I'm from Chile. I
don't speak English.'"'


"\ participated in a
pagan salt water
purification ritual. "


"\ was never circum
cised/'
, v . • «"■ xv * - -
Q:What did you do to break Noah's Covenant with God?


"\ have too many sins
to count."


"\ swam in the lake so
the rain gods got
angry/'


"I'm from Chile. I
don't speak English.'"'


"\ participated in a
pagan salt water
purification ritual. "


"\ was never circum
cised/'
, v . • «"■ xv * - -
Q:What did you do to break Noah's Covenant with God?


"\ have too many sins
to count."


"\ swam in the lake so
the rain gods got
angry/'


"I'm from Chile. I
don't speak English.'"'


"\ participated in a
pagan salt water
purification ritual. "


"\ was never circum
cised/'
, v . • «"■ xv * - -
Q:What did you do to break Noah's Covenant with God?


"\ have too many sins
to count."


"\ swam in the lake so
the rain gods got
angry/'


"I'm from Chile. I
don't speak English.'"'


"\ participated in a
pagan salt water
purification ritual. "


"\ was never circum
cised/'
