# Ness Possible Election Head
## 
### 
Gorodn L. Ness, '50. will be put
before the Executive Committee for
appointment as chairman of Elec
tion Board, A.S.S.U. President Mar
tin Anderson announced last night.
Anderson stated that Ness has
been studying the subject of elec
tions and corresponding with other
American universities for the Lead
ership Institute committee. The
committee will present a round
table discussion of the A.S.S.U.
election system over KSU Thursday
night.
"I realize," Anderson said, "that
Ness is a second-quarter freshman,
but he is interested and has been
working hard."
Gorodn L. Ness, '50. will be put
before the Executive Committee for
appointment as chairman of Elec
tion Board, A.S.S.U. President Mar
tin Anderson announced last night.
Anderson stated that Ness has
been studying the subject of elec
tions and corresponding with other
American universities for the Lead
ership Institute committee. The
committee will present a round
table discussion of the A.S.S.U.
election system over KSU Thursday
night.
"I realize," Anderson said, "that
Ness is a second-quarter freshman,
but he is interested and has been
working hard."
Gorodn L. Ness, '50. will be put
before the Executive Committee for
appointment as chairman of Elec
tion Board, A.S.S.U. President Mar
tin Anderson announced last night.
Anderson stated that Ness has
been studying the subject of elec
tions and corresponding with other
American universities for the Lead
ership Institute committee. The
committee will present a round
table discussion of the A.S.S.U.
election system over KSU Thursday
night.
"I realize," Anderson said, "that
Ness is a second-quarter freshman,
but he is interested and has been
working hard."
Gorodn L. Ness, '50. will be put
before the Executive Committee for
appointment as chairman of Elec
tion Board, A.S.S.U. President Mar
tin Anderson announced last night.
Anderson stated that Ness has
been studying the subject of elec
tions and corresponding with other
American universities for the Lead
ership Institute committee. The
committee will present a round
table discussion of the A.S.S.U.
election system over KSU Thursday
night.
"I realize," Anderson said, "that
Ness is a second-quarter freshman,
but he is interested and has been
working hard."
Gorodn L. Ness, '50. will be put
before the Executive Committee for
appointment as chairman of Elec
tion Board, A.S.S.U. President Mar
tin Anderson announced last night.
Anderson stated that Ness has
been studying the subject of elec
tions and corresponding with other
American universities for the Lead
ership Institute committee. The
committee will present a round
table discussion of the A.S.S.U.
election system over KSU Thursday
night.
"I realize," Anderson said, "that
Ness is a second-quarter freshman,
but he is interested and has been
working hard."
Gorodn L. Ness, '50. will be put
before the Executive Committee for
appointment as chairman of Elec
tion Board, A.S.S.U. President Mar
tin Anderson announced last night.
Anderson stated that Ness has
been studying the subject of elec
tions and corresponding with other
American universities for the Lead
ership Institute committee. The
committee will present a round
table discussion of the A.S.S.U.
election system over KSU Thursday
night.
"I realize," Anderson said, "that
Ness is a second-quarter freshman,
but he is interested and has been
working hard."
Gorodn L. Ness, '50. will be put
before the Executive Committee for
appointment as chairman of Elec
tion Board, A.S.S.U. President Mar
tin Anderson announced last night.
Anderson stated that Ness has
been studying the subject of elec
tions and corresponding with other
American universities for the Lead
ership Institute committee. The
committee will present a round
table discussion of the A.S.S.U.
election system over KSU Thursday
night.
"I realize," Anderson said, "that
Ness is a second-quarter freshman,
but he is interested and has been
working hard."
Gorodn L. Ness, '50. will be put
before the Executive Committee for
appointment as chairman of Elec
tion Board, A.S.S.U. President Mar
tin Anderson announced last night.
Anderson stated that Ness has
been studying the subject of elec
tions and corresponding with other
American universities for the Lead
ership Institute committee. The
committee will present a round
table discussion of the A.S.S.U.
election system over KSU Thursday
night.
"I realize," Anderson said, "that
Ness is a second-quarter freshman,
but he is interested and has been
working hard."
Gorodn L. Ness, '50. will be put
before the Executive Committee for
appointment as chairman of Elec
tion Board, A.S.S.U. President Mar
tin Anderson announced last night.
Anderson stated that Ness has
been studying the subject of elec
tions and corresponding with other
American universities for the Lead
ership Institute committee. The
committee will present a round
table discussion of the A.S.S.U.
election system over KSU Thursday
night.
"I realize," Anderson said, "that
Ness is a second-quarter freshman,
but he is interested and has been
working hard."
Gorodn L. Ness, '50. will be put
before the Executive Committee for
appointment as chairman of Elec
tion Board, A.S.S.U. President Mar
tin Anderson announced last night.
Anderson stated that Ness has
been studying the subject of elec
tions and corresponding with other
American universities for the Lead
ership Institute committee. The
committee will present a round
table discussion of the A.S.S.U.
election system over KSU Thursday
night.
"I realize," Anderson said, "that
Ness is a second-quarter freshman,
but he is interested and has been
working hard."
Gorodn L. Ness, '50. will be put
before the Executive Committee for
appointment as chairman of Elec
tion Board, A.S.S.U. President Mar
tin Anderson announced last night.
Anderson stated that Ness has
been studying the subject of elec
tions and corresponding with other
American universities for the Lead
ership Institute committee. The
committee will present a round
table discussion of the A.S.S.U.
election system over KSU Thursday
night.
"I realize," Anderson said, "that
Ness is a second-quarter freshman,
but he is interested and has been
working hard."
Gorodn L. Ness, '50. will be put
before the Executive Committee for
appointment as chairman of Elec
tion Board, A.S.S.U. President Mar
tin Anderson announced last night.
Anderson stated that Ness has
been studying the subject of elec
tions and corresponding with other
American universities for the Lead
ership Institute committee. The
committee will present a round
table discussion of the A.S.S.U.
election system over KSU Thursday
night.
"I realize," Anderson said, "that
Ness is a second-quarter freshman,
but he is interested and has been
working hard."
Gorodn L. Ness, '50. will be put
before the Executive Committee for
appointment as chairman of Elec
tion Board, A.S.S.U. President Mar
tin Anderson announced last night.
Anderson stated that Ness has
been studying the subject of elec
tions and corresponding with other
American universities for the Lead
ership Institute committee. The
committee will present a round
table discussion of the A.S.S.U.
election system over KSU Thursday
night.
"I realize," Anderson said, "that
Ness is a second-quarter freshman,
but he is interested and has been
working hard."
Gorodn L. Ness, '50. will be put
before the Executive Committee for
appointment as chairman of Elec
tion Board, A.S.S.U. President Mar
tin Anderson announced last night.
Anderson stated that Ness has
been studying the subject of elec
tions and corresponding with other
American universities for the Lead
ership Institute committee. The
committee will present a round
table discussion of the A.S.S.U.
election system over KSU Thursday
night.
"I realize," Anderson said, "that
Ness is a second-quarter freshman,
but he is interested and has been
working hard."
Gorodn L. Ness, '50. will be put
before the Executive Committee for
appointment as chairman of Elec
tion Board, A.S.S.U. President Mar
tin Anderson announced last night.
Anderson stated that Ness has
been studying the subject of elec
tions and corresponding with other
American universities for the Lead
ership Institute committee. The
committee will present a round
table discussion of the A.S.S.U.
election system over KSU Thursday
night.
"I realize," Anderson said, "that
Ness is a second-quarter freshman,
but he is interested and has been
working hard."
