# MEXICAN TOUR
## 
### 
Students interested in going on the
Educational Tour of Mexico next
summer are requested to see or call
Professor Juan B. Rael as soon as
possible. Professor Rael will be
available in room 24.1 every after
noon this week from two to five, or,
in the evening, can be reached by
telephone at Palo Alto 4081.
Students interested in going on the
Educational Tour of Mexico next
summer are requested to see or call
Professor Juan B. Rael as soon as
possible. Professor Rael will be
available in room 24.1 every after
noon this week from two to five, or,
in the evening, can be reached by
telephone at Palo Alto 4081.
Students interested in going on the
Educational Tour of Mexico next
summer are requested to see or call
Professor Juan B. Rael as soon as
possible. Professor Rael will be
available in room 24.1 every after
noon this week from two to five, or,
in the evening, can be reached by
telephone at Palo Alto 4081.
Students interested in going on the
Educational Tour of Mexico next
summer are requested to see or call
Professor Juan B. Rael as soon as
possible. Professor Rael will be
available in room 24.1 every after
noon this week from two to five, or,
in the evening, can be reached by
telephone at Palo Alto 4081.
Students interested in going on the
Educational Tour of Mexico next
summer are requested to see or call
Professor Juan B. Rael as soon as
possible. Professor Rael will be
available in room 24.1 every after
noon this week from two to five, or,
in the evening, can be reached by
telephone at Palo Alto 4081.
Students interested in going on the
Educational Tour of Mexico next
summer are requested to see or call
Professor Juan B. Rael as soon as
possible. Professor Rael will be
available in room 24.1 every after
noon this week from two to five, or,
in the evening, can be reached by
telephone at Palo Alto 4081.
Students interested in going on the
Educational Tour of Mexico next
summer are requested to see or call
Professor Juan B. Rael as soon as
possible. Professor Rael will be
available in room 24.1 every after
noon this week from two to five, or,
in the evening, can be reached by
telephone at Palo Alto 4081.
Students interested in going on the
Educational Tour of Mexico next
summer are requested to see or call
Professor Juan B. Rael as soon as
possible. Professor Rael will be
available in room 24.1 every after
noon this week from two to five, or,
in the evening, can be reached by
telephone at Palo Alto 4081.
Students interested in going on the
Educational Tour of Mexico next
summer are requested to see or call
Professor Juan B. Rael as soon as
possible. Professor Rael will be
available in room 24.1 every after
noon this week from two to five, or,
in the evening, can be reached by
telephone at Palo Alto 4081.
Students interested in going on the
Educational Tour of Mexico next
summer are requested to see or call
Professor Juan B. Rael as soon as
possible. Professor Rael will be
available in room 24.1 every after
noon this week from two to five, or,
in the evening, can be reached by
telephone at Palo Alto 4081.
Students interested in going on the
Educational Tour of Mexico next
summer are requested to see or call
Professor Juan B. Rael as soon as
possible. Professor Rael will be
available in room 24.1 every after
noon this week from two to five, or,
in the evening, can be reached by
telephone at Palo Alto 4081.
Students interested in going on the
Educational Tour of Mexico next
summer are requested to see or call
Professor Juan B. Rael as soon as
possible. Professor Rael will be
available in room 24.1 every after
noon this week from two to five, or,
in the evening, can be reached by
telephone at Palo Alto 4081.
Students interested in going on the
Educational Tour of Mexico next
summer are requested to see or call
Professor Juan B. Rael as soon as
possible. Professor Rael will be
available in room 24.1 every after
noon this week from two to five, or,
in the evening, can be reached by
telephone at Palo Alto 4081.
Students interested in going on the
Educational Tour of Mexico next
summer are requested to see or call
Professor Juan B. Rael as soon as
possible. Professor Rael will be
available in room 24.1 every after
noon this week from two to five, or,
in the evening, can be reached by
telephone at Palo Alto 4081.
Students interested in going on the
Educational Tour of Mexico next
summer are requested to see or call
Professor Juan B. Rael as soon as
possible. Professor Rael will be
available in room 24.1 every after
noon this week from two to five, or,
in the evening, can be reached by
telephone at Palo Alto 4081.
