# GRADS OPEN AGENCY
## 
### 
Carlos Monsalve, Stanford '36. and
\\ ally Walters, of Palo Alto, have
obtained the Willys agency in Palo
Alto and have recently opened up for
business, combining a super-service
station with their sales agency.
Carlos Monsalve, Stanford '36. and
\\ ally Walters, of Palo Alto, have
obtained the Willys agency in Palo
Alto and have recently opened up for
business, combining a super-service
station with their sales agency.
Carlos Monsalve, Stanford '36. and
\\ ally Walters, of Palo Alto, have
obtained the Willys agency in Palo
Alto and have recently opened up for
business, combining a super-service
station with their sales agency.
Carlos Monsalve, Stanford '36. and
\\ ally Walters, of Palo Alto, have
obtained the Willys agency in Palo
Alto and have recently opened up for
business, combining a super-service
station with their sales agency.
Carlos Monsalve, Stanford '36. and
\\ ally Walters, of Palo Alto, have
obtained the Willys agency in Palo
Alto and have recently opened up for
business, combining a super-service
station with their sales agency.
Carlos Monsalve, Stanford '36. and
\\ ally Walters, of Palo Alto, have
obtained the Willys agency in Palo
Alto and have recently opened up for
business, combining a super-service
station with their sales agency.
Carlos Monsalve, Stanford '36. and
\\ ally Walters, of Palo Alto, have
obtained the Willys agency in Palo
Alto and have recently opened up for
business, combining a super-service
station with their sales agency.
Carlos Monsalve, Stanford '36. and
\\ ally Walters, of Palo Alto, have
obtained the Willys agency in Palo
Alto and have recently opened up for
business, combining a super-service
station with their sales agency.
Carlos Monsalve, Stanford '36. and
\\ ally Walters, of Palo Alto, have
obtained the Willys agency in Palo
Alto and have recently opened up for
business, combining a super-service
station with their sales agency.
Carlos Monsalve, Stanford '36. and
\\ ally Walters, of Palo Alto, have
obtained the Willys agency in Palo
Alto and have recently opened up for
business, combining a super-service
station with their sales agency.
Carlos Monsalve, Stanford '36. and
\\ ally Walters, of Palo Alto, have
obtained the Willys agency in Palo
Alto and have recently opened up for
business, combining a super-service
station with their sales agency.
Carlos Monsalve, Stanford '36. and
\\ ally Walters, of Palo Alto, have
obtained the Willys agency in Palo
Alto and have recently opened up for
business, combining a super-service
station with their sales agency.
Carlos Monsalve, Stanford '36. and
\\ ally Walters, of Palo Alto, have
obtained the Willys agency in Palo
Alto and have recently opened up for
business, combining a super-service
station with their sales agency.
Carlos Monsalve, Stanford '36. and
\\ ally Walters, of Palo Alto, have
obtained the Willys agency in Palo
Alto and have recently opened up for
business, combining a super-service
station with their sales agency.
Carlos Monsalve, Stanford '36. and
\\ ally Walters, of Palo Alto, have
obtained the Willys agency in Palo
Alto and have recently opened up for
business, combining a super-service
station with their sales agency.
