# For Mediterranean Harmony
## 
### 

COUNT GALEAZZO CIANO, Italian Foreign Min'ster and son-in-law of II Dure, signs in Rome the
Anglo-Italian agrement for free access to and movement in the Mediterranean, At right is Sir Eric Drum
mond, British Ambassador, who signed for Great Britain.

COUNT GALEAZZO CIANO, Italian Foreign Min'ster and son-in-law of II Dure, signs in Rome the
Anglo-Italian agrement for free access to and movement in the Mediterranean, At right is Sir Eric Drum
mond, British Ambassador, who signed for Great Britain.

COUNT GALEAZZO CIANO, Italian Foreign Min'ster and son-in-law of II Dure, signs in Rome the
Anglo-Italian agrement for free access to and movement in the Mediterranean, At right is Sir Eric Drum
mond, British Ambassador, who signed for Great Britain.

COUNT GALEAZZO CIANO, Italian Foreign Min'ster and son-in-law of II Dure, signs in Rome the
Anglo-Italian agrement for free access to and movement in the Mediterranean, At right is Sir Eric Drum
mond, British Ambassador, who signed for Great Britain.

COUNT GALEAZZO CIANO, Italian Foreign Min'ster and son-in-law of II Dure, signs in Rome the
Anglo-Italian agrement for free access to and movement in the Mediterranean, At right is Sir Eric Drum
mond, British Ambassador, who signed for Great Britain.

COUNT GALEAZZO CIANO, Italian Foreign Min'ster and son-in-law of II Dure, signs in Rome the
Anglo-Italian agrement for free access to and movement in the Mediterranean, At right is Sir Eric Drum
mond, British Ambassador, who signed for Great Britain.

COUNT GALEAZZO CIANO, Italian Foreign Min'ster and son-in-law of II Dure, signs in Rome the
Anglo-Italian agrement for free access to and movement in the Mediterranean, At right is Sir Eric Drum
mond, British Ambassador, who signed for Great Britain.

COUNT GALEAZZO CIANO, Italian Foreign Min'ster and son-in-law of II Dure, signs in Rome the
Anglo-Italian agrement for free access to and movement in the Mediterranean, At right is Sir Eric Drum
mond, British Ambassador, who signed for Great Britain.

COUNT GALEAZZO CIANO, Italian Foreign Min'ster and son-in-law of II Dure, signs in Rome the
Anglo-Italian agrement for free access to and movement in the Mediterranean, At right is Sir Eric Drum
mond, British Ambassador, who signed for Great Britain.

COUNT GALEAZZO CIANO, Italian Foreign Min'ster and son-in-law of II Dure, signs in Rome the
Anglo-Italian agrement for free access to and movement in the Mediterranean, At right is Sir Eric Drum
mond, British Ambassador, who signed for Great Britain.

COUNT GALEAZZO CIANO, Italian Foreign Min'ster and son-in-law of II Dure, signs in Rome the
Anglo-Italian agrement for free access to and movement in the Mediterranean, At right is Sir Eric Drum
mond, British Ambassador, who signed for Great Britain.

COUNT GALEAZZO CIANO, Italian Foreign Min'ster and son-in-law of II Dure, signs in Rome the
Anglo-Italian agrement for free access to and movement in the Mediterranean, At right is Sir Eric Drum
mond, British Ambassador, who signed for Great Britain.

COUNT GALEAZZO CIANO, Italian Foreign Min'ster and son-in-law of II Dure, signs in Rome the
Anglo-Italian agrement for free access to and movement in the Mediterranean, At right is Sir Eric Drum
mond, British Ambassador, who signed for Great Britain.

COUNT GALEAZZO CIANO, Italian Foreign Min'ster and son-in-law of II Dure, signs in Rome the
Anglo-Italian agrement for free access to and movement in the Mediterranean, At right is Sir Eric Drum
mond, British Ambassador, who signed for Great Britain.

COUNT GALEAZZO CIANO, Italian Foreign Min'ster and son-in-law of II Dure, signs in Rome the
Anglo-Italian agrement for free access to and movement in the Mediterranean, At right is Sir Eric Drum
mond, British Ambassador, who signed for Great Britain.
