# TV Producer Talks Tonight
## 
### 
“Television Inside Out” is the
subject of TV producer Robert
Saudek’s speech tonight at 7:45
in Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Saudek is producer of Omnibus
and Composer Leonard Bern
stein’s shows with the New York
Philharmonic Orchestra.
He started in radio at KDKA,
Pittsburgh, one of the nation’s
pioneer stations, after he was
graduated from Harvard in 1932
and had studied law at Duquesne
University.
He has worked as an executive
for both NBC and ABC. In 1951
he became director of the Ford
Foundation TV Workshop and
subsequently founded the firm he
now heads, Robert Saudek Asso
ciates, which produces TV shows.
