# Reps to Discuss Federal Careers
## 
### 
The fourth annual Federal Ca
reer Day takes place tomorrow
at the Placement Office. Encina
Hall, from 9 to 4. Fifteen special
ists representing many Federal
agencies will be on hand to inter
view and counsel students on em
ployment opportunities. No ap
pointment is necessary.

The purpose of the Career Day
program is to furnish informa
tion on the wide range of careers
available rather than to conduct
actual recruiting. Highly quali
fied. career-minded persons are
in demand by the Government,
according to Ray Glover, assis
tant personnel officer at the VA
Regional Office, who is chairman
of the event. Undergraduates as
well as seniors and graduate stu
dents are welcome to attend.
