# NEWS BRIEFS
## Freshman is guest of First Lady at Union Address 
### DAILY NEWS STAFF 
During President Obama's State of
the Union Address, one Stanford fresh
man was among the 27 specially invited
guests to sit near First Lady Michelle
Obama.
Gabriela Farfan 'l3, a National
Hispanic Scholar originally from
Madison, Wis., was among the youngest
guests seated near Mrs. Obama on
Wednesday night. Farfan is currently
pursuing a degree in geology and has
spent long hours researching gem
stones, earning her "one of the top
awards in the Intel Science Talent
Search," according to a White House
press release from the Office of the
Press Secretary.
Granted an independent research
scholarship, Farfan researched "why
certain gemstones appear to change
color when viewed from different
angles a finding that directly affects
the gemstone industry and may have
applications in the nano and materials
sciences," continued the press release,
Farfan could not be reached for
comment.
During President Obama's State of
the Union Address, one Stanford fresh
man was among the 27 specially invited
guests to sit near First Lady Michelle
Obama.
Gabriela Farfan 'l3, a National
Hispanic Scholar originally from
Madison, Wis., was among the youngest
guests seated near Mrs. Obama on
Wednesday night. Farfan is currently
pursuing a degree in geology and has
spent long hours researching gem
stones, earning her "one of the top
awards in the Intel Science Talent
Search," according to a White House
press release from the Office of the
Press Secretary.
Granted an independent research
scholarship, Farfan researched "why
certain gemstones appear to change
color when viewed from different
angles a finding that directly affects
the gemstone industry and may have
applications in the nano and materials
sciences," continued the press release,
Farfan could not be reached for
comment.
During President Obama's State of
the Union Address, one Stanford fresh
man was among the 27 specially invited
guests to sit near First Lady Michelle
Obama.
Gabriela Farfan 'l3, a National
Hispanic Scholar originally from
Madison, Wis., was among the youngest
guests seated near Mrs. Obama on
Wednesday night. Farfan is currently
pursuing a degree in geology and has
spent long hours researching gem
stones, earning her "one of the top
awards in the Intel Science Talent
Search," according to a White House
press release from the Office of the
Press Secretary.
Granted an independent research
scholarship, Farfan researched "why
certain gemstones appear to change
color when viewed from different
angles a finding that directly affects
the gemstone industry and may have
applications in the nano and materials
sciences," continued the press release,
Farfan could not be reached for
comment.
During President Obama's State of
the Union Address, one Stanford fresh
man was among the 27 specially invited
guests to sit near First Lady Michelle
Obama.
Gabriela Farfan 'l3, a National
Hispanic Scholar originally from
Madison, Wis., was among the youngest
guests seated near Mrs. Obama on
Wednesday night. Farfan is currently
pursuing a degree in geology and has
spent long hours researching gem
stones, earning her "one of the top
awards in the Intel Science Talent
Search," according to a White House
press release from the Office of the
Press Secretary.
Granted an independent research
scholarship, Farfan researched "why
certain gemstones appear to change
color when viewed from different
angles a finding that directly affects
the gemstone industry and may have
applications in the nano and materials
sciences," continued the press release,
Farfan could not be reached for
comment.
During President Obama's State of
the Union Address, one Stanford fresh
man was among the 27 specially invited
guests to sit near First Lady Michelle
Obama.
Gabriela Farfan 'l3, a National
Hispanic Scholar originally from
Madison, Wis., was among the youngest
guests seated near Mrs. Obama on
Wednesday night. Farfan is currently
pursuing a degree in geology and has
spent long hours researching gem
stones, earning her "one of the top
awards in the Intel Science Talent
Search," according to a White House
press release from the Office of the
Press Secretary.
Granted an independent research
scholarship, Farfan researched "why
certain gemstones appear to change
color when viewed from different
angles a finding that directly affects
the gemstone industry and may have
applications in the nano and materials
sciences," continued the press release,
Farfan could not be reached for
comment.
During President Obama's State of
the Union Address, one Stanford fresh
man was among the 27 specially invited
guests to sit near First Lady Michelle
Obama.
Gabriela Farfan 'l3, a National
Hispanic Scholar originally from
Madison, Wis., was among the youngest
guests seated near Mrs. Obama on
Wednesday night. Farfan is currently
pursuing a degree in geology and has
spent long hours researching gem
stones, earning her "one of the top
awards in the Intel Science Talent
Search," according to a White House
press release from the Office of the
Press Secretary.
Granted an independent research
scholarship, Farfan researched "why
certain gemstones appear to change
color when viewed from different
angles a finding that directly affects
the gemstone industry and may have
applications in the nano and materials
sciences," continued the press release,
Farfan could not be reached for
comment.
