# Post Awarded Miss Doyle
## 
### 
Miss Anastasia Doyle, director of
residences at Stanford University,
has been appointed to the National
Committee of Housing and Univer
sity Officers, according to an an
nouncement today by Stanford Pres
ident Wallace Sterling.
Miss Doyle was named to the com
mittee along with housing repre
sentatives from the universities of
Illinois, Texas, Michigan, lowa State,
and Cornell. They will meet at in
tervals during the year in Washing
ton, D.C. to advise the head of the
Federal Housing and Home Finance
Agency regarding its col lege housing
program.
Congress recently approved legis
lation making $.'JOO million in fed
eral funds available for loans to con
struct permanent residence halls at
public and private universities and
colleges throughout the country. Ad
ministration of the funds is in the
hands of the Agency.


ANASTASIA DOYLE
—Awarded New Post
Miss Anastasia Doyle, director of
residences at Stanford University,
has been appointed to the National
Committee of Housing and Univer
sity Officers, according to an an
nouncement today by Stanford Pres
ident Wallace Sterling.
Miss Doyle was named to the com
mittee along with housing repre
sentatives from the universities of
Illinois, Texas, Michigan, lowa State,
and Cornell. They will meet at in
tervals during the year in Washing
ton, D.C. to advise the head of the
Federal Housing and Home Finance
Agency regarding its col lege housing
program.
Congress recently approved legis
lation making $.'JOO million in fed
eral funds available for loans to con
struct permanent residence halls at
public and private universities and
colleges throughout the country. Ad
ministration of the funds is in the
hands of the Agency.


ANASTASIA DOYLE
—Awarded New Post
Miss Anastasia Doyle, director of
residences at Stanford University,
has been appointed to the National
Committee of Housing and Univer
sity Officers, according to an an
nouncement today by Stanford Pres
ident Wallace Sterling.
Miss Doyle was named to the com
mittee along with housing repre
sentatives from the universities of
Illinois, Texas, Michigan, lowa State,
and Cornell. They will meet at in
tervals during the year in Washing
ton, D.C. to advise the head of the
Federal Housing and Home Finance
Agency regarding its col lege housing
program.
Congress recently approved legis
lation making $.'JOO million in fed
eral funds available for loans to con
struct permanent residence halls at
public and private universities and
colleges throughout the country. Ad
ministration of the funds is in the
hands of the Agency.


ANASTASIA DOYLE
—Awarded New Post
Miss Anastasia Doyle, director of
residences at Stanford University,
has been appointed to the National
Committee of Housing and Univer
sity Officers, according to an an
nouncement today by Stanford Pres
ident Wallace Sterling.
Miss Doyle was named to the com
mittee along with housing repre
sentatives from the universities of
Illinois, Texas, Michigan, lowa State,
and Cornell. They will meet at in
tervals during the year in Washing
ton, D.C. to advise the head of the
Federal Housing and Home Finance
Agency regarding its col lege housing
program.
Congress recently approved legis
lation making $.'JOO million in fed
eral funds available for loans to con
struct permanent residence halls at
public and private universities and
colleges throughout the country. Ad
ministration of the funds is in the
hands of the Agency.


ANASTASIA DOYLE
—Awarded New Post
Miss Anastasia Doyle, director of
residences at Stanford University,
has been appointed to the National
Committee of Housing and Univer
sity Officers, according to an an
nouncement today by Stanford Pres
ident Wallace Sterling.
Miss Doyle was named to the com
mittee along with housing repre
sentatives from the universities of
Illinois, Texas, Michigan, lowa State,
and Cornell. They will meet at in
tervals during the year in Washing
ton, D.C. to advise the head of the
Federal Housing and Home Finance
Agency regarding its col lege housing
program.
Congress recently approved legis
lation making $.'JOO million in fed
eral funds available for loans to con
struct permanent residence halls at
public and private universities and
colleges throughout the country. Ad
ministration of the funds is in the
hands of the Agency.


ANASTASIA DOYLE
—Awarded New Post
Miss Anastasia Doyle, director of
residences at Stanford University,
has been appointed to the National
Committee of Housing and Univer
sity Officers, according to an an
nouncement today by Stanford Pres
ident Wallace Sterling.
Miss Doyle was named to the com
mittee along with housing repre
sentatives from the universities of
Illinois, Texas, Michigan, lowa State,
and Cornell. They will meet at in
tervals during the year in Washing
ton, D.C. to advise the head of the
Federal Housing and Home Finance
Agency regarding its col lege housing
program.
Congress recently approved legis
lation making $.'JOO million in fed
eral funds available for loans to con
struct permanent residence halls at
public and private universities and
colleges throughout the country. Ad
ministration of the funds is in the
hands of the Agency.


ANASTASIA DOYLE
—Awarded New Post
Miss Anastasia Doyle, director of
residences at Stanford University,
has been appointed to the National
Committee of Housing and Univer
sity Officers, according to an an
nouncement today by Stanford Pres
ident Wallace Sterling.
Miss Doyle was named to the com
mittee along with housing repre
sentatives from the universities of
Illinois, Texas, Michigan, lowa State,
and Cornell. They will meet at in
tervals during the year in Washing
ton, D.C. to advise the head of the
Federal Housing and Home Finance
Agency regarding its col lege housing
program.
Congress recently approved legis
lation making $.'JOO million in fed
eral funds available for loans to con
struct permanent residence halls at
public and private universities and
colleges throughout the country. Ad
ministration of the funds is in the
hands of the Agency.


ANASTASIA DOYLE
—Awarded New Post
Miss Anastasia Doyle, director of
residences at Stanford University,
has been appointed to the National
Committee of Housing and Univer
sity Officers, according to an an
nouncement today by Stanford Pres
ident Wallace Sterling.
Miss Doyle was named to the com
mittee along with housing repre
sentatives from the universities of
Illinois, Texas, Michigan, lowa State,
and Cornell. They will meet at in
tervals during the year in Washing
ton, D.C. to advise the head of the
Federal Housing and Home Finance
Agency regarding its col lege housing
program.
Congress recently approved legis
lation making $.'JOO million in fed
eral funds available for loans to con
struct permanent residence halls at
public and private universities and
colleges throughout the country. Ad
ministration of the funds is in the
hands of the Agency.


ANASTASIA DOYLE
—Awarded New Post
Miss Anastasia Doyle, director of
residences at Stanford University,
has been appointed to the National
Committee of Housing and Univer
sity Officers, according to an an
nouncement today by Stanford Pres
ident Wallace Sterling.
Miss Doyle was named to the com
mittee along with housing repre
sentatives from the universities of
Illinois, Texas, Michigan, lowa State,
and Cornell. They will meet at in
tervals during the year in Washing
ton, D.C. to advise the head of the
Federal Housing and Home Finance
Agency regarding its col lege housing
program.
Congress recently approved legis
lation making $.'JOO million in fed
eral funds available for loans to con
struct permanent residence halls at
public and private universities and
colleges throughout the country. Ad
ministration of the funds is in the
hands of the Agency.


ANASTASIA DOYLE
—Awarded New Post
Miss Anastasia Doyle, director of
residences at Stanford University,
has been appointed to the National
Committee of Housing and Univer
sity Officers, according to an an
nouncement today by Stanford Pres
ident Wallace Sterling.
Miss Doyle was named to the com
mittee along with housing repre
sentatives from the universities of
Illinois, Texas, Michigan, lowa State,
and Cornell. They will meet at in
tervals during the year in Washing
ton, D.C. to advise the head of the
Federal Housing and Home Finance
Agency regarding its col lege housing
program.
Congress recently approved legis
lation making $.'JOO million in fed
eral funds available for loans to con
struct permanent residence halls at
public and private universities and
colleges throughout the country. Ad
ministration of the funds is in the
hands of the Agency.


ANASTASIA DOYLE
—Awarded New Post
Miss Anastasia Doyle, director of
residences at Stanford University,
has been appointed to the National
Committee of Housing and Univer
sity Officers, according to an an
nouncement today by Stanford Pres
ident Wallace Sterling.
Miss Doyle was named to the com
mittee along with housing repre
sentatives from the universities of
Illinois, Texas, Michigan, lowa State,
and Cornell. They will meet at in
tervals during the year in Washing
ton, D.C. to advise the head of the
Federal Housing and Home Finance
Agency regarding its col lege housing
program.
Congress recently approved legis
lation making $.'JOO million in fed
eral funds available for loans to con
struct permanent residence halls at
public and private universities and
colleges throughout the country. Ad
ministration of the funds is in the
hands of the Agency.


ANASTASIA DOYLE
—Awarded New Post
Miss Anastasia Doyle, director of
residences at Stanford University,
has been appointed to the National
Committee of Housing and Univer
sity Officers, according to an an
nouncement today by Stanford Pres
ident Wallace Sterling.
Miss Doyle was named to the com
mittee along with housing repre
sentatives from the universities of
Illinois, Texas, Michigan, lowa State,
and Cornell. They will meet at in
tervals during the year in Washing
ton, D.C. to advise the head of the
Federal Housing and Home Finance
Agency regarding its col lege housing
program.
Congress recently approved legis
lation making $.'JOO million in fed
eral funds available for loans to con
struct permanent residence halls at
public and private universities and
colleges throughout the country. Ad
ministration of the funds is in the
hands of the Agency.


ANASTASIA DOYLE
—Awarded New Post
Miss Anastasia Doyle, director of
residences at Stanford University,
has been appointed to the National
Committee of Housing and Univer
sity Officers, according to an an
nouncement today by Stanford Pres
ident Wallace Sterling.
Miss Doyle was named to the com
mittee along with housing repre
sentatives from the universities of
Illinois, Texas, Michigan, lowa State,
and Cornell. They will meet at in
tervals during the year in Washing
ton, D.C. to advise the head of the
Federal Housing and Home Finance
Agency regarding its col lege housing
program.
Congress recently approved legis
lation making $.'JOO million in fed
eral funds available for loans to con
struct permanent residence halls at
public and private universities and
colleges throughout the country. Ad
ministration of the funds is in the
hands of the Agency.


ANASTASIA DOYLE
—Awarded New Post
Miss Anastasia Doyle, director of
residences at Stanford University,
has been appointed to the National
Committee of Housing and Univer
sity Officers, according to an an
nouncement today by Stanford Pres
ident Wallace Sterling.
Miss Doyle was named to the com
mittee along with housing repre
sentatives from the universities of
Illinois, Texas, Michigan, lowa State,
and Cornell. They will meet at in
tervals during the year in Washing
ton, D.C. to advise the head of the
Federal Housing and Home Finance
Agency regarding its col lege housing
program.
Congress recently approved legis
lation making $.'JOO million in fed
eral funds available for loans to con
struct permanent residence halls at
public and private universities and
colleges throughout the country. Ad
ministration of the funds is in the
hands of the Agency.


ANASTASIA DOYLE
—Awarded New Post
Miss Anastasia Doyle, director of
residences at Stanford University,
has been appointed to the National
Committee of Housing and Univer
sity Officers, according to an an
nouncement today by Stanford Pres
ident Wallace Sterling.
Miss Doyle was named to the com
mittee along with housing repre
sentatives from the universities of
Illinois, Texas, Michigan, lowa State,
and Cornell. They will meet at in
tervals during the year in Washing
ton, D.C. to advise the head of the
Federal Housing and Home Finance
Agency regarding its col lege housing
program.
Congress recently approved legis
lation making $.'JOO million in fed
eral funds available for loans to con
struct permanent residence halls at
public and private universities and
colleges throughout the country. Ad
ministration of the funds is in the
hands of the Agency.


ANASTASIA DOYLE
—Awarded New Post
Miss Anastasia Doyle, director of
residences at Stanford University,
has been appointed to the National
Committee of Housing and Univer
sity Officers, according to an an
nouncement today by Stanford Pres
ident Wallace Sterling.
Miss Doyle was named to the com
mittee along with housing repre
sentatives from the universities of
Illinois, Texas, Michigan, lowa State,
and Cornell. They will meet at in
tervals during the year in Washing
ton, D.C. to advise the head of the
Federal Housing and Home Finance
Agency regarding its col lege housing
program.
Congress recently approved legis
lation making $.'JOO million in fed
eral funds available for loans to con
struct permanent residence halls at
public and private universities and
colleges throughout the country. Ad
ministration of the funds is in the
hands of the Agency.


ANASTASIA DOYLE
—Awarded New Post
