# Korea GI Bill Vets Must See Co-ordinator
## 
### 
Veterans who arc eligible for
educational benefits provided by
the Korean (II Bill (Public Law
550) and who plan to initiate those
benefits at Stanford arc asked to
see Walter J. Findeisen, veterans'
co-ordinator, immediately follow
ing the registration period today.
The co-ordinatr.v's office is in
Building 100, Inner Quad.
Veterans who arc eligible for
educational benefits provided by
the Korean (II Bill (Public Law
550) and who plan to initiate those
benefits at Stanford arc asked to
see Walter J. Findeisen, veterans'
co-ordinator, immediately follow
ing the registration period today.
The co-ordinatr.v's office is in
Building 100, Inner Quad.
Veterans who arc eligible for
educational benefits provided by
the Korean (II Bill (Public Law
550) and who plan to initiate those
benefits at Stanford arc asked to
see Walter J. Findeisen, veterans'
co-ordinator, immediately follow
ing the registration period today.
The co-ordinatr.v's office is in
Building 100, Inner Quad.
Veterans who arc eligible for
educational benefits provided by
the Korean (II Bill (Public Law
550) and who plan to initiate those
benefits at Stanford arc asked to
see Walter J. Findeisen, veterans'
co-ordinator, immediately follow
ing the registration period today.
The co-ordinatr.v's office is in
Building 100, Inner Quad.
Veterans who arc eligible for
educational benefits provided by
the Korean (II Bill (Public Law
550) and who plan to initiate those
benefits at Stanford arc asked to
see Walter J. Findeisen, veterans'
co-ordinator, immediately follow
ing the registration period today.
The co-ordinatr.v's office is in
Building 100, Inner Quad.
Veterans who arc eligible for
educational benefits provided by
the Korean (II Bill (Public Law
550) and who plan to initiate those
benefits at Stanford arc asked to
see Walter J. Findeisen, veterans'
co-ordinator, immediately follow
ing the registration period today.
The co-ordinatr.v's office is in
Building 100, Inner Quad.
Veterans who arc eligible for
educational benefits provided by
the Korean (II Bill (Public Law
550) and who plan to initiate those
benefits at Stanford arc asked to
see Walter J. Findeisen, veterans'
co-ordinator, immediately follow
ing the registration period today.
The co-ordinatr.v's office is in
Building 100, Inner Quad.
Veterans who arc eligible for
educational benefits provided by
the Korean (II Bill (Public Law
550) and who plan to initiate those
benefits at Stanford arc asked to
see Walter J. Findeisen, veterans'
co-ordinator, immediately follow
ing the registration period today.
The co-ordinatr.v's office is in
Building 100, Inner Quad.
Veterans who arc eligible for
educational benefits provided by
the Korean (II Bill (Public Law
550) and who plan to initiate those
benefits at Stanford arc asked to
see Walter J. Findeisen, veterans'
co-ordinator, immediately follow
ing the registration period today.
The co-ordinatr.v's office is in
Building 100, Inner Quad.
Veterans who arc eligible for
educational benefits provided by
the Korean (II Bill (Public Law
550) and who plan to initiate those
benefits at Stanford arc asked to
see Walter J. Findeisen, veterans'
co-ordinator, immediately follow
ing the registration period today.
The co-ordinatr.v's office is in
Building 100, Inner Quad.
Veterans who arc eligible for
educational benefits provided by
the Korean (II Bill (Public Law
550) and who plan to initiate those
benefits at Stanford arc asked to
see Walter J. Findeisen, veterans'
co-ordinator, immediately follow
ing the registration period today.
The co-ordinatr.v's office is in
Building 100, Inner Quad.
Veterans who arc eligible for
educational benefits provided by
the Korean (II Bill (Public Law
550) and who plan to initiate those
benefits at Stanford arc asked to
see Walter J. Findeisen, veterans'
co-ordinator, immediately follow
ing the registration period today.
The co-ordinatr.v's office is in
Building 100, Inner Quad.
Veterans who arc eligible for
educational benefits provided by
the Korean (II Bill (Public Law
550) and who plan to initiate those
benefits at Stanford arc asked to
see Walter J. Findeisen, veterans'
co-ordinator, immediately follow
ing the registration period today.
The co-ordinatr.v's office is in
Building 100, Inner Quad.
Veterans who arc eligible for
educational benefits provided by
the Korean (II Bill (Public Law
550) and who plan to initiate those
benefits at Stanford arc asked to
see Walter J. Findeisen, veterans'
co-ordinator, immediately follow
ing the registration period today.
The co-ordinatr.v's office is in
Building 100, Inner Quad.
Veterans who arc eligible for
educational benefits provided by
the Korean (II Bill (Public Law
550) and who plan to initiate those
benefits at Stanford arc asked to
see Walter J. Findeisen, veterans'
co-ordinator, immediately follow
ing the registration period today.
The co-ordinatr.v's office is in
Building 100, Inner Quad.
Veterans who arc eligible for
educational benefits provided by
the Korean (II Bill (Public Law
550) and who plan to initiate those
benefits at Stanford arc asked to
see Walter J. Findeisen, veterans'
co-ordinator, immediately follow
ing the registration period today.
The co-ordinatr.v's office is in
Building 100, Inner Quad.
