# Crossword
## 
### 
ACROSS
1 Poker Flat
chronicler Harte
5 Syrup brand
9 Scatter
14 Plane opening?
15 Farsi-speaking
republic
16 Sports venue
17 Where sea meets
sand
19 Like most attics
20 Mob enforcer
21 Gp. concerned
with fluoride
safety
23 Links elevator?
24 Old Great Lakes
natives
25 Behind-the
scenes worker
28 Christmas mo.
29 Water
temperature
gauge?
31 Pro vote
32 USPS carrier's
assignment
33 Words of
sympathy
35 Potato cutter
37 Light controller—
either of its first
two words can
precede either
part of 17-, 25-,
51-and 61-
Across
40 Flora eaters,
perhaps
42 Brief and
forceful
43 Pilot's no.
44 Toothed tool
47 Unused
48 Rock guitarist's
aid
51 Distract
54 Spring time
56 Place for a pint
57 Place for a cup
58 Anatomical ring
59 Steppes native
61 Sentry's job
63 Carrying a lot of
weight
64 Cold capital?
65 Largest
continent
66 Used hip boots
67 Feat
68 Winemaking
waste

DOWN
1 Lambasted
2 Put to work again
3 Titillating
4 Singer with the
Mel-Tones
5 Brick baker
6 George W.'s first
press secretary
7 Attacked with
clubs and such
8 In the future
9 Glum
10 Liar's undoing
11 Fact-finding
process
12 Understanding
between nations
13 Method
18 It stretches from
Maine to Florida
22 Make better, as
Cheddar
25 Lord's laborer
26 Falling object's
direction
2 Spiegel:
German
magazine
30 Stumblebum
33 Roadside rest
stop
34 Clairvoyance,
briefly

36 Like many a slick
road
37 Passe
38 Lash flash?
39 Suffix with cord
40 Scale fourths
41 Fictional Arabic
woodcutter
45 Wall St. hedger
46 Ares or Mars
48 Stimulate
49 Uncle : Berle
nickname

50 Western dry
lakes
52 How to turn
something into
nothing?
53 Effect's partner
55 Go by bike
58 Youngest to
reach 500 HRs
59 Auto club offering
60 What mad people
see?
62 Pint contents

By Jerome Gunderson 4/12/11

Monday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 4/12/11


ACROSS
1 Poker Flat
chronicler Harte
5 Syrup brand
9 Scatter
14 Plane opening?
15 Farsi-speaking
republic
16 Sports venue
17 Where sea meets
sand
19 Like most attics
20 Mob enforcer
21 Gp. concerned
with fluoride
safety
23 Links elevator?
24 Old Great Lakes
natives
25 Behind-the
scenes worker
28 Christmas mo.
29 Water
temperature
gauge?
31 Pro vote
32 USPS carrier's
assignment
33 Words of
sympathy
35 Potato cutter
37 Light controller—
either of its first
two words can
precede either
part of 17-, 25-,
51-and 61-
Across
40 Flora eaters,
perhaps
42 Brief and
forceful
43 Pilot's no.
44 Toothed tool
47 Unused
48 Rock guitarist's
aid
51 Distract
54 Spring time
56 Place for a pint
57 Place for a cup
58 Anatomical ring
59 Steppes native
61 Sentry's job
63 Carrying a lot of
weight
64 Cold capital?
65 Largest
continent
66 Used hip boots
67 Feat
68 Winemaking
waste

DOWN
1 Lambasted
2 Put to work again
3 Titillating
4 Singer with the
Mel-Tones
5 Brick baker
6 George W.'s first
press secretary
7 Attacked with
clubs and such
8 In the future
9 Glum
10 Liar's undoing
11 Fact-finding
process
12 Understanding
between nations
13 Method
18 It stretches from
Maine to Florida
22 Make better, as
Cheddar
25 Lord's laborer
26 Falling object's
direction
2 Spiegel:
German
magazine
30 Stumblebum
33 Roadside rest
stop
34 Clairvoyance,
briefly

36 Like many a slick
road
37 Passe
38 Lash flash?
39 Suffix with cord
40 Scale fourths
41 Fictional Arabic
woodcutter
45 Wall St. hedger
46 Ares or Mars
48 Stimulate
49 Uncle : Berle
nickname

50 Western dry
lakes
52 How to turn
something into
nothing?
53 Effect's partner
55 Go by bike
58 Youngest to
reach 500 HRs
59 Auto club offering
60 What mad people
see?
62 Pint contents

By Jerome Gunderson 4/12/11

Monday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 4/12/11


ACROSS
1 Poker Flat
chronicler Harte
5 Syrup brand
9 Scatter
14 Plane opening?
15 Farsi-speaking
republic
16 Sports venue
17 Where sea meets
sand
19 Like most attics
20 Mob enforcer
21 Gp. concerned
with fluoride
safety
23 Links elevator?
24 Old Great Lakes
natives
25 Behind-the
scenes worker
28 Christmas mo.
29 Water
temperature
gauge?
31 Pro vote
32 USPS carrier's
assignment
33 Words of
sympathy
35 Potato cutter
37 Light controller—
either of its first
two words can
precede either
part of 17-, 25-,
51-and 61-
Across
40 Flora eaters,
perhaps
42 Brief and
forceful
43 Pilot's no.
44 Toothed tool
47 Unused
48 Rock guitarist's
aid
51 Distract
54 Spring time
56 Place for a pint
57 Place for a cup
58 Anatomical ring
59 Steppes native
61 Sentry's job
63 Carrying a lot of
weight
64 Cold capital?
65 Largest
continent
66 Used hip boots
67 Feat
68 Winemaking
waste

DOWN
1 Lambasted
2 Put to work again
3 Titillating
4 Singer with the
Mel-Tones
5 Brick baker
6 George W.'s first
press secretary
7 Attacked with
clubs and such
8 In the future
9 Glum
10 Liar's undoing
11 Fact-finding
process
12 Understanding
between nations
13 Method
18 It stretches from
Maine to Florida
22 Make better, as
Cheddar
25 Lord's laborer
26 Falling object's
direction
2 Spiegel:
German
magazine
30 Stumblebum
33 Roadside rest
stop
34 Clairvoyance,
briefly

36 Like many a slick
road
37 Passe
38 Lash flash?
39 Suffix with cord
40 Scale fourths
41 Fictional Arabic
woodcutter
45 Wall St. hedger
46 Ares or Mars
48 Stimulate
49 Uncle : Berle
nickname

50 Western dry
lakes
52 How to turn
something into
nothing?
53 Effect's partner
55 Go by bike
58 Youngest to
reach 500 HRs
59 Auto club offering
60 What mad people
see?
62 Pint contents

By Jerome Gunderson 4/12/11

Monday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 4/12/11


ACROSS
1 Poker Flat
chronicler Harte
5 Syrup brand
9 Scatter
14 Plane opening?
15 Farsi-speaking
republic
16 Sports venue
17 Where sea meets
sand
19 Like most attics
20 Mob enforcer
21 Gp. concerned
with fluoride
safety
23 Links elevator?
24 Old Great Lakes
natives
25 Behind-the
scenes worker
28 Christmas mo.
29 Water
temperature
gauge?
31 Pro vote
32 USPS carrier's
assignment
33 Words of
sympathy
35 Potato cutter
37 Light controller—
either of its first
two words can
precede either
part of 17-, 25-,
51-and 61-
Across
40 Flora eaters,
perhaps
42 Brief and
forceful
43 Pilot's no.
44 Toothed tool
47 Unused
48 Rock guitarist's
aid
51 Distract
54 Spring time
56 Place for a pint
57 Place for a cup
58 Anatomical ring
59 Steppes native
61 Sentry's job
63 Carrying a lot of
weight
64 Cold capital?
65 Largest
continent
66 Used hip boots
67 Feat
68 Winemaking
waste

DOWN
1 Lambasted
2 Put to work again
3 Titillating
4 Singer with the
Mel-Tones
5 Brick baker
6 George W.'s first
press secretary
7 Attacked with
clubs and such
8 In the future
9 Glum
10 Liar's undoing
11 Fact-finding
process
12 Understanding
between nations
13 Method
18 It stretches from
Maine to Florida
22 Make better, as
Cheddar
25 Lord's laborer
26 Falling object's
direction
2 Spiegel:
German
magazine
30 Stumblebum
33 Roadside rest
stop
34 Clairvoyance,
briefly

36 Like many a slick
road
37 Passe
38 Lash flash?
39 Suffix with cord
40 Scale fourths
41 Fictional Arabic
woodcutter
45 Wall St. hedger
46 Ares or Mars
48 Stimulate
49 Uncle : Berle
nickname

50 Western dry
lakes
52 How to turn
something into
nothing?
53 Effect's partner
55 Go by bike
58 Youngest to
reach 500 HRs
59 Auto club offering
60 What mad people
see?
62 Pint contents

By Jerome Gunderson 4/12/11

Monday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 4/12/11


ACROSS
1 Poker Flat
chronicler Harte
5 Syrup brand
9 Scatter
14 Plane opening?
15 Farsi-speaking
republic
16 Sports venue
17 Where sea meets
sand
19 Like most attics
20 Mob enforcer
21 Gp. concerned
with fluoride
safety
23 Links elevator?
24 Old Great Lakes
natives
25 Behind-the
scenes worker
28 Christmas mo.
29 Water
temperature
gauge?
31 Pro vote
32 USPS carrier's
assignment
33 Words of
sympathy
35 Potato cutter
37 Light controller—
either of its first
two words can
precede either
part of 17-, 25-,
51-and 61-
Across
40 Flora eaters,
perhaps
42 Brief and
forceful
43 Pilot's no.
44 Toothed tool
47 Unused
48 Rock guitarist's
aid
51 Distract
54 Spring time
56 Place for a pint
57 Place for a cup
58 Anatomical ring
59 Steppes native
61 Sentry's job
63 Carrying a lot of
weight
64 Cold capital?
65 Largest
continent
66 Used hip boots
67 Feat
68 Winemaking
waste

DOWN
1 Lambasted
2 Put to work again
3 Titillating
4 Singer with the
Mel-Tones
5 Brick baker
6 George W.'s first
press secretary
7 Attacked with
clubs and such
8 In the future
9 Glum
10 Liar's undoing
11 Fact-finding
process
12 Understanding
between nations
13 Method
18 It stretches from
Maine to Florida
22 Make better, as
Cheddar
25 Lord's laborer
26 Falling object's
direction
2 Spiegel:
German
magazine
30 Stumblebum
33 Roadside rest
stop
34 Clairvoyance,
briefly

36 Like many a slick
road
37 Passe
38 Lash flash?
39 Suffix with cord
40 Scale fourths
41 Fictional Arabic
woodcutter
45 Wall St. hedger
46 Ares or Mars
48 Stimulate
49 Uncle : Berle
nickname

50 Western dry
lakes
52 How to turn
something into
nothing?
53 Effect's partner
55 Go by bike
58 Youngest to
reach 500 HRs
59 Auto club offering
60 What mad people
see?
62 Pint contents

By Jerome Gunderson 4/12/11

Monday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 4/12/11


ACROSS
1 Poker Flat
chronicler Harte
5 Syrup brand
9 Scatter
14 Plane opening?
15 Farsi-speaking
republic
16 Sports venue
17 Where sea meets
sand
19 Like most attics
20 Mob enforcer
21 Gp. concerned
with fluoride
safety
23 Links elevator?
24 Old Great Lakes
natives
25 Behind-the
scenes worker
28 Christmas mo.
29 Water
temperature
gauge?
31 Pro vote
32 USPS carrier's
assignment
33 Words of
sympathy
35 Potato cutter
37 Light controller—
either of its first
two words can
precede either
part of 17-, 25-,
51-and 61-
Across
40 Flora eaters,
perhaps
42 Brief and
forceful
43 Pilot's no.
44 Toothed tool
47 Unused
48 Rock guitarist's
aid
51 Distract
54 Spring time
56 Place for a pint
57 Place for a cup
58 Anatomical ring
59 Steppes native
61 Sentry's job
63 Carrying a lot of
weight
64 Cold capital?
65 Largest
continent
66 Used hip boots
67 Feat
68 Winemaking
waste

DOWN
1 Lambasted
2 Put to work again
3 Titillating
4 Singer with the
Mel-Tones
5 Brick baker
6 George W.'s first
press secretary
7 Attacked with
clubs and such
8 In the future
9 Glum
10 Liar's undoing
11 Fact-finding
process
12 Understanding
between nations
13 Method
18 It stretches from
Maine to Florida
22 Make better, as
Cheddar
25 Lord's laborer
26 Falling object's
direction
2 Spiegel:
German
magazine
30 Stumblebum
33 Roadside rest
stop
34 Clairvoyance,
briefly

36 Like many a slick
road
37 Passe
38 Lash flash?
39 Suffix with cord
40 Scale fourths
41 Fictional Arabic
woodcutter
45 Wall St. hedger
46 Ares or Mars
48 Stimulate
49 Uncle : Berle
nickname

50 Western dry
lakes
52 How to turn
something into
nothing?
53 Effect's partner
55 Go by bike
58 Youngest to
reach 500 HRs
59 Auto club offering
60 What mad people
see?
62 Pint contents

By Jerome Gunderson 4/12/11

Monday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 4/12/11


ACROSS
1 Poker Flat
chronicler Harte
5 Syrup brand
9 Scatter
14 Plane opening?
15 Farsi-speaking
republic
16 Sports venue
17 Where sea meets
sand
19 Like most attics
20 Mob enforcer
21 Gp. concerned
with fluoride
safety
23 Links elevator?
24 Old Great Lakes
natives
25 Behind-the
scenes worker
28 Christmas mo.
29 Water
temperature
gauge?
31 Pro vote
32 USPS carrier's
assignment
33 Words of
sympathy
35 Potato cutter
37 Light controller—
either of its first
two words can
precede either
part of 17-, 25-,
51-and 61-
Across
40 Flora eaters,
perhaps
42 Brief and
forceful
43 Pilot's no.
44 Toothed tool
47 Unused
48 Rock guitarist's
aid
51 Distract
54 Spring time
56 Place for a pint
57 Place for a cup
58 Anatomical ring
59 Steppes native
61 Sentry's job
63 Carrying a lot of
weight
64 Cold capital?
65 Largest
continent
66 Used hip boots
67 Feat
68 Winemaking
waste

DOWN
1 Lambasted
2 Put to work again
3 Titillating
4 Singer with the
Mel-Tones
5 Brick baker
6 George W.'s first
press secretary
7 Attacked with
clubs and such
8 In the future
9 Glum
10 Liar's undoing
11 Fact-finding
process
12 Understanding
between nations
13 Method
18 It stretches from
Maine to Florida
22 Make better, as
Cheddar
25 Lord's laborer
26 Falling object's
direction
2 Spiegel:
German
magazine
30 Stumblebum
33 Roadside rest
stop
34 Clairvoyance,
briefly

36 Like many a slick
road
37 Passe
38 Lash flash?
39 Suffix with cord
40 Scale fourths
41 Fictional Arabic
woodcutter
45 Wall St. hedger
46 Ares or Mars
48 Stimulate
49 Uncle : Berle
nickname

50 Western dry
lakes
52 How to turn
something into
nothing?
53 Effect's partner
55 Go by bike
58 Youngest to
reach 500 HRs
59 Auto club offering
60 What mad people
see?
62 Pint contents

By Jerome Gunderson 4/12/11

Monday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 4/12/11


