# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
THE NEW SOUND
Not an LP playing at
78 rpm, but a brand
new album by Les Paul
and Mary Ford,
all 3 speeds
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
THE NEW SOUND
Not an LP playing at
78 rpm, but a brand
new album by Les Paul
and Mary Ford,
all 3 speeds
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
THE NEW SOUND
Not an LP playing at
78 rpm, but a brand
new album by Les Paul
and Mary Ford,
all 3 speeds
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
THE NEW SOUND
Not an LP playing at
78 rpm, but a brand
new album by Les Paul
and Mary Ford,
all 3 speeds
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
THE NEW SOUND
Not an LP playing at
78 rpm, but a brand
new album by Les Paul
and Mary Ford,
all 3 speeds
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
THE NEW SOUND
Not an LP playing at
78 rpm, but a brand
new album by Les Paul
and Mary Ford,
all 3 speeds
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
THE NEW SOUND
Not an LP playing at
78 rpm, but a brand
new album by Les Paul
and Mary Ford,
all 3 speeds
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
THE NEW SOUND
Not an LP playing at
78 rpm, but a brand
new album by Les Paul
and Mary Ford,
all 3 speeds
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
THE NEW SOUND
Not an LP playing at
78 rpm, but a brand
new album by Les Paul
and Mary Ford,
all 3 speeds
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
THE NEW SOUND
Not an LP playing at
78 rpm, but a brand
new album by Les Paul
and Mary Ford,
all 3 speeds
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
THE NEW SOUND
Not an LP playing at
78 rpm, but a brand
new album by Les Paul
and Mary Ford,
all 3 speeds
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
THE NEW SOUND
Not an LP playing at
78 rpm, but a brand
new album by Les Paul
and Mary Ford,
all 3 speeds
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
THE NEW SOUND
Not an LP playing at
78 rpm, but a brand
new album by Les Paul
and Mary Ford,
all 3 speeds
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
THE NEW SOUND
Not an LP playing at
78 rpm, but a brand
new album by Les Paul
and Mary Ford,
all 3 speeds
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
THE NEW SOUND
Not an LP playing at
78 rpm, but a brand
new album by Les Paul
and Mary Ford,
all 3 speeds
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
