# PRESIDENT WILBUR LEAVES FOR EAST
## 
### 
President Wilbur left for the East
today on a three weeks' trip. It has
not been officially announced as to
the mission of his trip, but under all
probability his work will concern the
University.
President Wilbur left for the East
today on a three weeks' trip. It has
not been officially announced as to
the mission of his trip, but under all
probability his work will concern the
University.
President Wilbur left for the East
today on a three weeks' trip. It has
not been officially announced as to
the mission of his trip, but under all
probability his work will concern the
University.
President Wilbur left for the East
today on a three weeks' trip. It has
not been officially announced as to
the mission of his trip, but under all
probability his work will concern the
University.
President Wilbur left for the East
today on a three weeks' trip. It has
not been officially announced as to
the mission of his trip, but under all
probability his work will concern the
University.
President Wilbur left for the East
today on a three weeks' trip. It has
not been officially announced as to
the mission of his trip, but under all
probability his work will concern the
University.
President Wilbur left for the East
today on a three weeks' trip. It has
not been officially announced as to
the mission of his trip, but under all
probability his work will concern the
University.
President Wilbur left for the East
today on a three weeks' trip. It has
not been officially announced as to
the mission of his trip, but under all
probability his work will concern the
University.
President Wilbur left for the East
today on a three weeks' trip. It has
not been officially announced as to
the mission of his trip, but under all
probability his work will concern the
University.
President Wilbur left for the East
today on a three weeks' trip. It has
not been officially announced as to
the mission of his trip, but under all
probability his work will concern the
University.
President Wilbur left for the East
today on a three weeks' trip. It has
not been officially announced as to
the mission of his trip, but under all
probability his work will concern the
University.
President Wilbur left for the East
today on a three weeks' trip. It has
not been officially announced as to
the mission of his trip, but under all
probability his work will concern the
University.
President Wilbur left for the East
today on a three weeks' trip. It has
not been officially announced as to
the mission of his trip, but under all
probability his work will concern the
University.
