# INDIAN HANDBALL TEAM GAINS 3 TO 1 WIN FROM BEARS
## 
### 
Indian varsity handball players
Saturday night defeated California
3 to 1 in the matches played at the
Athens Club in Oakland. '

This victory for the Cardinals was
the first gained over the Bears in
this sport in several seasons. John
Sauter and Lincoln Rode handily
disposed of their opponents in the
singles matches. In the doubles en
counters Jesse Wilson and Francis
Bates also won their games.

The only defeat suffered by the
Indians was in the second doubles.
Bill Schnetka and Winston Strong
found the Bear doubles squad more
than a match.
Indian varsity handball players
Saturday night defeated California
3 to 1 in the matches played at the
Athens Club in Oakland. '

This victory for the Cardinals was
the first gained over the Bears in
this sport in several seasons. John
Sauter and Lincoln Rode handily
disposed of their opponents in the
singles matches. In the doubles en
counters Jesse Wilson and Francis
Bates also won their games.

The only defeat suffered by the
Indians was in the second doubles.
Bill Schnetka and Winston Strong
found the Bear doubles squad more
than a match.
Indian varsity handball players
Saturday night defeated California
3 to 1 in the matches played at the
Athens Club in Oakland. '

This victory for the Cardinals was
the first gained over the Bears in
this sport in several seasons. John
Sauter and Lincoln Rode handily
disposed of their opponents in the
singles matches. In the doubles en
counters Jesse Wilson and Francis
Bates also won their games.

The only defeat suffered by the
Indians was in the second doubles.
Bill Schnetka and Winston Strong
found the Bear doubles squad more
than a match.
Indian varsity handball players
Saturday night defeated California
3 to 1 in the matches played at the
Athens Club in Oakland. '

This victory for the Cardinals was
the first gained over the Bears in
this sport in several seasons. John
Sauter and Lincoln Rode handily
disposed of their opponents in the
singles matches. In the doubles en
counters Jesse Wilson and Francis
Bates also won their games.

The only defeat suffered by the
Indians was in the second doubles.
Bill Schnetka and Winston Strong
found the Bear doubles squad more
than a match.
Indian varsity handball players
Saturday night defeated California
3 to 1 in the matches played at the
Athens Club in Oakland. '

This victory for the Cardinals was
the first gained over the Bears in
this sport in several seasons. John
Sauter and Lincoln Rode handily
disposed of their opponents in the
singles matches. In the doubles en
counters Jesse Wilson and Francis
Bates also won their games.

The only defeat suffered by the
Indians was in the second doubles.
Bill Schnetka and Winston Strong
found the Bear doubles squad more
than a match.
Indian varsity handball players
Saturday night defeated California
3 to 1 in the matches played at the
Athens Club in Oakland. '

This victory for the Cardinals was
the first gained over the Bears in
this sport in several seasons. John
Sauter and Lincoln Rode handily
disposed of their opponents in the
singles matches. In the doubles en
counters Jesse Wilson and Francis
Bates also won their games.

The only defeat suffered by the
Indians was in the second doubles.
Bill Schnetka and Winston Strong
found the Bear doubles squad more
than a match.
Indian varsity handball players
Saturday night defeated California
3 to 1 in the matches played at the
Athens Club in Oakland. '

This victory for the Cardinals was
the first gained over the Bears in
this sport in several seasons. John
Sauter and Lincoln Rode handily
disposed of their opponents in the
singles matches. In the doubles en
counters Jesse Wilson and Francis
Bates also won their games.

The only defeat suffered by the
Indians was in the second doubles.
Bill Schnetka and Winston Strong
found the Bear doubles squad more
than a match.
Indian varsity handball players
Saturday night defeated California
3 to 1 in the matches played at the
Athens Club in Oakland. '

This victory for the Cardinals was
the first gained over the Bears in
this sport in several seasons. John
Sauter and Lincoln Rode handily
disposed of their opponents in the
singles matches. In the doubles en
counters Jesse Wilson and Francis
Bates also won their games.

The only defeat suffered by the
Indians was in the second doubles.
Bill Schnetka and Winston Strong
found the Bear doubles squad more
than a match.
Indian varsity handball players
Saturday night defeated California
3 to 1 in the matches played at the
Athens Club in Oakland. '

This victory for the Cardinals was
the first gained over the Bears in
this sport in several seasons. John
Sauter and Lincoln Rode handily
disposed of their opponents in the
singles matches. In the doubles en
counters Jesse Wilson and Francis
Bates also won their games.

The only defeat suffered by the
Indians was in the second doubles.
Bill Schnetka and Winston Strong
found the Bear doubles squad more
than a match.
Indian varsity handball players
Saturday night defeated California
3 to 1 in the matches played at the
Athens Club in Oakland. '

This victory for the Cardinals was
the first gained over the Bears in
this sport in several seasons. John
Sauter and Lincoln Rode handily
disposed of their opponents in the
singles matches. In the doubles en
counters Jesse Wilson and Francis
Bates also won their games.

The only defeat suffered by the
Indians was in the second doubles.
Bill Schnetka and Winston Strong
found the Bear doubles squad more
than a match.
Indian varsity handball players
Saturday night defeated California
3 to 1 in the matches played at the
Athens Club in Oakland. '

This victory for the Cardinals was
the first gained over the Bears in
this sport in several seasons. John
Sauter and Lincoln Rode handily
disposed of their opponents in the
singles matches. In the doubles en
counters Jesse Wilson and Francis
Bates also won their games.

The only defeat suffered by the
Indians was in the second doubles.
Bill Schnetka and Winston Strong
found the Bear doubles squad more
than a match.
Indian varsity handball players
Saturday night defeated California
3 to 1 in the matches played at the
Athens Club in Oakland. '

This victory for the Cardinals was
the first gained over the Bears in
this sport in several seasons. John
Sauter and Lincoln Rode handily
disposed of their opponents in the
singles matches. In the doubles en
counters Jesse Wilson and Francis
Bates also won their games.

The only defeat suffered by the
Indians was in the second doubles.
Bill Schnetka and Winston Strong
found the Bear doubles squad more
than a match.
Indian varsity handball players
Saturday night defeated California
3 to 1 in the matches played at the
Athens Club in Oakland. '

This victory for the Cardinals was
the first gained over the Bears in
this sport in several seasons. John
Sauter and Lincoln Rode handily
disposed of their opponents in the
singles matches. In the doubles en
counters Jesse Wilson and Francis
Bates also won their games.

The only defeat suffered by the
Indians was in the second doubles.
Bill Schnetka and Winston Strong
found the Bear doubles squad more
than a match.
Indian varsity handball players
Saturday night defeated California
3 to 1 in the matches played at the
Athens Club in Oakland. '

This victory for the Cardinals was
the first gained over the Bears in
this sport in several seasons. John
Sauter and Lincoln Rode handily
disposed of their opponents in the
singles matches. In the doubles en
counters Jesse Wilson and Francis
Bates also won their games.

The only defeat suffered by the
Indians was in the second doubles.
Bill Schnetka and Winston Strong
found the Bear doubles squad more
than a match.
Indian varsity handball players
Saturday night defeated California
3 to 1 in the matches played at the
Athens Club in Oakland. '

This victory for the Cardinals was
the first gained over the Bears in
this sport in several seasons. John
Sauter and Lincoln Rode handily
disposed of their opponents in the
singles matches. In the doubles en
counters Jesse Wilson and Francis
Bates also won their games.

The only defeat suffered by the
Indians was in the second doubles.
Bill Schnetka and Winston Strong
found the Bear doubles squad more
than a match.
