# STEWART TO SPEAK ON PROBLEMS OF POST-WAR EUROPE
## Reparations, Allied Debts, Theme Of Talk Here Tomorrow Night 
### 
Professor Graham H. Si unit of the
polHical sc'ence department will de
liver the regular Tuesday night lec
ture tomorrow night at 7:30 o'clock
in the Little Theatre speaking on
"Political Problems in Post - War
Europe."
Reparations and allied debts, ar
maments and security, and the Uni
ted States of Europe are the par
ticular problems he expects to em
phasize.
Professor Stuart has recently re
turned from an extended trip abroad
where he made a first-hand study of
conditions prevailing since the war.
He will speak tonight before the
Philomath Club, a women's organi
zation of San Francisco, on "Post
war Europe." This is one of a se
ries of lectures which Professor Stu
art is presenting to the club.
Professor Graham H. Si unit of the
polHical sc'ence department will de
liver the regular Tuesday night lec
ture tomorrow night at 7:30 o'clock
in the Little Theatre speaking on
"Political Problems in Post - War
Europe."
Reparations and allied debts, ar
maments and security, and the Uni
ted States of Europe are the par
ticular problems he expects to em
phasize.
Professor Stuart has recently re
turned from an extended trip abroad
where he made a first-hand study of
conditions prevailing since the war.
He will speak tonight before the
Philomath Club, a women's organi
zation of San Francisco, on "Post
war Europe." This is one of a se
ries of lectures which Professor Stu
art is presenting to the club.
Professor Graham H. Si unit of the
polHical sc'ence department will de
liver the regular Tuesday night lec
ture tomorrow night at 7:30 o'clock
in the Little Theatre speaking on
"Political Problems in Post - War
Europe."
Reparations and allied debts, ar
maments and security, and the Uni
ted States of Europe are the par
ticular problems he expects to em
phasize.
Professor Stuart has recently re
turned from an extended trip abroad
where he made a first-hand study of
conditions prevailing since the war.
He will speak tonight before the
Philomath Club, a women's organi
zation of San Francisco, on "Post
war Europe." This is one of a se
ries of lectures which Professor Stu
art is presenting to the club.
Professor Graham H. Si unit of the
polHical sc'ence department will de
liver the regular Tuesday night lec
ture tomorrow night at 7:30 o'clock
in the Little Theatre speaking on
"Political Problems in Post - War
Europe."
Reparations and allied debts, ar
maments and security, and the Uni
ted States of Europe are the par
ticular problems he expects to em
phasize.
Professor Stuart has recently re
turned from an extended trip abroad
where he made a first-hand study of
conditions prevailing since the war.
He will speak tonight before the
Philomath Club, a women's organi
zation of San Francisco, on "Post
war Europe." This is one of a se
ries of lectures which Professor Stu
art is presenting to the club.
Professor Graham H. Si unit of the
polHical sc'ence department will de
liver the regular Tuesday night lec
ture tomorrow night at 7:30 o'clock
in the Little Theatre speaking on
"Political Problems in Post - War
Europe."
Reparations and allied debts, ar
maments and security, and the Uni
ted States of Europe are the par
ticular problems he expects to em
phasize.
Professor Stuart has recently re
turned from an extended trip abroad
where he made a first-hand study of
conditions prevailing since the war.
He will speak tonight before the
Philomath Club, a women's organi
zation of San Francisco, on "Post
war Europe." This is one of a se
ries of lectures which Professor Stu
art is presenting to the club.
Professor Graham H. Si unit of the
polHical sc'ence department will de
liver the regular Tuesday night lec
ture tomorrow night at 7:30 o'clock
in the Little Theatre speaking on
"Political Problems in Post - War
Europe."
Reparations and allied debts, ar
maments and security, and the Uni
ted States of Europe are the par
ticular problems he expects to em
phasize.
Professor Stuart has recently re
turned from an extended trip abroad
where he made a first-hand study of
conditions prevailing since the war.
He will speak tonight before the
Philomath Club, a women's organi
zation of San Francisco, on "Post
war Europe." This is one of a se
ries of lectures which Professor Stu
art is presenting to the club.
Professor Graham H. Si unit of the
polHical sc'ence department will de
liver the regular Tuesday night lec
ture tomorrow night at 7:30 o'clock
in the Little Theatre speaking on
"Political Problems in Post - War
Europe."
Reparations and allied debts, ar
maments and security, and the Uni
ted States of Europe are the par
ticular problems he expects to em
phasize.
Professor Stuart has recently re
turned from an extended trip abroad
where he made a first-hand study of
conditions prevailing since the war.
He will speak tonight before the
Philomath Club, a women's organi
zation of San Francisco, on "Post
war Europe." This is one of a se
ries of lectures which Professor Stu
art is presenting to the club.
Professor Graham H. Si unit of the
polHical sc'ence department will de
liver the regular Tuesday night lec
ture tomorrow night at 7:30 o'clock
in the Little Theatre speaking on
"Political Problems in Post - War
Europe."
Reparations and allied debts, ar
maments and security, and the Uni
ted States of Europe are the par
ticular problems he expects to em
phasize.
Professor Stuart has recently re
turned from an extended trip abroad
where he made a first-hand study of
conditions prevailing since the war.
He will speak tonight before the
Philomath Club, a women's organi
zation of San Francisco, on "Post
war Europe." This is one of a se
ries of lectures which Professor Stu
art is presenting to the club.
Professor Graham H. Si unit of the
polHical sc'ence department will de
liver the regular Tuesday night lec
ture tomorrow night at 7:30 o'clock
in the Little Theatre speaking on
"Political Problems in Post - War
Europe."
Reparations and allied debts, ar
maments and security, and the Uni
ted States of Europe are the par
ticular problems he expects to em
phasize.
Professor Stuart has recently re
turned from an extended trip abroad
where he made a first-hand study of
conditions prevailing since the war.
He will speak tonight before the
Philomath Club, a women's organi
zation of San Francisco, on "Post
war Europe." This is one of a se
ries of lectures which Professor Stu
art is presenting to the club.
Professor Graham H. Si unit of the
polHical sc'ence department will de
liver the regular Tuesday night lec
ture tomorrow night at 7:30 o'clock
in the Little Theatre speaking on
"Political Problems in Post - War
Europe."
Reparations and allied debts, ar
maments and security, and the Uni
ted States of Europe are the par
ticular problems he expects to em
phasize.
Professor Stuart has recently re
turned from an extended trip abroad
where he made a first-hand study of
conditions prevailing since the war.
He will speak tonight before the
Philomath Club, a women's organi
zation of San Francisco, on "Post
war Europe." This is one of a se
ries of lectures which Professor Stu
art is presenting to the club.
Professor Graham H. Si unit of the
polHical sc'ence department will de
liver the regular Tuesday night lec
ture tomorrow night at 7:30 o'clock
in the Little Theatre speaking on
"Political Problems in Post - War
Europe."
Reparations and allied debts, ar
maments and security, and the Uni
ted States of Europe are the par
ticular problems he expects to em
phasize.
Professor Stuart has recently re
turned from an extended trip abroad
where he made a first-hand study of
conditions prevailing since the war.
He will speak tonight before the
Philomath Club, a women's organi
zation of San Francisco, on "Post
war Europe." This is one of a se
ries of lectures which Professor Stu
art is presenting to the club.
Professor Graham H. Si unit of the
polHical sc'ence department will de
liver the regular Tuesday night lec
ture tomorrow night at 7:30 o'clock
in the Little Theatre speaking on
"Political Problems in Post - War
Europe."
Reparations and allied debts, ar
maments and security, and the Uni
ted States of Europe are the par
ticular problems he expects to em
phasize.
Professor Stuart has recently re
turned from an extended trip abroad
where he made a first-hand study of
conditions prevailing since the war.
He will speak tonight before the
Philomath Club, a women's organi
zation of San Francisco, on "Post
war Europe." This is one of a se
ries of lectures which Professor Stu
art is presenting to the club.
Professor Graham H. Si unit of the
polHical sc'ence department will de
liver the regular Tuesday night lec
ture tomorrow night at 7:30 o'clock
in the Little Theatre speaking on
"Political Problems in Post - War
Europe."
Reparations and allied debts, ar
maments and security, and the Uni
ted States of Europe are the par
ticular problems he expects to em
phasize.
Professor Stuart has recently re
turned from an extended trip abroad
where he made a first-hand study of
conditions prevailing since the war.
He will speak tonight before the
Philomath Club, a women's organi
zation of San Francisco, on "Post
war Europe." This is one of a se
ries of lectures which Professor Stu
art is presenting to the club.
Professor Graham H. Si unit of the
polHical sc'ence department will de
liver the regular Tuesday night lec
ture tomorrow night at 7:30 o'clock
in the Little Theatre speaking on
"Political Problems in Post - War
Europe."
Reparations and allied debts, ar
maments and security, and the Uni
ted States of Europe are the par
ticular problems he expects to em
phasize.
Professor Stuart has recently re
turned from an extended trip abroad
where he made a first-hand study of
conditions prevailing since the war.
He will speak tonight before the
Philomath Club, a women's organi
zation of San Francisco, on "Post
war Europe." This is one of a se
ries of lectures which Professor Stu
art is presenting to the club.
Professor Graham H. Si unit of the
polHical sc'ence department will de
liver the regular Tuesday night lec
ture tomorrow night at 7:30 o'clock
in the Little Theatre speaking on
"Political Problems in Post - War
Europe."
Reparations and allied debts, ar
maments and security, and the Uni
ted States of Europe are the par
ticular problems he expects to em
phasize.
Professor Stuart has recently re
turned from an extended trip abroad
where he made a first-hand study of
conditions prevailing since the war.
He will speak tonight before the
Philomath Club, a women's organi
zation of San Francisco, on "Post
war Europe." This is one of a se
ries of lectures which Professor Stu
art is presenting to the club.
