# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
rr Angeline"
Announces Special Show
ing of New Advanced
Spring Millinery
Saturday, March 13
The
Angeline Shop
One-of-a-Kind-Hats
552 Emerson St. Palo Alto
rr Angeline"
Announces Special Show
ing of New Advanced
Spring Millinery
Saturday, March 13
The
Angeline Shop
One-of-a-Kind-Hats
552 Emerson St. Palo Alto
rr Angeline"
Announces Special Show
ing of New Advanced
Spring Millinery
Saturday, March 13
The
Angeline Shop
One-of-a-Kind-Hats
552 Emerson St. Palo Alto
rr Angeline"
Announces Special Show
ing of New Advanced
Spring Millinery
Saturday, March 13
The
Angeline Shop
One-of-a-Kind-Hats
552 Emerson St. Palo Alto
rr Angeline"
Announces Special Show
ing of New Advanced
Spring Millinery
Saturday, March 13
The
Angeline Shop
One-of-a-Kind-Hats
552 Emerson St. Palo Alto
rr Angeline"
Announces Special Show
ing of New Advanced
Spring Millinery
Saturday, March 13
The
Angeline Shop
One-of-a-Kind-Hats
552 Emerson St. Palo Alto
rr Angeline"
Announces Special Show
ing of New Advanced
Spring Millinery
Saturday, March 13
The
Angeline Shop
One-of-a-Kind-Hats
552 Emerson St. Palo Alto
rr Angeline"
Announces Special Show
ing of New Advanced
Spring Millinery
Saturday, March 13
The
Angeline Shop
One-of-a-Kind-Hats
552 Emerson St. Palo Alto
rr Angeline"
Announces Special Show
ing of New Advanced
Spring Millinery
Saturday, March 13
The
Angeline Shop
One-of-a-Kind-Hats
552 Emerson St. Palo Alto
rr Angeline"
Announces Special Show
ing of New Advanced
Spring Millinery
Saturday, March 13
The
Angeline Shop
One-of-a-Kind-Hats
552 Emerson St. Palo Alto
rr Angeline"
Announces Special Show
ing of New Advanced
Spring Millinery
Saturday, March 13
The
Angeline Shop
One-of-a-Kind-Hats
552 Emerson St. Palo Alto
rr Angeline"
Announces Special Show
ing of New Advanced
Spring Millinery
Saturday, March 13
The
Angeline Shop
One-of-a-Kind-Hats
552 Emerson St. Palo Alto
rr Angeline"
Announces Special Show
ing of New Advanced
Spring Millinery
Saturday, March 13
The
Angeline Shop
One-of-a-Kind-Hats
552 Emerson St. Palo Alto
rr Angeline"
Announces Special Show
ing of New Advanced
Spring Millinery
Saturday, March 13
The
Angeline Shop
One-of-a-Kind-Hats
552 Emerson St. Palo Alto
