# WORD-WRANGLERS WILL DISSECT BABBITT IN TRIPLE DEBATE
## 
### 
Threw members of the women's de-'
bating team are Fresfimen. They are 1
Ruth Tintfley, vice-president of the
club; Marian Klocksen, and Margaret!
Owen. They will prove their worth in j
the triangle debate next Wednesdayj
between Stanford, California, and the ;
University of California, Southern
Branch.
"Resolved, That Babbitt can be vin
dicated," is the question chosen fori
the debate. It should be hotly con
tested on both sides, as the Stanford I
debaters have worked up some good
arguments both for the affirmative
and the negative.
While Katberine Applegate, *27. and
Margaret Owen, '2ft, are upholding the!
affirmative here against the Univer
sity of California Southern Branch,
Ruth Tinsley, '29, and Rhoda Lewis,!
'27, will speak on the negative against I
California at Berkeley. The alternates
are Marian Klocksen, '29, and Dorothy,
Quinn, '28.
The representatives from the Branch
will arrive at Stanford next Wednes
day morning. They are Genevieve j
Temple. '28, and Ruth Gooder, '29. j
They will be entertained by members j
of the debating, club and Roble hall j
during their stay fin the campus.
The members of the California team
meeting Stanford are Aileen McCand-,
less, '26, and Dulcie Dixon, '27.
•29—FROSH—'29
Threw members of the women's de-'
bating team are Fresfimen. They are 1
Ruth Tintfley, vice-president of the
club; Marian Klocksen, and Margaret!
Owen. They will prove their worth in j
the triangle debate next Wednesdayj
between Stanford, California, and the ;
University of California, Southern
Branch.
"Resolved, That Babbitt can be vin
dicated," is the question chosen fori
the debate. It should be hotly con
tested on both sides, as the Stanford I
debaters have worked up some good
arguments both for the affirmative
and the negative.
While Katberine Applegate, *27. and
Margaret Owen, '2ft, are upholding the!
affirmative here against the Univer
sity of California Southern Branch,
Ruth Tinsley, '29, and Rhoda Lewis,!
'27, will speak on the negative against I
California at Berkeley. The alternates
are Marian Klocksen, '29, and Dorothy,
Quinn, '28.
The representatives from the Branch
will arrive at Stanford next Wednes
day morning. They are Genevieve j
Temple. '28, and Ruth Gooder, '29. j
They will be entertained by members j
of the debating, club and Roble hall j
during their stay fin the campus.
The members of the California team
meeting Stanford are Aileen McCand-,
less, '26, and Dulcie Dixon, '27.
•29—FROSH—'29
Threw members of the women's de-'
bating team are Fresfimen. They are 1
Ruth Tintfley, vice-president of the
club; Marian Klocksen, and Margaret!
Owen. They will prove their worth in j
the triangle debate next Wednesdayj
between Stanford, California, and the ;
University of California, Southern
Branch.
"Resolved, That Babbitt can be vin
dicated," is the question chosen fori
the debate. It should be hotly con
tested on both sides, as the Stanford I
debaters have worked up some good
arguments both for the affirmative
and the negative.
While Katberine Applegate, *27. and
Margaret Owen, '2ft, are upholding the!
affirmative here against the Univer
sity of California Southern Branch,
Ruth Tinsley, '29, and Rhoda Lewis,!
'27, will speak on the negative against I
California at Berkeley. The alternates
are Marian Klocksen, '29, and Dorothy,
Quinn, '28.
The representatives from the Branch
will arrive at Stanford next Wednes
day morning. They are Genevieve j
Temple. '28, and Ruth Gooder, '29. j
They will be entertained by members j
of the debating, club and Roble hall j
during their stay fin the campus.
The members of the California team
meeting Stanford are Aileen McCand-,
less, '26, and Dulcie Dixon, '27.
•29—FROSH—'29
Threw members of the women's de-'
bating team are Fresfimen. They are 1
Ruth Tintfley, vice-president of the
club; Marian Klocksen, and Margaret!
Owen. They will prove their worth in j
the triangle debate next Wednesdayj
between Stanford, California, and the ;
University of California, Southern
Branch.
"Resolved, That Babbitt can be vin
dicated," is the question chosen fori
the debate. It should be hotly con
tested on both sides, as the Stanford I
debaters have worked up some good
arguments both for the affirmative
and the negative.
While Katberine Applegate, *27. and
Margaret Owen, '2ft, are upholding the!
affirmative here against the Univer
sity of California Southern Branch,
Ruth Tinsley, '29, and Rhoda Lewis,!
'27, will speak on the negative against I
California at Berkeley. The alternates
are Marian Klocksen, '29, and Dorothy,
Quinn, '28.
The representatives from the Branch
will arrive at Stanford next Wednes
day morning. They are Genevieve j
Temple. '28, and Ruth Gooder, '29. j
They will be entertained by members j
of the debating, club and Roble hall j
during their stay fin the campus.
The members of the California team
meeting Stanford are Aileen McCand-,
less, '26, and Dulcie Dixon, '27.
•29—FROSH—'29
Threw members of the women's de-'
bating team are Fresfimen. They are 1
Ruth Tintfley, vice-president of the
club; Marian Klocksen, and Margaret!
Owen. They will prove their worth in j
the triangle debate next Wednesdayj
between Stanford, California, and the ;
University of California, Southern
Branch.
"Resolved, That Babbitt can be vin
dicated," is the question chosen fori
the debate. It should be hotly con
tested on both sides, as the Stanford I
debaters have worked up some good
arguments both for the affirmative
and the negative.
While Katberine Applegate, *27. and
Margaret Owen, '2ft, are upholding the!
affirmative here against the Univer
sity of California Southern Branch,
Ruth Tinsley, '29, and Rhoda Lewis,!
'27, will speak on the negative against I
California at Berkeley. The alternates
are Marian Klocksen, '29, and Dorothy,
Quinn, '28.
The representatives from the Branch
will arrive at Stanford next Wednes
day morning. They are Genevieve j
Temple. '28, and Ruth Gooder, '29. j
They will be entertained by members j
of the debating, club and Roble hall j
during their stay fin the campus.
The members of the California team
meeting Stanford are Aileen McCand-,
less, '26, and Dulcie Dixon, '27.
•29—FROSH—'29
Threw members of the women's de-'
bating team are Fresfimen. They are 1
Ruth Tintfley, vice-president of the
club; Marian Klocksen, and Margaret!
Owen. They will prove their worth in j
the triangle debate next Wednesdayj
between Stanford, California, and the ;
University of California, Southern
Branch.
"Resolved, That Babbitt can be vin
dicated," is the question chosen fori
the debate. It should be hotly con
tested on both sides, as the Stanford I
debaters have worked up some good
arguments both for the affirmative
and the negative.
While Katberine Applegate, *27. and
Margaret Owen, '2ft, are upholding the!
affirmative here against the Univer
sity of California Southern Branch,
Ruth Tinsley, '29, and Rhoda Lewis,!
'27, will speak on the negative against I
California at Berkeley. The alternates
are Marian Klocksen, '29, and Dorothy,
Quinn, '28.
The representatives from the Branch
will arrive at Stanford next Wednes
day morning. They are Genevieve j
Temple. '28, and Ruth Gooder, '29. j
They will be entertained by members j
of the debating, club and Roble hall j
during their stay fin the campus.
The members of the California team
meeting Stanford are Aileen McCand-,
less, '26, and Dulcie Dixon, '27.
•29—FROSH—'29
Threw members of the women's de-'
bating team are Fresfimen. They are 1
Ruth Tintfley, vice-president of the
club; Marian Klocksen, and Margaret!
Owen. They will prove their worth in j
the triangle debate next Wednesdayj
between Stanford, California, and the ;
University of California, Southern
Branch.
"Resolved, That Babbitt can be vin
dicated," is the question chosen fori
the debate. It should be hotly con
tested on both sides, as the Stanford I
debaters have worked up some good
arguments both for the affirmative
and the negative.
While Katberine Applegate, *27. and
Margaret Owen, '2ft, are upholding the!
affirmative here against the Univer
sity of California Southern Branch,
Ruth Tinsley, '29, and Rhoda Lewis,!
'27, will speak on the negative against I
California at Berkeley. The alternates
are Marian Klocksen, '29, and Dorothy,
Quinn, '28.
The representatives from the Branch
will arrive at Stanford next Wednes
day morning. They are Genevieve j
Temple. '28, and Ruth Gooder, '29. j
They will be entertained by members j
of the debating, club and Roble hall j
during their stay fin the campus.
The members of the California team
meeting Stanford are Aileen McCand-,
less, '26, and Dulcie Dixon, '27.
•29—FROSH—'29
Threw members of the women's de-'
bating team are Fresfimen. They are 1
Ruth Tintfley, vice-president of the
club; Marian Klocksen, and Margaret!
Owen. They will prove their worth in j
the triangle debate next Wednesdayj
between Stanford, California, and the ;
University of California, Southern
Branch.
"Resolved, That Babbitt can be vin
dicated," is the question chosen fori
the debate. It should be hotly con
tested on both sides, as the Stanford I
debaters have worked up some good
arguments both for the affirmative
and the negative.
While Katberine Applegate, *27. and
Margaret Owen, '2ft, are upholding the!
affirmative here against the Univer
sity of California Southern Branch,
Ruth Tinsley, '29, and Rhoda Lewis,!
'27, will speak on the negative against I
California at Berkeley. The alternates
are Marian Klocksen, '29, and Dorothy,
Quinn, '28.
The representatives from the Branch
will arrive at Stanford next Wednes
day morning. They are Genevieve j
Temple. '28, and Ruth Gooder, '29. j
They will be entertained by members j
of the debating, club and Roble hall j
during their stay fin the campus.
The members of the California team
meeting Stanford are Aileen McCand-,
less, '26, and Dulcie Dixon, '27.
•29—FROSH—'29
Threw members of the women's de-'
bating team are Fresfimen. They are 1
Ruth Tintfley, vice-president of the
club; Marian Klocksen, and Margaret!
Owen. They will prove their worth in j
the triangle debate next Wednesdayj
between Stanford, California, and the ;
University of California, Southern
Branch.
"Resolved, That Babbitt can be vin
dicated," is the question chosen fori
the debate. It should be hotly con
tested on both sides, as the Stanford I
debaters have worked up some good
arguments both for the affirmative
and the negative.
While Katberine Applegate, *27. and
Margaret Owen, '2ft, are upholding the!
affirmative here against the Univer
sity of California Southern Branch,
Ruth Tinsley, '29, and Rhoda Lewis,!
'27, will speak on the negative against I
California at Berkeley. The alternates
are Marian Klocksen, '29, and Dorothy,
Quinn, '28.
The representatives from the Branch
will arrive at Stanford next Wednes
day morning. They are Genevieve j
Temple. '28, and Ruth Gooder, '29. j
They will be entertained by members j
of the debating, club and Roble hall j
during their stay fin the campus.
The members of the California team
meeting Stanford are Aileen McCand-,
less, '26, and Dulcie Dixon, '27.
•29—FROSH—'29
Threw members of the women's de-'
bating team are Fresfimen. They are 1
Ruth Tintfley, vice-president of the
club; Marian Klocksen, and Margaret!
Owen. They will prove their worth in j
the triangle debate next Wednesdayj
between Stanford, California, and the ;
University of California, Southern
Branch.
"Resolved, That Babbitt can be vin
dicated," is the question chosen fori
the debate. It should be hotly con
tested on both sides, as the Stanford I
debaters have worked up some good
arguments both for the affirmative
and the negative.
While Katberine Applegate, *27. and
Margaret Owen, '2ft, are upholding the!
affirmative here against the Univer
sity of California Southern Branch,
Ruth Tinsley, '29, and Rhoda Lewis,!
'27, will speak on the negative against I
California at Berkeley. The alternates
are Marian Klocksen, '29, and Dorothy,
Quinn, '28.
The representatives from the Branch
will arrive at Stanford next Wednes
day morning. They are Genevieve j
Temple. '28, and Ruth Gooder, '29. j
They will be entertained by members j
of the debating, club and Roble hall j
during their stay fin the campus.
The members of the California team
meeting Stanford are Aileen McCand-,
less, '26, and Dulcie Dixon, '27.
•29—FROSH—'29
Threw members of the women's de-'
bating team are Fresfimen. They are 1
Ruth Tintfley, vice-president of the
club; Marian Klocksen, and Margaret!
Owen. They will prove their worth in j
the triangle debate next Wednesdayj
between Stanford, California, and the ;
University of California, Southern
Branch.
"Resolved, That Babbitt can be vin
dicated," is the question chosen fori
the debate. It should be hotly con
tested on both sides, as the Stanford I
debaters have worked up some good
arguments both for the affirmative
and the negative.
While Katberine Applegate, *27. and
Margaret Owen, '2ft, are upholding the!
affirmative here against the Univer
sity of California Southern Branch,
Ruth Tinsley, '29, and Rhoda Lewis,!
'27, will speak on the negative against I
California at Berkeley. The alternates
are Marian Klocksen, '29, and Dorothy,
Quinn, '28.
The representatives from the Branch
will arrive at Stanford next Wednes
day morning. They are Genevieve j
Temple. '28, and Ruth Gooder, '29. j
They will be entertained by members j
of the debating, club and Roble hall j
during their stay fin the campus.
The members of the California team
meeting Stanford are Aileen McCand-,
less, '26, and Dulcie Dixon, '27.
•29—FROSH—'29
Threw members of the women's de-'
bating team are Fresfimen. They are 1
Ruth Tintfley, vice-president of the
club; Marian Klocksen, and Margaret!
Owen. They will prove their worth in j
the triangle debate next Wednesdayj
between Stanford, California, and the ;
University of California, Southern
Branch.
"Resolved, That Babbitt can be vin
dicated," is the question chosen fori
the debate. It should be hotly con
tested on both sides, as the Stanford I
debaters have worked up some good
arguments both for the affirmative
and the negative.
While Katberine Applegate, *27. and
Margaret Owen, '2ft, are upholding the!
affirmative here against the Univer
sity of California Southern Branch,
Ruth Tinsley, '29, and Rhoda Lewis,!
'27, will speak on the negative against I
California at Berkeley. The alternates
are Marian Klocksen, '29, and Dorothy,
Quinn, '28.
The representatives from the Branch
will arrive at Stanford next Wednes
day morning. They are Genevieve j
Temple. '28, and Ruth Gooder, '29. j
They will be entertained by members j
of the debating, club and Roble hall j
during their stay fin the campus.
The members of the California team
meeting Stanford are Aileen McCand-,
less, '26, and Dulcie Dixon, '27.
•29—FROSH—'29
Threw members of the women's de-'
bating team are Fresfimen. They are 1
Ruth Tintfley, vice-president of the
club; Marian Klocksen, and Margaret!
Owen. They will prove their worth in j
the triangle debate next Wednesdayj
between Stanford, California, and the ;
University of California, Southern
Branch.
"Resolved, That Babbitt can be vin
dicated," is the question chosen fori
the debate. It should be hotly con
tested on both sides, as the Stanford I
debaters have worked up some good
arguments both for the affirmative
and the negative.
While Katberine Applegate, *27. and
Margaret Owen, '2ft, are upholding the!
affirmative here against the Univer
sity of California Southern Branch,
Ruth Tinsley, '29, and Rhoda Lewis,!
'27, will speak on the negative against I
California at Berkeley. The alternates
are Marian Klocksen, '29, and Dorothy,
Quinn, '28.
The representatives from the Branch
will arrive at Stanford next Wednes
day morning. They are Genevieve j
Temple. '28, and Ruth Gooder, '29. j
They will be entertained by members j
of the debating, club and Roble hall j
during their stay fin the campus.
The members of the California team
meeting Stanford are Aileen McCand-,
less, '26, and Dulcie Dixon, '27.
•29—FROSH—'29
Threw members of the women's de-'
bating team are Fresfimen. They are 1
Ruth Tintfley, vice-president of the
club; Marian Klocksen, and Margaret!
Owen. They will prove their worth in j
the triangle debate next Wednesdayj
between Stanford, California, and the ;
University of California, Southern
Branch.
"Resolved, That Babbitt can be vin
dicated," is the question chosen fori
the debate. It should be hotly con
tested on both sides, as the Stanford I
debaters have worked up some good
arguments both for the affirmative
and the negative.
While Katberine Applegate, *27. and
Margaret Owen, '2ft, are upholding the!
affirmative here against the Univer
sity of California Southern Branch,
Ruth Tinsley, '29, and Rhoda Lewis,!
'27, will speak on the negative against I
California at Berkeley. The alternates
are Marian Klocksen, '29, and Dorothy,
Quinn, '28.
The representatives from the Branch
will arrive at Stanford next Wednes
day morning. They are Genevieve j
Temple. '28, and Ruth Gooder, '29. j
They will be entertained by members j
of the debating, club and Roble hall j
during their stay fin the campus.
The members of the California team
meeting Stanford are Aileen McCand-,
less, '26, and Dulcie Dixon, '27.
•29—FROSH—'29
