# STANFORD, MARQUETTE DEBATERS WILL MEET
## 
### 
After looking over the class of 1929.
Stanford debaters who will meet the
Marquette forensic team tonight at 8
o'clock in the Assembly hall, on the |
question, "Resolved, That this house
pities its grandchildren," feel that
they cannot uphold tho affirmative.
Therefore Philip Cavalero and Charles
C. Scott will speak on the negative
against the Marquette team.
Four members of the Marquette do
bating team, with Professor William
It. DntTey, head of the public speaking
department at the university, are in
the courst of a three weeks' tour in
which they will debate in the states
of Missouri, Nebraska. Colorado, Wy
oming, California, Arizona, and Texas.
They will return to Wisconsin about
March 21.
The members of the team meeting
Stanford tonight on the affirmative
are Herbert StefTes and William P.
Leonard. Both are students in the law
school at Marquette. The team coming
to Stanford has already won three
intercollegiate debates, including one
international decision, this season.
Moth speakers for Marquette are ex
perienced debaters. Lenoard took part
in the debate which won the decision
over St. Louis university. Steffe was
for two years a member of the cham
pionship intramural debating team at.
Marquette. Scott will be second speak
er this evening against. Marquette. He
was a member of two varsity debating
teams, and will meet California this
year in the Joffre debate.
'29—FROSH—'29
Six to eight hours of college credit
■will be given to Oberlin students who
go on the Oberlin European tour next
summer.
