# 'Workshop' Sale Today
## 
### 
Workshop, the undergraduate
literary magazine, goes on sale
today. It will be available at
Tresidder, the Engineering Cor
ner, and the Post Office for ten
cents. Workshop is in its third
year of publishing throe issues
a quarter. Its goal is "to bridge
the gap between Stanford's lit
erary life and its everyday
world," according to Henry Al
loy, a founding editor.
Workshop encourages people

"to keep up correspondence be
tween themselves and their in
nermost thoughts, between their
innermost thoughts and the rest
of the student population," he
added.
Correspondents include Pris
cilla Jones who has written
three haiku collectively titled
"Spider Silk." Spider webs be
come variously "crystalline
lace," "torn hanging webs," and
"streamers of bright silk."
Workshop, the undergraduate
literary magazine, goes on sale
today. It will be available at
Tresidder, the Engineering Cor
ner, and the Post Office for ten
cents. Workshop is in its third
year of publishing throe issues
a quarter. Its goal is "to bridge
the gap between Stanford's lit
erary life and its everyday
world," according to Henry Al
loy, a founding editor.
Workshop encourages people

"to keep up correspondence be
tween themselves and their in
nermost thoughts, between their
innermost thoughts and the rest
of the student population," he
added.
Correspondents include Pris
cilla Jones who has written
three haiku collectively titled
"Spider Silk." Spider webs be
come variously "crystalline
lace," "torn hanging webs," and
"streamers of bright silk."
Workshop, the undergraduate
literary magazine, goes on sale
today. It will be available at
Tresidder, the Engineering Cor
ner, and the Post Office for ten
cents. Workshop is in its third
year of publishing throe issues
a quarter. Its goal is "to bridge
the gap between Stanford's lit
erary life and its everyday
world," according to Henry Al
loy, a founding editor.
Workshop encourages people

"to keep up correspondence be
tween themselves and their in
nermost thoughts, between their
innermost thoughts and the rest
of the student population," he
added.
Correspondents include Pris
cilla Jones who has written
three haiku collectively titled
"Spider Silk." Spider webs be
come variously "crystalline
lace," "torn hanging webs," and
"streamers of bright silk."
Workshop, the undergraduate
literary magazine, goes on sale
today. It will be available at
Tresidder, the Engineering Cor
ner, and the Post Office for ten
cents. Workshop is in its third
year of publishing throe issues
a quarter. Its goal is "to bridge
the gap between Stanford's lit
erary life and its everyday
world," according to Henry Al
loy, a founding editor.
Workshop encourages people

"to keep up correspondence be
tween themselves and their in
nermost thoughts, between their
innermost thoughts and the rest
of the student population," he
added.
Correspondents include Pris
cilla Jones who has written
three haiku collectively titled
"Spider Silk." Spider webs be
come variously "crystalline
lace," "torn hanging webs," and
"streamers of bright silk."
Workshop, the undergraduate
literary magazine, goes on sale
today. It will be available at
Tresidder, the Engineering Cor
ner, and the Post Office for ten
cents. Workshop is in its third
year of publishing throe issues
a quarter. Its goal is "to bridge
the gap between Stanford's lit
erary life and its everyday
world," according to Henry Al
loy, a founding editor.
Workshop encourages people

"to keep up correspondence be
tween themselves and their in
nermost thoughts, between their
innermost thoughts and the rest
of the student population," he
added.
Correspondents include Pris
cilla Jones who has written
three haiku collectively titled
"Spider Silk." Spider webs be
come variously "crystalline
lace," "torn hanging webs," and
"streamers of bright silk."
Workshop, the undergraduate
literary magazine, goes on sale
today. It will be available at
Tresidder, the Engineering Cor
ner, and the Post Office for ten
cents. Workshop is in its third
year of publishing throe issues
a quarter. Its goal is "to bridge
the gap between Stanford's lit
erary life and its everyday
world," according to Henry Al
loy, a founding editor.
Workshop encourages people

"to keep up correspondence be
tween themselves and their in
nermost thoughts, between their
innermost thoughts and the rest
of the student population," he
added.
Correspondents include Pris
cilla Jones who has written
three haiku collectively titled
"Spider Silk." Spider webs be
come variously "crystalline
lace," "torn hanging webs," and
"streamers of bright silk."
Workshop, the undergraduate
literary magazine, goes on sale
today. It will be available at
Tresidder, the Engineering Cor
ner, and the Post Office for ten
cents. Workshop is in its third
year of publishing throe issues
a quarter. Its goal is "to bridge
the gap between Stanford's lit
erary life and its everyday
world," according to Henry Al
loy, a founding editor.
Workshop encourages people

"to keep up correspondence be
tween themselves and their in
nermost thoughts, between their
innermost thoughts and the rest
of the student population," he
added.
Correspondents include Pris
cilla Jones who has written
three haiku collectively titled
"Spider Silk." Spider webs be
come variously "crystalline
lace," "torn hanging webs," and
"streamers of bright silk."
Workshop, the undergraduate
literary magazine, goes on sale
today. It will be available at
Tresidder, the Engineering Cor
ner, and the Post Office for ten
cents. Workshop is in its third
year of publishing throe issues
a quarter. Its goal is "to bridge
the gap between Stanford's lit
erary life and its everyday
world," according to Henry Al
loy, a founding editor.
Workshop encourages people

"to keep up correspondence be
tween themselves and their in
nermost thoughts, between their
innermost thoughts and the rest
of the student population," he
added.
Correspondents include Pris
cilla Jones who has written
three haiku collectively titled
"Spider Silk." Spider webs be
come variously "crystalline
lace," "torn hanging webs," and
"streamers of bright silk."
Workshop, the undergraduate
literary magazine, goes on sale
today. It will be available at
Tresidder, the Engineering Cor
ner, and the Post Office for ten
cents. Workshop is in its third
year of publishing throe issues
a quarter. Its goal is "to bridge
the gap between Stanford's lit
erary life and its everyday
world," according to Henry Al
loy, a founding editor.
Workshop encourages people

"to keep up correspondence be
tween themselves and their in
nermost thoughts, between their
innermost thoughts and the rest
of the student population," he
added.
Correspondents include Pris
cilla Jones who has written
three haiku collectively titled
"Spider Silk." Spider webs be
come variously "crystalline
lace," "torn hanging webs," and
"streamers of bright silk."
Workshop, the undergraduate
literary magazine, goes on sale
today. It will be available at
Tresidder, the Engineering Cor
ner, and the Post Office for ten
cents. Workshop is in its third
year of publishing throe issues
a quarter. Its goal is "to bridge
the gap between Stanford's lit
erary life and its everyday
world," according to Henry Al
loy, a founding editor.
Workshop encourages people

"to keep up correspondence be
tween themselves and their in
nermost thoughts, between their
innermost thoughts and the rest
of the student population," he
added.
Correspondents include Pris
cilla Jones who has written
three haiku collectively titled
"Spider Silk." Spider webs be
come variously "crystalline
lace," "torn hanging webs," and
"streamers of bright silk."
Workshop, the undergraduate
literary magazine, goes on sale
today. It will be available at
Tresidder, the Engineering Cor
ner, and the Post Office for ten
cents. Workshop is in its third
year of publishing throe issues
a quarter. Its goal is "to bridge
the gap between Stanford's lit
erary life and its everyday
world," according to Henry Al
loy, a founding editor.
Workshop encourages people

"to keep up correspondence be
tween themselves and their in
nermost thoughts, between their
innermost thoughts and the rest
of the student population," he
added.
Correspondents include Pris
cilla Jones who has written
three haiku collectively titled
"Spider Silk." Spider webs be
come variously "crystalline
lace," "torn hanging webs," and
"streamers of bright silk."
Workshop, the undergraduate
literary magazine, goes on sale
today. It will be available at
Tresidder, the Engineering Cor
ner, and the Post Office for ten
cents. Workshop is in its third
year of publishing throe issues
a quarter. Its goal is "to bridge
the gap between Stanford's lit
erary life and its everyday
world," according to Henry Al
loy, a founding editor.
Workshop encourages people

"to keep up correspondence be
tween themselves and their in
nermost thoughts, between their
innermost thoughts and the rest
of the student population," he
added.
Correspondents include Pris
cilla Jones who has written
three haiku collectively titled
"Spider Silk." Spider webs be
come variously "crystalline
lace," "torn hanging webs," and
"streamers of bright silk."
Workshop, the undergraduate
literary magazine, goes on sale
today. It will be available at
Tresidder, the Engineering Cor
ner, and the Post Office for ten
cents. Workshop is in its third
year of publishing throe issues
a quarter. Its goal is "to bridge
the gap between Stanford's lit
erary life and its everyday
world," according to Henry Al
loy, a founding editor.
Workshop encourages people

"to keep up correspondence be
tween themselves and their in
nermost thoughts, between their
innermost thoughts and the rest
of the student population," he
added.
Correspondents include Pris
cilla Jones who has written
three haiku collectively titled
"Spider Silk." Spider webs be
come variously "crystalline
lace," "torn hanging webs," and
"streamers of bright silk."
Workshop, the undergraduate
literary magazine, goes on sale
today. It will be available at
Tresidder, the Engineering Cor
ner, and the Post Office for ten
cents. Workshop is in its third
year of publishing throe issues
a quarter. Its goal is "to bridge
the gap between Stanford's lit
erary life and its everyday
world," according to Henry Al
loy, a founding editor.
Workshop encourages people

"to keep up correspondence be
tween themselves and their in
nermost thoughts, between their
innermost thoughts and the rest
of the student population," he
added.
Correspondents include Pris
cilla Jones who has written
three haiku collectively titled
"Spider Silk." Spider webs be
come variously "crystalline
lace," "torn hanging webs," and
"streamers of bright silk."
Workshop, the undergraduate
literary magazine, goes on sale
today. It will be available at
Tresidder, the Engineering Cor
ner, and the Post Office for ten
cents. Workshop is in its third
year of publishing throe issues
a quarter. Its goal is "to bridge
the gap between Stanford's lit
erary life and its everyday
world," according to Henry Al
loy, a founding editor.
Workshop encourages people

"to keep up correspondence be
tween themselves and their in
nermost thoughts, between their
innermost thoughts and the rest
of the student population," he
added.
Correspondents include Pris
cilla Jones who has written
three haiku collectively titled
"Spider Silk." Spider webs be
come variously "crystalline
lace," "torn hanging webs," and
"streamers of bright silk."
