# On The Ready
## 
### 

Brian Leek, Stanford's, number
one, readies for a return in
yesterday's match against San
Jose State at Stanford. Leek de
feated the Spartans' Greg; Shep
ard 6-2, 6-2 to start off a 9-0
sweep.

Brian Leek, Stanford's, number
one, readies for a return in
yesterday's match against San
Jose State at Stanford. Leek de
feated the Spartans' Greg; Shep
ard 6-2, 6-2 to start off a 9-0
sweep.

Brian Leek, Stanford's, number
one, readies for a return in
yesterday's match against San
Jose State at Stanford. Leek de
feated the Spartans' Greg; Shep
ard 6-2, 6-2 to start off a 9-0
sweep.

Brian Leek, Stanford's, number
one, readies for a return in
yesterday's match against San
Jose State at Stanford. Leek de
feated the Spartans' Greg; Shep
ard 6-2, 6-2 to start off a 9-0
sweep.

Brian Leek, Stanford's, number
one, readies for a return in
yesterday's match against San
Jose State at Stanford. Leek de
feated the Spartans' Greg; Shep
ard 6-2, 6-2 to start off a 9-0
sweep.

Brian Leek, Stanford's, number
one, readies for a return in
yesterday's match against San
Jose State at Stanford. Leek de
feated the Spartans' Greg; Shep
ard 6-2, 6-2 to start off a 9-0
sweep.

Brian Leek, Stanford's, number
one, readies for a return in
yesterday's match against San
Jose State at Stanford. Leek de
feated the Spartans' Greg; Shep
ard 6-2, 6-2 to start off a 9-0
sweep.

Brian Leek, Stanford's, number
one, readies for a return in
yesterday's match against San
Jose State at Stanford. Leek de
feated the Spartans' Greg; Shep
ard 6-2, 6-2 to start off a 9-0
sweep.

Brian Leek, Stanford's, number
one, readies for a return in
yesterday's match against San
Jose State at Stanford. Leek de
feated the Spartans' Greg; Shep
ard 6-2, 6-2 to start off a 9-0
sweep.

Brian Leek, Stanford's, number
one, readies for a return in
yesterday's match against San
Jose State at Stanford. Leek de
feated the Spartans' Greg; Shep
ard 6-2, 6-2 to start off a 9-0
sweep.

Brian Leek, Stanford's, number
one, readies for a return in
yesterday's match against San
Jose State at Stanford. Leek de
feated the Spartans' Greg; Shep
ard 6-2, 6-2 to start off a 9-0
sweep.

Brian Leek, Stanford's, number
one, readies for a return in
yesterday's match against San
Jose State at Stanford. Leek de
feated the Spartans' Greg; Shep
ard 6-2, 6-2 to start off a 9-0
sweep.

Brian Leek, Stanford's, number
one, readies for a return in
yesterday's match against San
Jose State at Stanford. Leek de
feated the Spartans' Greg; Shep
ard 6-2, 6-2 to start off a 9-0
sweep.

Brian Leek, Stanford's, number
one, readies for a return in
yesterday's match against San
Jose State at Stanford. Leek de
feated the Spartans' Greg; Shep
ard 6-2, 6-2 to start off a 9-0
sweep.

Brian Leek, Stanford's, number
one, readies for a return in
yesterday's match against San
Jose State at Stanford. Leek de
feated the Spartans' Greg; Shep
ard 6-2, 6-2 to start off a 9-0
sweep.
