# For Discus Distance
## 
### 

Tom Grimm whirls through In
the discus throw for extra dis
tance against USC Saturday at
Foothill J.C. Grimm's mighty
heave of 169' Vi" was good for
a second place behind the Tro
jan's Bob Carlsen whose flip
went 192' 8".

Tom Grimm whirls through In
the discus throw for extra dis
tance against USC Saturday at
Foothill J.C. Grimm's mighty
heave of 169' Vi" was good for
a second place behind the Tro
jan's Bob Carlsen whose flip
went 192' 8".

Tom Grimm whirls through In
the discus throw for extra dis
tance against USC Saturday at
Foothill J.C. Grimm's mighty
heave of 169' Vi" was good for
a second place behind the Tro
jan's Bob Carlsen whose flip
went 192' 8".

Tom Grimm whirls through In
the discus throw for extra dis
tance against USC Saturday at
Foothill J.C. Grimm's mighty
heave of 169' Vi" was good for
a second place behind the Tro
jan's Bob Carlsen whose flip
went 192' 8".

Tom Grimm whirls through In
the discus throw for extra dis
tance against USC Saturday at
Foothill J.C. Grimm's mighty
heave of 169' Vi" was good for
a second place behind the Tro
jan's Bob Carlsen whose flip
went 192' 8".

Tom Grimm whirls through In
the discus throw for extra dis
tance against USC Saturday at
Foothill J.C. Grimm's mighty
heave of 169' Vi" was good for
a second place behind the Tro
jan's Bob Carlsen whose flip
went 192' 8".

Tom Grimm whirls through In
the discus throw for extra dis
tance against USC Saturday at
Foothill J.C. Grimm's mighty
heave of 169' Vi" was good for
a second place behind the Tro
jan's Bob Carlsen whose flip
went 192' 8".

Tom Grimm whirls through In
the discus throw for extra dis
tance against USC Saturday at
Foothill J.C. Grimm's mighty
heave of 169' Vi" was good for
a second place behind the Tro
jan's Bob Carlsen whose flip
went 192' 8".

Tom Grimm whirls through In
the discus throw for extra dis
tance against USC Saturday at
Foothill J.C. Grimm's mighty
heave of 169' Vi" was good for
a second place behind the Tro
jan's Bob Carlsen whose flip
went 192' 8".

Tom Grimm whirls through In
the discus throw for extra dis
tance against USC Saturday at
Foothill J.C. Grimm's mighty
heave of 169' Vi" was good for
a second place behind the Tro
jan's Bob Carlsen whose flip
went 192' 8".

Tom Grimm whirls through In
the discus throw for extra dis
tance against USC Saturday at
Foothill J.C. Grimm's mighty
heave of 169' Vi" was good for
a second place behind the Tro
jan's Bob Carlsen whose flip
went 192' 8".

Tom Grimm whirls through In
the discus throw for extra dis
tance against USC Saturday at
Foothill J.C. Grimm's mighty
heave of 169' Vi" was good for
a second place behind the Tro
jan's Bob Carlsen whose flip
went 192' 8".

Tom Grimm whirls through In
the discus throw for extra dis
tance against USC Saturday at
Foothill J.C. Grimm's mighty
heave of 169' Vi" was good for
a second place behind the Tro
jan's Bob Carlsen whose flip
went 192' 8".

Tom Grimm whirls through In
the discus throw for extra dis
tance against USC Saturday at
Foothill J.C. Grimm's mighty
heave of 169' Vi" was good for
a second place behind the Tro
jan's Bob Carlsen whose flip
went 192' 8".

Tom Grimm whirls through In
the discus throw for extra dis
tance against USC Saturday at
Foothill J.C. Grimm's mighty
heave of 169' Vi" was good for
a second place behind the Tro
jan's Bob Carlsen whose flip
went 192' 8".
