# Harvard Psychiatrist Sees Need For More Doctors
## 
### 
In a lecture as part of the
series Progress In Medicine
sponsored by the Stanford Med
ical School, Dr. Erich Linde
mann said that psychiatry's
success may swamp the profes
sion.
As Professor Emeritus of
psychiatry at Harvard Medical
School, he cited the great in
crease in patients seeking help
and the comparitive shortage of
psychiatrists to treat all of
them. Lindemann indicated it
would be better to try to pre
vent mental illness and to dis
cover its social causes.
The profession has made a
start. It stresses the important
ance of having more and better
schools, teachers, and play
grounds. But school boards gen
erally regard such measures as
too expensive or irrelevant and
the public also does not think

of them as being basic to the
mental health.
The afult does not lie entirely
with the laymen; the psychiat
rist and his team are reluctant
to abandon their traditional
roles to adapt to community
mental health practice. Prof.
Lindemann added that the psy
chiatrist must begin to compare
notes with clergymen, teachers,
politicians and other commun
ity leaders.
As an experiemntal psychi
atrist, Dr. Lindemann has pio
neered in community mental
health practice. He has con
ducted studies on how people
react to loss and grief. From
these studies he has developed
an unique approach to mental
disease in an American com
munity.
Lindemann is currently act
ing as a visiting professor in
the medical school.
In a lecture as part of the
series Progress In Medicine
sponsored by the Stanford Med
ical School, Dr. Erich Linde
mann said that psychiatry's
success may swamp the profes
sion.
As Professor Emeritus of
psychiatry at Harvard Medical
School, he cited the great in
crease in patients seeking help
and the comparitive shortage of
psychiatrists to treat all of
them. Lindemann indicated it
would be better to try to pre
vent mental illness and to dis
cover its social causes.
The profession has made a
start. It stresses the important
ance of having more and better
schools, teachers, and play
grounds. But school boards gen
erally regard such measures as
too expensive or irrelevant and
the public also does not think

of them as being basic to the
mental health.
The afult does not lie entirely
with the laymen; the psychiat
rist and his team are reluctant
to abandon their traditional
roles to adapt to community
mental health practice. Prof.
Lindemann added that the psy
chiatrist must begin to compare
notes with clergymen, teachers,
politicians and other commun
ity leaders.
As an experiemntal psychi
atrist, Dr. Lindemann has pio
neered in community mental
health practice. He has con
ducted studies on how people
react to loss and grief. From
these studies he has developed
an unique approach to mental
disease in an American com
munity.
Lindemann is currently act
ing as a visiting professor in
the medical school.
In a lecture as part of the
series Progress In Medicine
sponsored by the Stanford Med
ical School, Dr. Erich Linde
mann said that psychiatry's
success may swamp the profes
sion.
As Professor Emeritus of
psychiatry at Harvard Medical
School, he cited the great in
crease in patients seeking help
and the comparitive shortage of
psychiatrists to treat all of
them. Lindemann indicated it
would be better to try to pre
vent mental illness and to dis
cover its social causes.
The profession has made a
start. It stresses the important
ance of having more and better
schools, teachers, and play
grounds. But school boards gen
erally regard such measures as
too expensive or irrelevant and
the public also does not think

of them as being basic to the
mental health.
The afult does not lie entirely
with the laymen; the psychiat
rist and his team are reluctant
to abandon their traditional
roles to adapt to community
mental health practice. Prof.
Lindemann added that the psy
chiatrist must begin to compare
notes with clergymen, teachers,
politicians and other commun
ity leaders.
As an experiemntal psychi
atrist, Dr. Lindemann has pio
neered in community mental
health practice. He has con
ducted studies on how people
react to loss and grief. From
these studies he has developed
an unique approach to mental
disease in an American com
munity.
Lindemann is currently act
ing as a visiting professor in
the medical school.
In a lecture as part of the
series Progress In Medicine
sponsored by the Stanford Med
ical School, Dr. Erich Linde
mann said that psychiatry's
success may swamp the profes
sion.
As Professor Emeritus of
psychiatry at Harvard Medical
School, he cited the great in
crease in patients seeking help
and the comparitive shortage of
psychiatrists to treat all of
them. Lindemann indicated it
would be better to try to pre
vent mental illness and to dis
cover its social causes.
The profession has made a
start. It stresses the important
ance of having more and better
schools, teachers, and play
grounds. But school boards gen
erally regard such measures as
too expensive or irrelevant and
the public also does not think

of them as being basic to the
mental health.
The afult does not lie entirely
with the laymen; the psychiat
rist and his team are reluctant
to abandon their traditional
roles to adapt to community
mental health practice. Prof.
Lindemann added that the psy
chiatrist must begin to compare
notes with clergymen, teachers,
politicians and other commun
ity leaders.
As an experiemntal psychi
atrist, Dr. Lindemann has pio
neered in community mental
health practice. He has con
ducted studies on how people
react to loss and grief. From
these studies he has developed
an unique approach to mental
disease in an American com
munity.
Lindemann is currently act
ing as a visiting professor in
the medical school.
In a lecture as part of the
series Progress In Medicine
sponsored by the Stanford Med
ical School, Dr. Erich Linde
mann said that psychiatry's
success may swamp the profes
sion.
As Professor Emeritus of
psychiatry at Harvard Medical
School, he cited the great in
crease in patients seeking help
and the comparitive shortage of
psychiatrists to treat all of
them. Lindemann indicated it
would be better to try to pre
vent mental illness and to dis
cover its social causes.
The profession has made a
start. It stresses the important
ance of having more and better
schools, teachers, and play
grounds. But school boards gen
erally regard such measures as
too expensive or irrelevant and
the public also does not think

of them as being basic to the
mental health.
The afult does not lie entirely
with the laymen; the psychiat
rist and his team are reluctant
to abandon their traditional
roles to adapt to community
mental health practice. Prof.
Lindemann added that the psy
chiatrist must begin to compare
notes with clergymen, teachers,
politicians and other commun
ity leaders.
As an experiemntal psychi
atrist, Dr. Lindemann has pio
neered in community mental
health practice. He has con
ducted studies on how people
react to loss and grief. From
these studies he has developed
an unique approach to mental
disease in an American com
munity.
Lindemann is currently act
ing as a visiting professor in
the medical school.
In a lecture as part of the
series Progress In Medicine
sponsored by the Stanford Med
ical School, Dr. Erich Linde
mann said that psychiatry's
success may swamp the profes
sion.
As Professor Emeritus of
psychiatry at Harvard Medical
School, he cited the great in
crease in patients seeking help
and the comparitive shortage of
psychiatrists to treat all of
them. Lindemann indicated it
would be better to try to pre
vent mental illness and to dis
cover its social causes.
The profession has made a
start. It stresses the important
ance of having more and better
schools, teachers, and play
grounds. But school boards gen
erally regard such measures as
too expensive or irrelevant and
the public also does not think

of them as being basic to the
mental health.
The afult does not lie entirely
with the laymen; the psychiat
rist and his team are reluctant
to abandon their traditional
roles to adapt to community
mental health practice. Prof.
Lindemann added that the psy
chiatrist must begin to compare
notes with clergymen, teachers,
politicians and other commun
ity leaders.
As an experiemntal psychi
atrist, Dr. Lindemann has pio
neered in community mental
health practice. He has con
ducted studies on how people
react to loss and grief. From
these studies he has developed
an unique approach to mental
disease in an American com
munity.
Lindemann is currently act
ing as a visiting professor in
the medical school.
In a lecture as part of the
series Progress In Medicine
sponsored by the Stanford Med
ical School, Dr. Erich Linde
mann said that psychiatry's
success may swamp the profes
sion.
As Professor Emeritus of
psychiatry at Harvard Medical
School, he cited the great in
crease in patients seeking help
and the comparitive shortage of
psychiatrists to treat all of
them. Lindemann indicated it
would be better to try to pre
vent mental illness and to dis
cover its social causes.
The profession has made a
start. It stresses the important
ance of having more and better
schools, teachers, and play
grounds. But school boards gen
erally regard such measures as
too expensive or irrelevant and
the public also does not think

of them as being basic to the
mental health.
The afult does not lie entirely
with the laymen; the psychiat
rist and his team are reluctant
to abandon their traditional
roles to adapt to community
mental health practice. Prof.
Lindemann added that the psy
chiatrist must begin to compare
notes with clergymen, teachers,
politicians and other commun
ity leaders.
As an experiemntal psychi
atrist, Dr. Lindemann has pio
neered in community mental
health practice. He has con
ducted studies on how people
react to loss and grief. From
these studies he has developed
an unique approach to mental
disease in an American com
munity.
Lindemann is currently act
ing as a visiting professor in
the medical school.
In a lecture as part of the
series Progress In Medicine
sponsored by the Stanford Med
ical School, Dr. Erich Linde
mann said that psychiatry's
success may swamp the profes
sion.
As Professor Emeritus of
psychiatry at Harvard Medical
School, he cited the great in
crease in patients seeking help
and the comparitive shortage of
psychiatrists to treat all of
them. Lindemann indicated it
would be better to try to pre
vent mental illness and to dis
cover its social causes.
The profession has made a
start. It stresses the important
ance of having more and better
schools, teachers, and play
grounds. But school boards gen
erally regard such measures as
too expensive or irrelevant and
the public also does not think

of them as being basic to the
mental health.
The afult does not lie entirely
with the laymen; the psychiat
rist and his team are reluctant
to abandon their traditional
roles to adapt to community
mental health practice. Prof.
Lindemann added that the psy
chiatrist must begin to compare
notes with clergymen, teachers,
politicians and other commun
ity leaders.
As an experiemntal psychi
atrist, Dr. Lindemann has pio
neered in community mental
health practice. He has con
ducted studies on how people
react to loss and grief. From
these studies he has developed
an unique approach to mental
disease in an American com
munity.
Lindemann is currently act
ing as a visiting professor in
the medical school.
In a lecture as part of the
series Progress In Medicine
sponsored by the Stanford Med
ical School, Dr. Erich Linde
mann said that psychiatry's
success may swamp the profes
sion.
As Professor Emeritus of
psychiatry at Harvard Medical
School, he cited the great in
crease in patients seeking help
and the comparitive shortage of
psychiatrists to treat all of
them. Lindemann indicated it
would be better to try to pre
vent mental illness and to dis
cover its social causes.
The profession has made a
start. It stresses the important
ance of having more and better
schools, teachers, and play
grounds. But school boards gen
erally regard such measures as
too expensive or irrelevant and
the public also does not think

of them as being basic to the
mental health.
The afult does not lie entirely
with the laymen; the psychiat
rist and his team are reluctant
to abandon their traditional
roles to adapt to community
mental health practice. Prof.
Lindemann added that the psy
chiatrist must begin to compare
notes with clergymen, teachers,
politicians and other commun
ity leaders.
As an experiemntal psychi
atrist, Dr. Lindemann has pio
neered in community mental
health practice. He has con
ducted studies on how people
react to loss and grief. From
these studies he has developed
an unique approach to mental
disease in an American com
munity.
Lindemann is currently act
ing as a visiting professor in
the medical school.
In a lecture as part of the
series Progress In Medicine
sponsored by the Stanford Med
ical School, Dr. Erich Linde
mann said that psychiatry's
success may swamp the profes
sion.
As Professor Emeritus of
psychiatry at Harvard Medical
School, he cited the great in
crease in patients seeking help
and the comparitive shortage of
psychiatrists to treat all of
them. Lindemann indicated it
would be better to try to pre
vent mental illness and to dis
cover its social causes.
The profession has made a
start. It stresses the important
ance of having more and better
schools, teachers, and play
grounds. But school boards gen
erally regard such measures as
too expensive or irrelevant and
the public also does not think

of them as being basic to the
mental health.
The afult does not lie entirely
with the laymen; the psychiat
rist and his team are reluctant
to abandon their traditional
roles to adapt to community
mental health practice. Prof.
Lindemann added that the psy
chiatrist must begin to compare
notes with clergymen, teachers,
politicians and other commun
ity leaders.
As an experiemntal psychi
atrist, Dr. Lindemann has pio
neered in community mental
health practice. He has con
ducted studies on how people
react to loss and grief. From
these studies he has developed
an unique approach to mental
disease in an American com
munity.
Lindemann is currently act
ing as a visiting professor in
the medical school.
In a lecture as part of the
series Progress In Medicine
sponsored by the Stanford Med
ical School, Dr. Erich Linde
mann said that psychiatry's
success may swamp the profes
sion.
As Professor Emeritus of
psychiatry at Harvard Medical
School, he cited the great in
crease in patients seeking help
and the comparitive shortage of
psychiatrists to treat all of
them. Lindemann indicated it
would be better to try to pre
vent mental illness and to dis
cover its social causes.
The profession has made a
start. It stresses the important
ance of having more and better
schools, teachers, and play
grounds. But school boards gen
erally regard such measures as
too expensive or irrelevant and
the public also does not think

of them as being basic to the
mental health.
The afult does not lie entirely
with the laymen; the psychiat
rist and his team are reluctant
to abandon their traditional
roles to adapt to community
mental health practice. Prof.
Lindemann added that the psy
chiatrist must begin to compare
notes with clergymen, teachers,
politicians and other commun
ity leaders.
As an experiemntal psychi
atrist, Dr. Lindemann has pio
neered in community mental
health practice. He has con
ducted studies on how people
react to loss and grief. From
these studies he has developed
an unique approach to mental
disease in an American com
munity.
Lindemann is currently act
ing as a visiting professor in
the medical school.
In a lecture as part of the
series Progress In Medicine
sponsored by the Stanford Med
ical School, Dr. Erich Linde
mann said that psychiatry's
success may swamp the profes
sion.
As Professor Emeritus of
psychiatry at Harvard Medical
School, he cited the great in
crease in patients seeking help
and the comparitive shortage of
psychiatrists to treat all of
them. Lindemann indicated it
would be better to try to pre
vent mental illness and to dis
cover its social causes.
The profession has made a
start. It stresses the important
ance of having more and better
schools, teachers, and play
grounds. But school boards gen
erally regard such measures as
too expensive or irrelevant and
the public also does not think

of them as being basic to the
mental health.
The afult does not lie entirely
with the laymen; the psychiat
rist and his team are reluctant
to abandon their traditional
roles to adapt to community
mental health practice. Prof.
Lindemann added that the psy
chiatrist must begin to compare
notes with clergymen, teachers,
politicians and other commun
ity leaders.
As an experiemntal psychi
atrist, Dr. Lindemann has pio
neered in community mental
health practice. He has con
ducted studies on how people
react to loss and grief. From
these studies he has developed
an unique approach to mental
disease in an American com
munity.
Lindemann is currently act
ing as a visiting professor in
the medical school.
In a lecture as part of the
series Progress In Medicine
sponsored by the Stanford Med
ical School, Dr. Erich Linde
mann said that psychiatry's
success may swamp the profes
sion.
As Professor Emeritus of
psychiatry at Harvard Medical
School, he cited the great in
crease in patients seeking help
and the comparitive shortage of
psychiatrists to treat all of
them. Lindemann indicated it
would be better to try to pre
vent mental illness and to dis
cover its social causes.
The profession has made a
start. It stresses the important
ance of having more and better
schools, teachers, and play
grounds. But school boards gen
erally regard such measures as
too expensive or irrelevant and
the public also does not think

of them as being basic to the
mental health.
The afult does not lie entirely
with the laymen; the psychiat
rist and his team are reluctant
to abandon their traditional
roles to adapt to community
mental health practice. Prof.
Lindemann added that the psy
chiatrist must begin to compare
notes with clergymen, teachers,
politicians and other commun
ity leaders.
As an experiemntal psychi
atrist, Dr. Lindemann has pio
neered in community mental
health practice. He has con
ducted studies on how people
react to loss and grief. From
these studies he has developed
an unique approach to mental
disease in an American com
munity.
Lindemann is currently act
ing as a visiting professor in
the medical school.
In a lecture as part of the
series Progress In Medicine
sponsored by the Stanford Med
ical School, Dr. Erich Linde
mann said that psychiatry's
success may swamp the profes
sion.
As Professor Emeritus of
psychiatry at Harvard Medical
School, he cited the great in
crease in patients seeking help
and the comparitive shortage of
psychiatrists to treat all of
them. Lindemann indicated it
would be better to try to pre
vent mental illness and to dis
cover its social causes.
The profession has made a
start. It stresses the important
ance of having more and better
schools, teachers, and play
grounds. But school boards gen
erally regard such measures as
too expensive or irrelevant and
the public also does not think

of them as being basic to the
mental health.
The afult does not lie entirely
with the laymen; the psychiat
rist and his team are reluctant
to abandon their traditional
roles to adapt to community
mental health practice. Prof.
Lindemann added that the psy
chiatrist must begin to compare
notes with clergymen, teachers,
politicians and other commun
ity leaders.
As an experiemntal psychi
atrist, Dr. Lindemann has pio
neered in community mental
health practice. He has con
ducted studies on how people
react to loss and grief. From
these studies he has developed
an unique approach to mental
disease in an American com
munity.
Lindemann is currently act
ing as a visiting professor in
the medical school.
In a lecture as part of the
series Progress In Medicine
sponsored by the Stanford Med
ical School, Dr. Erich Linde
mann said that psychiatry's
success may swamp the profes
sion.
As Professor Emeritus of
psychiatry at Harvard Medical
School, he cited the great in
crease in patients seeking help
and the comparitive shortage of
psychiatrists to treat all of
them. Lindemann indicated it
would be better to try to pre
vent mental illness and to dis
cover its social causes.
The profession has made a
start. It stresses the important
ance of having more and better
schools, teachers, and play
grounds. But school boards gen
erally regard such measures as
too expensive or irrelevant and
the public also does not think

of them as being basic to the
mental health.
The afult does not lie entirely
with the laymen; the psychiat
rist and his team are reluctant
to abandon their traditional
roles to adapt to community
mental health practice. Prof.
Lindemann added that the psy
chiatrist must begin to compare
notes with clergymen, teachers,
politicians and other commun
ity leaders.
As an experiemntal psychi
atrist, Dr. Lindemann has pio
neered in community mental
health practice. He has con
ducted studies on how people
react to loss and grief. From
these studies he has developed
an unique approach to mental
disease in an American com
munity.
Lindemann is currently act
ing as a visiting professor in
the medical school.
