# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Prof. C.L. Franks and seven
year-old daughter Lillian, "world
champion skaters," appeared here
in 1906.
Prof. C.L. Franks and seven
year-old daughter Lillian, "world
champion skaters," appeared here
in 1906.
Prof. C.L. Franks and seven
year-old daughter Lillian, "world
champion skaters," appeared here
in 1906.
Prof. C.L. Franks and seven
year-old daughter Lillian, "world
champion skaters," appeared here
in 1906.
Prof. C.L. Franks and seven
year-old daughter Lillian, "world
champion skaters," appeared here
in 1906.
Prof. C.L. Franks and seven
year-old daughter Lillian, "world
champion skaters," appeared here
in 1906.
Prof. C.L. Franks and seven
year-old daughter Lillian, "world
champion skaters," appeared here
in 1906.
Prof. C.L. Franks and seven
year-old daughter Lillian, "world
champion skaters," appeared here
in 1906.
Prof. C.L. Franks and seven
year-old daughter Lillian, "world
champion skaters," appeared here
in 1906.
Prof. C.L. Franks and seven
year-old daughter Lillian, "world
champion skaters," appeared here
in 1906.
Prof. C.L. Franks and seven
year-old daughter Lillian, "world
champion skaters," appeared here
in 1906.
Prof. C.L. Franks and seven
year-old daughter Lillian, "world
champion skaters," appeared here
in 1906.
Prof. C.L. Franks and seven
year-old daughter Lillian, "world
champion skaters," appeared here
in 1906.
Prof. C.L. Franks and seven
year-old daughter Lillian, "world
champion skaters," appeared here
in 1906.
Prof. C.L. Franks and seven
year-old daughter Lillian, "world
champion skaters," appeared here
in 1906.
Prof. C.L. Franks and seven
year-old daughter Lillian, "world
champion skaters," appeared here
in 1906.
