# ENGINEERING MAJORS PLAN PUBLICATION OF STANFORD MAGAZINE
## 
### 
In order to formulate definite plans
for publishing a Stanford Engineering
Journal, engineering students, to
gether with majors in the Geology and
Mining departments, will meet at 7:30
o'clock this evening in Room 268. A
board will be elected at this time to
conduct the proposed journal, while
details of the publication will also be
discussed.
Lewis O. Howell, '27, who is initiat
ing the magazine, will conduct the
meeting. An editorial board includes
an executive editor, a business man
ager, an editpr to conduct the student
section of the magazine, which will be
published monthly by the Stanford
engineers, an alumni editor, and a
treasurer-auditor. The publication will
be supported by subscriptions from
students, professors, and alumni, to
gether with advertising solicited by
the business staff.
Twenty-one engineering schools at
present publishing magazines are now
enrolled in the association, which in
cludes publications with a combined
circulation of more than live hundred
subscribers.
Howell has secured the support of
engineering professors who have been
approached on the matter, while the
Board of Publications of the Stanford
Engineering School went on record at
its meeting yesterday as favoring such
a magazine.
Displomas presented to graduates
from the University of Texas will have
hand-lettered names on them.
In order to formulate definite plans
for publishing a Stanford Engineering
Journal, engineering students, to
gether with majors in the Geology and
Mining departments, will meet at 7:30
o'clock this evening in Room 268. A
board will be elected at this time to
conduct the proposed journal, while
details of the publication will also be
discussed.
Lewis O. Howell, '27, who is initiat
ing the magazine, will conduct the
meeting. An editorial board includes
an executive editor, a business man
ager, an editpr to conduct the student
section of the magazine, which will be
published monthly by the Stanford
engineers, an alumni editor, and a
treasurer-auditor. The publication will
be supported by subscriptions from
students, professors, and alumni, to
gether with advertising solicited by
the business staff.
Twenty-one engineering schools at
present publishing magazines are now
enrolled in the association, which in
cludes publications with a combined
circulation of more than live hundred
subscribers.
Howell has secured the support of
engineering professors who have been
approached on the matter, while the
Board of Publications of the Stanford
Engineering School went on record at
its meeting yesterday as favoring such
a magazine.
Displomas presented to graduates
from the University of Texas will have
hand-lettered names on them.
In order to formulate definite plans
for publishing a Stanford Engineering
Journal, engineering students, to
gether with majors in the Geology and
Mining departments, will meet at 7:30
o'clock this evening in Room 268. A
board will be elected at this time to
conduct the proposed journal, while
details of the publication will also be
discussed.
Lewis O. Howell, '27, who is initiat
ing the magazine, will conduct the
meeting. An editorial board includes
an executive editor, a business man
ager, an editpr to conduct the student
section of the magazine, which will be
published monthly by the Stanford
engineers, an alumni editor, and a
treasurer-auditor. The publication will
be supported by subscriptions from
students, professors, and alumni, to
gether with advertising solicited by
the business staff.
Twenty-one engineering schools at
present publishing magazines are now
enrolled in the association, which in
cludes publications with a combined
circulation of more than live hundred
subscribers.
Howell has secured the support of
engineering professors who have been
approached on the matter, while the
Board of Publications of the Stanford
Engineering School went on record at
its meeting yesterday as favoring such
a magazine.
Displomas presented to graduates
from the University of Texas will have
hand-lettered names on them.
In order to formulate definite plans
for publishing a Stanford Engineering
Journal, engineering students, to
gether with majors in the Geology and
Mining departments, will meet at 7:30
o'clock this evening in Room 268. A
board will be elected at this time to
conduct the proposed journal, while
details of the publication will also be
discussed.
Lewis O. Howell, '27, who is initiat
ing the magazine, will conduct the
meeting. An editorial board includes
an executive editor, a business man
ager, an editpr to conduct the student
section of the magazine, which will be
published monthly by the Stanford
engineers, an alumni editor, and a
treasurer-auditor. The publication will
be supported by subscriptions from
students, professors, and alumni, to
gether with advertising solicited by
the business staff.
Twenty-one engineering schools at
present publishing magazines are now
enrolled in the association, which in
cludes publications with a combined
circulation of more than live hundred
subscribers.
Howell has secured the support of
engineering professors who have been
approached on the matter, while the
Board of Publications of the Stanford
Engineering School went on record at
its meeting yesterday as favoring such
a magazine.
Displomas presented to graduates
from the University of Texas will have
hand-lettered names on them.
In order to formulate definite plans
for publishing a Stanford Engineering
Journal, engineering students, to
gether with majors in the Geology and
Mining departments, will meet at 7:30
o'clock this evening in Room 268. A
board will be elected at this time to
conduct the proposed journal, while
details of the publication will also be
discussed.
Lewis O. Howell, '27, who is initiat
ing the magazine, will conduct the
meeting. An editorial board includes
an executive editor, a business man
ager, an editpr to conduct the student
section of the magazine, which will be
published monthly by the Stanford
engineers, an alumni editor, and a
treasurer-auditor. The publication will
be supported by subscriptions from
students, professors, and alumni, to
gether with advertising solicited by
the business staff.
Twenty-one engineering schools at
present publishing magazines are now
enrolled in the association, which in
cludes publications with a combined
circulation of more than live hundred
subscribers.
Howell has secured the support of
engineering professors who have been
approached on the matter, while the
Board of Publications of the Stanford
Engineering School went on record at
its meeting yesterday as favoring such
a magazine.
Displomas presented to graduates
from the University of Texas will have
hand-lettered names on them.
In order to formulate definite plans
for publishing a Stanford Engineering
Journal, engineering students, to
gether with majors in the Geology and
Mining departments, will meet at 7:30
o'clock this evening in Room 268. A
board will be elected at this time to
conduct the proposed journal, while
details of the publication will also be
discussed.
Lewis O. Howell, '27, who is initiat
ing the magazine, will conduct the
meeting. An editorial board includes
an executive editor, a business man
ager, an editpr to conduct the student
section of the magazine, which will be
published monthly by the Stanford
engineers, an alumni editor, and a
treasurer-auditor. The publication will
be supported by subscriptions from
students, professors, and alumni, to
gether with advertising solicited by
the business staff.
Twenty-one engineering schools at
present publishing magazines are now
enrolled in the association, which in
cludes publications with a combined
circulation of more than live hundred
subscribers.
Howell has secured the support of
engineering professors who have been
approached on the matter, while the
Board of Publications of the Stanford
Engineering School went on record at
its meeting yesterday as favoring such
a magazine.
Displomas presented to graduates
from the University of Texas will have
hand-lettered names on them.
In order to formulate definite plans
for publishing a Stanford Engineering
Journal, engineering students, to
gether with majors in the Geology and
Mining departments, will meet at 7:30
o'clock this evening in Room 268. A
board will be elected at this time to
conduct the proposed journal, while
details of the publication will also be
discussed.
Lewis O. Howell, '27, who is initiat
ing the magazine, will conduct the
meeting. An editorial board includes
an executive editor, a business man
ager, an editpr to conduct the student
section of the magazine, which will be
published monthly by the Stanford
engineers, an alumni editor, and a
treasurer-auditor. The publication will
be supported by subscriptions from
students, professors, and alumni, to
gether with advertising solicited by
the business staff.
Twenty-one engineering schools at
present publishing magazines are now
enrolled in the association, which in
cludes publications with a combined
circulation of more than live hundred
subscribers.
Howell has secured the support of
engineering professors who have been
approached on the matter, while the
Board of Publications of the Stanford
Engineering School went on record at
its meeting yesterday as favoring such
a magazine.
Displomas presented to graduates
from the University of Texas will have
hand-lettered names on them.
In order to formulate definite plans
for publishing a Stanford Engineering
Journal, engineering students, to
gether with majors in the Geology and
Mining departments, will meet at 7:30
o'clock this evening in Room 268. A
board will be elected at this time to
conduct the proposed journal, while
details of the publication will also be
discussed.
Lewis O. Howell, '27, who is initiat
ing the magazine, will conduct the
meeting. An editorial board includes
an executive editor, a business man
ager, an editpr to conduct the student
section of the magazine, which will be
published monthly by the Stanford
engineers, an alumni editor, and a
treasurer-auditor. The publication will
be supported by subscriptions from
students, professors, and alumni, to
gether with advertising solicited by
the business staff.
Twenty-one engineering schools at
present publishing magazines are now
enrolled in the association, which in
cludes publications with a combined
circulation of more than live hundred
subscribers.
Howell has secured the support of
engineering professors who have been
approached on the matter, while the
Board of Publications of the Stanford
Engineering School went on record at
its meeting yesterday as favoring such
a magazine.
Displomas presented to graduates
from the University of Texas will have
hand-lettered names on them.
In order to formulate definite plans
for publishing a Stanford Engineering
Journal, engineering students, to
gether with majors in the Geology and
Mining departments, will meet at 7:30
o'clock this evening in Room 268. A
board will be elected at this time to
conduct the proposed journal, while
details of the publication will also be
discussed.
Lewis O. Howell, '27, who is initiat
ing the magazine, will conduct the
meeting. An editorial board includes
an executive editor, a business man
ager, an editpr to conduct the student
section of the magazine, which will be
published monthly by the Stanford
engineers, an alumni editor, and a
treasurer-auditor. The publication will
be supported by subscriptions from
students, professors, and alumni, to
gether with advertising solicited by
the business staff.
Twenty-one engineering schools at
present publishing magazines are now
enrolled in the association, which in
cludes publications with a combined
circulation of more than live hundred
subscribers.
Howell has secured the support of
engineering professors who have been
approached on the matter, while the
Board of Publications of the Stanford
Engineering School went on record at
its meeting yesterday as favoring such
a magazine.
Displomas presented to graduates
from the University of Texas will have
hand-lettered names on them.
In order to formulate definite plans
for publishing a Stanford Engineering
Journal, engineering students, to
gether with majors in the Geology and
Mining departments, will meet at 7:30
o'clock this evening in Room 268. A
board will be elected at this time to
conduct the proposed journal, while
details of the publication will also be
discussed.
Lewis O. Howell, '27, who is initiat
ing the magazine, will conduct the
meeting. An editorial board includes
an executive editor, a business man
ager, an editpr to conduct the student
section of the magazine, which will be
published monthly by the Stanford
engineers, an alumni editor, and a
treasurer-auditor. The publication will
be supported by subscriptions from
students, professors, and alumni, to
gether with advertising solicited by
the business staff.
Twenty-one engineering schools at
present publishing magazines are now
enrolled in the association, which in
cludes publications with a combined
circulation of more than live hundred
subscribers.
Howell has secured the support of
engineering professors who have been
approached on the matter, while the
Board of Publications of the Stanford
Engineering School went on record at
its meeting yesterday as favoring such
a magazine.
Displomas presented to graduates
from the University of Texas will have
hand-lettered names on them.
In order to formulate definite plans
for publishing a Stanford Engineering
Journal, engineering students, to
gether with majors in the Geology and
Mining departments, will meet at 7:30
o'clock this evening in Room 268. A
board will be elected at this time to
conduct the proposed journal, while
details of the publication will also be
discussed.
Lewis O. Howell, '27, who is initiat
ing the magazine, will conduct the
meeting. An editorial board includes
an executive editor, a business man
ager, an editpr to conduct the student
section of the magazine, which will be
published monthly by the Stanford
engineers, an alumni editor, and a
treasurer-auditor. The publication will
be supported by subscriptions from
students, professors, and alumni, to
gether with advertising solicited by
the business staff.
Twenty-one engineering schools at
present publishing magazines are now
enrolled in the association, which in
cludes publications with a combined
circulation of more than live hundred
subscribers.
Howell has secured the support of
engineering professors who have been
approached on the matter, while the
Board of Publications of the Stanford
Engineering School went on record at
its meeting yesterday as favoring such
a magazine.
Displomas presented to graduates
from the University of Texas will have
hand-lettered names on them.
In order to formulate definite plans
for publishing a Stanford Engineering
Journal, engineering students, to
gether with majors in the Geology and
Mining departments, will meet at 7:30
o'clock this evening in Room 268. A
board will be elected at this time to
conduct the proposed journal, while
details of the publication will also be
discussed.
Lewis O. Howell, '27, who is initiat
ing the magazine, will conduct the
meeting. An editorial board includes
an executive editor, a business man
ager, an editpr to conduct the student
section of the magazine, which will be
published monthly by the Stanford
engineers, an alumni editor, and a
treasurer-auditor. The publication will
be supported by subscriptions from
students, professors, and alumni, to
gether with advertising solicited by
the business staff.
Twenty-one engineering schools at
present publishing magazines are now
enrolled in the association, which in
cludes publications with a combined
circulation of more than live hundred
subscribers.
Howell has secured the support of
engineering professors who have been
approached on the matter, while the
Board of Publications of the Stanford
Engineering School went on record at
its meeting yesterday as favoring such
a magazine.
Displomas presented to graduates
from the University of Texas will have
hand-lettered names on them.
In order to formulate definite plans
for publishing a Stanford Engineering
Journal, engineering students, to
gether with majors in the Geology and
Mining departments, will meet at 7:30
o'clock this evening in Room 268. A
board will be elected at this time to
conduct the proposed journal, while
details of the publication will also be
discussed.
Lewis O. Howell, '27, who is initiat
ing the magazine, will conduct the
meeting. An editorial board includes
an executive editor, a business man
ager, an editpr to conduct the student
section of the magazine, which will be
published monthly by the Stanford
engineers, an alumni editor, and a
treasurer-auditor. The publication will
be supported by subscriptions from
students, professors, and alumni, to
gether with advertising solicited by
the business staff.
Twenty-one engineering schools at
present publishing magazines are now
enrolled in the association, which in
cludes publications with a combined
circulation of more than live hundred
subscribers.
Howell has secured the support of
engineering professors who have been
approached on the matter, while the
Board of Publications of the Stanford
Engineering School went on record at
its meeting yesterday as favoring such
a magazine.
Displomas presented to graduates
from the University of Texas will have
hand-lettered names on them.
In order to formulate definite plans
for publishing a Stanford Engineering
Journal, engineering students, to
gether with majors in the Geology and
Mining departments, will meet at 7:30
o'clock this evening in Room 268. A
board will be elected at this time to
conduct the proposed journal, while
details of the publication will also be
discussed.
Lewis O. Howell, '27, who is initiat
ing the magazine, will conduct the
meeting. An editorial board includes
an executive editor, a business man
ager, an editpr to conduct the student
section of the magazine, which will be
published monthly by the Stanford
engineers, an alumni editor, and a
treasurer-auditor. The publication will
be supported by subscriptions from
students, professors, and alumni, to
gether with advertising solicited by
the business staff.
Twenty-one engineering schools at
present publishing magazines are now
enrolled in the association, which in
cludes publications with a combined
circulation of more than live hundred
subscribers.
Howell has secured the support of
engineering professors who have been
approached on the matter, while the
Board of Publications of the Stanford
Engineering School went on record at
its meeting yesterday as favoring such
a magazine.
Displomas presented to graduates
from the University of Texas will have
hand-lettered names on them.
