# ALMACK ADVOCATES STRICT REGULATION OF MAIL EDUCATION
## 
### 
"There is only one type of legal
machinery that can treat the case of
the correspondence school, and unless
the people engaged in education take
some action in the matter, there will
undoubtedly be some legislation
passed which will be harmful to the
public school," stated Dr. John C. Al
mack in speaking on "The Regulation
of Private Schools" before a joint
meeting of Pi Lambda Theta and Phi
Delta last evening.
These correspondence schools make
claims which they are not prepared to
fulfill, and although there is some
pressure being brought to bear upon
them by the Better Advertising Asso
ciation, they cannot be completely ex
terminated, nor can they be regulated.
They affect college students who are
preparing to be educators, since they
grant degrees which they claim equiva
lent to those issued by any college in
the country, although they have no
such authority.
Dr. Almack concluded by saying that
he had two suggestions that he was
going to bring up before the state
legislature very shortly: "First, that
we in California enact a law similar
to that now enforced in New York, re
quiring that no school be allowed to
transact business until so authorized
by a state certificate; and second, that
we commence a campaign for the
regulation of private education by
passing a federal law to the effect
that no new school shall be organized
until it has obtained from the State
Board of Education a certificate of
necessity—this last as an economic
principle."
"Freshman Week" is being planned
at Washington State College. All in
coming freshmen will have the college
to themselves. ,
"There is only one type of legal
machinery that can treat the case of
the correspondence school, and unless
the people engaged in education take
some action in the matter, there will
undoubtedly be some legislation
passed which will be harmful to the
public school," stated Dr. John C. Al
mack in speaking on "The Regulation
of Private Schools" before a joint
meeting of Pi Lambda Theta and Phi
Delta last evening.
These correspondence schools make
claims which they are not prepared to
fulfill, and although there is some
pressure being brought to bear upon
them by the Better Advertising Asso
ciation, they cannot be completely ex
terminated, nor can they be regulated.
They affect college students who are
preparing to be educators, since they
grant degrees which they claim equiva
lent to those issued by any college in
the country, although they have no
such authority.
Dr. Almack concluded by saying that
he had two suggestions that he was
going to bring up before the state
legislature very shortly: "First, that
we in California enact a law similar
to that now enforced in New York, re
quiring that no school be allowed to
transact business until so authorized
by a state certificate; and second, that
we commence a campaign for the
regulation of private education by
passing a federal law to the effect
that no new school shall be organized
until it has obtained from the State
Board of Education a certificate of
necessity—this last as an economic
principle."
"Freshman Week" is being planned
at Washington State College. All in
coming freshmen will have the college
to themselves. ,
"There is only one type of legal
machinery that can treat the case of
the correspondence school, and unless
the people engaged in education take
some action in the matter, there will
undoubtedly be some legislation
passed which will be harmful to the
public school," stated Dr. John C. Al
mack in speaking on "The Regulation
of Private Schools" before a joint
meeting of Pi Lambda Theta and Phi
Delta last evening.
These correspondence schools make
claims which they are not prepared to
fulfill, and although there is some
pressure being brought to bear upon
them by the Better Advertising Asso
ciation, they cannot be completely ex
terminated, nor can they be regulated.
They affect college students who are
preparing to be educators, since they
grant degrees which they claim equiva
lent to those issued by any college in
the country, although they have no
such authority.
Dr. Almack concluded by saying that
he had two suggestions that he was
going to bring up before the state
legislature very shortly: "First, that
we in California enact a law similar
to that now enforced in New York, re
quiring that no school be allowed to
transact business until so authorized
by a state certificate; and second, that
we commence a campaign for the
regulation of private education by
passing a federal law to the effect
that no new school shall be organized
until it has obtained from the State
Board of Education a certificate of
necessity—this last as an economic
principle."
"Freshman Week" is being planned
at Washington State College. All in
coming freshmen will have the college
to themselves. ,
"There is only one type of legal
machinery that can treat the case of
the correspondence school, and unless
the people engaged in education take
some action in the matter, there will
undoubtedly be some legislation
passed which will be harmful to the
public school," stated Dr. John C. Al
mack in speaking on "The Regulation
of Private Schools" before a joint
meeting of Pi Lambda Theta and Phi
Delta last evening.
These correspondence schools make
claims which they are not prepared to
fulfill, and although there is some
pressure being brought to bear upon
them by the Better Advertising Asso
ciation, they cannot be completely ex
terminated, nor can they be regulated.
They affect college students who are
preparing to be educators, since they
grant degrees which they claim equiva
lent to those issued by any college in
the country, although they have no
such authority.
Dr. Almack concluded by saying that
he had two suggestions that he was
going to bring up before the state
legislature very shortly: "First, that
we in California enact a law similar
to that now enforced in New York, re
quiring that no school be allowed to
transact business until so authorized
by a state certificate; and second, that
we commence a campaign for the
regulation of private education by
passing a federal law to the effect
that no new school shall be organized
until it has obtained from the State
Board of Education a certificate of
necessity—this last as an economic
principle."
"Freshman Week" is being planned
at Washington State College. All in
coming freshmen will have the college
to themselves. ,
"There is only one type of legal
machinery that can treat the case of
the correspondence school, and unless
the people engaged in education take
some action in the matter, there will
undoubtedly be some legislation
passed which will be harmful to the
public school," stated Dr. John C. Al
mack in speaking on "The Regulation
of Private Schools" before a joint
meeting of Pi Lambda Theta and Phi
Delta last evening.
These correspondence schools make
claims which they are not prepared to
fulfill, and although there is some
pressure being brought to bear upon
them by the Better Advertising Asso
ciation, they cannot be completely ex
terminated, nor can they be regulated.
They affect college students who are
preparing to be educators, since they
grant degrees which they claim equiva
lent to those issued by any college in
the country, although they have no
such authority.
Dr. Almack concluded by saying that
he had two suggestions that he was
going to bring up before the state
legislature very shortly: "First, that
we in California enact a law similar
to that now enforced in New York, re
quiring that no school be allowed to
transact business until so authorized
by a state certificate; and second, that
we commence a campaign for the
regulation of private education by
passing a federal law to the effect
that no new school shall be organized
until it has obtained from the State
Board of Education a certificate of
necessity—this last as an economic
principle."
"Freshman Week" is being planned
at Washington State College. All in
coming freshmen will have the college
to themselves. ,
"There is only one type of legal
machinery that can treat the case of
the correspondence school, and unless
the people engaged in education take
some action in the matter, there will
undoubtedly be some legislation
passed which will be harmful to the
public school," stated Dr. John C. Al
mack in speaking on "The Regulation
of Private Schools" before a joint
meeting of Pi Lambda Theta and Phi
Delta last evening.
These correspondence schools make
claims which they are not prepared to
fulfill, and although there is some
pressure being brought to bear upon
them by the Better Advertising Asso
ciation, they cannot be completely ex
terminated, nor can they be regulated.
They affect college students who are
preparing to be educators, since they
grant degrees which they claim equiva
lent to those issued by any college in
the country, although they have no
such authority.
Dr. Almack concluded by saying that
he had two suggestions that he was
going to bring up before the state
legislature very shortly: "First, that
we in California enact a law similar
to that now enforced in New York, re
quiring that no school be allowed to
transact business until so authorized
by a state certificate; and second, that
we commence a campaign for the
regulation of private education by
passing a federal law to the effect
that no new school shall be organized
until it has obtained from the State
Board of Education a certificate of
necessity—this last as an economic
principle."
"Freshman Week" is being planned
at Washington State College. All in
coming freshmen will have the college
to themselves. ,
"There is only one type of legal
machinery that can treat the case of
the correspondence school, and unless
the people engaged in education take
some action in the matter, there will
undoubtedly be some legislation
passed which will be harmful to the
public school," stated Dr. John C. Al
mack in speaking on "The Regulation
of Private Schools" before a joint
meeting of Pi Lambda Theta and Phi
Delta last evening.
These correspondence schools make
claims which they are not prepared to
fulfill, and although there is some
pressure being brought to bear upon
them by the Better Advertising Asso
ciation, they cannot be completely ex
terminated, nor can they be regulated.
They affect college students who are
preparing to be educators, since they
grant degrees which they claim equiva
lent to those issued by any college in
the country, although they have no
such authority.
Dr. Almack concluded by saying that
he had two suggestions that he was
going to bring up before the state
legislature very shortly: "First, that
we in California enact a law similar
to that now enforced in New York, re
quiring that no school be allowed to
transact business until so authorized
by a state certificate; and second, that
we commence a campaign for the
regulation of private education by
passing a federal law to the effect
that no new school shall be organized
until it has obtained from the State
Board of Education a certificate of
necessity—this last as an economic
principle."
"Freshman Week" is being planned
at Washington State College. All in
coming freshmen will have the college
to themselves. ,
"There is only one type of legal
machinery that can treat the case of
the correspondence school, and unless
the people engaged in education take
some action in the matter, there will
undoubtedly be some legislation
passed which will be harmful to the
public school," stated Dr. John C. Al
mack in speaking on "The Regulation
of Private Schools" before a joint
meeting of Pi Lambda Theta and Phi
Delta last evening.
These correspondence schools make
claims which they are not prepared to
fulfill, and although there is some
pressure being brought to bear upon
them by the Better Advertising Asso
ciation, they cannot be completely ex
terminated, nor can they be regulated.
They affect college students who are
preparing to be educators, since they
grant degrees which they claim equiva
lent to those issued by any college in
the country, although they have no
such authority.
Dr. Almack concluded by saying that
he had two suggestions that he was
going to bring up before the state
legislature very shortly: "First, that
we in California enact a law similar
to that now enforced in New York, re
quiring that no school be allowed to
transact business until so authorized
by a state certificate; and second, that
we commence a campaign for the
regulation of private education by
passing a federal law to the effect
that no new school shall be organized
until it has obtained from the State
Board of Education a certificate of
necessity—this last as an economic
principle."
"Freshman Week" is being planned
at Washington State College. All in
coming freshmen will have the college
to themselves. ,
"There is only one type of legal
machinery that can treat the case of
the correspondence school, and unless
the people engaged in education take
some action in the matter, there will
undoubtedly be some legislation
passed which will be harmful to the
public school," stated Dr. John C. Al
mack in speaking on "The Regulation
of Private Schools" before a joint
meeting of Pi Lambda Theta and Phi
Delta last evening.
These correspondence schools make
claims which they are not prepared to
fulfill, and although there is some
pressure being brought to bear upon
them by the Better Advertising Asso
ciation, they cannot be completely ex
terminated, nor can they be regulated.
They affect college students who are
preparing to be educators, since they
grant degrees which they claim equiva
lent to those issued by any college in
the country, although they have no
such authority.
Dr. Almack concluded by saying that
he had two suggestions that he was
going to bring up before the state
legislature very shortly: "First, that
we in California enact a law similar
to that now enforced in New York, re
quiring that no school be allowed to
transact business until so authorized
by a state certificate; and second, that
we commence a campaign for the
regulation of private education by
passing a federal law to the effect
that no new school shall be organized
until it has obtained from the State
Board of Education a certificate of
necessity—this last as an economic
principle."
"Freshman Week" is being planned
at Washington State College. All in
coming freshmen will have the college
to themselves. ,
"There is only one type of legal
machinery that can treat the case of
the correspondence school, and unless
the people engaged in education take
some action in the matter, there will
undoubtedly be some legislation
passed which will be harmful to the
public school," stated Dr. John C. Al
mack in speaking on "The Regulation
of Private Schools" before a joint
meeting of Pi Lambda Theta and Phi
Delta last evening.
These correspondence schools make
claims which they are not prepared to
fulfill, and although there is some
pressure being brought to bear upon
them by the Better Advertising Asso
ciation, they cannot be completely ex
terminated, nor can they be regulated.
They affect college students who are
preparing to be educators, since they
grant degrees which they claim equiva
lent to those issued by any college in
the country, although they have no
such authority.
Dr. Almack concluded by saying that
he had two suggestions that he was
going to bring up before the state
legislature very shortly: "First, that
we in California enact a law similar
to that now enforced in New York, re
quiring that no school be allowed to
transact business until so authorized
by a state certificate; and second, that
we commence a campaign for the
regulation of private education by
passing a federal law to the effect
that no new school shall be organized
until it has obtained from the State
Board of Education a certificate of
necessity—this last as an economic
principle."
"Freshman Week" is being planned
at Washington State College. All in
coming freshmen will have the college
to themselves. ,
"There is only one type of legal
machinery that can treat the case of
the correspondence school, and unless
the people engaged in education take
some action in the matter, there will
undoubtedly be some legislation
passed which will be harmful to the
public school," stated Dr. John C. Al
mack in speaking on "The Regulation
of Private Schools" before a joint
meeting of Pi Lambda Theta and Phi
Delta last evening.
These correspondence schools make
claims which they are not prepared to
fulfill, and although there is some
pressure being brought to bear upon
them by the Better Advertising Asso
ciation, they cannot be completely ex
terminated, nor can they be regulated.
They affect college students who are
preparing to be educators, since they
grant degrees which they claim equiva
lent to those issued by any college in
the country, although they have no
such authority.
Dr. Almack concluded by saying that
he had two suggestions that he was
going to bring up before the state
legislature very shortly: "First, that
we in California enact a law similar
to that now enforced in New York, re
quiring that no school be allowed to
transact business until so authorized
by a state certificate; and second, that
we commence a campaign for the
regulation of private education by
passing a federal law to the effect
that no new school shall be organized
until it has obtained from the State
Board of Education a certificate of
necessity—this last as an economic
principle."
"Freshman Week" is being planned
at Washington State College. All in
coming freshmen will have the college
to themselves. ,
"There is only one type of legal
machinery that can treat the case of
the correspondence school, and unless
the people engaged in education take
some action in the matter, there will
undoubtedly be some legislation
passed which will be harmful to the
public school," stated Dr. John C. Al
mack in speaking on "The Regulation
of Private Schools" before a joint
meeting of Pi Lambda Theta and Phi
Delta last evening.
These correspondence schools make
claims which they are not prepared to
fulfill, and although there is some
pressure being brought to bear upon
them by the Better Advertising Asso
ciation, they cannot be completely ex
terminated, nor can they be regulated.
They affect college students who are
preparing to be educators, since they
grant degrees which they claim equiva
lent to those issued by any college in
the country, although they have no
such authority.
Dr. Almack concluded by saying that
he had two suggestions that he was
going to bring up before the state
legislature very shortly: "First, that
we in California enact a law similar
to that now enforced in New York, re
quiring that no school be allowed to
transact business until so authorized
by a state certificate; and second, that
we commence a campaign for the
regulation of private education by
passing a federal law to the effect
that no new school shall be organized
until it has obtained from the State
Board of Education a certificate of
necessity—this last as an economic
principle."
"Freshman Week" is being planned
at Washington State College. All in
coming freshmen will have the college
to themselves. ,
"There is only one type of legal
machinery that can treat the case of
the correspondence school, and unless
the people engaged in education take
some action in the matter, there will
undoubtedly be some legislation
passed which will be harmful to the
public school," stated Dr. John C. Al
mack in speaking on "The Regulation
of Private Schools" before a joint
meeting of Pi Lambda Theta and Phi
Delta last evening.
These correspondence schools make
claims which they are not prepared to
fulfill, and although there is some
pressure being brought to bear upon
them by the Better Advertising Asso
ciation, they cannot be completely ex
terminated, nor can they be regulated.
They affect college students who are
preparing to be educators, since they
grant degrees which they claim equiva
lent to those issued by any college in
the country, although they have no
such authority.
Dr. Almack concluded by saying that
he had two suggestions that he was
going to bring up before the state
legislature very shortly: "First, that
we in California enact a law similar
to that now enforced in New York, re
quiring that no school be allowed to
transact business until so authorized
by a state certificate; and second, that
we commence a campaign for the
regulation of private education by
passing a federal law to the effect
that no new school shall be organized
until it has obtained from the State
Board of Education a certificate of
necessity—this last as an economic
principle."
"Freshman Week" is being planned
at Washington State College. All in
coming freshmen will have the college
to themselves. ,
"There is only one type of legal
machinery that can treat the case of
the correspondence school, and unless
the people engaged in education take
some action in the matter, there will
undoubtedly be some legislation
passed which will be harmful to the
public school," stated Dr. John C. Al
mack in speaking on "The Regulation
of Private Schools" before a joint
meeting of Pi Lambda Theta and Phi
Delta last evening.
These correspondence schools make
claims which they are not prepared to
fulfill, and although there is some
pressure being brought to bear upon
them by the Better Advertising Asso
ciation, they cannot be completely ex
terminated, nor can they be regulated.
They affect college students who are
preparing to be educators, since they
grant degrees which they claim equiva
lent to those issued by any college in
the country, although they have no
such authority.
Dr. Almack concluded by saying that
he had two suggestions that he was
going to bring up before the state
legislature very shortly: "First, that
we in California enact a law similar
to that now enforced in New York, re
quiring that no school be allowed to
transact business until so authorized
by a state certificate; and second, that
we commence a campaign for the
regulation of private education by
passing a federal law to the effect
that no new school shall be organized
until it has obtained from the State
Board of Education a certificate of
necessity—this last as an economic
principle."
"Freshman Week" is being planned
at Washington State College. All in
coming freshmen will have the college
to themselves. ,
