# Paul Wolfe Is Elected Head of Law Association
## 
### 
Paul Wolfe was elected president of
the Stanford Law Association at a
meeting held this noon in the Law
building. Mary Conway was chosen
secretary.
Paul Wolfe was elected president of
the Stanford Law Association at a
meeting held this noon in the Law
building. Mary Conway was chosen
secretary.
Paul Wolfe was elected president of
the Stanford Law Association at a
meeting held this noon in the Law
building. Mary Conway was chosen
secretary.
Paul Wolfe was elected president of
the Stanford Law Association at a
meeting held this noon in the Law
building. Mary Conway was chosen
secretary.
Paul Wolfe was elected president of
the Stanford Law Association at a
meeting held this noon in the Law
building. Mary Conway was chosen
secretary.
Paul Wolfe was elected president of
the Stanford Law Association at a
meeting held this noon in the Law
building. Mary Conway was chosen
secretary.
Paul Wolfe was elected president of
the Stanford Law Association at a
meeting held this noon in the Law
building. Mary Conway was chosen
secretary.
Paul Wolfe was elected president of
the Stanford Law Association at a
meeting held this noon in the Law
building. Mary Conway was chosen
secretary.
Paul Wolfe was elected president of
the Stanford Law Association at a
meeting held this noon in the Law
building. Mary Conway was chosen
secretary.
Paul Wolfe was elected president of
the Stanford Law Association at a
meeting held this noon in the Law
building. Mary Conway was chosen
secretary.
Paul Wolfe was elected president of
the Stanford Law Association at a
meeting held this noon in the Law
building. Mary Conway was chosen
secretary.
Paul Wolfe was elected president of
the Stanford Law Association at a
meeting held this noon in the Law
building. Mary Conway was chosen
secretary.
Paul Wolfe was elected president of
the Stanford Law Association at a
meeting held this noon in the Law
building. Mary Conway was chosen
secretary.
Paul Wolfe was elected president of
the Stanford Law Association at a
meeting held this noon in the Law
building. Mary Conway was chosen
secretary.
