# Frederic R. Pond to Spend Summer Vacation at Napa
## 
### 
Frederic R. Pond, DePauw '24, will
return to his home at Napa, near San
Francisco, in two weeks, to spend the
summer vacation with his parents. He
has spent the year at DePauw Univer
sity, Greencastle, Indiana, where he
took a position as instructor in Eng
lish composition and rhetoric after re
ceiving his A.M. degree for Stanford
in 1925. He has been asked to return
to DePauw in the fall.
Frederic R. Pond, DePauw '24, will
return to his home at Napa, near San
Francisco, in two weeks, to spend the
summer vacation with his parents. He
has spent the year at DePauw Univer
sity, Greencastle, Indiana, where he
took a position as instructor in Eng
lish composition and rhetoric after re
ceiving his A.M. degree for Stanford
in 1925. He has been asked to return
to DePauw in the fall.
Frederic R. Pond, DePauw '24, will
return to his home at Napa, near San
Francisco, in two weeks, to spend the
summer vacation with his parents. He
has spent the year at DePauw Univer
sity, Greencastle, Indiana, where he
took a position as instructor in Eng
lish composition and rhetoric after re
ceiving his A.M. degree for Stanford
in 1925. He has been asked to return
to DePauw in the fall.
Frederic R. Pond, DePauw '24, will
return to his home at Napa, near San
Francisco, in two weeks, to spend the
summer vacation with his parents. He
has spent the year at DePauw Univer
sity, Greencastle, Indiana, where he
took a position as instructor in Eng
lish composition and rhetoric after re
ceiving his A.M. degree for Stanford
in 1925. He has been asked to return
to DePauw in the fall.
Frederic R. Pond, DePauw '24, will
return to his home at Napa, near San
Francisco, in two weeks, to spend the
summer vacation with his parents. He
has spent the year at DePauw Univer
sity, Greencastle, Indiana, where he
took a position as instructor in Eng
lish composition and rhetoric after re
ceiving his A.M. degree for Stanford
in 1925. He has been asked to return
to DePauw in the fall.
Frederic R. Pond, DePauw '24, will
return to his home at Napa, near San
Francisco, in two weeks, to spend the
summer vacation with his parents. He
has spent the year at DePauw Univer
sity, Greencastle, Indiana, where he
took a position as instructor in Eng
lish composition and rhetoric after re
ceiving his A.M. degree for Stanford
in 1925. He has been asked to return
to DePauw in the fall.
Frederic R. Pond, DePauw '24, will
return to his home at Napa, near San
Francisco, in two weeks, to spend the
summer vacation with his parents. He
has spent the year at DePauw Univer
sity, Greencastle, Indiana, where he
took a position as instructor in Eng
lish composition and rhetoric after re
ceiving his A.M. degree for Stanford
in 1925. He has been asked to return
to DePauw in the fall.
Frederic R. Pond, DePauw '24, will
return to his home at Napa, near San
Francisco, in two weeks, to spend the
summer vacation with his parents. He
has spent the year at DePauw Univer
sity, Greencastle, Indiana, where he
took a position as instructor in Eng
lish composition and rhetoric after re
ceiving his A.M. degree for Stanford
in 1925. He has been asked to return
to DePauw in the fall.
Frederic R. Pond, DePauw '24, will
return to his home at Napa, near San
Francisco, in two weeks, to spend the
summer vacation with his parents. He
has spent the year at DePauw Univer
sity, Greencastle, Indiana, where he
took a position as instructor in Eng
lish composition and rhetoric after re
ceiving his A.M. degree for Stanford
in 1925. He has been asked to return
to DePauw in the fall.
Frederic R. Pond, DePauw '24, will
return to his home at Napa, near San
Francisco, in two weeks, to spend the
summer vacation with his parents. He
has spent the year at DePauw Univer
sity, Greencastle, Indiana, where he
took a position as instructor in Eng
lish composition and rhetoric after re
ceiving his A.M. degree for Stanford
in 1925. He has been asked to return
to DePauw in the fall.
Frederic R. Pond, DePauw '24, will
return to his home at Napa, near San
Francisco, in two weeks, to spend the
summer vacation with his parents. He
has spent the year at DePauw Univer
sity, Greencastle, Indiana, where he
took a position as instructor in Eng
lish composition and rhetoric after re
ceiving his A.M. degree for Stanford
in 1925. He has been asked to return
to DePauw in the fall.
Frederic R. Pond, DePauw '24, will
return to his home at Napa, near San
Francisco, in two weeks, to spend the
summer vacation with his parents. He
has spent the year at DePauw Univer
sity, Greencastle, Indiana, where he
took a position as instructor in Eng
lish composition and rhetoric after re
ceiving his A.M. degree for Stanford
in 1925. He has been asked to return
to DePauw in the fall.
Frederic R. Pond, DePauw '24, will
return to his home at Napa, near San
Francisco, in two weeks, to spend the
summer vacation with his parents. He
has spent the year at DePauw Univer
sity, Greencastle, Indiana, where he
took a position as instructor in Eng
lish composition and rhetoric after re
ceiving his A.M. degree for Stanford
in 1925. He has been asked to return
to DePauw in the fall.
Frederic R. Pond, DePauw '24, will
return to his home at Napa, near San
Francisco, in two weeks, to spend the
summer vacation with his parents. He
has spent the year at DePauw Univer
sity, Greencastle, Indiana, where he
took a position as instructor in Eng
lish composition and rhetoric after re
ceiving his A.M. degree for Stanford
in 1925. He has been asked to return
to DePauw in the fall.
