# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Professor M, E. Jaffa, of the Univer
sity of California, and eheniist of the
State Hoard of Health, will lecture in
the lecture room of the Chemistry
building on Tuesday evening, March 2,
at S o'clock. Professor Jaffa will ap
pear under the auspices of Phi Lambda
rpsilon chemistry fraternity, and will
speak on the work and problems con
nected with th < pure food and drua;
laws. Lantern slides of unusual inter
-st will be used. The lecture is for the
public.
Professor M, E. Jaffa, of the Univer
sity of California, and eheniist of the
State Hoard of Health, will lecture in
the lecture room of the Chemistry
building on Tuesday evening, March 2,
at S o'clock. Professor Jaffa will ap
pear under the auspices of Phi Lambda
rpsilon chemistry fraternity, and will
speak on the work and problems con
nected with th < pure food and drua;
laws. Lantern slides of unusual inter
-st will be used. The lecture is for the
public.
Professor M, E. Jaffa, of the Univer
sity of California, and eheniist of the
State Hoard of Health, will lecture in
the lecture room of the Chemistry
building on Tuesday evening, March 2,
at S o'clock. Professor Jaffa will ap
pear under the auspices of Phi Lambda
rpsilon chemistry fraternity, and will
speak on the work and problems con
nected with th < pure food and drua;
laws. Lantern slides of unusual inter
-st will be used. The lecture is for the
public.
Professor M, E. Jaffa, of the Univer
sity of California, and eheniist of the
State Hoard of Health, will lecture in
the lecture room of the Chemistry
building on Tuesday evening, March 2,
at S o'clock. Professor Jaffa will ap
pear under the auspices of Phi Lambda
rpsilon chemistry fraternity, and will
speak on the work and problems con
nected with th < pure food and drua;
laws. Lantern slides of unusual inter
-st will be used. The lecture is for the
public.
Professor M, E. Jaffa, of the Univer
sity of California, and eheniist of the
State Hoard of Health, will lecture in
the lecture room of the Chemistry
building on Tuesday evening, March 2,
at S o'clock. Professor Jaffa will ap
pear under the auspices of Phi Lambda
rpsilon chemistry fraternity, and will
speak on the work and problems con
nected with th < pure food and drua;
laws. Lantern slides of unusual inter
-st will be used. The lecture is for the
public.
Professor M, E. Jaffa, of the Univer
sity of California, and eheniist of the
State Hoard of Health, will lecture in
the lecture room of the Chemistry
building on Tuesday evening, March 2,
at S o'clock. Professor Jaffa will ap
pear under the auspices of Phi Lambda
rpsilon chemistry fraternity, and will
speak on the work and problems con
nected with th < pure food and drua;
laws. Lantern slides of unusual inter
-st will be used. The lecture is for the
public.
Professor M, E. Jaffa, of the Univer
sity of California, and eheniist of the
State Hoard of Health, will lecture in
the lecture room of the Chemistry
building on Tuesday evening, March 2,
at S o'clock. Professor Jaffa will ap
pear under the auspices of Phi Lambda
rpsilon chemistry fraternity, and will
speak on the work and problems con
nected with th < pure food and drua;
laws. Lantern slides of unusual inter
-st will be used. The lecture is for the
public.
Professor M, E. Jaffa, of the Univer
sity of California, and eheniist of the
State Hoard of Health, will lecture in
the lecture room of the Chemistry
building on Tuesday evening, March 2,
at S o'clock. Professor Jaffa will ap
pear under the auspices of Phi Lambda
rpsilon chemistry fraternity, and will
speak on the work and problems con
nected with th < pure food and drua;
laws. Lantern slides of unusual inter
-st will be used. The lecture is for the
public.
Professor M, E. Jaffa, of the Univer
sity of California, and eheniist of the
State Hoard of Health, will lecture in
the lecture room of the Chemistry
building on Tuesday evening, March 2,
at S o'clock. Professor Jaffa will ap
pear under the auspices of Phi Lambda
rpsilon chemistry fraternity, and will
speak on the work and problems con
nected with th < pure food and drua;
laws. Lantern slides of unusual inter
-st will be used. The lecture is for the
public.
Professor M, E. Jaffa, of the Univer
sity of California, and eheniist of the
State Hoard of Health, will lecture in
the lecture room of the Chemistry
building on Tuesday evening, March 2,
at S o'clock. Professor Jaffa will ap
pear under the auspices of Phi Lambda
rpsilon chemistry fraternity, and will
speak on the work and problems con
nected with th < pure food and drua;
laws. Lantern slides of unusual inter
-st will be used. The lecture is for the
public.
Professor M, E. Jaffa, of the Univer
sity of California, and eheniist of the
State Hoard of Health, will lecture in
the lecture room of the Chemistry
building on Tuesday evening, March 2,
at S o'clock. Professor Jaffa will ap
pear under the auspices of Phi Lambda
rpsilon chemistry fraternity, and will
speak on the work and problems con
nected with th < pure food and drua;
laws. Lantern slides of unusual inter
-st will be used. The lecture is for the
public.
Professor M, E. Jaffa, of the Univer
sity of California, and eheniist of the
State Hoard of Health, will lecture in
the lecture room of the Chemistry
building on Tuesday evening, March 2,
at S o'clock. Professor Jaffa will ap
pear under the auspices of Phi Lambda
rpsilon chemistry fraternity, and will
speak on the work and problems con
nected with th < pure food and drua;
laws. Lantern slides of unusual inter
-st will be used. The lecture is for the
public.
Professor M, E. Jaffa, of the Univer
sity of California, and eheniist of the
State Hoard of Health, will lecture in
the lecture room of the Chemistry
building on Tuesday evening, March 2,
at S o'clock. Professor Jaffa will ap
pear under the auspices of Phi Lambda
rpsilon chemistry fraternity, and will
speak on the work and problems con
nected with th < pure food and drua;
laws. Lantern slides of unusual inter
-st will be used. The lecture is for the
public.
