# HOWARD LEE TO SPEAK ON "PURE IRON" THURSDAY
## 
### 
Howard Lee, a prominent eastern
engineer, will lecture upon "The Man
ufacture and Use of Pure Iron" Thurs
day afternoon at 3 o'clock in room 283.
All interested are invited to attend.
Lee was formerly associated with the
American Rolling Mills Company, the
manufacturers of American Ingot Iron.
Howard Lee, a prominent eastern
engineer, will lecture upon "The Man
ufacture and Use of Pure Iron" Thurs
day afternoon at 3 o'clock in room 283.
All interested are invited to attend.
Lee was formerly associated with the
American Rolling Mills Company, the
manufacturers of American Ingot Iron.
Howard Lee, a prominent eastern
engineer, will lecture upon "The Man
ufacture and Use of Pure Iron" Thurs
day afternoon at 3 o'clock in room 283.
All interested are invited to attend.
Lee was formerly associated with the
American Rolling Mills Company, the
manufacturers of American Ingot Iron.
Howard Lee, a prominent eastern
engineer, will lecture upon "The Man
ufacture and Use of Pure Iron" Thurs
day afternoon at 3 o'clock in room 283.
All interested are invited to attend.
Lee was formerly associated with the
American Rolling Mills Company, the
manufacturers of American Ingot Iron.
Howard Lee, a prominent eastern
engineer, will lecture upon "The Man
ufacture and Use of Pure Iron" Thurs
day afternoon at 3 o'clock in room 283.
All interested are invited to attend.
Lee was formerly associated with the
American Rolling Mills Company, the
manufacturers of American Ingot Iron.
Howard Lee, a prominent eastern
engineer, will lecture upon "The Man
ufacture and Use of Pure Iron" Thurs
day afternoon at 3 o'clock in room 283.
All interested are invited to attend.
Lee was formerly associated with the
American Rolling Mills Company, the
manufacturers of American Ingot Iron.
Howard Lee, a prominent eastern
engineer, will lecture upon "The Man
ufacture and Use of Pure Iron" Thurs
day afternoon at 3 o'clock in room 283.
All interested are invited to attend.
Lee was formerly associated with the
American Rolling Mills Company, the
manufacturers of American Ingot Iron.
Howard Lee, a prominent eastern
engineer, will lecture upon "The Man
ufacture and Use of Pure Iron" Thurs
day afternoon at 3 o'clock in room 283.
All interested are invited to attend.
Lee was formerly associated with the
American Rolling Mills Company, the
manufacturers of American Ingot Iron.
Howard Lee, a prominent eastern
engineer, will lecture upon "The Man
ufacture and Use of Pure Iron" Thurs
day afternoon at 3 o'clock in room 283.
All interested are invited to attend.
Lee was formerly associated with the
American Rolling Mills Company, the
manufacturers of American Ingot Iron.
Howard Lee, a prominent eastern
engineer, will lecture upon "The Man
ufacture and Use of Pure Iron" Thurs
day afternoon at 3 o'clock in room 283.
All interested are invited to attend.
Lee was formerly associated with the
American Rolling Mills Company, the
manufacturers of American Ingot Iron.
Howard Lee, a prominent eastern
engineer, will lecture upon "The Man
ufacture and Use of Pure Iron" Thurs
day afternoon at 3 o'clock in room 283.
All interested are invited to attend.
Lee was formerly associated with the
American Rolling Mills Company, the
manufacturers of American Ingot Iron.
Howard Lee, a prominent eastern
engineer, will lecture upon "The Man
ufacture and Use of Pure Iron" Thurs
day afternoon at 3 o'clock in room 283.
All interested are invited to attend.
Lee was formerly associated with the
American Rolling Mills Company, the
manufacturers of American Ingot Iron.
Howard Lee, a prominent eastern
engineer, will lecture upon "The Man
ufacture and Use of Pure Iron" Thurs
day afternoon at 3 o'clock in room 283.
All interested are invited to attend.
Lee was formerly associated with the
American Rolling Mills Company, the
manufacturers of American Ingot Iron.
