# Bronze Group Statue in Memorial Court Is Moved to Museum
## 
### 
On account of its failure to with
stand the action of the elements, and
to permit the front of the Memorial
Church to be seen through both arches
of the Quadrangle, the bronze statue
group of Senator Stanford, Mrs. Stan
ford, and Leland Stanford, Junior, has
been removed to the Museum. The
removal took place Saturday morning.
Vanderlynn Stow, Treasurer and Busi
ness Manager of the University, had
charge of the dozen men who, with the
aid of a derrick and block and tackle,
succeeded in taking away in a few
minutes what had been part of the
Memorial Court for thirteen years.
Mr. Stow's rapid action has rendered
worthless the petitions that have been
circulated, requesting the Trustees to
rescind their decision in regard to the
statue. These petitions were to have
been presented to the Board at its
meeting in San Francisco this week.
On account of its failure to with
stand the action of the elements, and
to permit the front of the Memorial
Church to be seen through both arches
of the Quadrangle, the bronze statue
group of Senator Stanford, Mrs. Stan
ford, and Leland Stanford, Junior, has
been removed to the Museum. The
removal took place Saturday morning.
Vanderlynn Stow, Treasurer and Busi
ness Manager of the University, had
charge of the dozen men who, with the
aid of a derrick and block and tackle,
succeeded in taking away in a few
minutes what had been part of the
Memorial Court for thirteen years.
Mr. Stow's rapid action has rendered
worthless the petitions that have been
circulated, requesting the Trustees to
rescind their decision in regard to the
statue. These petitions were to have
been presented to the Board at its
meeting in San Francisco this week.
On account of its failure to with
stand the action of the elements, and
to permit the front of the Memorial
Church to be seen through both arches
of the Quadrangle, the bronze statue
group of Senator Stanford, Mrs. Stan
ford, and Leland Stanford, Junior, has
been removed to the Museum. The
removal took place Saturday morning.
Vanderlynn Stow, Treasurer and Busi
ness Manager of the University, had
charge of the dozen men who, with the
aid of a derrick and block and tackle,
succeeded in taking away in a few
minutes what had been part of the
Memorial Court for thirteen years.
Mr. Stow's rapid action has rendered
worthless the petitions that have been
circulated, requesting the Trustees to
rescind their decision in regard to the
statue. These petitions were to have
been presented to the Board at its
meeting in San Francisco this week.
On account of its failure to with
stand the action of the elements, and
to permit the front of the Memorial
Church to be seen through both arches
of the Quadrangle, the bronze statue
group of Senator Stanford, Mrs. Stan
ford, and Leland Stanford, Junior, has
been removed to the Museum. The
removal took place Saturday morning.
Vanderlynn Stow, Treasurer and Busi
ness Manager of the University, had
charge of the dozen men who, with the
aid of a derrick and block and tackle,
succeeded in taking away in a few
minutes what had been part of the
Memorial Court for thirteen years.
Mr. Stow's rapid action has rendered
worthless the petitions that have been
circulated, requesting the Trustees to
rescind their decision in regard to the
statue. These petitions were to have
been presented to the Board at its
meeting in San Francisco this week.
On account of its failure to with
stand the action of the elements, and
to permit the front of the Memorial
Church to be seen through both arches
of the Quadrangle, the bronze statue
group of Senator Stanford, Mrs. Stan
ford, and Leland Stanford, Junior, has
been removed to the Museum. The
removal took place Saturday morning.
Vanderlynn Stow, Treasurer and Busi
ness Manager of the University, had
charge of the dozen men who, with the
aid of a derrick and block and tackle,
succeeded in taking away in a few
minutes what had been part of the
Memorial Court for thirteen years.
Mr. Stow's rapid action has rendered
worthless the petitions that have been
circulated, requesting the Trustees to
rescind their decision in regard to the
statue. These petitions were to have
been presented to the Board at its
meeting in San Francisco this week.
On account of its failure to with
stand the action of the elements, and
to permit the front of the Memorial
Church to be seen through both arches
of the Quadrangle, the bronze statue
group of Senator Stanford, Mrs. Stan
ford, and Leland Stanford, Junior, has
been removed to the Museum. The
removal took place Saturday morning.
Vanderlynn Stow, Treasurer and Busi
ness Manager of the University, had
charge of the dozen men who, with the
aid of a derrick and block and tackle,
succeeded in taking away in a few
minutes what had been part of the
Memorial Court for thirteen years.
Mr. Stow's rapid action has rendered
worthless the petitions that have been
circulated, requesting the Trustees to
rescind their decision in regard to the
statue. These petitions were to have
been presented to the Board at its
meeting in San Francisco this week.
On account of its failure to with
stand the action of the elements, and
to permit the front of the Memorial
Church to be seen through both arches
of the Quadrangle, the bronze statue
group of Senator Stanford, Mrs. Stan
ford, and Leland Stanford, Junior, has
been removed to the Museum. The
removal took place Saturday morning.
Vanderlynn Stow, Treasurer and Busi
ness Manager of the University, had
charge of the dozen men who, with the
aid of a derrick and block and tackle,
succeeded in taking away in a few
minutes what had been part of the
Memorial Court for thirteen years.
Mr. Stow's rapid action has rendered
worthless the petitions that have been
circulated, requesting the Trustees to
rescind their decision in regard to the
statue. These petitions were to have
been presented to the Board at its
meeting in San Francisco this week.
On account of its failure to with
stand the action of the elements, and
to permit the front of the Memorial
Church to be seen through both arches
of the Quadrangle, the bronze statue
group of Senator Stanford, Mrs. Stan
ford, and Leland Stanford, Junior, has
been removed to the Museum. The
removal took place Saturday morning.
Vanderlynn Stow, Treasurer and Busi
ness Manager of the University, had
charge of the dozen men who, with the
aid of a derrick and block and tackle,
succeeded in taking away in a few
minutes what had been part of the
Memorial Court for thirteen years.
Mr. Stow's rapid action has rendered
worthless the petitions that have been
circulated, requesting the Trustees to
rescind their decision in regard to the
statue. These petitions were to have
been presented to the Board at its
meeting in San Francisco this week.
On account of its failure to with
stand the action of the elements, and
to permit the front of the Memorial
Church to be seen through both arches
of the Quadrangle, the bronze statue
group of Senator Stanford, Mrs. Stan
ford, and Leland Stanford, Junior, has
been removed to the Museum. The
removal took place Saturday morning.
Vanderlynn Stow, Treasurer and Busi
ness Manager of the University, had
charge of the dozen men who, with the
aid of a derrick and block and tackle,
succeeded in taking away in a few
minutes what had been part of the
Memorial Court for thirteen years.
Mr. Stow's rapid action has rendered
worthless the petitions that have been
circulated, requesting the Trustees to
rescind their decision in regard to the
statue. These petitions were to have
been presented to the Board at its
meeting in San Francisco this week.
On account of its failure to with
stand the action of the elements, and
to permit the front of the Memorial
Church to be seen through both arches
of the Quadrangle, the bronze statue
group of Senator Stanford, Mrs. Stan
ford, and Leland Stanford, Junior, has
been removed to the Museum. The
removal took place Saturday morning.
Vanderlynn Stow, Treasurer and Busi
ness Manager of the University, had
charge of the dozen men who, with the
aid of a derrick and block and tackle,
succeeded in taking away in a few
minutes what had been part of the
Memorial Court for thirteen years.
Mr. Stow's rapid action has rendered
worthless the petitions that have been
circulated, requesting the Trustees to
rescind their decision in regard to the
statue. These petitions were to have
been presented to the Board at its
meeting in San Francisco this week.
On account of its failure to with
stand the action of the elements, and
to permit the front of the Memorial
Church to be seen through both arches
of the Quadrangle, the bronze statue
group of Senator Stanford, Mrs. Stan
ford, and Leland Stanford, Junior, has
been removed to the Museum. The
removal took place Saturday morning.
Vanderlynn Stow, Treasurer and Busi
ness Manager of the University, had
charge of the dozen men who, with the
aid of a derrick and block and tackle,
succeeded in taking away in a few
minutes what had been part of the
Memorial Court for thirteen years.
Mr. Stow's rapid action has rendered
worthless the petitions that have been
circulated, requesting the Trustees to
rescind their decision in regard to the
statue. These petitions were to have
been presented to the Board at its
meeting in San Francisco this week.
On account of its failure to with
stand the action of the elements, and
to permit the front of the Memorial
Church to be seen through both arches
of the Quadrangle, the bronze statue
group of Senator Stanford, Mrs. Stan
ford, and Leland Stanford, Junior, has
been removed to the Museum. The
removal took place Saturday morning.
Vanderlynn Stow, Treasurer and Busi
ness Manager of the University, had
charge of the dozen men who, with the
aid of a derrick and block and tackle,
succeeded in taking away in a few
minutes what had been part of the
Memorial Court for thirteen years.
Mr. Stow's rapid action has rendered
worthless the petitions that have been
circulated, requesting the Trustees to
rescind their decision in regard to the
statue. These petitions were to have
been presented to the Board at its
meeting in San Francisco this week.
On account of its failure to with
stand the action of the elements, and
to permit the front of the Memorial
Church to be seen through both arches
of the Quadrangle, the bronze statue
group of Senator Stanford, Mrs. Stan
ford, and Leland Stanford, Junior, has
been removed to the Museum. The
removal took place Saturday morning.
Vanderlynn Stow, Treasurer and Busi
ness Manager of the University, had
charge of the dozen men who, with the
aid of a derrick and block and tackle,
succeeded in taking away in a few
minutes what had been part of the
Memorial Court for thirteen years.
Mr. Stow's rapid action has rendered
worthless the petitions that have been
circulated, requesting the Trustees to
rescind their decision in regard to the
statue. These petitions were to have
been presented to the Board at its
meeting in San Francisco this week.
