# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A nation-wide movement is begun
among fraternity men of the east to
abolish all high school fraternities
A nation-wide movement is begun
among fraternity men of the east to
abolish all high school fraternities
A nation-wide movement is begun
among fraternity men of the east to
abolish all high school fraternities
A nation-wide movement is begun
among fraternity men of the east to
abolish all high school fraternities
A nation-wide movement is begun
among fraternity men of the east to
abolish all high school fraternities
A nation-wide movement is begun
among fraternity men of the east to
abolish all high school fraternities
A nation-wide movement is begun
among fraternity men of the east to
abolish all high school fraternities
A nation-wide movement is begun
among fraternity men of the east to
abolish all high school fraternities
A nation-wide movement is begun
among fraternity men of the east to
abolish all high school fraternities
A nation-wide movement is begun
among fraternity men of the east to
abolish all high school fraternities
A nation-wide movement is begun
among fraternity men of the east to
abolish all high school fraternities
A nation-wide movement is begun
among fraternity men of the east to
abolish all high school fraternities
A nation-wide movement is begun
among fraternity men of the east to
abolish all high school fraternities
