# Sunday Will Be Student Prayer Day.
## 
### 
The Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. will
observe a day of prayer for the stu
dents of the world next Sunday, and
will meet in the vestry of the Memor
ial Church at ten-fifteen o'clock. This
clay of prayer is annually observed by
the World's Christian Student Federa
tion, which affiliates the Christian
student movements of nineteen nations
and in addition others where there is
no national organization. This year
the call for prayer is directed more
particularly for the students who are
in the war.
The Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. will
observe a day of prayer for the stu
dents of the world next Sunday, and
will meet in the vestry of the Memor
ial Church at ten-fifteen o'clock. This
clay of prayer is annually observed by
the World's Christian Student Federa
tion, which affiliates the Christian
student movements of nineteen nations
and in addition others where there is
no national organization. This year
the call for prayer is directed more
particularly for the students who are
in the war.
The Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. will
observe a day of prayer for the stu
dents of the world next Sunday, and
will meet in the vestry of the Memor
ial Church at ten-fifteen o'clock. This
clay of prayer is annually observed by
the World's Christian Student Federa
tion, which affiliates the Christian
student movements of nineteen nations
and in addition others where there is
no national organization. This year
the call for prayer is directed more
particularly for the students who are
in the war.
The Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. will
observe a day of prayer for the stu
dents of the world next Sunday, and
will meet in the vestry of the Memor
ial Church at ten-fifteen o'clock. This
clay of prayer is annually observed by
the World's Christian Student Federa
tion, which affiliates the Christian
student movements of nineteen nations
and in addition others where there is
no national organization. This year
the call for prayer is directed more
particularly for the students who are
in the war.
The Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. will
observe a day of prayer for the stu
dents of the world next Sunday, and
will meet in the vestry of the Memor
ial Church at ten-fifteen o'clock. This
clay of prayer is annually observed by
the World's Christian Student Federa
tion, which affiliates the Christian
student movements of nineteen nations
and in addition others where there is
no national organization. This year
the call for prayer is directed more
particularly for the students who are
in the war.
The Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. will
observe a day of prayer for the stu
dents of the world next Sunday, and
will meet in the vestry of the Memor
ial Church at ten-fifteen o'clock. This
clay of prayer is annually observed by
the World's Christian Student Federa
tion, which affiliates the Christian
student movements of nineteen nations
and in addition others where there is
no national organization. This year
the call for prayer is directed more
particularly for the students who are
in the war.
The Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. will
observe a day of prayer for the stu
dents of the world next Sunday, and
will meet in the vestry of the Memor
ial Church at ten-fifteen o'clock. This
clay of prayer is annually observed by
the World's Christian Student Federa
tion, which affiliates the Christian
student movements of nineteen nations
and in addition others where there is
no national organization. This year
the call for prayer is directed more
particularly for the students who are
in the war.
The Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. will
observe a day of prayer for the stu
dents of the world next Sunday, and
will meet in the vestry of the Memor
ial Church at ten-fifteen o'clock. This
clay of prayer is annually observed by
the World's Christian Student Federa
tion, which affiliates the Christian
student movements of nineteen nations
and in addition others where there is
no national organization. This year
the call for prayer is directed more
particularly for the students who are
in the war.
The Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. will
observe a day of prayer for the stu
dents of the world next Sunday, and
will meet in the vestry of the Memor
ial Church at ten-fifteen o'clock. This
clay of prayer is annually observed by
the World's Christian Student Federa
tion, which affiliates the Christian
student movements of nineteen nations
and in addition others where there is
no national organization. This year
the call for prayer is directed more
particularly for the students who are
in the war.
The Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. will
observe a day of prayer for the stu
dents of the world next Sunday, and
will meet in the vestry of the Memor
ial Church at ten-fifteen o'clock. This
clay of prayer is annually observed by
the World's Christian Student Federa
tion, which affiliates the Christian
student movements of nineteen nations
and in addition others where there is
no national organization. This year
the call for prayer is directed more
particularly for the students who are
in the war.
The Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. will
observe a day of prayer for the stu
dents of the world next Sunday, and
will meet in the vestry of the Memor
ial Church at ten-fifteen o'clock. This
clay of prayer is annually observed by
the World's Christian Student Federa
tion, which affiliates the Christian
student movements of nineteen nations
and in addition others where there is
no national organization. This year
the call for prayer is directed more
particularly for the students who are
in the war.
The Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. will
observe a day of prayer for the stu
dents of the world next Sunday, and
will meet in the vestry of the Memor
ial Church at ten-fifteen o'clock. This
clay of prayer is annually observed by
the World's Christian Student Federa
tion, which affiliates the Christian
student movements of nineteen nations
and in addition others where there is
no national organization. This year
the call for prayer is directed more
particularly for the students who are
in the war.
The Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. will
observe a day of prayer for the stu
dents of the world next Sunday, and
will meet in the vestry of the Memor
ial Church at ten-fifteen o'clock. This
clay of prayer is annually observed by
the World's Christian Student Federa
tion, which affiliates the Christian
student movements of nineteen nations
and in addition others where there is
no national organization. This year
the call for prayer is directed more
particularly for the students who are
in the war.
