# FRESHMEN SWIMMERS HAVE MEET SATURDAY
## 
### 
The first swimming meet of the
quarter comes Saturday when the
freshmen meet Lowell High School of
San Francisco. Scholarship require
ments have hit the swimming team
pretty hard but Coach Brandsten is
confident that he can enter a squad
inthe, meet that will give the swim
mer 7 from the city a good runfortheir
money.
Hooper is the new star of the babe
mermen. He comes in this quarter
from Lowell High and is one, of the
best swimmers that they have had up
there for some time. His work in
the sprints will materially help the
chances of the freshmen in their meet
with California which comes April 22.
The program Saturday includes the
sprints, the 220-yard swim, breast and
back strokes, plunge for distance and
the diving contests. In the 50-yard,
Burdiek and Hooper will be the prob
able entries, and Hooper and Barnett
will swim the 100. Barnes will be the
only entry in the 220. Charley Fletch
er who took third in the recent ama
teur title moet at the Los Angeles
Athletic Club will enter the breast
stroke along with Schmeider. In the
back-stioke Fletcher and Van Deusen
will compete.
fVTiite and Kinney will be the two
representatives in the diving events.
White has already demonstrated his
skill in the spring board dives and is
looked to take that event. The water
polo team which will play the seven
from Lowell after the swims will be
made up of: Hooper. Schmeider and
ITletcher, forwards; Litchenberg,
Barnes aud Lane, backs; and Dick
fullerton, goal. The relay team will
be Hooper. Burdiek, Barnes, and prob
able Barnett.
There will be water polo practice
every night now until the seemts with
California. The varsity meets Cali
fornia on April 16, and the fresh
men on April 22. Coach Brandsten is
anxious that all the men come out
every night for the team as there are
only a few days left for practice and
Jie needs every man te get the water
poloists into condition.
The first swimming meet of the
quarter comes Saturday when the
freshmen meet Lowell High School of
San Francisco. Scholarship require
ments have hit the swimming team
pretty hard but Coach Brandsten is
confident that he can enter a squad
inthe, meet that will give the swim
mer 7 from the city a good runfortheir
money.
Hooper is the new star of the babe
mermen. He comes in this quarter
from Lowell High and is one, of the
best swimmers that they have had up
there for some time. His work in
the sprints will materially help the
chances of the freshmen in their meet
with California which comes April 22.
The program Saturday includes the
sprints, the 220-yard swim, breast and
back strokes, plunge for distance and
the diving contests. In the 50-yard,
Burdiek and Hooper will be the prob
able entries, and Hooper and Barnett
will swim the 100. Barnes will be the
only entry in the 220. Charley Fletch
er who took third in the recent ama
teur title moet at the Los Angeles
Athletic Club will enter the breast
stroke along with Schmeider. In the
back-stioke Fletcher and Van Deusen
will compete.
fVTiite and Kinney will be the two
representatives in the diving events.
White has already demonstrated his
skill in the spring board dives and is
looked to take that event. The water
polo team which will play the seven
from Lowell after the swims will be
made up of: Hooper. Schmeider and
ITletcher, forwards; Litchenberg,
Barnes aud Lane, backs; and Dick
fullerton, goal. The relay team will
be Hooper. Burdiek, Barnes, and prob
able Barnett.
There will be water polo practice
every night now until the seemts with
California. The varsity meets Cali
fornia on April 16, and the fresh
men on April 22. Coach Brandsten is
anxious that all the men come out
every night for the team as there are
only a few days left for practice and
Jie needs every man te get the water
poloists into condition.
The first swimming meet of the
quarter comes Saturday when the
freshmen meet Lowell High School of
San Francisco. Scholarship require
ments have hit the swimming team
pretty hard but Coach Brandsten is
confident that he can enter a squad
inthe, meet that will give the swim
mer 7 from the city a good runfortheir
money.
Hooper is the new star of the babe
mermen. He comes in this quarter
from Lowell High and is one, of the
best swimmers that they have had up
there for some time. His work in
the sprints will materially help the
chances of the freshmen in their meet
with California which comes April 22.
The program Saturday includes the
sprints, the 220-yard swim, breast and
back strokes, plunge for distance and
the diving contests. In the 50-yard,
Burdiek and Hooper will be the prob
able entries, and Hooper and Barnett
will swim the 100. Barnes will be the
only entry in the 220. Charley Fletch
er who took third in the recent ama
teur title moet at the Los Angeles
Athletic Club will enter the breast
stroke along with Schmeider. In the
back-stioke Fletcher and Van Deusen
will compete.
fVTiite and Kinney will be the two
representatives in the diving events.
White has already demonstrated his
skill in the spring board dives and is
looked to take that event. The water
polo team which will play the seven
from Lowell after the swims will be
made up of: Hooper. Schmeider and
ITletcher, forwards; Litchenberg,
Barnes aud Lane, backs; and Dick
fullerton, goal. The relay team will
be Hooper. Burdiek, Barnes, and prob
able Barnett.
There will be water polo practice
every night now until the seemts with
California. The varsity meets Cali
fornia on April 16, and the fresh
men on April 22. Coach Brandsten is
anxious that all the men come out
every night for the team as there are
only a few days left for practice and
Jie needs every man te get the water
poloists into condition.
The first swimming meet of the
quarter comes Saturday when the
freshmen meet Lowell High School of
San Francisco. Scholarship require
ments have hit the swimming team
pretty hard but Coach Brandsten is
confident that he can enter a squad
inthe, meet that will give the swim
mer 7 from the city a good runfortheir
money.
Hooper is the new star of the babe
mermen. He comes in this quarter
from Lowell High and is one, of the
best swimmers that they have had up
there for some time. His work in
the sprints will materially help the
chances of the freshmen in their meet
with California which comes April 22.
The program Saturday includes the
sprints, the 220-yard swim, breast and
back strokes, plunge for distance and
the diving contests. In the 50-yard,
Burdiek and Hooper will be the prob
able entries, and Hooper and Barnett
will swim the 100. Barnes will be the
only entry in the 220. Charley Fletch
er who took third in the recent ama
teur title moet at the Los Angeles
Athletic Club will enter the breast
stroke along with Schmeider. In the
back-stioke Fletcher and Van Deusen
will compete.
fVTiite and Kinney will be the two
representatives in the diving events.
White has already demonstrated his
skill in the spring board dives and is
looked to take that event. The water
polo team which will play the seven
from Lowell after the swims will be
made up of: Hooper. Schmeider and
ITletcher, forwards; Litchenberg,
Barnes aud Lane, backs; and Dick
fullerton, goal. The relay team will
be Hooper. Burdiek, Barnes, and prob
able Barnett.
There will be water polo practice
every night now until the seemts with
California. The varsity meets Cali
fornia on April 16, and the fresh
men on April 22. Coach Brandsten is
anxious that all the men come out
every night for the team as there are
only a few days left for practice and
Jie needs every man te get the water
poloists into condition.
The first swimming meet of the
quarter comes Saturday when the
freshmen meet Lowell High School of
San Francisco. Scholarship require
ments have hit the swimming team
pretty hard but Coach Brandsten is
confident that he can enter a squad
inthe, meet that will give the swim
mer 7 from the city a good runfortheir
money.
Hooper is the new star of the babe
mermen. He comes in this quarter
from Lowell High and is one, of the
best swimmers that they have had up
there for some time. His work in
the sprints will materially help the
chances of the freshmen in their meet
with California which comes April 22.
The program Saturday includes the
sprints, the 220-yard swim, breast and
back strokes, plunge for distance and
the diving contests. In the 50-yard,
Burdiek and Hooper will be the prob
able entries, and Hooper and Barnett
will swim the 100. Barnes will be the
only entry in the 220. Charley Fletch
er who took third in the recent ama
teur title moet at the Los Angeles
Athletic Club will enter the breast
stroke along with Schmeider. In the
back-stioke Fletcher and Van Deusen
will compete.
fVTiite and Kinney will be the two
representatives in the diving events.
White has already demonstrated his
skill in the spring board dives and is
looked to take that event. The water
polo team which will play the seven
from Lowell after the swims will be
made up of: Hooper. Schmeider and
ITletcher, forwards; Litchenberg,
Barnes aud Lane, backs; and Dick
fullerton, goal. The relay team will
be Hooper. Burdiek, Barnes, and prob
able Barnett.
There will be water polo practice
every night now until the seemts with
California. The varsity meets Cali
fornia on April 16, and the fresh
men on April 22. Coach Brandsten is
anxious that all the men come out
every night for the team as there are
only a few days left for practice and
Jie needs every man te get the water
poloists into condition.
The first swimming meet of the
quarter comes Saturday when the
freshmen meet Lowell High School of
San Francisco. Scholarship require
ments have hit the swimming team
pretty hard but Coach Brandsten is
confident that he can enter a squad
inthe, meet that will give the swim
mer 7 from the city a good runfortheir
money.
Hooper is the new star of the babe
mermen. He comes in this quarter
from Lowell High and is one, of the
best swimmers that they have had up
there for some time. His work in
the sprints will materially help the
chances of the freshmen in their meet
with California which comes April 22.
The program Saturday includes the
sprints, the 220-yard swim, breast and
back strokes, plunge for distance and
the diving contests. In the 50-yard,
Burdiek and Hooper will be the prob
able entries, and Hooper and Barnett
will swim the 100. Barnes will be the
only entry in the 220. Charley Fletch
er who took third in the recent ama
teur title moet at the Los Angeles
Athletic Club will enter the breast
stroke along with Schmeider. In the
back-stioke Fletcher and Van Deusen
will compete.
fVTiite and Kinney will be the two
representatives in the diving events.
White has already demonstrated his
skill in the spring board dives and is
looked to take that event. The water
polo team which will play the seven
from Lowell after the swims will be
made up of: Hooper. Schmeider and
ITletcher, forwards; Litchenberg,
Barnes aud Lane, backs; and Dick
fullerton, goal. The relay team will
be Hooper. Burdiek, Barnes, and prob
able Barnett.
There will be water polo practice
every night now until the seemts with
California. The varsity meets Cali
fornia on April 16, and the fresh
men on April 22. Coach Brandsten is
anxious that all the men come out
every night for the team as there are
only a few days left for practice and
Jie needs every man te get the water
poloists into condition.
The first swimming meet of the
quarter comes Saturday when the
freshmen meet Lowell High School of
San Francisco. Scholarship require
ments have hit the swimming team
pretty hard but Coach Brandsten is
confident that he can enter a squad
inthe, meet that will give the swim
mer 7 from the city a good runfortheir
money.
Hooper is the new star of the babe
mermen. He comes in this quarter
from Lowell High and is one, of the
best swimmers that they have had up
there for some time. His work in
the sprints will materially help the
chances of the freshmen in their meet
with California which comes April 22.
The program Saturday includes the
sprints, the 220-yard swim, breast and
back strokes, plunge for distance and
the diving contests. In the 50-yard,
Burdiek and Hooper will be the prob
able entries, and Hooper and Barnett
will swim the 100. Barnes will be the
only entry in the 220. Charley Fletch
er who took third in the recent ama
teur title moet at the Los Angeles
Athletic Club will enter the breast
stroke along with Schmeider. In the
back-stioke Fletcher and Van Deusen
will compete.
fVTiite and Kinney will be the two
representatives in the diving events.
White has already demonstrated his
skill in the spring board dives and is
looked to take that event. The water
polo team which will play the seven
from Lowell after the swims will be
made up of: Hooper. Schmeider and
ITletcher, forwards; Litchenberg,
Barnes aud Lane, backs; and Dick
fullerton, goal. The relay team will
be Hooper. Burdiek, Barnes, and prob
able Barnett.
There will be water polo practice
every night now until the seemts with
California. The varsity meets Cali
fornia on April 16, and the fresh
men on April 22. Coach Brandsten is
anxious that all the men come out
every night for the team as there are
only a few days left for practice and
Jie needs every man te get the water
poloists into condition.
The first swimming meet of the
quarter comes Saturday when the
freshmen meet Lowell High School of
San Francisco. Scholarship require
ments have hit the swimming team
pretty hard but Coach Brandsten is
confident that he can enter a squad
inthe, meet that will give the swim
mer 7 from the city a good runfortheir
money.
Hooper is the new star of the babe
mermen. He comes in this quarter
from Lowell High and is one, of the
best swimmers that they have had up
there for some time. His work in
the sprints will materially help the
chances of the freshmen in their meet
with California which comes April 22.
The program Saturday includes the
sprints, the 220-yard swim, breast and
back strokes, plunge for distance and
the diving contests. In the 50-yard,
Burdiek and Hooper will be the prob
able entries, and Hooper and Barnett
will swim the 100. Barnes will be the
only entry in the 220. Charley Fletch
er who took third in the recent ama
teur title moet at the Los Angeles
Athletic Club will enter the breast
stroke along with Schmeider. In the
back-stioke Fletcher and Van Deusen
will compete.
fVTiite and Kinney will be the two
representatives in the diving events.
White has already demonstrated his
skill in the spring board dives and is
looked to take that event. The water
polo team which will play the seven
from Lowell after the swims will be
made up of: Hooper. Schmeider and
ITletcher, forwards; Litchenberg,
Barnes aud Lane, backs; and Dick
fullerton, goal. The relay team will
be Hooper. Burdiek, Barnes, and prob
able Barnett.
There will be water polo practice
every night now until the seemts with
California. The varsity meets Cali
fornia on April 16, and the fresh
men on April 22. Coach Brandsten is
anxious that all the men come out
every night for the team as there are
only a few days left for practice and
Jie needs every man te get the water
poloists into condition.
The first swimming meet of the
quarter comes Saturday when the
freshmen meet Lowell High School of
San Francisco. Scholarship require
ments have hit the swimming team
pretty hard but Coach Brandsten is
confident that he can enter a squad
inthe, meet that will give the swim
mer 7 from the city a good runfortheir
money.
Hooper is the new star of the babe
mermen. He comes in this quarter
from Lowell High and is one, of the
best swimmers that they have had up
there for some time. His work in
the sprints will materially help the
chances of the freshmen in their meet
with California which comes April 22.
The program Saturday includes the
sprints, the 220-yard swim, breast and
back strokes, plunge for distance and
the diving contests. In the 50-yard,
Burdiek and Hooper will be the prob
able entries, and Hooper and Barnett
will swim the 100. Barnes will be the
only entry in the 220. Charley Fletch
er who took third in the recent ama
teur title moet at the Los Angeles
Athletic Club will enter the breast
stroke along with Schmeider. In the
back-stioke Fletcher and Van Deusen
will compete.
fVTiite and Kinney will be the two
representatives in the diving events.
White has already demonstrated his
skill in the spring board dives and is
looked to take that event. The water
polo team which will play the seven
from Lowell after the swims will be
made up of: Hooper. Schmeider and
ITletcher, forwards; Litchenberg,
Barnes aud Lane, backs; and Dick
fullerton, goal. The relay team will
be Hooper. Burdiek, Barnes, and prob
able Barnett.
There will be water polo practice
every night now until the seemts with
California. The varsity meets Cali
fornia on April 16, and the fresh
men on April 22. Coach Brandsten is
anxious that all the men come out
every night for the team as there are
only a few days left for practice and
Jie needs every man te get the water
poloists into condition.
The first swimming meet of the
quarter comes Saturday when the
freshmen meet Lowell High School of
San Francisco. Scholarship require
ments have hit the swimming team
pretty hard but Coach Brandsten is
confident that he can enter a squad
inthe, meet that will give the swim
mer 7 from the city a good runfortheir
money.
Hooper is the new star of the babe
mermen. He comes in this quarter
from Lowell High and is one, of the
best swimmers that they have had up
there for some time. His work in
the sprints will materially help the
chances of the freshmen in their meet
with California which comes April 22.
The program Saturday includes the
sprints, the 220-yard swim, breast and
back strokes, plunge for distance and
the diving contests. In the 50-yard,
Burdiek and Hooper will be the prob
able entries, and Hooper and Barnett
will swim the 100. Barnes will be the
only entry in the 220. Charley Fletch
er who took third in the recent ama
teur title moet at the Los Angeles
Athletic Club will enter the breast
stroke along with Schmeider. In the
back-stioke Fletcher and Van Deusen
will compete.
fVTiite and Kinney will be the two
representatives in the diving events.
White has already demonstrated his
skill in the spring board dives and is
looked to take that event. The water
polo team which will play the seven
from Lowell after the swims will be
made up of: Hooper. Schmeider and
ITletcher, forwards; Litchenberg,
Barnes aud Lane, backs; and Dick
fullerton, goal. The relay team will
be Hooper. Burdiek, Barnes, and prob
able Barnett.
There will be water polo practice
every night now until the seemts with
California. The varsity meets Cali
fornia on April 16, and the fresh
men on April 22. Coach Brandsten is
anxious that all the men come out
every night for the team as there are
only a few days left for practice and
Jie needs every man te get the water
poloists into condition.
The first swimming meet of the
quarter comes Saturday when the
freshmen meet Lowell High School of
San Francisco. Scholarship require
ments have hit the swimming team
pretty hard but Coach Brandsten is
confident that he can enter a squad
inthe, meet that will give the swim
mer 7 from the city a good runfortheir
money.
Hooper is the new star of the babe
mermen. He comes in this quarter
from Lowell High and is one, of the
best swimmers that they have had up
there for some time. His work in
the sprints will materially help the
chances of the freshmen in their meet
with California which comes April 22.
The program Saturday includes the
sprints, the 220-yard swim, breast and
back strokes, plunge for distance and
the diving contests. In the 50-yard,
Burdiek and Hooper will be the prob
able entries, and Hooper and Barnett
will swim the 100. Barnes will be the
only entry in the 220. Charley Fletch
er who took third in the recent ama
teur title moet at the Los Angeles
Athletic Club will enter the breast
stroke along with Schmeider. In the
back-stioke Fletcher and Van Deusen
will compete.
fVTiite and Kinney will be the two
representatives in the diving events.
White has already demonstrated his
skill in the spring board dives and is
looked to take that event. The water
polo team which will play the seven
from Lowell after the swims will be
made up of: Hooper. Schmeider and
ITletcher, forwards; Litchenberg,
Barnes aud Lane, backs; and Dick
fullerton, goal. The relay team will
be Hooper. Burdiek, Barnes, and prob
able Barnett.
There will be water polo practice
every night now until the seemts with
California. The varsity meets Cali
fornia on April 16, and the fresh
men on April 22. Coach Brandsten is
anxious that all the men come out
every night for the team as there are
only a few days left for practice and
Jie needs every man te get the water
poloists into condition.
The first swimming meet of the
quarter comes Saturday when the
freshmen meet Lowell High School of
San Francisco. Scholarship require
ments have hit the swimming team
pretty hard but Coach Brandsten is
confident that he can enter a squad
inthe, meet that will give the swim
mer 7 from the city a good runfortheir
money.
Hooper is the new star of the babe
mermen. He comes in this quarter
from Lowell High and is one, of the
best swimmers that they have had up
there for some time. His work in
the sprints will materially help the
chances of the freshmen in their meet
with California which comes April 22.
The program Saturday includes the
sprints, the 220-yard swim, breast and
back strokes, plunge for distance and
the diving contests. In the 50-yard,
Burdiek and Hooper will be the prob
able entries, and Hooper and Barnett
will swim the 100. Barnes will be the
only entry in the 220. Charley Fletch
er who took third in the recent ama
teur title moet at the Los Angeles
Athletic Club will enter the breast
stroke along with Schmeider. In the
back-stioke Fletcher and Van Deusen
will compete.
fVTiite and Kinney will be the two
representatives in the diving events.
White has already demonstrated his
skill in the spring board dives and is
looked to take that event. The water
polo team which will play the seven
from Lowell after the swims will be
made up of: Hooper. Schmeider and
ITletcher, forwards; Litchenberg,
Barnes aud Lane, backs; and Dick
fullerton, goal. The relay team will
be Hooper. Burdiek, Barnes, and prob
able Barnett.
There will be water polo practice
every night now until the seemts with
California. The varsity meets Cali
fornia on April 16, and the fresh
men on April 22. Coach Brandsten is
anxious that all the men come out
every night for the team as there are
only a few days left for practice and
Jie needs every man te get the water
poloists into condition.
The first swimming meet of the
quarter comes Saturday when the
freshmen meet Lowell High School of
San Francisco. Scholarship require
ments have hit the swimming team
pretty hard but Coach Brandsten is
confident that he can enter a squad
inthe, meet that will give the swim
mer 7 from the city a good runfortheir
money.
Hooper is the new star of the babe
mermen. He comes in this quarter
from Lowell High and is one, of the
best swimmers that they have had up
there for some time. His work in
the sprints will materially help the
chances of the freshmen in their meet
with California which comes April 22.
The program Saturday includes the
sprints, the 220-yard swim, breast and
back strokes, plunge for distance and
the diving contests. In the 50-yard,
Burdiek and Hooper will be the prob
able entries, and Hooper and Barnett
will swim the 100. Barnes will be the
only entry in the 220. Charley Fletch
er who took third in the recent ama
teur title moet at the Los Angeles
Athletic Club will enter the breast
stroke along with Schmeider. In the
back-stioke Fletcher and Van Deusen
will compete.
fVTiite and Kinney will be the two
representatives in the diving events.
White has already demonstrated his
skill in the spring board dives and is
looked to take that event. The water
polo team which will play the seven
from Lowell after the swims will be
made up of: Hooper. Schmeider and
ITletcher, forwards; Litchenberg,
Barnes aud Lane, backs; and Dick
fullerton, goal. The relay team will
be Hooper. Burdiek, Barnes, and prob
able Barnett.
There will be water polo practice
every night now until the seemts with
California. The varsity meets Cali
fornia on April 16, and the fresh
men on April 22. Coach Brandsten is
anxious that all the men come out
every night for the team as there are
only a few days left for practice and
Jie needs every man te get the water
poloists into condition.
