# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Daily California Sports Editor
Hon Fimrite in his Friday column
picked Stanford over OSC with the
comment, "Damn their red hides."
Daily California Sports Editor
Hon Fimrite in his Friday column
picked Stanford over OSC with the
comment, "Damn their red hides."
Daily California Sports Editor
Hon Fimrite in his Friday column
picked Stanford over OSC with the
comment, "Damn their red hides."
Daily California Sports Editor
Hon Fimrite in his Friday column
picked Stanford over OSC with the
comment, "Damn their red hides."
Daily California Sports Editor
Hon Fimrite in his Friday column
picked Stanford over OSC with the
comment, "Damn their red hides."
Daily California Sports Editor
Hon Fimrite in his Friday column
picked Stanford over OSC with the
comment, "Damn their red hides."
Daily California Sports Editor
Hon Fimrite in his Friday column
picked Stanford over OSC with the
comment, "Damn their red hides."
Daily California Sports Editor
Hon Fimrite in his Friday column
picked Stanford over OSC with the
comment, "Damn their red hides."
Daily California Sports Editor
Hon Fimrite in his Friday column
picked Stanford over OSC with the
comment, "Damn their red hides."
Daily California Sports Editor
Hon Fimrite in his Friday column
picked Stanford over OSC with the
comment, "Damn their red hides."
Daily California Sports Editor
Hon Fimrite in his Friday column
picked Stanford over OSC with the
comment, "Damn their red hides."
Daily California Sports Editor
Hon Fimrite in his Friday column
picked Stanford over OSC with the
comment, "Damn their red hides."
Daily California Sports Editor
Hon Fimrite in his Friday column
picked Stanford over OSC with the
comment, "Damn their red hides."
Daily California Sports Editor
Hon Fimrite in his Friday column
picked Stanford over OSC with the
comment, "Damn their red hides."
Daily California Sports Editor
Hon Fimrite in his Friday column
picked Stanford over OSC with the
comment, "Damn their red hides."
