# GAIETIES FOOD
## 
### 
Food will be sold during Gaieties
intermissions on both terraces out
side Memorial Auditorium. The
profits will be used for an AWS
scholarship and are the only form
of income for the scholarship.
Food will be sold during Gaieties
intermissions on both terraces out
side Memorial Auditorium. The
profits will be used for an AWS
scholarship and are the only form
of income for the scholarship.
Food will be sold during Gaieties
intermissions on both terraces out
side Memorial Auditorium. The
profits will be used for an AWS
scholarship and are the only form
of income for the scholarship.
Food will be sold during Gaieties
intermissions on both terraces out
side Memorial Auditorium. The
profits will be used for an AWS
scholarship and are the only form
of income for the scholarship.
Food will be sold during Gaieties
intermissions on both terraces out
side Memorial Auditorium. The
profits will be used for an AWS
scholarship and are the only form
of income for the scholarship.
Food will be sold during Gaieties
intermissions on both terraces out
side Memorial Auditorium. The
profits will be used for an AWS
scholarship and are the only form
of income for the scholarship.
Food will be sold during Gaieties
intermissions on both terraces out
side Memorial Auditorium. The
profits will be used for an AWS
scholarship and are the only form
of income for the scholarship.
Food will be sold during Gaieties
intermissions on both terraces out
side Memorial Auditorium. The
profits will be used for an AWS
scholarship and are the only form
of income for the scholarship.
Food will be sold during Gaieties
intermissions on both terraces out
side Memorial Auditorium. The
profits will be used for an AWS
scholarship and are the only form
of income for the scholarship.
Food will be sold during Gaieties
intermissions on both terraces out
side Memorial Auditorium. The
profits will be used for an AWS
scholarship and are the only form
of income for the scholarship.
Food will be sold during Gaieties
intermissions on both terraces out
side Memorial Auditorium. The
profits will be used for an AWS
scholarship and are the only form
of income for the scholarship.
Food will be sold during Gaieties
intermissions on both terraces out
side Memorial Auditorium. The
profits will be used for an AWS
scholarship and are the only form
of income for the scholarship.
Food will be sold during Gaieties
intermissions on both terraces out
side Memorial Auditorium. The
profits will be used for an AWS
scholarship and are the only form
of income for the scholarship.
Food will be sold during Gaieties
intermissions on both terraces out
side Memorial Auditorium. The
profits will be used for an AWS
scholarship and are the only form
of income for the scholarship.
Food will be sold during Gaieties
intermissions on both terraces out
side Memorial Auditorium. The
profits will be used for an AWS
scholarship and are the only form
of income for the scholarship.
