# Seniors Frolic Tomorrow
## 
### 

RAGTIME TRIO Phil Hudner, Ap Eyre, and Jim Schwarzman will provide the musical enter
tainment at the Senior Class reunion tomorrow night at L'Ommie's. The party begins at 9 and
lasts until 1. —Daily photo by Eleanor Jessen

RAGTIME TRIO Phil Hudner, Ap Eyre, and Jim Schwarzman will provide the musical enter
tainment at the Senior Class reunion tomorrow night at L'Ommie's. The party begins at 9 and
lasts until 1. —Daily photo by Eleanor Jessen

RAGTIME TRIO Phil Hudner, Ap Eyre, and Jim Schwarzman will provide the musical enter
tainment at the Senior Class reunion tomorrow night at L'Ommie's. The party begins at 9 and
lasts until 1. —Daily photo by Eleanor Jessen

RAGTIME TRIO Phil Hudner, Ap Eyre, and Jim Schwarzman will provide the musical enter
tainment at the Senior Class reunion tomorrow night at L'Ommie's. The party begins at 9 and
lasts until 1. —Daily photo by Eleanor Jessen

RAGTIME TRIO Phil Hudner, Ap Eyre, and Jim Schwarzman will provide the musical enter
tainment at the Senior Class reunion tomorrow night at L'Ommie's. The party begins at 9 and
lasts until 1. —Daily photo by Eleanor Jessen

RAGTIME TRIO Phil Hudner, Ap Eyre, and Jim Schwarzman will provide the musical enter
tainment at the Senior Class reunion tomorrow night at L'Ommie's. The party begins at 9 and
lasts until 1. —Daily photo by Eleanor Jessen

RAGTIME TRIO Phil Hudner, Ap Eyre, and Jim Schwarzman will provide the musical enter
tainment at the Senior Class reunion tomorrow night at L'Ommie's. The party begins at 9 and
lasts until 1. —Daily photo by Eleanor Jessen

RAGTIME TRIO Phil Hudner, Ap Eyre, and Jim Schwarzman will provide the musical enter
tainment at the Senior Class reunion tomorrow night at L'Ommie's. The party begins at 9 and
lasts until 1. —Daily photo by Eleanor Jessen

RAGTIME TRIO Phil Hudner, Ap Eyre, and Jim Schwarzman will provide the musical enter
tainment at the Senior Class reunion tomorrow night at L'Ommie's. The party begins at 9 and
lasts until 1. —Daily photo by Eleanor Jessen

RAGTIME TRIO Phil Hudner, Ap Eyre, and Jim Schwarzman will provide the musical enter
tainment at the Senior Class reunion tomorrow night at L'Ommie's. The party begins at 9 and
lasts until 1. —Daily photo by Eleanor Jessen

RAGTIME TRIO Phil Hudner, Ap Eyre, and Jim Schwarzman will provide the musical enter
tainment at the Senior Class reunion tomorrow night at L'Ommie's. The party begins at 9 and
lasts until 1. —Daily photo by Eleanor Jessen

RAGTIME TRIO Phil Hudner, Ap Eyre, and Jim Schwarzman will provide the musical enter
tainment at the Senior Class reunion tomorrow night at L'Ommie's. The party begins at 9 and
lasts until 1. —Daily photo by Eleanor Jessen

RAGTIME TRIO Phil Hudner, Ap Eyre, and Jim Schwarzman will provide the musical enter
tainment at the Senior Class reunion tomorrow night at L'Ommie's. The party begins at 9 and
lasts until 1. —Daily photo by Eleanor Jessen

RAGTIME TRIO Phil Hudner, Ap Eyre, and Jim Schwarzman will provide the musical enter
tainment at the Senior Class reunion tomorrow night at L'Ommie's. The party begins at 9 and
lasts until 1. —Daily photo by Eleanor Jessen

RAGTIME TRIO Phil Hudner, Ap Eyre, and Jim Schwarzman will provide the musical enter
tainment at the Senior Class reunion tomorrow night at L'Ommie's. The party begins at 9 and
lasts until 1. —Daily photo by Eleanor Jessen
