# On Other Campuses
## 'FIAT LUX' 
### 
Stanford coeds have more than
once commented on the campus
lighting, but even coeds across the
Bay at the state institution have
voiced the cry "Fiat lux!" — "Let
there be light!"
In a letter to the editor of the
Daily California!! three UC coeds
express this message to the super
visor of buildings anil grounds at
Berkeley:
"The path by Hilgard Hall is so
dark,
We fear that's where the bogey-men
park.
We are three girls—alone, afraid.
What's the matter, ain't the light
* bill paid?
The lamp posts are there, all ready
for use,
Just put in some bulbs and turn on
the juice.
Afraid of boogies, wolves, and
spooks,
We cry our motto: 'Fiat lux!' "
Stanford coeds have more than
once commented on the campus
lighting, but even coeds across the
Bay at the state institution have
voiced the cry "Fiat lux!" — "Let
there be light!"
In a letter to the editor of the
Daily California!! three UC coeds
express this message to the super
visor of buildings anil grounds at
Berkeley:
"The path by Hilgard Hall is so
dark,
We fear that's where the bogey-men
park.
We are three girls—alone, afraid.
What's the matter, ain't the light
* bill paid?
The lamp posts are there, all ready
for use,
Just put in some bulbs and turn on
the juice.
Afraid of boogies, wolves, and
spooks,
We cry our motto: 'Fiat lux!' "
Stanford coeds have more than
once commented on the campus
lighting, but even coeds across the
Bay at the state institution have
voiced the cry "Fiat lux!" — "Let
there be light!"
In a letter to the editor of the
Daily California!! three UC coeds
express this message to the super
visor of buildings anil grounds at
Berkeley:
"The path by Hilgard Hall is so
dark,
We fear that's where the bogey-men
park.
We are three girls—alone, afraid.
What's the matter, ain't the light
* bill paid?
The lamp posts are there, all ready
for use,
Just put in some bulbs and turn on
the juice.
Afraid of boogies, wolves, and
spooks,
We cry our motto: 'Fiat lux!' "
Stanford coeds have more than
once commented on the campus
lighting, but even coeds across the
Bay at the state institution have
voiced the cry "Fiat lux!" — "Let
there be light!"
In a letter to the editor of the
Daily California!! three UC coeds
express this message to the super
visor of buildings anil grounds at
Berkeley:
"The path by Hilgard Hall is so
dark,
We fear that's where the bogey-men
park.
We are three girls—alone, afraid.
What's the matter, ain't the light
* bill paid?
The lamp posts are there, all ready
for use,
Just put in some bulbs and turn on
the juice.
Afraid of boogies, wolves, and
spooks,
We cry our motto: 'Fiat lux!' "
Stanford coeds have more than
once commented on the campus
lighting, but even coeds across the
Bay at the state institution have
voiced the cry "Fiat lux!" — "Let
there be light!"
In a letter to the editor of the
Daily California!! three UC coeds
express this message to the super
visor of buildings anil grounds at
Berkeley:
"The path by Hilgard Hall is so
dark,
We fear that's where the bogey-men
park.
We are three girls—alone, afraid.
What's the matter, ain't the light
* bill paid?
The lamp posts are there, all ready
for use,
Just put in some bulbs and turn on
the juice.
Afraid of boogies, wolves, and
spooks,
We cry our motto: 'Fiat lux!' "
Stanford coeds have more than
once commented on the campus
lighting, but even coeds across the
Bay at the state institution have
voiced the cry "Fiat lux!" — "Let
there be light!"
In a letter to the editor of the
Daily California!! three UC coeds
express this message to the super
visor of buildings anil grounds at
Berkeley:
"The path by Hilgard Hall is so
dark,
We fear that's where the bogey-men
park.
We are three girls—alone, afraid.
What's the matter, ain't the light
* bill paid?
The lamp posts are there, all ready
for use,
Just put in some bulbs and turn on
the juice.
Afraid of boogies, wolves, and
spooks,
We cry our motto: 'Fiat lux!' "
Stanford coeds have more than
once commented on the campus
lighting, but even coeds across the
Bay at the state institution have
voiced the cry "Fiat lux!" — "Let
there be light!"
In a letter to the editor of the
Daily California!! three UC coeds
express this message to the super
visor of buildings anil grounds at
Berkeley:
"The path by Hilgard Hall is so
dark,
We fear that's where the bogey-men
park.
We are three girls—alone, afraid.
What's the matter, ain't the light
* bill paid?
The lamp posts are there, all ready
for use,
Just put in some bulbs and turn on
the juice.
Afraid of boogies, wolves, and
spooks,
We cry our motto: 'Fiat lux!' "
Stanford coeds have more than
once commented on the campus
lighting, but even coeds across the
Bay at the state institution have
voiced the cry "Fiat lux!" — "Let
there be light!"
In a letter to the editor of the
Daily California!! three UC coeds
express this message to the super
visor of buildings anil grounds at
Berkeley:
"The path by Hilgard Hall is so
dark,
We fear that's where the bogey-men
park.
We are three girls—alone, afraid.
What's the matter, ain't the light
* bill paid?
The lamp posts are there, all ready
for use,
Just put in some bulbs and turn on
the juice.
Afraid of boogies, wolves, and
spooks,
We cry our motto: 'Fiat lux!' "
Stanford coeds have more than
once commented on the campus
lighting, but even coeds across the
Bay at the state institution have
voiced the cry "Fiat lux!" — "Let
there be light!"
In a letter to the editor of the
Daily California!! three UC coeds
express this message to the super
visor of buildings anil grounds at
Berkeley:
"The path by Hilgard Hall is so
dark,
We fear that's where the bogey-men
park.
We are three girls—alone, afraid.
What's the matter, ain't the light
* bill paid?
The lamp posts are there, all ready
for use,
Just put in some bulbs and turn on
the juice.
Afraid of boogies, wolves, and
spooks,
We cry our motto: 'Fiat lux!' "
Stanford coeds have more than
once commented on the campus
lighting, but even coeds across the
Bay at the state institution have
voiced the cry "Fiat lux!" — "Let
there be light!"
In a letter to the editor of the
Daily California!! three UC coeds
express this message to the super
visor of buildings anil grounds at
Berkeley:
"The path by Hilgard Hall is so
dark,
We fear that's where the bogey-men
park.
We are three girls—alone, afraid.
What's the matter, ain't the light
* bill paid?
The lamp posts are there, all ready
for use,
Just put in some bulbs and turn on
the juice.
Afraid of boogies, wolves, and
spooks,
We cry our motto: 'Fiat lux!' "
Stanford coeds have more than
once commented on the campus
lighting, but even coeds across the
Bay at the state institution have
voiced the cry "Fiat lux!" — "Let
there be light!"
In a letter to the editor of the
Daily California!! three UC coeds
express this message to the super
visor of buildings anil grounds at
Berkeley:
"The path by Hilgard Hall is so
dark,
We fear that's where the bogey-men
park.
We are three girls—alone, afraid.
What's the matter, ain't the light
* bill paid?
The lamp posts are there, all ready
for use,
Just put in some bulbs and turn on
the juice.
Afraid of boogies, wolves, and
spooks,
We cry our motto: 'Fiat lux!' "
Stanford coeds have more than
once commented on the campus
lighting, but even coeds across the
Bay at the state institution have
voiced the cry "Fiat lux!" — "Let
there be light!"
In a letter to the editor of the
Daily California!! three UC coeds
express this message to the super
visor of buildings anil grounds at
Berkeley:
"The path by Hilgard Hall is so
dark,
We fear that's where the bogey-men
park.
We are three girls—alone, afraid.
What's the matter, ain't the light
* bill paid?
The lamp posts are there, all ready
for use,
Just put in some bulbs and turn on
the juice.
Afraid of boogies, wolves, and
spooks,
We cry our motto: 'Fiat lux!' "
Stanford coeds have more than
once commented on the campus
lighting, but even coeds across the
Bay at the state institution have
voiced the cry "Fiat lux!" — "Let
there be light!"
In a letter to the editor of the
Daily California!! three UC coeds
express this message to the super
visor of buildings anil grounds at
Berkeley:
"The path by Hilgard Hall is so
dark,
We fear that's where the bogey-men
park.
We are three girls—alone, afraid.
What's the matter, ain't the light
* bill paid?
The lamp posts are there, all ready
for use,
Just put in some bulbs and turn on
the juice.
Afraid of boogies, wolves, and
spooks,
We cry our motto: 'Fiat lux!' "
Stanford coeds have more than
once commented on the campus
lighting, but even coeds across the
Bay at the state institution have
voiced the cry "Fiat lux!" — "Let
there be light!"
In a letter to the editor of the
Daily California!! three UC coeds
express this message to the super
visor of buildings anil grounds at
Berkeley:
"The path by Hilgard Hall is so
dark,
We fear that's where the bogey-men
park.
We are three girls—alone, afraid.
What's the matter, ain't the light
* bill paid?
The lamp posts are there, all ready
for use,
Just put in some bulbs and turn on
the juice.
Afraid of boogies, wolves, and
spooks,
We cry our motto: 'Fiat lux!' "
Stanford coeds have more than
once commented on the campus
lighting, but even coeds across the
Bay at the state institution have
voiced the cry "Fiat lux!" — "Let
there be light!"
In a letter to the editor of the
Daily California!! three UC coeds
express this message to the super
visor of buildings anil grounds at
Berkeley:
"The path by Hilgard Hall is so
dark,
We fear that's where the bogey-men
park.
We are three girls—alone, afraid.
What's the matter, ain't the light
* bill paid?
The lamp posts are there, all ready
for use,
Just put in some bulbs and turn on
the juice.
Afraid of boogies, wolves, and
spooks,
We cry our motto: 'Fiat lux!' "
