# HISTORY OF FAR EAST BY PROFESSOR TREAT TO BE RELEASED SOON
## 
### 
"The Far-East, A Poliltical and
Diplomatic History" by Professor
Payson J. Treat, head of the History
department, is one of the new Harper
books which will be off the press
about the middle of May.
Since the affairs of the Orient have
assumed a vital significance in world
affairs, this book fulfills a need in
giving a political and diplomatic his
tory of the Far-East. It presents the
historical and political background
necessary for understanding recent
events not only of China and Japan
but also of the neighboring countries.
"America and the New Poland" by
Professor H. H. Fisher of the History
department has just been published.
This book gives a brief account of
Poland's history and America's friend
ship for Poland which began when
Koskiuszko and Pulaski aided the
Colonies in their war for indepen
dence, and continues to the story of
America's part in the restoration of
Poland.
