# PRESS NINE GOES INTO SOUTH SEA SECLUSION
## 
### 
Reports received from The Stanford
Press nine early this morning stated
that they will leave for secret prac
tice in the Virgin Islands this noon.
The team will leave the Press Build
ing at 12 o'clock by airplane and will
not return until the morning Qf the
game, May 6.
Resuming practice after the catas
trophe yesterday, the Daily nine is
beginning to show marks of a cham
pionship team. Having contracted the
greatest players in the state to com
pete. the artists of the pen feel con
fident that they will defeat their an
cient rivals in this fight to a finish.
A statement issued by Vern Cordry,
assistant manager of the team, yes
terday announced that the laboratory
set up by the team recently bad been
successful in finding a bat that would
withstand the heavy slugging of the
Daily batters. The results of this ex
periment will not be made public.
Fraternity alumni at the University
of Nebraska recently gave a dinner
to house presidents at the college.
Reports received from The Stanford
Press nine early this morning stated
that they will leave for secret prac
tice in the Virgin Islands this noon.
The team will leave the Press Build
ing at 12 o'clock by airplane and will
not return until the morning Qf the
game, May 6.
Resuming practice after the catas
trophe yesterday, the Daily nine is
beginning to show marks of a cham
pionship team. Having contracted the
greatest players in the state to com
pete. the artists of the pen feel con
fident that they will defeat their an
cient rivals in this fight to a finish.
A statement issued by Vern Cordry,
assistant manager of the team, yes
terday announced that the laboratory
set up by the team recently bad been
successful in finding a bat that would
withstand the heavy slugging of the
Daily batters. The results of this ex
periment will not be made public.
Fraternity alumni at the University
of Nebraska recently gave a dinner
to house presidents at the college.
Reports received from The Stanford
Press nine early this morning stated
that they will leave for secret prac
tice in the Virgin Islands this noon.
The team will leave the Press Build
ing at 12 o'clock by airplane and will
not return until the morning Qf the
game, May 6.
Resuming practice after the catas
trophe yesterday, the Daily nine is
beginning to show marks of a cham
pionship team. Having contracted the
greatest players in the state to com
pete. the artists of the pen feel con
fident that they will defeat their an
cient rivals in this fight to a finish.
A statement issued by Vern Cordry,
assistant manager of the team, yes
terday announced that the laboratory
set up by the team recently bad been
successful in finding a bat that would
withstand the heavy slugging of the
Daily batters. The results of this ex
periment will not be made public.
Fraternity alumni at the University
of Nebraska recently gave a dinner
to house presidents at the college.
Reports received from The Stanford
Press nine early this morning stated
that they will leave for secret prac
tice in the Virgin Islands this noon.
The team will leave the Press Build
ing at 12 o'clock by airplane and will
not return until the morning Qf the
game, May 6.
Resuming practice after the catas
trophe yesterday, the Daily nine is
beginning to show marks of a cham
pionship team. Having contracted the
greatest players in the state to com
pete. the artists of the pen feel con
fident that they will defeat their an
cient rivals in this fight to a finish.
A statement issued by Vern Cordry,
assistant manager of the team, yes
terday announced that the laboratory
set up by the team recently bad been
successful in finding a bat that would
withstand the heavy slugging of the
Daily batters. The results of this ex
periment will not be made public.
Fraternity alumni at the University
of Nebraska recently gave a dinner
to house presidents at the college.
Reports received from The Stanford
Press nine early this morning stated
that they will leave for secret prac
tice in the Virgin Islands this noon.
The team will leave the Press Build
ing at 12 o'clock by airplane and will
not return until the morning Qf the
game, May 6.
Resuming practice after the catas
trophe yesterday, the Daily nine is
beginning to show marks of a cham
pionship team. Having contracted the
greatest players in the state to com
pete. the artists of the pen feel con
fident that they will defeat their an
cient rivals in this fight to a finish.
A statement issued by Vern Cordry,
assistant manager of the team, yes
terday announced that the laboratory
set up by the team recently bad been
successful in finding a bat that would
withstand the heavy slugging of the
Daily batters. The results of this ex
periment will not be made public.
Fraternity alumni at the University
of Nebraska recently gave a dinner
to house presidents at the college.
Reports received from The Stanford
Press nine early this morning stated
that they will leave for secret prac
tice in the Virgin Islands this noon.
The team will leave the Press Build
ing at 12 o'clock by airplane and will
not return until the morning Qf the
game, May 6.
Resuming practice after the catas
trophe yesterday, the Daily nine is
beginning to show marks of a cham
pionship team. Having contracted the
greatest players in the state to com
pete. the artists of the pen feel con
fident that they will defeat their an
cient rivals in this fight to a finish.
A statement issued by Vern Cordry,
assistant manager of the team, yes
terday announced that the laboratory
set up by the team recently bad been
successful in finding a bat that would
withstand the heavy slugging of the
Daily batters. The results of this ex
periment will not be made public.
Fraternity alumni at the University
of Nebraska recently gave a dinner
to house presidents at the college.
Reports received from The Stanford
Press nine early this morning stated
that they will leave for secret prac
tice in the Virgin Islands this noon.
The team will leave the Press Build
ing at 12 o'clock by airplane and will
not return until the morning Qf the
game, May 6.
Resuming practice after the catas
trophe yesterday, the Daily nine is
beginning to show marks of a cham
pionship team. Having contracted the
greatest players in the state to com
pete. the artists of the pen feel con
fident that they will defeat their an
cient rivals in this fight to a finish.
A statement issued by Vern Cordry,
assistant manager of the team, yes
terday announced that the laboratory
set up by the team recently bad been
successful in finding a bat that would
withstand the heavy slugging of the
Daily batters. The results of this ex
periment will not be made public.
Fraternity alumni at the University
of Nebraska recently gave a dinner
to house presidents at the college.
Reports received from The Stanford
Press nine early this morning stated
that they will leave for secret prac
tice in the Virgin Islands this noon.
The team will leave the Press Build
ing at 12 o'clock by airplane and will
not return until the morning Qf the
game, May 6.
Resuming practice after the catas
trophe yesterday, the Daily nine is
beginning to show marks of a cham
pionship team. Having contracted the
greatest players in the state to com
pete. the artists of the pen feel con
fident that they will defeat their an
cient rivals in this fight to a finish.
A statement issued by Vern Cordry,
assistant manager of the team, yes
terday announced that the laboratory
set up by the team recently bad been
successful in finding a bat that would
withstand the heavy slugging of the
Daily batters. The results of this ex
periment will not be made public.
Fraternity alumni at the University
of Nebraska recently gave a dinner
to house presidents at the college.
Reports received from The Stanford
Press nine early this morning stated
that they will leave for secret prac
tice in the Virgin Islands this noon.
The team will leave the Press Build
ing at 12 o'clock by airplane and will
not return until the morning Qf the
game, May 6.
Resuming practice after the catas
trophe yesterday, the Daily nine is
beginning to show marks of a cham
pionship team. Having contracted the
greatest players in the state to com
pete. the artists of the pen feel con
fident that they will defeat their an
cient rivals in this fight to a finish.
A statement issued by Vern Cordry,
assistant manager of the team, yes
terday announced that the laboratory
set up by the team recently bad been
successful in finding a bat that would
withstand the heavy slugging of the
Daily batters. The results of this ex
periment will not be made public.
Fraternity alumni at the University
of Nebraska recently gave a dinner
to house presidents at the college.
Reports received from The Stanford
Press nine early this morning stated
that they will leave for secret prac
tice in the Virgin Islands this noon.
The team will leave the Press Build
ing at 12 o'clock by airplane and will
not return until the morning Qf the
game, May 6.
Resuming practice after the catas
trophe yesterday, the Daily nine is
beginning to show marks of a cham
pionship team. Having contracted the
greatest players in the state to com
pete. the artists of the pen feel con
fident that they will defeat their an
cient rivals in this fight to a finish.
A statement issued by Vern Cordry,
assistant manager of the team, yes
terday announced that the laboratory
set up by the team recently bad been
successful in finding a bat that would
withstand the heavy slugging of the
Daily batters. The results of this ex
periment will not be made public.
Fraternity alumni at the University
of Nebraska recently gave a dinner
to house presidents at the college.
Reports received from The Stanford
Press nine early this morning stated
that they will leave for secret prac
tice in the Virgin Islands this noon.
The team will leave the Press Build
ing at 12 o'clock by airplane and will
not return until the morning Qf the
game, May 6.
Resuming practice after the catas
trophe yesterday, the Daily nine is
beginning to show marks of a cham
pionship team. Having contracted the
greatest players in the state to com
pete. the artists of the pen feel con
fident that they will defeat their an
cient rivals in this fight to a finish.
A statement issued by Vern Cordry,
assistant manager of the team, yes
terday announced that the laboratory
set up by the team recently bad been
successful in finding a bat that would
withstand the heavy slugging of the
Daily batters. The results of this ex
periment will not be made public.
Fraternity alumni at the University
of Nebraska recently gave a dinner
to house presidents at the college.
Reports received from The Stanford
Press nine early this morning stated
that they will leave for secret prac
tice in the Virgin Islands this noon.
The team will leave the Press Build
ing at 12 o'clock by airplane and will
not return until the morning Qf the
game, May 6.
Resuming practice after the catas
trophe yesterday, the Daily nine is
beginning to show marks of a cham
pionship team. Having contracted the
greatest players in the state to com
pete. the artists of the pen feel con
fident that they will defeat their an
cient rivals in this fight to a finish.
A statement issued by Vern Cordry,
assistant manager of the team, yes
terday announced that the laboratory
set up by the team recently bad been
successful in finding a bat that would
withstand the heavy slugging of the
Daily batters. The results of this ex
periment will not be made public.
Fraternity alumni at the University
of Nebraska recently gave a dinner
to house presidents at the college.
Reports received from The Stanford
Press nine early this morning stated
that they will leave for secret prac
tice in the Virgin Islands this noon.
The team will leave the Press Build
ing at 12 o'clock by airplane and will
not return until the morning Qf the
game, May 6.
Resuming practice after the catas
trophe yesterday, the Daily nine is
beginning to show marks of a cham
pionship team. Having contracted the
greatest players in the state to com
pete. the artists of the pen feel con
fident that they will defeat their an
cient rivals in this fight to a finish.
A statement issued by Vern Cordry,
assistant manager of the team, yes
terday announced that the laboratory
set up by the team recently bad been
successful in finding a bat that would
withstand the heavy slugging of the
Daily batters. The results of this ex
periment will not be made public.
Fraternity alumni at the University
of Nebraska recently gave a dinner
to house presidents at the college.
Reports received from The Stanford
Press nine early this morning stated
that they will leave for secret prac
tice in the Virgin Islands this noon.
The team will leave the Press Build
ing at 12 o'clock by airplane and will
not return until the morning Qf the
game, May 6.
Resuming practice after the catas
trophe yesterday, the Daily nine is
beginning to show marks of a cham
pionship team. Having contracted the
greatest players in the state to com
pete. the artists of the pen feel con
fident that they will defeat their an
cient rivals in this fight to a finish.
A statement issued by Vern Cordry,
assistant manager of the team, yes
terday announced that the laboratory
set up by the team recently bad been
successful in finding a bat that would
withstand the heavy slugging of the
Daily batters. The results of this ex
periment will not be made public.
Fraternity alumni at the University
of Nebraska recently gave a dinner
to house presidents at the college.
Reports received from The Stanford
Press nine early this morning stated
that they will leave for secret prac
tice in the Virgin Islands this noon.
The team will leave the Press Build
ing at 12 o'clock by airplane and will
not return until the morning Qf the
game, May 6.
Resuming practice after the catas
trophe yesterday, the Daily nine is
beginning to show marks of a cham
pionship team. Having contracted the
greatest players in the state to com
pete. the artists of the pen feel con
fident that they will defeat their an
cient rivals in this fight to a finish.
A statement issued by Vern Cordry,
assistant manager of the team, yes
terday announced that the laboratory
set up by the team recently bad been
successful in finding a bat that would
withstand the heavy slugging of the
Daily batters. The results of this ex
periment will not be made public.
Fraternity alumni at the University
of Nebraska recently gave a dinner
to house presidents at the college.
Reports received from The Stanford
Press nine early this morning stated
that they will leave for secret prac
tice in the Virgin Islands this noon.
The team will leave the Press Build
ing at 12 o'clock by airplane and will
not return until the morning Qf the
game, May 6.
Resuming practice after the catas
trophe yesterday, the Daily nine is
beginning to show marks of a cham
pionship team. Having contracted the
greatest players in the state to com
pete. the artists of the pen feel con
fident that they will defeat their an
cient rivals in this fight to a finish.
A statement issued by Vern Cordry,
assistant manager of the team, yes
terday announced that the laboratory
set up by the team recently bad been
successful in finding a bat that would
withstand the heavy slugging of the
Daily batters. The results of this ex
periment will not be made public.
Fraternity alumni at the University
of Nebraska recently gave a dinner
to house presidents at the college.
