# PLACE TICKETS FOR 1929 JUNIOR OPERA ON SALE THURSDAY
## 
### 
Seats for "South Seas Pre
ferred," the Junior Opera to be
given May 12, will go on sale at
1 o'clock Thursday in front of
the Union. They are priced at
$1, $1.25, and $1.50.
Plot rehearsals, under the di
rection of Anna May Price, have
been going rapidly ahead, and
work on the second act was
commenced last night. Although
the time is short, the members
of the cast have all had previ
ous dramatic experience, on the
Stanford stage and elsewhere,
and progress has been very
smooth.
The choruses will figure promi
nently in this year's Opera, and
under the direction of Frances
Boone are working out some in
tricate dances, more in the pro
fessional manner. The South
Seas setting during part of the
play furnishes background for
some very effective chorus and
dance work.
Seats for "South Seas Pre
ferred," the Junior Opera to be
given May 12, will go on sale at
1 o'clock Thursday in front of
the Union. They are priced at
$1, $1.25, and $1.50.
Plot rehearsals, under the di
rection of Anna May Price, have
been going rapidly ahead, and
work on the second act was
commenced last night. Although
the time is short, the members
of the cast have all had previ
ous dramatic experience, on the
Stanford stage and elsewhere,
and progress has been very
smooth.
The choruses will figure promi
nently in this year's Opera, and
under the direction of Frances
Boone are working out some in
tricate dances, more in the pro
fessional manner. The South
Seas setting during part of the
play furnishes background for
some very effective chorus and
dance work.
Seats for "South Seas Pre
ferred," the Junior Opera to be
given May 12, will go on sale at
1 o'clock Thursday in front of
the Union. They are priced at
$1, $1.25, and $1.50.
Plot rehearsals, under the di
rection of Anna May Price, have
been going rapidly ahead, and
work on the second act was
commenced last night. Although
the time is short, the members
of the cast have all had previ
ous dramatic experience, on the
Stanford stage and elsewhere,
and progress has been very
smooth.
The choruses will figure promi
nently in this year's Opera, and
under the direction of Frances
Boone are working out some in
tricate dances, more in the pro
fessional manner. The South
Seas setting during part of the
play furnishes background for
some very effective chorus and
dance work.
Seats for "South Seas Pre
ferred," the Junior Opera to be
given May 12, will go on sale at
1 o'clock Thursday in front of
the Union. They are priced at
$1, $1.25, and $1.50.
Plot rehearsals, under the di
rection of Anna May Price, have
been going rapidly ahead, and
work on the second act was
commenced last night. Although
the time is short, the members
of the cast have all had previ
ous dramatic experience, on the
Stanford stage and elsewhere,
and progress has been very
smooth.
The choruses will figure promi
nently in this year's Opera, and
under the direction of Frances
Boone are working out some in
tricate dances, more in the pro
fessional manner. The South
Seas setting during part of the
play furnishes background for
some very effective chorus and
dance work.
Seats for "South Seas Pre
ferred," the Junior Opera to be
given May 12, will go on sale at
1 o'clock Thursday in front of
the Union. They are priced at
$1, $1.25, and $1.50.
Plot rehearsals, under the di
rection of Anna May Price, have
been going rapidly ahead, and
work on the second act was
commenced last night. Although
the time is short, the members
of the cast have all had previ
ous dramatic experience, on the
Stanford stage and elsewhere,
and progress has been very
smooth.
The choruses will figure promi
nently in this year's Opera, and
under the direction of Frances
Boone are working out some in
tricate dances, more in the pro
fessional manner. The South
Seas setting during part of the
play furnishes background for
some very effective chorus and
dance work.
Seats for "South Seas Pre
ferred," the Junior Opera to be
given May 12, will go on sale at
1 o'clock Thursday in front of
the Union. They are priced at
$1, $1.25, and $1.50.
Plot rehearsals, under the di
rection of Anna May Price, have
been going rapidly ahead, and
work on the second act was
commenced last night. Although
the time is short, the members
of the cast have all had previ
ous dramatic experience, on the
Stanford stage and elsewhere,
and progress has been very
smooth.
The choruses will figure promi
nently in this year's Opera, and
under the direction of Frances
Boone are working out some in
tricate dances, more in the pro
fessional manner. The South
Seas setting during part of the
play furnishes background for
some very effective chorus and
dance work.
Seats for "South Seas Pre
ferred," the Junior Opera to be
given May 12, will go on sale at
1 o'clock Thursday in front of
the Union. They are priced at
$1, $1.25, and $1.50.
Plot rehearsals, under the di
rection of Anna May Price, have
been going rapidly ahead, and
work on the second act was
commenced last night. Although
the time is short, the members
of the cast have all had previ
ous dramatic experience, on the
Stanford stage and elsewhere,
and progress has been very
smooth.
The choruses will figure promi
nently in this year's Opera, and
under the direction of Frances
Boone are working out some in
tricate dances, more in the pro
fessional manner. The South
Seas setting during part of the
play furnishes background for
some very effective chorus and
dance work.
Seats for "South Seas Pre
ferred," the Junior Opera to be
given May 12, will go on sale at
1 o'clock Thursday in front of
the Union. They are priced at
$1, $1.25, and $1.50.
Plot rehearsals, under the di
rection of Anna May Price, have
been going rapidly ahead, and
work on the second act was
commenced last night. Although
the time is short, the members
of the cast have all had previ
ous dramatic experience, on the
Stanford stage and elsewhere,
and progress has been very
smooth.
The choruses will figure promi
nently in this year's Opera, and
under the direction of Frances
Boone are working out some in
tricate dances, more in the pro
fessional manner. The South
Seas setting during part of the
play furnishes background for
some very effective chorus and
dance work.
Seats for "South Seas Pre
ferred," the Junior Opera to be
given May 12, will go on sale at
1 o'clock Thursday in front of
the Union. They are priced at
$1, $1.25, and $1.50.
Plot rehearsals, under the di
rection of Anna May Price, have
been going rapidly ahead, and
work on the second act was
commenced last night. Although
the time is short, the members
of the cast have all had previ
ous dramatic experience, on the
Stanford stage and elsewhere,
and progress has been very
smooth.
The choruses will figure promi
nently in this year's Opera, and
under the direction of Frances
Boone are working out some in
tricate dances, more in the pro
fessional manner. The South
Seas setting during part of the
play furnishes background for
some very effective chorus and
dance work.
Seats for "South Seas Pre
ferred," the Junior Opera to be
given May 12, will go on sale at
1 o'clock Thursday in front of
the Union. They are priced at
$1, $1.25, and $1.50.
Plot rehearsals, under the di
rection of Anna May Price, have
been going rapidly ahead, and
work on the second act was
commenced last night. Although
the time is short, the members
of the cast have all had previ
ous dramatic experience, on the
Stanford stage and elsewhere,
and progress has been very
smooth.
The choruses will figure promi
nently in this year's Opera, and
under the direction of Frances
Boone are working out some in
tricate dances, more in the pro
fessional manner. The South
Seas setting during part of the
play furnishes background for
some very effective chorus and
dance work.
Seats for "South Seas Pre
ferred," the Junior Opera to be
given May 12, will go on sale at
1 o'clock Thursday in front of
the Union. They are priced at
$1, $1.25, and $1.50.
Plot rehearsals, under the di
rection of Anna May Price, have
been going rapidly ahead, and
work on the second act was
commenced last night. Although
the time is short, the members
of the cast have all had previ
ous dramatic experience, on the
Stanford stage and elsewhere,
and progress has been very
smooth.
The choruses will figure promi
nently in this year's Opera, and
under the direction of Frances
Boone are working out some in
tricate dances, more in the pro
fessional manner. The South
Seas setting during part of the
play furnishes background for
some very effective chorus and
dance work.
Seats for "South Seas Pre
ferred," the Junior Opera to be
given May 12, will go on sale at
1 o'clock Thursday in front of
the Union. They are priced at
$1, $1.25, and $1.50.
Plot rehearsals, under the di
rection of Anna May Price, have
been going rapidly ahead, and
work on the second act was
commenced last night. Although
the time is short, the members
of the cast have all had previ
ous dramatic experience, on the
Stanford stage and elsewhere,
and progress has been very
smooth.
The choruses will figure promi
nently in this year's Opera, and
under the direction of Frances
Boone are working out some in
tricate dances, more in the pro
fessional manner. The South
Seas setting during part of the
play furnishes background for
some very effective chorus and
dance work.
Seats for "South Seas Pre
ferred," the Junior Opera to be
given May 12, will go on sale at
1 o'clock Thursday in front of
the Union. They are priced at
$1, $1.25, and $1.50.
Plot rehearsals, under the di
rection of Anna May Price, have
been going rapidly ahead, and
work on the second act was
commenced last night. Although
the time is short, the members
of the cast have all had previ
ous dramatic experience, on the
Stanford stage and elsewhere,
and progress has been very
smooth.
The choruses will figure promi
nently in this year's Opera, and
under the direction of Frances
Boone are working out some in
tricate dances, more in the pro
fessional manner. The South
Seas setting during part of the
play furnishes background for
some very effective chorus and
dance work.
Seats for "South Seas Pre
ferred," the Junior Opera to be
given May 12, will go on sale at
1 o'clock Thursday in front of
the Union. They are priced at
$1, $1.25, and $1.50.
Plot rehearsals, under the di
rection of Anna May Price, have
been going rapidly ahead, and
work on the second act was
commenced last night. Although
the time is short, the members
of the cast have all had previ
ous dramatic experience, on the
Stanford stage and elsewhere,
and progress has been very
smooth.
The choruses will figure promi
nently in this year's Opera, and
under the direction of Frances
Boone are working out some in
tricate dances, more in the pro
fessional manner. The South
Seas setting during part of the
play furnishes background for
some very effective chorus and
dance work.
Seats for "South Seas Pre
ferred," the Junior Opera to be
given May 12, will go on sale at
1 o'clock Thursday in front of
the Union. They are priced at
$1, $1.25, and $1.50.
Plot rehearsals, under the di
rection of Anna May Price, have
been going rapidly ahead, and
work on the second act was
commenced last night. Although
the time is short, the members
of the cast have all had previ
ous dramatic experience, on the
Stanford stage and elsewhere,
and progress has been very
smooth.
The choruses will figure promi
nently in this year's Opera, and
under the direction of Frances
Boone are working out some in
tricate dances, more in the pro
fessional manner. The South
Seas setting during part of the
play furnishes background for
some very effective chorus and
dance work.
Seats for "South Seas Pre
ferred," the Junior Opera to be
given May 12, will go on sale at
1 o'clock Thursday in front of
the Union. They are priced at
$1, $1.25, and $1.50.
Plot rehearsals, under the di
rection of Anna May Price, have
been going rapidly ahead, and
work on the second act was
commenced last night. Although
the time is short, the members
of the cast have all had previ
ous dramatic experience, on the
Stanford stage and elsewhere,
and progress has been very
smooth.
The choruses will figure promi
nently in this year's Opera, and
under the direction of Frances
Boone are working out some in
tricate dances, more in the pro
fessional manner. The South
Seas setting during part of the
play furnishes background for
some very effective chorus and
dance work.
