# Engagement announced
## 
### 
El Capitan announces the engage
ment of Burt Goodman, '37, to Jo
sephine Pino, '37.
El Capitan announces the engage
ment of Burt Goodman, '37, to Jo
sephine Pino, '37.
El Capitan announces the engage
ment of Burt Goodman, '37, to Jo
sephine Pino, '37.
El Capitan announces the engage
ment of Burt Goodman, '37, to Jo
sephine Pino, '37.
El Capitan announces the engage
ment of Burt Goodman, '37, to Jo
sephine Pino, '37.
El Capitan announces the engage
ment of Burt Goodman, '37, to Jo
sephine Pino, '37.
El Capitan announces the engage
ment of Burt Goodman, '37, to Jo
sephine Pino, '37.
El Capitan announces the engage
ment of Burt Goodman, '37, to Jo
sephine Pino, '37.
El Capitan announces the engage
ment of Burt Goodman, '37, to Jo
sephine Pino, '37.
El Capitan announces the engage
ment of Burt Goodman, '37, to Jo
sephine Pino, '37.
El Capitan announces the engage
ment of Burt Goodman, '37, to Jo
sephine Pino, '37.
El Capitan announces the engage
ment of Burt Goodman, '37, to Jo
sephine Pino, '37.
El Capitan announces the engage
ment of Burt Goodman, '37, to Jo
sephine Pino, '37.
El Capitan announces the engage
ment of Burt Goodman, '37, to Jo
sephine Pino, '37.
El Capitan announces the engage
ment of Burt Goodman, '37, to Jo
sephine Pino, '37.
