# THANK YOU
## 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
This is to say thanks to a lot of
faithful, generous people for the
long hours and hard work they gave
so freely to build and set the Gaie
ties. It has been a wonderful ex
perience to have known and worked
with such a swell group. I'm espe
cially grateful to Johnny Paulson,
the stage manager, whose tremen
dous effort and close co-operation
made the show possible and to Ruth
Jordan ,whose excellent handling of
properties was neglected in the
program.
Gene Callnon
The Editor, Sir:
This is to say thanks to a lot of
faithful, generous people for the
long hours and hard work they gave
so freely to build and set the Gaie
ties. It has been a wonderful ex
perience to have known and worked
with such a swell group. I'm espe
cially grateful to Johnny Paulson,
the stage manager, whose tremen
dous effort and close co-operation
made the show possible and to Ruth
Jordan ,whose excellent handling of
properties was neglected in the
program.
Gene Callnon
The Editor, Sir:
This is to say thanks to a lot of
faithful, generous people for the
long hours and hard work they gave
so freely to build and set the Gaie
ties. It has been a wonderful ex
perience to have known and worked
with such a swell group. I'm espe
cially grateful to Johnny Paulson,
the stage manager, whose tremen
dous effort and close co-operation
made the show possible and to Ruth
Jordan ,whose excellent handling of
properties was neglected in the
program.
Gene Callnon
The Editor, Sir:
This is to say thanks to a lot of
faithful, generous people for the
long hours and hard work they gave
so freely to build and set the Gaie
ties. It has been a wonderful ex
perience to have known and worked
with such a swell group. I'm espe
cially grateful to Johnny Paulson,
the stage manager, whose tremen
dous effort and close co-operation
made the show possible and to Ruth
Jordan ,whose excellent handling of
properties was neglected in the
program.
Gene Callnon
The Editor, Sir:
This is to say thanks to a lot of
faithful, generous people for the
long hours and hard work they gave
so freely to build and set the Gaie
ties. It has been a wonderful ex
perience to have known and worked
with such a swell group. I'm espe
cially grateful to Johnny Paulson,
the stage manager, whose tremen
dous effort and close co-operation
made the show possible and to Ruth
Jordan ,whose excellent handling of
properties was neglected in the
program.
Gene Callnon
The Editor, Sir:
This is to say thanks to a lot of
faithful, generous people for the
long hours and hard work they gave
so freely to build and set the Gaie
ties. It has been a wonderful ex
perience to have known and worked
with such a swell group. I'm espe
cially grateful to Johnny Paulson,
the stage manager, whose tremen
dous effort and close co-operation
made the show possible and to Ruth
Jordan ,whose excellent handling of
properties was neglected in the
program.
Gene Callnon
The Editor, Sir:
This is to say thanks to a lot of
faithful, generous people for the
long hours and hard work they gave
so freely to build and set the Gaie
ties. It has been a wonderful ex
perience to have known and worked
with such a swell group. I'm espe
cially grateful to Johnny Paulson,
the stage manager, whose tremen
dous effort and close co-operation
made the show possible and to Ruth
Jordan ,whose excellent handling of
properties was neglected in the
program.
Gene Callnon
The Editor, Sir:
This is to say thanks to a lot of
faithful, generous people for the
long hours and hard work they gave
so freely to build and set the Gaie
ties. It has been a wonderful ex
perience to have known and worked
with such a swell group. I'm espe
cially grateful to Johnny Paulson,
the stage manager, whose tremen
dous effort and close co-operation
made the show possible and to Ruth
Jordan ,whose excellent handling of
properties was neglected in the
program.
Gene Callnon
The Editor, Sir:
This is to say thanks to a lot of
faithful, generous people for the
long hours and hard work they gave
so freely to build and set the Gaie
ties. It has been a wonderful ex
perience to have known and worked
with such a swell group. I'm espe
cially grateful to Johnny Paulson,
the stage manager, whose tremen
dous effort and close co-operation
made the show possible and to Ruth
Jordan ,whose excellent handling of
properties was neglected in the
program.
Gene Callnon
The Editor, Sir:
This is to say thanks to a lot of
faithful, generous people for the
long hours and hard work they gave
so freely to build and set the Gaie
ties. It has been a wonderful ex
perience to have known and worked
with such a swell group. I'm espe
cially grateful to Johnny Paulson,
the stage manager, whose tremen
dous effort and close co-operation
made the show possible and to Ruth
Jordan ,whose excellent handling of
properties was neglected in the
program.
Gene Callnon
The Editor, Sir:
This is to say thanks to a lot of
faithful, generous people for the
long hours and hard work they gave
so freely to build and set the Gaie
ties. It has been a wonderful ex
perience to have known and worked
with such a swell group. I'm espe
cially grateful to Johnny Paulson,
the stage manager, whose tremen
dous effort and close co-operation
made the show possible and to Ruth
Jordan ,whose excellent handling of
properties was neglected in the
program.
Gene Callnon
The Editor, Sir:
This is to say thanks to a lot of
faithful, generous people for the
long hours and hard work they gave
so freely to build and set the Gaie
ties. It has been a wonderful ex
perience to have known and worked
with such a swell group. I'm espe
cially grateful to Johnny Paulson,
the stage manager, whose tremen
dous effort and close co-operation
made the show possible and to Ruth
Jordan ,whose excellent handling of
properties was neglected in the
program.
Gene Callnon
The Editor, Sir:
This is to say thanks to a lot of
faithful, generous people for the
long hours and hard work they gave
so freely to build and set the Gaie
ties. It has been a wonderful ex
perience to have known and worked
with such a swell group. I'm espe
cially grateful to Johnny Paulson,
the stage manager, whose tremen
dous effort and close co-operation
made the show possible and to Ruth
Jordan ,whose excellent handling of
properties was neglected in the
program.
Gene Callnon
The Editor, Sir:
This is to say thanks to a lot of
faithful, generous people for the
long hours and hard work they gave
so freely to build and set the Gaie
ties. It has been a wonderful ex
perience to have known and worked
with such a swell group. I'm espe
cially grateful to Johnny Paulson,
the stage manager, whose tremen
dous effort and close co-operation
made the show possible and to Ruth
Jordan ,whose excellent handling of
properties was neglected in the
program.
Gene Callnon
The Editor, Sir:
This is to say thanks to a lot of
faithful, generous people for the
long hours and hard work they gave
so freely to build and set the Gaie
ties. It has been a wonderful ex
perience to have known and worked
with such a swell group. I'm espe
cially grateful to Johnny Paulson,
the stage manager, whose tremen
dous effort and close co-operation
made the show possible and to Ruth
Jordan ,whose excellent handling of
properties was neglected in the
program.
Gene Callnon
