# CLASSES HEAR ROTH
## 
### 
Mr. Almon E. Roth, former comp
troller of Stanford University, and
now president of the Waterfront
Employers Association of the Pacific
Coast, gave a talk yesterday on "la
bor conditions on the waterfront." to
Professor Eliot Jones' class in Trans
portation and Professor W. S. Hop
kins' class in Theories of Social Re
form.
Mr. Almon E. Roth, former comp
troller of Stanford University, and
now president of the Waterfront
Employers Association of the Pacific
Coast, gave a talk yesterday on "la
bor conditions on the waterfront." to
Professor Eliot Jones' class in Trans
portation and Professor W. S. Hop
kins' class in Theories of Social Re
form.
Mr. Almon E. Roth, former comp
troller of Stanford University, and
now president of the Waterfront
Employers Association of the Pacific
Coast, gave a talk yesterday on "la
bor conditions on the waterfront." to
Professor Eliot Jones' class in Trans
portation and Professor W. S. Hop
kins' class in Theories of Social Re
form.
Mr. Almon E. Roth, former comp
troller of Stanford University, and
now president of the Waterfront
Employers Association of the Pacific
Coast, gave a talk yesterday on "la
bor conditions on the waterfront." to
Professor Eliot Jones' class in Trans
portation and Professor W. S. Hop
kins' class in Theories of Social Re
form.
Mr. Almon E. Roth, former comp
troller of Stanford University, and
now president of the Waterfront
Employers Association of the Pacific
Coast, gave a talk yesterday on "la
bor conditions on the waterfront." to
Professor Eliot Jones' class in Trans
portation and Professor W. S. Hop
kins' class in Theories of Social Re
form.
Mr. Almon E. Roth, former comp
troller of Stanford University, and
now president of the Waterfront
Employers Association of the Pacific
Coast, gave a talk yesterday on "la
bor conditions on the waterfront." to
Professor Eliot Jones' class in Trans
portation and Professor W. S. Hop
kins' class in Theories of Social Re
form.
Mr. Almon E. Roth, former comp
troller of Stanford University, and
now president of the Waterfront
Employers Association of the Pacific
Coast, gave a talk yesterday on "la
bor conditions on the waterfront." to
Professor Eliot Jones' class in Trans
portation and Professor W. S. Hop
kins' class in Theories of Social Re
form.
Mr. Almon E. Roth, former comp
troller of Stanford University, and
now president of the Waterfront
Employers Association of the Pacific
Coast, gave a talk yesterday on "la
bor conditions on the waterfront." to
Professor Eliot Jones' class in Trans
portation and Professor W. S. Hop
kins' class in Theories of Social Re
form.
Mr. Almon E. Roth, former comp
troller of Stanford University, and
now president of the Waterfront
Employers Association of the Pacific
Coast, gave a talk yesterday on "la
bor conditions on the waterfront." to
Professor Eliot Jones' class in Trans
portation and Professor W. S. Hop
kins' class in Theories of Social Re
form.
Mr. Almon E. Roth, former comp
troller of Stanford University, and
now president of the Waterfront
Employers Association of the Pacific
Coast, gave a talk yesterday on "la
bor conditions on the waterfront." to
Professor Eliot Jones' class in Trans
portation and Professor W. S. Hop
kins' class in Theories of Social Re
form.
Mr. Almon E. Roth, former comp
troller of Stanford University, and
now president of the Waterfront
Employers Association of the Pacific
Coast, gave a talk yesterday on "la
bor conditions on the waterfront." to
Professor Eliot Jones' class in Trans
portation and Professor W. S. Hop
kins' class in Theories of Social Re
form.
Mr. Almon E. Roth, former comp
troller of Stanford University, and
now president of the Waterfront
Employers Association of the Pacific
Coast, gave a talk yesterday on "la
bor conditions on the waterfront." to
Professor Eliot Jones' class in Trans
portation and Professor W. S. Hop
kins' class in Theories of Social Re
form.
Mr. Almon E. Roth, former comp
troller of Stanford University, and
now president of the Waterfront
Employers Association of the Pacific
Coast, gave a talk yesterday on "la
bor conditions on the waterfront." to
Professor Eliot Jones' class in Trans
portation and Professor W. S. Hop
kins' class in Theories of Social Re
form.
Mr. Almon E. Roth, former comp
troller of Stanford University, and
now president of the Waterfront
Employers Association of the Pacific
Coast, gave a talk yesterday on "la
bor conditions on the waterfront." to
Professor Eliot Jones' class in Trans
portation and Professor W. S. Hop
kins' class in Theories of Social Re
form.
Mr. Almon E. Roth, former comp
troller of Stanford University, and
now president of the Waterfront
Employers Association of the Pacific
Coast, gave a talk yesterday on "la
bor conditions on the waterfront." to
Professor Eliot Jones' class in Trans
portation and Professor W. S. Hop
kins' class in Theories of Social Re
form.
