# Untitled Article
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. Jan. 7. (Æ) — A
decrease of 5.43 per cent in postal
receipts for December 1930 as com
pared with last year, was reported.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 7. (Æ) — A
decrease of 5.43 per cent in postal
receipts for December 1930 as com
pared with last year, was reported.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 7. (Æ) — A
decrease of 5.43 per cent in postal
receipts for December 1930 as com
pared with last year, was reported.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 7. (Æ) — A
decrease of 5.43 per cent in postal
receipts for December 1930 as com
pared with last year, was reported.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 7. (Æ) — A
decrease of 5.43 per cent in postal
receipts for December 1930 as com
pared with last year, was reported.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 7. (Æ) — A
decrease of 5.43 per cent in postal
receipts for December 1930 as com
pared with last year, was reported.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 7. (Æ) — A
decrease of 5.43 per cent in postal
receipts for December 1930 as com
pared with last year, was reported.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 7. (Æ) — A
decrease of 5.43 per cent in postal
receipts for December 1930 as com
pared with last year, was reported.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 7. (Æ) — A
decrease of 5.43 per cent in postal
receipts for December 1930 as com
pared with last year, was reported.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 7. (Æ) — A
decrease of 5.43 per cent in postal
receipts for December 1930 as com
pared with last year, was reported.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 7. (Æ) — A
decrease of 5.43 per cent in postal
receipts for December 1930 as com
pared with last year, was reported.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 7. (Æ) — A
decrease of 5.43 per cent in postal
receipts for December 1930 as com
pared with last year, was reported.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 7. (Æ) — A
decrease of 5.43 per cent in postal
receipts for December 1930 as com
pared with last year, was reported.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 7. (Æ) — A
decrease of 5.43 per cent in postal
receipts for December 1930 as com
pared with last year, was reported.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 7. (Æ) — A
decrease of 5.43 per cent in postal
receipts for December 1930 as com
pared with last year, was reported.
