# PLAN FOR GRAPES
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7. (/P)—
California grape producers came for
ward today with a plan they said
would jar the country's bootleggers
and at the same time benefit 350,000
persons and "help to save the $350,-
000,000 grape industry from finan
cial disaster."
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7. (/P)—
California grape producers came for
ward today with a plan they said
would jar the country's bootleggers
and at the same time benefit 350,000
persons and "help to save the $350,-
000,000 grape industry from finan
cial disaster."
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7. (/P)—
California grape producers came for
ward today with a plan they said
would jar the country's bootleggers
and at the same time benefit 350,000
persons and "help to save the $350,-
000,000 grape industry from finan
cial disaster."
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7. (/P)—
California grape producers came for
ward today with a plan they said
would jar the country's bootleggers
and at the same time benefit 350,000
persons and "help to save the $350,-
000,000 grape industry from finan
cial disaster."
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7. (/P)—
California grape producers came for
ward today with a plan they said
would jar the country's bootleggers
and at the same time benefit 350,000
persons and "help to save the $350,-
000,000 grape industry from finan
cial disaster."
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7. (/P)—
California grape producers came for
ward today with a plan they said
would jar the country's bootleggers
and at the same time benefit 350,000
persons and "help to save the $350,-
000,000 grape industry from finan
cial disaster."
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7. (/P)—
California grape producers came for
ward today with a plan they said
would jar the country's bootleggers
and at the same time benefit 350,000
persons and "help to save the $350,-
000,000 grape industry from finan
cial disaster."
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7. (/P)—
California grape producers came for
ward today with a plan they said
would jar the country's bootleggers
and at the same time benefit 350,000
persons and "help to save the $350,-
000,000 grape industry from finan
cial disaster."
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7. (/P)—
California grape producers came for
ward today with a plan they said
would jar the country's bootleggers
and at the same time benefit 350,000
persons and "help to save the $350,-
000,000 grape industry from finan
cial disaster."
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7. (/P)—
California grape producers came for
ward today with a plan they said
would jar the country's bootleggers
and at the same time benefit 350,000
persons and "help to save the $350,-
000,000 grape industry from finan
cial disaster."
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7. (/P)—
California grape producers came for
ward today with a plan they said
would jar the country's bootleggers
and at the same time benefit 350,000
persons and "help to save the $350,-
000,000 grape industry from finan
cial disaster."
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7. (/P)—
California grape producers came for
ward today with a plan they said
would jar the country's bootleggers
and at the same time benefit 350,000
persons and "help to save the $350,-
000,000 grape industry from finan
cial disaster."
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7. (/P)—
California grape producers came for
ward today with a plan they said
would jar the country's bootleggers
and at the same time benefit 350,000
persons and "help to save the $350,-
000,000 grape industry from finan
cial disaster."
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7. (/P)—
California grape producers came for
ward today with a plan they said
would jar the country's bootleggers
and at the same time benefit 350,000
persons and "help to save the $350,-
000,000 grape industry from finan
cial disaster."
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7. (/P)—
California grape producers came for
ward today with a plan they said
would jar the country's bootleggers
and at the same time benefit 350,000
persons and "help to save the $350,-
000,000 grape industry from finan
cial disaster."
