# ROBLE TO FEATURE MODERN DECORATION IN ANNUAL FORMAL
## 
### 
Roblc Club will hold its annual
formal dance tomorrow night in the
hall which is to be decorated with
modern designs and panels, accord
ing to Kay Spaulding, dancc chair
man.
The Cardinal orchestra, under the
direction of Herbert Shapiro, will
furnish the music. The patrons and
patronesses are to be Dean Mary
Yost, Miss Anastasia Doyle, Dr. and
Mrs. Charles Moser, and Dr. and
Mrs. Leßoy Abrams.
The committee in charge of the
dance consists of: Bcnita Nobs and
Lorine Anderson, decorations; Janet
Briggs, hostess; Genevieve Goddard,
orchestra; Margaret Friedman, pro
grams; Kate Maus, refreshments.
Roblc Club will hold its annual
formal dance tomorrow night in the
hall which is to be decorated with
modern designs and panels, accord
ing to Kay Spaulding, dancc chair
man.
The Cardinal orchestra, under the
direction of Herbert Shapiro, will
furnish the music. The patrons and
patronesses are to be Dean Mary
Yost, Miss Anastasia Doyle, Dr. and
Mrs. Charles Moser, and Dr. and
Mrs. Leßoy Abrams.
The committee in charge of the
dance consists of: Bcnita Nobs and
Lorine Anderson, decorations; Janet
Briggs, hostess; Genevieve Goddard,
orchestra; Margaret Friedman, pro
grams; Kate Maus, refreshments.
Roblc Club will hold its annual
formal dance tomorrow night in the
hall which is to be decorated with
modern designs and panels, accord
ing to Kay Spaulding, dancc chair
man.
The Cardinal orchestra, under the
direction of Herbert Shapiro, will
furnish the music. The patrons and
patronesses are to be Dean Mary
Yost, Miss Anastasia Doyle, Dr. and
Mrs. Charles Moser, and Dr. and
Mrs. Leßoy Abrams.
The committee in charge of the
dance consists of: Bcnita Nobs and
Lorine Anderson, decorations; Janet
Briggs, hostess; Genevieve Goddard,
orchestra; Margaret Friedman, pro
grams; Kate Maus, refreshments.
Roblc Club will hold its annual
formal dance tomorrow night in the
hall which is to be decorated with
modern designs and panels, accord
ing to Kay Spaulding, dancc chair
man.
The Cardinal orchestra, under the
direction of Herbert Shapiro, will
furnish the music. The patrons and
patronesses are to be Dean Mary
Yost, Miss Anastasia Doyle, Dr. and
Mrs. Charles Moser, and Dr. and
Mrs. Leßoy Abrams.
The committee in charge of the
dance consists of: Bcnita Nobs and
Lorine Anderson, decorations; Janet
Briggs, hostess; Genevieve Goddard,
orchestra; Margaret Friedman, pro
grams; Kate Maus, refreshments.
Roblc Club will hold its annual
formal dance tomorrow night in the
hall which is to be decorated with
modern designs and panels, accord
ing to Kay Spaulding, dancc chair
man.
The Cardinal orchestra, under the
direction of Herbert Shapiro, will
furnish the music. The patrons and
patronesses are to be Dean Mary
Yost, Miss Anastasia Doyle, Dr. and
Mrs. Charles Moser, and Dr. and
Mrs. Leßoy Abrams.
The committee in charge of the
dance consists of: Bcnita Nobs and
Lorine Anderson, decorations; Janet
Briggs, hostess; Genevieve Goddard,
orchestra; Margaret Friedman, pro
grams; Kate Maus, refreshments.
Roblc Club will hold its annual
formal dance tomorrow night in the
hall which is to be decorated with
modern designs and panels, accord
ing to Kay Spaulding, dancc chair
man.
The Cardinal orchestra, under the
direction of Herbert Shapiro, will
furnish the music. The patrons and
patronesses are to be Dean Mary
Yost, Miss Anastasia Doyle, Dr. and
Mrs. Charles Moser, and Dr. and
Mrs. Leßoy Abrams.
The committee in charge of the
dance consists of: Bcnita Nobs and
Lorine Anderson, decorations; Janet
Briggs, hostess; Genevieve Goddard,
orchestra; Margaret Friedman, pro
grams; Kate Maus, refreshments.
Roblc Club will hold its annual
formal dance tomorrow night in the
hall which is to be decorated with
modern designs and panels, accord
ing to Kay Spaulding, dancc chair
man.
The Cardinal orchestra, under the
direction of Herbert Shapiro, will
furnish the music. The patrons and
patronesses are to be Dean Mary
Yost, Miss Anastasia Doyle, Dr. and
Mrs. Charles Moser, and Dr. and
Mrs. Leßoy Abrams.
The committee in charge of the
dance consists of: Bcnita Nobs and
Lorine Anderson, decorations; Janet
Briggs, hostess; Genevieve Goddard,
orchestra; Margaret Friedman, pro
grams; Kate Maus, refreshments.
Roblc Club will hold its annual
formal dance tomorrow night in the
hall which is to be decorated with
modern designs and panels, accord
ing to Kay Spaulding, dancc chair
man.
The Cardinal orchestra, under the
direction of Herbert Shapiro, will
furnish the music. The patrons and
patronesses are to be Dean Mary
Yost, Miss Anastasia Doyle, Dr. and
Mrs. Charles Moser, and Dr. and
Mrs. Leßoy Abrams.
The committee in charge of the
dance consists of: Bcnita Nobs and
Lorine Anderson, decorations; Janet
Briggs, hostess; Genevieve Goddard,
orchestra; Margaret Friedman, pro
grams; Kate Maus, refreshments.
Roblc Club will hold its annual
formal dance tomorrow night in the
hall which is to be decorated with
modern designs and panels, accord
ing to Kay Spaulding, dancc chair
man.
The Cardinal orchestra, under the
direction of Herbert Shapiro, will
furnish the music. The patrons and
patronesses are to be Dean Mary
Yost, Miss Anastasia Doyle, Dr. and
Mrs. Charles Moser, and Dr. and
Mrs. Leßoy Abrams.
The committee in charge of the
dance consists of: Bcnita Nobs and
Lorine Anderson, decorations; Janet
Briggs, hostess; Genevieve Goddard,
orchestra; Margaret Friedman, pro
grams; Kate Maus, refreshments.
Roblc Club will hold its annual
formal dance tomorrow night in the
hall which is to be decorated with
modern designs and panels, accord
ing to Kay Spaulding, dancc chair
man.
The Cardinal orchestra, under the
direction of Herbert Shapiro, will
furnish the music. The patrons and
patronesses are to be Dean Mary
Yost, Miss Anastasia Doyle, Dr. and
Mrs. Charles Moser, and Dr. and
Mrs. Leßoy Abrams.
The committee in charge of the
dance consists of: Bcnita Nobs and
Lorine Anderson, decorations; Janet
Briggs, hostess; Genevieve Goddard,
orchestra; Margaret Friedman, pro
grams; Kate Maus, refreshments.
Roblc Club will hold its annual
formal dance tomorrow night in the
hall which is to be decorated with
modern designs and panels, accord
ing to Kay Spaulding, dancc chair
man.
The Cardinal orchestra, under the
direction of Herbert Shapiro, will
furnish the music. The patrons and
patronesses are to be Dean Mary
Yost, Miss Anastasia Doyle, Dr. and
Mrs. Charles Moser, and Dr. and
Mrs. Leßoy Abrams.
The committee in charge of the
dance consists of: Bcnita Nobs and
Lorine Anderson, decorations; Janet
Briggs, hostess; Genevieve Goddard,
orchestra; Margaret Friedman, pro
grams; Kate Maus, refreshments.
Roblc Club will hold its annual
formal dance tomorrow night in the
hall which is to be decorated with
modern designs and panels, accord
ing to Kay Spaulding, dancc chair
man.
The Cardinal orchestra, under the
direction of Herbert Shapiro, will
furnish the music. The patrons and
patronesses are to be Dean Mary
Yost, Miss Anastasia Doyle, Dr. and
Mrs. Charles Moser, and Dr. and
Mrs. Leßoy Abrams.
The committee in charge of the
dance consists of: Bcnita Nobs and
Lorine Anderson, decorations; Janet
Briggs, hostess; Genevieve Goddard,
orchestra; Margaret Friedman, pro
grams; Kate Maus, refreshments.
Roblc Club will hold its annual
formal dance tomorrow night in the
hall which is to be decorated with
modern designs and panels, accord
ing to Kay Spaulding, dancc chair
man.
The Cardinal orchestra, under the
direction of Herbert Shapiro, will
furnish the music. The patrons and
patronesses are to be Dean Mary
Yost, Miss Anastasia Doyle, Dr. and
Mrs. Charles Moser, and Dr. and
Mrs. Leßoy Abrams.
The committee in charge of the
dance consists of: Bcnita Nobs and
Lorine Anderson, decorations; Janet
Briggs, hostess; Genevieve Goddard,
orchestra; Margaret Friedman, pro
grams; Kate Maus, refreshments.
Roblc Club will hold its annual
formal dance tomorrow night in the
hall which is to be decorated with
modern designs and panels, accord
ing to Kay Spaulding, dancc chair
man.
The Cardinal orchestra, under the
direction of Herbert Shapiro, will
furnish the music. The patrons and
patronesses are to be Dean Mary
Yost, Miss Anastasia Doyle, Dr. and
Mrs. Charles Moser, and Dr. and
Mrs. Leßoy Abrams.
The committee in charge of the
dance consists of: Bcnita Nobs and
Lorine Anderson, decorations; Janet
Briggs, hostess; Genevieve Goddard,
orchestra; Margaret Friedman, pro
grams; Kate Maus, refreshments.
Roblc Club will hold its annual
formal dance tomorrow night in the
hall which is to be decorated with
modern designs and panels, accord
ing to Kay Spaulding, dancc chair
man.
The Cardinal orchestra, under the
direction of Herbert Shapiro, will
furnish the music. The patrons and
patronesses are to be Dean Mary
Yost, Miss Anastasia Doyle, Dr. and
Mrs. Charles Moser, and Dr. and
Mrs. Leßoy Abrams.
The committee in charge of the
dance consists of: Bcnita Nobs and
Lorine Anderson, decorations; Janet
Briggs, hostess; Genevieve Goddard,
orchestra; Margaret Friedman, pro
grams; Kate Maus, refreshments.
