# MURAL CASARA, NET, SWIMMING TITLES ON TAP
## Three Tourneys Set For Winter Quarter; Cage Men Play Monday 
### 
Intramural championships in three
sports, basketball, swimming, and
tennis, are to be decided this quar
ter, according to Parker Reed, di
rector of intramural athletics.
Competition for the school basket
ball title, perhaps the most sought
after of all the intramural cham
pionships, begins next Monday. The
forty-two quintets which have en
tered this tournament have been di
vided into seven leagues. By the
playing of a round robin schedule
in each of these divisions, league
champions will be determined, who
will play off for the title.
Teams Get 10 Points
Every organization with a team
playing in the tournament is to re
ceive 10 points toward the intra
mural championship. League win
ners will receive 30 additional
points, and second place teams 20.
To the school title winner will go
50 points altogether and a leg on
the Hastings basketball trophy,
which is to be permanently awarded
to the organization first winning
twice.
Play in the intramural tennis tour
nament, another championship
which enjoys 40 or more entries
each year, is scheduled to begin
January 19. Two singles and one
doubles match are played in each
contest of the tournament, which
will be conducted on the elimina
tion basis. Any student except var
sity tennis men and the freshman
players of last year is eligible to
compete for his group. January 17
is the last day for entering.
Swim Meet Later
The date of the intramural swim
ming meet has not yet been an
nounced. Last' year 10 clubs took
part, the winners being Phi Sigma
Kappa and Sigma Chi with 18 points.
In addition to these three group
competitions there are to be two in
dividual championships decided dur
ing' the quarter. Entries for the
first, the all-University handball
tournament, close January 10. The
basketball free throw contest, open
to all except varsity players, takes
place January 21, 22, 23.
Intramural championships in three
sports, basketball, swimming, and
tennis, are to be decided this quar
ter, according to Parker Reed, di
rector of intramural athletics.
Competition for the school basket
ball title, perhaps the most sought
after of all the intramural cham
pionships, begins next Monday. The
forty-two quintets which have en
tered this tournament have been di
vided into seven leagues. By the
playing of a round robin schedule
in each of these divisions, league
champions will be determined, who
will play off for the title.
Teams Get 10 Points
Every organization with a team
playing in the tournament is to re
ceive 10 points toward the intra
mural championship. League win
ners will receive 30 additional
points, and second place teams 20.
To the school title winner will go
50 points altogether and a leg on
the Hastings basketball trophy,
which is to be permanently awarded
to the organization first winning
twice.
Play in the intramural tennis tour
nament, another championship
which enjoys 40 or more entries
each year, is scheduled to begin
January 19. Two singles and one
doubles match are played in each
contest of the tournament, which
will be conducted on the elimina
tion basis. Any student except var
sity tennis men and the freshman
players of last year is eligible to
compete for his group. January 17
is the last day for entering.
Swim Meet Later
The date of the intramural swim
ming meet has not yet been an
nounced. Last' year 10 clubs took
part, the winners being Phi Sigma
Kappa and Sigma Chi with 18 points.
In addition to these three group
competitions there are to be two in
dividual championships decided dur
ing' the quarter. Entries for the
first, the all-University handball
tournament, close January 10. The
basketball free throw contest, open
to all except varsity players, takes
place January 21, 22, 23.
Intramural championships in three
sports, basketball, swimming, and
tennis, are to be decided this quar
ter, according to Parker Reed, di
rector of intramural athletics.
Competition for the school basket
ball title, perhaps the most sought
after of all the intramural cham
pionships, begins next Monday. The
forty-two quintets which have en
tered this tournament have been di
vided into seven leagues. By the
playing of a round robin schedule
in each of these divisions, league
champions will be determined, who
will play off for the title.
Teams Get 10 Points
Every organization with a team
playing in the tournament is to re
ceive 10 points toward the intra
mural championship. League win
ners will receive 30 additional
points, and second place teams 20.
To the school title winner will go
50 points altogether and a leg on
the Hastings basketball trophy,
which is to be permanently awarded
to the organization first winning
twice.
Play in the intramural tennis tour
nament, another championship
which enjoys 40 or more entries
each year, is scheduled to begin
January 19. Two singles and one
doubles match are played in each
contest of the tournament, which
will be conducted on the elimina
tion basis. Any student except var
sity tennis men and the freshman
players of last year is eligible to
compete for his group. January 17
is the last day for entering.
Swim Meet Later
The date of the intramural swim
ming meet has not yet been an
nounced. Last' year 10 clubs took
part, the winners being Phi Sigma
Kappa and Sigma Chi with 18 points.
In addition to these three group
competitions there are to be two in
dividual championships decided dur
ing' the quarter. Entries for the
first, the all-University handball
tournament, close January 10. The
basketball free throw contest, open
to all except varsity players, takes
place January 21, 22, 23.
Intramural championships in three
sports, basketball, swimming, and
tennis, are to be decided this quar
ter, according to Parker Reed, di
rector of intramural athletics.
Competition for the school basket
ball title, perhaps the most sought
after of all the intramural cham
pionships, begins next Monday. The
forty-two quintets which have en
tered this tournament have been di
vided into seven leagues. By the
playing of a round robin schedule
in each of these divisions, league
champions will be determined, who
will play off for the title.
Teams Get 10 Points
Every organization with a team
playing in the tournament is to re
ceive 10 points toward the intra
mural championship. League win
ners will receive 30 additional
points, and second place teams 20.
To the school title winner will go
50 points altogether and a leg on
the Hastings basketball trophy,
which is to be permanently awarded
to the organization first winning
twice.
Play in the intramural tennis tour
nament, another championship
which enjoys 40 or more entries
each year, is scheduled to begin
January 19. Two singles and one
doubles match are played in each
contest of the tournament, which
will be conducted on the elimina
tion basis. Any student except var
sity tennis men and the freshman
players of last year is eligible to
compete for his group. January 17
is the last day for entering.
Swim Meet Later
The date of the intramural swim
ming meet has not yet been an
nounced. Last' year 10 clubs took
part, the winners being Phi Sigma
Kappa and Sigma Chi with 18 points.
In addition to these three group
competitions there are to be two in
dividual championships decided dur
ing' the quarter. Entries for the
first, the all-University handball
tournament, close January 10. The
basketball free throw contest, open
to all except varsity players, takes
place January 21, 22, 23.
Intramural championships in three
sports, basketball, swimming, and
tennis, are to be decided this quar
ter, according to Parker Reed, di
rector of intramural athletics.
Competition for the school basket
ball title, perhaps the most sought
after of all the intramural cham
pionships, begins next Monday. The
forty-two quintets which have en
tered this tournament have been di
vided into seven leagues. By the
playing of a round robin schedule
in each of these divisions, league
champions will be determined, who
will play off for the title.
Teams Get 10 Points
Every organization with a team
playing in the tournament is to re
ceive 10 points toward the intra
mural championship. League win
ners will receive 30 additional
points, and second place teams 20.
To the school title winner will go
50 points altogether and a leg on
the Hastings basketball trophy,
which is to be permanently awarded
to the organization first winning
twice.
Play in the intramural tennis tour
nament, another championship
which enjoys 40 or more entries
each year, is scheduled to begin
January 19. Two singles and one
doubles match are played in each
contest of the tournament, which
will be conducted on the elimina
tion basis. Any student except var
sity tennis men and the freshman
players of last year is eligible to
compete for his group. January 17
is the last day for entering.
Swim Meet Later
The date of the intramural swim
ming meet has not yet been an
nounced. Last' year 10 clubs took
part, the winners being Phi Sigma
Kappa and Sigma Chi with 18 points.
In addition to these three group
competitions there are to be two in
dividual championships decided dur
ing' the quarter. Entries for the
first, the all-University handball
tournament, close January 10. The
basketball free throw contest, open
to all except varsity players, takes
place January 21, 22, 23.
Intramural championships in three
sports, basketball, swimming, and
tennis, are to be decided this quar
ter, according to Parker Reed, di
rector of intramural athletics.
Competition for the school basket
ball title, perhaps the most sought
after of all the intramural cham
pionships, begins next Monday. The
forty-two quintets which have en
tered this tournament have been di
vided into seven leagues. By the
playing of a round robin schedule
in each of these divisions, league
champions will be determined, who
will play off for the title.
Teams Get 10 Points
Every organization with a team
playing in the tournament is to re
ceive 10 points toward the intra
mural championship. League win
ners will receive 30 additional
points, and second place teams 20.
To the school title winner will go
50 points altogether and a leg on
the Hastings basketball trophy,
which is to be permanently awarded
to the organization first winning
twice.
Play in the intramural tennis tour
nament, another championship
which enjoys 40 or more entries
each year, is scheduled to begin
January 19. Two singles and one
doubles match are played in each
contest of the tournament, which
will be conducted on the elimina
tion basis. Any student except var
sity tennis men and the freshman
players of last year is eligible to
compete for his group. January 17
is the last day for entering.
Swim Meet Later
The date of the intramural swim
ming meet has not yet been an
nounced. Last' year 10 clubs took
part, the winners being Phi Sigma
Kappa and Sigma Chi with 18 points.
In addition to these three group
competitions there are to be two in
dividual championships decided dur
ing' the quarter. Entries for the
first, the all-University handball
tournament, close January 10. The
basketball free throw contest, open
to all except varsity players, takes
place January 21, 22, 23.
Intramural championships in three
sports, basketball, swimming, and
tennis, are to be decided this quar
ter, according to Parker Reed, di
rector of intramural athletics.
Competition for the school basket
ball title, perhaps the most sought
after of all the intramural cham
pionships, begins next Monday. The
forty-two quintets which have en
tered this tournament have been di
vided into seven leagues. By the
playing of a round robin schedule
in each of these divisions, league
champions will be determined, who
will play off for the title.
Teams Get 10 Points
Every organization with a team
playing in the tournament is to re
ceive 10 points toward the intra
mural championship. League win
ners will receive 30 additional
points, and second place teams 20.
To the school title winner will go
50 points altogether and a leg on
the Hastings basketball trophy,
which is to be permanently awarded
to the organization first winning
twice.
Play in the intramural tennis tour
nament, another championship
which enjoys 40 or more entries
each year, is scheduled to begin
January 19. Two singles and one
doubles match are played in each
contest of the tournament, which
will be conducted on the elimina
tion basis. Any student except var
sity tennis men and the freshman
players of last year is eligible to
compete for his group. January 17
is the last day for entering.
Swim Meet Later
The date of the intramural swim
ming meet has not yet been an
nounced. Last' year 10 clubs took
part, the winners being Phi Sigma
Kappa and Sigma Chi with 18 points.
In addition to these three group
competitions there are to be two in
dividual championships decided dur
ing' the quarter. Entries for the
first, the all-University handball
tournament, close January 10. The
basketball free throw contest, open
to all except varsity players, takes
place January 21, 22, 23.
Intramural championships in three
sports, basketball, swimming, and
tennis, are to be decided this quar
ter, according to Parker Reed, di
rector of intramural athletics.
Competition for the school basket
ball title, perhaps the most sought
after of all the intramural cham
pionships, begins next Monday. The
forty-two quintets which have en
tered this tournament have been di
vided into seven leagues. By the
playing of a round robin schedule
in each of these divisions, league
champions will be determined, who
will play off for the title.
Teams Get 10 Points
Every organization with a team
playing in the tournament is to re
ceive 10 points toward the intra
mural championship. League win
ners will receive 30 additional
points, and second place teams 20.
To the school title winner will go
50 points altogether and a leg on
the Hastings basketball trophy,
which is to be permanently awarded
to the organization first winning
twice.
Play in the intramural tennis tour
nament, another championship
which enjoys 40 or more entries
each year, is scheduled to begin
January 19. Two singles and one
doubles match are played in each
contest of the tournament, which
will be conducted on the elimina
tion basis. Any student except var
sity tennis men and the freshman
players of last year is eligible to
compete for his group. January 17
is the last day for entering.
Swim Meet Later
The date of the intramural swim
ming meet has not yet been an
nounced. Last' year 10 clubs took
part, the winners being Phi Sigma
Kappa and Sigma Chi with 18 points.
In addition to these three group
competitions there are to be two in
dividual championships decided dur
ing' the quarter. Entries for the
first, the all-University handball
tournament, close January 10. The
basketball free throw contest, open
to all except varsity players, takes
place January 21, 22, 23.
Intramural championships in three
sports, basketball, swimming, and
tennis, are to be decided this quar
ter, according to Parker Reed, di
rector of intramural athletics.
Competition for the school basket
ball title, perhaps the most sought
after of all the intramural cham
pionships, begins next Monday. The
forty-two quintets which have en
tered this tournament have been di
vided into seven leagues. By the
playing of a round robin schedule
in each of these divisions, league
champions will be determined, who
will play off for the title.
Teams Get 10 Points
Every organization with a team
playing in the tournament is to re
ceive 10 points toward the intra
mural championship. League win
ners will receive 30 additional
points, and second place teams 20.
To the school title winner will go
50 points altogether and a leg on
the Hastings basketball trophy,
which is to be permanently awarded
to the organization first winning
twice.
Play in the intramural tennis tour
nament, another championship
which enjoys 40 or more entries
each year, is scheduled to begin
January 19. Two singles and one
doubles match are played in each
contest of the tournament, which
will be conducted on the elimina
tion basis. Any student except var
sity tennis men and the freshman
players of last year is eligible to
compete for his group. January 17
is the last day for entering.
Swim Meet Later
The date of the intramural swim
ming meet has not yet been an
nounced. Last' year 10 clubs took
part, the winners being Phi Sigma
Kappa and Sigma Chi with 18 points.
In addition to these three group
competitions there are to be two in
dividual championships decided dur
ing' the quarter. Entries for the
first, the all-University handball
tournament, close January 10. The
basketball free throw contest, open
to all except varsity players, takes
place January 21, 22, 23.
Intramural championships in three
sports, basketball, swimming, and
tennis, are to be decided this quar
ter, according to Parker Reed, di
rector of intramural athletics.
Competition for the school basket
ball title, perhaps the most sought
after of all the intramural cham
pionships, begins next Monday. The
forty-two quintets which have en
tered this tournament have been di
vided into seven leagues. By the
playing of a round robin schedule
in each of these divisions, league
champions will be determined, who
will play off for the title.
Teams Get 10 Points
Every organization with a team
playing in the tournament is to re
ceive 10 points toward the intra
mural championship. League win
ners will receive 30 additional
points, and second place teams 20.
To the school title winner will go
50 points altogether and a leg on
the Hastings basketball trophy,
which is to be permanently awarded
to the organization first winning
twice.
Play in the intramural tennis tour
nament, another championship
which enjoys 40 or more entries
each year, is scheduled to begin
January 19. Two singles and one
doubles match are played in each
contest of the tournament, which
will be conducted on the elimina
tion basis. Any student except var
sity tennis men and the freshman
players of last year is eligible to
compete for his group. January 17
is the last day for entering.
Swim Meet Later
The date of the intramural swim
ming meet has not yet been an
nounced. Last' year 10 clubs took
part, the winners being Phi Sigma
Kappa and Sigma Chi with 18 points.
In addition to these three group
competitions there are to be two in
dividual championships decided dur
ing' the quarter. Entries for the
first, the all-University handball
tournament, close January 10. The
basketball free throw contest, open
to all except varsity players, takes
place January 21, 22, 23.
Intramural championships in three
sports, basketball, swimming, and
tennis, are to be decided this quar
ter, according to Parker Reed, di
rector of intramural athletics.
Competition for the school basket
ball title, perhaps the most sought
after of all the intramural cham
pionships, begins next Monday. The
forty-two quintets which have en
tered this tournament have been di
vided into seven leagues. By the
playing of a round robin schedule
in each of these divisions, league
champions will be determined, who
will play off for the title.
Teams Get 10 Points
Every organization with a team
playing in the tournament is to re
ceive 10 points toward the intra
mural championship. League win
ners will receive 30 additional
points, and second place teams 20.
To the school title winner will go
50 points altogether and a leg on
the Hastings basketball trophy,
which is to be permanently awarded
to the organization first winning
twice.
Play in the intramural tennis tour
nament, another championship
which enjoys 40 or more entries
each year, is scheduled to begin
January 19. Two singles and one
doubles match are played in each
contest of the tournament, which
will be conducted on the elimina
tion basis. Any student except var
sity tennis men and the freshman
players of last year is eligible to
compete for his group. January 17
is the last day for entering.
Swim Meet Later
The date of the intramural swim
ming meet has not yet been an
nounced. Last' year 10 clubs took
part, the winners being Phi Sigma
Kappa and Sigma Chi with 18 points.
In addition to these three group
competitions there are to be two in
dividual championships decided dur
ing' the quarter. Entries for the
first, the all-University handball
tournament, close January 10. The
basketball free throw contest, open
to all except varsity players, takes
place January 21, 22, 23.
Intramural championships in three
sports, basketball, swimming, and
tennis, are to be decided this quar
ter, according to Parker Reed, di
rector of intramural athletics.
Competition for the school basket
ball title, perhaps the most sought
after of all the intramural cham
pionships, begins next Monday. The
forty-two quintets which have en
tered this tournament have been di
vided into seven leagues. By the
playing of a round robin schedule
in each of these divisions, league
champions will be determined, who
will play off for the title.
Teams Get 10 Points
Every organization with a team
playing in the tournament is to re
ceive 10 points toward the intra
mural championship. League win
ners will receive 30 additional
points, and second place teams 20.
To the school title winner will go
50 points altogether and a leg on
the Hastings basketball trophy,
which is to be permanently awarded
to the organization first winning
twice.
Play in the intramural tennis tour
nament, another championship
which enjoys 40 or more entries
each year, is scheduled to begin
January 19. Two singles and one
doubles match are played in each
contest of the tournament, which
will be conducted on the elimina
tion basis. Any student except var
sity tennis men and the freshman
players of last year is eligible to
compete for his group. January 17
is the last day for entering.
Swim Meet Later
The date of the intramural swim
ming meet has not yet been an
nounced. Last' year 10 clubs took
part, the winners being Phi Sigma
Kappa and Sigma Chi with 18 points.
In addition to these three group
competitions there are to be two in
dividual championships decided dur
ing' the quarter. Entries for the
first, the all-University handball
tournament, close January 10. The
basketball free throw contest, open
to all except varsity players, takes
place January 21, 22, 23.
Intramural championships in three
sports, basketball, swimming, and
tennis, are to be decided this quar
ter, according to Parker Reed, di
rector of intramural athletics.
Competition for the school basket
ball title, perhaps the most sought
after of all the intramural cham
pionships, begins next Monday. The
forty-two quintets which have en
tered this tournament have been di
vided into seven leagues. By the
playing of a round robin schedule
in each of these divisions, league
champions will be determined, who
will play off for the title.
Teams Get 10 Points
Every organization with a team
playing in the tournament is to re
ceive 10 points toward the intra
mural championship. League win
ners will receive 30 additional
points, and second place teams 20.
To the school title winner will go
50 points altogether and a leg on
the Hastings basketball trophy,
which is to be permanently awarded
to the organization first winning
twice.
Play in the intramural tennis tour
nament, another championship
which enjoys 40 or more entries
each year, is scheduled to begin
January 19. Two singles and one
doubles match are played in each
contest of the tournament, which
will be conducted on the elimina
tion basis. Any student except var
sity tennis men and the freshman
players of last year is eligible to
compete for his group. January 17
is the last day for entering.
Swim Meet Later
The date of the intramural swim
ming meet has not yet been an
nounced. Last' year 10 clubs took
part, the winners being Phi Sigma
Kappa and Sigma Chi with 18 points.
In addition to these three group
competitions there are to be two in
dividual championships decided dur
ing' the quarter. Entries for the
first, the all-University handball
tournament, close January 10. The
basketball free throw contest, open
to all except varsity players, takes
place January 21, 22, 23.
Intramural championships in three
sports, basketball, swimming, and
tennis, are to be decided this quar
ter, according to Parker Reed, di
rector of intramural athletics.
Competition for the school basket
ball title, perhaps the most sought
after of all the intramural cham
pionships, begins next Monday. The
forty-two quintets which have en
tered this tournament have been di
vided into seven leagues. By the
playing of a round robin schedule
in each of these divisions, league
champions will be determined, who
will play off for the title.
Teams Get 10 Points
Every organization with a team
playing in the tournament is to re
ceive 10 points toward the intra
mural championship. League win
ners will receive 30 additional
points, and second place teams 20.
To the school title winner will go
50 points altogether and a leg on
the Hastings basketball trophy,
which is to be permanently awarded
to the organization first winning
twice.
Play in the intramural tennis tour
nament, another championship
which enjoys 40 or more entries
each year, is scheduled to begin
January 19. Two singles and one
doubles match are played in each
contest of the tournament, which
will be conducted on the elimina
tion basis. Any student except var
sity tennis men and the freshman
players of last year is eligible to
compete for his group. January 17
is the last day for entering.
Swim Meet Later
The date of the intramural swim
ming meet has not yet been an
nounced. Last' year 10 clubs took
part, the winners being Phi Sigma
Kappa and Sigma Chi with 18 points.
In addition to these three group
competitions there are to be two in
dividual championships decided dur
ing' the quarter. Entries for the
first, the all-University handball
tournament, close January 10. The
basketball free throw contest, open
to all except varsity players, takes
place January 21, 22, 23.
Intramural championships in three
sports, basketball, swimming, and
tennis, are to be decided this quar
ter, according to Parker Reed, di
rector of intramural athletics.
Competition for the school basket
ball title, perhaps the most sought
after of all the intramural cham
pionships, begins next Monday. The
forty-two quintets which have en
tered this tournament have been di
vided into seven leagues. By the
playing of a round robin schedule
in each of these divisions, league
champions will be determined, who
will play off for the title.
Teams Get 10 Points
Every organization with a team
playing in the tournament is to re
ceive 10 points toward the intra
mural championship. League win
ners will receive 30 additional
points, and second place teams 20.
To the school title winner will go
50 points altogether and a leg on
the Hastings basketball trophy,
which is to be permanently awarded
to the organization first winning
twice.
Play in the intramural tennis tour
nament, another championship
which enjoys 40 or more entries
each year, is scheduled to begin
January 19. Two singles and one
doubles match are played in each
contest of the tournament, which
will be conducted on the elimina
tion basis. Any student except var
sity tennis men and the freshman
players of last year is eligible to
compete for his group. January 17
is the last day for entering.
Swim Meet Later
The date of the intramural swim
ming meet has not yet been an
nounced. Last' year 10 clubs took
part, the winners being Phi Sigma
Kappa and Sigma Chi with 18 points.
In addition to these three group
competitions there are to be two in
dividual championships decided dur
ing' the quarter. Entries for the
first, the all-University handball
tournament, close January 10. The
basketball free throw contest, open
to all except varsity players, takes
place January 21, 22, 23.
