# YOSEMITE GETS DEEP SNOW FOR CARNIVAL
## 
### 
YOSEMITE, Jan. 7. (/P)—A deep
new blanket of snow was being
spread over the floor of Yosemite
Valley today as the heaviest storm
of the season broke. The fall as
sured a proper background for the
San Joaquin Sports Carnival over
the week-end. Governor James
Rolph, Jr., will arrive Saturday
night to crown the queen of the
festival.
YOSEMITE, Jan. 7. (/P)—A deep
new blanket of snow was being
spread over the floor of Yosemite
Valley today as the heaviest storm
of the season broke. The fall as
sured a proper background for the
San Joaquin Sports Carnival over
the week-end. Governor James
Rolph, Jr., will arrive Saturday
night to crown the queen of the
festival.
YOSEMITE, Jan. 7. (/P)—A deep
new blanket of snow was being
spread over the floor of Yosemite
Valley today as the heaviest storm
of the season broke. The fall as
sured a proper background for the
San Joaquin Sports Carnival over
the week-end. Governor James
Rolph, Jr., will arrive Saturday
night to crown the queen of the
festival.
YOSEMITE, Jan. 7. (/P)—A deep
new blanket of snow was being
spread over the floor of Yosemite
Valley today as the heaviest storm
of the season broke. The fall as
sured a proper background for the
San Joaquin Sports Carnival over
the week-end. Governor James
Rolph, Jr., will arrive Saturday
night to crown the queen of the
festival.
YOSEMITE, Jan. 7. (/P)—A deep
new blanket of snow was being
spread over the floor of Yosemite
Valley today as the heaviest storm
of the season broke. The fall as
sured a proper background for the
San Joaquin Sports Carnival over
the week-end. Governor James
Rolph, Jr., will arrive Saturday
night to crown the queen of the
festival.
YOSEMITE, Jan. 7. (/P)—A deep
new blanket of snow was being
spread over the floor of Yosemite
Valley today as the heaviest storm
of the season broke. The fall as
sured a proper background for the
San Joaquin Sports Carnival over
the week-end. Governor James
Rolph, Jr., will arrive Saturday
night to crown the queen of the
festival.
YOSEMITE, Jan. 7. (/P)—A deep
new blanket of snow was being
spread over the floor of Yosemite
Valley today as the heaviest storm
of the season broke. The fall as
sured a proper background for the
San Joaquin Sports Carnival over
the week-end. Governor James
Rolph, Jr., will arrive Saturday
night to crown the queen of the
festival.
YOSEMITE, Jan. 7. (/P)—A deep
new blanket of snow was being
spread over the floor of Yosemite
Valley today as the heaviest storm
of the season broke. The fall as
sured a proper background for the
San Joaquin Sports Carnival over
the week-end. Governor James
Rolph, Jr., will arrive Saturday
night to crown the queen of the
festival.
YOSEMITE, Jan. 7. (/P)—A deep
new blanket of snow was being
spread over the floor of Yosemite
Valley today as the heaviest storm
of the season broke. The fall as
sured a proper background for the
San Joaquin Sports Carnival over
the week-end. Governor James
Rolph, Jr., will arrive Saturday
night to crown the queen of the
festival.
YOSEMITE, Jan. 7. (/P)—A deep
new blanket of snow was being
spread over the floor of Yosemite
Valley today as the heaviest storm
of the season broke. The fall as
sured a proper background for the
San Joaquin Sports Carnival over
the week-end. Governor James
Rolph, Jr., will arrive Saturday
night to crown the queen of the
festival.
YOSEMITE, Jan. 7. (/P)—A deep
new blanket of snow was being
spread over the floor of Yosemite
Valley today as the heaviest storm
of the season broke. The fall as
sured a proper background for the
San Joaquin Sports Carnival over
the week-end. Governor James
Rolph, Jr., will arrive Saturday
night to crown the queen of the
festival.
YOSEMITE, Jan. 7. (/P)—A deep
new blanket of snow was being
spread over the floor of Yosemite
Valley today as the heaviest storm
of the season broke. The fall as
sured a proper background for the
San Joaquin Sports Carnival over
the week-end. Governor James
Rolph, Jr., will arrive Saturday
night to crown the queen of the
festival.
YOSEMITE, Jan. 7. (/P)—A deep
new blanket of snow was being
spread over the floor of Yosemite
Valley today as the heaviest storm
of the season broke. The fall as
sured a proper background for the
San Joaquin Sports Carnival over
the week-end. Governor James
Rolph, Jr., will arrive Saturday
night to crown the queen of the
festival.
YOSEMITE, Jan. 7. (/P)—A deep
new blanket of snow was being
spread over the floor of Yosemite
Valley today as the heaviest storm
of the season broke. The fall as
sured a proper background for the
San Joaquin Sports Carnival over
the week-end. Governor James
Rolph, Jr., will arrive Saturday
night to crown the queen of the
festival.
YOSEMITE, Jan. 7. (/P)—A deep
new blanket of snow was being
spread over the floor of Yosemite
Valley today as the heaviest storm
of the season broke. The fall as
sured a proper background for the
San Joaquin Sports Carnival over
the week-end. Governor James
Rolph, Jr., will arrive Saturday
night to crown the queen of the
festival.
