# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The letters of the words, "My
Dear Mother," instead of figures,
were on the face of a clock pre
sented to a Devonshire church.
The letters of the words, "My
Dear Mother," instead of figures,
were on the face of a clock pre
sented to a Devonshire church.
The letters of the words, "My
Dear Mother," instead of figures,
were on the face of a clock pre
sented to a Devonshire church.
The letters of the words, "My
Dear Mother," instead of figures,
were on the face of a clock pre
sented to a Devonshire church.
The letters of the words, "My
Dear Mother," instead of figures,
were on the face of a clock pre
sented to a Devonshire church.
The letters of the words, "My
Dear Mother," instead of figures,
were on the face of a clock pre
sented to a Devonshire church.
The letters of the words, "My
Dear Mother," instead of figures,
were on the face of a clock pre
sented to a Devonshire church.
The letters of the words, "My
Dear Mother," instead of figures,
were on the face of a clock pre
sented to a Devonshire church.
The letters of the words, "My
Dear Mother," instead of figures,
were on the face of a clock pre
sented to a Devonshire church.
The letters of the words, "My
Dear Mother," instead of figures,
were on the face of a clock pre
sented to a Devonshire church.
The letters of the words, "My
Dear Mother," instead of figures,
were on the face of a clock pre
sented to a Devonshire church.
The letters of the words, "My
Dear Mother," instead of figures,
were on the face of a clock pre
sented to a Devonshire church.
The letters of the words, "My
Dear Mother," instead of figures,
were on the face of a clock pre
sented to a Devonshire church.
The letters of the words, "My
Dear Mother," instead of figures,
were on the face of a clock pre
sented to a Devonshire church.
The letters of the words, "My
Dear Mother," instead of figures,
were on the face of a clock pre
sented to a Devonshire church.
