# OFFERED NEW JOB
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 7 </P) —H. L.
Carnahan, former lieutenant-gov
ernor, has been offered the position
of state building and loan commis
sioner by Governor James Rolph, Jr.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 7 </P) —H. L.
Carnahan, former lieutenant-gov
ernor, has been offered the position
of state building and loan commis
sioner by Governor James Rolph, Jr.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 7 </P) —H. L.
Carnahan, former lieutenant-gov
ernor, has been offered the position
of state building and loan commis
sioner by Governor James Rolph, Jr.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 7 </P) —H. L.
Carnahan, former lieutenant-gov
ernor, has been offered the position
of state building and loan commis
sioner by Governor James Rolph, Jr.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 7 </P) —H. L.
Carnahan, former lieutenant-gov
ernor, has been offered the position
of state building and loan commis
sioner by Governor James Rolph, Jr.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 7 </P) —H. L.
Carnahan, former lieutenant-gov
ernor, has been offered the position
of state building and loan commis
sioner by Governor James Rolph, Jr.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 7 </P) —H. L.
Carnahan, former lieutenant-gov
ernor, has been offered the position
of state building and loan commis
sioner by Governor James Rolph, Jr.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 7 </P) —H. L.
Carnahan, former lieutenant-gov
ernor, has been offered the position
of state building and loan commis
sioner by Governor James Rolph, Jr.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 7 </P) —H. L.
Carnahan, former lieutenant-gov
ernor, has been offered the position
of state building and loan commis
sioner by Governor James Rolph, Jr.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 7 </P) —H. L.
Carnahan, former lieutenant-gov
ernor, has been offered the position
of state building and loan commis
sioner by Governor James Rolph, Jr.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 7 </P) —H. L.
Carnahan, former lieutenant-gov
ernor, has been offered the position
of state building and loan commis
sioner by Governor James Rolph, Jr.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 7 </P) —H. L.
Carnahan, former lieutenant-gov
ernor, has been offered the position
of state building and loan commis
sioner by Governor James Rolph, Jr.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 7 </P) —H. L.
Carnahan, former lieutenant-gov
ernor, has been offered the position
of state building and loan commis
sioner by Governor James Rolph, Jr.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 7 </P) —H. L.
Carnahan, former lieutenant-gov
ernor, has been offered the position
of state building and loan commis
sioner by Governor James Rolph, Jr.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 7 </P) —H. L.
Carnahan, former lieutenant-gov
ernor, has been offered the position
of state building and loan commis
sioner by Governor James Rolph, Jr.
