# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Gene Tunney, retired heavyweight
champion, will acquire the rank of
army major.
Gene Tunney, retired heavyweight
champion, will acquire the rank of
army major.
Gene Tunney, retired heavyweight
champion, will acquire the rank of
army major.
Gene Tunney, retired heavyweight
champion, will acquire the rank of
army major.
Gene Tunney, retired heavyweight
champion, will acquire the rank of
army major.
Gene Tunney, retired heavyweight
champion, will acquire the rank of
army major.
Gene Tunney, retired heavyweight
champion, will acquire the rank of
army major.
Gene Tunney, retired heavyweight
champion, will acquire the rank of
army major.
Gene Tunney, retired heavyweight
champion, will acquire the rank of
army major.
Gene Tunney, retired heavyweight
champion, will acquire the rank of
army major.
Gene Tunney, retired heavyweight
champion, will acquire the rank of
army major.
Gene Tunney, retired heavyweight
champion, will acquire the rank of
army major.
Gene Tunney, retired heavyweight
champion, will acquire the rank of
army major.
Gene Tunney, retired heavyweight
champion, will acquire the rank of
army major.
Gene Tunney, retired heavyweight
champion, will acquire the rank of
army major.
