# TOM PIKE BACK FROM ATLANTA STUDENT MEET
## Campus President Visits Wilbur, Hoover On N.S.F.A. Trip 
### 
Returning from Atlanta, Geoigia, !
where he attended the annual con
vention of the National Students j
Federation of America, Tom Pike,
student body president, declared
yesterday that the gathering had >
been highly successful, and that he
had a profitable interview with
President Ray Lyman Wilbur in ,
Washington.
Pike discussed various problems
of student government with Wilbur,
particularly the question of the j
present functioning of the Honor '
System, the success of which Wil- j
bur believes to lie in its backing by
the student body. There is a possi
bility, Pike says, that the Secretary
of the Interior may be called West
soon in connection with his oil con
servation program.
Lunches With Hoovers
The A.S.S.U. executive was en
tertained at luncheon in Washing
ton by President and Mrs. Herbert
Hoover and their son, Allan, a Stan
ford graduate.
"The constructive program of the
N.S.F.A. convention, which was at
tended by delegates from approxi
mately 250 universities throughout i
the country, was centered around
discussion groups which took up i
and attempted to settle several stu
dent problems, such as those con- j
cerned with athletics, honor sys
tems, publications, fraternity and
non-fraternity organizations, and
student government," Pike stated.
Exchange of Ideas
"No startling solutions were ar- ;
rived at, but the exchange of ideas i
was beneficial to all," the student j
president asserted. In this latter as- ,
pect the strength and value of the 1
organization lies, Pike feels.
"Besides functioning as a 'campus j
problem clearing-house,' the N.S.F.A.
is aiming at better international 1
understanding and co-operation !
through contact with foreign student
federations, sponsoring international
intercollegiate debates, and facili
tating student travel abroad," he
continued. "Through questionnaires
issued at the gathering, the organi- !
zation also attempted to obtain stu
dent opinion on such national issues
as the tariff, the World Court, and
prohibition, the results of which j
have been widely published."
The host institutions of the con
vention were Georgia Tech and Ag- j
nes Scott College for Women.
Returning from Atlanta, Geoigia, !
where he attended the annual con
vention of the National Students j
Federation of America, Tom Pike,
student body president, declared
yesterday that the gathering had >
been highly successful, and that he
had a profitable interview with
President Ray Lyman Wilbur in ,
Washington.
Pike discussed various problems
of student government with Wilbur,
particularly the question of the j
present functioning of the Honor '
System, the success of which Wil- j
bur believes to lie in its backing by
the student body. There is a possi
bility, Pike says, that the Secretary
of the Interior may be called West
soon in connection with his oil con
servation program.
Lunches With Hoovers
The A.S.S.U. executive was en
tertained at luncheon in Washing
ton by President and Mrs. Herbert
Hoover and their son, Allan, a Stan
ford graduate.
"The constructive program of the
N.S.F.A. convention, which was at
tended by delegates from approxi
mately 250 universities throughout i
the country, was centered around
discussion groups which took up i
and attempted to settle several stu
dent problems, such as those con- j
cerned with athletics, honor sys
tems, publications, fraternity and
non-fraternity organizations, and
student government," Pike stated.
Exchange of Ideas
"No startling solutions were ar- ;
rived at, but the exchange of ideas i
was beneficial to all," the student j
president asserted. In this latter as- ,
pect the strength and value of the 1
organization lies, Pike feels.
"Besides functioning as a 'campus j
problem clearing-house,' the N.S.F.A.
is aiming at better international 1
understanding and co-operation !
through contact with foreign student
federations, sponsoring international
intercollegiate debates, and facili
tating student travel abroad," he
continued. "Through questionnaires
issued at the gathering, the organi- !
zation also attempted to obtain stu
dent opinion on such national issues
as the tariff, the World Court, and
prohibition, the results of which j
have been widely published."
The host institutions of the con
vention were Georgia Tech and Ag- j
nes Scott College for Women.
Returning from Atlanta, Geoigia, !
where he attended the annual con
vention of the National Students j
Federation of America, Tom Pike,
student body president, declared
yesterday that the gathering had >
been highly successful, and that he
had a profitable interview with
President Ray Lyman Wilbur in ,
Washington.
Pike discussed various problems
of student government with Wilbur,
particularly the question of the j
present functioning of the Honor '
System, the success of which Wil- j
bur believes to lie in its backing by
the student body. There is a possi
bility, Pike says, that the Secretary
of the Interior may be called West
soon in connection with his oil con
servation program.
Lunches With Hoovers
The A.S.S.U. executive was en
tertained at luncheon in Washing
ton by President and Mrs. Herbert
Hoover and their son, Allan, a Stan
ford graduate.
"The constructive program of the
N.S.F.A. convention, which was at
tended by delegates from approxi
mately 250 universities throughout i
the country, was centered around
discussion groups which took up i
and attempted to settle several stu
dent problems, such as those con- j
cerned with athletics, honor sys
tems, publications, fraternity and
non-fraternity organizations, and
student government," Pike stated.
Exchange of Ideas
"No startling solutions were ar- ;
rived at, but the exchange of ideas i
was beneficial to all," the student j
president asserted. In this latter as- ,
pect the strength and value of the 1
organization lies, Pike feels.
"Besides functioning as a 'campus j
problem clearing-house,' the N.S.F.A.
is aiming at better international 1
understanding and co-operation !
through contact with foreign student
federations, sponsoring international
intercollegiate debates, and facili
tating student travel abroad," he
continued. "Through questionnaires
issued at the gathering, the organi- !
zation also attempted to obtain stu
dent opinion on such national issues
as the tariff, the World Court, and
prohibition, the results of which j
have been widely published."
The host institutions of the con
vention were Georgia Tech and Ag- j
nes Scott College for Women.
Returning from Atlanta, Geoigia, !
where he attended the annual con
vention of the National Students j
Federation of America, Tom Pike,
student body president, declared
yesterday that the gathering had >
been highly successful, and that he
had a profitable interview with
President Ray Lyman Wilbur in ,
Washington.
Pike discussed various problems
of student government with Wilbur,
particularly the question of the j
present functioning of the Honor '
System, the success of which Wil- j
bur believes to lie in its backing by
the student body. There is a possi
bility, Pike says, that the Secretary
of the Interior may be called West
soon in connection with his oil con
servation program.
Lunches With Hoovers
The A.S.S.U. executive was en
tertained at luncheon in Washing
ton by President and Mrs. Herbert
Hoover and their son, Allan, a Stan
ford graduate.
"The constructive program of the
N.S.F.A. convention, which was at
tended by delegates from approxi
mately 250 universities throughout i
the country, was centered around
discussion groups which took up i
and attempted to settle several stu
dent problems, such as those con- j
cerned with athletics, honor sys
tems, publications, fraternity and
non-fraternity organizations, and
student government," Pike stated.
Exchange of Ideas
"No startling solutions were ar- ;
rived at, but the exchange of ideas i
was beneficial to all," the student j
president asserted. In this latter as- ,
pect the strength and value of the 1
organization lies, Pike feels.
"Besides functioning as a 'campus j
problem clearing-house,' the N.S.F.A.
is aiming at better international 1
understanding and co-operation !
through contact with foreign student
federations, sponsoring international
intercollegiate debates, and facili
tating student travel abroad," he
continued. "Through questionnaires
issued at the gathering, the organi- !
zation also attempted to obtain stu
dent opinion on such national issues
as the tariff, the World Court, and
prohibition, the results of which j
have been widely published."
The host institutions of the con
vention were Georgia Tech and Ag- j
nes Scott College for Women.
Returning from Atlanta, Geoigia, !
where he attended the annual con
vention of the National Students j
Federation of America, Tom Pike,
student body president, declared
yesterday that the gathering had >
been highly successful, and that he
had a profitable interview with
President Ray Lyman Wilbur in ,
Washington.
Pike discussed various problems
of student government with Wilbur,
particularly the question of the j
present functioning of the Honor '
System, the success of which Wil- j
bur believes to lie in its backing by
the student body. There is a possi
bility, Pike says, that the Secretary
of the Interior may be called West
soon in connection with his oil con
servation program.
Lunches With Hoovers
The A.S.S.U. executive was en
tertained at luncheon in Washing
ton by President and Mrs. Herbert
Hoover and their son, Allan, a Stan
ford graduate.
"The constructive program of the
N.S.F.A. convention, which was at
tended by delegates from approxi
mately 250 universities throughout i
the country, was centered around
discussion groups which took up i
and attempted to settle several stu
dent problems, such as those con- j
cerned with athletics, honor sys
tems, publications, fraternity and
non-fraternity organizations, and
student government," Pike stated.
Exchange of Ideas
"No startling solutions were ar- ;
rived at, but the exchange of ideas i
was beneficial to all," the student j
president asserted. In this latter as- ,
pect the strength and value of the 1
organization lies, Pike feels.
"Besides functioning as a 'campus j
problem clearing-house,' the N.S.F.A.
is aiming at better international 1
understanding and co-operation !
through contact with foreign student
federations, sponsoring international
intercollegiate debates, and facili
tating student travel abroad," he
continued. "Through questionnaires
issued at the gathering, the organi- !
zation also attempted to obtain stu
dent opinion on such national issues
as the tariff, the World Court, and
prohibition, the results of which j
have been widely published."
The host institutions of the con
vention were Georgia Tech and Ag- j
nes Scott College for Women.
Returning from Atlanta, Geoigia, !
where he attended the annual con
vention of the National Students j
Federation of America, Tom Pike,
student body president, declared
yesterday that the gathering had >
been highly successful, and that he
had a profitable interview with
President Ray Lyman Wilbur in ,
Washington.
Pike discussed various problems
of student government with Wilbur,
particularly the question of the j
present functioning of the Honor '
System, the success of which Wil- j
bur believes to lie in its backing by
the student body. There is a possi
bility, Pike says, that the Secretary
of the Interior may be called West
soon in connection with his oil con
servation program.
Lunches With Hoovers
The A.S.S.U. executive was en
tertained at luncheon in Washing
ton by President and Mrs. Herbert
Hoover and their son, Allan, a Stan
ford graduate.
"The constructive program of the
N.S.F.A. convention, which was at
tended by delegates from approxi
mately 250 universities throughout i
the country, was centered around
discussion groups which took up i
and attempted to settle several stu
dent problems, such as those con- j
cerned with athletics, honor sys
tems, publications, fraternity and
non-fraternity organizations, and
student government," Pike stated.
Exchange of Ideas
"No startling solutions were ar- ;
rived at, but the exchange of ideas i
was beneficial to all," the student j
president asserted. In this latter as- ,
pect the strength and value of the 1
organization lies, Pike feels.
"Besides functioning as a 'campus j
problem clearing-house,' the N.S.F.A.
is aiming at better international 1
understanding and co-operation !
through contact with foreign student
federations, sponsoring international
intercollegiate debates, and facili
tating student travel abroad," he
continued. "Through questionnaires
issued at the gathering, the organi- !
zation also attempted to obtain stu
dent opinion on such national issues
as the tariff, the World Court, and
prohibition, the results of which j
have been widely published."
The host institutions of the con
vention were Georgia Tech and Ag- j
nes Scott College for Women.
Returning from Atlanta, Geoigia, !
where he attended the annual con
vention of the National Students j
Federation of America, Tom Pike,
student body president, declared
yesterday that the gathering had >
been highly successful, and that he
had a profitable interview with
President Ray Lyman Wilbur in ,
Washington.
Pike discussed various problems
of student government with Wilbur,
particularly the question of the j
present functioning of the Honor '
System, the success of which Wil- j
bur believes to lie in its backing by
the student body. There is a possi
bility, Pike says, that the Secretary
of the Interior may be called West
soon in connection with his oil con
servation program.
Lunches With Hoovers
The A.S.S.U. executive was en
tertained at luncheon in Washing
ton by President and Mrs. Herbert
Hoover and their son, Allan, a Stan
ford graduate.
"The constructive program of the
N.S.F.A. convention, which was at
tended by delegates from approxi
mately 250 universities throughout i
the country, was centered around
discussion groups which took up i
and attempted to settle several stu
dent problems, such as those con- j
cerned with athletics, honor sys
tems, publications, fraternity and
non-fraternity organizations, and
student government," Pike stated.
Exchange of Ideas
"No startling solutions were ar- ;
rived at, but the exchange of ideas i
was beneficial to all," the student j
president asserted. In this latter as- ,
pect the strength and value of the 1
organization lies, Pike feels.
"Besides functioning as a 'campus j
problem clearing-house,' the N.S.F.A.
is aiming at better international 1
understanding and co-operation !
through contact with foreign student
federations, sponsoring international
intercollegiate debates, and facili
tating student travel abroad," he
continued. "Through questionnaires
issued at the gathering, the organi- !
zation also attempted to obtain stu
dent opinion on such national issues
as the tariff, the World Court, and
prohibition, the results of which j
have been widely published."
The host institutions of the con
vention were Georgia Tech and Ag- j
nes Scott College for Women.
Returning from Atlanta, Geoigia, !
where he attended the annual con
vention of the National Students j
Federation of America, Tom Pike,
student body president, declared
yesterday that the gathering had >
been highly successful, and that he
had a profitable interview with
President Ray Lyman Wilbur in ,
Washington.
Pike discussed various problems
of student government with Wilbur,
particularly the question of the j
present functioning of the Honor '
System, the success of which Wil- j
bur believes to lie in its backing by
the student body. There is a possi
bility, Pike says, that the Secretary
of the Interior may be called West
soon in connection with his oil con
servation program.
Lunches With Hoovers
The A.S.S.U. executive was en
tertained at luncheon in Washing
ton by President and Mrs. Herbert
Hoover and their son, Allan, a Stan
ford graduate.
"The constructive program of the
N.S.F.A. convention, which was at
tended by delegates from approxi
mately 250 universities throughout i
the country, was centered around
discussion groups which took up i
and attempted to settle several stu
dent problems, such as those con- j
cerned with athletics, honor sys
tems, publications, fraternity and
non-fraternity organizations, and
student government," Pike stated.
Exchange of Ideas
"No startling solutions were ar- ;
rived at, but the exchange of ideas i
was beneficial to all," the student j
president asserted. In this latter as- ,
pect the strength and value of the 1
organization lies, Pike feels.
"Besides functioning as a 'campus j
problem clearing-house,' the N.S.F.A.
is aiming at better international 1
understanding and co-operation !
through contact with foreign student
federations, sponsoring international
intercollegiate debates, and facili
tating student travel abroad," he
continued. "Through questionnaires
issued at the gathering, the organi- !
zation also attempted to obtain stu
dent opinion on such national issues
as the tariff, the World Court, and
prohibition, the results of which j
have been widely published."
The host institutions of the con
vention were Georgia Tech and Ag- j
nes Scott College for Women.
Returning from Atlanta, Geoigia, !
where he attended the annual con
vention of the National Students j
Federation of America, Tom Pike,
student body president, declared
yesterday that the gathering had >
been highly successful, and that he
had a profitable interview with
President Ray Lyman Wilbur in ,
Washington.
Pike discussed various problems
of student government with Wilbur,
particularly the question of the j
present functioning of the Honor '
System, the success of which Wil- j
bur believes to lie in its backing by
the student body. There is a possi
bility, Pike says, that the Secretary
of the Interior may be called West
soon in connection with his oil con
servation program.
Lunches With Hoovers
The A.S.S.U. executive was en
tertained at luncheon in Washing
ton by President and Mrs. Herbert
Hoover and their son, Allan, a Stan
ford graduate.
"The constructive program of the
N.S.F.A. convention, which was at
tended by delegates from approxi
mately 250 universities throughout i
the country, was centered around
discussion groups which took up i
and attempted to settle several stu
dent problems, such as those con- j
cerned with athletics, honor sys
tems, publications, fraternity and
non-fraternity organizations, and
student government," Pike stated.
Exchange of Ideas
"No startling solutions were ar- ;
rived at, but the exchange of ideas i
was beneficial to all," the student j
president asserted. In this latter as- ,
pect the strength and value of the 1
organization lies, Pike feels.
"Besides functioning as a 'campus j
problem clearing-house,' the N.S.F.A.
is aiming at better international 1
understanding and co-operation !
through contact with foreign student
federations, sponsoring international
intercollegiate debates, and facili
tating student travel abroad," he
continued. "Through questionnaires
issued at the gathering, the organi- !
zation also attempted to obtain stu
dent opinion on such national issues
as the tariff, the World Court, and
prohibition, the results of which j
have been widely published."
The host institutions of the con
vention were Georgia Tech and Ag- j
nes Scott College for Women.
Returning from Atlanta, Geoigia, !
where he attended the annual con
vention of the National Students j
Federation of America, Tom Pike,
student body president, declared
yesterday that the gathering had >
been highly successful, and that he
had a profitable interview with
President Ray Lyman Wilbur in ,
Washington.
Pike discussed various problems
of student government with Wilbur,
particularly the question of the j
present functioning of the Honor '
System, the success of which Wil- j
bur believes to lie in its backing by
the student body. There is a possi
bility, Pike says, that the Secretary
of the Interior may be called West
soon in connection with his oil con
servation program.
Lunches With Hoovers
The A.S.S.U. executive was en
tertained at luncheon in Washing
ton by President and Mrs. Herbert
Hoover and their son, Allan, a Stan
ford graduate.
"The constructive program of the
N.S.F.A. convention, which was at
tended by delegates from approxi
mately 250 universities throughout i
the country, was centered around
discussion groups which took up i
and attempted to settle several stu
dent problems, such as those con- j
cerned with athletics, honor sys
tems, publications, fraternity and
non-fraternity organizations, and
student government," Pike stated.
Exchange of Ideas
"No startling solutions were ar- ;
rived at, but the exchange of ideas i
was beneficial to all," the student j
president asserted. In this latter as- ,
pect the strength and value of the 1
organization lies, Pike feels.
"Besides functioning as a 'campus j
problem clearing-house,' the N.S.F.A.
is aiming at better international 1
understanding and co-operation !
through contact with foreign student
federations, sponsoring international
intercollegiate debates, and facili
tating student travel abroad," he
continued. "Through questionnaires
issued at the gathering, the organi- !
zation also attempted to obtain stu
dent opinion on such national issues
as the tariff, the World Court, and
prohibition, the results of which j
have been widely published."
The host institutions of the con
vention were Georgia Tech and Ag- j
nes Scott College for Women.
Returning from Atlanta, Geoigia, !
where he attended the annual con
vention of the National Students j
Federation of America, Tom Pike,
student body president, declared
yesterday that the gathering had >
been highly successful, and that he
had a profitable interview with
President Ray Lyman Wilbur in ,
Washington.
Pike discussed various problems
of student government with Wilbur,
particularly the question of the j
present functioning of the Honor '
System, the success of which Wil- j
bur believes to lie in its backing by
the student body. There is a possi
bility, Pike says, that the Secretary
of the Interior may be called West
soon in connection with his oil con
servation program.
Lunches With Hoovers
The A.S.S.U. executive was en
tertained at luncheon in Washing
ton by President and Mrs. Herbert
Hoover and their son, Allan, a Stan
ford graduate.
"The constructive program of the
N.S.F.A. convention, which was at
tended by delegates from approxi
mately 250 universities throughout i
the country, was centered around
discussion groups which took up i
and attempted to settle several stu
dent problems, such as those con- j
cerned with athletics, honor sys
tems, publications, fraternity and
non-fraternity organizations, and
student government," Pike stated.
Exchange of Ideas
"No startling solutions were ar- ;
rived at, but the exchange of ideas i
was beneficial to all," the student j
president asserted. In this latter as- ,
pect the strength and value of the 1
organization lies, Pike feels.
"Besides functioning as a 'campus j
problem clearing-house,' the N.S.F.A.
is aiming at better international 1
understanding and co-operation !
through contact with foreign student
federations, sponsoring international
intercollegiate debates, and facili
tating student travel abroad," he
continued. "Through questionnaires
issued at the gathering, the organi- !
zation also attempted to obtain stu
dent opinion on such national issues
as the tariff, the World Court, and
prohibition, the results of which j
have been widely published."
The host institutions of the con
vention were Georgia Tech and Ag- j
nes Scott College for Women.
Returning from Atlanta, Geoigia, !
where he attended the annual con
vention of the National Students j
Federation of America, Tom Pike,
student body president, declared
yesterday that the gathering had >
been highly successful, and that he
had a profitable interview with
President Ray Lyman Wilbur in ,
Washington.
Pike discussed various problems
of student government with Wilbur,
particularly the question of the j
present functioning of the Honor '
System, the success of which Wil- j
bur believes to lie in its backing by
the student body. There is a possi
bility, Pike says, that the Secretary
of the Interior may be called West
soon in connection with his oil con
servation program.
Lunches With Hoovers
The A.S.S.U. executive was en
tertained at luncheon in Washing
ton by President and Mrs. Herbert
Hoover and their son, Allan, a Stan
ford graduate.
"The constructive program of the
N.S.F.A. convention, which was at
tended by delegates from approxi
mately 250 universities throughout i
the country, was centered around
discussion groups which took up i
and attempted to settle several stu
dent problems, such as those con- j
cerned with athletics, honor sys
tems, publications, fraternity and
non-fraternity organizations, and
student government," Pike stated.
Exchange of Ideas
"No startling solutions were ar- ;
rived at, but the exchange of ideas i
was beneficial to all," the student j
president asserted. In this latter as- ,
pect the strength and value of the 1
organization lies, Pike feels.
"Besides functioning as a 'campus j
problem clearing-house,' the N.S.F.A.
is aiming at better international 1
understanding and co-operation !
through contact with foreign student
federations, sponsoring international
intercollegiate debates, and facili
tating student travel abroad," he
continued. "Through questionnaires
issued at the gathering, the organi- !
zation also attempted to obtain stu
dent opinion on such national issues
as the tariff, the World Court, and
prohibition, the results of which j
have been widely published."
The host institutions of the con
vention were Georgia Tech and Ag- j
nes Scott College for Women.
Returning from Atlanta, Geoigia, !
where he attended the annual con
vention of the National Students j
Federation of America, Tom Pike,
student body president, declared
yesterday that the gathering had >
been highly successful, and that he
had a profitable interview with
President Ray Lyman Wilbur in ,
Washington.
Pike discussed various problems
of student government with Wilbur,
particularly the question of the j
present functioning of the Honor '
System, the success of which Wil- j
bur believes to lie in its backing by
the student body. There is a possi
bility, Pike says, that the Secretary
of the Interior may be called West
soon in connection with his oil con
servation program.
Lunches With Hoovers
The A.S.S.U. executive was en
tertained at luncheon in Washing
ton by President and Mrs. Herbert
Hoover and their son, Allan, a Stan
ford graduate.
"The constructive program of the
N.S.F.A. convention, which was at
tended by delegates from approxi
mately 250 universities throughout i
the country, was centered around
discussion groups which took up i
and attempted to settle several stu
dent problems, such as those con- j
cerned with athletics, honor sys
tems, publications, fraternity and
non-fraternity organizations, and
student government," Pike stated.
Exchange of Ideas
"No startling solutions were ar- ;
rived at, but the exchange of ideas i
was beneficial to all," the student j
president asserted. In this latter as- ,
pect the strength and value of the 1
organization lies, Pike feels.
"Besides functioning as a 'campus j
problem clearing-house,' the N.S.F.A.
is aiming at better international 1
understanding and co-operation !
through contact with foreign student
federations, sponsoring international
intercollegiate debates, and facili
tating student travel abroad," he
continued. "Through questionnaires
issued at the gathering, the organi- !
zation also attempted to obtain stu
dent opinion on such national issues
as the tariff, the World Court, and
prohibition, the results of which j
have been widely published."
The host institutions of the con
vention were Georgia Tech and Ag- j
nes Scott College for Women.
Returning from Atlanta, Geoigia, !
where he attended the annual con
vention of the National Students j
Federation of America, Tom Pike,
student body president, declared
yesterday that the gathering had >
been highly successful, and that he
had a profitable interview with
President Ray Lyman Wilbur in ,
Washington.
Pike discussed various problems
of student government with Wilbur,
particularly the question of the j
present functioning of the Honor '
System, the success of which Wil- j
bur believes to lie in its backing by
the student body. There is a possi
bility, Pike says, that the Secretary
of the Interior may be called West
soon in connection with his oil con
servation program.
Lunches With Hoovers
The A.S.S.U. executive was en
tertained at luncheon in Washing
ton by President and Mrs. Herbert
Hoover and their son, Allan, a Stan
ford graduate.
"The constructive program of the
N.S.F.A. convention, which was at
tended by delegates from approxi
mately 250 universities throughout i
the country, was centered around
discussion groups which took up i
and attempted to settle several stu
dent problems, such as those con- j
cerned with athletics, honor sys
tems, publications, fraternity and
non-fraternity organizations, and
student government," Pike stated.
Exchange of Ideas
"No startling solutions were ar- ;
rived at, but the exchange of ideas i
was beneficial to all," the student j
president asserted. In this latter as- ,
pect the strength and value of the 1
organization lies, Pike feels.
"Besides functioning as a 'campus j
problem clearing-house,' the N.S.F.A.
is aiming at better international 1
understanding and co-operation !
through contact with foreign student
federations, sponsoring international
intercollegiate debates, and facili
tating student travel abroad," he
continued. "Through questionnaires
issued at the gathering, the organi- !
zation also attempted to obtain stu
dent opinion on such national issues
as the tariff, the World Court, and
prohibition, the results of which j
have been widely published."
The host institutions of the con
vention were Georgia Tech and Ag- j
nes Scott College for Women.
Returning from Atlanta, Geoigia, !
where he attended the annual con
vention of the National Students j
Federation of America, Tom Pike,
student body president, declared
yesterday that the gathering had >
been highly successful, and that he
had a profitable interview with
President Ray Lyman Wilbur in ,
Washington.
Pike discussed various problems
of student government with Wilbur,
particularly the question of the j
present functioning of the Honor '
System, the success of which Wil- j
bur believes to lie in its backing by
the student body. There is a possi
bility, Pike says, that the Secretary
of the Interior may be called West
soon in connection with his oil con
servation program.
Lunches With Hoovers
The A.S.S.U. executive was en
tertained at luncheon in Washing
ton by President and Mrs. Herbert
Hoover and their son, Allan, a Stan
ford graduate.
"The constructive program of the
N.S.F.A. convention, which was at
tended by delegates from approxi
mately 250 universities throughout i
the country, was centered around
discussion groups which took up i
and attempted to settle several stu
dent problems, such as those con- j
cerned with athletics, honor sys
tems, publications, fraternity and
non-fraternity organizations, and
student government," Pike stated.
Exchange of Ideas
"No startling solutions were ar- ;
rived at, but the exchange of ideas i
was beneficial to all," the student j
president asserted. In this latter as- ,
pect the strength and value of the 1
organization lies, Pike feels.
"Besides functioning as a 'campus j
problem clearing-house,' the N.S.F.A.
is aiming at better international 1
understanding and co-operation !
through contact with foreign student
federations, sponsoring international
intercollegiate debates, and facili
tating student travel abroad," he
continued. "Through questionnaires
issued at the gathering, the organi- !
zation also attempted to obtain stu
dent opinion on such national issues
as the tariff, the World Court, and
prohibition, the results of which j
have been widely published."
The host institutions of the con
vention were Georgia Tech and Ag- j
nes Scott College for Women.
