# RUSSIAN EMIGRANTS ADVANCE CULTURALLY
## 
### 
That the two million or more Rus
sian emigrants who were forced to
leave their native country because
of the revolution and who are now
residing in the various countries of
the world are making a large cul
tural contribution in the countries
in which they reside was the state
ment of Dr. Henry Lanz, assistant
professor of Slavic languages at
Stanford in a speech before the Palo
Alto Exchange Club Tuesday night.
Russians maintain their studies of
art, literature and music even
though their days may lie devoted
to physical labor as a livelihood.
That the two million or more Rus
sian emigrants who were forced to
leave their native country because
of the revolution and who are now
residing in the various countries of
the world are making a large cul
tural contribution in the countries
in which they reside was the state
ment of Dr. Henry Lanz, assistant
professor of Slavic languages at
Stanford in a speech before the Palo
Alto Exchange Club Tuesday night.
Russians maintain their studies of
art, literature and music even
though their days may lie devoted
to physical labor as a livelihood.
That the two million or more Rus
sian emigrants who were forced to
leave their native country because
of the revolution and who are now
residing in the various countries of
the world are making a large cul
tural contribution in the countries
in which they reside was the state
ment of Dr. Henry Lanz, assistant
professor of Slavic languages at
Stanford in a speech before the Palo
Alto Exchange Club Tuesday night.
Russians maintain their studies of
art, literature and music even
though their days may lie devoted
to physical labor as a livelihood.
That the two million or more Rus
sian emigrants who were forced to
leave their native country because
of the revolution and who are now
residing in the various countries of
the world are making a large cul
tural contribution in the countries
in which they reside was the state
ment of Dr. Henry Lanz, assistant
professor of Slavic languages at
Stanford in a speech before the Palo
Alto Exchange Club Tuesday night.
Russians maintain their studies of
art, literature and music even
though their days may lie devoted
to physical labor as a livelihood.
That the two million or more Rus
sian emigrants who were forced to
leave their native country because
of the revolution and who are now
residing in the various countries of
the world are making a large cul
tural contribution in the countries
in which they reside was the state
ment of Dr. Henry Lanz, assistant
professor of Slavic languages at
Stanford in a speech before the Palo
Alto Exchange Club Tuesday night.
Russians maintain their studies of
art, literature and music even
though their days may lie devoted
to physical labor as a livelihood.
That the two million or more Rus
sian emigrants who were forced to
leave their native country because
of the revolution and who are now
residing in the various countries of
the world are making a large cul
tural contribution in the countries
in which they reside was the state
ment of Dr. Henry Lanz, assistant
professor of Slavic languages at
Stanford in a speech before the Palo
Alto Exchange Club Tuesday night.
Russians maintain their studies of
art, literature and music even
though their days may lie devoted
to physical labor as a livelihood.
That the two million or more Rus
sian emigrants who were forced to
leave their native country because
of the revolution and who are now
residing in the various countries of
the world are making a large cul
tural contribution in the countries
in which they reside was the state
ment of Dr. Henry Lanz, assistant
professor of Slavic languages at
Stanford in a speech before the Palo
Alto Exchange Club Tuesday night.
Russians maintain their studies of
art, literature and music even
though their days may lie devoted
to physical labor as a livelihood.
That the two million or more Rus
sian emigrants who were forced to
leave their native country because
of the revolution and who are now
residing in the various countries of
the world are making a large cul
tural contribution in the countries
in which they reside was the state
ment of Dr. Henry Lanz, assistant
professor of Slavic languages at
Stanford in a speech before the Palo
Alto Exchange Club Tuesday night.
Russians maintain their studies of
art, literature and music even
though their days may lie devoted
to physical labor as a livelihood.
That the two million or more Rus
sian emigrants who were forced to
leave their native country because
of the revolution and who are now
residing in the various countries of
the world are making a large cul
tural contribution in the countries
in which they reside was the state
ment of Dr. Henry Lanz, assistant
professor of Slavic languages at
Stanford in a speech before the Palo
Alto Exchange Club Tuesday night.
Russians maintain their studies of
art, literature and music even
though their days may lie devoted
to physical labor as a livelihood.
That the two million or more Rus
sian emigrants who were forced to
leave their native country because
of the revolution and who are now
residing in the various countries of
the world are making a large cul
tural contribution in the countries
in which they reside was the state
ment of Dr. Henry Lanz, assistant
professor of Slavic languages at
Stanford in a speech before the Palo
Alto Exchange Club Tuesday night.
Russians maintain their studies of
art, literature and music even
though their days may lie devoted
to physical labor as a livelihood.
That the two million or more Rus
sian emigrants who were forced to
leave their native country because
of the revolution and who are now
residing in the various countries of
the world are making a large cul
tural contribution in the countries
in which they reside was the state
ment of Dr. Henry Lanz, assistant
professor of Slavic languages at
Stanford in a speech before the Palo
Alto Exchange Club Tuesday night.
Russians maintain their studies of
art, literature and music even
though their days may lie devoted
to physical labor as a livelihood.
That the two million or more Rus
sian emigrants who were forced to
leave their native country because
of the revolution and who are now
residing in the various countries of
the world are making a large cul
tural contribution in the countries
in which they reside was the state
ment of Dr. Henry Lanz, assistant
professor of Slavic languages at
Stanford in a speech before the Palo
Alto Exchange Club Tuesday night.
Russians maintain their studies of
art, literature and music even
though their days may lie devoted
to physical labor as a livelihood.
That the two million or more Rus
sian emigrants who were forced to
leave their native country because
of the revolution and who are now
residing in the various countries of
the world are making a large cul
tural contribution in the countries
in which they reside was the state
ment of Dr. Henry Lanz, assistant
professor of Slavic languages at
Stanford in a speech before the Palo
Alto Exchange Club Tuesday night.
Russians maintain their studies of
art, literature and music even
though their days may lie devoted
to physical labor as a livelihood.
That the two million or more Rus
sian emigrants who were forced to
leave their native country because
of the revolution and who are now
residing in the various countries of
the world are making a large cul
tural contribution in the countries
in which they reside was the state
ment of Dr. Henry Lanz, assistant
professor of Slavic languages at
Stanford in a speech before the Palo
Alto Exchange Club Tuesday night.
Russians maintain their studies of
art, literature and music even
though their days may lie devoted
to physical labor as a livelihood.
That the two million or more Rus
sian emigrants who were forced to
leave their native country because
of the revolution and who are now
residing in the various countries of
the world are making a large cul
tural contribution in the countries
in which they reside was the state
ment of Dr. Henry Lanz, assistant
professor of Slavic languages at
Stanford in a speech before the Palo
Alto Exchange Club Tuesday night.
Russians maintain their studies of
art, literature and music even
though their days may lie devoted
to physical labor as a livelihood.
