# DOLLAR STEAMERS TO ESTABLISH NEW LINE
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7. (/Pi—
Announcement that (he Dollar
Steamship Lines, operating a fleet
of ships westward around the world,
on a fortnightly schedule, will in
stitute an around-the-world ser
vice in an easterly direction was
made here today by officials of the
company.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7. (/Pi—
Announcement that (he Dollar
Steamship Lines, operating a fleet
of ships westward around the world,
on a fortnightly schedule, will in
stitute an around-the-world ser
vice in an easterly direction was
made here today by officials of the
company.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7. (/Pi—
Announcement that (he Dollar
Steamship Lines, operating a fleet
of ships westward around the world,
on a fortnightly schedule, will in
stitute an around-the-world ser
vice in an easterly direction was
made here today by officials of the
company.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7. (/Pi—
Announcement that (he Dollar
Steamship Lines, operating a fleet
of ships westward around the world,
on a fortnightly schedule, will in
stitute an around-the-world ser
vice in an easterly direction was
made here today by officials of the
company.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7. (/Pi—
Announcement that (he Dollar
Steamship Lines, operating a fleet
of ships westward around the world,
on a fortnightly schedule, will in
stitute an around-the-world ser
vice in an easterly direction was
made here today by officials of the
company.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7. (/Pi—
Announcement that (he Dollar
Steamship Lines, operating a fleet
of ships westward around the world,
on a fortnightly schedule, will in
stitute an around-the-world ser
vice in an easterly direction was
made here today by officials of the
company.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7. (/Pi—
Announcement that (he Dollar
Steamship Lines, operating a fleet
of ships westward around the world,
on a fortnightly schedule, will in
stitute an around-the-world ser
vice in an easterly direction was
made here today by officials of the
company.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7. (/Pi—
Announcement that (he Dollar
Steamship Lines, operating a fleet
of ships westward around the world,
on a fortnightly schedule, will in
stitute an around-the-world ser
vice in an easterly direction was
made here today by officials of the
company.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7. (/Pi—
Announcement that (he Dollar
Steamship Lines, operating a fleet
of ships westward around the world,
on a fortnightly schedule, will in
stitute an around-the-world ser
vice in an easterly direction was
made here today by officials of the
company.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7. (/Pi—
Announcement that (he Dollar
Steamship Lines, operating a fleet
of ships westward around the world,
on a fortnightly schedule, will in
stitute an around-the-world ser
vice in an easterly direction was
made here today by officials of the
company.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7. (/Pi—
Announcement that (he Dollar
Steamship Lines, operating a fleet
of ships westward around the world,
on a fortnightly schedule, will in
stitute an around-the-world ser
vice in an easterly direction was
made here today by officials of the
company.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7. (/Pi—
Announcement that (he Dollar
Steamship Lines, operating a fleet
of ships westward around the world,
on a fortnightly schedule, will in
stitute an around-the-world ser
vice in an easterly direction was
made here today by officials of the
company.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7. (/Pi—
Announcement that (he Dollar
Steamship Lines, operating a fleet
of ships westward around the world,
on a fortnightly schedule, will in
stitute an around-the-world ser
vice in an easterly direction was
made here today by officials of the
company.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7. (/Pi—
Announcement that (he Dollar
Steamship Lines, operating a fleet
of ships westward around the world,
on a fortnightly schedule, will in
stitute an around-the-world ser
vice in an easterly direction was
made here today by officials of the
company.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7. (/Pi—
Announcement that (he Dollar
Steamship Lines, operating a fleet
of ships westward around the world,
on a fortnightly schedule, will in
stitute an around-the-world ser
vice in an easterly direction was
made here today by officials of the
company.
