# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
TUESDAY
in the spirit of Big
Game? Thanks but no
thanks, Andrea
Parkes says.
well
well, we 11... women's
volleyball setter Carey
Feldman is finishing
her grand finale sea
son.
WEATHER
Get
Page 4
Page 7
Today:
Cloudy, after
noon clear
ing. 50s to
60s.
Wednesday:
Partly cloudy.
50s to 60s.
TUESDAY
in the spirit of Big
Game? Thanks but no
thanks, Andrea
Parkes says.
well
well, we 11... women's
volleyball setter Carey
Feldman is finishing
her grand finale sea
son.
WEATHER
Get
Page 4
Page 7
Today:
Cloudy, after
noon clear
ing. 50s to
60s.
Wednesday:
Partly cloudy.
50s to 60s.
TUESDAY
in the spirit of Big
Game? Thanks but no
thanks, Andrea
Parkes says.
well
well, we 11... women's
volleyball setter Carey
Feldman is finishing
her grand finale sea
son.
WEATHER
Get
Page 4
Page 7
Today:
Cloudy, after
noon clear
ing. 50s to
60s.
Wednesday:
Partly cloudy.
50s to 60s.
TUESDAY
in the spirit of Big
Game? Thanks but no
thanks, Andrea
Parkes says.
well
well, we 11... women's
volleyball setter Carey
Feldman is finishing
her grand finale sea
son.
WEATHER
Get
Page 4
Page 7
Today:
Cloudy, after
noon clear
ing. 50s to
60s.
Wednesday:
Partly cloudy.
50s to 60s.
TUESDAY
in the spirit of Big
Game? Thanks but no
thanks, Andrea
Parkes says.
well
well, we 11... women's
volleyball setter Carey
Feldman is finishing
her grand finale sea
son.
WEATHER
Get
Page 4
Page 7
Today:
Cloudy, after
noon clear
ing. 50s to
60s.
Wednesday:
Partly cloudy.
50s to 60s.
TUESDAY
in the spirit of Big
Game? Thanks but no
thanks, Andrea
Parkes says.
well
well, we 11... women's
volleyball setter Carey
Feldman is finishing
her grand finale sea
son.
WEATHER
Get
Page 4
Page 7
Today:
Cloudy, after
noon clear
ing. 50s to
60s.
Wednesday:
Partly cloudy.
50s to 60s.
TUESDAY
in the spirit of Big
Game? Thanks but no
thanks, Andrea
Parkes says.
well
well, we 11... women's
volleyball setter Carey
Feldman is finishing
her grand finale sea
son.
WEATHER
Get
Page 4
Page 7
Today:
Cloudy, after
noon clear
ing. 50s to
60s.
Wednesday:
Partly cloudy.
50s to 60s.
TUESDAY
in the spirit of Big
Game? Thanks but no
thanks, Andrea
Parkes says.
well
well, we 11... women's
volleyball setter Carey
Feldman is finishing
her grand finale sea
son.
WEATHER
Get
Page 4
Page 7
Today:
Cloudy, after
noon clear
ing. 50s to
60s.
Wednesday:
Partly cloudy.
50s to 60s.
