# Quad Staff Begins Work; Needs Members
## 
### 
The Quad staff has started work
on a "bigger and better" annual
for this year, Editor Ted Of! an
nounced yesterday.
Tryoutees for the staff are need
ed, he stated, and there will be a
booth in Union Court this morning
for anyone who wishes to sign up.
Frosh pictures will be taken be
ginning Oct. 4 in the Quad office,
Off added.
Other members of the staff will
include Sally Foote, business man
ager, and Genevieve Duffee, man
aging editor.
The Quad staff has started work
on a "bigger and better" annual
for this year, Editor Ted Of! an
nounced yesterday.
Tryoutees for the staff are need
ed, he stated, and there will be a
booth in Union Court this morning
for anyone who wishes to sign up.
Frosh pictures will be taken be
ginning Oct. 4 in the Quad office,
Off added.
Other members of the staff will
include Sally Foote, business man
ager, and Genevieve Duffee, man
aging editor.
The Quad staff has started work
on a "bigger and better" annual
for this year, Editor Ted Of! an
nounced yesterday.
Tryoutees for the staff are need
ed, he stated, and there will be a
booth in Union Court this morning
for anyone who wishes to sign up.
Frosh pictures will be taken be
ginning Oct. 4 in the Quad office,
Off added.
Other members of the staff will
include Sally Foote, business man
ager, and Genevieve Duffee, man
aging editor.
The Quad staff has started work
on a "bigger and better" annual
for this year, Editor Ted Of! an
nounced yesterday.
Tryoutees for the staff are need
ed, he stated, and there will be a
booth in Union Court this morning
for anyone who wishes to sign up.
Frosh pictures will be taken be
ginning Oct. 4 in the Quad office,
Off added.
Other members of the staff will
include Sally Foote, business man
ager, and Genevieve Duffee, man
aging editor.
The Quad staff has started work
on a "bigger and better" annual
for this year, Editor Ted Of! an
nounced yesterday.
Tryoutees for the staff are need
ed, he stated, and there will be a
booth in Union Court this morning
for anyone who wishes to sign up.
Frosh pictures will be taken be
ginning Oct. 4 in the Quad office,
Off added.
Other members of the staff will
include Sally Foote, business man
ager, and Genevieve Duffee, man
aging editor.
The Quad staff has started work
on a "bigger and better" annual
for this year, Editor Ted Of! an
nounced yesterday.
Tryoutees for the staff are need
ed, he stated, and there will be a
booth in Union Court this morning
for anyone who wishes to sign up.
Frosh pictures will be taken be
ginning Oct. 4 in the Quad office,
Off added.
Other members of the staff will
include Sally Foote, business man
ager, and Genevieve Duffee, man
aging editor.
The Quad staff has started work
on a "bigger and better" annual
for this year, Editor Ted Of! an
nounced yesterday.
Tryoutees for the staff are need
ed, he stated, and there will be a
booth in Union Court this morning
for anyone who wishes to sign up.
Frosh pictures will be taken be
ginning Oct. 4 in the Quad office,
Off added.
Other members of the staff will
include Sally Foote, business man
ager, and Genevieve Duffee, man
aging editor.
The Quad staff has started work
on a "bigger and better" annual
for this year, Editor Ted Of! an
nounced yesterday.
Tryoutees for the staff are need
ed, he stated, and there will be a
booth in Union Court this morning
for anyone who wishes to sign up.
Frosh pictures will be taken be
ginning Oct. 4 in the Quad office,
Off added.
Other members of the staff will
include Sally Foote, business man
ager, and Genevieve Duffee, man
aging editor.
The Quad staff has started work
on a "bigger and better" annual
for this year, Editor Ted Of! an
nounced yesterday.
Tryoutees for the staff are need
ed, he stated, and there will be a
booth in Union Court this morning
for anyone who wishes to sign up.
Frosh pictures will be taken be
ginning Oct. 4 in the Quad office,
Off added.
Other members of the staff will
include Sally Foote, business man
ager, and Genevieve Duffee, man
aging editor.
The Quad staff has started work
on a "bigger and better" annual
for this year, Editor Ted Of! an
nounced yesterday.
Tryoutees for the staff are need
ed, he stated, and there will be a
booth in Union Court this morning
for anyone who wishes to sign up.
Frosh pictures will be taken be
ginning Oct. 4 in the Quad office,
Off added.
Other members of the staff will
include Sally Foote, business man
ager, and Genevieve Duffee, man
aging editor.
The Quad staff has started work
on a "bigger and better" annual
for this year, Editor Ted Of! an
nounced yesterday.
Tryoutees for the staff are need
ed, he stated, and there will be a
booth in Union Court this morning
for anyone who wishes to sign up.
Frosh pictures will be taken be
ginning Oct. 4 in the Quad office,
Off added.
Other members of the staff will
include Sally Foote, business man
ager, and Genevieve Duffee, man
aging editor.
The Quad staff has started work
on a "bigger and better" annual
for this year, Editor Ted Of! an
nounced yesterday.
Tryoutees for the staff are need
ed, he stated, and there will be a
booth in Union Court this morning
for anyone who wishes to sign up.
Frosh pictures will be taken be
ginning Oct. 4 in the Quad office,
Off added.
Other members of the staff will
include Sally Foote, business man
ager, and Genevieve Duffee, man
aging editor.
The Quad staff has started work
on a "bigger and better" annual
for this year, Editor Ted Of! an
nounced yesterday.
Tryoutees for the staff are need
ed, he stated, and there will be a
booth in Union Court this morning
for anyone who wishes to sign up.
Frosh pictures will be taken be
ginning Oct. 4 in the Quad office,
Off added.
Other members of the staff will
include Sally Foote, business man
ager, and Genevieve Duffee, man
aging editor.
The Quad staff has started work
on a "bigger and better" annual
for this year, Editor Ted Of! an
nounced yesterday.
Tryoutees for the staff are need
ed, he stated, and there will be a
booth in Union Court this morning
for anyone who wishes to sign up.
Frosh pictures will be taken be
ginning Oct. 4 in the Quad office,
Off added.
Other members of the staff will
include Sally Foote, business man
ager, and Genevieve Duffee, man
aging editor.
The Quad staff has started work
on a "bigger and better" annual
for this year, Editor Ted Of! an
nounced yesterday.
Tryoutees for the staff are need
ed, he stated, and there will be a
booth in Union Court this morning
for anyone who wishes to sign up.
Frosh pictures will be taken be
ginning Oct. 4 in the Quad office,
Off added.
Other members of the staff will
include Sally Foote, business man
ager, and Genevieve Duffee, man
aging editor.
