# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The cigar lighter is one of the
largest consumers of electricity
among the electrical items on the
car, points out the National Auto
mobile Club.
The cigar lighter is one of the
largest consumers of electricity
among the electrical items on the
car, points out the National Auto
mobile Club.
The cigar lighter is one of the
largest consumers of electricity
among the electrical items on the
car, points out the National Auto
mobile Club.
The cigar lighter is one of the
largest consumers of electricity
among the electrical items on the
car, points out the National Auto
mobile Club.
The cigar lighter is one of the
largest consumers of electricity
among the electrical items on the
car, points out the National Auto
mobile Club.
The cigar lighter is one of the
largest consumers of electricity
among the electrical items on the
car, points out the National Auto
mobile Club.
The cigar lighter is one of the
largest consumers of electricity
among the electrical items on the
car, points out the National Auto
mobile Club.
The cigar lighter is one of the
largest consumers of electricity
among the electrical items on the
car, points out the National Auto
mobile Club.
The cigar lighter is one of the
largest consumers of electricity
among the electrical items on the
car, points out the National Auto
mobile Club.
The cigar lighter is one of the
largest consumers of electricity
among the electrical items on the
car, points out the National Auto
mobile Club.
The cigar lighter is one of the
largest consumers of electricity
among the electrical items on the
car, points out the National Auto
mobile Club.
The cigar lighter is one of the
largest consumers of electricity
among the electrical items on the
car, points out the National Auto
mobile Club.
The cigar lighter is one of the
largest consumers of electricity
among the electrical items on the
car, points out the National Auto
mobile Club.
The cigar lighter is one of the
largest consumers of electricity
among the electrical items on the
car, points out the National Auto
mobile Club.
The cigar lighter is one of the
largest consumers of electricity
among the electrical items on the
car, points out the National Auto
mobile Club.
