# ATTENTION BOXERS
## 
### 
All men interested in boxing
this quarter arc asked by boxing
coach Ray Lunny to sign up for
PE courses 12 and 112. Hours of
these clashes are 11, 3, and 4
o'clock.
All men interested in boxing
this quarter arc asked by boxing
coach Ray Lunny to sign up for
PE courses 12 and 112. Hours of
these clashes are 11, 3, and 4
o'clock.
All men interested in boxing
this quarter arc asked by boxing
coach Ray Lunny to sign up for
PE courses 12 and 112. Hours of
these clashes are 11, 3, and 4
o'clock.
All men interested in boxing
this quarter arc asked by boxing
coach Ray Lunny to sign up for
PE courses 12 and 112. Hours of
these clashes are 11, 3, and 4
o'clock.
All men interested in boxing
this quarter arc asked by boxing
coach Ray Lunny to sign up for
PE courses 12 and 112. Hours of
these clashes are 11, 3, and 4
o'clock.
All men interested in boxing
this quarter arc asked by boxing
coach Ray Lunny to sign up for
PE courses 12 and 112. Hours of
these clashes are 11, 3, and 4
o'clock.
All men interested in boxing
this quarter arc asked by boxing
coach Ray Lunny to sign up for
PE courses 12 and 112. Hours of
these clashes are 11, 3, and 4
o'clock.
All men interested in boxing
this quarter arc asked by boxing
coach Ray Lunny to sign up for
PE courses 12 and 112. Hours of
these clashes are 11, 3, and 4
o'clock.
All men interested in boxing
this quarter arc asked by boxing
coach Ray Lunny to sign up for
PE courses 12 and 112. Hours of
these clashes are 11, 3, and 4
o'clock.
All men interested in boxing
this quarter arc asked by boxing
coach Ray Lunny to sign up for
PE courses 12 and 112. Hours of
these clashes are 11, 3, and 4
o'clock.
All men interested in boxing
this quarter arc asked by boxing
coach Ray Lunny to sign up for
PE courses 12 and 112. Hours of
these clashes are 11, 3, and 4
o'clock.
All men interested in boxing
this quarter arc asked by boxing
coach Ray Lunny to sign up for
PE courses 12 and 112. Hours of
these clashes are 11, 3, and 4
o'clock.
All men interested in boxing
this quarter arc asked by boxing
coach Ray Lunny to sign up for
PE courses 12 and 112. Hours of
these clashes are 11, 3, and 4
o'clock.
All men interested in boxing
this quarter arc asked by boxing
coach Ray Lunny to sign up for
PE courses 12 and 112. Hours of
these clashes are 11, 3, and 4
o'clock.
All men interested in boxing
this quarter arc asked by boxing
coach Ray Lunny to sign up for
PE courses 12 and 112. Hours of
these clashes are 11, 3, and 4
o'clock.
