# What Do You Want to Do?
## 
### 
Stanford's first Activities Infor
mation Program will begin today
in the Union courtyard at 9 a.m.
and continue until noon.
Designed to acquaint frosh and
transfer students with Farm clubs
and organizations, representatives
will brief new students on every
campus activity.
The activities program will offer
incoming students a chance to in
investigate every campus organiza
tion.
While students may sign up im
mediately with activity representa
tives, they should compare all or
ganizations before enlisting in a
club; ability to carry on studies
also bears consideration, Hardin
Holmes, editor of the Handbook,
said.
All activities will be represented
cither at individual tables or at a
centrally located information booth
in the courtyard.
Activities Agency members will
distribute interest cards to students
visiting the display. Students will
register on the cards the activities
they would like to enter. Agency
chairmen will notily clubs and or
ganizations about the prospective
members.
Should the weather be rainy, the
program will be transferred to the
Nitery in the Stanford Union.
Stanford's first Activities Infor
mation Program will begin today
in the Union courtyard at 9 a.m.
and continue until noon.
Designed to acquaint frosh and
transfer students with Farm clubs
and organizations, representatives
will brief new students on every
campus activity.
The activities program will offer
incoming students a chance to in
investigate every campus organiza
tion.
While students may sign up im
mediately with activity representa
tives, they should compare all or
ganizations before enlisting in a
club; ability to carry on studies
also bears consideration, Hardin
Holmes, editor of the Handbook,
said.
All activities will be represented
cither at individual tables or at a
centrally located information booth
in the courtyard.
Activities Agency members will
distribute interest cards to students
visiting the display. Students will
register on the cards the activities
they would like to enter. Agency
chairmen will notily clubs and or
ganizations about the prospective
members.
Should the weather be rainy, the
program will be transferred to the
Nitery in the Stanford Union.
Stanford's first Activities Infor
mation Program will begin today
in the Union courtyard at 9 a.m.
and continue until noon.
Designed to acquaint frosh and
transfer students with Farm clubs
and organizations, representatives
will brief new students on every
campus activity.
The activities program will offer
incoming students a chance to in
investigate every campus organiza
tion.
While students may sign up im
mediately with activity representa
tives, they should compare all or
ganizations before enlisting in a
club; ability to carry on studies
also bears consideration, Hardin
Holmes, editor of the Handbook,
said.
All activities will be represented
cither at individual tables or at a
centrally located information booth
in the courtyard.
Activities Agency members will
distribute interest cards to students
visiting the display. Students will
register on the cards the activities
they would like to enter. Agency
chairmen will notily clubs and or
ganizations about the prospective
members.
Should the weather be rainy, the
program will be transferred to the
Nitery in the Stanford Union.
Stanford's first Activities Infor
mation Program will begin today
in the Union courtyard at 9 a.m.
and continue until noon.
Designed to acquaint frosh and
transfer students with Farm clubs
and organizations, representatives
will brief new students on every
campus activity.
The activities program will offer
incoming students a chance to in
investigate every campus organiza
tion.
While students may sign up im
mediately with activity representa
tives, they should compare all or
ganizations before enlisting in a
club; ability to carry on studies
also bears consideration, Hardin
Holmes, editor of the Handbook,
said.
All activities will be represented
cither at individual tables or at a
centrally located information booth
in the courtyard.
Activities Agency members will
distribute interest cards to students
visiting the display. Students will
register on the cards the activities
they would like to enter. Agency
chairmen will notily clubs and or
ganizations about the prospective
members.
Should the weather be rainy, the
program will be transferred to the
Nitery in the Stanford Union.
Stanford's first Activities Infor
mation Program will begin today
in the Union courtyard at 9 a.m.
and continue until noon.
Designed to acquaint frosh and
transfer students with Farm clubs
and organizations, representatives
will brief new students on every
campus activity.
The activities program will offer
incoming students a chance to in
investigate every campus organiza
tion.
While students may sign up im
mediately with activity representa
tives, they should compare all or
ganizations before enlisting in a
club; ability to carry on studies
also bears consideration, Hardin
Holmes, editor of the Handbook,
said.
All activities will be represented
cither at individual tables or at a
centrally located information booth
in the courtyard.
Activities Agency members will
distribute interest cards to students
visiting the display. Students will
register on the cards the activities
they would like to enter. Agency
chairmen will notily clubs and or
ganizations about the prospective
members.
Should the weather be rainy, the
program will be transferred to the
Nitery in the Stanford Union.
Stanford's first Activities Infor
mation Program will begin today
in the Union courtyard at 9 a.m.
and continue until noon.
Designed to acquaint frosh and
transfer students with Farm clubs
and organizations, representatives
will brief new students on every
campus activity.
The activities program will offer
incoming students a chance to in
investigate every campus organiza
tion.
While students may sign up im
mediately with activity representa
tives, they should compare all or
ganizations before enlisting in a
club; ability to carry on studies
also bears consideration, Hardin
Holmes, editor of the Handbook,
said.
All activities will be represented
cither at individual tables or at a
centrally located information booth
in the courtyard.
Activities Agency members will
distribute interest cards to students
visiting the display. Students will
register on the cards the activities
they would like to enter. Agency
chairmen will notily clubs and or
ganizations about the prospective
members.
Should the weather be rainy, the
program will be transferred to the
Nitery in the Stanford Union.
Stanford's first Activities Infor
mation Program will begin today
in the Union courtyard at 9 a.m.
and continue until noon.
Designed to acquaint frosh and
transfer students with Farm clubs
and organizations, representatives
will brief new students on every
campus activity.
The activities program will offer
incoming students a chance to in
investigate every campus organiza
tion.
While students may sign up im
mediately with activity representa
tives, they should compare all or
ganizations before enlisting in a
club; ability to carry on studies
also bears consideration, Hardin
Holmes, editor of the Handbook,
said.
All activities will be represented
cither at individual tables or at a
centrally located information booth
in the courtyard.
Activities Agency members will
distribute interest cards to students
visiting the display. Students will
register on the cards the activities
they would like to enter. Agency
chairmen will notily clubs and or
ganizations about the prospective
members.
Should the weather be rainy, the
program will be transferred to the
Nitery in the Stanford Union.
Stanford's first Activities Infor
mation Program will begin today
in the Union courtyard at 9 a.m.
and continue until noon.
Designed to acquaint frosh and
transfer students with Farm clubs
and organizations, representatives
will brief new students on every
campus activity.
The activities program will offer
incoming students a chance to in
investigate every campus organiza
tion.
While students may sign up im
mediately with activity representa
tives, they should compare all or
ganizations before enlisting in a
club; ability to carry on studies
also bears consideration, Hardin
Holmes, editor of the Handbook,
said.
All activities will be represented
cither at individual tables or at a
centrally located information booth
in the courtyard.
Activities Agency members will
distribute interest cards to students
visiting the display. Students will
register on the cards the activities
they would like to enter. Agency
chairmen will notily clubs and or
ganizations about the prospective
members.
Should the weather be rainy, the
program will be transferred to the
Nitery in the Stanford Union.
Stanford's first Activities Infor
mation Program will begin today
in the Union courtyard at 9 a.m.
and continue until noon.
Designed to acquaint frosh and
transfer students with Farm clubs
and organizations, representatives
will brief new students on every
campus activity.
The activities program will offer
incoming students a chance to in
investigate every campus organiza
tion.
While students may sign up im
mediately with activity representa
tives, they should compare all or
ganizations before enlisting in a
club; ability to carry on studies
also bears consideration, Hardin
Holmes, editor of the Handbook,
said.
All activities will be represented
cither at individual tables or at a
centrally located information booth
in the courtyard.
Activities Agency members will
distribute interest cards to students
visiting the display. Students will
register on the cards the activities
they would like to enter. Agency
chairmen will notily clubs and or
ganizations about the prospective
members.
Should the weather be rainy, the
program will be transferred to the
Nitery in the Stanford Union.
Stanford's first Activities Infor
mation Program will begin today
in the Union courtyard at 9 a.m.
and continue until noon.
Designed to acquaint frosh and
transfer students with Farm clubs
and organizations, representatives
will brief new students on every
campus activity.
The activities program will offer
incoming students a chance to in
investigate every campus organiza
tion.
While students may sign up im
mediately with activity representa
tives, they should compare all or
ganizations before enlisting in a
club; ability to carry on studies
also bears consideration, Hardin
Holmes, editor of the Handbook,
said.
All activities will be represented
cither at individual tables or at a
centrally located information booth
in the courtyard.
Activities Agency members will
distribute interest cards to students
visiting the display. Students will
register on the cards the activities
they would like to enter. Agency
chairmen will notily clubs and or
ganizations about the prospective
members.
Should the weather be rainy, the
program will be transferred to the
Nitery in the Stanford Union.
Stanford's first Activities Infor
mation Program will begin today
in the Union courtyard at 9 a.m.
and continue until noon.
Designed to acquaint frosh and
transfer students with Farm clubs
and organizations, representatives
will brief new students on every
campus activity.
The activities program will offer
incoming students a chance to in
investigate every campus organiza
tion.
While students may sign up im
mediately with activity representa
tives, they should compare all or
ganizations before enlisting in a
club; ability to carry on studies
also bears consideration, Hardin
Holmes, editor of the Handbook,
said.
All activities will be represented
cither at individual tables or at a
centrally located information booth
in the courtyard.
Activities Agency members will
distribute interest cards to students
visiting the display. Students will
register on the cards the activities
they would like to enter. Agency
chairmen will notily clubs and or
ganizations about the prospective
members.
Should the weather be rainy, the
program will be transferred to the
Nitery in the Stanford Union.
Stanford's first Activities Infor
mation Program will begin today
in the Union courtyard at 9 a.m.
and continue until noon.
Designed to acquaint frosh and
transfer students with Farm clubs
and organizations, representatives
will brief new students on every
campus activity.
The activities program will offer
incoming students a chance to in
investigate every campus organiza
tion.
While students may sign up im
mediately with activity representa
tives, they should compare all or
ganizations before enlisting in a
club; ability to carry on studies
also bears consideration, Hardin
Holmes, editor of the Handbook,
said.
All activities will be represented
cither at individual tables or at a
centrally located information booth
in the courtyard.
Activities Agency members will
distribute interest cards to students
visiting the display. Students will
register on the cards the activities
they would like to enter. Agency
chairmen will notily clubs and or
ganizations about the prospective
members.
Should the weather be rainy, the
program will be transferred to the
Nitery in the Stanford Union.
Stanford's first Activities Infor
mation Program will begin today
in the Union courtyard at 9 a.m.
and continue until noon.
Designed to acquaint frosh and
transfer students with Farm clubs
and organizations, representatives
will brief new students on every
campus activity.
The activities program will offer
incoming students a chance to in
investigate every campus organiza
tion.
While students may sign up im
mediately with activity representa
tives, they should compare all or
ganizations before enlisting in a
club; ability to carry on studies
also bears consideration, Hardin
Holmes, editor of the Handbook,
said.
All activities will be represented
cither at individual tables or at a
centrally located information booth
in the courtyard.
Activities Agency members will
distribute interest cards to students
visiting the display. Students will
register on the cards the activities
they would like to enter. Agency
chairmen will notily clubs and or
ganizations about the prospective
members.
Should the weather be rainy, the
program will be transferred to the
Nitery in the Stanford Union.
Stanford's first Activities Infor
mation Program will begin today
in the Union courtyard at 9 a.m.
and continue until noon.
Designed to acquaint frosh and
transfer students with Farm clubs
and organizations, representatives
will brief new students on every
campus activity.
The activities program will offer
incoming students a chance to in
investigate every campus organiza
tion.
While students may sign up im
mediately with activity representa
tives, they should compare all or
ganizations before enlisting in a
club; ability to carry on studies
also bears consideration, Hardin
Holmes, editor of the Handbook,
said.
All activities will be represented
cither at individual tables or at a
centrally located information booth
in the courtyard.
Activities Agency members will
distribute interest cards to students
visiting the display. Students will
register on the cards the activities
they would like to enter. Agency
chairmen will notily clubs and or
ganizations about the prospective
members.
Should the weather be rainy, the
program will be transferred to the
Nitery in the Stanford Union.
Stanford's first Activities Infor
mation Program will begin today
in the Union courtyard at 9 a.m.
and continue until noon.
Designed to acquaint frosh and
transfer students with Farm clubs
and organizations, representatives
will brief new students on every
campus activity.
The activities program will offer
incoming students a chance to in
investigate every campus organiza
tion.
While students may sign up im
mediately with activity representa
tives, they should compare all or
ganizations before enlisting in a
club; ability to carry on studies
also bears consideration, Hardin
Holmes, editor of the Handbook,
said.
All activities will be represented
cither at individual tables or at a
centrally located information booth
in the courtyard.
Activities Agency members will
distribute interest cards to students
visiting the display. Students will
register on the cards the activities
they would like to enter. Agency
chairmen will notily clubs and or
ganizations about the prospective
members.
Should the weather be rainy, the
program will be transferred to the
Nitery in the Stanford Union.
