# kSU Auditions, Broadcasts Begin
## 
### 
Station KSU, Stanford's carrier
current radio station, has enlarged
and improved its broadcasting fa
cilities during the summer and will
resume activity shortly, according
to Bill Kane, general manager.
All students interested in joining
the staff are asked to contact Kane
at the KSU offices in the Memorial
Auditorium between 3 and 5 p.m.
next week.
KSU offers training in all aspects
of radio broadcasting, including
sales, engineering, announcing, pro
gramming, writing, and promotion.
Station KSU, Stanford's carrier
current radio station, has enlarged
and improved its broadcasting fa
cilities during the summer and will
resume activity shortly, according
to Bill Kane, general manager.
All students interested in joining
the staff are asked to contact Kane
at the KSU offices in the Memorial
Auditorium between 3 and 5 p.m.
next week.
KSU offers training in all aspects
of radio broadcasting, including
sales, engineering, announcing, pro
gramming, writing, and promotion.
Station KSU, Stanford's carrier
current radio station, has enlarged
and improved its broadcasting fa
cilities during the summer and will
resume activity shortly, according
to Bill Kane, general manager.
All students interested in joining
the staff are asked to contact Kane
at the KSU offices in the Memorial
Auditorium between 3 and 5 p.m.
next week.
KSU offers training in all aspects
of radio broadcasting, including
sales, engineering, announcing, pro
gramming, writing, and promotion.
Station KSU, Stanford's carrier
current radio station, has enlarged
and improved its broadcasting fa
cilities during the summer and will
resume activity shortly, according
to Bill Kane, general manager.
All students interested in joining
the staff are asked to contact Kane
at the KSU offices in the Memorial
Auditorium between 3 and 5 p.m.
next week.
KSU offers training in all aspects
of radio broadcasting, including
sales, engineering, announcing, pro
gramming, writing, and promotion.
Station KSU, Stanford's carrier
current radio station, has enlarged
and improved its broadcasting fa
cilities during the summer and will
resume activity shortly, according
to Bill Kane, general manager.
All students interested in joining
the staff are asked to contact Kane
at the KSU offices in the Memorial
Auditorium between 3 and 5 p.m.
next week.
KSU offers training in all aspects
of radio broadcasting, including
sales, engineering, announcing, pro
gramming, writing, and promotion.
Station KSU, Stanford's carrier
current radio station, has enlarged
and improved its broadcasting fa
cilities during the summer and will
resume activity shortly, according
to Bill Kane, general manager.
All students interested in joining
the staff are asked to contact Kane
at the KSU offices in the Memorial
Auditorium between 3 and 5 p.m.
next week.
KSU offers training in all aspects
of radio broadcasting, including
sales, engineering, announcing, pro
gramming, writing, and promotion.
Station KSU, Stanford's carrier
current radio station, has enlarged
and improved its broadcasting fa
cilities during the summer and will
resume activity shortly, according
to Bill Kane, general manager.
All students interested in joining
the staff are asked to contact Kane
at the KSU offices in the Memorial
Auditorium between 3 and 5 p.m.
next week.
KSU offers training in all aspects
of radio broadcasting, including
sales, engineering, announcing, pro
gramming, writing, and promotion.
Station KSU, Stanford's carrier
current radio station, has enlarged
and improved its broadcasting fa
cilities during the summer and will
resume activity shortly, according
to Bill Kane, general manager.
All students interested in joining
the staff are asked to contact Kane
at the KSU offices in the Memorial
Auditorium between 3 and 5 p.m.
next week.
KSU offers training in all aspects
of radio broadcasting, including
sales, engineering, announcing, pro
gramming, writing, and promotion.
Station KSU, Stanford's carrier
current radio station, has enlarged
and improved its broadcasting fa
cilities during the summer and will
resume activity shortly, according
to Bill Kane, general manager.
All students interested in joining
the staff are asked to contact Kane
at the KSU offices in the Memorial
Auditorium between 3 and 5 p.m.
next week.
KSU offers training in all aspects
of radio broadcasting, including
sales, engineering, announcing, pro
gramming, writing, and promotion.
Station KSU, Stanford's carrier
current radio station, has enlarged
and improved its broadcasting fa
cilities during the summer and will
resume activity shortly, according
to Bill Kane, general manager.
All students interested in joining
the staff are asked to contact Kane
at the KSU offices in the Memorial
Auditorium between 3 and 5 p.m.
next week.
KSU offers training in all aspects
of radio broadcasting, including
sales, engineering, announcing, pro
gramming, writing, and promotion.
Station KSU, Stanford's carrier
current radio station, has enlarged
and improved its broadcasting fa
cilities during the summer and will
resume activity shortly, according
to Bill Kane, general manager.
All students interested in joining
the staff are asked to contact Kane
at the KSU offices in the Memorial
Auditorium between 3 and 5 p.m.
next week.
KSU offers training in all aspects
of radio broadcasting, including
sales, engineering, announcing, pro
gramming, writing, and promotion.
Station KSU, Stanford's carrier
current radio station, has enlarged
and improved its broadcasting fa
cilities during the summer and will
resume activity shortly, according
to Bill Kane, general manager.
All students interested in joining
the staff are asked to contact Kane
at the KSU offices in the Memorial
Auditorium between 3 and 5 p.m.
next week.
KSU offers training in all aspects
of radio broadcasting, including
sales, engineering, announcing, pro
gramming, writing, and promotion.
Station KSU, Stanford's carrier
current radio station, has enlarged
and improved its broadcasting fa
cilities during the summer and will
resume activity shortly, according
to Bill Kane, general manager.
All students interested in joining
the staff are asked to contact Kane
at the KSU offices in the Memorial
Auditorium between 3 and 5 p.m.
next week.
KSU offers training in all aspects
of radio broadcasting, including
sales, engineering, announcing, pro
gramming, writing, and promotion.
Station KSU, Stanford's carrier
current radio station, has enlarged
and improved its broadcasting fa
cilities during the summer and will
resume activity shortly, according
to Bill Kane, general manager.
All students interested in joining
the staff are asked to contact Kane
at the KSU offices in the Memorial
Auditorium between 3 and 5 p.m.
next week.
KSU offers training in all aspects
of radio broadcasting, including
sales, engineering, announcing, pro
gramming, writing, and promotion.
Station KSU, Stanford's carrier
current radio station, has enlarged
and improved its broadcasting fa
cilities during the summer and will
resume activity shortly, according
to Bill Kane, general manager.
All students interested in joining
the staff are asked to contact Kane
at the KSU offices in the Memorial
Auditorium between 3 and 5 p.m.
next week.
KSU offers training in all aspects
of radio broadcasting, including
sales, engineering, announcing, pro
gramming, writing, and promotion.
