# Adv. 16 Page 4
## 
### 
Deadline for "Once Arouiul
the Quad" items is 3 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Once Arouiul
the Quad" items is 3 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Once Arouiul
the Quad" items is 3 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Once Arouiul
the Quad" items is 3 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Once Arouiul
the Quad" items is 3 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Once Arouiul
the Quad" items is 3 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Once Arouiul
the Quad" items is 3 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Once Arouiul
the Quad" items is 3 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Once Arouiul
the Quad" items is 3 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Once Arouiul
the Quad" items is 3 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Once Arouiul
the Quad" items is 3 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Once Arouiul
the Quad" items is 3 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Once Arouiul
the Quad" items is 3 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Once Arouiul
the Quad" items is 3 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Once Arouiul
the Quad" items is 3 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Once Arouiul
the Quad" items is 3 p.m. of
the day before publication.
