# Under the Weather
## 
### 
Emilia Infirmary: Duane Da
vis, J ley wood Mansergh, Ben Ol
son, Barry Thompson, Ralph
I Thompson, Alex Wessitsh.
Isolation Hospital: James Ber
trand, William Bischoff, William
I Carr, Richard Cima, Robert De
long, Peter Fitzgerald, Robert
Gallagher, Bennett Gold, Richard
Greigg, Peter Haywood, Eliza
beth Hillman, Steven Jennings,
Caroline Kyle, Douglas McLen
don, Robert Mang, William Medi
gobitch, John Moulds, Gerald
Otches, Marilyn Parrish, David
Perfect, Maria Perry, Tibor Pol
gar, Robert Rack, Francis Rudd,
Norman Schou, Michael Seek,
Steven Stewart, Edward Taylor,
Hans von Briesen, Edward Walk
er, Fredrick Warnick, David Za
ches.
Men's lies I Hume: Kirk Peter
son.
Emilia Infirmary: Duane Da
vis, J ley wood Mansergh, Ben Ol
son, Barry Thompson, Ralph
I Thompson, Alex Wessitsh.
Isolation Hospital: James Ber
trand, William Bischoff, William
I Carr, Richard Cima, Robert De
long, Peter Fitzgerald, Robert
Gallagher, Bennett Gold, Richard
Greigg, Peter Haywood, Eliza
beth Hillman, Steven Jennings,
Caroline Kyle, Douglas McLen
don, Robert Mang, William Medi
gobitch, John Moulds, Gerald
Otches, Marilyn Parrish, David
Perfect, Maria Perry, Tibor Pol
gar, Robert Rack, Francis Rudd,
Norman Schou, Michael Seek,
Steven Stewart, Edward Taylor,
Hans von Briesen, Edward Walk
er, Fredrick Warnick, David Za
ches.
Men's lies I Hume: Kirk Peter
son.
Emilia Infirmary: Duane Da
vis, J ley wood Mansergh, Ben Ol
son, Barry Thompson, Ralph
I Thompson, Alex Wessitsh.
Isolation Hospital: James Ber
trand, William Bischoff, William
I Carr, Richard Cima, Robert De
long, Peter Fitzgerald, Robert
Gallagher, Bennett Gold, Richard
Greigg, Peter Haywood, Eliza
beth Hillman, Steven Jennings,
Caroline Kyle, Douglas McLen
don, Robert Mang, William Medi
gobitch, John Moulds, Gerald
Otches, Marilyn Parrish, David
Perfect, Maria Perry, Tibor Pol
gar, Robert Rack, Francis Rudd,
Norman Schou, Michael Seek,
Steven Stewart, Edward Taylor,
Hans von Briesen, Edward Walk
er, Fredrick Warnick, David Za
ches.
Men's lies I Hume: Kirk Peter
son.
Emilia Infirmary: Duane Da
vis, J ley wood Mansergh, Ben Ol
son, Barry Thompson, Ralph
I Thompson, Alex Wessitsh.
Isolation Hospital: James Ber
trand, William Bischoff, William
I Carr, Richard Cima, Robert De
long, Peter Fitzgerald, Robert
Gallagher, Bennett Gold, Richard
Greigg, Peter Haywood, Eliza
beth Hillman, Steven Jennings,
Caroline Kyle, Douglas McLen
don, Robert Mang, William Medi
gobitch, John Moulds, Gerald
Otches, Marilyn Parrish, David
Perfect, Maria Perry, Tibor Pol
gar, Robert Rack, Francis Rudd,
Norman Schou, Michael Seek,
Steven Stewart, Edward Taylor,
Hans von Briesen, Edward Walk
er, Fredrick Warnick, David Za
ches.
Men's lies I Hume: Kirk Peter
son.
Emilia Infirmary: Duane Da
vis, J ley wood Mansergh, Ben Ol
son, Barry Thompson, Ralph
I Thompson, Alex Wessitsh.
Isolation Hospital: James Ber
trand, William Bischoff, William
I Carr, Richard Cima, Robert De
long, Peter Fitzgerald, Robert
Gallagher, Bennett Gold, Richard
Greigg, Peter Haywood, Eliza
beth Hillman, Steven Jennings,
Caroline Kyle, Douglas McLen
don, Robert Mang, William Medi
gobitch, John Moulds, Gerald
Otches, Marilyn Parrish, David
Perfect, Maria Perry, Tibor Pol
gar, Robert Rack, Francis Rudd,
Norman Schou, Michael Seek,
Steven Stewart, Edward Taylor,
Hans von Briesen, Edward Walk
er, Fredrick Warnick, David Za
ches.
Men's lies I Hume: Kirk Peter
son.
Emilia Infirmary: Duane Da
vis, J ley wood Mansergh, Ben Ol
son, Barry Thompson, Ralph
I Thompson, Alex Wessitsh.
Isolation Hospital: James Ber
trand, William Bischoff, William
I Carr, Richard Cima, Robert De
long, Peter Fitzgerald, Robert
Gallagher, Bennett Gold, Richard
Greigg, Peter Haywood, Eliza
beth Hillman, Steven Jennings,
Caroline Kyle, Douglas McLen
don, Robert Mang, William Medi
gobitch, John Moulds, Gerald
Otches, Marilyn Parrish, David
Perfect, Maria Perry, Tibor Pol
gar, Robert Rack, Francis Rudd,
Norman Schou, Michael Seek,
Steven Stewart, Edward Taylor,
Hans von Briesen, Edward Walk
er, Fredrick Warnick, David Za
ches.
Men's lies I Hume: Kirk Peter
son.
Emilia Infirmary: Duane Da
vis, J ley wood Mansergh, Ben Ol
son, Barry Thompson, Ralph
I Thompson, Alex Wessitsh.
Isolation Hospital: James Ber
trand, William Bischoff, William
I Carr, Richard Cima, Robert De
long, Peter Fitzgerald, Robert
Gallagher, Bennett Gold, Richard
Greigg, Peter Haywood, Eliza
beth Hillman, Steven Jennings,
Caroline Kyle, Douglas McLen
don, Robert Mang, William Medi
gobitch, John Moulds, Gerald
Otches, Marilyn Parrish, David
Perfect, Maria Perry, Tibor Pol
gar, Robert Rack, Francis Rudd,
Norman Schou, Michael Seek,
Steven Stewart, Edward Taylor,
Hans von Briesen, Edward Walk
er, Fredrick Warnick, David Za
ches.
Men's lies I Hume: Kirk Peter
son.
Emilia Infirmary: Duane Da
vis, J ley wood Mansergh, Ben Ol
son, Barry Thompson, Ralph
I Thompson, Alex Wessitsh.
Isolation Hospital: James Ber
trand, William Bischoff, William
I Carr, Richard Cima, Robert De
long, Peter Fitzgerald, Robert
Gallagher, Bennett Gold, Richard
Greigg, Peter Haywood, Eliza
beth Hillman, Steven Jennings,
Caroline Kyle, Douglas McLen
don, Robert Mang, William Medi
gobitch, John Moulds, Gerald
Otches, Marilyn Parrish, David
Perfect, Maria Perry, Tibor Pol
gar, Robert Rack, Francis Rudd,
Norman Schou, Michael Seek,
Steven Stewart, Edward Taylor,
Hans von Briesen, Edward Walk
er, Fredrick Warnick, David Za
ches.
Men's lies I Hume: Kirk Peter
son.
Emilia Infirmary: Duane Da
vis, J ley wood Mansergh, Ben Ol
son, Barry Thompson, Ralph
I Thompson, Alex Wessitsh.
Isolation Hospital: James Ber
trand, William Bischoff, William
I Carr, Richard Cima, Robert De
long, Peter Fitzgerald, Robert
Gallagher, Bennett Gold, Richard
Greigg, Peter Haywood, Eliza
beth Hillman, Steven Jennings,
Caroline Kyle, Douglas McLen
don, Robert Mang, William Medi
gobitch, John Moulds, Gerald
Otches, Marilyn Parrish, David
Perfect, Maria Perry, Tibor Pol
gar, Robert Rack, Francis Rudd,
Norman Schou, Michael Seek,
Steven Stewart, Edward Taylor,
Hans von Briesen, Edward Walk
er, Fredrick Warnick, David Za
ches.
Men's lies I Hume: Kirk Peter
son.
Emilia Infirmary: Duane Da
vis, J ley wood Mansergh, Ben Ol
son, Barry Thompson, Ralph
I Thompson, Alex Wessitsh.
Isolation Hospital: James Ber
trand, William Bischoff, William
I Carr, Richard Cima, Robert De
long, Peter Fitzgerald, Robert
Gallagher, Bennett Gold, Richard
Greigg, Peter Haywood, Eliza
beth Hillman, Steven Jennings,
Caroline Kyle, Douglas McLen
don, Robert Mang, William Medi
gobitch, John Moulds, Gerald
Otches, Marilyn Parrish, David
Perfect, Maria Perry, Tibor Pol
gar, Robert Rack, Francis Rudd,
Norman Schou, Michael Seek,
Steven Stewart, Edward Taylor,
Hans von Briesen, Edward Walk
er, Fredrick Warnick, David Za
ches.
Men's lies I Hume: Kirk Peter
son.
Emilia Infirmary: Duane Da
vis, J ley wood Mansergh, Ben Ol
son, Barry Thompson, Ralph
I Thompson, Alex Wessitsh.
Isolation Hospital: James Ber
trand, William Bischoff, William
I Carr, Richard Cima, Robert De
long, Peter Fitzgerald, Robert
Gallagher, Bennett Gold, Richard
Greigg, Peter Haywood, Eliza
beth Hillman, Steven Jennings,
Caroline Kyle, Douglas McLen
don, Robert Mang, William Medi
gobitch, John Moulds, Gerald
Otches, Marilyn Parrish, David
Perfect, Maria Perry, Tibor Pol
gar, Robert Rack, Francis Rudd,
Norman Schou, Michael Seek,
Steven Stewart, Edward Taylor,
Hans von Briesen, Edward Walk
er, Fredrick Warnick, David Za
ches.
Men's lies I Hume: Kirk Peter
son.
Emilia Infirmary: Duane Da
vis, J ley wood Mansergh, Ben Ol
son, Barry Thompson, Ralph
I Thompson, Alex Wessitsh.
Isolation Hospital: James Ber
trand, William Bischoff, William
I Carr, Richard Cima, Robert De
long, Peter Fitzgerald, Robert
Gallagher, Bennett Gold, Richard
Greigg, Peter Haywood, Eliza
beth Hillman, Steven Jennings,
Caroline Kyle, Douglas McLen
don, Robert Mang, William Medi
gobitch, John Moulds, Gerald
Otches, Marilyn Parrish, David
Perfect, Maria Perry, Tibor Pol
gar, Robert Rack, Francis Rudd,
Norman Schou, Michael Seek,
Steven Stewart, Edward Taylor,
Hans von Briesen, Edward Walk
er, Fredrick Warnick, David Za
ches.
Men's lies I Hume: Kirk Peter
son.
Emilia Infirmary: Duane Da
vis, J ley wood Mansergh, Ben Ol
son, Barry Thompson, Ralph
I Thompson, Alex Wessitsh.
Isolation Hospital: James Ber
trand, William Bischoff, William
I Carr, Richard Cima, Robert De
long, Peter Fitzgerald, Robert
Gallagher, Bennett Gold, Richard
Greigg, Peter Haywood, Eliza
beth Hillman, Steven Jennings,
Caroline Kyle, Douglas McLen
don, Robert Mang, William Medi
gobitch, John Moulds, Gerald
Otches, Marilyn Parrish, David
Perfect, Maria Perry, Tibor Pol
gar, Robert Rack, Francis Rudd,
Norman Schou, Michael Seek,
Steven Stewart, Edward Taylor,
Hans von Briesen, Edward Walk
er, Fredrick Warnick, David Za
ches.
Men's lies I Hume: Kirk Peter
son.
Emilia Infirmary: Duane Da
vis, J ley wood Mansergh, Ben Ol
son, Barry Thompson, Ralph
I Thompson, Alex Wessitsh.
Isolation Hospital: James Ber
trand, William Bischoff, William
I Carr, Richard Cima, Robert De
long, Peter Fitzgerald, Robert
Gallagher, Bennett Gold, Richard
Greigg, Peter Haywood, Eliza
beth Hillman, Steven Jennings,
Caroline Kyle, Douglas McLen
don, Robert Mang, William Medi
gobitch, John Moulds, Gerald
Otches, Marilyn Parrish, David
Perfect, Maria Perry, Tibor Pol
gar, Robert Rack, Francis Rudd,
Norman Schou, Michael Seek,
Steven Stewart, Edward Taylor,
Hans von Briesen, Edward Walk
er, Fredrick Warnick, David Za
ches.
Men's lies I Hume: Kirk Peter
son.
Emilia Infirmary: Duane Da
vis, J ley wood Mansergh, Ben Ol
son, Barry Thompson, Ralph
I Thompson, Alex Wessitsh.
Isolation Hospital: James Ber
trand, William Bischoff, William
I Carr, Richard Cima, Robert De
long, Peter Fitzgerald, Robert
Gallagher, Bennett Gold, Richard
Greigg, Peter Haywood, Eliza
beth Hillman, Steven Jennings,
Caroline Kyle, Douglas McLen
don, Robert Mang, William Medi
gobitch, John Moulds, Gerald
Otches, Marilyn Parrish, David
Perfect, Maria Perry, Tibor Pol
gar, Robert Rack, Francis Rudd,
Norman Schou, Michael Seek,
Steven Stewart, Edward Taylor,
Hans von Briesen, Edward Walk
er, Fredrick Warnick, David Za
ches.
Men's lies I Hume: Kirk Peter
son.
Emilia Infirmary: Duane Da
vis, J ley wood Mansergh, Ben Ol
son, Barry Thompson, Ralph
I Thompson, Alex Wessitsh.
Isolation Hospital: James Ber
trand, William Bischoff, William
I Carr, Richard Cima, Robert De
long, Peter Fitzgerald, Robert
Gallagher, Bennett Gold, Richard
Greigg, Peter Haywood, Eliza
beth Hillman, Steven Jennings,
Caroline Kyle, Douglas McLen
don, Robert Mang, William Medi
gobitch, John Moulds, Gerald
Otches, Marilyn Parrish, David
Perfect, Maria Perry, Tibor Pol
gar, Robert Rack, Francis Rudd,
Norman Schou, Michael Seek,
Steven Stewart, Edward Taylor,
Hans von Briesen, Edward Walk
er, Fredrick Warnick, David Za
ches.
Men's lies I Hume: Kirk Peter
son.
