# STICKS, STONES
## 
### 
Sticks and slones are only
thrown at fruit-hearing trees.
Saadi
Sticks and slones are only
thrown at fruit-hearing trees.
Saadi
Sticks and slones are only
thrown at fruit-hearing trees.
Saadi
Sticks and slones are only
thrown at fruit-hearing trees.
Saadi
Sticks and slones are only
thrown at fruit-hearing trees.
Saadi
Sticks and slones are only
thrown at fruit-hearing trees.
Saadi
Sticks and slones are only
thrown at fruit-hearing trees.
Saadi
Sticks and slones are only
thrown at fruit-hearing trees.
Saadi
Sticks and slones are only
thrown at fruit-hearing trees.
Saadi
Sticks and slones are only
thrown at fruit-hearing trees.
Saadi
Sticks and slones are only
thrown at fruit-hearing trees.
Saadi
Sticks and slones are only
thrown at fruit-hearing trees.
Saadi
Sticks and slones are only
thrown at fruit-hearing trees.
Saadi
Sticks and slones are only
thrown at fruit-hearing trees.
Saadi
Sticks and slones are only
thrown at fruit-hearing trees.
Saadi
Sticks and slones are only
thrown at fruit-hearing trees.
Saadi
