# BEAVER DROPS ARMSTRONG
## 
### 

IN ADDITION to tripping up the Indian varsity's 13-game win streak,
the busy Beavers did a little individual tripping up at Corvallis.
Here. George Peters (551) drops Iloot Armstrong scampering for a gain
after catching a pass from Frankie Albert.

IN ADDITION to tripping up the Indian varsity's 13-game win streak,
the busy Beavers did a little individual tripping up at Corvallis.
Here. George Peters (551) drops Iloot Armstrong scampering for a gain
after catching a pass from Frankie Albert.

IN ADDITION to tripping up the Indian varsity's 13-game win streak,
the busy Beavers did a little individual tripping up at Corvallis.
Here. George Peters (551) drops Iloot Armstrong scampering for a gain
after catching a pass from Frankie Albert.

IN ADDITION to tripping up the Indian varsity's 13-game win streak,
the busy Beavers did a little individual tripping up at Corvallis.
Here. George Peters (551) drops Iloot Armstrong scampering for a gain
after catching a pass from Frankie Albert.

IN ADDITION to tripping up the Indian varsity's 13-game win streak,
the busy Beavers did a little individual tripping up at Corvallis.
Here. George Peters (551) drops Iloot Armstrong scampering for a gain
after catching a pass from Frankie Albert.

IN ADDITION to tripping up the Indian varsity's 13-game win streak,
the busy Beavers did a little individual tripping up at Corvallis.
Here. George Peters (551) drops Iloot Armstrong scampering for a gain
after catching a pass from Frankie Albert.

IN ADDITION to tripping up the Indian varsity's 13-game win streak,
the busy Beavers did a little individual tripping up at Corvallis.
Here. George Peters (551) drops Iloot Armstrong scampering for a gain
after catching a pass from Frankie Albert.

IN ADDITION to tripping up the Indian varsity's 13-game win streak,
the busy Beavers did a little individual tripping up at Corvallis.
Here. George Peters (551) drops Iloot Armstrong scampering for a gain
after catching a pass from Frankie Albert.

IN ADDITION to tripping up the Indian varsity's 13-game win streak,
the busy Beavers did a little individual tripping up at Corvallis.
Here. George Peters (551) drops Iloot Armstrong scampering for a gain
after catching a pass from Frankie Albert.

IN ADDITION to tripping up the Indian varsity's 13-game win streak,
the busy Beavers did a little individual tripping up at Corvallis.
Here. George Peters (551) drops Iloot Armstrong scampering for a gain
after catching a pass from Frankie Albert.

IN ADDITION to tripping up the Indian varsity's 13-game win streak,
the busy Beavers did a little individual tripping up at Corvallis.
Here. George Peters (551) drops Iloot Armstrong scampering for a gain
after catching a pass from Frankie Albert.

IN ADDITION to tripping up the Indian varsity's 13-game win streak,
the busy Beavers did a little individual tripping up at Corvallis.
Here. George Peters (551) drops Iloot Armstrong scampering for a gain
after catching a pass from Frankie Albert.

IN ADDITION to tripping up the Indian varsity's 13-game win streak,
the busy Beavers did a little individual tripping up at Corvallis.
Here. George Peters (551) drops Iloot Armstrong scampering for a gain
after catching a pass from Frankie Albert.

IN ADDITION to tripping up the Indian varsity's 13-game win streak,
the busy Beavers did a little individual tripping up at Corvallis.
Here. George Peters (551) drops Iloot Armstrong scampering for a gain
after catching a pass from Frankie Albert.

IN ADDITION to tripping up the Indian varsity's 13-game win streak,
the busy Beavers did a little individual tripping up at Corvallis.
Here. George Peters (551) drops Iloot Armstrong scampering for a gain
after catching a pass from Frankie Albert.

IN ADDITION to tripping up the Indian varsity's 13-game win streak,
the busy Beavers did a little individual tripping up at Corvallis.
Here. George Peters (551) drops Iloot Armstrong scampering for a gain
after catching a pass from Frankie Albert.

IN ADDITION to tripping up the Indian varsity's 13-game win streak,
the busy Beavers did a little individual tripping up at Corvallis.
Here. George Peters (551) drops Iloot Armstrong scampering for a gain
after catching a pass from Frankie Albert.

IN ADDITION to tripping up the Indian varsity's 13-game win streak,
the busy Beavers did a little individual tripping up at Corvallis.
Here. George Peters (551) drops Iloot Armstrong scampering for a gain
after catching a pass from Frankie Albert.
