# DUDLEY RUNS WILD
## 
### 
Captain Bill Dudley of Virginia is
living up to his reputation estab
lished last year. Last week-end ho
figured in the scoring of 32 points
against Richmond. He throw three
touchdown passes.
Captain Bill Dudley of Virginia is
living up to his reputation estab
lished last year. Last week-end ho
figured in the scoring of 32 points
against Richmond. He throw three
touchdown passes.
Captain Bill Dudley of Virginia is
living up to his reputation estab
lished last year. Last week-end ho
figured in the scoring of 32 points
against Richmond. He throw three
touchdown passes.
Captain Bill Dudley of Virginia is
living up to his reputation estab
lished last year. Last week-end ho
figured in the scoring of 32 points
against Richmond. He throw three
touchdown passes.
Captain Bill Dudley of Virginia is
living up to his reputation estab
lished last year. Last week-end ho
figured in the scoring of 32 points
against Richmond. He throw three
touchdown passes.
Captain Bill Dudley of Virginia is
living up to his reputation estab
lished last year. Last week-end ho
figured in the scoring of 32 points
against Richmond. He throw three
touchdown passes.
Captain Bill Dudley of Virginia is
living up to his reputation estab
lished last year. Last week-end ho
figured in the scoring of 32 points
against Richmond. He throw three
touchdown passes.
Captain Bill Dudley of Virginia is
living up to his reputation estab
lished last year. Last week-end ho
figured in the scoring of 32 points
against Richmond. He throw three
touchdown passes.
Captain Bill Dudley of Virginia is
living up to his reputation estab
lished last year. Last week-end ho
figured in the scoring of 32 points
against Richmond. He throw three
touchdown passes.
Captain Bill Dudley of Virginia is
living up to his reputation estab
lished last year. Last week-end ho
figured in the scoring of 32 points
against Richmond. He throw three
touchdown passes.
Captain Bill Dudley of Virginia is
living up to his reputation estab
lished last year. Last week-end ho
figured in the scoring of 32 points
against Richmond. He throw three
touchdown passes.
Captain Bill Dudley of Virginia is
living up to his reputation estab
lished last year. Last week-end ho
figured in the scoring of 32 points
against Richmond. He throw three
touchdown passes.
Captain Bill Dudley of Virginia is
living up to his reputation estab
lished last year. Last week-end ho
figured in the scoring of 32 points
against Richmond. He throw three
touchdown passes.
Captain Bill Dudley of Virginia is
living up to his reputation estab
lished last year. Last week-end ho
figured in the scoring of 32 points
against Richmond. He throw three
touchdown passes.
Captain Bill Dudley of Virginia is
living up to his reputation estab
lished last year. Last week-end ho
figured in the scoring of 32 points
against Richmond. He throw three
touchdown passes.
Captain Bill Dudley of Virginia is
living up to his reputation estab
lished last year. Last week-end ho
figured in the scoring of 32 points
against Richmond. He throw three
touchdown passes.
Captain Bill Dudley of Virginia is
living up to his reputation estab
lished last year. Last week-end ho
figured in the scoring of 32 points
against Richmond. He throw three
touchdown passes.
Captain Bill Dudley of Virginia is
living up to his reputation estab
lished last year. Last week-end ho
figured in the scoring of 32 points
against Richmond. He throw three
touchdown passes.
