# Rathbun Leads Discussion Group
## 
### 
Under the leadership of Dr. H. J.
Rathbun, of the law school, a re
ligious discussion group has been
organized, according to an announce
ment made yesterday. The women's
group will meet on Sundays at 9:15
a.m., and the men's group at 10:45
a.m.
Last Sunday's subject was "Re
ligion from a Scientific Viewpoint."
At the meeting were Irma Jean
Hannibal, Pat Adams, Betty Binns,
Margaret Elliot, Mary Merner, Beryl
Robison, and Elizabeth Tanner.
Topics slated for future Sunday
discussions are "A Study of the Life
of Jesus as a Man" and "A Critical
Approach to Jesus' Teachings." Ac
cording to Dr. Rathbun, the studies
are designed to aid the student in
formulating a "personal life phi
losophy."
Under the leadership of Dr. H. J.
Rathbun, of the law school, a re
ligious discussion group has been
organized, according to an announce
ment made yesterday. The women's
group will meet on Sundays at 9:15
a.m., and the men's group at 10:45
a.m.
Last Sunday's subject was "Re
ligion from a Scientific Viewpoint."
At the meeting were Irma Jean
Hannibal, Pat Adams, Betty Binns,
Margaret Elliot, Mary Merner, Beryl
Robison, and Elizabeth Tanner.
Topics slated for future Sunday
discussions are "A Study of the Life
of Jesus as a Man" and "A Critical
Approach to Jesus' Teachings." Ac
cording to Dr. Rathbun, the studies
are designed to aid the student in
formulating a "personal life phi
losophy."
Under the leadership of Dr. H. J.
Rathbun, of the law school, a re
ligious discussion group has been
organized, according to an announce
ment made yesterday. The women's
group will meet on Sundays at 9:15
a.m., and the men's group at 10:45
a.m.
Last Sunday's subject was "Re
ligion from a Scientific Viewpoint."
At the meeting were Irma Jean
Hannibal, Pat Adams, Betty Binns,
Margaret Elliot, Mary Merner, Beryl
Robison, and Elizabeth Tanner.
Topics slated for future Sunday
discussions are "A Study of the Life
of Jesus as a Man" and "A Critical
Approach to Jesus' Teachings." Ac
cording to Dr. Rathbun, the studies
are designed to aid the student in
formulating a "personal life phi
losophy."
Under the leadership of Dr. H. J.
Rathbun, of the law school, a re
ligious discussion group has been
organized, according to an announce
ment made yesterday. The women's
group will meet on Sundays at 9:15
a.m., and the men's group at 10:45
a.m.
Last Sunday's subject was "Re
ligion from a Scientific Viewpoint."
At the meeting were Irma Jean
Hannibal, Pat Adams, Betty Binns,
Margaret Elliot, Mary Merner, Beryl
Robison, and Elizabeth Tanner.
Topics slated for future Sunday
discussions are "A Study of the Life
of Jesus as a Man" and "A Critical
Approach to Jesus' Teachings." Ac
cording to Dr. Rathbun, the studies
are designed to aid the student in
formulating a "personal life phi
losophy."
Under the leadership of Dr. H. J.
Rathbun, of the law school, a re
ligious discussion group has been
organized, according to an announce
ment made yesterday. The women's
group will meet on Sundays at 9:15
a.m., and the men's group at 10:45
a.m.
Last Sunday's subject was "Re
ligion from a Scientific Viewpoint."
At the meeting were Irma Jean
Hannibal, Pat Adams, Betty Binns,
Margaret Elliot, Mary Merner, Beryl
Robison, and Elizabeth Tanner.
Topics slated for future Sunday
discussions are "A Study of the Life
of Jesus as a Man" and "A Critical
Approach to Jesus' Teachings." Ac
cording to Dr. Rathbun, the studies
are designed to aid the student in
formulating a "personal life phi
losophy."
Under the leadership of Dr. H. J.
Rathbun, of the law school, a re
ligious discussion group has been
organized, according to an announce
ment made yesterday. The women's
group will meet on Sundays at 9:15
a.m., and the men's group at 10:45
a.m.
Last Sunday's subject was "Re
ligion from a Scientific Viewpoint."
At the meeting were Irma Jean
Hannibal, Pat Adams, Betty Binns,
Margaret Elliot, Mary Merner, Beryl
Robison, and Elizabeth Tanner.
Topics slated for future Sunday
discussions are "A Study of the Life
of Jesus as a Man" and "A Critical
Approach to Jesus' Teachings." Ac
cording to Dr. Rathbun, the studies
are designed to aid the student in
formulating a "personal life phi
losophy."
Under the leadership of Dr. H. J.
Rathbun, of the law school, a re
ligious discussion group has been
organized, according to an announce
ment made yesterday. The women's
group will meet on Sundays at 9:15
a.m., and the men's group at 10:45
a.m.
Last Sunday's subject was "Re
ligion from a Scientific Viewpoint."
At the meeting were Irma Jean
Hannibal, Pat Adams, Betty Binns,
Margaret Elliot, Mary Merner, Beryl
Robison, and Elizabeth Tanner.
Topics slated for future Sunday
discussions are "A Study of the Life
of Jesus as a Man" and "A Critical
Approach to Jesus' Teachings." Ac
cording to Dr. Rathbun, the studies
are designed to aid the student in
formulating a "personal life phi
losophy."
Under the leadership of Dr. H. J.
Rathbun, of the law school, a re
ligious discussion group has been
organized, according to an announce
ment made yesterday. The women's
group will meet on Sundays at 9:15
a.m., and the men's group at 10:45
a.m.
Last Sunday's subject was "Re
ligion from a Scientific Viewpoint."
At the meeting were Irma Jean
Hannibal, Pat Adams, Betty Binns,
Margaret Elliot, Mary Merner, Beryl
Robison, and Elizabeth Tanner.
Topics slated for future Sunday
discussions are "A Study of the Life
of Jesus as a Man" and "A Critical
Approach to Jesus' Teachings." Ac
cording to Dr. Rathbun, the studies
are designed to aid the student in
formulating a "personal life phi
losophy."
Under the leadership of Dr. H. J.
Rathbun, of the law school, a re
ligious discussion group has been
organized, according to an announce
ment made yesterday. The women's
group will meet on Sundays at 9:15
a.m., and the men's group at 10:45
a.m.
Last Sunday's subject was "Re
ligion from a Scientific Viewpoint."
At the meeting were Irma Jean
Hannibal, Pat Adams, Betty Binns,
Margaret Elliot, Mary Merner, Beryl
Robison, and Elizabeth Tanner.
Topics slated for future Sunday
discussions are "A Study of the Life
of Jesus as a Man" and "A Critical
Approach to Jesus' Teachings." Ac
cording to Dr. Rathbun, the studies
are designed to aid the student in
formulating a "personal life phi
losophy."
Under the leadership of Dr. H. J.
Rathbun, of the law school, a re
ligious discussion group has been
organized, according to an announce
ment made yesterday. The women's
group will meet on Sundays at 9:15
a.m., and the men's group at 10:45
a.m.
Last Sunday's subject was "Re
ligion from a Scientific Viewpoint."
At the meeting were Irma Jean
Hannibal, Pat Adams, Betty Binns,
Margaret Elliot, Mary Merner, Beryl
Robison, and Elizabeth Tanner.
Topics slated for future Sunday
discussions are "A Study of the Life
of Jesus as a Man" and "A Critical
Approach to Jesus' Teachings." Ac
cording to Dr. Rathbun, the studies
are designed to aid the student in
formulating a "personal life phi
losophy."
Under the leadership of Dr. H. J.
Rathbun, of the law school, a re
ligious discussion group has been
organized, according to an announce
ment made yesterday. The women's
group will meet on Sundays at 9:15
a.m., and the men's group at 10:45
a.m.
Last Sunday's subject was "Re
ligion from a Scientific Viewpoint."
At the meeting were Irma Jean
Hannibal, Pat Adams, Betty Binns,
Margaret Elliot, Mary Merner, Beryl
Robison, and Elizabeth Tanner.
Topics slated for future Sunday
discussions are "A Study of the Life
of Jesus as a Man" and "A Critical
Approach to Jesus' Teachings." Ac
cording to Dr. Rathbun, the studies
are designed to aid the student in
formulating a "personal life phi
losophy."
Under the leadership of Dr. H. J.
Rathbun, of the law school, a re
ligious discussion group has been
organized, according to an announce
ment made yesterday. The women's
group will meet on Sundays at 9:15
a.m., and the men's group at 10:45
a.m.
Last Sunday's subject was "Re
ligion from a Scientific Viewpoint."
At the meeting were Irma Jean
Hannibal, Pat Adams, Betty Binns,
Margaret Elliot, Mary Merner, Beryl
Robison, and Elizabeth Tanner.
Topics slated for future Sunday
discussions are "A Study of the Life
of Jesus as a Man" and "A Critical
Approach to Jesus' Teachings." Ac
cording to Dr. Rathbun, the studies
are designed to aid the student in
formulating a "personal life phi
losophy."
Under the leadership of Dr. H. J.
Rathbun, of the law school, a re
ligious discussion group has been
organized, according to an announce
ment made yesterday. The women's
group will meet on Sundays at 9:15
a.m., and the men's group at 10:45
a.m.
Last Sunday's subject was "Re
ligion from a Scientific Viewpoint."
At the meeting were Irma Jean
Hannibal, Pat Adams, Betty Binns,
Margaret Elliot, Mary Merner, Beryl
Robison, and Elizabeth Tanner.
Topics slated for future Sunday
discussions are "A Study of the Life
of Jesus as a Man" and "A Critical
Approach to Jesus' Teachings." Ac
cording to Dr. Rathbun, the studies
are designed to aid the student in
formulating a "personal life phi
losophy."
Under the leadership of Dr. H. J.
Rathbun, of the law school, a re
ligious discussion group has been
organized, according to an announce
ment made yesterday. The women's
group will meet on Sundays at 9:15
a.m., and the men's group at 10:45
a.m.
Last Sunday's subject was "Re
ligion from a Scientific Viewpoint."
At the meeting were Irma Jean
Hannibal, Pat Adams, Betty Binns,
Margaret Elliot, Mary Merner, Beryl
Robison, and Elizabeth Tanner.
Topics slated for future Sunday
discussions are "A Study of the Life
of Jesus as a Man" and "A Critical
Approach to Jesus' Teachings." Ac
cording to Dr. Rathbun, the studies
are designed to aid the student in
formulating a "personal life phi
losophy."
Under the leadership of Dr. H. J.
Rathbun, of the law school, a re
ligious discussion group has been
organized, according to an announce
ment made yesterday. The women's
group will meet on Sundays at 9:15
a.m., and the men's group at 10:45
a.m.
Last Sunday's subject was "Re
ligion from a Scientific Viewpoint."
At the meeting were Irma Jean
Hannibal, Pat Adams, Betty Binns,
Margaret Elliot, Mary Merner, Beryl
Robison, and Elizabeth Tanner.
Topics slated for future Sunday
discussions are "A Study of the Life
of Jesus as a Man" and "A Critical
Approach to Jesus' Teachings." Ac
cording to Dr. Rathbun, the studies
are designed to aid the student in
formulating a "personal life phi
losophy."
Under the leadership of Dr. H. J.
Rathbun, of the law school, a re
ligious discussion group has been
organized, according to an announce
ment made yesterday. The women's
group will meet on Sundays at 9:15
a.m., and the men's group at 10:45
a.m.
Last Sunday's subject was "Re
ligion from a Scientific Viewpoint."
At the meeting were Irma Jean
Hannibal, Pat Adams, Betty Binns,
Margaret Elliot, Mary Merner, Beryl
Robison, and Elizabeth Tanner.
Topics slated for future Sunday
discussions are "A Study of the Life
of Jesus as a Man" and "A Critical
Approach to Jesus' Teachings." Ac
cording to Dr. Rathbun, the studies
are designed to aid the student in
formulating a "personal life phi
losophy."
Under the leadership of Dr. H. J.
Rathbun, of the law school, a re
ligious discussion group has been
organized, according to an announce
ment made yesterday. The women's
group will meet on Sundays at 9:15
a.m., and the men's group at 10:45
a.m.
Last Sunday's subject was "Re
ligion from a Scientific Viewpoint."
At the meeting were Irma Jean
Hannibal, Pat Adams, Betty Binns,
Margaret Elliot, Mary Merner, Beryl
Robison, and Elizabeth Tanner.
Topics slated for future Sunday
discussions are "A Study of the Life
of Jesus as a Man" and "A Critical
Approach to Jesus' Teachings." Ac
cording to Dr. Rathbun, the studies
are designed to aid the student in
formulating a "personal life phi
losophy."
Under the leadership of Dr. H. J.
Rathbun, of the law school, a re
ligious discussion group has been
organized, according to an announce
ment made yesterday. The women's
group will meet on Sundays at 9:15
a.m., and the men's group at 10:45
a.m.
Last Sunday's subject was "Re
ligion from a Scientific Viewpoint."
At the meeting were Irma Jean
Hannibal, Pat Adams, Betty Binns,
Margaret Elliot, Mary Merner, Beryl
Robison, and Elizabeth Tanner.
Topics slated for future Sunday
discussions are "A Study of the Life
of Jesus as a Man" and "A Critical
Approach to Jesus' Teachings." Ac
cording to Dr. Rathbun, the studies
are designed to aid the student in
formulating a "personal life phi
losophy."
