# Naturalist to Talk On Andes Journey
## 
### 
Lecture and illustrated slides of
an eight month journey through
the Andes range entitled "Natu
ralists in the Andes" will be the
program for the Tuesday Evening
Series at 7:30 in Memorial Audi
tori urn.
Edward S. Ross, curator of the
department of entomology, Cali
fornia Academy of Sciences, made
the journey in 1955, crossing the
Andes in Peru, Ecuador and Co
lombia. He is a specialist in close
up nature photography, and his
slides feature intimate doseups of
flowers, frogs and insects seen
along the way.
A frequent guest of the televi
sion show "Science in Action" and
contributor lo Life and National
Geographic Magazine, Ross is now
conducting research under the
National Science Foundation.
