# Daily to Explain Publicity Policy
## 
### 
The Stan lord Daily invites
publicity chairmen and presi
dents of nil student committees,
organizations and residences In
atl eii d a meeting Thursday
nit;III al 7:80 in Room 10 of the
Women's <lubhouse.
Available means of publicity,
correct channeling of news and
ASSI) and Daily policies will be
presented. Individual problems
in news and publicity will lie
discussed after the meeting 1 .
The Stan lord Daily invites
publicity chairmen and presi
dents of nil student committees,
organizations and residences In
atl eii d a meeting Thursday
nit;III al 7:80 in Room 10 of the
Women's <lubhouse.
Available means of publicity,
correct channeling of news and
ASSI) and Daily policies will be
presented. Individual problems
in news and publicity will lie
discussed after the meeting 1 .
The Stan lord Daily invites
publicity chairmen and presi
dents of nil student committees,
organizations and residences In
atl eii d a meeting Thursday
nit;III al 7:80 in Room 10 of the
Women's <lubhouse.
Available means of publicity,
correct channeling of news and
ASSI) and Daily policies will be
presented. Individual problems
in news and publicity will lie
discussed after the meeting 1 .
The Stan lord Daily invites
publicity chairmen and presi
dents of nil student committees,
organizations and residences In
atl eii d a meeting Thursday
nit;III al 7:80 in Room 10 of the
Women's <lubhouse.
Available means of publicity,
correct channeling of news and
ASSI) and Daily policies will be
presented. Individual problems
in news and publicity will lie
discussed after the meeting 1 .
The Stan lord Daily invites
publicity chairmen and presi
dents of nil student committees,
organizations and residences In
atl eii d a meeting Thursday
nit;III al 7:80 in Room 10 of the
Women's <lubhouse.
Available means of publicity,
correct channeling of news and
ASSI) and Daily policies will be
presented. Individual problems
in news and publicity will lie
discussed after the meeting 1 .
The Stan lord Daily invites
publicity chairmen and presi
dents of nil student committees,
organizations and residences In
atl eii d a meeting Thursday
nit;III al 7:80 in Room 10 of the
Women's <lubhouse.
Available means of publicity,
correct channeling of news and
ASSI) and Daily policies will be
presented. Individual problems
in news and publicity will lie
discussed after the meeting 1 .
The Stan lord Daily invites
publicity chairmen and presi
dents of nil student committees,
organizations and residences In
atl eii d a meeting Thursday
nit;III al 7:80 in Room 10 of the
Women's <lubhouse.
Available means of publicity,
correct channeling of news and
ASSI) and Daily policies will be
presented. Individual problems
in news and publicity will lie
discussed after the meeting 1 .
The Stan lord Daily invites
publicity chairmen and presi
dents of nil student committees,
organizations and residences In
atl eii d a meeting Thursday
nit;III al 7:80 in Room 10 of the
Women's <lubhouse.
Available means of publicity,
correct channeling of news and
ASSI) and Daily policies will be
presented. Individual problems
in news and publicity will lie
discussed after the meeting 1 .
The Stan lord Daily invites
publicity chairmen and presi
dents of nil student committees,
organizations and residences In
atl eii d a meeting Thursday
nit;III al 7:80 in Room 10 of the
Women's <lubhouse.
Available means of publicity,
correct channeling of news and
ASSI) and Daily policies will be
presented. Individual problems
in news and publicity will lie
discussed after the meeting 1 .
The Stan lord Daily invites
publicity chairmen and presi
dents of nil student committees,
organizations and residences In
atl eii d a meeting Thursday
nit;III al 7:80 in Room 10 of the
Women's <lubhouse.
Available means of publicity,
correct channeling of news and
ASSI) and Daily policies will be
presented. Individual problems
in news and publicity will lie
discussed after the meeting 1 .
The Stan lord Daily invites
publicity chairmen and presi
dents of nil student committees,
organizations and residences In
atl eii d a meeting Thursday
nit;III al 7:80 in Room 10 of the
Women's <lubhouse.
Available means of publicity,
correct channeling of news and
ASSI) and Daily policies will be
presented. Individual problems
in news and publicity will lie
discussed after the meeting 1 .
The Stan lord Daily invites
publicity chairmen and presi
dents of nil student committees,
organizations and residences In
atl eii d a meeting Thursday
nit;III al 7:80 in Room 10 of the
Women's <lubhouse.
Available means of publicity,
correct channeling of news and
ASSI) and Daily policies will be
presented. Individual problems
in news and publicity will lie
discussed after the meeting 1 .
The Stan lord Daily invites
publicity chairmen and presi
dents of nil student committees,
organizations and residences In
atl eii d a meeting Thursday
nit;III al 7:80 in Room 10 of the
Women's <lubhouse.
Available means of publicity,
correct channeling of news and
ASSI) and Daily policies will be
presented. Individual problems
in news and publicity will lie
discussed after the meeting 1 .
The Stan lord Daily invites
publicity chairmen and presi
dents of nil student committees,
organizations and residences In
atl eii d a meeting Thursday
nit;III al 7:80 in Room 10 of the
Women's <lubhouse.
Available means of publicity,
correct channeling of news and
ASSI) and Daily policies will be
presented. Individual problems
in news and publicity will lie
discussed after the meeting 1 .
The Stan lord Daily invites
publicity chairmen and presi
dents of nil student committees,
organizations and residences In
atl eii d a meeting Thursday
nit;III al 7:80 in Room 10 of the
Women's <lubhouse.
Available means of publicity,
correct channeling of news and
ASSI) and Daily policies will be
presented. Individual problems
in news and publicity will lie
discussed after the meeting 1 .
The Stan lord Daily invites
publicity chairmen and presi
dents of nil student committees,
organizations and residences In
atl eii d a meeting Thursday
nit;III al 7:80 in Room 10 of the
Women's <lubhouse.
Available means of publicity,
correct channeling of news and
ASSI) and Daily policies will be
presented. Individual problems
in news and publicity will lie
discussed after the meeting 1 .
