# Model UN Needs 214 Students for Conference Work
## 
### 
Model United Nations began its
big personnel push last night by
distributing sign-up sheets in
house meetings. A' least 214 ate
needed for the conference, which
will be held April 10 through 13.
Ai least 80 secretaries are need
erl to cover the conference com
mittee and council sessions. They
will take minutes at these meet
ings and type reports of the ses
sions. Only two hours per person
will be required, according to per
sonnel director Micki Pike.
Duplicating and secretarial serv
ice will need about 21 women to
work ft uri n g the conference.
These women will type stencils
.'ind duplicate all the proceedings
of the sessions. The duplicating
office will be set up in Hie Nitery.
About 80 men or women will he
needed for messengers in Ihe
councils and committees. They
will carry resolutions from the
floor to the presiding officers and
perform the general function of
pages.
For registration on the first day
of the session 20 people will be
needed. The office of registration
will be set up in one of the Wilbur
lounges. Chairmen of all 58 dele
gations will register their delega
tions there and receive their cre
dentials.
An art staff will be needed be
tween now and the conference,
general services director Stu Pol
lak said. About 10 people will be
needed to construct country signs
to be used to designate the dif
ferent delegations.
Model United Nations began its
big personnel push last night by
distributing sign-up sheets in
house meetings. A' least 214 ate
needed for the conference, which
will be held April 10 through 13.
Ai least 80 secretaries are need
erl to cover the conference com
mittee and council sessions. They
will take minutes at these meet
ings and type reports of the ses
sions. Only two hours per person
will be required, according to per
sonnel director Micki Pike.
Duplicating and secretarial serv
ice will need about 21 women to
work ft uri n g the conference.
These women will type stencils
.'ind duplicate all the proceedings
of the sessions. The duplicating
office will be set up in Hie Nitery.
About 80 men or women will he
needed for messengers in Ihe
councils and committees. They
will carry resolutions from the
floor to the presiding officers and
perform the general function of
pages.
For registration on the first day
of the session 20 people will be
needed. The office of registration
will be set up in one of the Wilbur
lounges. Chairmen of all 58 dele
gations will register their delega
tions there and receive their cre
dentials.
An art staff will be needed be
tween now and the conference,
general services director Stu Pol
lak said. About 10 people will be
needed to construct country signs
to be used to designate the dif
ferent delegations.
Model United Nations began its
big personnel push last night by
distributing sign-up sheets in
house meetings. A' least 214 ate
needed for the conference, which
will be held April 10 through 13.
Ai least 80 secretaries are need
erl to cover the conference com
mittee and council sessions. They
will take minutes at these meet
ings and type reports of the ses
sions. Only two hours per person
will be required, according to per
sonnel director Micki Pike.
Duplicating and secretarial serv
ice will need about 21 women to
work ft uri n g the conference.
These women will type stencils
.'ind duplicate all the proceedings
of the sessions. The duplicating
office will be set up in Hie Nitery.
About 80 men or women will he
needed for messengers in Ihe
councils and committees. They
will carry resolutions from the
floor to the presiding officers and
perform the general function of
pages.
For registration on the first day
of the session 20 people will be
needed. The office of registration
will be set up in one of the Wilbur
lounges. Chairmen of all 58 dele
gations will register their delega
tions there and receive their cre
dentials.
An art staff will be needed be
tween now and the conference,
general services director Stu Pol
lak said. About 10 people will be
needed to construct country signs
to be used to designate the dif
ferent delegations.
Model United Nations began its
big personnel push last night by
distributing sign-up sheets in
house meetings. A' least 214 ate
needed for the conference, which
will be held April 10 through 13.
Ai least 80 secretaries are need
erl to cover the conference com
mittee and council sessions. They
will take minutes at these meet
ings and type reports of the ses
sions. Only two hours per person
will be required, according to per
sonnel director Micki Pike.
Duplicating and secretarial serv
ice will need about 21 women to
work ft uri n g the conference.
These women will type stencils
.'ind duplicate all the proceedings
of the sessions. The duplicating
office will be set up in Hie Nitery.
About 80 men or women will he
needed for messengers in Ihe
councils and committees. They
will carry resolutions from the
floor to the presiding officers and
perform the general function of
pages.
For registration on the first day
of the session 20 people will be
needed. The office of registration
will be set up in one of the Wilbur
lounges. Chairmen of all 58 dele
gations will register their delega
tions there and receive their cre
dentials.
An art staff will be needed be
tween now and the conference,
general services director Stu Pol
lak said. About 10 people will be
needed to construct country signs
to be used to designate the dif
ferent delegations.
Model United Nations began its
big personnel push last night by
distributing sign-up sheets in
house meetings. A' least 214 ate
needed for the conference, which
will be held April 10 through 13.
Ai least 80 secretaries are need
erl to cover the conference com
mittee and council sessions. They
will take minutes at these meet
ings and type reports of the ses
sions. Only two hours per person
will be required, according to per
sonnel director Micki Pike.
Duplicating and secretarial serv
ice will need about 21 women to
work ft uri n g the conference.
These women will type stencils
.'ind duplicate all the proceedings
of the sessions. The duplicating
office will be set up in Hie Nitery.
About 80 men or women will he
needed for messengers in Ihe
councils and committees. They
will carry resolutions from the
floor to the presiding officers and
perform the general function of
pages.
For registration on the first day
of the session 20 people will be
needed. The office of registration
will be set up in one of the Wilbur
lounges. Chairmen of all 58 dele
gations will register their delega
tions there and receive their cre
dentials.
An art staff will be needed be
tween now and the conference,
general services director Stu Pol
lak said. About 10 people will be
needed to construct country signs
to be used to designate the dif
ferent delegations.
Model United Nations began its
big personnel push last night by
distributing sign-up sheets in
house meetings. A' least 214 ate
needed for the conference, which
will be held April 10 through 13.
Ai least 80 secretaries are need
erl to cover the conference com
mittee and council sessions. They
will take minutes at these meet
ings and type reports of the ses
sions. Only two hours per person
will be required, according to per
sonnel director Micki Pike.
Duplicating and secretarial serv
ice will need about 21 women to
work ft uri n g the conference.
These women will type stencils
.'ind duplicate all the proceedings
of the sessions. The duplicating
office will be set up in Hie Nitery.
About 80 men or women will he
needed for messengers in Ihe
councils and committees. They
will carry resolutions from the
floor to the presiding officers and
perform the general function of
pages.
For registration on the first day
of the session 20 people will be
needed. The office of registration
will be set up in one of the Wilbur
lounges. Chairmen of all 58 dele
gations will register their delega
tions there and receive their cre
dentials.
An art staff will be needed be
tween now and the conference,
general services director Stu Pol
lak said. About 10 people will be
needed to construct country signs
to be used to designate the dif
ferent delegations.
Model United Nations began its
big personnel push last night by
distributing sign-up sheets in
house meetings. A' least 214 ate
needed for the conference, which
will be held April 10 through 13.
Ai least 80 secretaries are need
erl to cover the conference com
mittee and council sessions. They
will take minutes at these meet
ings and type reports of the ses
sions. Only two hours per person
will be required, according to per
sonnel director Micki Pike.
Duplicating and secretarial serv
ice will need about 21 women to
work ft uri n g the conference.
These women will type stencils
.'ind duplicate all the proceedings
of the sessions. The duplicating
office will be set up in Hie Nitery.
About 80 men or women will he
needed for messengers in Ihe
councils and committees. They
will carry resolutions from the
floor to the presiding officers and
perform the general function of
pages.
For registration on the first day
of the session 20 people will be
needed. The office of registration
will be set up in one of the Wilbur
lounges. Chairmen of all 58 dele
gations will register their delega
tions there and receive their cre
dentials.
An art staff will be needed be
tween now and the conference,
general services director Stu Pol
lak said. About 10 people will be
needed to construct country signs
to be used to designate the dif
ferent delegations.
Model United Nations began its
big personnel push last night by
distributing sign-up sheets in
house meetings. A' least 214 ate
needed for the conference, which
will be held April 10 through 13.
Ai least 80 secretaries are need
erl to cover the conference com
mittee and council sessions. They
will take minutes at these meet
ings and type reports of the ses
sions. Only two hours per person
will be required, according to per
sonnel director Micki Pike.
Duplicating and secretarial serv
ice will need about 21 women to
work ft uri n g the conference.
These women will type stencils
.'ind duplicate all the proceedings
of the sessions. The duplicating
office will be set up in Hie Nitery.
About 80 men or women will he
needed for messengers in Ihe
councils and committees. They
will carry resolutions from the
floor to the presiding officers and
perform the general function of
pages.
For registration on the first day
of the session 20 people will be
needed. The office of registration
will be set up in one of the Wilbur
lounges. Chairmen of all 58 dele
gations will register their delega
tions there and receive their cre
dentials.
An art staff will be needed be
tween now and the conference,
general services director Stu Pol
lak said. About 10 people will be
needed to construct country signs
to be used to designate the dif
ferent delegations.
Model United Nations began its
big personnel push last night by
distributing sign-up sheets in
house meetings. A' least 214 ate
needed for the conference, which
will be held April 10 through 13.
Ai least 80 secretaries are need
erl to cover the conference com
mittee and council sessions. They
will take minutes at these meet
ings and type reports of the ses
sions. Only two hours per person
will be required, according to per
sonnel director Micki Pike.
Duplicating and secretarial serv
ice will need about 21 women to
work ft uri n g the conference.
These women will type stencils
.'ind duplicate all the proceedings
of the sessions. The duplicating
office will be set up in Hie Nitery.
About 80 men or women will he
needed for messengers in Ihe
councils and committees. They
will carry resolutions from the
floor to the presiding officers and
perform the general function of
pages.
For registration on the first day
of the session 20 people will be
needed. The office of registration
will be set up in one of the Wilbur
lounges. Chairmen of all 58 dele
gations will register their delega
tions there and receive their cre
dentials.
An art staff will be needed be
tween now and the conference,
general services director Stu Pol
lak said. About 10 people will be
needed to construct country signs
to be used to designate the dif
ferent delegations.
Model United Nations began its
big personnel push last night by
distributing sign-up sheets in
house meetings. A' least 214 ate
needed for the conference, which
will be held April 10 through 13.
Ai least 80 secretaries are need
erl to cover the conference com
mittee and council sessions. They
will take minutes at these meet
ings and type reports of the ses
sions. Only two hours per person
will be required, according to per
sonnel director Micki Pike.
Duplicating and secretarial serv
ice will need about 21 women to
work ft uri n g the conference.
These women will type stencils
.'ind duplicate all the proceedings
of the sessions. The duplicating
office will be set up in Hie Nitery.
About 80 men or women will he
needed for messengers in Ihe
councils and committees. They
will carry resolutions from the
floor to the presiding officers and
perform the general function of
pages.
For registration on the first day
of the session 20 people will be
needed. The office of registration
will be set up in one of the Wilbur
lounges. Chairmen of all 58 dele
gations will register their delega
tions there and receive their cre
dentials.
An art staff will be needed be
tween now and the conference,
general services director Stu Pol
lak said. About 10 people will be
needed to construct country signs
to be used to designate the dif
ferent delegations.
Model United Nations began its
big personnel push last night by
distributing sign-up sheets in
house meetings. A' least 214 ate
needed for the conference, which
will be held April 10 through 13.
Ai least 80 secretaries are need
erl to cover the conference com
mittee and council sessions. They
will take minutes at these meet
ings and type reports of the ses
sions. Only two hours per person
will be required, according to per
sonnel director Micki Pike.
Duplicating and secretarial serv
ice will need about 21 women to
work ft uri n g the conference.
These women will type stencils
.'ind duplicate all the proceedings
of the sessions. The duplicating
office will be set up in Hie Nitery.
About 80 men or women will he
needed for messengers in Ihe
councils and committees. They
will carry resolutions from the
floor to the presiding officers and
perform the general function of
pages.
For registration on the first day
of the session 20 people will be
needed. The office of registration
will be set up in one of the Wilbur
lounges. Chairmen of all 58 dele
gations will register their delega
tions there and receive their cre
dentials.
An art staff will be needed be
tween now and the conference,
general services director Stu Pol
lak said. About 10 people will be
needed to construct country signs
to be used to designate the dif
ferent delegations.
Model United Nations began its
big personnel push last night by
distributing sign-up sheets in
house meetings. A' least 214 ate
needed for the conference, which
will be held April 10 through 13.
Ai least 80 secretaries are need
erl to cover the conference com
mittee and council sessions. They
will take minutes at these meet
ings and type reports of the ses
sions. Only two hours per person
will be required, according to per
sonnel director Micki Pike.
Duplicating and secretarial serv
ice will need about 21 women to
work ft uri n g the conference.
These women will type stencils
.'ind duplicate all the proceedings
of the sessions. The duplicating
office will be set up in Hie Nitery.
About 80 men or women will he
needed for messengers in Ihe
councils and committees. They
will carry resolutions from the
floor to the presiding officers and
perform the general function of
pages.
For registration on the first day
of the session 20 people will be
needed. The office of registration
will be set up in one of the Wilbur
lounges. Chairmen of all 58 dele
gations will register their delega
tions there and receive their cre
dentials.
An art staff will be needed be
tween now and the conference,
general services director Stu Pol
lak said. About 10 people will be
needed to construct country signs
to be used to designate the dif
ferent delegations.
Model United Nations began its
big personnel push last night by
distributing sign-up sheets in
house meetings. A' least 214 ate
needed for the conference, which
will be held April 10 through 13.
Ai least 80 secretaries are need
erl to cover the conference com
mittee and council sessions. They
will take minutes at these meet
ings and type reports of the ses
sions. Only two hours per person
will be required, according to per
sonnel director Micki Pike.
Duplicating and secretarial serv
ice will need about 21 women to
work ft uri n g the conference.
These women will type stencils
.'ind duplicate all the proceedings
of the sessions. The duplicating
office will be set up in Hie Nitery.
About 80 men or women will he
needed for messengers in Ihe
councils and committees. They
will carry resolutions from the
floor to the presiding officers and
perform the general function of
pages.
For registration on the first day
of the session 20 people will be
needed. The office of registration
will be set up in one of the Wilbur
lounges. Chairmen of all 58 dele
gations will register their delega
tions there and receive their cre
dentials.
An art staff will be needed be
tween now and the conference,
general services director Stu Pol
lak said. About 10 people will be
needed to construct country signs
to be used to designate the dif
ferent delegations.
Model United Nations began its
big personnel push last night by
distributing sign-up sheets in
house meetings. A' least 214 ate
needed for the conference, which
will be held April 10 through 13.
Ai least 80 secretaries are need
erl to cover the conference com
mittee and council sessions. They
will take minutes at these meet
ings and type reports of the ses
sions. Only two hours per person
will be required, according to per
sonnel director Micki Pike.
Duplicating and secretarial serv
ice will need about 21 women to
work ft uri n g the conference.
These women will type stencils
.'ind duplicate all the proceedings
of the sessions. The duplicating
office will be set up in Hie Nitery.
About 80 men or women will he
needed for messengers in Ihe
councils and committees. They
will carry resolutions from the
floor to the presiding officers and
perform the general function of
pages.
For registration on the first day
of the session 20 people will be
needed. The office of registration
will be set up in one of the Wilbur
lounges. Chairmen of all 58 dele
gations will register their delega
tions there and receive their cre
dentials.
An art staff will be needed be
tween now and the conference,
general services director Stu Pol
lak said. About 10 people will be
needed to construct country signs
to be used to designate the dif
ferent delegations.
Model United Nations began its
big personnel push last night by
distributing sign-up sheets in
house meetings. A' least 214 ate
needed for the conference, which
will be held April 10 through 13.
Ai least 80 secretaries are need
erl to cover the conference com
mittee and council sessions. They
will take minutes at these meet
ings and type reports of the ses
sions. Only two hours per person
will be required, according to per
sonnel director Micki Pike.
Duplicating and secretarial serv
ice will need about 21 women to
work ft uri n g the conference.
These women will type stencils
.'ind duplicate all the proceedings
of the sessions. The duplicating
office will be set up in Hie Nitery.
About 80 men or women will he
needed for messengers in Ihe
councils and committees. They
will carry resolutions from the
floor to the presiding officers and
perform the general function of
pages.
For registration on the first day
of the session 20 people will be
needed. The office of registration
will be set up in one of the Wilbur
lounges. Chairmen of all 58 dele
gations will register their delega
tions there and receive their cre
dentials.
An art staff will be needed be
tween now and the conference,
general services director Stu Pol
lak said. About 10 people will be
needed to construct country signs
to be used to designate the dif
ferent delegations.
Model United Nations began its
big personnel push last night by
distributing sign-up sheets in
house meetings. A' least 214 ate
needed for the conference, which
will be held April 10 through 13.
Ai least 80 secretaries are need
erl to cover the conference com
mittee and council sessions. They
will take minutes at these meet
ings and type reports of the ses
sions. Only two hours per person
will be required, according to per
sonnel director Micki Pike.
Duplicating and secretarial serv
ice will need about 21 women to
work ft uri n g the conference.
These women will type stencils
.'ind duplicate all the proceedings
of the sessions. The duplicating
office will be set up in Hie Nitery.
About 80 men or women will he
needed for messengers in Ihe
councils and committees. They
will carry resolutions from the
floor to the presiding officers and
perform the general function of
pages.
For registration on the first day
of the session 20 people will be
needed. The office of registration
will be set up in one of the Wilbur
lounges. Chairmen of all 58 dele
gations will register their delega
tions there and receive their cre
dentials.
An art staff will be needed be
tween now and the conference,
general services director Stu Pol
lak said. About 10 people will be
needed to construct country signs
to be used to designate the dif
ferent delegations.
