# MILLIS WITH GOVERNMENT.
## Stanford Professor to Make Study of Effects of Immigration in the West. 
### 
Within a few days Prof. H. A. Mil
lis, of the Department of Economics,
will leave for Washington, D. C., to
attend a conference of superinten
dents of four commissions that are
investigating the question of immi
gration into this country. He was
recently appointed to the position of
superintendent of the commission that
had charge of the work west of Col
orado, succeeding Dr. W. C. Mitchell,
of the University of California. Work
has been carried on this summer by
Professor Millis in investigating the
disposition of immigrants throughout
the country and their effect upon the
various communities. Associated with
him as special agents were Instruc
tor I. B. Cross, of the Department of
Economics, and Y. Ichihashi, a grad
uate student, registered in the Eco
nomics department.
Professor Millis has been granted
a leave of absence for a year. After
the next two weeks, which he will
spend in Washington, D. C., he will
make his headquarters in this vicinity.
