# Dr. Blodgett to Lecture
## 
### 
Dr. Benjamin C. Blodgett will
give an informal talk on the,
Genesis of Modern Romantic Music
with illustrations on the piano
from Mendelssohn, Chopin, Schu
man arid Wagner, at the Sequoia
club-rooms, San Francisco, April
12th, at 8:30 p.m.
Dr. Benjamin C. Blodgett will
give an informal talk on the,
Genesis of Modern Romantic Music
with illustrations on the piano
from Mendelssohn, Chopin, Schu
man arid Wagner, at the Sequoia
club-rooms, San Francisco, April
12th, at 8:30 p.m.
Dr. Benjamin C. Blodgett will
give an informal talk on the,
Genesis of Modern Romantic Music
with illustrations on the piano
from Mendelssohn, Chopin, Schu
man arid Wagner, at the Sequoia
club-rooms, San Francisco, April
12th, at 8:30 p.m.
Dr. Benjamin C. Blodgett will
give an informal talk on the,
Genesis of Modern Romantic Music
with illustrations on the piano
from Mendelssohn, Chopin, Schu
man arid Wagner, at the Sequoia
club-rooms, San Francisco, April
12th, at 8:30 p.m.
Dr. Benjamin C. Blodgett will
give an informal talk on the,
Genesis of Modern Romantic Music
with illustrations on the piano
from Mendelssohn, Chopin, Schu
man arid Wagner, at the Sequoia
club-rooms, San Francisco, April
12th, at 8:30 p.m.
Dr. Benjamin C. Blodgett will
give an informal talk on the,
Genesis of Modern Romantic Music
with illustrations on the piano
from Mendelssohn, Chopin, Schu
man arid Wagner, at the Sequoia
club-rooms, San Francisco, April
12th, at 8:30 p.m.
Dr. Benjamin C. Blodgett will
give an informal talk on the,
Genesis of Modern Romantic Music
with illustrations on the piano
from Mendelssohn, Chopin, Schu
man arid Wagner, at the Sequoia
club-rooms, San Francisco, April
12th, at 8:30 p.m.
Dr. Benjamin C. Blodgett will
give an informal talk on the,
Genesis of Modern Romantic Music
with illustrations on the piano
from Mendelssohn, Chopin, Schu
man arid Wagner, at the Sequoia
club-rooms, San Francisco, April
12th, at 8:30 p.m.
