# Graduate Admitted to the Bar.
## 
### 
Raymond G. Harnett, '05, passed
the bar examinations last month
and has received permission from
the Supreme Court to practice law
in the courts of Missouri. Harnett
was a member of the Intercollegi
ate and Carnot debating teams of
1904 and 1905 and a member of the
Phi Delta Phi and Sigma Alpha
Epsilon fraternities.
Raymond G. Harnett, '05, passed
the bar examinations last month
and has received permission from
the Supreme Court to practice law
in the courts of Missouri. Harnett
was a member of the Intercollegi
ate and Carnot debating teams of
1904 and 1905 and a member of the
Phi Delta Phi and Sigma Alpha
Epsilon fraternities.
Raymond G. Harnett, '05, passed
the bar examinations last month
and has received permission from
the Supreme Court to practice law
in the courts of Missouri. Harnett
was a member of the Intercollegi
ate and Carnot debating teams of
1904 and 1905 and a member of the
Phi Delta Phi and Sigma Alpha
Epsilon fraternities.
Raymond G. Harnett, '05, passed
the bar examinations last month
and has received permission from
the Supreme Court to practice law
in the courts of Missouri. Harnett
was a member of the Intercollegi
ate and Carnot debating teams of
1904 and 1905 and a member of the
Phi Delta Phi and Sigma Alpha
Epsilon fraternities.
Raymond G. Harnett, '05, passed
the bar examinations last month
and has received permission from
the Supreme Court to practice law
in the courts of Missouri. Harnett
was a member of the Intercollegi
ate and Carnot debating teams of
1904 and 1905 and a member of the
Phi Delta Phi and Sigma Alpha
Epsilon fraternities.
Raymond G. Harnett, '05, passed
the bar examinations last month
and has received permission from
the Supreme Court to practice law
in the courts of Missouri. Harnett
was a member of the Intercollegi
ate and Carnot debating teams of
1904 and 1905 and a member of the
Phi Delta Phi and Sigma Alpha
Epsilon fraternities.
Raymond G. Harnett, '05, passed
the bar examinations last month
and has received permission from
the Supreme Court to practice law
in the courts of Missouri. Harnett
was a member of the Intercollegi
ate and Carnot debating teams of
1904 and 1905 and a member of the
Phi Delta Phi and Sigma Alpha
Epsilon fraternities.
Raymond G. Harnett, '05, passed
the bar examinations last month
and has received permission from
the Supreme Court to practice law
in the courts of Missouri. Harnett
was a member of the Intercollegi
ate and Carnot debating teams of
1904 and 1905 and a member of the
Phi Delta Phi and Sigma Alpha
Epsilon fraternities.
