# SET DATE FOR CHESS
## MATCH WITH CALIFORNIA NIGHT BEFORE FIELD MEET. Encina Club-room to Be Scene of First of Campus Games—Chances Bright for Victory. 
### 
The intercollegiate chess tourna
ment with the University of C«li
fornia will be held in the Encina
club-room on Friday, April iJOth,
the evening before the intercollegi
ate field-day, at 8 o'clock. Seven
matches, each counting one point
will he played, and the Cardinal's
chances for victory are excellent.
The Stanford players have already
been announced, while Secretary
Strong is expecting daily the names
from California.
This year is the first time that
the match will be played on the
campus of either university, the
games formerly having been played
in the chess-room of the Mechanics'
Institute of San Francisco. Spec
tators, however numerous, do not
disturb the contestants, who will
welcome the presence of everyone
interested in the match, especially
as the Chess Club expects to satis
factorily inaugurate the custom of
holding campus games. All details
of the match are to be arranged
immediately before the commence
ment of play, the captain of each
team drawing lots to select the in
dividual opponents. No captain
has yet been selected for the home
team, although it is customary for
the president of the club to act as
such. The side to have the first
move, or in other words, the side
to use the white pieces, will also be
determined by lot.
The intercollegiate chess tourna
ment with the University of C«li
fornia will be held in the Encina
club-room on Friday, April iJOth,
the evening before the intercollegi
ate field-day, at 8 o'clock. Seven
matches, each counting one point
will he played, and the Cardinal's
chances for victory are excellent.
The Stanford players have already
been announced, while Secretary
Strong is expecting daily the names
from California.
This year is the first time that
the match will be played on the
campus of either university, the
games formerly having been played
in the chess-room of the Mechanics'
Institute of San Francisco. Spec
tators, however numerous, do not
disturb the contestants, who will
welcome the presence of everyone
interested in the match, especially
as the Chess Club expects to satis
factorily inaugurate the custom of
holding campus games. All details
of the match are to be arranged
immediately before the commence
ment of play, the captain of each
team drawing lots to select the in
dividual opponents. No captain
has yet been selected for the home
team, although it is customary for
the president of the club to act as
such. The side to have the first
move, or in other words, the side
to use the white pieces, will also be
determined by lot.
The intercollegiate chess tourna
ment with the University of C«li
fornia will be held in the Encina
club-room on Friday, April iJOth,
the evening before the intercollegi
ate field-day, at 8 o'clock. Seven
matches, each counting one point
will he played, and the Cardinal's
chances for victory are excellent.
The Stanford players have already
been announced, while Secretary
Strong is expecting daily the names
from California.
This year is the first time that
the match will be played on the
campus of either university, the
games formerly having been played
in the chess-room of the Mechanics'
Institute of San Francisco. Spec
tators, however numerous, do not
disturb the contestants, who will
welcome the presence of everyone
interested in the match, especially
as the Chess Club expects to satis
factorily inaugurate the custom of
holding campus games. All details
of the match are to be arranged
immediately before the commence
ment of play, the captain of each
team drawing lots to select the in
dividual opponents. No captain
has yet been selected for the home
team, although it is customary for
the president of the club to act as
such. The side to have the first
move, or in other words, the side
to use the white pieces, will also be
determined by lot.
The intercollegiate chess tourna
ment with the University of C«li
fornia will be held in the Encina
club-room on Friday, April iJOth,
the evening before the intercollegi
ate field-day, at 8 o'clock. Seven
matches, each counting one point
will he played, and the Cardinal's
chances for victory are excellent.
The Stanford players have already
been announced, while Secretary
Strong is expecting daily the names
from California.
This year is the first time that
the match will be played on the
campus of either university, the
games formerly having been played
in the chess-room of the Mechanics'
Institute of San Francisco. Spec
tators, however numerous, do not
disturb the contestants, who will
welcome the presence of everyone
interested in the match, especially
as the Chess Club expects to satis
factorily inaugurate the custom of
holding campus games. All details
of the match are to be arranged
immediately before the commence
ment of play, the captain of each
team drawing lots to select the in
dividual opponents. No captain
has yet been selected for the home
team, although it is customary for
the president of the club to act as
such. The side to have the first
move, or in other words, the side
to use the white pieces, will also be
determined by lot.
The intercollegiate chess tourna
ment with the University of C«li
fornia will be held in the Encina
club-room on Friday, April iJOth,
the evening before the intercollegi
ate field-day, at 8 o'clock. Seven
matches, each counting one point
will he played, and the Cardinal's
chances for victory are excellent.
The Stanford players have already
been announced, while Secretary
Strong is expecting daily the names
from California.
This year is the first time that
the match will be played on the
campus of either university, the
games formerly having been played
in the chess-room of the Mechanics'
Institute of San Francisco. Spec
tators, however numerous, do not
disturb the contestants, who will
welcome the presence of everyone
interested in the match, especially
as the Chess Club expects to satis
factorily inaugurate the custom of
holding campus games. All details
of the match are to be arranged
immediately before the commence
ment of play, the captain of each
team drawing lots to select the in
dividual opponents. No captain
has yet been selected for the home
team, although it is customary for
the president of the club to act as
such. The side to have the first
move, or in other words, the side
to use the white pieces, will also be
determined by lot.
The intercollegiate chess tourna
ment with the University of C«li
fornia will be held in the Encina
club-room on Friday, April iJOth,
the evening before the intercollegi
ate field-day, at 8 o'clock. Seven
matches, each counting one point
will he played, and the Cardinal's
chances for victory are excellent.
The Stanford players have already
been announced, while Secretary
Strong is expecting daily the names
from California.
This year is the first time that
the match will be played on the
campus of either university, the
games formerly having been played
in the chess-room of the Mechanics'
Institute of San Francisco. Spec
tators, however numerous, do not
disturb the contestants, who will
welcome the presence of everyone
interested in the match, especially
as the Chess Club expects to satis
factorily inaugurate the custom of
holding campus games. All details
of the match are to be arranged
immediately before the commence
ment of play, the captain of each
team drawing lots to select the in
dividual opponents. No captain
has yet been selected for the home
team, although it is customary for
the president of the club to act as
such. The side to have the first
move, or in other words, the side
to use the white pieces, will also be
determined by lot.
The intercollegiate chess tourna
ment with the University of C«li
fornia will be held in the Encina
club-room on Friday, April iJOth,
the evening before the intercollegi
ate field-day, at 8 o'clock. Seven
matches, each counting one point
will he played, and the Cardinal's
chances for victory are excellent.
The Stanford players have already
been announced, while Secretary
Strong is expecting daily the names
from California.
This year is the first time that
the match will be played on the
campus of either university, the
games formerly having been played
in the chess-room of the Mechanics'
Institute of San Francisco. Spec
tators, however numerous, do not
disturb the contestants, who will
welcome the presence of everyone
interested in the match, especially
as the Chess Club expects to satis
factorily inaugurate the custom of
holding campus games. All details
of the match are to be arranged
immediately before the commence
ment of play, the captain of each
team drawing lots to select the in
dividual opponents. No captain
has yet been selected for the home
team, although it is customary for
the president of the club to act as
such. The side to have the first
move, or in other words, the side
to use the white pieces, will also be
determined by lot.
The intercollegiate chess tourna
ment with the University of C«li
fornia will be held in the Encina
club-room on Friday, April iJOth,
the evening before the intercollegi
ate field-day, at 8 o'clock. Seven
matches, each counting one point
will he played, and the Cardinal's
chances for victory are excellent.
The Stanford players have already
been announced, while Secretary
Strong is expecting daily the names
from California.
This year is the first time that
the match will be played on the
campus of either university, the
games formerly having been played
in the chess-room of the Mechanics'
Institute of San Francisco. Spec
tators, however numerous, do not
disturb the contestants, who will
welcome the presence of everyone
interested in the match, especially
as the Chess Club expects to satis
factorily inaugurate the custom of
holding campus games. All details
of the match are to be arranged
immediately before the commence
ment of play, the captain of each
team drawing lots to select the in
dividual opponents. No captain
has yet been selected for the home
team, although it is customary for
the president of the club to act as
such. The side to have the first
move, or in other words, the side
to use the white pieces, will also be
determined by lot.
