# ENGINEERS TO MEET
## 
### 
The student chapter of the Am
erican Society of Civil Engineers
will hold a short business meeting
tonight at 7:15 in the lobby of
Encina Hall.
The student chapter of the Am
erican Society of Civil Engineers
will hold a short business meeting
tonight at 7:15 in the lobby of
Encina Hall.
The student chapter of the Am
erican Society of Civil Engineers
will hold a short business meeting
tonight at 7:15 in the lobby of
Encina Hall.
The student chapter of the Am
erican Society of Civil Engineers
will hold a short business meeting
tonight at 7:15 in the lobby of
Encina Hall.
The student chapter of the Am
erican Society of Civil Engineers
will hold a short business meeting
tonight at 7:15 in the lobby of
Encina Hall.
The student chapter of the Am
erican Society of Civil Engineers
will hold a short business meeting
tonight at 7:15 in the lobby of
Encina Hall.
The student chapter of the Am
erican Society of Civil Engineers
will hold a short business meeting
tonight at 7:15 in the lobby of
Encina Hall.
The student chapter of the Am
erican Society of Civil Engineers
will hold a short business meeting
tonight at 7:15 in the lobby of
Encina Hall.
The student chapter of the Am
erican Society of Civil Engineers
will hold a short business meeting
tonight at 7:15 in the lobby of
Encina Hall.
The student chapter of the Am
erican Society of Civil Engineers
will hold a short business meeting
tonight at 7:15 in the lobby of
Encina Hall.
The student chapter of the Am
erican Society of Civil Engineers
will hold a short business meeting
tonight at 7:15 in the lobby of
Encina Hall.
The student chapter of the Am
erican Society of Civil Engineers
will hold a short business meeting
tonight at 7:15 in the lobby of
Encina Hall.
The student chapter of the Am
erican Society of Civil Engineers
will hold a short business meeting
tonight at 7:15 in the lobby of
Encina Hall.
The student chapter of the Am
erican Society of Civil Engineers
will hold a short business meeting
tonight at 7:15 in the lobby of
Encina Hall.
The student chapter of the Am
erican Society of Civil Engineers
will hold a short business meeting
tonight at 7:15 in the lobby of
Encina Hall.
