# Vacation for Architect Hodges.
## 
### 
Architect Clias. E. Hodges sailed
yesterday on the China for Hono
lulu. The trip is undertaken wholly
for rest and pleasure. Mr. Hodges
anticipates a very enjoyable vaca
tion visiting with friends in Hono
lulu, among them a considerable
number of Stanford graduates. He
will return home on the Peru, clue
in San Francisco on the 20th.
Architect Clias. E. Hodges sailed
yesterday on the China for Hono
lulu. The trip is undertaken wholly
for rest and pleasure. Mr. Hodges
anticipates a very enjoyable vaca
tion visiting with friends in Hono
lulu, among them a considerable
number of Stanford graduates. He
will return home on the Peru, clue
in San Francisco on the 20th.
Architect Clias. E. Hodges sailed
yesterday on the China for Hono
lulu. The trip is undertaken wholly
for rest and pleasure. Mr. Hodges
anticipates a very enjoyable vaca
tion visiting with friends in Hono
lulu, among them a considerable
number of Stanford graduates. He
will return home on the Peru, clue
in San Francisco on the 20th.
Architect Clias. E. Hodges sailed
yesterday on the China for Hono
lulu. The trip is undertaken wholly
for rest and pleasure. Mr. Hodges
anticipates a very enjoyable vaca
tion visiting with friends in Hono
lulu, among them a considerable
number of Stanford graduates. He
will return home on the Peru, clue
in San Francisco on the 20th.
Architect Clias. E. Hodges sailed
yesterday on the China for Hono
lulu. The trip is undertaken wholly
for rest and pleasure. Mr. Hodges
anticipates a very enjoyable vaca
tion visiting with friends in Hono
lulu, among them a considerable
number of Stanford graduates. He
will return home on the Peru, clue
in San Francisco on the 20th.
Architect Clias. E. Hodges sailed
yesterday on the China for Hono
lulu. The trip is undertaken wholly
for rest and pleasure. Mr. Hodges
anticipates a very enjoyable vaca
tion visiting with friends in Hono
lulu, among them a considerable
number of Stanford graduates. He
will return home on the Peru, clue
in San Francisco on the 20th.
Architect Clias. E. Hodges sailed
yesterday on the China for Hono
lulu. The trip is undertaken wholly
for rest and pleasure. Mr. Hodges
anticipates a very enjoyable vaca
tion visiting with friends in Hono
lulu, among them a considerable
number of Stanford graduates. He
will return home on the Peru, clue
in San Francisco on the 20th.
Architect Clias. E. Hodges sailed
yesterday on the China for Hono
lulu. The trip is undertaken wholly
for rest and pleasure. Mr. Hodges
anticipates a very enjoyable vaca
tion visiting with friends in Hono
lulu, among them a considerable
number of Stanford graduates. He
will return home on the Peru, clue
in San Francisco on the 20th.
