# Mrs. Stanford Nearing Home.
## 
### 
Mr. C. G. Lathrop went to San
Francisco this morning with the
expectation of meeting Mrs. Stan
ford on her return from the East.
It is believed that she will arrive
in the city either this evening or
tomorrow morning.
Mr. C. G. Lathrop went to San
Francisco this morning with the
expectation of meeting Mrs. Stan
ford on her return from the East.
It is believed that she will arrive
in the city either this evening or
tomorrow morning.
Mr. C. G. Lathrop went to San
Francisco this morning with the
expectation of meeting Mrs. Stan
ford on her return from the East.
It is believed that she will arrive
in the city either this evening or
tomorrow morning.
Mr. C. G. Lathrop went to San
Francisco this morning with the
expectation of meeting Mrs. Stan
ford on her return from the East.
It is believed that she will arrive
in the city either this evening or
tomorrow morning.
Mr. C. G. Lathrop went to San
Francisco this morning with the
expectation of meeting Mrs. Stan
ford on her return from the East.
It is believed that she will arrive
in the city either this evening or
tomorrow morning.
Mr. C. G. Lathrop went to San
Francisco this morning with the
expectation of meeting Mrs. Stan
ford on her return from the East.
It is believed that she will arrive
in the city either this evening or
tomorrow morning.
Mr. C. G. Lathrop went to San
Francisco this morning with the
expectation of meeting Mrs. Stan
ford on her return from the East.
It is believed that she will arrive
in the city either this evening or
tomorrow morning.
Mr. C. G. Lathrop went to San
Francisco this morning with the
expectation of meeting Mrs. Stan
ford on her return from the East.
It is believed that she will arrive
in the city either this evening or
tomorrow morning.
