# On the Oval.
## 
### 
The varsity team came out last night
and played as if they felt none the
worse for their hard work in Saturday's
game in the city. The whole team was
out and the game was spirited and well
played, Frankenheimer played in
Lewis's place at left half, and Lewis
played the same position on the second
eleven.
The second eleven put up a fine game
against the varsity, some of 'their men
winning the applause of the spectators
Russell bucked the varsity line for
numerous gains. Uarrelson made a
beautiful gain of thirty yards round
the right cud. Rutan did some good
playing at tackle, aud all the line men
played an even game against their op
ponents.
McMillan is developing into a good
player at left guard, and on the other
sid« of the centre Rurnett is doing very
good work. Harry Walton and Frank
enheimer made some good runs, while
Kennedy went through the line for big
uains.
The varsity team came out last night
and played as if they felt none the
worse for their hard work in Saturday's
game in the city. The whole team was
out and the game was spirited and well
played, Frankenheimer played in
Lewis's place at left half, and Lewis
played the same position on the second
eleven.
The second eleven put up a fine game
against the varsity, some of 'their men
winning the applause of the spectators
Russell bucked the varsity line for
numerous gains. Uarrelson made a
beautiful gain of thirty yards round
the right cud. Rutan did some good
playing at tackle, aud all the line men
played an even game against their op
ponents.
McMillan is developing into a good
player at left guard, and on the other
sid« of the centre Rurnett is doing very
good work. Harry Walton and Frank
enheimer made some good runs, while
Kennedy went through the line for big
uains.
