# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The formation of a Philosophical So
ciety, noiiced in another column, sup
plies a want much felt by students in
the department of Ethics. In this way
the men who delight in abstract thought
can find congenial and reciprocal enter
tainment. The absence of philosophi
cal thought and discussion here has of
ten been a matter of great surprise to
new men, and has been a decided
drawback to those taking an interest in
these things
The formation of a Philosophical So
ciety, noiiced in another column, sup
plies a want much felt by students in
the department of Ethics. In this way
the men who delight in abstract thought
can find congenial and reciprocal enter
tainment. The absence of philosophi
cal thought and discussion here has of
ten been a matter of great surprise to
new men, and has been a decided
drawback to those taking an interest in
these things
