# SORORITY HEAD VISITS
## 
### 
Mrs. R. E. Fitzgerald of Wisconsin,
international grand president of
Gamma Phi Beta sorority, visited
Stanford Monday, where she was
enteitained at tea.
Mrs. R. E. Fitzgerald of Wisconsin,
international grand president of
Gamma Phi Beta sorority, visited
Stanford Monday, where she was
enteitained at tea.
Mrs. R. E. Fitzgerald of Wisconsin,
international grand president of
Gamma Phi Beta sorority, visited
Stanford Monday, where she was
enteitained at tea.
Mrs. R. E. Fitzgerald of Wisconsin,
international grand president of
Gamma Phi Beta sorority, visited
Stanford Monday, where she was
enteitained at tea.
Mrs. R. E. Fitzgerald of Wisconsin,
international grand president of
Gamma Phi Beta sorority, visited
Stanford Monday, where she was
enteitained at tea.
Mrs. R. E. Fitzgerald of Wisconsin,
international grand president of
Gamma Phi Beta sorority, visited
Stanford Monday, where she was
enteitained at tea.
Mrs. R. E. Fitzgerald of Wisconsin,
international grand president of
Gamma Phi Beta sorority, visited
Stanford Monday, where she was
enteitained at tea.
Mrs. R. E. Fitzgerald of Wisconsin,
international grand president of
Gamma Phi Beta sorority, visited
Stanford Monday, where she was
enteitained at tea.
Mrs. R. E. Fitzgerald of Wisconsin,
international grand president of
Gamma Phi Beta sorority, visited
Stanford Monday, where she was
enteitained at tea.
Mrs. R. E. Fitzgerald of Wisconsin,
international grand president of
Gamma Phi Beta sorority, visited
Stanford Monday, where she was
enteitained at tea.
Mrs. R. E. Fitzgerald of Wisconsin,
international grand president of
Gamma Phi Beta sorority, visited
Stanford Monday, where she was
enteitained at tea.
Mrs. R. E. Fitzgerald of Wisconsin,
international grand president of
Gamma Phi Beta sorority, visited
Stanford Monday, where she was
enteitained at tea.
Mrs. R. E. Fitzgerald of Wisconsin,
international grand president of
Gamma Phi Beta sorority, visited
Stanford Monday, where she was
enteitained at tea.
Mrs. R. E. Fitzgerald of Wisconsin,
international grand president of
Gamma Phi Beta sorority, visited
Stanford Monday, where she was
enteitained at tea.
Mrs. R. E. Fitzgerald of Wisconsin,
international grand president of
Gamma Phi Beta sorority, visited
Stanford Monday, where she was
enteitained at tea.
Mrs. R. E. Fitzgerald of Wisconsin,
international grand president of
Gamma Phi Beta sorority, visited
Stanford Monday, where she was
enteitained at tea.
Mrs. R. E. Fitzgerald of Wisconsin,
international grand president of
Gamma Phi Beta sorority, visited
Stanford Monday, where she was
enteitained at tea.
Mrs. R. E. Fitzgerald of Wisconsin,
international grand president of
Gamma Phi Beta sorority, visited
Stanford Monday, where she was
enteitained at tea.
