# ROOSEVELT REAFFIRMS NAVAL PATROL PLANS
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today reaffirmed
his determination to extend opera
tions of the naval neutrality patrol
as far as necessary to safeguard the
western hemisphere. He said United
States fighting ships may legally en
ter combat zones fixed under the
Neutrality Act.
The President said only merchant
ships are barred from combat areas,
and emphatically stated his ex
planation did not mean naval craft
were to be sent into these danger
zones.
He refused to say how far into the
seven seas —the all-inclusive area
into which he has declared the patrol
would be sent, if necessary—units of
the patrol now are operating to cre
ate a safe lane for war shipments to
Great Britain.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief
of naval operations, said in an ad
dress to the Chamber of Commerce
of the United States, units of the
patrol already are operating as far
as 2000 miles in the Atlantic.
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today reaffirmed
his determination to extend opera
tions of the naval neutrality patrol
as far as necessary to safeguard the
western hemisphere. He said United
States fighting ships may legally en
ter combat zones fixed under the
Neutrality Act.
The President said only merchant
ships are barred from combat areas,
and emphatically stated his ex
planation did not mean naval craft
were to be sent into these danger
zones.
He refused to say how far into the
seven seas —the all-inclusive area
into which he has declared the patrol
would be sent, if necessary—units of
the patrol now are operating to cre
ate a safe lane for war shipments to
Great Britain.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief
of naval operations, said in an ad
dress to the Chamber of Commerce
of the United States, units of the
patrol already are operating as far
as 2000 miles in the Atlantic.
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today reaffirmed
his determination to extend opera
tions of the naval neutrality patrol
as far as necessary to safeguard the
western hemisphere. He said United
States fighting ships may legally en
ter combat zones fixed under the
Neutrality Act.
The President said only merchant
ships are barred from combat areas,
and emphatically stated his ex
planation did not mean naval craft
were to be sent into these danger
zones.
He refused to say how far into the
seven seas —the all-inclusive area
into which he has declared the patrol
would be sent, if necessary—units of
the patrol now are operating to cre
ate a safe lane for war shipments to
Great Britain.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief
of naval operations, said in an ad
dress to the Chamber of Commerce
of the United States, units of the
patrol already are operating as far
as 2000 miles in the Atlantic.
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today reaffirmed
his determination to extend opera
tions of the naval neutrality patrol
as far as necessary to safeguard the
western hemisphere. He said United
States fighting ships may legally en
ter combat zones fixed under the
Neutrality Act.
The President said only merchant
ships are barred from combat areas,
and emphatically stated his ex
planation did not mean naval craft
were to be sent into these danger
zones.
He refused to say how far into the
seven seas —the all-inclusive area
into which he has declared the patrol
would be sent, if necessary—units of
the patrol now are operating to cre
ate a safe lane for war shipments to
Great Britain.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief
of naval operations, said in an ad
dress to the Chamber of Commerce
of the United States, units of the
patrol already are operating as far
as 2000 miles in the Atlantic.
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today reaffirmed
his determination to extend opera
tions of the naval neutrality patrol
as far as necessary to safeguard the
western hemisphere. He said United
States fighting ships may legally en
ter combat zones fixed under the
Neutrality Act.
The President said only merchant
ships are barred from combat areas,
and emphatically stated his ex
planation did not mean naval craft
were to be sent into these danger
zones.
He refused to say how far into the
seven seas —the all-inclusive area
into which he has declared the patrol
would be sent, if necessary—units of
the patrol now are operating to cre
ate a safe lane for war shipments to
Great Britain.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief
of naval operations, said in an ad
dress to the Chamber of Commerce
of the United States, units of the
patrol already are operating as far
as 2000 miles in the Atlantic.
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today reaffirmed
his determination to extend opera
tions of the naval neutrality patrol
as far as necessary to safeguard the
western hemisphere. He said United
States fighting ships may legally en
ter combat zones fixed under the
Neutrality Act.
The President said only merchant
ships are barred from combat areas,
and emphatically stated his ex
planation did not mean naval craft
were to be sent into these danger
zones.
He refused to say how far into the
seven seas —the all-inclusive area
into which he has declared the patrol
would be sent, if necessary—units of
the patrol now are operating to cre
ate a safe lane for war shipments to
Great Britain.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief
of naval operations, said in an ad
dress to the Chamber of Commerce
of the United States, units of the
patrol already are operating as far
as 2000 miles in the Atlantic.
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today reaffirmed
his determination to extend opera
tions of the naval neutrality patrol
as far as necessary to safeguard the
western hemisphere. He said United
States fighting ships may legally en
ter combat zones fixed under the
Neutrality Act.
The President said only merchant
ships are barred from combat areas,
and emphatically stated his ex
planation did not mean naval craft
were to be sent into these danger
zones.
He refused to say how far into the
seven seas —the all-inclusive area
into which he has declared the patrol
would be sent, if necessary—units of
the patrol now are operating to cre
ate a safe lane for war shipments to
Great Britain.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief
of naval operations, said in an ad
dress to the Chamber of Commerce
of the United States, units of the
patrol already are operating as far
as 2000 miles in the Atlantic.
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today reaffirmed
his determination to extend opera
tions of the naval neutrality patrol
as far as necessary to safeguard the
western hemisphere. He said United
States fighting ships may legally en
ter combat zones fixed under the
Neutrality Act.
The President said only merchant
ships are barred from combat areas,
and emphatically stated his ex
planation did not mean naval craft
were to be sent into these danger
zones.
He refused to say how far into the
seven seas —the all-inclusive area
into which he has declared the patrol
would be sent, if necessary—units of
the patrol now are operating to cre
ate a safe lane for war shipments to
Great Britain.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief
of naval operations, said in an ad
dress to the Chamber of Commerce
of the United States, units of the
patrol already are operating as far
as 2000 miles in the Atlantic.
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today reaffirmed
his determination to extend opera
tions of the naval neutrality patrol
as far as necessary to safeguard the
western hemisphere. He said United
States fighting ships may legally en
ter combat zones fixed under the
Neutrality Act.
The President said only merchant
ships are barred from combat areas,
and emphatically stated his ex
planation did not mean naval craft
were to be sent into these danger
zones.
He refused to say how far into the
seven seas —the all-inclusive area
into which he has declared the patrol
would be sent, if necessary—units of
the patrol now are operating to cre
ate a safe lane for war shipments to
Great Britain.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief
of naval operations, said in an ad
dress to the Chamber of Commerce
of the United States, units of the
patrol already are operating as far
as 2000 miles in the Atlantic.
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today reaffirmed
his determination to extend opera
tions of the naval neutrality patrol
as far as necessary to safeguard the
western hemisphere. He said United
States fighting ships may legally en
ter combat zones fixed under the
Neutrality Act.
The President said only merchant
ships are barred from combat areas,
and emphatically stated his ex
planation did not mean naval craft
were to be sent into these danger
zones.
He refused to say how far into the
seven seas —the all-inclusive area
into which he has declared the patrol
would be sent, if necessary—units of
the patrol now are operating to cre
ate a safe lane for war shipments to
Great Britain.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief
of naval operations, said in an ad
dress to the Chamber of Commerce
of the United States, units of the
patrol already are operating as far
as 2000 miles in the Atlantic.
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today reaffirmed
his determination to extend opera
tions of the naval neutrality patrol
as far as necessary to safeguard the
western hemisphere. He said United
States fighting ships may legally en
ter combat zones fixed under the
Neutrality Act.
The President said only merchant
ships are barred from combat areas,
and emphatically stated his ex
planation did not mean naval craft
were to be sent into these danger
zones.
He refused to say how far into the
seven seas —the all-inclusive area
into which he has declared the patrol
would be sent, if necessary—units of
the patrol now are operating to cre
ate a safe lane for war shipments to
Great Britain.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief
of naval operations, said in an ad
dress to the Chamber of Commerce
of the United States, units of the
patrol already are operating as far
as 2000 miles in the Atlantic.
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today reaffirmed
his determination to extend opera
tions of the naval neutrality patrol
as far as necessary to safeguard the
western hemisphere. He said United
States fighting ships may legally en
ter combat zones fixed under the
Neutrality Act.
The President said only merchant
ships are barred from combat areas,
and emphatically stated his ex
planation did not mean naval craft
were to be sent into these danger
zones.
He refused to say how far into the
seven seas —the all-inclusive area
into which he has declared the patrol
would be sent, if necessary—units of
the patrol now are operating to cre
ate a safe lane for war shipments to
Great Britain.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief
of naval operations, said in an ad
dress to the Chamber of Commerce
of the United States, units of the
patrol already are operating as far
as 2000 miles in the Atlantic.
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today reaffirmed
his determination to extend opera
tions of the naval neutrality patrol
as far as necessary to safeguard the
western hemisphere. He said United
States fighting ships may legally en
ter combat zones fixed under the
Neutrality Act.
The President said only merchant
ships are barred from combat areas,
and emphatically stated his ex
planation did not mean naval craft
were to be sent into these danger
zones.
He refused to say how far into the
seven seas —the all-inclusive area
into which he has declared the patrol
would be sent, if necessary—units of
the patrol now are operating to cre
ate a safe lane for war shipments to
Great Britain.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief
of naval operations, said in an ad
dress to the Chamber of Commerce
of the United States, units of the
patrol already are operating as far
as 2000 miles in the Atlantic.
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today reaffirmed
his determination to extend opera
tions of the naval neutrality patrol
as far as necessary to safeguard the
western hemisphere. He said United
States fighting ships may legally en
ter combat zones fixed under the
Neutrality Act.
The President said only merchant
ships are barred from combat areas,
and emphatically stated his ex
planation did not mean naval craft
were to be sent into these danger
zones.
He refused to say how far into the
seven seas —the all-inclusive area
into which he has declared the patrol
would be sent, if necessary—units of
the patrol now are operating to cre
ate a safe lane for war shipments to
Great Britain.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief
of naval operations, said in an ad
dress to the Chamber of Commerce
of the United States, units of the
patrol already are operating as far
as 2000 miles in the Atlantic.
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today reaffirmed
his determination to extend opera
tions of the naval neutrality patrol
as far as necessary to safeguard the
western hemisphere. He said United
States fighting ships may legally en
ter combat zones fixed under the
Neutrality Act.
The President said only merchant
ships are barred from combat areas,
and emphatically stated his ex
planation did not mean naval craft
were to be sent into these danger
zones.
He refused to say how far into the
seven seas —the all-inclusive area
into which he has declared the patrol
would be sent, if necessary—units of
the patrol now are operating to cre
ate a safe lane for war shipments to
Great Britain.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief
of naval operations, said in an ad
dress to the Chamber of Commerce
of the United States, units of the
patrol already are operating as far
as 2000 miles in the Atlantic.
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today reaffirmed
his determination to extend opera
tions of the naval neutrality patrol
as far as necessary to safeguard the
western hemisphere. He said United
States fighting ships may legally en
ter combat zones fixed under the
Neutrality Act.
The President said only merchant
ships are barred from combat areas,
and emphatically stated his ex
planation did not mean naval craft
were to be sent into these danger
zones.
He refused to say how far into the
seven seas —the all-inclusive area
into which he has declared the patrol
would be sent, if necessary—units of
the patrol now are operating to cre
ate a safe lane for war shipments to
Great Britain.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief
of naval operations, said in an ad
dress to the Chamber of Commerce
of the United States, units of the
patrol already are operating as far
as 2000 miles in the Atlantic.
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today reaffirmed
his determination to extend opera
tions of the naval neutrality patrol
as far as necessary to safeguard the
western hemisphere. He said United
States fighting ships may legally en
ter combat zones fixed under the
Neutrality Act.
The President said only merchant
ships are barred from combat areas,
and emphatically stated his ex
planation did not mean naval craft
were to be sent into these danger
zones.
He refused to say how far into the
seven seas —the all-inclusive area
into which he has declared the patrol
would be sent, if necessary—units of
the patrol now are operating to cre
ate a safe lane for war shipments to
Great Britain.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief
of naval operations, said in an ad
dress to the Chamber of Commerce
of the United States, units of the
patrol already are operating as far
as 2000 miles in the Atlantic.
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today reaffirmed
his determination to extend opera
tions of the naval neutrality patrol
as far as necessary to safeguard the
western hemisphere. He said United
States fighting ships may legally en
ter combat zones fixed under the
Neutrality Act.
The President said only merchant
ships are barred from combat areas,
and emphatically stated his ex
planation did not mean naval craft
were to be sent into these danger
zones.
He refused to say how far into the
seven seas —the all-inclusive area
into which he has declared the patrol
would be sent, if necessary—units of
the patrol now are operating to cre
ate a safe lane for war shipments to
Great Britain.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief
of naval operations, said in an ad
dress to the Chamber of Commerce
of the United States, units of the
patrol already are operating as far
as 2000 miles in the Atlantic.
