# MARILYN FREER ELECTED
## 
### 
Marilyn Freer was elected secre
tary-treasurer of Vocom yesterday.
Marilyn Freer was elected secre
tary-treasurer of Vocom yesterday.
Marilyn Freer was elected secre
tary-treasurer of Vocom yesterday.
Marilyn Freer was elected secre
tary-treasurer of Vocom yesterday.
Marilyn Freer was elected secre
tary-treasurer of Vocom yesterday.
Marilyn Freer was elected secre
tary-treasurer of Vocom yesterday.
Marilyn Freer was elected secre
tary-treasurer of Vocom yesterday.
Marilyn Freer was elected secre
tary-treasurer of Vocom yesterday.
Marilyn Freer was elected secre
tary-treasurer of Vocom yesterday.
Marilyn Freer was elected secre
tary-treasurer of Vocom yesterday.
Marilyn Freer was elected secre
tary-treasurer of Vocom yesterday.
Marilyn Freer was elected secre
tary-treasurer of Vocom yesterday.
Marilyn Freer was elected secre
tary-treasurer of Vocom yesterday.
Marilyn Freer was elected secre
tary-treasurer of Vocom yesterday.
Marilyn Freer was elected secre
tary-treasurer of Vocom yesterday.
Marilyn Freer was elected secre
tary-treasurer of Vocom yesterday.
