# REPUBLICAN CHALLENGE
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15 (UP).
Republican National Chairman Car
roll Recce flung the blame for the*
meat crisis back at President Tru
man's administration tonight and
challenged the Democrats to make
meat and all other forms of govern
mental control an issue in the Nov.
5 elections.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15 (UP).
Republican National Chairman Car
roll Recce flung the blame for the*
meat crisis back at President Tru
man's administration tonight and
challenged the Democrats to make
meat and all other forms of govern
mental control an issue in the Nov.
5 elections.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15 (UP).
Republican National Chairman Car
roll Recce flung the blame for the*
meat crisis back at President Tru
man's administration tonight and
challenged the Democrats to make
meat and all other forms of govern
mental control an issue in the Nov.
5 elections.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15 (UP).
Republican National Chairman Car
roll Recce flung the blame for the*
meat crisis back at President Tru
man's administration tonight and
challenged the Democrats to make
meat and all other forms of govern
mental control an issue in the Nov.
5 elections.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15 (UP).
Republican National Chairman Car
roll Recce flung the blame for the*
meat crisis back at President Tru
man's administration tonight and
challenged the Democrats to make
meat and all other forms of govern
mental control an issue in the Nov.
5 elections.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15 (UP).
Republican National Chairman Car
roll Recce flung the blame for the*
meat crisis back at President Tru
man's administration tonight and
challenged the Democrats to make
meat and all other forms of govern
mental control an issue in the Nov.
5 elections.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15 (UP).
Republican National Chairman Car
roll Recce flung the blame for the*
meat crisis back at President Tru
man's administration tonight and
challenged the Democrats to make
meat and all other forms of govern
mental control an issue in the Nov.
5 elections.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15 (UP).
Republican National Chairman Car
roll Recce flung the blame for the*
meat crisis back at President Tru
man's administration tonight and
challenged the Democrats to make
meat and all other forms of govern
mental control an issue in the Nov.
5 elections.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15 (UP).
Republican National Chairman Car
roll Recce flung the blame for the*
meat crisis back at President Tru
man's administration tonight and
challenged the Democrats to make
meat and all other forms of govern
mental control an issue in the Nov.
5 elections.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15 (UP).
Republican National Chairman Car
roll Recce flung the blame for the*
meat crisis back at President Tru
man's administration tonight and
challenged the Democrats to make
meat and all other forms of govern
mental control an issue in the Nov.
5 elections.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15 (UP).
Republican National Chairman Car
roll Recce flung the blame for the*
meat crisis back at President Tru
man's administration tonight and
challenged the Democrats to make
meat and all other forms of govern
mental control an issue in the Nov.
5 elections.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15 (UP).
Republican National Chairman Car
roll Recce flung the blame for the*
meat crisis back at President Tru
man's administration tonight and
challenged the Democrats to make
meat and all other forms of govern
mental control an issue in the Nov.
5 elections.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15 (UP).
Republican National Chairman Car
roll Recce flung the blame for the*
meat crisis back at President Tru
man's administration tonight and
challenged the Democrats to make
meat and all other forms of govern
mental control an issue in the Nov.
5 elections.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15 (UP).
Republican National Chairman Car
roll Recce flung the blame for the*
meat crisis back at President Tru
man's administration tonight and
challenged the Democrats to make
meat and all other forms of govern
mental control an issue in the Nov.
5 elections.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15 (UP).
Republican National Chairman Car
roll Recce flung the blame for the*
meat crisis back at President Tru
man's administration tonight and
challenged the Democrats to make
meat and all other forms of govern
mental control an issue in the Nov.
5 elections.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15 (UP).
Republican National Chairman Car
roll Recce flung the blame for the*
meat crisis back at President Tru
man's administration tonight and
challenged the Democrats to make
meat and all other forms of govern
mental control an issue in the Nov.
5 elections.
