# DEBATERS TO HOLD TRYOUTS FRIDAY
## 
### 
Debating tryouts for the spring quar
ter will be held in the Little Theatre
on Friday of this week, April 9, on the
Question, "Resolved, That the United
States should he given a mandatory over
Mexico." A team of three will be se
lected from those trying out, to debate
a trio at both Occidental College and
the University of Southern California on
May 14 and 15. The tryoutees will be
given five minutes for constructive ar
gument and three minutes for refutation.
Tryouts will begin promptly at 2:30.
Debating tryouts for the spring quar
ter will be held in the Little Theatre
on Friday of this week, April 9, on the
Question, "Resolved, That the United
States should he given a mandatory over
Mexico." A team of three will be se
lected from those trying out, to debate
a trio at both Occidental College and
the University of Southern California on
May 14 and 15. The tryoutees will be
given five minutes for constructive ar
gument and three minutes for refutation.
Tryouts will begin promptly at 2:30.
Debating tryouts for the spring quar
ter will be held in the Little Theatre
on Friday of this week, April 9, on the
Question, "Resolved, That the United
States should he given a mandatory over
Mexico." A team of three will be se
lected from those trying out, to debate
a trio at both Occidental College and
the University of Southern California on
May 14 and 15. The tryoutees will be
given five minutes for constructive ar
gument and three minutes for refutation.
Tryouts will begin promptly at 2:30.
Debating tryouts for the spring quar
ter will be held in the Little Theatre
on Friday of this week, April 9, on the
Question, "Resolved, That the United
States should he given a mandatory over
Mexico." A team of three will be se
lected from those trying out, to debate
a trio at both Occidental College and
the University of Southern California on
May 14 and 15. The tryoutees will be
given five minutes for constructive ar
gument and three minutes for refutation.
Tryouts will begin promptly at 2:30.
Debating tryouts for the spring quar
ter will be held in the Little Theatre
on Friday of this week, April 9, on the
Question, "Resolved, That the United
States should he given a mandatory over
Mexico." A team of three will be se
lected from those trying out, to debate
a trio at both Occidental College and
the University of Southern California on
May 14 and 15. The tryoutees will be
given five minutes for constructive ar
gument and three minutes for refutation.
Tryouts will begin promptly at 2:30.
Debating tryouts for the spring quar
ter will be held in the Little Theatre
on Friday of this week, April 9, on the
Question, "Resolved, That the United
States should he given a mandatory over
Mexico." A team of three will be se
lected from those trying out, to debate
a trio at both Occidental College and
the University of Southern California on
May 14 and 15. The tryoutees will be
given five minutes for constructive ar
gument and three minutes for refutation.
Tryouts will begin promptly at 2:30.
Debating tryouts for the spring quar
ter will be held in the Little Theatre
on Friday of this week, April 9, on the
Question, "Resolved, That the United
States should he given a mandatory over
Mexico." A team of three will be se
lected from those trying out, to debate
a trio at both Occidental College and
the University of Southern California on
May 14 and 15. The tryoutees will be
given five minutes for constructive ar
gument and three minutes for refutation.
Tryouts will begin promptly at 2:30.
Debating tryouts for the spring quar
ter will be held in the Little Theatre
on Friday of this week, April 9, on the
Question, "Resolved, That the United
States should he given a mandatory over
Mexico." A team of three will be se
lected from those trying out, to debate
a trio at both Occidental College and
the University of Southern California on
May 14 and 15. The tryoutees will be
given five minutes for constructive ar
gument and three minutes for refutation.
Tryouts will begin promptly at 2:30.
Debating tryouts for the spring quar
ter will be held in the Little Theatre
on Friday of this week, April 9, on the
Question, "Resolved, That the United
States should he given a mandatory over
Mexico." A team of three will be se
lected from those trying out, to debate
a trio at both Occidental College and
the University of Southern California on
May 14 and 15. The tryoutees will be
given five minutes for constructive ar
gument and three minutes for refutation.
Tryouts will begin promptly at 2:30.
Debating tryouts for the spring quar
ter will be held in the Little Theatre
on Friday of this week, April 9, on the
Question, "Resolved, That the United
States should he given a mandatory over
Mexico." A team of three will be se
lected from those trying out, to debate
a trio at both Occidental College and
the University of Southern California on
May 14 and 15. The tryoutees will be
given five minutes for constructive ar
gument and three minutes for refutation.
Tryouts will begin promptly at 2:30.
Debating tryouts for the spring quar
ter will be held in the Little Theatre
on Friday of this week, April 9, on the
Question, "Resolved, That the United
States should he given a mandatory over
Mexico." A team of three will be se
lected from those trying out, to debate
a trio at both Occidental College and
the University of Southern California on
May 14 and 15. The tryoutees will be
given five minutes for constructive ar
gument and three minutes for refutation.
Tryouts will begin promptly at 2:30.
Debating tryouts for the spring quar
ter will be held in the Little Theatre
on Friday of this week, April 9, on the
Question, "Resolved, That the United
States should he given a mandatory over
Mexico." A team of three will be se
lected from those trying out, to debate
a trio at both Occidental College and
the University of Southern California on
May 14 and 15. The tryoutees will be
given five minutes for constructive ar
gument and three minutes for refutation.
Tryouts will begin promptly at 2:30.
