# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
y-w*"' " •. ■ w" 1
Dress slacks
even a steamroller
can't wrinkle!
They're Haggar Forever
Prest Plus —55% Dacron''
polyester-45% worsted
wool with permanent press.
The crease stays crisp. Can
be dry-cleaned in coin
operated machine. No .
pressing needed. Also may
be machine washed and
dried. They're the most
wrinkle-resistant dress
slacks ever tailored! 1200
335 UNIVERSITY
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
y-w*"' " •. ■ w" 1
Dress slacks
even a steamroller
can't wrinkle!
They're Haggar Forever
Prest Plus —55% Dacron''
polyester-45% worsted
wool with permanent press.
The crease stays crisp. Can
be dry-cleaned in coin
operated machine. No .
pressing needed. Also may
be machine washed and
dried. They're the most
wrinkle-resistant dress
slacks ever tailored! 1200
335 UNIVERSITY
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
y-w*"' " •. ■ w" 1
Dress slacks
even a steamroller
can't wrinkle!
They're Haggar Forever
Prest Plus —55% Dacron''
polyester-45% worsted
wool with permanent press.
The crease stays crisp. Can
be dry-cleaned in coin
operated machine. No .
pressing needed. Also may
be machine washed and
dried. They're the most
wrinkle-resistant dress
slacks ever tailored! 1200
335 UNIVERSITY
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
y-w*"' " •. ■ w" 1
Dress slacks
even a steamroller
can't wrinkle!
They're Haggar Forever
Prest Plus —55% Dacron''
polyester-45% worsted
wool with permanent press.
The crease stays crisp. Can
be dry-cleaned in coin
operated machine. No .
pressing needed. Also may
be machine washed and
dried. They're the most
wrinkle-resistant dress
slacks ever tailored! 1200
335 UNIVERSITY
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
y-w*"' " •. ■ w" 1
Dress slacks
even a steamroller
can't wrinkle!
They're Haggar Forever
Prest Plus —55% Dacron''
polyester-45% worsted
wool with permanent press.
The crease stays crisp. Can
be dry-cleaned in coin
operated machine. No .
pressing needed. Also may
be machine washed and
dried. They're the most
wrinkle-resistant dress
slacks ever tailored! 1200
335 UNIVERSITY
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
y-w*"' " •. ■ w" 1
Dress slacks
even a steamroller
can't wrinkle!
They're Haggar Forever
Prest Plus —55% Dacron''
polyester-45% worsted
wool with permanent press.
The crease stays crisp. Can
be dry-cleaned in coin
operated machine. No .
pressing needed. Also may
be machine washed and
dried. They're the most
wrinkle-resistant dress
slacks ever tailored! 1200
335 UNIVERSITY
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
y-w*"' " •. ■ w" 1
Dress slacks
even a steamroller
can't wrinkle!
They're Haggar Forever
Prest Plus —55% Dacron''
polyester-45% worsted
wool with permanent press.
The crease stays crisp. Can
be dry-cleaned in coin
operated machine. No .
pressing needed. Also may
be machine washed and
dried. They're the most
wrinkle-resistant dress
slacks ever tailored! 1200
335 UNIVERSITY
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
y-w*"' " •. ■ w" 1
Dress slacks
even a steamroller
can't wrinkle!
They're Haggar Forever
Prest Plus —55% Dacron''
polyester-45% worsted
wool with permanent press.
The crease stays crisp. Can
be dry-cleaned in coin
operated machine. No .
pressing needed. Also may
be machine washed and
dried. They're the most
wrinkle-resistant dress
slacks ever tailored! 1200
335 UNIVERSITY
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
y-w*"' " •. ■ w" 1
Dress slacks
even a steamroller
can't wrinkle!
They're Haggar Forever
Prest Plus —55% Dacron''
polyester-45% worsted
wool with permanent press.
The crease stays crisp. Can
be dry-cleaned in coin
operated machine. No .
pressing needed. Also may
be machine washed and
dried. They're the most
wrinkle-resistant dress
slacks ever tailored! 1200
335 UNIVERSITY
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
y-w*"' " •. ■ w" 1
Dress slacks
even a steamroller
can't wrinkle!
They're Haggar Forever
Prest Plus —55% Dacron''
polyester-45% worsted
wool with permanent press.
The crease stays crisp. Can
be dry-cleaned in coin
operated machine. No .
pressing needed. Also may
be machine washed and
dried. They're the most
wrinkle-resistant dress
slacks ever tailored! 1200
335 UNIVERSITY
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
y-w*"' " •. ■ w" 1
Dress slacks
even a steamroller
can't wrinkle!
They're Haggar Forever
Prest Plus —55% Dacron''
polyester-45% worsted
wool with permanent press.
The crease stays crisp. Can
be dry-cleaned in coin
operated machine. No .
pressing needed. Also may
be machine washed and
dried. They're the most
wrinkle-resistant dress
slacks ever tailored! 1200
335 UNIVERSITY
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
y-w*"' " •. ■ w" 1
Dress slacks
even a steamroller
can't wrinkle!
They're Haggar Forever
Prest Plus —55% Dacron''
polyester-45% worsted
wool with permanent press.
The crease stays crisp. Can
be dry-cleaned in coin
operated machine. No .
pressing needed. Also may
be machine washed and
dried. They're the most
wrinkle-resistant dress
slacks ever tailored! 1200
335 UNIVERSITY
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
y-w*"' " •. ■ w" 1
Dress slacks
even a steamroller
can't wrinkle!
They're Haggar Forever
Prest Plus —55% Dacron''
polyester-45% worsted
wool with permanent press.
The crease stays crisp. Can
be dry-cleaned in coin
operated machine. No .
pressing needed. Also may
be machine washed and
dried. They're the most
wrinkle-resistant dress
slacks ever tailored! 1200
335 UNIVERSITY
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
y-w*"' " •. ■ w" 1
Dress slacks
even a steamroller
can't wrinkle!
They're Haggar Forever
Prest Plus —55% Dacron''
polyester-45% worsted
wool with permanent press.
The crease stays crisp. Can
be dry-cleaned in coin
operated machine. No .
pressing needed. Also may
be machine washed and
dried. They're the most
wrinkle-resistant dress
slacks ever tailored! 1200
335 UNIVERSITY
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
