# Candy Swindlers
## 
### 
Recently the San Francisco
Chronicle revealed that many
shady individuals were using the
name of the Mission Rebels (a
non-profit San Francisco group)
to sell candies and mints.
Although the "Rebels" sell the
candy to provide young blacks
with jobs and to fund their
organization, many individuals
have been able to exploit very
young blacks, getting them to
solicit in the name of the
"Rebels" but keeping the
proceeds for themselves.
A group of these people have
been operating door-to-door
solicitations at Stanford since the
begining of the year, claiming
they were part of the Mission
Rebels. Last week, when the
Rebels suspended their sales
because of this problem, the
Stanford group was back, this
time claiming they were part of
the Mission Youth Organization.
Recently the San Francisco
Chronicle revealed that many
shady individuals were using the
name of the Mission Rebels (a
non-profit San Francisco group)
to sell candies and mints.
Although the "Rebels" sell the
candy to provide young blacks
with jobs and to fund their
organization, many individuals
have been able to exploit very
young blacks, getting them to
solicit in the name of the
"Rebels" but keeping the
proceeds for themselves.
A group of these people have
been operating door-to-door
solicitations at Stanford since the
begining of the year, claiming
they were part of the Mission
Rebels. Last week, when the
Rebels suspended their sales
because of this problem, the
Stanford group was back, this
time claiming they were part of
the Mission Youth Organization.
Recently the San Francisco
Chronicle revealed that many
shady individuals were using the
name of the Mission Rebels (a
non-profit San Francisco group)
to sell candies and mints.
Although the "Rebels" sell the
candy to provide young blacks
with jobs and to fund their
organization, many individuals
have been able to exploit very
young blacks, getting them to
solicit in the name of the
"Rebels" but keeping the
proceeds for themselves.
A group of these people have
been operating door-to-door
solicitations at Stanford since the
begining of the year, claiming
they were part of the Mission
Rebels. Last week, when the
Rebels suspended their sales
because of this problem, the
Stanford group was back, this
time claiming they were part of
the Mission Youth Organization.
Recently the San Francisco
Chronicle revealed that many
shady individuals were using the
name of the Mission Rebels (a
non-profit San Francisco group)
to sell candies and mints.
Although the "Rebels" sell the
candy to provide young blacks
with jobs and to fund their
organization, many individuals
have been able to exploit very
young blacks, getting them to
solicit in the name of the
"Rebels" but keeping the
proceeds for themselves.
A group of these people have
been operating door-to-door
solicitations at Stanford since the
begining of the year, claiming
they were part of the Mission
Rebels. Last week, when the
Rebels suspended their sales
because of this problem, the
Stanford group was back, this
time claiming they were part of
the Mission Youth Organization.
Recently the San Francisco
Chronicle revealed that many
shady individuals were using the
name of the Mission Rebels (a
non-profit San Francisco group)
to sell candies and mints.
Although the "Rebels" sell the
candy to provide young blacks
with jobs and to fund their
organization, many individuals
have been able to exploit very
young blacks, getting them to
solicit in the name of the
"Rebels" but keeping the
proceeds for themselves.
A group of these people have
been operating door-to-door
solicitations at Stanford since the
begining of the year, claiming
they were part of the Mission
Rebels. Last week, when the
Rebels suspended their sales
because of this problem, the
Stanford group was back, this
time claiming they were part of
the Mission Youth Organization.
Recently the San Francisco
Chronicle revealed that many
shady individuals were using the
name of the Mission Rebels (a
non-profit San Francisco group)
to sell candies and mints.
Although the "Rebels" sell the
candy to provide young blacks
with jobs and to fund their
organization, many individuals
have been able to exploit very
young blacks, getting them to
solicit in the name of the
"Rebels" but keeping the
proceeds for themselves.
A group of these people have
been operating door-to-door
solicitations at Stanford since the
begining of the year, claiming
they were part of the Mission
Rebels. Last week, when the
Rebels suspended their sales
because of this problem, the
Stanford group was back, this
time claiming they were part of
the Mission Youth Organization.
Recently the San Francisco
Chronicle revealed that many
shady individuals were using the
name of the Mission Rebels (a
non-profit San Francisco group)
to sell candies and mints.
Although the "Rebels" sell the
candy to provide young blacks
with jobs and to fund their
organization, many individuals
have been able to exploit very
young blacks, getting them to
solicit in the name of the
"Rebels" but keeping the
proceeds for themselves.
A group of these people have
been operating door-to-door
solicitations at Stanford since the
begining of the year, claiming
they were part of the Mission
Rebels. Last week, when the
Rebels suspended their sales
because of this problem, the
Stanford group was back, this
time claiming they were part of
the Mission Youth Organization.
Recently the San Francisco
Chronicle revealed that many
shady individuals were using the
name of the Mission Rebels (a
non-profit San Francisco group)
to sell candies and mints.
Although the "Rebels" sell the
candy to provide young blacks
with jobs and to fund their
organization, many individuals
have been able to exploit very
young blacks, getting them to
solicit in the name of the
"Rebels" but keeping the
proceeds for themselves.
A group of these people have
been operating door-to-door
solicitations at Stanford since the
begining of the year, claiming
they were part of the Mission
Rebels. Last week, when the
Rebels suspended their sales
because of this problem, the
Stanford group was back, this
time claiming they were part of
the Mission Youth Organization.
Recently the San Francisco
Chronicle revealed that many
shady individuals were using the
name of the Mission Rebels (a
non-profit San Francisco group)
to sell candies and mints.
Although the "Rebels" sell the
candy to provide young blacks
with jobs and to fund their
organization, many individuals
have been able to exploit very
young blacks, getting them to
solicit in the name of the
"Rebels" but keeping the
proceeds for themselves.
A group of these people have
been operating door-to-door
solicitations at Stanford since the
begining of the year, claiming
they were part of the Mission
Rebels. Last week, when the
Rebels suspended their sales
because of this problem, the
Stanford group was back, this
time claiming they were part of
the Mission Youth Organization.
Recently the San Francisco
Chronicle revealed that many
shady individuals were using the
name of the Mission Rebels (a
non-profit San Francisco group)
to sell candies and mints.
Although the "Rebels" sell the
candy to provide young blacks
with jobs and to fund their
organization, many individuals
have been able to exploit very
young blacks, getting them to
solicit in the name of the
"Rebels" but keeping the
proceeds for themselves.
A group of these people have
been operating door-to-door
solicitations at Stanford since the
begining of the year, claiming
they were part of the Mission
Rebels. Last week, when the
Rebels suspended their sales
because of this problem, the
Stanford group was back, this
time claiming they were part of
the Mission Youth Organization.
Recently the San Francisco
Chronicle revealed that many
shady individuals were using the
name of the Mission Rebels (a
non-profit San Francisco group)
to sell candies and mints.
Although the "Rebels" sell the
candy to provide young blacks
with jobs and to fund their
organization, many individuals
have been able to exploit very
young blacks, getting them to
solicit in the name of the
"Rebels" but keeping the
proceeds for themselves.
A group of these people have
been operating door-to-door
solicitations at Stanford since the
begining of the year, claiming
they were part of the Mission
Rebels. Last week, when the
Rebels suspended their sales
because of this problem, the
Stanford group was back, this
time claiming they were part of
the Mission Youth Organization.
Recently the San Francisco
Chronicle revealed that many
shady individuals were using the
name of the Mission Rebels (a
non-profit San Francisco group)
to sell candies and mints.
Although the "Rebels" sell the
candy to provide young blacks
with jobs and to fund their
organization, many individuals
have been able to exploit very
young blacks, getting them to
solicit in the name of the
"Rebels" but keeping the
proceeds for themselves.
A group of these people have
been operating door-to-door
solicitations at Stanford since the
begining of the year, claiming
they were part of the Mission
Rebels. Last week, when the
Rebels suspended their sales
because of this problem, the
Stanford group was back, this
time claiming they were part of
the Mission Youth Organization.
Recently the San Francisco
Chronicle revealed that many
shady individuals were using the
name of the Mission Rebels (a
non-profit San Francisco group)
to sell candies and mints.
Although the "Rebels" sell the
candy to provide young blacks
with jobs and to fund their
organization, many individuals
have been able to exploit very
young blacks, getting them to
solicit in the name of the
"Rebels" but keeping the
proceeds for themselves.
A group of these people have
been operating door-to-door
solicitations at Stanford since the
begining of the year, claiming
they were part of the Mission
Rebels. Last week, when the
Rebels suspended their sales
because of this problem, the
Stanford group was back, this
time claiming they were part of
the Mission Youth Organization.
Recently the San Francisco
Chronicle revealed that many
shady individuals were using the
name of the Mission Rebels (a
non-profit San Francisco group)
to sell candies and mints.
Although the "Rebels" sell the
candy to provide young blacks
with jobs and to fund their
organization, many individuals
have been able to exploit very
young blacks, getting them to
solicit in the name of the
"Rebels" but keeping the
proceeds for themselves.
A group of these people have
been operating door-to-door
solicitations at Stanford since the
begining of the year, claiming
they were part of the Mission
Rebels. Last week, when the
Rebels suspended their sales
because of this problem, the
Stanford group was back, this
time claiming they were part of
the Mission Youth Organization.
