# Frankly Speaking
## 
### 

Here's the deal-We'll release the dean, j
evacuate the administration offices,and
won't burn any more buildings if they'll
have the pop machine fixed!

Here's the deal-We'll release the dean, j
evacuate the administration offices,and
won't burn any more buildings if they'll
have the pop machine fixed!

Here's the deal-We'll release the dean, j
evacuate the administration offices,and
won't burn any more buildings if they'll
have the pop machine fixed!

Here's the deal-We'll release the dean, j
evacuate the administration offices,and
won't burn any more buildings if they'll
have the pop machine fixed!

Here's the deal-We'll release the dean, j
evacuate the administration offices,and
won't burn any more buildings if they'll
have the pop machine fixed!

Here's the deal-We'll release the dean, j
evacuate the administration offices,and
won't burn any more buildings if they'll
have the pop machine fixed!

Here's the deal-We'll release the dean, j
evacuate the administration offices,and
won't burn any more buildings if they'll
have the pop machine fixed!

Here's the deal-We'll release the dean, j
evacuate the administration offices,and
won't burn any more buildings if they'll
have the pop machine fixed!

Here's the deal-We'll release the dean, j
evacuate the administration offices,and
won't burn any more buildings if they'll
have the pop machine fixed!

Here's the deal-We'll release the dean, j
evacuate the administration offices,and
won't burn any more buildings if they'll
have the pop machine fixed!

Here's the deal-We'll release the dean, j
evacuate the administration offices,and
won't burn any more buildings if they'll
have the pop machine fixed!

Here's the deal-We'll release the dean, j
evacuate the administration offices,and
won't burn any more buildings if they'll
have the pop machine fixed!

Here's the deal-We'll release the dean, j
evacuate the administration offices,and
won't burn any more buildings if they'll
have the pop machine fixed!

Here's the deal-We'll release the dean, j
evacuate the administration offices,and
won't burn any more buildings if they'll
have the pop machine fixed!
