# California Defeats Santa Clara.
## 
### 
In the last game 'hat the California
freshmen will play before the inter
collegiate game next Saturday, the
Blue and Gold defeated the Santa
Clara fifteen by a score of 16 to 0.
The contest was fast and snappy
throughout, while the playing showed
a marked improvement over the pre
vious work by the first-year men.
Gabriel and Abbott were the stars of
the game.
In the last game 'hat the California
freshmen will play before the inter
collegiate game next Saturday, the
Blue and Gold defeated the Santa
Clara fifteen by a score of 16 to 0.
The contest was fast and snappy
throughout, while the playing showed
a marked improvement over the pre
vious work by the first-year men.
Gabriel and Abbott were the stars of
the game.
In the last game 'hat the California
freshmen will play before the inter
collegiate game next Saturday, the
Blue and Gold defeated the Santa
Clara fifteen by a score of 16 to 0.
The contest was fast and snappy
throughout, while the playing showed
a marked improvement over the pre
vious work by the first-year men.
Gabriel and Abbott were the stars of
the game.
In the last game 'hat the California
freshmen will play before the inter
collegiate game next Saturday, the
Blue and Gold defeated the Santa
Clara fifteen by a score of 16 to 0.
The contest was fast and snappy
throughout, while the playing showed
a marked improvement over the pre
vious work by the first-year men.
Gabriel and Abbott were the stars of
the game.
In the last game 'hat the California
freshmen will play before the inter
collegiate game next Saturday, the
Blue and Gold defeated the Santa
Clara fifteen by a score of 16 to 0.
The contest was fast and snappy
throughout, while the playing showed
a marked improvement over the pre
vious work by the first-year men.
Gabriel and Abbott were the stars of
the game.
In the last game 'hat the California
freshmen will play before the inter
collegiate game next Saturday, the
Blue and Gold defeated the Santa
Clara fifteen by a score of 16 to 0.
The contest was fast and snappy
throughout, while the playing showed
a marked improvement over the pre
vious work by the first-year men.
Gabriel and Abbott were the stars of
the game.
In the last game 'hat the California
freshmen will play before the inter
collegiate game next Saturday, the
Blue and Gold defeated the Santa
Clara fifteen by a score of 16 to 0.
The contest was fast and snappy
throughout, while the playing showed
a marked improvement over the pre
vious work by the first-year men.
Gabriel and Abbott were the stars of
the game.
In the last game 'hat the California
freshmen will play before the inter
collegiate game next Saturday, the
Blue and Gold defeated the Santa
Clara fifteen by a score of 16 to 0.
The contest was fast and snappy
throughout, while the playing showed
a marked improvement over the pre
vious work by the first-year men.
Gabriel and Abbott were the stars of
the game.
In the last game 'hat the California
freshmen will play before the inter
collegiate game next Saturday, the
Blue and Gold defeated the Santa
Clara fifteen by a score of 16 to 0.
The contest was fast and snappy
throughout, while the playing showed
a marked improvement over the pre
vious work by the first-year men.
Gabriel and Abbott were the stars of
the game.
In the last game 'hat the California
freshmen will play before the inter
collegiate game next Saturday, the
Blue and Gold defeated the Santa
Clara fifteen by a score of 16 to 0.
The contest was fast and snappy
throughout, while the playing showed
a marked improvement over the pre
vious work by the first-year men.
Gabriel and Abbott were the stars of
the game.
