# Zoology Club Will Meet Saturday.
## 
### 
The Zoology Club will hold its last
meeting of the present semester next
Saturday evening. Professor Sny
der will deliver a talk on the meth
ods employed by the United States
Fish Commission Steamer "Alba
tross," in deep-sea Investigations.
Lantern slides illustrating the var
ious kinds of collecting apparatus
sei and some o; the deep-sea ani
mals obtained by the "Albatross" in
various parts of the Pacific Ocean,
will be shown.
The Zoology Club will hold its last
meeting of the present semester next
Saturday evening. Professor Sny
der will deliver a talk on the meth
ods employed by the United States
Fish Commission Steamer "Alba
tross," in deep-sea Investigations.
Lantern slides illustrating the var
ious kinds of collecting apparatus
sei and some o; the deep-sea ani
mals obtained by the "Albatross" in
various parts of the Pacific Ocean,
will be shown.
The Zoology Club will hold its last
meeting of the present semester next
Saturday evening. Professor Sny
der will deliver a talk on the meth
ods employed by the United States
Fish Commission Steamer "Alba
tross," in deep-sea Investigations.
Lantern slides illustrating the var
ious kinds of collecting apparatus
sei and some o; the deep-sea ani
mals obtained by the "Albatross" in
various parts of the Pacific Ocean,
will be shown.
The Zoology Club will hold its last
meeting of the present semester next
Saturday evening. Professor Sny
der will deliver a talk on the meth
ods employed by the United States
Fish Commission Steamer "Alba
tross," in deep-sea Investigations.
Lantern slides illustrating the var
ious kinds of collecting apparatus
sei and some o; the deep-sea ani
mals obtained by the "Albatross" in
various parts of the Pacific Ocean,
will be shown.
The Zoology Club will hold its last
meeting of the present semester next
Saturday evening. Professor Sny
der will deliver a talk on the meth
ods employed by the United States
Fish Commission Steamer "Alba
tross," in deep-sea Investigations.
Lantern slides illustrating the var
ious kinds of collecting apparatus
sei and some o; the deep-sea ani
mals obtained by the "Albatross" in
various parts of the Pacific Ocean,
will be shown.
The Zoology Club will hold its last
meeting of the present semester next
Saturday evening. Professor Sny
der will deliver a talk on the meth
ods employed by the United States
Fish Commission Steamer "Alba
tross," in deep-sea Investigations.
Lantern slides illustrating the var
ious kinds of collecting apparatus
sei and some o; the deep-sea ani
mals obtained by the "Albatross" in
various parts of the Pacific Ocean,
will be shown.
The Zoology Club will hold its last
meeting of the present semester next
Saturday evening. Professor Sny
der will deliver a talk on the meth
ods employed by the United States
Fish Commission Steamer "Alba
tross," in deep-sea Investigations.
Lantern slides illustrating the var
ious kinds of collecting apparatus
sei and some o; the deep-sea ani
mals obtained by the "Albatross" in
various parts of the Pacific Ocean,
will be shown.
The Zoology Club will hold its last
meeting of the present semester next
Saturday evening. Professor Sny
der will deliver a talk on the meth
ods employed by the United States
Fish Commission Steamer "Alba
tross," in deep-sea Investigations.
Lantern slides illustrating the var
ious kinds of collecting apparatus
sei and some o; the deep-sea ani
mals obtained by the "Albatross" in
various parts of the Pacific Ocean,
will be shown.
The Zoology Club will hold its last
meeting of the present semester next
Saturday evening. Professor Sny
der will deliver a talk on the meth
ods employed by the United States
Fish Commission Steamer "Alba
tross," in deep-sea Investigations.
Lantern slides illustrating the var
ious kinds of collecting apparatus
sei and some o; the deep-sea ani
mals obtained by the "Albatross" in
various parts of the Pacific Ocean,
will be shown.
