# Scene at Stanford
## 
### 
People. Because when it's Week 7 we
need a reason to remember why we're
here. See more of what these kids are
up to at www.sceneatstanford.com.



Photography by Anthony So



People. Because when it's Week 7 we
need a reason to remember why we're
here. See more of what these kids are
up to at www.sceneatstanford.com.



Photography by Anthony So



People. Because when it's Week 7 we
need a reason to remember why we're
here. See more of what these kids are
up to at www.sceneatstanford.com.



Photography by Anthony So



People. Because when it's Week 7 we
need a reason to remember why we're
here. See more of what these kids are
up to at www.sceneatstanford.com.



Photography by Anthony So



People. Because when it's Week 7 we
need a reason to remember why we're
here. See more of what these kids are
up to at www.sceneatstanford.com.



Photography by Anthony So



People. Because when it's Week 7 we
need a reason to remember why we're
here. See more of what these kids are
up to at www.sceneatstanford.com.



Photography by Anthony So



People. Because when it's Week 7 we
need a reason to remember why we're
here. See more of what these kids are
up to at www.sceneatstanford.com.



Photography by Anthony So



