# Adv. 1 Page 2
## 
### 
SHAMPOOING
Treatment for Falling Hair, Dand
ruff and Scalp Trouble. Facial
Massage.
Cfl Shampooing, 50c. Electric
treatments. Toilet Articles
COLONIAL INSTITUTE
OF HAIR CULTURE
MRS. DIFANI
S'U Kipling: Street
Phone 271X. Bet. Homer & Channing
Rough Necks
Frat Men
Queeners
Holdovers
Fussers
Pee Gees
with
CLASS
for
Specials
Seniors
Juniors
Varsity
Tailor
SHAMPOOING
Treatment for Falling Hair, Dand
ruff and Scalp Trouble. Facial
Massage.
Cfl Shampooing, 50c. Electric
treatments. Toilet Articles
COLONIAL INSTITUTE
OF HAIR CULTURE
MRS. DIFANI
S'U Kipling: Street
Phone 271X. Bet. Homer & Channing
Rough Necks
Frat Men
Queeners
Holdovers
Fussers
Pee Gees
with
CLASS
for
Specials
Seniors
Juniors
Varsity
Tailor
SHAMPOOING
Treatment for Falling Hair, Dand
ruff and Scalp Trouble. Facial
Massage.
Cfl Shampooing, 50c. Electric
treatments. Toilet Articles
COLONIAL INSTITUTE
OF HAIR CULTURE
MRS. DIFANI
S'U Kipling: Street
Phone 271X. Bet. Homer & Channing
Rough Necks
Frat Men
Queeners
Holdovers
Fussers
Pee Gees
with
CLASS
for
Specials
Seniors
Juniors
Varsity
Tailor
SHAMPOOING
Treatment for Falling Hair, Dand
ruff and Scalp Trouble. Facial
Massage.
Cfl Shampooing, 50c. Electric
treatments. Toilet Articles
COLONIAL INSTITUTE
OF HAIR CULTURE
MRS. DIFANI
S'U Kipling: Street
Phone 271X. Bet. Homer & Channing
Rough Necks
Frat Men
Queeners
Holdovers
Fussers
Pee Gees
with
CLASS
for
Specials
Seniors
Juniors
Varsity
Tailor
SHAMPOOING
Treatment for Falling Hair, Dand
ruff and Scalp Trouble. Facial
Massage.
Cfl Shampooing, 50c. Electric
treatments. Toilet Articles
COLONIAL INSTITUTE
OF HAIR CULTURE
MRS. DIFANI
S'U Kipling: Street
Phone 271X. Bet. Homer & Channing
Rough Necks
Frat Men
Queeners
Holdovers
Fussers
Pee Gees
with
CLASS
for
Specials
Seniors
Juniors
Varsity
Tailor
SHAMPOOING
Treatment for Falling Hair, Dand
ruff and Scalp Trouble. Facial
Massage.
Cfl Shampooing, 50c. Electric
treatments. Toilet Articles
COLONIAL INSTITUTE
OF HAIR CULTURE
MRS. DIFANI
S'U Kipling: Street
Phone 271X. Bet. Homer & Channing
Rough Necks
Frat Men
Queeners
Holdovers
Fussers
Pee Gees
with
CLASS
for
Specials
Seniors
Juniors
Varsity
Tailor
SHAMPOOING
Treatment for Falling Hair, Dand
ruff and Scalp Trouble. Facial
Massage.
Cfl Shampooing, 50c. Electric
treatments. Toilet Articles
COLONIAL INSTITUTE
OF HAIR CULTURE
MRS. DIFANI
S'U Kipling: Street
Phone 271X. Bet. Homer & Channing
Rough Necks
Frat Men
Queeners
Holdovers
Fussers
Pee Gees
with
CLASS
for
Specials
Seniors
Juniors
Varsity
Tailor
SHAMPOOING
Treatment for Falling Hair, Dand
ruff and Scalp Trouble. Facial
Massage.
Cfl Shampooing, 50c. Electric
treatments. Toilet Articles
COLONIAL INSTITUTE
OF HAIR CULTURE
MRS. DIFANI
S'U Kipling: Street
Phone 271X. Bet. Homer & Channing
Rough Necks
Frat Men
Queeners
Holdovers
Fussers
Pee Gees
with
CLASS
for
Specials
Seniors
Juniors
Varsity
Tailor
SHAMPOOING
Treatment for Falling Hair, Dand
ruff and Scalp Trouble. Facial
Massage.
Cfl Shampooing, 50c. Electric
treatments. Toilet Articles
COLONIAL INSTITUTE
OF HAIR CULTURE
MRS. DIFANI
S'U Kipling: Street
Phone 271X. Bet. Homer & Channing
Rough Necks
Frat Men
Queeners
Holdovers
Fussers
Pee Gees
with
CLASS
for
Specials
Seniors
Juniors
Varsity
Tailor
SHAMPOOING
Treatment for Falling Hair, Dand
ruff and Scalp Trouble. Facial
Massage.
Cfl Shampooing, 50c. Electric
treatments. Toilet Articles
COLONIAL INSTITUTE
OF HAIR CULTURE
MRS. DIFANI
S'U Kipling: Street
Phone 271X. Bet. Homer & Channing
Rough Necks
Frat Men
Queeners
Holdovers
Fussers
Pee Gees
with
CLASS
for
Specials
Seniors
Juniors
Varsity
Tailor
SHAMPOOING
Treatment for Falling Hair, Dand
ruff and Scalp Trouble. Facial
Massage.
Cfl Shampooing, 50c. Electric
treatments. Toilet Articles
COLONIAL INSTITUTE
OF HAIR CULTURE
MRS. DIFANI
S'U Kipling: Street
Phone 271X. Bet. Homer & Channing
Rough Necks
Frat Men
Queeners
Holdovers
Fussers
Pee Gees
with
CLASS
for
Specials
Seniors
Juniors
Varsity
Tailor
SHAMPOOING
Treatment for Falling Hair, Dand
ruff and Scalp Trouble. Facial
Massage.
Cfl Shampooing, 50c. Electric
treatments. Toilet Articles
COLONIAL INSTITUTE
OF HAIR CULTURE
MRS. DIFANI
S'U Kipling: Street
Phone 271X. Bet. Homer & Channing
Rough Necks
Frat Men
Queeners
Holdovers
Fussers
Pee Gees
with
CLASS
for
Specials
Seniors
Juniors
Varsity
Tailor
