# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Ciiitiiriiiii Cliurcli—Corner Chan
ning and Gowper. Clarence Reed,
minister. Subject of sermon next
Sunday, 11 a.m., will be "The In
dwelling God." Illustrated lecture,
7:30 p.m., subject "Moorish Spain,"
Ciiitiiriiiii Cliurcli—Corner Chan
ning and Gowper. Clarence Reed,
minister. Subject of sermon next
Sunday, 11 a.m., will be "The In
dwelling God." Illustrated lecture,
7:30 p.m., subject "Moorish Spain,"
Ciiitiiriiiii Cliurcli—Corner Chan
ning and Gowper. Clarence Reed,
minister. Subject of sermon next
Sunday, 11 a.m., will be "The In
dwelling God." Illustrated lecture,
7:30 p.m., subject "Moorish Spain,"
Ciiitiiriiiii Cliurcli—Corner Chan
ning and Gowper. Clarence Reed,
minister. Subject of sermon next
Sunday, 11 a.m., will be "The In
dwelling God." Illustrated lecture,
7:30 p.m., subject "Moorish Spain,"
Ciiitiiriiiii Cliurcli—Corner Chan
ning and Gowper. Clarence Reed,
minister. Subject of sermon next
Sunday, 11 a.m., will be "The In
dwelling God." Illustrated lecture,
7:30 p.m., subject "Moorish Spain,"
Ciiitiiriiiii Cliurcli—Corner Chan
ning and Gowper. Clarence Reed,
minister. Subject of sermon next
Sunday, 11 a.m., will be "The In
dwelling God." Illustrated lecture,
7:30 p.m., subject "Moorish Spain,"
Ciiitiiriiiii Cliurcli—Corner Chan
ning and Gowper. Clarence Reed,
minister. Subject of sermon next
Sunday, 11 a.m., will be "The In
dwelling God." Illustrated lecture,
7:30 p.m., subject "Moorish Spain,"
Ciiitiiriiiii Cliurcli—Corner Chan
ning and Gowper. Clarence Reed,
minister. Subject of sermon next
Sunday, 11 a.m., will be "The In
dwelling God." Illustrated lecture,
7:30 p.m., subject "Moorish Spain,"
Ciiitiiriiiii Cliurcli—Corner Chan
ning and Gowper. Clarence Reed,
minister. Subject of sermon next
Sunday, 11 a.m., will be "The In
dwelling God." Illustrated lecture,
7:30 p.m., subject "Moorish Spain,"
Ciiitiiriiiii Cliurcli—Corner Chan
ning and Gowper. Clarence Reed,
minister. Subject of sermon next
Sunday, 11 a.m., will be "The In
dwelling God." Illustrated lecture,
7:30 p.m., subject "Moorish Spain,"
Ciiitiiriiiii Cliurcli—Corner Chan
ning and Gowper. Clarence Reed,
minister. Subject of sermon next
Sunday, 11 a.m., will be "The In
dwelling God." Illustrated lecture,
7:30 p.m., subject "Moorish Spain,"
Ciiitiiriiiii Cliurcli—Corner Chan
ning and Gowper. Clarence Reed,
minister. Subject of sermon next
Sunday, 11 a.m., will be "The In
dwelling God." Illustrated lecture,
7:30 p.m., subject "Moorish Spain,"
