# CARDINAL SETTING URGED FOR THE CARNOT DEBATE.
## Meeting of Faculty Committee Friday Results in Decision on Literary Contest Questions. 
### 
Action taken by the intercollegiate
committee in voting to arrange with
ihe University of California to have
the Carnot debate held at Stanford on
Friday night, a week before the track
meet, was upheld by the faculty com
mittee at a meeting, Friday.
California has been notified of the
action taken by the two Stanford
committees. Since the Carnot debate
last year was held in Berkeley, it is
not expected that there will be any
opposition to the time and place set
by Stanford.
An agreement drawn up last year
to govern this year's Carnot debate,
provided that the contest should be
held at Stanford the night before the
intercollegiate track meet. ft was
thought at that time that the track
meet would be held at Stanford.
December 6 is the date set by the
faculty committee for the Berwick
Peace Contest at Stanford. The com
mittee has taken charge of the ar
rangement for the contest. Prospec
tive candidates for honors should sub
mit their names to Professor Cathcart.
The Mills prize, offered for the first
time last year, will not be re-offered
this year.
Action taken by the intercollegiate
committee in voting to arrange with
ihe University of California to have
the Carnot debate held at Stanford on
Friday night, a week before the track
meet, was upheld by the faculty com
mittee at a meeting, Friday.
California has been notified of the
action taken by the two Stanford
committees. Since the Carnot debate
last year was held in Berkeley, it is
not expected that there will be any
opposition to the time and place set
by Stanford.
An agreement drawn up last year
to govern this year's Carnot debate,
provided that the contest should be
held at Stanford the night before the
intercollegiate track meet. ft was
thought at that time that the track
meet would be held at Stanford.
December 6 is the date set by the
faculty committee for the Berwick
Peace Contest at Stanford. The com
mittee has taken charge of the ar
rangement for the contest. Prospec
tive candidates for honors should sub
mit their names to Professor Cathcart.
The Mills prize, offered for the first
time last year, will not be re-offered
this year.
Action taken by the intercollegiate
committee in voting to arrange with
ihe University of California to have
the Carnot debate held at Stanford on
Friday night, a week before the track
meet, was upheld by the faculty com
mittee at a meeting, Friday.
California has been notified of the
action taken by the two Stanford
committees. Since the Carnot debate
last year was held in Berkeley, it is
not expected that there will be any
opposition to the time and place set
by Stanford.
An agreement drawn up last year
to govern this year's Carnot debate,
provided that the contest should be
held at Stanford the night before the
intercollegiate track meet. ft was
thought at that time that the track
meet would be held at Stanford.
December 6 is the date set by the
faculty committee for the Berwick
Peace Contest at Stanford. The com
mittee has taken charge of the ar
rangement for the contest. Prospec
tive candidates for honors should sub
mit their names to Professor Cathcart.
The Mills prize, offered for the first
time last year, will not be re-offered
this year.
Action taken by the intercollegiate
committee in voting to arrange with
ihe University of California to have
the Carnot debate held at Stanford on
Friday night, a week before the track
meet, was upheld by the faculty com
mittee at a meeting, Friday.
California has been notified of the
action taken by the two Stanford
committees. Since the Carnot debate
last year was held in Berkeley, it is
not expected that there will be any
opposition to the time and place set
by Stanford.
An agreement drawn up last year
to govern this year's Carnot debate,
provided that the contest should be
held at Stanford the night before the
intercollegiate track meet. ft was
thought at that time that the track
meet would be held at Stanford.
December 6 is the date set by the
faculty committee for the Berwick
Peace Contest at Stanford. The com
mittee has taken charge of the ar
rangement for the contest. Prospec
tive candidates for honors should sub
mit their names to Professor Cathcart.
The Mills prize, offered for the first
time last year, will not be re-offered
this year.
Action taken by the intercollegiate
committee in voting to arrange with
ihe University of California to have
the Carnot debate held at Stanford on
Friday night, a week before the track
meet, was upheld by the faculty com
mittee at a meeting, Friday.
California has been notified of the
action taken by the two Stanford
committees. Since the Carnot debate
last year was held in Berkeley, it is
not expected that there will be any
opposition to the time and place set
by Stanford.
An agreement drawn up last year
to govern this year's Carnot debate,
provided that the contest should be
held at Stanford the night before the
intercollegiate track meet. ft was
thought at that time that the track
meet would be held at Stanford.
December 6 is the date set by the
faculty committee for the Berwick
Peace Contest at Stanford. The com
mittee has taken charge of the ar
rangement for the contest. Prospec
tive candidates for honors should sub
mit their names to Professor Cathcart.
The Mills prize, offered for the first
time last year, will not be re-offered
this year.
Action taken by the intercollegiate
committee in voting to arrange with
ihe University of California to have
the Carnot debate held at Stanford on
Friday night, a week before the track
meet, was upheld by the faculty com
mittee at a meeting, Friday.
California has been notified of the
action taken by the two Stanford
committees. Since the Carnot debate
last year was held in Berkeley, it is
not expected that there will be any
opposition to the time and place set
by Stanford.
An agreement drawn up last year
to govern this year's Carnot debate,
provided that the contest should be
held at Stanford the night before the
intercollegiate track meet. ft was
thought at that time that the track
meet would be held at Stanford.
December 6 is the date set by the
faculty committee for the Berwick
Peace Contest at Stanford. The com
mittee has taken charge of the ar
rangement for the contest. Prospec
tive candidates for honors should sub
mit their names to Professor Cathcart.
The Mills prize, offered for the first
time last year, will not be re-offered
this year.
Action taken by the intercollegiate
committee in voting to arrange with
ihe University of California to have
the Carnot debate held at Stanford on
Friday night, a week before the track
meet, was upheld by the faculty com
mittee at a meeting, Friday.
California has been notified of the
action taken by the two Stanford
committees. Since the Carnot debate
last year was held in Berkeley, it is
not expected that there will be any
opposition to the time and place set
by Stanford.
An agreement drawn up last year
to govern this year's Carnot debate,
provided that the contest should be
held at Stanford the night before the
intercollegiate track meet. ft was
thought at that time that the track
meet would be held at Stanford.
December 6 is the date set by the
faculty committee for the Berwick
Peace Contest at Stanford. The com
mittee has taken charge of the ar
rangement for the contest. Prospec
tive candidates for honors should sub
mit their names to Professor Cathcart.
The Mills prize, offered for the first
time last year, will not be re-offered
this year.
Action taken by the intercollegiate
committee in voting to arrange with
ihe University of California to have
the Carnot debate held at Stanford on
Friday night, a week before the track
meet, was upheld by the faculty com
mittee at a meeting, Friday.
California has been notified of the
action taken by the two Stanford
committees. Since the Carnot debate
last year was held in Berkeley, it is
not expected that there will be any
opposition to the time and place set
by Stanford.
An agreement drawn up last year
to govern this year's Carnot debate,
provided that the contest should be
held at Stanford the night before the
intercollegiate track meet. ft was
thought at that time that the track
meet would be held at Stanford.
December 6 is the date set by the
faculty committee for the Berwick
Peace Contest at Stanford. The com
mittee has taken charge of the ar
rangement for the contest. Prospec
tive candidates for honors should sub
mit their names to Professor Cathcart.
The Mills prize, offered for the first
time last year, will not be re-offered
this year.
Action taken by the intercollegiate
committee in voting to arrange with
ihe University of California to have
the Carnot debate held at Stanford on
Friday night, a week before the track
meet, was upheld by the faculty com
mittee at a meeting, Friday.
California has been notified of the
action taken by the two Stanford
committees. Since the Carnot debate
last year was held in Berkeley, it is
not expected that there will be any
opposition to the time and place set
by Stanford.
An agreement drawn up last year
to govern this year's Carnot debate,
provided that the contest should be
held at Stanford the night before the
intercollegiate track meet. ft was
thought at that time that the track
meet would be held at Stanford.
December 6 is the date set by the
faculty committee for the Berwick
Peace Contest at Stanford. The com
mittee has taken charge of the ar
rangement for the contest. Prospec
tive candidates for honors should sub
mit their names to Professor Cathcart.
The Mills prize, offered for the first
time last year, will not be re-offered
this year.
Action taken by the intercollegiate
committee in voting to arrange with
ihe University of California to have
the Carnot debate held at Stanford on
Friday night, a week before the track
meet, was upheld by the faculty com
mittee at a meeting, Friday.
California has been notified of the
action taken by the two Stanford
committees. Since the Carnot debate
last year was held in Berkeley, it is
not expected that there will be any
opposition to the time and place set
by Stanford.
An agreement drawn up last year
to govern this year's Carnot debate,
provided that the contest should be
held at Stanford the night before the
intercollegiate track meet. ft was
thought at that time that the track
meet would be held at Stanford.
December 6 is the date set by the
faculty committee for the Berwick
Peace Contest at Stanford. The com
mittee has taken charge of the ar
rangement for the contest. Prospec
tive candidates for honors should sub
mit their names to Professor Cathcart.
The Mills prize, offered for the first
time last year, will not be re-offered
this year.
Action taken by the intercollegiate
committee in voting to arrange with
ihe University of California to have
the Carnot debate held at Stanford on
Friday night, a week before the track
meet, was upheld by the faculty com
mittee at a meeting, Friday.
California has been notified of the
action taken by the two Stanford
committees. Since the Carnot debate
last year was held in Berkeley, it is
not expected that there will be any
opposition to the time and place set
by Stanford.
An agreement drawn up last year
to govern this year's Carnot debate,
provided that the contest should be
held at Stanford the night before the
intercollegiate track meet. ft was
thought at that time that the track
meet would be held at Stanford.
December 6 is the date set by the
faculty committee for the Berwick
Peace Contest at Stanford. The com
mittee has taken charge of the ar
rangement for the contest. Prospec
tive candidates for honors should sub
mit their names to Professor Cathcart.
The Mills prize, offered for the first
time last year, will not be re-offered
this year.
Action taken by the intercollegiate
committee in voting to arrange with
ihe University of California to have
the Carnot debate held at Stanford on
Friday night, a week before the track
meet, was upheld by the faculty com
mittee at a meeting, Friday.
California has been notified of the
action taken by the two Stanford
committees. Since the Carnot debate
last year was held in Berkeley, it is
not expected that there will be any
opposition to the time and place set
by Stanford.
An agreement drawn up last year
to govern this year's Carnot debate,
provided that the contest should be
held at Stanford the night before the
intercollegiate track meet. ft was
thought at that time that the track
meet would be held at Stanford.
December 6 is the date set by the
faculty committee for the Berwick
Peace Contest at Stanford. The com
mittee has taken charge of the ar
rangement for the contest. Prospec
tive candidates for honors should sub
mit their names to Professor Cathcart.
The Mills prize, offered for the first
time last year, will not be re-offered
this year.
Action taken by the intercollegiate
committee in voting to arrange with
ihe University of California to have
the Carnot debate held at Stanford on
Friday night, a week before the track
meet, was upheld by the faculty com
mittee at a meeting, Friday.
California has been notified of the
action taken by the two Stanford
committees. Since the Carnot debate
last year was held in Berkeley, it is
not expected that there will be any
opposition to the time and place set
by Stanford.
An agreement drawn up last year
to govern this year's Carnot debate,
provided that the contest should be
held at Stanford the night before the
intercollegiate track meet. ft was
thought at that time that the track
meet would be held at Stanford.
December 6 is the date set by the
faculty committee for the Berwick
Peace Contest at Stanford. The com
mittee has taken charge of the ar
rangement for the contest. Prospec
tive candidates for honors should sub
mit their names to Professor Cathcart.
The Mills prize, offered for the first
time last year, will not be re-offered
this year.
