# Party over
## 
### 
BAs8 As it approaches the
millennium, Stan
ford envisions a future of
new buildings, more in
ternational students and
televisions that will let
Residential Education
watch you in your room.

BAs8 As it approaches the
millennium, Stan
ford envisions a future of
new buildings, more in
ternational students and
televisions that will let
Residential Education
watch you in your room.

BAs8 As it approaches the
millennium, Stan
ford envisions a future of
new buildings, more in
ternational students and
televisions that will let
Residential Education
watch you in your room.

BAs8 As it approaches the
millennium, Stan
ford envisions a future of
new buildings, more in
ternational students and
televisions that will let
Residential Education
watch you in your room.

BAs8 As it approaches the
millennium, Stan
ford envisions a future of
new buildings, more in
ternational students and
televisions that will let
Residential Education
watch you in your room.

BAs8 As it approaches the
millennium, Stan
ford envisions a future of
new buildings, more in
ternational students and
televisions that will let
Residential Education
watch you in your room.

BAs8 As it approaches the
millennium, Stan
ford envisions a future of
new buildings, more in
ternational students and
televisions that will let
Residential Education
watch you in your room.

