# DR. CHARLES GILBERT, G. C. PRICE WILL BE HONORED AT DINNER
## 
### 
In honor of the retirement of Dr. C.
H. Gilbert, executive head of the
Zoology department, and G. C. Price,
professor of zoology, an informal din
ner will be given tonight at the
New Union. Invitations have been
extended to the friends of the profes
sors and over fifty are expected to
attend.
Joseph Grinnell, professor of zool
ogy at the University of California,
will speak in behalf of the men who
have studied under Dr. Gilbert and
Professor Price. Professor Grinnell
took a post-graduate course at Stan
ford, entering as a zoology major in
1900.
A speech telling of the admiration
and friendship that the women gradu
ates have for Professors Gilbert and
Price will be given by Miss Ora Bor
ing, '99.
Professor Snyder will represent the
department and Dr. Jordan will of
ficiate as toastmaster.
