# Women's Field Day Manager Appoints Committee Heads
## 
### 
Committees to make definite ar
rangements for the program of the
women's Field Day on May 30 have
been appointed by Marie Manchee,
general chairman.
The heads of these committees are:
publicity, Millison Hardy; barbecue,
Dorothy Dahler; tables and chairs,
Margaret Schaufelberger and Frances
Clancy. These women, together with
Miss Manchee and the four sport man
agers, will make final plans for the
day's program in the near future. The
sport managers are: archery, Pauline
Hoffman; swimming, Mildred Burling
ame; tennis, Aileen Brown; track,
Lois Wilbur.
Committees to make definite ar
rangements for the program of the
women's Field Day on May 30 have
been appointed by Marie Manchee,
general chairman.
The heads of these committees are:
publicity, Millison Hardy; barbecue,
Dorothy Dahler; tables and chairs,
Margaret Schaufelberger and Frances
Clancy. These women, together with
Miss Manchee and the four sport man
agers, will make final plans for the
day's program in the near future. The
sport managers are: archery, Pauline
Hoffman; swimming, Mildred Burling
ame; tennis, Aileen Brown; track,
Lois Wilbur.
Committees to make definite ar
rangements for the program of the
women's Field Day on May 30 have
been appointed by Marie Manchee,
general chairman.
The heads of these committees are:
publicity, Millison Hardy; barbecue,
Dorothy Dahler; tables and chairs,
Margaret Schaufelberger and Frances
Clancy. These women, together with
Miss Manchee and the four sport man
agers, will make final plans for the
day's program in the near future. The
sport managers are: archery, Pauline
Hoffman; swimming, Mildred Burling
ame; tennis, Aileen Brown; track,
Lois Wilbur.
Committees to make definite ar
rangements for the program of the
women's Field Day on May 30 have
been appointed by Marie Manchee,
general chairman.
The heads of these committees are:
publicity, Millison Hardy; barbecue,
Dorothy Dahler; tables and chairs,
Margaret Schaufelberger and Frances
Clancy. These women, together with
Miss Manchee and the four sport man
agers, will make final plans for the
day's program in the near future. The
sport managers are: archery, Pauline
Hoffman; swimming, Mildred Burling
ame; tennis, Aileen Brown; track,
Lois Wilbur.
Committees to make definite ar
rangements for the program of the
women's Field Day on May 30 have
been appointed by Marie Manchee,
general chairman.
The heads of these committees are:
publicity, Millison Hardy; barbecue,
Dorothy Dahler; tables and chairs,
Margaret Schaufelberger and Frances
Clancy. These women, together with
Miss Manchee and the four sport man
agers, will make final plans for the
day's program in the near future. The
sport managers are: archery, Pauline
Hoffman; swimming, Mildred Burling
ame; tennis, Aileen Brown; track,
Lois Wilbur.
Committees to make definite ar
rangements for the program of the
women's Field Day on May 30 have
been appointed by Marie Manchee,
general chairman.
The heads of these committees are:
publicity, Millison Hardy; barbecue,
Dorothy Dahler; tables and chairs,
Margaret Schaufelberger and Frances
Clancy. These women, together with
Miss Manchee and the four sport man
agers, will make final plans for the
day's program in the near future. The
sport managers are: archery, Pauline
Hoffman; swimming, Mildred Burling
ame; tennis, Aileen Brown; track,
Lois Wilbur.
Committees to make definite ar
rangements for the program of the
women's Field Day on May 30 have
been appointed by Marie Manchee,
general chairman.
The heads of these committees are:
publicity, Millison Hardy; barbecue,
Dorothy Dahler; tables and chairs,
Margaret Schaufelberger and Frances
Clancy. These women, together with
Miss Manchee and the four sport man
agers, will make final plans for the
day's program in the near future. The
sport managers are: archery, Pauline
Hoffman; swimming, Mildred Burling
ame; tennis, Aileen Brown; track,
Lois Wilbur.
Committees to make definite ar
rangements for the program of the
women's Field Day on May 30 have
been appointed by Marie Manchee,
general chairman.
The heads of these committees are:
publicity, Millison Hardy; barbecue,
Dorothy Dahler; tables and chairs,
Margaret Schaufelberger and Frances
Clancy. These women, together with
Miss Manchee and the four sport man
agers, will make final plans for the
day's program in the near future. The
sport managers are: archery, Pauline
Hoffman; swimming, Mildred Burling
ame; tennis, Aileen Brown; track,
Lois Wilbur.
Committees to make definite ar
rangements for the program of the
women's Field Day on May 30 have
been appointed by Marie Manchee,
general chairman.
The heads of these committees are:
publicity, Millison Hardy; barbecue,
Dorothy Dahler; tables and chairs,
Margaret Schaufelberger and Frances
Clancy. These women, together with
Miss Manchee and the four sport man
agers, will make final plans for the
day's program in the near future. The
sport managers are: archery, Pauline
Hoffman; swimming, Mildred Burling
ame; tennis, Aileen Brown; track,
Lois Wilbur.
Committees to make definite ar
rangements for the program of the
women's Field Day on May 30 have
been appointed by Marie Manchee,
general chairman.
The heads of these committees are:
publicity, Millison Hardy; barbecue,
Dorothy Dahler; tables and chairs,
Margaret Schaufelberger and Frances
Clancy. These women, together with
Miss Manchee and the four sport man
agers, will make final plans for the
day's program in the near future. The
sport managers are: archery, Pauline
Hoffman; swimming, Mildred Burling
ame; tennis, Aileen Brown; track,
Lois Wilbur.
Committees to make definite ar
rangements for the program of the
women's Field Day on May 30 have
been appointed by Marie Manchee,
general chairman.
The heads of these committees are:
publicity, Millison Hardy; barbecue,
Dorothy Dahler; tables and chairs,
Margaret Schaufelberger and Frances
Clancy. These women, together with
Miss Manchee and the four sport man
agers, will make final plans for the
day's program in the near future. The
sport managers are: archery, Pauline
Hoffman; swimming, Mildred Burling
ame; tennis, Aileen Brown; track,
Lois Wilbur.
Committees to make definite ar
rangements for the program of the
women's Field Day on May 30 have
been appointed by Marie Manchee,
general chairman.
The heads of these committees are:
publicity, Millison Hardy; barbecue,
Dorothy Dahler; tables and chairs,
Margaret Schaufelberger and Frances
Clancy. These women, together with
Miss Manchee and the four sport man
agers, will make final plans for the
day's program in the near future. The
sport managers are: archery, Pauline
Hoffman; swimming, Mildred Burling
ame; tennis, Aileen Brown; track,
Lois Wilbur.
Committees to make definite ar
rangements for the program of the
women's Field Day on May 30 have
been appointed by Marie Manchee,
general chairman.
The heads of these committees are:
publicity, Millison Hardy; barbecue,
Dorothy Dahler; tables and chairs,
Margaret Schaufelberger and Frances
Clancy. These women, together with
Miss Manchee and the four sport man
agers, will make final plans for the
day's program in the near future. The
sport managers are: archery, Pauline
Hoffman; swimming, Mildred Burling
ame; tennis, Aileen Brown; track,
Lois Wilbur.
Committees to make definite ar
rangements for the program of the
women's Field Day on May 30 have
been appointed by Marie Manchee,
general chairman.
The heads of these committees are:
publicity, Millison Hardy; barbecue,
Dorothy Dahler; tables and chairs,
Margaret Schaufelberger and Frances
Clancy. These women, together with
Miss Manchee and the four sport man
agers, will make final plans for the
day's program in the near future. The
sport managers are: archery, Pauline
Hoffman; swimming, Mildred Burling
ame; tennis, Aileen Brown; track,
Lois Wilbur.
Committees to make definite ar
rangements for the program of the
women's Field Day on May 30 have
been appointed by Marie Manchee,
general chairman.
The heads of these committees are:
publicity, Millison Hardy; barbecue,
Dorothy Dahler; tables and chairs,
Margaret Schaufelberger and Frances
Clancy. These women, together with
Miss Manchee and the four sport man
agers, will make final plans for the
day's program in the near future. The
sport managers are: archery, Pauline
Hoffman; swimming, Mildred Burling
ame; tennis, Aileen Brown; track,
Lois Wilbur.
