# SMITH ADDRESSES ENGINEERING CLUB
## 
### 
Special features of the newest type
of transformer were explained by W.
C. Smith at the meeting of the Ameri
can Institute of Electrical Engineers
held last night in Room 280. The so
ciety also made plans for a visit to
the works of the General Electric
Company in Oakland,
Mr. Smith, who is transformer en
gineer for the General Electric Com
pany, illustrated his lecture by means
of slides showing the manufacture of
transformers, and models showing the
effects of short circuiting.
An invitation was extended to the
society to visit the General Electric
plant, wireless station KGO, and lamp
works in Oakland. A party will be
organized to make this trip on some
Saturday within ahout two weeks. Any
one interested should sign up with M.
L. Wiedmann, president of the club,
or F. E. Crever, secretary.

A new Union building is to be built
at the University of Kansas.
