# Great Variety of Articles Found in Lagunita Bottom
## 
### 
Diving has taken on a new signifi
cance at Lagunita since the sediment
has settled, leaving the water trans
parent. Among the articles retrieved
by the lifeguards and swimmers at the
lake have been fountain pens, a port
able Victrola, records, coins ranging
from silver dollars to pennies, count
less numbers of deceiving buttons, and
several water-worn compacts.
Diving has taken on a new signifi
cance at Lagunita since the sediment
has settled, leaving the water trans
parent. Among the articles retrieved
by the lifeguards and swimmers at the
lake have been fountain pens, a port
able Victrola, records, coins ranging
from silver dollars to pennies, count
less numbers of deceiving buttons, and
several water-worn compacts.
Diving has taken on a new signifi
cance at Lagunita since the sediment
has settled, leaving the water trans
parent. Among the articles retrieved
by the lifeguards and swimmers at the
lake have been fountain pens, a port
able Victrola, records, coins ranging
from silver dollars to pennies, count
less numbers of deceiving buttons, and
several water-worn compacts.
Diving has taken on a new signifi
cance at Lagunita since the sediment
has settled, leaving the water trans
parent. Among the articles retrieved
by the lifeguards and swimmers at the
lake have been fountain pens, a port
able Victrola, records, coins ranging
from silver dollars to pennies, count
less numbers of deceiving buttons, and
several water-worn compacts.
Diving has taken on a new signifi
cance at Lagunita since the sediment
has settled, leaving the water trans
parent. Among the articles retrieved
by the lifeguards and swimmers at the
lake have been fountain pens, a port
able Victrola, records, coins ranging
from silver dollars to pennies, count
less numbers of deceiving buttons, and
several water-worn compacts.
Diving has taken on a new signifi
cance at Lagunita since the sediment
has settled, leaving the water trans
parent. Among the articles retrieved
by the lifeguards and swimmers at the
lake have been fountain pens, a port
able Victrola, records, coins ranging
from silver dollars to pennies, count
less numbers of deceiving buttons, and
several water-worn compacts.
Diving has taken on a new signifi
cance at Lagunita since the sediment
has settled, leaving the water trans
parent. Among the articles retrieved
by the lifeguards and swimmers at the
lake have been fountain pens, a port
able Victrola, records, coins ranging
from silver dollars to pennies, count
less numbers of deceiving buttons, and
several water-worn compacts.
Diving has taken on a new signifi
cance at Lagunita since the sediment
has settled, leaving the water trans
parent. Among the articles retrieved
by the lifeguards and swimmers at the
lake have been fountain pens, a port
able Victrola, records, coins ranging
from silver dollars to pennies, count
less numbers of deceiving buttons, and
several water-worn compacts.
Diving has taken on a new signifi
cance at Lagunita since the sediment
has settled, leaving the water trans
parent. Among the articles retrieved
by the lifeguards and swimmers at the
lake have been fountain pens, a port
able Victrola, records, coins ranging
from silver dollars to pennies, count
less numbers of deceiving buttons, and
several water-worn compacts.
Diving has taken on a new signifi
cance at Lagunita since the sediment
has settled, leaving the water trans
parent. Among the articles retrieved
by the lifeguards and swimmers at the
lake have been fountain pens, a port
able Victrola, records, coins ranging
from silver dollars to pennies, count
less numbers of deceiving buttons, and
several water-worn compacts.
Diving has taken on a new signifi
cance at Lagunita since the sediment
has settled, leaving the water trans
parent. Among the articles retrieved
by the lifeguards and swimmers at the
lake have been fountain pens, a port
able Victrola, records, coins ranging
from silver dollars to pennies, count
less numbers of deceiving buttons, and
several water-worn compacts.
Diving has taken on a new signifi
cance at Lagunita since the sediment
has settled, leaving the water trans
parent. Among the articles retrieved
by the lifeguards and swimmers at the
lake have been fountain pens, a port
able Victrola, records, coins ranging
from silver dollars to pennies, count
less numbers of deceiving buttons, and
several water-worn compacts.
Diving has taken on a new signifi
cance at Lagunita since the sediment
has settled, leaving the water trans
parent. Among the articles retrieved
by the lifeguards and swimmers at the
lake have been fountain pens, a port
able Victrola, records, coins ranging
from silver dollars to pennies, count
less numbers of deceiving buttons, and
several water-worn compacts.
Diving has taken on a new signifi
cance at Lagunita since the sediment
has settled, leaving the water trans
parent. Among the articles retrieved
by the lifeguards and swimmers at the
lake have been fountain pens, a port
able Victrola, records, coins ranging
from silver dollars to pennies, count
less numbers of deceiving buttons, and
several water-worn compacts.
Diving has taken on a new signifi
cance at Lagunita since the sediment
has settled, leaving the water trans
parent. Among the articles retrieved
by the lifeguards and swimmers at the
lake have been fountain pens, a port
able Victrola, records, coins ranging
from silver dollars to pennies, count
less numbers of deceiving buttons, and
several water-worn compacts.
