# Untitled Article
## 
### 
California Alumni Association an
nounces the creation of an informa
tion and employment bureau to assist
students who are leaving college in
May in securing positions immediately
after graduation.
California Alumni Association an
nounces the creation of an informa
tion and employment bureau to assist
students who are leaving college in
May in securing positions immediately
after graduation.
California Alumni Association an
nounces the creation of an informa
tion and employment bureau to assist
students who are leaving college in
May in securing positions immediately
after graduation.
California Alumni Association an
nounces the creation of an informa
tion and employment bureau to assist
students who are leaving college in
May in securing positions immediately
after graduation.
California Alumni Association an
nounces the creation of an informa
tion and employment bureau to assist
students who are leaving college in
May in securing positions immediately
after graduation.
California Alumni Association an
nounces the creation of an informa
tion and employment bureau to assist
students who are leaving college in
May in securing positions immediately
after graduation.
California Alumni Association an
nounces the creation of an informa
tion and employment bureau to assist
students who are leaving college in
May in securing positions immediately
after graduation.
California Alumni Association an
nounces the creation of an informa
tion and employment bureau to assist
students who are leaving college in
May in securing positions immediately
after graduation.
California Alumni Association an
nounces the creation of an informa
tion and employment bureau to assist
students who are leaving college in
May in securing positions immediately
after graduation.
California Alumni Association an
nounces the creation of an informa
tion and employment bureau to assist
students who are leaving college in
May in securing positions immediately
after graduation.
California Alumni Association an
nounces the creation of an informa
tion and employment bureau to assist
students who are leaving college in
May in securing positions immediately
after graduation.
California Alumni Association an
nounces the creation of an informa
tion and employment bureau to assist
students who are leaving college in
May in securing positions immediately
after graduation.
California Alumni Association an
nounces the creation of an informa
tion and employment bureau to assist
students who are leaving college in
May in securing positions immediately
after graduation.
California Alumni Association an
nounces the creation of an informa
tion and employment bureau to assist
students who are leaving college in
May in securing positions immediately
after graduation.
California Alumni Association an
nounces the creation of an informa
tion and employment bureau to assist
students who are leaving college in
May in securing positions immediately
after graduation.
