# Untitled Article
## 
### 
P. A. Embury has been elected to
captain California's basketball team
for the next year.
P. A. Embury has been elected to
captain California's basketball team
for the next year.
P. A. Embury has been elected to
captain California's basketball team
for the next year.
P. A. Embury has been elected to
captain California's basketball team
for the next year.
P. A. Embury has been elected to
captain California's basketball team
for the next year.
P. A. Embury has been elected to
captain California's basketball team
for the next year.
P. A. Embury has been elected to
captain California's basketball team
for the next year.
P. A. Embury has been elected to
captain California's basketball team
for the next year.
P. A. Embury has been elected to
captain California's basketball team
for the next year.
P. A. Embury has been elected to
captain California's basketball team
for the next year.
P. A. Embury has been elected to
captain California's basketball team
for the next year.
P. A. Embury has been elected to
captain California's basketball team
for the next year.
P. A. Embury has been elected to
captain California's basketball team
for the next year.
P. A. Embury has been elected to
captain California's basketball team
for the next year.
P. A. Embury has been elected to
captain California's basketball team
for the next year.
