# Flacco fever grips West Point by storm
## 
### SAM FISHER MANAGING EDITOR 
The lasting impact of Stanford football's
34-20 win at Army came from a moment not
on the playing field, but on the Stanford
sideline. Senior safety John Flacco earned
everlasting love and admiration from the
West Point cadets by joining the cadets on
their "Rocket" cheer. Immediately, the
crowd fell for Flacco, cheering wildly
through the end of the game, chanting for
him and even passing around a whiteboard
that read, "Add John Flacco on Facebook."

This admiration did not end with Stan
ford's departure from West Point. Over the
next few days, Flacco received more than
1,000 Facebook friend requests from West
Point cadets and saw himself become an in
ternet sensation at the academy. Wall posts,
videos and memes were dedicated to Flacco
in mind-boggling numbers. Below are some
of The Daily's favorite Memes taken from
"The Long Gray Memes" Facebook page.





