# STUDENT BODY DANCE AT ENCINA FRIDAY
## 
### 
The first student body dance of the
quarter will be held at Encina Hall
Friday evening. Members of the
Washington State and Stanford varsity
basketball teams will be entertained
as guests of honor at the dance. A
special jazz orchestra under the direc
tion of A. W. Whitmer will furnish
the music for the evening. An ad
mission price of seventy-five cents
will be charged.
The first student body dance of the
quarter will be held at Encina Hall
Friday evening. Members of the
Washington State and Stanford varsity
basketball teams will be entertained
as guests of honor at the dance. A
special jazz orchestra under the direc
tion of A. W. Whitmer will furnish
the music for the evening. An ad
mission price of seventy-five cents
will be charged.
The first student body dance of the
quarter will be held at Encina Hall
Friday evening. Members of the
Washington State and Stanford varsity
basketball teams will be entertained
as guests of honor at the dance. A
special jazz orchestra under the direc
tion of A. W. Whitmer will furnish
the music for the evening. An ad
mission price of seventy-five cents
will be charged.
The first student body dance of the
quarter will be held at Encina Hall
Friday evening. Members of the
Washington State and Stanford varsity
basketball teams will be entertained
as guests of honor at the dance. A
special jazz orchestra under the direc
tion of A. W. Whitmer will furnish
the music for the evening. An ad
mission price of seventy-five cents
will be charged.
The first student body dance of the
quarter will be held at Encina Hall
Friday evening. Members of the
Washington State and Stanford varsity
basketball teams will be entertained
as guests of honor at the dance. A
special jazz orchestra under the direc
tion of A. W. Whitmer will furnish
the music for the evening. An ad
mission price of seventy-five cents
will be charged.
The first student body dance of the
quarter will be held at Encina Hall
Friday evening. Members of the
Washington State and Stanford varsity
basketball teams will be entertained
as guests of honor at the dance. A
special jazz orchestra under the direc
tion of A. W. Whitmer will furnish
the music for the evening. An ad
mission price of seventy-five cents
will be charged.
The first student body dance of the
quarter will be held at Encina Hall
Friday evening. Members of the
Washington State and Stanford varsity
basketball teams will be entertained
as guests of honor at the dance. A
special jazz orchestra under the direc
tion of A. W. Whitmer will furnish
the music for the evening. An ad
mission price of seventy-five cents
will be charged.
The first student body dance of the
quarter will be held at Encina Hall
Friday evening. Members of the
Washington State and Stanford varsity
basketball teams will be entertained
as guests of honor at the dance. A
special jazz orchestra under the direc
tion of A. W. Whitmer will furnish
the music for the evening. An ad
mission price of seventy-five cents
will be charged.
The first student body dance of the
quarter will be held at Encina Hall
Friday evening. Members of the
Washington State and Stanford varsity
basketball teams will be entertained
as guests of honor at the dance. A
special jazz orchestra under the direc
tion of A. W. Whitmer will furnish
the music for the evening. An ad
mission price of seventy-five cents
will be charged.
The first student body dance of the
quarter will be held at Encina Hall
Friday evening. Members of the
Washington State and Stanford varsity
basketball teams will be entertained
as guests of honor at the dance. A
special jazz orchestra under the direc
tion of A. W. Whitmer will furnish
the music for the evening. An ad
mission price of seventy-five cents
will be charged.
The first student body dance of the
quarter will be held at Encina Hall
Friday evening. Members of the
Washington State and Stanford varsity
basketball teams will be entertained
as guests of honor at the dance. A
special jazz orchestra under the direc
tion of A. W. Whitmer will furnish
the music for the evening. An ad
mission price of seventy-five cents
will be charged.
The first student body dance of the
quarter will be held at Encina Hall
Friday evening. Members of the
Washington State and Stanford varsity
basketball teams will be entertained
as guests of honor at the dance. A
special jazz orchestra under the direc
tion of A. W. Whitmer will furnish
the music for the evening. An ad
mission price of seventy-five cents
will be charged.
