# DUPRE EXPERT AT MEMORIZING PLANS OF FAMOUS ORGANS
## 
### 
Memorizing the specifications of one
pipe organ is a real feat but Marcel
Dupre, the Notre Dame Cathedral or
ganist who will give a recital in the
Memorial Church at the all-University
assembly next Tuesday morning, has
memorized the drawings of every or
gan he has played in Europe and
America.
Dupre carries with him on all his
concert tours a notebook containing
the specifications and drawings of all
the organs he plays. He has these de
tails perfectly memorized so that when
lie is engaged to give a recital his
work is considerably lessened. He need
only spend time enough at the instru
ment to become acquainted with the
tone colors, note the acoustics of the
building, and he is ready to begin his
concert.
Before coming to America for his
debut last season. Dupre was supplied
with photographs of the complicated
consoles of the organs in Philadelphia
and New York upon which he was to
play. The Philadelphia organ is the
largest in the world with over 240
speaking stops and some 150 mechan
ical couplers and pistons; the New
York organ is also large. Dupre mem
orized these photographs on the
steamer and two days after landing,
announced that he was ready to play.
He will add the specification of an
other organ to his book after the con
cert Tuesday morning. ,
