# ENCINA CLUB ROOM GETS NEW FINISH
## 
### 
Encina's clubroom floor has just
emerged from a complete refiuishing
process. The several conventions
which were held in the hall during
the summer injured the floor suffi
ciently to make it unfit for dancing,
so that it had to be re-surfaced. All
last week workmen were busy plan
ing, scraping, waxing and polishing.
New furniture has been ordered for
the room and will arrive during the
Christmas holidays.
Encina's clubroom floor has just
emerged from a complete refiuishing
process. The several conventions
which were held in the hall during
the summer injured the floor suffi
ciently to make it unfit for dancing,
so that it had to be re-surfaced. All
last week workmen were busy plan
ing, scraping, waxing and polishing.
New furniture has been ordered for
the room and will arrive during the
Christmas holidays.
Encina's clubroom floor has just
emerged from a complete refiuishing
process. The several conventions
which were held in the hall during
the summer injured the floor suffi
ciently to make it unfit for dancing,
so that it had to be re-surfaced. All
last week workmen were busy plan
ing, scraping, waxing and polishing.
New furniture has been ordered for
the room and will arrive during the
Christmas holidays.
Encina's clubroom floor has just
emerged from a complete refiuishing
process. The several conventions
which were held in the hall during
the summer injured the floor suffi
ciently to make it unfit for dancing,
so that it had to be re-surfaced. All
last week workmen were busy plan
ing, scraping, waxing and polishing.
New furniture has been ordered for
the room and will arrive during the
Christmas holidays.
Encina's clubroom floor has just
emerged from a complete refiuishing
process. The several conventions
which were held in the hall during
the summer injured the floor suffi
ciently to make it unfit for dancing,
so that it had to be re-surfaced. All
last week workmen were busy plan
ing, scraping, waxing and polishing.
New furniture has been ordered for
the room and will arrive during the
Christmas holidays.
Encina's clubroom floor has just
emerged from a complete refiuishing
process. The several conventions
which were held in the hall during
the summer injured the floor suffi
ciently to make it unfit for dancing,
so that it had to be re-surfaced. All
last week workmen were busy plan
ing, scraping, waxing and polishing.
New furniture has been ordered for
the room and will arrive during the
Christmas holidays.
Encina's clubroom floor has just
emerged from a complete refiuishing
process. The several conventions
which were held in the hall during
the summer injured the floor suffi
ciently to make it unfit for dancing,
so that it had to be re-surfaced. All
last week workmen were busy plan
ing, scraping, waxing and polishing.
New furniture has been ordered for
the room and will arrive during the
Christmas holidays.
Encina's clubroom floor has just
emerged from a complete refiuishing
process. The several conventions
which were held in the hall during
the summer injured the floor suffi
ciently to make it unfit for dancing,
so that it had to be re-surfaced. All
last week workmen were busy plan
ing, scraping, waxing and polishing.
New furniture has been ordered for
the room and will arrive during the
Christmas holidays.
Encina's clubroom floor has just
emerged from a complete refiuishing
process. The several conventions
which were held in the hall during
the summer injured the floor suffi
ciently to make it unfit for dancing,
so that it had to be re-surfaced. All
last week workmen were busy plan
ing, scraping, waxing and polishing.
New furniture has been ordered for
the room and will arrive during the
Christmas holidays.
Encina's clubroom floor has just
emerged from a complete refiuishing
process. The several conventions
which were held in the hall during
the summer injured the floor suffi
ciently to make it unfit for dancing,
so that it had to be re-surfaced. All
last week workmen were busy plan
ing, scraping, waxing and polishing.
New furniture has been ordered for
the room and will arrive during the
Christmas holidays.
Encina's clubroom floor has just
emerged from a complete refiuishing
process. The several conventions
which were held in the hall during
the summer injured the floor suffi
ciently to make it unfit for dancing,
so that it had to be re-surfaced. All
last week workmen were busy plan
ing, scraping, waxing and polishing.
New furniture has been ordered for
the room and will arrive during the
Christmas holidays.
Encina's clubroom floor has just
emerged from a complete refiuishing
process. The several conventions
which were held in the hall during
the summer injured the floor suffi
ciently to make it unfit for dancing,
so that it had to be re-surfaced. All
last week workmen were busy plan
ing, scraping, waxing and polishing.
New furniture has been ordered for
the room and will arrive during the
Christmas holidays.
Encina's clubroom floor has just
emerged from a complete refiuishing
process. The several conventions
which were held in the hall during
the summer injured the floor suffi
ciently to make it unfit for dancing,
so that it had to be re-surfaced. All
last week workmen were busy plan
ing, scraping, waxing and polishing.
New furniture has been ordered for
the room and will arrive during the
Christmas holidays.
Encina's clubroom floor has just
emerged from a complete refiuishing
process. The several conventions
which were held in the hall during
the summer injured the floor suffi
ciently to make it unfit for dancing,
so that it had to be re-surfaced. All
last week workmen were busy plan
ing, scraping, waxing and polishing.
New furniture has been ordered for
the room and will arrive during the
Christmas holidays.
