# President Wilbur Back From Meeting in East
## 
### 
President Wilbur returned to the
campus yesterday after three weeks
spent in the East at the annual con
vention of the Association of American
Universities at Johns Hopkins Uni
versity in Baltimore. Dr. Wilbur pre
sided at the first session on November
10.
He also attended meetings of the
Council on Medical Education and of
the officers of the American Medical
Association in Chicago. He was ac
companied by Mrs. Wilbur.
President Wilbur returned to the
campus yesterday after three weeks
spent in the East at the annual con
vention of the Association of American
Universities at Johns Hopkins Uni
versity in Baltimore. Dr. Wilbur pre
sided at the first session on November
10.
He also attended meetings of the
Council on Medical Education and of
the officers of the American Medical
Association in Chicago. He was ac
companied by Mrs. Wilbur.
President Wilbur returned to the
campus yesterday after three weeks
spent in the East at the annual con
vention of the Association of American
Universities at Johns Hopkins Uni
versity in Baltimore. Dr. Wilbur pre
sided at the first session on November
10.
He also attended meetings of the
Council on Medical Education and of
the officers of the American Medical
Association in Chicago. He was ac
companied by Mrs. Wilbur.
President Wilbur returned to the
campus yesterday after three weeks
spent in the East at the annual con
vention of the Association of American
Universities at Johns Hopkins Uni
versity in Baltimore. Dr. Wilbur pre
sided at the first session on November
10.
He also attended meetings of the
Council on Medical Education and of
the officers of the American Medical
Association in Chicago. He was ac
companied by Mrs. Wilbur.
President Wilbur returned to the
campus yesterday after three weeks
spent in the East at the annual con
vention of the Association of American
Universities at Johns Hopkins Uni
versity in Baltimore. Dr. Wilbur pre
sided at the first session on November
10.
He also attended meetings of the
Council on Medical Education and of
the officers of the American Medical
Association in Chicago. He was ac
companied by Mrs. Wilbur.
President Wilbur returned to the
campus yesterday after three weeks
spent in the East at the annual con
vention of the Association of American
Universities at Johns Hopkins Uni
versity in Baltimore. Dr. Wilbur pre
sided at the first session on November
10.
He also attended meetings of the
Council on Medical Education and of
the officers of the American Medical
Association in Chicago. He was ac
companied by Mrs. Wilbur.
President Wilbur returned to the
campus yesterday after three weeks
spent in the East at the annual con
vention of the Association of American
Universities at Johns Hopkins Uni
versity in Baltimore. Dr. Wilbur pre
sided at the first session on November
10.
He also attended meetings of the
Council on Medical Education and of
the officers of the American Medical
Association in Chicago. He was ac
companied by Mrs. Wilbur.
President Wilbur returned to the
campus yesterday after three weeks
spent in the East at the annual con
vention of the Association of American
Universities at Johns Hopkins Uni
versity in Baltimore. Dr. Wilbur pre
sided at the first session on November
10.
He also attended meetings of the
Council on Medical Education and of
the officers of the American Medical
Association in Chicago. He was ac
companied by Mrs. Wilbur.
President Wilbur returned to the
campus yesterday after three weeks
spent in the East at the annual con
vention of the Association of American
Universities at Johns Hopkins Uni
versity in Baltimore. Dr. Wilbur pre
sided at the first session on November
10.
He also attended meetings of the
Council on Medical Education and of
the officers of the American Medical
Association in Chicago. He was ac
companied by Mrs. Wilbur.
President Wilbur returned to the
campus yesterday after three weeks
spent in the East at the annual con
vention of the Association of American
Universities at Johns Hopkins Uni
versity in Baltimore. Dr. Wilbur pre
sided at the first session on November
10.
He also attended meetings of the
Council on Medical Education and of
the officers of the American Medical
Association in Chicago. He was ac
companied by Mrs. Wilbur.
President Wilbur returned to the
campus yesterday after three weeks
spent in the East at the annual con
vention of the Association of American
Universities at Johns Hopkins Uni
versity in Baltimore. Dr. Wilbur pre
sided at the first session on November
10.
He also attended meetings of the
Council on Medical Education and of
the officers of the American Medical
Association in Chicago. He was ac
companied by Mrs. Wilbur.
President Wilbur returned to the
campus yesterday after three weeks
spent in the East at the annual con
vention of the Association of American
Universities at Johns Hopkins Uni
versity in Baltimore. Dr. Wilbur pre
sided at the first session on November
10.
He also attended meetings of the
Council on Medical Education and of
the officers of the American Medical
Association in Chicago. He was ac
companied by Mrs. Wilbur.
President Wilbur returned to the
campus yesterday after three weeks
spent in the East at the annual con
vention of the Association of American
Universities at Johns Hopkins Uni
versity in Baltimore. Dr. Wilbur pre
sided at the first session on November
10.
He also attended meetings of the
Council on Medical Education and of
the officers of the American Medical
Association in Chicago. He was ac
companied by Mrs. Wilbur.
President Wilbur returned to the
campus yesterday after three weeks
spent in the East at the annual con
vention of the Association of American
Universities at Johns Hopkins Uni
versity in Baltimore. Dr. Wilbur pre
sided at the first session on November
10.
He also attended meetings of the
Council on Medical Education and of
the officers of the American Medical
Association in Chicago. He was ac
companied by Mrs. Wilbur.
