# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Lead off
Stanford 'Tree'' spear
heads Band spirit
See Inside, page 6

Spin off
British sci-fi author in
spires Spielberg s latest
See Books, page 7

Takeoff
Men s basketball opens
season with 2-1 record
Sec Sports, page 8



Lead off
Stanford 'Tree'' spear
heads Band spirit
See Inside, page 6

Spin off
British sci-fi author in
spires Spielberg s latest
See Books, page 7

Takeoff
Men s basketball opens
season with 2-1 record
Sec Sports, page 8



Lead off
Stanford 'Tree'' spear
heads Band spirit
See Inside, page 6

Spin off
British sci-fi author in
spires Spielberg s latest
See Books, page 7

Takeoff
Men s basketball opens
season with 2-1 record
Sec Sports, page 8



Lead off
Stanford 'Tree'' spear
heads Band spirit
See Inside, page 6

Spin off
British sci-fi author in
spires Spielberg s latest
See Books, page 7

Takeoff
Men s basketball opens
season with 2-1 record
Sec Sports, page 8



Lead off
Stanford 'Tree'' spear
heads Band spirit
See Inside, page 6

Spin off
British sci-fi author in
spires Spielberg s latest
See Books, page 7

Takeoff
Men s basketball opens
season with 2-1 record
Sec Sports, page 8



Lead off
Stanford 'Tree'' spear
heads Band spirit
See Inside, page 6

Spin off
British sci-fi author in
spires Spielberg s latest
See Books, page 7

Takeoff
Men s basketball opens
season with 2-1 record
Sec Sports, page 8



Lead off
Stanford 'Tree'' spear
heads Band spirit
See Inside, page 6

Spin off
British sci-fi author in
spires Spielberg s latest
See Books, page 7

Takeoff
Men s basketball opens
season with 2-1 record
Sec Sports, page 8



Lead off
Stanford 'Tree'' spear
heads Band spirit
See Inside, page 6

Spin off
British sci-fi author in
spires Spielberg s latest
See Books, page 7

Takeoff
Men s basketball opens
season with 2-1 record
Sec Sports, page 8



Lead off
Stanford 'Tree'' spear
heads Band spirit
See Inside, page 6

Spin off
British sci-fi author in
spires Spielberg s latest
See Books, page 7

Takeoff
Men s basketball opens
season with 2-1 record
Sec Sports, page 8



