# University Bulletin.
## 
### 
Saturday.
Stanford vs. Olympics, Sixteenth
and Folsom streets, San Fran
cisco, 8:00 p.m.
Graduate Club meets, Madrono
Hall, 7:30 p.m.
Dr. and Mrs. Jordan at home to
students.
Euphronia meets, room 31 qund
7:30 p.m.
Philolexia meets, room 13 quad,
7:30 p.m.
Saturday.
Stanford vs. Olympics, Sixteenth
and Folsom streets, San Fran
cisco, 8:00 p.m.
Graduate Club meets, Madrono
Hall, 7:30 p.m.
Dr. and Mrs. Jordan at home to
students.
Euphronia meets, room 31 qund
7:30 p.m.
Philolexia meets, room 13 quad,
7:30 p.m.
Saturday.
Stanford vs. Olympics, Sixteenth
and Folsom streets, San Fran
cisco, 8:00 p.m.
Graduate Club meets, Madrono
Hall, 7:30 p.m.
Dr. and Mrs. Jordan at home to
students.
Euphronia meets, room 31 qund
7:30 p.m.
Philolexia meets, room 13 quad,
7:30 p.m.
Saturday.
Stanford vs. Olympics, Sixteenth
and Folsom streets, San Fran
cisco, 8:00 p.m.
Graduate Club meets, Madrono
Hall, 7:30 p.m.
Dr. and Mrs. Jordan at home to
students.
Euphronia meets, room 31 qund
7:30 p.m.
Philolexia meets, room 13 quad,
7:30 p.m.
Saturday.
Stanford vs. Olympics, Sixteenth
and Folsom streets, San Fran
cisco, 8:00 p.m.
Graduate Club meets, Madrono
Hall, 7:30 p.m.
Dr. and Mrs. Jordan at home to
students.
Euphronia meets, room 31 qund
7:30 p.m.
Philolexia meets, room 13 quad,
7:30 p.m.
Saturday.
Stanford vs. Olympics, Sixteenth
and Folsom streets, San Fran
cisco, 8:00 p.m.
Graduate Club meets, Madrono
Hall, 7:30 p.m.
Dr. and Mrs. Jordan at home to
students.
Euphronia meets, room 31 qund
7:30 p.m.
Philolexia meets, room 13 quad,
7:30 p.m.
