# Will Hold Intercollegiate Meet.
## 
### 
At the special meeting of the Ex
ecutive Committee held this after
noon it was decided to hold both in
tercollegiate track meets with Cali
fornia and to allow the present sit
uation in no way to interfere with
the arrangements for these compe
titions or the training of the ath
letes.
At the special meeting of the Ex
ecutive Committee held this after
noon it was decided to hold both in
tercollegiate track meets with Cali
fornia and to allow the present sit
uation in no way to interfere with
the arrangements for these compe
titions or the training of the ath
letes.
At the special meeting of the Ex
ecutive Committee held this after
noon it was decided to hold both in
tercollegiate track meets with Cali
fornia and to allow the present sit
uation in no way to interfere with
the arrangements for these compe
titions or the training of the ath
letes.
At the special meeting of the Ex
ecutive Committee held this after
noon it was decided to hold both in
tercollegiate track meets with Cali
fornia and to allow the present sit
uation in no way to interfere with
the arrangements for these compe
titions or the training of the ath
letes.
At the special meeting of the Ex
ecutive Committee held this after
noon it was decided to hold both in
tercollegiate track meets with Cali
fornia and to allow the present sit
uation in no way to interfere with
the arrangements for these compe
titions or the training of the ath
letes.
At the special meeting of the Ex
ecutive Committee held this after
noon it was decided to hold both in
tercollegiate track meets with Cali
fornia and to allow the present sit
uation in no way to interfere with
the arrangements for these compe
titions or the training of the ath
letes.
At the special meeting of the Ex
ecutive Committee held this after
noon it was decided to hold both in
tercollegiate track meets with Cali
fornia and to allow the present sit
uation in no way to interfere with
the arrangements for these compe
titions or the training of the ath
letes.
At the special meeting of the Ex
ecutive Committee held this after
noon it was decided to hold both in
tercollegiate track meets with Cali
fornia and to allow the present sit
uation in no way to interfere with
the arrangements for these compe
titions or the training of the ath
letes.
At the special meeting of the Ex
ecutive Committee held this after
noon it was decided to hold both in
tercollegiate track meets with Cali
fornia and to allow the present sit
uation in no way to interfere with
the arrangements for these compe
titions or the training of the ath
letes.
At the special meeting of the Ex
ecutive Committee held this after
noon it was decided to hold both in
tercollegiate track meets with Cali
fornia and to allow the present sit
uation in no way to interfere with
the arrangements for these compe
titions or the training of the ath
letes.
