# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
THE GIFT You Alone
: Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
$
Sizes and prices
to suit all
I
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
: Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
$
Sizes and prices
to suit all
I
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
: Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
$
Sizes and prices
to suit all
I
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
: Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
$
Sizes and prices
to suit all
I
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
: Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
$
Sizes and prices
to suit all
I
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
: Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
$
Sizes and prices
to suit all
I
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
: Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
$
Sizes and prices
to suit all
I
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
: Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
$
Sizes and prices
to suit all
I
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
: Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
$
Sizes and prices
to suit all
I
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
: Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
$
Sizes and prices
to suit all
I
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
: Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
$
Sizes and prices
to suit all
I
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
: Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
$
Sizes and prices
to suit all
I
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
: Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
$
Sizes and prices
to suit all
I
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
: Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
$
Sizes and prices
to suit all
I
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIFT You Alone
: Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
$
Sizes and prices
to suit all
I
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
