# DOCUMENT APPROVED
## 
### 
MADRID, Dec. 1. (/P),-The Na
tional Assembly today approved the
complete constitution of the new
Spanish Republic and handed the
document to a committee to make
the final draft.
MADRID, Dec. 1. (/P),-The Na
tional Assembly today approved the
complete constitution of the new
Spanish Republic and handed the
document to a committee to make
the final draft.
MADRID, Dec. 1. (/P),-The Na
tional Assembly today approved the
complete constitution of the new
Spanish Republic and handed the
document to a committee to make
the final draft.
MADRID, Dec. 1. (/P),-The Na
tional Assembly today approved the
complete constitution of the new
Spanish Republic and handed the
document to a committee to make
the final draft.
MADRID, Dec. 1. (/P),-The Na
tional Assembly today approved the
complete constitution of the new
Spanish Republic and handed the
document to a committee to make
the final draft.
MADRID, Dec. 1. (/P),-The Na
tional Assembly today approved the
complete constitution of the new
Spanish Republic and handed the
document to a committee to make
the final draft.
MADRID, Dec. 1. (/P),-The Na
tional Assembly today approved the
complete constitution of the new
Spanish Republic and handed the
document to a committee to make
the final draft.
MADRID, Dec. 1. (/P),-The Na
tional Assembly today approved the
complete constitution of the new
Spanish Republic and handed the
document to a committee to make
the final draft.
MADRID, Dec. 1. (/P),-The Na
tional Assembly today approved the
complete constitution of the new
Spanish Republic and handed the
document to a committee to make
the final draft.
MADRID, Dec. 1. (/P),-The Na
tional Assembly today approved the
complete constitution of the new
Spanish Republic and handed the
document to a committee to make
the final draft.
MADRID, Dec. 1. (/P),-The Na
tional Assembly today approved the
complete constitution of the new
Spanish Republic and handed the
document to a committee to make
the final draft.
MADRID, Dec. 1. (/P),-The Na
tional Assembly today approved the
complete constitution of the new
Spanish Republic and handed the
document to a committee to make
the final draft.
MADRID, Dec. 1. (/P),-The Na
tional Assembly today approved the
complete constitution of the new
Spanish Republic and handed the
document to a committee to make
the final draft.
MADRID, Dec. 1. (/P),-The Na
tional Assembly today approved the
complete constitution of the new
Spanish Republic and handed the
document to a committee to make
the final draft.
MADRID, Dec. 1. (/P),-The Na
tional Assembly today approved the
complete constitution of the new
Spanish Republic and handed the
document to a committee to make
the final draft.
