# Stanford Golf Club Will Be Photographed for Quad
## 
### 
Members of the Stanford Golf Club
have been asked by the officers of the
organization to gather at the pavilion at
1:30 p. m. .tomorrow to be photographed
for a group picture for the 1926 Quad.
All golfers'have been requested to don
knickers for the occasion, in order that
a uniform appearance may be made. This
will be the club's first year of represen
tation in the year book, inasmuch as it
is the youngest campus organization,
having been founded December 2, 1924.
Members of the Stanford Golf Club
have been asked by the officers of the
organization to gather at the pavilion at
1:30 p. m. .tomorrow to be photographed
for a group picture for the 1926 Quad.
All golfers'have been requested to don
knickers for the occasion, in order that
a uniform appearance may be made. This
will be the club's first year of represen
tation in the year book, inasmuch as it
is the youngest campus organization,
having been founded December 2, 1924.
Members of the Stanford Golf Club
have been asked by the officers of the
organization to gather at the pavilion at
1:30 p. m. .tomorrow to be photographed
for a group picture for the 1926 Quad.
All golfers'have been requested to don
knickers for the occasion, in order that
a uniform appearance may be made. This
will be the club's first year of represen
tation in the year book, inasmuch as it
is the youngest campus organization,
having been founded December 2, 1924.
Members of the Stanford Golf Club
have been asked by the officers of the
organization to gather at the pavilion at
1:30 p. m. .tomorrow to be photographed
for a group picture for the 1926 Quad.
All golfers'have been requested to don
knickers for the occasion, in order that
a uniform appearance may be made. This
will be the club's first year of represen
tation in the year book, inasmuch as it
is the youngest campus organization,
having been founded December 2, 1924.
Members of the Stanford Golf Club
have been asked by the officers of the
organization to gather at the pavilion at
1:30 p. m. .tomorrow to be photographed
for a group picture for the 1926 Quad.
All golfers'have been requested to don
knickers for the occasion, in order that
a uniform appearance may be made. This
will be the club's first year of represen
tation in the year book, inasmuch as it
is the youngest campus organization,
having been founded December 2, 1924.
Members of the Stanford Golf Club
have been asked by the officers of the
organization to gather at the pavilion at
1:30 p. m. .tomorrow to be photographed
for a group picture for the 1926 Quad.
All golfers'have been requested to don
knickers for the occasion, in order that
a uniform appearance may be made. This
will be the club's first year of represen
tation in the year book, inasmuch as it
is the youngest campus organization,
having been founded December 2, 1924.
Members of the Stanford Golf Club
have been asked by the officers of the
organization to gather at the pavilion at
1:30 p. m. .tomorrow to be photographed
for a group picture for the 1926 Quad.
All golfers'have been requested to don
knickers for the occasion, in order that
a uniform appearance may be made. This
will be the club's first year of represen
tation in the year book, inasmuch as it
is the youngest campus organization,
having been founded December 2, 1924.
Members of the Stanford Golf Club
have been asked by the officers of the
organization to gather at the pavilion at
1:30 p. m. .tomorrow to be photographed
for a group picture for the 1926 Quad.
All golfers'have been requested to don
knickers for the occasion, in order that
a uniform appearance may be made. This
will be the club's first year of represen
tation in the year book, inasmuch as it
is the youngest campus organization,
having been founded December 2, 1924.
Members of the Stanford Golf Club
have been asked by the officers of the
organization to gather at the pavilion at
1:30 p. m. .tomorrow to be photographed
for a group picture for the 1926 Quad.
All golfers'have been requested to don
knickers for the occasion, in order that
a uniform appearance may be made. This
will be the club's first year of represen
tation in the year book, inasmuch as it
is the youngest campus organization,
having been founded December 2, 1924.
Members of the Stanford Golf Club
have been asked by the officers of the
organization to gather at the pavilion at
1:30 p. m. .tomorrow to be photographed
for a group picture for the 1926 Quad.
All golfers'have been requested to don
knickers for the occasion, in order that
a uniform appearance may be made. This
will be the club's first year of represen
tation in the year book, inasmuch as it
is the youngest campus organization,
having been founded December 2, 1924.
Members of the Stanford Golf Club
have been asked by the officers of the
organization to gather at the pavilion at
1:30 p. m. .tomorrow to be photographed
for a group picture for the 1926 Quad.
All golfers'have been requested to don
knickers for the occasion, in order that
a uniform appearance may be made. This
will be the club's first year of represen
tation in the year book, inasmuch as it
is the youngest campus organization,
having been founded December 2, 1924.
Members of the Stanford Golf Club
have been asked by the officers of the
organization to gather at the pavilion at
1:30 p. m. .tomorrow to be photographed
for a group picture for the 1926 Quad.
All golfers'have been requested to don
knickers for the occasion, in order that
a uniform appearance may be made. This
will be the club's first year of represen
tation in the year book, inasmuch as it
is the youngest campus organization,
having been founded December 2, 1924.
Members of the Stanford Golf Club
have been asked by the officers of the
organization to gather at the pavilion at
1:30 p. m. .tomorrow to be photographed
for a group picture for the 1926 Quad.
All golfers'have been requested to don
knickers for the occasion, in order that
a uniform appearance may be made. This
will be the club's first year of represen
tation in the year book, inasmuch as it
is the youngest campus organization,
having been founded December 2, 1924.
Members of the Stanford Golf Club
have been asked by the officers of the
organization to gather at the pavilion at
1:30 p. m. .tomorrow to be photographed
for a group picture for the 1926 Quad.
All golfers'have been requested to don
knickers for the occasion, in order that
a uniform appearance may be made. This
will be the club's first year of represen
tation in the year book, inasmuch as it
is the youngest campus organization,
having been founded December 2, 1924.
Members of the Stanford Golf Club
have been asked by the officers of the
organization to gather at the pavilion at
1:30 p. m. .tomorrow to be photographed
for a group picture for the 1926 Quad.
All golfers'have been requested to don
knickers for the occasion, in order that
a uniform appearance may be made. This
will be the club's first year of represen
tation in the year book, inasmuch as it
is the youngest campus organization,
having been founded December 2, 1924.
