# TWO-PIANO RECITAL THURSDAY WILL BE NEXT P.M.A. CONCERT
## 
### 
A two-piano recital by Guy Maier and
Lee Pattison is scheduled for Thursday
evening in the Assembly hall, as the
second of the Peninsula Musical Asso
ciation concerts. Tickets to the concert
are on sale at Crandall's in Palo Alto.
Maier and Pattison began their work
together when students at Boston, play
ing two-piano selections for their own
amusement. Later both artists studied
music with Arthur Scfcnabel in Berlin,
and on their return to this country made
their first public appearance together.
The success of this appearance was the
beginning of their two-piano concerts.
A search for two-piano compositions
brought to light works of Debussy,
Arcnsky, Rachmaninoff, Cecar Franck,
Saint-Saens and others which were prac
tically unknown outside the studios.
These they brought to the light of the
concert platform, and soon arrangements
of other compositions, some originally
scored for orchestra, were added to their
repertoire.
The number of selections now included
in this repertoire has grown to such an
extent that on a recent our of Australia
the musicians were able to present six
entirely different programs in Sydney
alone.
