# Adv. 15 Page 3
## 
### 
ENGAGEMENT
Naranja Casa yesterday an
nounced the engagement of Char
lotte Elizabeth Averill, '63. to
Stephen Spencer Roberts, ’63.
Tab Collar
Dress Shirts
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
by
c, 'Manhattan _
®KuiD€mfln>
ENGAGEMENT
Naranja Casa yesterday an
nounced the engagement of Char
lotte Elizabeth Averill, '63. to
Stephen Spencer Roberts, ’63.
Tab Collar
Dress Shirts
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
by
c, 'Manhattan _
®KuiD€mfln>
ENGAGEMENT
Naranja Casa yesterday an
nounced the engagement of Char
lotte Elizabeth Averill, '63. to
Stephen Spencer Roberts, ’63.
Tab Collar
Dress Shirts
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
by
c, 'Manhattan _
®KuiD€mfln>
ENGAGEMENT
Naranja Casa yesterday an
nounced the engagement of Char
lotte Elizabeth Averill, '63. to
Stephen Spencer Roberts, ’63.
Tab Collar
Dress Shirts
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
by
c, 'Manhattan _
®KuiD€mfln>
ENGAGEMENT
Naranja Casa yesterday an
nounced the engagement of Char
lotte Elizabeth Averill, '63. to
Stephen Spencer Roberts, ’63.
Tab Collar
Dress Shirts
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
by
c, 'Manhattan _
®KuiD€mfln>
ENGAGEMENT
Naranja Casa yesterday an
nounced the engagement of Char
lotte Elizabeth Averill, '63. to
Stephen Spencer Roberts, ’63.
Tab Collar
Dress Shirts
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
by
c, 'Manhattan _
®KuiD€mfln>
ENGAGEMENT
Naranja Casa yesterday an
nounced the engagement of Char
lotte Elizabeth Averill, '63. to
Stephen Spencer Roberts, ’63.
Tab Collar
Dress Shirts
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
by
c, 'Manhattan _
®KuiD€mfln>
ENGAGEMENT
Naranja Casa yesterday an
nounced the engagement of Char
lotte Elizabeth Averill, '63. to
Stephen Spencer Roberts, ’63.
Tab Collar
Dress Shirts
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
by
c, 'Manhattan _
®KuiD€mfln>
ENGAGEMENT
Naranja Casa yesterday an
nounced the engagement of Char
lotte Elizabeth Averill, '63. to
Stephen Spencer Roberts, ’63.
Tab Collar
Dress Shirts
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
by
c, 'Manhattan _
®KuiD€mfln>
ENGAGEMENT
Naranja Casa yesterday an
nounced the engagement of Char
lotte Elizabeth Averill, '63. to
Stephen Spencer Roberts, ’63.
Tab Collar
Dress Shirts
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
by
c, 'Manhattan _
®KuiD€mfln>
ENGAGEMENT
Naranja Casa yesterday an
nounced the engagement of Char
lotte Elizabeth Averill, '63. to
Stephen Spencer Roberts, ’63.
Tab Collar
Dress Shirts
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
by
c, 'Manhattan _
®KuiD€mfln>
ENGAGEMENT
Naranja Casa yesterday an
nounced the engagement of Char
lotte Elizabeth Averill, '63. to
Stephen Spencer Roberts, ’63.
Tab Collar
Dress Shirts
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
by
c, 'Manhattan _
®KuiD€mfln>
ENGAGEMENT
Naranja Casa yesterday an
nounced the engagement of Char
lotte Elizabeth Averill, '63. to
Stephen Spencer Roberts, ’63.
Tab Collar
Dress Shirts
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
by
c, 'Manhattan _
®KuiD€mfln>
ENGAGEMENT
Naranja Casa yesterday an
nounced the engagement of Char
lotte Elizabeth Averill, '63. to
Stephen Spencer Roberts, ’63.
Tab Collar
Dress Shirts
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
by
c, 'Manhattan _
®KuiD€mfln>
ENGAGEMENT
Naranja Casa yesterday an
nounced the engagement of Char
lotte Elizabeth Averill, '63. to
Stephen Spencer Roberts, ’63.
Tab Collar
Dress Shirts
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
by
c, 'Manhattan _
®KuiD€mfln>
ENGAGEMENT
Naranja Casa yesterday an
nounced the engagement of Char
lotte Elizabeth Averill, '63. to
Stephen Spencer Roberts, ’63.
Tab Collar
Dress Shirts
DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO
by
c, 'Manhattan _
®KuiD€mfln>
