# Adv. 3 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS
This week’s bargain
hunters will no doubt
be interested in two
specially priced items
at R/A. One, a cotton
poplin jacket with
zip front. Fully lined
and only 13.95. Next,
a 100% lambswool
cardigan sweater.
Regularly selling at
13.95—yours for only
10.95. And you can
SUPER CHARGE
INDIANS
This week’s bargain
hunters will no doubt
be interested in two
specially priced items
at R/A. One, a cotton
poplin jacket with
zip front. Fully lined
and only 13.95. Next,
a 100% lambswool
cardigan sweater.
Regularly selling at
13.95—yours for only
10.95. And you can
SUPER CHARGE
INDIANS
This week’s bargain
hunters will no doubt
be interested in two
specially priced items
at R/A. One, a cotton
poplin jacket with
zip front. Fully lined
and only 13.95. Next,
a 100% lambswool
cardigan sweater.
Regularly selling at
13.95—yours for only
10.95. And you can
SUPER CHARGE
INDIANS
This week’s bargain
hunters will no doubt
be interested in two
specially priced items
at R/A. One, a cotton
poplin jacket with
zip front. Fully lined
and only 13.95. Next,
a 100% lambswool
cardigan sweater.
Regularly selling at
13.95—yours for only
10.95. And you can
SUPER CHARGE
INDIANS
This week’s bargain
hunters will no doubt
be interested in two
specially priced items
at R/A. One, a cotton
poplin jacket with
zip front. Fully lined
and only 13.95. Next,
a 100% lambswool
cardigan sweater.
Regularly selling at
13.95—yours for only
10.95. And you can
SUPER CHARGE
INDIANS
This week’s bargain
hunters will no doubt
be interested in two
specially priced items
at R/A. One, a cotton
poplin jacket with
zip front. Fully lined
and only 13.95. Next,
a 100% lambswool
cardigan sweater.
Regularly selling at
13.95—yours for only
10.95. And you can
SUPER CHARGE
INDIANS
This week’s bargain
hunters will no doubt
be interested in two
specially priced items
at R/A. One, a cotton
poplin jacket with
zip front. Fully lined
and only 13.95. Next,
a 100% lambswool
cardigan sweater.
Regularly selling at
13.95—yours for only
10.95. And you can
SUPER CHARGE
INDIANS
This week’s bargain
hunters will no doubt
be interested in two
specially priced items
at R/A. One, a cotton
poplin jacket with
zip front. Fully lined
and only 13.95. Next,
a 100% lambswool
cardigan sweater.
Regularly selling at
13.95—yours for only
10.95. And you can
SUPER CHARGE
INDIANS
This week’s bargain
hunters will no doubt
be interested in two
specially priced items
at R/A. One, a cotton
poplin jacket with
zip front. Fully lined
and only 13.95. Next,
a 100% lambswool
cardigan sweater.
Regularly selling at
13.95—yours for only
10.95. And you can
SUPER CHARGE
INDIANS
This week’s bargain
hunters will no doubt
be interested in two
specially priced items
at R/A. One, a cotton
poplin jacket with
zip front. Fully lined
and only 13.95. Next,
a 100% lambswool
cardigan sweater.
Regularly selling at
13.95—yours for only
10.95. And you can
SUPER CHARGE
INDIANS
This week’s bargain
hunters will no doubt
be interested in two
specially priced items
at R/A. One, a cotton
poplin jacket with
zip front. Fully lined
and only 13.95. Next,
a 100% lambswool
cardigan sweater.
Regularly selling at
13.95—yours for only
10.95. And you can
SUPER CHARGE
INDIANS
This week’s bargain
hunters will no doubt
be interested in two
specially priced items
at R/A. One, a cotton
poplin jacket with
zip front. Fully lined
and only 13.95. Next,
a 100% lambswool
cardigan sweater.
Regularly selling at
13.95—yours for only
10.95. And you can
SUPER CHARGE
INDIANS
This week’s bargain
hunters will no doubt
be interested in two
specially priced items
at R/A. One, a cotton
poplin jacket with
zip front. Fully lined
and only 13.95. Next,
a 100% lambswool
cardigan sweater.
Regularly selling at
13.95—yours for only
10.95. And you can
SUPER CHARGE
INDIANS
This week’s bargain
hunters will no doubt
be interested in two
specially priced items
at R/A. One, a cotton
poplin jacket with
zip front. Fully lined
and only 13.95. Next,
a 100% lambswool
cardigan sweater.
Regularly selling at
13.95—yours for only
10.95. And you can
SUPER CHARGE
INDIANS
This week’s bargain
hunters will no doubt
be interested in two
specially priced items
at R/A. One, a cotton
poplin jacket with
zip front. Fully lined
and only 13.95. Next,
a 100% lambswool
cardigan sweater.
Regularly selling at
13.95—yours for only
10.95. And you can
SUPER CHARGE
INDIANS
This week’s bargain
hunters will no doubt
be interested in two
specially priced items
at R/A. One, a cotton
poplin jacket with
zip front. Fully lined
and only 13.95. Next,
a 100% lambswool
cardigan sweater.
Regularly selling at
13.95—yours for only
10.95. And you can
SUPER CHARGE
