# Indians Place 2nd To S.J. in Dual Meet
## 
### 
Charge

The Spartans of San Jose State
outpointed Stanford gymnasts
66-46 Tuesday night in the In
diansâ€™ fourth dual meet of the
season.
Russ Burmister earned 12
points with firsts on the rings
and high bar for Stanford scor
ing honors. Alan Miyamoto, with
a first on the side horse and a
second on parallel bars, had 10
points; while Roger Rhoads ac
cumulated 9 points with a second
on rings, third on high bar and
a fourth in free exercise. Bill
Rusher, a sophomore showing
much Improvement in the long
horse, took second in that event

against SJS.
This Friday the powerful Long
Beach Slate team will match tal
ent with the winless Indians in
the Encina Gym at 7:30.
