# Essegian, Alums Play Ball
## 
### 
Twenty-nine Stanford baseball
alumni will take the field Satur
day against the Indian varsity for
their annual game. Former Stan
ford greats such as Chuck Esse
gian, former Dodger player, and
three other players from the 1953
team, best in Stanford history,
will be present. Game time is 3
p.m. on the Sunken Diamond.
Pitchers Bob Murphy (’53), Ken
Brown (55), and Gil Duncan (’55)
will handle the mound chores for
the alums. Oldest player will be
Bob Burnett (’39). Stanford holds
a 21-5-1 series edge,

Tomorrow the Indians play Cal
Poly at 3 p.m. The Mustangs have
an excellent hitter- in Wayne Ash
ley, who hit two homers in Cal
Poly’s two losses to UCLA last
week.
Twenty-nine Stanford baseball
alumni will take the field Satur
day against the Indian varsity for
their annual game. Former Stan
ford greats such as Chuck Esse
gian, former Dodger player, and
three other players from the 1953
team, best in Stanford history,
will be present. Game time is 3
p.m. on the Sunken Diamond.
Pitchers Bob Murphy (’53), Ken
Brown (55), and Gil Duncan (’55)
will handle the mound chores for
the alums. Oldest player will be
Bob Burnett (’39). Stanford holds
a 21-5-1 series edge,

Tomorrow the Indians play Cal
Poly at 3 p.m. The Mustangs have
an excellent hitter- in Wayne Ash
ley, who hit two homers in Cal
Poly’s two losses to UCLA last
week.
Twenty-nine Stanford baseball
alumni will take the field Satur
day against the Indian varsity for
their annual game. Former Stan
ford greats such as Chuck Esse
gian, former Dodger player, and
three other players from the 1953
team, best in Stanford history,
will be present. Game time is 3
p.m. on the Sunken Diamond.
Pitchers Bob Murphy (’53), Ken
Brown (55), and Gil Duncan (’55)
will handle the mound chores for
the alums. Oldest player will be
Bob Burnett (’39). Stanford holds
a 21-5-1 series edge,

Tomorrow the Indians play Cal
Poly at 3 p.m. The Mustangs have
an excellent hitter- in Wayne Ash
ley, who hit two homers in Cal
Poly’s two losses to UCLA last
week.
Twenty-nine Stanford baseball
alumni will take the field Satur
day against the Indian varsity for
their annual game. Former Stan
ford greats such as Chuck Esse
gian, former Dodger player, and
three other players from the 1953
team, best in Stanford history,
will be present. Game time is 3
p.m. on the Sunken Diamond.
Pitchers Bob Murphy (’53), Ken
Brown (55), and Gil Duncan (’55)
will handle the mound chores for
the alums. Oldest player will be
Bob Burnett (’39). Stanford holds
a 21-5-1 series edge,

Tomorrow the Indians play Cal
Poly at 3 p.m. The Mustangs have
an excellent hitter- in Wayne Ash
ley, who hit two homers in Cal
Poly’s two losses to UCLA last
week.
Twenty-nine Stanford baseball
alumni will take the field Satur
day against the Indian varsity for
their annual game. Former Stan
ford greats such as Chuck Esse
gian, former Dodger player, and
three other players from the 1953
team, best in Stanford history,
will be present. Game time is 3
p.m. on the Sunken Diamond.
Pitchers Bob Murphy (’53), Ken
Brown (55), and Gil Duncan (’55)
will handle the mound chores for
the alums. Oldest player will be
Bob Burnett (’39). Stanford holds
a 21-5-1 series edge,

Tomorrow the Indians play Cal
Poly at 3 p.m. The Mustangs have
an excellent hitter- in Wayne Ash
ley, who hit two homers in Cal
Poly’s two losses to UCLA last
week.
Twenty-nine Stanford baseball
alumni will take the field Satur
day against the Indian varsity for
their annual game. Former Stan
ford greats such as Chuck Esse
gian, former Dodger player, and
three other players from the 1953
team, best in Stanford history,
will be present. Game time is 3
p.m. on the Sunken Diamond.
Pitchers Bob Murphy (’53), Ken
Brown (55), and Gil Duncan (’55)
will handle the mound chores for
the alums. Oldest player will be
Bob Burnett (’39). Stanford holds
a 21-5-1 series edge,

Tomorrow the Indians play Cal
Poly at 3 p.m. The Mustangs have
an excellent hitter- in Wayne Ash
ley, who hit two homers in Cal
Poly’s two losses to UCLA last
week.
Twenty-nine Stanford baseball
alumni will take the field Satur
day against the Indian varsity for
their annual game. Former Stan
ford greats such as Chuck Esse
gian, former Dodger player, and
three other players from the 1953
team, best in Stanford history,
will be present. Game time is 3
p.m. on the Sunken Diamond.
Pitchers Bob Murphy (’53), Ken
Brown (55), and Gil Duncan (’55)
will handle the mound chores for
the alums. Oldest player will be
Bob Burnett (’39). Stanford holds
a 21-5-1 series edge,

Tomorrow the Indians play Cal
Poly at 3 p.m. The Mustangs have
an excellent hitter- in Wayne Ash
ley, who hit two homers in Cal
Poly’s two losses to UCLA last
week.
Twenty-nine Stanford baseball
alumni will take the field Satur
day against the Indian varsity for
their annual game. Former Stan
ford greats such as Chuck Esse
gian, former Dodger player, and
three other players from the 1953
team, best in Stanford history,
will be present. Game time is 3
p.m. on the Sunken Diamond.
Pitchers Bob Murphy (’53), Ken
Brown (55), and Gil Duncan (’55)
will handle the mound chores for
the alums. Oldest player will be
Bob Burnett (’39). Stanford holds
a 21-5-1 series edge,

Tomorrow the Indians play Cal
Poly at 3 p.m. The Mustangs have
an excellent hitter- in Wayne Ash
ley, who hit two homers in Cal
Poly’s two losses to UCLA last
week.
Twenty-nine Stanford baseball
alumni will take the field Satur
day against the Indian varsity for
their annual game. Former Stan
ford greats such as Chuck Esse
gian, former Dodger player, and
three other players from the 1953
team, best in Stanford history,
will be present. Game time is 3
p.m. on the Sunken Diamond.
Pitchers Bob Murphy (’53), Ken
Brown (55), and Gil Duncan (’55)
will handle the mound chores for
the alums. Oldest player will be
Bob Burnett (’39). Stanford holds
a 21-5-1 series edge,

Tomorrow the Indians play Cal
Poly at 3 p.m. The Mustangs have
an excellent hitter- in Wayne Ash
ley, who hit two homers in Cal
Poly’s two losses to UCLA last
week.
Twenty-nine Stanford baseball
alumni will take the field Satur
day against the Indian varsity for
their annual game. Former Stan
ford greats such as Chuck Esse
gian, former Dodger player, and
three other players from the 1953
team, best in Stanford history,
will be present. Game time is 3
p.m. on the Sunken Diamond.
Pitchers Bob Murphy (’53), Ken
Brown (55), and Gil Duncan (’55)
will handle the mound chores for
the alums. Oldest player will be
Bob Burnett (’39). Stanford holds
a 21-5-1 series edge,

Tomorrow the Indians play Cal
Poly at 3 p.m. The Mustangs have
an excellent hitter- in Wayne Ash
ley, who hit two homers in Cal
Poly’s two losses to UCLA last
week.
Twenty-nine Stanford baseball
alumni will take the field Satur
day against the Indian varsity for
their annual game. Former Stan
ford greats such as Chuck Esse
gian, former Dodger player, and
three other players from the 1953
team, best in Stanford history,
will be present. Game time is 3
p.m. on the Sunken Diamond.
Pitchers Bob Murphy (’53), Ken
Brown (55), and Gil Duncan (’55)
will handle the mound chores for
the alums. Oldest player will be
Bob Burnett (’39). Stanford holds
a 21-5-1 series edge,

Tomorrow the Indians play Cal
Poly at 3 p.m. The Mustangs have
an excellent hitter- in Wayne Ash
ley, who hit two homers in Cal
Poly’s two losses to UCLA last
week.
Twenty-nine Stanford baseball
alumni will take the field Satur
day against the Indian varsity for
their annual game. Former Stan
ford greats such as Chuck Esse
gian, former Dodger player, and
three other players from the 1953
team, best in Stanford history,
will be present. Game time is 3
p.m. on the Sunken Diamond.
Pitchers Bob Murphy (’53), Ken
Brown (55), and Gil Duncan (’55)
will handle the mound chores for
the alums. Oldest player will be
Bob Burnett (’39). Stanford holds
a 21-5-1 series edge,

Tomorrow the Indians play Cal
Poly at 3 p.m. The Mustangs have
an excellent hitter- in Wayne Ash
ley, who hit two homers in Cal
Poly’s two losses to UCLA last
week.
Twenty-nine Stanford baseball
alumni will take the field Satur
day against the Indian varsity for
their annual game. Former Stan
ford greats such as Chuck Esse
gian, former Dodger player, and
three other players from the 1953
team, best in Stanford history,
will be present. Game time is 3
p.m. on the Sunken Diamond.
Pitchers Bob Murphy (’53), Ken
Brown (55), and Gil Duncan (’55)
will handle the mound chores for
the alums. Oldest player will be
Bob Burnett (’39). Stanford holds
a 21-5-1 series edge,

Tomorrow the Indians play Cal
Poly at 3 p.m. The Mustangs have
an excellent hitter- in Wayne Ash
ley, who hit two homers in Cal
Poly’s two losses to UCLA last
week.
Twenty-nine Stanford baseball
alumni will take the field Satur
day against the Indian varsity for
their annual game. Former Stan
ford greats such as Chuck Esse
gian, former Dodger player, and
three other players from the 1953
team, best in Stanford history,
will be present. Game time is 3
p.m. on the Sunken Diamond.
Pitchers Bob Murphy (’53), Ken
Brown (55), and Gil Duncan (’55)
will handle the mound chores for
the alums. Oldest player will be
Bob Burnett (’39). Stanford holds
a 21-5-1 series edge,

Tomorrow the Indians play Cal
Poly at 3 p.m. The Mustangs have
an excellent hitter- in Wayne Ash
ley, who hit two homers in Cal
Poly’s two losses to UCLA last
week.
Twenty-nine Stanford baseball
alumni will take the field Satur
day against the Indian varsity for
their annual game. Former Stan
ford greats such as Chuck Esse
gian, former Dodger player, and
three other players from the 1953
team, best in Stanford history,
will be present. Game time is 3
p.m. on the Sunken Diamond.
Pitchers Bob Murphy (’53), Ken
Brown (55), and Gil Duncan (’55)
will handle the mound chores for
the alums. Oldest player will be
Bob Burnett (’39). Stanford holds
a 21-5-1 series edge,

Tomorrow the Indians play Cal
Poly at 3 p.m. The Mustangs have
an excellent hitter- in Wayne Ash
ley, who hit two homers in Cal
Poly’s two losses to UCLA last
week.
Twenty-nine Stanford baseball
alumni will take the field Satur
day against the Indian varsity for
their annual game. Former Stan
ford greats such as Chuck Esse
gian, former Dodger player, and
three other players from the 1953
team, best in Stanford history,
will be present. Game time is 3
p.m. on the Sunken Diamond.
Pitchers Bob Murphy (’53), Ken
Brown (55), and Gil Duncan (’55)
will handle the mound chores for
the alums. Oldest player will be
Bob Burnett (’39). Stanford holds
a 21-5-1 series edge,

Tomorrow the Indians play Cal
Poly at 3 p.m. The Mustangs have
an excellent hitter- in Wayne Ash
ley, who hit two homers in Cal
Poly’s two losses to UCLA last
week.
