# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
All publicity for any events —speeches, meetings,
afternoon teas, etc. —must be submitted to the Managing
Editor by 3 p m. two days before the event. The notice
of all such events will apiiear in an enlarged Once
Around the Quad. Some of these notices will also appear
on page one, entirely at the discretion of The Daily.
All publicity for any events —speeches, meetings,
afternoon teas, etc. —must be submitted to the Managing
Editor by 3 p m. two days before the event. The notice
of all such events will apiiear in an enlarged Once
Around the Quad. Some of these notices will also appear
on page one, entirely at the discretion of The Daily.
All publicity for any events —speeches, meetings,
afternoon teas, etc. —must be submitted to the Managing
Editor by 3 p m. two days before the event. The notice
of all such events will apiiear in an enlarged Once
Around the Quad. Some of these notices will also appear
on page one, entirely at the discretion of The Daily.
All publicity for any events —speeches, meetings,
afternoon teas, etc. —must be submitted to the Managing
Editor by 3 p m. two days before the event. The notice
of all such events will apiiear in an enlarged Once
Around the Quad. Some of these notices will also appear
on page one, entirely at the discretion of The Daily.
All publicity for any events —speeches, meetings,
afternoon teas, etc. —must be submitted to the Managing
Editor by 3 p m. two days before the event. The notice
of all such events will apiiear in an enlarged Once
Around the Quad. Some of these notices will also appear
on page one, entirely at the discretion of The Daily.
All publicity for any events —speeches, meetings,
afternoon teas, etc. —must be submitted to the Managing
Editor by 3 p m. two days before the event. The notice
of all such events will apiiear in an enlarged Once
Around the Quad. Some of these notices will also appear
on page one, entirely at the discretion of The Daily.
All publicity for any events —speeches, meetings,
afternoon teas, etc. —must be submitted to the Managing
Editor by 3 p m. two days before the event. The notice
of all such events will apiiear in an enlarged Once
Around the Quad. Some of these notices will also appear
on page one, entirely at the discretion of The Daily.
All publicity for any events —speeches, meetings,
afternoon teas, etc. —must be submitted to the Managing
Editor by 3 p m. two days before the event. The notice
of all such events will apiiear in an enlarged Once
Around the Quad. Some of these notices will also appear
on page one, entirely at the discretion of The Daily.
All publicity for any events —speeches, meetings,
afternoon teas, etc. —must be submitted to the Managing
Editor by 3 p m. two days before the event. The notice
of all such events will apiiear in an enlarged Once
Around the Quad. Some of these notices will also appear
on page one, entirely at the discretion of The Daily.
All publicity for any events —speeches, meetings,
afternoon teas, etc. —must be submitted to the Managing
Editor by 3 p m. two days before the event. The notice
of all such events will apiiear in an enlarged Once
Around the Quad. Some of these notices will also appear
on page one, entirely at the discretion of The Daily.
All publicity for any events —speeches, meetings,
afternoon teas, etc. —must be submitted to the Managing
Editor by 3 p m. two days before the event. The notice
of all such events will apiiear in an enlarged Once
Around the Quad. Some of these notices will also appear
on page one, entirely at the discretion of The Daily.
All publicity for any events —speeches, meetings,
afternoon teas, etc. —must be submitted to the Managing
Editor by 3 p m. two days before the event. The notice
of all such events will apiiear in an enlarged Once
Around the Quad. Some of these notices will also appear
on page one, entirely at the discretion of The Daily.
All publicity for any events —speeches, meetings,
afternoon teas, etc. —must be submitted to the Managing
Editor by 3 p m. two days before the event. The notice
of all such events will apiiear in an enlarged Once
Around the Quad. Some of these notices will also appear
on page one, entirely at the discretion of The Daily.
All publicity for any events —speeches, meetings,
afternoon teas, etc. —must be submitted to the Managing
Editor by 3 p m. two days before the event. The notice
of all such events will apiiear in an enlarged Once
Around the Quad. Some of these notices will also appear
on page one, entirely at the discretion of The Daily.
