# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Next Friday night the Carnot
debate, one of the two principal de
bates of the year, will take place
at the University of California.
Three Stanford men who have given
practically all their time and
efforts to the subject for weeks
past, will meet three California
men similarily prepared, and vic
tory will lie with the man who
proves the best extemporaneous
speaker and makes the ablest argu
ment. In return for the hard
study and sacrifices of the men who
will represent the Cardinal, the
undergraduates owe it to them
that they shall be well backed at
California, There is nothing more
discouraging than to debate before
an audience that is overwhelmingly
hostile. On the other hand, the
presence in the audience of a
goodly number of supporters en
courages the speakers and spurs
them on to their best. Every
Stanford student who is able to do
so should be present at the debate.
If the Stanford men win the cov
eted medal, it will be pleasant to
be there; if they lose, our sympa
thy and active support is no more
than their due.
Next Friday night the Carnot
debate, one of the two principal de
bates of the year, will take place
at the University of California.
Three Stanford men who have given
practically all their time and
efforts to the subject for weeks
past, will meet three California
men similarily prepared, and vic
tory will lie with the man who
proves the best extemporaneous
speaker and makes the ablest argu
ment. In return for the hard
study and sacrifices of the men who
will represent the Cardinal, the
undergraduates owe it to them
that they shall be well backed at
California, There is nothing more
discouraging than to debate before
an audience that is overwhelmingly
hostile. On the other hand, the
presence in the audience of a
goodly number of supporters en
courages the speakers and spurs
them on to their best. Every
Stanford student who is able to do
so should be present at the debate.
If the Stanford men win the cov
eted medal, it will be pleasant to
be there; if they lose, our sympa
thy and active support is no more
than their due.
Next Friday night the Carnot
debate, one of the two principal de
bates of the year, will take place
at the University of California.
Three Stanford men who have given
practically all their time and
efforts to the subject for weeks
past, will meet three California
men similarily prepared, and vic
tory will lie with the man who
proves the best extemporaneous
speaker and makes the ablest argu
ment. In return for the hard
study and sacrifices of the men who
will represent the Cardinal, the
undergraduates owe it to them
that they shall be well backed at
California, There is nothing more
discouraging than to debate before
an audience that is overwhelmingly
hostile. On the other hand, the
presence in the audience of a
goodly number of supporters en
courages the speakers and spurs
them on to their best. Every
Stanford student who is able to do
so should be present at the debate.
If the Stanford men win the cov
eted medal, it will be pleasant to
be there; if they lose, our sympa
thy and active support is no more
than their due.
Next Friday night the Carnot
debate, one of the two principal de
bates of the year, will take place
at the University of California.
Three Stanford men who have given
practically all their time and
efforts to the subject for weeks
past, will meet three California
men similarily prepared, and vic
tory will lie with the man who
proves the best extemporaneous
speaker and makes the ablest argu
ment. In return for the hard
study and sacrifices of the men who
will represent the Cardinal, the
undergraduates owe it to them
that they shall be well backed at
California, There is nothing more
discouraging than to debate before
an audience that is overwhelmingly
hostile. On the other hand, the
presence in the audience of a
goodly number of supporters en
courages the speakers and spurs
them on to their best. Every
Stanford student who is able to do
so should be present at the debate.
If the Stanford men win the cov
eted medal, it will be pleasant to
be there; if they lose, our sympa
thy and active support is no more
than their due.
Next Friday night the Carnot
debate, one of the two principal de
bates of the year, will take place
at the University of California.
Three Stanford men who have given
practically all their time and
efforts to the subject for weeks
past, will meet three California
men similarily prepared, and vic
tory will lie with the man who
proves the best extemporaneous
speaker and makes the ablest argu
ment. In return for the hard
study and sacrifices of the men who
will represent the Cardinal, the
undergraduates owe it to them
that they shall be well backed at
California, There is nothing more
discouraging than to debate before
an audience that is overwhelmingly
hostile. On the other hand, the
presence in the audience of a
goodly number of supporters en
courages the speakers and spurs
them on to their best. Every
Stanford student who is able to do
so should be present at the debate.
If the Stanford men win the cov
eted medal, it will be pleasant to
be there; if they lose, our sympa
thy and active support is no more
than their due.
Next Friday night the Carnot
debate, one of the two principal de
bates of the year, will take place
at the University of California.
Three Stanford men who have given
practically all their time and
efforts to the subject for weeks
past, will meet three California
men similarily prepared, and vic
tory will lie with the man who
proves the best extemporaneous
speaker and makes the ablest argu
ment. In return for the hard
study and sacrifices of the men who
will represent the Cardinal, the
undergraduates owe it to them
that they shall be well backed at
California, There is nothing more
discouraging than to debate before
an audience that is overwhelmingly
hostile. On the other hand, the
presence in the audience of a
goodly number of supporters en
courages the speakers and spurs
them on to their best. Every
Stanford student who is able to do
so should be present at the debate.
If the Stanford men win the cov
eted medal, it will be pleasant to
be there; if they lose, our sympa
thy and active support is no more
than their due.
Next Friday night the Carnot
debate, one of the two principal de
bates of the year, will take place
at the University of California.
Three Stanford men who have given
practically all their time and
efforts to the subject for weeks
past, will meet three California
men similarily prepared, and vic
tory will lie with the man who
proves the best extemporaneous
speaker and makes the ablest argu
ment. In return for the hard
study and sacrifices of the men who
will represent the Cardinal, the
undergraduates owe it to them
that they shall be well backed at
California, There is nothing more
discouraging than to debate before
an audience that is overwhelmingly
hostile. On the other hand, the
presence in the audience of a
goodly number of supporters en
courages the speakers and spurs
them on to their best. Every
Stanford student who is able to do
so should be present at the debate.
If the Stanford men win the cov
eted medal, it will be pleasant to
be there; if they lose, our sympa
thy and active support is no more
than their due.
Next Friday night the Carnot
debate, one of the two principal de
bates of the year, will take place
at the University of California.
Three Stanford men who have given
practically all their time and
efforts to the subject for weeks
past, will meet three California
men similarily prepared, and vic
tory will lie with the man who
proves the best extemporaneous
speaker and makes the ablest argu
ment. In return for the hard
study and sacrifices of the men who
will represent the Cardinal, the
undergraduates owe it to them
that they shall be well backed at
California, There is nothing more
discouraging than to debate before
an audience that is overwhelmingly
hostile. On the other hand, the
presence in the audience of a
goodly number of supporters en
courages the speakers and spurs
them on to their best. Every
Stanford student who is able to do
so should be present at the debate.
If the Stanford men win the cov
eted medal, it will be pleasant to
be there; if they lose, our sympa
thy and active support is no more
than their due.
