# Basket-ball Season Delayed.
## 
### 
The past week has shown very
little improvement in the basket
ball situation. Because of the ur
gent demands for track and base
ball candidates, basket-ball has
suffered, and as a result the interest
has been very low. Practices were
held on Monday, Wednesday, and
Friday evenings of last week, and
it was deemed best to delay the be
ginning of the season a week, and
begin formally next week. There
are barely enough men at present
to make up two teams, but it is
hoped that all men who know any
thing about the game will sign for
basket-ball at once. The schedule
»for the team will probably be ar
ranged Saturday night, when a
meeting of the committee of the
Bay League will be held in San
Francisco.
The past week has shown very
little improvement in the basket
ball situation. Because of the ur
gent demands for track and base
ball candidates, basket-ball has
suffered, and as a result the interest
has been very low. Practices were
held on Monday, Wednesday, and
Friday evenings of last week, and
it was deemed best to delay the be
ginning of the season a week, and
begin formally next week. There
are barely enough men at present
to make up two teams, but it is
hoped that all men who know any
thing about the game will sign for
basket-ball at once. The schedule
»for the team will probably be ar
ranged Saturday night, when a
meeting of the committee of the
Bay League will be held in San
Francisco.
The past week has shown very
little improvement in the basket
ball situation. Because of the ur
gent demands for track and base
ball candidates, basket-ball has
suffered, and as a result the interest
has been very low. Practices were
held on Monday, Wednesday, and
Friday evenings of last week, and
it was deemed best to delay the be
ginning of the season a week, and
begin formally next week. There
are barely enough men at present
to make up two teams, but it is
hoped that all men who know any
thing about the game will sign for
basket-ball at once. The schedule
»for the team will probably be ar
ranged Saturday night, when a
meeting of the committee of the
Bay League will be held in San
Francisco.
The past week has shown very
little improvement in the basket
ball situation. Because of the ur
gent demands for track and base
ball candidates, basket-ball has
suffered, and as a result the interest
has been very low. Practices were
held on Monday, Wednesday, and
Friday evenings of last week, and
it was deemed best to delay the be
ginning of the season a week, and
begin formally next week. There
are barely enough men at present
to make up two teams, but it is
hoped that all men who know any
thing about the game will sign for
basket-ball at once. The schedule
»for the team will probably be ar
ranged Saturday night, when a
meeting of the committee of the
Bay League will be held in San
Francisco.
The past week has shown very
little improvement in the basket
ball situation. Because of the ur
gent demands for track and base
ball candidates, basket-ball has
suffered, and as a result the interest
has been very low. Practices were
held on Monday, Wednesday, and
Friday evenings of last week, and
it was deemed best to delay the be
ginning of the season a week, and
begin formally next week. There
are barely enough men at present
to make up two teams, but it is
hoped that all men who know any
thing about the game will sign for
basket-ball at once. The schedule
»for the team will probably be ar
ranged Saturday night, when a
meeting of the committee of the
Bay League will be held in San
Francisco.
The past week has shown very
little improvement in the basket
ball situation. Because of the ur
gent demands for track and base
ball candidates, basket-ball has
suffered, and as a result the interest
has been very low. Practices were
held on Monday, Wednesday, and
Friday evenings of last week, and
it was deemed best to delay the be
ginning of the season a week, and
begin formally next week. There
are barely enough men at present
to make up two teams, but it is
hoped that all men who know any
thing about the game will sign for
basket-ball at once. The schedule
»for the team will probably be ar
ranged Saturday night, when a
meeting of the committee of the
Bay League will be held in San
Francisco.
The past week has shown very
little improvement in the basket
ball situation. Because of the ur
gent demands for track and base
ball candidates, basket-ball has
suffered, and as a result the interest
has been very low. Practices were
held on Monday, Wednesday, and
Friday evenings of last week, and
it was deemed best to delay the be
ginning of the season a week, and
begin formally next week. There
are barely enough men at present
to make up two teams, but it is
hoped that all men who know any
thing about the game will sign for
basket-ball at once. The schedule
»for the team will probably be ar
ranged Saturday night, when a
meeting of the committee of the
Bay League will be held in San
Francisco.
The past week has shown very
little improvement in the basket
ball situation. Because of the ur
gent demands for track and base
ball candidates, basket-ball has
suffered, and as a result the interest
has been very low. Practices were
held on Monday, Wednesday, and
Friday evenings of last week, and
it was deemed best to delay the be
ginning of the season a week, and
begin formally next week. There
are barely enough men at present
to make up two teams, but it is
hoped that all men who know any
thing about the game will sign for
basket-ball at once. The schedule
»for the team will probably be ar
ranged Saturday night, when a
meeting of the committee of the
Bay League will be held in San
Francisco.
