# Job Service Changes Office
## 
### 
The Stanford University Place
ment Services hits moved to the
newly refurbished first floor of
the west wing in Encina Hall.
The Student Employment office
for part-time work is located in
side the entrance door. Offices
concerned specifically with career
placement occupy the main sec
tion of the suite.
One of the added facilities in
the new location is a separate
library where company, college,
and school brochures can be
browsed through. Ten individual
interview rooms are provided for
confidential discussions with em
ployer representatives.
Besides the formal interviews,
the Placement Services provide
job information and lists job
opening* that occur year around.
The Stanford University Place
ment Services hits moved to the
newly refurbished first floor of
the west wing in Encina Hall.
The Student Employment office
for part-time work is located in
side the entrance door. Offices
concerned specifically with career
placement occupy the main sec
tion of the suite.
One of the added facilities in
the new location is a separate
library where company, college,
and school brochures can be
browsed through. Ten individual
interview rooms are provided for
confidential discussions with em
ployer representatives.
Besides the formal interviews,
the Placement Services provide
job information and lists job
opening* that occur year around.
The Stanford University Place
ment Services hits moved to the
newly refurbished first floor of
the west wing in Encina Hall.
The Student Employment office
for part-time work is located in
side the entrance door. Offices
concerned specifically with career
placement occupy the main sec
tion of the suite.
One of the added facilities in
the new location is a separate
library where company, college,
and school brochures can be
browsed through. Ten individual
interview rooms are provided for
confidential discussions with em
ployer representatives.
Besides the formal interviews,
the Placement Services provide
job information and lists job
opening* that occur year around.
The Stanford University Place
ment Services hits moved to the
newly refurbished first floor of
the west wing in Encina Hall.
The Student Employment office
for part-time work is located in
side the entrance door. Offices
concerned specifically with career
placement occupy the main sec
tion of the suite.
One of the added facilities in
the new location is a separate
library where company, college,
and school brochures can be
browsed through. Ten individual
interview rooms are provided for
confidential discussions with em
ployer representatives.
Besides the formal interviews,
the Placement Services provide
job information and lists job
opening* that occur year around.
The Stanford University Place
ment Services hits moved to the
newly refurbished first floor of
the west wing in Encina Hall.
The Student Employment office
for part-time work is located in
side the entrance door. Offices
concerned specifically with career
placement occupy the main sec
tion of the suite.
One of the added facilities in
the new location is a separate
library where company, college,
and school brochures can be
browsed through. Ten individual
interview rooms are provided for
confidential discussions with em
ployer representatives.
Besides the formal interviews,
the Placement Services provide
job information and lists job
opening* that occur year around.
The Stanford University Place
ment Services hits moved to the
newly refurbished first floor of
the west wing in Encina Hall.
The Student Employment office
for part-time work is located in
side the entrance door. Offices
concerned specifically with career
placement occupy the main sec
tion of the suite.
One of the added facilities in
the new location is a separate
library where company, college,
and school brochures can be
browsed through. Ten individual
interview rooms are provided for
confidential discussions with em
ployer representatives.
Besides the formal interviews,
the Placement Services provide
job information and lists job
opening* that occur year around.
The Stanford University Place
ment Services hits moved to the
newly refurbished first floor of
the west wing in Encina Hall.
The Student Employment office
for part-time work is located in
side the entrance door. Offices
concerned specifically with career
placement occupy the main sec
tion of the suite.
One of the added facilities in
the new location is a separate
library where company, college,
and school brochures can be
browsed through. Ten individual
interview rooms are provided for
confidential discussions with em
ployer representatives.
Besides the formal interviews,
the Placement Services provide
job information and lists job
opening* that occur year around.
The Stanford University Place
ment Services hits moved to the
newly refurbished first floor of
the west wing in Encina Hall.
The Student Employment office
for part-time work is located in
side the entrance door. Offices
concerned specifically with career
placement occupy the main sec
tion of the suite.
One of the added facilities in
the new location is a separate
library where company, college,
and school brochures can be
browsed through. Ten individual
interview rooms are provided for
confidential discussions with em
ployer representatives.
Besides the formal interviews,
the Placement Services provide
job information and lists job
opening* that occur year around.
The Stanford University Place
ment Services hits moved to the
newly refurbished first floor of
the west wing in Encina Hall.
The Student Employment office
for part-time work is located in
side the entrance door. Offices
concerned specifically with career
placement occupy the main sec
tion of the suite.
One of the added facilities in
the new location is a separate
library where company, college,
and school brochures can be
browsed through. Ten individual
interview rooms are provided for
confidential discussions with em
ployer representatives.
Besides the formal interviews,
the Placement Services provide
job information and lists job
opening* that occur year around.
The Stanford University Place
ment Services hits moved to the
newly refurbished first floor of
the west wing in Encina Hall.
The Student Employment office
for part-time work is located in
side the entrance door. Offices
concerned specifically with career
placement occupy the main sec
tion of the suite.
One of the added facilities in
the new location is a separate
library where company, college,
and school brochures can be
browsed through. Ten individual
interview rooms are provided for
confidential discussions with em
ployer representatives.
Besides the formal interviews,
the Placement Services provide
job information and lists job
opening* that occur year around.
The Stanford University Place
ment Services hits moved to the
newly refurbished first floor of
the west wing in Encina Hall.
The Student Employment office
for part-time work is located in
side the entrance door. Offices
concerned specifically with career
placement occupy the main sec
tion of the suite.
One of the added facilities in
the new location is a separate
library where company, college,
and school brochures can be
browsed through. Ten individual
interview rooms are provided for
confidential discussions with em
ployer representatives.
Besides the formal interviews,
the Placement Services provide
job information and lists job
opening* that occur year around.
The Stanford University Place
ment Services hits moved to the
newly refurbished first floor of
the west wing in Encina Hall.
The Student Employment office
for part-time work is located in
side the entrance door. Offices
concerned specifically with career
placement occupy the main sec
tion of the suite.
One of the added facilities in
the new location is a separate
library where company, college,
and school brochures can be
browsed through. Ten individual
interview rooms are provided for
confidential discussions with em
ployer representatives.
Besides the formal interviews,
the Placement Services provide
job information and lists job
opening* that occur year around.
The Stanford University Place
ment Services hits moved to the
newly refurbished first floor of
the west wing in Encina Hall.
The Student Employment office
for part-time work is located in
side the entrance door. Offices
concerned specifically with career
placement occupy the main sec
tion of the suite.
One of the added facilities in
the new location is a separate
library where company, college,
and school brochures can be
browsed through. Ten individual
interview rooms are provided for
confidential discussions with em
ployer representatives.
Besides the formal interviews,
the Placement Services provide
job information and lists job
opening* that occur year around.
The Stanford University Place
ment Services hits moved to the
newly refurbished first floor of
the west wing in Encina Hall.
The Student Employment office
for part-time work is located in
side the entrance door. Offices
concerned specifically with career
placement occupy the main sec
tion of the suite.
One of the added facilities in
the new location is a separate
library where company, college,
and school brochures can be
browsed through. Ten individual
interview rooms are provided for
confidential discussions with em
ployer representatives.
Besides the formal interviews,
the Placement Services provide
job information and lists job
opening* that occur year around.
The Stanford University Place
ment Services hits moved to the
newly refurbished first floor of
the west wing in Encina Hall.
The Student Employment office
for part-time work is located in
side the entrance door. Offices
concerned specifically with career
placement occupy the main sec
tion of the suite.
One of the added facilities in
the new location is a separate
library where company, college,
and school brochures can be
browsed through. Ten individual
interview rooms are provided for
confidential discussions with em
ployer representatives.
Besides the formal interviews,
the Placement Services provide
job information and lists job
opening* that occur year around.
The Stanford University Place
ment Services hits moved to the
newly refurbished first floor of
the west wing in Encina Hall.
The Student Employment office
for part-time work is located in
side the entrance door. Offices
concerned specifically with career
placement occupy the main sec
tion of the suite.
One of the added facilities in
the new location is a separate
library where company, college,
and school brochures can be
browsed through. Ten individual
interview rooms are provided for
confidential discussions with em
ployer representatives.
Besides the formal interviews,
the Placement Services provide
job information and lists job
opening* that occur year around.
