# Senior Olympics Kicks Off Reunion
## 
### 
Senior activities will be kicked
off with an Olympic Day on Fri
day, from 3 p.m. to (i p.m. at
Rosotti's Alpine Beer Garden.
Competition will be initiated by
30 toga-clad participants racing
from the Cellar at 2:30 carrying
the Olympic torch. Woman en
trants may spell the runners.
Every Stanford student over 21
is invited by Martin Parsons to
hear the group from Hambone's,
featuring Mare Frauldin at the
piano, at the reunion on Zott's
new lawn. For information call
Louie Nordby, Phi Psi; Stu
j Waldrip, Zete; or Chris Moore,
I Theta Delt.
Senior activities will be kicked
off with an Olympic Day on Fri
day, from 3 p.m. to (i p.m. at
Rosotti's Alpine Beer Garden.
Competition will be initiated by
30 toga-clad participants racing
from the Cellar at 2:30 carrying
the Olympic torch. Woman en
trants may spell the runners.
Every Stanford student over 21
is invited by Martin Parsons to
hear the group from Hambone's,
featuring Mare Frauldin at the
piano, at the reunion on Zott's
new lawn. For information call
Louie Nordby, Phi Psi; Stu
j Waldrip, Zete; or Chris Moore,
I Theta Delt.
Senior activities will be kicked
off with an Olympic Day on Fri
day, from 3 p.m. to (i p.m. at
Rosotti's Alpine Beer Garden.
Competition will be initiated by
30 toga-clad participants racing
from the Cellar at 2:30 carrying
the Olympic torch. Woman en
trants may spell the runners.
Every Stanford student over 21
is invited by Martin Parsons to
hear the group from Hambone's,
featuring Mare Frauldin at the
piano, at the reunion on Zott's
new lawn. For information call
Louie Nordby, Phi Psi; Stu
j Waldrip, Zete; or Chris Moore,
I Theta Delt.
Senior activities will be kicked
off with an Olympic Day on Fri
day, from 3 p.m. to (i p.m. at
Rosotti's Alpine Beer Garden.
Competition will be initiated by
30 toga-clad participants racing
from the Cellar at 2:30 carrying
the Olympic torch. Woman en
trants may spell the runners.
Every Stanford student over 21
is invited by Martin Parsons to
hear the group from Hambone's,
featuring Mare Frauldin at the
piano, at the reunion on Zott's
new lawn. For information call
Louie Nordby, Phi Psi; Stu
j Waldrip, Zete; or Chris Moore,
I Theta Delt.
Senior activities will be kicked
off with an Olympic Day on Fri
day, from 3 p.m. to (i p.m. at
Rosotti's Alpine Beer Garden.
Competition will be initiated by
30 toga-clad participants racing
from the Cellar at 2:30 carrying
the Olympic torch. Woman en
trants may spell the runners.
Every Stanford student over 21
is invited by Martin Parsons to
hear the group from Hambone's,
featuring Mare Frauldin at the
piano, at the reunion on Zott's
new lawn. For information call
Louie Nordby, Phi Psi; Stu
j Waldrip, Zete; or Chris Moore,
I Theta Delt.
Senior activities will be kicked
off with an Olympic Day on Fri
day, from 3 p.m. to (i p.m. at
Rosotti's Alpine Beer Garden.
Competition will be initiated by
30 toga-clad participants racing
from the Cellar at 2:30 carrying
the Olympic torch. Woman en
trants may spell the runners.
Every Stanford student over 21
is invited by Martin Parsons to
hear the group from Hambone's,
featuring Mare Frauldin at the
piano, at the reunion on Zott's
new lawn. For information call
Louie Nordby, Phi Psi; Stu
j Waldrip, Zete; or Chris Moore,
I Theta Delt.
Senior activities will be kicked
off with an Olympic Day on Fri
day, from 3 p.m. to (i p.m. at
Rosotti's Alpine Beer Garden.
Competition will be initiated by
30 toga-clad participants racing
from the Cellar at 2:30 carrying
the Olympic torch. Woman en
trants may spell the runners.
Every Stanford student over 21
is invited by Martin Parsons to
hear the group from Hambone's,
featuring Mare Frauldin at the
piano, at the reunion on Zott's
new lawn. For information call
Louie Nordby, Phi Psi; Stu
j Waldrip, Zete; or Chris Moore,
I Theta Delt.
Senior activities will be kicked
off with an Olympic Day on Fri
day, from 3 p.m. to (i p.m. at
Rosotti's Alpine Beer Garden.
Competition will be initiated by
30 toga-clad participants racing
from the Cellar at 2:30 carrying
the Olympic torch. Woman en
trants may spell the runners.
Every Stanford student over 21
is invited by Martin Parsons to
hear the group from Hambone's,
featuring Mare Frauldin at the
piano, at the reunion on Zott's
new lawn. For information call
Louie Nordby, Phi Psi; Stu
j Waldrip, Zete; or Chris Moore,
I Theta Delt.
Senior activities will be kicked
off with an Olympic Day on Fri
day, from 3 p.m. to (i p.m. at
Rosotti's Alpine Beer Garden.
Competition will be initiated by
30 toga-clad participants racing
from the Cellar at 2:30 carrying
the Olympic torch. Woman en
trants may spell the runners.
Every Stanford student over 21
is invited by Martin Parsons to
hear the group from Hambone's,
featuring Mare Frauldin at the
piano, at the reunion on Zott's
new lawn. For information call
Louie Nordby, Phi Psi; Stu
j Waldrip, Zete; or Chris Moore,
I Theta Delt.
Senior activities will be kicked
off with an Olympic Day on Fri
day, from 3 p.m. to (i p.m. at
Rosotti's Alpine Beer Garden.
Competition will be initiated by
30 toga-clad participants racing
from the Cellar at 2:30 carrying
the Olympic torch. Woman en
trants may spell the runners.
Every Stanford student over 21
is invited by Martin Parsons to
hear the group from Hambone's,
featuring Mare Frauldin at the
piano, at the reunion on Zott's
new lawn. For information call
Louie Nordby, Phi Psi; Stu
j Waldrip, Zete; or Chris Moore,
I Theta Delt.
Senior activities will be kicked
off with an Olympic Day on Fri
day, from 3 p.m. to (i p.m. at
Rosotti's Alpine Beer Garden.
Competition will be initiated by
30 toga-clad participants racing
from the Cellar at 2:30 carrying
the Olympic torch. Woman en
trants may spell the runners.
Every Stanford student over 21
is invited by Martin Parsons to
hear the group from Hambone's,
featuring Mare Frauldin at the
piano, at the reunion on Zott's
new lawn. For information call
Louie Nordby, Phi Psi; Stu
j Waldrip, Zete; or Chris Moore,
I Theta Delt.
Senior activities will be kicked
off with an Olympic Day on Fri
day, from 3 p.m. to (i p.m. at
Rosotti's Alpine Beer Garden.
Competition will be initiated by
30 toga-clad participants racing
from the Cellar at 2:30 carrying
the Olympic torch. Woman en
trants may spell the runners.
Every Stanford student over 21
is invited by Martin Parsons to
hear the group from Hambone's,
featuring Mare Frauldin at the
piano, at the reunion on Zott's
new lawn. For information call
Louie Nordby, Phi Psi; Stu
j Waldrip, Zete; or Chris Moore,
I Theta Delt.
Senior activities will be kicked
off with an Olympic Day on Fri
day, from 3 p.m. to (i p.m. at
Rosotti's Alpine Beer Garden.
Competition will be initiated by
30 toga-clad participants racing
from the Cellar at 2:30 carrying
the Olympic torch. Woman en
trants may spell the runners.
Every Stanford student over 21
is invited by Martin Parsons to
hear the group from Hambone's,
featuring Mare Frauldin at the
piano, at the reunion on Zott's
new lawn. For information call
Louie Nordby, Phi Psi; Stu
j Waldrip, Zete; or Chris Moore,
I Theta Delt.
Senior activities will be kicked
off with an Olympic Day on Fri
day, from 3 p.m. to (i p.m. at
Rosotti's Alpine Beer Garden.
Competition will be initiated by
30 toga-clad participants racing
from the Cellar at 2:30 carrying
the Olympic torch. Woman en
trants may spell the runners.
Every Stanford student over 21
is invited by Martin Parsons to
hear the group from Hambone's,
featuring Mare Frauldin at the
piano, at the reunion on Zott's
new lawn. For information call
Louie Nordby, Phi Psi; Stu
j Waldrip, Zete; or Chris Moore,
I Theta Delt.
Senior activities will be kicked
off with an Olympic Day on Fri
day, from 3 p.m. to (i p.m. at
Rosotti's Alpine Beer Garden.
Competition will be initiated by
30 toga-clad participants racing
from the Cellar at 2:30 carrying
the Olympic torch. Woman en
trants may spell the runners.
Every Stanford student over 21
is invited by Martin Parsons to
hear the group from Hambone's,
featuring Mare Frauldin at the
piano, at the reunion on Zott's
new lawn. For information call
Louie Nordby, Phi Psi; Stu
j Waldrip, Zete; or Chris Moore,
I Theta Delt.
Senior activities will be kicked
off with an Olympic Day on Fri
day, from 3 p.m. to (i p.m. at
Rosotti's Alpine Beer Garden.
Competition will be initiated by
30 toga-clad participants racing
from the Cellar at 2:30 carrying
the Olympic torch. Woman en
trants may spell the runners.
Every Stanford student over 21
is invited by Martin Parsons to
hear the group from Hambone's,
featuring Mare Frauldin at the
piano, at the reunion on Zott's
new lawn. For information call
Louie Nordby, Phi Psi; Stu
j Waldrip, Zete; or Chris Moore,
I Theta Delt.
