# Job Interview Sign-ups
## 
### 
Schedules may be signed at the
Placement Service for the follow
ing job interviews:
Itank of America National
Trust and Savings Association:
Interviews April 27 for positions
throughout California. Openings
for A.B. and M.B.A. in business
administration and related fields.
Applicant need not be a U.S. citi
zen.
Colgate â€¢ Palinolive Company:
Interviews April 27 for positions
in Berkeley, Kansas City, Jeffer
sonville or Jersey City. Openings
for 8.5., M.S. in 1.E., C.E. and
Chem. E. or 8.5., M.S. in business
-lOIN THE DAILY STAFF
THE DAILY NEEDS YOU

administration, accounting, pur
chasing, traffic, credit and pro
duction.
11. C. Capwell Company: Inter
views April 27 and 29 for posi
tions in Oakland, Walnut Creek,
Hayward or El Cerrito. Openings
for M.E., B.S. or M.S., business j
administration.
Hughes Aircraft Company: In
terviews April 27 for positions in
the Greater L.A. area. Openings
for B.S. in engineering, prefer
ably E.E. and M.B.A. in physics.
Ly brand, Ross Brothers and
Montgomery: Interviews April 27
for positions in the kindergarten .
through sixth grade, vocal music
and psychometrist.
