# Ping-Pong
## 
### 
There are still 3,500 tickets left
for the ping-pong exhibition by
the People's Republic of China's
championship team in Maples
Pavilion tomorrow afternoon at 3
p.m.
A spokesman for the athletic
department said last night he
expects all tickets to be sold by
the time the athletic department
ticket office closes today at 5
p.m. The office opens at 8 a.m.
There are still 3,500 tickets left
for the ping-pong exhibition by
the People's Republic of China's
championship team in Maples
Pavilion tomorrow afternoon at 3
p.m.
A spokesman for the athletic
department said last night he
expects all tickets to be sold by
the time the athletic department
ticket office closes today at 5
p.m. The office opens at 8 a.m.
There are still 3,500 tickets left
for the ping-pong exhibition by
the People's Republic of China's
championship team in Maples
Pavilion tomorrow afternoon at 3
p.m.
A spokesman for the athletic
department said last night he
expects all tickets to be sold by
the time the athletic department
ticket office closes today at 5
p.m. The office opens at 8 a.m.
There are still 3,500 tickets left
for the ping-pong exhibition by
the People's Republic of China's
championship team in Maples
Pavilion tomorrow afternoon at 3
p.m.
A spokesman for the athletic
department said last night he
expects all tickets to be sold by
the time the athletic department
ticket office closes today at 5
p.m. The office opens at 8 a.m.
There are still 3,500 tickets left
for the ping-pong exhibition by
the People's Republic of China's
championship team in Maples
Pavilion tomorrow afternoon at 3
p.m.
A spokesman for the athletic
department said last night he
expects all tickets to be sold by
the time the athletic department
ticket office closes today at 5
p.m. The office opens at 8 a.m.
There are still 3,500 tickets left
for the ping-pong exhibition by
the People's Republic of China's
championship team in Maples
Pavilion tomorrow afternoon at 3
p.m.
A spokesman for the athletic
department said last night he
expects all tickets to be sold by
the time the athletic department
ticket office closes today at 5
p.m. The office opens at 8 a.m.
There are still 3,500 tickets left
for the ping-pong exhibition by
the People's Republic of China's
championship team in Maples
Pavilion tomorrow afternoon at 3
p.m.
A spokesman for the athletic
department said last night he
expects all tickets to be sold by
the time the athletic department
ticket office closes today at 5
p.m. The office opens at 8 a.m.
There are still 3,500 tickets left
for the ping-pong exhibition by
the People's Republic of China's
championship team in Maples
Pavilion tomorrow afternoon at 3
p.m.
A spokesman for the athletic
department said last night he
expects all tickets to be sold by
the time the athletic department
ticket office closes today at 5
p.m. The office opens at 8 a.m.
There are still 3,500 tickets left
for the ping-pong exhibition by
the People's Republic of China's
championship team in Maples
Pavilion tomorrow afternoon at 3
p.m.
A spokesman for the athletic
department said last night he
expects all tickets to be sold by
the time the athletic department
ticket office closes today at 5
p.m. The office opens at 8 a.m.
There are still 3,500 tickets left
for the ping-pong exhibition by
the People's Republic of China's
championship team in Maples
Pavilion tomorrow afternoon at 3
p.m.
A spokesman for the athletic
department said last night he
expects all tickets to be sold by
the time the athletic department
ticket office closes today at 5
p.m. The office opens at 8 a.m.
There are still 3,500 tickets left
for the ping-pong exhibition by
the People's Republic of China's
championship team in Maples
Pavilion tomorrow afternoon at 3
p.m.
A spokesman for the athletic
department said last night he
expects all tickets to be sold by
the time the athletic department
ticket office closes today at 5
p.m. The office opens at 8 a.m.
There are still 3,500 tickets left
for the ping-pong exhibition by
the People's Republic of China's
championship team in Maples
Pavilion tomorrow afternoon at 3
p.m.
A spokesman for the athletic
department said last night he
expects all tickets to be sold by
the time the athletic department
ticket office closes today at 5
p.m. The office opens at 8 a.m.
There are still 3,500 tickets left
for the ping-pong exhibition by
the People's Republic of China's
championship team in Maples
Pavilion tomorrow afternoon at 3
p.m.
A spokesman for the athletic
department said last night he
expects all tickets to be sold by
the time the athletic department
ticket office closes today at 5
p.m. The office opens at 8 a.m.
