# YES OR NO?
## 
### 

Although official word of Dr. Wil
bur's appointment to the position of
Secretary of the Interior under Presi
dent-elect Hoover has not been re
ceived, authoritative sources of infor
mation here and at Washington indi
cate that it will soon be forthcoming.

Although official word of Dr. Wil
bur's appointment to the position of
Secretary of the Interior under Presi
dent-elect Hoover has not been re
ceived, authoritative sources of infor
mation here and at Washington indi
cate that it will soon be forthcoming.

Although official word of Dr. Wil
bur's appointment to the position of
Secretary of the Interior under Presi
dent-elect Hoover has not been re
ceived, authoritative sources of infor
mation here and at Washington indi
cate that it will soon be forthcoming.

Although official word of Dr. Wil
bur's appointment to the position of
Secretary of the Interior under Presi
dent-elect Hoover has not been re
ceived, authoritative sources of infor
mation here and at Washington indi
cate that it will soon be forthcoming.

Although official word of Dr. Wil
bur's appointment to the position of
Secretary of the Interior under Presi
dent-elect Hoover has not been re
ceived, authoritative sources of infor
mation here and at Washington indi
cate that it will soon be forthcoming.

Although official word of Dr. Wil
bur's appointment to the position of
Secretary of the Interior under Presi
dent-elect Hoover has not been re
ceived, authoritative sources of infor
mation here and at Washington indi
cate that it will soon be forthcoming.

Although official word of Dr. Wil
bur's appointment to the position of
Secretary of the Interior under Presi
dent-elect Hoover has not been re
ceived, authoritative sources of infor
mation here and at Washington indi
cate that it will soon be forthcoming.

Although official word of Dr. Wil
bur's appointment to the position of
Secretary of the Interior under Presi
dent-elect Hoover has not been re
ceived, authoritative sources of infor
mation here and at Washington indi
cate that it will soon be forthcoming.

Although official word of Dr. Wil
bur's appointment to the position of
Secretary of the Interior under Presi
dent-elect Hoover has not been re
ceived, authoritative sources of infor
mation here and at Washington indi
cate that it will soon be forthcoming.

Although official word of Dr. Wil
bur's appointment to the position of
Secretary of the Interior under Presi
dent-elect Hoover has not been re
ceived, authoritative sources of infor
mation here and at Washington indi
cate that it will soon be forthcoming.

Although official word of Dr. Wil
bur's appointment to the position of
Secretary of the Interior under Presi
dent-elect Hoover has not been re
ceived, authoritative sources of infor
mation here and at Washington indi
cate that it will soon be forthcoming.

Although official word of Dr. Wil
bur's appointment to the position of
Secretary of the Interior under Presi
dent-elect Hoover has not been re
ceived, authoritative sources of infor
mation here and at Washington indi
cate that it will soon be forthcoming.

Although official word of Dr. Wil
bur's appointment to the position of
Secretary of the Interior under Presi
dent-elect Hoover has not been re
ceived, authoritative sources of infor
mation here and at Washington indi
cate that it will soon be forthcoming.

Although official word of Dr. Wil
bur's appointment to the position of
Secretary of the Interior under Presi
dent-elect Hoover has not been re
ceived, authoritative sources of infor
mation here and at Washington indi
cate that it will soon be forthcoming.

Although official word of Dr. Wil
bur's appointment to the position of
Secretary of the Interior under Presi
dent-elect Hoover has not been re
ceived, authoritative sources of infor
mation here and at Washington indi
cate that it will soon be forthcoming.

Although official word of Dr. Wil
bur's appointment to the position of
Secretary of the Interior under Presi
dent-elect Hoover has not been re
ceived, authoritative sources of infor
mation here and at Washington indi
cate that it will soon be forthcoming.

Although official word of Dr. Wil
bur's appointment to the position of
Secretary of the Interior under Presi
dent-elect Hoover has not been re
ceived, authoritative sources of infor
mation here and at Washington indi
cate that it will soon be forthcoming.
