# TV to Feature Sterling Sunday
## 
### 
President Wallace Sterling will
appear on a new CBS television
discussion program, "The Cheat
Challenge," this Sunday after
noon from 2 to 3 over KPIX,
Channel 5, in San Francisco.,
The nationwide show will origi
nate in the new Rockefeller Insti
tute auditorium in New York. Ii
will assess the problems facing
education today and study the di
rection America should take to
solve them.
Dr. Sterling, a historian, was a
CBS news commentator during
World War II while he was on
the faculty of the California In
stitute of Technology. He later
became director of the Hunting
ton Library, and, in 1919, presi
dent of Stanford.
