# New Libe Hours
## 
### 
The Humanities and Social Sci
ences looms in Ihe Main Library
will be open between 7 and 1.0 p.m.
for I lie last four Sundays of win
lei' quarter, it was announced yes-
II will not be possible to check
out hooks at these times, as the
rooms are for s I u d y purposes
only, Grieder said. He expressed
the hope I hat. as supervision will
be at a minimum, students will
assume the responsibility of main
taining silence.
The Humanities and Social Sci
ences looms in Ihe Main Library
will be open between 7 and 1.0 p.m.
for I lie last four Sundays of win
lei' quarter, it was announced yes-
II will not be possible to check
out hooks at these times, as the
rooms are for s I u d y purposes
only, Grieder said. He expressed
the hope I hat. as supervision will
be at a minimum, students will
assume the responsibility of main
taining silence.
The Humanities and Social Sci
ences looms in Ihe Main Library
will be open between 7 and 1.0 p.m.
for I lie last four Sundays of win
lei' quarter, it was announced yes-
II will not be possible to check
out hooks at these times, as the
rooms are for s I u d y purposes
only, Grieder said. He expressed
the hope I hat. as supervision will
be at a minimum, students will
assume the responsibility of main
taining silence.
The Humanities and Social Sci
ences looms in Ihe Main Library
will be open between 7 and 1.0 p.m.
for I lie last four Sundays of win
lei' quarter, it was announced yes-
II will not be possible to check
out hooks at these times, as the
rooms are for s I u d y purposes
only, Grieder said. He expressed
the hope I hat. as supervision will
be at a minimum, students will
assume the responsibility of main
taining silence.
The Humanities and Social Sci
ences looms in Ihe Main Library
will be open between 7 and 1.0 p.m.
for I lie last four Sundays of win
lei' quarter, it was announced yes-
II will not be possible to check
out hooks at these times, as the
rooms are for s I u d y purposes
only, Grieder said. He expressed
the hope I hat. as supervision will
be at a minimum, students will
assume the responsibility of main
taining silence.
The Humanities and Social Sci
ences looms in Ihe Main Library
will be open between 7 and 1.0 p.m.
for I lie last four Sundays of win
lei' quarter, it was announced yes-
II will not be possible to check
out hooks at these times, as the
rooms are for s I u d y purposes
only, Grieder said. He expressed
the hope I hat. as supervision will
be at a minimum, students will
assume the responsibility of main
taining silence.
The Humanities and Social Sci
ences looms in Ihe Main Library
will be open between 7 and 1.0 p.m.
for I lie last four Sundays of win
lei' quarter, it was announced yes-
II will not be possible to check
out hooks at these times, as the
rooms are for s I u d y purposes
only, Grieder said. He expressed
the hope I hat. as supervision will
be at a minimum, students will
assume the responsibility of main
taining silence.
The Humanities and Social Sci
ences looms in Ihe Main Library
will be open between 7 and 1.0 p.m.
for I lie last four Sundays of win
lei' quarter, it was announced yes-
II will not be possible to check
out hooks at these times, as the
rooms are for s I u d y purposes
only, Grieder said. He expressed
the hope I hat. as supervision will
be at a minimum, students will
assume the responsibility of main
taining silence.
The Humanities and Social Sci
ences looms in Ihe Main Library
will be open between 7 and 1.0 p.m.
for I lie last four Sundays of win
lei' quarter, it was announced yes-
II will not be possible to check
out hooks at these times, as the
rooms are for s I u d y purposes
only, Grieder said. He expressed
the hope I hat. as supervision will
be at a minimum, students will
assume the responsibility of main
taining silence.
The Humanities and Social Sci
ences looms in Ihe Main Library
will be open between 7 and 1.0 p.m.
for I lie last four Sundays of win
lei' quarter, it was announced yes-
II will not be possible to check
out hooks at these times, as the
rooms are for s I u d y purposes
only, Grieder said. He expressed
the hope I hat. as supervision will
be at a minimum, students will
assume the responsibility of main
taining silence.
The Humanities and Social Sci
ences looms in Ihe Main Library
will be open between 7 and 1.0 p.m.
for I lie last four Sundays of win
lei' quarter, it was announced yes-
II will not be possible to check
out hooks at these times, as the
rooms are for s I u d y purposes
only, Grieder said. He expressed
the hope I hat. as supervision will
be at a minimum, students will
assume the responsibility of main
taining silence.
The Humanities and Social Sci
ences looms in Ihe Main Library
will be open between 7 and 1.0 p.m.
for I lie last four Sundays of win
lei' quarter, it was announced yes-
II will not be possible to check
out hooks at these times, as the
rooms are for s I u d y purposes
only, Grieder said. He expressed
the hope I hat. as supervision will
be at a minimum, students will
assume the responsibility of main
taining silence.
The Humanities and Social Sci
ences looms in Ihe Main Library
will be open between 7 and 1.0 p.m.
for I lie last four Sundays of win
lei' quarter, it was announced yes-
II will not be possible to check
out hooks at these times, as the
rooms are for s I u d y purposes
only, Grieder said. He expressed
the hope I hat. as supervision will
be at a minimum, students will
assume the responsibility of main
taining silence.
The Humanities and Social Sci
ences looms in Ihe Main Library
will be open between 7 and 1.0 p.m.
for I lie last four Sundays of win
lei' quarter, it was announced yes-
II will not be possible to check
out hooks at these times, as the
rooms are for s I u d y purposes
only, Grieder said. He expressed
the hope I hat. as supervision will
be at a minimum, students will
assume the responsibility of main
taining silence.
The Humanities and Social Sci
ences looms in Ihe Main Library
will be open between 7 and 1.0 p.m.
for I lie last four Sundays of win
lei' quarter, it was announced yes-
II will not be possible to check
out hooks at these times, as the
rooms are for s I u d y purposes
only, Grieder said. He expressed
the hope I hat. as supervision will
be at a minimum, students will
assume the responsibility of main
taining silence.
The Humanities and Social Sci
ences looms in Ihe Main Library
will be open between 7 and 1.0 p.m.
for I lie last four Sundays of win
lei' quarter, it was announced yes-
II will not be possible to check
out hooks at these times, as the
rooms are for s I u d y purposes
only, Grieder said. He expressed
the hope I hat. as supervision will
be at a minimum, students will
assume the responsibility of main
taining silence.
The Humanities and Social Sci
ences looms in Ihe Main Library
will be open between 7 and 1.0 p.m.
for I lie last four Sundays of win
lei' quarter, it was announced yes-
II will not be possible to check
out hooks at these times, as the
rooms are for s I u d y purposes
only, Grieder said. He expressed
the hope I hat. as supervision will
be at a minimum, students will
assume the responsibility of main
taining silence.
