# Bridge Meet
## 
### 
Deadline for entries in the
bridge contest ol Daily bridge
columnist Don liraiiss is mid
night Sunday. All entries must
be postmarked before then.
Frizes in the contest include
a free bridge honk of the win
ner's choice, donated by the
Peninsula Hook Shop in Town
and Country Village, and free
plays at a bridge cluh.
Rules and details of Ihe con
test were listed in the bridge
column io Tuesday's Daily.
Deadline for entries in the
bridge contest ol Daily bridge
columnist Don liraiiss is mid
night Sunday. All entries must
be postmarked before then.
Frizes in the contest include
a free bridge honk of the win
ner's choice, donated by the
Peninsula Hook Shop in Town
and Country Village, and free
plays at a bridge cluh.
Rules and details of Ihe con
test were listed in the bridge
column io Tuesday's Daily.
Deadline for entries in the
bridge contest ol Daily bridge
columnist Don liraiiss is mid
night Sunday. All entries must
be postmarked before then.
Frizes in the contest include
a free bridge honk of the win
ner's choice, donated by the
Peninsula Hook Shop in Town
and Country Village, and free
plays at a bridge cluh.
Rules and details of Ihe con
test were listed in the bridge
column io Tuesday's Daily.
Deadline for entries in the
bridge contest ol Daily bridge
columnist Don liraiiss is mid
night Sunday. All entries must
be postmarked before then.
Frizes in the contest include
a free bridge honk of the win
ner's choice, donated by the
Peninsula Hook Shop in Town
and Country Village, and free
plays at a bridge cluh.
Rules and details of Ihe con
test were listed in the bridge
column io Tuesday's Daily.
Deadline for entries in the
bridge contest ol Daily bridge
columnist Don liraiiss is mid
night Sunday. All entries must
be postmarked before then.
Frizes in the contest include
a free bridge honk of the win
ner's choice, donated by the
Peninsula Hook Shop in Town
and Country Village, and free
plays at a bridge cluh.
Rules and details of Ihe con
test were listed in the bridge
column io Tuesday's Daily.
Deadline for entries in the
bridge contest ol Daily bridge
columnist Don liraiiss is mid
night Sunday. All entries must
be postmarked before then.
Frizes in the contest include
a free bridge honk of the win
ner's choice, donated by the
Peninsula Hook Shop in Town
and Country Village, and free
plays at a bridge cluh.
Rules and details of Ihe con
test were listed in the bridge
column io Tuesday's Daily.
Deadline for entries in the
bridge contest ol Daily bridge
columnist Don liraiiss is mid
night Sunday. All entries must
be postmarked before then.
Frizes in the contest include
a free bridge honk of the win
ner's choice, donated by the
Peninsula Hook Shop in Town
and Country Village, and free
plays at a bridge cluh.
Rules and details of Ihe con
test were listed in the bridge
column io Tuesday's Daily.
Deadline for entries in the
bridge contest ol Daily bridge
columnist Don liraiiss is mid
night Sunday. All entries must
be postmarked before then.
Frizes in the contest include
a free bridge honk of the win
ner's choice, donated by the
Peninsula Hook Shop in Town
and Country Village, and free
plays at a bridge cluh.
Rules and details of Ihe con
test were listed in the bridge
column io Tuesday's Daily.
Deadline for entries in the
bridge contest ol Daily bridge
columnist Don liraiiss is mid
night Sunday. All entries must
be postmarked before then.
Frizes in the contest include
a free bridge honk of the win
ner's choice, donated by the
Peninsula Hook Shop in Town
and Country Village, and free
plays at a bridge cluh.
Rules and details of Ihe con
test were listed in the bridge
column io Tuesday's Daily.
Deadline for entries in the
bridge contest ol Daily bridge
columnist Don liraiiss is mid
night Sunday. All entries must
be postmarked before then.
Frizes in the contest include
a free bridge honk of the win
ner's choice, donated by the
Peninsula Hook Shop in Town
and Country Village, and free
plays at a bridge cluh.
Rules and details of Ihe con
test were listed in the bridge
column io Tuesday's Daily.
Deadline for entries in the
bridge contest ol Daily bridge
columnist Don liraiiss is mid
night Sunday. All entries must
be postmarked before then.
Frizes in the contest include
a free bridge honk of the win
ner's choice, donated by the
Peninsula Hook Shop in Town
and Country Village, and free
plays at a bridge cluh.
Rules and details of Ihe con
test were listed in the bridge
column io Tuesday's Daily.
Deadline for entries in the
bridge contest ol Daily bridge
columnist Don liraiiss is mid
night Sunday. All entries must
be postmarked before then.
Frizes in the contest include
a free bridge honk of the win
ner's choice, donated by the
Peninsula Hook Shop in Town
and Country Village, and free
plays at a bridge cluh.
Rules and details of Ihe con
test were listed in the bridge
column io Tuesday's Daily.
Deadline for entries in the
bridge contest ol Daily bridge
columnist Don liraiiss is mid
night Sunday. All entries must
be postmarked before then.
Frizes in the contest include
a free bridge honk of the win
ner's choice, donated by the
Peninsula Hook Shop in Town
and Country Village, and free
plays at a bridge cluh.
Rules and details of Ihe con
test were listed in the bridge
column io Tuesday's Daily.
Deadline for entries in the
bridge contest ol Daily bridge
columnist Don liraiiss is mid
night Sunday. All entries must
be postmarked before then.
Frizes in the contest include
a free bridge honk of the win
ner's choice, donated by the
Peninsula Hook Shop in Town
and Country Village, and free
plays at a bridge cluh.
Rules and details of Ihe con
test were listed in the bridge
column io Tuesday's Daily.
Deadline for entries in the
bridge contest ol Daily bridge
columnist Don liraiiss is mid
night Sunday. All entries must
be postmarked before then.
Frizes in the contest include
a free bridge honk of the win
ner's choice, donated by the
Peninsula Hook Shop in Town
and Country Village, and free
plays at a bridge cluh.
Rules and details of Ihe con
test were listed in the bridge
column io Tuesday's Daily.
Deadline for entries in the
bridge contest ol Daily bridge
columnist Don liraiiss is mid
night Sunday. All entries must
be postmarked before then.
Frizes in the contest include
a free bridge honk of the win
ner's choice, donated by the
Peninsula Hook Shop in Town
and Country Village, and free
plays at a bridge cluh.
Rules and details of Ihe con
test were listed in the bridge
column io Tuesday's Daily.
Deadline for entries in the
bridge contest ol Daily bridge
columnist Don liraiiss is mid
night Sunday. All entries must
be postmarked before then.
Frizes in the contest include
a free bridge honk of the win
ner's choice, donated by the
Peninsula Hook Shop in Town
and Country Village, and free
plays at a bridge cluh.
Rules and details of Ihe con
test were listed in the bridge
column io Tuesday's Daily.
