# THETA CHI
## 
### 
Theta Chi's newly elected offi
cers are as follows: President,
Don Knight; vice-president, Don
Moners; rush chairman, Fete He
degard; house manager, Bill
Yates; secretary, l{*)n Jones; so
cial chairman, Pete Papworth;
chaplain, Hill Dudman; librarian,
Mike Moe; historian, Nick <;il
man; first Misthadoid, Frank
(Mohan; second Misthadoid, I low
dy Elkus.
Theta Chi's newly elected offi
cers are as follows: President,
Don Knight; vice-president, Don
Moners; rush chairman, Fete He
degard; house manager, Bill
Yates; secretary, l{*)n Jones; so
cial chairman, Pete Papworth;
chaplain, Hill Dudman; librarian,
Mike Moe; historian, Nick <;il
man; first Misthadoid, Frank
(Mohan; second Misthadoid, I low
dy Elkus.
Theta Chi's newly elected offi
cers are as follows: President,
Don Knight; vice-president, Don
Moners; rush chairman, Fete He
degard; house manager, Bill
Yates; secretary, l{*)n Jones; so
cial chairman, Pete Papworth;
chaplain, Hill Dudman; librarian,
Mike Moe; historian, Nick <;il
man; first Misthadoid, Frank
(Mohan; second Misthadoid, I low
dy Elkus.
Theta Chi's newly elected offi
cers are as follows: President,
Don Knight; vice-president, Don
Moners; rush chairman, Fete He
degard; house manager, Bill
Yates; secretary, l{*)n Jones; so
cial chairman, Pete Papworth;
chaplain, Hill Dudman; librarian,
Mike Moe; historian, Nick <;il
man; first Misthadoid, Frank
(Mohan; second Misthadoid, I low
dy Elkus.
Theta Chi's newly elected offi
cers are as follows: President,
Don Knight; vice-president, Don
Moners; rush chairman, Fete He
degard; house manager, Bill
Yates; secretary, l{*)n Jones; so
cial chairman, Pete Papworth;
chaplain, Hill Dudman; librarian,
Mike Moe; historian, Nick <;il
man; first Misthadoid, Frank
(Mohan; second Misthadoid, I low
dy Elkus.
Theta Chi's newly elected offi
cers are as follows: President,
Don Knight; vice-president, Don
Moners; rush chairman, Fete He
degard; house manager, Bill
Yates; secretary, l{*)n Jones; so
cial chairman, Pete Papworth;
chaplain, Hill Dudman; librarian,
Mike Moe; historian, Nick <;il
man; first Misthadoid, Frank
(Mohan; second Misthadoid, I low
dy Elkus.
Theta Chi's newly elected offi
cers are as follows: President,
Don Knight; vice-president, Don
Moners; rush chairman, Fete He
degard; house manager, Bill
Yates; secretary, l{*)n Jones; so
cial chairman, Pete Papworth;
chaplain, Hill Dudman; librarian,
Mike Moe; historian, Nick <;il
man; first Misthadoid, Frank
(Mohan; second Misthadoid, I low
dy Elkus.
Theta Chi's newly elected offi
cers are as follows: President,
Don Knight; vice-president, Don
Moners; rush chairman, Fete He
degard; house manager, Bill
Yates; secretary, l{*)n Jones; so
cial chairman, Pete Papworth;
chaplain, Hill Dudman; librarian,
Mike Moe; historian, Nick <;il
man; first Misthadoid, Frank
(Mohan; second Misthadoid, I low
dy Elkus.
Theta Chi's newly elected offi
cers are as follows: President,
Don Knight; vice-president, Don
Moners; rush chairman, Fete He
degard; house manager, Bill
Yates; secretary, l{*)n Jones; so
cial chairman, Pete Papworth;
chaplain, Hill Dudman; librarian,
Mike Moe; historian, Nick <;il
man; first Misthadoid, Frank
(Mohan; second Misthadoid, I low
dy Elkus.
Theta Chi's newly elected offi
cers are as follows: President,
Don Knight; vice-president, Don
Moners; rush chairman, Fete He
degard; house manager, Bill
Yates; secretary, l{*)n Jones; so
cial chairman, Pete Papworth;
chaplain, Hill Dudman; librarian,
Mike Moe; historian, Nick <;il
man; first Misthadoid, Frank
(Mohan; second Misthadoid, I low
dy Elkus.
Theta Chi's newly elected offi
cers are as follows: President,
Don Knight; vice-president, Don
Moners; rush chairman, Fete He
degard; house manager, Bill
Yates; secretary, l{*)n Jones; so
cial chairman, Pete Papworth;
chaplain, Hill Dudman; librarian,
Mike Moe; historian, Nick <;il
man; first Misthadoid, Frank
(Mohan; second Misthadoid, I low
dy Elkus.
Theta Chi's newly elected offi
cers are as follows: President,
Don Knight; vice-president, Don
Moners; rush chairman, Fete He
degard; house manager, Bill
Yates; secretary, l{*)n Jones; so
cial chairman, Pete Papworth;
chaplain, Hill Dudman; librarian,
Mike Moe; historian, Nick <;il
man; first Misthadoid, Frank
(Mohan; second Misthadoid, I low
dy Elkus.
Theta Chi's newly elected offi
cers are as follows: President,
Don Knight; vice-president, Don
Moners; rush chairman, Fete He
degard; house manager, Bill
Yates; secretary, l{*)n Jones; so
cial chairman, Pete Papworth;
chaplain, Hill Dudman; librarian,
Mike Moe; historian, Nick <;il
man; first Misthadoid, Frank
(Mohan; second Misthadoid, I low
dy Elkus.
Theta Chi's newly elected offi
cers are as follows: President,
Don Knight; vice-president, Don
Moners; rush chairman, Fete He
degard; house manager, Bill
Yates; secretary, l{*)n Jones; so
cial chairman, Pete Papworth;
chaplain, Hill Dudman; librarian,
Mike Moe; historian, Nick <;il
man; first Misthadoid, Frank
(Mohan; second Misthadoid, I low
dy Elkus.
Theta Chi's newly elected offi
cers are as follows: President,
Don Knight; vice-president, Don
Moners; rush chairman, Fete He
degard; house manager, Bill
Yates; secretary, l{*)n Jones; so
cial chairman, Pete Papworth;
chaplain, Hill Dudman; librarian,
Mike Moe; historian, Nick <;il
man; first Misthadoid, Frank
(Mohan; second Misthadoid, I low
dy Elkus.
Theta Chi's newly elected offi
cers are as follows: President,
Don Knight; vice-president, Don
Moners; rush chairman, Fete He
degard; house manager, Bill
Yates; secretary, l{*)n Jones; so
cial chairman, Pete Papworth;
chaplain, Hill Dudman; librarian,
Mike Moe; historian, Nick <;il
man; first Misthadoid, Frank
(Mohan; second Misthadoid, I low
dy Elkus.
Theta Chi's newly elected offi
cers are as follows: President,
Don Knight; vice-president, Don
Moners; rush chairman, Fete He
degard; house manager, Bill
Yates; secretary, l{*)n Jones; so
cial chairman, Pete Papworth;
chaplain, Hill Dudman; librarian,
Mike Moe; historian, Nick <;il
man; first Misthadoid, Frank
(Mohan; second Misthadoid, I low
dy Elkus.
