# Dr. Kaulfers Speaks At Texas Institution
## 
### 
Dr. Walter Vincent Kaulfers, acting
assistant professor of education, left
last Friday for Lubbock. Texas, where
he will speak today on the "Curricu
lum Maker's Responsibility for Guid
ance'' at the State Guidance Confer
ence to be held at Texas Tech. Kaul
fers will meet with the State Curricu
lum on Spanish and aid in revising
courses of study in language for sec
ondary schools.
Dr. Holland D. Roberts will take over
Dr. Kaulfers' classes in his absence. '
Dr. Walter Vincent Kaulfers, acting
assistant professor of education, left
last Friday for Lubbock. Texas, where
he will speak today on the "Curricu
lum Maker's Responsibility for Guid
ance'' at the State Guidance Confer
ence to be held at Texas Tech. Kaul
fers will meet with the State Curricu
lum on Spanish and aid in revising
courses of study in language for sec
ondary schools.
Dr. Holland D. Roberts will take over
Dr. Kaulfers' classes in his absence. '
Dr. Walter Vincent Kaulfers, acting
assistant professor of education, left
last Friday for Lubbock. Texas, where
he will speak today on the "Curricu
lum Maker's Responsibility for Guid
ance'' at the State Guidance Confer
ence to be held at Texas Tech. Kaul
fers will meet with the State Curricu
lum on Spanish and aid in revising
courses of study in language for sec
ondary schools.
Dr. Holland D. Roberts will take over
Dr. Kaulfers' classes in his absence. '
Dr. Walter Vincent Kaulfers, acting
assistant professor of education, left
last Friday for Lubbock. Texas, where
he will speak today on the "Curricu
lum Maker's Responsibility for Guid
ance'' at the State Guidance Confer
ence to be held at Texas Tech. Kaul
fers will meet with the State Curricu
lum on Spanish and aid in revising
courses of study in language for sec
ondary schools.
Dr. Holland D. Roberts will take over
Dr. Kaulfers' classes in his absence. '
Dr. Walter Vincent Kaulfers, acting
assistant professor of education, left
last Friday for Lubbock. Texas, where
he will speak today on the "Curricu
lum Maker's Responsibility for Guid
ance'' at the State Guidance Confer
ence to be held at Texas Tech. Kaul
fers will meet with the State Curricu
lum on Spanish and aid in revising
courses of study in language for sec
ondary schools.
Dr. Holland D. Roberts will take over
Dr. Kaulfers' classes in his absence. '
Dr. Walter Vincent Kaulfers, acting
assistant professor of education, left
last Friday for Lubbock. Texas, where
he will speak today on the "Curricu
lum Maker's Responsibility for Guid
ance'' at the State Guidance Confer
ence to be held at Texas Tech. Kaul
fers will meet with the State Curricu
lum on Spanish and aid in revising
courses of study in language for sec
ondary schools.
Dr. Holland D. Roberts will take over
Dr. Kaulfers' classes in his absence. '
Dr. Walter Vincent Kaulfers, acting
assistant professor of education, left
last Friday for Lubbock. Texas, where
he will speak today on the "Curricu
lum Maker's Responsibility for Guid
ance'' at the State Guidance Confer
ence to be held at Texas Tech. Kaul
fers will meet with the State Curricu
lum on Spanish and aid in revising
courses of study in language for sec
ondary schools.
Dr. Holland D. Roberts will take over
Dr. Kaulfers' classes in his absence. '
Dr. Walter Vincent Kaulfers, acting
assistant professor of education, left
last Friday for Lubbock. Texas, where
he will speak today on the "Curricu
lum Maker's Responsibility for Guid
ance'' at the State Guidance Confer
ence to be held at Texas Tech. Kaul
fers will meet with the State Curricu
lum on Spanish and aid in revising
courses of study in language for sec
ondary schools.
Dr. Holland D. Roberts will take over
Dr. Kaulfers' classes in his absence. '
Dr. Walter Vincent Kaulfers, acting
assistant professor of education, left
last Friday for Lubbock. Texas, where
he will speak today on the "Curricu
lum Maker's Responsibility for Guid
ance'' at the State Guidance Confer
ence to be held at Texas Tech. Kaul
fers will meet with the State Curricu
lum on Spanish and aid in revising
courses of study in language for sec
ondary schools.
Dr. Holland D. Roberts will take over
Dr. Kaulfers' classes in his absence. '
Dr. Walter Vincent Kaulfers, acting
assistant professor of education, left
last Friday for Lubbock. Texas, where
he will speak today on the "Curricu
lum Maker's Responsibility for Guid
ance'' at the State Guidance Confer
ence to be held at Texas Tech. Kaul
fers will meet with the State Curricu
lum on Spanish and aid in revising
courses of study in language for sec
ondary schools.
Dr. Holland D. Roberts will take over
Dr. Kaulfers' classes in his absence. '
Dr. Walter Vincent Kaulfers, acting
assistant professor of education, left
last Friday for Lubbock. Texas, where
he will speak today on the "Curricu
lum Maker's Responsibility for Guid
ance'' at the State Guidance Confer
ence to be held at Texas Tech. Kaul
fers will meet with the State Curricu
lum on Spanish and aid in revising
courses of study in language for sec
ondary schools.
Dr. Holland D. Roberts will take over
Dr. Kaulfers' classes in his absence. '
Dr. Walter Vincent Kaulfers, acting
assistant professor of education, left
last Friday for Lubbock. Texas, where
he will speak today on the "Curricu
lum Maker's Responsibility for Guid
ance'' at the State Guidance Confer
ence to be held at Texas Tech. Kaul
fers will meet with the State Curricu
lum on Spanish and aid in revising
courses of study in language for sec
ondary schools.
Dr. Holland D. Roberts will take over
Dr. Kaulfers' classes in his absence. '
Dr. Walter Vincent Kaulfers, acting
assistant professor of education, left
last Friday for Lubbock. Texas, where
he will speak today on the "Curricu
lum Maker's Responsibility for Guid
ance'' at the State Guidance Confer
ence to be held at Texas Tech. Kaul
fers will meet with the State Curricu
lum on Spanish and aid in revising
courses of study in language for sec
ondary schools.
Dr. Holland D. Roberts will take over
Dr. Kaulfers' classes in his absence. '
Dr. Walter Vincent Kaulfers, acting
assistant professor of education, left
last Friday for Lubbock. Texas, where
he will speak today on the "Curricu
lum Maker's Responsibility for Guid
ance'' at the State Guidance Confer
ence to be held at Texas Tech. Kaul
fers will meet with the State Curricu
lum on Spanish and aid in revising
courses of study in language for sec
ondary schools.
Dr. Holland D. Roberts will take over
Dr. Kaulfers' classes in his absence. '
Dr. Walter Vincent Kaulfers, acting
assistant professor of education, left
last Friday for Lubbock. Texas, where
he will speak today on the "Curricu
lum Maker's Responsibility for Guid
ance'' at the State Guidance Confer
ence to be held at Texas Tech. Kaul
fers will meet with the State Curricu
lum on Spanish and aid in revising
courses of study in language for sec
ondary schools.
Dr. Holland D. Roberts will take over
Dr. Kaulfers' classes in his absence. '
Dr. Walter Vincent Kaulfers, acting
assistant professor of education, left
last Friday for Lubbock. Texas, where
he will speak today on the "Curricu
lum Maker's Responsibility for Guid
ance'' at the State Guidance Confer
ence to be held at Texas Tech. Kaul
fers will meet with the State Curricu
lum on Spanish and aid in revising
courses of study in language for sec
ondary schools.
Dr. Holland D. Roberts will take over
Dr. Kaulfers' classes in his absence. '
