# Adv. 19 Page 4
## 
### 
Letters to the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 25C
words.
Letters to the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 25C
words.
Letters to the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 25C
words.
Letters to the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 25C
words.
Letters to the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 25C
words.
Letters to the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 25C
words.
Letters to the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 25C
words.
Letters to the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 25C
words.
Letters to the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 25C
words.
Letters to the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 25C
words.
Letters to the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 25C
words.
Letters to the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 25C
words.
Letters to the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 25C
words.
Letters to the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 25C
words.
Letters to the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 25C
words.
Letters to the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 25C
words.
Letters to the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 25C
words.
