# NEWS BRIEFS
## Two Stanford grads named 2012 Gates Scholars, bringing total to three 
### DAILY NEWS STAFF â€” Alice Phillips 
Nehel Khalid Khanani 'O9 and
Lucinda Lai 'll have been named
2012 Gates Cambridge Scholars,
joining Sarah Mummah 'lO who
was announced as a recipient in
February. Khanani and Lai were
named during the scholarship's in
ternational selection round while
Mummah was chosen in the first
round for American citizens.

Recipients of the Gates Cam
bridge Scholarship, chosen from
outside the United Kingdom, pur
sue graduate degrees of their
choosing at the University of Cam
bridge.
Fifty people from 23 countries
were announced as scholars during
the international selection round.
Khanani earned bachelor's de
grees in history and international
relations from Stanford in 2009.
After graduation, she worked at the
Indus Hospital in Karachi on a
pneumonia incidence research
project under the purview of Inter
active Research and Development.
She is currently pursuing her
master's degree in international
relations at the University of
Karachi while teaching Pakistan
studies at L'ecole for Advanced
Studies in Karachi, the city where
she grew up.

Lai earned a bachelor's with
honors in human biology from
Stanford in 2011. She then
worked with the Burma Border
Project in Mae Sot, a Thai border
town. Lai is currently helping a
psychiatrist and the director of
social services at a torture treat
ment center write a book about
global mental health on the Thai
land-Burma border.
Nehel Khalid Khanani 'O9 and
Lucinda Lai 'll have been named
2012 Gates Cambridge Scholars,
joining Sarah Mummah 'lO who
was announced as a recipient in
February. Khanani and Lai were
named during the scholarship's in
ternational selection round while
Mummah was chosen in the first
round for American citizens.

Recipients of the Gates Cam
bridge Scholarship, chosen from
outside the United Kingdom, pur
sue graduate degrees of their
choosing at the University of Cam
bridge.
Fifty people from 23 countries
were announced as scholars during
the international selection round.
Khanani earned bachelor's de
grees in history and international
relations from Stanford in 2009.
After graduation, she worked at the
Indus Hospital in Karachi on a
pneumonia incidence research
project under the purview of Inter
active Research and Development.
She is currently pursuing her
master's degree in international
relations at the University of
Karachi while teaching Pakistan
studies at L'ecole for Advanced
Studies in Karachi, the city where
she grew up.

Lai earned a bachelor's with
honors in human biology from
Stanford in 2011. She then
worked with the Burma Border
Project in Mae Sot, a Thai border
town. Lai is currently helping a
psychiatrist and the director of
social services at a torture treat
ment center write a book about
global mental health on the Thai
land-Burma border.
Nehel Khalid Khanani 'O9 and
Lucinda Lai 'll have been named
2012 Gates Cambridge Scholars,
joining Sarah Mummah 'lO who
was announced as a recipient in
February. Khanani and Lai were
named during the scholarship's in
ternational selection round while
Mummah was chosen in the first
round for American citizens.

Recipients of the Gates Cam
bridge Scholarship, chosen from
outside the United Kingdom, pur
sue graduate degrees of their
choosing at the University of Cam
bridge.
Fifty people from 23 countries
were announced as scholars during
the international selection round.
Khanani earned bachelor's de
grees in history and international
relations from Stanford in 2009.
After graduation, she worked at the
Indus Hospital in Karachi on a
pneumonia incidence research
project under the purview of Inter
active Research and Development.
She is currently pursuing her
master's degree in international
relations at the University of
Karachi while teaching Pakistan
studies at L'ecole for Advanced
Studies in Karachi, the city where
she grew up.

Lai earned a bachelor's with
honors in human biology from
Stanford in 2011. She then
worked with the Burma Border
Project in Mae Sot, a Thai border
town. Lai is currently helping a
psychiatrist and the director of
social services at a torture treat
ment center write a book about
global mental health on the Thai
land-Burma border.
Nehel Khalid Khanani 'O9 and
Lucinda Lai 'll have been named
2012 Gates Cambridge Scholars,
joining Sarah Mummah 'lO who
was announced as a recipient in
February. Khanani and Lai were
named during the scholarship's in
ternational selection round while
Mummah was chosen in the first
round for American citizens.

Recipients of the Gates Cam
bridge Scholarship, chosen from
outside the United Kingdom, pur
sue graduate degrees of their
choosing at the University of Cam
bridge.
Fifty people from 23 countries
were announced as scholars during
the international selection round.
Khanani earned bachelor's de
grees in history and international
relations from Stanford in 2009.
After graduation, she worked at the
Indus Hospital in Karachi on a
pneumonia incidence research
project under the purview of Inter
active Research and Development.
She is currently pursuing her
master's degree in international
relations at the University of
Karachi while teaching Pakistan
studies at L'ecole for Advanced
Studies in Karachi, the city where
she grew up.

Lai earned a bachelor's with
honors in human biology from
Stanford in 2011. She then
worked with the Burma Border
Project in Mae Sot, a Thai border
town. Lai is currently helping a
psychiatrist and the director of
social services at a torture treat
ment center write a book about
global mental health on the Thai
land-Burma border.
Nehel Khalid Khanani 'O9 and
Lucinda Lai 'll have been named
2012 Gates Cambridge Scholars,
joining Sarah Mummah 'lO who
was announced as a recipient in
February. Khanani and Lai were
named during the scholarship's in
ternational selection round while
Mummah was chosen in the first
round for American citizens.

Recipients of the Gates Cam
bridge Scholarship, chosen from
outside the United Kingdom, pur
sue graduate degrees of their
choosing at the University of Cam
bridge.
Fifty people from 23 countries
were announced as scholars during
the international selection round.
Khanani earned bachelor's de
grees in history and international
relations from Stanford in 2009.
After graduation, she worked at the
Indus Hospital in Karachi on a
pneumonia incidence research
project under the purview of Inter
active Research and Development.
She is currently pursuing her
master's degree in international
relations at the University of
Karachi while teaching Pakistan
studies at L'ecole for Advanced
Studies in Karachi, the city where
she grew up.

Lai earned a bachelor's with
honors in human biology from
Stanford in 2011. She then
worked with the Burma Border
Project in Mae Sot, a Thai border
town. Lai is currently helping a
psychiatrist and the director of
social services at a torture treat
ment center write a book about
global mental health on the Thai
land-Burma border.
Nehel Khalid Khanani 'O9 and
Lucinda Lai 'll have been named
2012 Gates Cambridge Scholars,
joining Sarah Mummah 'lO who
was announced as a recipient in
February. Khanani and Lai were
named during the scholarship's in
ternational selection round while
Mummah was chosen in the first
round for American citizens.

Recipients of the Gates Cam
bridge Scholarship, chosen from
outside the United Kingdom, pur
sue graduate degrees of their
choosing at the University of Cam
bridge.
Fifty people from 23 countries
were announced as scholars during
the international selection round.
Khanani earned bachelor's de
grees in history and international
relations from Stanford in 2009.
After graduation, she worked at the
Indus Hospital in Karachi on a
pneumonia incidence research
project under the purview of Inter
active Research and Development.
She is currently pursuing her
master's degree in international
relations at the University of
Karachi while teaching Pakistan
studies at L'ecole for Advanced
Studies in Karachi, the city where
she grew up.

Lai earned a bachelor's with
honors in human biology from
Stanford in 2011. She then
worked with the Burma Border
Project in Mae Sot, a Thai border
town. Lai is currently helping a
psychiatrist and the director of
social services at a torture treat
ment center write a book about
global mental health on the Thai
land-Burma border.
Nehel Khalid Khanani 'O9 and
Lucinda Lai 'll have been named
2012 Gates Cambridge Scholars,
joining Sarah Mummah 'lO who
was announced as a recipient in
February. Khanani and Lai were
named during the scholarship's in
ternational selection round while
Mummah was chosen in the first
round for American citizens.

Recipients of the Gates Cam
bridge Scholarship, chosen from
outside the United Kingdom, pur
sue graduate degrees of their
choosing at the University of Cam
bridge.
Fifty people from 23 countries
were announced as scholars during
the international selection round.
Khanani earned bachelor's de
grees in history and international
relations from Stanford in 2009.
After graduation, she worked at the
Indus Hospital in Karachi on a
pneumonia incidence research
project under the purview of Inter
active Research and Development.
She is currently pursuing her
master's degree in international
relations at the University of
Karachi while teaching Pakistan
studies at L'ecole for Advanced
Studies in Karachi, the city where
she grew up.

Lai earned a bachelor's with
honors in human biology from
Stanford in 2011. She then
worked with the Burma Border
Project in Mae Sot, a Thai border
town. Lai is currently helping a
psychiatrist and the director of
social services at a torture treat
ment center write a book about
global mental health on the Thai
land-Burma border.
Nehel Khalid Khanani 'O9 and
Lucinda Lai 'll have been named
2012 Gates Cambridge Scholars,
joining Sarah Mummah 'lO who
was announced as a recipient in
February. Khanani and Lai were
named during the scholarship's in
ternational selection round while
Mummah was chosen in the first
round for American citizens.

Recipients of the Gates Cam
bridge Scholarship, chosen from
outside the United Kingdom, pur
sue graduate degrees of their
choosing at the University of Cam
bridge.
Fifty people from 23 countries
were announced as scholars during
the international selection round.
Khanani earned bachelor's de
grees in history and international
relations from Stanford in 2009.
After graduation, she worked at the
Indus Hospital in Karachi on a
pneumonia incidence research
project under the purview of Inter
active Research and Development.
She is currently pursuing her
master's degree in international
relations at the University of
Karachi while teaching Pakistan
studies at L'ecole for Advanced
Studies in Karachi, the city where
she grew up.

Lai earned a bachelor's with
honors in human biology from
Stanford in 2011. She then
worked with the Burma Border
Project in Mae Sot, a Thai border
town. Lai is currently helping a
psychiatrist and the director of
social services at a torture treat
ment center write a book about
global mental health on the Thai
land-Burma border.
