# COLD WAVE ABATES
## 
### 
SAN FRANCSCO, Jan. 5 (UP).—
Northern California's week - long
cold wave abated today. "There is
no further danger of any damaging
temperatures in Northern Califor
nia," said the U.S. Weather Bureau.
SAN FRANCSCO, Jan. 5 (UP).—
Northern California's week - long
cold wave abated today. "There is
no further danger of any damaging
temperatures in Northern Califor
nia," said the U.S. Weather Bureau.
SAN FRANCSCO, Jan. 5 (UP).—
Northern California's week - long
cold wave abated today. "There is
no further danger of any damaging
temperatures in Northern Califor
nia," said the U.S. Weather Bureau.
SAN FRANCSCO, Jan. 5 (UP).—
Northern California's week - long
cold wave abated today. "There is
no further danger of any damaging
temperatures in Northern Califor
nia," said the U.S. Weather Bureau.
SAN FRANCSCO, Jan. 5 (UP).—
Northern California's week - long
cold wave abated today. "There is
no further danger of any damaging
temperatures in Northern Califor
nia," said the U.S. Weather Bureau.
SAN FRANCSCO, Jan. 5 (UP).—
Northern California's week - long
cold wave abated today. "There is
no further danger of any damaging
temperatures in Northern Califor
nia," said the U.S. Weather Bureau.
SAN FRANCSCO, Jan. 5 (UP).—
Northern California's week - long
cold wave abated today. "There is
no further danger of any damaging
temperatures in Northern Califor
nia," said the U.S. Weather Bureau.
SAN FRANCSCO, Jan. 5 (UP).—
Northern California's week - long
cold wave abated today. "There is
no further danger of any damaging
temperatures in Northern Califor
nia," said the U.S. Weather Bureau.
SAN FRANCSCO, Jan. 5 (UP).—
Northern California's week - long
cold wave abated today. "There is
no further danger of any damaging
temperatures in Northern Califor
nia," said the U.S. Weather Bureau.
SAN FRANCSCO, Jan. 5 (UP).—
Northern California's week - long
cold wave abated today. "There is
no further danger of any damaging
temperatures in Northern Califor
nia," said the U.S. Weather Bureau.
SAN FRANCSCO, Jan. 5 (UP).—
Northern California's week - long
cold wave abated today. "There is
no further danger of any damaging
temperatures in Northern Califor
nia," said the U.S. Weather Bureau.
SAN FRANCSCO, Jan. 5 (UP).—
Northern California's week - long
cold wave abated today. "There is
no further danger of any damaging
temperatures in Northern Califor
nia," said the U.S. Weather Bureau.
SAN FRANCSCO, Jan. 5 (UP).—
Northern California's week - long
cold wave abated today. "There is
no further danger of any damaging
temperatures in Northern Califor
nia," said the U.S. Weather Bureau.
SAN FRANCSCO, Jan. 5 (UP).—
Northern California's week - long
cold wave abated today. "There is
no further danger of any damaging
temperatures in Northern Califor
nia," said the U.S. Weather Bureau.
SAN FRANCSCO, Jan. 5 (UP).—
Northern California's week - long
cold wave abated today. "There is
no further danger of any damaging
temperatures in Northern Califor
nia," said the U.S. Weather Bureau.
SAN FRANCSCO, Jan. 5 (UP).—
Northern California's week - long
cold wave abated today. "There is
no further danger of any damaging
temperatures in Northern Califor
nia," said the U.S. Weather Bureau.
SAN FRANCSCO, Jan. 5 (UP).—
Northern California's week - long
cold wave abated today. "There is
no further danger of any damaging
temperatures in Northern Califor
nia," said the U.S. Weather Bureau.
SAN FRANCSCO, Jan. 5 (UP).—
Northern California's week - long
cold wave abated today. "There is
no further danger of any damaging
temperatures in Northern Califor
nia," said the U.S. Weather Bureau.
