# MOTOR STOCKS ADVANCE
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Jan. 5 (UP).—Stocks
staged a selective advance today
under the lead of motor shares
which turned very strong on favor
ably interpreted news from Wash
ington.
NEW YORK, Jan. 5 (UP).—Stocks
staged a selective advance today
under the lead of motor shares
which turned very strong on favor
ably interpreted news from Wash
ington.
NEW YORK, Jan. 5 (UP).—Stocks
staged a selective advance today
under the lead of motor shares
which turned very strong on favor
ably interpreted news from Wash
ington.
NEW YORK, Jan. 5 (UP).—Stocks
staged a selective advance today
under the lead of motor shares
which turned very strong on favor
ably interpreted news from Wash
ington.
NEW YORK, Jan. 5 (UP).—Stocks
staged a selective advance today
under the lead of motor shares
which turned very strong on favor
ably interpreted news from Wash
ington.
NEW YORK, Jan. 5 (UP).—Stocks
staged a selective advance today
under the lead of motor shares
which turned very strong on favor
ably interpreted news from Wash
ington.
NEW YORK, Jan. 5 (UP).—Stocks
staged a selective advance today
under the lead of motor shares
which turned very strong on favor
ably interpreted news from Wash
ington.
NEW YORK, Jan. 5 (UP).—Stocks
staged a selective advance today
under the lead of motor shares
which turned very strong on favor
ably interpreted news from Wash
ington.
NEW YORK, Jan. 5 (UP).—Stocks
staged a selective advance today
under the lead of motor shares
which turned very strong on favor
ably interpreted news from Wash
ington.
NEW YORK, Jan. 5 (UP).—Stocks
staged a selective advance today
under the lead of motor shares
which turned very strong on favor
ably interpreted news from Wash
ington.
NEW YORK, Jan. 5 (UP).—Stocks
staged a selective advance today
under the lead of motor shares
which turned very strong on favor
ably interpreted news from Wash
ington.
NEW YORK, Jan. 5 (UP).—Stocks
staged a selective advance today
under the lead of motor shares
which turned very strong on favor
ably interpreted news from Wash
ington.
NEW YORK, Jan. 5 (UP).—Stocks
staged a selective advance today
under the lead of motor shares
which turned very strong on favor
ably interpreted news from Wash
ington.
NEW YORK, Jan. 5 (UP).—Stocks
staged a selective advance today
under the lead of motor shares
which turned very strong on favor
ably interpreted news from Wash
ington.
NEW YORK, Jan. 5 (UP).—Stocks
staged a selective advance today
under the lead of motor shares
which turned very strong on favor
ably interpreted news from Wash
ington.
NEW YORK, Jan. 5 (UP).—Stocks
staged a selective advance today
under the lead of motor shares
which turned very strong on favor
ably interpreted news from Wash
ington.
NEW YORK, Jan. 5 (UP).—Stocks
staged a selective advance today
under the lead of motor shares
which turned very strong on favor
ably interpreted news from Wash
ington.
NEW YORK, Jan. 5 (UP).—Stocks
staged a selective advance today
under the lead of motor shares
which turned very strong on favor
ably interpreted news from Wash
ington.
