# New Stanfordites To Get Acquainted
## 
### 
Students new to Stanford this
quarter will be welcomed at an
informal meeting today in the
Nitery at 4:30 o'clock, according
to Hope Branum, orientation chair
man.
It is expected that over a hun
dred new students will be present
to hear greetings from Dean Mary
Yost and Dean John Bunn, George
Jackson, president of the student
body, Pat Adams, vice-president,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Women's
Conference president, Roscmarie
Mullany, Women's Council chair
man, Stan Owen, Men's Council
chairman, and Charlie Bull, Daily
editor.
The meeting and greeting phase
of the program will be very brief,
according to Chairman Branum, as
every attempt will be made to see
that the new students meet each
other.
Students new to Stanford this
quarter will be welcomed at an
informal meeting today in the
Nitery at 4:30 o'clock, according
to Hope Branum, orientation chair
man.
It is expected that over a hun
dred new students will be present
to hear greetings from Dean Mary
Yost and Dean John Bunn, George
Jackson, president of the student
body, Pat Adams, vice-president,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Women's
Conference president, Roscmarie
Mullany, Women's Council chair
man, Stan Owen, Men's Council
chairman, and Charlie Bull, Daily
editor.
The meeting and greeting phase
of the program will be very brief,
according to Chairman Branum, as
every attempt will be made to see
that the new students meet each
other.
Students new to Stanford this
quarter will be welcomed at an
informal meeting today in the
Nitery at 4:30 o'clock, according
to Hope Branum, orientation chair
man.
It is expected that over a hun
dred new students will be present
to hear greetings from Dean Mary
Yost and Dean John Bunn, George
Jackson, president of the student
body, Pat Adams, vice-president,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Women's
Conference president, Roscmarie
Mullany, Women's Council chair
man, Stan Owen, Men's Council
chairman, and Charlie Bull, Daily
editor.
The meeting and greeting phase
of the program will be very brief,
according to Chairman Branum, as
every attempt will be made to see
that the new students meet each
other.
Students new to Stanford this
quarter will be welcomed at an
informal meeting today in the
Nitery at 4:30 o'clock, according
to Hope Branum, orientation chair
man.
It is expected that over a hun
dred new students will be present
to hear greetings from Dean Mary
Yost and Dean John Bunn, George
Jackson, president of the student
body, Pat Adams, vice-president,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Women's
Conference president, Roscmarie
Mullany, Women's Council chair
man, Stan Owen, Men's Council
chairman, and Charlie Bull, Daily
editor.
The meeting and greeting phase
of the program will be very brief,
according to Chairman Branum, as
every attempt will be made to see
that the new students meet each
other.
Students new to Stanford this
quarter will be welcomed at an
informal meeting today in the
Nitery at 4:30 o'clock, according
to Hope Branum, orientation chair
man.
It is expected that over a hun
dred new students will be present
to hear greetings from Dean Mary
Yost and Dean John Bunn, George
Jackson, president of the student
body, Pat Adams, vice-president,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Women's
Conference president, Roscmarie
Mullany, Women's Council chair
man, Stan Owen, Men's Council
chairman, and Charlie Bull, Daily
editor.
The meeting and greeting phase
of the program will be very brief,
according to Chairman Branum, as
every attempt will be made to see
that the new students meet each
other.
Students new to Stanford this
quarter will be welcomed at an
informal meeting today in the
Nitery at 4:30 o'clock, according
to Hope Branum, orientation chair
man.
It is expected that over a hun
dred new students will be present
to hear greetings from Dean Mary
Yost and Dean John Bunn, George
Jackson, president of the student
body, Pat Adams, vice-president,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Women's
Conference president, Roscmarie
Mullany, Women's Council chair
man, Stan Owen, Men's Council
chairman, and Charlie Bull, Daily
editor.
The meeting and greeting phase
of the program will be very brief,
according to Chairman Branum, as
every attempt will be made to see
that the new students meet each
other.
Students new to Stanford this
quarter will be welcomed at an
informal meeting today in the
Nitery at 4:30 o'clock, according
to Hope Branum, orientation chair
man.
It is expected that over a hun
dred new students will be present
to hear greetings from Dean Mary
Yost and Dean John Bunn, George
Jackson, president of the student
body, Pat Adams, vice-president,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Women's
Conference president, Roscmarie
Mullany, Women's Council chair
man, Stan Owen, Men's Council
chairman, and Charlie Bull, Daily
editor.
The meeting and greeting phase
of the program will be very brief,
according to Chairman Branum, as
every attempt will be made to see
that the new students meet each
other.
Students new to Stanford this
quarter will be welcomed at an
informal meeting today in the
Nitery at 4:30 o'clock, according
to Hope Branum, orientation chair
man.
It is expected that over a hun
dred new students will be present
to hear greetings from Dean Mary
Yost and Dean John Bunn, George
Jackson, president of the student
body, Pat Adams, vice-president,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Women's
Conference president, Roscmarie
Mullany, Women's Council chair
man, Stan Owen, Men's Council
chairman, and Charlie Bull, Daily
editor.
The meeting and greeting phase
of the program will be very brief,
according to Chairman Branum, as
every attempt will be made to see
that the new students meet each
other.
Students new to Stanford this
quarter will be welcomed at an
informal meeting today in the
Nitery at 4:30 o'clock, according
to Hope Branum, orientation chair
man.
It is expected that over a hun
dred new students will be present
to hear greetings from Dean Mary
Yost and Dean John Bunn, George
Jackson, president of the student
body, Pat Adams, vice-president,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Women's
Conference president, Roscmarie
Mullany, Women's Council chair
man, Stan Owen, Men's Council
chairman, and Charlie Bull, Daily
editor.
The meeting and greeting phase
of the program will be very brief,
according to Chairman Branum, as
every attempt will be made to see
that the new students meet each
other.
Students new to Stanford this
quarter will be welcomed at an
informal meeting today in the
Nitery at 4:30 o'clock, according
to Hope Branum, orientation chair
man.
It is expected that over a hun
dred new students will be present
to hear greetings from Dean Mary
Yost and Dean John Bunn, George
Jackson, president of the student
body, Pat Adams, vice-president,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Women's
Conference president, Roscmarie
Mullany, Women's Council chair
man, Stan Owen, Men's Council
chairman, and Charlie Bull, Daily
editor.
The meeting and greeting phase
of the program will be very brief,
according to Chairman Branum, as
every attempt will be made to see
that the new students meet each
other.
Students new to Stanford this
quarter will be welcomed at an
informal meeting today in the
Nitery at 4:30 o'clock, according
to Hope Branum, orientation chair
man.
It is expected that over a hun
dred new students will be present
to hear greetings from Dean Mary
Yost and Dean John Bunn, George
Jackson, president of the student
body, Pat Adams, vice-president,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Women's
Conference president, Roscmarie
Mullany, Women's Council chair
man, Stan Owen, Men's Council
chairman, and Charlie Bull, Daily
editor.
The meeting and greeting phase
of the program will be very brief,
according to Chairman Branum, as
every attempt will be made to see
that the new students meet each
other.
Students new to Stanford this
quarter will be welcomed at an
informal meeting today in the
Nitery at 4:30 o'clock, according
to Hope Branum, orientation chair
man.
It is expected that over a hun
dred new students will be present
to hear greetings from Dean Mary
Yost and Dean John Bunn, George
Jackson, president of the student
body, Pat Adams, vice-president,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Women's
Conference president, Roscmarie
Mullany, Women's Council chair
man, Stan Owen, Men's Council
chairman, and Charlie Bull, Daily
editor.
The meeting and greeting phase
of the program will be very brief,
according to Chairman Branum, as
every attempt will be made to see
that the new students meet each
other.
Students new to Stanford this
quarter will be welcomed at an
informal meeting today in the
Nitery at 4:30 o'clock, according
to Hope Branum, orientation chair
man.
It is expected that over a hun
dred new students will be present
to hear greetings from Dean Mary
Yost and Dean John Bunn, George
Jackson, president of the student
body, Pat Adams, vice-president,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Women's
Conference president, Roscmarie
Mullany, Women's Council chair
man, Stan Owen, Men's Council
chairman, and Charlie Bull, Daily
editor.
The meeting and greeting phase
of the program will be very brief,
according to Chairman Branum, as
every attempt will be made to see
that the new students meet each
other.
Students new to Stanford this
quarter will be welcomed at an
informal meeting today in the
Nitery at 4:30 o'clock, according
to Hope Branum, orientation chair
man.
It is expected that over a hun
dred new students will be present
to hear greetings from Dean Mary
Yost and Dean John Bunn, George
Jackson, president of the student
body, Pat Adams, vice-president,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Women's
Conference president, Roscmarie
Mullany, Women's Council chair
man, Stan Owen, Men's Council
chairman, and Charlie Bull, Daily
editor.
The meeting and greeting phase
of the program will be very brief,
according to Chairman Branum, as
every attempt will be made to see
that the new students meet each
other.
Students new to Stanford this
quarter will be welcomed at an
informal meeting today in the
Nitery at 4:30 o'clock, according
to Hope Branum, orientation chair
man.
It is expected that over a hun
dred new students will be present
to hear greetings from Dean Mary
Yost and Dean John Bunn, George
Jackson, president of the student
body, Pat Adams, vice-president,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Women's
Conference president, Roscmarie
Mullany, Women's Council chair
man, Stan Owen, Men's Council
chairman, and Charlie Bull, Daily
editor.
The meeting and greeting phase
of the program will be very brief,
according to Chairman Branum, as
every attempt will be made to see
that the new students meet each
other.
Students new to Stanford this
quarter will be welcomed at an
informal meeting today in the
Nitery at 4:30 o'clock, according
to Hope Branum, orientation chair
man.
It is expected that over a hun
dred new students will be present
to hear greetings from Dean Mary
Yost and Dean John Bunn, George
Jackson, president of the student
body, Pat Adams, vice-president,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Women's
Conference president, Roscmarie
Mullany, Women's Council chair
man, Stan Owen, Men's Council
chairman, and Charlie Bull, Daily
editor.
The meeting and greeting phase
of the program will be very brief,
according to Chairman Branum, as
every attempt will be made to see
that the new students meet each
other.
Students new to Stanford this
quarter will be welcomed at an
informal meeting today in the
Nitery at 4:30 o'clock, according
to Hope Branum, orientation chair
man.
It is expected that over a hun
dred new students will be present
to hear greetings from Dean Mary
Yost and Dean John Bunn, George
Jackson, president of the student
body, Pat Adams, vice-president,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Women's
Conference president, Roscmarie
Mullany, Women's Council chair
man, Stan Owen, Men's Council
chairman, and Charlie Bull, Daily
editor.
The meeting and greeting phase
of the program will be very brief,
according to Chairman Branum, as
every attempt will be made to see
that the new students meet each
other.
Students new to Stanford this
quarter will be welcomed at an
informal meeting today in the
Nitery at 4:30 o'clock, according
to Hope Branum, orientation chair
man.
It is expected that over a hun
dred new students will be present
to hear greetings from Dean Mary
Yost and Dean John Bunn, George
Jackson, president of the student
body, Pat Adams, vice-president,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Women's
Conference president, Roscmarie
Mullany, Women's Council chair
man, Stan Owen, Men's Council
chairman, and Charlie Bull, Daily
editor.
The meeting and greeting phase
of the program will be very brief,
according to Chairman Branum, as
every attempt will be made to see
that the new students meet each
other.
