# California Will Have Turf Field
## 
### 
The executive committee of the
California Associated Students yes
terday ordered that the university
football field should be turfed. The
contract for the work has already
been let.
The executive committee of the
California Associated Students yes
terday ordered that the university
football field should be turfed. The
contract for the work has already
been let.
The executive committee of the
California Associated Students yes
terday ordered that the university
football field should be turfed. The
contract for the work has already
been let.
The executive committee of the
California Associated Students yes
terday ordered that the university
football field should be turfed. The
contract for the work has already
been let.
The executive committee of the
California Associated Students yes
terday ordered that the university
football field should be turfed. The
contract for the work has already
been let.
The executive committee of the
California Associated Students yes
terday ordered that the university
football field should be turfed. The
contract for the work has already
been let.
The executive committee of the
California Associated Students yes
terday ordered that the university
football field should be turfed. The
contract for the work has already
been let.
The executive committee of the
California Associated Students yes
terday ordered that the university
football field should be turfed. The
contract for the work has already
been let.
The executive committee of the
California Associated Students yes
terday ordered that the university
football field should be turfed. The
contract for the work has already
been let.
