# Dr. Blodgett's Recital Thursday.
## 
### 
The first of a series of four pro
grams of compositions for the violin
and piano will Ijo given by Dr. 13. C.
Dlodgett and G. Savannah at, the
I layhouse, Bryant Street and Chan
ning Avenue, next Thursday evening.
The other three recitals will be held
o'i December 5, January 8, and Jan
uary 22. Tickets may be obtained at
the Bookstore and at. the University
Drugstore. Single tickets are one
dollar, and for the season three dol
lars is chartred.
The first of a series of four pro
grams of compositions for the violin
and piano will Ijo given by Dr. 13. C.
Dlodgett and G. Savannah at, the
I layhouse, Bryant Street and Chan
ning Avenue, next Thursday evening.
The other three recitals will be held
o'i December 5, January 8, and Jan
uary 22. Tickets may be obtained at
the Bookstore and at. the University
Drugstore. Single tickets are one
dollar, and for the season three dol
lars is chartred.
The first of a series of four pro
grams of compositions for the violin
and piano will Ijo given by Dr. 13. C.
Dlodgett and G. Savannah at, the
I layhouse, Bryant Street and Chan
ning Avenue, next Thursday evening.
The other three recitals will be held
o'i December 5, January 8, and Jan
uary 22. Tickets may be obtained at
the Bookstore and at. the University
Drugstore. Single tickets are one
dollar, and for the season three dol
lars is chartred.
The first of a series of four pro
grams of compositions for the violin
and piano will Ijo given by Dr. 13. C.
Dlodgett and G. Savannah at, the
I layhouse, Bryant Street and Chan
ning Avenue, next Thursday evening.
The other three recitals will be held
o'i December 5, January 8, and Jan
uary 22. Tickets may be obtained at
the Bookstore and at. the University
Drugstore. Single tickets are one
dollar, and for the season three dol
lars is chartred.
The first of a series of four pro
grams of compositions for the violin
and piano will Ijo given by Dr. 13. C.
Dlodgett and G. Savannah at, the
I layhouse, Bryant Street and Chan
ning Avenue, next Thursday evening.
The other three recitals will be held
o'i December 5, January 8, and Jan
uary 22. Tickets may be obtained at
the Bookstore and at. the University
Drugstore. Single tickets are one
dollar, and for the season three dol
lars is chartred.
The first of a series of four pro
grams of compositions for the violin
and piano will Ijo given by Dr. 13. C.
Dlodgett and G. Savannah at, the
I layhouse, Bryant Street and Chan
ning Avenue, next Thursday evening.
The other three recitals will be held
o'i December 5, January 8, and Jan
uary 22. Tickets may be obtained at
the Bookstore and at. the University
Drugstore. Single tickets are one
dollar, and for the season three dol
lars is chartred.
The first of a series of four pro
grams of compositions for the violin
and piano will Ijo given by Dr. 13. C.
Dlodgett and G. Savannah at, the
I layhouse, Bryant Street and Chan
ning Avenue, next Thursday evening.
The other three recitals will be held
o'i December 5, January 8, and Jan
uary 22. Tickets may be obtained at
the Bookstore and at. the University
Drugstore. Single tickets are one
dollar, and for the season three dol
lars is chartred.
The first of a series of four pro
grams of compositions for the violin
and piano will Ijo given by Dr. 13. C.
Dlodgett and G. Savannah at, the
I layhouse, Bryant Street and Chan
ning Avenue, next Thursday evening.
The other three recitals will be held
o'i December 5, January 8, and Jan
uary 22. Tickets may be obtained at
the Bookstore and at. the University
Drugstore. Single tickets are one
dollar, and for the season three dol
lars is chartred.
The first of a series of four pro
grams of compositions for the violin
and piano will Ijo given by Dr. 13. C.
Dlodgett and G. Savannah at, the
I layhouse, Bryant Street and Chan
ning Avenue, next Thursday evening.
The other three recitals will be held
o'i December 5, January 8, and Jan
uary 22. Tickets may be obtained at
the Bookstore and at. the University
Drugstore. Single tickets are one
dollar, and for the season three dol
lars is chartred.
