# Job Interviews Listed by 2 Firms
## 
### 
Interviews for electrical engineers
and accounting positions will be
held Thursday and Friday, accord
ing to Robert E. Swenson, assistant
director of the Appointment Serv
ice.
R. W. Sikera, division plant engi
neer for Western Union, will visit
Stanford Thursday to interview
men for electrical engineering po
sitions. Western Union needs com
munication engineers.
Service experience in communi
cation is desirable. The company
prefers single men.
W. G. Carleton, representative of
the Burroughs Adding Machine
Company, will interview applicants
for sales positions Friday.
Burroughs wants men with strong
accounting backgrounds and sales
qualifications. Location is optional.
Arrangements for both interviews
may be made by calling the Ap
pointment Service, Extension 288.
