# Radio Club to Meet For business Dinner
## 
### 
Stanford Radio Club will meet to
morrow night at 6 for a business
dinner at the Stone Cellar, acting
president Bob Smith announced.
Election of officers, presentation
of a revised constitution, and dis
cussion of plans for a joint meeting
with the Palo Alto Radio Club will
head the evening's agenda.
Those members needing rides will
meet at the Engineering corner at
5:40 p.m. Students having cars,
Smith said, are asked to pick up
riders there.
Stanford Radio Club will meet to
morrow night at 6 for a business
dinner at the Stone Cellar, acting
president Bob Smith announced.
Election of officers, presentation
of a revised constitution, and dis
cussion of plans for a joint meeting
with the Palo Alto Radio Club will
head the evening's agenda.
Those members needing rides will
meet at the Engineering corner at
5:40 p.m. Students having cars,
Smith said, are asked to pick up
riders there.
Stanford Radio Club will meet to
morrow night at 6 for a business
dinner at the Stone Cellar, acting
president Bob Smith announced.
Election of officers, presentation
of a revised constitution, and dis
cussion of plans for a joint meeting
with the Palo Alto Radio Club will
head the evening's agenda.
Those members needing rides will
meet at the Engineering corner at
5:40 p.m. Students having cars,
Smith said, are asked to pick up
riders there.
Stanford Radio Club will meet to
morrow night at 6 for a business
dinner at the Stone Cellar, acting
president Bob Smith announced.
Election of officers, presentation
of a revised constitution, and dis
cussion of plans for a joint meeting
with the Palo Alto Radio Club will
head the evening's agenda.
Those members needing rides will
meet at the Engineering corner at
5:40 p.m. Students having cars,
Smith said, are asked to pick up
riders there.
Stanford Radio Club will meet to
morrow night at 6 for a business
dinner at the Stone Cellar, acting
president Bob Smith announced.
Election of officers, presentation
of a revised constitution, and dis
cussion of plans for a joint meeting
with the Palo Alto Radio Club will
head the evening's agenda.
Those members needing rides will
meet at the Engineering corner at
5:40 p.m. Students having cars,
Smith said, are asked to pick up
riders there.
Stanford Radio Club will meet to
morrow night at 6 for a business
dinner at the Stone Cellar, acting
president Bob Smith announced.
Election of officers, presentation
of a revised constitution, and dis
cussion of plans for a joint meeting
with the Palo Alto Radio Club will
head the evening's agenda.
Those members needing rides will
meet at the Engineering corner at
5:40 p.m. Students having cars,
Smith said, are asked to pick up
riders there.
Stanford Radio Club will meet to
morrow night at 6 for a business
dinner at the Stone Cellar, acting
president Bob Smith announced.
Election of officers, presentation
of a revised constitution, and dis
cussion of plans for a joint meeting
with the Palo Alto Radio Club will
head the evening's agenda.
Those members needing rides will
meet at the Engineering corner at
5:40 p.m. Students having cars,
Smith said, are asked to pick up
riders there.
Stanford Radio Club will meet to
morrow night at 6 for a business
dinner at the Stone Cellar, acting
president Bob Smith announced.
Election of officers, presentation
of a revised constitution, and dis
cussion of plans for a joint meeting
with the Palo Alto Radio Club will
head the evening's agenda.
Those members needing rides will
meet at the Engineering corner at
5:40 p.m. Students having cars,
Smith said, are asked to pick up
riders there.
Stanford Radio Club will meet to
morrow night at 6 for a business
dinner at the Stone Cellar, acting
president Bob Smith announced.
Election of officers, presentation
of a revised constitution, and dis
cussion of plans for a joint meeting
with the Palo Alto Radio Club will
head the evening's agenda.
Those members needing rides will
meet at the Engineering corner at
5:40 p.m. Students having cars,
Smith said, are asked to pick up
riders there.
Stanford Radio Club will meet to
morrow night at 6 for a business
dinner at the Stone Cellar, acting
president Bob Smith announced.
Election of officers, presentation
of a revised constitution, and dis
cussion of plans for a joint meeting
with the Palo Alto Radio Club will
head the evening's agenda.
Those members needing rides will
meet at the Engineering corner at
5:40 p.m. Students having cars,
Smith said, are asked to pick up
riders there.
Stanford Radio Club will meet to
morrow night at 6 for a business
dinner at the Stone Cellar, acting
president Bob Smith announced.
Election of officers, presentation
of a revised constitution, and dis
cussion of plans for a joint meeting
with the Palo Alto Radio Club will
head the evening's agenda.
Those members needing rides will
meet at the Engineering corner at
5:40 p.m. Students having cars,
Smith said, are asked to pick up
riders there.
Stanford Radio Club will meet to
morrow night at 6 for a business
dinner at the Stone Cellar, acting
president Bob Smith announced.
Election of officers, presentation
of a revised constitution, and dis
cussion of plans for a joint meeting
with the Palo Alto Radio Club will
head the evening's agenda.
Those members needing rides will
meet at the Engineering corner at
5:40 p.m. Students having cars,
Smith said, are asked to pick up
riders there.
Stanford Radio Club will meet to
morrow night at 6 for a business
dinner at the Stone Cellar, acting
president Bob Smith announced.
Election of officers, presentation
of a revised constitution, and dis
cussion of plans for a joint meeting
with the Palo Alto Radio Club will
head the evening's agenda.
Those members needing rides will
meet at the Engineering corner at
5:40 p.m. Students having cars,
Smith said, are asked to pick up
riders there.
Stanford Radio Club will meet to
morrow night at 6 for a business
dinner at the Stone Cellar, acting
president Bob Smith announced.
Election of officers, presentation
of a revised constitution, and dis
cussion of plans for a joint meeting
with the Palo Alto Radio Club will
head the evening's agenda.
Those members needing rides will
meet at the Engineering corner at
5:40 p.m. Students having cars,
Smith said, are asked to pick up
riders there.
Stanford Radio Club will meet to
morrow night at 6 for a business
dinner at the Stone Cellar, acting
president Bob Smith announced.
Election of officers, presentation
of a revised constitution, and dis
cussion of plans for a joint meeting
with the Palo Alto Radio Club will
head the evening's agenda.
Those members needing rides will
meet at the Engineering corner at
5:40 p.m. Students having cars,
Smith said, are asked to pick up
riders there.
