# Untitled Article
## 
### 
From three to five tons of old,
worn, and soiled currency are de
stroyed by the treasury department
of the United States every day.
From three to five tons of old,
worn, and soiled currency are de
stroyed by the treasury department
of the United States every day.
From three to five tons of old,
worn, and soiled currency are de
stroyed by the treasury department
of the United States every day.
From three to five tons of old,
worn, and soiled currency are de
stroyed by the treasury department
of the United States every day.
From three to five tons of old,
worn, and soiled currency are de
stroyed by the treasury department
of the United States every day.
From three to five tons of old,
worn, and soiled currency are de
stroyed by the treasury department
of the United States every day.
From three to five tons of old,
worn, and soiled currency are de
stroyed by the treasury department
of the United States every day.
From three to five tons of old,
worn, and soiled currency are de
stroyed by the treasury department
of the United States every day.
From three to five tons of old,
worn, and soiled currency are de
stroyed by the treasury department
of the United States every day.
From three to five tons of old,
worn, and soiled currency are de
stroyed by the treasury department
of the United States every day.
From three to five tons of old,
worn, and soiled currency are de
stroyed by the treasury department
of the United States every day.
From three to five tons of old,
worn, and soiled currency are de
stroyed by the treasury department
of the United States every day.
From three to five tons of old,
worn, and soiled currency are de
stroyed by the treasury department
of the United States every day.
From three to five tons of old,
worn, and soiled currency are de
stroyed by the treasury department
of the United States every day.
From three to five tons of old,
worn, and soiled currency are de
stroyed by the treasury department
of the United States every day.
