# Hot Stuff
## 
### 
She needs leather
Something old, something new, something
colorized in shades of blue is the theme at the
recently renovated Stanford Theatre on University
Ave. Kicking off this Jean Harlow weekend will be
the restored "Hell's Angels," which launched the
career of the blonde bombshell herself. The 127-
minute restoration brings back the original red,
blue and lavender tints that make this the only
existent color footage of the former queen of the
silver screen. "Hell's Angels" plays this Friday at
7:30, and Saturday at 3:15 and 7:30. Other Harlow
films will be playing throughout the weekend.

She needs leather
Something old, something new, something
colorized in shades of blue is the theme at the
recently renovated Stanford Theatre on University
Ave. Kicking off this Jean Harlow weekend will be
the restored "Hell's Angels," which launched the
career of the blonde bombshell herself. The 127-
minute restoration brings back the original red,
blue and lavender tints that make this the only
existent color footage of the former queen of the
silver screen. "Hell's Angels" plays this Friday at
7:30, and Saturday at 3:15 and 7:30. Other Harlow
films will be playing throughout the weekend.

She needs leather
Something old, something new, something
colorized in shades of blue is the theme at the
recently renovated Stanford Theatre on University
Ave. Kicking off this Jean Harlow weekend will be
the restored "Hell's Angels," which launched the
career of the blonde bombshell herself. The 127-
minute restoration brings back the original red,
blue and lavender tints that make this the only
existent color footage of the former queen of the
silver screen. "Hell's Angels" plays this Friday at
7:30, and Saturday at 3:15 and 7:30. Other Harlow
films will be playing throughout the weekend.

She needs leather
Something old, something new, something
colorized in shades of blue is the theme at the
recently renovated Stanford Theatre on University
Ave. Kicking off this Jean Harlow weekend will be
the restored "Hell's Angels," which launched the
career of the blonde bombshell herself. The 127-
minute restoration brings back the original red,
blue and lavender tints that make this the only
existent color footage of the former queen of the
silver screen. "Hell's Angels" plays this Friday at
7:30, and Saturday at 3:15 and 7:30. Other Harlow
films will be playing throughout the weekend.

She needs leather
Something old, something new, something
colorized in shades of blue is the theme at the
recently renovated Stanford Theatre on University
Ave. Kicking off this Jean Harlow weekend will be
the restored "Hell's Angels," which launched the
career of the blonde bombshell herself. The 127-
minute restoration brings back the original red,
blue and lavender tints that make this the only
existent color footage of the former queen of the
silver screen. "Hell's Angels" plays this Friday at
7:30, and Saturday at 3:15 and 7:30. Other Harlow
films will be playing throughout the weekend.

She needs leather
Something old, something new, something
colorized in shades of blue is the theme at the
recently renovated Stanford Theatre on University
Ave. Kicking off this Jean Harlow weekend will be
the restored "Hell's Angels," which launched the
career of the blonde bombshell herself. The 127-
minute restoration brings back the original red,
blue and lavender tints that make this the only
existent color footage of the former queen of the
silver screen. "Hell's Angels" plays this Friday at
7:30, and Saturday at 3:15 and 7:30. Other Harlow
films will be playing throughout the weekend.

She needs leather
Something old, something new, something
colorized in shades of blue is the theme at the
recently renovated Stanford Theatre on University
Ave. Kicking off this Jean Harlow weekend will be
the restored "Hell's Angels," which launched the
career of the blonde bombshell herself. The 127-
minute restoration brings back the original red,
blue and lavender tints that make this the only
existent color footage of the former queen of the
silver screen. "Hell's Angels" plays this Friday at
7:30, and Saturday at 3:15 and 7:30. Other Harlow
films will be playing throughout the weekend.

She needs leather
Something old, something new, something
colorized in shades of blue is the theme at the
recently renovated Stanford Theatre on University
Ave. Kicking off this Jean Harlow weekend will be
the restored "Hell's Angels," which launched the
career of the blonde bombshell herself. The 127-
minute restoration brings back the original red,
blue and lavender tints that make this the only
existent color footage of the former queen of the
silver screen. "Hell's Angels" plays this Friday at
7:30, and Saturday at 3:15 and 7:30. Other Harlow
films will be playing throughout the weekend.

