# Banks provide checking options
## Where to put your money 
### 
With several banks offering
different promotional items,
the task of choosing where to
open an account can easily
come down to what free thing
you want the most.
But there are also some
simple tips that can make
your choice a more educated
guess. Three local banks
have convenient on-campus
ATMs and offer special bene
fits for students â€” Bank of
America, Stanford Federal
Credit Union and Wells Fargo.
While the credit union and
Wells Fargo have branches
right on campus, Bank of
America does not. Here's a
comparison of the most popu
lar student checking accounts
and other information.

