# Opera Series Will Begin Here Friday
## 
### 
Stanford University's Depart
ment of Music will open its Sub
scription Series Friday evening
at 8:30 in Dinkelspiel Audito
rium, with a program of chamber
opera by the After-Dinner Opera
Company, one of the smallest
professional opera companies in
the world.
For its Stanford appearance
the group will do three small op
eras: "The Telephone," by Gia
Carlo Menotti; "66," by Jacques
Offenbach: and "Apollo and Per
sephone," by the contemporary
English composer Gerald Cock
shot t.
The off-Broadway group was
one of the outstanding attrac
tions of the 1956 Edinburgh Fes
tival. Members of the company
include soprano Jeanne Beauvals,
tenor Norman Myrvik, bass-bari
tone Francis Barnard, stage di
rector Richard Flusser and stage
manager Beth Leibowitz. During
its recent European tour, the
group carried its complete cast,
scenery, costumes and a portable
theater in a small Volkswagen
bus.
Tickets for the series of four
programs are available for S7 at
I the Dinkelspiel Auditorium box
office (DAvenport 6-3691) from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m. on weekdays;
and at the Peninsula Box Office
(DAvenport 2-2122). Single tick
cts are also on sale.
Stanford University's Depart
ment of Music will open its Sub
scription Series Friday evening
at 8:30 in Dinkelspiel Audito
rium, with a program of chamber
opera by the After-Dinner Opera
Company, one of the smallest
professional opera companies in
the world.
For its Stanford appearance
the group will do three small op
eras: "The Telephone," by Gia
Carlo Menotti; "66," by Jacques
Offenbach: and "Apollo and Per
sephone," by the contemporary
English composer Gerald Cock
shot t.
The off-Broadway group was
one of the outstanding attrac
tions of the 1956 Edinburgh Fes
tival. Members of the company
include soprano Jeanne Beauvals,
tenor Norman Myrvik, bass-bari
tone Francis Barnard, stage di
rector Richard Flusser and stage
manager Beth Leibowitz. During
its recent European tour, the
group carried its complete cast,
scenery, costumes and a portable
theater in a small Volkswagen
bus.
Tickets for the series of four
programs are available for S7 at
I the Dinkelspiel Auditorium box
office (DAvenport 6-3691) from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m. on weekdays;
and at the Peninsula Box Office
(DAvenport 2-2122). Single tick
cts are also on sale.
Stanford University's Depart
ment of Music will open its Sub
scription Series Friday evening
at 8:30 in Dinkelspiel Audito
rium, with a program of chamber
opera by the After-Dinner Opera
Company, one of the smallest
professional opera companies in
the world.
For its Stanford appearance
the group will do three small op
eras: "The Telephone," by Gia
Carlo Menotti; "66," by Jacques
Offenbach: and "Apollo and Per
sephone," by the contemporary
English composer Gerald Cock
shot t.
The off-Broadway group was
one of the outstanding attrac
tions of the 1956 Edinburgh Fes
tival. Members of the company
include soprano Jeanne Beauvals,
tenor Norman Myrvik, bass-bari
tone Francis Barnard, stage di
rector Richard Flusser and stage
manager Beth Leibowitz. During
its recent European tour, the
group carried its complete cast,
scenery, costumes and a portable
theater in a small Volkswagen
bus.
Tickets for the series of four
programs are available for S7 at
I the Dinkelspiel Auditorium box
office (DAvenport 6-3691) from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m. on weekdays;
and at the Peninsula Box Office
(DAvenport 2-2122). Single tick
cts are also on sale.
Stanford University's Depart
ment of Music will open its Sub
scription Series Friday evening
at 8:30 in Dinkelspiel Audito
rium, with a program of chamber
opera by the After-Dinner Opera
Company, one of the smallest
professional opera companies in
the world.
For its Stanford appearance
the group will do three small op
eras: "The Telephone," by Gia
Carlo Menotti; "66," by Jacques
Offenbach: and "Apollo and Per
sephone," by the contemporary
English composer Gerald Cock
shot t.
The off-Broadway group was
one of the outstanding attrac
tions of the 1956 Edinburgh Fes
tival. Members of the company
include soprano Jeanne Beauvals,
tenor Norman Myrvik, bass-bari
tone Francis Barnard, stage di
rector Richard Flusser and stage
manager Beth Leibowitz. During
its recent European tour, the
group carried its complete cast,
scenery, costumes and a portable
theater in a small Volkswagen
bus.
Tickets for the series of four
programs are available for S7 at
I the Dinkelspiel Auditorium box
office (DAvenport 6-3691) from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m. on weekdays;
and at the Peninsula Box Office
(DAvenport 2-2122). Single tick
cts are also on sale.
Stanford University's Depart
ment of Music will open its Sub
scription Series Friday evening
at 8:30 in Dinkelspiel Audito
rium, with a program of chamber
opera by the After-Dinner Opera
Company, one of the smallest
professional opera companies in
the world.
For its Stanford appearance
the group will do three small op
eras: "The Telephone," by Gia
Carlo Menotti; "66," by Jacques
Offenbach: and "Apollo and Per
sephone," by the contemporary
English composer Gerald Cock
shot t.
The off-Broadway group was
one of the outstanding attrac
tions of the 1956 Edinburgh Fes
tival. Members of the company
include soprano Jeanne Beauvals,
tenor Norman Myrvik, bass-bari
tone Francis Barnard, stage di
rector Richard Flusser and stage
manager Beth Leibowitz. During
its recent European tour, the
group carried its complete cast,
scenery, costumes and a portable
theater in a small Volkswagen
bus.
Tickets for the series of four
programs are available for S7 at
I the Dinkelspiel Auditorium box
office (DAvenport 6-3691) from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m. on weekdays;
and at the Peninsula Box Office
(DAvenport 2-2122). Single tick
cts are also on sale.
Stanford University's Depart
ment of Music will open its Sub
scription Series Friday evening
at 8:30 in Dinkelspiel Audito
rium, with a program of chamber
opera by the After-Dinner Opera
Company, one of the smallest
professional opera companies in
the world.
For its Stanford appearance
the group will do three small op
eras: "The Telephone," by Gia
Carlo Menotti; "66," by Jacques
Offenbach: and "Apollo and Per
sephone," by the contemporary
English composer Gerald Cock
shot t.
The off-Broadway group was
one of the outstanding attrac
tions of the 1956 Edinburgh Fes
tival. Members of the company
include soprano Jeanne Beauvals,
tenor Norman Myrvik, bass-bari
tone Francis Barnard, stage di
rector Richard Flusser and stage
manager Beth Leibowitz. During
its recent European tour, the
group carried its complete cast,
scenery, costumes and a portable
theater in a small Volkswagen
bus.
Tickets for the series of four
programs are available for S7 at
I the Dinkelspiel Auditorium box
office (DAvenport 6-3691) from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m. on weekdays;
and at the Peninsula Box Office
(DAvenport 2-2122). Single tick
cts are also on sale.
Stanford University's Depart
ment of Music will open its Sub
scription Series Friday evening
at 8:30 in Dinkelspiel Audito
rium, with a program of chamber
opera by the After-Dinner Opera
Company, one of the smallest
professional opera companies in
the world.
For its Stanford appearance
the group will do three small op
eras: "The Telephone," by Gia
Carlo Menotti; "66," by Jacques
Offenbach: and "Apollo and Per
sephone," by the contemporary
English composer Gerald Cock
shot t.
The off-Broadway group was
one of the outstanding attrac
tions of the 1956 Edinburgh Fes
tival. Members of the company
include soprano Jeanne Beauvals,
tenor Norman Myrvik, bass-bari
tone Francis Barnard, stage di
rector Richard Flusser and stage
manager Beth Leibowitz. During
its recent European tour, the
group carried its complete cast,
scenery, costumes and a portable
theater in a small Volkswagen
bus.
Tickets for the series of four
programs are available for S7 at
I the Dinkelspiel Auditorium box
office (DAvenport 6-3691) from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m. on weekdays;
and at the Peninsula Box Office
(DAvenport 2-2122). Single tick
cts are also on sale.
Stanford University's Depart
ment of Music will open its Sub
scription Series Friday evening
at 8:30 in Dinkelspiel Audito
rium, with a program of chamber
opera by the After-Dinner Opera
Company, one of the smallest
professional opera companies in
the world.
For its Stanford appearance
the group will do three small op
eras: "The Telephone," by Gia
Carlo Menotti; "66," by Jacques
Offenbach: and "Apollo and Per
sephone," by the contemporary
English composer Gerald Cock
shot t.
The off-Broadway group was
one of the outstanding attrac
tions of the 1956 Edinburgh Fes
tival. Members of the company
include soprano Jeanne Beauvals,
tenor Norman Myrvik, bass-bari
tone Francis Barnard, stage di
rector Richard Flusser and stage
manager Beth Leibowitz. During
its recent European tour, the
group carried its complete cast,
scenery, costumes and a portable
theater in a small Volkswagen
bus.
Tickets for the series of four
programs are available for S7 at
I the Dinkelspiel Auditorium box
office (DAvenport 6-3691) from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m. on weekdays;
and at the Peninsula Box Office
(DAvenport 2-2122). Single tick
cts are also on sale.
Stanford University's Depart
ment of Music will open its Sub
scription Series Friday evening
at 8:30 in Dinkelspiel Audito
rium, with a program of chamber
opera by the After-Dinner Opera
Company, one of the smallest
professional opera companies in
the world.
For its Stanford appearance
the group will do three small op
eras: "The Telephone," by Gia
Carlo Menotti; "66," by Jacques
Offenbach: and "Apollo and Per
sephone," by the contemporary
English composer Gerald Cock
shot t.
The off-Broadway group was
one of the outstanding attrac
tions of the 1956 Edinburgh Fes
tival. Members of the company
include soprano Jeanne Beauvals,
tenor Norman Myrvik, bass-bari
tone Francis Barnard, stage di
rector Richard Flusser and stage
manager Beth Leibowitz. During
its recent European tour, the
group carried its complete cast,
scenery, costumes and a portable
theater in a small Volkswagen
bus.
Tickets for the series of four
programs are available for S7 at
I the Dinkelspiel Auditorium box
office (DAvenport 6-3691) from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m. on weekdays;
and at the Peninsula Box Office
(DAvenport 2-2122). Single tick
cts are also on sale.
Stanford University's Depart
ment of Music will open its Sub
scription Series Friday evening
at 8:30 in Dinkelspiel Audito
rium, with a program of chamber
opera by the After-Dinner Opera
Company, one of the smallest
professional opera companies in
the world.
For its Stanford appearance
the group will do three small op
eras: "The Telephone," by Gia
Carlo Menotti; "66," by Jacques
Offenbach: and "Apollo and Per
sephone," by the contemporary
English composer Gerald Cock
shot t.
The off-Broadway group was
one of the outstanding attrac
tions of the 1956 Edinburgh Fes
tival. Members of the company
include soprano Jeanne Beauvals,
tenor Norman Myrvik, bass-bari
tone Francis Barnard, stage di
rector Richard Flusser and stage
manager Beth Leibowitz. During
its recent European tour, the
group carried its complete cast,
scenery, costumes and a portable
theater in a small Volkswagen
bus.
Tickets for the series of four
programs are available for S7 at
I the Dinkelspiel Auditorium box
office (DAvenport 6-3691) from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m. on weekdays;
and at the Peninsula Box Office
(DAvenport 2-2122). Single tick
cts are also on sale.
Stanford University's Depart
ment of Music will open its Sub
scription Series Friday evening
at 8:30 in Dinkelspiel Audito
rium, with a program of chamber
opera by the After-Dinner Opera
Company, one of the smallest
professional opera companies in
the world.
For its Stanford appearance
the group will do three small op
eras: "The Telephone," by Gia
Carlo Menotti; "66," by Jacques
Offenbach: and "Apollo and Per
sephone," by the contemporary
English composer Gerald Cock
shot t.
The off-Broadway group was
one of the outstanding attrac
tions of the 1956 Edinburgh Fes
tival. Members of the company
include soprano Jeanne Beauvals,
tenor Norman Myrvik, bass-bari
tone Francis Barnard, stage di
rector Richard Flusser and stage
manager Beth Leibowitz. During
its recent European tour, the
group carried its complete cast,
scenery, costumes and a portable
theater in a small Volkswagen
bus.
Tickets for the series of four
programs are available for S7 at
I the Dinkelspiel Auditorium box
office (DAvenport 6-3691) from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m. on weekdays;
and at the Peninsula Box Office
(DAvenport 2-2122). Single tick
cts are also on sale.
Stanford University's Depart
ment of Music will open its Sub
scription Series Friday evening
at 8:30 in Dinkelspiel Audito
rium, with a program of chamber
opera by the After-Dinner Opera
Company, one of the smallest
professional opera companies in
the world.
For its Stanford appearance
the group will do three small op
eras: "The Telephone," by Gia
Carlo Menotti; "66," by Jacques
Offenbach: and "Apollo and Per
sephone," by the contemporary
English composer Gerald Cock
shot t.
The off-Broadway group was
one of the outstanding attrac
tions of the 1956 Edinburgh Fes
tival. Members of the company
include soprano Jeanne Beauvals,
tenor Norman Myrvik, bass-bari
tone Francis Barnard, stage di
rector Richard Flusser and stage
manager Beth Leibowitz. During
its recent European tour, the
group carried its complete cast,
scenery, costumes and a portable
theater in a small Volkswagen
bus.
Tickets for the series of four
programs are available for S7 at
I the Dinkelspiel Auditorium box
office (DAvenport 6-3691) from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m. on weekdays;
and at the Peninsula Box Office
(DAvenport 2-2122). Single tick
cts are also on sale.
Stanford University's Depart
ment of Music will open its Sub
scription Series Friday evening
at 8:30 in Dinkelspiel Audito
rium, with a program of chamber
opera by the After-Dinner Opera
Company, one of the smallest
professional opera companies in
the world.
For its Stanford appearance
the group will do three small op
eras: "The Telephone," by Gia
Carlo Menotti; "66," by Jacques
Offenbach: and "Apollo and Per
sephone," by the contemporary
English composer Gerald Cock
shot t.
The off-Broadway group was
one of the outstanding attrac
tions of the 1956 Edinburgh Fes
tival. Members of the company
include soprano Jeanne Beauvals,
tenor Norman Myrvik, bass-bari
tone Francis Barnard, stage di
rector Richard Flusser and stage
manager Beth Leibowitz. During
its recent European tour, the
group carried its complete cast,
scenery, costumes and a portable
theater in a small Volkswagen
bus.
Tickets for the series of four
programs are available for S7 at
I the Dinkelspiel Auditorium box
office (DAvenport 6-3691) from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m. on weekdays;
and at the Peninsula Box Office
(DAvenport 2-2122). Single tick
cts are also on sale.
Stanford University's Depart
ment of Music will open its Sub
scription Series Friday evening
at 8:30 in Dinkelspiel Audito
rium, with a program of chamber
opera by the After-Dinner Opera
Company, one of the smallest
professional opera companies in
the world.
For its Stanford appearance
the group will do three small op
eras: "The Telephone," by Gia
Carlo Menotti; "66," by Jacques
Offenbach: and "Apollo and Per
sephone," by the contemporary
English composer Gerald Cock
shot t.
The off-Broadway group was
one of the outstanding attrac
tions of the 1956 Edinburgh Fes
tival. Members of the company
include soprano Jeanne Beauvals,
tenor Norman Myrvik, bass-bari
tone Francis Barnard, stage di
rector Richard Flusser and stage
manager Beth Leibowitz. During
its recent European tour, the
group carried its complete cast,
scenery, costumes and a portable
theater in a small Volkswagen
bus.
Tickets for the series of four
programs are available for S7 at
I the Dinkelspiel Auditorium box
office (DAvenport 6-3691) from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m. on weekdays;
and at the Peninsula Box Office
(DAvenport 2-2122). Single tick
cts are also on sale.
Stanford University's Depart
ment of Music will open its Sub
scription Series Friday evening
at 8:30 in Dinkelspiel Audito
rium, with a program of chamber
opera by the After-Dinner Opera
Company, one of the smallest
professional opera companies in
the world.
For its Stanford appearance
the group will do three small op
eras: "The Telephone," by Gia
Carlo Menotti; "66," by Jacques
Offenbach: and "Apollo and Per
sephone," by the contemporary
English composer Gerald Cock
shot t.
The off-Broadway group was
one of the outstanding attrac
tions of the 1956 Edinburgh Fes
tival. Members of the company
include soprano Jeanne Beauvals,
tenor Norman Myrvik, bass-bari
tone Francis Barnard, stage di
rector Richard Flusser and stage
manager Beth Leibowitz. During
its recent European tour, the
group carried its complete cast,
scenery, costumes and a portable
theater in a small Volkswagen
bus.
Tickets for the series of four
programs are available for S7 at
I the Dinkelspiel Auditorium box
office (DAvenport 6-3691) from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m. on weekdays;
and at the Peninsula Box Office
(DAvenport 2-2122). Single tick
cts are also on sale.
Stanford University's Depart
ment of Music will open its Sub
scription Series Friday evening
at 8:30 in Dinkelspiel Audito
rium, with a program of chamber
opera by the After-Dinner Opera
Company, one of the smallest
professional opera companies in
the world.
For its Stanford appearance
the group will do three small op
eras: "The Telephone," by Gia
Carlo Menotti; "66," by Jacques
Offenbach: and "Apollo and Per
sephone," by the contemporary
English composer Gerald Cock
shot t.
The off-Broadway group was
one of the outstanding attrac
tions of the 1956 Edinburgh Fes
tival. Members of the company
include soprano Jeanne Beauvals,
tenor Norman Myrvik, bass-bari
tone Francis Barnard, stage di
rector Richard Flusser and stage
manager Beth Leibowitz. During
its recent European tour, the
group carried its complete cast,
scenery, costumes and a portable
theater in a small Volkswagen
bus.
Tickets for the series of four
programs are available for S7 at
I the Dinkelspiel Auditorium box
office (DAvenport 6-3691) from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m. on weekdays;
and at the Peninsula Box Office
(DAvenport 2-2122). Single tick
cts are also on sale.
