# Sadie Makes Her Debut
## 
### 
Last night at 8:15 the mysterious, tantalizing voice of Stanford
Sadie went on the air for the first time this quarter. Her identity
will be a well-kept secret until after Sadie's final broadcast this'
quarter. She is chosen for the unusual expressiveness and sensual
quality of her voice. Stanford Sadie never broadcasts from the
station itself, a fact that makes identifying her almost impossible.
After her show next week, it will be possible to call her from 8:45
to 9:15. —Daily Photo by Larry Lynch

Last night at 8:15 the mysterious, tantalizing voice of Stanford
Sadie went on the air for the first time this quarter. Her identity
will be a well-kept secret until after Sadie's final broadcast this'
quarter. She is chosen for the unusual expressiveness and sensual
quality of her voice. Stanford Sadie never broadcasts from the
station itself, a fact that makes identifying her almost impossible.
After her show next week, it will be possible to call her from 8:45
to 9:15. —Daily Photo by Larry Lynch

Last night at 8:15 the mysterious, tantalizing voice of Stanford
Sadie went on the air for the first time this quarter. Her identity
will be a well-kept secret until after Sadie's final broadcast this'
quarter. She is chosen for the unusual expressiveness and sensual
quality of her voice. Stanford Sadie never broadcasts from the
station itself, a fact that makes identifying her almost impossible.
After her show next week, it will be possible to call her from 8:45
to 9:15. —Daily Photo by Larry Lynch

Last night at 8:15 the mysterious, tantalizing voice of Stanford
Sadie went on the air for the first time this quarter. Her identity
will be a well-kept secret until after Sadie's final broadcast this'
quarter. She is chosen for the unusual expressiveness and sensual
quality of her voice. Stanford Sadie never broadcasts from the
station itself, a fact that makes identifying her almost impossible.
After her show next week, it will be possible to call her from 8:45
to 9:15. —Daily Photo by Larry Lynch

Last night at 8:15 the mysterious, tantalizing voice of Stanford
Sadie went on the air for the first time this quarter. Her identity
will be a well-kept secret until after Sadie's final broadcast this'
quarter. She is chosen for the unusual expressiveness and sensual
quality of her voice. Stanford Sadie never broadcasts from the
station itself, a fact that makes identifying her almost impossible.
After her show next week, it will be possible to call her from 8:45
to 9:15. —Daily Photo by Larry Lynch

Last night at 8:15 the mysterious, tantalizing voice of Stanford
Sadie went on the air for the first time this quarter. Her identity
will be a well-kept secret until after Sadie's final broadcast this'
quarter. She is chosen for the unusual expressiveness and sensual
quality of her voice. Stanford Sadie never broadcasts from the
station itself, a fact that makes identifying her almost impossible.
After her show next week, it will be possible to call her from 8:45
to 9:15. —Daily Photo by Larry Lynch

Last night at 8:15 the mysterious, tantalizing voice of Stanford
Sadie went on the air for the first time this quarter. Her identity
will be a well-kept secret until after Sadie's final broadcast this'
quarter. She is chosen for the unusual expressiveness and sensual
quality of her voice. Stanford Sadie never broadcasts from the
station itself, a fact that makes identifying her almost impossible.
After her show next week, it will be possible to call her from 8:45
to 9:15. —Daily Photo by Larry Lynch

Last night at 8:15 the mysterious, tantalizing voice of Stanford
Sadie went on the air for the first time this quarter. Her identity
will be a well-kept secret until after Sadie's final broadcast this'
quarter. She is chosen for the unusual expressiveness and sensual
quality of her voice. Stanford Sadie never broadcasts from the
station itself, a fact that makes identifying her almost impossible.
After her show next week, it will be possible to call her from 8:45
to 9:15. —Daily Photo by Larry Lynch

Last night at 8:15 the mysterious, tantalizing voice of Stanford
Sadie went on the air for the first time this quarter. Her identity
will be a well-kept secret until after Sadie's final broadcast this'
quarter. She is chosen for the unusual expressiveness and sensual
quality of her voice. Stanford Sadie never broadcasts from the
station itself, a fact that makes identifying her almost impossible.
After her show next week, it will be possible to call her from 8:45
to 9:15. —Daily Photo by Larry Lynch

Last night at 8:15 the mysterious, tantalizing voice of Stanford
Sadie went on the air for the first time this quarter. Her identity
will be a well-kept secret until after Sadie's final broadcast this'
quarter. She is chosen for the unusual expressiveness and sensual
quality of her voice. Stanford Sadie never broadcasts from the
station itself, a fact that makes identifying her almost impossible.
After her show next week, it will be possible to call her from 8:45
to 9:15. —Daily Photo by Larry Lynch

Last night at 8:15 the mysterious, tantalizing voice of Stanford
Sadie went on the air for the first time this quarter. Her identity
will be a well-kept secret until after Sadie's final broadcast this'
quarter. She is chosen for the unusual expressiveness and sensual
quality of her voice. Stanford Sadie never broadcasts from the
station itself, a fact that makes identifying her almost impossible.
After her show next week, it will be possible to call her from 8:45
to 9:15. —Daily Photo by Larry Lynch

Last night at 8:15 the mysterious, tantalizing voice of Stanford
Sadie went on the air for the first time this quarter. Her identity
will be a well-kept secret until after Sadie's final broadcast this'
quarter. She is chosen for the unusual expressiveness and sensual
quality of her voice. Stanford Sadie never broadcasts from the
station itself, a fact that makes identifying her almost impossible.
After her show next week, it will be possible to call her from 8:45
to 9:15. —Daily Photo by Larry Lynch

Last night at 8:15 the mysterious, tantalizing voice of Stanford
Sadie went on the air for the first time this quarter. Her identity
will be a well-kept secret until after Sadie's final broadcast this'
quarter. She is chosen for the unusual expressiveness and sensual
quality of her voice. Stanford Sadie never broadcasts from the
station itself, a fact that makes identifying her almost impossible.
After her show next week, it will be possible to call her from 8:45
to 9:15. —Daily Photo by Larry Lynch

Last night at 8:15 the mysterious, tantalizing voice of Stanford
Sadie went on the air for the first time this quarter. Her identity
will be a well-kept secret until after Sadie's final broadcast this'
quarter. She is chosen for the unusual expressiveness and sensual
quality of her voice. Stanford Sadie never broadcasts from the
station itself, a fact that makes identifying her almost impossible.
After her show next week, it will be possible to call her from 8:45
to 9:15. —Daily Photo by Larry Lynch

Last night at 8:15 the mysterious, tantalizing voice of Stanford
Sadie went on the air for the first time this quarter. Her identity
will be a well-kept secret until after Sadie's final broadcast this'
quarter. She is chosen for the unusual expressiveness and sensual
quality of her voice. Stanford Sadie never broadcasts from the
station itself, a fact that makes identifying her almost impossible.
After her show next week, it will be possible to call her from 8:45
to 9:15. —Daily Photo by Larry Lynch

Last night at 8:15 the mysterious, tantalizing voice of Stanford
Sadie went on the air for the first time this quarter. Her identity
will be a well-kept secret until after Sadie's final broadcast this'
quarter. She is chosen for the unusual expressiveness and sensual
quality of her voice. Stanford Sadie never broadcasts from the
station itself, a fact that makes identifying her almost impossible.
After her show next week, it will be possible to call her from 8:45
to 9:15. —Daily Photo by Larry Lynch

