# British Grad Study Grants Available
## 
### 
College students interested in
graduate study at universities in
Great Britain may now apply for
the three Marshall Scholarships
awarded to students of the West
ern states. Applications must be
in by Oct. 31.
Started in 1953 as a token of
Britain's thanks for United
States Marshall Plan aid, each
award is worth $1540 a year plus
transportation to and from the
United Kingdom. Any American
college graduate under 28 of ei
ther sex, married or single, may
apply.
Interested students should con
tact the British Consulate - Gen
eral, 2516 Pacific Avenue, San
Francisco.
College students interested in
graduate study at universities in
Great Britain may now apply for
the three Marshall Scholarships
awarded to students of the West
ern states. Applications must be
in by Oct. 31.
Started in 1953 as a token of
Britain's thanks for United
States Marshall Plan aid, each
award is worth $1540 a year plus
transportation to and from the
United Kingdom. Any American
college graduate under 28 of ei
ther sex, married or single, may
apply.
Interested students should con
tact the British Consulate - Gen
eral, 2516 Pacific Avenue, San
Francisco.
College students interested in
graduate study at universities in
Great Britain may now apply for
the three Marshall Scholarships
awarded to students of the West
ern states. Applications must be
in by Oct. 31.
Started in 1953 as a token of
Britain's thanks for United
States Marshall Plan aid, each
award is worth $1540 a year plus
transportation to and from the
United Kingdom. Any American
college graduate under 28 of ei
ther sex, married or single, may
apply.
Interested students should con
tact the British Consulate - Gen
eral, 2516 Pacific Avenue, San
Francisco.
College students interested in
graduate study at universities in
Great Britain may now apply for
the three Marshall Scholarships
awarded to students of the West
ern states. Applications must be
in by Oct. 31.
Started in 1953 as a token of
Britain's thanks for United
States Marshall Plan aid, each
award is worth $1540 a year plus
transportation to and from the
United Kingdom. Any American
college graduate under 28 of ei
ther sex, married or single, may
apply.
Interested students should con
tact the British Consulate - Gen
eral, 2516 Pacific Avenue, San
Francisco.
College students interested in
graduate study at universities in
Great Britain may now apply for
the three Marshall Scholarships
awarded to students of the West
ern states. Applications must be
in by Oct. 31.
Started in 1953 as a token of
Britain's thanks for United
States Marshall Plan aid, each
award is worth $1540 a year plus
transportation to and from the
United Kingdom. Any American
college graduate under 28 of ei
ther sex, married or single, may
apply.
Interested students should con
tact the British Consulate - Gen
eral, 2516 Pacific Avenue, San
Francisco.
College students interested in
graduate study at universities in
Great Britain may now apply for
the three Marshall Scholarships
awarded to students of the West
ern states. Applications must be
in by Oct. 31.
Started in 1953 as a token of
Britain's thanks for United
States Marshall Plan aid, each
award is worth $1540 a year plus
transportation to and from the
United Kingdom. Any American
college graduate under 28 of ei
ther sex, married or single, may
apply.
Interested students should con
tact the British Consulate - Gen
eral, 2516 Pacific Avenue, San
Francisco.
College students interested in
graduate study at universities in
Great Britain may now apply for
the three Marshall Scholarships
awarded to students of the West
ern states. Applications must be
in by Oct. 31.
Started in 1953 as a token of
Britain's thanks for United
States Marshall Plan aid, each
award is worth $1540 a year plus
transportation to and from the
United Kingdom. Any American
college graduate under 28 of ei
ther sex, married or single, may
apply.
Interested students should con
tact the British Consulate - Gen
eral, 2516 Pacific Avenue, San
Francisco.
College students interested in
graduate study at universities in
Great Britain may now apply for
the three Marshall Scholarships
awarded to students of the West
ern states. Applications must be
in by Oct. 31.
Started in 1953 as a token of
Britain's thanks for United
States Marshall Plan aid, each
award is worth $1540 a year plus
transportation to and from the
United Kingdom. Any American
college graduate under 28 of ei
ther sex, married or single, may
apply.
Interested students should con
tact the British Consulate - Gen
eral, 2516 Pacific Avenue, San
Francisco.
College students interested in
graduate study at universities in
Great Britain may now apply for
the three Marshall Scholarships
awarded to students of the West
ern states. Applications must be
in by Oct. 31.
Started in 1953 as a token of
Britain's thanks for United
States Marshall Plan aid, each
award is worth $1540 a year plus
transportation to and from the
United Kingdom. Any American
college graduate under 28 of ei
ther sex, married or single, may
apply.
Interested students should con
tact the British Consulate - Gen
eral, 2516 Pacific Avenue, San
Francisco.
College students interested in
graduate study at universities in
Great Britain may now apply for
the three Marshall Scholarships
awarded to students of the West
ern states. Applications must be
in by Oct. 31.
Started in 1953 as a token of
Britain's thanks for United
States Marshall Plan aid, each
award is worth $1540 a year plus
transportation to and from the
United Kingdom. Any American
college graduate under 28 of ei
ther sex, married or single, may
apply.
Interested students should con
tact the British Consulate - Gen
eral, 2516 Pacific Avenue, San
Francisco.
College students interested in
graduate study at universities in
Great Britain may now apply for
the three Marshall Scholarships
awarded to students of the West
ern states. Applications must be
in by Oct. 31.
Started in 1953 as a token of
Britain's thanks for United
States Marshall Plan aid, each
award is worth $1540 a year plus
transportation to and from the
United Kingdom. Any American
college graduate under 28 of ei
ther sex, married or single, may
apply.
Interested students should con
tact the British Consulate - Gen
eral, 2516 Pacific Avenue, San
Francisco.
College students interested in
graduate study at universities in
Great Britain may now apply for
the three Marshall Scholarships
awarded to students of the West
ern states. Applications must be
in by Oct. 31.
Started in 1953 as a token of
Britain's thanks for United
States Marshall Plan aid, each
award is worth $1540 a year plus
transportation to and from the
United Kingdom. Any American
college graduate under 28 of ei
ther sex, married or single, may
apply.
Interested students should con
tact the British Consulate - Gen
eral, 2516 Pacific Avenue, San
Francisco.
College students interested in
graduate study at universities in
Great Britain may now apply for
the three Marshall Scholarships
awarded to students of the West
ern states. Applications must be
in by Oct. 31.
Started in 1953 as a token of
Britain's thanks for United
States Marshall Plan aid, each
award is worth $1540 a year plus
transportation to and from the
United Kingdom. Any American
college graduate under 28 of ei
ther sex, married or single, may
apply.
Interested students should con
tact the British Consulate - Gen
eral, 2516 Pacific Avenue, San
Francisco.
College students interested in
graduate study at universities in
Great Britain may now apply for
the three Marshall Scholarships
awarded to students of the West
ern states. Applications must be
in by Oct. 31.
Started in 1953 as a token of
Britain's thanks for United
States Marshall Plan aid, each
award is worth $1540 a year plus
transportation to and from the
United Kingdom. Any American
college graduate under 28 of ei
ther sex, married or single, may
apply.
Interested students should con
tact the British Consulate - Gen
eral, 2516 Pacific Avenue, San
Francisco.
College students interested in
graduate study at universities in
Great Britain may now apply for
the three Marshall Scholarships
awarded to students of the West
ern states. Applications must be
in by Oct. 31.
Started in 1953 as a token of
Britain's thanks for United
States Marshall Plan aid, each
award is worth $1540 a year plus
transportation to and from the
United Kingdom. Any American
college graduate under 28 of ei
ther sex, married or single, may
apply.
Interested students should con
tact the British Consulate - Gen
eral, 2516 Pacific Avenue, San
Francisco.
College students interested in
graduate study at universities in
Great Britain may now apply for
the three Marshall Scholarships
awarded to students of the West
ern states. Applications must be
in by Oct. 31.
Started in 1953 as a token of
Britain's thanks for United
States Marshall Plan aid, each
award is worth $1540 a year plus
transportation to and from the
United Kingdom. Any American
college graduate under 28 of ei
ther sex, married or single, may
apply.
Interested students should con
tact the British Consulate - Gen
eral, 2516 Pacific Avenue, San
Francisco.
