# 30,000 CHINESE STARVE
## 
### 
HANKOW, China, April 27. (/P) —
Cliine.se authorities said today that
unless the National Flood Relief
Commission can obtain additional
supplies of American wheat. .*50,000
Hood refugees in this district will
die of starvation.
HANKOW, China, April 27. (/P) —
Cliine.se authorities said today that
unless the National Flood Relief
Commission can obtain additional
supplies of American wheat. .*50,000
Hood refugees in this district will
die of starvation.
HANKOW, China, April 27. (/P) —
Cliine.se authorities said today that
unless the National Flood Relief
Commission can obtain additional
supplies of American wheat. .*50,000
Hood refugees in this district will
die of starvation.
HANKOW, China, April 27. (/P) —
Cliine.se authorities said today that
unless the National Flood Relief
Commission can obtain additional
supplies of American wheat. .*50,000
Hood refugees in this district will
die of starvation.
HANKOW, China, April 27. (/P) —
Cliine.se authorities said today that
unless the National Flood Relief
Commission can obtain additional
supplies of American wheat. .*50,000
Hood refugees in this district will
die of starvation.
HANKOW, China, April 27. (/P) —
Cliine.se authorities said today that
unless the National Flood Relief
Commission can obtain additional
supplies of American wheat. .*50,000
Hood refugees in this district will
die of starvation.
HANKOW, China, April 27. (/P) —
Cliine.se authorities said today that
unless the National Flood Relief
Commission can obtain additional
supplies of American wheat. .*50,000
Hood refugees in this district will
die of starvation.
HANKOW, China, April 27. (/P) —
Cliine.se authorities said today that
unless the National Flood Relief
Commission can obtain additional
supplies of American wheat. .*50,000
Hood refugees in this district will
die of starvation.
HANKOW, China, April 27. (/P) —
Cliine.se authorities said today that
unless the National Flood Relief
Commission can obtain additional
supplies of American wheat. .*50,000
Hood refugees in this district will
die of starvation.
HANKOW, China, April 27. (/P) —
Cliine.se authorities said today that
unless the National Flood Relief
Commission can obtain additional
supplies of American wheat. .*50,000
Hood refugees in this district will
die of starvation.
HANKOW, China, April 27. (/P) —
Cliine.se authorities said today that
unless the National Flood Relief
Commission can obtain additional
supplies of American wheat. .*50,000
Hood refugees in this district will
die of starvation.
HANKOW, China, April 27. (/P) —
Cliine.se authorities said today that
unless the National Flood Relief
Commission can obtain additional
supplies of American wheat. .*50,000
Hood refugees in this district will
die of starvation.
HANKOW, China, April 27. (/P) —
Cliine.se authorities said today that
unless the National Flood Relief
Commission can obtain additional
supplies of American wheat. .*50,000
Hood refugees in this district will
die of starvation.
HANKOW, China, April 27. (/P) —
Cliine.se authorities said today that
unless the National Flood Relief
Commission can obtain additional
supplies of American wheat. .*50,000
Hood refugees in this district will
die of starvation.
