# UTAH SENATOR ILL
## 
### 
iVASHINGTON, April 27. (IP) —
"ice attaches of Senator King to
y said he had been ordered back
bed hy his physicians and had
icelled his scheduled speech in
w York tonight. Ho has been ill
some time with grippe.
iVASHINGTON, April 27. (IP) —
"ice attaches of Senator King to
y said he had been ordered back
bed hy his physicians and had
icelled his scheduled speech in
w York tonight. Ho has been ill
some time with grippe.
iVASHINGTON, April 27. (IP) —
"ice attaches of Senator King to
y said he had been ordered back
bed hy his physicians and had
icelled his scheduled speech in
w York tonight. Ho has been ill
some time with grippe.
iVASHINGTON, April 27. (IP) —
"ice attaches of Senator King to
y said he had been ordered back
bed hy his physicians and had
icelled his scheduled speech in
w York tonight. Ho has been ill
some time with grippe.
iVASHINGTON, April 27. (IP) —
"ice attaches of Senator King to
y said he had been ordered back
bed hy his physicians and had
icelled his scheduled speech in
w York tonight. Ho has been ill
some time with grippe.
iVASHINGTON, April 27. (IP) —
"ice attaches of Senator King to
y said he had been ordered back
bed hy his physicians and had
icelled his scheduled speech in
w York tonight. Ho has been ill
some time with grippe.
iVASHINGTON, April 27. (IP) —
"ice attaches of Senator King to
y said he had been ordered back
bed hy his physicians and had
icelled his scheduled speech in
w York tonight. Ho has been ill
some time with grippe.
iVASHINGTON, April 27. (IP) —
"ice attaches of Senator King to
y said he had been ordered back
bed hy his physicians and had
icelled his scheduled speech in
w York tonight. Ho has been ill
some time with grippe.
iVASHINGTON, April 27. (IP) —
"ice attaches of Senator King to
y said he had been ordered back
bed hy his physicians and had
icelled his scheduled speech in
w York tonight. Ho has been ill
some time with grippe.
iVASHINGTON, April 27. (IP) —
"ice attaches of Senator King to
y said he had been ordered back
bed hy his physicians and had
icelled his scheduled speech in
w York tonight. Ho has been ill
some time with grippe.
iVASHINGTON, April 27. (IP) —
"ice attaches of Senator King to
y said he had been ordered back
bed hy his physicians and had
icelled his scheduled speech in
w York tonight. Ho has been ill
some time with grippe.
iVASHINGTON, April 27. (IP) —
"ice attaches of Senator King to
y said he had been ordered back
bed hy his physicians and had
icelled his scheduled speech in
w York tonight. Ho has been ill
some time with grippe.
iVASHINGTON, April 27. (IP) —
"ice attaches of Senator King to
y said he had been ordered back
bed hy his physicians and had
icelled his scheduled speech in
w York tonight. Ho has been ill
some time with grippe.
iVASHINGTON, April 27. (IP) —
"ice attaches of Senator King to
y said he had been ordered back
bed hy his physicians and had
icelled his scheduled speech in
w York tonight. Ho has been ill
some time with grippe.
