# FRESHMEN WIN CLASS BASEBALL TITLE AS 1925 NINE DEFAULTS
## 
### 
Through failure to appear the senior
nine defaulted to the freshmen yes
terday, thus enabling them to win the
series. The juniors, seniors, and sopho
mores finished in the league standing
in the order named.
Although they took fourth place in
baseball the sophomores still lead in
the all-round interclass athletic cham
pionship race. Swimming resulted in
a tie between the seniors and sopho
mores for first place, as the 1927 water
polo team won by default from the
juniors yesterday. Totals in all sports
for the four classes are: sophomores
17, seniors 16%, freshmen 11, juniors
10%. Points were accounted for as
follows:
'28 '27 '26 *25
Basketball 2/5 1 3
Football 1 5 2i/ 2 2%
Swimming 2 4 14
Track 12 3 5
Baseball 5 13 2
Soccer and tennis are the only inter
class sports remaining, and these will
be played off early in the spring quar
ter. With only one-half point separat
ing them, the sophomores and seniors
promise to put up a strong fight for
supremacy.
Through failure to appear the senior
nine defaulted to the freshmen yes
terday, thus enabling them to win the
series. The juniors, seniors, and sopho
mores finished in the league standing
in the order named.
Although they took fourth place in
baseball the sophomores still lead in
the all-round interclass athletic cham
pionship race. Swimming resulted in
a tie between the seniors and sopho
mores for first place, as the 1927 water
polo team won by default from the
juniors yesterday. Totals in all sports
for the four classes are: sophomores
17, seniors 16%, freshmen 11, juniors
10%. Points were accounted for as
follows:
'28 '27 '26 *25
Basketball 2/5 1 3
Football 1 5 2i/ 2 2%
Swimming 2 4 14
Track 12 3 5
Baseball 5 13 2
Soccer and tennis are the only inter
class sports remaining, and these will
be played off early in the spring quar
ter. With only one-half point separat
ing them, the sophomores and seniors
promise to put up a strong fight for
supremacy.
Through failure to appear the senior
nine defaulted to the freshmen yes
terday, thus enabling them to win the
series. The juniors, seniors, and sopho
mores finished in the league standing
in the order named.
Although they took fourth place in
baseball the sophomores still lead in
the all-round interclass athletic cham
pionship race. Swimming resulted in
a tie between the seniors and sopho
mores for first place, as the 1927 water
polo team won by default from the
juniors yesterday. Totals in all sports
for the four classes are: sophomores
17, seniors 16%, freshmen 11, juniors
10%. Points were accounted for as
follows:
'28 '27 '26 *25
Basketball 2/5 1 3
Football 1 5 2i/ 2 2%
Swimming 2 4 14
Track 12 3 5
Baseball 5 13 2
Soccer and tennis are the only inter
class sports remaining, and these will
be played off early in the spring quar
ter. With only one-half point separat
ing them, the sophomores and seniors
promise to put up a strong fight for
supremacy.
Through failure to appear the senior
nine defaulted to the freshmen yes
terday, thus enabling them to win the
series. The juniors, seniors, and sopho
mores finished in the league standing
in the order named.
Although they took fourth place in
baseball the sophomores still lead in
the all-round interclass athletic cham
pionship race. Swimming resulted in
a tie between the seniors and sopho
mores for first place, as the 1927 water
polo team won by default from the
juniors yesterday. Totals in all sports
for the four classes are: sophomores
17, seniors 16%, freshmen 11, juniors
10%. Points were accounted for as
follows:
'28 '27 '26 *25
Basketball 2/5 1 3
Football 1 5 2i/ 2 2%
Swimming 2 4 14
Track 12 3 5
Baseball 5 13 2
Soccer and tennis are the only inter
class sports remaining, and these will
be played off early in the spring quar
ter. With only one-half point separat
ing them, the sophomores and seniors
promise to put up a strong fight for
supremacy.
Through failure to appear the senior
nine defaulted to the freshmen yes
terday, thus enabling them to win the
series. The juniors, seniors, and sopho
mores finished in the league standing
in the order named.
Although they took fourth place in
baseball the sophomores still lead in
the all-round interclass athletic cham
pionship race. Swimming resulted in
a tie between the seniors and sopho
mores for first place, as the 1927 water
polo team won by default from the
juniors yesterday. Totals in all sports
for the four classes are: sophomores
17, seniors 16%, freshmen 11, juniors
10%. Points were accounted for as
follows:
'28 '27 '26 *25
Basketball 2/5 1 3
Football 1 5 2i/ 2 2%
Swimming 2 4 14
Track 12 3 5
Baseball 5 13 2
Soccer and tennis are the only inter
class sports remaining, and these will
be played off early in the spring quar
ter. With only one-half point separat
ing them, the sophomores and seniors
promise to put up a strong fight for
supremacy.
Through failure to appear the senior
nine defaulted to the freshmen yes
terday, thus enabling them to win the
series. The juniors, seniors, and sopho
mores finished in the league standing
in the order named.
Although they took fourth place in
baseball the sophomores still lead in
the all-round interclass athletic cham
pionship race. Swimming resulted in
a tie between the seniors and sopho
mores for first place, as the 1927 water
polo team won by default from the
juniors yesterday. Totals in all sports
for the four classes are: sophomores
17, seniors 16%, freshmen 11, juniors
10%. Points were accounted for as
follows:
'28 '27 '26 *25
Basketball 2/5 1 3
Football 1 5 2i/ 2 2%
Swimming 2 4 14
Track 12 3 5
Baseball 5 13 2
Soccer and tennis are the only inter
class sports remaining, and these will
be played off early in the spring quar
ter. With only one-half point separat
ing them, the sophomores and seniors
promise to put up a strong fight for
supremacy.
Through failure to appear the senior
nine defaulted to the freshmen yes
terday, thus enabling them to win the
series. The juniors, seniors, and sopho
mores finished in the league standing
in the order named.
Although they took fourth place in
baseball the sophomores still lead in
the all-round interclass athletic cham
pionship race. Swimming resulted in
a tie between the seniors and sopho
mores for first place, as the 1927 water
polo team won by default from the
juniors yesterday. Totals in all sports
for the four classes are: sophomores
17, seniors 16%, freshmen 11, juniors
10%. Points were accounted for as
follows:
'28 '27 '26 *25
Basketball 2/5 1 3
Football 1 5 2i/ 2 2%
Swimming 2 4 14
Track 12 3 5
Baseball 5 13 2
Soccer and tennis are the only inter
class sports remaining, and these will
be played off early in the spring quar
ter. With only one-half point separat
ing them, the sophomores and seniors
promise to put up a strong fight for
supremacy.
Through failure to appear the senior
nine defaulted to the freshmen yes
terday, thus enabling them to win the
series. The juniors, seniors, and sopho
mores finished in the league standing
in the order named.
Although they took fourth place in
baseball the sophomores still lead in
the all-round interclass athletic cham
pionship race. Swimming resulted in
a tie between the seniors and sopho
mores for first place, as the 1927 water
polo team won by default from the
juniors yesterday. Totals in all sports
for the four classes are: sophomores
17, seniors 16%, freshmen 11, juniors
10%. Points were accounted for as
follows:
'28 '27 '26 *25
Basketball 2/5 1 3
Football 1 5 2i/ 2 2%
Swimming 2 4 14
Track 12 3 5
Baseball 5 13 2
Soccer and tennis are the only inter
class sports remaining, and these will
be played off early in the spring quar
ter. With only one-half point separat
ing them, the sophomores and seniors
promise to put up a strong fight for
supremacy.
Through failure to appear the senior
nine defaulted to the freshmen yes
terday, thus enabling them to win the
series. The juniors, seniors, and sopho
mores finished in the league standing
in the order named.
Although they took fourth place in
baseball the sophomores still lead in
the all-round interclass athletic cham
pionship race. Swimming resulted in
a tie between the seniors and sopho
mores for first place, as the 1927 water
polo team won by default from the
juniors yesterday. Totals in all sports
for the four classes are: sophomores
17, seniors 16%, freshmen 11, juniors
10%. Points were accounted for as
follows:
'28 '27 '26 *25
Basketball 2/5 1 3
Football 1 5 2i/ 2 2%
Swimming 2 4 14
Track 12 3 5
Baseball 5 13 2
Soccer and tennis are the only inter
class sports remaining, and these will
be played off early in the spring quar
ter. With only one-half point separat
ing them, the sophomores and seniors
promise to put up a strong fight for
supremacy.
Through failure to appear the senior
nine defaulted to the freshmen yes
terday, thus enabling them to win the
series. The juniors, seniors, and sopho
mores finished in the league standing
in the order named.
Although they took fourth place in
baseball the sophomores still lead in
the all-round interclass athletic cham
pionship race. Swimming resulted in
a tie between the seniors and sopho
mores for first place, as the 1927 water
polo team won by default from the
juniors yesterday. Totals in all sports
for the four classes are: sophomores
17, seniors 16%, freshmen 11, juniors
10%. Points were accounted for as
follows:
'28 '27 '26 *25
Basketball 2/5 1 3
Football 1 5 2i/ 2 2%
Swimming 2 4 14
Track 12 3 5
Baseball 5 13 2
Soccer and tennis are the only inter
class sports remaining, and these will
be played off early in the spring quar
ter. With only one-half point separat
ing them, the sophomores and seniors
promise to put up a strong fight for
supremacy.
Through failure to appear the senior
nine defaulted to the freshmen yes
terday, thus enabling them to win the
series. The juniors, seniors, and sopho
mores finished in the league standing
in the order named.
Although they took fourth place in
baseball the sophomores still lead in
the all-round interclass athletic cham
pionship race. Swimming resulted in
a tie between the seniors and sopho
mores for first place, as the 1927 water
polo team won by default from the
juniors yesterday. Totals in all sports
for the four classes are: sophomores
17, seniors 16%, freshmen 11, juniors
10%. Points were accounted for as
follows:
'28 '27 '26 *25
Basketball 2/5 1 3
Football 1 5 2i/ 2 2%
Swimming 2 4 14
Track 12 3 5
Baseball 5 13 2
Soccer and tennis are the only inter
class sports remaining, and these will
be played off early in the spring quar
ter. With only one-half point separat
ing them, the sophomores and seniors
promise to put up a strong fight for
supremacy.
Through failure to appear the senior
nine defaulted to the freshmen yes
terday, thus enabling them to win the
series. The juniors, seniors, and sopho
mores finished in the league standing
in the order named.
Although they took fourth place in
baseball the sophomores still lead in
the all-round interclass athletic cham
pionship race. Swimming resulted in
a tie between the seniors and sopho
mores for first place, as the 1927 water
polo team won by default from the
juniors yesterday. Totals in all sports
for the four classes are: sophomores
17, seniors 16%, freshmen 11, juniors
10%. Points were accounted for as
follows:
'28 '27 '26 *25
Basketball 2/5 1 3
Football 1 5 2i/ 2 2%
Swimming 2 4 14
Track 12 3 5
Baseball 5 13 2
Soccer and tennis are the only inter
class sports remaining, and these will
be played off early in the spring quar
ter. With only one-half point separat
ing them, the sophomores and seniors
promise to put up a strong fight for
supremacy.
Through failure to appear the senior
nine defaulted to the freshmen yes
terday, thus enabling them to win the
series. The juniors, seniors, and sopho
mores finished in the league standing
in the order named.
Although they took fourth place in
baseball the sophomores still lead in
the all-round interclass athletic cham
pionship race. Swimming resulted in
a tie between the seniors and sopho
mores for first place, as the 1927 water
polo team won by default from the
juniors yesterday. Totals in all sports
for the four classes are: sophomores
17, seniors 16%, freshmen 11, juniors
10%. Points were accounted for as
follows:
'28 '27 '26 *25
Basketball 2/5 1 3
Football 1 5 2i/ 2 2%
Swimming 2 4 14
Track 12 3 5
Baseball 5 13 2
Soccer and tennis are the only inter
class sports remaining, and these will
be played off early in the spring quar
ter. With only one-half point separat
ing them, the sophomores and seniors
promise to put up a strong fight for
supremacy.
Through failure to appear the senior
nine defaulted to the freshmen yes
terday, thus enabling them to win the
series. The juniors, seniors, and sopho
mores finished in the league standing
in the order named.
Although they took fourth place in
baseball the sophomores still lead in
the all-round interclass athletic cham
pionship race. Swimming resulted in
a tie between the seniors and sopho
mores for first place, as the 1927 water
polo team won by default from the
juniors yesterday. Totals in all sports
for the four classes are: sophomores
17, seniors 16%, freshmen 11, juniors
10%. Points were accounted for as
follows:
'28 '27 '26 *25
Basketball 2/5 1 3
Football 1 5 2i/ 2 2%
Swimming 2 4 14
Track 12 3 5
Baseball 5 13 2
Soccer and tennis are the only inter
class sports remaining, and these will
be played off early in the spring quar
ter. With only one-half point separat
ing them, the sophomores and seniors
promise to put up a strong fight for
supremacy.
Through failure to appear the senior
nine defaulted to the freshmen yes
terday, thus enabling them to win the
series. The juniors, seniors, and sopho
mores finished in the league standing
in the order named.
Although they took fourth place in
baseball the sophomores still lead in
the all-round interclass athletic cham
pionship race. Swimming resulted in
a tie between the seniors and sopho
mores for first place, as the 1927 water
polo team won by default from the
juniors yesterday. Totals in all sports
for the four classes are: sophomores
17, seniors 16%, freshmen 11, juniors
10%. Points were accounted for as
follows:
'28 '27 '26 *25
Basketball 2/5 1 3
Football 1 5 2i/ 2 2%
Swimming 2 4 14
Track 12 3 5
Baseball 5 13 2
Soccer and tennis are the only inter
class sports remaining, and these will
be played off early in the spring quar
ter. With only one-half point separat
ing them, the sophomores and seniors
promise to put up a strong fight for
supremacy.
