# One-Acts
## 
### 

"The Morning After" from the trilogy "A Cold Day in Hell" offers insights
into contemporary drama. Together with the unconventional humor of
sketches from "Thurber Carnival", the production opens a four night run
of Ram's Head Spring One Acts in The Nitery on Wednesday, May 3. Tickets
for all performances go on sale tomorrow at the Tresidder Box Office.

"The Morning After" from the trilogy "A Cold Day in Hell" offers insights
into contemporary drama. Together with the unconventional humor of
sketches from "Thurber Carnival", the production opens a four night run
of Ram's Head Spring One Acts in The Nitery on Wednesday, May 3. Tickets
for all performances go on sale tomorrow at the Tresidder Box Office.

"The Morning After" from the trilogy "A Cold Day in Hell" offers insights
into contemporary drama. Together with the unconventional humor of
sketches from "Thurber Carnival", the production opens a four night run
of Ram's Head Spring One Acts in The Nitery on Wednesday, May 3. Tickets
for all performances go on sale tomorrow at the Tresidder Box Office.

"The Morning After" from the trilogy "A Cold Day in Hell" offers insights
into contemporary drama. Together with the unconventional humor of
sketches from "Thurber Carnival", the production opens a four night run
of Ram's Head Spring One Acts in The Nitery on Wednesday, May 3. Tickets
for all performances go on sale tomorrow at the Tresidder Box Office.

"The Morning After" from the trilogy "A Cold Day in Hell" offers insights
into contemporary drama. Together with the unconventional humor of
sketches from "Thurber Carnival", the production opens a four night run
of Ram's Head Spring One Acts in The Nitery on Wednesday, May 3. Tickets
for all performances go on sale tomorrow at the Tresidder Box Office.

"The Morning After" from the trilogy "A Cold Day in Hell" offers insights
into contemporary drama. Together with the unconventional humor of
sketches from "Thurber Carnival", the production opens a four night run
of Ram's Head Spring One Acts in The Nitery on Wednesday, May 3. Tickets
for all performances go on sale tomorrow at the Tresidder Box Office.

"The Morning After" from the trilogy "A Cold Day in Hell" offers insights
into contemporary drama. Together with the unconventional humor of
sketches from "Thurber Carnival", the production opens a four night run
of Ram's Head Spring One Acts in The Nitery on Wednesday, May 3. Tickets
for all performances go on sale tomorrow at the Tresidder Box Office.

"The Morning After" from the trilogy "A Cold Day in Hell" offers insights
into contemporary drama. Together with the unconventional humor of
sketches from "Thurber Carnival", the production opens a four night run
of Ram's Head Spring One Acts in The Nitery on Wednesday, May 3. Tickets
for all performances go on sale tomorrow at the Tresidder Box Office.

"The Morning After" from the trilogy "A Cold Day in Hell" offers insights
into contemporary drama. Together with the unconventional humor of
sketches from "Thurber Carnival", the production opens a four night run
of Ram's Head Spring One Acts in The Nitery on Wednesday, May 3. Tickets
for all performances go on sale tomorrow at the Tresidder Box Office.

"The Morning After" from the trilogy "A Cold Day in Hell" offers insights
into contemporary drama. Together with the unconventional humor of
sketches from "Thurber Carnival", the production opens a four night run
of Ram's Head Spring One Acts in The Nitery on Wednesday, May 3. Tickets
for all performances go on sale tomorrow at the Tresidder Box Office.

"The Morning After" from the trilogy "A Cold Day in Hell" offers insights
into contemporary drama. Together with the unconventional humor of
sketches from "Thurber Carnival", the production opens a four night run
of Ram's Head Spring One Acts in The Nitery on Wednesday, May 3. Tickets
for all performances go on sale tomorrow at the Tresidder Box Office.

"The Morning After" from the trilogy "A Cold Day in Hell" offers insights
into contemporary drama. Together with the unconventional humor of
sketches from "Thurber Carnival", the production opens a four night run
of Ram's Head Spring One Acts in The Nitery on Wednesday, May 3. Tickets
for all performances go on sale tomorrow at the Tresidder Box Office.

"The Morning After" from the trilogy "A Cold Day in Hell" offers insights
into contemporary drama. Together with the unconventional humor of
sketches from "Thurber Carnival", the production opens a four night run
of Ram's Head Spring One Acts in The Nitery on Wednesday, May 3. Tickets
for all performances go on sale tomorrow at the Tresidder Box Office.

"The Morning After" from the trilogy "A Cold Day in Hell" offers insights
into contemporary drama. Together with the unconventional humor of
sketches from "Thurber Carnival", the production opens a four night run
of Ram's Head Spring One Acts in The Nitery on Wednesday, May 3. Tickets
for all performances go on sale tomorrow at the Tresidder Box Office.

"The Morning After" from the trilogy "A Cold Day in Hell" offers insights
into contemporary drama. Together with the unconventional humor of
sketches from "Thurber Carnival", the production opens a four night run
of Ram's Head Spring One Acts in The Nitery on Wednesday, May 3. Tickets
for all performances go on sale tomorrow at the Tresidder Box Office.
