# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Lagunita Court 'announces the
engagement of Janet McCabo, 'iifi,
to Jack Owens, '53, Sigma Chi.
Lagunita Court 'announces the
engagement of Janet McCabo, 'iifi,
to Jack Owens, '53, Sigma Chi.
Lagunita Court 'announces the
engagement of Janet McCabo, 'iifi,
to Jack Owens, '53, Sigma Chi.
Lagunita Court 'announces the
engagement of Janet McCabo, 'iifi,
to Jack Owens, '53, Sigma Chi.
Lagunita Court 'announces the
engagement of Janet McCabo, 'iifi,
to Jack Owens, '53, Sigma Chi.
Lagunita Court 'announces the
engagement of Janet McCabo, 'iifi,
to Jack Owens, '53, Sigma Chi.
Lagunita Court 'announces the
engagement of Janet McCabo, 'iifi,
to Jack Owens, '53, Sigma Chi.
Lagunita Court 'announces the
engagement of Janet McCabo, 'iifi,
to Jack Owens, '53, Sigma Chi.
Lagunita Court 'announces the
engagement of Janet McCabo, 'iifi,
to Jack Owens, '53, Sigma Chi.
Lagunita Court 'announces the
engagement of Janet McCabo, 'iifi,
to Jack Owens, '53, Sigma Chi.
Lagunita Court 'announces the
engagement of Janet McCabo, 'iifi,
to Jack Owens, '53, Sigma Chi.
Lagunita Court 'announces the
engagement of Janet McCabo, 'iifi,
to Jack Owens, '53, Sigma Chi.
Lagunita Court 'announces the
engagement of Janet McCabo, 'iifi,
to Jack Owens, '53, Sigma Chi.
Lagunita Court 'announces the
engagement of Janet McCabo, 'iifi,
to Jack Owens, '53, Sigma Chi.
Lagunita Court 'announces the
engagement of Janet McCabo, 'iifi,
to Jack Owens, '53, Sigma Chi.
