# Foreign Affairs Talks Scheduled
## 
### 
Four international affairs schol
ar- ol the American Universities
Field Stall, just returned from
world "trouble spots," will he at
Stanford this month and next for
class lectures and public appear
ances.
A. Doak Barnc*tt and Richard
Robinson, back from Hong Kong
and Turkey respectively, will be
hero this month. Lawrence W. Witt,
who has been in Brazil, and Richard
Nolte, in the Arab countries, will
arrive in February.
Four international affairs schol
ar- ol the American Universities
Field Stall, just returned from
world "trouble spots," will he at
Stanford this month and next for
class lectures and public appear
ances.
A. Doak Barnc*tt and Richard
Robinson, back from Hong Kong
and Turkey respectively, will be
hero this month. Lawrence W. Witt,
who has been in Brazil, and Richard
Nolte, in the Arab countries, will
arrive in February.
Four international affairs schol
ar- ol the American Universities
Field Stall, just returned from
world "trouble spots," will he at
Stanford this month and next for
class lectures and public appear
ances.
A. Doak Barnc*tt and Richard
Robinson, back from Hong Kong
and Turkey respectively, will be
hero this month. Lawrence W. Witt,
who has been in Brazil, and Richard
Nolte, in the Arab countries, will
arrive in February.
Four international affairs schol
ar- ol the American Universities
Field Stall, just returned from
world "trouble spots," will he at
Stanford this month and next for
class lectures and public appear
ances.
A. Doak Barnc*tt and Richard
Robinson, back from Hong Kong
and Turkey respectively, will be
hero this month. Lawrence W. Witt,
who has been in Brazil, and Richard
Nolte, in the Arab countries, will
arrive in February.
Four international affairs schol
ar- ol the American Universities
Field Stall, just returned from
world "trouble spots," will he at
Stanford this month and next for
class lectures and public appear
ances.
A. Doak Barnc*tt and Richard
Robinson, back from Hong Kong
and Turkey respectively, will be
hero this month. Lawrence W. Witt,
who has been in Brazil, and Richard
Nolte, in the Arab countries, will
arrive in February.
Four international affairs schol
ar- ol the American Universities
Field Stall, just returned from
world "trouble spots," will he at
Stanford this month and next for
class lectures and public appear
ances.
A. Doak Barnc*tt and Richard
Robinson, back from Hong Kong
and Turkey respectively, will be
hero this month. Lawrence W. Witt,
who has been in Brazil, and Richard
Nolte, in the Arab countries, will
arrive in February.
Four international affairs schol
ar- ol the American Universities
Field Stall, just returned from
world "trouble spots," will he at
Stanford this month and next for
class lectures and public appear
ances.
A. Doak Barnc*tt and Richard
Robinson, back from Hong Kong
and Turkey respectively, will be
hero this month. Lawrence W. Witt,
who has been in Brazil, and Richard
Nolte, in the Arab countries, will
arrive in February.
Four international affairs schol
ar- ol the American Universities
Field Stall, just returned from
world "trouble spots," will he at
Stanford this month and next for
class lectures and public appear
ances.
A. Doak Barnc*tt and Richard
Robinson, back from Hong Kong
and Turkey respectively, will be
hero this month. Lawrence W. Witt,
who has been in Brazil, and Richard
Nolte, in the Arab countries, will
arrive in February.
Four international affairs schol
ar- ol the American Universities
Field Stall, just returned from
world "trouble spots," will he at
Stanford this month and next for
class lectures and public appear
ances.
A. Doak Barnc*tt and Richard
Robinson, back from Hong Kong
and Turkey respectively, will be
hero this month. Lawrence W. Witt,
who has been in Brazil, and Richard
Nolte, in the Arab countries, will
arrive in February.
Four international affairs schol
ar- ol the American Universities
Field Stall, just returned from
world "trouble spots," will he at
Stanford this month and next for
class lectures and public appear
ances.
A. Doak Barnc*tt and Richard
Robinson, back from Hong Kong
and Turkey respectively, will be
hero this month. Lawrence W. Witt,
who has been in Brazil, and Richard
Nolte, in the Arab countries, will
arrive in February.
Four international affairs schol
ar- ol the American Universities
Field Stall, just returned from
world "trouble spots," will he at
Stanford this month and next for
class lectures and public appear
ances.
A. Doak Barnc*tt and Richard
Robinson, back from Hong Kong
and Turkey respectively, will be
hero this month. Lawrence W. Witt,
who has been in Brazil, and Richard
Nolte, in the Arab countries, will
arrive in February.
Four international affairs schol
ar- ol the American Universities
Field Stall, just returned from
world "trouble spots," will he at
Stanford this month and next for
class lectures and public appear
ances.
A. Doak Barnc*tt and Richard
Robinson, back from Hong Kong
and Turkey respectively, will be
hero this month. Lawrence W. Witt,
who has been in Brazil, and Richard
Nolte, in the Arab countries, will
arrive in February.
Four international affairs schol
ar- ol the American Universities
Field Stall, just returned from
world "trouble spots," will he at
Stanford this month and next for
class lectures and public appear
ances.
A. Doak Barnc*tt and Richard
Robinson, back from Hong Kong
and Turkey respectively, will be
hero this month. Lawrence W. Witt,
who has been in Brazil, and Richard
Nolte, in the Arab countries, will
arrive in February.
Four international affairs schol
ar- ol the American Universities
Field Stall, just returned from
world "trouble spots," will he at
Stanford this month and next for
class lectures and public appear
ances.
A. Doak Barnc*tt and Richard
Robinson, back from Hong Kong
and Turkey respectively, will be
hero this month. Lawrence W. Witt,
who has been in Brazil, and Richard
Nolte, in the Arab countries, will
arrive in February.
Four international affairs schol
ar- ol the American Universities
Field Stall, just returned from
world "trouble spots," will he at
Stanford this month and next for
class lectures and public appear
ances.
A. Doak Barnc*tt and Richard
Robinson, back from Hong Kong
and Turkey respectively, will be
hero this month. Lawrence W. Witt,
who has been in Brazil, and Richard
Nolte, in the Arab countries, will
arrive in February.
