# JUDO TOURNEY
## 
### 
Stanford students are eligible to
compete in the Northern California
Judo Tournament this Sunday. The
meet will be held at the Palo Alto
YMCA from noon to 5 p.m. Divi
sions open arc: 130 pounds and
under, 150 pounds and under, 180
pounds and under, heavyweights
over 180 pounds.
Stanford students are eligible to
compete in the Northern California
Judo Tournament this Sunday. The
meet will be held at the Palo Alto
YMCA from noon to 5 p.m. Divi
sions open arc: 130 pounds and
under, 150 pounds and under, 180
pounds and under, heavyweights
over 180 pounds.
Stanford students are eligible to
compete in the Northern California
Judo Tournament this Sunday. The
meet will be held at the Palo Alto
YMCA from noon to 5 p.m. Divi
sions open arc: 130 pounds and
under, 150 pounds and under, 180
pounds and under, heavyweights
over 180 pounds.
Stanford students are eligible to
compete in the Northern California
Judo Tournament this Sunday. The
meet will be held at the Palo Alto
YMCA from noon to 5 p.m. Divi
sions open arc: 130 pounds and
under, 150 pounds and under, 180
pounds and under, heavyweights
over 180 pounds.
Stanford students are eligible to
compete in the Northern California
Judo Tournament this Sunday. The
meet will be held at the Palo Alto
YMCA from noon to 5 p.m. Divi
sions open arc: 130 pounds and
under, 150 pounds and under, 180
pounds and under, heavyweights
over 180 pounds.
Stanford students are eligible to
compete in the Northern California
Judo Tournament this Sunday. The
meet will be held at the Palo Alto
YMCA from noon to 5 p.m. Divi
sions open arc: 130 pounds and
under, 150 pounds and under, 180
pounds and under, heavyweights
over 180 pounds.
Stanford students are eligible to
compete in the Northern California
Judo Tournament this Sunday. The
meet will be held at the Palo Alto
YMCA from noon to 5 p.m. Divi
sions open arc: 130 pounds and
under, 150 pounds and under, 180
pounds and under, heavyweights
over 180 pounds.
Stanford students are eligible to
compete in the Northern California
Judo Tournament this Sunday. The
meet will be held at the Palo Alto
YMCA from noon to 5 p.m. Divi
sions open arc: 130 pounds and
under, 150 pounds and under, 180
pounds and under, heavyweights
over 180 pounds.
Stanford students are eligible to
compete in the Northern California
Judo Tournament this Sunday. The
meet will be held at the Palo Alto
YMCA from noon to 5 p.m. Divi
sions open arc: 130 pounds and
under, 150 pounds and under, 180
pounds and under, heavyweights
over 180 pounds.
Stanford students are eligible to
compete in the Northern California
Judo Tournament this Sunday. The
meet will be held at the Palo Alto
YMCA from noon to 5 p.m. Divi
sions open arc: 130 pounds and
under, 150 pounds and under, 180
pounds and under, heavyweights
over 180 pounds.
Stanford students are eligible to
compete in the Northern California
Judo Tournament this Sunday. The
meet will be held at the Palo Alto
YMCA from noon to 5 p.m. Divi
sions open arc: 130 pounds and
under, 150 pounds and under, 180
pounds and under, heavyweights
over 180 pounds.
Stanford students are eligible to
compete in the Northern California
Judo Tournament this Sunday. The
meet will be held at the Palo Alto
YMCA from noon to 5 p.m. Divi
sions open arc: 130 pounds and
under, 150 pounds and under, 180
pounds and under, heavyweights
over 180 pounds.
Stanford students are eligible to
compete in the Northern California
Judo Tournament this Sunday. The
meet will be held at the Palo Alto
YMCA from noon to 5 p.m. Divi
sions open arc: 130 pounds and
under, 150 pounds and under, 180
pounds and under, heavyweights
over 180 pounds.
Stanford students are eligible to
compete in the Northern California
Judo Tournament this Sunday. The
meet will be held at the Palo Alto
YMCA from noon to 5 p.m. Divi
sions open arc: 130 pounds and
under, 150 pounds and under, 180
pounds and under, heavyweights
over 180 pounds.
Stanford students are eligible to
compete in the Northern California
Judo Tournament this Sunday. The
meet will be held at the Palo Alto
YMCA from noon to 5 p.m. Divi
sions open arc: 130 pounds and
under, 150 pounds and under, 180
pounds and under, heavyweights
over 180 pounds.
