# Dates for Photos Postponed by
## 
### 
Due to rushing, the shooting
time for Quad photos has been
postponed until the week of Jan.
2G-29.
During that week, pictures will
be taken of the Village, Off-Cam
pus Men's Club, Cap and Gown,
and anyone who has not had his
picture taken for the Quad. No
appointments will be necessary
for these photos. Hours will be
9 to 12 and 1 to 4:45.
Due to rushing, the shooting
time for Quad photos has been
postponed until the week of Jan.
2G-29.
During that week, pictures will
be taken of the Village, Off-Cam
pus Men's Club, Cap and Gown,
and anyone who has not had his
picture taken for the Quad. No
appointments will be necessary
for these photos. Hours will be
9 to 12 and 1 to 4:45.
Due to rushing, the shooting
time for Quad photos has been
postponed until the week of Jan.
2G-29.
During that week, pictures will
be taken of the Village, Off-Cam
pus Men's Club, Cap and Gown,
and anyone who has not had his
picture taken for the Quad. No
appointments will be necessary
for these photos. Hours will be
9 to 12 and 1 to 4:45.
Due to rushing, the shooting
time for Quad photos has been
postponed until the week of Jan.
2G-29.
During that week, pictures will
be taken of the Village, Off-Cam
pus Men's Club, Cap and Gown,
and anyone who has not had his
picture taken for the Quad. No
appointments will be necessary
for these photos. Hours will be
9 to 12 and 1 to 4:45.
Due to rushing, the shooting
time for Quad photos has been
postponed until the week of Jan.
2G-29.
During that week, pictures will
be taken of the Village, Off-Cam
pus Men's Club, Cap and Gown,
and anyone who has not had his
picture taken for the Quad. No
appointments will be necessary
for these photos. Hours will be
9 to 12 and 1 to 4:45.
Due to rushing, the shooting
time for Quad photos has been
postponed until the week of Jan.
2G-29.
During that week, pictures will
be taken of the Village, Off-Cam
pus Men's Club, Cap and Gown,
and anyone who has not had his
picture taken for the Quad. No
appointments will be necessary
for these photos. Hours will be
9 to 12 and 1 to 4:45.
Due to rushing, the shooting
time for Quad photos has been
postponed until the week of Jan.
2G-29.
During that week, pictures will
be taken of the Village, Off-Cam
pus Men's Club, Cap and Gown,
and anyone who has not had his
picture taken for the Quad. No
appointments will be necessary
for these photos. Hours will be
9 to 12 and 1 to 4:45.
Due to rushing, the shooting
time for Quad photos has been
postponed until the week of Jan.
2G-29.
During that week, pictures will
be taken of the Village, Off-Cam
pus Men's Club, Cap and Gown,
and anyone who has not had his
picture taken for the Quad. No
appointments will be necessary
for these photos. Hours will be
9 to 12 and 1 to 4:45.
Due to rushing, the shooting
time for Quad photos has been
postponed until the week of Jan.
2G-29.
During that week, pictures will
be taken of the Village, Off-Cam
pus Men's Club, Cap and Gown,
and anyone who has not had his
picture taken for the Quad. No
appointments will be necessary
for these photos. Hours will be
9 to 12 and 1 to 4:45.
Due to rushing, the shooting
time for Quad photos has been
postponed until the week of Jan.
2G-29.
During that week, pictures will
be taken of the Village, Off-Cam
pus Men's Club, Cap and Gown,
and anyone who has not had his
picture taken for the Quad. No
appointments will be necessary
for these photos. Hours will be
9 to 12 and 1 to 4:45.
Due to rushing, the shooting
time for Quad photos has been
postponed until the week of Jan.
2G-29.
During that week, pictures will
be taken of the Village, Off-Cam
pus Men's Club, Cap and Gown,
and anyone who has not had his
picture taken for the Quad. No
appointments will be necessary
for these photos. Hours will be
9 to 12 and 1 to 4:45.
Due to rushing, the shooting
time for Quad photos has been
postponed until the week of Jan.
2G-29.
During that week, pictures will
be taken of the Village, Off-Cam
pus Men's Club, Cap and Gown,
and anyone who has not had his
picture taken for the Quad. No
appointments will be necessary
for these photos. Hours will be
9 to 12 and 1 to 4:45.
Due to rushing, the shooting
time for Quad photos has been
postponed until the week of Jan.
2G-29.
During that week, pictures will
be taken of the Village, Off-Cam
pus Men's Club, Cap and Gown,
and anyone who has not had his
picture taken for the Quad. No
appointments will be necessary
for these photos. Hours will be
9 to 12 and 1 to 4:45.
Due to rushing, the shooting
time for Quad photos has been
postponed until the week of Jan.
2G-29.
During that week, pictures will
be taken of the Village, Off-Cam
pus Men's Club, Cap and Gown,
and anyone who has not had his
picture taken for the Quad. No
appointments will be necessary
for these photos. Hours will be
9 to 12 and 1 to 4:45.
Due to rushing, the shooting
time for Quad photos has been
postponed until the week of Jan.
2G-29.
During that week, pictures will
be taken of the Village, Off-Cam
pus Men's Club, Cap and Gown,
and anyone who has not had his
picture taken for the Quad. No
appointments will be necessary
for these photos. Hours will be
9 to 12 and 1 to 4:45.
