# Ski Club Will Plan Carnival Tonight
## 
### 
Stanford Ski Club will meet to
night ;it 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium to discuss skiing projects for
winter quarter.
Plans will be made for the Winter
Carnival, to be held at Yosemite
the weekend of Feb. 7 and 8.
Stanford Ski Club will meet to
night ;it 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium to discuss skiing projects for
winter quarter.
Plans will be made for the Winter
Carnival, to be held at Yosemite
the weekend of Feb. 7 and 8.
Stanford Ski Club will meet to
night ;it 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium to discuss skiing projects for
winter quarter.
Plans will be made for the Winter
Carnival, to be held at Yosemite
the weekend of Feb. 7 and 8.
Stanford Ski Club will meet to
night ;it 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium to discuss skiing projects for
winter quarter.
Plans will be made for the Winter
Carnival, to be held at Yosemite
the weekend of Feb. 7 and 8.
Stanford Ski Club will meet to
night ;it 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium to discuss skiing projects for
winter quarter.
Plans will be made for the Winter
Carnival, to be held at Yosemite
the weekend of Feb. 7 and 8.
Stanford Ski Club will meet to
night ;it 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium to discuss skiing projects for
winter quarter.
Plans will be made for the Winter
Carnival, to be held at Yosemite
the weekend of Feb. 7 and 8.
Stanford Ski Club will meet to
night ;it 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium to discuss skiing projects for
winter quarter.
Plans will be made for the Winter
Carnival, to be held at Yosemite
the weekend of Feb. 7 and 8.
Stanford Ski Club will meet to
night ;it 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium to discuss skiing projects for
winter quarter.
Plans will be made for the Winter
Carnival, to be held at Yosemite
the weekend of Feb. 7 and 8.
Stanford Ski Club will meet to
night ;it 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium to discuss skiing projects for
winter quarter.
Plans will be made for the Winter
Carnival, to be held at Yosemite
the weekend of Feb. 7 and 8.
Stanford Ski Club will meet to
night ;it 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium to discuss skiing projects for
winter quarter.
Plans will be made for the Winter
Carnival, to be held at Yosemite
the weekend of Feb. 7 and 8.
Stanford Ski Club will meet to
night ;it 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium to discuss skiing projects for
winter quarter.
Plans will be made for the Winter
Carnival, to be held at Yosemite
the weekend of Feb. 7 and 8.
Stanford Ski Club will meet to
night ;it 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium to discuss skiing projects for
winter quarter.
Plans will be made for the Winter
Carnival, to be held at Yosemite
the weekend of Feb. 7 and 8.
Stanford Ski Club will meet to
night ;it 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium to discuss skiing projects for
winter quarter.
Plans will be made for the Winter
Carnival, to be held at Yosemite
the weekend of Feb. 7 and 8.
Stanford Ski Club will meet to
night ;it 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium to discuss skiing projects for
winter quarter.
Plans will be made for the Winter
Carnival, to be held at Yosemite
the weekend of Feb. 7 and 8.
Stanford Ski Club will meet to
night ;it 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium to discuss skiing projects for
winter quarter.
Plans will be made for the Winter
Carnival, to be held at Yosemite
the weekend of Feb. 7 and 8.
