# Job Interviews
## 
### 
Interview schedules may be
signed today at the Placement
Service for the following job in
terviews to be held on Monday:
Litton Industries: E.E., M.E.,
C.E., physics and chemistry open
ings in San Carlos.
Owens-Illinois Glass Company:
Los Angeles or Oakland positions
for 1.E., M.E., business adminis
tration, economics.
Uarco, Incorporated: Openings
for business administration, lib
eral arts and economics in the
Bay Area.

i U.S. Bureau of Reclamation:
C.E., E.E. openings in Sacra
mento.
Yuba Research and Develop
ment Center: Positions in Stan
ford Industrial Park for E.E.,
M.E., mathematics and physics.
The following part - time jobs
may be applied for at the Student
Employment Office today:
Draftsman: male or female.
Service station attendant: male.
Cashier: female.
i Hospital orderly: male.
Interview schedules may be
signed today at the Placement
Service for the following job in
terviews to be held on Monday:
Litton Industries: E.E., M.E.,
C.E., physics and chemistry open
ings in San Carlos.
Owens-Illinois Glass Company:
Los Angeles or Oakland positions
for 1.E., M.E., business adminis
tration, economics.
Uarco, Incorporated: Openings
for business administration, lib
eral arts and economics in the
Bay Area.

i U.S. Bureau of Reclamation:
C.E., E.E. openings in Sacra
mento.
Yuba Research and Develop
ment Center: Positions in Stan
ford Industrial Park for E.E.,
M.E., mathematics and physics.
The following part - time jobs
may be applied for at the Student
Employment Office today:
Draftsman: male or female.
Service station attendant: male.
Cashier: female.
i Hospital orderly: male.
Interview schedules may be
signed today at the Placement
Service for the following job in
terviews to be held on Monday:
Litton Industries: E.E., M.E.,
C.E., physics and chemistry open
ings in San Carlos.
Owens-Illinois Glass Company:
Los Angeles or Oakland positions
for 1.E., M.E., business adminis
tration, economics.
Uarco, Incorporated: Openings
for business administration, lib
eral arts and economics in the
Bay Area.

i U.S. Bureau of Reclamation:
C.E., E.E. openings in Sacra
mento.
Yuba Research and Develop
ment Center: Positions in Stan
ford Industrial Park for E.E.,
M.E., mathematics and physics.
The following part - time jobs
may be applied for at the Student
Employment Office today:
Draftsman: male or female.
Service station attendant: male.
Cashier: female.
i Hospital orderly: male.
Interview schedules may be
signed today at the Placement
Service for the following job in
terviews to be held on Monday:
Litton Industries: E.E., M.E.,
C.E., physics and chemistry open
ings in San Carlos.
Owens-Illinois Glass Company:
Los Angeles or Oakland positions
for 1.E., M.E., business adminis
tration, economics.
Uarco, Incorporated: Openings
for business administration, lib
eral arts and economics in the
Bay Area.

i U.S. Bureau of Reclamation:
C.E., E.E. openings in Sacra
mento.
Yuba Research and Develop
ment Center: Positions in Stan
ford Industrial Park for E.E.,
M.E., mathematics and physics.
The following part - time jobs
may be applied for at the Student
Employment Office today:
Draftsman: male or female.
Service station attendant: male.
Cashier: female.
i Hospital orderly: male.
Interview schedules may be
signed today at the Placement
Service for the following job in
terviews to be held on Monday:
Litton Industries: E.E., M.E.,
C.E., physics and chemistry open
ings in San Carlos.
Owens-Illinois Glass Company:
Los Angeles or Oakland positions
for 1.E., M.E., business adminis
tration, economics.
Uarco, Incorporated: Openings
for business administration, lib
eral arts and economics in the
Bay Area.

i U.S. Bureau of Reclamation:
C.E., E.E. openings in Sacra
mento.
Yuba Research and Develop
ment Center: Positions in Stan
ford Industrial Park for E.E.,
M.E., mathematics and physics.
The following part - time jobs
may be applied for at the Student
Employment Office today:
Draftsman: male or female.
Service station attendant: male.
Cashier: female.
i Hospital orderly: male.
Interview schedules may be
signed today at the Placement
Service for the following job in
terviews to be held on Monday:
Litton Industries: E.E., M.E.,
C.E., physics and chemistry open
ings in San Carlos.
Owens-Illinois Glass Company:
Los Angeles or Oakland positions
for 1.E., M.E., business adminis
tration, economics.
Uarco, Incorporated: Openings
for business administration, lib
eral arts and economics in the
Bay Area.

i U.S. Bureau of Reclamation:
C.E., E.E. openings in Sacra
mento.
Yuba Research and Develop
ment Center: Positions in Stan
ford Industrial Park for E.E.,
M.E., mathematics and physics.
The following part - time jobs
may be applied for at the Student
Employment Office today:
Draftsman: male or female.
Service station attendant: male.
Cashier: female.
i Hospital orderly: male.
Interview schedules may be
signed today at the Placement
Service for the following job in
terviews to be held on Monday:
Litton Industries: E.E., M.E.,
C.E., physics and chemistry open
ings in San Carlos.
Owens-Illinois Glass Company:
Los Angeles or Oakland positions
for 1.E., M.E., business adminis
tration, economics.
Uarco, Incorporated: Openings
for business administration, lib
eral arts and economics in the
Bay Area.

i U.S. Bureau of Reclamation:
C.E., E.E. openings in Sacra
mento.
Yuba Research and Develop
ment Center: Positions in Stan
ford Industrial Park for E.E.,
M.E., mathematics and physics.
The following part - time jobs
may be applied for at the Student
Employment Office today:
Draftsman: male or female.
Service station attendant: male.
Cashier: female.
i Hospital orderly: male.
Interview schedules may be
signed today at the Placement
Service for the following job in
terviews to be held on Monday:
Litton Industries: E.E., M.E.,
C.E., physics and chemistry open
ings in San Carlos.
Owens-Illinois Glass Company:
Los Angeles or Oakland positions
for 1.E., M.E., business adminis
tration, economics.
Uarco, Incorporated: Openings
for business administration, lib
eral arts and economics in the
Bay Area.

i U.S. Bureau of Reclamation:
C.E., E.E. openings in Sacra
mento.
Yuba Research and Develop
ment Center: Positions in Stan
ford Industrial Park for E.E.,
M.E., mathematics and physics.
The following part - time jobs
may be applied for at the Student
Employment Office today:
Draftsman: male or female.
Service station attendant: male.
Cashier: female.
i Hospital orderly: male.
Interview schedules may be
signed today at the Placement
Service for the following job in
terviews to be held on Monday:
Litton Industries: E.E., M.E.,
C.E., physics and chemistry open
ings in San Carlos.
Owens-Illinois Glass Company:
Los Angeles or Oakland positions
for 1.E., M.E., business adminis
tration, economics.
Uarco, Incorporated: Openings
for business administration, lib
eral arts and economics in the
Bay Area.

i U.S. Bureau of Reclamation:
C.E., E.E. openings in Sacra
mento.
Yuba Research and Develop
ment Center: Positions in Stan
ford Industrial Park for E.E.,
M.E., mathematics and physics.
The following part - time jobs
may be applied for at the Student
Employment Office today:
Draftsman: male or female.
Service station attendant: male.
Cashier: female.
i Hospital orderly: male.
Interview schedules may be
signed today at the Placement
Service for the following job in
terviews to be held on Monday:
Litton Industries: E.E., M.E.,
C.E., physics and chemistry open
ings in San Carlos.
Owens-Illinois Glass Company:
Los Angeles or Oakland positions
for 1.E., M.E., business adminis
tration, economics.
Uarco, Incorporated: Openings
for business administration, lib
eral arts and economics in the
Bay Area.

i U.S. Bureau of Reclamation:
C.E., E.E. openings in Sacra
mento.
Yuba Research and Develop
ment Center: Positions in Stan
ford Industrial Park for E.E.,
M.E., mathematics and physics.
The following part - time jobs
may be applied for at the Student
Employment Office today:
Draftsman: male or female.
Service station attendant: male.
Cashier: female.
i Hospital orderly: male.
Interview schedules may be
signed today at the Placement
Service for the following job in
terviews to be held on Monday:
Litton Industries: E.E., M.E.,
C.E., physics and chemistry open
ings in San Carlos.
Owens-Illinois Glass Company:
Los Angeles or Oakland positions
for 1.E., M.E., business adminis
tration, economics.
Uarco, Incorporated: Openings
for business administration, lib
eral arts and economics in the
Bay Area.

i U.S. Bureau of Reclamation:
C.E., E.E. openings in Sacra
mento.
Yuba Research and Develop
ment Center: Positions in Stan
ford Industrial Park for E.E.,
M.E., mathematics and physics.
The following part - time jobs
may be applied for at the Student
Employment Office today:
Draftsman: male or female.
Service station attendant: male.
Cashier: female.
i Hospital orderly: male.
Interview schedules may be
signed today at the Placement
Service for the following job in
terviews to be held on Monday:
Litton Industries: E.E., M.E.,
C.E., physics and chemistry open
ings in San Carlos.
Owens-Illinois Glass Company:
Los Angeles or Oakland positions
for 1.E., M.E., business adminis
tration, economics.
Uarco, Incorporated: Openings
for business administration, lib
eral arts and economics in the
Bay Area.

i U.S. Bureau of Reclamation:
C.E., E.E. openings in Sacra
mento.
Yuba Research and Develop
ment Center: Positions in Stan
ford Industrial Park for E.E.,
M.E., mathematics and physics.
The following part - time jobs
may be applied for at the Student
Employment Office today:
Draftsman: male or female.
Service station attendant: male.
Cashier: female.
i Hospital orderly: male.
Interview schedules may be
signed today at the Placement
Service for the following job in
terviews to be held on Monday:
Litton Industries: E.E., M.E.,
C.E., physics and chemistry open
ings in San Carlos.
Owens-Illinois Glass Company:
Los Angeles or Oakland positions
for 1.E., M.E., business adminis
tration, economics.
Uarco, Incorporated: Openings
for business administration, lib
eral arts and economics in the
Bay Area.

i U.S. Bureau of Reclamation:
C.E., E.E. openings in Sacra
mento.
Yuba Research and Develop
ment Center: Positions in Stan
ford Industrial Park for E.E.,
M.E., mathematics and physics.
The following part - time jobs
may be applied for at the Student
Employment Office today:
Draftsman: male or female.
Service station attendant: male.
Cashier: female.
i Hospital orderly: male.
Interview schedules may be
signed today at the Placement
Service for the following job in
terviews to be held on Monday:
Litton Industries: E.E., M.E.,
C.E., physics and chemistry open
ings in San Carlos.
Owens-Illinois Glass Company:
Los Angeles or Oakland positions
for 1.E., M.E., business adminis
tration, economics.
Uarco, Incorporated: Openings
for business administration, lib
eral arts and economics in the
Bay Area.

i U.S. Bureau of Reclamation:
C.E., E.E. openings in Sacra
mento.
Yuba Research and Develop
ment Center: Positions in Stan
ford Industrial Park for E.E.,
M.E., mathematics and physics.
The following part - time jobs
may be applied for at the Student
Employment Office today:
Draftsman: male or female.
Service station attendant: male.
Cashier: female.
i Hospital orderly: male.
Interview schedules may be
signed today at the Placement
Service for the following job in
terviews to be held on Monday:
Litton Industries: E.E., M.E.,
C.E., physics and chemistry open
ings in San Carlos.
Owens-Illinois Glass Company:
Los Angeles or Oakland positions
for 1.E., M.E., business adminis
tration, economics.
Uarco, Incorporated: Openings
for business administration, lib
eral arts and economics in the
Bay Area.

i U.S. Bureau of Reclamation:
C.E., E.E. openings in Sacra
mento.
Yuba Research and Develop
ment Center: Positions in Stan
ford Industrial Park for E.E.,
M.E., mathematics and physics.
The following part - time jobs
may be applied for at the Student
Employment Office today:
Draftsman: male or female.
Service station attendant: male.
Cashier: female.
i Hospital orderly: male.
Interview schedules may be
signed today at the Placement
Service for the following job in
terviews to be held on Monday:
Litton Industries: E.E., M.E.,
C.E., physics and chemistry open
ings in San Carlos.
Owens-Illinois Glass Company:
Los Angeles or Oakland positions
for 1.E., M.E., business adminis
tration, economics.
Uarco, Incorporated: Openings
for business administration, lib
eral arts and economics in the
Bay Area.

i U.S. Bureau of Reclamation:
C.E., E.E. openings in Sacra
mento.
Yuba Research and Develop
ment Center: Positions in Stan
ford Industrial Park for E.E.,
M.E., mathematics and physics.
The following part - time jobs
may be applied for at the Student
Employment Office today:
Draftsman: male or female.
Service station attendant: male.
Cashier: female.
i Hospital orderly: male.
Interview schedules may be
signed today at the Placement
Service for the following job in
terviews to be held on Monday:
Litton Industries: E.E., M.E.,
C.E., physics and chemistry open
ings in San Carlos.
Owens-Illinois Glass Company:
Los Angeles or Oakland positions
for 1.E., M.E., business adminis
tration, economics.
Uarco, Incorporated: Openings
for business administration, lib
eral arts and economics in the
Bay Area.

i U.S. Bureau of Reclamation:
C.E., E.E. openings in Sacra
mento.
Yuba Research and Develop
ment Center: Positions in Stan
ford Industrial Park for E.E.,
M.E., mathematics and physics.
The following part - time jobs
may be applied for at the Student
Employment Office today:
Draftsman: male or female.
Service station attendant: male.
Cashier: female.
i Hospital orderly: male.
