# Untitled Article
## 
### 

•Uauy pnoto by Herb Hurwick
Local you!hs shinned up a con
venient pole to watch the Stan
ford Fire Department douse tin:
remnants of a blaze at the Sig
ma Nti fraternity house Thurs
day afternoon. The fire was
caused by defective wiring.
Damage was estimated at $200.

•Uauy pnoto by Herb Hurwick
Local you!hs shinned up a con
venient pole to watch the Stan
ford Fire Department douse tin:
remnants of a blaze at the Sig
ma Nti fraternity house Thurs
day afternoon. The fire was
caused by defective wiring.
Damage was estimated at $200.

•Uauy pnoto by Herb Hurwick
Local you!hs shinned up a con
venient pole to watch the Stan
ford Fire Department douse tin:
remnants of a blaze at the Sig
ma Nti fraternity house Thurs
day afternoon. The fire was
caused by defective wiring.
Damage was estimated at $200.

•Uauy pnoto by Herb Hurwick
Local you!hs shinned up a con
venient pole to watch the Stan
ford Fire Department douse tin:
remnants of a blaze at the Sig
ma Nti fraternity house Thurs
day afternoon. The fire was
caused by defective wiring.
Damage was estimated at $200.

•Uauy pnoto by Herb Hurwick
Local you!hs shinned up a con
venient pole to watch the Stan
ford Fire Department douse tin:
remnants of a blaze at the Sig
ma Nti fraternity house Thurs
day afternoon. The fire was
caused by defective wiring.
Damage was estimated at $200.

•Uauy pnoto by Herb Hurwick
Local you!hs shinned up a con
venient pole to watch the Stan
ford Fire Department douse tin:
remnants of a blaze at the Sig
ma Nti fraternity house Thurs
day afternoon. The fire was
caused by defective wiring.
Damage was estimated at $200.

•Uauy pnoto by Herb Hurwick
Local you!hs shinned up a con
venient pole to watch the Stan
ford Fire Department douse tin:
remnants of a blaze at the Sig
ma Nti fraternity house Thurs
day afternoon. The fire was
caused by defective wiring.
Damage was estimated at $200.

•Uauy pnoto by Herb Hurwick
Local you!hs shinned up a con
venient pole to watch the Stan
ford Fire Department douse tin:
remnants of a blaze at the Sig
ma Nti fraternity house Thurs
day afternoon. The fire was
caused by defective wiring.
Damage was estimated at $200.

•Uauy pnoto by Herb Hurwick
Local you!hs shinned up a con
venient pole to watch the Stan
ford Fire Department douse tin:
remnants of a blaze at the Sig
ma Nti fraternity house Thurs
day afternoon. The fire was
caused by defective wiring.
Damage was estimated at $200.

•Uauy pnoto by Herb Hurwick
Local you!hs shinned up a con
venient pole to watch the Stan
ford Fire Department douse tin:
remnants of a blaze at the Sig
ma Nti fraternity house Thurs
day afternoon. The fire was
caused by defective wiring.
Damage was estimated at $200.

•Uauy pnoto by Herb Hurwick
Local you!hs shinned up a con
venient pole to watch the Stan
ford Fire Department douse tin:
remnants of a blaze at the Sig
ma Nti fraternity house Thurs
day afternoon. The fire was
caused by defective wiring.
Damage was estimated at $200.

•Uauy pnoto by Herb Hurwick
Local you!hs shinned up a con
venient pole to watch the Stan
ford Fire Department douse tin:
remnants of a blaze at the Sig
ma Nti fraternity house Thurs
day afternoon. The fire was
caused by defective wiring.
Damage was estimated at $200.

•Uauy pnoto by Herb Hurwick
Local you!hs shinned up a con
venient pole to watch the Stan
ford Fire Department douse tin:
remnants of a blaze at the Sig
ma Nti fraternity house Thurs
day afternoon. The fire was
caused by defective wiring.
Damage was estimated at $200.

•Uauy pnoto by Herb Hurwick
Local you!hs shinned up a con
venient pole to watch the Stan
ford Fire Department douse tin:
remnants of a blaze at the Sig
ma Nti fraternity house Thurs
day afternoon. The fire was
caused by defective wiring.
Damage was estimated at $200.

•Uauy pnoto by Herb Hurwick
Local you!hs shinned up a con
venient pole to watch the Stan
ford Fire Department douse tin:
remnants of a blaze at the Sig
ma Nti fraternity house Thurs
day afternoon. The fire was
caused by defective wiring.
Damage was estimated at $200.

•Uauy pnoto by Herb Hurwick
Local you!hs shinned up a con
venient pole to watch the Stan
ford Fire Department douse tin:
remnants of a blaze at the Sig
ma Nti fraternity house Thurs
day afternoon. The fire was
caused by defective wiring.
Damage was estimated at $200.

•Uauy pnoto by Herb Hurwick
Local you!hs shinned up a con
venient pole to watch the Stan
ford Fire Department douse tin:
remnants of a blaze at the Sig
ma Nti fraternity house Thurs
day afternoon. The fire was
caused by defective wiring.
Damage was estimated at $200.
