# New Tradition Of 'Red-White'
## 
### 
New activities and old tradi
tions will take over the campus
next week as Stanford "prepares
for the Bear."
Something new will occur on
Tuesday in the form of "Red and
White Day." All students, fac
ulty and University staff mem
bers have been requested by Big
Game Committee to "dress ac
cordingly."
Also on Tuesday, one of the
oldest traditions, the Gaieties, will
open at Memorial Auditorium.
Numerous skits featuring Stan
ford-Cal Big Game rivalry will en
tertain audiences through Friday
of Big Game Week.
"Oh, Say, CAN U.C.!" has been
selected as this year's Big Game
theme. Hundreds of car stickers
are being printed bearing the
slogan.
