# FORTY-NINERS OPEN MONDAY
## 
### 
San Francisco's Forty-Niners be
gin practice Monday at the Menlo
Junior College field. The Forty-
Niners finished among the leaders
last year in the All-America con
ference.
Rumors are flying that Frankie
Albert, Farm hero of 1940, will be
traded to the Los Angeles Dons in
exchange for-another T formation
quarterback. Albert has frequently
mentioned desires to play in the
southland because he is in business
in that area.
San Francisco's Forty-Niners be
gin practice Monday at the Menlo
Junior College field. The Forty-
Niners finished among the leaders
last year in the All-America con
ference.
Rumors are flying that Frankie
Albert, Farm hero of 1940, will be
traded to the Los Angeles Dons in
exchange for-another T formation
quarterback. Albert has frequently
mentioned desires to play in the
southland because he is in business
in that area.
San Francisco's Forty-Niners be
gin practice Monday at the Menlo
Junior College field. The Forty-
Niners finished among the leaders
last year in the All-America con
ference.
Rumors are flying that Frankie
Albert, Farm hero of 1940, will be
traded to the Los Angeles Dons in
exchange for-another T formation
quarterback. Albert has frequently
mentioned desires to play in the
southland because he is in business
in that area.
San Francisco's Forty-Niners be
gin practice Monday at the Menlo
Junior College field. The Forty-
Niners finished among the leaders
last year in the All-America con
ference.
Rumors are flying that Frankie
Albert, Farm hero of 1940, will be
traded to the Los Angeles Dons in
exchange for-another T formation
quarterback. Albert has frequently
mentioned desires to play in the
southland because he is in business
in that area.
San Francisco's Forty-Niners be
gin practice Monday at the Menlo
Junior College field. The Forty-
Niners finished among the leaders
last year in the All-America con
ference.
Rumors are flying that Frankie
Albert, Farm hero of 1940, will be
traded to the Los Angeles Dons in
exchange for-another T formation
quarterback. Albert has frequently
mentioned desires to play in the
southland because he is in business
in that area.
San Francisco's Forty-Niners be
gin practice Monday at the Menlo
Junior College field. The Forty-
Niners finished among the leaders
last year in the All-America con
ference.
Rumors are flying that Frankie
Albert, Farm hero of 1940, will be
traded to the Los Angeles Dons in
exchange for-another T formation
quarterback. Albert has frequently
mentioned desires to play in the
southland because he is in business
in that area.
San Francisco's Forty-Niners be
gin practice Monday at the Menlo
Junior College field. The Forty-
Niners finished among the leaders
last year in the All-America con
ference.
Rumors are flying that Frankie
Albert, Farm hero of 1940, will be
traded to the Los Angeles Dons in
exchange for-another T formation
quarterback. Albert has frequently
mentioned desires to play in the
southland because he is in business
in that area.
San Francisco's Forty-Niners be
gin practice Monday at the Menlo
Junior College field. The Forty-
Niners finished among the leaders
last year in the All-America con
ference.
Rumors are flying that Frankie
Albert, Farm hero of 1940, will be
traded to the Los Angeles Dons in
exchange for-another T formation
quarterback. Albert has frequently
mentioned desires to play in the
southland because he is in business
in that area.
San Francisco's Forty-Niners be
gin practice Monday at the Menlo
Junior College field. The Forty-
Niners finished among the leaders
last year in the All-America con
ference.
Rumors are flying that Frankie
Albert, Farm hero of 1940, will be
traded to the Los Angeles Dons in
exchange for-another T formation
quarterback. Albert has frequently
mentioned desires to play in the
southland because he is in business
in that area.
San Francisco's Forty-Niners be
gin practice Monday at the Menlo
Junior College field. The Forty-
Niners finished among the leaders
last year in the All-America con
ference.
Rumors are flying that Frankie
Albert, Farm hero of 1940, will be
traded to the Los Angeles Dons in
exchange for-another T formation
quarterback. Albert has frequently
mentioned desires to play in the
southland because he is in business
in that area.
San Francisco's Forty-Niners be
gin practice Monday at the Menlo
Junior College field. The Forty-
Niners finished among the leaders
last year in the All-America con
ference.
Rumors are flying that Frankie
Albert, Farm hero of 1940, will be
traded to the Los Angeles Dons in
exchange for-another T formation
quarterback. Albert has frequently
mentioned desires to play in the
southland because he is in business
in that area.
San Francisco's Forty-Niners be
gin practice Monday at the Menlo
Junior College field. The Forty-
Niners finished among the leaders
last year in the All-America con
ference.
Rumors are flying that Frankie
Albert, Farm hero of 1940, will be
traded to the Los Angeles Dons in
exchange for-another T formation
quarterback. Albert has frequently
mentioned desires to play in the
southland because he is in business
in that area.
San Francisco's Forty-Niners be
gin practice Monday at the Menlo
Junior College field. The Forty-
Niners finished among the leaders
last year in the All-America con
ference.
Rumors are flying that Frankie
Albert, Farm hero of 1940, will be
traded to the Los Angeles Dons in
exchange for-another T formation
quarterback. Albert has frequently
mentioned desires to play in the
southland because he is in business
in that area.
San Francisco's Forty-Niners be
gin practice Monday at the Menlo
Junior College field. The Forty-
Niners finished among the leaders
last year in the All-America con
ference.
Rumors are flying that Frankie
Albert, Farm hero of 1940, will be
traded to the Los Angeles Dons in
exchange for-another T formation
quarterback. Albert has frequently
mentioned desires to play in the
southland because he is in business
in that area.
San Francisco's Forty-Niners be
gin practice Monday at the Menlo
Junior College field. The Forty-
Niners finished among the leaders
last year in the All-America con
ference.
Rumors are flying that Frankie
Albert, Farm hero of 1940, will be
traded to the Los Angeles Dons in
exchange for-another T formation
quarterback. Albert has frequently
mentioned desires to play in the
southland because he is in business
in that area.
