# Untitled Article
## 
### 
During the Middle Ages only
sovereigns and princes were per
mitted to wear red.
During the Middle Ages only
sovereigns and princes were per
mitted to wear red.
During the Middle Ages only
sovereigns and princes were per
mitted to wear red.
During the Middle Ages only
sovereigns and princes were per
mitted to wear red.
During the Middle Ages only
sovereigns and princes were per
mitted to wear red.
During the Middle Ages only
sovereigns and princes were per
mitted to wear red.
During the Middle Ages only
sovereigns and princes were per
mitted to wear red.
During the Middle Ages only
sovereigns and princes were per
mitted to wear red.
During the Middle Ages only
sovereigns and princes were per
mitted to wear red.
During the Middle Ages only
sovereigns and princes were per
mitted to wear red.
During the Middle Ages only
sovereigns and princes were per
mitted to wear red.
During the Middle Ages only
sovereigns and princes were per
mitted to wear red.
During the Middle Ages only
sovereigns and princes were per
mitted to wear red.
During the Middle Ages only
sovereigns and princes were per
mitted to wear red.
During the Middle Ages only
sovereigns and princes were per
mitted to wear red.
