# Mural Tourneys Begin July 15
## 
### 
The intramural tourneys in soft
ball and volleyball for the summer
session get under way July 15
through Aug. 14, Chuck Taylor,
mural director, announced Monday
at a meeting of team representa
tives.
Complete entries include: Sigma
Nu, Firehouse, Toyon, SAE, Sigma
Chi, Theta Chi. Zetes, Phi Psi.
Greeks, and four Encina aggrega
tions. All softball games begin at
4 p.m., and volleyball contests at
4:30.
Softball rules limit each team to
nine men, with unlimited substi
tutions. The pitcher must have a
single wind?up. games are restrict
ed to seven innings or a duration
of one hour, and the official rules
of softball will be followed.
In the net tourney, official rules
will be observed, with each six
man team being permitted unlim
ited substitutions.
If a team does not appear within
10 minutes after the scheduled
time, the game will be forfeited.
The softbal! diamonds arc located
below the Sunken Diamond, and
the volleyball courts are located
behind the Men's Physical Educa
tion Building.
The softball openers on July 15
find Sigma Nu pitted against Phi
PsPi, and Encina Basement oppos
ing Encina 2 and 3 East. The fol
lowing day, the volleyball curtain
raisers match Sigma Nu against the
Firehouse, Encina 2-3E battling the
Basement, and SAE tangling with
the Greeks.
The tennis and golf tourneys
have been canceled because of the
poor response in entries.
The intramural tourneys in soft
ball and volleyball for the summer
session get under way July 15
through Aug. 14, Chuck Taylor,
mural director, announced Monday
at a meeting of team representa
tives.
Complete entries include: Sigma
Nu, Firehouse, Toyon, SAE, Sigma
Chi, Theta Chi. Zetes, Phi Psi.
Greeks, and four Encina aggrega
tions. All softball games begin at
4 p.m., and volleyball contests at
4:30.
Softball rules limit each team to
nine men, with unlimited substi
tutions. The pitcher must have a
single wind?up. games are restrict
ed to seven innings or a duration
of one hour, and the official rules
of softball will be followed.
In the net tourney, official rules
will be observed, with each six
man team being permitted unlim
ited substitutions.
If a team does not appear within
10 minutes after the scheduled
time, the game will be forfeited.
The softbal! diamonds arc located
below the Sunken Diamond, and
the volleyball courts are located
behind the Men's Physical Educa
tion Building.
The softball openers on July 15
find Sigma Nu pitted against Phi
PsPi, and Encina Basement oppos
ing Encina 2 and 3 East. The fol
lowing day, the volleyball curtain
raisers match Sigma Nu against the
Firehouse, Encina 2-3E battling the
Basement, and SAE tangling with
the Greeks.
The tennis and golf tourneys
have been canceled because of the
poor response in entries.
The intramural tourneys in soft
ball and volleyball for the summer
session get under way July 15
through Aug. 14, Chuck Taylor,
mural director, announced Monday
at a meeting of team representa
tives.
Complete entries include: Sigma
Nu, Firehouse, Toyon, SAE, Sigma
Chi, Theta Chi. Zetes, Phi Psi.
Greeks, and four Encina aggrega
tions. All softball games begin at
4 p.m., and volleyball contests at
4:30.
Softball rules limit each team to
nine men, with unlimited substi
tutions. The pitcher must have a
single wind?up. games are restrict
ed to seven innings or a duration
of one hour, and the official rules
of softball will be followed.
In the net tourney, official rules
will be observed, with each six
man team being permitted unlim
ited substitutions.
If a team does not appear within
10 minutes after the scheduled
time, the game will be forfeited.
The softbal! diamonds arc located
below the Sunken Diamond, and
the volleyball courts are located
behind the Men's Physical Educa
tion Building.
The softball openers on July 15
find Sigma Nu pitted against Phi
PsPi, and Encina Basement oppos
ing Encina 2 and 3 East. The fol
lowing day, the volleyball curtain
raisers match Sigma Nu against the
Firehouse, Encina 2-3E battling the
Basement, and SAE tangling with
the Greeks.
The tennis and golf tourneys
have been canceled because of the
poor response in entries.
The intramural tourneys in soft
ball and volleyball for the summer
session get under way July 15
through Aug. 14, Chuck Taylor,
mural director, announced Monday
at a meeting of team representa
tives.
Complete entries include: Sigma
Nu, Firehouse, Toyon, SAE, Sigma
Chi, Theta Chi. Zetes, Phi Psi.
Greeks, and four Encina aggrega
tions. All softball games begin at
4 p.m., and volleyball contests at
4:30.
Softball rules limit each team to
nine men, with unlimited substi
tutions. The pitcher must have a
single wind?up. games are restrict
ed to seven innings or a duration
of one hour, and the official rules
of softball will be followed.
In the net tourney, official rules
will be observed, with each six
man team being permitted unlim
ited substitutions.
If a team does not appear within
10 minutes after the scheduled
time, the game will be forfeited.
The softbal! diamonds arc located
below the Sunken Diamond, and
the volleyball courts are located
behind the Men's Physical Educa
tion Building.
The softball openers on July 15
find Sigma Nu pitted against Phi
PsPi, and Encina Basement oppos
ing Encina 2 and 3 East. The fol
lowing day, the volleyball curtain
raisers match Sigma Nu against the
Firehouse, Encina 2-3E battling the
Basement, and SAE tangling with
the Greeks.
The tennis and golf tourneys
have been canceled because of the
poor response in entries.
The intramural tourneys in soft
ball and volleyball for the summer
session get under way July 15
through Aug. 14, Chuck Taylor,
mural director, announced Monday
at a meeting of team representa
tives.
Complete entries include: Sigma
Nu, Firehouse, Toyon, SAE, Sigma
Chi, Theta Chi. Zetes, Phi Psi.
Greeks, and four Encina aggrega
tions. All softball games begin at
4 p.m., and volleyball contests at
4:30.
Softball rules limit each team to
nine men, with unlimited substi
tutions. The pitcher must have a
single wind?up. games are restrict
ed to seven innings or a duration
of one hour, and the official rules
of softball will be followed.
In the net tourney, official rules
will be observed, with each six
man team being permitted unlim
ited substitutions.
If a team does not appear within
10 minutes after the scheduled
time, the game will be forfeited.
The softbal! diamonds arc located
below the Sunken Diamond, and
the volleyball courts are located
behind the Men's Physical Educa
tion Building.
The softball openers on July 15
find Sigma Nu pitted against Phi
PsPi, and Encina Basement oppos
ing Encina 2 and 3 East. The fol
lowing day, the volleyball curtain
raisers match Sigma Nu against the
Firehouse, Encina 2-3E battling the
Basement, and SAE tangling with
the Greeks.
The tennis and golf tourneys
have been canceled because of the
poor response in entries.
The intramural tourneys in soft
ball and volleyball for the summer
session get under way July 15
through Aug. 14, Chuck Taylor,
mural director, announced Monday
at a meeting of team representa
tives.
Complete entries include: Sigma
Nu, Firehouse, Toyon, SAE, Sigma
Chi, Theta Chi. Zetes, Phi Psi.
Greeks, and four Encina aggrega
tions. All softball games begin at
4 p.m., and volleyball contests at
4:30.
Softball rules limit each team to
nine men, with unlimited substi
tutions. The pitcher must have a
single wind?up. games are restrict
ed to seven innings or a duration
of one hour, and the official rules
of softball will be followed.
In the net tourney, official rules
will be observed, with each six
man team being permitted unlim
ited substitutions.
If a team does not appear within
10 minutes after the scheduled
time, the game will be forfeited.
The softbal! diamonds arc located
below the Sunken Diamond, and
the volleyball courts are located
behind the Men's Physical Educa
tion Building.
The softball openers on July 15
find Sigma Nu pitted against Phi
PsPi, and Encina Basement oppos
ing Encina 2 and 3 East. The fol
lowing day, the volleyball curtain
raisers match Sigma Nu against the
Firehouse, Encina 2-3E battling the
Basement, and SAE tangling with
the Greeks.
The tennis and golf tourneys
have been canceled because of the
poor response in entries.
The intramural tourneys in soft
ball and volleyball for the summer
session get under way July 15
through Aug. 14, Chuck Taylor,
mural director, announced Monday
at a meeting of team representa
tives.
Complete entries include: Sigma
Nu, Firehouse, Toyon, SAE, Sigma
Chi, Theta Chi. Zetes, Phi Psi.
Greeks, and four Encina aggrega
tions. All softball games begin at
4 p.m., and volleyball contests at
4:30.
Softball rules limit each team to
nine men, with unlimited substi
tutions. The pitcher must have a
single wind?up. games are restrict
ed to seven innings or a duration
of one hour, and the official rules
of softball will be followed.
In the net tourney, official rules
will be observed, with each six
man team being permitted unlim
ited substitutions.
If a team does not appear within
10 minutes after the scheduled
time, the game will be forfeited.
The softbal! diamonds arc located
below the Sunken Diamond, and
the volleyball courts are located
behind the Men's Physical Educa
tion Building.
The softball openers on July 15
find Sigma Nu pitted against Phi
PsPi, and Encina Basement oppos
ing Encina 2 and 3 East. The fol
lowing day, the volleyball curtain
raisers match Sigma Nu against the
Firehouse, Encina 2-3E battling the
Basement, and SAE tangling with
the Greeks.
The tennis and golf tourneys
have been canceled because of the
poor response in entries.
The intramural tourneys in soft
ball and volleyball for the summer
session get under way July 15
through Aug. 14, Chuck Taylor,
mural director, announced Monday
at a meeting of team representa
tives.
Complete entries include: Sigma
Nu, Firehouse, Toyon, SAE, Sigma
Chi, Theta Chi. Zetes, Phi Psi.
Greeks, and four Encina aggrega
tions. All softball games begin at
4 p.m., and volleyball contests at
4:30.
Softball rules limit each team to
nine men, with unlimited substi
tutions. The pitcher must have a
single wind?up. games are restrict
ed to seven innings or a duration
of one hour, and the official rules
of softball will be followed.
In the net tourney, official rules
will be observed, with each six
man team being permitted unlim
ited substitutions.
If a team does not appear within
10 minutes after the scheduled
time, the game will be forfeited.
The softbal! diamonds arc located
below the Sunken Diamond, and
the volleyball courts are located
behind the Men's Physical Educa
tion Building.
The softball openers on July 15
find Sigma Nu pitted against Phi
PsPi, and Encina Basement oppos
ing Encina 2 and 3 East. The fol
lowing day, the volleyball curtain
raisers match Sigma Nu against the
Firehouse, Encina 2-3E battling the
Basement, and SAE tangling with
the Greeks.
The tennis and golf tourneys
have been canceled because of the
poor response in entries.
The intramural tourneys in soft
ball and volleyball for the summer
session get under way July 15
through Aug. 14, Chuck Taylor,
mural director, announced Monday
at a meeting of team representa
tives.
Complete entries include: Sigma
Nu, Firehouse, Toyon, SAE, Sigma
Chi, Theta Chi. Zetes, Phi Psi.
Greeks, and four Encina aggrega
tions. All softball games begin at
4 p.m., and volleyball contests at
4:30.
Softball rules limit each team to
nine men, with unlimited substi
tutions. The pitcher must have a
single wind?up. games are restrict
ed to seven innings or a duration
of one hour, and the official rules
of softball will be followed.
In the net tourney, official rules
will be observed, with each six
man team being permitted unlim
ited substitutions.
If a team does not appear within
10 minutes after the scheduled
time, the game will be forfeited.
The softbal! diamonds arc located
below the Sunken Diamond, and
the volleyball courts are located
behind the Men's Physical Educa
tion Building.
The softball openers on July 15
find Sigma Nu pitted against Phi
PsPi, and Encina Basement oppos
ing Encina 2 and 3 East. The fol
lowing day, the volleyball curtain
raisers match Sigma Nu against the
Firehouse, Encina 2-3E battling the
Basement, and SAE tangling with
the Greeks.
The tennis and golf tourneys
have been canceled because of the
poor response in entries.
The intramural tourneys in soft
ball and volleyball for the summer
session get under way July 15
through Aug. 14, Chuck Taylor,
mural director, announced Monday
at a meeting of team representa
tives.
Complete entries include: Sigma
Nu, Firehouse, Toyon, SAE, Sigma
Chi, Theta Chi. Zetes, Phi Psi.
Greeks, and four Encina aggrega
tions. All softball games begin at
4 p.m., and volleyball contests at
4:30.
Softball rules limit each team to
nine men, with unlimited substi
tutions. The pitcher must have a
single wind?up. games are restrict
ed to seven innings or a duration
of one hour, and the official rules
of softball will be followed.
In the net tourney, official rules
will be observed, with each six
man team being permitted unlim
ited substitutions.
If a team does not appear within
10 minutes after the scheduled
time, the game will be forfeited.
The softbal! diamonds arc located
below the Sunken Diamond, and
the volleyball courts are located
behind the Men's Physical Educa
tion Building.
The softball openers on July 15
find Sigma Nu pitted against Phi
PsPi, and Encina Basement oppos
ing Encina 2 and 3 East. The fol
lowing day, the volleyball curtain
raisers match Sigma Nu against the
Firehouse, Encina 2-3E battling the
Basement, and SAE tangling with
the Greeks.
The tennis and golf tourneys
have been canceled because of the
poor response in entries.
The intramural tourneys in soft
ball and volleyball for the summer
session get under way July 15
through Aug. 14, Chuck Taylor,
mural director, announced Monday
at a meeting of team representa
tives.
Complete entries include: Sigma
Nu, Firehouse, Toyon, SAE, Sigma
Chi, Theta Chi. Zetes, Phi Psi.
Greeks, and four Encina aggrega
tions. All softball games begin at
4 p.m., and volleyball contests at
4:30.
Softball rules limit each team to
nine men, with unlimited substi
tutions. The pitcher must have a
single wind?up. games are restrict
ed to seven innings or a duration
of one hour, and the official rules
of softball will be followed.
In the net tourney, official rules
will be observed, with each six
man team being permitted unlim
ited substitutions.
If a team does not appear within
10 minutes after the scheduled
time, the game will be forfeited.
The softbal! diamonds arc located
below the Sunken Diamond, and
the volleyball courts are located
behind the Men's Physical Educa
tion Building.
The softball openers on July 15
find Sigma Nu pitted against Phi
PsPi, and Encina Basement oppos
ing Encina 2 and 3 East. The fol
lowing day, the volleyball curtain
raisers match Sigma Nu against the
Firehouse, Encina 2-3E battling the
Basement, and SAE tangling with
the Greeks.
The tennis and golf tourneys
have been canceled because of the
poor response in entries.
The intramural tourneys in soft
ball and volleyball for the summer
session get under way July 15
through Aug. 14, Chuck Taylor,
mural director, announced Monday
at a meeting of team representa
tives.
Complete entries include: Sigma
Nu, Firehouse, Toyon, SAE, Sigma
Chi, Theta Chi. Zetes, Phi Psi.
Greeks, and four Encina aggrega
tions. All softball games begin at
4 p.m., and volleyball contests at
4:30.
Softball rules limit each team to
nine men, with unlimited substi
tutions. The pitcher must have a
single wind?up. games are restrict
ed to seven innings or a duration
of one hour, and the official rules
of softball will be followed.
In the net tourney, official rules
will be observed, with each six
man team being permitted unlim
ited substitutions.
If a team does not appear within
10 minutes after the scheduled
time, the game will be forfeited.
The softbal! diamonds arc located
below the Sunken Diamond, and
the volleyball courts are located
behind the Men's Physical Educa
tion Building.
The softball openers on July 15
find Sigma Nu pitted against Phi
PsPi, and Encina Basement oppos
ing Encina 2 and 3 East. The fol
lowing day, the volleyball curtain
raisers match Sigma Nu against the
Firehouse, Encina 2-3E battling the
Basement, and SAE tangling with
the Greeks.
The tennis and golf tourneys
have been canceled because of the
poor response in entries.
The intramural tourneys in soft
ball and volleyball for the summer
session get under way July 15
through Aug. 14, Chuck Taylor,
mural director, announced Monday
at a meeting of team representa
tives.
Complete entries include: Sigma
Nu, Firehouse, Toyon, SAE, Sigma
Chi, Theta Chi. Zetes, Phi Psi.
Greeks, and four Encina aggrega
tions. All softball games begin at
4 p.m., and volleyball contests at
4:30.
Softball rules limit each team to
nine men, with unlimited substi
tutions. The pitcher must have a
single wind?up. games are restrict
ed to seven innings or a duration
of one hour, and the official rules
of softball will be followed.
In the net tourney, official rules
will be observed, with each six
man team being permitted unlim
ited substitutions.
If a team does not appear within
10 minutes after the scheduled
time, the game will be forfeited.
The softbal! diamonds arc located
below the Sunken Diamond, and
the volleyball courts are located
behind the Men's Physical Educa
tion Building.
The softball openers on July 15
find Sigma Nu pitted against Phi
PsPi, and Encina Basement oppos
ing Encina 2 and 3 East. The fol
lowing day, the volleyball curtain
raisers match Sigma Nu against the
Firehouse, Encina 2-3E battling the
Basement, and SAE tangling with
the Greeks.
The tennis and golf tourneys
have been canceled because of the
poor response in entries.
The intramural tourneys in soft
ball and volleyball for the summer
session get under way July 15
through Aug. 14, Chuck Taylor,
mural director, announced Monday
at a meeting of team representa
tives.
Complete entries include: Sigma
Nu, Firehouse, Toyon, SAE, Sigma
Chi, Theta Chi. Zetes, Phi Psi.
Greeks, and four Encina aggrega
tions. All softball games begin at
4 p.m., and volleyball contests at
4:30.
Softball rules limit each team to
nine men, with unlimited substi
tutions. The pitcher must have a
single wind?up. games are restrict
ed to seven innings or a duration
of one hour, and the official rules
of softball will be followed.
In the net tourney, official rules
will be observed, with each six
man team being permitted unlim
ited substitutions.
If a team does not appear within
10 minutes after the scheduled
time, the game will be forfeited.
The softbal! diamonds arc located
below the Sunken Diamond, and
the volleyball courts are located
behind the Men's Physical Educa
tion Building.
The softball openers on July 15
find Sigma Nu pitted against Phi
PsPi, and Encina Basement oppos
ing Encina 2 and 3 East. The fol
lowing day, the volleyball curtain
raisers match Sigma Nu against the
Firehouse, Encina 2-3E battling the
Basement, and SAE tangling with
the Greeks.
The tennis and golf tourneys
have been canceled because of the
poor response in entries.
The intramural tourneys in soft
ball and volleyball for the summer
session get under way July 15
through Aug. 14, Chuck Taylor,
mural director, announced Monday
at a meeting of team representa
tives.
Complete entries include: Sigma
Nu, Firehouse, Toyon, SAE, Sigma
Chi, Theta Chi. Zetes, Phi Psi.
Greeks, and four Encina aggrega
tions. All softball games begin at
4 p.m., and volleyball contests at
4:30.
Softball rules limit each team to
nine men, with unlimited substi
tutions. The pitcher must have a
single wind?up. games are restrict
ed to seven innings or a duration
of one hour, and the official rules
of softball will be followed.
In the net tourney, official rules
will be observed, with each six
man team being permitted unlim
ited substitutions.
If a team does not appear within
10 minutes after the scheduled
time, the game will be forfeited.
The softbal! diamonds arc located
below the Sunken Diamond, and
the volleyball courts are located
behind the Men's Physical Educa
tion Building.
The softball openers on July 15
find Sigma Nu pitted against Phi
PsPi, and Encina Basement oppos
ing Encina 2 and 3 East. The fol
lowing day, the volleyball curtain
raisers match Sigma Nu against the
Firehouse, Encina 2-3E battling the
Basement, and SAE tangling with
the Greeks.
The tennis and golf tourneys
have been canceled because of the
poor response in entries.
