# Remaining Quad Subscriptions for Sale Tomorrow
## 
### 
Two-thirds of the '44 Quads to be
published are already sold, warns
Nan McLaren, editor. Again tomor

row, Tuesday, booths will be open
for business around the campus
selling subscriptions to the book.
Members of the Quad's business
staff will be at the booths in the
morning from 9 to 12 and in the aft
ernoon from 1 to 2:30. Booths are lo
cated at the Engineering and History
corners.
Two-thirds of the '44 Quads to be
published are already sold, warns
Nan McLaren, editor. Again tomor

row, Tuesday, booths will be open
for business around the campus
selling subscriptions to the book.
Members of the Quad's business
staff will be at the booths in the
morning from 9 to 12 and in the aft
ernoon from 1 to 2:30. Booths are lo
cated at the Engineering and History
corners.
Two-thirds of the '44 Quads to be
published are already sold, warns
Nan McLaren, editor. Again tomor

row, Tuesday, booths will be open
for business around the campus
selling subscriptions to the book.
Members of the Quad's business
staff will be at the booths in the
morning from 9 to 12 and in the aft
ernoon from 1 to 2:30. Booths are lo
cated at the Engineering and History
corners.
Two-thirds of the '44 Quads to be
published are already sold, warns
Nan McLaren, editor. Again tomor

row, Tuesday, booths will be open
for business around the campus
selling subscriptions to the book.
Members of the Quad's business
staff will be at the booths in the
morning from 9 to 12 and in the aft
ernoon from 1 to 2:30. Booths are lo
cated at the Engineering and History
corners.
Two-thirds of the '44 Quads to be
published are already sold, warns
Nan McLaren, editor. Again tomor

row, Tuesday, booths will be open
for business around the campus
selling subscriptions to the book.
Members of the Quad's business
staff will be at the booths in the
morning from 9 to 12 and in the aft
ernoon from 1 to 2:30. Booths are lo
cated at the Engineering and History
corners.
Two-thirds of the '44 Quads to be
published are already sold, warns
Nan McLaren, editor. Again tomor

row, Tuesday, booths will be open
for business around the campus
selling subscriptions to the book.
Members of the Quad's business
staff will be at the booths in the
morning from 9 to 12 and in the aft
ernoon from 1 to 2:30. Booths are lo
cated at the Engineering and History
corners.
Two-thirds of the '44 Quads to be
published are already sold, warns
Nan McLaren, editor. Again tomor

row, Tuesday, booths will be open
for business around the campus
selling subscriptions to the book.
Members of the Quad's business
staff will be at the booths in the
morning from 9 to 12 and in the aft
ernoon from 1 to 2:30. Booths are lo
cated at the Engineering and History
corners.
Two-thirds of the '44 Quads to be
published are already sold, warns
Nan McLaren, editor. Again tomor

row, Tuesday, booths will be open
for business around the campus
selling subscriptions to the book.
Members of the Quad's business
staff will be at the booths in the
morning from 9 to 12 and in the aft
ernoon from 1 to 2:30. Booths are lo
cated at the Engineering and History
corners.
Two-thirds of the '44 Quads to be
published are already sold, warns
Nan McLaren, editor. Again tomor

row, Tuesday, booths will be open
for business around the campus
selling subscriptions to the book.
Members of the Quad's business
staff will be at the booths in the
morning from 9 to 12 and in the aft
ernoon from 1 to 2:30. Booths are lo
cated at the Engineering and History
corners.
Two-thirds of the '44 Quads to be
published are already sold, warns
Nan McLaren, editor. Again tomor

row, Tuesday, booths will be open
for business around the campus
selling subscriptions to the book.
Members of the Quad's business
staff will be at the booths in the
morning from 9 to 12 and in the aft
ernoon from 1 to 2:30. Booths are lo
cated at the Engineering and History
corners.
Two-thirds of the '44 Quads to be
published are already sold, warns
Nan McLaren, editor. Again tomor

row, Tuesday, booths will be open
for business around the campus
selling subscriptions to the book.
Members of the Quad's business
staff will be at the booths in the
morning from 9 to 12 and in the aft
ernoon from 1 to 2:30. Booths are lo
cated at the Engineering and History
corners.
Two-thirds of the '44 Quads to be
published are already sold, warns
Nan McLaren, editor. Again tomor

row, Tuesday, booths will be open
for business around the campus
selling subscriptions to the book.
Members of the Quad's business
staff will be at the booths in the
morning from 9 to 12 and in the aft
ernoon from 1 to 2:30. Booths are lo
cated at the Engineering and History
corners.
Two-thirds of the '44 Quads to be
published are already sold, warns
Nan McLaren, editor. Again tomor

row, Tuesday, booths will be open
for business around the campus
selling subscriptions to the book.
Members of the Quad's business
staff will be at the booths in the
morning from 9 to 12 and in the aft
ernoon from 1 to 2:30. Booths are lo
cated at the Engineering and History
corners.
Two-thirds of the '44 Quads to be
published are already sold, warns
Nan McLaren, editor. Again tomor

row, Tuesday, booths will be open
for business around the campus
selling subscriptions to the book.
Members of the Quad's business
staff will be at the booths in the
morning from 9 to 12 and in the aft
ernoon from 1 to 2:30. Booths are lo
cated at the Engineering and History
corners.
Two-thirds of the '44 Quads to be
published are already sold, warns
Nan McLaren, editor. Again tomor

row, Tuesday, booths will be open
for business around the campus
selling subscriptions to the book.
Members of the Quad's business
staff will be at the booths in the
morning from 9 to 12 and in the aft
ernoon from 1 to 2:30. Booths are lo
cated at the Engineering and History
corners.
