# Choral Society Meeting.
## 
### 
The first meeting of the Choral
Society, which has lately been or
ganized at the University, took
place Monday night in the chapel.
About thirty people were present,
among them being many members
of the Girls' and Varsity Glee
Clubs. Professors Matzke, Camp
bell, Starbuck, and G. H. Marx,
and Mrs. Pease, Mr. Hyde, and
Mr. and Mrs. Hague were also
present, together with the leader,
J. J. Morris.
The society has been begun with
the object of supplying the music
for Commencement and other en
tertainments. For the past two or
three years the Commencement
chorus has been composed of from
eighty to a hundred voices chosen
late in the semester and unable,
011 such short training, to furnish
the best music. Under these new
conditions a large, well-trained
body of singers will be always
ready to furnish music. In Palo
Alto Mr. Morris leads a society of
sixty persons who will later join
the society now in formation here.
All who sing are invited to be
present at the regular meetings
from 4:30 to 5:30 Monday after
noons.
The first meeting of the Choral
Society, which has lately been or
ganized at the University, took
place Monday night in the chapel.
About thirty people were present,
among them being many members
of the Girls' and Varsity Glee
Clubs. Professors Matzke, Camp
bell, Starbuck, and G. H. Marx,
and Mrs. Pease, Mr. Hyde, and
Mr. and Mrs. Hague were also
present, together with the leader,
J. J. Morris.
The society has been begun with
the object of supplying the music
for Commencement and other en
tertainments. For the past two or
three years the Commencement
chorus has been composed of from
eighty to a hundred voices chosen
late in the semester and unable,
011 such short training, to furnish
the best music. Under these new
conditions a large, well-trained
body of singers will be always
ready to furnish music. In Palo
Alto Mr. Morris leads a society of
sixty persons who will later join
the society now in formation here.
All who sing are invited to be
present at the regular meetings
from 4:30 to 5:30 Monday after
noons.
The first meeting of the Choral
Society, which has lately been or
ganized at the University, took
place Monday night in the chapel.
About thirty people were present,
among them being many members
of the Girls' and Varsity Glee
Clubs. Professors Matzke, Camp
bell, Starbuck, and G. H. Marx,
and Mrs. Pease, Mr. Hyde, and
Mr. and Mrs. Hague were also
present, together with the leader,
J. J. Morris.
The society has been begun with
the object of supplying the music
for Commencement and other en
tertainments. For the past two or
three years the Commencement
chorus has been composed of from
eighty to a hundred voices chosen
late in the semester and unable,
011 such short training, to furnish
the best music. Under these new
conditions a large, well-trained
body of singers will be always
ready to furnish music. In Palo
Alto Mr. Morris leads a society of
sixty persons who will later join
the society now in formation here.
All who sing are invited to be
present at the regular meetings
from 4:30 to 5:30 Monday after
noons.
The first meeting of the Choral
Society, which has lately been or
ganized at the University, took
place Monday night in the chapel.
About thirty people were present,
among them being many members
of the Girls' and Varsity Glee
Clubs. Professors Matzke, Camp
bell, Starbuck, and G. H. Marx,
and Mrs. Pease, Mr. Hyde, and
Mr. and Mrs. Hague were also
present, together with the leader,
J. J. Morris.
The society has been begun with
the object of supplying the music
for Commencement and other en
tertainments. For the past two or
three years the Commencement
chorus has been composed of from
eighty to a hundred voices chosen
late in the semester and unable,
011 such short training, to furnish
the best music. Under these new
conditions a large, well-trained
body of singers will be always
ready to furnish music. In Palo
Alto Mr. Morris leads a society of
sixty persons who will later join
the society now in formation here.
All who sing are invited to be
present at the regular meetings
from 4:30 to 5:30 Monday after
noons.
The first meeting of the Choral
Society, which has lately been or
ganized at the University, took
place Monday night in the chapel.
About thirty people were present,
among them being many members
of the Girls' and Varsity Glee
Clubs. Professors Matzke, Camp
bell, Starbuck, and G. H. Marx,
and Mrs. Pease, Mr. Hyde, and
Mr. and Mrs. Hague were also
present, together with the leader,
J. J. Morris.
The society has been begun with
the object of supplying the music
for Commencement and other en
tertainments. For the past two or
three years the Commencement
chorus has been composed of from
eighty to a hundred voices chosen
late in the semester and unable,
011 such short training, to furnish
the best music. Under these new
conditions a large, well-trained
body of singers will be always
ready to furnish music. In Palo
Alto Mr. Morris leads a society of
sixty persons who will later join
the society now in formation here.
All who sing are invited to be
present at the regular meetings
from 4:30 to 5:30 Monday after
noons.
The first meeting of the Choral
Society, which has lately been or
ganized at the University, took
place Monday night in the chapel.
About thirty people were present,
among them being many members
of the Girls' and Varsity Glee
Clubs. Professors Matzke, Camp
bell, Starbuck, and G. H. Marx,
and Mrs. Pease, Mr. Hyde, and
Mr. and Mrs. Hague were also
present, together with the leader,
J. J. Morris.
The society has been begun with
the object of supplying the music
for Commencement and other en
tertainments. For the past two or
three years the Commencement
chorus has been composed of from
eighty to a hundred voices chosen
late in the semester and unable,
011 such short training, to furnish
the best music. Under these new
conditions a large, well-trained
body of singers will be always
ready to furnish music. In Palo
Alto Mr. Morris leads a society of
sixty persons who will later join
the society now in formation here.
All who sing are invited to be
present at the regular meetings
from 4:30 to 5:30 Monday after
noons.
The first meeting of the Choral
Society, which has lately been or
ganized at the University, took
place Monday night in the chapel.
About thirty people were present,
among them being many members
of the Girls' and Varsity Glee
Clubs. Professors Matzke, Camp
bell, Starbuck, and G. H. Marx,
and Mrs. Pease, Mr. Hyde, and
Mr. and Mrs. Hague were also
present, together with the leader,
J. J. Morris.
The society has been begun with
the object of supplying the music
for Commencement and other en
tertainments. For the past two or
three years the Commencement
chorus has been composed of from
eighty to a hundred voices chosen
late in the semester and unable,
011 such short training, to furnish
the best music. Under these new
conditions a large, well-trained
body of singers will be always
ready to furnish music. In Palo
Alto Mr. Morris leads a society of
sixty persons who will later join
the society now in formation here.
All who sing are invited to be
present at the regular meetings
from 4:30 to 5:30 Monday after
noons.
