# Freshman Preliminaries.
## 
### 
The first squad for the Fresh
man preliminaries of the Fresh
man-Sophomore debate met in the
Library Monday afternoon. The
question chosen by this squad,
which is composed of Wood, Ritter,
Harper, and Noland, was: "Re
solved, That the United States
should permanently retain the
Philippine Islands as a part of its
territorial domain." The second
squad met this afternoon and se
lected the following question:
"Resolved, That members of the
President's cabinet should have
seats in Congress." Silvev, Mc-
Donald, Spencer, Parsons, and Van
Dine composed this squad. The
third, formed by Chandler, Lock
wood, Roehr, and Anderson, has
taken: "Resolved, That it would be
wise at present to change the re
ligion of China." Thomas, Terrell,
Jones, and Wintler, forming (he
fourth squad, will debate upon (he
question: "Resolved, That the
negro should be disfranchised."
The first squad for the Fresh
man preliminaries of the Fresh
man-Sophomore debate met in the
Library Monday afternoon. The
question chosen by this squad,
which is composed of Wood, Ritter,
Harper, and Noland, was: "Re
solved, That the United States
should permanently retain the
Philippine Islands as a part of its
territorial domain." The second
squad met this afternoon and se
lected the following question:
"Resolved, That members of the
President's cabinet should have
seats in Congress." Silvev, Mc-
Donald, Spencer, Parsons, and Van
Dine composed this squad. The
third, formed by Chandler, Lock
wood, Roehr, and Anderson, has
taken: "Resolved, That it would be
wise at present to change the re
ligion of China." Thomas, Terrell,
Jones, and Wintler, forming (he
fourth squad, will debate upon (he
question: "Resolved, That the
negro should be disfranchised."
The first squad for the Fresh
man preliminaries of the Fresh
man-Sophomore debate met in the
Library Monday afternoon. The
question chosen by this squad,
which is composed of Wood, Ritter,
Harper, and Noland, was: "Re
solved, That the United States
should permanently retain the
Philippine Islands as a part of its
territorial domain." The second
squad met this afternoon and se
lected the following question:
"Resolved, That members of the
President's cabinet should have
seats in Congress." Silvev, Mc-
Donald, Spencer, Parsons, and Van
Dine composed this squad. The
third, formed by Chandler, Lock
wood, Roehr, and Anderson, has
taken: "Resolved, That it would be
wise at present to change the re
ligion of China." Thomas, Terrell,
Jones, and Wintler, forming (he
fourth squad, will debate upon (he
question: "Resolved, That the
negro should be disfranchised."
The first squad for the Fresh
man preliminaries of the Fresh
man-Sophomore debate met in the
Library Monday afternoon. The
question chosen by this squad,
which is composed of Wood, Ritter,
Harper, and Noland, was: "Re
solved, That the United States
should permanently retain the
Philippine Islands as a part of its
territorial domain." The second
squad met this afternoon and se
lected the following question:
"Resolved, That members of the
President's cabinet should have
seats in Congress." Silvev, Mc-
Donald, Spencer, Parsons, and Van
Dine composed this squad. The
third, formed by Chandler, Lock
wood, Roehr, and Anderson, has
taken: "Resolved, That it would be
wise at present to change the re
ligion of China." Thomas, Terrell,
Jones, and Wintler, forming (he
fourth squad, will debate upon (he
question: "Resolved, That the
negro should be disfranchised."
The first squad for the Fresh
man preliminaries of the Fresh
man-Sophomore debate met in the
Library Monday afternoon. The
question chosen by this squad,
which is composed of Wood, Ritter,
Harper, and Noland, was: "Re
solved, That the United States
should permanently retain the
Philippine Islands as a part of its
territorial domain." The second
squad met this afternoon and se
lected the following question:
"Resolved, That members of the
President's cabinet should have
seats in Congress." Silvev, Mc-
Donald, Spencer, Parsons, and Van
Dine composed this squad. The
third, formed by Chandler, Lock
wood, Roehr, and Anderson, has
taken: "Resolved, That it would be
wise at present to change the re
ligion of China." Thomas, Terrell,
Jones, and Wintler, forming (he
fourth squad, will debate upon (he
question: "Resolved, That the
negro should be disfranchised."
The first squad for the Fresh
man preliminaries of the Fresh
man-Sophomore debate met in the
Library Monday afternoon. The
question chosen by this squad,
which is composed of Wood, Ritter,
Harper, and Noland, was: "Re
solved, That the United States
should permanently retain the
Philippine Islands as a part of its
territorial domain." The second
squad met this afternoon and se
lected the following question:
"Resolved, That members of the
President's cabinet should have
seats in Congress." Silvev, Mc-
Donald, Spencer, Parsons, and Van
Dine composed this squad. The
third, formed by Chandler, Lock
wood, Roehr, and Anderson, has
taken: "Resolved, That it would be
wise at present to change the re
ligion of China." Thomas, Terrell,
Jones, and Wintler, forming (he
fourth squad, will debate upon (he
question: "Resolved, That the
negro should be disfranchised."
The first squad for the Fresh
man preliminaries of the Fresh
man-Sophomore debate met in the
Library Monday afternoon. The
question chosen by this squad,
which is composed of Wood, Ritter,
Harper, and Noland, was: "Re
solved, That the United States
should permanently retain the
Philippine Islands as a part of its
territorial domain." The second
squad met this afternoon and se
lected the following question:
"Resolved, That members of the
President's cabinet should have
seats in Congress." Silvev, Mc-
Donald, Spencer, Parsons, and Van
Dine composed this squad. The
third, formed by Chandler, Lock
wood, Roehr, and Anderson, has
taken: "Resolved, That it would be
wise at present to change the re
ligion of China." Thomas, Terrell,
Jones, and Wintler, forming (he
fourth squad, will debate upon (he
question: "Resolved, That the
negro should be disfranchised."
