# HOUSE MANAGERS TO DISCUSS BUYING PLAN AT MEETING TONIGHT
## 
### 
House managers of all campus fra
ternities will meet tonight ar. 6:10
o'clock at a dinner at the Phi Gamma
Delta house to discuss and straighten
out the details of the proposed co
operative buying plan to be submitted
to the different houses this week for
their approval or rejection.
Fred Kunzel, appointed head of the
plan committee at the interfraternity
council meeting last week, will pre
sent a tentative constitution, whirh
will then bo open to debate and
changes, so as to in a practicable
form before being voted ou by the
houses.
House managers of all campus fra
ternities will meet tonight ar. 6:10
o'clock at a dinner at the Phi Gamma
Delta house to discuss and straighten
out the details of the proposed co
operative buying plan to be submitted
to the different houses this week for
their approval or rejection.
Fred Kunzel, appointed head of the
plan committee at the interfraternity
council meeting last week, will pre
sent a tentative constitution, whirh
will then bo open to debate and
changes, so as to in a practicable
form before being voted ou by the
houses.
House managers of all campus fra
ternities will meet tonight ar. 6:10
o'clock at a dinner at the Phi Gamma
Delta house to discuss and straighten
out the details of the proposed co
operative buying plan to be submitted
to the different houses this week for
their approval or rejection.
Fred Kunzel, appointed head of the
plan committee at the interfraternity
council meeting last week, will pre
sent a tentative constitution, whirh
will then bo open to debate and
changes, so as to in a practicable
form before being voted ou by the
houses.
House managers of all campus fra
ternities will meet tonight ar. 6:10
o'clock at a dinner at the Phi Gamma
Delta house to discuss and straighten
out the details of the proposed co
operative buying plan to be submitted
to the different houses this week for
their approval or rejection.
Fred Kunzel, appointed head of the
plan committee at the interfraternity
council meeting last week, will pre
sent a tentative constitution, whirh
will then bo open to debate and
changes, so as to in a practicable
form before being voted ou by the
houses.
House managers of all campus fra
ternities will meet tonight ar. 6:10
o'clock at a dinner at the Phi Gamma
Delta house to discuss and straighten
out the details of the proposed co
operative buying plan to be submitted
to the different houses this week for
their approval or rejection.
Fred Kunzel, appointed head of the
plan committee at the interfraternity
council meeting last week, will pre
sent a tentative constitution, whirh
will then bo open to debate and
changes, so as to in a practicable
form before being voted ou by the
houses.
House managers of all campus fra
ternities will meet tonight ar. 6:10
o'clock at a dinner at the Phi Gamma
Delta house to discuss and straighten
out the details of the proposed co
operative buying plan to be submitted
to the different houses this week for
their approval or rejection.
Fred Kunzel, appointed head of the
plan committee at the interfraternity
council meeting last week, will pre
sent a tentative constitution, whirh
will then bo open to debate and
changes, so as to in a practicable
form before being voted ou by the
houses.
House managers of all campus fra
ternities will meet tonight ar. 6:10
o'clock at a dinner at the Phi Gamma
Delta house to discuss and straighten
out the details of the proposed co
operative buying plan to be submitted
to the different houses this week for
their approval or rejection.
Fred Kunzel, appointed head of the
plan committee at the interfraternity
council meeting last week, will pre
sent a tentative constitution, whirh
will then bo open to debate and
changes, so as to in a practicable
form before being voted ou by the
houses.
House managers of all campus fra
ternities will meet tonight ar. 6:10
o'clock at a dinner at the Phi Gamma
Delta house to discuss and straighten
out the details of the proposed co
operative buying plan to be submitted
to the different houses this week for
their approval or rejection.
Fred Kunzel, appointed head of the
plan committee at the interfraternity
council meeting last week, will pre
sent a tentative constitution, whirh
will then bo open to debate and
changes, so as to in a practicable
form before being voted ou by the
houses.
House managers of all campus fra
ternities will meet tonight ar. 6:10
o'clock at a dinner at the Phi Gamma
Delta house to discuss and straighten
out the details of the proposed co
operative buying plan to be submitted
to the different houses this week for
their approval or rejection.
Fred Kunzel, appointed head of the
plan committee at the interfraternity
council meeting last week, will pre
sent a tentative constitution, whirh
will then bo open to debate and
changes, so as to in a practicable
form before being voted ou by the
houses.
House managers of all campus fra
ternities will meet tonight ar. 6:10
o'clock at a dinner at the Phi Gamma
Delta house to discuss and straighten
out the details of the proposed co
operative buying plan to be submitted
to the different houses this week for
their approval or rejection.
Fred Kunzel, appointed head of the
plan committee at the interfraternity
council meeting last week, will pre
sent a tentative constitution, whirh
will then bo open to debate and
changes, so as to in a practicable
form before being voted ou by the
houses.
House managers of all campus fra
ternities will meet tonight ar. 6:10
o'clock at a dinner at the Phi Gamma
Delta house to discuss and straighten
out the details of the proposed co
operative buying plan to be submitted
to the different houses this week for
their approval or rejection.
Fred Kunzel, appointed head of the
plan committee at the interfraternity
council meeting last week, will pre
sent a tentative constitution, whirh
will then bo open to debate and
changes, so as to in a practicable
form before being voted ou by the
houses.
House managers of all campus fra
ternities will meet tonight ar. 6:10
o'clock at a dinner at the Phi Gamma
Delta house to discuss and straighten
out the details of the proposed co
operative buying plan to be submitted
to the different houses this week for
their approval or rejection.
Fred Kunzel, appointed head of the
plan committee at the interfraternity
council meeting last week, will pre
sent a tentative constitution, whirh
will then bo open to debate and
changes, so as to in a practicable
form before being voted ou by the
houses.
House managers of all campus fra
ternities will meet tonight ar. 6:10
o'clock at a dinner at the Phi Gamma
Delta house to discuss and straighten
out the details of the proposed co
operative buying plan to be submitted
to the different houses this week for
their approval or rejection.
Fred Kunzel, appointed head of the
plan committee at the interfraternity
council meeting last week, will pre
sent a tentative constitution, whirh
will then bo open to debate and
changes, so as to in a practicable
form before being voted ou by the
houses.
House managers of all campus fra
ternities will meet tonight ar. 6:10
o'clock at a dinner at the Phi Gamma
Delta house to discuss and straighten
out the details of the proposed co
operative buying plan to be submitted
to the different houses this week for
their approval or rejection.
Fred Kunzel, appointed head of the
plan committee at the interfraternity
council meeting last week, will pre
sent a tentative constitution, whirh
will then bo open to debate and
changes, so as to in a practicable
form before being voted ou by the
houses.
House managers of all campus fra
ternities will meet tonight ar. 6:10
o'clock at a dinner at the Phi Gamma
Delta house to discuss and straighten
out the details of the proposed co
operative buying plan to be submitted
to the different houses this week for
their approval or rejection.
Fred Kunzel, appointed head of the
plan committee at the interfraternity
council meeting last week, will pre
sent a tentative constitution, whirh
will then bo open to debate and
changes, so as to in a practicable
form before being voted ou by the
houses.
