# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The University of Southern California
library has a new bookplate de
picting a Trojan Warrior with the
palm leaf of peace.
The University of Southern California
library has a new bookplate de
picting a Trojan Warrior with the
palm leaf of peace.
The University of Southern California
library has a new bookplate de
picting a Trojan Warrior with the
palm leaf of peace.
The University of Southern California
library has a new bookplate de
picting a Trojan Warrior with the
palm leaf of peace.
The University of Southern California
library has a new bookplate de
picting a Trojan Warrior with the
palm leaf of peace.
The University of Southern California
library has a new bookplate de
picting a Trojan Warrior with the
palm leaf of peace.
The University of Southern California
library has a new bookplate de
picting a Trojan Warrior with the
palm leaf of peace.
The University of Southern California
library has a new bookplate de
picting a Trojan Warrior with the
palm leaf of peace.
The University of Southern California
library has a new bookplate de
picting a Trojan Warrior with the
palm leaf of peace.
The University of Southern California
library has a new bookplate de
picting a Trojan Warrior with the
palm leaf of peace.
The University of Southern California
library has a new bookplate de
picting a Trojan Warrior with the
palm leaf of peace.
The University of Southern California
library has a new bookplate de
picting a Trojan Warrior with the
palm leaf of peace.
The University of Southern California
library has a new bookplate de
picting a Trojan Warrior with the
palm leaf of peace.
The University of Southern California
library has a new bookplate de
picting a Trojan Warrior with the
palm leaf of peace.
The University of Southern California
library has a new bookplate de
picting a Trojan Warrior with the
palm leaf of peace.
