# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Students at Lafayette College, Penn
sylvania, are allowed two cuts for every
unit.
Students at Lafayette College, Penn
sylvania, are allowed two cuts for every
unit.
Students at Lafayette College, Penn
sylvania, are allowed two cuts for every
unit.
Students at Lafayette College, Penn
sylvania, are allowed two cuts for every
unit.
Students at Lafayette College, Penn
sylvania, are allowed two cuts for every
unit.
Students at Lafayette College, Penn
sylvania, are allowed two cuts for every
unit.
Students at Lafayette College, Penn
sylvania, are allowed two cuts for every
unit.
Students at Lafayette College, Penn
sylvania, are allowed two cuts for every
unit.
Students at Lafayette College, Penn
sylvania, are allowed two cuts for every
unit.
Students at Lafayette College, Penn
sylvania, are allowed two cuts for every
unit.
Students at Lafayette College, Penn
sylvania, are allowed two cuts for every
unit.
Students at Lafayette College, Penn
sylvania, are allowed two cuts for every
unit.
Students at Lafayette College, Penn
sylvania, are allowed two cuts for every
unit.
Students at Lafayette College, Penn
sylvania, are allowed two cuts for every
unit.
Students at Lafayette College, Penn
sylvania, are allowed two cuts for every
unit.
