# PENDRAGON COMEDY TO INCLUDE THREE UNIVERSITY PLAYERS
## 
### 
Lynn Bramkamp and Professor and
Mrs. Guido Marx are among the Stan
ford people appearing in "The First
Year," a comedy by Frank Craven,
which is being presented by the Pen
dragon Players in the Palo Alto Wo
man's Club House at 8:15 o'clock to
night and Saturday evening. Norris
James, *24. is also taking a minor role.
"The First Year" deals with the
perenially humorous events in the
lives of a young married couple, and
is considered one of the finest come
dies produced last season. Professor
Marks, of the School of Engineering,
handles the role of the willing but
young husband in a refreshing man
ner, while Mrs. Marks appears as his
wife. Lynn Bramkamp plays a leading
part as "Tommy Tucker."
Tickets for the production are on
sale at Crandall's and the Cardinal
Hotel.
Lynn Bramkamp and Professor and
Mrs. Guido Marx are among the Stan
ford people appearing in "The First
Year," a comedy by Frank Craven,
which is being presented by the Pen
dragon Players in the Palo Alto Wo
man's Club House at 8:15 o'clock to
night and Saturday evening. Norris
James, *24. is also taking a minor role.
"The First Year" deals with the
perenially humorous events in the
lives of a young married couple, and
is considered one of the finest come
dies produced last season. Professor
Marks, of the School of Engineering,
handles the role of the willing but
young husband in a refreshing man
ner, while Mrs. Marks appears as his
wife. Lynn Bramkamp plays a leading
part as "Tommy Tucker."
Tickets for the production are on
sale at Crandall's and the Cardinal
Hotel.
Lynn Bramkamp and Professor and
Mrs. Guido Marx are among the Stan
ford people appearing in "The First
Year," a comedy by Frank Craven,
which is being presented by the Pen
dragon Players in the Palo Alto Wo
man's Club House at 8:15 o'clock to
night and Saturday evening. Norris
James, *24. is also taking a minor role.
"The First Year" deals with the
perenially humorous events in the
lives of a young married couple, and
is considered one of the finest come
dies produced last season. Professor
Marks, of the School of Engineering,
handles the role of the willing but
young husband in a refreshing man
ner, while Mrs. Marks appears as his
wife. Lynn Bramkamp plays a leading
part as "Tommy Tucker."
Tickets for the production are on
sale at Crandall's and the Cardinal
Hotel.
Lynn Bramkamp and Professor and
Mrs. Guido Marx are among the Stan
ford people appearing in "The First
Year," a comedy by Frank Craven,
which is being presented by the Pen
dragon Players in the Palo Alto Wo
man's Club House at 8:15 o'clock to
night and Saturday evening. Norris
James, *24. is also taking a minor role.
"The First Year" deals with the
perenially humorous events in the
lives of a young married couple, and
is considered one of the finest come
dies produced last season. Professor
Marks, of the School of Engineering,
handles the role of the willing but
young husband in a refreshing man
ner, while Mrs. Marks appears as his
wife. Lynn Bramkamp plays a leading
part as "Tommy Tucker."
Tickets for the production are on
sale at Crandall's and the Cardinal
Hotel.
Lynn Bramkamp and Professor and
Mrs. Guido Marx are among the Stan
ford people appearing in "The First
Year," a comedy by Frank Craven,
which is being presented by the Pen
dragon Players in the Palo Alto Wo
man's Club House at 8:15 o'clock to
night and Saturday evening. Norris
James, *24. is also taking a minor role.
"The First Year" deals with the
perenially humorous events in the
lives of a young married couple, and
is considered one of the finest come
dies produced last season. Professor
Marks, of the School of Engineering,
handles the role of the willing but
young husband in a refreshing man
ner, while Mrs. Marks appears as his
wife. Lynn Bramkamp plays a leading
part as "Tommy Tucker."
Tickets for the production are on
sale at Crandall's and the Cardinal
Hotel.
Lynn Bramkamp and Professor and
Mrs. Guido Marx are among the Stan
ford people appearing in "The First
Year," a comedy by Frank Craven,
which is being presented by the Pen
dragon Players in the Palo Alto Wo
man's Club House at 8:15 o'clock to
night and Saturday evening. Norris
James, *24. is also taking a minor role.
"The First Year" deals with the
perenially humorous events in the
lives of a young married couple, and
is considered one of the finest come
dies produced last season. Professor
Marks, of the School of Engineering,
handles the role of the willing but
young husband in a refreshing man
ner, while Mrs. Marks appears as his
wife. Lynn Bramkamp plays a leading
part as "Tommy Tucker."
Tickets for the production are on
sale at Crandall's and the Cardinal
Hotel.
Lynn Bramkamp and Professor and
Mrs. Guido Marx are among the Stan
ford people appearing in "The First
Year," a comedy by Frank Craven,
which is being presented by the Pen
dragon Players in the Palo Alto Wo
man's Club House at 8:15 o'clock to
night and Saturday evening. Norris
James, *24. is also taking a minor role.
"The First Year" deals with the
perenially humorous events in the
lives of a young married couple, and
is considered one of the finest come
dies produced last season. Professor
Marks, of the School of Engineering,
handles the role of the willing but
young husband in a refreshing man
ner, while Mrs. Marks appears as his
wife. Lynn Bramkamp plays a leading
part as "Tommy Tucker."
Tickets for the production are on
sale at Crandall's and the Cardinal
Hotel.
Lynn Bramkamp and Professor and
Mrs. Guido Marx are among the Stan
ford people appearing in "The First
Year," a comedy by Frank Craven,
which is being presented by the Pen
dragon Players in the Palo Alto Wo
man's Club House at 8:15 o'clock to
night and Saturday evening. Norris
James, *24. is also taking a minor role.
"The First Year" deals with the
perenially humorous events in the
lives of a young married couple, and
is considered one of the finest come
dies produced last season. Professor
Marks, of the School of Engineering,
handles the role of the willing but
young husband in a refreshing man
ner, while Mrs. Marks appears as his
wife. Lynn Bramkamp plays a leading
part as "Tommy Tucker."
Tickets for the production are on
sale at Crandall's and the Cardinal
Hotel.
Lynn Bramkamp and Professor and
Mrs. Guido Marx are among the Stan
ford people appearing in "The First
Year," a comedy by Frank Craven,
which is being presented by the Pen
dragon Players in the Palo Alto Wo
man's Club House at 8:15 o'clock to
night and Saturday evening. Norris
James, *24. is also taking a minor role.
"The First Year" deals with the
perenially humorous events in the
lives of a young married couple, and
is considered one of the finest come
dies produced last season. Professor
Marks, of the School of Engineering,
handles the role of the willing but
young husband in a refreshing man
ner, while Mrs. Marks appears as his
wife. Lynn Bramkamp plays a leading
part as "Tommy Tucker."
Tickets for the production are on
sale at Crandall's and the Cardinal
Hotel.
Lynn Bramkamp and Professor and
Mrs. Guido Marx are among the Stan
ford people appearing in "The First
Year," a comedy by Frank Craven,
which is being presented by the Pen
dragon Players in the Palo Alto Wo
man's Club House at 8:15 o'clock to
night and Saturday evening. Norris
James, *24. is also taking a minor role.
"The First Year" deals with the
perenially humorous events in the
lives of a young married couple, and
is considered one of the finest come
dies produced last season. Professor
Marks, of the School of Engineering,
handles the role of the willing but
young husband in a refreshing man
ner, while Mrs. Marks appears as his
wife. Lynn Bramkamp plays a leading
part as "Tommy Tucker."
Tickets for the production are on
sale at Crandall's and the Cardinal
Hotel.
Lynn Bramkamp and Professor and
Mrs. Guido Marx are among the Stan
ford people appearing in "The First
Year," a comedy by Frank Craven,
which is being presented by the Pen
dragon Players in the Palo Alto Wo
man's Club House at 8:15 o'clock to
night and Saturday evening. Norris
James, *24. is also taking a minor role.
"The First Year" deals with the
perenially humorous events in the
lives of a young married couple, and
is considered one of the finest come
dies produced last season. Professor
Marks, of the School of Engineering,
handles the role of the willing but
young husband in a refreshing man
ner, while Mrs. Marks appears as his
wife. Lynn Bramkamp plays a leading
part as "Tommy Tucker."
Tickets for the production are on
sale at Crandall's and the Cardinal
Hotel.
Lynn Bramkamp and Professor and
Mrs. Guido Marx are among the Stan
ford people appearing in "The First
Year," a comedy by Frank Craven,
which is being presented by the Pen
dragon Players in the Palo Alto Wo
man's Club House at 8:15 o'clock to
night and Saturday evening. Norris
James, *24. is also taking a minor role.
"The First Year" deals with the
perenially humorous events in the
lives of a young married couple, and
is considered one of the finest come
dies produced last season. Professor
Marks, of the School of Engineering,
handles the role of the willing but
young husband in a refreshing man
ner, while Mrs. Marks appears as his
wife. Lynn Bramkamp plays a leading
part as "Tommy Tucker."
Tickets for the production are on
sale at Crandall's and the Cardinal
Hotel.
Lynn Bramkamp and Professor and
Mrs. Guido Marx are among the Stan
ford people appearing in "The First
Year," a comedy by Frank Craven,
which is being presented by the Pen
dragon Players in the Palo Alto Wo
man's Club House at 8:15 o'clock to
night and Saturday evening. Norris
James, *24. is also taking a minor role.
"The First Year" deals with the
perenially humorous events in the
lives of a young married couple, and
is considered one of the finest come
dies produced last season. Professor
Marks, of the School of Engineering,
handles the role of the willing but
young husband in a refreshing man
ner, while Mrs. Marks appears as his
wife. Lynn Bramkamp plays a leading
part as "Tommy Tucker."
Tickets for the production are on
sale at Crandall's and the Cardinal
Hotel.
Lynn Bramkamp and Professor and
Mrs. Guido Marx are among the Stan
ford people appearing in "The First
Year," a comedy by Frank Craven,
which is being presented by the Pen
dragon Players in the Palo Alto Wo
man's Club House at 8:15 o'clock to
night and Saturday evening. Norris
James, *24. is also taking a minor role.
"The First Year" deals with the
perenially humorous events in the
lives of a young married couple, and
is considered one of the finest come
dies produced last season. Professor
Marks, of the School of Engineering,
handles the role of the willing but
young husband in a refreshing man
ner, while Mrs. Marks appears as his
wife. Lynn Bramkamp plays a leading
part as "Tommy Tucker."
Tickets for the production are on
sale at Crandall's and the Cardinal
Hotel.
Lynn Bramkamp and Professor and
Mrs. Guido Marx are among the Stan
ford people appearing in "The First
Year," a comedy by Frank Craven,
which is being presented by the Pen
dragon Players in the Palo Alto Wo
man's Club House at 8:15 o'clock to
night and Saturday evening. Norris
James, *24. is also taking a minor role.
"The First Year" deals with the
perenially humorous events in the
lives of a young married couple, and
is considered one of the finest come
dies produced last season. Professor
Marks, of the School of Engineering,
handles the role of the willing but
young husband in a refreshing man
ner, while Mrs. Marks appears as his
wife. Lynn Bramkamp plays a leading
part as "Tommy Tucker."
Tickets for the production are on
sale at Crandall's and the Cardinal
Hotel.
