# Untitled Article
## 
### 
With only seventeen candidates out
for the Varsity, and three boatloads
of Freshmen. Washington's crew pros
pects are poor according to Coach
Conibear.
With only seventeen candidates out
for the Varsity, and three boatloads
of Freshmen. Washington's crew pros
pects are poor according to Coach
Conibear.
With only seventeen candidates out
for the Varsity, and three boatloads
of Freshmen. Washington's crew pros
pects are poor according to Coach
Conibear.
With only seventeen candidates out
for the Varsity, and three boatloads
of Freshmen. Washington's crew pros
pects are poor according to Coach
Conibear.
With only seventeen candidates out
for the Varsity, and three boatloads
of Freshmen. Washington's crew pros
pects are poor according to Coach
Conibear.
With only seventeen candidates out
for the Varsity, and three boatloads
of Freshmen. Washington's crew pros
pects are poor according to Coach
Conibear.
With only seventeen candidates out
for the Varsity, and three boatloads
of Freshmen. Washington's crew pros
pects are poor according to Coach
Conibear.
With only seventeen candidates out
for the Varsity, and three boatloads
of Freshmen. Washington's crew pros
pects are poor according to Coach
Conibear.
With only seventeen candidates out
for the Varsity, and three boatloads
of Freshmen. Washington's crew pros
pects are poor according to Coach
Conibear.
With only seventeen candidates out
for the Varsity, and three boatloads
of Freshmen. Washington's crew pros
pects are poor according to Coach
Conibear.
With only seventeen candidates out
for the Varsity, and three boatloads
of Freshmen. Washington's crew pros
pects are poor according to Coach
Conibear.
With only seventeen candidates out
for the Varsity, and three boatloads
of Freshmen. Washington's crew pros
pects are poor according to Coach
Conibear.
With only seventeen candidates out
for the Varsity, and three boatloads
of Freshmen. Washington's crew pros
pects are poor according to Coach
Conibear.
