# SOPHOMORE WOMEN ARE ELECTED TO ALCHEMIA
## 
### 
Miss L. M. Aubert, '16, and Miss R.
Oppenheimer, '16, have been elected
to regular membership in Alchemia,
the women's chemistry society. Mrs.
R. E. Swain and Mrs. J. M. Stillman
have been chosen as honorary mem
bers. Alchemia will entertain the
local chapter of Phi Lambda Upsilon
at an informal jolly-up Thursday
evening at the Delta Delta Delta
house.
Miss L. M. Aubert, '16, and Miss R.
Oppenheimer, '16, have been elected
to regular membership in Alchemia,
the women's chemistry society. Mrs.
R. E. Swain and Mrs. J. M. Stillman
have been chosen as honorary mem
bers. Alchemia will entertain the
local chapter of Phi Lambda Upsilon
at an informal jolly-up Thursday
evening at the Delta Delta Delta
house.
Miss L. M. Aubert, '16, and Miss R.
Oppenheimer, '16, have been elected
to regular membership in Alchemia,
the women's chemistry society. Mrs.
R. E. Swain and Mrs. J. M. Stillman
have been chosen as honorary mem
bers. Alchemia will entertain the
local chapter of Phi Lambda Upsilon
at an informal jolly-up Thursday
evening at the Delta Delta Delta
house.
Miss L. M. Aubert, '16, and Miss R.
Oppenheimer, '16, have been elected
to regular membership in Alchemia,
the women's chemistry society. Mrs.
R. E. Swain and Mrs. J. M. Stillman
have been chosen as honorary mem
bers. Alchemia will entertain the
local chapter of Phi Lambda Upsilon
at an informal jolly-up Thursday
evening at the Delta Delta Delta
house.
Miss L. M. Aubert, '16, and Miss R.
Oppenheimer, '16, have been elected
to regular membership in Alchemia,
the women's chemistry society. Mrs.
R. E. Swain and Mrs. J. M. Stillman
have been chosen as honorary mem
bers. Alchemia will entertain the
local chapter of Phi Lambda Upsilon
at an informal jolly-up Thursday
evening at the Delta Delta Delta
house.
Miss L. M. Aubert, '16, and Miss R.
Oppenheimer, '16, have been elected
to regular membership in Alchemia,
the women's chemistry society. Mrs.
R. E. Swain and Mrs. J. M. Stillman
have been chosen as honorary mem
bers. Alchemia will entertain the
local chapter of Phi Lambda Upsilon
at an informal jolly-up Thursday
evening at the Delta Delta Delta
house.
Miss L. M. Aubert, '16, and Miss R.
Oppenheimer, '16, have been elected
to regular membership in Alchemia,
the women's chemistry society. Mrs.
R. E. Swain and Mrs. J. M. Stillman
have been chosen as honorary mem
bers. Alchemia will entertain the
local chapter of Phi Lambda Upsilon
at an informal jolly-up Thursday
evening at the Delta Delta Delta
house.
Miss L. M. Aubert, '16, and Miss R.
Oppenheimer, '16, have been elected
to regular membership in Alchemia,
the women's chemistry society. Mrs.
R. E. Swain and Mrs. J. M. Stillman
have been chosen as honorary mem
bers. Alchemia will entertain the
local chapter of Phi Lambda Upsilon
at an informal jolly-up Thursday
evening at the Delta Delta Delta
house.
Miss L. M. Aubert, '16, and Miss R.
Oppenheimer, '16, have been elected
to regular membership in Alchemia,
the women's chemistry society. Mrs.
R. E. Swain and Mrs. J. M. Stillman
have been chosen as honorary mem
bers. Alchemia will entertain the
local chapter of Phi Lambda Upsilon
at an informal jolly-up Thursday
evening at the Delta Delta Delta
house.
Miss L. M. Aubert, '16, and Miss R.
Oppenheimer, '16, have been elected
to regular membership in Alchemia,
the women's chemistry society. Mrs.
R. E. Swain and Mrs. J. M. Stillman
have been chosen as honorary mem
bers. Alchemia will entertain the
local chapter of Phi Lambda Upsilon
at an informal jolly-up Thursday
evening at the Delta Delta Delta
house.
Miss L. M. Aubert, '16, and Miss R.
Oppenheimer, '16, have been elected
to regular membership in Alchemia,
the women's chemistry society. Mrs.
R. E. Swain and Mrs. J. M. Stillman
have been chosen as honorary mem
bers. Alchemia will entertain the
local chapter of Phi Lambda Upsilon
at an informal jolly-up Thursday
evening at the Delta Delta Delta
house.
Miss L. M. Aubert, '16, and Miss R.
Oppenheimer, '16, have been elected
to regular membership in Alchemia,
the women's chemistry society. Mrs.
R. E. Swain and Mrs. J. M. Stillman
have been chosen as honorary mem
bers. Alchemia will entertain the
local chapter of Phi Lambda Upsilon
at an informal jolly-up Thursday
evening at the Delta Delta Delta
house.
Miss L. M. Aubert, '16, and Miss R.
Oppenheimer, '16, have been elected
to regular membership in Alchemia,
the women's chemistry society. Mrs.
R. E. Swain and Mrs. J. M. Stillman
have been chosen as honorary mem
bers. Alchemia will entertain the
local chapter of Phi Lambda Upsilon
at an informal jolly-up Thursday
evening at the Delta Delta Delta
house.
