# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Today
Today is May 6, and Willie
Mays is celebrating his 41st
birthday by sitting on the
bench with a sore shoulder. It
may not be the happiest
birthday he's ever spent, but
then again, May 6 has never
been a great day for big stars.
Just last year, the king of the
silver screen and Sacramento
politics Ronald Reagan was
forced to eat his words and
dose the state colleges and
universities in the wake of the
Cambodia demonstrations.
If you catch a falling star,
call our news office at x 4632.
Or better yet, put it in your
pocket and call Perry Como at
213-275 9381. The business
office is taking ads at
327-4150.
Today
Today is May 6, and Willie
Mays is celebrating his 41st
birthday by sitting on the
bench with a sore shoulder. It
may not be the happiest
birthday he's ever spent, but
then again, May 6 has never
been a great day for big stars.
Just last year, the king of the
silver screen and Sacramento
politics Ronald Reagan was
forced to eat his words and
dose the state colleges and
universities in the wake of the
Cambodia demonstrations.
If you catch a falling star,
call our news office at x 4632.
Or better yet, put it in your
pocket and call Perry Como at
213-275 9381. The business
office is taking ads at
327-4150.
Today
Today is May 6, and Willie
Mays is celebrating his 41st
birthday by sitting on the
bench with a sore shoulder. It
may not be the happiest
birthday he's ever spent, but
then again, May 6 has never
been a great day for big stars.
Just last year, the king of the
silver screen and Sacramento
politics Ronald Reagan was
forced to eat his words and
dose the state colleges and
universities in the wake of the
Cambodia demonstrations.
If you catch a falling star,
call our news office at x 4632.
Or better yet, put it in your
pocket and call Perry Como at
213-275 9381. The business
office is taking ads at
327-4150.
Today
Today is May 6, and Willie
Mays is celebrating his 41st
birthday by sitting on the
bench with a sore shoulder. It
may not be the happiest
birthday he's ever spent, but
then again, May 6 has never
been a great day for big stars.
Just last year, the king of the
silver screen and Sacramento
politics Ronald Reagan was
forced to eat his words and
dose the state colleges and
universities in the wake of the
Cambodia demonstrations.
If you catch a falling star,
call our news office at x 4632.
Or better yet, put it in your
pocket and call Perry Como at
213-275 9381. The business
office is taking ads at
327-4150.
Today
Today is May 6, and Willie
Mays is celebrating his 41st
birthday by sitting on the
bench with a sore shoulder. It
may not be the happiest
birthday he's ever spent, but
then again, May 6 has never
been a great day for big stars.
Just last year, the king of the
silver screen and Sacramento
politics Ronald Reagan was
forced to eat his words and
dose the state colleges and
universities in the wake of the
Cambodia demonstrations.
If you catch a falling star,
call our news office at x 4632.
Or better yet, put it in your
pocket and call Perry Como at
213-275 9381. The business
office is taking ads at
327-4150.
Today
Today is May 6, and Willie
Mays is celebrating his 41st
birthday by sitting on the
bench with a sore shoulder. It
may not be the happiest
birthday he's ever spent, but
then again, May 6 has never
been a great day for big stars.
Just last year, the king of the
silver screen and Sacramento
politics Ronald Reagan was
forced to eat his words and
dose the state colleges and
universities in the wake of the
Cambodia demonstrations.
If you catch a falling star,
call our news office at x 4632.
Or better yet, put it in your
pocket and call Perry Como at
213-275 9381. The business
office is taking ads at
327-4150.
Today
Today is May 6, and Willie
Mays is celebrating his 41st
birthday by sitting on the
bench with a sore shoulder. It
may not be the happiest
birthday he's ever spent, but
then again, May 6 has never
been a great day for big stars.
Just last year, the king of the
silver screen and Sacramento
politics Ronald Reagan was
forced to eat his words and
dose the state colleges and
universities in the wake of the
Cambodia demonstrations.
If you catch a falling star,
call our news office at x 4632.
Or better yet, put it in your
pocket and call Perry Como at
213-275 9381. The business
office is taking ads at
327-4150.
Today
Today is May 6, and Willie
Mays is celebrating his 41st
birthday by sitting on the
bench with a sore shoulder. It
may not be the happiest
birthday he's ever spent, but
then again, May 6 has never
been a great day for big stars.
Just last year, the king of the
silver screen and Sacramento
politics Ronald Reagan was
forced to eat his words and
dose the state colleges and
universities in the wake of the
Cambodia demonstrations.
If you catch a falling star,
call our news office at x 4632.
Or better yet, put it in your
pocket and call Perry Como at
213-275 9381. The business
office is taking ads at
327-4150.
Today
Today is May 6, and Willie
Mays is celebrating his 41st
birthday by sitting on the
bench with a sore shoulder. It
may not be the happiest
birthday he's ever spent, but
then again, May 6 has never
been a great day for big stars.
Just last year, the king of the
silver screen and Sacramento
politics Ronald Reagan was
forced to eat his words and
dose the state colleges and
universities in the wake of the
Cambodia demonstrations.
If you catch a falling star,
call our news office at x 4632.
Or better yet, put it in your
pocket and call Perry Como at
213-275 9381. The business
office is taking ads at
327-4150.
Today
Today is May 6, and Willie
Mays is celebrating his 41st
birthday by sitting on the
bench with a sore shoulder. It
may not be the happiest
birthday he's ever spent, but
then again, May 6 has never
been a great day for big stars.
Just last year, the king of the
silver screen and Sacramento
politics Ronald Reagan was
forced to eat his words and
dose the state colleges and
universities in the wake of the
Cambodia demonstrations.
If you catch a falling star,
call our news office at x 4632.
Or better yet, put it in your
pocket and call Perry Como at
213-275 9381. The business
office is taking ads at
327-4150.
Today
Today is May 6, and Willie
Mays is celebrating his 41st
birthday by sitting on the
bench with a sore shoulder. It
may not be the happiest
birthday he's ever spent, but
then again, May 6 has never
been a great day for big stars.
Just last year, the king of the
silver screen and Sacramento
politics Ronald Reagan was
forced to eat his words and
dose the state colleges and
universities in the wake of the
Cambodia demonstrations.
If you catch a falling star,
call our news office at x 4632.
Or better yet, put it in your
pocket and call Perry Como at
213-275 9381. The business
office is taking ads at
327-4150.
Today
Today is May 6, and Willie
Mays is celebrating his 41st
birthday by sitting on the
bench with a sore shoulder. It
may not be the happiest
birthday he's ever spent, but
then again, May 6 has never
been a great day for big stars.
Just last year, the king of the
silver screen and Sacramento
politics Ronald Reagan was
forced to eat his words and
dose the state colleges and
universities in the wake of the
Cambodia demonstrations.
If you catch a falling star,
call our news office at x 4632.
Or better yet, put it in your
pocket and call Perry Como at
213-275 9381. The business
office is taking ads at
327-4150.
Today
Today is May 6, and Willie
Mays is celebrating his 41st
birthday by sitting on the
bench with a sore shoulder. It
may not be the happiest
birthday he's ever spent, but
then again, May 6 has never
been a great day for big stars.
Just last year, the king of the
silver screen and Sacramento
politics Ronald Reagan was
forced to eat his words and
dose the state colleges and
universities in the wake of the
Cambodia demonstrations.
If you catch a falling star,
call our news office at x 4632.
Or better yet, put it in your
pocket and call Perry Como at
213-275 9381. The business
office is taking ads at
327-4150.
