# Librarian Schmidt to Leave.
## 
### 
A. F. W. Schmidt, assistant
librarian and former instructor in
German, has been granted leave of
absence until the first of next Feb
ruary.
A. F. W. Schmidt, assistant
librarian and former instructor in
German, has been granted leave of
absence until the first of next Feb
ruary.
A. F. W. Schmidt, assistant
librarian and former instructor in
German, has been granted leave of
absence until the first of next Feb
ruary.
A. F. W. Schmidt, assistant
librarian and former instructor in
German, has been granted leave of
absence until the first of next Feb
ruary.
A. F. W. Schmidt, assistant
librarian and former instructor in
German, has been granted leave of
absence until the first of next Feb
ruary.
A. F. W. Schmidt, assistant
librarian and former instructor in
German, has been granted leave of
absence until the first of next Feb
ruary.
A. F. W. Schmidt, assistant
librarian and former instructor in
German, has been granted leave of
absence until the first of next Feb
ruary.
