# Leading Events.
## 
### 
Brief services were held yester
day over the remains of President
McKinley at the Mil burn house,
Buffalo. Rev. Charles Edward
Locke, formerly of San Francisco,
who has spoken in the Stanford
chapel, made, the remarks of the
occasion. In the afternoon the
body lay instate at the Buffalo
City Hall. Today it was taken to
Washington City, where it will lie
in the capitol until after funeral
services Tuesday morning, after
which it will he taken to Canton
for the final obsequies and inter
ment.
Brief services were held yester
day over the remains of President
McKinley at the Mil burn house,
Buffalo. Rev. Charles Edward
Locke, formerly of San Francisco,
who has spoken in the Stanford
chapel, made, the remarks of the
occasion. In the afternoon the
body lay instate at the Buffalo
City Hall. Today it was taken to
Washington City, where it will lie
in the capitol until after funeral
services Tuesday morning, after
which it will he taken to Canton
for the final obsequies and inter
ment.
Brief services were held yester
day over the remains of President
McKinley at the Mil burn house,
Buffalo. Rev. Charles Edward
Locke, formerly of San Francisco,
who has spoken in the Stanford
chapel, made, the remarks of the
occasion. In the afternoon the
body lay instate at the Buffalo
City Hall. Today it was taken to
Washington City, where it will lie
in the capitol until after funeral
services Tuesday morning, after
which it will he taken to Canton
for the final obsequies and inter
ment.
Brief services were held yester
day over the remains of President
McKinley at the Mil burn house,
Buffalo. Rev. Charles Edward
Locke, formerly of San Francisco,
who has spoken in the Stanford
chapel, made, the remarks of the
occasion. In the afternoon the
body lay instate at the Buffalo
City Hall. Today it was taken to
Washington City, where it will lie
in the capitol until after funeral
services Tuesday morning, after
which it will he taken to Canton
for the final obsequies and inter
ment.
Brief services were held yester
day over the remains of President
McKinley at the Mil burn house,
Buffalo. Rev. Charles Edward
Locke, formerly of San Francisco,
who has spoken in the Stanford
chapel, made, the remarks of the
occasion. In the afternoon the
body lay instate at the Buffalo
City Hall. Today it was taken to
Washington City, where it will lie
in the capitol until after funeral
services Tuesday morning, after
which it will he taken to Canton
for the final obsequies and inter
ment.
Brief services were held yester
day over the remains of President
McKinley at the Mil burn house,
Buffalo. Rev. Charles Edward
Locke, formerly of San Francisco,
who has spoken in the Stanford
chapel, made, the remarks of the
occasion. In the afternoon the
body lay instate at the Buffalo
City Hall. Today it was taken to
Washington City, where it will lie
in the capitol until after funeral
services Tuesday morning, after
which it will he taken to Canton
for the final obsequies and inter
ment.
Brief services were held yester
day over the remains of President
McKinley at the Mil burn house,
Buffalo. Rev. Charles Edward
Locke, formerly of San Francisco,
who has spoken in the Stanford
chapel, made, the remarks of the
occasion. In the afternoon the
body lay instate at the Buffalo
City Hall. Today it was taken to
Washington City, where it will lie
in the capitol until after funeral
services Tuesday morning, after
which it will he taken to Canton
for the final obsequies and inter
ment.
