# Craig Fireside Tonight
## 
### 
Students who signed up for the
open house at Dean William C.
Craig's house following tonight's
lecture by James Bryant Conant
are requested to meet to the left
of Memorial Auditorium after the
lecture.
Students who signed up for the
open house at Dean William C.
Craig's house following tonight's
lecture by James Bryant Conant
are requested to meet to the left
of Memorial Auditorium after the
lecture.
Students who signed up for the
open house at Dean William C.
Craig's house following tonight's
lecture by James Bryant Conant
are requested to meet to the left
of Memorial Auditorium after the
lecture.
Students who signed up for the
open house at Dean William C.
Craig's house following tonight's
lecture by James Bryant Conant
are requested to meet to the left
of Memorial Auditorium after the
lecture.
Students who signed up for the
open house at Dean William C.
Craig's house following tonight's
lecture by James Bryant Conant
are requested to meet to the left
of Memorial Auditorium after the
lecture.
Students who signed up for the
open house at Dean William C.
Craig's house following tonight's
lecture by James Bryant Conant
are requested to meet to the left
of Memorial Auditorium after the
lecture.
Students who signed up for the
open house at Dean William C.
Craig's house following tonight's
lecture by James Bryant Conant
are requested to meet to the left
of Memorial Auditorium after the
lecture.
Students who signed up for the
open house at Dean William C.
Craig's house following tonight's
lecture by James Bryant Conant
are requested to meet to the left
of Memorial Auditorium after the
lecture.
Students who signed up for the
open house at Dean William C.
Craig's house following tonight's
lecture by James Bryant Conant
are requested to meet to the left
of Memorial Auditorium after the
lecture.
Students who signed up for the
open house at Dean William C.
Craig's house following tonight's
lecture by James Bryant Conant
are requested to meet to the left
of Memorial Auditorium after the
lecture.
Students who signed up for the
open house at Dean William C.
Craig's house following tonight's
lecture by James Bryant Conant
are requested to meet to the left
of Memorial Auditorium after the
lecture.
Students who signed up for the
open house at Dean William C.
Craig's house following tonight's
lecture by James Bryant Conant
are requested to meet to the left
of Memorial Auditorium after the
lecture.
Students who signed up for the
open house at Dean William C.
Craig's house following tonight's
lecture by James Bryant Conant
are requested to meet to the left
of Memorial Auditorium after the
lecture.
Students who signed up for the
open house at Dean William C.
Craig's house following tonight's
lecture by James Bryant Conant
are requested to meet to the left
of Memorial Auditorium after the
lecture.
Students who signed up for the
open house at Dean William C.
Craig's house following tonight's
lecture by James Bryant Conant
are requested to meet to the left
of Memorial Auditorium after the
lecture.
Students who signed up for the
open house at Dean William C.
Craig's house following tonight's
lecture by James Bryant Conant
are requested to meet to the left
of Memorial Auditorium after the
lecture.
