# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Sally Wolfe, '59,
to Burton Dole, Delta Tau Delta,
'59.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Sally Wolfe, '59,
to Burton Dole, Delta Tau Delta,
'59.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Sally Wolfe, '59,
to Burton Dole, Delta Tau Delta,
'59.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Sally Wolfe, '59,
to Burton Dole, Delta Tau Delta,
'59.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Sally Wolfe, '59,
to Burton Dole, Delta Tau Delta,
'59.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Sally Wolfe, '59,
to Burton Dole, Delta Tau Delta,
'59.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Sally Wolfe, '59,
to Burton Dole, Delta Tau Delta,
'59.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Sally Wolfe, '59,
to Burton Dole, Delta Tau Delta,
'59.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Sally Wolfe, '59,
to Burton Dole, Delta Tau Delta,
'59.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Sally Wolfe, '59,
to Burton Dole, Delta Tau Delta,
'59.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Sally Wolfe, '59,
to Burton Dole, Delta Tau Delta,
'59.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Sally Wolfe, '59,
to Burton Dole, Delta Tau Delta,
'59.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Sally Wolfe, '59,
to Burton Dole, Delta Tau Delta,
'59.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Sally Wolfe, '59,
to Burton Dole, Delta Tau Delta,
'59.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Sally Wolfe, '59,
to Burton Dole, Delta Tau Delta,
'59.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Sally Wolfe, '59,
to Burton Dole, Delta Tau Delta,
'59.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Sally Wolfe, '59,
to Burton Dole, Delta Tau Delta,
'59.
