# Meet the Cards
## 
### 
Von Wronski is a two-year
veteran and last year played
behind first-string All-Ameri
can catcher Ralph Holding. This
season he has come into his
own and led the Indians in hit
ting through early games. Has
also pitched and played tin 1 in
field last season. Six-two, 188
pounds, he is from San Fran
cisco.

Winter was co-captain of the
strong 1957 Papooses but saw
mostly JV action last season
playing behind Holding and von
Wronski. lie topped the Braves
in runs batted in. Has good
power, marvelous arm. As a
prepper he was battery mate
for the Giants' Mike McCor
mick. Six feet, 175, from San
Gabriel.


ART VON WICONSKI
( a(cliÂ«'r


JAY WINTKR
Catcher
