# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The cameras in a Lockheed
"Lightning" Hying at 30.00 feet can
record tire tracks, according to Fly
ing magazine.
The cameras in a Lockheed
"Lightning" Hying at 30.00 feet can
record tire tracks, according to Fly
ing magazine.
The cameras in a Lockheed
"Lightning" Hying at 30.00 feet can
record tire tracks, according to Fly
ing magazine.
The cameras in a Lockheed
"Lightning" Hying at 30.00 feet can
record tire tracks, according to Fly
ing magazine.
The cameras in a Lockheed
"Lightning" Hying at 30.00 feet can
record tire tracks, according to Fly
ing magazine.
The cameras in a Lockheed
"Lightning" Hying at 30.00 feet can
record tire tracks, according to Fly
ing magazine.
The cameras in a Lockheed
"Lightning" Hying at 30.00 feet can
record tire tracks, according to Fly
ing magazine.
The cameras in a Lockheed
"Lightning" Hying at 30.00 feet can
record tire tracks, according to Fly
ing magazine.
The cameras in a Lockheed
"Lightning" Hying at 30.00 feet can
record tire tracks, according to Fly
ing magazine.
The cameras in a Lockheed
"Lightning" Hying at 30.00 feet can
record tire tracks, according to Fly
ing magazine.
The cameras in a Lockheed
"Lightning" Hying at 30.00 feet can
record tire tracks, according to Fly
ing magazine.
The cameras in a Lockheed
"Lightning" Hying at 30.00 feet can
record tire tracks, according to Fly
ing magazine.
The cameras in a Lockheed
"Lightning" Hying at 30.00 feet can
record tire tracks, according to Fly
ing magazine.
The cameras in a Lockheed
"Lightning" Hying at 30.00 feet can
record tire tracks, according to Fly
ing magazine.
The cameras in a Lockheed
"Lightning" Hying at 30.00 feet can
record tire tracks, according to Fly
ing magazine.
The cameras in a Lockheed
"Lightning" Hying at 30.00 feet can
record tire tracks, according to Fly
ing magazine.
