# Ex-Stanfordite Named To Naval Academy
## 
### 
Robert Franklin Ennis, former
Stanford student, received an ap
pointment to the United States Na
val Academy in Annapolis, Md. He
was named by Congressman B. W.
Gearhart of Fresno.
Ennis is a native of San Francisco;
'ie was graduated from Fresno High
School. Subsequently, he attended
Stanford where he was affiliated
with Sigma Chi fraternity.
Robert Franklin Ennis, former
Stanford student, received an ap
pointment to the United States Na
val Academy in Annapolis, Md. He
was named by Congressman B. W.
Gearhart of Fresno.
Ennis is a native of San Francisco;
'ie was graduated from Fresno High
School. Subsequently, he attended
Stanford where he was affiliated
with Sigma Chi fraternity.
Robert Franklin Ennis, former
Stanford student, received an ap
pointment to the United States Na
val Academy in Annapolis, Md. He
was named by Congressman B. W.
Gearhart of Fresno.
Ennis is a native of San Francisco;
'ie was graduated from Fresno High
School. Subsequently, he attended
Stanford where he was affiliated
with Sigma Chi fraternity.
Robert Franklin Ennis, former
Stanford student, received an ap
pointment to the United States Na
val Academy in Annapolis, Md. He
was named by Congressman B. W.
Gearhart of Fresno.
Ennis is a native of San Francisco;
'ie was graduated from Fresno High
School. Subsequently, he attended
Stanford where he was affiliated
with Sigma Chi fraternity.
Robert Franklin Ennis, former
Stanford student, received an ap
pointment to the United States Na
val Academy in Annapolis, Md. He
was named by Congressman B. W.
Gearhart of Fresno.
Ennis is a native of San Francisco;
'ie was graduated from Fresno High
School. Subsequently, he attended
Stanford where he was affiliated
with Sigma Chi fraternity.
Robert Franklin Ennis, former
Stanford student, received an ap
pointment to the United States Na
val Academy in Annapolis, Md. He
was named by Congressman B. W.
Gearhart of Fresno.
Ennis is a native of San Francisco;
'ie was graduated from Fresno High
School. Subsequently, he attended
Stanford where he was affiliated
with Sigma Chi fraternity.
Robert Franklin Ennis, former
Stanford student, received an ap
pointment to the United States Na
val Academy in Annapolis, Md. He
was named by Congressman B. W.
Gearhart of Fresno.
Ennis is a native of San Francisco;
'ie was graduated from Fresno High
School. Subsequently, he attended
Stanford where he was affiliated
with Sigma Chi fraternity.
Robert Franklin Ennis, former
Stanford student, received an ap
pointment to the United States Na
val Academy in Annapolis, Md. He
was named by Congressman B. W.
Gearhart of Fresno.
Ennis is a native of San Francisco;
'ie was graduated from Fresno High
School. Subsequently, he attended
Stanford where he was affiliated
with Sigma Chi fraternity.
Robert Franklin Ennis, former
Stanford student, received an ap
pointment to the United States Na
val Academy in Annapolis, Md. He
was named by Congressman B. W.
Gearhart of Fresno.
Ennis is a native of San Francisco;
'ie was graduated from Fresno High
School. Subsequently, he attended
Stanford where he was affiliated
with Sigma Chi fraternity.
Robert Franklin Ennis, former
Stanford student, received an ap
pointment to the United States Na
val Academy in Annapolis, Md. He
was named by Congressman B. W.
Gearhart of Fresno.
Ennis is a native of San Francisco;
'ie was graduated from Fresno High
School. Subsequently, he attended
Stanford where he was affiliated
with Sigma Chi fraternity.
Robert Franklin Ennis, former
Stanford student, received an ap
pointment to the United States Na
val Academy in Annapolis, Md. He
was named by Congressman B. W.
Gearhart of Fresno.
Ennis is a native of San Francisco;
'ie was graduated from Fresno High
School. Subsequently, he attended
Stanford where he was affiliated
with Sigma Chi fraternity.
Robert Franklin Ennis, former
Stanford student, received an ap
pointment to the United States Na
val Academy in Annapolis, Md. He
was named by Congressman B. W.
Gearhart of Fresno.
Ennis is a native of San Francisco;
'ie was graduated from Fresno High
School. Subsequently, he attended
Stanford where he was affiliated
with Sigma Chi fraternity.
Robert Franklin Ennis, former
Stanford student, received an ap
pointment to the United States Na
val Academy in Annapolis, Md. He
was named by Congressman B. W.
Gearhart of Fresno.
Ennis is a native of San Francisco;
'ie was graduated from Fresno High
School. Subsequently, he attended
Stanford where he was affiliated
with Sigma Chi fraternity.
Robert Franklin Ennis, former
Stanford student, received an ap
pointment to the United States Na
val Academy in Annapolis, Md. He
was named by Congressman B. W.
Gearhart of Fresno.
Ennis is a native of San Francisco;
'ie was graduated from Fresno High
School. Subsequently, he attended
Stanford where he was affiliated
with Sigma Chi fraternity.
Robert Franklin Ennis, former
Stanford student, received an ap
pointment to the United States Na
val Academy in Annapolis, Md. He
was named by Congressman B. W.
Gearhart of Fresno.
Ennis is a native of San Francisco;
'ie was graduated from Fresno High
School. Subsequently, he attended
Stanford where he was affiliated
with Sigma Chi fraternity.
Robert Franklin Ennis, former
Stanford student, received an ap
pointment to the United States Na
val Academy in Annapolis, Md. He
was named by Congressman B. W.
Gearhart of Fresno.
Ennis is a native of San Francisco;
'ie was graduated from Fresno High
School. Subsequently, he attended
Stanford where he was affiliated
with Sigma Chi fraternity.
