# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Six members of the famed Marine Corps Fighter Squadron 121, including America's No. 1 flying ace.
Major Joe Foss (holding shotgun), gather for a reunion at the Marine Corps Air Station, Santa Bar
bara, Calif. The meeting was planned a year ago on Guadalcanal, where Major Foss and his five bud
dies shot down 49 planes. Left to right: Captain Arthur N. Nehf, Phoenix, Ariz.; 3lajor Foss of Sioux
Falls, S. D.; Lieut. Col. Leonard K. Davis, Coronado, Calif.; Captains Wallace G. Wethe, Minneapolis,
Minn.; William Freeman, Bonham, Tex., and Samuel B. Folsom (kneeling) of Peabody, Mass.

Six members of the famed Marine Corps Fighter Squadron 121, including America's No. 1 flying ace.
Major Joe Foss (holding shotgun), gather for a reunion at the Marine Corps Air Station, Santa Bar
bara, Calif. The meeting was planned a year ago on Guadalcanal, where Major Foss and his five bud
dies shot down 49 planes. Left to right: Captain Arthur N. Nehf, Phoenix, Ariz.; 3lajor Foss of Sioux
Falls, S. D.; Lieut. Col. Leonard K. Davis, Coronado, Calif.; Captains Wallace G. Wethe, Minneapolis,
Minn.; William Freeman, Bonham, Tex., and Samuel B. Folsom (kneeling) of Peabody, Mass.

Six members of the famed Marine Corps Fighter Squadron 121, including America's No. 1 flying ace.
Major Joe Foss (holding shotgun), gather for a reunion at the Marine Corps Air Station, Santa Bar
bara, Calif. The meeting was planned a year ago on Guadalcanal, where Major Foss and his five bud
dies shot down 49 planes. Left to right: Captain Arthur N. Nehf, Phoenix, Ariz.; 3lajor Foss of Sioux
Falls, S. D.; Lieut. Col. Leonard K. Davis, Coronado, Calif.; Captains Wallace G. Wethe, Minneapolis,
Minn.; William Freeman, Bonham, Tex., and Samuel B. Folsom (kneeling) of Peabody, Mass.

Six members of the famed Marine Corps Fighter Squadron 121, including America's No. 1 flying ace.
Major Joe Foss (holding shotgun), gather for a reunion at the Marine Corps Air Station, Santa Bar
bara, Calif. The meeting was planned a year ago on Guadalcanal, where Major Foss and his five bud
dies shot down 49 planes. Left to right: Captain Arthur N. Nehf, Phoenix, Ariz.; 3lajor Foss of Sioux
Falls, S. D.; Lieut. Col. Leonard K. Davis, Coronado, Calif.; Captains Wallace G. Wethe, Minneapolis,
Minn.; William Freeman, Bonham, Tex., and Samuel B. Folsom (kneeling) of Peabody, Mass.

Six members of the famed Marine Corps Fighter Squadron 121, including America's No. 1 flying ace.
Major Joe Foss (holding shotgun), gather for a reunion at the Marine Corps Air Station, Santa Bar
bara, Calif. The meeting was planned a year ago on Guadalcanal, where Major Foss and his five bud
dies shot down 49 planes. Left to right: Captain Arthur N. Nehf, Phoenix, Ariz.; 3lajor Foss of Sioux
Falls, S. D.; Lieut. Col. Leonard K. Davis, Coronado, Calif.; Captains Wallace G. Wethe, Minneapolis,
Minn.; William Freeman, Bonham, Tex., and Samuel B. Folsom (kneeling) of Peabody, Mass.

Six members of the famed Marine Corps Fighter Squadron 121, including America's No. 1 flying ace.
Major Joe Foss (holding shotgun), gather for a reunion at the Marine Corps Air Station, Santa Bar
bara, Calif. The meeting was planned a year ago on Guadalcanal, where Major Foss and his five bud
dies shot down 49 planes. Left to right: Captain Arthur N. Nehf, Phoenix, Ariz.; 3lajor Foss of Sioux
Falls, S. D.; Lieut. Col. Leonard K. Davis, Coronado, Calif.; Captains Wallace G. Wethe, Minneapolis,
Minn.; William Freeman, Bonham, Tex., and Samuel B. Folsom (kneeling) of Peabody, Mass.

Six members of the famed Marine Corps Fighter Squadron 121, including America's No. 1 flying ace.
Major Joe Foss (holding shotgun), gather for a reunion at the Marine Corps Air Station, Santa Bar
bara, Calif. The meeting was planned a year ago on Guadalcanal, where Major Foss and his five bud
dies shot down 49 planes. Left to right: Captain Arthur N. Nehf, Phoenix, Ariz.; 3lajor Foss of Sioux
Falls, S. D.; Lieut. Col. Leonard K. Davis, Coronado, Calif.; Captains Wallace G. Wethe, Minneapolis,
Minn.; William Freeman, Bonham, Tex., and Samuel B. Folsom (kneeling) of Peabody, Mass.

Six members of the famed Marine Corps Fighter Squadron 121, including America's No. 1 flying ace.
Major Joe Foss (holding shotgun), gather for a reunion at the Marine Corps Air Station, Santa Bar
bara, Calif. The meeting was planned a year ago on Guadalcanal, where Major Foss and his five bud
dies shot down 49 planes. Left to right: Captain Arthur N. Nehf, Phoenix, Ariz.; 3lajor Foss of Sioux
Falls, S. D.; Lieut. Col. Leonard K. Davis, Coronado, Calif.; Captains Wallace G. Wethe, Minneapolis,
Minn.; William Freeman, Bonham, Tex., and Samuel B. Folsom (kneeling) of Peabody, Mass.

Six members of the famed Marine Corps Fighter Squadron 121, including America's No. 1 flying ace.
Major Joe Foss (holding shotgun), gather for a reunion at the Marine Corps Air Station, Santa Bar
bara, Calif. The meeting was planned a year ago on Guadalcanal, where Major Foss and his five bud
dies shot down 49 planes. Left to right: Captain Arthur N. Nehf, Phoenix, Ariz.; 3lajor Foss of Sioux
Falls, S. D.; Lieut. Col. Leonard K. Davis, Coronado, Calif.; Captains Wallace G. Wethe, Minneapolis,
Minn.; William Freeman, Bonham, Tex., and Samuel B. Folsom (kneeling) of Peabody, Mass.

Six members of the famed Marine Corps Fighter Squadron 121, including America's No. 1 flying ace.
Major Joe Foss (holding shotgun), gather for a reunion at the Marine Corps Air Station, Santa Bar
bara, Calif. The meeting was planned a year ago on Guadalcanal, where Major Foss and his five bud
dies shot down 49 planes. Left to right: Captain Arthur N. Nehf, Phoenix, Ariz.; 3lajor Foss of Sioux
Falls, S. D.; Lieut. Col. Leonard K. Davis, Coronado, Calif.; Captains Wallace G. Wethe, Minneapolis,
Minn.; William Freeman, Bonham, Tex., and Samuel B. Folsom (kneeling) of Peabody, Mass.

Six members of the famed Marine Corps Fighter Squadron 121, including America's No. 1 flying ace.
Major Joe Foss (holding shotgun), gather for a reunion at the Marine Corps Air Station, Santa Bar
bara, Calif. The meeting was planned a year ago on Guadalcanal, where Major Foss and his five bud
dies shot down 49 planes. Left to right: Captain Arthur N. Nehf, Phoenix, Ariz.; 3lajor Foss of Sioux
Falls, S. D.; Lieut. Col. Leonard K. Davis, Coronado, Calif.; Captains Wallace G. Wethe, Minneapolis,
Minn.; William Freeman, Bonham, Tex., and Samuel B. Folsom (kneeling) of Peabody, Mass.

Six members of the famed Marine Corps Fighter Squadron 121, including America's No. 1 flying ace.
Major Joe Foss (holding shotgun), gather for a reunion at the Marine Corps Air Station, Santa Bar
bara, Calif. The meeting was planned a year ago on Guadalcanal, where Major Foss and his five bud
dies shot down 49 planes. Left to right: Captain Arthur N. Nehf, Phoenix, Ariz.; 3lajor Foss of Sioux
Falls, S. D.; Lieut. Col. Leonard K. Davis, Coronado, Calif.; Captains Wallace G. Wethe, Minneapolis,
Minn.; William Freeman, Bonham, Tex., and Samuel B. Folsom (kneeling) of Peabody, Mass.

Six members of the famed Marine Corps Fighter Squadron 121, including America's No. 1 flying ace.
Major Joe Foss (holding shotgun), gather for a reunion at the Marine Corps Air Station, Santa Bar
bara, Calif. The meeting was planned a year ago on Guadalcanal, where Major Foss and his five bud
dies shot down 49 planes. Left to right: Captain Arthur N. Nehf, Phoenix, Ariz.; 3lajor Foss of Sioux
Falls, S. D.; Lieut. Col. Leonard K. Davis, Coronado, Calif.; Captains Wallace G. Wethe, Minneapolis,
Minn.; William Freeman, Bonham, Tex., and Samuel B. Folsom (kneeling) of Peabody, Mass.

Six members of the famed Marine Corps Fighter Squadron 121, including America's No. 1 flying ace.
Major Joe Foss (holding shotgun), gather for a reunion at the Marine Corps Air Station, Santa Bar
bara, Calif. The meeting was planned a year ago on Guadalcanal, where Major Foss and his five bud
dies shot down 49 planes. Left to right: Captain Arthur N. Nehf, Phoenix, Ariz.; 3lajor Foss of Sioux
Falls, S. D.; Lieut. Col. Leonard K. Davis, Coronado, Calif.; Captains Wallace G. Wethe, Minneapolis,
Minn.; William Freeman, Bonham, Tex., and Samuel B. Folsom (kneeling) of Peabody, Mass.

Six members of the famed Marine Corps Fighter Squadron 121, including America's No. 1 flying ace.
Major Joe Foss (holding shotgun), gather for a reunion at the Marine Corps Air Station, Santa Bar
bara, Calif. The meeting was planned a year ago on Guadalcanal, where Major Foss and his five bud
dies shot down 49 planes. Left to right: Captain Arthur N. Nehf, Phoenix, Ariz.; 3lajor Foss of Sioux
Falls, S. D.; Lieut. Col. Leonard K. Davis, Coronado, Calif.; Captains Wallace G. Wethe, Minneapolis,
Minn.; William Freeman, Bonham, Tex., and Samuel B. Folsom (kneeling) of Peabody, Mass.

Six members of the famed Marine Corps Fighter Squadron 121, including America's No. 1 flying ace.
Major Joe Foss (holding shotgun), gather for a reunion at the Marine Corps Air Station, Santa Bar
bara, Calif. The meeting was planned a year ago on Guadalcanal, where Major Foss and his five bud
dies shot down 49 planes. Left to right: Captain Arthur N. Nehf, Phoenix, Ariz.; 3lajor Foss of Sioux
Falls, S. D.; Lieut. Col. Leonard K. Davis, Coronado, Calif.; Captains Wallace G. Wethe, Minneapolis,
Minn.; William Freeman, Bonham, Tex., and Samuel B. Folsom (kneeling) of Peabody, Mass.
