# 'A' COUPON UNCHANGED
## 
### 
No reduction in the value of the
"A" mileage ration is to occur dur
ing the next period, it was learned
from the Palo Alto War Ration Board
today. "A" coupons will continue to
be worth three gallons. The number
9 "A" coupons expire today, Jan. 21
and number 10 tickets become valid
on Jan. 22.
No reduction in the value of the
"A" mileage ration is to occur dur
ing the next period, it was learned
from the Palo Alto War Ration Board
today. "A" coupons will continue to
be worth three gallons. The number
9 "A" coupons expire today, Jan. 21
and number 10 tickets become valid
on Jan. 22.
No reduction in the value of the
"A" mileage ration is to occur dur
ing the next period, it was learned
from the Palo Alto War Ration Board
today. "A" coupons will continue to
be worth three gallons. The number
9 "A" coupons expire today, Jan. 21
and number 10 tickets become valid
on Jan. 22.
No reduction in the value of the
"A" mileage ration is to occur dur
ing the next period, it was learned
from the Palo Alto War Ration Board
today. "A" coupons will continue to
be worth three gallons. The number
9 "A" coupons expire today, Jan. 21
and number 10 tickets become valid
on Jan. 22.
No reduction in the value of the
"A" mileage ration is to occur dur
ing the next period, it was learned
from the Palo Alto War Ration Board
today. "A" coupons will continue to
be worth three gallons. The number
9 "A" coupons expire today, Jan. 21
and number 10 tickets become valid
on Jan. 22.
No reduction in the value of the
"A" mileage ration is to occur dur
ing the next period, it was learned
from the Palo Alto War Ration Board
today. "A" coupons will continue to
be worth three gallons. The number
9 "A" coupons expire today, Jan. 21
and number 10 tickets become valid
on Jan. 22.
No reduction in the value of the
"A" mileage ration is to occur dur
ing the next period, it was learned
from the Palo Alto War Ration Board
today. "A" coupons will continue to
be worth three gallons. The number
9 "A" coupons expire today, Jan. 21
and number 10 tickets become valid
on Jan. 22.
No reduction in the value of the
"A" mileage ration is to occur dur
ing the next period, it was learned
from the Palo Alto War Ration Board
today. "A" coupons will continue to
be worth three gallons. The number
9 "A" coupons expire today, Jan. 21
and number 10 tickets become valid
on Jan. 22.
No reduction in the value of the
"A" mileage ration is to occur dur
ing the next period, it was learned
from the Palo Alto War Ration Board
today. "A" coupons will continue to
be worth three gallons. The number
9 "A" coupons expire today, Jan. 21
and number 10 tickets become valid
on Jan. 22.
No reduction in the value of the
"A" mileage ration is to occur dur
ing the next period, it was learned
from the Palo Alto War Ration Board
today. "A" coupons will continue to
be worth three gallons. The number
9 "A" coupons expire today, Jan. 21
and number 10 tickets become valid
on Jan. 22.
No reduction in the value of the
"A" mileage ration is to occur dur
ing the next period, it was learned
from the Palo Alto War Ration Board
today. "A" coupons will continue to
be worth three gallons. The number
9 "A" coupons expire today, Jan. 21
and number 10 tickets become valid
on Jan. 22.
No reduction in the value of the
"A" mileage ration is to occur dur
ing the next period, it was learned
from the Palo Alto War Ration Board
today. "A" coupons will continue to
be worth three gallons. The number
9 "A" coupons expire today, Jan. 21
and number 10 tickets become valid
on Jan. 22.
No reduction in the value of the
"A" mileage ration is to occur dur
ing the next period, it was learned
from the Palo Alto War Ration Board
today. "A" coupons will continue to
be worth three gallons. The number
9 "A" coupons expire today, Jan. 21
and number 10 tickets become valid
on Jan. 22.
No reduction in the value of the
"A" mileage ration is to occur dur
ing the next period, it was learned
from the Palo Alto War Ration Board
today. "A" coupons will continue to
be worth three gallons. The number
9 "A" coupons expire today, Jan. 21
and number 10 tickets become valid
on Jan. 22.
No reduction in the value of the
"A" mileage ration is to occur dur
ing the next period, it was learned
from the Palo Alto War Ration Board
today. "A" coupons will continue to
be worth three gallons. The number
9 "A" coupons expire today, Jan. 21
and number 10 tickets become valid
on Jan. 22.
No reduction in the value of the
"A" mileage ration is to occur dur
ing the next period, it was learned
from the Palo Alto War Ration Board
today. "A" coupons will continue to
be worth three gallons. The number
9 "A" coupons expire today, Jan. 21
and number 10 tickets become valid
on Jan. 22.
