# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Conover "cover girls" are being
trained to act as announcers and
demonstrators for postwar television.
Conover "cover girls" are being
trained to act as announcers and
demonstrators for postwar television.
Conover "cover girls" are being
trained to act as announcers and
demonstrators for postwar television.
Conover "cover girls" are being
trained to act as announcers and
demonstrators for postwar television.
Conover "cover girls" are being
trained to act as announcers and
demonstrators for postwar television.
Conover "cover girls" are being
trained to act as announcers and
demonstrators for postwar television.
Conover "cover girls" are being
trained to act as announcers and
demonstrators for postwar television.
Conover "cover girls" are being
trained to act as announcers and
demonstrators for postwar television.
Conover "cover girls" are being
trained to act as announcers and
demonstrators for postwar television.
Conover "cover girls" are being
trained to act as announcers and
demonstrators for postwar television.
Conover "cover girls" are being
trained to act as announcers and
demonstrators for postwar television.
Conover "cover girls" are being
trained to act as announcers and
demonstrators for postwar television.
Conover "cover girls" are being
trained to act as announcers and
demonstrators for postwar television.
Conover "cover girls" are being
trained to act as announcers and
demonstrators for postwar television.
Conover "cover girls" are being
trained to act as announcers and
demonstrators for postwar television.
Conover "cover girls" are being
trained to act as announcers and
demonstrators for postwar television.
