# Track Notes.
## 
### 
—The fine weather which has
prevailed during the past week has
caused a general activity on the
part of the track men. Trainer
Moulton is on the track every hour
of the day, and the track candi
dates are taking light work under
his direction. At present the
trainer is devoting much time to
the new men who, although inex
perienced, give promise of develop
ing into point-winners. A few
upperclass-men who have never
appeared on the track before are
showing up in form that entitles
them to be ranked as Varsity pos
sibilities.
—A scheduleof general field-meets
for the ensuing season will be ar
ranged. Both captain and trainer
are in favor of increasing the num
ber of field-days, so that the men

may obtain the experience afforded
by competition. If enough dates
can not be secured with outside
teams, a greater number of inter
class and handicap meets will be
held.
—It is probable that no profes
sional rubber will be engaged for
the track men this spring. McLeod,
who was at the University last
year, is willing to return, but as
one man can not attend to all the
candidates, student rubbers will
probably do all of the work.
