# CALKINS LEADS CUBS
## 
### 
BERKELEY, Nov. 4. (/P)—Russell ;
Calkins, Jr., of Alameda, will lead j
the California freshman football i
team in the annual game with Stan- i
ford University freshmen Saturday. !
Calkins was elected to captain the !
Bear yearlings after practice Tues- |
day night.
BERKELEY, Nov. 4. (/P)—Russell ;
Calkins, Jr., of Alameda, will lead j
the California freshman football i
team in the annual game with Stan- i
ford University freshmen Saturday. !
Calkins was elected to captain the !
Bear yearlings after practice Tues- |
day night.
BERKELEY, Nov. 4. (/P)—Russell ;
Calkins, Jr., of Alameda, will lead j
the California freshman football i
team in the annual game with Stan- i
ford University freshmen Saturday. !
Calkins was elected to captain the !
Bear yearlings after practice Tues- |
day night.
BERKELEY, Nov. 4. (/P)—Russell ;
Calkins, Jr., of Alameda, will lead j
the California freshman football i
team in the annual game with Stan- i
ford University freshmen Saturday. !
Calkins was elected to captain the !
Bear yearlings after practice Tues- |
day night.
BERKELEY, Nov. 4. (/P)—Russell ;
Calkins, Jr., of Alameda, will lead j
the California freshman football i
team in the annual game with Stan- i
ford University freshmen Saturday. !
Calkins was elected to captain the !
Bear yearlings after practice Tues- |
day night.
BERKELEY, Nov. 4. (/P)—Russell ;
Calkins, Jr., of Alameda, will lead j
the California freshman football i
team in the annual game with Stan- i
ford University freshmen Saturday. !
Calkins was elected to captain the !
Bear yearlings after practice Tues- |
day night.
BERKELEY, Nov. 4. (/P)—Russell ;
Calkins, Jr., of Alameda, will lead j
the California freshman football i
team in the annual game with Stan- i
ford University freshmen Saturday. !
Calkins was elected to captain the !
Bear yearlings after practice Tues- |
day night.
BERKELEY, Nov. 4. (/P)—Russell ;
Calkins, Jr., of Alameda, will lead j
the California freshman football i
team in the annual game with Stan- i
ford University freshmen Saturday. !
Calkins was elected to captain the !
Bear yearlings after practice Tues- |
day night.
BERKELEY, Nov. 4. (/P)—Russell ;
Calkins, Jr., of Alameda, will lead j
the California freshman football i
team in the annual game with Stan- i
ford University freshmen Saturday. !
Calkins was elected to captain the !
Bear yearlings after practice Tues- |
day night.
BERKELEY, Nov. 4. (/P)—Russell ;
Calkins, Jr., of Alameda, will lead j
the California freshman football i
team in the annual game with Stan- i
ford University freshmen Saturday. !
Calkins was elected to captain the !
Bear yearlings after practice Tues- |
day night.
BERKELEY, Nov. 4. (/P)—Russell ;
Calkins, Jr., of Alameda, will lead j
the California freshman football i
team in the annual game with Stan- i
ford University freshmen Saturday. !
Calkins was elected to captain the !
Bear yearlings after practice Tues- |
day night.
BERKELEY, Nov. 4. (/P)—Russell ;
Calkins, Jr., of Alameda, will lead j
the California freshman football i
team in the annual game with Stan- i
ford University freshmen Saturday. !
Calkins was elected to captain the !
Bear yearlings after practice Tues- |
day night.
BERKELEY, Nov. 4. (/P)—Russell ;
Calkins, Jr., of Alameda, will lead j
the California freshman football i
team in the annual game with Stan- i
ford University freshmen Saturday. !
Calkins was elected to captain the !
Bear yearlings after practice Tues- |
day night.
BERKELEY, Nov. 4. (/P)—Russell ;
Calkins, Jr., of Alameda, will lead j
the California freshman football i
team in the annual game with Stan- i
ford University freshmen Saturday. !
Calkins was elected to captain the !
Bear yearlings after practice Tues- |
day night.
BERKELEY, Nov. 4. (/P)—Russell ;
Calkins, Jr., of Alameda, will lead j
the California freshman football i
team in the annual game with Stan- i
ford University freshmen Saturday. !
Calkins was elected to captain the !
Bear yearlings after practice Tues- |
day night.
