# SORORITY TEAS ARE POSTPONED ONE WEEK
## 
### 
Because of the general exodus to
the U.S.C. - Stanford game this
week-end at Los Angeles, there will
be no teas given by sororities this
Sunday.
The last three teas this quarter j
will be given next Sunday from 4 j
to 6 o'clock. Those houses which i
will entertain the new women next I
week will be the Chi Omega, Delta !
Gamma, and Kappa Kappa Gamma j
sororities.
Because of the general exodus to
the U.S.C. - Stanford game this
week-end at Los Angeles, there will
be no teas given by sororities this
Sunday.
The last three teas this quarter j
will be given next Sunday from 4 j
to 6 o'clock. Those houses which i
will entertain the new women next I
week will be the Chi Omega, Delta !
Gamma, and Kappa Kappa Gamma j
sororities.
Because of the general exodus to
the U.S.C. - Stanford game this
week-end at Los Angeles, there will
be no teas given by sororities this
Sunday.
The last three teas this quarter j
will be given next Sunday from 4 j
to 6 o'clock. Those houses which i
will entertain the new women next I
week will be the Chi Omega, Delta !
Gamma, and Kappa Kappa Gamma j
sororities.
Because of the general exodus to
the U.S.C. - Stanford game this
week-end at Los Angeles, there will
be no teas given by sororities this
Sunday.
The last three teas this quarter j
will be given next Sunday from 4 j
to 6 o'clock. Those houses which i
will entertain the new women next I
week will be the Chi Omega, Delta !
Gamma, and Kappa Kappa Gamma j
sororities.
Because of the general exodus to
the U.S.C. - Stanford game this
week-end at Los Angeles, there will
be no teas given by sororities this
Sunday.
The last three teas this quarter j
will be given next Sunday from 4 j
to 6 o'clock. Those houses which i
will entertain the new women next I
week will be the Chi Omega, Delta !
Gamma, and Kappa Kappa Gamma j
sororities.
Because of the general exodus to
the U.S.C. - Stanford game this
week-end at Los Angeles, there will
be no teas given by sororities this
Sunday.
The last three teas this quarter j
will be given next Sunday from 4 j
to 6 o'clock. Those houses which i
will entertain the new women next I
week will be the Chi Omega, Delta !
Gamma, and Kappa Kappa Gamma j
sororities.
Because of the general exodus to
the U.S.C. - Stanford game this
week-end at Los Angeles, there will
be no teas given by sororities this
Sunday.
The last three teas this quarter j
will be given next Sunday from 4 j
to 6 o'clock. Those houses which i
will entertain the new women next I
week will be the Chi Omega, Delta !
Gamma, and Kappa Kappa Gamma j
sororities.
Because of the general exodus to
the U.S.C. - Stanford game this
week-end at Los Angeles, there will
be no teas given by sororities this
Sunday.
The last three teas this quarter j
will be given next Sunday from 4 j
to 6 o'clock. Those houses which i
will entertain the new women next I
week will be the Chi Omega, Delta !
Gamma, and Kappa Kappa Gamma j
sororities.
Because of the general exodus to
the U.S.C. - Stanford game this
week-end at Los Angeles, there will
be no teas given by sororities this
Sunday.
The last three teas this quarter j
will be given next Sunday from 4 j
to 6 o'clock. Those houses which i
will entertain the new women next I
week will be the Chi Omega, Delta !
Gamma, and Kappa Kappa Gamma j
sororities.
Because of the general exodus to
the U.S.C. - Stanford game this
week-end at Los Angeles, there will
be no teas given by sororities this
Sunday.
The last three teas this quarter j
will be given next Sunday from 4 j
to 6 o'clock. Those houses which i
will entertain the new women next I
week will be the Chi Omega, Delta !
Gamma, and Kappa Kappa Gamma j
sororities.
Because of the general exodus to
the U.S.C. - Stanford game this
week-end at Los Angeles, there will
be no teas given by sororities this
Sunday.
The last three teas this quarter j
will be given next Sunday from 4 j
to 6 o'clock. Those houses which i
will entertain the new women next I
week will be the Chi Omega, Delta !
Gamma, and Kappa Kappa Gamma j
sororities.
Because of the general exodus to
the U.S.C. - Stanford game this
week-end at Los Angeles, there will
be no teas given by sororities this
Sunday.
The last three teas this quarter j
will be given next Sunday from 4 j
to 6 o'clock. Those houses which i
will entertain the new women next I
week will be the Chi Omega, Delta !
Gamma, and Kappa Kappa Gamma j
sororities.
Because of the general exodus to
the U.S.C. - Stanford game this
week-end at Los Angeles, there will
be no teas given by sororities this
Sunday.
The last three teas this quarter j
will be given next Sunday from 4 j
to 6 o'clock. Those houses which i
will entertain the new women next I
week will be the Chi Omega, Delta !
Gamma, and Kappa Kappa Gamma j
sororities.
Because of the general exodus to
the U.S.C. - Stanford game this
week-end at Los Angeles, there will
be no teas given by sororities this
Sunday.
The last three teas this quarter j
will be given next Sunday from 4 j
to 6 o'clock. Those houses which i
will entertain the new women next I
week will be the Chi Omega, Delta !
Gamma, and Kappa Kappa Gamma j
sororities.
Because of the general exodus to
the U.S.C. - Stanford game this
week-end at Los Angeles, there will
be no teas given by sororities this
Sunday.
The last three teas this quarter j
will be given next Sunday from 4 j
to 6 o'clock. Those houses which i
will entertain the new women next I
week will be the Chi Omega, Delta !
Gamma, and Kappa Kappa Gamma j
sororities.
