# MRS. HOOVER TESTED
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Nov. 5 (/P). —Mrs.
Herbert Hoover has had her voice
tested for the "talkies." Sound news
reel recording apparatus was set up
in the White House yesterday.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 5 (/P). —Mrs.
Herbert Hoover has had her voice
tested for the "talkies." Sound news
reel recording apparatus was set up
in the White House yesterday.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 5 (/P). —Mrs.
Herbert Hoover has had her voice
tested for the "talkies." Sound news
reel recording apparatus was set up
in the White House yesterday.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 5 (/P). —Mrs.
Herbert Hoover has had her voice
tested for the "talkies." Sound news
reel recording apparatus was set up
in the White House yesterday.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 5 (/P). —Mrs.
Herbert Hoover has had her voice
tested for the "talkies." Sound news
reel recording apparatus was set up
in the White House yesterday.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 5 (/P). —Mrs.
Herbert Hoover has had her voice
tested for the "talkies." Sound news
reel recording apparatus was set up
in the White House yesterday.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 5 (/P). —Mrs.
Herbert Hoover has had her voice
tested for the "talkies." Sound news
reel recording apparatus was set up
in the White House yesterday.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 5 (/P). —Mrs.
Herbert Hoover has had her voice
tested for the "talkies." Sound news
reel recording apparatus was set up
in the White House yesterday.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 5 (/P). —Mrs.
Herbert Hoover has had her voice
tested for the "talkies." Sound news
reel recording apparatus was set up
in the White House yesterday.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 5 (/P). —Mrs.
Herbert Hoover has had her voice
tested for the "talkies." Sound news
reel recording apparatus was set up
in the White House yesterday.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 5 (/P). —Mrs.
Herbert Hoover has had her voice
tested for the "talkies." Sound news
reel recording apparatus was set up
in the White House yesterday.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 5 (/P). —Mrs.
Herbert Hoover has had her voice
tested for the "talkies." Sound news
reel recording apparatus was set up
in the White House yesterday.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 5 (/P). —Mrs.
Herbert Hoover has had her voice
tested for the "talkies." Sound news
reel recording apparatus was set up
in the White House yesterday.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 5 (/P). —Mrs.
Herbert Hoover has had her voice
tested for the "talkies." Sound news
reel recording apparatus was set up
in the White House yesterday.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 5 (/P). —Mrs.
Herbert Hoover has had her voice
tested for the "talkies." Sound news
reel recording apparatus was set up
in the White House yesterday.
