# PALO ALTO ART CLUB PRESENTS EXHIBITION
## 
### 
The Palo Alto Art Club opened its j
annual exhibition of prints, draw- |
ings, and etchings in the Stanford |
Art Gallery yesterday. The club is
displaying its exhibit for the first
time, at the invitation of Pedro J.
Lemos, director.
The Palo Alto Art Club opened its j
annual exhibition of prints, draw- |
ings, and etchings in the Stanford |
Art Gallery yesterday. The club is
displaying its exhibit for the first
time, at the invitation of Pedro J.
Lemos, director.
The Palo Alto Art Club opened its j
annual exhibition of prints, draw- |
ings, and etchings in the Stanford |
Art Gallery yesterday. The club is
displaying its exhibit for the first
time, at the invitation of Pedro J.
Lemos, director.
The Palo Alto Art Club opened its j
annual exhibition of prints, draw- |
ings, and etchings in the Stanford |
Art Gallery yesterday. The club is
displaying its exhibit for the first
time, at the invitation of Pedro J.
Lemos, director.
The Palo Alto Art Club opened its j
annual exhibition of prints, draw- |
ings, and etchings in the Stanford |
Art Gallery yesterday. The club is
displaying its exhibit for the first
time, at the invitation of Pedro J.
Lemos, director.
The Palo Alto Art Club opened its j
annual exhibition of prints, draw- |
ings, and etchings in the Stanford |
Art Gallery yesterday. The club is
displaying its exhibit for the first
time, at the invitation of Pedro J.
Lemos, director.
The Palo Alto Art Club opened its j
annual exhibition of prints, draw- |
ings, and etchings in the Stanford |
Art Gallery yesterday. The club is
displaying its exhibit for the first
time, at the invitation of Pedro J.
Lemos, director.
The Palo Alto Art Club opened its j
annual exhibition of prints, draw- |
ings, and etchings in the Stanford |
Art Gallery yesterday. The club is
displaying its exhibit for the first
time, at the invitation of Pedro J.
Lemos, director.
The Palo Alto Art Club opened its j
annual exhibition of prints, draw- |
ings, and etchings in the Stanford |
Art Gallery yesterday. The club is
displaying its exhibit for the first
time, at the invitation of Pedro J.
Lemos, director.
The Palo Alto Art Club opened its j
annual exhibition of prints, draw- |
ings, and etchings in the Stanford |
Art Gallery yesterday. The club is
displaying its exhibit for the first
time, at the invitation of Pedro J.
Lemos, director.
The Palo Alto Art Club opened its j
annual exhibition of prints, draw- |
ings, and etchings in the Stanford |
Art Gallery yesterday. The club is
displaying its exhibit for the first
time, at the invitation of Pedro J.
Lemos, director.
The Palo Alto Art Club opened its j
annual exhibition of prints, draw- |
ings, and etchings in the Stanford |
Art Gallery yesterday. The club is
displaying its exhibit for the first
time, at the invitation of Pedro J.
Lemos, director.
The Palo Alto Art Club opened its j
annual exhibition of prints, draw- |
ings, and etchings in the Stanford |
Art Gallery yesterday. The club is
displaying its exhibit for the first
time, at the invitation of Pedro J.
Lemos, director.
The Palo Alto Art Club opened its j
annual exhibition of prints, draw- |
ings, and etchings in the Stanford |
Art Gallery yesterday. The club is
displaying its exhibit for the first
time, at the invitation of Pedro J.
Lemos, director.
The Palo Alto Art Club opened its j
annual exhibition of prints, draw- |
ings, and etchings in the Stanford |
Art Gallery yesterday. The club is
displaying its exhibit for the first
time, at the invitation of Pedro J.
Lemos, director.
