# EL CUADRO
## 
### 
El Cuadro will meet at 7:15 to
nic,lit hi the Toyon Chartreuse
room.
El Cuadro will meet at 7:15 to
nic,lit hi the Toyon Chartreuse
room.
El Cuadro will meet at 7:15 to
nic,lit hi the Toyon Chartreuse
room.
El Cuadro will meet at 7:15 to
nic,lit hi the Toyon Chartreuse
room.
El Cuadro will meet at 7:15 to
nic,lit hi the Toyon Chartreuse
room.
El Cuadro will meet at 7:15 to
nic,lit hi the Toyon Chartreuse
room.
El Cuadro will meet at 7:15 to
nic,lit hi the Toyon Chartreuse
room.
El Cuadro will meet at 7:15 to
nic,lit hi the Toyon Chartreuse
room.
El Cuadro will meet at 7:15 to
nic,lit hi the Toyon Chartreuse
room.
El Cuadro will meet at 7:15 to
nic,lit hi the Toyon Chartreuse
room.
El Cuadro will meet at 7:15 to
nic,lit hi the Toyon Chartreuse
room.
El Cuadro will meet at 7:15 to
nic,lit hi the Toyon Chartreuse
room.
El Cuadro will meet at 7:15 to
nic,lit hi the Toyon Chartreuse
room.
El Cuadro will meet at 7:15 to
nic,lit hi the Toyon Chartreuse
room.
