# SCHOLARSHIPS
## 
### 
Applications for scholarships for
wintei ; nd spring quarter are due
by Friday. Decisions will be an
nounced immediately after winter
quarter registration. Application
blanks are available at the new
quarter of the Scholarship Com
mittee on the Inner Quad, Rot»m
111 - F.
Applications for scholarships for
wintei ; nd spring quarter are due
by Friday. Decisions will be an
nounced immediately after winter
quarter registration. Application
blanks are available at the new
quarter of the Scholarship Com
mittee on the Inner Quad, Rot»m
111 - F.
Applications for scholarships for
wintei ; nd spring quarter are due
by Friday. Decisions will be an
nounced immediately after winter
quarter registration. Application
blanks are available at the new
quarter of the Scholarship Com
mittee on the Inner Quad, Rot»m
111 - F.
Applications for scholarships for
wintei ; nd spring quarter are due
by Friday. Decisions will be an
nounced immediately after winter
quarter registration. Application
blanks are available at the new
quarter of the Scholarship Com
mittee on the Inner Quad, Rot»m
111 - F.
Applications for scholarships for
wintei ; nd spring quarter are due
by Friday. Decisions will be an
nounced immediately after winter
quarter registration. Application
blanks are available at the new
quarter of the Scholarship Com
mittee on the Inner Quad, Rot»m
111 - F.
Applications for scholarships for
wintei ; nd spring quarter are due
by Friday. Decisions will be an
nounced immediately after winter
quarter registration. Application
blanks are available at the new
quarter of the Scholarship Com
mittee on the Inner Quad, Rot»m
111 - F.
Applications for scholarships for
wintei ; nd spring quarter are due
by Friday. Decisions will be an
nounced immediately after winter
quarter registration. Application
blanks are available at the new
quarter of the Scholarship Com
mittee on the Inner Quad, Rot»m
111 - F.
Applications for scholarships for
wintei ; nd spring quarter are due
by Friday. Decisions will be an
nounced immediately after winter
quarter registration. Application
blanks are available at the new
quarter of the Scholarship Com
mittee on the Inner Quad, Rot»m
111 - F.
Applications for scholarships for
wintei ; nd spring quarter are due
by Friday. Decisions will be an
nounced immediately after winter
quarter registration. Application
blanks are available at the new
quarter of the Scholarship Com
mittee on the Inner Quad, Rot»m
111 - F.
Applications for scholarships for
wintei ; nd spring quarter are due
by Friday. Decisions will be an
nounced immediately after winter
quarter registration. Application
blanks are available at the new
quarter of the Scholarship Com
mittee on the Inner Quad, Rot»m
111 - F.
Applications for scholarships for
wintei ; nd spring quarter are due
by Friday. Decisions will be an
nounced immediately after winter
quarter registration. Application
blanks are available at the new
quarter of the Scholarship Com
mittee on the Inner Quad, Rot»m
111 - F.
Applications for scholarships for
wintei ; nd spring quarter are due
by Friday. Decisions will be an
nounced immediately after winter
quarter registration. Application
blanks are available at the new
quarter of the Scholarship Com
mittee on the Inner Quad, Rot»m
111 - F.
Applications for scholarships for
wintei ; nd spring quarter are due
by Friday. Decisions will be an
nounced immediately after winter
quarter registration. Application
blanks are available at the new
quarter of the Scholarship Com
mittee on the Inner Quad, Rot»m
111 - F.
Applications for scholarships for
wintei ; nd spring quarter are due
by Friday. Decisions will be an
nounced immediately after winter
quarter registration. Application
blanks are available at the new
quarter of the Scholarship Com
mittee on the Inner Quad, Rot»m
111 - F.
